Shot of Varrick's battleship. Cut inside a cabin with Kya attempting to heal Jinora via waterbending. Cut to a panning shot up Jinora, who lies in a healing tub. Cut to Bumi playing a flute next to Oogi. Cut to an aerial view of the ship. Korra is practicing her bending, with Tenzin and Mako watching. Cut to a close frontal view of Korra, before switching to a side-view, and a close shot of the practice target. Cut to Mako as Bolin approaches.
Mako: What's up with the coat? And where did you get that pie?
Bolin: It's a Varrick ship, you never know what you're gonna find. There's a whole level filled with fun-house mirrors. Of course, there's also the catgator deck. [Bolin briefly turns around showing his coat with a large hole in it.] I miss that guy, he really knew how to make a long trip interesting. So, have you told Korra yet about how [Cut to Korra bending.] you guys broke up, and you kinda started dating Asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits?
Mako: [Cut back to Mako and Bolin.] Will you keep it down? I'm waiting for the right moment.
Bolin: Oh Mako, you know a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a blood-sucking leech: you just have to do it fast and get it over with.
Mako: I hate it when you listen to me. Fine!
Tenzin: [Close-up.] Unalaq will be waiting for you. You'll need all of your Avatar power to stop him.
Korra: [Frontal view.] I'm going to close the spirit portals, lock Vaatu in for another ten thousand years, and make Unalaq wish he'd never been born.
Korra uses her firebending to blast the head off the practice target. Cut to Mako's feet as the head lands in front of him. Cut to a frontal view of Mako looking worried. Side-view of Mako as Korra approaches.
Korra: Thanks Mako.
Mako: Uh ... Um ...
Korra: [Over the shoulder view.] Did you want something?
Mako: Uh no, no, nothing.
Bolin slides into view with a large smile on his face. Mako groans in response. Cut to the practice target, with Tenzin and Korra in the background.
Tenzin: As soon as we reach the Southern Water Tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main portal. [Kya joins them. Cut to a close-up shot of the group.] Then we can rendezvous with Tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the Spirit World.
Kya: Woah! Since when does my little brother wanna crash or blast through anything?
Tenzin: [Close-up.] I'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter.
Bumi: [Side-view of group as Bumi approaches.] We all want to save Jinora, but I think your plan might be a tad over-aggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship.
Tenzin: Really? And what do you suggest?
Bumi: [Close-up.] An attack like this calls for strategy. I remember when I was surrounded by pirates at the Hurricane Straits. We managed to capture them all, with just a feather, two eggs and a barrel of molasses.
Tenzin: [Frontal view of Korra and Tenzin.] I don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now! This is serious!
Frontal view of Bumi who looks upset. Cut to aerial shot as Asami, Bolin, and Mako approach.
Bolin: [Waving to Asami.] Are we almost there?
Asami: Almost, but ... [Frontal view of Asami.] I just picked up a distress signal from the southern troops. [Close-up.] There's a problem.
Frontal view of the group looking shocked and worried. Cut to aerial view of White Lotus compound in the South Pole. Oogi flies into view as Korra enters the compound on Naga. Cut to inside the compound as Oogi lands and Korra's mother approaches. Cut to frontal view of Korra as she dismounts Naga. 
Korra: Mom!
Senna: [Side-view. Hugging Korra.] I'm so happy you're here.
Korra: Where's Dad?
Senna: Unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance, and captured your father.
Korra: [Close-up.] I'll get him back.
Tenzin: [Tenzin approaches holding Jinora.] Where is my mother?
Senna: [Frontal view.] She's in the healing hut. So many injured.
Cut to the inside of the healing hut as the doors open revealing Kya, Bumi, Senna, Korra, and Tenzin holding Jinora. Panning shot of the inside of the healing hut showing the injured men and the female healers. Close-up of Katara, as she turns to see the others.
Katara: [Side-view. Approaching.] What happened?
Tenzin: Her soul is trapped in the Spirit World.
Katara: Oh my goodness! How long has she been away?
Kya: [Close-up.] Almost a week. I've tried to keep her energy flowing, but I can feel her slipping away. You're the only one who can help her now, Mom.
Close-up shot of a worried-looking Katara. Cut to Jinora being placed in a healing tub by Tenzin. Frontal view of the group, as Katara begins attempting to heal Jinora.
Tenzin: How much longer can she survive like this?
Katara: I don't know, but she is very strong to have lasted this long.
Cut to outside the healing hut.
Korra: I talked to the rebels. They said Unalaq's got the southern portal surrounded. [Close-up.] Harmonic Convergence is only a few hours away.
Tenzin: [Close-up.] Then we have to break through the enemy lines ourselves and get to the portal now.
Korra: [Side-view.] There's no use in talking any more. We know what our mission is.
Bolin: A suicide mission ...
Everyone pauses briefly and stares at Bolin.
Bumi: [Frontal view of Korra, Tenzin, Bumi, and Kya.] You know, I was in a similar situation once. My platoon had crawled through the desert with no water for a week! But when we finally located the only oasis for a hundred miles, [Panning shot of everyone else listening in disbelief.] it was surrounded by angry sandbenders. I realized our only chance to get to the water was to drop in from above. [Close-up of Tenzin and Bumi.] So I fashioned together a catapult, and with the help of a few well-trained hog monkeys ...
Tenzin: Enough of your ridiculous lies! Can't you see that the fate of the world and Jinora's life depends on what we do here today?!
Close-up of Bumi looking upset.
Asami: Hold on, maybe Bumi's right. [Frontal view of Asami, Bolin, and Mako.] We don't have a catapult and hog monkeys, but we have a flying bison and there's a plane on Varrick's ship. Maybe we can attack from above.
Korra: [Close-up.] What are you thinking?
Asami: [Frontal view.] Mako, Bolin and I can use the plane to create a distraction, and scatter some of the defenses. You, Tenzin, Bumi and Kya can fly into the spirit portal on Oogi when you see an opening.
Korra: [Close-up.] Let's get moving.
Cut to Oogi flying away with a view from beside Naga's foot. Cut to a frontal view of Naga, with Pabu sitting on top. Both look sad as they watch the others leave. Cut to Unalaq's compound. Cut inside Unalaq's tent as Desna and Eska enter.
Eska: [Side-view.] What are we still doing here, Father?
Desna: [Close-up of the twins.] The invasion was completely successful and the southern tribe is under our control. The spirit portals are open.
Eska: You've restored balance. Now we would like to go home.
Unalaq: [Close-up. Standing up.] You don't understand. Everything I've achieved so far will pale in comparison with what I'm about to accomplish.
Desna: [Side-view.] What else is there? The Water Tribe is united.
Unalaq: After today, there will be no more Water Tribe; no more nations of any kind. [Close-up.] The world is about to be transformed into something magnificent, and new. [Frontal view of twins.] And I will lead this glorious revolution. Now go outside and get the troops ready to defend the spirit portal.
Eska: From whom? We've already beaten everyone.
Unalaq: The Avatar will be here soon. She has no choice ...
Cut to side-view of Oogi and the plane from Varrick's ship. Cut to a closer side-view of Asami piloting the plane. She gives the thumbs up to Tenzin. Cut to a frontal view of Tenzin, who nods in return. Cut to a side-view of the two groups splitting up. Cut to a side-view of a scared Bolin hanging on tightly to the plane's wing.
Asami: Are you ready?!
Bolin: I'm an earthbender, strapped to the wing of a plane, hundreds of feet in the air, so, no?
Mako: Don't worry, there's no way they'll be expecting this.
Cut to a wide-view of Unalaq's compound. Spirits encircle the portal to the Spirit World from above. Cut closer to a side-view of the Northern Water Tribe soldiers ready to fight. Cut back to Bolin.
Bolin: I think they were expecting it!
Cut to a view from below of the portal surrounded by spirits. Cut inside one of the bunkers as the Northern Water Tribe soldiers stand ready. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane flies into view. Cut to a ground shot of the soldiers watching. Cut inside a bunker as the soldiers begin their attack. Cut outside of the bunker as the soldiers shoot icicles out toward the plane. Cut back to an aerial view of the compound as the plane manages to dodge the incoming projectiles.
Bolin: [Side-view. Terrified.] Asami!
Asami: [Close-up.] Get ready! [Frontal view of the plane avoiding more projectiles.] Fire!
Side-view of Mako who begins to firebend at the compound below. Side-view of the inside of the compound as the plane makes a pass. Side-view of the plane rising, avoiding more projectiles. Cut to a side-view of Asami, and a view from behind the plane. Cut back to the compound as the plane approaches again. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin, who begins earthbending. Cut to a side-view of the compound, as the plane makes another pass and Bolin earthbends explosives onto the mecha tanks. Cut to a side-view of Bolin triggering the explosives. Cut to an aerial view showing the explosions. Cut to an aerial view of the compound, as the plane continues its attack. Oogi approaches the compound.
Korra: There are spirits everywhere. I don't see an opening.
Tenzin: [Frontal view.] Let's circle around and see if we can find a way in from the other side. [Frontal view of the portal as the spirits begin their attack. Side-view of Oogi dodging the first attack.] Hold on!
Cut to a frontal view closer to the ground, as Oogi dives away from the spirit. Cut to a side-view as spirits now encircle Oogi. Some of the spirits have already managed to attach themselves to Oogi. Cut to a side-view of Oogi, as another spirit jumps on, but is quickly airbent away by Korra. Cut to Kya, who begins waterbending the spirits away. Cut to a frontal view of Oogi groaning.
Tenzin: [Side-view.] The spirits are weighting Oogi down! We're losing altitude!
Bumi: [Frontal view. Bumi begins kicking a spirit.] Get off of him you sticky, nasty little blob of goo! [Bumi is tripped by the spirit, but he grabs hold of it before falling.] Woah! [Close-up.] If I go, you're coming with me!
Cut to a side-view as the shadow lets go of Oogi and both Bumi and the shadow begin to fall.
Kya: [Aerial view of Bumi and the shadow falling.] Bumi!
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane continues its attack. Cut to a side-view inside the compound of the soldiers sending another wave of projectiles. Cut to a side-view of the plane as some of the icicles connect, damaging the plane. Mako responds with his firebending. Cut to a view inside the compound as Mako creates a wave of fire. Cut a ground view of the plane flying away. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane makes another run. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin. Cut to a side-view outside of a bunker as Bolin bends more explosives down and blows up the compound.
Bolin: [Frontal view.] I wish Varrick was filming this! We could call it "Nuktuk: Sky Warrior"!
Cut to a side-view of Eska and Desna in the compound, who begin their attack. Cut to an aerial view of the twins sliding on the snow using their waterbending. Cut to a side-view of the plane as the twins manage to destroy the tail of the plane. Cut to a view behind Eska and Desna as they watch the plane begin to fall.
Asami: [Side-view.] Brace yourselves!
Cut to a side-view of the plane as it begins to fall and crash. Cut to a wide shot of the crash site, showing Bolin, Mako and Asami unconscious. Cut to a front view of Oogi and the others. Cut to a frontal view from the ground as Oogi begins to fall and crash due to the spirits. Cut to a view of Korra, Tenzin, and Kya lying on the ground. Cut to a close-up of Korra. Cut to a frontal view of Northern Water Tribe soldiers approaching from the compound. Fade to black as Korra passes out.
Fade back in as Korra regains consciousness, showing Tonraq tied up. Cut to a side-view of Tonraq and Korra.
Korra: Dad ...
Tonraq: [Close-up.] Korra ... I'm so sorry. I failed you.
Korra: [Close-up.] Don't give up. Harmonic Convergence isn't here yet. We still have a chance.
Korra turns as the camera cuts to a frontal view of Korra, Tonraq, Tenzin, and Kya all tied up. Mako, Bolin, and Asami are thrown into the tent, also tied up. Cut to a side-view of the tent.
Mako: [Close-up.] We tried.
Cut to a frontal view of Korra and Tonraq looking sad.
Unalaq: Congratulations, everyone. [Frontal view.] You've all got front row seats for the beginning of a new world order.
Korra: [Over Unalaq's shoulder view of the others.] You don't know what you're doing, Unalaq. Freeing Vaatu won't make you powerful, it will only make you a traitor to everything good that's happened over the last ten thousand years.
Unalaq: [Frontal view.] You think what Avatar Wan did was good? Driving almost all the spirits from this world? The Avatar hasn't brought balance, only chaos. You call yourself the bridge between the two worlds, [Frontal view of Korra.] but there shouldn't be a bridge: we should live together as one.
Korra: Even if Vaatu escapes, I'll put him right back in his prison, just like Wan did.
Unalaq: [Side-view.] It's true that when Wan fused with Raava he tipped the scales in her favor, but this time I'll be here to level the playing field. When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will fuse with Vaatu, and together we will become the new Avatar: [Close-up.] a Dark Avatar. Your era is over.
Tonraq: [Close-up.] Think about what you're doing. I know that you've always had a deep connection with the spirits, but you're still a man. You're still my brother, you're Eska and Desna's father. Are you willing to throw your humanity away to become a monster?
Unalaq: [Close-up.] I'll be no more of a monster than your own daughter. The only difference is that while she can barely recognize her own spiritual power, I will be in complete alignment with mine. Vaatu and I will be as one. No one will be able to stand against us. [Frontal view of Eska and Desna who turn as Unalaq begins to speak to them.] Keep them locked up. After the Harmonic Convergence, I will come for Korra.
Eska: Yes, Father.
Cut to a view from behind Korra and Tonraq, as Unalaq and his two Northern Water Tribe guards leave the tent.
Tenzin: [Side-view.] I failed in every way. We've lost Jinora forever.
Kya: There's still a chance. They didn't get Bumi.
Cut to a side-view of Bumi who kicks his way out of being buried in the snow. Cut to a frontal view as he sits up and realizes the spirit he took down with him is still there. Cut to a side-view of the two as Bumi stands up and the spirit approaches.
Bumi: [Frontal view.] Oh, you wanna play some more? Well, bring it on. [Side-view. Bumi begins punching the spirit. Frontal view as Bumi prepares a heavy blow. Cut to behind Bumi as he uppercuts the spirit. Cut to a close-up of the spirit, before switching to Bumi. Cut to a side-view of them both as the spirit punches Bumi backward. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi as he lifts his head from the snow.] Oh, we're playing dirty, huh?
Bumi reaches into his pocket. Cut to a view behind Bumi as he throws out a dagger. Cut to a side-view of the spirit as the dagger goes inside of it, reverses, and is propelled back out toward Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who manages to dodge out of the way. Cut to a side-view of them both as Bumi barely manages to move out the way of the spirits attack. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who reaches into his pocket again and pulls out the flute. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit approaching. Cut to a close-up of Bumi as he begins to play. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit as it calms down. Close-up of Bumi.
Bumi: Hmm ... Looks like we've got a music lover here. [Continues playing his flute. Frontal view of the spirit. Cut to a frontal view of Pabu and Naga approaching. Cut back to a close-up of Bumi as he stops playing.] Reinforcements! [Side-view. Bumi hugs Naga. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi and the spirit.] All right, soldiers, looks like it's on us to save the day, luckily I've got a plan.
Cut to a view of the portal and the spirits surrounding it, panning down to the compound. Cut to a frontal view of Eska and Desna looking out from the tent.
Korra: Eska, Desna, listen to me. [Close-up.] You've got to help us stop Unalaq. I know he's your father, but Vaatu has made him completely crazy.
Eska: [Side-view.] We will never turn on our father.
Korra: Please. [Close-up.] If you let me out now, I can still stop him from destroying everything. [Close-up of the twins.] Once he fuses with Vaatu, no one will be safe. Desna, he won't be your father anymore.
Desna: [Frontal view, as he advances on Korra.] You don't know what you're talking about! [Close-up.] Our father is the wisest man in the world. If he says what he is doing is right, I believe him.
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the soldiers are repairing the damage. Cut to a side-view of a soldier walking past Naga, Pabu, and Bumi without noticing.
Northern soldier 1
Huh?
Bumi jumps on the soldier as he stops. Cut to a view inside the compound as spirits fly past other soldiers.
Northern soldier 2
You know, if I wanted some ball of evil lurking over my shoulder all the time, I'd have stayed home with my mother-in-law.
Cut to a side-view of another part of the compound as Bumi moves forward, dressed as a Northern Water Tribe soldier.
Bumi: All right, spirit army. [Close-up. Pulls out flute.] Your general is here. Follow me! [Begins playing. Cut to a frontal view of spirits surrounding the portal taking interest in Bumi. Cut to aerial view of Bumi playing his flute as the spirits approach.] It's working! [Close-up. Cut to a frontal view as the spirits pounce on him.] It's not working!
Bumi crawls and runs away. Cut to a wide-view of the compound as Bumi runs away, chased by spirits. Cut to a close-up of Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of more spirits approaching. Cut to a side-view of two mecha tanks and Bumi. Bumi jumps in to one of them. Cut to a view inside the mecha tank Bumi jumped into. Cut to a frontal view outside the mecha tank as the spirits surround Bumi before entering it. Cut inside to a front view of Bumi as the mecha tank begins to break down. Cut to a close-up of the mecha tank's tread, which activates. Cut to a view behind the mecha tank as it begins to drive into tents. Cut to a side-view of the compound as the soldier run away. Cut to a close-up of Bumi.
Bumi: Get me out of here!
Bumi activates a lever. Cut to outside the mecha tank as it fires off a grappling hook. Cut to a close-up of a tower as the hook latches on. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank as it begins to swinging around the tower, destroying tents as it goes. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the mecha tank continues to destroy it all. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank. Cut to an aerial view of a tent that gets knocked over showing two soldiers playing a board game and one sleeping. Cut back to the aerial view, as most of the compound is destroyed. Cut inside to Bumi as the spirits show themselves and Bumi becomes scared. Bumi pulls the eject lever. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank, as Bumi is propelled out. Cut to a front view of Bumi; switch to a side-view as he slides into the tent where the rest of Team Avatar are captured, knocking over Eska and Desna in the process. Cut to close-up.
Bumi: All right guys, rescue time.
Eska and Desna get back up and glare at Bumi. Naga and Pabu came bursting into the tent and knock out the surprised twins. Cut to a panning view of the others as they look on in surprise. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the final tower falls.
Tenzin: [Off-screen.] Bumi, how did you manage to take out this entire encampment on your own?
Bumi: [Frontal view of group.] I did it all with my trusty flute and ... ah, never mind, you wouldn't believe it anyway. Let's get moving.
Bumi marches off followed by the others. Cut to a frontal view of the bunkers near the portal as the group approaches.
Cut to a wide shot of the entire group in a forest clearing. Cut to a frontal view of Tonraq being held up by Mako.
Tonraq: You run into the portal, I'll try to hold off anyone who comes after you.
Korra: [Close-up.] No, you're too hurt, you need a healer. [Side-view. Approaching Tonraq.] Asami, can you take Oogi and my dad back to my mom?
Asami: Mhmm. [Walks toward Oogi.]
Korra: This is my fight now.
Tonraq: Korra, [Hugs Korra.] I love you.
Korra: I love you too, Dad.
Cut to a frontal view of Asami on Oogi.
Asami: Yip-yip.
Oogi takes off. Cut to a ground view from behind Korra and Tenzin as she watches Oogi leave. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Tenzin, Mako, Bolin, Bumi, and Kya.
Korra: [To Tenzin.] Once we're inside, you go find Jinora. [Turning to Mako and Bolin.] Mako and Bolin will take care of Unalaq, while I close the portal so Vaatu can't escape.
Bolin: [Frontal view of Mako and Bolin.] Wait a second. Worst-case scenario: so we're fighting Unalaq, you close the portals and let's just say something happens to you. Are we going to be trapped in there for eternity?
Korra: [Frontal view of Korra and Tenzin from behind the others.] If everything goes as planned, we'll all walk out together after Harmonic Convergence. [Close-up.] If not ... [Frontal view of the others. Cut to a close-up of Korra.] Let's go.
Cut to frontal view of the portal as the group run toward it. Cut to inside the Spirit World with a view of the Tree of Time. Spirits encircle the tree as Unalaq waits. Cut to a side-view of Unalaq as he turns to the portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra, Bolin, Mako, Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi enter the Spirit World. Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq who, along with the spirits, begins to attack. Cut to a wide-view of the spirits approaching Team Avatar.
Korra: Tenzin, go find Jinora!
Tenzin: [To Kya and Bumi.] C'mon!
Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi run off to find Jinora. Korra enters the Avatar state and dashes forward, preparing to airbend. Cut to an aerial view as she unleashes a wave of air. Cut to a side-view of the spirits as they are rebuffed by the airbending. Unalaq leaps off the shadow he was on and begins to waterbend. Cut to a front view of a pond of water that Unalaq uses to slow his descent by turning it in to ice to slide down. As he lands he begins to waterbend again. Cut to a side-view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Bolin and Mako run forward and begin bending their respective elements to stop Unalaq. Korra rushes off toward the Southern Portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra approaches. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, as she reaches the portal and enters the Avatar State. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra attempts to close it.
Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq attempting to break through Mako and Bolin's defense. Cut to a side-view of the area. Cut to a frontal view of Mako, as he dodges Unalaq's attack before continuing his own with Bolin. Mako is launched into the air by Bolin's earthbending. Cut to a side-view, as Mako's attack is repelled and he is sent flying backward by Unalaq's attack. Unalaq repels Bolin's attack.
Cut to a ground view of Korra, as she continues her attempt to close the portal. Cut to the Tree of Time and Vaatu.
Vaatu: You're running out of time, Raava. [Cut to a view behind Korra.] I know you feel it coming.
Cut to an aerial view of the sun as the planets begin to align. Cut back to a view behind Korra as she is knocked backward by a pulse of energy. Cut to a side-view of the two portals as their energy begins to collide. Cut to a frontal view of Korra watching on. Cut to a close-up of Unalaq. Cut back to a side-view of the portals. Cut outside of the portal in the South Pole, as Desna and Eska are knocked backward by a wave of energy. Cut to a frontal view of them falling backward as the wave continues. Cut to a close-up of the twins. Cut to an aerial view of some cliffs as the wave spreads. Cut to a view of the entire planet as waves from both poles spread across the entire planet. Cut to a wide-view of Republic City, as a wave passes by. Cut to a wide-view of a street of Republic City. Cut to a close-up of Lin Beifong. Cut to a ground view of Lin and other citizens of Republic City looking up at the sky. Cut to a view of the entire planet again as the two waves converge.
Cut back inside the Spirit World as the two portals begin to create lightning that hits the Tree of Time. Cut to a frontal view of the Tree of Time. The lightning stops and it goes dark briefly before energy explodes from the tree. Cut to a wide-view of the Tree of Time as the energy expands and dissipates. Vaatu emerges. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Cut to a frontal view of Vaatu as he begins to laugh. Cut to a close-up of Korra.