The episode opens up to show a slowly zooming in aerial shot of the the Pro-bending Arena as it snows. Cut to a frontal, close-up shot of a determined looking Korra handling a water blob. The camera moves back as she splits it in two, and rapidly launches each smaller water bullet in a different direction. Cut to a side-shot of Bolin, who raises his right arm in front of him, an earth disk following the motion and hovering in front of his face. As the water blob Korra launched at him strikes the disk, he is shoved slightly backward by the impact. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako, who moves back and twists around, vaporizing the incoming blob with a fire arc. He immediately retaliates with two fire punches. Cut to an overview shot of the entire gym and the practicing Fire Ferrets. Bolin's earth disk is pulverized by Mako's fire attack. Korra aims another rapid water blast at Mako, who jumps over it, while Bolin launches an earth disk at Korra, forcing her to shield herself with water from a nearby tank. Mako fires a blast at each of his team mates, which both of them block with their respective element. A second fire blast hits Bolin square in the stomach. Cut to a frontal shot as he is flung backward. As he is falling down, he raises and launches a last earth disk. Cut to Korra who directs a water blob away from her, but is knocked back with a grunt as the earth disk plants itself in her stomach. Cut to Mako as Korra's water attack hits him straight in the face, flinging him to the ground several meters from where he was standing. Switch back to the overview shot of the gym as they all sit up and laugh. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako as he stands up and takes off his helmet, resting his left hand on his hip.
Mako: [Smiling.] It's been great having you at so many back-to-back practices, Korra.
Korra: [Upbeat.] Feels good to be back, although [Slightly raises her hand to emphasize her statement; smiling.] Tarrlok isn't too happy about my leave of absence.
Bolin: Hey, you joined the Fire Ferrets before you joined his task force.
Mako: Okay, come on, team huddle time!
The team huddles up, smiling at each other.
Mako: It's our first match of the tournament tonight. I know the three of us haven't been a team for very long, but even so, the Fire Ferrets have never been this good. Are we ready?
Korra and Bolin: We're ready!
Asami: [Walks in the practice room with the Future Industries sponsored gear.] Not quite, you'll need these. [Holds up a shirt with the Future Industries logo on it.]
Mako: Hey, Asami.
Asami: Good morning, sweetie.
Korra looks annoyed.
Mako: These new uniforms look great!
Asami: You look great, champ!
Mako and Asami do an 'Eskimo kiss'. Bolin looks with a "Really?" expression, while Korra shows her disgust, but quickly acts normal when Mako turns to her.
Mako: Well, teammates, I'll see you before the match tonight. Asami and I have a lunch date.
Bolin: [Waves at the couple.] Okay, we'll check you guys later, you know, we'll see you when we see ya.
Korra picks up her bag in silence.
Bolin: [Slides over to Korra with his hands behind his head.] So, Korra. There they go, here we are, all alone in the gym, just you and me, two alone people. Together. Alone.
Korra: Ah, I gotta head back to the air temple to train with Tenzin. See ya!
Bolin looks disappointed about his failed attempt to pick a date with Korra. The scene cuts to the brothers' attic, where Mako is preparing dinner while Bolin is preparing a bath for Pabu. The animal protests his owner's act, but Bolin finally manages to dip Pabu into the tub of water, who subsequently rises from it, shaking off water from his body with a look of defeat.
Bolin: Work with me here, Pabu! You wanna look spic and span in your new uniform, don't you? [To Mako.] So, what do you think of Korra, in a "girlfriend" sort of way?
Mako: She's great! But I think it makes more sense for me to go for Asami.
Bolin: [Slightly annoyed.] I was talking about a girlfriend for me! Leave some ladies for the rest of us!
Mako: I know, that's what I thought you meant.
Bolin: Well ...?
Mako: I don't know, Bo. It doesn't seem like a good idea for you to date Korra.
Bolin: You just said she was great two seconds ago.
Mako: Yeah, Korra is a great athlete and the Avatar and stuff, but I don't know if she's really "girlfriend material". She's more like a pal.
Bolin: Bro, you're nuts! Korra and I are perfect for each other: she's strong, I'm strong; she's fun, I'm fun; she's beautiful, I'm gorgeous! Okay, I don't care what you think, I'm gonna ask Korra out.
Mako: Look, it just isn't smart to date a teammate, especially during the tournament. Keep your head out of the clouds and your priorities straight, okay?
Bolin: Yeah, yeah, I know, gah. [To Pabu.] You know what I'm talking about, Pabu, I'm talking about real love. [Pabu looks confused.]
Cut to Air Temple Island. Korra, Jinora, and Ikki are feeding fruit to ring-tailed lemurs in the snow.
Jinora: So, how's it going with the tall, dreamy firebender boy? You've been spending a lot of time together lately.
Ikki: Oooh, yeah! Tell us all about the magical romance.
Korra: What? [Laughs.] Listen to you two, I-I'm not interested in Mako or any romantic stuff. [Coughs.] Besides he's all into that prissy, beautiful, elegant, rich girl ... but let's just pretend for a second I am interested in him. What would I do?
Jinora: Ooh! I just read a historical saga where the heroine fell in love with the enemy general's son, who's supposed to marry the princess. You should do what she did!
Korra: [Excited.] Tell me!
Jinora: She rode a dragon into battle and burned down the entire country. [Korra begins to frown at the unrealistic idea.] Then she jumped into a volcano. It was so romantic!
Korra: Uhh ...
Ikki: No, no, no! [Speaking rapidly.] The best way to win a boy's heart is to brew a love potion of rainbows and sunsets that makes true lovers sprout wings and fly into a magical castle in the sky, where they get married and eat clouds with spoons and use stars as ice cubes in their moonlight punch. Forever and ever and ever! [Airbends upward in a circular motion out of excitement.]
Korra: The volcano is starting to make more sense to me now. [Pema laughs in the background.]
Korra: [Turns around and sees Pema on the path.] Oh, hey Pema. Uh, how long were you standing there?
Pema: Long enough. But trust me, I know what you're going through. Years ago I was in the exact the same situation, with Tenzin.
Ikki: [Very surprised.] Daddy was in love with someone else before you?
Pema: That's right.
Korra: So what did you do?
Pema: Well, for the longest time, I did nothing. I was so shy and scared of rejection, but watching my soul mate spend his life with the wrong woman became too painful. So I hung my chin out there and I confessed my love to Tenzin. And the rest is history.
Korra, Ikki, and Jinora: Wooow!
Cut to the Pro-bending Arena.
Shiro Shinobi: Folks, after a year of waiting the Pro-bending Championship is finally here. Tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket. And I gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen.
Ring announcer: Introducing our first team, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets! [Cheers by the crowd.] And their opponents, the Red Sands Rabaroos!
The match between the Fire Ferrets and the Rabaroos starts.
Shiro Shinobi: What an explosive opening volley. Both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending. I am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the Fire Ferrets. No wonder the Avatar has been absent from the papers lately. She's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym. The Ferrets advance into Rabaroo territory and are holding nothing back. Nice sprawl there by Mako. Bolin strikes, Ula dodges, and all three Rabaroos are down. The Fire Ferrets easily take round one!
Ring announcer: Round two!
Shiro Shinobi: The Rabaroos are looking for payback and they go straight after Bolin. Korra comes to his defense and water-whacks Umi back into zone two! The Ferrets are on fire tonight and they win round two.
Ring announcer: Round three!
Shiro Shinobi: With the Rabaroos down two rounds they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the Fire Ferrets are playing I don't see that happening. These Ferrets are working together like a well-oiled bending machine. Bolin passes Adi back into zone two and the Ferrets get the green light to advance. The Rabaroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point. Out goes Adi, and Ula, and Umi!
Ring announcer: All three rounds go to the Future Industries Fire Ferrets to win the opening match of the tournament!
Bolin: [The team cheers.] That's what I'm talking about! [To audience.] Thank you, thank you very much! Thank you all you fans!
Mako: [Back in the changing area.] Wow, we were really connecting out there in that ring.
Korra: Yeah! You know, I feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too.
Mako: Uh, sure.
Korra: So, I was thinking we should spend some time together.
Mako: Oh, we've been spending lots of time together.
Korra: I mean outside of the gym, and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chi blockers.
Mako: I don't know. Asami and I have —
Korra: [Abruptly.] Look, I really like you and I think we are meant for each other! [Korra quickly turns around and hides her face with her arm, blushing lightly.]
Mako: [Gently.] Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you.
Korra: Forget I ever said anything ...
Asami: [Walks into the room with Pabu on her shoulder.] Congratulations, guys! You were so amazing out there. [Kisses Mako on his cheek.]
Mako and Korra look uncomfortably at each other. Korra takes a seat and Bolin takes a seat next to her.
Bolin: So, Korra, I was thinking, you and me, we could get some dinner together, sort of a date situation.
Korra: Oh, that's really sweet, but I don't think so. I don't feel very date-worthy.
Bolin: Are you kidding me? You're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest, incrediblest girl in the world!
Korra: [Chuckles.] You really feel that way about me?
Bolin: I felt that way since the moment I saw you! Trust me, I know we're gonna have so much fun together.
Korra: [Changing her mind.] You know what? I could use some fun. Okay, sure!
Bolin: Yes! Who's the luckiest guy in the world? Right here, Bolin!
Mako watches while holding Asami, but Asami clings into him and rests her head on his shoulder. Mako still thinks about Korra and Bolin. Cut to Bolin and Korra eating in Narook's Seaweed Noodlery, Naga resting in front of the door.
Bolin: [While slurping on noodles.] So, how do you like it?
Korra: [With a mouthful of noodles too.] Hmm, it's delicious and totally authentic! I didn't realize how much I missed Water Tribe grub.
Bolin: [Happily.] That's great, 'cause this is my favorite joint. See? You love Water Tribe food, I love Water Tribe food, just another reason we are so great together.
Korra: [With noodles in her mouth.] They are good noodles! Hey, who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us?
Camera flips to show Tahno at a table with a girl in each arm and some guys with him.
Bolin: That's Tahno and the Wolfbats, the reigning champs, three years running. Don't make eye contact.
Korra disobeys and looks straight at him. Tahno walks up toward Korra and Bolin, along with his company.
Bolin: Uh-oh, here he comes. Now don't mess with this guy, he's a nasty dude. [Eats noodles and is quite intimidated by Tahno.]
Tahno: [Taunting.] Well, well, well, if it isn't the Fire Ferrets. Pro-bending's saddest excuse for a team. Tell me, how did a couple of amateurs like you luck your way into the tournament? Especially you, Avatar. You know, if you'd like to learn how a real pro bends, I could give you some private lessons.
Korra: [Stands up close in front of him, glaring.] You wanna go toe-to-toe with me, pretty boy?
Tahno: Go for it. I'll give you the first shot. [Smirks.]
Bolin: [Whispers.] Korra, don't. He's just trying to bait you. If you hit him, we're out of the tournament.
Korra whistles and Naga busts through the window, roaring loudly at Tahno. He falls over, but his friends behind him catch him and they walk away. Korra and Bolin laugh.
Bolin: Whoa, ho, ho, I've never seen someone harass Tahno like that. You are one of a kind, Korra.
Korra and Bolin are drinking cocktails with straws. Bolin burps and is ashamed, but Korra notices this and burps even louder, to which Bolin burps again, louder this time, and Korra burps again yet even louder, and they both start laughing. The couple next to them looks on in horrified disgust.
The scene now shows the Harmony Tower. The camera pans up from the bottom to the top of the tower and shows Korra and Bolin, along with many other couples, watching the city by night from the top of the tower. Korra really enjoys the view, and Bolin enjoys Korra having a good time. Cut to Mako sitting in front of the arena, sad. Korra walks up to him, he stands up.
Mako: [Slightly mad.] What kind of game are you playing?
Korra: [Confused.] Uh ... Pro-bending? We've got the quarterfinal match.
Mako: No, I mean with Bolin. You've got him all in a tizzy and I know you're only using him to get back at me.
Korra: I am not, we're just having fun together. What do you care, anyway?
Mako: [Defensive of Bolin.] I'm looking out for my little brother. I don't want to see his heart get broken.
Korra: Wait a second ... you're not worried about him, you're jealous! You do have feelings for me!
Mako: What? Jealous? Don't be ridiculous.
Korra: Admit it! You like me.
Mako: No, I'm with Asami.
Korra: Yeah, but when you're with her you're thinking about me, aren't you?
Mako: [Angrily.] Get over yourself!
Korra: [Points to herself.] I'm just being honest.
Mako: You're crazy!
Korra: You're a liar! [They both glare at each other, before storming away.]
Random stranger: Hey Mako-! Oh ... [Mako ignores him, as he and Korra storm into the arena through different doors.]
Cuts to the interior arena.
Shiro Shinobi: Eight teams have been eliminated and eight advance into the quarter finals, which get underway way tonight. The rookies are about to take on the former and longest-reigning champs, the Boar-q-pines. Youth clashes against experience in a battle for the ages, or rather of the ages. [Bell sounds, indicating the match starts.] Korra dodges and, ooh, slams right into her teammate! Down goes Mako and Bolin and Korra!
Ring announcer: Round one goes to the Boar-q-pines!
Mako: [To Korra.] You were supposed to defend while I attacked!
Korra: I had an opening so I took it!
Bolin: What is up with you two? All right, whatever, just pull together, guys.
Shiro Shinobi: The Ferrets looking to mount some offense here in round two. Bolin lets fly a flurry of attacks, he's a one-man bending battalion. The Ferrets are having a rough time finding their rhythm tonight, but thanks to Bolin, they narrowly notch round two. Not sure what's eating them, but this is not the same team who took out the Rabaroos.
Ring announcer: Round three is a tie! We go to a tie-breaker to decide the match.
Referee: The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss! [To the Ferrets.] Which element do you choose?
Mako: I got this.
Bolin: I know you usually handle these, but frankly, your head's not in the game. I'm gonna take this one. [Steps forward.] We choose earth.
Shiro Shinobi: [A platform in the middle of the stage raises with Bolin and Chang, the Boar-q-pine earthbender, on it.] Looks like the earthbenders will collide in the tie-breaker face-off. Bolin goes in for the grapple, Chang reverses. Bolin strikes from midair, knocking Chang to the edge of the circle. Another strike from Bolin, and Chang is in the drink!
Ring announcer: The Future Industries Fire Ferrets win their quarterfinal match! [Bolin cheers.]
Korra and Mako are relieved that Bolin won the tie-breaker, but look away from each other angrily.
Shiro Shinobi: Oh, that was a close one folks! Youth trumps experience tonight.
Cut to Korra, staring from the balcony in sadness and anger, as Mako walks up to her.
Mako: We need to talk. Look, sometimes you can be so infuriating. But I —
Korra: Save your breath. You've already made it clear how you feel about me.
Mako: No, I haven't. What I'm trying to say is: as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing.
Korra: So you do like me?
Mako: Yes, but, I like Asami, too. I don't know, things are complicated. I've been feeling really confused and —
Korra interrupts Mako by kissing him on the lips. It surprises him, but he kisses her back, making her blush. When they break the kiss, Korra immediately looks down in shame after having seen something behind Mako. Mako turns around to find Bolin standing there with flowers for Korra. He bursts into tears and runs away, dropping the flowers on the floor.
Mako: Bolin, this isn't what you think! [To Korra, angrily.] Great, look at what you did!
Korra: [Insulted.] You're blaming me?
Mako: [Furiously.] You kissed me!
Korra: [Angrily.] You kissed me back!
Mako raises his fists and growls in frustration, before running after Bolin.
Korra: [To herself, in a sad tone.] Well played, Korra.
Cut to Mako walking into Narook's Seaweed Noodlery.
Mako: Morning, Narook. My brother here? [Narook gestures.] Thanks. [Walks over to Bolin, slumped across a table.] Come on. Wake up. Taking you home, bro.
Bolin: [Looks up and sniffs dejectedly.] Don't call me that. You're not my brother! You're a brother betrayer! [Sobs.] The only one I can trust anymore is Pabu! Pabu loves me. [Gestures at Pabu, who is lying in a bowl on the table with a big stomach.]
Mako: You're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight. Let's go. [Puts a hand on Bolin's shoulder.]
Bolin: [Slaps away Mako's hand.] No! I'm not going anywhere with you, you traitor! [Angrily points at Mako.]
Mako: Guess we'll have to do this the hard way. [Picks Bolin up and hauls him onto his back.]
Bolin: [Sobbing.] Why?
Mako: Told you dating a teammate was a bad idea.
Bolin: You're a bad idea! Put me down! Put me down!
Pabu flops off the table and slowly follows. Cut to Pro-bending Arena at night, followed by Korra entering the locker room. She looks at Bolin sitting dejectedly on a bench, and walks silently past Mako. Cut to the Ferrets lining up against the Buzzard Wasps.
Shiro Shinobi: You can't find two teams more evenly matched in age, size, and strength than the Fire Ferrets and the Buzzard Wasps. Believe me, I've looked! This should be a pulse-pounding semifinal, folks! [Bell dings and play begins.] The Buzzard Wasps open with a flawlessly executed combo. All three Ferrets take an early visit to zone two. And Mako is knocked all the way back into zone three! The Fire Ferrets have been struggling to stay alive since the opening bell. All three players are totally out of sync tonight. [Bolin gets struck in the stomach with an earth disk.] Ooh, that has got to sting! [Bolin stumbles to the side of the ring, removes his helmet, throws it aside, and vomits.] And Bolin loses his noodles! Literally. [Korra turns around and watches with pity and disgust.] Which reminds me, this match is brought to you by our sponsor, Flameo Instant Noodles! Noodliest noodles in the United Republic. [Match continues and Korra is knocked into zone three.] The Buzzard Wasps fly deeper into Ferret territory. And Mako plunges into the pool! Can the Fire Ferrets hold on? The Wasps have the Ferrets backed up to the edge now ... and the Ferrets are bailed out by the bell! They had better pull themselves together for round two, otherwise they can kiss the finals goodbye.
Bell dings, second round begins. Mako gets knocked back a zone, and firebends a blast that hits Bolin in the back and knocks him to the ground.
Bolin: [Turning to Mako.] Hey! Watch it! [As his back is turned, he is struck by a blast of water and knocked off the edge.]
Shiro Shinobi: The Wasps take advantage of Mako's unforced error and Bolin is in the pool! [Korra gets fancy with her waterbending and gets too carried away.] Ooh, and a blatant hold by the Avatar!
Referee: [Blows whistle.] Unnecessary roughness! Move back one zone!
Korra: I'll unnecessarily rough you up! [Waterbends a blast at the referee as she heads back, and he grimly pulls out a yellow fan.]
Shiro Shinobi: And the Avatar is slapped with the yellow fan. The Ferrets are their own worst enemy right now. It's just sad to watch. With the Buzzard Wasps leading two rounds to zilch, the Ferrets' only hope of winning is with a knockout.
Mako: Well, I guess there's always next year.
Korra: Come on! We still have a chance, even if it is a slim one!
Bolin: The way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals.
Korra: Look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves.
Mako: Let's just get this over with.
Bolin: The sooner, the better.
The three grimly head back to the starting line and the bell dings, signaling the start of round three.
Shiro Shinobi: Bolin's knocked into zone two, followed quickly by his brother! [An earth coin strikes Bolin in the shoulder and he cries out.] And Bolin takes a zinger to the shoulder! Looks like it's a clean hit.
Bolin: Owww!
Mako: Bolin! [Gets hit with a blast of fire and knocked off the edge.]
Shiro Shinobi: Mako's in the drink and out of the match. And Bolin keeps playing with one good arm! I gotta hand it to him, this kid's got grit! But how long can he keep it up? [Bolin gets knocked off the edge with an earth and water combo.] Apparently, not very long. The Ferrets' dream of making it to the finals now rests in the Avatar's hands. But with three on one, I don't like her odds. [Korra dodges the attacks in an attempt to stay in the ring.]
Cut to Bolin, pulling himself painfully out of the pool. He looks up as Mako kneels above him, smiling and offering a hand. Mako pulls Bolin up and steadies him.
Mako: Are you okay? How's your shoulder?
Bolin: Ahh, it's messed up pretty bad. But I think I'll be all right. [Both boys step onto the lift, which begins rising.] Are we gonna be all right?
Mako: Of course we are. We're brothers. We'll get through this mess. I'm sorry.
Bolin: Me too! Girls ...
Mako: Seriously.
Shiro Shinobi: What an unbelievable effort here by Korra! She's dodging every element the Wasps throw at her! [Korra knocks each of the Wasps into a line.] The Avatar finally gains some ground, but with only ten seconds remaining, it might be too little too late! [Korra angles herself so that the Buzzard Wasps are lined up in front of her, and knocks them out with a single blast of water.] It's the big kibosh! What a knockout!
Bolin: [Excited.] Yes! She did it!
Mako: [Also excited.] Yes! Yeah!
Shiro Shinobi: It didn't seem possible, folks, but the Fire Ferrets are headed to the finals!
Bolin: Ha, ha! [As Mako hugs him tightly in celebration.] Shoulder! Shoulder!
Mako: [Dropping him.] Sorry.
Bolin: [As Korra walks up.] That, was pretty much the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Mako: Thanks for not giving up on us. We never would have made it this far without you. I owe you. Big time.
Korra: You're welcome. So ... I know things are confusing right now, but I hope we can still be friends.
Mako: Definitely.
Cut to the Wolfbats entering the locker room. Tahno enters last and inhales deeply with an expression of disgust.
Tahno: [Disgusted.] Ooh, oof. You boys smell something in here? Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers.
Korra: [The Fire Ferrets look at them with hate and disdain.] I hope we see you in the finals. Then we'll know who the losers really are.
Tahno: [To Korra in a sarcastic tone.] Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here.
Ring announcer: And now, the defending champs, the White Falls Wolfbats!
Korra growls at the White Fall Wolfbats, as Asami runs to Mako and throws her arms around his neck.
Asami: Great job! [To Korra as they both look at her while embracing.] What a comeback, Korra. I've never seen a hat trick like that.
Korra: Thanks! [Slowly approaches the pair.] But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. So thank you.
Bolin: Uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party, need some medical attention over here.
Korra: Ooh, let me help! [Places both hands on his shoulder.]
Bolin: [In a angry, yet joking manner.] Owww! Gah! Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?
Korra: Relax, I'm a healer! [Bends some water out of a bucket and puts it over Bolin's shoulder and begins to heal.] I learned from Katara, the best there is.
Bolin: No, no, oh- ooh! That's the stuff!
Korra: Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand.
Bolin: Ahh, I'll be all right. But we had fun together, didn't we?
Korra: I had a great time, honestly! You are one of a kind, Bolin.
Bolin: Please, go on. I enjoy praise.
Ring announcer: Your winners, the Wolfbats!
Korra: What? How is it over already?
Shiro Shinobi: With a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals. [Cut to the Mo Ce Mongoose Lizards being helped out of the pool by medics with stretchers. The waterbender on the team even has a large hole in the glass of his helmet.] I hope the Ferrets know a good doctor, 'cause they're gonna need one!
Close-up on the astonished faces of the three Fire Ferrets as the episode ends. Fade to credits.