The episode opens to an upward shot of the moving sky and the top of the trees. Cut to a facial shot of Korra, her tired eyes half-lidded and the shadows of the trees passing over her face. Switch to a far off shot of three members of the Bhanti, two of them carrying a stretcher, running toward the Bhanti Village Temple. Cut to a backshot of an old woman inside the temple who turns around. Switch to a shot from over her shoulder, revealing the three tribesmen entering the temple.
Female Sage: We found the Avatar washed up onshore, but she doesn't remember anything.
Male Sages put Korra on the table.
Korra: [Weakly.] Raava. Raava. Raava.
Shaman: [Cut to a close-up of the shaman using her firebending to read Korra's energy. She creates fire from her palms and waves her hands around Korra.] A dark energy has infected her. We must purge it before it destroys her Avatar Spirit. [Cut to a shot of Korra's face as she is still not fully conscious. Dissolve to a cave with a large hole in the ground, where light shines up from below. The Sages lower Korra into subterranean spirit waters.] Let the waters cleanse the darkness that plagues your spirit.
Cut to a wider shot of the cavern below, constructed by hexagonal rock formations. As Korra is lowered down, the camera follows her. The large pool of water is lit with light shining up from below. Cut to a shot from underneath the water as Korra touches the surface, the hammock keeping her face above water. Cut to a close-up of Korra and zoom in to an extreme close-up. In the water, the camera zooms in to a close-up of Korra's eyes. As she opens them, she is in a dreamworld, surrounded by a purple light. She is looking at her own image, engulfed in a blue light.
Korra: Who are you?
Korra's image: I am you.
Korra: Who am I?
Aang's image: [Korra's image ripples and is replaced by Aang's.] You are the Avatar.
Korra: I don't know what that is.
Roku's image: [Aang's image ripples and changes into Roku's.] In order to remember, you must regain your connection with your Avatar Spirit.
Kyoshi's image: [Roku's image ripples and changes into Kyoshi's.] If you don't, darkness will engulf the world. You will die, and our era will end.
Korra: How do I regain my connection?
Kuruk's image: [Kyoshi's image ripples and changes into Kuruk's.] Go back. [The camera slowly zooms out.] Return to the beginning. Find Raava. [Korra is pushed away from Kuruk by a strong current of water and bubbles. She frowns in discomfort as her body flips around, but the current quickly stops.]
Korra: [Turns around and sees Wan in front of a circle of light. Cut back to a frontal shot of Korra.] Are you Raava?
Wan's image: [Cut back to a frontal shot of Wan with the camera slowing moving in to a close-up of him.] No, but I can help you find her. My name is Wan, and I will show you how I became the first Avatar.
The scene transitions as the shot stays on a close up of Wan that becomes clearer. The background fades into a street and Wan is now running with a confident grin and a bag in his hand. Side-shot of three very similar looking brothers, one short, one medium sized, and one tall, each holding a guan dao glaive of a matching size as they chase after Wan.
Little Chou: [Raises his spear.] Nobody steals from the Chou brothers!
Wan: Really? Because I just did.
Big Chou: You're dead, Wan. [Wan jumps on a railing.]
Wan: [Wan turns around to salute the brothers mockingly before letting himself fall backward, off the railing.] Actually, I feel quite alive.
The Chou Brothers run up to the railing. Cut to a side-shot of a house. Wan drops in from above, face first, and grabs hold of a clothesline, which breaks his fall and swings him back up. Wan hides in an alcove as the Chou Brothers come crashing down screaming, tearing all the clotheslines down with them. Cut to the ground on which the three brothers land hard, a sheet floating down upon them. Wan lands on them to cushion his fall and runs away. Cut to a frontal shot of Wan running, a grin plastered on his face. Switch to a side-shot as Wan runs over a bridge, scaring a flock of birds in the process to take flight. The Chou Brothers run onto the bridge after him.
Little Chou: Hey, stop!
The birds drop droppings on the Chous, causing them to slide to a halt. Cut to a closer side-shot. The brothers, only their mouths uncovered, stare angrily to their side, toward the camera.
Cut to a shot of Wan dropping down on a roof. He jumps toward a wooden bar, around which he turns and somersaults off on the next roof. He runs it down, jumps on a lower located roof on which he tumbles. He jumps again to another roof, but starts to slow down to a walk. Cut to a downward angle of a balcony as Wan slides down the roof tiles of a last house and lands on the balcony. Cut to a closer shot on ground level as he sits down and rummages through the bag with his left hand, his tongue sticking out in anticipation. He pulls out a roll, but just as he is about to take a bite from it, Big Chou lands in front of the camera, and it zooms out from between his legs. Cut to a shot of Big Chou as his two brothers appear from behind him and it zooms out.
Wan: [The Chous catch up with Wan, who is seen in the reflection of Big Chou's blade.] He-he-hey, fellas! [Looks at his roll sadly for a moment.] You're just in time for lunch! [Throws a piece of food in Big Chou's face leaving a red mark on his nose and jumps over him, but is tripped by Middle Chou, subsequently falling on the ground.]
Little Chou: [Crouches down to Wan smiling.] I told you no one steals from us.
Big Chou takes Wan by the collar and easily lifts him in the air with one hand while glaring at him. Wan nervously laughs at him. Cut to a side-shot as a screaming Wan flies by, having been thrown off the wall. He disappears behind a tree. Cut to a side-shot of a pigsty. Wan comes flying in and lands in the mud, rousing the interest of a nearby standing moo-sow. He sits erect, disgustedly wiping the mud out of his face. Disheartedly, he looks to his right where the animal is sniffing at him.
Cut to an overview shot of the entire city slowly panning down. A tree house is visible among the tree branches of the surrounding forest. Cut to a closer shot of the city's houses panning down to the forest and eventually the tree house as Wan enters it. Switch to a view from the inside out, revealing a young man sitting on the ground on the left, watching Wan climb through the door.
Jaya: [Sighs while Wan walks in, digging into his shirt to take out some food.] Did you steal from the Chous again?
Wan: [Sadly.] Yeah, and I got to nothing show for it except a few dirty rolls and a whole lot of bruises. [Hands Jaya a roll. Jaya smiles and walks over to a figure who is shadowed.] Hey, Yao, I got some food for you. [A branch-like hand reaches out to grab the roll to reveal a disfigured old man who appears partly quasi-treelike. Yao eats the roll, closing his eyes and smiling in delight.]
Yao: Mmm. Delicious! [Open his eyes to Wan.] Thank you, Wan.
Cut to the previous shot with Jaya as two skunk squirrels, a peacock pigeon, and a woodpecker lizard enter the house as Wan sits down in front of them. Cut to a shot of the animals from over Wan's shoulder as they all look at him and his roll.
Wan: You guys are hungry too, huh? [Tears small pieces from his roll and feeds it to the animals, who all eat happily.]
Jaya: Wan, you should eat.
Wan: [Sighs.] They need it more than I do. [Crumbles the rest of the roll.] Besides, I'm tired of eating scraps. [Takes a cup and teapot from a nearby table and pours some tea for himself.] If only there was some way to get into the Chous' food cellar. We'd be eating like, well, like Chous.
Jaya: If Chou the Elder catches you sneaking into his palace, you'll end up dead. Or worse, he'll banish you to the Spirit Wilds.
Yao: No, don't get banished. [Wan and Jaya turn to Yao. Cut to Yao.] You don't want nothing to do with those spirits. They'll get inside ya, scramble up your mind, turn you into this [Motions to himself.], a monster! [Buries his face in his hands and turns away, forlorn.]
Jaya: Don't do anything crazy, Wan. You just gotta accept the world is the way it is. Some people have power. Some people don't. And you don't.
Wan: [Sips his tea and appears to be thinking. He looks away and smirks.] Not yet, anyway.
Cut to a partly aerial shot of the city square.
Huntsman: Are you strong? [Cut to a wide shot of the huntsman.] Are you fearless? Do you have what it takes to battle the spirits? Then join the hunt.
Wan: Count me in. [The camera pans right to reveal Wan raising his hand. Cut to an over the shoulder shot of the huntsman from behind Wan as the huntsman gives Wan a scrutinizing look, before laughing.]
Huntsman: We're going to be out in the wilds for a week. You wouldn't last two seconds.
Wan: [Smugly smirks and crosses arms.] I can handle myself. [Quickly drops the smug expression.] We all get fire, right?
Huntsman: Yeah, but do you know how to use it?
Wan: Well, not exactly, but I-
Hunter #2
[Walks into the frame and puts a hand on Wan's shoulder.] Ah, let him come. Not like we got any other volunteers lining up. [Cut back to the huntsman.]
Huntsman: [Smiles.] All right. Welcome to the hunt.
Cut to outside the city. Cut to a extreme wide shot of the city. The hunting party is walking up to the lion turtle. At a cliff, they stop, and the huntsman blows on his horn. The lion turtle emerges upon hearing the call.
Wan: [In awe.] The lion turtle.
Huntsman: Great guardian of our city, we are venturing into the Spirit Wilds to bring back food for our people. Please, grant us the power of fire.
Lion turtle: [Raises its claw.] The power is yours to keep until your return.
Huntsman: You're first, kid.
Lion turtle: May the element of fire protect you against the spirits.
Wan tests out his newly-received ability by punching in front of him. The blast he creates sends him tumbling backward. He comes to a stop among the other hunters while the head huntsman steps forward.
Huntsman: Just make sure you aim at the spirits, not us, okay?
Wan: Sure thing.
Huntsman: Everyone, stay close. Spirits love to pick off stragglers.
Wan: Uh, guys? [Trembling voice.] I don't think I can do this.
Huntsman: Now, quit your whining. We haven't even seen a spirit yet.
Wan: [Whining.] I think I wanna go home.
Huntsman: [Walks up to Wan.] I knew you were nothing but a sniveling coward. Go give your fire back to the lion turtle, [Shoves Wan back and turns around to continue on.] and don't ever show your face around me again.
Cut to a frontal shot of a sad-looking Wan with the hunting party leaving behind him. He looks after them over his shoulder, though as he faces forward again, the camera pans to the right with him and his frown shifts into a smirk. He walks away while slightly raising his right fist in confidence.
Scene cuts to a high angle shot of the tree house as Wan returns. A side-shot of the inside of the tree house where Jaya was playing Pai Sho with Yao.
Jaya: Wan, you're back.
Yao: [Rubbing his stomach.] What goodies did you snatch for us this time?
Cut to a front shot of Wan demonstrating his ability to firebend by extending his hand, causing a small flame to appear in his palm much to Jaya's surprise. Cut to a shot from Wan's point of views. Yao yelps in shock and crouches back into a corner, shielding himself. Wan closes his palm, extinguishing the flame.
Jaya: [Turns from surprise to accusing.] What did you do? You can't steal from the lion turtle.
Wan: [Frontal shot.] Really? [Smiles smugly.] Because I just did. [Grins.]
Cut to a frontal shot of the city at night. The camera pans down to find Wan and his friends as they make their way to the Chou estate.
Jaya: [Cut to a frontal shot of the group.] You know it's forbidden to bring the power of the element into the city. Please, go back to the lion turtle and return the fire.
Wan: Jaya, it's time to stop being so afraid of the Chous and show them we have the power to change things.
He takes out his mask from his bag and put it on. He turns to leave. The rest of the group follow his example, though their masks are all the same, save for Jaya's. Cut to a shot of the Chou family's palace, the group having gathered before its gates. The camera zooms in a bit and switches to a side-shot of the group as Wan steps forward.
Wan: Hey, Chous! Open the gate, and let us in.
Cut to a side-shot of the balcony with Chou the Elder walking toward the railing, his three sons in tow. He stops and looks down.
Chou the Elder: What are those filthy peasants [The brothers stop as well, a short distance behind their father.] doing here?
Big Chou: Don't worry father. We'll take care of them.
The Chou brothers turn around, leaving their father to continue to look down. The camera pans slightly to the right to follow the brothers' exit. Cut to a side-shot of Wan, as he lowers his head from looking up to looking to his front. Switch to a shot from over the group's head as the Chou brothers emerge from the palace's gates. The line up before the doors, which close immediately again.
Wan: [Points at them.] Hand over all the food you're hoarding, [Swipes his hand down, emphasizing his threat.] and we won't give you any trouble.
Big Chou: [Laughing with his brothers.] You're not getting past us. [Raises spear.] We have the weapons. [Points it toward Wan.] You're powerless.
Wan: [Frontal shot as Wan crosses his arms; smugly.] Powerless, huh?
Switch to a side-shot. The Chou brothers all raise their weapon toward the group and slide in a battle stance. As they charge the group, Wan raises both his hands and his left knee. He takes a good step forward and thrusts his hands toward the incoming brothers, firebending at them. The brothers jump out of the way to either side of the blast, sliding over the floor. The blast crashed against the palace's gate. Cut to a frontal shot from right after the gate as the fire consumes it and breaks it open, leaving the group standing right in front of the open door.
Wan: [Gestures to the others.] Follow me!
The group runs through the broken doors. Cut to an aerial shot as they reach the courtyard. Switch to a shot on ground level as Wan surges forward to breaks down the door to the food cellar with his firebending. As soon as the fire dies down, the other raiders run op to the now wide-open building.
Wan: [Gestures toward the door.] Grab as much food as you can. [The villagers all run inside the shed.]
Jaya: [Runs up to Wan.] Maybe you're right. [Wan turns to Jaya; the first raiders return with big bags swung over their shoulder.] Maybe we do have the power to change things.
Palace guard: Stop right there!
Wan turns to see over his right shoulder. Cut to an aerial shot of the Chou brothers approaching with ten armed guards.
Jaya: [Voice-over.] Looks like the Chous found backup.
Wan: [Frontal shot.] Get everyone out of here. I'll hold them off.
As Jaya turns to run with the other raiders, Wan surges forward. Cut to a side-shot of the two parties. Wan leaps forward and scatters the troops with a powerful firebending blast. He throws another blast to keep two soldiers at bay. Switch to a frontal shot of Wan as a soldier comes at him with his spear aimed at Wan's chest. Wan grabs hold of the weapon and uses it to turn and swing his attacker against Big Chou, who was standing behind him. He uses his own momentum to keep on turned and hurl the weapon away. As his back is turned to the camera, Little Chou seizes his moment and jumps onto Wan, clasping on tight. Cut to an aerial shot as Wan tries to toss his assailant. He firebends in a circle to keep the four people surrounding him at bay. He manages to throw Little Chou, though the guy held on to Wan's mask and took it with him. Cut to a ground shot of the smallest brother rolling over the ground. Little Chou comes to a halt. He sits up on his knees and immediately raises his hands in defeat.
Little Chou: No, please! Have mercy!
He looks up. Switch to his point of view to find that it is Wan looming over him with a fire ball readied in his right hand. Cut to a close-up of a shocked and surprised Little Chou.
Little Chou: Wan?
Cut back to the low angle shot of Wan. Wan's resolve wavers and he snuffs out the fire in his hand as well as the fiery circle surrounding them. As soon as the way is cleared again, Wan is instantly tackled to the ground by two guards jumping at him from his left. Cut to a still surprised Little Chou who regains his composure and gets to his feet. Cut to a further off shot of Wan being held and pulled to his feet. They are surrounded by the soldiers and the two other Chou brothers.
Little Chou: [Smugly.] Even when you have the power, [Crosses his arms and leans in toward Wan.] you're afraid to use it.
Cut to a close-up of Wan who angrily looks down on Little Chou, but slants his eyes to his left in a sad defeat.
Scene cuts to a far side-shot outside the city in front of the lion turtle as Wan, the Chous, and soldiers stand on the outcropping before it. Cut to a shot from behind Wan, who is held by his arms by a soldier standing on each side of him, with the Chou family standing in front of the lion turtle.
Chou the Elder: Tell me who else was involved in the rebellion, and I might take mercy on you.
Wan: [Close side-shot. The guard on the right slightly glances at Wan; defiantly.] I'm not telling you anything.
Chou the Elder: [Cut to a close-up side-shot of Chou the Elder with the camera moving slightly.] Then, you've left me no choice. [Closes his eyes. Cut to a ground shot of the humans.] Wan, you are hereby banished.
Little Chou: Yeah! [The guards start to push Wan toward the lion turtle.] And give back the fire you stole.
Wan: No! Wait. Great lion turtle, I am sorry for stealing the fire from you, and I accept my punishment. But please, I need to be able to protect myself in the wilds.
Lion turtle: [Cut to a frontal shot of the lion turtle.] Never again may you return to this city. [Cut to a side-shot of a depressed Wan.] But [Wan looks up to the lion turtle with hope.] I will allow you to keep the power of the element.
Cut to a back shot of Wan being shoved out of the city. He looks back at his city one more time before hanging his head in sadness and walks away to the Spirit Wilds as the sun sets. Scene shifts to the walls as Yao and Jaya watch.
Yao: [Sadly.] Bet he doesn't last [Jaya turns and looks at Yao.] till morning.
Cut to a panning left shot of Wan walking down a path in the forest far in the background, the camera looking between two tree trunks in the foreground. Wan nervously hikes along and flings fire at any spirit he thinks is a threat. He backs up into a tree and hears a shrill voice.
Frog spirit: Hey, [Wan shivers in fear and quickly waves his fire around to see who the voice is.] watch where you're stepping, human!
Wan: Who said that?
Frog spirit: Down here! [Wan looks down. Cut to a shot of Wan's foot as a small blue frog slides out from under it.] How'd you like it if I started walking all over you?
Wan: [Cut back to Wan who sighs in relief.] You're just a little frog.
Frog spirit: [Grows in size much to Wan's shock. In a deep voice.] Who's little now? [Tries to stomp Wan with his foot but Wan dodges it in time.]
Wan runs off screaming as the frog spirit tries to whip him with his tongue. Cut to Wan as he looks back as he walks backward to a Venus flytrap. The plant suddenly eats him. It lifts its mouth while Wan tries to get out of there by punching through but to no avail. He finally gets out by firebending inside the flytrap's mouth that burps him out, along with a large cloud of smoke, and Wan quickly runs away. Cut to a shot of the dark night sky before tilting down to the tree tops. Three green, tadpole-like spirits fly past the camera before the shot pans to ground level. A tiny green spirit with a puffball body, bird-like legs, and a long beak lands on the ground and jumps off camera. In the background, Wan runs into view and falls down on his back, catching his breath. Cut to a shot of Wan from above as he collapses on the grass out of exhaustion. Much to Wan's surprise, the grass underneath him appears to be alive and swiftly wraps itself around him, dragging him into the ground. He narrowly escapes with firebending, scorching a patch of the grass, frantically climbs out, and runs off while panicking. Scene shifts to the sky as night turns into day. Scene shifts to a close-up of a sleepless and weary Wan. His appearance haggard, covered in dirt and having dark circles under his eyes from a lack of sleep. He is visibly shaken, looking left and right for any signs of danger. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan's lower body from the side as he trudges onward. He stops once his stomach growls and makes his way over to a tree that he believes to be carrying fruit. He tries eating it only to discover that it is a nest of hornets.
Wan: [Surrounded by buzzing hornets; running in zig-zags all over the place.] Get off me! Get off me!
Wan runs directly at the camera. Cut to a shot of his back as he runs away and right off a cliff. Cut to a side-shot of the cliff as Wan is painfully tumbling it down. He is thrown off an outcropping and falls further down. Cut to a shot on ground level as he slides to a halt, groaning and looking all disheveled. As he looks up, he sees a peaceful looking oasis with fruit trees. He walks over to it, but as he attempts to cross the bridge, a spirit appears out of nowhere in front of him and shoves him back.
Aye-aye spirit: [Crosses his arms.] You are not welcome in my oasis, human.
Wan: Please, help me. I'm starving and I haven't slept all night.
Aye-aye spirit: Not my problem.
Wan: [Firebends at the spirit.] Let me pass. [The spirit widens his eyes in surprise for a moment before turning angry.]
Aye-aye spirit: You dare use fire against me? [Spirit blinks out of sight only to reappear behind Wan with a mocking face and grabs him.] Now, be gone with you!
Throws Wan to a bush. Wan walks out of the bush with the aye-aye spirit blinking while looking annoyed, followed by an uninterested expression as the spirit walks away. Wan hangs his head in defeat and walks away. Cut to a side-shot of Wan as he walks away depressed. Wan turns to the screen with a confused look for a moment which changes to one of surprise. Cut to a partly aerial shot of a parade of spirits marching in. Wan hides in a bush in fear. Cut to a aerial shot of the spirit parade going to the oasis. Cut to a shot of the spirits relaxing. Cut to a shot of Wan's surprised face. He smiles as an idea forms. He emerges from the bush disguised as a bush spirit, joining in an attempt to enter the oasis. Cut to a shot of the aye-aye as the spirits pass by the camera in the foreground. Wan approaches the spirit. The aye-aye spirit narrows his eyes at Wan in suspicion.
Aye-aye spirit: And who might you be?
Wan: [Overly dramatic.] I am Bushy, the Bush Spirit. And I would like the enter your oasis.
Aye-aye spirit: [Raises a eyebrow puzzled.] Very well. [Motions toward the oasis.] You may pass. [As Wan walks by, the spirit widens his eyes in surprise and sniffs.] Wait a second. [Grabs Wan's head.] Something stinks. [Pulls off Wan's mask.] I knew I smelled a human!
Wan's face turns blue and sweats nervously before shrugging nervously with a very big, sheepish grin. The camera quickly zooms out. The aye-aye spirit picks up Wan and throws him in the water.
Wan: [Cut to a shot of Wan sitting in the water, soaked, as his disguise scatters.] Come on, let me in, just for a little while.
Aye-aye spirit: No! Go back to your lion turtle.
Wan: Believe me, I'd love to go back home. But I can't. I was kicked out.
Friendly spirit #1
That's too bad.
Friendly spirit #2
Poor human.
Aye-aye spirit: Don't pity him. He's just like every other human: ugly, destructive, and lacking any respect for nature.
Wan: Who are you calling ugly, Ugly?
Aye-aye spirit: [Cut to the aye-aye spirit who looks surprised for a moment with the other spirits turning and looking at him before frowning in annoyance.] Mmm.
Friendly spirit #1
If you can't go back to your city, then you should go live in another one.
Wan: [Shocked.] What? There are other lion turtles?
Aye-aye spirit: [Mockingly.] "There are other lion turtles?" [Angrily.] Of course there are, [Spreads his arms to make his point.] dozens of them! Boy, you humans are stupid, too.
Wan: So which way to the nearest lion turtle city?
Aye-aye spirit: [Pretends to be thinking.] Hmm. I think it's on the other side of none-of-your-business valley. [Laughs at his own joke, looking to the other spirits for approval. Cut to Wan frowning in irritation.]
Wan: Real funny. You know what? I don't need your help. I'll find it myself.
Turns around and walks away. Cut to in front of Wan with the spirits on the bridge in the background. Wan takes a few steps and suddenly falls into a deeper part of the pond, disappearing from view. One of the kind spirits, a tall green one with four arms, a white, mask like face, and leaves for hair, waves goodbye.
Friendly spirit #2
[Waves his hand.] Good luck!
Dissolves to a far wide shot of Wan, who keeps walking until he comes across a cat deer caught in a net. Wan, intent on cooking the animal, produces a flame in each hand, but decides against this idea as he approaches the animal, who is giving him a sad and pleading stare.
Wan: [Sighs. Cut to a shot from the side as Wan walks toward the cat deer as it growls once more.] It's okay. I'm gonna get you out of there.
Cut to a high angle shot as Wan climbs the tree to cut down the net that is holding the cat deer. However, before he can take action, the four hunters he was supposed to join earlier arrive.
Huntsman: Finally, we caught something. [Motions toward the cat deer.] Get it down.
He and the hunters start jogging toward it. Wan steps out from behind the tree trunk and onto the branch. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan from the front.
Wan: Back off.
Huntsman: Wan? What are you doing here?
Wan: I'm saving this animal.
Huntsman: That animal's our dinner. Now, get out of the way.
Wan: No!
Wan jumps out of the tree while firebending at the hunters and a chase through the Spirit Wilds commences, with Wan using the many dangers of the forest to his advantage.
Hunter #3
Ahh! He-help! Help! [He is dragged under by living grass.]
Wan runs past a tree with hornet nests, grabs two, and flings them at the hunters: Hunter #4
[Swarmed by insects.] Get 'em off! Get 'em off! [He is dragged off into the air.] Ahh!
Wan runs on, evading the fire blasts the last two remaining hunters throw at him, until he is hit. The force of the blast catapults him in the air, where he smacks against a branch and falls barely conscious on the ground, enabling his pursuers to catch up witch him.
Huntsman: Well, looks like you're all out of tricks, Wan.
The aye-aye spirit appears behind the huntsman and possesses the second hunter, who starts partially transforming into the spirit's likeness.
Aye-aye spirit: I. Really. Hate. Humans!
Huntsman: [Is assaulted by his possessed comrade.] No, no! [Runs away screaming.]
The aye-aye spirit leaves the hunter's body. The man groans, but upon noticing his deformed hands, starts feeling up his face. Realizing he now looks partly like an aye-aye, he runs away screaming as well. The aye-aye behind him watches him go with a uninterested look.
Aye-aye spirit: I don't know what he's screaming about. [Picks up Wan.] He's better looking now.
The aye-aye spirit carries Wan back to the oasis and places him in spirit water, which heals Wan's wounds.
Wan: I feel great. What's in this water?
Aye-aye spirit: It has special healing properties.
Wan: [Friendly spirit #2 hands Wan a piece of fruit.] Thanks. [Wan takes a bite out of the fruit.] So what did you do to that hunter?
Aye-aye spirit: Spirits are able to take over a human body for a short time. If I stayed in there any longer, I would've killed him, which I did consider.
Wan: Thanks for saving my neck. But why'd you do it?
Aye-aye spirit: I saw you save the cat deer from those hunters. I've never seen such an act of selflessness from a human before.
Wan: Told you I wasn't like the others. [Pets Mula and stands up.]
Aye-aye spirit: Guess I underestimated you, human.
Friendly spirit #2
Are you off to find another lion turtle city?
Wan: I was. But I think I've had enough of humans for a while. I've decided to stay here and learn the ways of the spirits.
Friendly spirit #1
What a great idea.
Friendly spirit #2
That'll be fun.
Aye-aye spirit: Oh, now, now, hold on. A human living with spirits? It's never been done.
Wan: First time for everything, right?
Aye-aye spirit: Hmm. I guess we can try it. I've never had a human as a pet before. I think I'll call you "Stinky."
Wan: The name is Wan.
Aye-aye spirit: Stinky is more accurate.
Scene shifts to the fire lion turtle city's square as the huntsman returns alone.
Citizen #1
What happened in the wilds?
Citizen #2
Where are the others?
Huntsman: Gone. Spirits took them. [As the huntsman speaks, the camera zooms out to reveal Jaya and Yao watching in the foreground. Cut to a shot of the two from the front, looking amazed.] They were protecting that kid, Wan, like he was one of their own.
Jaya: [To Yao.] Did you hear that? [Yao turns slightly to Jaya, who smiles.] Wan's still alive.
Cut to a shot of a white dragon flying in the air in a figure-eight motion. It swoops downward and the camera follows it toward ground level. Wan is firebending and performing the Dancing Dragon technique, moving toward the right of the camera as the dragon flies right. Wan's spirit friends are in the background, including the giant frog spirit. They clap and cheer for Wan as he moves out of frame. Cut to a medium shot of Wan continuing the form, with the dragon flying in the background. Wan turns and bends fire at the camera, while at the same time the dragon swoops at the camera. The dragon's body fills the frame and once it passes, the scene transitions to a shot of an older Wan, his hair now longer and hanging, and with a scruff of hair on his chin. He is in a battle stance in front of the oasis. Cut to a view of Wan's back, showing the hunters standing on the other side of the bridge, whom Wan wards off by redirecting their fire.
Huntsman: [Voice-over.] And the way Wan moves fire, it's like nothing I've ever seen. [Cut to a close up frontal shot of the amazed huntsman.] He uses it like it's an extension of his body.
The huntsman frowns and readies to attack. Side-shot of the hunters as they throw their fire. Camera follows the fire as it reaches Wan who redirects it and throws it to the ground near the hunters, making them fall over. They stand up and run away. Cut to Wan standing in front of the oasis. The spirits show up and gather around him cheering. Wan downs cup of tea given to him by one of the spirits in victory.
Cut to a side-view of the fire lion turtle city.
Jaya: [Voice-over.] Wan has proved that with the power of fire, anyone can survive in the wilds. [Cut to an older Jaya with a short beard and mustache and Yao standing before a crowd of townspeople in the foreground in the forest outside the city.] We don't have to live under Chou the Elder's rules anymore, so I say we leave this city and start over. [Raises fist.] Who's with me?
The crowd cheers. Dissolve to a far panning left shot from the side of the lion turtle. They all receive firebending from the lion turtle before leaving toward the Spirit Wilds.
Cut to Wan at the Spirit Oasis. The cat deer has a traveling pack and a saddle. Wan scratches its neck, and it tilts its head and purrs.
Wan: [Mounts Mula.] You ready to go, Mula?
Aye-aye spirit: You sure you want to leave?
Wan: Yes. It's time I see the rest of the world and find the other lion turtle cities.
Aye-aye spirit: I'm proud to call you my friend, Stinky.
Wan: [Chuckles lightly.] Thank you for everything. [Cut to an aerial shot of the oasis; voice-over.] Goodbye, everyone.
Friendly spirit #1
[Voice-over.] We'll miss you.
Wan rides away from the oasis. Cut to several nature scenes through which Wan travels, covering the passage of a day, until he reaches a stream where he encounters a parade of spirits running away in the same direction.
Random spirit #1
The all-powerful spirits are battling!
Random spirit #2
They're gonna wipe out the entire valley!
Wan goes to investigate what is causing the stampede. He reaches a clearing where two large spirits, a black and a white one, are locked in battle, destroying their surroundings as they go. Wan runs up to them and firebends at them, drawing the spirits' attention.
Wan: Stop, or you'll destroy everything!
Raava: This doesn't concern you, human!
Wan: It does when the lives of spirits and animals are in danger.
Vaatu: If you're a friend to spirits, then use your fire to help me break free.
Raava: Don't involve the human. This is between us.
Vaatu: Please, save me. She has tormented me for ten thousand years.
Wan: [In awe.] Ten thousand years? [Confidently.] Let him go!
Wan firebends at the spirits, but is tossed aside by Raava. As he emerges out of the bushes again, he notices that the two spirits are only connected with one another by one tentacle. He firebends at that connection, severing it. As soon as they're separated, Vaatu flies away to rest atop a nearby mountain, while Raava screams and shrinks slightly.
Vaatu: Thank you, human. You have performed a great service for the spirits. [Flies away.]
Raava: [Frontal shot of Mula and a confused-looking Wan; voice-over.] Do you realize what you've done?
Wan: Yeah, I helped a spirit who was being bullied by you.
Raava: You are gravely mistaken. I was keeping him under control.
Wan: [Angry.] And what gives you the right?
Raava: You don't even know who I am, do you?
Wan: Should I?
Raava: Yes. My name is Raava. [Close-up of Wan's surprised face; voice-over.] That spirit you freed is Vaatu. [Side-shot.] He is the force of darkness and chaos. I am the force of light and peace. Since the beginning of time, we have battled over the fate of this world. [Side-shot of Wan; voice-over.] And for the past ten thousand years, I have kept darkness under control and the world in balance, [Leans into view, closer to Wan, who looks down in shame.] until you came along.
Wan: [Remorseful.] So, by freeing Vaatu, I let chaos into the world?
Raava: [Sharply.] Precisely. The human and spirit realms are headed toward annihilation, [Close- side-shot of Wan's head; voice-over.] and it's all your fault.
Korra: [The side-shot moves to the right, changing to one of Korra, who still lies in the water.] Raava. [Switch to an aerial shot.] I found you.
Cut to credits.