The scene opens an open field, where Naga jumps and catches a ball with her mouth before making her way to Korra. As Naga drops the ball in front of Korra, she airbends the ball away from the airship, getting Naga to fetch it back.
Lin: While you're playing fetch, four of the most dangerous criminals are hunting you down. We should get moving.
Korra: Relax, we just got here. Besides, no one knows where I am except us. [As Naga returns and drops the ball, Korra pats her.] I think she wants you to throw it for her.
Cut to a close-up of Lin, who looks down. Cut to the saliva and grass-coated ball with Naga's whining heard in the background. Cut back to Lin, who keeps looking down for a few seconds before glancing at Korra.
Lin: I'll pass, thanks.
Asami: We just got a call from the radio about another airbender.
Korra: Finally! Where are they?
Mako: A city called Zaofu, [Lin visibly becomes uneasy and uncomfortable.] the home of the Metal Clan.
Korra: You know the place?
Lin: [Uneasily. Looks to the side.] Uhh ... Never been there. [Folds her arms.] But I don't want you going there. I would rest a lot easier if you were back at Republic City.
Korra: Sorry, if there's an airbender in Zaofu, then that's where we are going next.
Lin glares to the side and puts her head down in disappointment. Naga bends down and nudges the ball over to Lin with her nose. The metalbender regards the polar bear dog for a moment before bending out her cable and slapping it against the ball, thereby puncturing it and causing it to deflate as she leaves. Naga is left upset after Lin bursts it using her cables. Naga looks down at the deflated ball and lowers herself down, pawing at it, attempting to roll it on the ground. She makes a sad whining noise and her tail sags. The scene shifts to an aerial view of the plains he police airship, flying through the clouds and over the city of Zaofu. As the clouds past, a huge gleaming city made entirely out of metal in the shape of a lotus flower is seen. There are smaller metal flowers around the city too.
Bolin: [Excitedly.] Wow! Wow! Wow! [Cut to the dashboard of the ship as all four amazed teenagers look out the windows.] An entire city made of metal! Wohoho, [Turns and looks at Lin.] you should feel right at home, Beifong.
Lin is seated on a bench far away from the windows with her arms crossed. Naga and Pabu are near her.
Lin: [Unexcited.] Hmm ...
Cut to a close-up of Korra, who appears to be a little unhappy at Lin's behavior and pouts at her. Camera pans out to the landing pad of the city. The police airship proceeds to land at one of the stations controlled by metalbenders. A metalbender uses and bends a string of cable out of the crane and it loops itself around a hook under the airship to connect the metal cable to the airship. Two other metalbenders subsequently bend and build an intricate stairway for the airship's passengers. Cut to the interior, where Bolin runs out excitedly, while the rest of Team Avatar walks out calmly. Lin is slumped on the seat and still seated in the background, uninterested.
Bolin: Yeah!
Asami: [Stops and turns to Lin.] Aren't you coming?
Lin: What's there to see? It's metal. Big whoop. Just find the airbender and let's get moving. Don't tell anyone I'm here.
Korra: Why not?
Lin: I don't need to explain myself to you. [Points to the team.] Just do what I say.
Korra: [Annoyed.] Fine. [Rolls her eyes and walks away.] You got it, Chief Crankypants.
Team Avatar exits the airship, where they are greeted by a man in green and yellow robes and two Metal Clan escorts.
Aiwei: Avatar Korra. It is an honor to meet you. [Bows with his hands clasped.] My name is Aiwei.
Korra: [Bows back.] Thanks for having us.
Aiwei: [Gestures his hand to the group.] Is this everyone?
Korra: [Looks behind.] Yup. [Looks back at Aiwei.] Just us. So, can I meet the new airbender?
Aiwei: [Speaks a little stiffly.] Of course, [Gestures his palm out.] right this way.
Aiwei gestures for Team Avatar to follow him. The escorts close the gate after them and they descend down the dock. Cut to Air Temple Island, followed by the inside of the dining hall.
Ikki: [Addressing two new airbenders.] And this is the Air Acolyte dining hall where everyone eats. And this is Daw. [Daw stops eating and turns around to look at them.] He's a new airbender too, [Puts his utensils down.] like you guys.
Daw: [Drops his bowl and airbends up. Bows down.] It's so nice to meet you. How exciting. New friends.
Zaheer: [Off-screen.] Excuse me, hello? [He opens a door to the side, a hood covering his face.] My name is Yorru. [Pushes down his hood and enters the hall with a bald head and clean shaven face.] I heard this is the place to come for if you're a new airbender.
Meelo: You got that right, stranger.
Zaheer: Well, a couple of weeks ago, I woke up and suddenly I can do this. [Bends out a small vortex on his palm.]
Ikki: [Excitedly.] Mom! [Pema and Kya, who are seated in the background, glance over.] Aunt Kya! [Raises both arms with glee.] We got another one!
Cut to Zaheer, who smiles at his successful deception. The scene shifts to an aerial shot of Zaofu, followed by the city, where a tram passes by. Cut to the interior of the tram, where Team Avatar and Aiwei are, while Bolin looks out excitedly.
Aiwei: [As the tram passes a statue of Toph Beifong.] That statue honors the first metalbender, Toph Beifong, who expanded the possibilities of what benders were capable of. Here, everyone is encouraged to reach his, or her, highest potential.
Bolin: [Excitedly.] Does Toph live here? Are we going to get to meet her?
Aiwei: I'm afraid not. [Bolin sighs and droops his arms down. Cut to Aiwei.] She would visit from time to time, but years ago she left to wander the world, in search of enlightenment. [The team looks a little downcast and the tram is shrouded in darkness as it enters a tunnel.] No one has seen her since. [Cut to an aerial view of the rail line as the tram makes its way to another metal flower.]
The tram continues its path and heads for the edge of Zaofu, stopping at the terminal. Cut to an aerial shot of the city's edge.
Korra: Wow. Is this where the airbender lives?
Aiwei: Yes. But first, her mother wants to meet you.
Cut to the dance studio, where eight dancers are rehearsing on a flattened metal lotus flower. They fire metal cables to the ceiling, and four of them swing upward before landing, while the four bottom dancers bend the petals for their team-mates to land on. The dancers bounce from petal to petal, before jumping to the middle, where the flower closes. The dancers open the flower, where the inside dancers pose with graceful poise.
Korra: Is this some kind of combat training?
Aiwei: Not exactly, they are rehearsing for a dance premiere next month.
Suyin: [Turns to see Team Avatar, claps to her dancers.] That's it for today everyone. [She walks up to the Team.]
Aiwei: Allow me to introduce the matriarch of the Metal Clan, Suyin.
Suyin: Please call me Su. [Presses a fist into her palm as a greeting.] Great to finally meet you, Avatar Korra. [Camera pans out to the rest of the Team and Korra is bowing too.] And this must be Mako, Bolin, and Asami.
Mako: You've done your research.
Suyin: I make it my business to know who's visiting my city.
Korra: So, you're a dancer.
Suyin: [Pulling out a finger with every stated profession.] Dancer. Leader. Wife. Mother. Collector of rare meteorites. You'll find people here have many skills and interests. [Aiwei leans into Suyin's ear and whispers to her, causing her eyes to widen and she glances at him. After Aiwei moves away from Suyin, she turns and narrows her eyes with suspicion on the group unhappily.] Korra, why did you lie when Aiwei asked if there was anyone else with you? [Cut to Korra who is surprised. Behind her, Bolin claps a hand over his mouth nervously.]
Korra: [Surprised.] What? I, uh, I didn't. I mean ...
Bolin: Oh ...
Korra: How did you know I was lying?
Aiwei: I'm a truth seer. When people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase. [Camera pans across Team Avatar who are bewildered.] I can sense the most subtle of changes.
Suyin: Thanks to Aiwei, there are no secrets in our city.
Korra: [Relents remorsefully.] We came with Republic City's Chief of Police. She didn't want anyone to know she was here. I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
Suyin: [Surprised and excitedly.] Lin's here? Well, I would love to say hello.
Korra: Wait, you two know each other?
Suyin: You're joking, right? [There's silence from the teens as they stare at each other awkwardly. A hurt Suyin sighs and looks to the side sadly.] Lin never told you about me.
Korra: No. Why would she?
Suyin: I'm Lin's sister.
Team Avatar listens to the news with surprise and disbelief. Cut to the police airship, where Lin looks at Zaofu, before the scene focuses on her reflection.
Korra: [Off-screen.] I found out [Lin turns back in alarm.] why you're so against coming here. [View changes to show the Team and Suyin, now in her Zaofu attire, on the ship.] Why didn't you ever tell me you had a sister?
Lin: Half-sister.
Suyin: Same mom, different dads, so what? [Puts her hand over her heart.] We're blood, Lin, and after thirty years, the least you could do is say "hello".
Lin: [Bitterly.] I have nothing to say to you.
Camera angle changes to a close-up of an angry Lin. The blurred background clears up with the rest of the party looking sad. Korra is a little annoyed. Fade to black and back to a view of Lin's police airship on the hangar bay.
Korra: [Off-screen.] You two haven't spoken in thirty years? How come? [View changes to the inside of the ship with the Beifong sisters.]
Suyin: Ask her, I've tried.
Lin: Oh, don't put that on me. [Lin points a finger to Su and her sister places her arms akimbo.] You're the one who tore our family apart.
Suyin: [Smugly and sarcastically.] And you've done a bang up job keeping it that way.
Lin: You haven't changed one bit, have you?
Suyin: Look, we can stay here arguing about the past all day, but that's not reason the Avatar came here. [To Korra.] My daughter is thrilled to meet you.
Korra: Lin, your niece is the new airbender! Isn't that amazing?
Lin: [Blankly.] Yeah. Terrific.
Cut to a field with metal columns, where a metal disc ricochets between, with a player on each side.
Suyin: Those are my two youngest, Wei and Wing. They're playing a game called Power Disc. They invented it all on their own.
Wing shoots the disc to Wei, who redirects it, ricocheting it between multiple columns. Wei fires the disc back, ricocheting against a column. Wing leaps to intercept the disc, but fails to catch it, which slams onto a net.
Suyin: Oh, nice power, Wei.
Wei: [As Wing pounds his hands and grumbles at his defeat.] Ha! Wing goes down!
Suyin: I'm so proud of those two. [The group walks away. Cut to the group heading to a gallery filled with metal sculptures, where a sculptor works on one with metalbending.] Huan, I'd like you to meet the Avatar and her friends. And your Aunt Lin.
Korra: Nice to meet you.
Huan: [Without looking back.] Hey. [Korra looks confused.]
Bolin: Wow, that's a really nice ... banana? Yes, very, very lifelike.
Huan: [Cut to Huan's back view. Sighs. Turns to Bolin and speaks irritably.] It's not a banana! It was inspired by Harmonic Convergence; represents the dawning of a New Age. [Bitterly.] Obviously.
Bolin: Oh, yeah, no, uh, I can, I can totally see that. [Mako and Asami look amused in the background and they start walking off. Forms a frame with his fingers.] I can, oh, let me stand here. Yes, I can see that now. Yes. Thank you. [Walks off, speaking away in a mocking fashion.] Banana. [Whispers to Mako.] I mean, that's a banana right?
Cut to a view of a mountain and the camera pans down to the group walking toward a slightly younger teenaged lady reading a book on a bench.
Suyin: And this is my daughter, Opal.
Opal: [Turns toward the guests.] Wow, Avatar Korra. [Stands up.] I can't believe you're here. You are so amazing.
Korra: It's great to meet you, Opal.
Bolin: Opal. That's a beautiful name.
Opal: [Blushes and pushes some hair behind her ear.] Thanks.
Bolin: I'm Bolin. [Extends a hand out.]
Opal: Opal. [Shakes Bolin's hand.] But, uh, you already knew that.
Korra glances back and forth between the two with amused curiosity. Bolin looks off awkwardly while Lin storms toward them.
Lin: Great. We've found the airbender. Let's take her back to the airship and get out of here.
Suyin: And the woman apparently trying to abduct you is your aunt Lin.
Opal: Really? I've always wanted to meet you. My mom has told so many stories about you.
Lin: [Annoyed and coldly.] I'm sure she has. [Opal looks confused by Lin's behavior.]
Suyin: So I've set all of you up in the guesthouses while Korra trains Opal.
Korra: Oh, I'm sorry. But I was hoping she could train with the rest of the airbenders at the Northern Temple.
Opal: That sounds amazing.
Suyin: Nonsense. This is where Opal's home and family are. You can train her here.
Korra: I guess I could help her get started.
Lin: Absolutely not! We're leaving.
Korra: She's just a little worried because there's a bunch of crazy criminals after me.
Suyin: If you're concerned about security, don't be. This is the safest city in the world. [Lin rolls her eyes in annoyance.] Now I'll see you all at dinner. And come hungry. My chef will blow the taste buds right out of your mouth.
Korra: Why do you have such a problem with your sister? She seems nice. [Lin glares at her.] Come on, we can stay a little while. [Lin seethes while looking to the side and growling.]
Cut to the garden, where Opal and Korra are standing.
Korra: Okay. Let's see what you've got.
Opal: [Unsure.] I'm not very good.
Korra: That's okay. I've never been a teacher before, so we're in the same boat. [Airbending stance.] You'd want to keep your elbows in, torso straight, feet just skimming the ground. Why don't you try it with me?
Opal follows Korra's movements and they circle each other. Soon, both bend out a stream of air which circles them, and they continue their movement.
Korra: Woah. You're a natural.
Opal: You really think so? Thanks.
Cut to an overhead shot of the duo training, which fades to a shot of the airbending gates of Air Temple Island. A female airbender slams against the gates before tumbling out. She rubs her head as Meelo, Daw, Zaheer, and another male airbender look on.
Meelo: [Sternly.] You call yourself an airbender? Disgraceful!
Meelo sternly points to the gates, prompting Daw to run in with no greater success.
Meelo: [Leaning over a prone Daw.] Be the leaf!
Daw: But, I don't even know what that means.
Zaheer calmly walks past them, causing the duo to look up curiously. He somersaults through the front panels and avoids every other gate. The rest of the group look on in surprise as Kya walks up to them. Cut to Zaheer who nimbly avoids the gates, before somersaulting through the final gates. Zaheer turns and clasps his hands in respect.
Meelo: Now, that man is a leaf.
Zaheer: A student is only [Bows.] as good as his master.
Meelo bows respectfully back to Zaheer.
Kya: Great news! I just got a message from Tenzin. He's with a whole group of other airbenders at the Northern Temple and he wants all of you to join them. [Daw and the two other new airbenders smile at the news.] We leave first thing in the morning.
Zaheer: And the Avatar is with him?
Kya: [Slightly confused.] No. Apparently she had to split off from Tenzin.
Zaheer: [Disappointed.] That's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to meeting her.
Cut back to Zaofu at night, where the metal panels surrounding the city close. The scene changes to the dining area.
Chef: Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad.
Suyin: Stunning.
The chef bows before walking off, where he bows to Baatar as they cross paths.
Baatar: [As Baatar Jr. walks past him with a stack of paperwork.] Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office. I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel.
Suyin: Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration.
Baatar: You're the best!
Suyin: [To Korra.] That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son. He engineers all my husband's projects.
Lin: Five kids. What a nightmare.
Suyin: No, no. My children are a blessing.
Lin: Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it.
Bolin: Mmmm. I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendrils", [Laughs.] but this is delicious.
Opal: [Laughs.] I know, right. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life.
Bolin: Oh. I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets. [Opal looks at him sympathetically.] I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be.
Opal: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Bolin: No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past. Things are great now. I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation.
Opal: [Envious.] Wow. Your life sounds so exciting.
Suyin: How's your search for the new airbenders going?
Korra: Honestly, not great. We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen.
Suyin: Oh, she's horrible. She thinks she can just do whatever she wants.
Lin: Sounds familiar.
Suyin: What?
Lin: Nothing.
Suyin: I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated. Don't you agree, Korra?
Korra: I ... I haven't really thought about it too much.
Suyin: Well, you should start. The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside.
Lin: [Sarcastically.] Hey, everyone. My little sister is an expert on world affairs now.
Suyin: You want to talk about what's really bugging you? Because I'm right here!
Lin glares bitterly at her sister before turning away. Cut to Varrick and Zhu Li, who enter the hall.
Varrick: Sorry we're late, everyone.
Bolin: [Gasps, excitedly.] Varrick!
Asami: What are you doing here?
Varrick: Great question, Asami. I mean, what are any of us doing here? Wow, food for thought. Any who, how's our company doing?
Asami: You mean my company. Future Industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the President.
Varrick: Allegedly plotted to abduct the President. Never convicted.
Mako: Uh, that's because you escaped prison.
Varrick: No, the universe decided to set me free. So, I looked up my old friend Suyin here, pitched her a few ideas, [Smacks the table.] and bam! We're in business together.
Suyin: Varrick's heading up my new technology division.
Varrick: [Dramatically.] I've seen the future, and the future is, magnets! I'm working on a high speed rail that would revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it. But that's not all, I'm-
Lin: [Snaps.] All right, enough! [Stands.] I'm trying to keep the Avatar safe and you're harboring a criminal?
Suyin: Ease out, Lin. Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life. My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. People change.
Lin: [Points her finger accusingly.] You haven't. [Walks off, throwing the chair aside.]
Korra: Lin!
Lin exits the hall, firing her cable to slam the door. Cut to the bathroom, where Mako is styling his hair, while Bolin brushes his teeth.
Mako: So, you and Opal seemed to hit it off dinner. I think she's really into you.
Bolin: Yeah, I know. She's sweet and pretty and super nice. Too bad she's not my type.
Mako: Right, I forgot. Your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess.
Bolin: [Spits out his toothpaste.] You know, that really hurts a little bit. Right ... [Presses a fist to his chest.] here. [Looks at mirror, adjusting his hair.] Maybe you're right, bro. Maybe Opal is Bolin material. Thanks. [Flirts with his reflection.] Yeah!
Cut to Suyin's study, where Korra admires a model of Zaofu.
Suyin: You know, before I built this city, there was nothing here. I wanted to make my mark on the world.
Korra: It's amazing. Thank you for being so welcoming. And I'm sorry for how Lin's been acting. Can I ask what happened with you two?
Suyin: It's complicated. We didn't have a normal childhood. Neither of us knew our fathers and Toph was always busy being Chief of Police. Because mom grew up in such a strict household, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths.
Korra: That sounds like a good thing.
Suyin: And in a way it was. But we both ended up fighting for mom's attention. Lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop. I was ... more of a rebel. Mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out. When I was sixteen, I left home to explore the world. [Pan to show Suyin's various collections and photographs.] I sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for a while, and lived in a sandbender commune in a desert. It took me a while, but, I finally realized what I was looking for was a family. So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home.
Korra: It sounds like you've created the perfect life here.
Suyin: [Downcast.] Almost. I've always wanted Lin to be a part of it, but I gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around.
Korra looks away sympathetically. Cut to a pavilion, where Opal is training her airbending.
Bolin: [Flirting.] Hey, lady. Wow, you really blowin' me away with your airbending. [Pretends to airbend.] Ahhh, woo-woosh, psst.
Opal: Why are you acting weird?
Bolin: Why are you acting weird?
Opal: I don't like how you're talking to me. [Walks off.]
Bolin: [Chases after Opal.] Look, I'm sorry. I just get really self-conscious when I know when a girl likes me, and I-I end up looking stupid.
Opal: Who said I liked you?
Bolin: Oh no. But I though ... Mako said-
Opal: Just kidding. But, do me a favor and stop trying. [Bolin looks crestfallen.] Look, don't stop trying. Just stop trying so much. Just be yourself.
Bolin: Huh. Be myself. Yeah, I guess I can give that a shot.
Bolin and Opal look at each other romantically. Korra clears her throat to make her presence known.
Opal: Oh, hey Korra.
Korra: Can I steal you away from Bolin for a minute? I need you help with something.
Opal walks off with Korra, bidding farewell to Bolin on the way. Cut to Air Temple Island, where Zaheer walks into Tenzin's study. He looks at a small shrine of an Air Nomad and takes the amulet, with a sculpting of Guru Laghima. He opens the amulet to read the inside inscription.
Zaheer: "Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind."
Ikki: What are you doing? No one's allowed in Daddy's study except Daddy.
Zaheer: I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep.
Ikki: What were you reading?
Zaheer: A poem by Guru Laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived.
Kya: [Walks in, interrupting the two of them.] Ikki, you should be in bed. C'mon.
Ikki: Night.
Zaheer: Good night.
Kya: [Suspicious.] You seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending.
Zaheer: I've always admired the culture.
Kya: And you moved through those gates like a natural. Where did you say you were from?
Zaheer: A small village up north. You've probably never heard of it.
Kya: Wait. [Her eyes shoot open as she realizes who he really is.] Zaheer!
Kya bends the water in the fountain and directs it at Zaheer, who blasts it off with airbending. Kya bends the water around her and shoots ice projectiles at him. Zaheer takes a staff and smashes the ice projectiles. He leaps out through the window and opens the staff, preparing to escape. Kya leaps out with water tendrils on either arm.
Kya: I need some help!
Kya catches Zaheer with her tendrils, leaping down before slamming him to the fountain. She prepares to freeze him, though Zaheer managed to dodge the attack in the nick of time, having only his leg frozen, which he easily broke through. Kya bends the water into a wave and rides toward him, directing all the water to Zaheer, but he shields himself with airbending and blows her off. Zaheer prepares to grab his staff, but is blocked by a fire blast.
White Lotus sentry: Hold it right there!
The two sentries direct fire blasts at Zaheer, which he nimbly dodges. Zaheer pulls the staff with airbending, using the staff to block another blast before throwing a blast of air to slam the sentries against the roof of a pavilion. Kya, who has regained consciousness, bends the water to surround herself, before directing a strong blast toward Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the blast and sends a large air blast to Kya, slamming her against the wall, knocking her out.
Zaheer: Sorry, I won't be joining you at the Northern Air Temple. I'm afraid I have other plans.
Zaheer opens his staff and flies off. Cut to the streets of Zaofu before switching to a room where Lin, in her undershirt, is reading a newspaper.
Lin: [Hearing a door knock.] Who is it?
Korra: Hey, it's me. I brought someone who wants to talk to you. [Opal appears behind the door.]
Lin: You want to talk? Then talk.
Opal: I'm sorry being here has been so hard for you. When you showed up, I was so excited to get to know you. I heard so many great things about you from mom and Grandma Toph. So, I guess I was kind of sad you didn't want to know me. [Lin looks on, annoyed.] Believe me, I know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming some times. But I would love it so much if you would be a part of it.
Lin: Get out.
Opal: [Shocked.] Sorry, did I say something wrong?
Lin: [Seething.] Get out!
Opal tears up and runs away. Korra looks on helplessly and approaches Lin.
Korra: What's your problem? Don't get mad at Opal. I asked her to talk to you because I thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in. But I guess I was wrong.
Lin: Why don't you focus on fixing the world, and stop trying to fix my family?
Korra: Su's right. You're never going to change. You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman.
Korra storms out of the room. Cut to Lin, with her hand on her face, as a tear runs down her cheek.
Fade to credits.