The episode opens to Bolin, Asami, and Iroh riding on Naga in a snowy region. They watch as the biplanes fly above.
Iroh says: "I think we've found our secret airfield."
Iroh says: "Bolin, once we get down there, I need you to tear up those runways."
Iroh says: "We can't let those aircraft take off."
Bolin says: "Uh-uh, stay."
Naga whines as Pabu chitters. Iroh, Bolin, and Asami approach the Equalist base which seems to lack a perimeter fence; there are posts but no wires.
Asami says: "Why would there be fence posts but no fence?"
Iroh, Bolin, and Asami go into the middle of the fence posts, but subsequently cry out in pain as they are electrocuted, and they collapse onto the ground unconscious.
Cut to the entrance of the Pro-bending Arena guarded by an Equalist airship and mecha tanks. Cut to an Equalist poster and cut inside at the rally. Korra and Mako wear Equalist disguises and stand guard on a balcony with their hands behind their backs. They nod at each other, ready to expose Amon as a fraud. Amon rises from beneath the platform.
Amon says: "Thank you all for joining me on this historic occasion!"
Amon says: "When I was a boy, a firebender struck down my entire family and left me scarred."
Amon says: "That tragic event began my quest to equalize the world."
Korra says: "That's a lie, Amon!"
Lieutenant says: "You want her taken out?"
Amon says: "Everyone calm down, we have nothing to fear from the Avatar."
Amon says: "Let's hear what she has to say."
Korra says: "Amon has been lying to you."
Korra says: "The spirits didn't give him the power to take people's bending away."
Korra says: "He uses bloodbending to do it."
Lieutenant says: "What is this nonsense?"
Amon says: "You're desperate, Avatar."
Amon says: "Making up stories about me is a pathetic last resort."
Korra says: "Your family wasn't killed by a firebender."
Korra says: "and his brother..."
Korra says: "is Councilman Tarrlok."
The Lieutenant sports a doubting look at first before inquiringly looking at Amon.
Amon says: "Hmph, an amusing tale, but I will show you the truth."
Amon says: "This is what a firebender did to me."
Equalist supporter says: "The Avatar is lying!"
Korra says: "I'm telling you!"
Korra says: "They don't believe me."
Korra says: "It didn't work!"
Mako says: "We said what we had to."
Mako says: "Let's get out of here."
The pair turns around as Equalists spin bolas at them from above the balcony ready to attack. They take fighting stances as they approach the Equalists on their way out.
Amon says: "I wouldn't leave yet, Avatar."
Amon says: "You'll miss the main event."
Korra says: "We saw them get away!"
Cut back to the aircraft base where Asami lies in her cell. Iroh and Bolin are tied back to back.
Hiroshi Sato says: "Asami."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Asami, I know I have hurt you..."
Hiroshi Sato says: "and I am sorry."
Hiroshi Sato says: "But I believe that one day, you will come to your senses and we can be a family again."
Asami says: "Are you insane?!"
Asami says: "!"
Asami says: "How can we be a family after everything you've done?!"
Asami says: "!"
Asami says: "Mom would hate you for what you've become."
Hiroshi Sato says: "How dare you?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "I am avenging her death!"
Equalist says: "The airplanes are ready for take-off, sir."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Good, annihilate the fleet."
Iroh and Bolin gasp and share a look of confusion and shock.
Asami says: "How are we gonna get out of here?"
Iroh says: "I don't suppose you know how to metalbend?"
Suddenly, there is the sound of running, and the warehouse door explodes inward as Naga comes charging in..
Bolin says: "Naga!"
Bolin says: "Over here!"
Naga breaks the jail door with her front paws, and Pabu climbs onto Bolin's lap.
Bolin says: "We got Naga!"
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Cut to the runways of the aircraft.
Iroh says: "I'm going after those airplanes."
Bolin says: "Ahh!"
Bolin says: "No, Naga!"
Asami says: "Huh, what do you know..."
Asami says: "just like a Future Industries forklift."
Iroh manages to board one of the planes with his firebending. He throws the pilot off and steers the plane on his own.
Cut back to the Pro-bending Arena rally.
Amon says: "Tonight, I rid the world of airbending, forever."
Korra says: "Amon, let them go!"
Amon says: "You're welcome to come down here and try to stop me."
Korra says: "I don't care!"
Korra says: "We have to save them!"
Amon says: "The Avatar needs to be reminded of the power I possess."
Tenzin looks at his children with worry-filled eyes while futilely trying to break free. Suddenly, Mako generates lightning and directs it to Amon, who dodges the blast and rolls over to the Lieutenant. Mako and Korra use firebending to jump onto the wall and balance themselves vertically to run across it to the stage. Before landing, they both dodge bolas thrown at them and send a barrage of firebending attacks to get the Equalists away from the airbenders, knocking one Equalist off the stage. The crowd disperses and runs away from the stage. Mako continues to fight them as Korra runs to free the airbenders.
Korra says: "Where are Pema and the baby?"
Tenzin says: "In prison."
Korra says: "Beifong?"
Tenzin says: "I don't know."
Tenzin immediately runs onto the battlefield, assisting Mako as Korra moves to free the kids. Right after Mako throws a fire punch and fire kick, Tenzin runs in front of him fires two air blasts, which knocks an Equalist and the Lieutenant off the stage. Amon dodges Mako's firebending attack with acrobatic grace, but Tenzin follows with a strong wave of air which he tries to block, but it is too powerful, causing him to be blown off the stage.
Korra says: "Follow me, kids."
Cut to the hallway where Korra, Mako, Tenzin, and the kids have all gathered.
Tenzin says: "Let's go get your mother and the baby."
Meelo says: "Prison break!"
Tenzin and the children run the opposite direction as Amon goes out on the other door. When he starts running, Korra blocks his way with a wall of fire and makes another one to be safe. Mako enters a room with Korra behind him. Amon jumps over the wall of fire and looks to see where they have gone. He hears the door swing and enters that room.
Korra hears Amon's footsteps. Amon continues to walk past Korra's hiding place and stops for a moment before continuing. Korra breathes a sigh of relief, but suddenly writhes in pain as Amon bloodbends her out from under the table and into the air.
Mako says: "Let her go!"
Amon dodges each attack and bloodbends Mako into submission by lifting him into the air. He slams both of them on the ground and bloodbends Mako in place on the floor, and Korra in a kneeling position. Amon walks around Korra and places his hand on her neck.
Korra says: "No!"
Mako says: "Korra!"
Amon places his other hand on her forehead. Close shot on Korra's eyes. When her eyes close, the shot zooms out as Korra's voiceless scream is heard. Amon lets her go as her body slumps on the ground.
Amon says: "I told you I would destroy you."
Cut back to Iroh fighting the airplanes. Iroh generates lightning and directs it to the middle plane, causing it to crash to the plane beside it. The camera zooms out to the planes dispersing. One pilot shoots an explosive bola at Iroh's plane causing it to get caught up in the main propeller forcing Iroh to bail out before the plane explodes. As Iroh free-falls, he uses his firebending to propel himself to another plane and from there uses a firebending attack to disable one of the propellers on the plane in front of him. Iroh kicks the pilot off the plane and takes control of it.
A bomb manages to hit the rear end of the plane. Iroh tries to control the plane while another one above him tries to drop another bomb. He quickly uses his firebending and shoots it, causing the plane above him to explode. Meanwhile, his own plane is on a collision course with the statue of Aang on Aang Memorial Island, which has had Aang's face covered with a mask like Amon wears. Before impact, he quickly jumps out and grabs the Equalist banner, causing it to tear. He hangs in midair and watches the mask fall off the statue.
Iroh says: "Thanks for looking out for me, Aang."
Cut back to the aircraft base. Bolin groans as he destroys the runway by earthbending. Three mecha tanks try to attack Bolin with cables, but Naga catches them and pulls them, causing the mecha tanks to topple over and almost hit Bolin, who stands still as if not noticing it.
Bolin says: "Whoa!"
Bolin says: "Thanks Naga."
Naga runs toward the camera as it cuts to inside the airbase. Asami destroys one of the planes with the mecha tank.
Hiroshi Sato says: "Asami, what do you think you're doing?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "You are aiding the very people who took your mother away!"
Asami says: "You don't feel love for Mom anymore."
Asami says: "You're too full of hatred."
Hiroshi Sato says: "You ungrateful, insolent child!"
Hiroshi controls the mecha tank to advance to Asami. Asami tries to stop him by launching the wires, but missed. Asami's eyes widen in fear as Hiroshi's tank hits, throwing her mecha tank away and destroying the faceplate.
Hiroshi Sato says: "I now see there is no chance to save you!"
As Hiroshi is going to hit Asami with his mecha tank's right hand, Bolin sends a rock to the mecha tank's hand to stop it.
Bolin says: "Mr."
Bolin says: "Sato, you are a horrible father!"
Asami gains momentum and attacks her father. She successfully throws him away using her mecha tank. Hiroshi groans in pain as Asami forces the opening of the mecha tank. Hiroshi looks with fear at his daughter while Asami looks at him with hatred. Her gaze eventually changes into pity as Hiroshi tries to attack her, but Asami is able to dodge it, which he used as a diversion in order to attempt an escape.
Asami says: "You really are a horrible father."
As Hiroshi runs, Asami throws an electrified bola that renders Hiroshi unconscious. Asami sheds a tear as Naga whimpers. Camera changes back to the Pro-bending Arena.
Amon says: "Finally, you are powerless."
Korra tries to hit Amon, but is too weak from the loss of her bending to do it and misses. Suddenly, Amon's eyes widen as the voice of the Lieutenant comes from behind him.
Lieutenant says: "You traitor!"
Lieutenant says: "I dedicated my life to you!"
The Lieutenant takes out his kali sticks and runs forward to attack Amon. Right before he gets there, however, Amon glares at him and he is lifted into the air with bloodbending.
Amon says: "You've served me well, Lieutenant."
Amon casts the Lieutenant aside into a pile of wood and walks toward Mako. He bloodbends his hands, but Mako manages to electrocute him with lightning strong enough to throw him away. He sends two firebending blasts at Amon, but the blasts hit the surrounding wood and trap him. Mako picks up Korra and carries her bridal style as the shot cuts to the hallway with Mako running while still carrying Korra.
Korra says: "Mako..."
Korra says: "my bending."
Mako says: "Everything will be all right!"
Mako says: "We just need to get out of here."
Amon says: "It is almost a shame to take the bending of someone so talented."
Amon says: "Almost."
Korra says: "No!"
Korra instinctively throws a punch at Amon, and it suddenly become a blast of air that shoots down the corridor and slams into Amon and Mako, sending them flying. Amon is sent skidding backward and, despite the mask, it is obvious that he is for once completely stunned..
Amon says: "Impossible!"
Korra says: "I - I can airbend?"
Korra says: "I can airbend!"
Korra attacks Amon with a flurry of air blasts. Despite his attempts to block, he is flung back and slides to a stop on his side in front of a window. He growls and stretches out his hand. Cut to Korra whose progress is immediately halted due to the bloodbending grip Amon is exerting. Cut to a side-shot as Amon stands up and strengthens his grip on Korra, now using both hands. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra, whose face is contorted in pain and the effort it costs to resist his hold.
Korra says: "No..."
Korra says: "you..."
Korra says: "don't!"
Korra overcomes it and punctuates the last word with an airbending-infused kick that slams into Amon, blasting him out of the window behind him. As Amon falls, his mask comes off, and he plunges into the sea. Concerned citizens dash to see what happened.
Crowd member #1.
Did you see what happened?
The crowd sees Amon's mask float to the surface. Korra and Mako walk up to the shattered window as cries of the protesters grow.
Crowd member #2.
You bending tyrant!
Protester says: "Evil Avatar!"
As he is gradually sinking, the water washes away his "scar". Desperate to save himself, Noatak waterbends a spout to get to the surface. As he gasps for air, riding his water spout high above the crowd, he turns to see the people looking at him in shock.
Crowd member #3.
He's waterbending.
Feathered hat man says: "He is a bender."
Protester says: "Whoa!"
Crowd member #4.
The scar is fake.
Crowd member #5.
The Avatar was telling the truth.
Noatak looks angrily at Korra, which she reciprocates, before jumping into the water again. As Noatak escapes, Mako tries to stop him by firebending, but he misses every shot. After Noatak escapes, Korra and Mako hug each other. Cut to Aang's statue and subsequently to Air Temple Island. The scene changes to the attic where Tarrlok is imprisoned, as Noatak climbs up the stairs and walks toward his cell.
Tarrlok says: "Noatak."
Noatak says: "It's over, brother."
Noatak says: "I'm sorry for what I had to do to you."
Tarrlok says: "I should have left with you when we were boys."
Noatak says: "Please, you're all I have left in the world."
Cut to shot over Republic City says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
before switching to a view of Tenzin says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
Pema says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
his family hugging with Naga behind them. Cut to Team Avatar says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
Lin says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
who is holding Korra by the shoulders says: "Lin:  I can't believe Amon got you too."
Mako says: "Bro, not the time."
Bolin says: "in silence."
Shot cuts to a view of several ships coming through the bay, before the scene changes to the group standing at the dock. Switch to a close-up of Tenzin and Korra.
Tenzin says: "You saved Republic City."
Cut to a shot of a ship with dragons on the front.
Ikki says: "Yay, Uncle Bumi's here!"
Tenzin says: "Great, now I have to entertain my brother."
Camera changes in the middle of the sea with Tarrlok in a boat and Noatak driving.
Noatak says: "The two of us together again, there's nothing we can't do!"
Tarrlok says: "Yes, Noatak."
Noatak says: "Noatak."
Noatak says: "Hmph,  I had almost forgotten the sound of my own name."
Tarrlok notices the electrified gloves and looks over to his brother. He takes one, without Noatak seeing him.
Tarrlok says: "It will be just like the good old days."
A tear rolls down Noatak's cheek and Tarrlok electrocutes the fuel tank. Further shot of the boat exploding, forming a giant mushroom cloud.
Camera changes back to Southern Water Tribe at the White Lotus compound. The camera moves to a large building on poles with Oogi resting outside. Cut to inside where Pema is changing Rohan under the watchful eye of Ikki and Jinora, while Meelo is sleeping on Tenzin's lap. The camera pans to the right, revealing Bolin, Mako, and Asami sitting on the same couch, all with dejected expressions on their faces. The scene moves on to Senna, who has her eyes closed while resting sadly against Tonraq's shoulder. Tonraq, who has his arm around his wife, and Lin, who is sitting beside him, both stare sadly toward the ground in front of them. Upon hearing the sound of a door sliding open, the three adults quickly raise their heads and turn to the door. Cut to a close frontal shot of a sad-faced Katara opening the door. Korra is sitting in the room behind her, though is blocked from view when the elderly healer shuts the door behind her. As she ventures further into the waiting area, all people present stand up and look expectantly at her.
Lin says: "But you're the best healer in the world, you have to keep trying!"
Katara says: "I'm sorry, there's nothing else I can do."
Katara says: "Korra can still airbend, but her connection to the other elements has been severed."
Lin looks disappointed. Korra exits the healing room, sadly looking at the ground. She stops and eyes everyone upon noticing all the people in the room staring back at her.
Tenzin says: "It's going to be all right Korra."
Korra says: "No, it's not."
Mako wants to talk to Korra, but he hesitates at first. He becomes determined and walks out of the house and follows Korra.
Mako says: "Korra, wait."
Korra says: "Go away."
Mako says: "I will, but I just want you to know, I'm here for you."
Korra says: "No, I mean, go away, back to Republic City."
Korra says: "Get on with your life."
Mako says: "What are you talking about?"
Korra says: "I'm not the Avatar anymore."
Korra says: "You don't need to do me any favors."
Mako says: "Korra!"
Scene changes to Naga with Korra on her back are heading out from the village.
Tenzin says: "We need to be patient with her."
Tenzin says: "It will take time for her to accept what has happened."
Korra arrives with Naga on a cliff above the sea. A tear rolls down her face and the glistening tear falls into the ice below. Korra sits on the ground and begins crying. A man dressed in Air Nomad clothing approaches her, but only his lower half can be seen.
Korra says: "Not now Tenzin, I just want to be left alone."
Aang says: "But you called me here."
Korra says: "Aang."
Aang says: "You have finally connected with your spiritual self."
Korra says: "How?"
Aang says: "When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change."
The camera pulls back to show the expanse behind Aang. Kyoshi and Roku materialise behind him, followed by Kuruk, Yangchen, Szeto, and many others, stretching far into the distance and all looking at Korra. In the Avatar State, Aang put his hands on Korra's forehead and shoulder and restores her bending. The eyes and, in the case of the Air Nomads, tattoos of the other Avatars glow as well before they all fade away. Korra opens her eyes, showing her entering the Avatar State. She raises herself into the air with airbending and sends a blast of air, fire, and earth. She bends the sea at the bottom of the cliff to make a large wave. Korra exits the Avatar State and looks back to see Mako smiling at her.
Korra says: "I love you too."
Mako and Korra share a kiss and as the camera pans up to the sky. Cuts back to the village where Korra uses the technique that Aang showed her on Lin to restore her bending. Korra's eyes glow as she enters the Avatar State and light emanates from her thumbs as she uses energybending. When Korra has finished, Lin climbs to her feet and simultaneously lifts several large rocks into the air at once. Everyone watches with awed expressions on their faces, Bolin's eyes almost popping out of his head.
Lin says: "Thank you."
Tenzin says: "I am so proud of you, Avatar Korra."
Korra smiles and the camera shows an aerial view of the village. Cut to the credits.