The episode opens up at night in Korra's room with her sleeping. As a shadow passes the doors, she quickly shoots up in her bed, alarmed. Soon after, an Equalist chi blocker breaks through the window, while two more break in through the door. Korra jumps out of her bed and kicks a downward fire arc through the air. She kicks another arc in the air toward them. The chi blockers dodge it and come at her, but Korra blasts two shots of fire to keep them at bay. The chi blockers avoid her attacks, while one leaps up in the air while spinning like a top in an attempt to kick Korra's head, but Korra blocks the hit with her arm, and fires several fists of fire. While Korra is distracted from keeping two of the chi blockers away, the other somersaults and uses chi blocking on her back, before kicking her to the ground on her knees while she lets out a shout of pain. Fatigued, Korra sees Amon walking toward her as she hears footsteps.
Amon says: "After I take your bending away, you will be nothing."
Korra wakes up with a frightful scream, beads of sweat running down her face and gasping for air, revealing that it was all a nightmare. She looks at Naga, who licks her right hand to comfort her before resting her head on Korra's lap.
Korra says: "It's..."
Korra says: "it's all right, Naga."
Korra says: "I just had a bad dream."
The camera flashes toward City Hall where the United Republic Council meets. Inside the representatives are sitting around a "U" shaped table sharing in discussion.
Tarrlok says: "There is a madman running around our beloved city, threatening to tear it apart."
Tarrlok says: "We need to create a task force whose sole mission is to find Amon and bring him to justice."
Tenzin says: "Absolutely not."
Tenzin says: "A move that aggressive would only further divide benders and nonbenders."
Fire Nation councilwoman says: "Tarrlok, I'm inclined to agree with your proposal, but who would even  head up such a task force?"
Tarrlok says: "It would be my honor and privilege to accept such a duty."
Tarrlok says: "All I'm trying to do is help."
Tarrlok says: "Think back, forty-two years ago, Republic City was threatened by another dangerous man."
Tarrlok says: "Yakone."
Tarrlok says: "Your father wasn't afraid to deal with him head-on."
Tenzin says: "This.."
Tenzin says: "is a completely different situation..."
Tenzin says: "and how dare you compare yourself to Avatar Aang!"
Tarrlok says: "Eventually, he will come for all us benders."
Tarrlok says: "Our friends, our families."
Tarrlok says: "Vote for this task force and I will stop Amon before it's too late."
Tarrlok says: "All in favor?"
Tarrlok raises his hand and the Fire Nation representative raises her hand as well. After a brief glance at each other, the Southern Water Tribe and Earth Kingdom representatives also raise their hands. With that, Tarrlok slams a gavel down on a platform to close the meeting and smiles mischievously at Tenzin while he glares at him. Cuts to later during nighttime, at Air Temple Island, light, happy music plays as Korra practices airbending stances. The music becomes static and soon after, Amon's voice is heard.
Amon says: "Good evening, my fellow Equalists."
Later, Mako is walking in a more industrialized part of Republic City. He throws one end of his scarf over his shoulder and looks up in the direction of a trolley which is being boarded. He runs toward the trolley, crossing the street without looking. Meanwhile, a moped is driving down the street. The rider of the moped, Asami, sees Mako and quickly tries to stop, though she still crashes into Mako while he screams and tumbles over. She wheels the moped over to Mako, while he picks himself up off the street.
Asami says: "Oh, no!"
Mako says: "Don't worry, I'm fine."
Mako says: "My brother hits me harder than that every day in practice."
Asami says: "Wait, I recognize you."
Asami says: "You're Mako, right?"
Asami says: "You play for the Fire Ferrets."
Mako says: "Yeah, that's me."
Mako says: "Uh, Kwong's?"
Mako says: "I don't have any clothes nice enough for a place that classy."
Asami says: "So..."
Asami says: "it's a date?"
Mako says: "Uh, yeah, I guess so."
Mako says: "I'll see you tomorrow night."
Asami gets back on her moped and drives away taking one brief glance behind her. Mako watches her ride away and grins widely, lovestruck. Later, at sunset on Air Temple Island, Tenzin's family and Korra are about to eat dinner. Before eating, they bow their heads as Tenzin starts a prayer.
Tenzin says: "We are grateful for this delicious food, for happiness, for compassion, and..."
Tenzin says: "This is my home, Tarrlok."
Tenzin says: "We're about to eat dinner."
Tarrlok says: "Good, because I am absolutely famished."
Tarrlok says: "Airbenders never turn away a hungry guest, am I right?"
Tarrlok says: "I am Councilman Tarrlok, representative from the Northern Water Tribe."
Ikki says: "And how come you smell like a lady?"
Ikki says: "You're weird."
Tarrlok says: "Well aren't you..."
Tarrlok says: "precocious?"
Tarrlok says: "So, I've been reading all about your adventures in the papers."
Tarrlok says: "Infiltrating Amon's rally, now that took some real initiative."
Korra says: "Oh, thanks."
Korra says: "I think you're the first authority figure in the city who's happy I'm here."
Tarrlok says: "Republic City is much better off now that you've arrived."
Tenzin says: "Enough with the flattery, Tarrlok."
Tenzin says: "What do you want from Korra?"
Tarrlok says: "As you may have heard, I am assembling a task force that will strike at the heart of the revolution and I want you to join me."
Korra says: "Really?"
Tenzin says: "What?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Tarrlok says: "I need someone who will help me attack Amon directly, someone who is fearless in the face of danger."
Tarrlok says: "And that someone is you."
Korra says: "Join your task force?"
Korra says: "I can't."
Tarrlok says: "I must admit, I'm rather surprised."
Tarrlok says: "I thought you'd jump at the chance to help me lead the charge against Amon."
Tenzin says: "Me, too."
Korra says: "I came to Republic City to finish my Avatar training with Tenzin."
Korra says: "Right now, I just need to focus on that."
Tarrlok says: "Which is why this opportunity is perfect."
Tarrlok says: "You would get on the job experience while performing your Avatar duty for the city."
Tenzin says: "Korra gave you her answer."
Tenzin says: "It's time for you to go."
Tarrlok says: "Very well."
Ikki says: "Bye-bye, ponytail man!"
Councilman Tarrlok scowls at Ikki's farewell and grunts in distaste as he walks out. Meanwhile, Mako is at Kwong's Cuisine, staring in awe. He clutches his scarf and checks his sleeves. He sighs at his results and walks in.
Server says: "Ah, welcome to Kwong's Cuisine, Master Mako."
Mako says: "Uh, "Master"?"
In a back room, the server who greeted Mako as he walked in unfolds a shirt from a box and dresses it on Mako. The server pulls up Mako's pants, ties his shoes, styles his hair, and gives him a formal-looking jacket to wear. Mako examines the clothes with pleasure. He grabs his red scarf from the table behind him and puts it around his neck. The server glances at it and starts to pull it off, when Mako prevents him from doing so by catching the server's wrist.
Mako says: "The scarf stays."
Server says: "As you wish, sir."
Asami says: "I am such a big pro-bending fan."
Asami says: "I caught all of your matches this season."
Mako says: "All of them?"
Mako says: "Wow."
Mako says: "Honestly, I wish there were a few you hadn't seen."
Asami says: "Oh, don't be ridiculous, you're amazing."
Asami says: "I can't wait to see you play in the tournament."
Mako says: "Yeah, well, ah, maybe next year."
Asami says: "What do you mean?"
Asami says: "You made it in."
Mako says: "It just isn't in the cards for us right now."
Asami says: "What's the problem?"
Mako says: "We don't have the cash to ante up for the championship pot."
Mako says: "So, it looks like we're out of the running."
Asami says: "That's not fair."
Server says: "Your main course."
Mako says: "Ms."
Mako says: "Sato?"
Mako says: "You wouldn't happen to be related to Hiroshi Sato, creator of the Satomobile?"
Asami says: "Yeah."
Asami says: "He's my dad."
Mako says: "Get out of town!"
Asami says: "I'm serious."
Asami says: "You want to meet him?"
Mako says: "Meet the most successful captain of industry in all of Republic City?"
Mako says: "Yeah, I'll take you up on that."
Back on Air Temple Island, Bolin comes singing a light tune with Pabu on his shoulder.
Bolin says: "Hello, fellow teammate!"
Korra says: "Hey, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Missed you at practice this week."
Korra says: "Yeah, sorry about that."
Bolin says: "Nah, that's all right."
Bolin says: "We're probably out of the tournament anyways unless some money miraculously drops out of the sky by tomorrow."
Bolin says: "Anyways, the reason I came by was to give you this."
Bolin says: "Ta-da!"
Korra says: "Wow, thanks."
Korra says: "What's this for?"
Bolin says: "Uh, oh I can't remember now."
Bolin says: "Oh yeah, now I remember."
Bolin says: "You saved me from Amon!"
Korra says: "Oh, that?"
Korra says: "It was no big deal."
Bolin says: "No big deal, are you serious?"
Bolin says: "I was totally freaking out when he was coming at me with his creepy mask all, "I will take away your bending forever."
Bolin says: ""  I mean that is.."
Bolin says: "scary stuff; I still can't sleep well."
Korra says: "Mhmm."
Council page says: "Delivery for Avatar Korra."
Council page says: "Tarrlok sends his compliments and urges you to reconsider his offer."
Korra says: "Tell him I haven't changed my mind."
Council page says: "Mhmm..."
Bolin says: "Who's this Tarrlok guy?"
Bolin says: "Is he bothering you?"
Bolin says: "Huh, 'cause I could have a word with him."
Korra says: "Heh, no it's not like that."
Korra says: "He's just some old guy who works with Tenzin on the council."
Bolin says: "Oh, good."
Bolin says: "Good, that sounds better."
Bolin says: "I like that better."
The scene switches to a Satomobile being lifted so workers can examine it in a factory. The factory contains several rows of Satomobiles in an assembly line. Hiroshi Sato and his daughter, Asami Sato, stand side by side, while Mako stands in front of them for conversation purposes.
Hiroshi Sato says: "What do you think of my little operation here?"
Mako says: "It's very impressive, Mr."
Mako says: "Sato."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Please, call me Hiroshi."
Hiroshi Sato says: "So, I understand you're dirt poor."
Mako says: "Uh, well..."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Young man, it is nothing to be ashamed of."
Hiroshi Sato says: "I too came from humble beginnings."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Why, when I was your age, I was a mere shoe-shiner, and all I had to my name was an idea; the Satomobile."
Asami says: "Dad, stop bragging."
Asami says: "Just tell Mako the good news."
Mako says: "What good news?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Well, my daughter passionately told me all about your hard earned success in the Pro-bending Arena."
Hiroshi Sato says: "And about your team's current  financial stumbling block."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Now, I'd hate to see you lose your chance at winning the championship just because you're short a few yuans."
Hiroshi Sato says: "That's why I'm going to sponsor the Fire Ferrets in the tournament."
Mako says: "Are you serious?"
Asami says: "He's serious."
Asami says: "My dad's going to cover your ante for the championship pot."
Mako says: "Tha-that is good news."
Hiroshi Sato says: "There's just one catch."
Hiroshi Sato says: "You all have to wear the Future Industries logo on your uniforms."
Mako says: "I'll tattoo it on my chest if you want, sir."
Mako says: "I promise the Fire Ferrets will make the most of this opportunity."
Back on Air Temple Island, Tenzin walks past a luxurious Satomobile wrapped in a ribbon with Ikki and Meelo playing inside.
Ikki says: "Beeeeeeep beebeebeeeeep!"
Meelo says: "Beep-beep."
Tenzin walks on to where Korra is practicing airbending stances on a round platform with a Yin-Yang symbol.
Tenzin says: "I see Tarrlok's gifts are getting more and more extravagant."
Korra says: "Yeah, that guy doesn't know how to take "no" for an answer."
Tenzin says: "Korra, are you..."
Tenzin says: "doing all right?"
Korra says: "Yeah, I'm fine."
Tenzin says: "I'm glad you turned down Tarrlok, but I just want to make sure your decision was for the right reason."
Korra says: "I'm just really focused on my airbending right now is all."
Tenzin says: "Right, that's what you said."
Tenzin says: "You know, it's okay to be scared."
Tenzin says: "The whole city is frightened by what's been going on."
Tenzin says: "The important thing is to talk about our fears, because if we don't, they can throw us out of balance."
Korra looks away with a slightly sad face, visibly hit by the impact of Tenzin's words. Tenzin stands up.
Tenzin says: "I'm always here for you, if you want to talk."
Tenzin walks away, the scene shifts to show a saddened Korra leaning against the door of the mansion on Air Temple Island.
Council page says: "Avatar Korra!"
Council page says: "I have something for you."
Annoyed, Korra jumps down from the railing she was sitting on, and earthbends the page around 180 degrees, and sends him off by kicking him in the back.
Korra says: "It doesn't matter how many gifts Tarrlok sends, I am no​t joining his task force."
In the background, Ikki and Jinora are seen playing a game of Pai Sho. They look up from their game to see what is happening.
Council page says: "It's not a gift, it's an invitation."
Council page says: "Tarrlok is throwing a gala in your honor."
Council page says: "All of Republic City's movers and shakers will be there."
Council page says: "The councilman humbly requests your attendance."
Korra frowns at the paper, music kicks in as the scene now scrolls down from the night sky to show the City Hall with two huge banners with the picture of Korra on them. Shortly after, Korra, Tenzin, Pema, Ikki, Jinora, and Meelo enter the City Hall building dressed in gala clothing. The kids run off. The other attendants start clapping as they notice Korra walking in. Pema starts wandering off and socializing with the people in the background. Korra looks around stunned, standing next to Tenzin.
Korra says: "I can't believe this is all for me."
Tenzin says: "I'm not sure what Tarrlok's plotting, but keep your guard up."
Tenzin says: "It's not like him to throw a party just for the fun of it."
Tenzin starts looking around and notices Meelo. His head turns blue in surprise and he gasps.
Tenzin says: "Meelo!"
Tenzin says: "No, that's not a toilet!"
Tenzin says: "Oh dear."
Tarrlok says: "Korra, it's my pleasure to introduce Republic City's most famous industrialist, Hiroshi Sato."
Korra says: "Nice to meet you."
Hiroshi Sato says: "We're all expecting great things from you."
Korra says: "Right,  greatness."
Mako says: "Hey, Korra!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "This is my daughter, Asami."
Asami says: "It's lovely to meet you."
Asami says: "Mako's told me so much about you."
Korra says: "Really?"
Korra says: "Because he hasn't mentioned you at all."
Korra says: "How did you two meet?"
Bolin says: "Asami crashed into him on her moped."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Are you okay?"
Mako says: "I'm fine."
Mako says: "More than fine."
Mako says: "Mister Sato agreed to sponsor our team; we're back in the tournament!"
Bolin says: "Hehe, isn't that great?"
Korra says: "Yeah, terrific."
Tarrlok says: "Chief Beifong, I believe you and Avatar Korra have already met."
Korra glares at Lin as she leaves, though her look saddens as Lin Beifong walks away. Tarrlok and Korra are now seen walking toward a stair, where a lot of reporters are waiting downstairs. Many guests are present in the background. As soon as the media notices Korra, they rush for the stairs and start bombarding her with questions.
Tarrlok says: "If you'd be so kind, they just have a couple of questions."
Korra says: "But..."
Tarrlok pushes her forward.
Reporter #1.
Avatar Korra, you witnessed Amon take away people's bending firsthand. How serious a threat does he pose to the innocent citizens of Republic City?
Tarrlok is seen in the background smiling, as his plan to force Korra into his task force seems to be working.
Reporter #2.
Then why have you refused to join Tarrlok's task force? As the Avatar, shouldn't you be going after Amon?
Korra says: "Well, I..."
Reporter #2.
Why are you backing away from this fight?
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "I've never backed away from anything in my life!"
Reporter #3.
You promised to serve this city, aren't you going back on that promise now?
Reporter #4.
Do you think pro-bending is more important than fighting the revolution?
Reporter #5.
How do you think Avatar Aang would have handled this?
Korra is clearly starting to get confused, annoyed, and intimidated by this bombardment of questions.
Reporter #2.
Cuts to a close-up of Korra's face; voice-over. Are you afraid of Amon?
Korra says: "I'll join Tarrlok's task force and help fight Amon."
Tarrlok says: "There's your headline, folks."
As cameras start flashing, Tenzin looks down in disappointment and being powerless. Bolin and Mako look at each other, confused. The other guests in the scene also look confused except Asami, who is still smiling and looking forward while holding Mako's arm. Tarrlok smiles mischievously as Korra looks down with a sad expression when she realizes that she has been tricked. Scene changes to show the outside of the City Hall. Shifts to Korra, who is twiddling her thumbs and looking sad.
Tarrlok says: "My fellow task force deputies, tonight we will execute a raid on an underground chi blocker training camp located in the Dragon Flats borough."
Tarrlok says: "According to my sources, there is a cellar underneath this bookstore,  where Equalists train chi blocking in secret."
Camera fades from the blueprints to a view of the bookstore from above while a large car with a water tank and filled with task force members in a kneeling position drives toward its location. Once stopped, the task force members jump out and up against the wall. Korra peers through an opening at the bottom of the wall and sees several men and woman training and learning chi blocking techniques. On the opposite wall lays a large poster with a portrait of Amon staring over the room. Korra has a flashback to her dream at the beginning of the episode where Amon is reaching toward her. Korra gasps with fear, but puts a resolved look on her face. She stands up and looks at Tarrlok for the signal. Tarrlok nods and raises his hand to show his fingers outstretched. He closes them into a fist, shows his outstretched palm again, closes his hand into a fist again, and flashes two fingers this time. A task force member unwinds the top of the water tank and bends the water out. Another member bends the water toward him and to another task force member and another until all the waterbenders have water at their disposal. Two members of the task force are shown with water ready for the signal to attack. The camera flashes to Tarrlok holding his hand out behind him, where a waterbender is holding the water waiting for a signal.
Korra breathes in and out and the scene changes to inside the room of chi blocker trainers and trainees. Water floods the room and freezes, with the people inside yelping in surprise. The task force earthbenders break through the wall, causing several chi blockers and trainees to leap back. Three task force earthbenders attack the people by throwing bricks. One earthbender pushes up a block of earth and slams it into a person slamming them into a wall. Tarrlok and Korra enter the room. Tarrlok throws someone against the wall using waterbending and freezes their head to the wall. A chi blocker throws two grenades that have green gas filtering out of them, while another opens the door and escapes. Korra freezes the two grenades in ice and the leaking smoke clears up.
Korra says: "I'm going after those two."
Korra kicks open the door the two chi blockers left through and runs down the corridor. She trips over a wire and crashes to the ground. A chi blocker leaps out from a space in the ceiling and tries to grab Korra. Korra quickly gets up and kicks a large rock up from underneath the chi blocker, hitting him in the chest. She falls back from the left over momentum, but another chi blocker comes from behind her swinging a bola. Tarrlok blasts a stream of water at the chi blocker and freezes him to the wall.
Korra says: "Nice timing."
Korra says: "Thanks, Tarrlok."
Tarrlok says: "We make a good team, Avatar."
Korra says: "Yeah, we do."
The scene switches to a group of reporters, flashing cameras, and the people who participated in the task force standing over several captured chi blockers. After another flash from a camera, Tarrlok is seen ushering a chi blocker into the back of a police truck with several task force members on the side. Another flash reveals a row of task force members with Korra at the front with an annoyed look, Tarrlok answering a reporter's question through a microphone, the chi blockers in the middle, and another row of task force members on the other side. The picture turns black and white and is zoomed out to show the same picture in a newspaper. Toza is sweeping his gym, while Bolin makes two plates of earth hover above his hands using earthbending and Mako is reading the newspaper.
Bolin says: "No Korra for practice again?"
Mako says: "Doesn't look like it."
Bolin slumps and sighs, throwing the two plates of earth at the wall. The scene switches to a room full of reporter with Tarrlok on stage behind a podium and Korra at his side.
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra has bravely answered the call to action."
Tarrlok says: "With the two of us leading the charge, Republic City has nothing to fear from Amon and the Equalists."
Female reporter says: "Question for the Avatar!"
Female reporter says: "Amon remains at large."
Female reporter says: "Why have you failed to locate him?"
The scene changes to the park where Mako and Asami are riding inside a carriage.
Asami says: "I know it sounds weird to say this, but I'm really glad I hit you with my moped."
Mako says: "Uh, me too."
Asami says: "I forgot to ask."
Asami says: "Why didn't you accept the new silk scarf I bought for you last week?"
Asami says: "You didn't like it?"
Mako says: "No, it was really nice, but this scarf was my father's."
Mako says: "And it's all I have left of him."
Mako says: "I just feel like..."
Mako says: "Like it keeps me safe."
Asami says: "I'm so sorry."
Asami says: "I lost my mother when I was very young."
Mako and Asami stare at each other warmly, and she cuddles into Mako's side putting her hand on his chest, while Mako reaches up to hold it there.
Asami says: "I feel so safe with you."
The trolley rides off into the park with the two inside passing two other couples. The scene changes to a bird's eye view of the Republic City dock. Tenzin passes the camera on his glider and lands on the dock where Korra, Tarrlok, and several others are.
Tenzin says: "Korra, this is madness."
Korra says: "Don't try to stop me and don't follow me."
Korra says: "I have to face Amon alone."
Tenzin says: "This is all your doing!"
Tarrlok says: "I tried to talk her out of it too, but she's made up her mind."
Korra guides the boat out from the docks to Avatar Aang Memorial Island using waterbending.
Tarrlok says: "We'll be watching the island closely."
Tarrlok says: "If anything goes wrong, I have a fleet of police airships ready to swoop down."
The camera glides down Avatar Aang's statue and at the base stands Korra with her hair being blown by the wind. The camera changes viewpoints to capture the front of the memorial building and Korra standing on top of it. At slight provocation, Korra gets into a battle stance. As the clock sounds midnight, Korra startles. The camera alternates viewpoints to show the skyline at night, most of the buildings still seem to be lit. Cut back to the statue again, eventually scrolling down toward Korra, while she sighs in relief as soon as she realized it was just the clock that startled her. Korra takes a deep breath to recover her focus and stares at the skyline as the lights start to dim she sits down, tired and exhausted from waiting in fear.