The scene opens with a far shot of the city of Zaofu in broad daylight. The view cuts to the central square in the city, where a number of soldiers are gathered, standing at attention facing toward the front steps of the city's government building. Kuvira's voice is heard, addressing the soldiers from the top of the steps.
Kuvira says: "Today, we stand on the precipice of history."
Kuvira says: "For the past three years,  not even the Avatar."
Kuvira says: "But our mission is not yet complete."
Cut to two soldiers in a outpost in the mountains, listening to Kuvira's speech via a radio.
Kuvira says: "This land belongs to the people of the Earth Empire and it's time to take it back!"
Kuvira says: "Republic City will be ours!"
The soldiers all snap to attention, chanting in unison.
Soldiers says: "All hail the Great Uniter!"
Kuvira leaves the podium, with Baatar Jr. walking alongside her. Kuvira turns toward him as they walk.
Kuvira says: "Are you ready to show the world what a true superpower looks like?"
Baatar Jr.
They stop walking, looking at each other. Yes. I'm honored to march into the city by your side. They take each others' hands. I love you, Kuvira.
Kuvira says: "I never could have done this without your help."
Kuvira says: "After we claim victory, we can finally get married  and rule our empire together."
The shot zooms onto Kuvira, who closes her eyes after a short moment. Cut to an exterior shot of City Hall in Republic City, before cutting to Raiko's office, where Raiko, Wu, Korra, Mako, and Tenzin sit around a table, on which lies a map of the city itself.
Korra says: "How's the evacuation coming?"
Wu says: "Could be better."
Wu says: "eighteen families."
Korra says: "Only eighteen?"
Korra says: "There are millions of people in this city!"
Wu says: "I said it could be better."
Mako says: "The problem is, it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't very many volunteers."
Mako says: "They just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger."
The conversation comes to an abrupt halt as Bolin bursts through the doors of the office.
Bolin says: "Guys!"
Bolin says: "Good, you're all here!"
Raiko says: "What's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time?"
Korra says: "I'm so sorry about Zaofu."
Korra says: "How did you escape?"
Bolin says: "Opal, Beifong, and I rescued everyone."
Bolin says: "But we had a run in with Kuvira."
Bolin says: "We saw her super spirit weapon up close."
Bolin says: "Like, really close."
Bolin says: "Way too close."
Tenzin says: "Is she going to use it against Republic City?"
Zhu Li says: "Yes."
Zhu Li says: "I found out she's going to attack in two weeks."
Bolin says: "Ooh!"
Bolin says: "And Zhu Li's on our side now."
Bolin says: "Actually, she never really switched sides and I'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing."
Bolin says: "Zhu Li?"
Zhu Li says: "I pretended to be loyal to Kuvira so I could sabotage her weapon."
Zhu Li says: "It didn't work, but I did overhear her plans to attack."
Raiko says: "I knew she wouldn't stop at Zaofu."
Lin says: "My guess is, she's coming by rail."
Lin says: "It's the only way she can transport that weapon."
Korra says: "Then we'll cut the rail lines."
Raiko says: "I agree."
Raiko says: "But let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do."
Raiko says: "Put out the announcement."
Raiko says: "The evacuation is now mandatory."
Mako says: "We're on it."
Korra says: "Don't worry Mr."
Korra says: "President."
Korra says: "I won't let Kuvira take our city."
Cut to the outside of a Future Industries factory. Transition inside, where workers are busy fastening bolts and welding. Cut to Varrick standing on a balcony above the assembly floor, addressing the workers.
Varrick says: "Weld hotter!"
Varrick says: "Tighten tighter!"
Varrick says: "The president said we only have two weeks to get these hummingbirds humming!"
Cut to Varrick's face. He places two hands behind his ears and closes his eyes as he hums. Behind him, Bolin walks through a set of doors and addresses him.
Bolin says: "Varrick!"
Bolin says: "Good, you're here."
Bolin says: "Can I talk to you for a minute?"
Varrick says: "What is it?"
Varrick says: "I'm busy inspiring my workers."
Bolin says: "Well, I went to Zaofu and saved Su and her family..."
Bolin says: "and guess who else we found?"
Bolin says: "Ha!"
On cue, Zhu Li walks through the doors, looking slightly unnerved. Varrick, seeing her, straightens up, his eyes widening in surprise.
Varrick says: "Zhu Li."
Bolin says: "Now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her?"
Bolin says: "Hmm?"
Zhu Li says: "Varrick, you mean the world to me and I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way."
Varrick says: "man the assembly line!"
Zhu Li says: "If you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal!"
She walks off, leaving Varrick standing bent backward, while Bolin stands by in silence. When Varrick straightens up and shrugs, Bolin smacks his own forehead.
Cut to a radio operating room, with a close-up of a switchboard. An operator plugs in one of the cables into another line.
Radio operator says: "You're going out to every radio in the city."
Radio operator says: "we're getting confused calls from all over the city."
Radio operator says: "I think Mako's starting a panic."
Mako says: "What's confusing?"
Mako says: "I'm giving very specific instructions."
Lin says: "Great, this is just what we need."
Wu says: "I got this."
Wu says: "We're going to get you out of here, safe and sound."
Cut to Lin and Mako, whose serious expressions turn to one of astonishment as the royal finishes. Cut to a wider shot of the switchboard, where the lights of incoming calls are quickly all disappearing, much to everyone's pleasure.
Lin says: "You might not make such a bad king after all."
Wu looks at her, though when Mako places a hand on his shoulder, he turns to look at his bodyguard with a proud expression.
Cut to Air Temple Island where Tenzin opens a door and walks into a room.
Tenzin says: "Rohan's with the Acolytes."
Tenzin says: "They have the boat ready to leave."
Tenzin says: "Why aren't you all packed yet?"
Pema says: "The kids and I have been talking and we decided we want to stay."
Pema says: "This is our city and it's going to need all the help it can get."
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Meelo says: "Only a coward flees his fate."
Tenzin says: "And you three can help the other airbenders keep an eye on the Earth Empire troops from above."
Meelo says: "Meelo."
Jinora glances off to the side at this statement.
Cut to the outside of Republic City station. Satomobiles are scattered everywhere and airships fly above. Transition inside to a long line of evacuees waiting to board the trains. Fade to Wu and Pema directing evacuees. Cut to Yue Bay at nighttime, where the United Forces Navy and several airships are approaching Republic City. Cut to an overview of the bay and the city. Switch to a side-shot of General Iroh standing at the bow of a battleship. Cut to another aerial shot of the city and the incoming United Forces Army. The night shot transitions to daytime and the troops have scattered across the bay and city. Several shots transition between night and day to show the emptying of the city. Cut to a side-shot of a group of advancing mecha tanks who take up positions in front the gathered battalions of infantry troops at the outskirts of the city, the rising sun in their back. Several lines of barbed wire are positioned in front of the assembled troops.
Cut to Air Temple Island, to the base of the tower; the shot pans up.
Raiko says: "I still don't like having to abandon my office in the city."
Cut to inside the tower, where Raiko is looking out of a window, though now glances over his shoulder to Tenzin and Lin.
Lin says: "Air Temple Island is the ideal location for your base of operations and you'll be safe here."
Korra says: "There's something we need to discuss with you."
Tenzin says: "What is it?"
Korra says: "The four of us have been talking and..."
Korra says: "we wanna take out Kuvira's spirit weapon before it gets too close to the city."
Tenzin says: "That sounds like a risk we don't need to take."
Tenzin says: "The evacuation is on schedule and General Iroh is getting his army in place."
Korra says: "I know Iroh can go toe-to-toe with Kuvira's army, but that weapon..."
Bolin says: "It's too powerful!"
Bolin says: "It can destroy the city."
Mako says: "We can't let it get to our doorstep."
Korra says: "We'll sneak behind enemy lines and disable the weapon."
Asami says: "If it works, it'll even the playing field."
Tenzin says: "But if you get caught..."
Korra says: "It's worth the risk."
Raiko says: "Good luck."
Korra says: "We'll head out tonight."
The scene cuts to a military outpost somewhere in the mountains at night, light emanating from the guard towers. A road, also electrically lit, winds around the side of the mountain. The shot changes to the perspective of a guard peering into the fog with binoculars. As he looks, a faint crash sounds in the distance and the camera moves back toward the source of the sound and movement can be seen. Switch to a frontal shot of two guards, with one looking through binoculars.
Sentry says: "There's something out there!"
The other sentry peers through his own pair of binoculars. Cut to a shot of the fog, though as a breeze blows it aside, a multitude of mecha suits and other tanks of Kuvira's army are revealed to be marching steadily through the fog.
Sentry says: "They're a week early!"
Sentry says: "Get the commander immediately and radio Republic City!"
As the second guard turns to execute the orders, he is halted when a loud crash is heard and the ground shakes. He turns toward the sound and the view cuts to the incoming army, though now the legs of an enormous mecha suit are visible behind the tanks, dwarfing them in comparison. The shot pans up to reveal the upper body of the humanoid colossus as it raises its arms, accompanied by a loud sound of mechanical equipment, and prepares the spirit energy cannon attached to its right arm. As the tip of the barrel starts to glow purple, the shot cuts back to the a side-view of the shocked sentries. Cut to a far off shot of the enormous mecha suit as the energy beam is fired. Cut to a side-shot of the outpost as the purple beam of energy hits it directly and is hidden from view by a flash of brilliant white light. When the light fades, the outpost is in rubbles and burning. Cut to the colossal mecha suit as it lowers its arms, flames licking the air in the foreground.
Cut to morning in the mountains. A flying bison soars through the air, groaning. Cut to its saddle, where Bolin is peering through a telescope, while Asami and Mako are surveying their surroundings with the naked eye. As Bolin directs his attention to his left, he gasps in surprise, drawing everyone's attention.
Bolin says: "Guys!"
Bolin says: "I see something."
Asami says: "Is that –?"
Korra says: "Kuvira."
Korra says: "She's already crossed into United Republic territory."
Korra says: "She's a week early."
Mako says: "This doesn't make sense."
Asami says: "Apparently on a giant mecha suit!"
Cut to the legs of the mecha, as each step causes a large dust cloud to blow up around its feet. Pan up to the body of the mecha, several airships visible in the background. The view cuts back to Team Avatar as they look upon the giant mecha in wonder.
Mako says: "Did you know Kuvira was building that thing?"
Bolin says: "Oh, did I forget to mention it?"
Bolin says: "No, of course I didn't know!"
Cut to the inside of the mecha suit; Kuvira stands within.
Mecha operator says: "There's a flying bison up ahead."
Kuvira says: "The Avatar."
Baatar Jr.
Should we go after them? They're going to warn Republic City.
Kuvira says: "Let them."
Kuvira says: "No one can stop us."
Cut to Air Temple Island, as Team Avatar's bison comes in to land; Tenzin, Pema, Raiko, Lin, Suyin, Wei, and Wing gather to meet Team Avatar, who dismount from their bison.
Tenzin says: "Korra?"
Tenzin says: "Are you all right?"
Tenzin says: "Why are you back so soon?"
Korra says: "It's Kuvira."
Korra says: "Our intel was wrong."
Korra says: "She must have known Zhu Li had the information."
Raiko says: "What are you trying to say?"
Korra says: "Kuvira's army is only a few hours away."
Tenzin says: "No, they can't be!"
Tenzin says: "We're not ready."
Korra says: "And that spirit weapon of hers is attached to a giant mecha suit."
Korra says: "It's over twenty-five stories tall!"
Tenzin says: "Pema!"
Tenzin says: "Find Wu and get the remaining citizens to safety, immediately."
Tenzin says: "We can't have innocent lives in jeopardy."
Bolin says: "What should we do?"
Asami says: "Let's go to my factory."
Asami says: "Maybe we can get a few of those hummingbird suits up and running."
Suyin says: "We're coming with you."
Korra says: "I'll head to the front lines and help General Iroh."
Cut to a distant shot of the city from the air, followed by a shot of a number of airbenders mounting buildings in preparation for the attack. In a zoom on the top of one of the buildings, Kai, Jinora, Tenzin, Meelo, Ikki, and Bumi, along with another airbender, are seen staring into the distance. Another switch of shot shows a birds-eye view from above the buildings looking out onto the field where the army waits for Kuvira's arrival. Cut to a rotating still of Wu in the train station, directing people; another shot shows Wu and Pema as a crowd of people pours past them onto a waiting train; yet another set of shots shows Lin and Raiko in his new office on Air Temple Island, as they stare out the window at the city in the distance.
Cut to the field of fortification. Three fences of tank traps and barbed wire stretch across the shot as the army waits behind it. A quick cut to General Iroh and Korra standing together in silence is accompanied by a distant crash. The shot cuts out to an aerial shot facing toward the mountains as more crashes are heard in the distance. Suddenly the shot zooms wildly on the colossal mecha as it emerges from behind a hill. After another close-up shot of the mecha, the shot cuts to its cockpit, where a determined-looking Kuvira stands, staring unblinkingly at her objective. Two separate shots show the shock and disbelief on the faces of the airbenders, Lin, and Raiko. The mecha comes to a stop just in front of the barbed-wire fencing; a distant shot shows the mecha towering over its opponents, an airship floating just behind it. Quick cut to Iroh and Korra; Iroh, like the others, looks shocked, while Korra simply looks defiant. Cut to Raiko's office as he tunes a radio to a proper frequency and speaks into the microphone at his desk.
Raiko says: "Kuvira, this is President Raiko."
Raiko says: "I order you to stand down."
Raiko says: "Turn your army around and leave."
Kuvira says: "You're in no position to give orders."
Raiko says: "Stand down, or we will attack!"
Kuvira says: "I don't think you understand the power I possess."
Kuvira says: "Let me make it clear."
Cut to the interior of the weapon as a vine sample loads into the firing chamber; the arms of the mecha raise into the firing position, and the cannon fires. The beam of energy sails over the city, colliding with a warship in the harbor, which immediately explodes into flame. Another blast from the weapon catches two more warships, which also become engulfed in flames. The shot cuts to Varrick's factory; inside, Mako, Bolin, Asami, Zhu Li, and Varrick watch as the weapon destroys two more warships. Varrick yells out, angry.
Varrick says: "This is exactly why I didn't wanna build that weapon!"
Cut to the battlefield; as smoke rises behind them, Korra and Iroh gaze fearfully at the mecha, which proceeds to turn its cannon downward, toward the army assembled on the field. The men assembled take a few steps back, fearful as well. After a quick shot of Korra and Iroh, a succession of shots shows the burning, sinking ships in the harbor and the airbenders on board trying to lift the crew to safety. Cut back to Raiko, who stares at the burning ships, a terrified uncertainty on his face. Iroh calls through the radio.
Iroh says: "Mister President, do I have your order to engage?"
Kuvira says: "You have three seconds before I wipe out your army."
Raiko snatches up the microphone, addressing Lin briefly.
Raiko says: "I have no choice."
Kuvira says: "Time's up!"
Raiko says: "Stop!"
Raiko says: "We surrender."
Raiko says: "Republic City is yours."
Cut to the mecha's cockpit, as Kuvira straightens up from her battle stance.
Kuvira says: "Good."
Kuvira says: "Turn your army and the Avatar over to me, and give Baatar your location."
Kuvira says: "He'll present you with our terms."
Korra says: "I'm not surrendering!"
Iroh says: "Get back to the city before she sees you."
Iroh says: "And Korra --  --find a way to beat that thing."
Korra says: "I will."
The next shot shows Korra running through the empty camp toward the city and the columns of black smoke rising high into the air beyond. Cut to Kuvira's cockpit as Baatar's voice speaks over the radio.
Baatar Jr.
We've done it, Kuvira. Cut to him, on his airship. And I just got word that President Raiko is on Air Temple Island. I'm heading there now.
Cut to the crew in Varrick's warehouse. As the others stand in groups, Korra walks through the double doors.
Korra says: "Raiko surrendered."
Korra says: "It's down to us now."
Bolin says: "How are we supposed to fight an entire army, a mecha giant, and that crazy weapon?"
Asami says: "We can't fight it, but maybe we can cripple it."
Asami says: "Zhu Li, when you were spying on Kuvira, did you learn anything about that metal monster?"
Zhu Li says: "I had no idea they were even building it."
Varrick says: "Guess Baatar Jr."
Varrick says: "is a better inventor than I thought."
Varrick says: "Don't tell him I said that."
Korra says: "That's it!"
Korra says: "Baatar Jr."
Korra says: "built it, he'll know how to take it down!"
Korra says: "I say we capture him, and get him to talk."
Tenzin says: "Hmm..."
Korra says: "I know it's a long shot, but it's the only chance we have, and if we don't..."
Tenzin says: "Korra, I'm in."
Korra says: "We'll need a stealth team of airbenders to get in and out of Baatar's airship unnoticed."
Korra says: "Tenzin, Bumi, Jinora, Kai, let's get moving."
Meelo says: "What about me?"
Korra says: "- and your farts are just too much of a wild card."
Meelo says: "Okay, point taken."
Cut to somewhere over Republic City says: "Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi."
where Baatar Jr.'s airship is flying toward Air Temple Island says: "Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi."
on its way to met Raiko. As the shot switches to an overhead view says: "Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi."
a sky bison flies into the frame says: "Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi."
high above the airship below. A close-up shows the five people in its saddle says: "Korra, Tenzin, Kai, Jinora, and Bumi."
Cut to somewhere over Republic City says: "Korra turns to the airbenders."
where Baatar Jr.'s airship is flying toward Air Temple Island says: "Korra turns to the airbenders."
on its way to met Raiko. As the shot switches to an overhead view says: "Korra turns to the airbenders."
a sky bison flies into the frame says: "Korra turns to the airbenders."
high above the airship below. A close-up shows the five people in its saddle says: "Korra turns to the airbenders."
Korra says: "Is everyone ready?"
The airbenders all nod their heads. Korra rises to her feet and jumps over the side of the saddle with her glider in hand, the airbenders following her one by one. The frame switches to show them gliding swiftly downward through the air toward the airship. Korra runs up to the hatch leading to the airship's interior as they land, using metalbending to destroy the latch and flipping the hatch open. She silently motions for Bumi and Tenzin to drop in, and Korra follows them through the open hatch, leaving Kai and Jinora to keep watch on the top of the airship. Cut to the interior, where a guard walks down a deserted hallway within the airship. As he passes a empty doorway filled with red light, Korra pokes her head around the threshold and, after a few seconds, motions for the two airbenders to follow her again. The shot shows the three of them tiptoeing down another deserted corridor before coming to a stop at a corner. On the other side is Baatar Jr., inputting a passcode into a security door. The doors open and Baatar walks through; as the doors close, Korra jumps from her cover, metalbending the doors into an open position. As Tenzin and Bumi rush into the room, Baatar's shocked yell can be heard offscreen. There is a noise of Baatar struggling vainly to escape before he is slammed into a thick glass window with a gag over his mouth. Korra and Tenzin hold him in place as Bumi pulls a large sack over his body. The next shot, at the top of the airship, shows the sack containing Baatar Jr. being airbent out of the small hatch, making desperate noises behind his gag; Kai and Jinora catch him as the other climb out of the airship. The final shot of the capture shows Tenzin and Bumi carrying Baatar Jr. between themselves, gliding back toward the city as Kai, Jinora and Korra follow behind.
Cut to Varrick's warehouse; after a brief exterior shot, the scene cuts inside, where a gagged Baatar Jr. sits regarding his captors with a glare of utter, burning dislike. Korra walks over to him and removes his gag; he gasps for air for a moment before speaking.
Baatar Jr.
You've made a terrible mistake. Cut to a shot facing the group, at Baatar's back. Once Kuvira finds out I'm missing, you're all done for.
Korra says: "That's why, before she finds out, you're going to tell us how to stop that mecha giant, or else."
Baatar Jr.
Or else what?
The shot cuts to a close-up of Korra's face. As she looks at Baatar Jr., her eyes flare with the bright blueish-white light of the Avatar State, and she advances on Baatar, grasping him by his bonds and lifting him into the air with one arm. For a moment, he groans and tries to escape, but he regains his composure and looks confidently right back into the glowing eyes.
Baatar Jr.
Smiling. You won't hurt me. I know an empty threat when I see one.
Cut to Korra's face; after a moment, her eyes fade back to normal as she leaves the Avatar State. Exasperated and angry, she lets Baatar fall back to the floor; he groans as he crashes down before speaking to the group.
Baatar Jr.
Was this your best idea? He laughs to himself. You've lost, only you haven't accepted it yet.
Cut to Suyin, walking over to Korra.
Suyin says: "Let me talk to him."
Korra steps back, giving Suyin to floor. As she walks toward her son, the scene cuts to Air Temple Island, where Baatar's airship pulls up next to the central tower. A shot from Raiko's office shows the airship lowering itself to the level of the open floor-to-ceiling window as Raiko, Lin and a few guards stand waiting. Two doors on the side of the airship slide open, revealing two soldiers on the other side; as a metal walkway extends outwards and downwards toward the president and the chief, they step onto it, letting it take them down toward the conquered leaders. The walkway hits the stone floor of the office, coming to a stop. Raiko, Lin, and the soldiers stand waiting for Baatar to emerge. A few seconds pass in silence; the soldiers turn to peer toward the empty doorway after a moment before turning back around to face Raiko and Lin. A third soldier comes running hurriedly down the walkway, and the two other soldiers have a quick, hushed discussion.
Soldier #1.
Are you sure?
Soldier #2.
Check the engine room.
Raiko says: "What's going on?"
Raiko says: "Is everything all right?"
Soldier #3.
Holding up a hand. Just a minute, sir. To the other soldiers, hushed again. I'm telling you, I looked everywhere.
Lin says: "All right, enough whispering!"
Raiko says: "I'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with Baatar Jr."
Raiko says: "Where is he?"
Soldier #3.
Uh ... I'm not really sure.
Upon hearing this, Lin and Raiko give each other looks of grave uncertainty. Cut to the warehouse, where Suyin kneels in front of her son.
Baatar Jr.
If you think I'm going to spill all my secrets to you, Mother, you're sadly mistaken.
Suyin says: "Why are you doing this?"
Suyin says: "I know you set out to help better the world, but this is madness!"
Baatar Jr.
It's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly! The United Republic belongs to us, and we're taking it back.
Suyin says: "But at what cost?"
Suyin says: "How many people have to lose their lives before Kuvira is satisfied?"
Baatar Jr.
Leaning forward against his bonds. It doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender! All that Kuvira and I want is a united Earth Empire!
Suyin says: "We want you back with us."
Baatar Jr.
Turning his head back to Suyin, his expression forceful. Kuvira is my family now.
Suyin closes her eyes, and tears run down her face. The shot cuts to Tenzin, Bumi, and Korra, who have been watching Suyin and Baatar's conversation. Korra turns her head to Tenzin.
Korra says: "We've been going about his all wrong."
Korra says: "I will take away the one thing you care for the most..."
Korra says: "Kuvira."
The angry expression on Baatar's face instantly evaporates into shock, but he collects himself again.
Baatar Jr.
What do you mean?
Korra says: "Kuvira might win."
Korra says: "She might chase us out of the city."
Korra says: "But you won't be around to enjoy the victory."
Korra says: "Because wherever I run, I'll take you."
Korra says: "I am going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again."
Korra says: "Is taking the city worth losing Kuvira forever?"
Baatar Jr.
Suddenly desperate. No! You can't!
Korra says: "I will..."
Korra says: "unless you convince Kuvira to back off."
Korra says: "You two will still have the Earth Empire."
Korra says: "Just leave the United Republic alone."
Cut to Baatar's face, overflowing with shock and disbelief. The scene switches back to the confusion on Air Temple Island. Both groups are standing idly, waiting for Baatar to show himself. Raiko checks his watch. From on board the airship, another soldier appears, holding a two-way radio.
Soldier #4.
It's Kuvira. She wants to talk to Baatar. What should I tell her?
In unison, the soldiers' heads all turn toward Raiko and Lin. Raiko, out of patience, steps forward.
Raiko says: "For goodness' sake, give me that radio!"
Raiko says: "Let me talk to her."
The soldier with the radio complies, stepping down the walkway and giving Raiko the radio. He speaks into it.
Raiko says: "Kuvira, this is Raiko."
Raiko says: "What kind of game are you playing?"
Raiko says: "You told me you would send Baatar over with your terms, and then he doesn't show."
Kuvira says: "What do you mean, "he didn't show"?"
Raiko says: "According to your people, he's not on the airship."
Kuvira says: "If he's not on the airship, then where is he?"
A brief burst of static interrupts the conversation. Baatar Jr.'s voice fills the cockpit.
Baatar Jr.
Over radio. Kuvira? It's Baatar. Cut to the warehouse, where Korra holds the radio up to Baatar's head. I've been captured. My airship was ambushed and I was taken by force. Korra refuses to release me unless we back down and leave the city.
Kuvira says: "Are you injured?"
Baatar Jr.
Over radio. I'm fine.
Kuvira says: "Is the Avatar there with you now?"
Baatar Jr.
Yes, everyone is here.
Kuvira metalbends a switch on her control panel, disallowing her voice to be heard over the other end of the line. She turns to an operator on her left.
Kuvira says: "Find out where that signal's coming from."
As the operator goes to work, Baatar's voice comes through again.
Baatar Jr.
Listen to me. Cut to a close-up of his face. If you try to take Republic City, the Avatar will never let me see you again ... and I refuse to live that way. Cut to Kuvira, listening carefully to Baatar Jr.'s words. Forget the United Republic; we have our empire! We have each other! Cut back to Baatar Jr., as a shadow of happiness and hope flits across his face. Let's go back home and get married. The only thing that matters is that we're together for the rest of our lives.
Cut back to the cockpit. The operator turns his masked face to Kuvira.
Mecha operator says: "We've identified their position."
Kuvira flips the switch back up and talks, her voice thick with emotion.
Kuvira says: "You're right."
Kuvira says: "This city isn't worth sacrificing our life together."
Kuvira says: "I love you, Baatar."
Cut to the warehouse, where Korra releases Baatar from his bonds.
Korra says: "As soon as we work out terms with Kuvira, we'll let you out of here."
The shot zooms to the window on the right, as Mako stands next to it. Through it, in the distance, the colossal mecha can be seen, moving. A cut to the thing itself shows its arms rising upwards, the left steadying the right as the massive barrel swings upward into place. The mecha suit is entering the incipient phases of its firing sequence. Mako turns his head to look out the window. His eyes widen as he realizes what is about to happen.
Mako says: "Guys!"
Mako says: "She must have our location!"
Mako says: "She's pointing that weapon right at us!"
Baatar Jr.
As the shot cuts to a close-up of himself and Bolin, terrified. No! She wouldn't!
Cut to the barrel of the weapon, the telltale purplish glow rising deep within it. Quick zoom back to the warehouse as Korra whirls around, terror and panic on her face.
Korra says: "Everyone out!"
Korra says: "Now!"
Korra says: "Now!"
With a flicker and a ear-splitting boom, the cannon fires, the ray of purple energy screaming across the water of the bay, vaporizing the water it hits as it rises upward. As the beam tears through the factory, it lays waste to the room where the hummingbird mecha suits sit, destroying them in a flash of light and a crushing explosion. Cut to the people within, fleeing as the beam blasts through the room. It passes behind them and the room instantaneously detonates, a blinding fireball rising from the floor beneath and throwing the helpless men and women off their feet into a cloud of dust. They disappear from view as the shot cuts to the outside. The ray of energy dies and the warehouse lies in a smoking, ruinous heap, the water flowing toward the ruined structure through a channel carved into the ground by the beam. Cut to Air Temple Island, where a billowing column of black smoke rises into the air, easily visible in the distance. The low rumble of the massive explosion rolls across the bay. Cut to Raiko and Lin as Raiko drops a pair of binoculars from his eyes.
Raiko says: "No!"
Lin says: "Keep the president safe!"
Lin says: "I'm going to check for survivors."
She jumps from the balcony, the sound of her bending her cables can be heard offscreen. Cut to the mecha lowering its arms, followed by Kuvira in the cockpit. She breathes in, her head turned away from the shot and her eyes closed for a moment as she fights back emotion, and exhales, dropping her head. Her face void of emotion once more and filled with a disassociated resolve, Kuvira raises her eyes to the city beyond.
Roll credits.