Oogi flies toward the Eastern Air Temple carrying Korra, Tenzin, Bumi, Kya, and Jinora's spiritless body. Ikki is laughing and riding on an air scooter near Pema and Meelo as Oogi comes in for a landing.
Meelo says: "Dad's back."
Pema says: "No!"
Pema drops the flowers she was holding. Shot of the flowers hitting the ground. Pema runs over to Tenzin.
Tenzin says: "Her spirit is trapped in the Spirit World, but she's going to be all right."
Pema says: "How could this happen?"
Tenzin says: "It was all my fault."
Tenzin says: "I should have never let Jinora enter the Spirit World without me."
Tenzin says: "I couldn't protect her."
Korra says: "I'm so sorry, Pema."
Korra says: "I tried to save her, but Unalaq tricked me."
Tenzin says: "I'm not going to stop until our little girl is back safe with us."
Cut to Republic City showing the outside of the prison where Mako is being kept with police airships flying overhead, before switching to a side-shot of Mako inside his cell sitting on his bed. The cell door opens suddenly and the shot changes to a frontal of Song.
Song says: "You've got a visitor."
Bolin says: "Hey, Mako."
Mako says: "Hey."
Mako says: "What's with the fancy duds?"
Bolin says: "I'm on my way to the big finale for "Nuktuk: Hero of the South."
Bolin says: ""  Yeah, everyone's gonna be there except for, you know, you..."
Bolin says: "because you're in jail and stuff."
Mako says: "Thanks for the reminder."
Bolin says: "Hey, I brought you something."
Bolin says: "I thought this would brighten up your new place."
Bolin says: "Read the inscription."
Mako says: "Did you come by just to give me a poster?"
Bolin says: "We are brothers, after all, even if one of us is a member of high society and the other one is a criminal."
Mako says: "I am not a criminal!"
Bolin says: "Of course I know that, but you do kinda look like one, cause you're in a jail and that's where criminals live."
Mako says: "I was set up!"
Mako says: "Varrick knew I had figured out he was hiring gangsters to pose as Northern soldiers to get Republic City to join the war."
Mako says: "That's why he had me arrested."
Bolin says: "Ah, I see what you're doing."
Bolin says: "You're going for the insanity defense."
Bolin says: "Smart."
Mako says: "No!"
Mako says: "I'm trying to tell you that Varrick isn't what he seems."
Mako says: "Where's Asami?"
Mako says: "She'll listen to me."
Bolin says: "but I'll be back tomorrow."
Bolin says: "And I am gonna get you the best attorney fame and fortune can buy."
Mako says: "Bolin, wait."
Mako says: "If my theory about Varrick is right, something might go down tonight at your premiere."
Mako says: "Promise me you'll keep your eyes peeled."
Bolin says: "Whew!"
Bolin says: "That insanity defense is definitely gonna work."
Cut to aerial shot of Southern Water Tribe capital. Rebels view the capital city from atop a nearby mountain.
Rebel leader says: "Should we wait another day?"
Rebel leader says: "Korra still might come with reinforcements."
Tonraq says: "We can't wait any longer."
Tonraq says: "It's time to take back what is ours!"
Tonraq says: "It's time to take back our city!"
Rebels says: "Yeah!"
Rebels bend sheets of ice on which they slide down the mountain. Northern Water Tribe soldier in a nearby watchtower notices them and rings a warning bell. Cut to Northern reinforcements being mobilized.
Aerial shot of Pro-bending Arena, before cutting to a large poster of Ginger and Nuktuk hanging above the main entrance. Pan downward showing the doors and a crowd of people as a Satomobile limousine arrives.
Photographer says: "Say "Nuktuk"!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "There they are folks."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The sweethearts of the big screen, and Republic City's most famous couple, Bolin and Ginger."
Bolin says: "Wow, that was fun!"
Bolin says: "And did you hear what Shiro said?"
Bolin says: "We're Republic City's most famous couple."
Ginger says: "Bolin, you're a doll, but you're as dumb as the rocks you bend."
Ginger says: "We are not a couple."
Bolin says: "That's not what Shiro said!"
Close-up of Gang shoving a Varri-cake in his mouth outside of the arena, which zooms out to include Lu in the shot.
Lin Beifong says: "Stop stuffing your mustaches with Varri-cakes and get to your post!"
Gang says: "You got it, boss."
Lin Beifong says: "You two are the pinnacle of refinement."
Shiro Shinobi says: "and they're being greeted by entrepreneur extraordinaire Varrick."
Varrick says: "There they are, my two most honored guests."
Raiko says: "Varrick, you didn't have to do all this for us."
Varrick says: "And that's why I know you're gonna love this mover!"
Raiko says: "Varrick, I know what you're doing, and I doubt your propaganda is going to change my mind about going to war with the Northern Water Tribe."
Varrick says: "Oh, I think you'll be surprised how persuasive I can be."
Cut to the interior of the arena, where the playing area has been fitted with speakers and a giant screen. Cut to an open booth where President Raiko and his wife were seated. Pan to the left of the booth to show two more VIP booths; Bolin, Ginger, and Asami occupy the left booth, and Naga and Pabu are in the right one. Cut to the interior of the animals' booth, where a waiter serves them food. Zoom in to the playing area where Varrick is standing in the darkened arena, with a spotlight shining on him.
Voice narrator says: "When last we left our hero, he was captured by the Evil Unalaq's dastardly pet bird."
Voice narrator says: "And decided to seek out council."
Cut to a seal lion growling, with Nuktuk kneeling in front before a fish is thrown to the animal.
Nuktuk says: "Thank you, wise sage."
Nuktuk says: "I will travel to Republic City and seek help."
Cut to an aerial shot of Republic City before switching to the interior of the president's office, where Nuktuk enters the room to find the president working with chemicals.
Mover president says: "Have a seat, I'm just working on a cure for the common cold."
Mover president says: "No longer will my citizens suffer from the sniffles."
Nuktuk says: "Mister president, there's something more important than the sniffles right now."
Nuktuk says: "I need your help to stop the Evil Unalaq."
Mover president says: "Did you say "help"?"
Mover president says: "If there is one thing I love doing, it's helping people."
Asami says: "I think this is your best mover yet."
Bolin says: "I just wish Mako was here to see it."
Meanwhile, a small boat carrying four men in Northern Water Tribe armor pulls up alongside the arena and the three soldiers begin to climb up to the arena. Cut to close-up of Lu, who is licking the icing off of a Varri-cake, with his and Gang's backs to the window.
Lu says: "Mmm."
Lu says: "I like to eat the top of the Varri-cake first."
Lu says: "I love our job."
They turn and see the four soldiers in the window. The soldiers knock the detectives out and bind and gag them in a locker, leaving the icing and saliva from their Varri-cake on the floor. Cut back to the screen; Nuktuk is chained to the wall while three automatons approach him.
Nuktuk says: "Northern Water Tribe automatons!"
Nuktuk says: "No!"
Automatons says: "Bee bow bop, Nuktuk cannot stop Unalaq, must destroy Nuktuk."
Roh-Tan stops between Nuktuk and the automatons and growls at the machines, forcing them to retreat. Juji joins in the growling, before freeing Nuktuk by firing laser beams from his eyes.
Nuktuk says: "Looks like you forgot that water, and automatons, don't mix."
Automatons says: "Bee bow bop, oh no, circuits no working."
Nuktuk says: "Hahaho!"
Nuktuk says: "We did it!"
Nuktuk says: "But wait, where's Juji?"
Cut to a belly-up Juji who is coughing, while a spotlight shines over him.
Roh-Tan says: "Nuk-no!"
Nuktuk says: "You can't die Juji!"
Nuktuk says: "Not on my watch!"
Juji says: "It's okay, Nuktuk."
Juji says: "At least..."
Juji says: "I got to be  your friend."
Juji licks Nuktuk's fingers before dying. Cut to Roh-Tan who cries.
Nuktuk says: "Juji!"
Bolin sadly exits the booth. Cut to the balcony of the arena, where Asami approaches Bolin.
Asami says: "Are you okay?"
Asami says: "It seems like this mover is really getting to you."
Asami says: "You do know Juji's not really dead?"
Bolin says: "Of course I know."
Bolin says: "Juji's fine."
Bolin says: "He comes back to life in the end when the doomsday device shifts the polarity of the Earth."
Bolin says: "Oops."
Bolin says: "Spoiler."
Bolin says: "Sorry."
Asami says: "Then what's wrong?"
Bolin says: "I guess I just miss my friends."
Bolin says: "Everything is going so well for me, but it feels empty without everyone around."
Bolin says: "Korra's gone, Mako's in jail, you're doing..."
Bolin says: "business-lady stuff."
Bolin says: "Team Avatar's fallen apart."
Asami says: "I know."
Asami says: "Things have changed to much since we first met."
Asami says: "Why don't you come back in and finish watching the mover with me?"
Bolin says: "You go ahead."
Bolin says: "I need another another minute."
Bolin says: "That's weird."
Cut to the back of the arena where Bolin walks to the area where Lu and Gang were and slips on the cake that was dropped earlier, though manages to maintain his balance by stopping into a split. He hears banging on a nearby locker and opens it. He sees Lu and Gang gagged and bound inside. Bolin removes Gang's ropes over his mouth to enable him to speak.
Gang says: "They're after the president!"
Bolin gasps at the revelation. Cut to Raiko's booth where the president and his wife are watching the mover. Cut to the mover.
Evil Unalaq says: "You're too late Nuktuk."
Nuktuk says: "I don't think so."
Raiko and his wife are both pulled backward by unseen figures who have their left hands clasped over their mouths in order to restrain them from making a sound. Cut to a frontal shot of the booth, revealing the figures to be the Northern soldiers, who are now busy tying up the already gagged couple. The president's guards are slumped unconscious against the wall next to the door. As the soldiers finish their job and turn to guide the presidential couple to the door, Bolin barges into the booth, knocking the door out of the wall in the process.
Bolin says: "I don't think so."
Cut to a frontal shot of the kidnappers and their victims. Buttercup manages to wriggle out of her gag and screams; Actress Ginger screams simultaneously in the mover. One of the soldiers sends a water blast in Bolin's direction. Cut to a side-shot of Bolin, who acrobatically flips out of the way. As he lands, he uses his momentum to dislodge a slab of rock from the wall behind him and hurls it at his attacker. Cut to a side-shot of the booth from inside the arena as the waterbender is hit square in the chest and thrown out of the booth, into the pool. Cut to an aerial shot of the arena as the man plunges into the water, screaming. Switch to a close shot of the audience; the people gasp and turn toward the direction of the noise. Cut to Lin who also turns around with suspicion. Cut back to the booth where Bolin punches the floor, crackling the ground with an earth wave which throws the three remaining waterbenders against the ceiling. When they land on the floor, Bolin throws another punch straight forward. Cut to a looking up shot from inside the arena as the three soldiers are thrown out of the booth after each being hit by a rock. They land with heavy thuds on the metal bridge which allows access to the playing field from the players' locker. Cut back to inside the booth where Bolin has untied the president and his wife; Buttercup hugs her husband.
Bolin says: "Mister President, get back, I'm here to help."
Without hesitation, he runs to the edge of the booth and humps down. He lands in a crouch, ripping the sleeves of his suit as he lands. He stands up and tears his sleeves off completely, a determined look adorning his face. Bolin cracks his neck and walks forward. Cut to an aerial shot as he approaches the three assailants standing on the arena. Cut to a frontal shot of Bolin.
Bolin says: "Looks like there's no where to go."
A waterbender attacks Bolin with water from the playing area, but he manages to dodge the attack. Cut to the audience who gasp in fear. Cut to an aerial shot of the playing area where Bolin engages the trio, before focusing to Lin and her officers.
Lin Beifong says: "Secure the president and call for backup immediately!"
The officers run off for reinforcements. Cut to the playing area where Bolin avoids the attacks. He bends out three earth discs and each disc at a waterbender. One of them got hit and is incapacitated. The remaining two waterbenders continue attacking. Bolin dodges one of the waterbender's attack, while Nuktuk avoids Unalaq's attack in a similar fashion. Bolin attempts to attack one of them, but is thrown aside by a water hose by the other bender.
Ginger/Actress Ginger says: "Bolin, look out!"
Ginger/Actress Ginger says: "/Nuktuk, look out!"
Bolin runs to the speaker on the right, before changing course to avoid an attack. When attacked on the other side, he stops at the center and bends out two entire stacks of earth discs. The waterbenders throw hoses at Bolin, which he blocks using the stacks, while Nuktuk hides from Unalaq's attack from behind a pillar. Bolin waits for the moment before throwing the stack at the waterbenders, which successfully hit them. Bolin throws discs from the stacks to the waterbenders, while Nuktuk continues throwing streams of water.
Shiro Shinobi says: "so all rules are out the window!"
Cut back to the dust filled arena, where Bolin bends out an earth disc and knocks out one of the soldiers. He knocks out another soldier. The other soldier waterbends and prepares to attack Bolin, but Bolin dodges the attack and bends out two discs to shield himself from another water blast. Bolin fights the last soldier one-on-one, with both fighters circling each other while dodging each other's attacks. Bolin leaps and throws a disc at the soldier, knocking him out to a nearby speaker.
Bolin says: "Tell me who sent you!"
Soldier says: "It was Varrick, please don't hurt me, Nuktuk!"
Bolin instantly becomes shocked. He drops his earth disc and turns to look up at Varrick, whom is now worried.
Varrick says: "I think this is our cue to exit."
Zoom out to reveal Lin blocking the exit.
Lin Beifong says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Varrick eyes the surroundings uneasily. Cut back to a shocked Bolin. The soldier attempts to attack Bolin, but he retaliates in time and slams a disc to his stomach, tossing him into the pool, while Unalaq is defeated.
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's a knockout!"
Cut to the the audience and Asami, who cheer at Bolin. Bolin turns and waves back at the audience with Nuktuk.
Cut to the Southern Tribe at night. Cut to the streets where Northern soldiers retreat from the rebels.
Tonraq says: "They're falling back!"
A low howl is heard. The rebels turn to see dark spirits perched on the walls of buildings, with Desna and Eska standing on the roof. They turn around to see Unalaq riding a large dark spirit. Cut to a close-up of Unalaq, followed by one of Tonraq.
Cut back to the arena where Varrick and Zhu Li were led into a police truck. A reporter takes a picture.
Lin Beifong says: "Varrick's plan was to kidnap you and blame it on the North."
Lin Beifong says: "Then Republic City would have no choice, but to join the war on the side of the South."
Raiko says: "I can't believe Varrick would do something like this, and no one saw it coming."
Lin Beifong says: "Actually someone did."
Lin Beifong says: "Remember Mako?"
Raiko says: "You got a great officer on your hands."
Lin Beifong says: "He's one of the best."
Cut to the entrance where many reporters are taking pictures of Bolin. Ginger runs up to the beaming Bolin and kisses him, taking him aback. When the kissing stops, Bolin looks on dreamily.
Ginger says: "I can't believe my boyfriend is a real life hero!"
Bolin says: "Boyfriend?"
Bolin says: "Wait, stop."
Bolin says: "I thought you said we weren't a couple."
Ginger says: "You really are as dumb as those rocks."
Ginger says: "Of course we're a couple."
Asami says: "Bolin you saved the president!"
Asami says: "And you proved Mako was right all along."
Asami says: "We have to go tell him what happened."
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Bolin says: "Oh, you meant right now."
Bolin turns up to see Oogi descending to the Arena. Korra jumps off the bison and approaches the president.
Korra says: "President Raiko!"
Raiko says: "Avatar Korra?"
Raiko says: "What's wrong?"
Korra says: "Sir, I know I've asked for your help before, but things have changed."
Korra says: "Unalaq doesn't just wanna take over the South anymore."
Korra says: "He wants to destroy the whole world."
Raiko looks on in fear.
Bolin says: "Unalaq is going to destroy the world?"
Bolin says: "He really does have a doomsday device?"
Korra says: "He's trying to release a powerful dark spirit during Harmonic Convergence, which is only a few days away."
Korra says: "If he succeeds, the world as we know it, is over."
Korra says: "Sir, we desperately need your help."
Raiko says: "I'm sorry, Korra, but my answer is still no."
Korra and Aang's children widen their eyes in shock.
Tenzin says: "There are lives on the line!"
Tenzin says: "And my daughter is one of them!"
Tenzin says: "Raiko, you must reconsider!"
Raiko says: "I'm aware that lives are on the line."
Raiko says: "And that's precisely why my troops are staying here."
Raiko says: "If the world is going to be thrown into chaos as you claim, I need to protect my citizens."
Raiko says: "I'm sorry."
Bolin says: "Sir, Nuktuk needs your help."
Bolin says: "I know you love helping people."
Raiko says: "Son, I appreciate you saving my life and I'm a big fan of your work, but my decision is final."
Bolin says: "Never should have saved that guy."
Asami says: "If you guys need help, I'm here for you."
Bolin says: "Yeah, me too."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Korra says: "It's so good to see you guys again."
Korra says: "Wait."
Korra says: "Where's Mako?"
Cut to a low angle medium close shot of Mako sitting in his cell. He hears the door open and looks toward it. Cut to a wider shot of the cell from the back as we see Bolin enter.
Mako says: "So, how was the big premiere?"
Bolin says: "I saved the president, in real life!"
Mako says: "Wait, wh-what?"
Bolin says: "You were right about Varrick."
Bolin says: "He tried to kidnap Raiko!"
Mako says: "I knew it!"
Bolin says: "But it didn't work, because of you, and because of me."
Bolin says: "Let's just say we both did good."
Bolin says: "Beifong says you're free to go."
Bolin says: "Sorry for ever doubting you, Mako."
Mako says: "Don't worry about it bro."
Mako and Bolin hug each other. Cut to the visitor area where the brothers walk out and are greeted by claps.
Lin Beifong says: "Nice job, Mako."
Lin Beifong says: "You're going to make a great detective."
Gang says: "But chief, there aren't any detective openings right now."
Lin Beifong says: "Actually we have two openings."
Lu and Gang stare at each other in shock. Cut to a close-up of Mako smiling warmly. Close-up of Mako, where he turns to the left and his smile widens as he looks at Asami. Cut to a shot of Asami smiling back at him. Korra runs forward and kisses him, with Asami being taken aback and Bolin startled at the kiss.
Korra says: "Mako, I've missed you so much."
Bolin eyes Asami, who looks at Mako in annoyance and betrayal. Bolin eyes the situation awkwardly.
Bolin says: "Oh yeah, did I forget to tell you?"
Bolin says: "Korra's back."
Mako says: "Korra..."
Mako says: "hey, I missed you, too."
Mako says: "So you're not still mad at me?"
Korra says: "Why would I be mad?"
Mako says: "We had that fight before you left, remember?"
Korra says: "No, not really."
Korra says: "I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while."
Korra says: "Maybe it hasn't all come back yet."
Korra says: "Was it a bad fight?"
Tenzin says: "Korra, we don't have much time."
Tenzin says: "We need to figure out how to deal with Unalaq."
Bolin says: "I think I know just the man to talk to."
Cut to a lavish prison cell where Varrick is detained. The businessman turns to look at his guests.
Varrick says: "Guys, hey,  Whip up a pot of that green tea I love!"
Zhu Li says: "Yes, sir."
Korra says: "Zhu Li's in prison with you?"
Varrick says: "Of course!"
Varrick says: "I don't go anywhere without my assistant."
Varrick says: "Do you?"
Mako says: "We're not interested in your tea."
Mako says: "And this isn't a friendly visit."
Varrick says: "Don't tell me you guys are still mad about everything that happened."
Varrick says: "I did some good things, too."
Varrick says: "Oh yeah, guess that was a bad thing."
Asami says: "You stole everything from me and you tried to kidnap the president."
Asami says: "Those are pretty bad, too."
Varrick says: "I wasn't going to hurt him."
Varrick says: "I just needed to start a war."
Varrick says: "Well, a bigger war."
Bolin says: "Well we're gonna end it."
Bolin says: "Where's all the stuff you stole from Asami?"
Varrick says: "The Future Industries' stuff?"
Varrick says: "It's on my battleship."
Korra says: "You have a battleship?"
Varrick says: "Of course I do!"
Varrick says: "I bought the first one they made!"
Varrick says: "Named her the "Zhu Li"."
Bolin says: "You named your battleship after your assistant?"
Varrick says: "Yup."
Varrick says: "They're both cold, heartless war machines."
Zhu Li says: "Your tea, sir."
Varrick says: "My battleship, it's yours, and everything on it."
Korra says: "It's not the fleet we were looking for, but it's the next best thing."
Bolin says: "All right!"
Bolin says: "Team Avatar is back in business."
Bolin says: "Haha!"
Bolin grabs Korra by the shoulder and pulls her toward Mako and Asami, where the four share a group hug. Lin smiles at the youngsters in pride.
Cut to the Zhu Li, where Korra is standing at the deck, looking out into the vast ocean.
Mako says: "It's okay."
Mako says: "We're going to stop Unalaq, and get Jinora back."
Korra says: "I hope my dad's all right."
Mako says: "I'm sure he's fine."
Cut back to the Southern Tribe, where Tonraq is attacking a dark spirit perched on a wall. The spirit jumps off to avoid the attack and slams on the ground, knocking off a rebel with its tail before charging at Tonraq again, where he retaliates with a water blast, dissipating it. He turns, only to be knocked back with a water stream. A rebel assists with a stream, but gets knocked back. Cut to the assailants, who are Desna and Eska. Tonraq dodges the attack and retreats behind a pillar for cover. He braces himself to shield from another attack.
Tonraq says: "Get the men and fall back."
Rebel says: "What about you?"
Tonraq shields himself from another attack before noticing his brother walking with attacking soldiers and a dark spirit.
Tonraq says: "I'm going to end this, right now."
Tonraq says: "Go."
Tonraq bends an ice wall, separating the twins. Desna dodges before bending out an ice shield, only for Tonraq to destroy it. Tonraq runs across the alley and attacks two soldiers before freezing the other two.
Unalaq says: "Hello, Tonraq."
Unalaq says: "Looking for me?"
Tonraq bends a massive stream at Unalaq, who stops it with an ice shield. In the mist, Unalaq attacks Tonraq with a massive ice block, throwing him some distance.
Unalaq says: "Brother, I'm too strong for you."
Tonraq says: "You're no brother of mine."
Tonraq says: "You betrayed me, you had me banished!"
Unalaq says: "Yes!"
Unalaq says: "I did."
Enraged, Tonraq charges at Unalaq with waterbending, only for his momentum to be stopped by Desna and Eska.
Unalaq says: "Stop!"
Unalaq says: "He's mine."
Unalaq's children stop bending and step back.
Tonraq says: "You are not the true chief."
Unalaq says: "I am."
Unalaq says: "And you will bow to me."
Unalaq bends the snow beneath him, slamming Tonraq against an ice wall. Tonraq bends out a stream, which Unalaq catches and spins into a circle. As Tonraq charges, he uses the stream to form ice structures, which Tonraq manages to dodge and counter. Unalaq bends out a large stream, which Tonraq dodges at the last minute before protecting himself with a wall and attacking Unalaq. Behind the wall, he rides an ice sheet and charges toward Unalaq, the scene proceeding in slow motion. Before Tonraq can land the final blow, Unalaq knocks him off with an ice pillar. He approaches Tonraq and demolishes all the ice structures, before freezing him. He smirks in victory while Tonraq closes his eyes, bracing himself for the impact. Unalaq bends out a stream, shattering the ice and knocking Tonraq out.
Unalaq says: "Now that I've defeated you, your daughter is next."
Cut to credits.