The episode starts with Oogi flying down toward the ground of Air Temple Island. As the camera pans down, it shows the air temple beside the Yin and Yang courtyard with the mountains and the rest of Republic City behind it.
Korra says: "catch a few pro-bending matches?"
Cut to a side shot of the dining room. Besides the table Korra and Tenzin are sitting on, there are three more tables occupied by other people, all donned in the yellow and red attire, typical of the Air Nomad culture. Air Acolytes of both genders are eating and drinking together.
Korra says: "Come on, Tenzin!"
Korra says: "I've dreamed about seeing a pro-bending match since I was a kid  the arena."
Tenzin says: "So, for the time being, I want you to remain on the island."
Korra says: "to watch my every move?"
Tenzin says: "Yes."
Tenzin says: "In order to learn airbending I believe you require a calm,  quiet environment, free from any distractions."
Korra says: "you're the master."
Switch to a shot from behind Korra as she turns around and looks out the window behind her with a longing look upon her face. The camera slowly zooms in on her, before switching to a shot outside of the dining room window through which the golden building that houses the pro-bending matches can be seen. The scene slowly moves toward it.
Switch to Tenzin and Korra walking outside underneath a wooden shed. A ring-tailed flying lemur soars by as the camera slowly pans to the left as the duo is walking on. Korra is now wearing typical Air Nomad attire instead of her usual Water Tribe clothing.
Tenzin says: "So, my mother informed me that  you've never been able to airbend before."
As Tenzin mentions that, Korra stops in her tracks and sighs deeply, while the scene keeps following Tenzin as he walks on. Cut to a broader shot as Tenzin turns to face her. Korra has modified her outfit a bit by stripping up her sleeves, leaving her arms bare.
Korra says: "nothing."
Tenzin says: "For Aang, it was earthbending."
Korra says: "Yeah."
Korra says: "Well, I'm about as opposite an airbender as you can get."
Tenzin says: "Let's begin your first lesson."
Korra stares dumbfounded at Tenzin's back. Switch to back shot of both Tenzin and Korra as they climb some stairs. As the camera moves up with them, Tenzin's children come into view. Ikki is jumping excitedly up and down while clapping her hands; Jinora stands solemnly in the middle; Meelo is vividly waving at the upcoming duo. Behind them, there is a circle filled with several wooden gates, all standing in a different direction. The elemental symbol of airbending is applied to every gate.
Ikki says: "Korra's gonna airbend!"
Ikki says: "Korra's gonna airbend!"
Korra says: "What is that contraption?"
The scene switches to a back shot of the three children as Korra and Tenzin pull up. Korra gazes in awe at the airbending tool.
Tenzin says: "A time-honored tool that teaches the most fundamental aspect of airbending."
Tenzin says: "Jinora, would you like to explain this exercise?"
Jinora says: "The goal is to weave your way through the gates and make it to the other side without touching them."
Korra says: "Seems easy enough."
Ikki says: "Jinora forgot to say that you have to make it through while the gates are spinning."
Cut to a shot of Tenzin's boots as he walks up to the gates and takes on an airbending stance. Switch to a frontal shot; the camera pans up as he twists and turns his hands. The scene freezes on his face for a moment when he elevates his hands above his head. The camera quickly moves back to include the gates in the shot the moment Tenzin thrusts his hands forward, releasing a burst of air. His coat flaps in the wind, and the gates start to spin rapidly. The camera switches to an aerial shot of the events, moving forward to the gates, now all spinning. Briefly switch to a side shot of Tenzin as he tranquilly holds up a leaf, before switching to a shot from his point of view, the leaf held between his thumb and index finger.
Tenzin says: "Jinora will demonstrate."
Cut to a shot of Tenzin looking seriously at his daughter who is looking up. She decisively runs up to the gates, Tenzin follows her with his gaze. Cut to Jinora as she weaves her way through the ancient airbending tool. Cut to a side shot as she is rapidly switching direction each time a spinning panel comes near her.
Tenzin says: "Airbending is all about spiral movements."
Tenzin says: "When you meet resistance, you must be able to switch direction at a moment's notice."
Cut to an overview shot of Jinora making her way through the spinning objects. Briefly cut to her feet as she is walking up to the rim of the spinning panels; switch to a wider shot as Jinora exits through the other side of the airbending tool. Cut to a wide side shot as the panels are losing speed and start to spin slower. Jinora turns and blows another gust of wind through the panels, making them spin rapidly again. The camera pans to the right along with the gust of wind.
Korra says: "Let's do this!"
Korra decisively runs into the airbending tool, colliding against the first panel she encounters. Being thrown to the side, she slams right into the next one. Close-up of Tenzin as he grimaces in pain upon witnessing Korra colliding with every panel she comes across. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra inside the spinning airbending tool, as she is hit by two other panels. Aerial shot of Korra as she is catapulted from panel to panel and eventually tossed out on her behind in front of Tenzin and his children. She scrambles back on her feet. Cut to a frontal shot of the airbending family; they are blocked from view as Korra stands up completely again, an annoyed and determined look across her face. She runs back in, narrowly avoiding the first two gates, but colliding into the next ones.
Jinora says: "Don't force your way through!"
Cut back to a shot of Korra inside the spinning panels as she is hit by every plank.
Ikki says: "Dance!"
Ikki says: "Dance like the wind!"
Cut to Korra, grunting as she is knocked back by another panel.
Meelo says: "Be the leaf!"
Cut to a side shot of Korra, grinding her teeth together as she runs up. After getting slammed in the face by a panel so hard, she spins around her own axis a few times before falling knocked out on the ground before Tenzin. Switch to a frontal shot of Tenzin as he takes a deep breath and shakes his head.
The screen fades into an image of Air Temple Island at night. Switch to a close side shot of Korra on the courtyard.
Korra says: "Airbend!"
Korra says: "What is wrong with me?"
Korra says: "Airbend!"
Korra repeats the same action with her arms to no avail. Close-up of Naga as she softly growls. Cut to a frontal shot of a wide-eyed Korra, who is still standing in the same position, but now shaking in frustration and quickly losing her patience. Sighing deeply, Korra thrusts her fist forward at the paper, burning it and the wire it was suspended on to ash. Camera moves back to a broader shot.
Korra says: "Maybe I'm just not cut out to be an airbender, huh, Naga?"
Switch to a closer shot of Korra as her curiosity is suddenly peeked upon hearing a radio broadcast. She quickly locates the source of the sound; the camera pans to the right to follow her gaze and show the it hails from a side building of the temple.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Grab your snacks and grab your kids because this next match is gonna be a doozy!"
Camera pans up, showing Korra balancing on the roof. She squats down at the end and settling in eagerly; switch to a back shot as she looks out over Yue Bay toward the lit arena.
Shiro Shinobi says: "This Mako's got moxy!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "He advances, fires two quick shots."
Suddenly, the light on the radio goes out and it is turned off just on the climax. Cut to Korra as her expression changes from one of utter excitement to horrific disappointment, her irises shrink and her eye twitches. Switch to a back shot of Tenzin. The three White Lotus sentries, huddled around the radio, jump up and turn around in surprise to face the airbending master. Frontal shot of Tenzin as he tosses the radio plug he unplugged on the ground.
Tenzin says: "Korra, come down here please."
Korra peeks down from on the roof. The three White Lotus members turn and quickly jump back in surprise to find the Avatar on the roof. Korra descends and lands between the White Lotus sentries, who still eye her in surprise.
Korra says: "You shut it off at the best part!"
Tenzin says: "I thought I made myself clear."
Tenzin says: "I don't want you listening to this distracting nonsense."
Korra says: "You didn't say anything about listening to one."
Tenzin says: "Anyway shouldn't y-?"
Tenzin says: "Shouldn't you be in bed by now?"
Tenzin turns in annoyance, leaving a trail of wind to ruffle an unimpressed Korra's clothing and hair.
Scene changes to the base rock of Air Temple Island as a sky bison flies past it. Screen pans up to show a small meditating area says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
as the flying bison flies above it says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
goes away. Cut to a frontal shot of Tenzin sitting in front of Jinora says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
Ikki says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
Meelo says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
Korra says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
all perched in lotus while meditating. Korra scratches her behind. Cut to a close-up of Korra's face as she sniffs twice says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
eventually opens her eyes. Switch to a side shot of the three children says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
Korra says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
as the latter leans forward to look to them says: "they are all sitting tranquilly."
Scene changes to the base rock of Air Temple Island as a sky bison flies past it. Screen pans up to show a small meditating area says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
as the flying bison flies above it says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
goes away. Cut to a frontal shot of Tenzin sitting in front of Jinora says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
Ikki says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
Meelo says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
Korra says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
all perched in lotus while meditating. Korra scratches her behind. Cut to a close-up of Korra's face as she sniffs twice says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
eventually opens her eyes. Switch to a side shot of the three children says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
Korra says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
as the latter leans forward to look to them says: "Upon seeing this, Korra sits up straight again, taking on the meditating posture again."
Scene changes to the base rock of Air Temple Island as a sky bison flies past it. Screen pans up to show a small meditating area says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
as the flying bison flies above it says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
goes away. Cut to a frontal shot of Tenzin sitting in front of Jinora says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
Ikki says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
Meelo says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
Korra says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
all perched in lotus while meditating. Korra scratches her behind. Cut to a close-up of Korra's face as she sniffs twice says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
eventually opens her eyes. Switch to a side shot of the three children says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
Korra says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
as the latter leans forward to look to them says: "The floorboard squeaks with every movement she makes."
Scene changes to the base rock of Air Temple Island as a sky bison flies past it. Screen pans up to show a small meditating area says: "Switch to broader side shot."
as the flying bison flies above it says: "Switch to broader side shot."
goes away. Cut to a frontal shot of Tenzin sitting in front of Jinora says: "Switch to broader side shot."
Ikki says: "Switch to broader side shot."
Meelo says: "Switch to broader side shot."
Korra says: "Switch to broader side shot."
all perched in lotus while meditating. Korra scratches her behind. Cut to a close-up of Korra's face as she sniffs twice says: "Switch to broader side shot."
eventually opens her eyes. Switch to a side shot of the three children says: "Switch to broader side shot."
Korra says: "Switch to broader side shot."
as the latter leans forward to look to them says: "Switch to broader side shot."
Korra says: "I think I'm doing it wrong."
Tenzin says: "Is something..."
Tenzin says: "funny?"
Korra says: "Yeah, you're telling me to embrace freedom, but you won't even let me listen to the radio."
Korra says: "And forget about leaving this island!"
Tenzin says: "Look at Meelo; he's able to meditate peacefully."
Korra turns to look at Meelo. Switch to a frontal shot of Meelo, who has a greenish bubble suspended on his nose that increases and decreases with his every breath. He is both drooling and snoring.
Korra says: "Actually, I think he's asleep."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Tenzin says: "Well, at least he has the relaxing part down."
Korra says: "Whatever."
Korra says: "None of this airbending stuff makes any sense to me."
Korra says: "I'm gonna go get a glass of lychee juice."
Tenzin says: "Korra, the meditation's not over yet!"
Ikki says: "Daddy, can I have some lychee juice too?"
Tenzin says: "No."
Ikki's smile immediately turns to a frown, as Jinora peeks through an eye. Meelo, still asleep, sways forward before falling backward with a groan, where he continues his nap.
Scene fades to the air temple's courtyard at night, where several White Lotus sentries stand watch before Korra's room. Cut to the window from inside her room, as it is opened to a crack to show a White Lotus member standing below. Switch to a frontal shot of Korra peeking from the window. Cut to the guard below, walking off to his right. The moment he turns, Korra jumps out of the window and lands softly in the middle of the courtyard. Switch to a frontal shot of her as she is running away, and an aerial shot the moment she reaches the end of the rock the island is built on and jumps off it without hesitation. Cut to a point of view looking up as she softens the impact of her fall by raising the water with her waterbending. Switch to below the water where Korra elegantly cleaves through the water; the screen pans up to show that she is heading toward the brightly lit Pro-bending Arena, on which the camera starts to zoom.
Scene fades to black and opens again with a shot of Air Temple Island from afar. Camera pans to the right, showing the path that leads to the arena, before cutting to Korra raising her head from the waters at the side of the building. Camera pans up to reveal an open window several meters above her. Switch back to Korra who smiles and uses a water spout to elevate her toward the window; side shot as she throws herself through. As she slide-lands against the wall, she jumps up in the same movement, spinning rapidly around and dries the water off her with her bending. She walks away and turns into a hallway. As she passes a large room, her curiosity is peeked. The camera rapidly moves back from a frontal shot of Korra toward the back of the room, revealing that it is a pro-bending gym. Among the equipment are punching bags, dumbbell weights, nets, pommel horses, and earth disks. Cut back briefly toward Korra's grinning, excited face as she goes inside without hesitation, before changing back to the wider shot, showing how she walks up to the middle of the room and looks around at everything.
Toza says: "what're you doin' in my gym?"
Camera changes to a side shot of the two. As Korra and Toza converse in the foreground, a man in his uniform and pads walks past the doorway to the gym in the hall.
Korra says: "Uh, I was just looking for a bathroom and I got lost."
Toza says: "I'm taking you to security!"
Korra says: "No, wait!"
Bolin says: "she's with me."
Korra says: "Yeah, I'm with him."
Bolin says: "So, you see, we're together."
Korra says: "Well, not together together, more like friends."
Bolin says: "Right, friends."
Korra says: "Oh, you implied it."
Toza says: "Ah, I don't care what you are!"
Toza says: "I got work to do."
Switch to a broader shot as he walks away while wiping his forehead with the towel that hung around his neck. He throws it to the ground and loosens his left arm.
Bolin says: "Rrright this way, miss."
Cut to Toza as he lifts a barbell with earthbending, and throws it to the side. He does the same with another barbell.
Korra says: "And thank you, sir!"
Korra says: "Seriously, thanks."
They both walk away, smiling broadly, while Toza keeps repeating his exercise. The scene changes to a door being opened, with Korra and Bolin coming in. Korra glances around while Bolin smiles confidently.
Bolin says: "Whaddya think?"
Bolin says: "Best seats in the house, huh?"
Korra directs her gaze in the same direction as Bolin, her mouth falling open; screen zooms out to a shot of the entire Pro-bending Arena from inside. All the spots are directed at the playing field, and the stadium is packed with people.
Korra says: "This place is even more amazing than I imagined!"
Bolin says: "Name's Bolin, by the way."
Korra says: "Korra."
Mako says: "Bolin."
Switch to a shot from Mako's point of view as Bolin turns around, and walks toward Mako.
Bolin says: "Yeah?"
Mako says: "I told you, you have to stop bringing your crazy fangirls in here before the matches."
Mako says: "Get her out of here."
Bolin says: "Come here, I want you to meet my brother, Mako."
Korra says: "Mako?"
Korra says: "Wow, I-I heard you playing on the radio."
Mako says: "Come on, Bolin, we're up."
Korra says: "..."
Korra says: "or I could meet him later."
Bolin says: "Not..."
Bolin says: "that I'll need it."
Switch to a wide back shot of the entire locker room looking out to the arena as Bolin runs up to his team mates.
Korra says: "Knock 'em out!"
Cut to an aerial shot of the ring as all the lights go off. A spot directly over the ring is switched on. Switch to a ground view from the arena, where the announcer emerges under loud cheers from the center of the ring, one hand raised. He is holding a microphone.
Ring announcer says: "Introooooducing  the Fire Ferrets!"
The platform the team is standing on slowly moves toward the arena. Bolin and Hasook are waving to the fans, while Mako solemnly stands in the middle. Cut to a closer shot of the three players; Mako and Bolin are smiling and they are all waving. Bolin puts his hand to his ear when a fan of him screams.
Fangirl says: "Aaaaaah!"
Fangirl says: "I love you, Bolin!"
Fangirl says: "Aaaaaah!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "But tonight, they face their toughest test yet, folks."
Switch to a rapidly panning up shot from the side of the ring, showing the players as they all take on a fighting stance. Cut to a bell being struck. Cut to an aerial shot of the arena as the teams immediately start bending.
Shiro Shinobi says: "And they're off!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The two teams waste no time trying to blast each other out of zone one!"
Closer shot as Bolin ducks under a fire blast and Mako fires one himself. Bolin raises an earth disc with his hand and kicks it to his opponent. Close-up of the focused firebender opponent, who destroys the disc with a quick fire arc from his hand. He retaliates with two blasts. Cut to a shot from inside one of the metal grates looking up; Hasook dives on the ground to avoid a fire blast. As he gets on his feet again, he pulls up water from the grate. Switch to a frontal shot of him as he uses the water to block a fire blast, but slides back a bit due to the power of the blast.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Hasook is the first to feel the heat of the Tigerdillos!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "He tries to return the favor, but they're too fast for him, while Mako shows off his trademark "cool under fire" style!"
Hasook pulls up more water and blasts it at the other team. Switch to his point of view. The earthbending player nimbly cartwheels to his right out of the way of the water blast, the camera following his motion. As he stands on his feet again, the camera switches to an overview position as he raises an earth disc with his hand and kicks it over to Mako. Switch to Mako who calmly moves out of the way of both the disc and a fire blast. He retaliates with two fire blasts, before ducking under a water bullet and avoiding another earth disc. Slow motion close-up of his focused face. The camera quickly moves back again as the speed returns to normal and Mako shoots a fire blast at the earthbender opponent. The firebender and waterbender opponent move to the front and attack. Switch to a side shot of the Fire Ferrets as Hasook and Bolin are hit with a water and fire blast respectively, and knocked backward into zone two.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Oooh, the Tigerdillos score with a walloping one-two combo!"
Frontal shot of the Fire Ferrets, as Bolin and Hasook quickly scramble on their feet. Mako directs his attention again to his opponents. Switch to Korra who is clutching her head in despair; switch back to a side shot of the fight. Mako jumps up and spins around his axis in the air, successfully avoiding an earth disc and fire blast. As he lands after flipping out of the way of another fire blast, he is hit square in the chest by an earth disc. Close-up of the metal grate, as the impact of the disc pushes Mako's foot over it; the grate immediately lights up red and a horn blows.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Can their teammate hold on to their zone one territory?"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Guess not!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Tigerdillos get the green light and advance into Ferret territory!"
Korra says: "Come on, Ferrets!"
Back view of the Tigerdillo waterbending player as he directs a blast at Mako. The water is blocked by Bolin's earth disc; Mako jumps up and retaliates with a fire kick at the waterbender. Switch point of view to that of the Fire Ferrets, as the player jumps over the fire blast and kicks an earth disc out of the way. Side-view of the Ferrets as the earth disc hits Hasook and knocks him back to zone three.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Looks like Hasook's in trouble!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "He's in zone three teetering over the drink!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And Hasook takes a dip!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "He'll be back for round two!"
Cut to Mako and Bolin who dodge an earth and water attack. Side shot as Bolin raises an earth disc to protect himself against a water blast, but is pushed back to zone three. Mako lands in the third zone as well the moment a bell rings.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Assuming the fabulous bending brothers can hold their ground until the next round."
Announcer says: "Golden Temple Tigerdillos!"
Mako says: "Come on, Hasook!"
Mako says: "Get your act together!"
Shot of a bell being struck. Switch back to Tigerdillos standing on a row, each player having their element at the ready to attack. Cut to an aerial shot as the Fire Ferrets are pushed back in the second zone; the line separating zone one and two turns red.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Fire Ferrets are knocked into zone two and the Tigerdillos advance!"
The Tigerdillo earthbender direct a disc at Hasook who blocks it with his waterbending. Both Mako and Bolin attack the other team. The speed slows down as Bolin knocks the earth disc at the other team. Switch to a frontal view of the Tigerdillo waterbender as he attacks. As soon as his water blast has left his hand, he is hit square in the chest by Bolin's earth disc. Switch to Mako as he punches two fire blasts. Camera quickly moves to the right and the speed slows again to show Hasook send two water arcs at the Tigerdillos. Cut to the Tigerdillo earthbending being knocked to the ground. Switch to Bolin raising and firing an earth disc. Cut to a back view of the Tigerdillos as their earthbending player is knocked back a zone. Switch to a side-view as the firebending and waterbending member are hit back by a fire and water blast, respectively. A bell signals the end of round two. Cut to a frontal shot of a panting Mako who quickly dons a serious look again and celebrating Bolin and Hasook.
Shiro Shinobi says: "still anyone's match as we go into the third and final round!"
A bell is struck and both team jump back. Cut to a back view of Hasook as the Tigerdillo waterbender raises some water and aims at Hasook. He tumbles out of the way and quickly runs on to avoid another water blast. Cut to a frontal shot of the Fire Ferrets as Hasook arms himself with some water and the Tigerdillo earthbender raises a disc. Mako destroys the disc with a fire punch and Hasook shoot his water bullet. As Bolin launches an earth disc, Hasook is hit by a water blast and crashes into Bolin.
Shiro Shinobi says: "oh, too late!"
Side shot of right above the water as Hasook and Bolin fall in; a buzzer sounds.
Korra says: "Oh, no!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Scratch that, it's one on one, and it's an earth and fire slllugfest!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "There's so much smoke and dust from the firefight, I can't even see where the Fire Ferret is!"
Side shot as Mako and the earthbender keep attacking each other; Mako's fire blast destroy the earth discs in full flight, covering the field in dust. He shoots a powerful fire arc in the dust cloud. An overview shot as the Tigerdillo is knocked back into his zone three. Frontal shot as the earthbender raises a disc in front of him with a concentrated look; his eyes open wide. Change to his point of view. Mako emerges from the smoke, a fire ball ready in his right fist. He uses the momentum of his descent to increase the power of his blast and knocks the Tigerdillo of the playing field. The camera follows the earthbender as he plunges down into the moat. Cut to an overview shot of the entire arena, as a bell is struck multiple times.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Mako pulls off the upset of the season, winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!"
The camera turns around Mako as he takes off his helmet while the crowd goes wild. Frontal shot of Korra, looking at the playing field in awe. The camera slowly zooms in on her and she smiles broadly. Switch to a broader back view of her as Bolin jumps back in the locker room.
Bolin says: "Woohoo!"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "So, what'd ya think, Korra?"
Bolin says: "Bolin's got some moves, huh?"
Korra says: "What did I think?"
Korra says: "What did I think?"
Korra says: "That was am​azing!"
Korra playfully pushes Bolin backward. The camera pans to the left as he stumbles off screen. Mako and Hasook walk up toward the locker room.
Mako says: "You did more harm than good out there."
Mako says: "You almost cost us the match!"
Hasook says: "We won, didn't we?"
Mako says: "Barely!"
Mako says: "Useless."
Korra says: "Especially you, Mr."
Korra says: "Hat Trick!"
Korra's excited expression turns slightly sad at Mako's distant attitude.
Mako says: "Oh, you're still here?"
Korra says: "Oh, you're still a jerk?"
Bolin says: "Ooh!"
Korra says: "Think you could show me a few tricks?"
Bolin says: "Ab-so-lutely!"
Mako says: "Right now?"
Mako says: "Come on, Bolin."
Bolin says: "but we'll figure it out."
Korra says: "I'm actually an earthbender."
Bolin says: "I'm sorry, no, no!"
Bolin says: "I didn't mean to assume."
Bolin says: "'Cause I, you know, I was just figuring..."
Bolin says: "with your Water Tribe getup..."
Bolin says: "that you are..."
Bolin says: "a Water Tribe..."
Bolin says: "gal."
Korra says: "Nope, you're right."
Korra says: "I'm a waterbender."
Korra says: "And a firebender."
Bolin says: "Mm."
Bolin says: "Mm-hmm."
Bolin says: "I'm very confused right now."
Mako says: "and I'm an idiot."
Korra says: "Both are true."
Bolin says: "Th​e Avatar!"
Scene changes to a slowly zooming in shot of the entire arena from outside.
Bolin says: "All right!"
Bolin says: "Let's see what'cha got!"
Cut to a shot of Bolin, now in casual clothing, and Korra in the gym with two piles of earth coins between them. The camera pans to the right revealing a net hanging on the other side of the gym as Korra decisively turns and raises her arm, an earth coin following the movement. She knocks the coin away with her other hand, and quickly repeats the movement, knocking two of the earth coins at a net. The camera swiftly follows the objects as they slam in the net, before cutting back to Bolin. Korra is still standing in her solid earthbending stance.
Bolin says: "That was great!"
Bolin says: "Good power!"
Bolin says: "But in a real match, you'd be a sitting turtle duck."
Bolin says: "pop, pop!"
The camera stays with the two earth coins as they fly toward the net and nearly hit the exact same spot. Cut back to a side shot of Korra and Bolin; she stares at the net with open mouth, while he turns to her with a broad smile and gestures at the net, inviting her to give it another shot.
Korra says: "Okay, let me try it again."
Korra looks decisive. Cut to a shot of her feet as she jumps from side to side, before throwing two coins at the net, mimicking Bolin's fast strikes.
Bolin says: "You're a natural at this."
Mako says: "Not bad."
Korra says: "What's it take to impress this guy?"
Mako says: "Nice to meet you, Avatar Korra."
Korra says: "Yeah, been a real pleasure."
Mako says: "See ya upstairs, bro."
Korra says: "Upstairs?"
Korra says: "You guys live here?"
Bolin says: "So, back to bending."
Bolin says: "Why don't you throw that combo one more time?"
Korra immediately hops up and down a bit before successfully throwing two coins away. Switch to a shot of the net as the two coins hit it, and cut back to a frontal shot of Korra, who smiles broadly at her success.
The scene changes as an airbending panel turns, and Korra is now back at Air Temple Island in her airbending clothes, with Tenzin and his children behind her. Korra looks a bit flustered. She takes a deep breath and sports an annoyed, determined look. Camera moves back to within the spinning gates as Korra sprints toward them. She manages to run inside the circle of gates, but is immediately hit by a spinning panel and knocked around again, while grunting in pain.
Tenzin says: "Patience, Korra!"
Korra is thrown against more gates. As she is knocked to her knees, she loses her temper and bursts into a violent firebending tantrum, burning and breaking most of the gates. The camera moves away, as some of the gates are knocked out of their sockets and break in two or are burned down. Switch to a frontal shot of Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo; the camera pans to the left, revealing Tenzin as well, all gaping wide-eyed at Korra's outburst. Cut to a close-up of a panting Korra amidst the still burning and smoking debris of the ancient airbending tool.
Tenzin says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Korra says: "It hasn't clicked like you said it would!"
Tenzin says: "Korra, this isn't something you can force."
Tenzin says: "If you would only listen to me..."
Korra says: "you're a terrible teacher!"
Switch to a frontal shot of Tenzin and his family as Korra storms off angrily. Tenzin, Jinora, and Ikki watch as she goes; Tenzin grunts in annoyance.
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Meelo says: "You're a terrible teacher, Daddy!"
Tenzin, Jinora, and Ikki all calmly eye Meelo as he runs forward, kicking and throwing some of the burnt up wreckage, imitating Korra's tantrum, while growling and screaming. Dejected, Tenzin bows his head while Jinora and Ikki both hug him to comfort him.
Scene switches to a far off shot of Air Temple Island at sunset; flying bison are soaring around the temple's tower. Cut to Tenzin and his children gathered in the dining room for dinner. Meelo and Ikki look rather bored, while Jinora is reading a book, and Tenzin has his arms crossed while sporting an annoyed expression; Pema enters carrying a tray of small dishes.
Pema says: "Wait."
Pema says: "Where's Korra?"
Tenzin says: "Honestly, Pema, I am at my wit's end with that girl!"
Tenzin says: "I..."
Tenzin says: "I don't know how to get through to her!"
Tenzin's expression changes to a dejected one as he closes his eyes and slants his head. Frontal shot as Pema kneels beside Tenzin and places a hand on his shoulder. He opens his eyes at her touch and glances at her.
Pema says: "Dear, the best thing you can do right now is to give Korra some space."
Tenzin says: "You must promise me that your teenage years won't be like this!"
Cut to a frontal shot of Jinora and Ikki. Ikki looks uninterested and Jinora looks bored as she lowers her books slightly and glances over it.
Jinora says: "I will make no such promises."
Jinora raises her book again, and resumes reading.
Cut to inside the Pro-bending Arena as the camera pans down to reveal the lit playing field; three people are standing in the middle. Cut to the locker room where three people are talking in the back. Bolin is sitting on the bench, while Mako is leaning against the wall, both looking defeated. The door opens and Korra walks in.
Korra says: "I didn't miss your match, did I?"
Korra says: "You guys look like you lost already."
Bolin says: "We might as well have."
Mako says: "Hasook's a no-good no-show!"
Mako says: "Well, there goes our shot at the tournament..."
Mako says: "and the winnings."
Korra says: "Can't you ask one of those guys to fill in?"
Bolin says: "Nah."
Bolin says: "The rules say you can only compete on one team."
Korra says: "Well, then..."
Korra says: "if I do say so myself."
Bolin says: "But, you're the Avatar."
Bolin says: "Isn't that cheating?"
Korra says: "It isn't cheating if I only do waterbending."
Mako says: "No way."
Mako says: "I'd rather forfeit than look like a fool out there."
Korra says: "Wow, thanks for the vote of confidence."
Referee says: "Time's up."
Referee says: "You in or out?"
Korra says: "We're in!"
Mako says: "We are?"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Mako says: "Hey, I didn't agree to this!"
Korra says: "You can thank me later."
Mako says: "This girl is crazy."
Scene cuts to a side shot of the arena as the Fire Ferrets take their places at the center line.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Let's see if she's another diamond in the rough like the brothers from the school of hard knocks!"
Mako says: "In fact, don't do anything."
Mako says: "Just try not to get knocked off the ring."
Korra says: "You got it, captain."
Korra's helmet slips awkwardly, but she soon adjusts it.
Referee says: "Players!"
Referee says: "Are you ready?"
The camera quickly zooms out as the referee holds up his hand and blows his whistle. Close-up of Korra while a bell is rung, signaling the start of the match. Korra smiles confidently and immediately conjures a powerful water blast with her foot which she uses to knock the opposing waterbending player over the side of the ring, who screams before landing in the pool. Close-up of the remaining firebender and earthbender player as they stare wide-eyed at the spot their teammate was just knocked over the ropes. Cut to Mako who grits his teeth and facepalms, before switching to a broader shot of an excited Korra running around, waving her hands in the air to celebrate her move.
Korra says: "Woohoo!"
Korra says: "Man overboard!"
Referee says: "Fire Ferret waterbender, penalty!"
Referee says: "Move back one zone!"
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Why?"
Mako says: "You're only allowed to knock players off the back of the ring!"
Mako says: "Not over the sides!"
Korra says: "Oh."
Korra says: "Whoops."
Aerial shot of the playing field as Korra moves back one zone, and the waterbender that was knocked over the side, rejoins his team mates.
Shiro Shinobi says: "And we're back in action after that hiccup, but I'm not so sure this replacement player knows what she's doing."
Back shot of Korra as the bell signaling the game rings again, and the teams immediately start to attack each other. Switch to a side shot of Korra as she pulls up some water and fires it away. However, she is immediately hit in the stomach by an earth coins and knocked back. Frontal shot as Korra comes to a halt and immediately jumps up to retaliate with a water blast shot via her feet. Close-up of a metal grate as Korra lands again, straddling the line.
Referee says: "Foul!"
Referee says: "Over the line!"
Referee says: "Move back to zone three!"
Korra says: "I'll show you over the line!"
As Korra moves toward her zone, Mako and Bolin stand together. Close-up of the two brothers, as Mako grinds his teeth and sports an irritated look in Korra's direction. When a bell rings signaling the end of round one, Mako closes his eyes and lowers his head in annoyance, while Bolin twiddles his fingers in embarrassment.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Platypus Bears know a green player when they see one, and they are focusing the brunt of their bending on this poor girl!"
Frontal shot of Korra as she gets assaulted by all the elements of the other team. She used her waterbending to deflect the water blast of the Platypus Bears before conjuring up a shield to block a fire and earth attack; she is slight knocked back by the force of it. She quickly blocks another water blast with one of her own, but is kept on the defensive all the time. Frontal shot of Korra as she takes on a defensive stance; switch to a back shot as the opposing fire and earthbender ready their attacks. Frontal shot of Korra. She clenches her teeth and grunts with effort as she angrily raises two coins beneath her to protect herself against a triple water, fire, and earth combo. Move back to a broad shot of the playing field as the smoke of the explosion clears around Korra.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Wait a minute!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Did that waterbender just earthbend?"
Shot of the crowd, panning to the left, as they gasps in shock. Frontal shot of the Platypus Bears who gaze at Korra in wonder. A whistle is blown.
Referee says: "Foul!"
Referee says: "I..."
Referee says: "think."
Korra laughs awkwardly. She stops for a moment when her helmet slips over her eyes again, before resuming smiling broadly. Shot of Mako as he lowers his head and closes his eyes while sighing and shaking his head.
Shiro Shinobi says: "I-I think this replacement player could be..."
Shiro Shinobi says: "no, there's no way!"
Tenzin says: "Pardon me, everyone, have you seen Korra this evening?"
Tenzin says: "She's not in her room."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Can you believe that?"
Tenzin says: "I'll get her myself!"
As Tenzin turns, a gust of wind swirls some leaves around.
Cut to a frontal shot of the referee in the pro-bending stadium.
Referee says: "The Avatar will be permitted to continue so long as she solely bends water!"
Platypus Bears says: "Awww!"
Cut to a broad shot of the playing field, the Fire Ferrets standing closest. A bell signals to resume the match. Close-up of the Platypus Bear earthbender as he stomps the ground and raises an earth coin. Camera moves back as he punches it away. The other Platypus Bears also direct their attacks in the same direction as the coin.
Shiro Shinobi says: "This girl may be the Avatar, but she's no pro-bender and the Platypus Bears are intent on exploiting that weakness!"
Side shot of Korra as she deflects the coins with a water whip, as well as the fire blast and water bullet. She nimbly back flips under another coin and water attack, before crossing her arms before her face to protect herself from a fire blast.
Shiro Shinobi says: "They're giving her their best, and her best ain't good enough to stop it!"
Swift back shot of Korra as the Platypus Bears launch another wave of attacks, before switching to another side shot as Korra is hit in the side by a fire blast, knocked out of balance by an earth coin in the stomach, and thrown back by a water blast against the head. Shot from right over the floor of the playing field as Korra bounces past, and falls over the rim. Frontal shot of Korra as she tumbles in the water.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Aaaaand she's in the drink."
Side shot of Korra who swims underwater toward the platform. Frontal shot as she emerges from the water. While taking a breather, she looks up when a shadow falls over her. Back shot of Korra; camera slowly pans up to reveal Tenzin standing there with an angry expression.
Korra says: "Oh, hey, Tenzin."
Korra says: "I thought you didn't like coming to these matches."
Korra chuckles nervously. Switch to a side shot as she climbs out of the water, and stands before Tenzin.
Tenzin says: "Once again, you have flagrantly disobeyed my orders."
Tenzin says: "You were to stay on the island!"
Tenzin says: "Let's go."
Tenzin turns and starts to walk away, but is halted by Korra's shoutout.
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "I'm kind of in the middle of something."
Tenzin says: "but clearly the only thing you respond to is force!"
Tenzin says: "So I am ordering you to come back to the temple right now!"
Tenzin points down to emphasize his words. Switch to a shot from his point of view of Korra.
Korra says: "You know, I'm beginning to think there's a reason I haven't been able to learn it!"
Korra says: "Because, maybe, I don't even need it!"
Tenzin says: "What?"
Tenzin says: "That is a ludicrous suggestion!"
Tenzin says: "The Avatar needs to learn airbending!"
Tenzin says: "It is not optional!"
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "This is what I need to learn!"
Korra says: "Modern styles of fighting!"
Tenzin says: "When will you learn that?"
Korra says: "I have a match to go finish."
Switch to a broad side shot of the two as Korra walks away from Tenzin to the nearby elevator.
Ring announcer says: "Round three!"
Cut to on overview of the arena as the six benders stand at their starting positions. The moment a bell rings, the Platypus Bears immediately start their offense.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Platypus Bears come out of the gate and quickly go after the Ferret brothers!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "They're corralled in the corner, wedged in the edge of zone one, unable to come to the Avatar's rescue!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And boy, does she need it!"
Frontal shot of the waterbender of the opposing team as he raises water from the grate in front of him and bends it away; he advances and repeats the attack. Switch to a frontal shot of Bolin who has crosses his arms in front of his chest to defend himself against the first water attack. He retaliates by throwing an earth coin, but is forced to raise another coin in front of him to defend himself against the incoming second water blast. Meanwhile, the firebender attacks Mako, who attempts to retaliate as unsuccessfully as his brother. Back shot of the two brothers as the two opposing benders drive them into the corner of zone one, against the railing. Frontal shot as Mako and Bolin are being showered by water streams, which forces them to remain in the corner. Switch to a frontal shot of the Platypus Bears earthbender and firebender as the launch their attacks. Cut to a back shot of the Platypus Bears, slowly panning to the right. The waterbender directs one water blast after the other at Mako and Bolin, locking them in the corner, while Korra is constantly put on the defensive by fire and earth attacks.
Switch to an aerial shot of the crowd where Tenzin heads down an exit. As the crowd cheers, he turns around. Cut to a frontal shot of a concentrated Korra, dodging an earth coin, but being frontally hit by a water blast. Cut briefly back to a close-up of Tenzin, before returning to Korra who was pushed into the second zone by the water blast, where she catches an earth coins and throws it away. Switch back to Tenzin, who sighs while covering his eyes with his hand, the moment the buzzer sounds, signaling Korra has been pushed back into zone three.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Looks like the Avatar's pro-bending debut is going to be cut short!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "She's been pushed back to zone three, and the water is calling her name!"
Cut to a shot of Korra's feet as she nearly falls over the edge of the arena. The scene broadens to a full side shot, depicting Korra teetering over the rim. She dodges an earth coin and regains her balance. Close-up of Korra's face as her look of anger changes to one of focused determination.
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's only a matter of time before..."
Overview shot of Korra as she takes on an airbender stance and begins to dodge the three opposing players' attacks in the method she was taught to pass the fan obstacles in her airbending training, changing direction at a moment's notice.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Hold the phone!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Stop the presses!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "She's still in the game, folks!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And she's moving like an entirely different player!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "All of a sudden, the Platypus Bears' strikes are only striking air!"
Frontal shot of the opposing firebender as he looks annoyed by this sudden change; he and his team mates attack again. Switch back to a close-up of a concentrated Korra who nimbly dodges their attack. Close-up of Korra's feet, moving like an airbender would. Cut to a broader frontal shot of her, as she evades more attacks. Cut to Tenzin who has turned around; camera zooms in toward a close-up of his surprised face.
Tenzin says: "How about that?"
Cut to a frontal shot of the Platypus Bear team. They all look tired, and their attacks lack their previous power. Switch to an aerial shot as a water blast is traveling toward Mako and Bolin who ready themselves to get hit. However, before the blast makes contact, the water loses momentum and falls to the ground.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Platypus Bears have no juice left, but Mako and Bolin are still fresh and juicy!"
Side shot of Mako and Bolin who waste no time to counter. Mako promptly begins attacking them, directing quick fire blasts at the opposing earthbender, soon aided by his brother's earthbending. Side shot of the Platypus Bears as the earthbender is pushed back by a coin, and the waterbender is knocked off his feet by a water and fire combo. Side shot of Korra who spins rapidly around her axis, building up momentum to charge her water bullet. Overview shot of the playing field as the Platypus Bears are put on the defensive and are being hammered by the strong attacks of the Fire Ferrets. Frontal shot of Mako as he directs three blasts at the other team; switch to a frontal shot of the waterbender who is hit by every one of them and is knocked back several zones, into the water. Cut to the earthbender who takes a hit from an earth coin. Stumbling back, several water and fire attacks push him backward, all the way into the water. Side shot of the last remaining player as he is hit by two water blasts. Cut to a shot of the edge of the playing field; the player tumbles over it. Switch to a side shot from the moat, as two Platypus Bears are already swimming, and the third falls in. A bell is rung several times.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Knockout!"
Tenzin says: "Woohoo!"
With an uncharacteristically excited look, Tenzin points both index fingers at the arena and pumps his fists, jumping for joy. As he looks around, he notices that the nearby spectators are all eying him. He quickly recovers his dignity, straightening his outfit and walking away with a solemn expression.
Shiro Shinobi says: "have nabbed a place in the championship tournament!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "I can not believe it!"
Korra looks around joyfully. Switch to a frontal shot of a smiling Bolin as he poses and pretentiously puts his hand behind his ears to listen to the applause. Korra approaches him and they high-five each other.
Korra says: "Hahaha, yeah!"
Bolin says: "Hahaha, yeah!"
Korra says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Korra and Bolin smile broadly at Mako who approaches. Frontal shot of his serious face.
Mako says: "Korra..."
Mako says: "what can I say?"
Mako says: "You really came alive in that last round."
Mako says: "The way you dodged their attacks..."
Mako says: "you are a natural."
Side shot of the trio. Bolin has turned to wave at the crowd continues posing to better hear the applause.
Korra says: "Thanks, but I can't take all the credit."
Korra says: "Someone else taught me those moves."
Cut to a shot of the temple tower on Air Temple Island later that night, with the moon perched high in the sky behind it. The camera pans down to the right, where people are repairing the airbending gates. Closer aerial shot to show Korra approaching Tenzin, who is supervising the Air Acolytes as they place new gates in place of the ones that Korra destroyed. Frontal shot of Tenzin as Korra stops a bit behind him.
Korra says: "and I took it out on you."
Tenzin says: "I think I owe you an apology too."
Tenzin says: "I was trying to teach you about patience, but I lost mine."
Korra says: "No hard feelings?"
Tenzin says: "You moved just like an airbender!"
Korra says: "You stayed and watched?"
Tenzin says: "I did."
Tenzin says: "Pro-bending turned out to be the perfect teaching tool for you."
Switch between a frontal shot of each as they exchange smiles.
Korra says: "And, by the way, I kinda permanently joined the Fire Ferrets and we're playing in the tournament in a couple of weeks!"
Frontal shot of Tenzin as his face takes on a look of unpleasant surprise. He sighs heavily while lowering his head.
Cut to a shot with the camera slowly moving in on one of the towers of the Pro-bending Arena. Mako is sitting on the window ledge; cut to a closer shot, zooming in on him as he gazes across the bay. Switch to a back shot to show that he is staring at Air Temple Island. The shot slowly zooms in on the island, before switching to a slowly zooming in back shot of Korra at her window in Air Temple Island, looking at the arena. Cut to a frontal shot of her; she is resting her head on her hand. A pleased smile dons her face.