The scene opens to P'Li's prison cell where P'Li is breathing out cold air. The camera zooms out of her prison cells, showing her guards. Pan to the surface, where Tonraq, Desna, and Eska are standing outside P'Li's prison waiting for Lord Zuko and Druk's return. Druk lands on the ground heavily.
Tonraq says: "Did you see Zaheer?"
Zuko says: "The only thing I saw was a snowstorm heading our way."
Tonraq says: "That's not a snowstorm, it's him!"
Tonraq and the group begins running toward the snowstorm Zaheer created to cover his snowcat. Zaheer continuously airbends to provide his group with some cover. The snowcat jumps out and Zaheer and Ming-Hua jumps off the snowcat afterward, running toward Tonraq's group.
Tonraq says: "I put you away once, Zaheer, and I'm going to do it again!"
Tonraq waterbends a punch and an ice block at Zaheer, who dodges both attacks. Tonraq attacks Zaheer again, and he manages to dodge it again before sweeping Tonraq over. Desna and Eska begin attacking Ming-Hua with multiple ice shards at a rapid pace, which Ming-Hua dodges. The twins create a field of iceberg spikes, but Ming-Hua maneuvers through them with her water arms before she freezes the pair in ice blocks. She jumps up and breaks the ice on the ground with her waterbending before she glides down to P'Li's cell. A White Lotus sentry firebends at her, but she counters back, defeating him with little trouble. Another sentry attempts to waterbend at Ming-Hua, but she quickly strikes him. She freezes P'Li's prison cell's door, causing it to fall off of its hinges.
P'Li says: "Ming-Hua."
Ming-Hua says: "Let's get you out of here."
Ming-Hua waterbends the metal chains which restrains P'Li. P'Li stands up, removing the cuff on her forehead, revealing her "third eye" tattoo. She clings onto Ming-Hua's back, who uses two ice axes to climb P'Li and herself up to the surface.
P'Li says: "We could have just taken the elevator."
P'Li says: "Show-off."
After the two of them reach the surface, Druk firebends at them. P'Li redirects the fire.
P'Li says: "I've waited thirteen years to feel this warm."
P'Li easily tames the fire before using her combustion ability to blast the dragon away. The scene shifts to Lord Zuko dodging a rock from Ghazan and retaliating with his firebending, before dodging again for another strike. Ghazan deflects Lord Zuko's blast before using a rock to strike Lord Zuko down. Tonraq tries to attack Zaheer, but the airbender continues dodging the blows. The fight ends with P'Li using her combustion on Tonraq. The criminals make their escape; Lord Zuko staring at their snowcat as it departs. The scene shifts to Zaheer and P'Li embracing.
P'Li says: "I thought I'd never see you again."
Zaheer says: "I've never doubted it."
Ghazan says: "Really."
Ghazan says: "Right now?"
Cut to an aerial shot of the truck leaving the scene before switching to Mako and Bolin's extended family's household.
Tu says: "I've got them."
Tu says: "These passports should get you into the Upper Ring."
Bolin says: "Awesome!"
Bolin says: "Tu, you're the best cousin that I can have."
Bolin says: "And my other cousins as well."
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "Yeah, you're all the best."
Mako says: "Thanks."
Mako says: "I know this wasn't easy."
Yin says: "It's such a shame you two must leave so soon."
Mako says: "I wished we could stay."
Mako says: "But if it's true the Earth Queen is forcing airbenders into her army, we have to do something about it."
Yin says: "I love you both."
Yin says: "Come visit again."
Mako says: "We will, Grandma."
Bolin says: "I love you too, Grandma."
Bolin says: "And Chow, and Tu, and Meng-Meng, and Chow Jr."
Bolin says: ", there is Big Tee and Little Tee, and Medium Yu, and..."
Bolin says: "and..."
Bolin says: "and what was your name again?"
Cut to Team Avatar's residence, where Korra punches a protective glove in anger. Far shot of Korra, which shows that she is attacking Asami in combat attire.
Korra says: "I know that Earth Queen  I can tell by that stupid little queenly smirk of hers!"
Korra says: "I can't believe I helped her."
Korra says: "I should have known she was using me!"
Korra rises with airbending and attacks Asami with an air kick, knocking off one of her protective gloves.
Asami says: "Hey, I think I can use a break."
Asami says: "You letting off steam is starting to,  hurt."
Asami says: "A lot."
Korra says: "Sorry."
Pabu chitters and run forward. The ladies turn to see Mako and Bolin running toward them, panting.
Asami says: "Mako."
Asami says: "Bolin."
Asami says: "You're okay."
Asami says: "Where have you been?"
Asami says: "Can you interpret that?"
Mako says: "The Earth Queen's been secretly taking away airbenders and forcing them into her army."
Korra says: "She was lying."
Korra says: "I knew it!"
Asami says: "It's the Queen."
Korra softens and looks at the Queen, who is carried in a sedan.
Bolin says: "I know."
Bolin says: "Sorry."
Bolin says: "Kinda sweaty."
Hou-Ting says: "Good."
Hou-Ting says: "You're here."
Hou-Ting says: "Gun, tell them the news."
Gun says: "We've received word from the Yang Province."
Gun says: "There have been reports of airbenders there."
Hou-Ting says: "Wonderful, isn't it?"
Hou-Ting says: "It's the very thing you've been looking for."
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Korra says: "That is just the most wonderful news."
Korra says: "Ever."
Korra says: "Yay."
Hou-Ting says: "So, I assume you and your  Is there an animal in my presence?"
Gun says: "N-no, Your Majesty."
Gun says: "I would never allow an animal near you."
Hou-Ting says: "Anyway, if you need any assistance packing, let Gun know."
Hou-Ting says: "He'll see to it that you're on your way by evening."
Korra says: "Uhh, this evening?"
Asami says: "Because our airship is having engine trouble."
Asami says: "It'll take me until tomorrow to finish the repairs."
Hou-Ting continues sneezing. Gun walks off, and the Queen follows, sneezing onto his sleeve.
Korra says: "Thanks for buying us some time."
Cut to the interior of Team Avatar's residence where everyone is having a meeting.
Tenzin says: "I can't believe the Earth Queen is conscripting airbenders."
Korra says: "Those people should not be forced to join an army!"
Bumi says: "Well, technically, the Earth Queen has a right to conscript her citizens."
Bumi says: "What?"
Bumi says: "It's true."
Jinora says: "Guys, what if Kai was spotted airbending?"
Jinora says: "He might have been taken too."
Bolin says: "Probably not."
Bolin says: "He's surprisingly difficult to catch, like a—"
Bolin says: "like a little, greased hog-monkey."
Jinora says: "But, what if he was?"
Korra says: "Don't worry, Jinora."
Korra says: "We'll find him."
Korra says: "We just need to figure out where to look."
Mako says: "I bet they're under Lake Laogai."
Mako says: "What?"
Mako says: "I've been reading some of Jinora's books."
Mako says: "The old Dai Li agents used to have a secret fortress beneath the lake."
Jinora says: "Mako's right!"
Jinora says: "It's the perfect spot to hide airbenders, and I know how to check it out without being caught."
Jinora says: "I can project my spirit into it!"
Bumi says: "You mean that out-of-body thing you did to help giant, spirity Korra?"
Tenzin says: "You can still do that?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Jinora says: "It's not as powerful as it was during Harmonic Convergence, but if I can get close enough, I think I can do it."
Korra says: "Let's go get Kai out."
Korra says: "Let's get all the airbenders out."
Cut to the Dai Li fortress, where the airbenders are standing in pairs, one on either side.
Dai Li sergeant says: "You are the property of the Earth Kingdom."
Dai Li sergeant says: "You will become the Earth Queen's elite fighting force and protect her at all cost."
Dai Li sergeant says: "It is your duty to serve the Earth Queen."
Two airbenders attack their opponents, cut to the other side, where they redirect the attacks and counter, knocking them off. Kai redirects his opponents blast and prepares to attack fiercely.
Yung says: "Go easy on me!"
Yung says: "I'm not that good."
Kai throws out a weak blast, which Yung easily dodges. Both smile at each other.
Dai Li sergeant says: "Never show mercy!"
Dai Li sergeant says: "Now attack your opponent, and this time, like you mean it!"
Kai throws a strong blast, easily knocking Yung out.
Kai says: "Sorry."
Dai Li sergeant says: "A soldier never apologizes to his enemy!"
Kai says: "I'm not a soldier!"
Dai Li sergeant says: "You will be when I'm through with you."
Cut to Oogi approaching Lake Laogai, then to an island in the middle of the lake, where Jinora is in a meditative stance.
Tenzin says: "If anything goes wrong, come back immediately."
Jinora says: "I will."
As Tenzin walks off, Jinora prepares to meditate. Pan to the underground fortress, which is flooded, where Jinora's ghostly spirit appears. She fades off and scans two more areas, before returning to her body.
Korra says: "What happened?"
Korra says: "What did you see?"
Jinora says: "The airbenders aren't there!"
Jinora says: "It's completely deserted."
Tenzin says: "They're not down there?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Korra says: "Jinora, you've read all about Ba Sing Se."
Korra says: "Can you think of any other places the airbenders might be?"
Jinora says: "I guess they could be in the catacombs beneath the Upper Ring, or the ancient sewers beneath the Lower Ring, or the maze of tunnels that connect the rings together, or they could be—"
Tenzin says: "There are just too many places."
Tenzin says: "There has to be another way to locate them."
Korra says: "Maybe there is."
Korra says: "How did you find me during Harmonic Convergence?"
Jinora says: "I don't know."
Jinora says: "I just kind of focused on your energy."
Jinora says: "I think our spiritual connection led me to you."
Korra says: "Maybe you can find Kai the same way."
Korra says: "I know you two have a connection."
Tenzin says: "What do you mean "a connection"?"
Jinora says: "I don't know."
Jinora says: "Let me try."
Jinora returns to meditating. Cut to the fortress, where the Dai Li sergeant bends multiple earth discs to the airbenders, who attempt to block it with airbending. Only Kai was able to block the attack. The sergeant bends out more earth discs, and Kai blocks the attack meant for Yung.
Yung says: "Thanks."
Dai Li sergeant says: "You again?!"
Dai Li sergeant says: "!"
Dai Li sergeant says: "If you have time to help your friend, then you're not getting enough rocks for yourself!"
The sergeant attacks Kai with multiple discs. Kai managed to deflect the first two, dodge the next two, but was subsequently struck by the fifth and knocked down.
Dai Li sergeant says: "I guess you're not as good as you thought."
Kai attempts to attack the sergeant with an air blast, which he easily dodges. The sergeant immobilizes him in an earth shell.
Dai Li sergeant says: "Throw him in the hole!"
Two Dai Li agents grab Kai and throw him into a prison cell. Kai looks away sadly before Jinora's ghostly spirit appears, shocking him.
Kai says: "Jinora?"
Jinora says: "It worked!"
Kai says: "How are you here right now?"
Jinora says: "Shh, quiet."
Jinora says: "It's a high-level airbender move."
Jinora says: "With a little spiritual stuff thrown in."
Kai says: "At first, for a second there, I thought you were a ghost."
Jinora says: "It's good to see you."
Jinora says: "We've been looking for you and the other airbenders."
Jinora says: "We're going to get you all out of here."
Jinora says: "Where are we anyway?"
Kai says: "Underground somewhere."
Kai says: "Other than that, I don't have a clue."
Jinora says: "I'll figure it out."
Jinora says: "Don't worry."
Kai says: "Jinora!"
Kai says: "Thanks."
Jinora smiles and travels upward. Pan to the surface, where she looks back to see the temple.
Jinora says: "The Earth Queen's Temple!"
Cut to Team Avatar's residence.
Korra says: "I can't believe Miss Queeny Smug Face had them right under our noses the whole time!"
Tenzin says: "We have to get into that compound tonight and get those airbenders out."
Bumi says: "All right."
Bumi says: "We go in under the cover of darkness: two small insertion teams and a third on the outside."
Bumi says: "Then all we'll need is twelve tons of blasting jelly, a medium-sized bulldozer and..."
Bumi says: "does anyone have a badgermole that knows Morse code?"
There is a knock at the door.
Asami says: "Oh great, not the Queen again."
Korra says: "Everyone, act natural."
Bolin says: "I'm on it!"
Tenzin glances at others and opens the door. Lin walks in.
Tenzin says: "Lin?"
Tenzin says: "What are you doing here?"
Lin says: "We need to get Korra out of here immediately."
Lin says: "Her life's in danger."
Korra says: "What?!"
Korra says: "!"
Korra says: "What's going on?"
Lin says: "I just got word from Lord Zuko and Tonraq."
Korra says: "Why is Lord Zuko with my dad?"
Lin says: "Zaheer and the others have escaped."
Tenzin says: "How is that possible?"
Lin says: "Because Zaheer is an airbender now."
Tenzin says: "No..."
Korra says: "All right, hold on!"
Korra says: "Will you quit ignoring me and tell me what's going on?"
Korra says: "Who's Zaheer?"
Korra says: "Why is my life in danger?"
Tenzin says: "Shortly after we found out you were the Avatar, Zaheer and three others attempted to kidnap you."
Tenzin says: "Luckily, your father, Lord Zuko, Chief Sokka and I were there to stop them."
Tenzin says: "We apprehended the criminals and locked them away in prisons designed to impair their abilities."
Korra says: "So that's why you and my dad sheltered me away."
Tenzin says: "It was for your own safety."
Mako says: "Why were they trying to kidnap Korra?"
Lin says: "We spent thirteen years interrogating them, but they never broke."
Lin says: "To this day, no one knows what their motive was."
Lin says: "Now we need to get you back to Republic City, where I can protect you."
Korra says: "No..."
Korra says: "I'm not running."
Lin says: "Korra, you don't understand."
Lin says: "These criminals are like nothing you've ever faced before."
Korra says: "Look, I'm not a little kid anymore."
Korra says: "You don't need to protect me."
Korra says: "I came here for one thing: to find airbenders."
Korra says: "And I'm not leaving without them."
Lin says: "Fine."
Lin says: "Let's get them and get out of here."
Lin says: "Where are they?"
Korra says: "In a military compound, and we're busting them out."
Cut to the temple at night, where two royal guards are on patrol when they run into Jinora.
Jinora says: "Hi."
Guard #1.
Hey! What are you doing here?
Guard #2.
Oh, it's just that little airbender girl who came with the Avatar. You shouldn't be walking around here all alone.
Cut to the interior of the temple where Team Avatar enter. They enter a doorway to hide from patrolling Dai Li agents.
Tenzin says: "Bumi and Korra, come with me to find the airbenders."
Tenzin says: "You three, find Kai."
Tenzin says: "We'll meet on the surface shortly."
Tenzin says: "Radio us if anything goes wrong."
Team Avatar head their separate ways. Cut to the prison cell, where Korra opens the door, awakening the airbenders.
Yung says: "What's going on?"
Yung says: "Who are you?"
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar, and I'm getting you all out of here."
Tenzin says: "Everyone, please!"
Tenzin says: "You must stay calm and quiet if we want this to work."
Yung says: "What to work?"
Yung says: "We're sneaking out?"
Korra says: "Yes, and we must leave now."
Tenzin says: "We're going to get you away from the Earth Queen and out of the city."
Yung says: "There's an airbender that's not here."
Yung says: "His name is Kai."
Yung says: "We need to get him."
Tenzin says: "We're already taking care of it."
Bumi says: "Topside, this is Papa Bear."
Bumi says: "The breezies are in the hold; cue the balloons!"
Lin says: "What?"
Lin says: "Are you in trouble?"
Bumi says: "No!"
Bumi says: "We've got the airbenders and we're headed out!"
Bumi says: "No one likes code names anymore."
Lin says: "Copy that."
Lin says: "Asami and I are on our way."
Asami and Lin pilot their respective airships and take off. Oogi rises and follows the airships. Cut back to Kai's prison, as the door opens, and Kai looks up.
Mako says: "Come on."
Mako says: "We're getting you out."
Jinora says: "Kai!"
Bolin says: "Whoa!"
Bolin says: "Tenzin's not gonna be happy about this!"
Mako says: "Then don't tell him."
Bolin says: "How can I not?"
Bolin says: "This is too juicy!"
Kai says: "Thanks for coming to get me."
Kai says: "I'm really sorry about stealing your wallets, and running away, and getting you stuck on that train."
Bolin says: "We can't stay mad at you."
Mako says: "Yes, we can!"
Mako says: "I had a lot of money in that wallet!"
Jinora says: "Guys, come on!"
Dai Li sergeant says: "Deserting Her Majesty's army is high treason."
Dai Li sergeant says: "Punishable by death!"
Cut to Korra behind a wall. She stares at the courtyard outside the temple.
Hou-Ting says: "So, you've discovered my elite army."
Hou-Ting says: "I see their loyalty still needs some work."
Korra says: "These airbenders shouldn't be used as weapons!"
Korra says: "They have a right to choose their own paths."
Hou-Ting says: "These airbenders are Earth Kingdom citizens, and I am their queen."
Hou-Ting says: "Taking them will constitute an act of war."
Hou-Ting says: "If you disobey me, I will bear down on you with the entire force of my kingdom!"
Korra says: "They're leaving with me!"
Hou-Ting says: "No, they're not!"
Hou-Ting turns and walks away, and the first row of Dai Li agents begins bending rock gloves at Team Avatar and the airbenders. All of the airbenders begin bending blasts of air back at the Dai Li, attempting to hold their ground while the airship ladder lands to give them a lift.
Bumi says: "Come on!"
The scene shifts to Kai, Jinora, Mako, and Bolin, who are still fighting the three agents. Mako avoids a rock glove, and he and Bolin fire attacks back at the agents, who successfully evade Mako's attack. However, one of them is knocked against the wall by an earth pillar sent by Bolin. Another agent charges and receives the same fate. Mako firebends at the last remaining agent, who stops the blast with an earth pillar. He sends a rock glove spiraling quickly at Jinora, and manages to capture her into his grip. Close-up on Kai's face with a look of shock, followed by anger. He charges at the agent, avoiding a boulder sent his way, and fires two air bending blasts to knock the agent backward and free Jinora.
Kai says: "I guess I am as good as I thought."
Cut to the airship, as two final airbenders enter. Cut to Lin in the control room, listening to her walkie-talkie.
Bumi says: "Everyone's in."
Bumi says: "Let's go!"
Cut to Tenzin and Korra, who are firing air blasts at Dai Li agents attempting to climb the temple and stop the escape. Tenzin whistles for his bison.
Tenzin says: "Oogi!"
Tenzin and Korra jump on and Oogi begins to fly away, as the Earth Queen looks on.
Korra says: "Where are the others?"
Bolin says: "We need help!"
Dai Li agents rise to new heights on earth pillars, and begin firing down at the escapees. Korra steers Oogi away from the airship.
Bolin says: "Everybody, hang on."
Bolin sends himself and his allies into the air with an earth pillar, as Oogi flies over to break their fall.
Kai says: "Whoa, that was awesome!"
Cut back to the Earth Queen, who points at Oogi and the airship flying off in the distance. Pieces of Oogi's fur fall onto her face.
Hou-Ting says: "Bring me those airships now!"
Cut to Oogi and the airships fully escaping. Cut to the airships landing near ruins atop a range of hills in the desert. Cut to Tenzin and Korra standing before the airbenders.
Tenzin says: "I know that none of you chose to become airbenders."
Tenzin says: "But now you do have a choice."
Tenzin says: "We can relocate you somewhere safe, or you can come with me to the Northern Air Temple, to live in peace and train as Air Nomads."
Tenzin says: "You are no longer anyone's property."
Tenzin says: "What path you decide is up to you."
Yung says: "I want to go with you."
Other airbender #1.
Me too.
Other airbender #2.
Count me in.
As more airbenders agree to go with Tenzin, tears form in his eyes as he smiles.
Korra says: "Good luck at the Northern Air Temple."
Korra says: "I'll send more airbenders your way when I find them."
Tenzin says: "Be careful out there."
Tenzin says: "Stay safe."
Korra says: "I'll try."
Korra says: "Seems like wherever I go, I make a new enemy."
Tenzin says: "But you made some new friends too."
Tenzin says: "You did well, Korra."
Korra says: "This is only the beginning."
Cut to the airship and Oogi, simultaneously rising and flying off in different directions. Cut to credits.