Scene fades from a shot of Republic City to a boat sailing in rough waters, its horn blaring in the darkness. Cut to two sailors, looking out over the water from the top of their boat.
Old salt says: "This your first watch?"
Greenhorn says: "Mmhmm."
Old salt says: "Well then, better keep your eyes peeled laddie."
Old salt says: "Ya never know what creatures lurk in the murky depths."
The younger sailor gasps and looks overboard, while the older one chuckles as he walks off, smiling eerily. Cut to a shot high above the ship, as a large, squid-like spirit swims beneath the boat, its many tentacles trailing behind it.
Greenhorn says: "Uh, Sir!"
Old salt says: "What?"
A tentacle appears and snatches the older sailor from the boat.
Greenhorn says: "Man overboard!"
Greenhorn says: "Man overboard!"
The older sailor is dragged into the water, as several more tentacles appear and begin grabbing the boat, slowly dragging it into the water as the scene fades out.
Cut to Republic City at night, as the camera pans down to show the Pro-bending Arena, its lights flashing all across the bay.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Fan favorites, the Fire Ferrets, are about to take on hot newcomers, the Rhino Lions!"
Cut to a frontal shot of a stern-looking Bolin with his hands on his hips. Pabu is perched atop the railing separating the player's locker room from the playing field.
Bolin says: "Are ya with me?"
Cut to a frontal shot of the other two Fire Ferret members, the male waterbender, who somewhat resembles Mako, sitting dejectedly on the bench, while the female firebender, who somewhat resembles Korra, stands awkwardly next to him. She glances down at her teammate, holding her right elbow with her left arm. The only reaction of either of them comes from the waterbender, who rubs his nose with his left hand, while sniffing. Cut to a close-up of Bolin, whose excited expression has changed to a sad one, as he pensively glances to his left.
Cut to a side-view of the Fire Ferrets and the Rhino Lions lined up before each other. As the bell to announce the start of the match rings, both teams ready their respective element. Cut to a shot of the open end of the Fire Ferrets' playing field. As a loud crash is heard, first Bolin, followed by his two teammates, are knocked into view and over the rim into the water, each being hit by their respective element. The buzzer sounds, signaling a zone-line has been crossed.
Shiro Shinobi says: "for the fastest knockout in Pro-bending history!"
Bolin says: "Where's Mako when I need him?"
Cut to the side of a motorcycle as the rider shifts the gear; the wailing of a police siren is heard. The motor swerves away from the camera. Cut to a frontal shot of a street as a truck flies around the corner, driving straight at the camera with screeching tires. The motorcycle is hot on its tail and drives at the camera as well. Cut to a close-up of the driver's amber eyes, visible through goggles.
Switch to a shot on the ground's level, showing the side of the motorcycle, the truck just ahead. The rear door on the vehicle raises to reveal two men. Cut a closer aerial shot, as one of the men makes circular motions with his hands to bend water from inside the truck. As the liquid flows to him, the camera cuts to a frontal shot of the other man as he claps his hands together, rapidly transforming the water into a mist to hide the speeding truck from view. Cut to a frontal shot of the truck as it races off, while the mist fills the entire length of the street. Switch to a side-view of the motorcyclist as he enters the fog. Cut back to a close-up of the back of the truck, water still flowing out of it. One of the men forces his hand down, and as the camera cuts to a wider shot, the water can be seen flowing onto the road, freezing as the truck travels along the street. Cut to a frontal view of the motorcyclist as he emerges from the mist. He gasps as his vehicle starts to slip on the ice. As the motor spins out of control, the driver uses his firebending to create a circle around him, melting the ice, and enabling him to regain control of the bike as its wheels find solid ground. He swerves out of the path of the rest of the ice and resumes his pursuit.
Cut to an aerial shot as the truck runs down a road blockade and narrowly misses an incoming police truck from a street to its right. The motorcyclist finds his road now blocked, and swerves to his left, where a truck with wooden beams that form a ramp stands in his way. Without hesitation, he steers his motor onto the ramp. Cut to a side-shot as the driver uses his firebending to launch himself and his bike into the air, where he flips over, and aims a powerful fire stream at the truck's engine as he comes down. Cut to a frontal shot of the truck, as the screeching of its tires can be heard. Heavy smoke comes from underneath the truck's hood, and its engine explodes, causing it to spin uncontrollably. The motorcyclist lands, and stops his vehicle. Cut to an aerial shot of the motorcyclist as the truck races him by, hit a water hydrant, flips on its roof, slides along over the road, and flips to its side. As the vehicle comes to a stop, it partially explodes.
Cut to a frontal shot of the destroyed vehicle as two of the three passengers are already lying in front of the truck, and the driver lets himself fall from out of the broken windshield. He lands on top of his two comrades, eliciting a grunt from them. The motorcyclist walks toward them. Cut to a frontal shot as he removes his helmet and pushes up his goggles, revealing himself to be Mako.
Mako says: "Good thing the police are here."
The sounds of a plane engine are heard before cutting to a close-up of a plane's landing gear hitting an airstrip. Switch to a shot of one of the propellers as it starts to lose speed. Switch to a shot of the plane as a whole; the pilot jumps out the cockpit and removes their helmet, walking up to a man in a blue overall, who walks up to meet the pilot half way.
Asami says: "I think these planes are finally ready to ship."
She halts before the man, smiling, while resting her right hand on her hip, and holding her helmet in her left.
Engineer says: "We're nearly bankrupt."
Asami says: "back on top."
The camera follows Asami as she walks away from the engineer. As soon as he can no longer see her face, her confident expression changes to one of sadness and worry.
Cut to the tower on Air Temple Island, as a sky bison flies toward the camera, groaning. The beast turns, the camera following its movements. As it flies out of the screen, the camera locks on four tiny figures racing down a flight of stairs in the distance. The figures go out of screen, to reappear again up close. All on air scooters, Ikki is the first to come into view, with Korra trailing close behind her, followed by Jinora and Meelo. They take a turn, heading toward the buildings. Cut to an open corridor, where Pema is walking, holding Rohan and some groceries. The four youngsters zoom past her, nearly knocking her over. Startled, she throws the vegetables in the air, as she spins in between the racers. When they are gone, she manages to catch the food again, and stares after the foursome in surprise. Cut to the racers as the swiftly turn around the airbending training gates; some of the panels start spinning as they pass by. The foursome jumps off the platform. Switch to a side-shot of Korra and Ikki, the latter still in the lead, confidently smiling in challenge toward the Avatar. Cut to a frontal shot of Korra, as she starts to focus. Her eyes begin to glow when she enters the Avatar State; cut to the side-shot again, as Korra uses the extra power to pull ahead of a surprised Ikki. Cut to an aerial shot as Korra speeds underneath a paifang gate, and is flagged the winner. The camera follows Korra on ground level as she comes to a stop and leaps off her air scooter, remaining on her haunches. Cut back to Bumi, who is coughing due to the thrown up dust, as an angry-looking Ikki zooms past, followed by her sister and brother.
Bumi says: "The Avatar is the winner!"
Cut to a frontal shot of Korra as she erects herself, her eyes ceasing to glow as she exits the Avatar State; she turns to her right, her hands propped on her hips, and smugly towers over a raging Ikki.
Ikki says: "No fair!"
Ikki says: "You can't go into the Avatar State to win!"
Korra sticks her tongue out at Ikki, blowing a raspberry. Tenzin approaches.
Tenzin says: "The Avatar State is not to be used as a booster rocket!"
Tenzin says: "You are toying with a dangerous power that you obviously do not appreciate!"
Korra says: "It's the Avatar State and I'm the Avatar."
Korra says: "Who appreciates it more than me?"
Tenzin says: "Clearly you need more training to grasp the depths of your spiritual connections, not to mention that you're still a long way from mastering airbending."
Korra says: "Mastered."
Cut to a close-up of Bumi and an unconvinced Tenzin, who skeptically eyes Korra.
Bumi says: "Looks pretty good to me."
Tenzin says: "to unretire from the United Forces?"
Bumi says: "The paperwork's gone through, little brother."
Tenzin says: "will give you the inspiration you need to look more deeply into your studies."
Jinora says: "Can we see where Grandpa Aang was born?"
Meelo says: "How many lemurs can I have?"
Ikki says: "I wanna get tattoos!"
Ikki says: "But instead of arrows, I want lightning bolts!"
Jinora says: "You can't get lightning bolts."
Jinora says: "That doesn't make any sense."
Ikki says: "You don't make any sense!"
Meelo says: "Fight, fight, fight!"
Cut to a side-shot of Ikki and Jinora as they press their foreheads against each other as they growl and glare at one another.
Tenzin says: "Now that the president is in office and I'm not needed on the council, I can finally relax with my family and give Korra the attention she needs."
Korra says: "Great, more attention."
Bumi says: "Hah!"
Bumi says: "Relax..."
Bumi says: "I'd pay money to see that."
Bumi says: "Maybe I'll tag along just to see "Vacation Tenzin"."
Tenzin says: "You're not invited."
Korra says: "Before we go on your dad's study trip, we're gonna have some real fun in my home town at the Glacier Spirits Festival."
Korra says: "They've got rides, games, and all kinds of fried food on sticks."
Tenzin's children says: "Yay!"
The kids cheer and circle around Tenzin, who makes a defeated and somewhat frustrated face. Tenzin clenches his eyes shut for a moment and frowns, while Bumi puts an arm around his shoulder.
Bumi says: "Yep."
Bumi says: "There's Vacation Tenzin."
Bumi says: "And you can't stop me from going to the festival, Mom already invited me."
Tenzin's eyes widen slightly for a moment before narrowing in frustration. Cut to an aerial shot of a ship bound for the South Pole at night. Mako, Korra, and Naga are sitting on deck.
Korra says: "Did you write that beforehand?"
Mako says: "tell 'em Mako sent ya"."
Korra says: "Ooh, I like that one."
Mako says: "Okay, I'll use that next time."
Mako says: "Beifong says if I keep it up, I could make detective soon."
Korra says: "That sounds so fun."
Korra says: "All I do is train all day."
Korra says: "It's like Tenzin's totally forgotten how I beat Amon."
Mako says: "Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be."
Korra says: "Of course you'd take his side!"
Mako says: "I'm not taking his side, I'm just..."
Mako says: "Why is it so much easier to bust triads than it is to get through one conversation with my girlfriend?"
Cut to their arrival at the South Pole. The airbending children excitedly greet Katara and Kya, who are awaiting them on the dock.
Tenzin's children says: "Gran Gran!"
The children all gather around Katara and hug her waist.
Katara says: "Oh..."
Katara says: "you've all gotten so big."
Jinora says: "We missed you, Aunt Kya."
Kya says: "Ohh, I missed you, too."
Kya says: "Your father doesn't bring you to visit nearly enough."
Kya says: "He's probably scared I'll beat him up  like when we were kids."
Tenzin says: "I'm not scared of you..."
Tenzin says: "anymore."
The shot cuts to a side-shot of Korra hugging Tonraq while Mako stands behind her and Senna stands to the side.
Korra says: "You remember Mako."
Mako says: "Sir."
Tonraq says: "I hope you're not getting my daughter into anymore trouble up in the city."
Mako says: "Uh..."
Mako says: "No..."
Mako says: "uh..."
Mako says: "I..."
Mako says: "no."
Korra says: "Knock it off, Dad."
Tonraq laughs and shakes Mako's hand. Bolin walks into frame.
Bolin says: "Wow!"
Bolin says: "Look at all these people that came out to greet us."
Korra says: "Uh, no."
Korra says: "They came to greet them."
Korra points to a large and ornate Water Tribe ship that approaches across the water. Cut to a long shot of a royal Northern Water Tribe ship docking on the other side of the pier. The crowd claps and cheers. Cut back to Korra, Mako, Bolin, Tonraq, and Senna.
Tonraq says: "presence."
Tonraq says: "Hooray."
Cut to a small arctic hen perched atop the flag pole attached to the ship, the flag waving gently in the breeze. As the bird makes a call and flies off toward the camera and out of frame, the scene cuts to a side shot of Unalaq and his children, Desna and Eska, as they depart the ship walking down the plank to the pier, accompanied by guards. Cut to a close profile shot of Unalaq, before panning down and to the left to Eska and Desna.
Bolin says: "Whoa!"
Korra says: "That's Eska  chief's children."
Korra says: "Desna is a guy."
Bolin says: "and which one is Desna?"
Bolin's face becomes impassive. Cut to a side shot of Unalaq and his group approaching Korra's group. Tenzin and his family stand in the background.
Unalaq says: "Good to see you again, Avatar Korra."
Korra says: "Good to see you too."
Unalaq says: "Tonraq."
Tonraq says: "Brother."
Cut to Mako and Bolin who worriedly look at each other, surprised with the tone the two brothers use to address each other. Cut to a low angle shot of Tonraq and Unalaq facing each other, with everyone else surrounding them. Mako and Bolin turn their eyes back to the two. Switch to a wide establishing shot of the bay at the Southern Water Tribe and pan right to the city. Cut to a shot of people at the festival with the camera slightly panning right.
Unalaq says: "It's a shame the Southerners have abandoned all connections to the spirits."
Unalaq says: "Even during the most hallowed times."
Korra says: "I've always loved the Glacier Spirits Festival."
Korra says: "It's fun."
Unalaq says: "entire arctic hen in his mouth."
The group stops and looks to the left. Cut to Bolin, who has stuffed a whole arctic hen inside his mouth and is attempting to swallow it. Upon hearing them, he widens his eyes, turns to face the group and shrugs.
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "Oh, it's so good."
Bolin closes his eyes and clenches his fists in delight. Cut back to the group, where Korra closes her eyes and slightly shakes her head in amusement.
Tonraq says: "Traditions change."
Tonraq says: "It's not the end of the world."
Unalaq says: "Tell that to the sailors who are being attacked by angry spirits in southern waters."
Unalaq says: "purpose."
Korra says: "Wait,  spirits are attacking ships?"
Unalaq says: "I'm surprised the Avatar doesn't know about that."
Unalaq says: "Apparently you haven't been given all of the information you need."
Unalaq says: "It would be my honor to instruct you in the spiritual ways of the Water Tribe."
Korra says: "I wouldn't mind learning about fighting spirits."
Korra says: "Airbending is getting pretty boring."
Tonraq says: "Tenzin is Korra's instructor."
Tonraq says: "He can give her all the training she needs."
Scene cuts to a wide shot of a large, white ship before panning down to reveal Asami and Bolin standing in front, with Pabu perching on Bolin shoulder.
Asami says: "I'm glad you came with me to this meeting."
Asami says: "Varrick is one of the richest men in the world, and he controls the entire global shipping business."
Asami says: "So, you're my assistant."
Asami says: "Just stand there and don't say anything."
Bolin says: "No problem, Pabu and I are natural assistants."
Bolin says: "Man, this is nice!"
Bolin says: "I got to get into this whole business thing."
Cut to inside the yacht. Cut to Varrick is sitting on a cushion, his eyes closed and his fingers pressed against his head in concentration with a look of extreme focus on his face while Zhu Li sits beside him, writing on a notepad. He is surrounded by a number of other people who are all looking at him intently. Camera pans back to reveal Asami and Bolin are among those watching, before cutting to a close-up of Varrick's feet. The camera pans up to his face. He stops suddenly, a massive smile on his face.
Varrick says: "Did ya see that?"
Male guest #1.
How does he do that?
Male guest #2.
That's unbelievable.
Male guest #3.
That's amazing.
Cut to a shot of Varrick who stands, his cloak falling from his shoulders as he does so, and bows. Cut to a side shot of Bolin and Asami. Asami claps with a polite smile as Bolin scratches the back of his head.
Bolin says: "you were just sitting on a pillow."
A shocked Asami gasps and puts her head in her hands in embarrassment. Cut to a shot of the stunned audience gasping and looking at Bolin. Cut to another shot of the guests turning and glaring at him. Cut to a close-up of a shocked Varrick who looks up at Bolin as well. The inventor stands up and walks over, stopping in front of Bolin, while putting his hands on his hips and intimidatingly gazing at him.
Varrick says: "Are you saying I wasn't levitating?"
Bolin says: "Uh..."
Bolin says: "no?"
Varrick says: "Get over here and pop a squat."
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, get some tea for my guests!"
Asami says: "Thank you for meeting with me."
Asami says: "As you know, Future Industries is looking for a partner to handle our shipping."
Varrick says: "Sure!"
Varrick says: "But first you gotta check out my new venture!"
Varrick says: "Moving pictures!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, do the thing!"
Varrick says: "Mind-blowing, right?"
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Varrick says: "Now forget that!"
Varrick says: "That's the past!"
Varrick says: "Shut it off, Zhu Li!"
Varrick says: "Ginger, come over here and do your poses."
Bolin gasps in amazement. Cut to a close-up of a red haired woman, Ginger, in a white fur coat, who walks toward them. The camera zooms out as she drops her shawl and strikes a number of poses, as lights and a stylized background flash behind her. Cut back to Bolin, who is looking wide eyed and drooling, until Varrick gets in the way of his view. Bolin tries to look around him at Ginger.
Varrick says: "Spectacular!"
Varrick says: "And, we tell a story; there's romance,  How about that tiger shark?"
Varrick says: "We're gonna do big business with these movers as I call them."
Asami says: "Okay..."
Asami says: "but I'm just concentrating on getting Future Industries back on track."
Asami says: "If we could hammer out a deal..."
Varrick says: "Stop!"
Varrick says: "Look me in the eye."
Varrick presses his head to Asami, who is initially unsure of what to do, but quickly adopts a determined look on her face. After several seconds of staring, Varrick suddenly breaks away and points his finger at the ceiling, as Asami falls back from her cushion.
Varrick says: "We got a deal!"
Varrick says: "Now, who wants a rocket boat ride?"
Varrick's guests exclaim their approval before leaving the room.
Bolin says: "Is that how business usually goes?"
Asami says: "You are a natural assistant!"
Cut to an enormous hall made out of ice in which a large feast is going on. Korra, her parents, Unalaq, and his children are sat at the head table.
Korra says: "This is a wonderful feast in your honor, Uncle."
Unalaq says: "This is nothing."
Unalaq says: "When this festival was founded, the tribal elders would commune with the spirits."
Unalaq says: "People would watch the brilliant displays of light as spirits danced in the sky."
Korra says: "Wow, I've never seen that."
Unalaq says: "And that is a shame, since the Avatar is the bridge between the material world and the spirits."
Unalaq says: "That is why I want so badly to teach you."
Unalaq says: "To help you fulfill your destiny."
Tonraq says: "I thought I had made it clear that Tenzin is teaching her."
Unalaq says: "Every Avatar before you traveled the world to learn."
Unalaq says: "It was Tenzin and your father who kept you secluded at the South Pole."
Korra says: "I thought Aang ordered the White Lotus to keep me down here?"
Tonraq says: "We all did what we thought was best for you."
Korra says: "Who I train with should be my decision, Dad, not yours or Tenzin's."
Cut to across the room where Tenzin, Bumi, Kya, and Katara are sat at a table, having overhead the conversation at the head table.
Bumi says: "Looks like someone's trying to take your place as the Avatar's stick-in-the-mud mentor."
Kya says: "Bumi, don't pick on Tenzin."
Kya says: "You know he's always been sensitive."
Tenzin says: "I'm not sensitive!"
Bumi and Kya laugh as Kya pokes him, while Katara watches on holding Rohan, a serious look on her face. At the head table, Unalaq stand up in order to give a speech.
Unalaq says: "As your chief, it is my honor to speak at this festival, which was founded to bring our tribes together and restore the ancient balance between our world and that of the spirits."
Unalaq says: "But I am saddened to see what it has become: a cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans."
Unalaq says: "I feel the time is fast approaching when the North can no longer stand idly by while our Southern brothers slip into total spiritual decay."
Unalaq says: "Angry spirits are already attacking ships in your waters."
Unalaq says: "I only hope we are not too late to change course."
He sits down, and Varrick stands up to give a speech of his own.
Varrick says: "Chief Unalaq everybody, always great to have him in town."
Varrick says: "Now, let's have some fun with Wacky Wushu's Dancing Otter penguins!"
A man dressed in purple dances onto the stage, and bends a stream of water onto the platform. Three otter penguins slide along the water, before sliding back, stopping in front of Wushu. All four of them take a bow.
Cut to a wide, overhead establishing shot of the festival later at night. Cut to Bolin, Mako, and Korra. Mako feeds Korra some cotton candy, which she greatly enjoys before feeding some to Mako, much to Bolin's annoyance, who is eating some balled food off a stick. Bolin turns his head away and his eyes widen. Cut to his perspective, showing Eska and Desna, who are standing beside each other alone, surveying the people walking past. Cut to a frontal shot of Eska and Desna before switching back to Bolin, Mako, and Korra. Clears throat, smirks, and nudges Mako with his elbow.
Bolin says: "Wish me luck."
Bolin says: "Whee!"
Mako says: "Good luck."
Korra says: "Those two have always creeped me out."
Korra says: "They smell like a grandma's attic."
Bolin says: "So, you are from the north right?"
Bolin says: "Cool, that's, like you know, that's my favorite direction."
Eska says: "I will make you mine."
Bolin says: "You mean like a boyfriend, or like a slave..."
Bolin says: "?"
Eska says: "Yes."
Eska says: "Win me prizes."
Bolin laughs nervously as Eska grabs him by his collar and guides him away, while Desna walks beside her. Cut to a carnival game where jets of water are hitting chibi Aang targets. As the water goes into his mouth, a bell ring, his eyes and arrow light up, and the Momo figure above his head starts to rise. Cut to a shot of Mako and Korra from behind, both holding a water squirt gun as they play the game. Mako, looking at his target, is hitting his mark, while Korra, who is looking sideways to Mako, misses.
Korra says: "Unalaq offered to train me."
Korra says: "He says he can teach me about the spirits and my connection to them."
Mako says: "Sounds good."
Mako says: "What does Tenzin think?"
Korra says: "Tenzin thinks I'm his prisoner or one of his kids."
Korra says: "I'll never finish training with him in charge."
Korra becomes irritated at the entire situation and angrily waterbends a big water stream out of her squirt gun, hitting the chibi Aang's figure's head full on and causing the the Momo cut out quickly reach the top of the meter, winning the carnival game. Cut to the carnival barker shouting through a megaphone.
Game guy says: "We have a winner!"
Korra says: "The South is spiritually unbalanced and it's the Avatar's job to fix it, but my dad won't even let me think about Unalaq teaching me."
Korra says: "Well?"
Mako says: "Well what?"
Korra says: "What do you think I should do?"
Mako says: "I guess you should do what you think is right."
Mako says: "I support whatever decision you make."
Korra says: "Oh thanks."
Korra says: "That's a big help."
Mako says: "I thought you wanted me to be supportive?"
Mako says: "Now you want me to tell you what I think?"
Mako says: "Make up your mind!"
She throws the stuffed Appa she won from the game at Mako and storms off.
Korra says: "Just forget it."
Cut to later that night when everyone is asleep. Korra is sleeping against Naga, who awakens and runs outside.
Korra says: "Uh, Naga what are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Uh, What's going on?"
In the distance, Korra sees a dark entity speeding toward them.
Korra says: "What, is, that?"
The spirit quickly makes its way toward the Avatar and attacks her, prompting Mako and Bolin to run toward them. The spirit pins Korra against a wall, and begins to lean in closely toward her, but it is distracted by Mako's and Bolin's attacks.
Bolin says: "Don't got it!"
The spirit slams into the two brothers, knocking them down the hill. Tonraq and Tenzin rush to their aid, helping them up.
Korra begins to attack at the entity with firebending, but the spirit is too fast and her attacks fail to hit. The spirit tries for a direct attack, but Korra manages to jump out of the way in time.
Tonraq says: "Korra!"
Tonraq using his bending to encase the spirit in ice. The spirit appears to have been contained, but several tendrils break through the top of the ice, grabbing both Tonraq and Korra, and throwing them into one of the huts and the ground respectively. The tendrils recede, and the ice explodes as the spirit breaks out completely.
Tenzin says: "Spirit, why are you angry with us?"
Tenzin says: "What have we done to offend you?"
Tenzin's attempts to converse with the spirit have no success, and he is batted away by the entity. After Korra recovers, she enters the Avatar State, catching the attention of the spirit. The spirit makes its way toward Korra once more, who lifts herself into the air to dodge its attack, causing the entity to land in the festival market behind her. She shoots a number of fire blasts at the spirit from atop her air spout, but her attacks seem to have no effect, and the spirit grabs her with one of its tendrils, slamming her into a nearby stack of boxes. The spirit stands over Korra, intending to issue another blow, when a stream of water controlled by Unalaq starts to encircle it, and the spirit ceases its attack. As Unalaq continues to bend the water so that it encircles the entity entirely, the water starts to glow, and the spirit changes color. As the water falls to the ground, the spirit begins to walk away, before disappearing.
Unalaq says: "Go in peace."
Tenzin and Tonraq run over.
Tonraq says: "Korra!"
Tenzin says: "Are you all right?"
Korra says: "How are you able to control that spirit when no one else could?"
Unalaq says: "As your father could tell you, I have spent my life studying the spirits and learning their ways."
Unalaq says: "All of this knowledge is lost in the South, but I could teach you everything I know."
Tenzin says: "Chief Unalaq, clearly you are very knowledgeable, but Korra still has much to learn about airbending."
Tenzin says: "And I hope that going to the air temples will help her connect with the past Avatars."
Korra says: "Ugh: Unalaq:  The air temples will teach her nothing."
Korra says: "Only I can give her the training she needs to be a complete Avatar."
Tonraq says: "I've told you that will not happen!"
Korra says: "Hey!"
Korra says: "I'm right here!"
Korra says: "Anyone want to ask me what I think?"
Tenzin says: "Korra, please listen."
Korra says: "I'm tired of listening to you."
Korra says: "Both of you."
Korra says: "You keep me locked up, telling me you know what's best."
Korra says: "But both of you were powerless against the spirit attack."
Korra says: "I think it's time I had a new teacher."
Tonraq says: "Now Korra—"
Korra says: "Unalaq has proven he's the only one who knows what I need to learn."
Korra says: "I have to go with him."
Tenzin says: "Please, I know you're angry, but we've come so far together."
Korra says: "I'm sorry, Tenzin."
Korra says: "This is as far as we go."
Cut to the morning, Tenzin is loading Oogi, his wife and children already seated on the flying bison.
Katara says: "I think you forgot a couple of things."
Tenzin says: "Mother, I think I need some time alone with my family right now."
Katara says: "This is your family, Tenzin."
Katara says: "When you get to be my age, you'll be thankful for the time you had with your siblings."
Katara says: "Besides, I think it's important that you all visit your father's home together."
Bumi says: "Come on!"
Bumi says: "It'll be fun."
Kya says: "I'm dying to see that laid back, Vacation Tenzin I've heard so much about."
Tenzin says: "All right, hop on!"
Tenzin says: "I love you, Mom."
Tenzin says: "We'll see you soon!"
Bumi has trouble getting on Oogi, so Tenzin creates an air current under his brother to bring him up to the top of the bison.
Cut to Mako and Korra, who are watching Tenzin's family leave on Oogi from farther back.
Korra says: "Do you think I did the right thing?"
Mako says: "."
Unalaq says: "I know this was a hard decision, Korra, but it was the right one."
Unalaq says: "Now it is time to put it behind you and begin your new training."
Unalaq says: "I have great plans for you."
Fades to credits.