The scene begins with the Republic City skyline, the sky illuminated by spirit lights. Police airships and United Forces battleships are deployed to protect the mainland. Cut to a close-up of Air Temple Island, before cutting to the balcony where Pema and her three younger children are standing.
Ikki says: "Oooo..."
Ikki says: "Pretty."
Cut to the interior of a police airship where President Raiko and Chief Lin Beifong are in.
Raiko says: "General Iroh, are your ships in position?"
Iroh says: "Yes, Mr."
Iroh says: "President."
Iroh says: "But I need to know what kind of enemy we're dealing with."
As Iroh is speaking, the sky lights up and Unavaatu plunges into the sea. The wave he creates pushes back one of the battle ships.
Unavaatu says: "It's time to take back the physical world."
Unavaatu begins to walk toward the mainland. Cut to the interior of Iroh's battleship, where he watches Unavaatu approach them.
Iroh says: "Fire!"
United Forces firebenders attack Unavaatu with large fire blasts, but Unavaatu continues walking, unharmed. He retaliates by waterbending a wall to stop the blasts, before sending the wave toward the battleships, scattering them. He subsequently walks up to Avatar Aang Memorial Island.
Meelo says: "Monster attack!"
Unavaatu wraps his tendrils around the statue of Aang, before bringing it to the sea. Cut to a close-up of Aang's face, slowly sinking into the water, which fades to a close-up of an unconscious Korra in the South Pole. Tenzin walks up to Korra, casting his shadow on her.
Tenzin says: "They're over here."
Kya says: "They're gonna be all right."
Kya says: "But I need to get them into some spirit water."
Kya says: "Right away."
Cut to a shot of the spirit portal from inside the Spirit World. Tenzin appears first, carrying Korra bridal style. Bumi and Kya are right behind him, with Bumi carrying Mako and Bolin on his shoulders. Cut to a shot of nearby water. Tenzin wades in and gently puts Korra down. Cut to a further off shot, revealing Bumi to have done the same. Cut to a frontal shot of Kya as she begins to heal them. Switch to an aerial shot of Korra, Mako, and Bolin in the water, a stream of illuminated water passing over them, mirroring Kya's movements. Cut to a side-shot of Korra's face as the light passes over her and she opens her eyes. She shoots up and gasps for air, Mako and Bolin doing the same besides her. Cut to a frontal shot of Kya and Tenzin.
Tenzin says: "Thank goodness you're all okay."
Korra says: "Did you find Jinora?"
Tenzin says: "She sensed that the world was in grave danger."
Tenzin says: "Were you able to stop Unalaq and Vaatu?"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "They fused, then Vaatu ripped Raava right out of me and destroyed her."
Korra says: "Vaatu won."
Bolin says: "No."
Bolin says: "I am too young to live through ten thousand years of darkness."
Bolin says: "Korra, can't you talk to one of your past lives or something?"
Korra says: "When Vaatu destroyed Raava, he destroyed my connection to the past Avatars too."
Korra says: "The cycle is over."
Korra says: "I'm the last Avatar."
Cut to the rest of the group, who look on sadly. Kya walks up to her younger brother.
Kya says: "She needs you now, more than ever."
Cut back to Republic City, where multiple planes fly by Unavaatu. Unavaatu catches a plane with his tendrils. The pilot manages to eject before the plane is pulled down and slammed onto the water surface where is explodes. Cut to the airship where Raiko and Lin watch the damage done.
Raiko says: "It's going to destroy the entire city."
Unavaatu shoots out an energy beam at the airship, destroying the tail propellers. The airship begins spinning and hurtling toward nearby buildings. Cut to the interior where multiple police officers brace themselves. Lin pulls a lever, opening the back door, and gestures for her officers to bail out.
Lin says: "We're going down!"
Multiple metalbender cops jump out of the airship, shooting their cables for a safe landing. Raiko walks up and clings on to Lin, who aims her cables at a rooftop gargoyle before jumping off. The duo lands on a roof, where they continue observing the damage. Cut back to Unavaatu who shoots out vines which engulf the harbor and many Republic City landmarks. Cut to Varrick's cell where Varrick is exercising while listening to a radio.
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's pandemonium in the streets!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Giant vines are destroying everything."
Shiro Shinobi says: "This is Shiro Shinobi, signing off!"
As Shiro signs off, a large vine destroys the wall of the cell, throwing the radio and Zhu Li off balance, but completely missing Varrick who coincidentally ducked during his exercise. He walks up to the hole and puts on a pair of goggles.
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, commence "Operation Winged Freedom"."
Cut back to the Spirit World where Tenzin is trying to console Korra.
Tenzin says: "The other Avatars may not be able to help you anymore, but, perhaps I can."
Korra says: "No one can help me now."
Tenzin says: "I know I haven't been the best mentor to you."
Tenzin says: "But I realized it was because I had a lot of spiritual growth to do myself."
Tenzin says: "There may still be a way for you to stop Vaatu."
Korra says: "How?"
Tenzin says: "Let go of your attachment to who you think you are, and connect with your inner spirit."
Korra says: "Haven't you heard anything I said?"
Korra says: "Raava is gone."
Korra says: "I'm not connected to her spirit anymore."
Tenzin says: "I'm not talking about Raava."
Tenzin says: "Raava is not who you are."
Tenzin says: "Come with me, I need to show you something."
Korra turns to look at Tenzin dejectedly, but still follows him. The duo walks up to a large, gnarly, old tree.
Korra says: "Why are you showing me Vaatu's prison?"
Tenzin says: "Because this tree had a history long before it held Vaatu."
Tenzin says: "This is the Tree of Time."
Tenzin says: "And the legends say its roots bind the spirit and physical worlds together."
Korra says: "And, you think this tree can help me somehow?"
Tenzin says: "Yes."
Tenzin says: "I have read that long ago, the ancients would meditate beneath this tree and connect with the great cosmic energy of the universe."
The duo enters the hollow of the tree, and as Korra enters, various memories appear, ranging from her adventure regarding the Equalists to Wan's past.
Korra says: "These are my memories."
Tenzin says: "The Tree of Time remembers all."
Tenzin says: "Korra, the most powerful thing about you is not the spirit of Raava, but your own inner spirit."
Tenzin says: "You have always been strong, unyielding, fearless."
Korra says: "Avatar Wan."
Tenzin says: "Before he fused with Raava, Wan was just a regular person."
Korra says: "But, he was brave, and..."
Korra says: "smart, and always wanted to defend the helpless."
Korra says: "Everyone in Republic City is in danger."
Tenzin says: "You have to help them, Korra."
Korra says: "How?"
Korra says: "We're half-way around the world."
Tenzin says: "Do as the ancients once did."
Tenzin says: "Connect to the cosmic energy of the universe."
Tenzin says: "Don't bend the elements, but the energy within yourself."
Korra says: "You really think I can do this?"
Tenzin says: "I have no doubt."
Korra says: "Thank you for not giving up on me."
Tenzin says: "I'm proud of you."
Tenzin walks out of the Tree of Time, but before he exits, he turns around to see Korra seated in a meditative position. He exits the tree, leaving Korra alone to meditate. As she meditates, a memory of Wan airbending alongside Raava emerges.
Wan says: "If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other?"
Raava says: "He cannot destroy light, anymore than I can destroy darkness."
Raava says: "One cannot exist without the other."
Unavaatu says: "Find the light in the dark."
The scene zooms in to Korra's face before fading through white, changing to a scene of Korra standing on astral lights. She opens her eyes and turns, seeing a large projection of herself, holding a ball of light. Korra looks on with determination and walks toward the ball of light. As she enters it, a large blue projection of herself exits her body and the Tree of Time. Cut to the outside of the tree, where everyone looks on in shock and surprise. Korra's projection reaches out to the overlapping portals and is sucked through, disappearing through the base of the portal.
Bumi says: "Uhhh..."
Bumi says: "what did you say to her exactly?"
Cut to a frontal shot of Korra's projection as she speeds through the spirit lights.
Cut to Republic City, its buildings surrounded with vines; an emergency alarm blares. The shot pans to the left, revealing Unavaatu standing in the bay, his arms stretched toward the water as he controls the vines that are overtaking the city. Cut to a frontal shot of him as he looks up. Switch to a back-shot of Unavaatu, showing a blue light coursing through the sky. The light intensifies into a bright ball. Cut to a side-shot of Unavaatu as the bright ball slams into him, knocking him back, ricocheting over the water's surface. Cut to a frontal shot of Korra's projection as she stands up. Cut to an overview shot of the bay, which is replaced by a frontal shot of Pema, Ikki, and Meelo looking on in surprise.
Ikki says: "Korra's back!"
Meelo says: "And she's a blue giant!"
Unavaatu rises up from the water and prepares to battle Korra. Both entities fire out their respective energy beams from their chests, but Korra focuses her beams to overpower Unavaatu's, eventually knocking him back. Korra runs forward, but Unavaatu shoots out tendrils toward her, which she catches and uses to immobilize and grab him before slamming him toward a nearby mountain. Korra leaps forward and holds Unavaatu's head with her right hand, while desperately searching for Raava within Vaatu.
Unavaatu says: "You're looking for something that is gone."
Unavaatu says: "Raava has been destroyed."
Unavaatu says: "And soon you will be too!"
Unavaatu fires a close range energy beam at Korra, knocking her unconscious.
Cut to the Spirit World, where a swarm of dark spirits approach the Tree of Time.
Mako says: "They're coming for Korra!"
Mako shoots out lightning toward the spirits. His attack is followed by Tenzin, Kya, and Bolin, who attack the spirits with their respective bending elements.
Back at Republic City, Korra stumbles from the attack, but Unavaatu fires another energy beam at her, knocking her unconscious. Unavaatu bends out purple streams of water around her, preparing to corrupt her spirit.
Back at the Spirit World, Team Avatar is forced to retreat to near the Tree of Time. Cut to Bolin who attacks the spirits with earthbending, but a spirit drags him away, though before it could attack, the entity was destroyed by a water stream. Cut to near the portal, where Desna and Eska attack the dark spirits.
Eska says: "Leave my Bolin alone!"
Desna says: "I am so done with spirits."
Bolin says: "Let's face the end of the world together!"
Eska says: "You're so romantic."
As the trio attack the spirits, the scene changes back to Republic City, where Unavaatu is near success in destroying Korra.
Unavaatu says: "With you out of the way, I will be the one true Avatar."
A ball of light descends from the sky. Cut to Ikki's point of view, via a telescope, where she notices Jinora in the light.
Ikki says: "Mommy, it's Jinora."
Ikki says: "She's..."
Ikki says: "beautiful."
Pema says: "What?"
Pema says: "Let me see."
Pema says: "Be careful sweetie!"
Jinora descends toward Korra, holding with her a small ball of light. She opens her palms, releasing the light, which illuminates Republic City. Unavaatu, who is shielding his eyes from the glare of the light, stops bending, releasing Korra. As he recovers from the glare, a ball of light emerges from his chest.
Unavaatu says: "No!"
Korra says: "Raava!"
Korra runs forward and punches Unavaatu before reaching into his chest. As she touches the ball of light, she pulls out Raava. She subsequently prepares to purify Vaatu.
Unavaatu says: "No!"
After purification, Unavaatu dissipates into the sky in a golden light. Korra bows in respect.
Korra says: "Go in peace."
Raava says: "Harmonic Convergence is nearly over."
Raava says: "We must return to the Spirit World so we can fuse once again."
Raava and Jinora descend onto Korra's open palms, where she cups them with her hands for safety, before teleporting away.
Cut back to the Tree of Time, where everyone was forced to retreat into the hollow. The spirits soon swarm the hollow, darkening the interior. Cut to a far shot of the spirit portals, where a beam of light descends from the center, illuminating the Tree of Time and dissipating the dark spirits. Cut to an aerial shot of the Tree of Time, where Korra's projection has returned. She opens her palms, releasing Raava and Jinora, who glides to her father.
Jinora says: "I'll see you soon, Dad."
Tenzin reaches out for Jinora, but she disappears before he could do so. Korra's projection also dissipated and returns to her body.
Cut to the healing hut, where Jinora awakens from her coma. She turns to smile at Asami and her grandmother. Katara approaches her and gave her a hug.
Jinora says: "Gran-Gran, I missed you."
Asami says: "What about Korra and the others?"
Jinora says: "Don't worry, they're all right."
Jinora says: "Korra saved the world."
Tonraq and Senna hug each other in happiness.
Cut back to the Spirit World where Korra walks out of the Tree of Time to find her allies and Raava waiting. Raava flies toward Korra, allowing her to hop and, and subsequently soars to the overlapping portals. Korra reaches out for the portal, which releases yellow bolts of energies from the overlapping portals. As Harmonic Convergence passes, the portals separate again. Cut to a shot of Earth where the spirit lights retreat. Cut back to the Spirit World where the portals now stand upright. Cut to Korra, who glows blue with a white imprint of Raava on her chest, before descending.
Tenzin says: "The Avatar Spirit has returned."
Korra descends back to the ground, using an air spout to slow her fall. She opens her eyes, which glow momentarily before fading.
Korra says: "It's over."
Mako, Bolin, and Tenzin run up to Korra. Mako hugs and kisses her.
Mako says: "I don't even know what to say."
Tenzin says: "You were amazing."
Bolin says: "And the way you turned all gigantic like that, wow!"
Bolin says: "I just wished Varrick was here to film it!"
Bolin says: "It would be the greatest mover ever."
Bolin says: "After the Nuktuk chronicles of course."
Korra says: "I'm sorry about your father."
Korra says: "But he was already fused with Vaatu."
Korra says: "I couldn't save him."
Eska says: "It seems cousin Korra is under the impression we're saddened by our father's demise."
Desna says: "But I will not miss him at all."
Desna says: "In the end, he became a deplorable man."
Eska says: "Agreed."
Eska says: "But how will we explain this to mother?"
Bolin says: "So, I was thinking."
Bolin says: "I'm not really a fan of a long-distance relationship thing,  so how about you move to Republic City with me."
Eska says: "I do not think it will be possible."
Bolin says: "Okay."
Bolin says: "Desna can come too."
Eska says: "I will not be joining you, Bolin."
Eska says: "Desna and I must return home."
Eska says: "Eternal darkness was upon us."
Eska says: "I became caught up in the moment."
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "I guess I did too."
Eska says: "My turtle duck."
Cut to Bumi who hears a chitter of a dragonfly bunny spirit from a distance. He turns to see a blue-colored dragonfly bunny spirit, Bum-Ju.
Bumi says: "Bum-Ju, you're okay."
Bumi says: "I missed you, little buddy."
Bum-Ju snuggles against Bumi. Cut to Tenzin and Korra who walk to the northern portal.
Tenzin says: "Now that you're bonded with Raava once again, are you also reconnected with your past lives?"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "I think that link is gone, forever."
Tenzin says: "I see."
Tenzin says: "Why don't you close the portals, and we'll go home."
Korra walks up to the portal and stretches out her hand. As she reaches for the portal, she relaxes her palm.
Korra says: "Maybe I shouldn't."
Tenzin says: "What do you mean?"
Korra says: "Well, what do you think I should do?"
Tenzin says: "I think you should trust your instincts."
Tenzin says: "There is nothing else I can teach you."
Tenzin says: "You are the Avatar."
Tenzin says: "Whatever your decision, I support you."
Korra smiles and looks at the portal. Cut to the South Pole where Team Avatar exits the portal. Cut to the exterior of the palace where a large crowd has congregated. Cut to the interior where Mako approaches Korra.
Mako says: "Hey, can we talk?"
Korra says: "Of course."
Mako says: "There's something I've been wanting to tell you about that fight we had."
Mako says: "I know I said it wasn't that bad, but, that's not exactly true."
Mako says: "I, um..."
Mako says: "I-I broke up with you."
Korra says: "I remember."
Mako says: "But, I thought you said you lost part of your memory."
Korra says: "I did, but being inside the Tree of Time brought it back."
Korra says: "I'm sorry for blowing up at you."
Mako says: "That's okay."
Mako says: "I think we've both said things that we regret."
Korra says: "Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?"
Mako says: "I know I should have, but..."
Mako says: "I didn't wanna hurt you all over again."
Mako says: "I guess part of me wanted to forget about the break-up too."
Korra says: "I think we both know that this."
Korra says: "Us?"
Korra says: "Doesn't work."
Mako says: "You're right."
Korra says: "It's over."
Switch to a side shot. Korra places her hand on Mako's cheek to guide him in for a soft kiss. As they break their kiss, they remain close together with their foreheads touching and their eyes closed. Korra sheds a tear, while standing there in a moment of silence. They open their eyes and stand erect once more.
Mako says: "I'll always love you, Korra."
Korra says: "And I'll always love you."
Bolin says: "You want a hug?"
Bolin awkwardly hugs his brother. Cut to the exterior of the palace where Korra is making a speech, with her parents and Avatar Aang's family standing behind her.
Korra says: "The war of the Water Tribes is over."
Korra says: "Unalaq has been defeated, and the Northern fleet is returning home."
Korra says: "The Water Tribes will always be allies, but the Southern Tribe is now independent,  I've realized that even though we should learn from those who came before us, we must also forge our own path."
Korra says: "So that is why I've decided to keep the portals open."
Korra says: "Humans can now physically enter the Spirit World, and spirits will be free to roam our world."
Korra says: "I will no longer be the bridge."
Korra says: "Humans and spirits must learn to live together."
Korra says: "My mission will always be to use Raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace and balance."
Korra says: "Harmonic Convergence has caused a shift in the planet's energy."
Korra says: "I can feel it."
Korra says: "Things will never be the same again."
Korra says: "We're entering a New Age."
Pan to the sky, which is filled with spirits literally dancing in the sky. Bum-Ju flies toward the camera before flying off.
Cut to credits.