The episode opens at the Eastern Air Temple. Cut to Jinora playing with a light green dragonfly bunny spirit.
Jinora says: "Gotcha!"
Jinora says: "Furry-Foot, come back."
The spirit returns and lands on Jinora's head; four other dragonfly bunny spirits come close. Jinora laughs.
Tenzin says: "Were you playing with someone?"
Jinora says: "Oh, just some..."
Jinora says: "imaginary friends."
Jinora giggles as Furry-Foot appears on Tenzin's head while he walks away.
Cut to two Air Acolytes standing in the gallery.
Kya says: "Stop telling lies."
Cut to courtyard, where Tenzin's family is gathered. Tenzin and Jinora walk in.
Bumi says: "It's true."
Bumi says: "I once beat an earthbender in a rock-throwing contest!"
Bumi says: "I have the trophy to prove it."
Tenzin says: "All right, who's ready for an exciting tour of the Eastern Air Temple?"
Tenzin says: "We've got a lot to see today, including ancient statues, ancient gardens,  and the meditation hall used by ancient airbenders."
Ikki says: "Yay."
Ikki says: "Old things."
Korra enters the courtyard.
Tenzin says: "Korra?"
Pema says: "What are you doing here?"
Ikki says: "Oh, I've missed you!"
Kya says: "And how did you know where to find us?"
Korra says: "Tenzin's itinerary."
Korra says: "We went over it like a hundred times before we left Republic City."
Tenzin says: "See?"
Tenzin says: "This is why schedules are important."
Korra says: "It's so great to see you all again."
Tenzin says: "It's great to see you too, but why aren't you training at the South Pole?"
Korra says: "Wait, you don't know about the Civil War?"
Tenzin says: "What?"
Tenzin says: "No."
Tenzin says: "We've been out of touch with the outside world since we started our vacation."
Bumi says: "Tenzin's idea."
Bumi says: "What happened?"
Korra says: "So much."
Korra says: "I-I don't know where to start."
Tenzin says: "Just tell us everything!"
Korra says: "Everything?"
Korra says: "Okay."
Korra says: "I opened a spirit portal at the South Pole, but then Unalaq turned out to be a bad guy and wanted to take control of the South, so I sort of started a Civil War, but when I went to find some help, I was attacked by my cousins, and then by a giant dark spirit, and then I forgot who I was, and then I met the first Avatar, and then I realized I shouldn't have opened the portal in the first place, and now I need to close it again!"
Tenzin says: "I knew this would happen."
Tenzin says: "So Avatar Wan imprisoned this dark spirit Vaatu in the Spirit World?"
Korra says: "Yes, and now I think my uncle is trying to free him."
Tenzin says: "I knew Unalaq was hungry for power, but never realized how far he would go to get it."
Korra says: "This is all my fault."
Tenzin says: "No, don't blame yourself."
Tenzin says: "This is Unalaq's doing."
Tenzin says: "Now, we must focus on setting things right before he can do any more damage."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Tenzin says: "So, you need to close the Southern portal, but if Unalaq's army controls the South, how are we going to get to it?"
Korra says: "I thought about that."
Korra says: "My best chance to close the portal is from the inside."
Korra says: "I have to enter the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "A journey to the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "All my years of spiritual training have prepared me for this moment."
Tenzin says: "I will help you."
Tenzin says: "Today, we enter the Spirit World."
Cut to the Southern Spirit Portal, where Unalaq and his children are standing.
Desna says: "Father, what are we doing here?"
Unalaq says: "You're here to straighten out the mess you caused when you failed to capture the Avatar."
Desna says: "I told you, it wasn't our fault."
Unalaq says: "You're right."
Unalaq says: "It was my fault for trusting you."
Unalaq says: "Harmonic Convergence is almost upon us."
Unalaq says: "This is my opportunity to change the world."
Eska says: "We'll make it up to you, Father."
Unalaq says: "Good, because I'll need your help to open the northern portal."
Desna says: "I thought only the Avatar could do it."
Unalaq says: "I believe there is another way."
Unalaq and his children enter the portal. Cut to the Spirit World, where they emerge.
Unalaq says: "This way."
Cut to the trio walking up to the tree where Vaatu is imprisoned as they look at the closed northern portal.
Unalaq says: "There it is, the northern portal."
Cut to an aerial view of the Spirit World, which is the same area where Wan and Raava battled with Vaatu ten thousand years ago.
Cut to the filming set of The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Hero of the South."
Cut to the filming set of The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Close-up of Bolin's face, screaming."
Cut to the filming set of The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "The camera rotates to reveal him, dressed as Nuktuk, suspended upside-down by props resembling eagle talons."
Director says: "Cut!"
Director says: "Okay, that's lunch, everyone."
A bell rings and the scene fades to where all the crew members have left the set. Only Bolin is left there, still suspended by the props.
Bolin says: "Hello?"
Bolin says: "Anyone?"
Bolin says: "Nuktuk's still up here, all alone."
Bolin says: "Asami!"
Bolin says: "Hey, what are you doing here?"
Asami says: "Varrick invited me to watch some of the filming."
Asami says: "Are you filming right now?"
Bolin says: "Right now?"
Bolin says: "Nope."
Bolin says: "We're uh..."
Bolin says: "we're at lunch."
Mako says: "Asami, there you are."
Mako says: "Is Bolin around?"
Mako says: "Good."
Mako says: "I've got something to tell you both."
Bolin says: "Ahh!"
Bolin says: "Ow, aww."
Bolin says: "Oh, I got to stop doing my own stunts."
Mako says: "I found out who's been stealing from Future Industries:  Varrick."
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "No."
Asami says: "He attacked his own ship?"
Mako says: "Yes!"
Mako says: "It was a ploy."
Mako says: "He wants Republic City to go to war, and he wants control of the businesses that stand to profit the most from it."
Mako says: "He already had all the shipping."
Mako says: "All he needed was Future Industries."
Asami says: "Varrick helped save Future Industries."
Asami says: "He's my business partner now, not an evil mastermind."
Asami says: "Mako, you seemed stressed."
Mako says: "I am stressed!"
Bolin says: "See, this is why I had to move out."
Asami says: "You guys aren't living together anymore?"
Bolin says: "Nope."
Bolin says: "It was time for this eagle hawk to spread his wings and fly."
Asami says: "Maybe you just need to relax."
Bolin says: "you're dating again?"
Bolin says: "What?"
Mako says: "Dating?"
Mako says: "No!"
Asami says: "That's crazy!"
Bolin says: "Korra just left a week ago!"
Mako says: "And those explosions were exactly like the ones the captain reported when Asami's shipment was hijacked."
Mako says: "Don't you see?"
Asami says: "Anyone could have gotten their hands on one of those detonators."
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "Let it go, Mako."
Bolin says: "Let it go."
Mako says: "Gah!"
Mako says: "No!"
Mako says: "I'm not going to let it go!"
Mako turns around and walks off. Bolin stared after him along with Asami. Cut to Mako walking down the corridor where he is stopped by two bodyguards.
Cut to the Eastern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Korra are standing at a platform.
Tenzin says: "Why, this very garden is where my father met Guru Pathik."
Korra says: "Wow!"
Korra says: "Spirit World, here we come."
Cut to a field where Korra and Tenzin are meditating. Meelo is ringing a bell, while Ikki is playing a horn by airbending, producing a low droning sound.
Korra says: "Are you in the Spirit World?"
Tenzin says: "I would be if Meelo could ring his bell at the appropriate intervals."
Meelo says: "Aww, did I do it wrong?"
Korra says: "I thought your bell ringing was just fine."
Meelo says: "Thanks!"
Cut to a mountainside where an Air Nomad's face is carved on. Tenzin and Korra are once again meditating, now surrounded by burning incense sticks attached to talismans with the airbending symbol that Kya placed there. Close-up of Tenzin's face.
Tenzin says: "Kya, this is too much smoke."
Tenzin says: "You set it up wrong."
Tenzin says: "This isn't going to work."
Kya says: "I'm sorry."
Kya says: "I did what you told me."
Cut to Jinora's point of view, where she notices multiple dragonfly bunny spirits circling around Korra.
Cut back to Jinora's point of view, where the spirits fly off into the wilderness. The green-colored spirit looks back before flying off, as it gesturing for her.
Jinora says: "Come back, Furry-Foot."
Kya says: "Hey, Jinora, what are you chasing?"
Jinora says: "Nothing."
Jinora catches up with her father, while her aunt looks on with suspicion. Cut to the temple interior where Tenzin and Korra are meditating beneath a statue of Avatar Yangchen.
Tenzin says: "Focus, Korra."
Tenzin says: "Focus."
Korra says: "I am focusing."
Tenzin says: "No talking."
Tenzin says: "Feel the energy of the universe."
Korra says: "Okay, I feel it."
Tenzin says: "Korra, really!"
Tenzin says: "I'm trying to concentrate here!"
Tenzin says: "I don't think this location is going to work either."
Korra says: "What's going on with you?"
Korra says: "First, you're blaming Meelo, then Kya, and now me."
Tenzin says: "Well, nothing is feeling right to me."
Korra says: "I don't want to rush your feelings, but we're kind of in a hurry."
Korra says: "How did you first get into the Spirit World?"
Korra says: "Let's try that."
Tenzin says: "Well..."
Tenzin says: "actually, I've never been into the Spirit World."
Korra is shocked by the revelation, while Tenzin's family members peer into the temple from the outside.
Korra says: "You've never been into the Spirit World?"
Pema says: "But you used to spend days in the temple meditating."
Tenzin says: "Trying to get in."
Tenzin says: "It never happened."
Tenzin says: "It's my greatest shortcoming as an airbender, spiritual leader, and son of Aang."
Bumi says: "Welcome to the "I Disappoint Dad" club."
Kya says: "If you've never been to the Spirit World, how were you planning to get Korra into it?"
Tenzin says: "I've spent years studying the techniques and theories of ancient spiritual leaders."
Tenzin says: "Now that the Avatar needs me, it must be my time."
Korra says: "Tenzin, Harmonic Convergence is almost here."
Korra says: "If Vaatu escapes from the Spirit World—"
Tenzin says: "You have to trust me."
Tenzin says: "I can help you."
Kya says: "There might be another way."
Kya says: "Jinora, is there something you want to tell Korra?"
Tenzin says: "Jinora?"
Tenzin says: "She's too young and untrained to have any knowledge about spiritual matters."
Jinora says: "Actually, I think I do know where Korra needs to go to get into the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "And how would you know that?"
Jinora says: "My spirit friends showed me."
Tenzin says: "How did you do that?"
Pema says: "Jinora."
Meelo says: "Bunnies!"
Jinora says: "Actually, they're dragonfly bunny spirits."
Kya says: "I knew it."
Kya says: "Looks like she does know something about spiritual matters."
The dragonfly bunny spirits fly out of the temple, while Ikki and Meelo give chase.
Ikki says: "So cute!"
Meelo says: "Bunnies!"
Ikki says: "Come back!"
Tenzin says: "How long have you been able to do this?"
Jinora says: "I don't know."
Bumi says: "I think this one likes me."
Korra says: "Are they here to help?"
Jinora says: "I think they want you to go down there."
Tenzin says: "I don't know."
Tenzin says: "The spiritual energy is historically strongest near the temple."
Korra says: "No offense, but I'm guessing the spirits have actually been to the Spirit World, so I'm gonna follow them."
Bumi says: "If we need to go to the Tenzin World, we'll call you."
Cut back to the Spirit World, where Unalaq and his children approach the closed Northern portal.
Eska says: "Father, haven't the spirits had ten thousand years to open this portal?"
Desna says: "If they could not succeed, what makes you think we will?"
Unalaq says: "By entering the Spirit World through the portal, we bring with us something the spirits never had: our bending."
Unalaq says: "Join me!"
Unalaq says: "Together, we can open this portal."
Eska and Desna assist their father by bending their respective water streams. The portal reacts, sending purple energy which disrupts their streams and injures Desna, throwing him backward and groaning in pain.
Eska says: "Desna!"
Unalaq says: "Leave him!"
Unalaq says: "Keep bending!"
Eska says: "He needs a healer at once!"
Unalaq says: "This is more important!"
Eska says: "I'm taking him back."
Eska carries her brother away from the Spirit World. Unalaq continues bending at the portal, but he is unsuccessful. He bends more water, freezing it into an ice drill, but still to no avail. Unalaq looks on in disappointment.
Cut to Varrick's office which is glowing orange. The door opens and the two bodyguards shove Mako in. The camera zooms out to show Varrick and the floor which is covered with burning coal.
Varrick says: "I hear you've got some ideas."
Varrick says: "You wanna tell me about them?"
Mako says: "Go ahead."
Mako says: "Torture me all you want."
Mako says: "I'm not gonna talk."
Varrick says: "Torture?"
Varrick says: "The only thing I want to torture is this pesky foot fungus."
Varrick says: "I heard you've been investigating the recent attacks on my ships, and I think you know that I know that you know, you know?"
Mako says: "Know what?"
Varrick says: "That the world is a dangerous place, and that's exactly why I want to offer you a job on my security force."
Mako says: "I have a job."
Varrick says: "We need you."
Varrick says: "Me, Asami, Bolin."
Varrick says: "We're all in the same team here."
Varrick says: "We want you to join us."
Varrick says: "You wouldn't want anything to happen to Asami, would you?"
Varrick says: "I mean, I heard you and her were kind of, uh, an item again."
Varrick says: "Or what about your brother?"
Mako says: "What are you saying?"
Varrick says: "I'm saying I want your help to protect them."
Varrick says: "Without you, who knows what could happen."
Mako says: "Thanks for your concern, but the answer is no."
Mako leaves, while Varrick returns to walking on the hot coal.
Cut back to the Eastern Air Temple, where Korra, Tenzin, Kya, Bumi and Jinora are riding atop Oogi while following the dragonfly bunny spirits.
Bumi says: "Don't you think he looks like me?"
Tenzin says: "The resemblance is uncanny."
Jinora says: "I think Dad's mad at me."
Kya says: "Your father's not mad."
Kya says: "His pride's just a little bruised since he isn't able to see spirits like you."
Korra says: "You have a natural gift."
Korra says: "That's pretty lucky."
Jinora says: "You're the lucky one."
Jinora says: "You actually got to meet the first Avatar."
Jinora says: "I know about a lot of Avatars, but I don't know anything about him."
Jinora says: "Is it even a him?"
Jinora says: "Or is it her?"
Korra says: "It's a him, Avatar Wan."
Korra says: "He was amazing."
Korra says: "I saw how he became the first Avatar by fusing with Raava, the Spirit of Light."
Jinora says: "The Avatar is part spirit?"
Jinora says: "Of course!"
Jinora says: "Just like the statue."
Kya says: "What statue?"
Jinora says: "When we were at the Southern Air Temple, I was drawn to this old carving."
Jinora says: "I couldn't figure out what it was until now."
Jinora says: "It was the first Avatar."
Korra says: "When did this happen?"
Jinora says: "It was on the solstice."
Korra says: "That's the day I opened the Southern portal."
Korra says: "Whoa."
Jinora says: "Whoa."
Bumi says: "We're here!"
Tenzin says: "Are you sure these spirits are leading us into the right place?"
Bumi says: "Of course!"
Bumi says: "I trust Bum-Ju with my life."
The dragonfly bunny spirits lead the group to a circle surrounded by rocks. The rocks are overgrown with vines and have an airbending symbol on it.
Korra says: "Look."
Korra says: "There are carvings on them."
Tenzin says: "This is an ancient airbender meditation circle."
Jinora says: "There's a lot of spiritual energy in this place, but it feels really strange."
Tenzin says: "We'll have to perform a spiritual cleansing ceremony."
Bumi says: "What are you talking about?"
Tenzin says: "Dad taught it to me."
Tenzin says: "This site has been neglected for many years."
Tenzin says: "A cleansing ceremony will help strengthen its connections to the Spirit World."
The group seats down in a meditative stance. Tenzin bends the smoke from an incense burner, encircling the group. As the smoke approaches the dragonfly bunny spirits, they fly off.
Bumi says: "Good job, you cleansed the area of the only spirits that want to help us, and you scared away Bum-Ju."
Tenzin ignores his brother and continues bending the smoke. As he bends the third circle, the ground around rumbles.
Tenzin says: "It's working."
The other members of the group look on in fear as the rumbling strengthens. The center of the circle suddenly opens and swarms of bat-like dark spirits fly out. The spirits fly out into the sky before swarming toward the group.
Bumi says: "Ah!"
Bumi says: "Bats!"
Bumi says: "Evil bats!"
Korra says: "Not bats."
Korra says: "Dark spirits."
The dark spirits fly out and back into the circle. Korra and Tenzin attempt to bend at the spirits, but they manage to overwhelm their bending abilities and fly back to the circle, causing everyone to cower to the ground.
Tenzin says: "What are we supposed to do?"
Korra follows the dark spirits and runs to the circle. She meditates before waterbending at them, trapping them in an enclosure. She purifies the spirits, causing them to glow gold.
Kya says: "Amazing."
Cut to the outside of the circle where the purified spirits dissipate in a golden glow. The overgrowing vegetation on the circle eventually retreats and disappears.
Tenzin says: "Your spiritual training has come a long way."
Korra says: "Unalaq may be a horrible person, but his spirit powers are no joke."
Tenzin says: "He taught you how to transform dark spirits."
Tenzin says: "I can't even get you into the Spirit World."
Korra says: "Everything Unalaq taught me was to help himself."
Korra says: "Everything you've done was meant to help me."
Korra says: "I am so sorry for turning my back on you as my mentor."
Korra says: "I need you now more than ever."
Tenzin says: "I won't let you down."
Korra walks up to her mentor and hugs him. Tenzin's family looks on with pride, while his sister is wiping off a tear.
Tenzin says: "The ancient airbenders must have built this site."
Tenzin says: "If we meditate here, we'll be able to enter the Spirit World."
Korra says: "Why don't you go first?"
Tenzin says: "After all these years, my father's dreams for me will finally come true."
Cut back to Republic City, outside Mako's apartment. Cut to the inside where Mako is looking through multiple documents when a knock on the door is heard. Mako opens the door to see Asami waiting.
Asami says: "Hi."
Mako says: "Did you come by to tell me how paranoid I am?"
Asami says: "No."
Asami says: "I just wanted to come by to make sure you're okay."
Asami says: "You seemed so agitated earlier."
Mako says: "I'm fine."
Asami says: "Maybe you need a night off."
Asami says: "Why don't we go get some dinner?"
Mako says: "No, thanks."
Mako says: "I'm a little busy."
Asami says: "Too busy for Kwong's Cuisine?"
Asami says: "Remember?"
Asami says: "We had our first date there."
Mako says: "Maybe I do need to get my mind off things."
Lu says: "Hope we didn't interrupt you two lovebirds."
Mako says: "What's going on?"
Lu says: "We busted some Triple Threats who said you hired them for a job."
Mako says: "All right."
Lin says: "According to the Triple Threats, you did more than that."
Lin says: "They said you helped them steal a warehouse full of Future Industries property."
Mako says: "You're gonna believe a bunch of criminals?"
Lin says: "I have to follow up on a lead."
Lu says: "And these."
Lin says: "What are you doing with explosives, Mako?"
Mako says: "I don't know where those came from."
Gang says: "You're under arrest."
Mako says: "None of that is mine."
Gang says: "Yeah."
Gang says: "Should've known you'd hook up with your old pals."
Gang says: "Once a Triple Threat, always a Triple Threat."
Asami says: "This has to be a mistake."
Lu says: "Sorry to break the news to you, sweetie, but your boyfriend's just a crooked cop."
Lu says: "That sting operation was just a way to lure you away from your warehouse."
Mako says: "That's not true, Asami."
Mako says: "I would never do anything to hurt you."
Mako says: "It's Varrick."
Mako says: "This is all Varrick."
Mako says: "He set me up!"
Gang says: "Yeah, it's Varrick's fault."
Gang says: "Varrick."
Gang says: "Varrick."
Cut back to the Eastern Air Temple. Tenzin is meditating in the circle, while everyone is waiting around a bonfire.
Bumi says: "You in the Spirit World yet?"
Kya says: "It's okay, Tenzin."
Kya says: "Maybe you weren't meant to guide Korra into the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "No!"
Tenzin says: "Just give me some time."
Kya says: "Stop being so stubborn."
Kya says: "It's not your destiny."
Kya says: "I think Jinora was meant to guide the Avatar."
Tenzin says: "Jinora will not enter the Spirit World!"
Tenzin says: "She's not ready for the dangers of the other side, but I am."
Tenzin says: "I've spent years training, studying, and mastering everything there is to know about the Spirit World."
Korra says: "Tenzin, we're running out of time."
Jinora says: "Aunt Kya is right."
Jinora says: "I can guide Korra into the Spirit World."
Jinora says: "I'll be all right."
Tenzin says: "Perhaps I will never have the connections with spirits like I always wanted..."
Tenzin says: "like my father wanted me to have."
Jinora says: "It's okay, Daddy."
Tenzin says: "I'm proud of you."
Tenzin says: "Go."
Tenzin says: "Close the portal."
Tenzin says: "We'll wait here and keep your bodies safe till you return."
Korra says: "We'll be all right."
Cut to Korra and Jinora meditating, while Bumi, Kya and Tenzin watch on. Cut to a close-up of Jinora, before cutting back to Korra, whose eyes glow. Cut to the two girls meditating. As Korra and Jinora overlap, the background changes from the meditation circle to the Spirit World.
Korra says: "The Spirit World."
Cut to Unalaq standing in front of Vaatu.
Unalaq says: "The Avatar is dead, and we cannot open the Northern portal."
Unalaq says: "I have failed you, Vaatu."
Vaatu says: "You have not failed me..."
Vaatu says: "yet."
Vaatu says: "The Avatar still lives."
Unalaq says: "How do you know?"
Vaatu says: "Even though my connection to Raava was severed, I can still feel her presence."
Unalaq says: "I'll find her."
Vaatu says: "The Avatar will find you."
Vaatu says: "She has just entered the Spirit World."
Cut to credits.