Shot of Varrick's battleship. Cut inside a cabin with Kya attempting to heal Jinora via waterbending. Cut to a panning shot up Jinora, who lies in a healing tub. Cut to Bumi playing a flute next to Oogi. Cut to an aerial view of the ship. Korra is practicing her bending, with Tenzin and Mako watching. Cut to a close frontal view of Korra, before switching to a side-view, and a close shot of the practice target. Cut to Mako as Bolin approaches.
Mako says: "What's up with the coat?"
Mako says: "And where did you get that pie?"
Bolin says: "It's a Varrick ship, you never know what you're gonna find."
Bolin says: "There's a whole level filled with fun-house mirrors."
Bolin says: "Of course, there's also the catgator deck."
Bolin says: "you guys broke up, and you kinda started dating Asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits?"
Mako says: "Will you keep it down?"
Mako says: "I'm waiting for the right moment."
Bolin says: "Oh Mako, you know a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a blood-sucking leech: you just have to do it fast and get it over with."
Mako says: "I hate it when you listen to me."
Mako says: "Fine!"
Tenzin says: "Unalaq will be waiting for you."
Tenzin says: "You'll need all of your Avatar power to stop him."
Korra says: "I'm going to close the spirit portals, lock Vaatu in for another ten thousand years, and make Unalaq wish he'd never been born."
Korra uses her firebending to blast the head off the practice target. Cut to Mako's feet as the head lands in front of him. Cut to a frontal view of Mako looking worried. Side-view of Mako as Korra approaches.
Korra says: "Thanks Mako."
Mako says: "Uh..."
Mako says: "Um..."
Korra says: "Did you want something?"
Mako says: "Uh no, no, nothing."
Bolin slides into view with a large smile on his face. Mako groans in response. Cut to the practice target, with Tenzin and Korra in the background.
Tenzin says: "As soon as we reach the Southern Water Tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main portal."
Tenzin says: "Then we can rendezvous with Tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the Spirit World."
Kya says: "Woah!"
Kya says: "Since when does my little brother wanna crash or blast through anything?"
Tenzin says: "I'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter."
Bumi says: "We all want to save Jinora, but I think your plan might be a tad over-aggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship."
Tenzin says: "Really?"
Tenzin says: "And what do you suggest?"
Bumi says: "An attack like this calls for strategy."
Bumi says: "I remember when I was surrounded by pirates at the Hurricane Straits."
Bumi says: "We managed to capture them all, with just a feather, two eggs and a barrel of molasses."
Tenzin says: "I don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now!"
Tenzin says: "This is serious!"
Frontal view of Bumi who looks upset. Cut to aerial shot as Asami, Bolin, and Mako approach.
Bolin says: "Are we almost there?"
Asami says: "Almost, but..."
Asami says: "There's a problem."
Frontal view of the group looking shocked and worried. Cut to aerial view of White Lotus compound in the South Pole. Oogi flies into view as Korra enters the compound on Naga. Cut to inside the compound as Oogi lands and Korra's mother approaches. Cut to frontal view of Korra as she dismounts Naga.
Korra says: "Mom!"
Senna says: "I'm so happy you're here."
Korra says: "Where's Dad?"
Senna says: "Unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance, and captured your father."
Korra says: "I'll get him back."
Tenzin says: "Where is my mother?"
Senna says: "She's in the healing hut."
Senna says: "So many injured."
Cut to the inside of the healing hut as the doors open revealing Kya, Bumi, Senna, Korra, and Tenzin holding Jinora. Panning shot of the inside of the healing hut showing the injured men and the female healers. Close-up of Katara, as she turns to see the others.
Katara says: "What happened?"
Tenzin says: "Her soul is trapped in the Spirit World."
Katara says: "Oh my goodness!"
Katara says: "How long has she been away?"
Kya says: "Almost a week."
Kya says: "I've tried to keep her energy flowing, but I can feel her slipping away."
Kya says: "You're the only one who can help her now, Mom."
Close-up shot of a worried-looking Katara. Cut to Jinora being placed in a healing tub by Tenzin. Frontal view of the group, as Katara begins attempting to heal Jinora.
Tenzin says: "How much longer can she survive like this?"
Katara says: "I don't know, but she is very strong to have lasted this long."
Cut to outside the healing hut.
Korra says: "I talked to the rebels."
Korra says: "They said Unalaq's got the southern portal surrounded."
Korra says: "Harmonic Convergence is only a few hours away."
Tenzin says: "Then we have to break through the enemy lines ourselves and get to the portal now."
Korra says: "There's no use in talking any more."
Korra says: "We know what our mission is."
Bolin says: "A suicide mission..."
Everyone pauses briefly and stares at Bolin.
Bumi says: "So I fashioned together a catapult, and with the help of a few well-trained hog monkeys..."
Tenzin says: "Enough of your ridiculous lies!"
Tenzin says: "Can't you see that the fate of the world and Jinora's life depends on what we do here today?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Close-up of Bumi looking upset.
Asami says: "Hold on, maybe Bumi's right."
Asami says: "We don't have a catapult and hog monkeys, but we have a flying bison and there's a plane on Varrick's ship."
Asami says: "Maybe we can attack from above."
Korra says: "What are you thinking?"
Asami says: "Mako, Bolin and I can use the plane to create a distraction, and scatter some of the defenses."
Asami says: "You, Tenzin, Bumi and Kya can fly into the spirit portal on Oogi when you see an opening."
Korra says: "Let's get moving."
Cut to Oogi flying away with a view from beside Naga's foot. Cut to a frontal view of Naga, with Pabu sitting on top. Both look sad as they watch the others leave. Cut to Unalaq's compound. Cut inside Unalaq's tent as Desna and Eska enter.
Eska says: "What are we still doing here, Father?"
Desna says: "The invasion was completely successful and the southern tribe is under our control."
Desna says: "The spirit portals are open."
Eska says: "You've restored balance."
Eska says: "Now we would like to go home."
Unalaq says: "You don't understand."
Unalaq says: "Everything I've achieved so far will pale in comparison with what I'm about to accomplish."
Desna says: "What else is there?"
Desna says: "The Water Tribe is united."
Unalaq says: "After today, there will be no more Water Tribe; no more nations of any kind."
Unalaq says: "And I will lead this glorious revolution."
Unalaq says: "Now go outside and get the troops ready to defend the spirit portal."
Eska says: "From whom?"
Eska says: "We've already beaten everyone."
Unalaq says: "The Avatar will be here soon."
Unalaq says: "She has no choice..."
Cut to side-view of Oogi and the plane from Varrick's ship. Cut to a closer side-view of Asami piloting the plane. She gives the thumbs up to Tenzin. Cut to a frontal view of Tenzin, who nods in return. Cut to a side-view of the two groups splitting up. Cut to a side-view of a scared Bolin hanging on tightly to the plane's wing.
Asami says: "Are you ready?!"
Asami says: "!"
Bolin says: "I'm an earthbender, strapped to the wing of a plane, hundreds of feet in the air, so, no?"
Mako says: "Don't worry, there's no way they'll be expecting this."
Cut to a wide-view of Unalaq's compound. Spirits encircle the portal to the Spirit World from above. Cut closer to a side-view of the Northern Water Tribe soldiers ready to fight. Cut back to Bolin.
Bolin says: "I think they were expecting it!"
Cut to a view from below of the portal surrounded by spirits. Cut inside one of the bunkers as the Northern Water Tribe soldiers stand ready. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane flies into view. Cut to a ground shot of the soldiers watching. Cut inside a bunker as the soldiers begin their attack. Cut outside of the bunker as the soldiers shoot icicles out toward the plane. Cut back to an aerial view of the compound as the plane manages to dodge the incoming projectiles.
Bolin says: "Asami!"
Asami says: "Fire!"
Side-view of Mako who begins to firebend at the compound below. Side-view of the inside of the compound as the plane makes a pass. Side-view of the plane rising, avoiding more projectiles. Cut to a side-view of Asami, and a view from behind the plane. Cut back to the compound as the plane approaches again. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin, who begins earthbending. Cut to a side-view of the compound, as the plane makes another pass and Bolin earthbends explosives onto the mecha tanks. Cut to a side-view of Bolin triggering the explosives. Cut to an aerial view showing the explosions. Cut to an aerial view of the compound, as the plane continues its attack. Oogi approaches the compound.
Korra says: "There are spirits everywhere."
Korra says: "I don't see an opening."
Tenzin says: "Hold on!"
Cut to a frontal view closer to the ground, as Oogi dives away from the spirit. Cut to a side-view as spirits now encircle Oogi. Some of the spirits have already managed to attach themselves to Oogi. Cut to a side-view of Oogi, as another spirit jumps on, but is quickly airbent away by Korra. Cut to Kya, who begins waterbending the spirits away. Cut to a frontal view of Oogi groaning.
Tenzin says: "The spirits are weighting Oogi down!"
Tenzin says: "We're losing altitude!"
Bumi says: "If I go, you're coming with me!"
Cut to a side-view as the shadow lets go of Oogi and both Bumi and the shadow begin to fall.
Kya says: "Bumi!"
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane continues its attack. Cut to a side-view inside the compound of the soldiers sending another wave of projectiles. Cut to a side-view of the plane as some of the icicles connect, damaging the plane. Mako responds with his firebending. Cut to a view inside the compound as Mako creates a wave of fire. Cut a ground view of the plane flying away. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the plane makes another run. Cut to a frontal view of Bolin. Cut to a side-view outside of a bunker as Bolin bends more explosives down and blows up the compound.
Bolin says: "I wish Varrick was filming this!"
Bolin says: "We could call it "Nuktuk: Sky Warrior"!"
Cut to a side-view of Eska and Desna in the compound, who begin their attack. Cut to an aerial view of the twins sliding on the snow using their waterbending. Cut to a side-view of the plane as the twins manage to destroy the tail of the plane. Cut to a view behind Eska and Desna as they watch the plane begin to fall.
Asami says: "Brace yourselves!"
Cut to a side-view of the plane as it begins to fall and crash. Cut to a wide shot of the crash site, showing Bolin, Mako and Asami unconscious. Cut to a front view of Oogi and the others. Cut to a frontal view from the ground as Oogi begins to fall and crash due to the spirits. Cut to a view of Korra, Tenzin, and Kya lying on the ground. Cut to a close-up of Korra. Cut to a frontal view of Northern Water Tribe soldiers approaching from the compound. Fade to black as Korra passes out.
Fade back in as Korra regains consciousness, showing Tonraq tied up. Cut to a side-view of Tonraq and Korra.
Korra says: "Dad..."
Tonraq says: "Korra..."
Tonraq says: "I'm so sorry."
Tonraq says: "I failed you."
Korra says: "Don't give up."
Korra says: "Harmonic Convergence isn't here yet."
Korra says: "We still have a chance."
Korra turns as the camera cuts to a frontal view of Korra, Tonraq, Tenzin, and Kya all tied up. Mako, Bolin, and Asami are thrown into the tent, also tied up. Cut to a side-view of the tent.
Mako says: "We tried."
Cut to a frontal view of Korra and Tonraq looking sad.
Unalaq says: "Congratulations, everyone."
Unalaq says: "You've all got front row seats for the beginning of a new world order."
Korra says: "You don't know what you're doing, Unalaq."
Korra says: "Freeing Vaatu won't make you powerful, it will only make you a traitor to everything good that's happened over the last ten thousand years."
Unalaq says: "but there shouldn't be a bridge: we should live together as one."
Korra says: "Even if Vaatu escapes, I'll put him right back in his prison, just like Wan did."
Unalaq says: "a Dark Avatar."
Unalaq says: "Your era is over."
Tonraq says: "Think about what you're doing."
Tonraq says: "I know that you've always had a deep connection with the spirits, but you're still a man."
Tonraq says: "You're still my brother, you're Eska and Desna's father."
Tonraq says: "Are you willing to throw your humanity away to become a monster?"
Unalaq says: "Keep them locked up."
Unalaq says: "After the Harmonic Convergence, I will come for Korra."
Eska says: "Yes, Father."
Cut to a view from behind Korra and Tonraq, as Unalaq and his two Northern Water Tribe guards leave the tent.
Tenzin says: "I failed in every way."
Tenzin says: "We've lost Jinora forever."
Kya says: "There's still a chance."
Kya says: "They didn't get Bumi."
Cut to a side-view of Bumi who kicks his way out of being buried in the snow. Cut to a frontal view as he sits up and realizes the spirit he took down with him is still there. Cut to a side-view of the two as Bumi stands up and the spirit approaches.
Bumi says: "Oh, we're playing dirty, huh?"
Bumi reaches into his pocket. Cut to a view behind Bumi as he throws out a dagger. Cut to a side-view of the spirit as the dagger goes inside of it, reverses, and is propelled back out toward Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who manages to dodge out of the way. Cut to a side-view of them both as Bumi barely manages to move out the way of the spirits attack. Cut to a frontal view of Bumi who reaches into his pocket again and pulls out the flute. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit approaching. Cut to a close-up of Bumi as he begins to play. Cut to a frontal view of the spirit as it calms down. Close-up of Bumi.
Bumi says: "Hmm..."
Bumi says: "Looks like we've got a music lover here."
Bumi says: "All right, soldiers, looks like it's on us to save the day, luckily I've got a plan."
Cut to a view of the portal and the spirits surrounding it, panning down to the compound. Cut to a frontal view of Eska and Desna looking out from the tent.
Korra says: "Eska, Desna, listen to me."
Korra says: "You've got to help us stop Unalaq."
Korra says: "I know he's your father, but Vaatu has made him completely crazy."
Eska says: "We will never turn on our father."
Korra says: "Please."
Korra says: "Once he fuses with Vaatu, no one will be safe."
Korra says: "Desna, he won't be your father anymore."
Desna says: "Our father is the wisest man in the world."
Desna says: "If he says what he is doing is right, I believe him."
Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the soldiers are repairing the damage. Cut to a side-view of a soldier walking past Naga, Pabu, and Bumi without noticing.
Northern soldier 1.
Huh?
Bumi jumps on the soldier as he stops. Cut to a view inside the compound as spirits fly past other soldiers.
Northern soldier 2.
You know, if I wanted some ball of evil lurking over my shoulder all the time, I'd have stayed home with my mother-in-law.
Cut to a side-view of another part of the compound as Bumi moves forward, dressed as a Northern Water Tribe soldier.
Bumi says: "All right, spirit army."
Bumi says: "It's not working!"
Bumi crawls and runs away. Cut to a wide-view of the compound as Bumi runs away, chased by spirits. Cut to a close-up of Bumi. Cut to a frontal view of more spirits approaching. Cut to a side-view of two mecha tanks and Bumi. Bumi jumps in to one of them. Cut to a view inside the mecha tank Bumi jumped into. Cut to a frontal view outside the mecha tank as the spirits surround Bumi before entering it. Cut inside to a front view of Bumi as the mecha tank begins to break down. Cut to a close-up of the mecha tank's tread, which activates. Cut to a view behind the mecha tank as it begins to drive into tents. Cut to a side-view of the compound as the soldier run away. Cut to a close-up of Bumi.
Bumi says: "Get me out of here!"
Bumi activates a lever. Cut to outside the mecha tank as it fires off a grappling hook. Cut to a close-up of a tower as the hook latches on. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank as it begins to swinging around the tower, destroying tents as it goes. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the mecha tank continues to destroy it all. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank. Cut to an aerial view of a tent that gets knocked over showing two soldiers playing a board game and one sleeping. Cut back to the aerial view, as most of the compound is destroyed. Cut inside to Bumi as the spirits show themselves and Bumi becomes scared. Bumi pulls the eject lever. Cut to a side-view of the mecha tank, as Bumi is propelled out. Cut to a front view of Bumi; switch to a side-view as he slides into the tent where the rest of Team Avatar are captured, knocking over Eska and Desna in the process. Cut to close-up.
Bumi says: "All right guys, rescue time."
Eska and Desna get back up and glare at Bumi. Naga and Pabu came bursting into the tent and knock out the surprised twins. Cut to a panning view of the others as they look on in surprise. Cut to an aerial view of the compound as the final tower falls.
Tenzin says: "Bumi, how did you manage to take out this entire encampment on your own?"
Bumi says: "I did it all with my trusty flute and..."
Bumi says: "ah, never mind, you wouldn't believe it anyway."
Bumi says: "Let's get moving."
Bumi marches off followed by the others. Cut to a frontal view of the bunkers near the portal as the group approaches.
Cut to a wide shot of the entire group in a forest clearing. Cut to a frontal view of Tonraq being held up by Mako.
Tonraq says: "You run into the portal, I'll try to hold off anyone who comes after you."
Korra says: "Asami, can you take Oogi and my dad back to my mom?"
Asami says: "Mhmm."
Korra says: "This is my fight now."
Tonraq says: "Korra,  I love you."
Korra says: "I love you too, Dad."
Cut to a frontal view of Asami on Oogi.
Asami says: "Yip-yip."
Oogi takes off. Cut to a ground view from behind Korra and Tenzin as she watches Oogi leave. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Tenzin, Mako, Bolin, Bumi, and Kya.
Korra says: "Mako and Bolin will take care of Unalaq, while I close the portal so Vaatu can't escape."
Bolin says: "Wait a second."
Bolin says: "Worst-case scenario: so we're fighting Unalaq, you close the portals and let's just say something happens to you."
Bolin says: "Are we going to be trapped in there for eternity?"
Korra says: "Let's go."
Cut to frontal view of the portal as the group run toward it. Cut to inside the Spirit World with a view of the Tree of Time. Spirits encircle the tree as Unalaq waits. Cut to a side-view of Unalaq as he turns to the portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra, Bolin, Mako, Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi enter the Spirit World. Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq who, along with the spirits, begins to attack. Cut to a wide-view of the spirits approaching Team Avatar.
Korra says: "Tenzin, go find Jinora!"
Tenzin says: "C'mon!"
Tenzin, Kya, and Bumi run off to find Jinora. Korra enters the Avatar state and dashes forward, preparing to airbend. Cut to an aerial view as she unleashes a wave of air. Cut to a side-view of the spirits as they are rebuffed by the airbending. Unalaq leaps off the shadow he was on and begins to waterbend. Cut to a front view of a pond of water that Unalaq uses to slow his descent by turning it in to ice to slide down. As he lands he begins to waterbend again. Cut to a side-view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Bolin and Mako run forward and begin bending their respective elements to stop Unalaq. Korra rushes off toward the Southern Portal. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra approaches. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, as she reaches the portal and enters the Avatar State. Cut to a frontal view of the portal as Korra attempts to close it.
Cut to a frontal view of Unalaq attempting to break through Mako and Bolin's defense. Cut to a side-view of the area. Cut to a frontal view of Mako, as he dodges Unalaq's attack before continuing his own with Bolin. Mako is launched into the air by Bolin's earthbending. Cut to a side-view, as Mako's attack is repelled and he is sent flying backward by Unalaq's attack. Unalaq repels Bolin's attack.
Cut to a ground view of Korra, as she continues her attempt to close the portal. Cut to the Tree of Time and Vaatu.
Vaatu says: "You're running out of time, Raava."
Vaatu says: "I know you feel it coming."
Cut to an aerial view of the sun as the planets begin to align. Cut back to a view behind Korra as she is knocked backward by a pulse of energy. Cut to a side-view of the two portals as their energy begins to collide. Cut to a frontal view of Korra watching on. Cut to a close-up of Unalaq. Cut back to a side-view of the portals. Cut outside of the portal in the South Pole, as Desna and Eska are knocked backward by a wave of energy. Cut to a frontal view of them falling backward as the wave continues. Cut to a close-up of the twins. Cut to an aerial view of some cliffs as the wave spreads. Cut to a view of the entire planet as waves from both poles spread across the entire planet. Cut to a wide-view of Republic City, as a wave passes by. Cut to a wide-view of a street of Republic City. Cut to a close-up of Lin Beifong. Cut to a ground view of Lin and other citizens of Republic City looking up at the sky. Cut to a view of the entire planet again as the two waves converge.
Cut back inside the Spirit World as the two portals begin to create lightning that hits the Tree of Time. Cut to a frontal view of the Tree of Time. The lightning stops and it goes dark briefly before energy explodes from the tree. Cut to a wide-view of the Tree of Time as the energy expands and dissipates. Vaatu emerges. Cut to a frontal view of Korra, Bolin, and Mako. Cut to a frontal view of Vaatu as he begins to laugh. Cut to a close-up of Korra.