Naga and Pabu are seen curled up in a courtyard on Air Temple Island. Cut to a shot of Korra lying asleep in bed with her hair all undone, as Mako watches over her. He holds her hand, while Asami watches silently from a doorway. She looks down sadly and leaves. Cut to Tenzin entering his room, where his wife and children are all sleeping in one bed. He sits next to the bed and places his hand on Pema's stomach, as both she and Jinora open their eyes.
Jinora says: "Daddy, you're home."
Jinora says: "We waited up for you."
Jinora says: "Is Korra okay?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, she's fine, sweetie."
Ikki says: "I was scared."
Ikki says: "I thought she wasn't coming back."
Tenzin says: "I'm sorry you were scared, but everything is going to be fine now."
Tenzin says: "I promise."
In the dining hall at Air Temple Island, Korra chows down on food while sitting at a table with Bolin, Mako, Asami, Tenzin, Lin, and Pema.
Korra says: "Mmm."
Korra says: "Mmm."
Korra says: "The food tastes amazing, Pema."
Korra says: "I'm finally starting to feel like myself again."
Pema says: "We're so thankful you're home safe."
Asami says: "Let me help."
Tenzin says: "Korra, I realize you've been through a lot, but I need to know everything that happened."
Korra says: "Well, first off, Tarrlok isn't who he says he is."
Korra says: "He's Yakone's son."
Lin says: "It all makes sense now."
Lin says: "That's how Tarrlok was able to bloodbend us without a full moon."
Tenzin says: "But how did you escape?"
Tenzin says: "And where's Tarrlok?"
Korra says: "Amon captured him,  and took his bending."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Korra says: "Yeah, he showed up out of nowhere."
Korra says: "He almost got me, too."
Tenzin says: "This is very disturbing news."
Tenzin says: "Amon is becoming emboldened."
Tenzin says: "Taking out a councilman, almost capturing the Avatar..."
Tenzin says: "I fear Amon is entering his endgame."
Bolin, Korra and Mako exchange glances of concern. Cut to Asami and Pema washing dishes in the kitchen. Pema suddenly doubles over and cries out in pain.
Asami says: "Pema, are you all right?"
Pema says: "The baby is..."
Pema says: "just kicking, really hard, is all."
Pema says: "I'm fine."
Asami says: "Should I get Tenzin?"
Pema says: "No reason to worry him, it's nothing."
Mako walks into the kitchen carrying a teapot.
Mako says: "Can I get some hot water?"
Mako says: "Korra needs more tea."
Asami says: "You're a firebender."
Asami says: "Boil it yourself."
Asami continues washing her dish as both Mako and Pema stare at her with confusion.
Mako says: "Is there something we need to talk about?"
Asami says: "I've noticed how you treat Korra."
Asami says: "How you acted when she was missing."
Asami says: "You have feelings for her, don't you?"
Mako says: "What?"
Mako says: "No!"
Mako says: "She was taken by a crazy bloodbender!"
Mako says: "How did you expect me to act?"
Asami says: "But you've been keeping the truth from me this whole time."
Mako says: "The truth?"
Mako says: "About what?"
Asami says: "You're really going to make me say it?"
Mako says: "Yes!"
Mako says: "Because I don't know what you're talking about!"
Asami says: "The kiss, Mako."
Asami says: "I know."
Mako says: "Bolin told you, didn't he?!"
Mako says: "!"
Asami says: "Don't blame your brother for what you did."
Asami says: "Do you have feelings for Korra or not?"
Mako says: "Look, things are crazy right now."
Mako says: "Can we deal with our relationship problems later?"
Mako says: "Asami!"
Cut to Tenzin walking through a courtyard, as Lin comes up from behind.
Tenzin says: "Lin, um, I, I- I need to ask you a favor."
Tenzin says: "It would mean the world to me..."
Lin says: "Spit it out already!"
Tenzin says: "Will you stay here and watch over Pema and the children while I meet with the council?"
Tenzin says: "With everything that has happened lately, I want to be sure my family is in safe hands."
Lin says: "Of course I'll help, old friend."
Pema walks up, holding Meelo.
Pema says: "I didn't realize you two were out here."
Tenzin says: "Pema!"
Tenzin says: "Ye- yes- yes, Lin has agreed to help out around here and keep an eye on things while I'm away."
Pema says: "Thank you!"
Pema says: "I could use the extra pair of hands."
Pema says: "Would you mind giving him a bath?"
Pema says: "He's filthy."
Meelo sticks out his tongue and blows a raspberry at Lin, while continuing to laugh.
Lin says: "This is not what I signed on for!"
Tenzin says: "Thank you, Lin!"
Tenzin says: "Oogi, yip yip."
Tenzin takes to the sky on Oogi. Lin turns her head back to Meelo, who is picking his nose.
Meelo says: "I gotta poo!"
Meelo says: "Really bad!"
Meelo grunts and Lin quickly metal bends a cable around his waist to avoid touching the soiled child. Lin makes a disgusted face and hurriedly carries him away. Cut to a large house in Republic City, before cutting to a room inside. The Fire Nation representative of the United Republic Council is pacing nervously about the room, while her husband is absorbed in a newspaper.
Councilwoman says: "Do you know where my keys are?"
Councilwoman says: "I can't find them anywhere!"
Husband says: "No, dear."
Councilwoman says: "Oh, found them!"
Husband says: "Good, dear."
Councilwoman says: "Don't wait up for me; this council session will probably go late into the night."
Husband says: "The door, dear."
The councilwoman opens the door to find two men in uniforms standing on the front step, one of which is actually Amon's Lieutenant in disguise. He quickly gives a sly smile before looking normal.
Lieutenant says: "We're here to fix a spider-rat problem."
Councilwoman says: "I didn't call an exterminator."
The Lieutenant electrocutes her with the spray hose, which is actually disguised Equalist equipment. Both step into the house as a thumb of her body collapsing onto the ground can be heard.
Husband says: "Dear?"
Cut to Tenzin landing on the roof of City Hall on Oogi. He dismounts and walks around the dome, where several workers are cleaning the glass. They nod at each other as Tenzin passes. He walks a few steps further, but pauses as he hears the fizz of electricity. He ducks in surprise as an electrified disk spirals over his head, and spins midair as another barely misses him. He lands on his feet as the Equalists in disguise drop to the ground and seize his wrists with bolas. Tenzin dodges their attacks, and airbends himself high into the air with an air sprout. The Equalist who was still standing on the ground is flung backward against the concrete wall by a gust of wind; he slumps down against it. Switch to a looking up short of Tenzin riding his air spout and the two Equalists holding onto their bolas for dear life as they are spun around. Unable to hold on any longer, they release their grip and are flung onto a nearby rooftop. Tenzin lands back on the ground as the door opens and the council page comes out.
Council page says: "Aah!"
Council page says: "Ah, I'm so relieved to see you!"
Tenzin says: "The other council members."
Tenzin says: "Are they all right?"
Council page says: "I'm afraid not!"
Council page says: "I just received a call from Chief Saikhan."
Council page says: "They've all been captured!"
Tenzin says: "This can't be happening."
Council page says: "The leadership of Republic City is in your hands now."
Tenzin and the page hear the sound of nearby explosions and run to the edge of the roof to see bombs falling onto the city from airships.
Council page says: "It is a tragic day indeed!"
Cut to Air Temple Island. Lin is standing in the courtyard with Tenzin's children and the White Lotus sentries, as the Equalists airships fly in overhead.
Lin says: "All right, kids, time to go inside."
Korra, Mako, Bolin and Asami rush in to see what is going on. Jinora, Ikki and Meelo walk back into the house.
Korra says: "We heard explosions, what's going on?"
Lin says: "Republic City is under attack."
Cut to Hiroshi Sato, looking at a photograph of himself, his wife, and Asami as a child. He snaps the picture shut and tucks it away in his jacket pocket, before walking toward Amon, who is watching the city from the windows at the front of the airship.
Hiroshi Sato says: "I've dreamed of this day for so long."
Amon says: "Yes, the time has come for the Equalists to claim Republic City as their own."
Hiroshi Sato turns and looks at Amon. Cut to Republic City from across the bay, as smoke rises and sirens and explosions are heard. Korra, Mako, Bolin and Asami get off of Tenzin's boat and run off the dock.
Asami says: "Where did you say you parked the car?"
Korra says: "It's right around here somewhere."
Korra says: "There it is."
Team Avatar runs to the Satomobile, which has crashed into a pole.
Asami says: "Wow, nice parking job."
Korra says: "Hey, you guys got arrested and left me alone with the car!"
Korra says: "I made it very clear I don't know how to drive."
Bolin says: "All things considered you did a great job!"
Bolin says: "But how are we going to pay for all these parking tickets?"
Mako says: "Relax, the city is under attack."
Mako says: "The police have more important things to worry about."
Asami says: "Why don't you sit in back?"
Asami says: "With Korra."
Mako says: "I think I will."
Korra says: "Everything all right?"
Mako says: "Yeah, everything is terrific..."
Bolin says: "Car!"
Bolin says: "Oh, we're good."
Cut to outside police headquarters before switching to a control room inside.
Male telegraph operator #1.
To Saikhan. Chief! Air unit seven was just taken out by an Equalist airship. They've crashed into the harbor!
Saikhan says: "Send a river rescue unit."
Female telegraph operator says: "Chief, all the river rescue ships have been sabotaged!"
Saikhan says: "What?"
Tenzin says: "Chief Saikhan."
Saikhan says: "Tenzin, am I glad to see you."
Saikhan says: "I was afraid you'd been captured too."
Tenzin says: "I'm the only Council member left."
Tenzin says: "What's the status?"
Saikhan says: "Amon has launched simultaneous attacks across the boroughs."
Saikhan says: "The police are trying to regain control but we're spread too thin."
Tenzin says: "I need to send a wire."
Male telegraph operator #2.
To whom, Councilman?
Tenzin says: "The general of the United Forces."
Cut to the halls of Police Headquarters, as people run in both directions. The camera pans up to the air vents, where smoke pours out. Amid the smoke, people cough and fall over.
Male telegraph operator #2.
Councilman, your wire has been sent.
Female telegraph operator says: "Chief, the phone lines just went dead!"
Saikhan and Tenzin glance at each other as an alarm goes off. The power goes out, silencing the alarm. Saikhan turns on a flashlight.
Saikhan says: "Catch."
They both search the room with their flashlights. Tenzin notices smoke coming out of a vent.
Tenzin says: "Saikhan, the vents."
Tenzin says: "We need to evacuate immediately."
Tenzin says: "Everyone stay close to me."
Cut to a smoke-filled hallway, where Tenzin walks down with an air dome to protect Saikhan and his workers. Cut to the headquarters' entrance, where Tenzin's party escapes the smoke and Tenzin stops airbending. Everyone in Tenzin's party gasp and the camera show an aerial view of six mecha tanks surrounding the entrance.
Tenzin says: "Not these mecha tanks again!"
The mecha tanks hold up magnetic arms that attract the metalbender's police uniforms. Two metalbender officers get captured with this magnetism and Tenzin tries to save Saikhan by pulling on him with an air current. However, the magnet is too strong and captures Saikhan.
The three mecha tanks deposit their metalbender officers into a truck. One mecha tank fires a pincer cable at Tenzin, but he airbends the cable down and continues attacking the mecha tank. Two mecha tanks fire cables at Tenzin, who once again deflects them with airbending. A mecha tank charges toward Tenzin and fires a pincer cable at Tenzin, knocking him against the wall of police headquarters. Tenzin uses an air wheel to soften his fall. He looks up and the camera changes to his point of view, as he sees the truck drive away.
Tenzin says: "Saikhan, no!"
Tenzin looks up as he sees a burning police airship falling out of sight behind a building. He sees the telegraph operators being captured by Equalists on the City Hall steps. His vision blurs and goes black as the mecha tanks close in. Cut to an aerial view, as six mecha tanks surround Tenzin and close in. Cut to a street, where Asami drives around a corner and floors the gas pedal. Bolin earthbends two ramps in front of the car.
Asami says: "Jump!"
Team Avatar bails out of the car before the ramps launch it into the air and knock one mecha tank into another. The four mecha tanks close in on Team Avatar. Mako, Bolin, and Korra engage the tanks with their bending. A mecha tank is attacked with fire, while the one to its left fires a cable, only to be knocked back by a stone slab. The first mecha tank fires a cable at Bolin, who dodges it by launching himself away. Mako attacks a mecha tank, only to be grabbed by a cable and electrocuted. Mako grabs the cable and redirects the electricity at the mecha tank. The electricity courses through the tank as its lights go out and it slumps on itself. Korra melts the nearby snow into two water streams and dodges one of the cable and runs up one of Bolin's ramps and bends the water into the exhaust pipes of another mecha tank. It begins malfunctioning and Bolin uses earthbending to knock it over. Two Equalists have just carried Tenzin to a truck and set him down when Asami electrocutes one from behind. She takes out five more Equalists as they attack her, nimbly dodging their attacks before electrocuting them. Tenzin groans and stands.
Tenzin says: "Thank you."
Tenzin joins Mako, who is dodging a mecha tank's attacks. Tenzin positions himself beneath the tank and airbends it high into the air, sending it flying into the dome of City Hall. Cut to a view of the battle through a spyglass, before cutting to Hiroshi in Amon's airship.
Hiroshi says: "Tenzin has escaped once again."
Hiroshi says: "I can't stand to see Asami fighting alongside those benders."
Amon says: "We'll capture them before long and you will have your daughter back."
Cut to Korra rushing up to Tenzin.
Korra says: "Are you all right?"
Tenzin says: "I'm fine."
Tenzin says: "Thank you, kids."
Tenzin says: "Another moment later and I would have been on my way to Amon."
Mako says: "Uh, guys..."
Mako says: "look."
He points down the street, where an Equalist airship can be seen arriving at Air Temple Island.
Tenzin says: "Oh no."
Cut to the airship as the hatch opens and the Lieutenant and a group of chi blockers can be seen inside. They look down at the island as a metal hook and cable fires from above their heads and attaches to the temple's stone steps. The chi blockers use harnesses to slide down the cable to the island. The White Lotus sentries are watching and charge forward to confront them. Cut to Lin standing in the courtyard, as Tenzin's family watches from the balcony.
Lin says: "Everyone, hide inside and remain calm."
Lin says: "Pull it together, Pema!"
Lin says: "Didn't I just say "remain calm"?"
Ikki says: "Mommy, what's wrong?"
Pema says: "The baby's coming!"
Jinora says: "Oh no!"
Meelo says: "Not now, baby!"
Two Air Acolyte midwives rush to help Pema and lead her inside, leaving the kids watching in concern. Cut to the White Lotus sentries watching as the chi blockers run up the steps. They begin bending at them as a cable from a second airship buries itself in the steps immediately below them. More chi blockers swing down, followed by the Lieutenant. Cut to Lin standing guard in the courtyard, as she listens to booted feet running. The Lieutenant and a group of chi blockers race up the steps and charge. Lin uses her cables to take out two chi blockers, before grabbing another Equalist with the cable. An Equalist runs up to her, which she intercepts with an earth column. She bends out another earth column and shoots the projectile to an Equalist's face. She groans and slams the floor, creating three earth columns that send the Equalists flying into the air. Cut to Pema in bed, as an Air Acolyte puts a cloth on her forehead.
Pema says: "The children, where are they?"
Air Acolyte woman says: "Don't worry."
Air Acolyte woman says: "They're in the other room, totally safe."
Cut to Lin fighting the Lieutenant. He intercepts her cables with his batons, sending a current through them to knock her over. The Lieutenant stands over her and raises his electrified kali sticks.
Lin says: "Jinora!"
Lin says: "You shouldn't be out here!"
Lin says: "Girls!"
Lin says: "You need to go back inside this instant!"
Meelo jumps down from the roof.
Meelo says: "Taste my fury!"
Lin says: "Meelo!"
Lin says: "Be careful!"
Meelo sends three other blasts from his hands and rear, and makes a small air shield around himself to send the remaining Equalists flying. Close-up on Meelo, who has a drip of snot in his nose and an awkward slow motion face.
Lin says: "Never mind."
Cut to the Equalists bound and in a row in front of Lin, the children, and the White Lotus sentries.
Jinora says: "Dad!"
Oogi lands and Tenzin and Team Avatar dismount. Tenzin embraces his children.
Tenzin says: "Oh, thank goodness you're all right!"
Meelo says: "We caught the bad guys."
Tenzin says: "You let them fight?"
Tenzin says: "Do you realize what could have happened?"
Lin says: "I would have been toast if it weren't for your kids."
Lin says: "Go on, be with your wife."
Cut to a hall, which Tenzin runs down, when he hears the cry of a baby.
Tenzin says: "Pema!"
Pema says: "Tenzin."
Tenzin says: "I'm here, Pema."
Pema says: "Our new son."
Tenzin says: "Come, meet your new brother."
Meelo says: "A brother?"
Meelo says: "Well it's about time!"
Ikki says: "Welcome, I'm Ikki, and this is Jinora and Meelo."
Ikki says: "We have a super great family and we're so happy that you're a part of it."
Jinora says: "What're you gonna name him?"
Jinora says: "Can I pick?"
Pema says: "We already chose a name."
Tenzin says: "Rohan."
Lin, Korra, and Mako watch the scene from near the doorway.
Korra says: "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but more airships are coming."
Tenzin looks down at Rohan.
Ikki says: "Everything's not gonna be fine, is it, Daddy?"
Cut outside to Bolin and Asami. Korra, Tenzin, Lin, and Mako join them and they look at the incoming airships.
Korra says: "What do you want to do, Tenzin?"
Tenzin says: "I need to protect my family, and get them as far away from this conflict as possible."
Tenzin says: "If Amon got his hands on my children..."
Tenzin says: "I hate to even think of it."
Lin says: "If you're leaving, then I'm going with you."
Lin says: "No arguments."
Lin says: "You and your family are the last airbenders."
Lin says: "There's no way in the world I'm letting Amon take your bending away."
Tenzin says: "Thank you, Lin."
Tenzin says: "Korra, I want you to leave this island and hide for the time being."
Korra says: "I'm not giving up."
Tenzin says: "I'm not asking you to."
Tenzin says: "I sent word to the United Forces."
Tenzin says: "They will be here soon."
Tenzin says: "And once my family is safe, I will return."
Tenzin says: "With the reinforcements, we can turn the tide in this war."
Korra says: "What you're saying is, we need to be patient."
Tenzin says: "Stay safe, Korra."
Korra says: "You too."
Lin says: "Tenzin, if we're leaving, we'd better do it now."
Tenzin says: "Oogi, yip yip!"
The sky bison fly away from the island, as Korra and the team look up at them. Two Equalist airships begin to chase them, as more airships invade the island. One airship shoots out a cable near the team and Equalists come down on the island. The White Lotus guards run in front of Korra and her friends and take their stances.
White Lotus sentry #1.
Go! We'll hold them off!
Korra says: "Let's go, girl!"
Naga runs away as more Equalists come down and encircle the White Lotus sentries, spinning their bolas as they begin to fight. As Team Avatar runs away, Bolin looks up and points at the Lieutenant.
Bolin says: "Mustache guy!"
Lieutenant slides down the slope and jumps off to attack them. Naga jumps up and uses her right paw to smack the Lieutenant off of the cliff face as they run past.
Korra says: "Nice one, Naga!"
Naga runs to the pier and jumps into the water. Korra waterbends a large water bubble around them as Naga swims to safety. The camera pans up to show Republic City under siege. Cuts to Oogi trying to evade the Equalist airships, but they are coming closer to them.
Lin says: "They're gaining on us!"
Tenzin says: "Faster, Oogi!"
Oogi speeds up, but an Equalist airship shoots out a large net at them. Lin metalbends her cables to break the net apart and wraps her cable around the rope. She stands and looks at the family with sorrow as they look at the airships in fear. She looks away before turning back at them.
Lin says: "Whatever happens to me, don't turn back!"
Tenzin says: "Lin, what are you doing?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Lin runs and jumps off Oogi, reeling herself up and landing on the airship. She takes her stance and rips off a large section of the airship's metal skin. There is an explosion and it begins to fall into the harbor below. Lin metalbends a panel to catapult herself to the other airship. She begins to rip apart the airship when Equalists come up behind her. They wrap their bolas wrapped around her body and feet, electrocuting her into unconsciousness. The last airship turns back as the family gazes at it in shock.
Meelo says: "That lady is my hero."
Tenzin says: "Yes, she is."
Oogi flies to safety. Cut to a large drainage pipe near the bay, where Korra and the team watch in dismay as Air Temple Island is raided. Mako places his hand on Korra's shoulder.
Mako says: "Korra, we should get moving."
Mako escorts Korra into the tunnel. Asami looks disdainfully at them before she too, walks with them into the tunnel. Cut to an Equalist airship hovering over Air Temple Island, where it is raining. The camera pans down to a group of Equalists. Closer shot of Lin kneeling in front of Amon.
Amon says: "Tell me where the Avatar is and I'll let you keep your bending."
Lin says: "I won't tell you anything, you monster."
Amon says: "Very well."
Lin falls to the ground, unconscious. Cut to Iroh, general of the United Forces, standing at the bow of a ship.
Messenger says: "General, I just received a wire from the Avatar."
Messenger says: "She says Amon and his forces have gained control of the city."
Messenger says: "How do you want to respond?"
Iroh says: "Tell her we will be arriving in three days' time."
Iroh says: "And that I look forward to winning back Republic City, together."
The camera pans back to show the United Forces fleet. Cut to credits.