The scene opens an open field, where Naga jumps and catches a ball with her mouth before making her way to Korra. As Naga drops the ball in front of Korra, she airbends the ball away from the airship, getting Naga to fetch it back.
Lin says: "While you're playing fetch, four of the most dangerous criminals are hunting you down."
Lin says: "We should get moving."
Korra says: "Relax, we just got here."
Korra says: "Besides, no one knows where I am except us."
Korra says: "I think she wants you to throw it for her."
Cut to a close-up of Lin, who looks down. Cut to the saliva and grass-coated ball with Naga's whining heard in the background. Cut back to Lin, who keeps looking down for a few seconds before glancing at Korra.
Lin says: "I'll pass, thanks."
Asami says: "We just got a call from the radio about another airbender."
Korra says: "Finally!"
Korra says: "Where are they?"
Mako says: "A city called Zaofu,  the home of the Metal Clan."
Korra says: "You know the place?"
Lin says: "But I don't want you going there."
Lin says: "I would rest a lot easier if you were back at Republic City."
Korra says: "Sorry, if there's an airbender in Zaofu, then that's where we are going next."
Lin glares to the side and puts her head down in disappointment. Naga bends down and nudges the ball over to Lin with her nose. The metalbender regards the polar bear dog for a moment before bending out her cable and slapping it against the ball, thereby puncturing it and causing it to deflate as she leaves. Naga is left upset after Lin bursts it using her cables. Naga looks down at the deflated ball and lowers herself down, pawing at it, attempting to roll it on the ground. She makes a sad whining noise and her tail sags. The scene shifts to an aerial view of the plains he police airship, flying through the clouds and over the city of Zaofu. As the clouds past, a huge gleaming city made entirely out of metal in the shape of a lotus flower is seen. There are smaller metal flowers around the city too.
Bolin says: "you should feel right at home, Beifong."
Lin is seated on a bench far away from the windows with her arms crossed. Naga and Pabu are near her.
Lin says: "Hmm..."
Cut to a close-up of Korra, who appears to be a little unhappy at Lin's behavior and pouts at her. Camera pans out to the landing pad of the city. The police airship proceeds to land at one of the stations controlled by metalbenders. A metalbender uses and bends a string of cable out of the crane and it loops itself around a hook under the airship to connect the metal cable to the airship. Two other metalbenders subsequently bend and build an intricate stairway for the airship's passengers. Cut to the interior, where Bolin runs out excitedly, while the rest of Team Avatar walks out calmly. Lin is slumped on the seat and still seated in the background, uninterested.
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Asami says: "Aren't you coming?"
Lin says: "What's there to see?"
Lin says: "It's metal."
Lin says: "Big whoop."
Lin says: "Just find the airbender and let's get moving."
Lin says: "Don't tell anyone I'm here."
Korra says: "Why not?"
Lin says: "I don't need to explain myself to you."
Lin says: "Just do what I say."
Korra says: "You got it, Chief Crankypants."
Team Avatar exits the airship, where they are greeted by a man in green and yellow robes and two Metal Clan escorts.
Aiwei says: "Avatar Korra."
Aiwei says: "It is an honor to meet you."
Aiwei says: "My name is Aiwei."
Korra says: "Thanks for having us."
Aiwei says: "Is this everyone?"
Korra says: "Just us."
Korra says: "So, can I meet the new airbender?"
Aiwei says: "right this way."
Aiwei gestures for Team Avatar to follow him. The escorts close the gate after them and they descend down the dock. Cut to Air Temple Island, followed by the inside of the dining hall.
Ikki says: "like you guys."
Daw says: "It's so nice to meet you."
Daw says: "How exciting."
Daw says: "New friends."
Zaheer says: "I heard this is the place to come for if you're a new airbender."
Meelo says: "You got that right, stranger."
Zaheer says: "Well, a couple of weeks ago, I woke up and suddenly I can do this."
Ikki says: "We got another one!"
Cut to Zaheer, who smiles at his successful deception. The scene shifts to an aerial shot of Zaofu, followed by the city, where a tram passes by. Cut to the interior of the tram, where Team Avatar and Aiwei are, while Bolin looks out excitedly.
Aiwei says: "That statue honors the first metalbender, Toph Beifong, who expanded the possibilities of what benders were capable of."
Aiwei says: "Here, everyone is encouraged to reach his, or her, highest potential."
Bolin says: "Does Toph live here?"
Bolin says: "Are we going to get to meet her?"
Aiwei says: "I'm afraid not."
The tram continues its path and heads for the edge of Zaofu, stopping at the terminal. Cut to an aerial shot of the city's edge.
Korra says: "Wow."
Korra says: "Is this where the airbender lives?"
Aiwei says: "Yes."
Aiwei says: "But first, her mother wants to meet you."
Cut to the dance studio, where eight dancers are rehearsing on a flattened metal lotus flower. They fire metal cables to the ceiling, and four of them swing upward before landing, while the four bottom dancers bend the petals for their team-mates to land on. The dancers bounce from petal to petal, before jumping to the middle, where the flower closes. The dancers open the flower, where the inside dancers pose with graceful poise.
Korra says: "Is this some kind of combat training?"
Aiwei says: "Not exactly, they are rehearsing for a dance premiere next month."
Aiwei says: "Allow me to introduce the matriarch of the Metal Clan, Suyin."
Suyin says: "Please call me Su."
Suyin says: "And this must be Mako, Bolin, and Asami."
Mako says: "You've done your research."
Suyin says: "I make it my business to know who's visiting my city."
Korra says: "So, you're a dancer."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "I, uh, I didn't."
Korra says: "I mean..."
Bolin says: "Oh..."
Korra says: "How did you know I was lying?"
Aiwei says: "I'm a truth seer."
Aiwei says: "When people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase."
Aiwei says: "I can sense the most subtle of changes."
Suyin says: "Thanks to Aiwei, there are no secrets in our city."
Korra says: "We came with Republic City's Chief of Police."
Korra says: "She didn't want anyone to know she was here."
Korra says: "I'm sorry I didn't tell you."
Suyin says: "Lin's here?"
Suyin says: "Well, I would love to say hello."
Korra says: "Wait, you two know each other?"
Suyin says: "You're joking, right?"
Suyin says: "Lin never told you about me."
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "Why would she?"
Suyin says: "I'm Lin's sister."
Team Avatar listens to the news with surprise and disbelief. Cut to the police airship, where Lin looks at Zaofu, before the scene focuses on her reflection.
Korra says: "Why didn't you ever tell me you had a sister?"
Lin says: "Half-sister."
Suyin says: "Same mom, different dads, so what?"
Suyin says: "We're blood, Lin, and after thirty years, the least you could do is say "hello"."
Lin says: "I have nothing to say to you."
Camera angle changes to a close-up of an angry Lin. The blurred background clears up with the rest of the party looking sad. Korra is a little annoyed. Fade to black and back to a view of Lin's police airship on the hangar bay.
Suyin says: "Ask her, I've tried."
Lin says: "Oh, don't put that on me."
Lin says: "You're the one who tore our family apart."
Suyin says: "And you've done a bang up job keeping it that way."
Lin says: "You haven't changed one bit, have you?"
Suyin says: "Look, we can stay here arguing about the past all day, but that's not reason the Avatar came here."
Suyin says: "My daughter is thrilled to meet you."
Korra says: "Lin, your niece is the new airbender!"
Korra says: "Isn't that amazing?"
Lin says: "Yeah."
Lin says: "Terrific."
Cut to a field with metal columns, where a metal disc ricochets between, with a player on each side.
Suyin says: "Those are my two youngest, Wei and Wing."
Suyin says: "They're playing a game called Power Disc."
Suyin says: "They invented it all on their own."
Wing shoots the disc to Wei, who redirects it, ricocheting it between multiple columns. Wei fires the disc back, ricocheting against a column. Wing leaps to intercept the disc, but fails to catch it, which slams onto a net.
Suyin says: "Oh, nice power, Wei."
Wei says: "Ha!"
Wei says: "Wing goes down!"
Suyin says: "I'm so proud of those two."
Suyin says: "Huan, I'd like you to meet the Avatar and her friends."
Suyin says: "And your Aunt Lin."
Korra says: "Nice to meet you."
Bolin says: "Wow, that's a really nice..."
Bolin says: "banana?"
Bolin says: "Yes, very, very lifelike."
Huan says: "Obviously."
Bolin says: "Oh, yeah, no, uh, I can, I can totally see that."
Bolin says: "I mean, that's a banana right?"
Cut to a view of a mountain and the camera pans down to the group walking toward a slightly younger teenaged lady reading a book on a bench.
Suyin says: "And this is my daughter, Opal."
Opal says: "I can't believe you're here."
Opal says: "You are so amazing."
Korra says: "It's great to meet you, Opal."
Bolin says: "Opal."
Bolin says: "That's a beautiful name."
Opal says: "Thanks."
Bolin says: "I'm Bolin."
Opal says: "Opal."
Opal says: "But, uh, you already knew that."
Korra glances back and forth between the two with amused curiosity. Bolin looks off awkwardly while Lin storms toward them.
Lin says: "Great."
Lin says: "We've found the airbender."
Lin says: "Let's take her back to the airship and get out of here."
Suyin says: "And the woman apparently trying to abduct you is your aunt Lin."
Opal says: "Really?"
Opal says: "I've always wanted to meet you."
Opal says: "My mom has told so many stories about you."
Suyin says: "So I've set all of you up in the guesthouses while Korra trains Opal."
Korra says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Korra says: "But I was hoping she could train with the rest of the airbenders at the Northern Temple."
Opal says: "That sounds amazing."
Suyin says: "Nonsense."
Suyin says: "This is where Opal's home and family are."
Suyin says: "You can train her here."
Korra says: "I guess I could help her get started."
Lin says: "Absolutely not!"
Lin says: "We're leaving."
Korra says: "She's just a little worried because there's a bunch of crazy criminals after me."
Suyin says: "If you're concerned about security, don't be."
Suyin says: "This is the safest city in the world."
Suyin says: "Now I'll see you all at dinner."
Suyin says: "And come hungry."
Suyin says: "My chef will blow the taste buds right out of your mouth."
Korra says: "Why do you have such a problem with your sister?"
Korra says: "She seems nice."
Cut to the garden, where Opal and Korra are standing.
Korra says: "Okay."
Korra says: "Let's see what you've got."
Opal says: "I'm not very good."
Korra says: "That's okay."
Korra says: "I've never been a teacher before, so we're in the same boat."
Korra says: "You'd want to keep your elbows in, torso straight, feet just skimming the ground."
Korra says: "Why don't you try it with me?"
Opal follows Korra's movements and they circle each other. Soon, both bend out a stream of air which circles them, and they continue their movement.
Korra says: "Woah."
Korra says: "You're a natural."
Opal says: "You really think so?"
Opal says: "Thanks."
Cut to an overhead shot of the duo training, which fades to a shot of the airbending gates of Air Temple Island. A female airbender slams against the gates before tumbling out. She rubs her head as Meelo, Daw, Zaheer, and another male airbender look on.
Meelo says: "You call yourself an airbender?"
Meelo says: "Disgraceful!"
Meelo sternly points to the gates, prompting Daw to run in with no greater success.
Meelo says: "Be the leaf!"
Daw says: "But, I don't even know what that means."
Zaheer calmly walks past them, causing the duo to look up curiously. He somersaults through the front panels and avoids every other gate. The rest of the group look on in surprise as Kya walks up to them. Cut to Zaheer who nimbly avoids the gates, before somersaulting through the final gates. Zaheer turns and clasps his hands in respect.
Meelo says: "Now, that man is a leaf."
Zaheer says: "A student is only  as good as his master."
Meelo bows respectfully back to Zaheer.
Kya says: "Great news!"
Kya says: "I just got a message from Tenzin."
Kya says: "He's with a whole group of other airbenders at the Northern Temple and he wants all of you to join them."
Kya says: "We leave first thing in the morning."
Zaheer says: "And the Avatar is with him?"
Kya says: "No."
Kya says: "Apparently she had to split off from Tenzin."
Zaheer says: "That's unfortunate."
Zaheer says: "I was really looking forward to meeting her."
Cut back to Zaofu at night, where the metal panels surrounding the city close. The scene changes to the dining area.
Chef says: "Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad."
Suyin says: "Stunning."
The chef bows before walking off, where he bows to Baatar as they cross paths.
Baatar says: "Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office."
Baatar says: "I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel."
Suyin says: "Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration."
Baatar says: "You're the best!"
Suyin says: "That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son."
Suyin says: "He engineers all my husband's projects."
Lin says: "Five kids."
Lin says: "What a nightmare."
Suyin says: "No, no."
Suyin says: "My children are a blessing."
Lin says: "Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it."
Bolin says: "Mmmm."
Bolin says: "I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendrils",  but this is delicious."
Opal says: "I know, right."
Opal says: "I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life."
Bolin says: "Oh."
Bolin says: "I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets."
Bolin says: "I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be."
Opal says: "I'm sorry."
Opal says: "I didn't know."
Bolin says: "No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past."
Bolin says: "Things are great now."
Bolin says: "I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation."
Opal says: "Wow."
Opal says: "Your life sounds so exciting."
Suyin says: "How's your search for the new airbenders going?"
Korra says: "Honestly, not great."
Korra says: "We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen."
Suyin says: "Oh, she's horrible."
Suyin says: "She thinks she can just do whatever she wants."
Lin says: "Sounds familiar."
Suyin says: "What?"
Lin says: "Nothing."
Suyin says: "I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated."
Suyin says: "Don't you agree, Korra?"
Korra says: "I..."
Korra says: "I haven't really thought about it too much."
Suyin says: "Well, you should start."
Suyin says: "The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside."
Lin says: "Hey, everyone."
Lin says: "My little sister is an expert on world affairs now."
Suyin says: "You want to talk about what's really bugging you?"
Suyin says: "Because I'm right here!"
Lin glares bitterly at her sister before turning away. Cut to Varrick and Zhu Li, who enter the hall.
Varrick says: "Sorry we're late, everyone."
Bolin says: "Varrick!"
Asami says: "What are you doing here?"
Varrick says: "Great question, Asami."
Varrick says: "I mean, what are any of us doing here?"
Varrick says: "Wow, food for thought."
Varrick says: "Any who, how's our company doing?"
Asami says: "You mean my company."
Asami says: "Future Industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the President."
Varrick says: "Allegedly plotted to abduct the President."
Varrick says: "Never convicted."
Mako says: "Uh, that's because you escaped prison."
Varrick says: "No, the universe decided to set me free."
Varrick says: "So, I looked up my old friend Suyin here, pitched her a few ideas,  and bam!"
Varrick says: "We're in business together."
Suyin says: "Varrick's heading up my new technology division."
Varrick says: "I've seen the future, and the future is, magnets!"
Varrick says: "I'm working on a high speed rail that would revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it."
Lin says: "I'm trying to keep the Avatar safe and you're harboring a criminal?"
Suyin says: "Ease out, Lin."
Suyin says: "Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life."
Suyin says: "My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master."
Suyin says: "People change."
Korra says: "Lin!"
Lin exits the hall, firing her cable to slam the door. Cut to the bathroom, where Mako is styling his hair, while Bolin brushes his teeth.
Mako says: "So, you and Opal seemed to hit it off dinner."
Mako says: "I think she's really into you."
Bolin says: "Yeah, I know."
Bolin says: "She's sweet and pretty and super nice."
Bolin says: "Too bad she's not my type."
Mako says: "Right, I forgot."
Mako says: "Your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess."
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Cut to Suyin's study, where Korra admires a model of Zaofu.
Suyin says: "You know, before I built this city, there was nothing here."
Suyin says: "I wanted to make my mark on the world."
Korra says: "It's amazing."
Korra says: "Thank you for being so welcoming."
Korra says: "And I'm sorry for how Lin's been acting."
Korra says: "Can I ask what happened with you two?"
Suyin says: "It's complicated."
Suyin says: "We didn't have a normal childhood."
Suyin says: "Neither of us knew our fathers and Toph was always busy being Chief of Police."
Suyin says: "Because mom grew up in such a strict household, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths."
Korra says: "That sounds like a good thing."
Suyin says: "And in a way it was."
Suyin says: "But we both ended up fighting for mom's attention."
Suyin says: "Lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop."
Suyin says: "I was..."
Suyin says: "more of a rebel."
Suyin says: "Mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out."
Suyin says: "When I was sixteen, I left home to explore the world."
Suyin says: "I sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for a while, and lived in a sandbender commune in a desert."
Suyin says: "It took me a while, but, I finally realized what I was looking for was a family."
Suyin says: "So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home."
Korra says: "It sounds like you've created the perfect life here."
Suyin says: "Almost."
Suyin says: "I've always wanted Lin to be a part of it, but I gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around."
Korra looks away sympathetically. Cut to a pavilion, where Opal is training her airbending.
Bolin says: "Ahhh, woo-woosh, psst."
Opal says: "Why are you acting weird?"
Bolin says: "Why are you acting weird?"
Opal says: "I don't like how you're talking to me."
Bolin says: "Look, I'm sorry."
Bolin says: "I just get really self-conscious when I know when a girl likes me, and I-I end up looking stupid."
Opal says: "Who said I liked you?"
Bolin says: "Oh no."
Bolin says: "But I though..."
Opal says: "Just kidding."
Opal says: "But, do me a favor and stop trying."
Opal says: "Look, don't stop trying."
Opal says: "Just stop trying so much."
Opal says: "Just be yourself."
Bolin says: "Huh."
Bolin says: "Be myself."
Bolin says: "Yeah, I guess I can give that a shot."
Bolin and Opal look at each other romantically. Korra clears her throat to make her presence known.
Opal says: "Oh, hey Korra."
Korra says: "Can I steal you away from Bolin for a minute?"
Korra says: "I need you help with something."
Opal walks off with Korra, bidding farewell to Bolin on the way. Cut to Air Temple Island, where Zaheer walks into Tenzin's study. He looks at a small shrine of an Air Nomad and takes the amulet, with a sculpting of Guru Laghima. He opens the amulet to read the inside inscription.
Zaheer says: ""Let go your earthly tether."
Zaheer says: "Enter the void."
Zaheer says: "Empty and become wind."
Ikki says: "What are you doing?"
Ikki says: "No one's allowed in Daddy's study except Daddy."
Zaheer says: "I'm sorry."
Zaheer says: "I couldn't sleep."
Ikki says: "What were you reading?"
Zaheer says: "A poem by Guru Laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived."
Kya says: "Ikki, you should be in bed."
Kya says: "C'mon."
Ikki says: "Night."
Zaheer says: "Good night."
Kya says: "You seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending."
Zaheer says: "I've always admired the culture."
Kya says: "And you moved through those gates like a natural."
Kya says: "Where did you say you were from?"
Zaheer says: "A small village up north."
Zaheer says: "You've probably never heard of it."
Kya says: "Wait."
Kya says: "Zaheer!"
Kya bends the water in the fountain and directs it at Zaheer, who blasts it off with airbending. Kya bends the water around her and shoots ice projectiles at him. Zaheer takes a staff and smashes the ice projectiles. He leaps out through the window and opens the staff, preparing to escape. Kya leaps out with water tendrils on either arm.
Kya says: "I need some help!"
Kya catches Zaheer with her tendrils, leaping down before slamming him to the fountain. She prepares to freeze him, though Zaheer managed to dodge the attack in the nick of time, having only his leg frozen, which he easily broke through. Kya bends the water into a wave and rides toward him, directing all the water to Zaheer, but he shields himself with airbending and blows her off. Zaheer prepares to grab his staff, but is blocked by a fire blast.
White Lotus sentry says: "Hold it right there!"
The two sentries direct fire blasts at Zaheer, which he nimbly dodges. Zaheer pulls the staff with airbending, using the staff to block another blast before throwing a blast of air to slam the sentries against the roof of a pavilion. Kya, who has regained consciousness, bends the water to surround herself, before directing a strong blast toward Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the blast and sends a large air blast to Kya, slamming her against the wall, knocking her out.
Zaheer says: "Sorry, I won't be joining you at the Northern Air Temple."
Zaheer says: "I'm afraid I have other plans."
Zaheer opens his staff and flies off. Cut to the streets of Zaofu before switching to a room where Lin, in her undershirt, is reading a newspaper.
Lin says: "Who is it?"
Korra says: "Hey, it's me."
Korra says: "I brought someone who wants to talk to you."
Lin says: "You want to talk?"
Lin says: "Then talk."
Opal says: "I'm sorry being here has been so hard for you."
Opal says: "When you showed up, I was so excited to get to know you."
Opal says: "I heard so many great things about you from mom and Grandma Toph."
Opal says: "So, I guess I was kind of sad you didn't want to know me."
Opal says: "Believe me, I know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming some times."
Opal says: "But I would love it so much if you would be a part of it."
Lin says: "Get out."
Opal says: "Sorry, did I say something wrong?"
Lin says: "Get out!"
Opal tears up and runs away. Korra looks on helplessly and approaches Lin.
Korra says: "What's your problem?"
Korra says: "Don't get mad at Opal."
Korra says: "I asked her to talk to you because I thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in."
Korra says: "But I guess I was wrong."
Lin says: "Why don't you focus on fixing the world, and stop trying to fix my family?"
Korra says: "Su's right."
Korra says: "You're never going to change."
Korra says: "You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman."
Korra storms out of the room. Cut to Lin, with her hand on her face, as a tear runs down her cheek.
Fade to credits.