The episode opens with a ferry sailing toward Air Temple Island. Cut to a frontal shot of Bolin, leaning slightly over the railing with Pabu perched on his shoulder. He looks toward the island with an excited look upon his face. Mako and Asami, her arm wrapped around Mako, are standing behind Bolin, watching the island as well. Cut to a far off shot of Air Temple Island and the ferry pulls up at the port. The scene switches to a back shot of Korra, Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo standing on the dock, waving at the people on the boat. Naga stands on the dock as well.
Ikki says: "Your new home."
Meelo says: "my domain."
Bolin says: "little monk child."
Pabu jumps down from Bolin's shoulder and runs in between Meelo's legs before running to the right. Meelo bends over and looks through his legs at Pabu. He stands erect again.
Meelo says: "What's that fuzzy creature?"
Pabu and Naga sniff each other's nose; Pabu erects himself on his hind legs, and gently touches Naga's nose with his left front paw.
Jinora says: "to the bamboo forest of the central Earth Kingdom."
Ikki says: "He's cuuuute!"
Ikki squees and runs off screen toward Pabu. Meelo airbends upward while an irritated Jinora plugs her ears by putting a finger into each of her ears to silence Ikki's shrieks. Cut to Pabu who hisses at Ikki and runs under Naga. The girl follows suit as she continues giggling with joy. Meelo descends down to jump on Naga's head, grabbing and pulling the polar bear dog's ears backward.
Meelo says: "Yip yip!"
Meelo says: "Fly sky bison!"
Meelo says: "Fly!"
Naga does not react to Meelo's antics and Ikki continues to chase Pabu around the dock. Cut to Korra looking at the children.
Mako says: "Thanks for sending the Air Acolytes to help us with the move."
Asami says: "Such tireless workers."
Cut to a side view of the boat as are seen two Air Acolytes carrying several trunks of luggage. They are heard them grunting as they walk down the ramp.
Korra says: "few things."
Mako says: "Trust me,  it could've been worse."
Korra says: "No problem, everyone here wants you guys to feel welcome."
Cut to the gates of Air Temple Island. Naga playfully chases Pabu around as the group strolls behind them and walks toward the temple. Ikki runs around with her hands outstretched as she sings and hums gleefully. Cut to a side view shot of Asami, Mako, and Jinora. Asami looks down at Meelo with confusion as he grins at her.
Meelo says: "You're pretty, can I have some of your hair?"
Mako says: "Looks like I have some competition."
Bolin says: "I have a couple of questions."
Mako says: "So, where are we going to be staying?"
Meelo says: "You're a boy."
Meelo says: "Boys have to stay on the boys' side."
Bolin says: "I'm a boy!"
Korra says: "Meelo, why don't you go with the boys too?"
Korra says: "Ikki and I will take you to your room this way."
Scene changes to show the outside of the girls dormitory before changing to the corridors where Korra, Asami and Ikki are walking.
Ikki says: "Asami, did you know Korra likes Mako?"
Korra stops in her tracks as her eyes grow wide open in horror. Cut to the inside of her head as her face contorts in a dramatic background where Korra inhumanly screams at Ikki in horror, fire burning and lightning striking behind her before returning to reality. Korra looks around with fear as Asami looks uncomfortable with the topic.
Asami says: "Uh, no."
Asami says: "I wasn't completely aware of that."
Korra grabs Asami's arm and drags her further along the corridor. Back shot of Korra as she slides open the doors, and moves to the side, smiling and gesturing to Asami in an inviting manner to enter the room. As Asami enters, Ikki walks up to the room to follow them, but Korra goes in after Asami and turns around, glaring at Ikki while slamming the doors shut in front of her, making her step back.
Ikki says: "Hey!"
Korra says: "Run along, Ikki!"
Ikki looks down and moans sadly. Suddenly, she looks up and acts out like an angry cat with glowing white eyes, making some cat noises as she claws at the air before growling at the doors and folding her arms in annoyance while looking away. Inside the room, Korra sighs and scratches her head awkwardly.
Korra says: "I know this is a little rustic compared to what you're used to."
Korra says: "Come right in."
Tenzin says: "Good day, ladies."
Tenzin says: "Asami, welcome to the island."
Tenzin says: "Beifong's replacement, Saikhan, is going to be inducted as the new Chief of Police later."
Tenzin says: "I think we should both be there."
Cut to the outside of the Police Headquarters, a large crowd standing at the front with Saikhan at the podium.
Saikhan says: "It was an honor serving under Chief Beifong for so many years  until we quell this insurgency."
Korra says: "What is that weasel snake Tarrlok up to now?"
They look at Tarrlok with disdain, and the camera cuts to a shot of the council chairman. Cut to an overview shot of the police headquarters, before focusing on Tarrlok again. As the crowd disperses after the inauguration, he gives the Fire Nation councilwoman a hands, who leaves with the other council members; he bows after them in their direction.
Tenzin says: "Tarrlok, I don't know what you did to get Chief Saikhan in your pocket but I highly doubt it was legal."
Tarrlok says: "Oh, Tenzin."
Tarrlok says: "Well, Avatar Korra."
Tarrlok says: "Long time, no see."
Tarrlok says: "Now that your little pro-bending distractions are over, I look forward to your return to my task force."
Korra says: "Ha!"
Korra says: "Forget it!"
Korra says: "There's no way I'm rejoining your vanity project."
Tarrlok says: "That is unfortunate to hear, but I'm sure you'll come to your senses as you have in the past."
Korra says: "Don't hold your breath, bub."
Korra says: "but I don't need you."
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar."
Tarrlok says: "If you will not be part of my task force, then you had best stay out of my way."
He leaves as Tenzin places his hand on Korra's shoulder to comfort her, as she looks in Tarrlok's direction in anger. Aerial shot of Oogi flying over Republic City. Closer shot of Korra sitting on the saddle.
Korra says: "I'm a failure."
Tenzin says: "No you're not."
Tenzin says: "You just need to work through this airbending block."
Korra says: "Amazing advice."
Korra says: "I'll get right on that."
Tenzin says: "I wasn't finished yet."
Tenzin says: "You see, Aang not only had his bending teachers, but also his past lives to call upon for guidance."
Tenzin says: "Have you ever made contact with your past lives?"
Korra says: "No, of course I haven't."
Korra says: "Didn't you get the memo from the White Lotus?"
Korra says: "I'm a spiritual failure, too."
Tenzin says: "You may have made a connection without realizing it."
Tenzin says: "Perhaps something you mistook as a dream?"
Korra says: "Maybe."
Korra says: "I had a few weird hallucinations,  but I hardly even remember them."
Tenzin says: "And did you see any previous Avatars in these visions?"
Korra says: "I saw Aang."
Korra says: "It seemed like he was in trouble."
Korra says: "What do you think it means?"
Tenzin says: "Hmm, I don't know."
Tenzin says: "I believe Aang's spirit must be trying to tell you something."
Fade to evening as the camera points toward Avatar Aang's statue. The scene turns into night time as the camera pans to show Korra sitting on the ledge on Air Temple Island, staring at the statue of Aang on Memorial island, tears rolling down her cheeks.
Mako says: "Korra?"
Mako says: "You out here?"
Korra turns her head toward the voice and wipes away her tears as Pabu comes out from the bushes. Cut to a bush as Pabu's head peeks out and chirps.
Bolin says: "Korraaa!"
The ferret stops in front of Korra and starts licking away her tears. Bolin, Asami, and Mako find her and Pabu runs back to Bolin and climbs up onto his shoulder.
Bolin says: "There you are."
Bolin says: "Are you okay?"
Korra says: "I'm fine."
Mako says: "Come on, what's wrong?"
Mako says: "You can tell us."
Korra says: "I just feel..."
Korra says: "alone."
Asami says: "No, that's nonsense!"
Asami says: "You're amazing!"
Mako says: "Yeah and remember."
Mako says: "Aang hadn't mastered all the elements when he was battling the Fire Nation."
Mako says: "He was just a little kid."
Bolin says: "And he wasn't alone."
Bolin says: "He had his friends to help him."
Bolin says: "Look, the arena might be shut down but we're still a team."
Bolin says: "The new Team Avatar!"
Mako says: "We got your back Korra, and we can save this city."
Mako says: "Together."
Korra says: "Yeah, let's do it!"
Places her hand on top and Meelo suddenly descends and airbends down, farting on top on their hands as they express their shock and disgust by widening their eyes.
Scene changes to the gates of the temple to a night view of Republic City as the camera slowly pans out to reveal Bolin looking at the city.
Bolin says: "You are about to be patrolled by Team Avatar."
Mako says: "Asami, you always know how to accessorize your outfits."
Asami says: "I figure one way to fight Equalists is to use an Equalist weapon."
Korra says: "All right,  Let's ride."
Camera pans out to reveal Mako, Asami, and Korra already seated on Naga.
Bolin says: "Naga away!"
Naga bends down, causing the New Team Avatar to slide off her and fall on top of each other. Naga growls and shakes her head. Cut to an embarrassed Korra as she stands up and places her hand on her head. She narrows her eyes in dismay as they look to the side.
Korra says: "All right, scratch that."
Korra says: "Any other ideas?"
Asami says: "I think I have the answer."
A garage opens, the headlights from a car shining on Mako, Bolin, and Korra. Asami starts up the car and drives out of the garage. The car swerves and stops in front of them.
Asami says: "You think this'll do?"
Mako, Bolin, and Korra smile at her and they all jump into the car.
Mako says: "I like the new Team Avatar's style."
Asami changes gears and they drive off to patrol the city. The radio begins to speak.
Police dispatcher says: "Unit two sixteen, cancel that ten fifty-eight at Harmony Tower."
Police dispatcher says: "Come back to the station, over."
Asami says: "My dad had police scanners installed in all of his cars."
Asami says: "I guess now I know why."
Police dispatcher says: "Calling all units, Level Four Alert."
Police dispatcher says: "Jailbreak at headquarters."
Police dispatcher says: "Officers down, electrocuted."
Police dispatcher says: "Chi blockers and Equalist convicts are still at large armed and dangerous."
Bolin says: "Chi blockers!"
Korra says: "Let's get 'em!"
Asami changes gears and begins the car chase. Cars twirl and stop from crashing into the truck as it plows through the street. Asami dodges the cars and still tails the chi blockers but a massive truck blocks their way.
Asami says: "Korra!"
Asami says: "Bolin!"
Asami says: "Give me a ramp!"
Asami says: "Now!"
Korra and Bolin earthbend a massive ramp that sends the car soaring into the air before landing safely, resuming their chase. Mako uses his lightning and strikes one of the chi blocker's motorcycle, making the chi blocker fall to the ground. Bolin earthbends earth darts, hitting the wheel of another motorcycle, causing the chi blocker to fall. Asami dodges the fallen cyclist. The rest of the chi blockers begin to use a smoke screen and move right in front of them. Not being able to see, Asami puts on her goggles and notices the chi blockers turning to the right.
Asami says: "Help me out!"
Asami says: "We gotta make this turn!"
Korra and Bolin earthbend a giant, angled curve, making the car swerve up before landing back onto the street and they resume the chase.
Asami says: "They don't know we made the turn."
Asami says: "Okay, get ready."
Asami changes gears and the car gains speed to ram the motorcyclists, flinging them into the air before landing on top of the bonnet. Mako firebends but his arm is wrapped up by the Equalist's bola. Mako uses his other arm, but it becomes wrapped up as well. The other Equalist jumps in front of Bolin and chi blocks his arm before he can even attack, making him the fall back into his seat with pain. Asami electrocutes the chi blocker with her glove, causing the Equalist to fall onto the back seat.
The first Equalist attempts to pull Mako out of his seat, but Korra grabs his shoulders and pulls him down, causing the Equalist to fall over onto the car, where Asami electrocutes him. Mako chucks the unconscious Equalist to the back and prepares to do another lightning strike. Asami drives the car closer to the truck so the driver is visible and Mako shoots his lightning at the driver. The driver becomes unconscious and the truck begins to swerve before tumbling to its sides, hitting the lamp post before it stopped. Photos are taken by reporters as the team waits for the police to arrive. Korra smiles as Tarrlok approaches them.
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra, what do you think you are doing?"
Korra says: "Oh, hey Tarrlok."
Korra says: "Nice of you to show up finally."
Korra says: "Here, we captured the escaped convicts for you."
Tarrlok says: "What you did was tear up the city and impede the real authorities in their pursuit of these criminals."
Korra says: "they would've gotten away."
Cut to the outside City Hall.
Tarrlok says: "The law I have proposed would make it illegal for anyone to be a member of the Equalists or even be associated with them."
Tarrlok says: "It also puts into effect a curfew, ensuring all nonbenders are in their own homes by nightfall."
Tenzin says: "This is going too far, Tarrlok!"
Changes to the streets of Republic City where Team Avatar are resting and eating their dumplings, when the radio suddenly starts buzzing.
Police dispatcher says: "All available units, please respond to the fifty six hundred block of Dragon Flats borough."
Police dispatcher says: "Equalists have taken to the streets, consider them armed and dangerous."
Police dispatcher says: "Proceed with caution."
Bolin says: "I call front!"
Mako says: "After you."
Korra says: "What a gentleman,  thanks!"
Both jump into the car, smiling at each other as Asami adjusts the mirrors, narrowing her eyes at them in disdain before starting the car and driving off to the Dragon Flats borough, where police airships are circling around an area plunged in darkness.
Korra says: "Why is the power out?"
The car swerves around the corner and stops. Asami takes off her goggles as they look at hundreds of nonbenders protesting at the metalbending police officers who are holding them behind a blockade.
Asami says: "Wait a second, these people aren't armed or dangerous."
Saikhan says: "All nonbenders, return to your homes immediately."
Male #1.
Yeah, as soon as you turn our power back on. Cries of protests in agreement began to stir.
Saikhan says: "Disperse, or you will all be arrested."
Female #1.
Holding a child. You benders can't treat us this way! Her other child tugs at her skirt and points at Korra.
Child #1.
Mummy, look! It's the Avatar! People turn around and rush toward Korra.
Female #1.
To Korra. Please, help us! You're our Avatar, too!
Korra says: "Tarrlok, you need to turn the power back on and leave these people alone."
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra, you and your playmates have no business here."
Korra says: "We're not going anywhere."
Korra says: "You don't have the right to treat these innocent people like criminals."
Tarrlok says: "There is nothing innocent about it."
Asami says: "They're not Equalists, they're just normal people who want their rights back."
Tarrlok says: "Round up all these Equalists!"
Metalbending officers begin to earthbend, removing the legs from the barriers and forcing the people back as they coil the barriers around them. The metalbenders slam their legs into the ground, causing large mounds of earth to rise underneath the nonbenders, lifting them off the ground. Fear begins to spread through those not caught, and they start running away. The police force prepares to put people into the police trucks, while Team Avatar looks on aghast.
Korra says: "Stop!"
Korra earthbends the mounds of earth down so every one can escape. Tarrlok snarls at her, and turns to see Asami watching her. He bends a water whip to grab onto Asami's wrist. Asami turns and looks up at him.
Asami says: "Hey!"
Asami says: "Let me go!"
Tarrlok says: "You're under arrest!"
Mako says: "You can't do that!"
Tarrlok says: "and her father is a known Equalist conspirator."
Mako says: "Let her go!"
Tarrlok says: "Unless you want to join your friends in prison, I suggest you put those down and go back to the Air Temple."
Mako says: "Korra, listen to him."
Mako says: "It's not worth it."
Bolin says: "We'll be all right."
Tarrlok says: "So sad to see your little Team Avatar broken up."
Tarrlok says: "You had a good run."
Korra says: "This isn't over, Tarrlok."
Tarrlok says: "Oh, I believe it is."
Scene changes to the Police Headquarters, moving down to show Tenzin walking up to the front doors. He walks up toward Korra, who attempts to talk to the person behind the counter without success.
Tenzin says: "I came as fast as I could."
Tenzin says: "Are your friends all right?"
Korra says: "I don't know!"
Korra says: "These knuckleheads won't tell me anything."
Tenzin says: "Saikhan, a word please."
Saikhan says: "Councilman Tenzin, I'm pretty swamped at the moment."
Saikhan says: "Can this wait?"
Tenzin says: "No, it cannot."
Tenzin says: "Three of Avatar Korra's friends were wrongly arrested tonight."
Tenzin says: "I'd like you to release them immediately."
Saikhan says: "They're not going anywhere."
Saikhan says: "They were interfering with police business."
Korra says: "Your so called police business was rounding up innocent people and claiming they were Equalists."
Korra says: "They should be released, too."
Saikhan says: "All Equalists suspects are being detained indefinitely."
Saikhan says: "They'll be freed if and when the task force deems they are no longer a threat."
Tenzin says: "Those people are entitled to due process under the law."
Saikhan says: "You'll have to take that up with Councilman Tarrlok."
Cut to Air Temple Island where it is snowing. Korra lies on her bed, angry at herself and opens the window to look at Republic City. She turns to Naga.
Korra says: "Let's go."
Scene changes to City Hall. Korra rides on Naga as they come closer to the building. Korra slips down from Naga.
Korra says: "Don't worry, I'll be all right."
She walks away. Scene changes to show Tarrlok working with the council page before the window bursts open, blowing papers everywhere. You can see a decorative waterfall behind Tarrlok and the council page. They look up to see Korra standing at the window.
Tarrlok says: "Are any of the other council members here?"
Council page says: "I believe everyone has gone home for the night."
Tarrlok says: "Then you should do the same."
Council page says: "Are you sure, sir?"
Tarrlok says: "Leave us."
Tarrlok says: "You obviously have something on your mind?"
Tarrlok says: "Spit it out."
Korra says: "Don't you see?"
Korra says: "You're doing exactly what Amon says is wrong with benders."
Korra says: "You're using your power to oppress and intimidate people!"
Tarrlok says: "And you don't?"
Korra says: "Of course not!"
Tarrlok says: "Isn't that what you came here to do?"
Tarrlok says: "Intimidate me into releasing your friends."
Tarrlok says: "See, that's what I admire about you, Korra."
Tarrlok says: "Your willingness to go to extremes in order to get what you want."
Tarrlok says: "It is a quality we both share."
Korra says: "You and I are nothing alike!"
Tarrlok says: "Look, I'll make you a deal."
Tarrlok says: "You fall in line and do what I say and I'll release your friends."
Korra says: "That's why you arrested them?"
Korra says: "To get to me?"
Tarrlok says: "I need your answer."
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "You might be able to manipulate Chief Saikhan into following you, but it won't work on me."
Tarrlok says: "You will regret that decision."
Korra says: "You need to be stopped!"
Korra says: "You're just as bad as Amon!"
Tarrlok says: "I've tried to work with you, Korra, but you've made it impossible."
Tarrlok turns around, suddenly slicing a stream of water from the waterfall at her. Korra barely dodges, only a small section of her hair being cut. She rolls and earthbends at Tarrlok, forcing him back and causing him to hit his back on the wall. Korra raises her arms and holds it straight while shooting a blast of fire toward Tarrlok, who protects himself by waterbending a dome around him. He thrusts his hands forward repeatedly behind the dome, firing several ice darts toward Korra, who flips back to try and dodge them, but still gets grazed as she lands. She attempts to punch the ice darts away, but one catches her on her side, and she lifts her hands up to protect her head. Tarrlok continues to throw ice darts at her with a sadistic smile, but Korra earthbends a wall to protect herself. She thrusts her arm forward, earthbending the wall behind Tarrlok into him, causing him to fly through the wall into the council chambers. He tries to right himself, but trips over the railing and begins to fall, grabbing the railing with his hand, his hair loose over his face as he glares.
Korra says: "Still think that I'm a half-baked Avatar?"
She earthbends, causing Tarrlok to fall to the ground. She jumps off and punches the ground, causing a gigantic hole around her. She looks up at him with anger, breathing heavily.
Korra says: "What are you gonna do now?"
Korra says: "You're all out of water, pal."
Tarrlok moves away in fear as Korra begins to firebend from her palms. She runs toward him intending to vaporize him, but she is halted by Tarrlok as he begins to perform bloodbending. Korra groans in pain as he continues, making her fall to her knees.
Tarrlok says: "You're in my way Avatar, and you need to be removed."
Korra says: "You're, you're a bloodbender?"
Tarrlok says: "Very observant."
Korra says: "How- how are you doing this?!"
Korra says: "!"
Tarrlok says: "There are a lot of things you don't know about me."
Tarrlok bloodbends her and flings her across the room into a pillar. Korra begins to lose consciousness as Tarrlok approaches her, until she faints. Visions come to where in a courtroom, Yakone bulges his eyes in pain, Sokka yells in pain from the bloodbending. Toph tries to metalbend her cables, but she too is bloodbent. Aang struggles to move closer to Yakone, who laughs at him, an expression of determination in his eyes. Korra sluggishly wakes up to find Tarrlok has binded her with ropes. She lifts up her head.
Korra says: "Where are you taking me?"
Tarrlok says: "Somewhere no one will find you."
Korra says: "Garh!"
The car drives away from the City Hall as the camera pans up to show a crescent moon. Cut to credits.