The scene opens to the camera panning down from the tops of the buildings of Republic City to the entrance of the Spirit Wilds, where a small crowd has gathered.
Ryu says: "Everyone!"
Ryu says: "Mom!"
Ryu says: "Can we stay together, please?"
Ryu says: "The tour is about to begin."
Ryu's mother says: "That's my boy."
Ryu's mother says: "Ryu, he used to live in the basement, but then he got airbending, and he's been doing important Air Nation stuff all over the world."
Ryu's mother says: "His father and I are here, visiting him and, we're just having the best time in the big city, we're so proud."
Ryu's mother says: "Right, honey?"
Ryu's father says: "Well, at least he has a job now."
Ryu says: "Mom, Dad, I'm trying to work!"
The scene shifts to within the Spirit Wilds, where Ryu is reading his cue cards.
Ryu says: "Fun fact, everyone."
Ryu says: "All these vines were created by UnaVaatu when he battled giant spirit Korra for the fate of the world."
Tourist #1.
Turning to talk to Ryu. Excuse me, are we in the Spirit World right now?
Ryu says: "No."
Tourist #1.
Taking pictures of the ground, not looking at Ryu. Is the Spirit World in the ground below us?
Ryu says: "No!"
Ryu says: "Can I just get through my cards?"
Ryu's mother says: "Aw, honey, don't get flustered."
Ryu says: "I'm not!"
Tourist #1.
Uhh, why is that vine coming toward us?
The view switches to behind them, looking down the street; a single vine is moving, creeping along the ground like a snake.
Ryu says: "Uh..."
Ryu says: "I don't see anything about that in the cards."
Tourist #1.
Snatching up a stick from the ground and running toward the vine. I'm gonna poke it with a stick.
Ryu says: "No!"
Ryu says: "Why would you do that?"
The photographer pokes the spirit vine with a stick. After a brief pause, it smacks the stick out of the photographer's hand and wraps around him, raising him high into the air. Ryu races toward the vine and its captive.
Ryu says: "Everyone back!"
Ryu's mother says: "This tour is exciting!"
Flipping around his own axis, Ryu sends a blade of air at the vine, attempting to cut it, though to no avail. As Ryu's mother looks on in affection at him, everyone behind her is taken captive by more spirit vines.
Ryu's mother says: "Isn't Ryu the best airbender ever?"
As she turns to face the other tourists, a vine wraps around her ankle, lifting her also into the air as she screams. Ryu, turning to see his mother trapped, is attacked and wrapped up by a vine as well. As Ryu and the first captured tourist disappear from the frame, the latter drops his camera, which plummets to the ground, where the lens cracks and the body breaks.
The scene shifts to Air Temple Island. Korra sits on the steps of a building, earthbending the stone of the courtyard; the view switches to Korra's side of the courtyard as Naga chases after each bit of earth that pops up. In the background, Opal can be seen walking down a short flight of stairs on the opposite side of the courtyard from Korra. As Opal approaches her, Korra sees her, the smile vanishing from her face, and stops earthbending. The airbender looks dejected.
Korra says: "Everything okay?"
Opal says: "No."
Opal says: "Kuvira has my family and no one seems to care but me."
Korra says: "We all care."
Korra says: "Don't worry, we'll get them back safely."
Jinora comes flying in with her wingsuit and lands next to Korra and Opal.
Jinora says: "Guys, there you are!"
Jinora says: "I just felt a weird surge of spiritual energy coming from the Spirit Wilds."
Jinora says: "Something's wrong."
As looks of concern cross Korra and Opal's faces, the scene cuts to the three girls walking around the spirit wilds in the city.
Opal says: "Are you sure you felt a disturbance?"
Opal says: "Maybe you just had some bad food for breakfast."
Jinora says: "I'm telling you, I felt it."
Jinora says: "Maybe something happened to Ryu's tour group."
Jinora says: "We should've run into them by now."
Korra says: "Yeah, but it's Ryu."
Korra says: "They might be at the mall, for all we know."
Jinora says: "Korra, can't you feel how strange the energy is?"
Korra says: "No..."
Korra says: "but maybe I can get a reading."
Closing her eyes, she puts her right hand on the vine she is standing next to. The vegetation beneath her hand glows and through the vine, she sees Kuvira's army covering the banyan-grove tree in the Foggy Swamp, cutting it into pieces. One of the vines, when cut, lashes out at the mecha tank working on it and wraps it up. Another suit shoots cables onto the vine, restricting the vegetation in order to save to other mecha tank, saving it. Other suites cut through the roots of the tree with chainsaw extensions on heir arms. In shock, Korra pulls back her hand from the root.
Opal says: "Korra, what is it?"
Opal says: "Are you okay?"
Korra says: "It was Kuvira."
Korra says: "I saw her taking vines from the swamp."
Korra says: "It must be affecting our Spirit Wilds."
Korra says: "I bet that's what you were sensing, Jinora."
Jinora says: "Why is she taking vines?"
Korra says: "Whatever the reason, I'm sure it's not good."
Opal says: "We have to tell Raiko."
Opal says: "This might help him convince the other leaders to finally take her down!"
Jinora says: "I'll keep looking for Ryu and the others."
Korra and Opal run off together to City Hall, while Jinora runs in the other direction, deeper into the wilds. Cut to an outside view of City Hall.
Raiko says: "I say we deal with this Kuvira situation immediately."
Wu says: "Do we know if Kuvira has any allergies?"
Raiko says: "Look, I think we all know what must be done."
Raiko says: "We take the fight to her."
Tenzin says: "I don't believe attacking is the right move, since she hasn't done anything aggressive toward the United Republic."
Lin says: "Not yet."
Lin says: "But Kuvira can't be trusted."
Lin says: "She told us that she was going to turn over power and she didn't."
Lin says: "I'm with Raiko."
Lin says: "I say we go on the offensive and start by retaking Zaofu."
Korra and Opal barge into the meeting.
Korra says: "President Raiko, I'm sorry to interrupt, but..."
Korra says: "What's going on here?"
Wu says: "Oh, hey, Avatar Korra."
Wu says: "Just kickin' it world leader-style, trying to figure out what to do about Kuvira."
Wu says: "For the record, I told Raiko he should've invited you."
Camera pans right to Raiko looking at Wu. Raiko's eyes turn to the right to Korra. Cut to Korra, Mako, and Opal.
Korra says: "but not me?"
Tenzin says: "Please, Korra, it's not personal."
Tenzin says: "We just thought, perhaps we called you back into action a little too soon."
Korra says: "Again, him, not me?!"
Korra says: "!"
Raiko says: "Korra, we're in the middle of a meeting and we can't have people just barge in whenever they want!"
Bolin and Varrick barge in.
Bolin says: "Guys!"
Bolin says: "perfect!"
Bolin says: "You're all here."
Bolin momentarily bends over, panting in exhaustion, though when he erects himself, he gives a small wave and grin to all those present. Cut to a shot of Korra, Mako, and Opal, who look on in surprise.
Raiko says: "What are you doing here?!"
Raiko says: "!"
Raiko says: "Guards, remove these traitors!"
Bolin says: "We have top secret information for you!"
Shot pans across a serious Tenzin, a surprised Wu, and a thinking Raiko. Raiko nods. Cut to a shot of the guards who let Bolin and Varrick go.
Varrick says: "Okay, I guess we should've opened with that line."
Bolin says: "Listen to me."
Varrick says: "It's a super weapon!"
Varrick says: "Like a regular weapon, only super."
Korra says: "And let me guess: it has something to do with spirit vines."
Varrick says: "Yes!"
Varrick says: "How did you know?"
Korra says: "I saw a vision of her taking spirit vines from the swamp."
Varrick says: "If she figures out how to harness their power, we are all doomed."
Raiko says: "She might use the weapon to attack Republic City."
Raiko says: "The only way to protect ourselves is with a preemptive strike."
Tenzin says: "My airbenders won't be part of an unprovoked attack!"
Izumi says: "Neither will the Fire Nation."
Raiko says: "But, Fire Lord Izumi, Kuvira is a threat to the world!"
Raiko says: "She has to be stopped!"
Izumi says: "If you attack Kuvira, you'll do it without my army."
Raiko says: "Fine."
Raiko says: "I'll hold off any plans of attack."
Raiko says: "We'll go on the defensive and fortify security on the borders."
Izumi says: "In that,  you'll have my help."
Cut to the exit of the building, where Opal walks out. Bolin catches up with her.
Bolin says: "Opal, wait!"
Bolin says: "Please,  I just want to say that I'm sorry for everything."
Opal says: "I'm glad you're okay, but it's a little late for "sorry"."
Bolin says: "I know, I know."
Bolin says: "Wow, that does sound really bad when I say it out loud like that."
Bolin says: "But I'm gonna make it up to you."
Lin says: "Pardon me, lovebirds, but I need a word with Opal."
Lin says: "I'm sorry, kid, but Raiko couldn't convince the other leaders to attack Kuvira."
Opal says: "So our family..."
Lin says: "Looks like we're going to have to save them ourselves."
Opal says: "Don't you think some other people would agree to go with us?"
Lin says: "This is an unsanctioned and dangerous mission into enemy territory."
Lin says: "We can't ask other people to risk their necks for our family."
Lin says: "If we want to break them out, we'll have to do it alone."
Pan to Bolin, who is still waiting by the exit. Mako and Korra walk up to him.
Mako says: "Bolin, I'm so glad you're back."
Mako says: "I was worried about you."
Korra says: "We all were."
Bolin says: "Thanks, guys."
Bolin says: "Mako, I'm so sorry about the way we left things."
Bolin says: "I'm such an idiot."
Bolin says: "You tried to warn me about Kuvira and I ran off anyway, like an idiot."
Bolin says: "You were right and I'm just an idiot."
Bolin says: "I hope..."
Bolin says: "that..."
Bolin says: "I'll be able to earn your trust again."
Korra says: "If anyone has lost people's trust, it's me."
Korra says: "Ever since Kuvira kicked my butt, no one even wants me around."
Mako says: "And Bolin, you're not an idiot."
Mako says: "You were just doing what you thought was right."
Bolin says: "Aww, I love you guys."
Bolin says: "And I really wanna hug again."
Cut back to the Spirit Wilds where Jinora is walking, still on the lookout for Ryu and his tour group. She finds the broken camera that was dropped by one of the tourists, though before she can continue her investigation, she finds herself attacked by a spirit vine. Right before it grabs her, she blasts herself onto a roof and dodges another vine attacking her. She jumps down again, flying away with her wingsuit, while evading more vines as they try to grab her. She cannot outrun them, however, and ends up captured as well. While the vines constrict her, she closes her eyes and focuses. Cut to an aerial shot of the square in from on City Hall where Mako and Korra are talking to each other. Jinora's spirit projection appears in front of them.
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Jinora says: "The vines!"
Jinora says: "They're taking me!"
Jinora says: "Help!"
The projection vanishes again. Korra and Mako give each other a worried look. Fade to the entrance of the spirit wilds.
Lin says: "Get everyone out of here."
Lin says: "Put up a perimeter."
Lin says: "Cancel all tours."
Lin says: "Somebody get a hold of Tenzin."
Korra says: "We gotta get in there and find Jinora."
Lin says: "I don't think anyone should be going in there right now."
Korra says: "I know I'm not the old Avatar I used to be, but I can do this."
A vine suddenly emerges from the wilds, narrowly missing Lin, Korra, and Mako.
Lin says: "Be careful."
Cut to Mako and Korra as they venture through the spirit wilds.
Korra says: "Jinora!"
Mako says: "Hello, anyone?"
Mako says: "Wait."
Mako says: "Do you hear that?"
The rustling intensifies as the shot cuts to inside a building and slowly zooms in on Korra and Mako. It cuts back to the outside of the building as three vines crash through the window and attack Mako and Korra. They both defend themselves with firebending and airbending, respectively, though Mako is taken and lifted into the air. Korra severs the vine with her firebending and uses another fire arc to keep the vines at a distance, while she and Mako retreat.
Korra says: "Come on!"
Cut to a side-view inside a building as Korra breaks through the wall and runs inside. Mako is on her trail, though stops to release some fire punches at the incoming vines. Korra turns and uses her earthbending to close the hole and prevent the advancing vines from following them.
Mako says: "Korra, look."
Korra says: "It's Jinora and the rest of them."
Korra says: "Their spirits are trapped in the Spirit World."
Mako says: "Let's get them out."
Korra says: "Maybe if I meditate into the Spirit World, I can free them."
She sits down and starts meditating. The frame zooms on her face as she leaves the physical world before zooming out to show her standing, her eyes closed. Korra stands on the flat top of a tall rock; several more like it stand nearby, poking up out of a foggy layer of clouds below. She opens her eyes and looks around.
Korra says: "Wait..."
Korra says: "this isn't the Spirit World."
A sudden gust of wind whips her hair around her face; after a moment's hesitation, she turns around to see Zaheer behind her, floating in midair.
Korra says: "Zaheer!"
Korra says: "No!"
Zaheer sends Korra tumbling across the surface of the rock with a blast of air. She slides to the edge of the column, where she lies stunned for a short moment. Rising, Korra firebends at him, but the fire dies and she kneels down again, clutching her left arm with which she had bent the fire in pain.
Zaheer says: "You can't fight me and the poison!"
Korra says: "No..."
Korra says: "I got it out!"
Zaheer says: "You'll never get it out!"
He traps her in vortex of air and engulfs her head in a ball of air, before starting to bend the air out of her lungs, suffocating her. Korra jolts back into the real world, where she leans heavily on her hands, sweat dripping down her face and shoulders.
Mako says: "Korra!"
Mako says: "What's wrong?"
Korra says: "It's Zaheer."
Mako says: "What are you talking about?"
Korra says: "He's been haunting me ever since I fought him."
Korra says: "I can't get any peace."
Korra says: "It's like he's blocking me from meditating into the Spirit World."
Mako says: "I'm here for you."
Mako says: "What do you need?"
Cut to the police roadblock at the entrance to the wilds, where Korra and Mako are talking to Tenzin.
Korra says: "I want to face Zaheer."
Tenzin says: "Korra, he's too dangerous."
Tenzin says: "Even when he's locked up, he can't be trusted."
Korra says: "I need to if I wanna save Jinora and the others."
Korra says: "There's no other way."
Tenzin says: "There is another way."
Tenzin says: "I'm calling your father."
Tenzin says: "He can lead an expedition into the Spirit World from the Southern portal."
Korra says: "No one thinks I'm capable of anything anymore."
Tenzin says: "It's not that at all."
Korra says: "I know I can do this."
Tenzin says: "I'm just so worried for Jinora."
Tenzin says: "I can't imagine if something happened to you, too."
Korra says: "Tenzin, please."
Korra says: "I'll be okay."
Tenzin says: "Zaheer's imprisoned deep in the mountains outside the city."
Tenzin says: "I'll call Raiko and get the clearance."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Cut to an aerial shot of Air Temple Island. Bolin is walking in the garden.
Bolin says: "Pab-pabs, where are you?"
Bolin says: "Awesome!"
Bolin says: "Yes, I have an idea."
Cut to the outside of the temple where Opal is sitting on a set of steps, reading a book. Pabu runs up to her with a pink ribbon tied around his neck.
Opal says: "Hello, Pabu."
Opal says: "What do you got there?"
Opal takes the note and reads it, suddenly getting a worried expression on her face. The scene shifts to Opal running through the greenery and toward a clearing where Bolin is sitting, pouring tea with a smile.
Bolin says: "Opal, you made it!"
Opal says: "What's this?"
Bolin says: "A picnic, just for the two of us!"
Bolin says: "Well, the three of us."
Bolin says: "Sorry, Pabs."
Opal says: "So, this note Pabu brought me saying you broke both of your legs was just a ruse?"
Bolin says: "Maybe..."
Bolin says: "but now that you're here, don't you want to just sit back, relax, try some of my homemade steam buns—"
Bolin says: "Pema's recipe—"
Bolin says: "and watch Pabu do some of his world-famous backflips for entertainment?"
Bolin says: "Ha-hah!"
Cut to Raiko's office inside of City Hall, where Raiko, Varrick, and Asami have gathered.
Raiko says: "Thank you both for coming."
Varrick says: "It's nice to be welcomed back with open arms."
Raiko says: "Actually, I brought you here out of necessity."
Raiko says: "It's no secret I never liked you."
Raiko says: "Especially after you tried to have me kidnapped."
Varrick says: "Allegedly."
Asami says: "Right."
Asami says: "Everything you do is "allegedly"."
Asami says: "Like when you took over my company and bombed the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center!"
Varrick says: "I own that building!"
Varrick says: "A man has a right to blow up his own property!"
Raiko says: "Right now, I need you to put aside your differences."
Raiko says: "If Kuvira really is creating a super weapon, we're going to need the two brightest minds in the city working together to stop it."
Varrick says: "What do you say, Asami?"
Varrick says: "Partners again?"
Cut to an aerial shot of Zaheer's prison within the mountains. Korra and Mako stand outside the building as the doors are opened.
Mako says: "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Korra says: "I think if I see Zaheer chained up, I'll finally realize that he's not a threat anymore."
They walk up to the doors and into an elevator. The elevator moves down and lands underground. They walk up to another metal doorway, which a White Lotus sentry opens to reveal a wall.
White Lotus guard says: "Approach the wall."
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "I need to do this alone."
She approaches the wall and the door behind her is lifted down. The elevator brings her down to Zaheer's room and the door opens when she gets there. She sees Zaheer, unshaven and chained up in mid-air.
Zaheer says: "I figured you would show up sooner or later."
Zaheer says: "So..."
Zaheer says: "you must really be in trouble if you came all the way down here to see me."
Korra says: "I came here to look you in the eye and tell you that you have no power over me."
Korra says: "I will no longer be scared of you."
Zaheer assumes a menacing facial expression and lunges at Korra. She gasps and steps back.
Zaheer says: "I guess it didn't work."
Zaheer says: "You still seem scared."
Korra says: "This was a mistake."
Zaheer says: "I know why you're here."
Korra says: "You don't know anything about me!"
Zaheer says: "You can't go into the Spirit World."
Zaheer says: "I spend most of my time in the Spirit World and it's well known that the Avatar's spirit hasn't been there for a few years."
Korra says: "You can meditate into the Spirit World from here?"
Korra says: "Doesn't feel very spiritually charged."
Zaheer says: "This is your problem."
Zaheer says: "Republic City is flowing with spiritual energy and you can't even tap into it."
Korra says: "No, my problem is you!"
Korra says: "You poisoned me!"
Korra says: "You've ruined me!"
Korra says: "People used to think I was unstoppable, but now they don't think I'm capable of anything!"
Zaheer says: "Blaming me is a crutch to make you feel better, but it's not helping you recover."
Korra says: "I thought seeing you face-to-face would put an end to all of this."
Korra says: "But maybe it's time I realize I'll never be the same."
Zaheer says: "Neither of us are the same as before."
Zaheer says: "I learned to fly, but now I'm bound in chains."
Zaheer says: "You have all the power in the world and the freedom to use it, but you choose to hold yourself down."
Korra says: "I'm not holding myself down, but my powers have limits!"
Zaheer says: "You're wrong."
Zaheer says: "That poison should've killed you, but you were able to fight it off."
Zaheer says: "You think your power has limits; I say, it's limitless."
Korra says: "Whatever."
Korra says: "Before, you were always talking about chaos and freedom."
Korra says: "Then you took out the Earth Queen and created the worst dictator the Earth Kingdom has ever seen."
Korra says: "Thanks for that!"
Zaheer says: "I've heard rumors about her, but I didn't know she achieved so much power."
Zaheer says: "She needs to be stopped."
Korra says: "Well, I can't stop her unless I get over this block."
Zaheer says: "I think I can help."
Zaheer says: "Let me lead you into the Spirit World."
Korra says: "No way."
Korra says: "I can't trust you."
Zaheer says: "Maybe not."
Zaheer says: "But if you had any other options, you wouldn't be here now, would you?"
Zaheer says: "We may have been enemies once, but for now, our interests align."
Korra says: "I've come this far."
Korra says: "What have I got to lose?"
Zaheer says: "Let it play out."
Korra says: "I can't!"
Zaheer says: "You can."
Zaheer says: "Accept what happened to you."
Zaheer says: "Don't fear what might have been."
Korra says: "I have no control!"
Zaheer says: "Don't be afraid."
Zaheer says: "Hold on!"
Korra crashes through the rocky ground, but finds herself in the meadows of the Spirit World.
Korra says: "I made it..."
Korra says: "and you led me here."
Korra says: "Do you know where Jinora and the others are?"
Zaheer says: "No, but you do."
He heads back into the physical world. Raava lights up inside of Korra.
Korra says: "Raava, I missed you."
Korra says: "Where have you been?"
Raava says: "I have always been inside of you."
Korra says: "Can you help me find Jinora?"
Korra says: "How do I release their spirits?"
Raava says: "You must bend the energy within."
Korra says: "But I'm powerless in the Spirit World."
Raava says: "No."
Raava says: "You're most powerful here."
Raava says: "In the Spirit World, you're connected to all the spiritual energy."
Korra walks over to the force field and puts her hand on it. Her eyes glow and the force field becomes a golden yellow, signifying the release of the spirits.
Cut to Jinora and the tour group being released from their vines.
Ryu says: "Ugh..."
Ryu says: "I feel all spirity."
Jinora says: "Dad!"
Tenzin says: "I'm so glad you're safe."
Tenzin says: "What happened?"
Tenzin says: "How did you get out?"
Jinora says: "Korra saved us."
Cut back to Korra and Mako walking out of the prison.
Mako says: "So..."
Mako says: "how are you doing?"
Korra says: "I feel..."
Korra says: "whole again."
Korra says: "I feel good."
Mako says: "Do you think you're finally able to forget about what Zaheer did to you?"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "But I am finally able to accept what happened and I think that's gonna make me stronger."
Cut back to Air Temple Island. Lin is on top of a bison and Opal is handing her the last of the belongings they are taking on their mission. Bolin runs to a spot near them.
Bolin says: "Where are you going?"
Opal says: "We've got some family business to take care of."
Bolin says: "All right, listen."
Bolin says: "Before you go, I just want to tell you that I understand how you feel."
Bolin says: "I know there is nothing I could do or no big gesture that could make up for all my mistakes, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna stop trying to win you back because..."
Bolin says: "I love you."
Opal says: "Thanks for saying all of that."
Opal says: "You know..."
Opal says: "there is one thing you could do to win me back."
Bolin says: "What is it?"
Bolin says: "Yes, I'll do anything!"
Opal says: "Come on a secret mission with us."
Bolin says: "Where to?"
Opal says: "Zaofu."
Opal says: "We're going to rescue my family."
Cut to credits.