In the Southern Water Tribe, outside of Tonraq and Senna's house, Korra's parents are being loaded into a prison truck. Korra and her parents exchange worried gazes.
Unalaq says: "I wish it hadn't come to this."
Unalaq says: "But your parents held meeting with the rebels, right here in their home."
Korra says: "I can't believe you're doing this to your own family."
Unalaq says: "Rest assured, I've appointed Judge Hotah to oversee the trial."
Unalaq says: "He is the most fair and honorable man I know."
Korra says: "Uncle, my parents had nothing to do with the men who attacked you."
Unalaq says: "I'm sure you're right."
Unalaq says: "So we should have nothing to worry about."
Korra says: "I hope so."
The scenes cuts to inside of Varrick's mansion, where Asami, Mako, and Bolin are waiting.
Asami says: "Where's Varrick?"
Asami says: "We should've closed our deal an hour ago."
Eska, Desna, and several Northern Water Tribe soldiers enter the room.
Bolin says: "I wasn't hiding."
Bolin says: "Hey, hey-hey, hey."
Eska says: "I'm not on the hunt for you."
Eska says: "Currently."
Desna says: "We search for Varrick."
Desna says: "Our father wishes him to stand trial."
Asami says: "What did he do?"
Eska says: "He is a traitor to the Water Tribe, along with our aunt and uncle."
Asami says: "What?"
Mako says: "Korra's parents were arrested?"
Desna says: "Yes."
Desna says: "Your powers of deduction are impressive."
Bolin says: "Yeah, he's a cop."
Northern guardsman says: "Varrick's not here."
Eska says: "Very well."
Eska says: "Desna, let us continue our search elsewhere."
Eska says: "Boyfriend!"
Eska says: "Bow to me when I exit."
Bolin says: "Yes, yes, my sweet koala otter."
Eska says: "You are so cute when you grovel."
Eska leaves, behind Desna and the soldiers.
Asami says: "Don't let her treat you that way."
Asami says: "Stand up for yourself."
Bolin says: "I tried to break up with her, but Mako gave me terrible advice."
Bolin says: "Thank you, Mako."
Mako says: "Wait, how are your girl problems my fault?"
Asami says: "Bolin, you need to be honest with her."
Asami says: "Tell her how you really feel."
Bolin says: "Varrick?"
Varrick says: "If you want to ditch this girl, then make yourself scarce."
Varrick says: "Disappear, like I did."
Asami says: "Where are you?"
Varrick says: "Inside Ping-Ping!"
Varrick says: "How we doin'?"
Mako says: "The coast is clear."
Mako says: "You can come out."
Varrick says: "No way, mister."
Varrick says: "Not until I know it's absolutely 157% safe."
Varrick says: "Ah!"
Varrick says: "Thank you, Zhu Li."
Asami says: "Your assistant's in there too?"
Varrick says: "No honey?"
Varrick says: "We're in a bear for crying out loud!"
Varrick says: "Bolin, I got a little something for you 'round back."
Bolin says: "Wow!"
Varrick says: "Now listen up."
Varrick says: "Unalaq's rigged this trial, no doubt about it."
Varrick says: "So I need you to make sure my trusty rebels stay out of prison."
Bolin says: "What's the money for?"
Varrick says: "Bribery, of course!"
Varrick says: "There's always someone willing to look the other way for a few yuans."
Bolin says: "I think I catch your drift, Varrick-bear."
Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin continues his search.
Tenzin says: "Ikki!"
Tenzin says: "Ikki, where are you?"
Tenzin says: "Shoo!"
Tenzin says: "Go bother someone else."
Tenzin says: "You two are worse than Kya and Bumi."
Ikki says: "Okay, everybody here?"
Tenzin says: "Ikki!"
Tenzin says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Ikki says: "Oh!"
Ikki says: "Hi, Daddy."
Ikki says: "I guess you found me."
Ikki says: "Do I have to go now?"
Tenzin says: "Actually, is there room for one more?"
Ikki says: "Uh, sure."
Ikki says: "You can sit next to Blueberry Spicehead."
Tenzin says: "Nice to meet you, Blueberry Spicehead."
Ikki says: "And that's Princess Rainbow, and that's Twinkle Starchild, and that's Juniper Lightning Bug."
Ikki says: "They're my new brothers and sisters."
Tenzin says: "New ones, huh?"
Tenzin says: "Can they be my new brothers and sisters too?"
Ikki says: "Maybe, but only if they say it's okay."
Ikki says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh."
Ikki says: "No, no, he's nice."
Ikki says: "They say it's okay."
The camera pulls back from a wide shot of the tea party. Cut to the Southern Water Tribe palace, followed by the interior of the courtroom. Cut to the rebels and Korra's parents, who will stand trial, before switching to a worried Korra and Mako. Bolin sits next to Asami.
Bolin says: "We're good to go."
Bolin says: "I gave all the money to some guys over there."
Bolin says: "I told them to "take care of it", and then I winked."
Bolin says: "Pretty sure they got the message."
Cut to two shady-looking characters, who count the money with a smile and smile back at Bolin with thumbs up. Bolin returns the gesture while the gavel is hammered, and Asami facepalms.
Law clerk says: "This trial will now come to order!"
Law clerk says: "Judge Hotah presiding."
Bolin says: "Man!"
Bolin says: "I should have paid him!"
Unalaq says: "I was asleep in my chambers when the rebels attacked."
Unalaq says: "They overpowered me, and the next thing I remember was waking up in the snow after Avatar Korra had saved me."
Hotah says: "According to Unalaq's testimony, you attended a meeting where Varrick tried to incite a civil war."
Hotah says: "Is that true?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Hotah says: "And where these men present at that meeting?"
Hotah says: "And where exactly did this meeting take place?"
Bolin says: "Objection!"
Hotah says: "Quiet down out there!"
Hotah says: "I'll ask you one more time."
Hotah says: "Where did the meeting happen?"
Korra says: "My parents' house."
Hotah says: "And who led this meeting?"
Bolin says: "Your honor, if I may?"
Hotah says: "May what?"
Bolin says: "May I..."
Bolin says: "declare a mistrial?"
Hotah says: "Varrick and your father led the meeting, didn't they?"
Korra says: "My parents are innocent!"
Hotah says: "I've heard all I need to."
Hotah says: "I'll return shortly with my decision."
Judge Hotah leaves. Korra spouts a worried expression. Cut to a room where Eska is standing and Bolin enters.
Bolin says: "Hey there, Eska, I was wondering if we could talk."
Eska says: "I grant you permission to speak freely."
Bolin says: "Oh, good, because I just need to be honest with you."
Bolin says: "You know, when we first met, there was this crazy spark."
Bolin says: "But I'm starting to feel like that spark is fading."
Eska says: "I agree."
Eska says: "It is as if a great chasm has formed between us and nothing can bridge it."
Bolin says: "Oh!"
Bolin says: "Oh, yes!"
Bolin says: "I'm so glad you understand!"
Eska says: "Nothing, that is, except marriage."
Eska says: "We will wed at sunset."
Eska says: "You may express your joy through tears."
Bolin says: "This is really tight."
Cut back to the courtroom. All the defendants are now standing before Judge Hotah.
Hotah says: "Senna, please step forward."
Hotah says: "I have found you..."
Hotah says: "innocent."
Hotah says: "You are free to go."
Senna says: "Korra!"
Hotah says: "On the charge of treason, you are all found..."
Hotah says: "guilty."
Hotah says: "The punishment for this crime..."
Hotah says: "is death."
Cut to a shocked Mako and Asami, who stand up. Cut to Korra and Senna, who look on with utter shock and disbelief. Cut to Tonraq, who closes his eyes and bows. Cut back to the courtroom, where Hotah leaves.
Korra says: "You can't do this!"
Unalaq says: "Korra, calm down."
Unalaq says: "I'll talk to him."
Unalaq says: "I know I promised to respect whatever decision you made, but I must ask you to reconsider."
Unalaq says: "Show these men and my brother mercy."
Hotah says: "Very well."
Hotah says: "I'll change their punishment."
Hotah says: "Your lives will be spared, but you will live them out in prison."
Korra says: "Thank you, Uncle."
Cut to the cave where Tenzin and Ikki are in. Ikki plays with the bison calves by bending a ball of air which they chase, while Tenzin is petting another calf.
Tenzin says: "You like that, don't you, Blueberry Spicehead?"
Tenzin says: "You know, I could get used to it here."
Tenzin says: "No one's yelling at me or telling me I'm delusional."
Ikki says: "We should have Uncle Bumi and Aunt Kya come visit."
Ikki says: "I bet they'd like it too."
Tenzin says: "Let's not."
Tenzin says: "They'll only spoil our good mood."
Ikki says: "What do you mean?"
Ikki says: "Aunt Kya is super nice and pretty and always asks me how I'm feeling, and Uncle Bumi is, like, the funniest person in the world."
Tenzin says: "But what about Meelo?"
Tenzin says: "He's hilarious too, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth."
Tenzin says: "And Jinora can be so sweet and gentle."
Ikki says: "Being part of a family is hard, huh, Daddy?"
Tenzin says: "I couldn't agree with you more."
The calf which Tenzin is petting awakens and flies out of the cave with its siblings, where they reunite with their parents.
Ikki says: "But, I guess the nice part about a family is they'll always be there for you."
Ikki says: "Even though  Twinkle Starchild and Princess Rainbow fight, they still love each other."
Tenzin says: "That's very wise of you, Ikki."
Ikki says: "We should probably head back, huh?"
Tenzin says: "I suppose."
Tenzin says: "We can't hide in this cave forever."
Ikki says: "Don't worry, Daddy."
Ikki says: "We'll come back and visit Blueberry Spicehead."
Ikki says: "I know you really bonded with her."
Tenzin says: "Yes, I'd like that."
Cut to an exterior of the prison, cut to Tonraq's cell which Korra and Senna enter.
Senna says: "Honey, are you all right?"
Tonraq says: "I'm fine."
Korra says: "Good, let's bust you out of here right now."
Tonraq says: "Korra, no."
Tonraq says: "Saving me would start a war."
Tonraq says: "If fighting were to break out, the North would crush the South."
Tonraq says: "I'll be all right."
Tonraq says: "Just promise me you won't do anything rash."
Korra says: "Fine."
Korra says: "I promise."
Cut to the land where Korra and her parents' house is located. Cut to the interior, where Senna is standing before the sink, crying. Korra is watching her from a distance, before approaching her mother.
Korra says: "It's okay, Mom."
Senna says: "I-I hate feeling so helpless."
Cut to a cliff where a Satomobile is being driven. Cut to the interior, where Hotah is driving the car. He glances in his review mirror. A close-up of the mirror reveals Korra riding Naga behind his car, gaining on him fast. His eyes widen in surprise. A quick close-up of Hotah's foot shows him flooring the gas pedal. Korra and Naga, however, manage to catch up and knock the Satomobile, causing it to lose control and slamming to the side of the cliff. Naga knocks off the door, while Hotah looks in fear. Korra pulls him up and slams him against the side of the Satomobile.
Hotah says: "What do you want?"
Korra says: "And she'd like you to let my father out of prison."
Hotah says: "I-I'm sorry, but there is nothing I can do."
Hotah says: "I was just following Unalaq's orders."
Korra says: "What are you talking about?"
Hotah says: "I-I've said too much."
Korra says: "Unless you wanna be Naga's afternoon snack, you'd better keep talking."
Hotah says: "I-I've worked for your uncle for years!"
Hotah says: "He said he needed everyone to think the trial was fair."
Korra says: "So Unalaq told you what to say?"
Hotah says: "Yes!"
Hotah says: "Every word."
Korra says: "Then why did he have you free my mother and change your sentence?"
Hotah says: "He's trying to keep you on his side."
Hotah says: "But he also wants your father out of the way."
Hotah says: "Just like when he got your father banished."
Korra says: "What do you mean, "he got my father banished"?"
Hotah says: "Nothing!"
Korra says: "Keep talking."
Cut to the Air Temple Sanctuary, where Bumi is looking at a statue of his father, Avatar Aang.
Bumi says: "Uh..."
Bumi says: "Hey there, Dad."
Bumi says: "You're looking well."
Bumi says: "Look, uh, I'm sorry I didn't turn out to be an airbender like you hoped."
Bumi says: "But I've tried my best to keep the world safe."
Bumi says: "Hope I made you proud."
Kya says: "Of course he'd be proud of you, Bumi."
Bumi says: "Kya!"
Bumi says: "I-I was just,  It's so dusty in here."
Kya says: "Come here."
Bumi says: "Thanks, Kya."
Bumi says: "You always know when I need a hug."
Cut to Varrick's mansion.
Korra says: "Unalaq's a liar and a traitor!"
Varrick says: "I've been trying to tell you that from the get-go."
Mako says: "What happened?"
Korra says: "I found out the truth about my dad's banishment."
Korra says: "Unalaq hired the barbarians to attack their tribe."
Korra says: "Then he told them to hide in the spirit forest, knowing my dad would go after them."
Mako says: "Unalaq wanted your dad out of the way so he could become chief."
Mako says: "It was a setup."
Korra says: "Just like the whole trial."
Korra says: "I can't believe I trusted him."
Korra says: "I'm busting my father and the rebels out of jail."
Korra says: "I need your help."
Mako says: "If you do this, there's no going back."
Korra says: "I know."
Korra says: "Will you help me or not?"
Mako says: "Of course, I'll help."
Asami says: "Me too."
Varrick says: "Count me in!"
The door opens, revealing both Bolin and Pabu dressed up like Eska. Bolin's hair stands up awkwardly.
Mako says: "I don't even want to know."
Asami says: "So I'm guessing the breakup with Eska didn't go well?"
Bolin says: "get married!"
Asami says: "Sorry."
Korra says: "I'm pretty sure the guy is supposed to give the girl the betrothal necklace."
Bolin says: "I guess Eska didn't get the memo."
Varrick says: "Look, the only way to deal with crazy women is to lie big and leave fast."
Varrick says: "Lucky for you, Varrick's got your back."
Varrick says: "Now, gather 'round Ping-Ping."
Varrick says: "Let's talk plan."
Cut to the prison. A guard is patrolling the interior, where an earthbending move causes him to fall into a trench. Sparks fly out of the trench as the guard is electrocuted. Cut to the trench, where the unconscious guard is lying, while Asami, Mako, and Korra climb up the trench.
Korra says: "My dad's in there."
Korra says: "Where is he?"
Unalaq says: "I'm sorry, Korra."
Unalaq says: "You'll never see your father again."
Korra says: "Where's my father?"
Unalaq says: "On a ship headed to the Northern Tribe."
Unalaq says: "He'll serve out his sentence there."
Korra says: "Bring him back."
Korra says: "Or I'm taking you out and the rest of your army."
Unalaq says: "Remember who you are."
Unalaq says: "As the Avatar, you cannot threaten war."
Unalaq says: "You must remain neutral, or our tribes will never find unity."
Korra says: "You don't want unity."
Korra says: "You want power."
Korra says: "You've always been jealous of my father, haven't you?"
Korra says: "You got him banished so you could become chief, and I bet it just killed you to learn he was the Avatar's father."
Korra says: "No wonder you kept trying to take me away from him."
Unalaq says: "All I've ever wanted is to help you realize your destiny."
Korra says: "Well, I don't want your help anymore."
Unalaq says: "If you start a war, the dark spirits will annihilate the South."
Unalaq says: "And even I will be powerless to stop them."
Korra says: "I'm done being manipulated by you."
Korra says: "You're going to bring my father back, then you and your troops will return to the North."
Unalaq says: "And why would I do that?"
Korra says: "Because you still need me to open the Northern portal."
Unalaq says: "No, I don't."
Unalaq says: "You've served your purpose."
An enraged Korra throws three fire blasts at her uncle, which Unalaq neutralizes with waterbending. Unalaq throws an arc and a blast at Korra. Korra manages to stop the frozen arc, but is pushed off by the frozen blast. Mako assists Korra with a fire kick. Unalaq manages to dodge the kick and pushes Mako off with a water blast to the face. Unalaq throws another water blast at his niece, but she manages to catch the blast and pushes his against the wall with an air blast.
Mako says: "If we get to Varrick's boat, we can still save your father."
Korra says: "Let's go."
Team Avatar exits the prison, while Unalaq looks on.
Cut to the Southern Tribe city, where Bolin is "guiding" Ping-Ping with a leash, while Pabu sits on the platypus bear. They are subsequently stopped by a solider. Cut to Varrick's point of view, as he opens Ping-Ping's mouth.
Northern soldier says: "You have a license for that animal?"
Bolin says: "Uh, you fellas seen a traveling circus come through here?"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, do the thing."
Ping-Ping lifts its tail and yuans drop out from it.
Excited man says: "That platypus bear is pooping money!"
The passers-by pick up the yuans, while Bolin and Ping-Ping rush into Varrick's yacht. Varrick, still in his disguise, starts operating the yacht. Korra, Mako and Asami enter the yacht.
Bolin says: "Where's your dad?"
Korra says: "On a ship headed north."
Korra says: "Think we can catch up to it?"
Varrick says: "Sure, once you get us past our friends from the North."
The scene zooms out to reveal Northern battleships forming a naval blockage.
Korra says: "If only we had a plane to get me close to those ships."
Korra says: "I could waterbend them out of the way."
Varrick says: "A plane?"
Varrick says: "Well, why didn't you say so?"
Varrick presses a button, causing a biplane to emerge from a hatch. The wings unfold.
Mako says: "Um, why do you have a plane on your boat?"
Varrick says: "In case the boat sinks, of course."
Asami says: "But there's no runway."
Asami says: "How are we supposed to take off?"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li!"
Varrick says: "Take a note: "Build runway"."
Zhu Li says: "Yes, sir."
Korra says: "I have an idea."
Cut to the biplane, the engine of which starts stirring. Asami, in her pilot outfit, puts on her goggles, while Korra and Mako take up position on the plane's wings. Korra gives Asami a thumbs up and Asami starts operating the biplane, which starts moving forward.
Korra says: "Now!"
Korra and Mako firebend to provide a boost for the biplane to take off successfully. Cut to the biplane and the yacht approaching the blockade. Cut to Korra, who enters the Avatar State and waterbends a gigantic wave, pushing the battleships out of the way, leaving a gap for the yacht to escape. Korra exits the state and smiles. Cut to the helmsman, who spots Varrick's yacht and notices Bolin hugging a platypus bear, which is operating the boat.
Helmsman says: "Captain, you'll never gonna believe this."
Cut to the biplane and the yacht successfully escaping the blockade. Cut to Korra on the biplane on a lookout in the vast sea. She notices a ship.
Korra says: "There!"
Korra says: "My dad's on that ship!"
The biplane flies to the ship. As it approaches, the battleship crew members look up at the fast approaching biplane.
Korra says: "Jump!"
Korra, Asami and Mako depart the biplane. The biplane continues its course before crashing on the sides of the battleship before exploding. Cut to the troops looking at the explosion. Cut to underwater, where Korra, Asami and Mako swim to the surface before entering the battleship via a waterspout. On landing, Korra uses her two water whips to throw the distracted crew members overboard. A stray crew member tries to escape to the door, but Korra freezes him against a wall.
Korra says: "Where are the prisoners?"
The crew member looks off in fear. Cut to the side of the battleship, where Tonraq and the rebels are escaping.
Tonraq says: "Korra, this is crazy."
Tonraq says: "You promised me you wouldn't do anything rash."
Korra,.
I had to. I'll explain later.
Northern troops attack the rebels with waterbending, but Korra and Mako neutralize it with firebending. Varrick's yacht approaches and everyone jumps on board. Korra throws a final fire blast before the yacht departs.
Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Ikki return to the family.
Pema says: "Sweetie!"
Pema says: "Do you have something you wanna say to your sister?"
Meelo says: "Ikki, I'm glad you're back."
Jinora says: "Yeah, sorry we made fun of you."
Ikki says: "Thanks."
Ikki says: "Wanna play airball?"
Jinora says: "Sure!"
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Tenzin says: "I wanted to apologize for how I acted yesterday."
Tenzin says: "I've worked so hard to celebrate Dad's legacy that I may have overlooked the parts of him that were less than ideal."
Kya says: "And we're sorry for dumping our frustrations with Dad out on you."
Bumi says: "Yeah, you didn't deserve that."
Kya says: "I thought you two might wanna see this."
Kya says: "Mom gave it to me before we left."
Bumi says: "That is one good-looking family, huh?"
Tenzin says: "That's one happy family."
Cut back to Varrick's yacht, where Korra and the rebels are standing on the hatch.
Korra says: "So once I knew the truth, I couldn't sit by and do nothing."
Tonraq says: "My own brother betrayed me."
Tonraq says: "And our entire tribe."
Rebel leader says: "What's our next move?"
Tonraq says: "I've been running from my past for too long."
Tonraq says: "It's time to put my brother in his place."
Rebel leader says: "You have our support, Chief Tonraq."
Korra says: "Mine too."
Korra says: "I'll be proud to fight alongside you, Dad."
Tonraq says: "No, Korra."
Tonraq says: "The best way for you to help is by getting the president of the United Republic on our side."
Tonraq says: "The South can give Unalaq a good fight for a while."
Tonraq says: "But we'll need the United Forces in order to win this war."
Tonraq says: "I love you, too."
Tonraq and the rebels return to mainland via an ice raft. Tonraq looks on at the yacht. Cut to Team Avatar in the yacht.
Bolin says: "I really need to thank you, Korra."
Korra says: "For what?"
Korra says: "I started a civil war."
Bolin says: "Exactly!"
Bolin says: "Now Eska and I are officially broken up."
Varrick says: "Oh, looks like we have company!"
Varrick says: "And not the fun kind!"
Cut to the horizon, where there is a gigantic wave.
Mako says: "What is that?"
Bolin takes the telescope from Varrick to take a better look. He gasps before rubbing his eyes for a second look. Cuts to Bolin's view, where he sees an enraged Eska with smudged make-up rushing toward them with waterbending.
Bolin says: "That would be my darling Eska."
Bolin says: "Quick question: is this thing fast enough to get away from my crazy waterbending ex-girlfriend?"
Varrick says: "Why do you think I built this boat?"
Cut to the yacht speeding away into the horizon.
Fade to credits.