The episode opens by showing a basement room with a metal box in the center and a dark staircase are also seen. A door at the top of the stairs opens and Tarrlok steps in, using bloodbending to levitate Korra several inches off the ground in front of him. Korra groans as he levitates her down the stairs and into the box.
Korra says: "You can't keep me in here forever!"
Tarrlok steps outside and gets back into his vehicle. He drives away, revealing that Korra's prison is in a remote location in the middle of snowy mountains. Cut to Air Temple Island at dawn as a telephone rings. Tenzin and Pema are asleep in bed with Meelo between them. Meelo sits up, rubs his eyes, and crawls over his father's face to answer the phone, waking him up in the process.
Meelo says: "Who is this?"
Meelo says: "It's six in the morning!"
Meelo says: "This better be important!"
Tenzin says: "What?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Cut to a photographer taking a photo of the damages in City Hall. Tenzin arrives, while the camera, through the lens of a photo camera, zooms in on an electrified glove and several Equalists weapons. Cut to Tarrlok, who is having his arm wound healed by a male healer.
Tenzin says: "What happened?"
Tenzin says: "What was Korra doing at City Hall?"
Tarrlok says: "As I told Chief Saikhan,  Chief Saikhan, mobilize the entire police force."
Tarrlok says: "We have to find the Avatar."
Cut to Lin Beifong lying in bed, listening to the radio.
Radio says: "subduing Councilman Tarrlok and capturing Avatar Korra."
Lin switches off the radio. She gets slowly out of bed, pausing for a moment to groan and hold her arm. She crosses to a cupboard and opens it, looking at her Metalbending Police uniform arranged inside. She stands in her underclothes with her back to the cupboard and metalbends her uniform onto her body. She glances down at the police insignia on her chest and tears it off, before putting on a long coat. Cut to the Toph statue in front of police headquarters, before cutting to Asami lying on her back on a cot in her cell. She sits up as Lin metalbends the door off its hinges and tosses it away.
Lin says: "Hope you got enough beauty rest."
Lin says: "Come on, I'm busting you out."
Asami says: "Thanks."
Asami says: "I owe you."
Cut to close-up on Bolin's face. Mako and Bolin are standing in their cell. Mako has his back to Bolin, who is attempting to pee in a toilet in the corner of the room.
Mako says: "Are you done yet?"
Bolin says: "Cover your ears!"
Bolin says: "I can't go with you listening."
Mako sighs and covers his ears. He glances up as the cell door is metalbent off its hinges.
Mako says: "Asami!"
Bolin says: "Ahh!"
Bolin says: "A little privacy, please!"
Mako says: "Are you all right?"
Asami says: "I'm fine!"
Asami says: "It's so good to see you."
Lin says: "Hate to break up your lovers' reunion, but Korra's in trouble."
Lin says: "Amon captured her."
Mako says: "No."
Mako says: "No, she can't be gone!"
Lin says: "Come on, we have an Avatar to rescue."
The three teens run from inside the cell. There is a zipping noise and Bolin stops, squeaks, and blushes.
Lin says: "Your fly was down."
Bolin says: "Thanks for catching that."
Shot of Korra's mountain prison, before cutting to the box in the basement. Korra is throwing herself against the sides of the box, kicking, and pounding trying to break herself out by sheer force.
Tenzin says: "I urge you to meditate on these visions."
Tenzin says: "I believe Aang's spirit is trying to tell you something."
Korra inhales and assumes a meditative pose. Flashback of Aang's experiences. He is standing in a street and turns around as he hears multiple booted footsteps behind him.
Toph says: "I told you, I have this under control."
Aang says: "Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't get involved, but if what those victims said is true, we're not dealing with a normal criminal."
Toph says: "Fine."
Toph says: "Follow me, Twinkle Toes."
Aang says: "Toph, I'm forty years old."
Aang says: "You think you could stop with the nicknames?"
Cut to an aerial shot as the group approaches a table in Kwong's Cuisine, where a man is eating.
Toph says: "It's over!"
Toph says: "You're under arrest, Yakone!"
Yakone says: "What's the big idea?"
Aang says: "We have dozens of witnesses, Yakone."
Aang says: "We know what you are."
Toph says: "Take him away."
Yakone says: "And I'll beat this one, too."
Close-up on Aang's serious face, which changes to Korra's face as the flashback ends.
Cut to Lin, Mako, Bolin, and Asami walking into Tenzin's office. Tenzin is on the phone.
Tenzin says: "You should be in prison!"
Lin says: "I figured you could use our help finding Korra."
Mako says: "Do you have any leads?"
Tenzin says: "I've been on the phone all morning, but nothing yet."
Mako says: "We need Naga!"
Mako says: "She can track Korra."
Tenzin says: "I'm afraid her polar bear dog is missing as well."
Bolin says: "Then where do we start?"
Lin says: "My guess is the Equalists are hiding underground in the maze of tunnels beneath the city."
Asami says: "Underground..."
Asami says: "just like my father's secret factory."
Asami says: "Figures."
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Bolin says: "Yeah, that makes sense!"
Bolin says: "When those chi blockers had me in their truck, it sounded like we drove into a tunnel!"
Mako says: "I know where to start looking!"
Mako says: "Come on!"
Lin says: "Wherever Amon is keeping Korra, I bet that's where my officers are too."
Tenzin says: "Let's bring them all home, Lin."
Cut to shot of downtown Republic City, as the group flies in on Oogi. They land in a deserted street and dismount off Oogi.
Asami says: "Which way?"
Bolin says: "Hmm."
Bolin says: "This way kinda..."
Bolin says: "smells familiar."
Lin metalbends the sole of her shoe back and uses seismic sense to test the ground.
Lin says: "There's a tunnel nearby."
Mako says: "There!"
Lin says: "Motorcycle tracks."
Mako says: "Korra has to be in there..."
Mako says: "somewhere."
Lin metalbends the gate open. Cut to the group walking into an intersection of tunnels. Mako uses firebending to light the way.
Mako says: "Let's try this way."
Asami says: "And what if Korra's not down there?"
Cut to the group walking down the tunnel. Asami has dropped back, placing herself so that she is next to Bolin.
Asami says: "Hey, is Mako all right?"
Asami says: "He seems really worried about Korra."
Bolin says: "Yeah, we all are!"
Asami says: "I know, but, he's your brother."
Asami says: "Do you think that he likes Korra as more than just a friend?"
Bolin says: "Crazy talk is coming out of your mouth right now."
Bolin says: "Heh..."
Asami says: "What do you know, Bolin?"
Asami says: "Come on, spill it."
Bolin says: "Nothing!"
Bolin says: "Believe me, I was upset too, but, I'm over it."
Bolin says: "I don't think it meant anything."
Lin says: "Hide!"
The five duck behind a pillar as the Equalist motorcycles approach. One Equalist flips a switch on his motorcycle dash that in turn opens a secret door in the opposite wall of the tunnel. The two motorcycles race inside and the door promptly closes. Lin makes a face and crosses the tunnel, followed by the others. She runs her hand across the door and uses metalbending to trigger the opening mechanism and force the door up. The group rushes in and the door closes behind them. They approach a large open space, where Equalists are loading supplies onto tram carts on tracks that lead into various tunnels. An Equalist with a clipboard is directing loading and traffic.
Equalist traffic director says: "That tram goes to the training camp."
Female Equalist says: "Everything was delivered to the prison, sir."
Tenzin says: "That's where they must be keeping Korra."
Lin says: "We need to get down that tunnel."
Lin signals the group with her hand and they all run toward the tram and jump in. The tram starts to move down the tunnel. At the tunnel's exit, two Equalists are waiting for the tram. A light flashes and an alarm sounds to signal the tram's arrival. It coasts to a stop with nothing inside.
Equalist says: "It's empty!"
Equalist says: "Yeah, I can see that."
From inside the tunnel, Lin uses her metalbending cables to grab the two Equalists and drag them inside. The two Equalists are shown tied up next to each other.
Lin says: "You two, keep an eye on them."
Lin uses her seismic sense to search the prison.
Lin says: "My officers are inside."
Mako says: "What about Korra?"
Lin says: "I don't see her yet."
Mako, Lin, and Tenzin head off down the corridor. They turn the corner and see two Equalists, who prepare to attack them. Tenzin uses his airbending to knock them against a wall. Mako runs toward them and grabs one of them, removing his mask.
Mako says: "Avatar Korra."
Mako says: "Where are you keeping her?"
Cut to Lin peering into the prison cell, where her metalbending officers are being kept. She metalbends the bars apart and walks in.
Officer says: "Chief Beifong?"
Lin says: "I'm too late."
Lin says: "That monster already took your bending, didn't he?"
The officer nods his head. Lin looks down sadly.
Lin says: "Come on, let's gets you out of here."
All the officers get up and follow Lin out of the cell. Cut to Mako, who has pinned the Equalist against a wall.
Mako says: "where is she?"
Equalist says: "We don't have the Avatar, and the Equalists didn't attack City Hall."
Equalist says: "Tarrlok's lying."
Mako says: "What?"
Lin walks up.
Lin says: "I scanned the entire prison."
Lin says: "Korra's not here."
Mako says: "Why would Tarrlok make up a story about getting attacked?"
Tenzin says: "Because he has Korra."
Tenzin says: "He fooled us all!"
A siren starts sounds and the group runs back to where Bolin and Asami are standing guard.
Bolin says: "Let's go, people!"
Everyone gets into the tram, which takes off. Equalists in another tram start to catch up from behind. Bolin uses his earthbending to collapse the tunnel sides, causing the tram to crash in the rubble.
Bolin says: "Try to chi block that, fools!"
Lin, at the front of the tram, notices an army of Equalists waiting up ahead. Among them is the Lieutenant and several mecha tanks.
Lin says: "We've got more company!"
Lin says: "Hang on!"