The scene opens to Suyin's airship flying above several mountain ranges.
Suyin says: "I say we make our approach from the west, drop down from the airship on cables, ambush these Red Lotus low-lives before they know what hit them."
Lin says: "It will never work."
Lin says: "That Combustion Lady will pick us off one by one."
Suyin says: "You have a better idea on how to save the airbenders?"
Lin says: "Yeah."
Lin says: "We come up from the valley, scale the side of the mountain and take them off guard."
Tonraq says: "That could work."
Suyin says: "And give them the high ground?"
Suyin says: "No, if their lavabender spots us, he'll melt the mountainside and us with it."
Bolin says: "Wait, I've got it."
Bolin says: "I'll disguise myself as a lost hiker, and once I'm in the temple, I'll distract the Red Lotus with my bird calls."
Bolin says: "That's when you all strike."
Mako says: "Bird calls, really?"
Bolin says: "Well I haven't noticed you offering any suggestions."
Korra says: "It doesn't matter."
Korra says: "None of these ideas will work."
Korra says: "The second Zaheer realizes we're up to something, he'll wipe out the airbenders."
Suyin says: "And Opal is one of those airbenders."
Suyin says: "Believe me, I understand what's at stake."
Korra says: "Then I'll think you agree that the only plan that will work is for me to give myself up."
Mako says: "What?"
Lin says: "Korra, no."
Tonraq says: "We'll figure out another way."
Korra says: "I talked it over with Lord Zuko, and I've given it a lot of thought."
Korra says: "I have to do this."
Asami says: "You can't expect us to sit by and let Zaheer take you."
Korra says: "The world has been out of balance for far too long: it needs the Air Nation back again."
Korra says: "I can't let Zaheer destroy it and everyone we love."
Korra says: "Help me save the airbenders, then you can worry about saving me."
Tonraq says: "We're with you, Korra."
Suyin says: "Yes, whatever you need, they're here."
Korra says: "I'll go radio Zaheer."
Korra walks out of the meeting room. Cut to the Northern Air Temple radio room.
Korra says: "Zaheer, are you there?"
Korra says: "It's me."
Zaheer says: "I've been waiting for your call."
Zaheer says: "So, do we have a deal?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Korra says: "You release the airbenders, and then I'll turn myself over."
Zaheer says: "And take away the only leverage I have?"
Zaheer says: "No."
Zaheer says: "I can't do that."
Zaheer says: "Listen carefully, here's what I need you to do."
Cut to the airship meeting room where Mako is seated, while Bolin walks past him.
Mako says: "Will you sit down?"
Mako says: "I'm already tense enough as it is."
Bolin says: "I'm just worried about Opal, and Pabu's not here to comfort me."
Bolin says: "I hope he and Naga are doing okay back in Zaofu."
Cut to Zaofu where Naga and Pabu tug at Mako's scarf. Naga stands up, leaving Pabu hanging at the end of the scarf. Yin runs into the room.
Yin says: "No, not Mako's scarf!"
Yin says: "Bad dog and rat thingy!"
Yin says: "I'm very disappointed in you two."
Cut back to the airship where Korra re-enters the room.
Tonraq says: "Did you speak to Zaheer?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Korra says: "He told me to come to the top of Laghima's Peak at noon, alone."
Korra says: "Once he has me, he'll release the airbenders over to you at the temple."
Suyin says: "I think I figured a way to play this so that the airbenders and Korra all come out in one piece."
Lin says: "How?"
Suyin says: "Zaheer doesn't know how many of us there are, so we have the numbers advantage."
Suyin says: "I say we split into two teams:  Meanwhile, my metalbenders, Tonraq, Lin, and I will get in position below Laghima's Peak."
Korra nods in agreement to the plan. Cut to the air temple, where Zaheer is meditating.
Zaheer says: "Let go your earthly tether."
Zaheer says: "Enter the void."
Zaheer says: "Empty and become wind."
Zaheer says: "Empty and become wind."
P'Li says: "The airbenders are secured."
Zaheer says: "Thank you, P'Li."
Zaheer says: "For everything."
P'Li says: "Of course."
Zaheer says: "I want you to know:  not one day went by in that prison when I didn't think of you."
P'Li says: "You've shown me what true freedom means."
Zaheer says: "And after today,  we'll show the entire world what it means."
Zaheer says: "No more prisons, no more running."
P'Li says: "I love you, Zaheer."
Zaheer says: "I love you too."
Cut to Laghima's Peak with Suyin's airship at the bottom. Tonraq and Suyin seen walking outside, with Lin talking to the Team Avatar on the mouth of the airship.
Lin says: "Radio the second you see those airbenders."
Mako says: "I will, Chief."
Mako says: "Good luck."
Lin nods to Mako before walking out. Korra hugs Asami.
Asami says: "Be careful, Korra."
Korra says: "You too."
Korra hugs Mako, when she lets go, Bolin hugs her, sobbing. Korra walks out of the airship before it takes off.
Tonraq says: "Korra."
Korra says: "Don't worry, Dad."
Korra says: "I'll be all right."
Tonraq says: "I just want you to know how proud I am of you."
Tonraq says: "The risk you're taking to save the Air Nation will be remembered for generations."
Korra says: "I love you, Dad."
Tonraq says: "I love you too, sweetheart."
Korra says: "And Dad, watch out for Zaheer."
Korra says: "He's not very fond of world leaders."
Tonraq says: "I can handle him."
Tonraq says: "Just stay focused on your mission."
Tonraq and the metalbenders scale up the mountain until they are obscured from view by the clouds. Korra opens her glider and flies up the mountain. Cut to the Northern Air Temple as the airship approaches. Cut to the interior where Mako and Bolin survey the damage.
Bolin says: "Oh, man."
Mako says: "Must have been some fight."
Korra says: "Mako, did you see the airbenders?"
Mako says: "Not yet."
Mako says: "We're just arriving."
Mako says: "Don't turn yourself over until I get a visual on them."
Asami steers the airship to the temple, while Bolin ties the tethering ropes. Both approach the temple to see Ghazan awaiting them.
Ghazan says: "This way."
Ghazan says: "You want the airbenders, or not?"
Ghazan walks into the temple, which Team Avatar follows. Cut to Korra flying toward Laghima's Peak, where Zaheer and P'Li are waiting.
Zaheer says: "Drop your staff and surrender yourself."
Zaheer says: "Don't make me come get you."
Korra remains defiant and remains still. Cut to the Northern Air Temple where Ghazan leads Team Avatar to the captured airbenders, where Tenzin is chained to the floor and gagged, while the other airbenders are bound up and hooded.
Korra says: "Mako, what's going on?"
Mako says: "They're here."
Mako says: "And so is the lavabender."
Korra says: "Tell Ghazan to let the airbenders go."
Zaheer says: "Not 'til you turn yourself over."
Zaheer says: "This isn't a negotiation."
Zaheer says: "Wipe them out!"
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "Wait."
Korra says: "I'm coming."
Zaheer says: "Stand down."
P'Li and Korra walk up to each other. Korra drops her staff and radio, while P'Li cuffs her wrists and ankles.
P'Li says: "Don't bother trying to metalbend out of these: they're platinum."
P'Li pushes Korra toward Zaheer. Cut to the temple.
Zaheer says: "We have her."
Ghazan gestures to Team Avatar, who run toward Tenzin. Tenzin shakes his head.
Asami says: "It's okay, Tenzin."
Asami says: "We're about to get you out of here."
Mako walks up to the airbenders, only to see them collapse into a pool of water and Ming-Hua seated among the decoys. Ming-Hua rushes to attack Team Avatar, which Mako blocks the attack with fire.
Mako says: "Korra, it was a trick!"
Mako says: "They're not here."
Mako says: "Don't turn yourself over!"
Korra says: "We had a deal!"
Korra struggles against her restraints and airbends with her feet, separating Zaheer and P'Li. Cut to Lin on the mountainside.
Mako says: "Chief, get Korra out of there."
Mako says: "Now!"
Lin says: "Go!"
Lin says: "Go!"
The metalbenders ascend the mountain. Cut to the peak where Korra firebends and earthbends at Zaheer, who dodges all the attacks. Korra tries to regain her ground, but is stopped by her shackles. Zaheer airbends her off her feet and slams her down with an air blast. Cut back to the mountainside where the metalbenders reach the peak, engaging P'Li.
P'Li says: "Get the Avatar on the airship."
P'Li says: "I'll deal with them."
P'Li runs forward directs a combustion beam at the metalbenders. Lin manages to dodge the attack, but two metalbenders were thrown off the peak and fire a cable to ascend the peak again. Lin dodges another combustion beam and sends two earth slabs to P'Li. Suyin joins in a sends another slab. P'Li destroys a slab with combustion and avoids the other two. Cut to the airship where Zaheer pushes Korra into the airship. Tonraq climbs up the airship and attacks Zaheer. Korra dodges the attack and falls off the airship. Tonraq catches Korra with waterbending and throws her toward Zaheer, where she sends a point-blank fire kick. Zaheer protects himself with airbending, but is thrown back. Tonraq cuts the tethering ropes with his water whips, causing the airship to fly off.
Tonraq says: "Nowhere to go, Zaheer!"
Tonraq directs his whips to Zaheer, changing the scene to the Northern Air Temple where Ming-Hua scales the walls, landing next to Ghazan. Ghazan directs lava to Bolin, who blocks with an earth column. Mako runs up and firebends, while Asami tends to Tenzin.
Asami says: "Where're the airbenders?"
Tenzin says: "I don't know."
Tenzin says: "Zaheer moved them out of the temple."
Mako firebends at Ming-Hua, who stops the attack with her water arms.
Ming-Hua says: "Won't you just bury them already?"
Ghazan leaps forward, lavabending a large portion of the floor, before spreading it across the room. As they exit, Ghazan lavabends the exit path. Asami looks on in fear, as she picks Tenzin's shackles with her hairpin.
Asami says: "Come on."
Asami says: "We have to get to the airship."
Bolin says: "Not gonna happen."
Bolin says: "The exit's blocked."
Bolin bends the tiles beneath, forming a barricade to stop the lava flow. A pillar collapses. Tenzin groans, prompting Mako to run up and support him.
Asami says: "Where's Oogi?"
Tenzin says: "Gone."
Tenzin says: "All the bison got scared off during the attack."
Tenzin says: "But, I think I know another way out."
Tenzin says: "Bolin, can you get us to that wall?"
Bolin says: "On it!"
Bolin bends the wall behind them. Cut to the temple exterior, where Ghazan lavabends the entire exit path before taking over Suyin's airship with Ming-Hua. As the airship takes off, a portion of the garden collapses.
Cut to Team Avatar escaping to a meditation room. Bolin notices the lava approaching and blocks off the flow.
Tenzin says: "Through there."
Bolin opens the floor board and the group enters the tunnel, where Mako firebends to provide some light.
Bolin says: "Let's move it, people!"
Cut to Laghima's Peak with P'Li bombards the metalbenders out. Korra kicks a boulder to Zaheer while Tonraq whips the water. Zaheer airbends the assault and creates a wind gust to Tonraq. He dodges, waterbends the water to attack Zaheer. The boulder flew toward Zaheer, but he easily dodges and punches some air gusts to Tonraq until he falls down. Korra stands up, creating some earth cracks which the airbender dodges. Tonraq bends an ice spear on his forearm, with his remaining water supply, and attempts to stab Zaheer, who dodges his attack and manages to ensnare Tonraq in a small tornado.
Zaheer says: "Say hello to the Earth Queen for me."
Korra says: "Dad!"
Cut to P'Li as she directs combustion attacks toward Suyin, who dodges the attacks before regrouping with her half-sister, who has already taken cover.
Suyin says: "We're pinned down."
Lin says: "I'm gonna draw her fire."
Lin says: "You take her out."
Suyin says: "Lin."
Suyin says: "No."
P'Li directs combustion beams to the half-sisters, who shield themselves.
Lin says: "I love you."
Lin says: "Come and get me, you Third-Eyed Freak!"
Lin leaps up the slope to avoid P'Li's combustion beam before retaliating with an earth slap. P'Li destroys the slab while Suyin glances out looking for the right moment. Lin sends two earth slabs to P'Li, who dodges and retaliates with combustion beams. Lin dodges the attack and bends an earth wall to protect herself from another beam, but is knocked toward the edge. Lin props herself up. While P'Li prepares to finish Lin, Suyin runs out of her cover and bends her armor toward P'Li's head, containing the blast. Cut to Zaheer who turns back in horror, staring at the resulting explosion.
Zaheer says: "P'Li!"
Zaheer looks at the fight sadly, while Korra, seizing the moment to distraction, firebends at Zaheer. Zaheer dodges the attack and sends an air blast to Korra, knocking her out. Zaheer carries Korra and walks to the edge, watching the unmanned airship fly off. Suyin and Lin ascend the peak, landing behind Zaheer.
Suyin says: "It's over, Zaheer."
Zaheer says: "Let go your earthly tether."
Lin says: "Release the Avatar."
Zaheer says: "Enter the void."
Suyin says: "This is your last warning!"
Zaheer says: "Empty, and become wind."
Lin says: "No!"
Lin says: "Stop!"
The half-sisters run up to the edge, where they see Zaheer floating in mid-air. Both fire cables at Zaheer, who dodges the attack and flies off to Suyin's airship.
Lin says: "Did he just, fly?"
Cut to the airship where Zaheer zooms past.
Ghazan says: "Guess he doesn't need a ride."
Cut to the mountainside where Kuvira clings on with one of her cables, while Tonraq grabs on to the other, while he sees the Red Lotus fleeing with his daughter.
Tonraq says: "Korra."
Zaheer flies past the temple. Cut to the temple tunnel.
Bolin says: "We can't outrun it!"
Bolin says: "This way."
Bolin bends a tunnel on the side of the path, the group enters the tunnel before the lava approaches them. Cut to the mountainside as a rock falls off from Bolin's bending.
Mako says: "Now what?"
The group turns back to see the lava approaching the tunnel. Bolin walks toward the lava and stretches out his hands.
Mako says: "Bolin!"
As Bolin groans, the lava flies above him. He brings his hands together, pushing the lava back and solidifying it.
Tenzin says: "Incredible."
Mako says: "You're a lavabender."
Bolin says: "I know."
Bolin says: "I just found out."
Kai says: "Hey, you guys need a lift?"
Tenzin says: "Kai."
Tenzin says: "You're all right."
Kai says: "More or less."
Kai says: "Everyone hop on."
Tenzin climbs onto the bison first, followed by Asami. Mako follows suit, causing the bison to lose altitude. As Bolin climbs onto Lefty, it groans from the impact. The bison subsequently leaves the temple. Tenzin looks back sadly as the temple begins to collapse. Cut to the mountain foot where Kuvira bandages Tonraq.
Tonraq says: "I owe you my life."
Tonraq says: "Thank you, Captain."
Kuvira says: "You can call me, Kuvira."
Cut to a far shot of the temporary camp, where everyone hears Bolin's bird calls. Suyin stands up and points in the direction of the calls. Lefty flies toward the camp, landing heavily and tossing Bolin off mount. Suyin and Lin rush forward to help Team Avatar.
Kai says: "Hey everybody, there's something I got to tell you."
Lin says: "How did you guys make it out of the temple alive?"
Mako says: "It was all Bolin."
Mako says: "I thought we were done for, then out of nowhere, he lavabends."
Suyin says: "I knew you had the potential for something big."
Suyin says: "You just had to believe in yourself."
Bolin says: "You're right."
Bolin says: "Being moments from death was a pretty good motivator too."
Bolin says: "Of course, we would have never made it back with Kai."
Kai says: "Glad I could help."
Tenzin says: "Did Zaheer get away with Korra?"
Lin says: "I'm afraid so."
Suyin says: "Apparently, he can fly now."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Asami says: "How?"
Bolin says: "Are you sure?"
Lin says: "I wouldn't believe it either if I hadn't seen it for myself."
Tenzin says: "I've heard the legends about Guru Laghima's ability to fly."
Tenzin says: "I'd never imagine they were true."
Tonraq says: "So what's our next move?"
Kai says: "I have an idea."
Lin says: "Not right now, kid!"
Lin says: "We need to figure out where Zaheer took Korra."
Tenzin says: "And find the airbenders."
Kai says: "I know where the airbenders are, and I bet it's where Korra is too."
Mako says: "Well, why didn't you say something?"
Tenzin says: "Where are they?"
Tenzin says: "How did you find them?"
Kai says: "After I got blasted out the sky, I woke up on the side of the mountain,  where this little fellow found me."
Kai says: "I tried to sneak back into the temple, to see if I could rescue anyone, and that's when I saw the airship leaving."
Kai says: "I followed it into some caves a few miles from here."
Kai says: "The giant lady and some people put the airbenders into the caves."
Lin says: "Was it Ghazan and Ming-Hua?"
Kai says: "No, there were four more of them."
Kai says: "They didn't look familiar."
Mako says: "Must be more Red Lotus members than we thought."
Kai says: "I couldn't fight them on my own, so I came back here, hoping you guys would show up."
Lin says: "We need to get to those caves."
Kai says: "How?"
Kai says: "I don't think we can all fit on my bison."
A shadow flies above the group. The group looks up to see Oogi.
Tenzin says: "Oogi!"
Tenzin says: "I'm glad to see you too, old friend."
Cut to the entire team mounting atop Oogi, while the Metal Clan nurse their wounds. Kuvira walks up to Oogi.
Kuvira says: "I want to come with you."
Suyin says: "No, Kuvira."
Suyin says: "Stay with the injured."
Suyin says: "We'll be back for you once we have the Avatar."
Mako says: "Hey."
Mako says: "Um, I appreciate you coming back for us."
Mako says: "Sorry for ever giving you a hard time."
Kai says: "That's okay."
Kai says: "I probably deserved it."
Mako says: "Yeah, you kind of did."
Cut to the mountain range as Oogi follows Lefty. Cut to the Red Lotus' hideout, where Zaheer is seated cross-legged while levitating. Ming-Hua and Ghazan approach him.
Ming-Hua says: "Why didn't you ever tell us you could fly?"
Zaheer says: "I wasn't sure I could."
Zaheer says: "Only one other airbender in history had the ability."
Ghazan says: "How did you figure out how to do it?"
Zaheer says: "I found true freedom."
Zaheer says: "I am no longer bound to this earth by worldly desires."
Zaheer says: "I have entered the void."
Ming-Hua says: "Where's P'Li?"
Zaheer says: "She sacrificed her life for our cause."
Zaheer says: "Now let's make sure it wasn't in vain."
Cut to a cave with the Red Lotus insignia paint on it. Zoom out to reveal Korra chained on all four limbs. Zaheer, Ming-Hua, Ghazan and two Red Lotus member enter the cave. Korra regains consciousness and gasps.
Korra says: "You."
Korra says: "You killed my father!"
Zaheer says: "I understand your grief."
Zaheer says: "I also lost someone I loved today."
Zaheer says: "But your pain will soon be over."
Zaheer says: "Bring the poison."
Two Red Lotus members walk forward, causing Korra to gasp in fear. One member bends out the poison, which is a silvery-black liquid. Cut to Korra who looks on in horror.
Cut to credits.