The scene opens with a morning view of Zaofu. The metal dome covering Zaofu opens. Team Avatar and Suyin's family are sitting at the table for breakfast.
Mako says: "Hey, has anyone seen Chief Beifong?"
Korra says: "I think she's still sulking in her room."
Suyin says: "I know she has a problem with me, but she had no right to yell at Opal last night."
Suyin says: "All set for your power disc game, guys?"
Wei says: "I wanna power disc your face."
Wei says: "You should go play with us."
Korra says: "Um."
Korra says: "I don't think I'd be much competition, since I can't metalbend."
Suyin says: "Really."
Suyin says: "Lin never offered to train you?"
Korra says: "Nope."
Korra says: "And I guessed I never thought to bring it up because I was learning to airbend, then there was the pro-bending, then I got tied up fighting Equalists."
Korra says: "It was a busy few months."
Suyin says: "Well, it's probably for the best."
Suyin says: "I'm sure Lin would be a horrible teacher."
Suyin says: "As the Avatar, you should have mastery over all the elements."
Suyin says: "I'd be happy to show you the basics."
Korra says: "Really?"
Korra says: "That would be great!"
Opal says: "You should try it, too."
Bolin says: "Uh, nah."
Bolin says: "I'm more of an earth guy."
Bolin says: "The dirt, rocks; y'know, maybe some light gravel."
Bolin says: "That's kinda where my heart is."
Suyin says: "Okay, Earth Guy."
Suyin says: "Well, let me know if you change your mind."
Suyin's necklace begins to be pulled off. Cut to the table, where the cutlery begin shaking and being pulled away, causing everyone with duck for cover. Cut to a suit, where the cutlery flies and stick to. The person in the suit removes the helmet cover, revealing to be Varrick.
Varrick says: "It worked!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, mark it down."
Varrick says: "Magnet suit test successful."
The scene shifts to Lin walking outside of her room, as she sees two guards leaning against a wall and chatting.
Guard #1.
How many push-ups did you do last night? 'Cause I did like fifty.
Lin says: "What do you two think you're doing?!"
Lin says: "!"
Lin says: "Get back to work!"
Aiwei says: "Is everything all right here?"
Lin says: "The Avatar is in danger, and these two knuckleheads are just standing around chit-chatting."
Aiwei says: "Don't worry, Zaofu is the most secure city in the world."
Lin says: "I'll be the judge of that."
Lin says: "I'm going to check every inch of this place."
Aiwei says: "Lin, you do not have to work while you are here."
Aiwei says: "You need to relax."
Lin says: "I'm fine!"
Aiwei says: "It doesn't take a truth seer to know that you are under a dangerous amount of stress."
Aiwei says: "If you don't deal with your suppressed feelings, there will be severe consequences to your health..."
Aiwei says: "and your job."
Lin says: "I'm not interested in talking about my feelings."
Aiwei says: "You won't have to say a word."
Aiwei says: "I know a great acupuncturist in town who will be able to help you."
Lin says: "Hmm."
Scene shifts to Zaheer, Ghazan, Ming-Hua, and P'Li's hideout in a vine-infested Republic City apartment.
P'Li says: "Seems like you made quite the stir on Air Temple Island."
P'Li says: "The cops are swarming the city looking for us."
Ghazan says: "You still want to try to take out the president?"
Zaheer says: "No, he'll have to wait."
Zaheer says: "We leave today."
Cut to the group, looking down at a view of street in Republic City.
Zaheer says: "There's our ticket out of here."
A truck driver is lifting boxes into the bag of his truck. Suddenly a water whip grabs hold of him, bent by Ming-Hua, and pulls him to the side of his truck. Terrified, he looks at Zaheer and P'Li, who are standing in front of him and glaring at him. Directly behind the driver, subduing him with an ice claw in one hand and holding an ice dagger at his neck, is Ming-Hua.
Driver says: "There's no money!"
Driver says: "I just made my last delivery!"
Ming-Hua says: "We don't want money."
Cut to an operating room. Lin is lying on a bed, looking upward as Guo bends needles out of a tray and stops them right above her.
Lin says: "How many of those things are you going to stick in me?"
Guo says: "I'll be placing several needles on each of your acu-points."
Guo says: "There's nothing to be scared about."
Lin says: "I'm not afraid of needles!"
Guo says: "Please, close your eyes and take a deep breath."
Guo says: "This process corrects an imbalance in your chi."
Guo says: "Please tell me if you feel any pain or pressure."
Lin says: "I can't feel a thing."
Guo says: "That's unusual."
Guo says: "Your chi must be powerfully blocked."
Guo says: "We're going to need more needles."
Guo says: "Acupuncture often taps into peoples' buried memories."
Guo says: "These memories can sometimes be difficult to process."
Lin says: "Huh, buried memories."
Lin says: "Uh-huh."
The scene manifests one of Lin's memories. A teenage Suyin is relaxing inside of her living room with two boys. The door opens and someone walks inside. It is Lin, who is also much younger.
Lin says: "Su, what are you doing home?"
Suyin says: "Wow, you almost look like a real cop!"
Lin says: "You're supposed to be in school."
Suyin says: "Oh no, are you going to tell Mom?"
Suyin says: "It's not like she's going to care."
Lin says: "Where'd you get all that stuff?"
Boy says: "Oh, it fell off the back of a truck."
Lin says: "What are you doing hanging out with these losers?"
Suyin says: "They're my friends and you have no right to call them that!"
Suyin says: "Come on guys, let's get out of here."
Lin says: "Su, stop."
Suyin says: "Get your hands off of me!"
Lin says: "You have so much potential."
Lin says: "You're ruining your life!"
Suyin says: "At least I have a life!"
Suyin turns and leaves with her friends, as Lin looks on with a glare. Cut back out of the memory to the present, as Lin's eyes are closed and her face quivers. Switch to Suyin and Korra walking.
Suyin says: "These meteorites are perfect for beginning metalbenders."
Suyin says: "The metals have a unique property, making them easier to bend."
Suyin breaks off a piece of the meteorite, which she slowly bends down to her hand. Suyin bends it into a star shape, followed by a diamond.
Korra says: "That's amazing!"
Suyin says: "Here, try it!"
Korra says: "Okay."
Korra concentrates for a while, but is not able to do anything with the meteorite. A noise is heard in the distance. Korra and Suyin look for the source, and see Bolin watching them, while hiding behind a large rock.
Korra says: "Bolin?"
Korra says: "Is that you?"
Bolin says: "No!"
Korra says: "What are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Oh, hey ladies."
Bolin says: "Just uh..."
Bolin says: "I was just looking for Pabu."
Bolin says: "Pabu!"
Korra says: "He's on your shoulder."
Bolin says: "You know, I thought something was chewing on my ear."
Bolin says: "Probably need to get a shot."
Bolin says: "Pabu has sort of a..."
Bolin says: "a venom."
Bolin says: "Anyways, so what are you guys doing?"
Bolin says: "You metalbending over here or something?"
Suyin says: "Want to give it a shot?"
Bolin says: "Nah, it's okay."
Bolin says: "I mean, only like one earthbender in a hundred can metalbend."
Suyin says: "Well, don't believe everything you hear."
Suyin says: "The only thing limiting you is your attitude."
Bolin says: "Well, maybe I'll just..."
Bolin says: "I'll just stay and watch."
Suyin says: "Try to focus on the fine pieces of earth within the metal."
Korra says: "I can't believe it!"
Korra says: "I'm metalbending!"
Bolin says: "Wow, you picked that up really, really quick."
Bolin says: "Guess you're that one in a hundred."
Suyin says: "Great job, Korra."
Back to Lin's room, as the camera zooms back into her head and into yet another memory. Lin is driving in a police carriage, as an officer's voice comes out of the radio.
Radio says: "Calling all units."
Radio says: "Property reported on the corner of 5th and Harbor."
Radio says: "Suspect's vehicle headed south on Hallow Boulevard."
Radio says: "Units responding, identify."
Lin says: "Unit three responding."
The criminal carriage drives by her, and she quickly turns around. Lin fires her cables at one of the wheels and rips it off, causing the carriage to swerve to the stop at the site of the road. Two people come out from the back and try to escape, but Lin traps them with her cables, glaring at them, until she hears a voice off-screen.
Suyin says: "Leave them alone!"
Lin says: "Su?"
The scene shifts out of the memory, as Lin opens her eyes, gasping, and sits up. The needles fly out of her and across of them. Lin breathes deeply, drenched in sweat, and turns to leave.
Guo says: "Wait!"
Guo says: "Leaving in the middle of a session could make you sick!"
Lin says: "I'm done here."
Lin leaves, clearly in an unsafe condition. Cut to Lin in her room, face in hand. Her door opens and she looks up. It is Korra, but Lin hallucinates and sees her as a teenage Suyin.
Korra says: "Are you going to stay in your room feeling sorry for yourself all day?"
Lin says: "I'm fine!"
Lin leaves, stumbling at the door, and groaning uncomfortably on the way out. Lin heads back to the acupuncture room and barges open the door, startling Guo who is placing the needles back onto their tray.
Lin says: "What did you do to me?"
Guo says: "I tried to warn you."
Guo says: "Come with me."
Guo says: "Let's go finish the session."
Guo says: "Just relax and breathe."
Lin says: "So, you're robbing stores with the Terra Triad now?"
Suyin says: "I didn't steal anything."
Suyin says: "I just drove the car."
Suyin says: "I owed my friends a favor."
Suyin says: "It's not a big deal."
Lin says: "I'm not letting you get away with this."
Lin says: "Don't even think about taking one more step!"
Suyin stops momentarily, but ignores her and keeps walking. Enraged, Lin sends one of her cables at her sister, and it catches her wrist. Suyin breaks free with her knife and sends the cables back at Lin, and the cables slice her cheek, causing Lin to scream in pain. Suyin looks on in shock.
The scene leaves the memory with a sight of the present Lin, grunting and twitching her eyebrows. Cut to a bridge in Republic City, as a metalbending officer goes up to the same truck that was attacked by Zaheer's gang.
Officer says: "Good afternoon."
Officer says: "Where are you off to today?"
Driver says: "I, uh, got a delivery to make at Bao Yu."
Driver says: "I should be back later today."
Officer says: "You all right?"
Driver says: "Yeah, just a little tired."
Driver says: "One more pick-up, then I'm clocking out."
Officer says: "I thought you said you had a delivery?"
Driver says: "Did I?"
Officer says: "I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck."
The driver steps out and runs away screaming, while another cop chases after him. The interrogating cop opens the back of the truck, and is blasted backward with powerful airbending from Zaheer.
Zaheer says: "Let's get out of here!"
Ming-Hua drives the truck away, while police stay hard on its tail. P'Li blows up one of them with combustion, but the rest are able to avoid it, and keep chasing the truck. Ghazan stops two of them with lava, and the group escape.
Back to Zaofu, as Bolin sneaks up behind a meteorite pedestal, whistling. He takes the meteorite from its pedestal and attempts to bend it.
Opal says: "Hey, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Opal!"
Bolin says: "Oh, wow, you..."
Bolin says: "really know how to sneak up on someone."
Opal says: "What are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Oh nothing, you know, just..."
Opal says: "You're acting weird again."
Bolin says: "Sorry."
Bolin says: "I wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches."
Bolin says: "I'm just frustrated."
Bolin says: "I've been trying to metalbend and I can't figure it out."
Bolin says: "Don't tell anyone, okay?"
Opal says: "Why not?"
Bolin says: "Because it's embarrassing."
Bolin says: "This isn't the first time I've tried, and I've been wanting to metalbend ever since I heard about Toph."
Bolin says: "Your grandmother is my biggest hero!"
Opal says: "My mom grew up learning from Toph."
Opal says: "Just go train with her."
Opal says: "Stop being so scared."
Bolin says: "You know what?"
Bolin says: "Maybe I am scared."
Bolin says: "But what about you?"
Bolin says: "I know that you want to go to the Northern Air Temple to train with Tenzin, but you haven't done it, because you're afraid too!"
Opal says: "You know what?"
Opal says: "You're right."
Opal says: "I don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom."
Bolin says: "Look at us!"
Bolin says: "Talking about our feelings, supporting each other."
Opal says: "It's nice."
Back to Lin in the acupuncture room, as we go back into her memories. Suyin and Lin are sitting together in chairs in their mother's office, glaring at each other, as Toph paces.
Toph says: "What were you thinking?"
Toph says: "And what were you thinking?"
Toph says: "You two have put me in an impossible position."
Lin says: "You're mad at me?"
Lin says: "She's the one who was running around with criminals!"
Suyin says: "This is all your fault!"
Lin says: "I was doing my job!"
Toph says: "All right, enough!"
Toph says: "Here's what we're going to do."
Toph says: "Su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible."
Suyin says: "What?!"
Suyin says: "!"
Suyin says: "Where am I supposed to go?"
Toph says: "You'll go stay with your grandparents."
Toph says: "Lin, give me the arrest report."
Lin says: "Mom, what are you doing?!"
Lin says: "!"
Lin says: "You can't cover this up!"
Lin says: "There are witnesses."
Toph says: "I'm the Chief of Police!"
Toph says: "I can't have a daughter in jail!"
Lin says: "So, once again, Suyin gets to do whatever she wants and there are no consequences."
Toph says: "This is our only option."
Back to the operating room. Guo removes the needles.
Guo says: "You're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a while."
Lin says: "I don't need to rest."
Lin says: "I need to do something I should've done a long time ago."
Back to Suyin and Korra metalbending.
Suyin says: "Congratulations."
Suyin says: "You're the first metalbending Avatar."
Bolin says: "So, umm, I've been thinking, and I'd like to try to learn metalbending."
Bolin says: "I mean, I'm sure you have a waiting list or something of a couple years so."
Suyin says: "Let's get started."
The ground cracks beneath them and a meteorite falls and breaks. Cut to show an angry, panting Lin.
Bolin says: "I think Lin is mad about something."
Lin says: "Su, it's time we talk."
Suyin says: "After thirty years, you're finally ready to talk?"
Lin says: "When we were in Mom's office that day, you could've taken responsibility for what you did."
Lin says: "But instead, you stayed quiet and let Mom throw her whole career away."
Suyin says: "Mom didn't throw her career away."
Suyin says: "She retired the next year."
Suyin says: "She was a hero."
Lin says: "You think she wanted to retire?"
Lin says: "She was so guilt-ridden about what she did to protect you that she didn't feel worthy of her badge."
Lin says: "You made some mistakes?"
Suyin says: "Lin, Mom and I already talked about this years ago and worked things out."
Suyin says: "If you had gotten together with us like we'd asked, you would know that I'm a different person now."
Suyin says: "I've been a different person for a long time."
Lin says: "You think that just because you live in a big, fancy house, and have a chef who cooks you fancy food, that you're a different person?"
Lin says: "Maybe you could fool everyone else, but you can't fool me."
Lin says: "I see right through you."
Suyin says: "You know what, Lin?"
Suyin says: "You're the one who hasn't changed."
Suyin says: "You're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself."
Suyin says: "No wonder Tenzin ended things with you years ago."
Lin bends a rock toward Suyin, which she deflects using her wrist.
Suyin says: "Okay,  I guess this is how it's going to be."
Suyin trips Lin with a fissure, before knocking her off with a meteorite. Lin gets back up and earthbends a staircase, while Suyin metalbends a metal panel. Suyin bends the metal panel toward Lin, which she evades by using a backflip. Lin earthbends many fragments of small rocks to Suyin, who evades the attacks by weaving through.
Korra says: "Should I stop them?"
Bolin says: "You don't have any siblings, fighting is all part of the healing process."
The fight carries on with Lin earthbending toward Suyin, which she dodges with a cartwheel. Baatar, Huan, and the twins run to a pavilion.
Wei says: "Go Mom!"
The two of them continue to fight. Lin metalbends Huan's Harmonic Convergence sculpture, which Suyin deflects and smashes it into a metal wall.
Huan says: "Actually, it looks..."
Huan says: "kinda better now."
Suyin metalbends three metal panels toward Lin, which she deflects. Lin begins to earthbend rocks from beneath Suyin and bends a large boulder toward her. Suyin curls a part of the metal wall to shield herself before rolling it out again, knocking Lin into the pavilion nearby, where she lands roughly on the stairs, grunting.
Suyin says: "You've got it out of your system?"
Lin says: "Not quite yet!"
Lin earthbends a part of the staircase leading to the pavilion, while Suyin earthbends a boulder from the ground. The two of them begins to charge at each other, but Opal interfered by airbending both objects to the side.
Opal says: "What are you two doing?!"
Opal says: "!"
Opal says: "You're sisters!"
Opal says: "Why would you want to hurt each other?"
Both Suyin and Lin pants in exhaustion, and suddenly, Lin faints and falls to the ground, but Korra saved her head from knocking the ground. The scene cuts to a view of Suyin's estate in Zaofu before shifting to Korra, Bolin and Mako standing outside of Lin's quarters.
Korra says: "Uhh, Whose going to knock?"
Bolin says: "No, no, no, no, no, no!"
Bolin says: "Not me!"
Bolin says: "You're the Avatar, why can't you do it?"
Korra says: "Uhh, I can."
Korra says: "But I just thought that..."
Mako says: "I'll do it."
Mako says: "Uhh, Chief, you've been sleeping for sixteen hours."
Mako says: "We just wanted to make sure that you're okay."
The scene shifts to a drink being placed in front of Lin at the dining table.
Lin says: "What's this?"
Chef says: "I call it the kalenutsco."
Chef says: "It's a mixture of kale, coconut water, and walnuts."
Lin says: "Look, I'm just not really comfortable talking about these kinds of things, and..."
Lin says: "well, I wanted to say that I'm sorry about the other night."
Opal says: "It's okay."
Lin says: "Your mother and I have a complicated relationship and..."
Opal says: "It's probably difficult for you to be here."
Lin says: "You're a smart young woman, and an excellent airbender."
Lin says: "I think it would be a wonderful opportunity to train with the other airbenders at the Northern Air Temple."
Opal says: "There's a part of me that wants to go, but..."
Opal says: "I don't want to upset my mom."
Lin says: "When I was younger, all I wanted to do was please my mother."
Lin says: "I became a police chief because I thought it would make her happy..."
Lin says: "but it didn't."
Lin says: "You need to make your decisions based on what you want."
Lin says: "Don't make the same mistakes as I did."
Opal smiles and hugs her aunt. The scene shifts to Opal opening Suyin's office door, in which Suyin and Baatar are having tea.
Opal says: "Mom, Dad, can I talk to you?"
Opal shuts the door behind her. The scene shifts to a statue of Toph with Lin standing in front of it, and Suyin approaching her.
Suyin says: "Opal has decided to go to the Northern Air Temple."
Suyin says: "I guess you had something to do with her decision."
Lin says: "Well, I was just..."
Suyin says: "It's okay."
Suyin says: "I'm glad she was honest with me."
Suyin says: "I want her to do what makes her happy."
Suyin says: "Mom gave us too much freedom, but I feel like I made the mistake of giving Opal too little."
Suyin says: "I think it's about time I let her choose her own way."
Suyin says: "I'm sorry I gave you such a hard time when we were younger."
Suyin says: "I can't imagine what my life would've been like if Mom hadn't sent me away, if I had stayed in the city..."
Lin says: "You'd probably be in prison."
Suyin says: "You're probably right."
Suyin says: "Mako told me that you're an excellent police chief."
Suyin says: "Republic City is lucky to have you."
Suyin says: "I know Mom is proud."
Suyin says: "Can we move on?"
Suyin says: "I'd love for you to be part of my life again."
Suyin says: "There's plenty of space in the house, and the kids would love having their aunt around."
Suyin says: "I do need a new co-director for my new dance performance."
Lin says: "Whoa!"
Lin says: "Slow it down."
Lin says: "How about for now, I just promise not to show up at your house and attack you again?"
Suyin says: "Deal!"
The two of them shake hands and smile at each other. The scene shifts to Zaheer's gang sitting around a camp fire, and Zaheer meditating.
Ming-Hua says: "We should've grabbed one of those cops."
Ming-Hua says: "Maybe they know something about where the Avatar is hiding."
Ghazan says: "She could be anywhere."
P'Li says: "We'll find her."
P'Li says: "It's just a matter of time."
Zaheer says: "She's with the Metal Clan."
Fades to credits.