Scene opens to a lone ship. The captain notices three flashing red lights being thrown onto the deck before exploding. A similar device is thrown to the wall behind the captain, but he manages to jump off onto the deck before the device explodes.
Captain says: "We're under attack!"
Four waterbenders ambush the ship, swamping it with water. The scene changes to crew members on an escape raft while looking at the destroyed ship.
Captain says: "Varrick is not gonna be happy about this."
Cut the Southern Spirit Portal, which has been fortified with a surrounding wall and watchtowers. Cut to Eska and Desna standing outside the portal.
Eska says: "Where is he?"
Desna says: "Father said he would meet us at this location."
Desna says: "He'll be here."
Desna says: "Were you just in the Spirit World?"
Unalaq says: "Never mind that."
Unalaq says: "Where is the Avatar?"
Eska says: "She was within our grasp until a dark spirit attacked her."
Desna says: "They're out of control."
Unalaq says: "You didn't get her?"
Eska says: "The Avatar is dead."
Unalaq looks at his children with disappointment.
Cut to the cinema says: "Hero of the South is being screened."
where The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Hero of the South is being screened."
Cut to the cinema says: "Nuktuk walks ahead and hides behind a mound when he sees an ominous castle."
where The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Nuktuk walks ahead and hides behind a mound when he sees an ominous castle."
Nuktuk says: "We finally made it."
Nuktuk says: "Now, we must stop the evil Unalaq!"
Evil Unalaq says: "The Southern Water Tribe is mine."
Evil Unalaq says: "Next, I will conquer the world with my waterbending doomsday device!"
The crowd jeers while throwing popcorn at the screen. Cut to the audience, who are mostly children.
Nuktuk says: "Don't worry, Juji and Roh-Tan, I will end the evil Unalaq's reign of terror."
Nuktuk says: "For I am Nuktuk, hero of the South!"
Juji says: "Nuktuk, you're not just the hero of the South, you're our best friend."
Roh-Tan says: "Nuktuk-ity!"
Nuktuk says: "You two are the best snow raccoon and arctic panda a guy could ask for."
Crowd says: "Aww!"
Varrick says: "Bolin, look up there."
Varrick says: "What do you see?"
Bolin says: "I- is this a trick question?"
Varrick says: "I'll tell you what I see: a star being born."
Varrick says: "You're a star."
Varrick says: "People love stars."
Varrick says: "Stars tell them what to think and how to act."
Varrick says: "Bolin, have you ever tried to force a monkey marmot to ride a bicycle?"
Bolin says: "Uh..."
Bolin says: "not that I can recall."
Varrick says: "Of course you haven't."
Varrick says: "You can't force monkey marmots to do anything."
Varrick says: "They've got to want to do it themselves!"
Bolin says: "Right..."
Varrick says: "With these movers, we'll have the support of the people, and before long, they'll persuade the President to lend his troops to the war effort."
On screen, a bound Ginger is escorted to Evil Unalaq's throne.
Evil Unalaq says: "My evil plan is working."
Evil Unalaq says: "I've captured Nuktuk's beautiful girlfriend."
Nuktuk says: "And now, your time is up."
Evil Unalaq gestures for his guards to attack Nuktuk. Nuktuk retreats such that only shadows of the fight can be seen. He breaks off a spear of one of the guards before throwing him up, and throws the other guard up with waterbending. Two more guards approach and throw a net, capturing him.
Evil Unalaq says: "It's no use fighting, Nuktuk."
Evil Unalaq says: "My anti-energy net makes bending impossible."
Nuktuk says: "No!"
Nuktuk says: "Please."
Nuktuk says: "Power..."
Nuktuk says: "weakening."
Ron-Tah says: "Nuk-terrible."
Voice narrator says: "Will this be the end of Nuktuk?"
Voice narrator says: "Can he escape from Unalaq's trap and save the beautiful Ginger?"
Voice narrator says: "Find out next week on The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South."
Bolin says: "Wow."
Bolin says: "We got some major chemistry on-screen."
Bolin says: "Am I right?"
Ginger says: "Yeah."
Ginger says: "On-screen."
Bolin says: "What's wrong?"
Bolin says: "Are you mad because I left you in the clutches of the evil Unalaq?"
Bolin says: "I'm gonna save you in the next episode."
Bolin says: "Ginger, let's work through this."
Zhu Li says: "Varrick, another one of your ships has been captured."
Varrick says: "Darn it, Zhu Li, haven't I told you I hate getting bad news without first getting good news?"
Zhu Li says: "Oh, well, the good news is it looks like your first mover has gotten a great reception."
Varrick says: "That's old news!"
Varrick says: "Let's go."
Cut to the police headquarters. Mako looks sadly at a picture of him and Korra. Asami enters.
Asami says: "Is it true?"
Mako says: "I'm so sorry."
Mako says: "Your entire shipment was stolen."
Asami says: "Without that sale, I don't know how much longer I can keep my company going."
Asami says: "What am I gonna do?"
Mako says: "Don't worry."
Mako says: "I'm gonna find whoever's responsible."
Mako says: "Chief Beifong is about to question the captain of the ship."
Lin says: "I know it's been a long day, but walk me through what happened."
Captain says: "We were ambushed about thirty klicks outside the harbor."
Captain says: "We never heard them coming."
Lin says: "This is the third attack this week at about the same location."
Lu says: "Yep, and smack-dab in Republic City's jurisdiction, which means another problem for us."
Lu says: "All this stress is gonna turn old black beauty gray."
Gang says: "It's gotta be Northern Water Tribe."
Gang says: "They're trying to stop supply lines to the South."
Lin says: "I agree."
Lin says: "Is there anything else about the attack you remember?"
Lin says: "Anything unusual?"
Captain says: "There is one thing."
Captain says: "The bombs exploded in a way I've never seen before."
Captain says: "They didn't have fuses."
Captain says: "It was like they were being detonated remotely."
Mako says: "Like the bombs at the cultural center."
Asami says: "Wait, where are you going?"
Mako says: "I gotta grab some evidence."
Varrick says: "Asami, I heard the news."
Varrick says: "I can't believe they took my fifth favorite ship in the Varrick Industries fleet!"
Varrick says: "Named her after my mom."
Varrick says: "Rest in piece, Rocky Bottom."
Asami says: "Without the money from that shipment, Future Industries is almost broke."
Mako says: "Chief, I think there's a link between this attack and the attack at the cultural center."
Lin says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Mako says: "Solving this case."
Mako says: "Did any of the people who attacked you have one of these in their hand?"
Mako says: "I think it's a remote detonator."
Captain says: "It was too dark to see anything."
Lin says: "Mako!"
Mako says: "Chief, I don't think the people who attacked were Northern Water Tribe."
Gang says: "Of course they were Northern Water Tribe."
Gang says: "They were waterbending."
Mako says: "Was this one of the guys who attacked?"
Captain says: "No, I don't recognize him."
Gang says: "Oh, that's embarrassing."
Lu says: "Nice try, Rookie."
Lin says: "Mako, leave."
Lin says: "Now."
Varrick says: "Great work, everybody."
Varrick says: "Another open and shut case for the dynamic mustachioed duo!"
Asami says: "Wait, I think Mako might be onto something."
Mako says: "Chief, I know it's a long shot, but I have an idea how we can catch these guys."
Lu says: "Yeah, let's all listen to the rookie."
Asami says: "He's doing a better job than you!"
Varrick says: "Whooooo's hungry?"
Cut to the outside of the headquarters.
Mako says: "Lu and Gang are idiots."
Mako says: "I hate them and their stupid mustaches."
Asami says: "Forget them."
Asami says: "What's this idea of yours?"
Mako says: "A sting operation."
Mako says: "I was thinking we'd set up a bait ship, take it out into the open ocean, and capture whoever attacks it."
Asami says: "Let's do it."
Mako says: "It's not that easy."
Mako says: "For the plan to work, we need the police, and Beifong already said no."
Asami says: "We can make it work, just the two of us."
Mako says: "I don't know."
Mako says: "I don't want to go behind Beifong's back."
Mako says: "If she finds out, I could get kicked off the force."
Asami says: "Mako, I need your help."
Asami says: "My Mom is gone."
Asami says: "My Dad is in jail."
Asami says: "Future Industries is all I have left of my family."
Mako says: "I want to help you, but this is more than a two-person job."
Mako says: "First of all, we'd need a ship."
Both Mako and Asami turn to find Varrick beside them and they recoil in shock.
Varrick says: "You need a ship?"
Varrick says: "I got a ship."
Varrick says: "I want in on whatever you're talking about."
Varrick says: "I love being in on plans."
Asami says: "The less you know, the better."
Varrick says: "Perfect!"
Varrick says: "I love not knowing things."
Mako says: "All right, I'm in."
Mako says: "Let's get these guys."
Cut to the harbor outside Future Industries. An empty cargo is closed, while two mecha tanks lift the cargo on board. Asami and Mako look on from the warehouse, which is filled with mecha tanks and biplanes.
Asami says: "The ship's all loaded with the dummy crates."
Asami says: "Let's get this sting operation going."
Mako says: "Not yet."
Mako says: "We need some extra manpower."
Asami says: "What about Korra?"
Asami says: "No better muscle than the Avatar."
Mako says: "Right, uh..."
Mako says: "Korra."
Mako says: "Yeah, actually, she's um..."
Mako says: "she's out of town right now."
Asami says: "Everything okay with you two?"
Mako says: "Yeah, yeah."
Mako says: "Forget about Korra."
Mako says: "I'll go talk to Bolin."
Cut to Mako's apartment. Mako enters, surprised at the new decorations.
Bolin says: "Hey, Mako, what do you think?"
Bolin says: "I did a little redecorating."
Bolin says: "It turns out that one of the perks of being a star, you get lots of cash."
Mako says: "Is this a marble statue of you?"
Bolin says: "It's also  a hat rack."
Mako says: "We don't even have hats."
Bolin says: "That's because we never had a hat rack."
Bolin says: "And now we do."
Bolin says: "Mako, you seem stressed."
Bolin says: "I think you need to take a little dipity dip."
Mako says: "I don't have time to take a dipity dip, okay?"
Mako says: "I'm trying to catch whoever's been attacking the shipments, and I need your help."
Bolin says: "You need my help?"
Bolin says: "I don't know."
Bolin says: "I'm kinda busy."
Mako says: "You're sitting in a hot tub."
Bolin says: "I'm maintaining my instrument."
Bolin says: "As an actor, my body is my instrument."
Mako says: "Are you gonna help or not?"
Bolin says: "You know, I recall a time when I needed your help, and you basically told me to get a life."
Mako says: "So that's a no."
Mako says: "What am I supposed to do now?"
Bolin says: "Ow!"
Bolin says: "My instrument!"
Cut to outside the Triple Threat Triad headquarters.
Asami says: "Are you sure this is a good idea?"
Mako says: "No, but it's our last resort."
Triple Threat doorman says: "Hey, Mako."
Triple Threat doorman says: "Whatever you think we did, we didn't do it."
Mako says: "I'm not here on police business."
Mako says: "I'm running an off-the-books operation, and I thought the Triple Threats might want a piece of the action."
Triple Threat doorman says: "How big a piece?"
Mako and Asami are now inside the headquarters, seated opposite Viper.
Viper says: "So Mr."
Viper says: "Law and Order needs our help, huh?"
Viper says: "What's in it for the Triple Threats?"
Mako says: "I am personal friends with that Avatar."
Mako says: "I might be able to convince her to give Shady Shin his bending back."
Shady Shin says: "Sounds good to me, boss."
Viper says: "What about the rest of us?"
Asami says: "I've got vehicles, all brand-new and top of the line."
Asami says: "They can be yours if you help."
Viper says: "I think we got ourselves a deal."
Cut to the bait ship in the open sea.
Mako says: "This is right around the area where the attacks happened."
Mako says: "So keep your eyes peeled, and stay quiet."
Two Toed Ping says: "I agree."
Two Toed Ping says: "Keep quiet."
Two Toed Ping says: "Mouth zipped, don't say a word."
Two Toed Ping says: "That's the best thing to do when you're trying to ambush somebody, which is what we're doing here, and it's basically what I'm always doing."
Mako says: "Two Toed Ping, please."
Two Toed Ping says: "Oh, right."
Two Toed Ping says: "So, what's it like dating the Avatar."
Two Toed Ping says: "Come on, Mako, I gotta know."
Mako says: "Ping, stay focused!"
Two Toed Ping says: "What?"
Two Toed Ping says: "What are you so weird about it?"
Two Toed Ping says: "If I was dating the Avatar, I'd tell you all about it."
Mako says: "I broke up with her."
Asami says: "You broke up?"
Asami says: "When?"
Asami says: "Why didn't you tell me?"
Mako says: "I don't know."
Two Toed Ping says: "Yeah, right."
Two Toed Ping says: "You broke up with the Avatar."
Two Toed Ping says: "Like that happened."
Two Toed Ping says: "Hey, Shady Shin, Viper."
Two Toed Ping says: "Mako says he broke up with the Avatar."
Shady Shin says: "Sure he did."
Viper says: "Yeah, I did too."
Mako says: "All right, would you guys knock it off and do your job?"
Cut to the film set of The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Hero of the South."
Cut to the film set of The Adventures of Nuktuk says: "Nuktuk is about to save a bound Ginger while a drill is above them."
Assistant director says: "And action!"
Ginger says: "Forget about me."
Ginger says: "You must capture the evil Unalaq before he gets away."
Nuktuk says: "No!"
Nuktuk says: "I'll never leave you."
Bolin kisses Ginger, much to her surprise and annoyance.
Varrick says: "Cut!"
Varrick says: "There's no kiss in the script."
Bolin says: "It just felts so right."
Ginger says: "Urch."
Varrick says: "It did, huh?"
Varrick says: "Your girlfriend's about to die, and instead of untying her, you kiss her."
Varrick says: "Wait a minute!"
Varrick says: "Maybe that will work."
Varrick says: "Yes!"
Varrick says: "It's genius!"
Varrick says: "Everybody take five."
Varrick says: "Except for you, Zhu Li."
Varrick says: "Grab the tweezers."
Varrick says: "I've got some neck-hair issues to resolve."
Bolin says: "So..."
Bolin says: "that kiss."
Bolin says: "I liked it."
Bolin says: "And it seemed like you liked it too."
Ginger says: "Uch."
Ginger says: "You're confusing Ginger the actress with Ginger the character."
Bolin says: "Okay, okay, I'm sorry."
Bolin says: "I'm totally getting, like, a weird vibe from you right now."
Bolin says: "It's like, a minute ago, when we were shooting, you were into me, but now you're not."
Ginger says: "That's because Ginger loves Nuktuk, not Bolin."
Bolin says: "But Nuktuk is Bolin."
Bolin says: "I'm a hero."
Cut back to the bait ship. Where Ping is talking to Mako and Asami.
Two Toed Ping says: "Two Toed Ping."
Asami says: "Because you have two extra toes."
Two Toed Ping says: "That's right."
Two Toed Ping says: "And there was already a Twelve Toed Ping on the south side."
Mako says: "Wait, guys."
Mako says: "Do you hear that?"
Asami says: "I didn't hear anything."
Two Toed Ping says: "No."
Mako says: "Ah!"
Mako says: "What's taking so long?"
Two Toed Ping says: "You just gotta relax, like me."
Two Toed Ping says: "Maybe try taking your shoes off."
Mako says: "I'm gonna check it out."
Shady Shin says: "So how long do we have to stay out here?"
Viper says: "I told you, it's gonna be a few hours."
Viper says: "What, do you have a hot date?"
Mako hides under the stairs and looks up. Cut to his point of view.
Shady Shin says: "Actually, I do."
Shady Shin says: "And I wanna look my best."
Shady Shin says: "I gotta shower and shave."
Shady Shin says: "I have a whole routine, okay?"
Viper says: "Well, your date's gonna have to wait."
Shady Shin says: "She's not gonna be happy about that."
Viper says: "Too bad."
Shady Shin says: "See?"
Shady Shin says: "This is why I never get dates."
Mako exits the scene. Cut back to Asami watching Two Toed Ping stroking his toe, when Mako gestures her. Asami walks up to Mako.
Mako says: "I just overheard Shady Shin and Viper."
Mako says: "We've been double-crossed."
Mako says: "We have to get off this ship."
They run off, only to be cornered by Viper.
Viper says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Mako knocks the gangsters off with firebending before running off. Both board a speedboat.
Viper says: "Get'm!"
Mako burns off the ropes, causing him and Asami to plunge to the sea. The gangsters pursue them with two speedboats. Mako attacks the speedboats with firebending, but misses. Asami makes a sharp turn, causing Mako to nearly lose his balance. Viper jumps off his speedboat and waterbends ice spikes, but Asami manages to dodge them. He waterbends a geyser, throwing Mako and Asami's speedboat into the air. Both manage to remain in the speedboat as it plunges back to the sea. The chase brought them back to mainland Republic City.
Mako says: "They're getting closer."
Asami says: "Not for long."
Mako says: "Watch out!"
Mako says: "We're not gonna make it."
Mako says: "One down, one to go."
Viper's speedboat cuts through in front of them. Asami swerves off and the engine stalls.
Asami says: "We're stalled."
Vipers speed boat approaches. Mako attempts to firebend at them, but the speedboat crashes, throwing him back while the speedboat is being pushed back. Viper leaps to Mako's speedboat and throws a water pulse at him, but Mako manages to dodge. He prepares another attack, but is stopped by Mako. Mako does a fire kick, which Viper manages to neutralize. Mako throws another two fire blasts, which Viper manages to dodge one and neutralize another. Mako misses his attack and is pushed back to the passenger seat by Viper's waterbending attack. Asami manages to restart the engine.
Asami says: "Mako, hang onto something."
Asami says: "What was that all about?"
Mako says: "Someone paid the Triple Threats to keep us distracted."
Asami says: "Distracted?"
Asami says: "From what?"
Asami says: "Oh no."
Cut to the warehouse of Future Industries. Asami powers up the warehouse, illuminating an empty warehouse.
Mako says: "Whoever paid the Triple Threats stole everything."
Asami says: "I'm ruined."
Asami says: "My company..."
Asami says: "it's over."
Mako says: "We should check out your other warehouses."
Mako says: "Maybe they didn't have time to hit them all."
Asami says: "You don't understand."
Asami says: "Everything I had was in here."
Mako says: "We have to search the place for evidence."
Mako says: "If we can find a lead..."
Asami says: "Mako..."
Asami says: "it doesn't matter anymore."
Mako says: "I can figure this out."
Asami says: "Just stop."
Asami says: "It's over."
Asami says: "I give up."
Mako says: "Well, I'm not giving up on you."
Mako says: "Uh..."
Mako says: "It's-it's okay."
Mako says: "Um..."
Mako says: "Anyway..."
Mako says: "I gotta run."
Mako says: "I'm gonna find out who did this."
Mako says: "And I know just who to ask."
Cut to daytime in the streets where Mako slams Two Toed Ping against a wall.
Two Toed Ping says: "Hey, Mako."
Two Toed Ping says: "Uh, you're not mad about last night, are you?"
Mako says: "Who hired you to double-cross us?"
Two Toed Ping says: "I don't know."
Mako says: "I think you do know."
Mako says: "And you're gonna tell me, or we're gonna have to change your name to "No Toed Ping"."
Two Toed Ping says: "Really, I don't know."
Two Toed Ping says: "You have to believe me."
Two Toed Ping says: "We never met the guy who hired us."
Mako says: "You expect me to believe that?"
Two Toed Ping says: "After you left the hideout, some mook showed up and said his boss would pay us to keep you distracted."
Two Toed Ping says: "We'd never seen him before, and we ain't seen him since."
Two Toed Ping says: "Come on, Mako, you know how these deals work."
Two Toed Ping says: "Please, I would never lie to you with my lucky toes on the line."
Mako says: "Get out of here."
Ping runs off in fear.
Cut to Bolin in his Nuktuk attire eating some popcorn on set. He is approached by Mako.
Mako says: "Bolin, have you seen Varrick around?"
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Mako says: "Nuktuk."
Bolin says: "Yes?"
Bolin says: "Oh, hello, Mako."
Bolin says: "Didn't notice you there."
Mako says: "Where's Varrick?"
Mako says: "I need to ask him something."
Bolin says: "Hmm."
Bolin says: "Can't say that I've seen him."
Bolin says: "But I've been kinda busy, you know, rehearsing for my big scene."
Bolin says: "There's gonna be some crazy  "pyrotechnics"."
Bolin says: "That's mover speak for explosions."
Assistant director says: "We need Nuktuk on set."
Assistant director says: "Running explosion scene."
Bolin says: "Or sometimes we just call them explosions."
Bolin says: "Anyway, wish I could stand around here and chitchat, but you know, I gotta go shoot my big scene."
Cut to Bolin at the scene.
Assistant director says: "Okay, the set is clear."
Assistant director says: "Camera's rolling."
Assistant director says: "And..."
Assistant director says: "action!"
Nuktuk says: "Ginger, stay down!"
Nuktuk says: "I'm coming for you."
Mako watches his brother film his set. Nuktuk runs off, with explosions trailing behind him. Mako looks at the explosions, with each explosion lighting his eyes. Cut to the pyrotechnics technician who is loading explosives when Mako approaches.
Mako says: "How did you rig those explosions to go off like that?"
Pyrotechnics technician says: "Neat, huh?"
Pyrotechnics technician says: "It's a Varrick Industries exclusive."
Pyrotechnics technician says: "Here, check it out."
Pyrotechnics technician says: "The explosions use a remote detonator."
Mako says: "Varrick."
Cut to Future Industries.
Mako says: "Asami, I think I know who set us up."
Varrick says: "Hello, Mako."
Mako says: "What are you doing here?"
Asami says: "Varrick bought a controlling interest in Future Industries."
Asami says: "Isn't that great?"
Varrick says: "Yep, I like to think I'm always there to stand up for the little guy."
Varrick says: "Especially if that little guy can help this guy become a bigger guy."
Asami says: "So what were you saying, Mako?"
Asami says: "You think you know who hired the Triple Threats?"
Mako says: "Yeah, and I'm real close to proving it."
Cut to some tropical island in the Fire Nation where Korra is lying washed up on the beach. She awakes to find three Bhanti tribesmen looming over her.
Korra says: "Get away from me!"
She airbends at the sages, though does not have the strength to keep herself upright and sags down to her knees while panting in exhaustion.
Karu says: "It's okay, we're here to help you, Avatar Korra."
Korra says: "Who's-who's "Avatar Korra"?"
The tribesmen look at each other in apprehension.
Karu says: "What happened to you?"
Karu says: "How did you end up on our island?"
Korra says: "I..."
Korra says: "don't know."
Korra says: "I can't remember anything."
Korra sighs and passes out.
Fades to credits.