The scene opens with a nature shot, a view of a cliffside punctuated by a narrow cleft. Through the crack, a flock of birds scatters as, in the next moment, a massive Earth Empire airship appears through the void in the rock, cutting through the air close to the ground. Cut to a wide shot, showing the closed parts of Zaofu sitting in the foreground at the head of its narrow valley; Kuvira's airships, in the distance, round the bend in the valley and steer toward the city. As the ships advance on the city, the shot cuts to a guard outpost, where one of the guards, seeing the force bearing down on them, whirls around and rushes to a radio, picking it up and speaking urgently.
Guard says: "We have an emergency!"
Shot cuts to Suyin, riding on a train; the frame is focused on her face, facing away from the front window as the train rushes through a tunnel. The shot zooms out, revealing that her twin sons are with her; Baatar walks up to her, grasping a bar for balance as he speaks.
Baatar says: "I'll contact President Raiko."
Baatar says: "He'll send the United Forces."
The train emerges into brilliant sunlight as it exits the tunnel. The four of them look into the distance; Kuvira's forces are massed in the valley, both airships and ground troop.
Suyin says: "Kuvira's already here and she brought her entire army."
After a longer shot of the whole of the force, the shot cuts to the train. Baatar Jr., standing in front of the map of the Earth Kingdom, fixes his cufflinks before turning and joining Kuvira at the window. They look out at the world flying by as the train moves through the countryside.
Baatar Jr.
By this time tomorrow, my mother will have signed the treaty, and the Earth Empire will finally be united.
Kuvira says: "Don't get ahead of yourself."
Kuvira says: "Securing your hometown won't be like every other city."
Baatar Jr.
Turning toward Kuvira, pausing briefly before he speaks; bitter. Zaofu stopped being my home long ago. I'm ready to take it by force.
Kuvira says: "No."
Kuvira says: "The eyes of the world are on us now."
Kuvira says: "We must do this right."
Kuvira says: "That's why we need Bolin."
Baatar Jr.
Do you really think we can rely on him?
Kuvira says: "Su trusts him."
Kuvira says: "She'll listen to him."
The scene cuts to a wide shot of Pepper flying through the air. As Jinora speaks, it zooms, showing Jinora piloting the bison while Korra, Ikki, and Meelo sit back in the saddle.
Jinora says: "Are you sure we should be going to Zaofu?"
Jinora says: "Dad wanted us to bring you back to Republic City."
Korra says: "The world needs to know."
Meelo jumps to his feet, yelling as he balances himself on the saddle.
Meelo says: "Woo-hoo!"
Meelo says: "Avatar fight!"
Meelo says: "This is going to be awesome!"
Korra says: "Meelo, there's not gonna be a fight."
Korra says: "Kuvira saved my dad."
Korra says: "She was a captain in Su's guard; I think she can be reasoned with."
Meelo says: "What?"
Meelo says: "No fight?"
Meelo says: "Why did we go through all that trouble to save you if you're not going to beat someone up?"
Quick cut to Kuvira's train, gliding through the mountains on its track. The scene is shown briefly from the perspective of a camera in Varrick's laboratory in the rear car of the train; Varrick himself has his head shoved into the frame; he looks confused.
Varrick says: "Zhu Li!"
Varrick says: "Is this thing on?"
Zhu Li says: "We're rolling, sir."
Varrick says: "Okay."
Varrick says: "I'm Varrick, of Varrick Industries, International--  --and this is Spirit Vine Experiment 3-02."
Varrick says: "Hand me the thing!"
Zhu Li walks into the frame from the right, carrying a glass tube, within which is a fragment of spirit vine. While Zhu Li, dressed in a white lab coat and protective observation goggles, carries the tube easily, Varrick staggers under its weight as she gives it to him. He waddles over to the machine behind him and places the tube in the machine as Zhu Li checks an electrical connection in the wiring on the floor.
Varrick says: "In this stasis capsule is a preserved spirit vine sample weighing approximately two "Zhu Lis"."
Zhu Li casts a glance at the camera as the view cuts away from the camera's point of view; Varrick walks to the right side of the machine and pulls a lever. As he walks back toward the camera, the machine begins to hum, and the vine in the capsule is enveloped by electric pulses of purplish power.
Varrick says: "I have postulated that these spirit vines are a form of pure energy that's unstable in what we call--  --the Varri-Effect!"
The point of view moves out of the camera as Varrick moves to observe his machine. The vine crackles with energy, a high-pitched hum permeating the room, then a separate glass tube above it begins glowing with the same purplish light.
Varrick says: "Now seven Varricks!"
As soon as the words leave his mouth, the power conduit leading to the glowing battery overloads, and bolts of energy begin to arc along its surface as Varrick stares at it, dumbstruck. The energy dial suddenly shoots to the top of the scale; the light bulbs on the side of the machine shatter as alarms sound.
Varrick says: "Whoa!"
Varrick says: "What is this?"
Varrick says: "What's going on?"
As the hum of the machine rises in pitch, a sudden arc of energy flares from the machine, knocking Zhu Li against the wall with a cry; the point of view jumps back inside the camera as Varrick dives away from the machine. The camera falls onto its side as Varrick yells, climbing toward the camera.
Varrick says: "Zhu Li!"
Varrick says: "Shut it down!"
Varrick says: "There are too many Varricks!"
As the point of view leaves the camera once again, Zhu Li rushes to the lever and pulls it, looking up at the arcing battery. Since nothing happens, she pulls the lever a few more times, to no effect. As she stares, panicked, at the intensely glowing battery, it explodes, sending a focused blast of pure energy through the back wall of the train. A quick outside shot shows the entire rear car of the train being thrown into the air by the shock of the blast. Varrick and Zhu Li are both thrown backward, toward the gaping hole in the car. While Varrick hits a piece of wall and crumples to the floor, Zhu Li tumbles through the hole, screaming as she dangles over the tracks flying by in a blur.
Zhu Li says: "Sir!"
Varrick crawls to the hole and, grabbing both of her hands, tries to pull her back into the train, groaning.
Varrick says: "You're too heavy!"
Varrick says: "You know, you could stand to lose a few Zhu Lis!"
Zhu Li says: "I think you're just weak, sir!"
Zhu Li says: "Pull harder!"
With one last great effort, his eyes bulging with the exertion, Varrick pulls Zhu Li back onto the train. He falls backward as Zhu Li, off balance, falls on top of him. As they realize how they are lying, chest to chest, they look at each other for a moment. Zhu Li, a tiny smile on her face, moves her safety goggles onto her forehead as Varrick looks back into her eyes.
Zhu Li says: "Varrick..."
Zhu Li says: "you saved me."
Varrick says: "Of course I saved you."
As he puts his free hand on the other side of her face, he directs her face toward the wreckage of the car, a sudden change in his demeanor from romantic to his eccentric self.
Varrick says: "I can't clean this place up by myself!"
Varrick says: "Grab a broom!"
As he sits up, Zhu Li leans away from him, looking put out. Kuvira and Baatar Jr., having felt the shock of the explosion, enter the room.
Kuvira says: "What happened?"
Kuvira says: "Were we attacked?"
Varrick says: "No!"
Varrick says: "We were spirit-vined!"
Varrick says: "But don't worry!"
Varrick says: "I'm putting the kibosh on this project."
He slides a lever on the wall down and the greenish light bathing his samples, set into notches in the wall, lessens and goes out.
Kuvira says: "No, you're not."
Kuvira says: "Do you realize what we could do with this kind of power?"
Varrick says: "Yes!"
Varrick says: "I do!"
Varrick says: "And that's why we gotta put an end to it!"
Varrick says: "What if it fell into the wrong hands?"
Baatar Jr.
Arms crossed. Since when does that matter to you?
Varrick says: "It's like I'm..."
Varrick says: "concerned with others."
Varrick says: "And there's this nagging voice in my head constantly telling me what's right from wrong!"
Zhu Li says: "I believe that voice is your conscience, sir."
Kuvira says: "Well, I'm the other voice in your head, and I'm telling you you will continue with this project."
Varrick says: "Sorry, no."
Varrick says: "I just really gotta stand my ground on this one-- Whoa!"
The metal plates that make up the shoulders of his outfit have slid up and tightened around his neck, lifting him into the air. As the frame shifts, Kuvira is shown metalbending. She begins walking him backward, toward the hole in the back of the train.
Kuvira says: "And now there's a voice in my head telling me to drop you on the tracks."
Kuvira says: "Should I listen?"
Varrick says: "No!"
Varrick says: "No!"
Varrick says: "Head voices are liars, what do head voices know?"
Varrick says: "I'll work on the project!"
Varrick says: "Please don't drop me!"
Kuvira smiles. She pulls Varrick back inside the train and he tumbles to the floor in a heap. She steps over his body as she leaves, Baatar Jr. in tow. Zhu Li rushes to Varrick's side and they both watch their superiors leave, anger etched into their faces.
Cut to the Republic City prison building. A zoomed shot shows a stack of letters, their wax seals unbroken, sitting in front of a pair of folded hands. The shot changes to reveal that Asami Sato is sitting at the table, looking down at the letters. A voice breaks the silence and she looks up.
Hiroshi says: "Asami, you came."
Hiroshi pulls out the chair opposite his daughter and sits, the shot showing a bespectacled, somewhat downfallen face; his hair has gone gray. A moment of silence passes between them as they sit facing each other.
Asami says: "I came to return these."
Hiroshi says: "You never opened them."
Asami says: "Stop writing me."
Asami says: "I never want to see or hear from you again."
Hiroshi says: "Please, just let me say one thing, then I'll never contact you again."
Asami stands still for a moment, then sits back down, not looking her father in the eye.
Hiroshi says: "I can't forgive myself for all the horrible things I've done."
Hiroshi says: "And I never expect you to forgive me."
Hiroshi says: "I tore our family apart, and destroyed our good name."
Hiroshi says: "I just want you to know I'm so proud of you, Asami."
Hiroshi says: "You are the greatest thing I ever created."
The tear that threatened to spill while Hiroshi was talking, breaks through and rolls over her cheek. Asami quickly rises and runs from the room without saying a word. Hiroshi watches her leave before hanging his head in sadness. Cut to the train, still speeding through the mountains. Bolin sits in a chair, facing Kuvira and Baatar Jr.. He seems apprehensive.
Bolin says: "Am..."
Bolin says: "I in trouble?"
Kuvira says: "No."
Kuvira says: "In fact, I have good news."
Kuvira says: "We want you to be a part of our inner circle."
Bolin says: "That is a great honor."
Bolin says: "What does it mean, exactly?"
Kuvira says: "It means you've proven your worth."
Kuvira says: "We're so close to uniting the Empire, but Su has some resentment towards me and Baatar that might cloud her judgment and stop her from making a wise decision."
Kuvira says: "We believe you can help her see clearly."
Bolin says: "I can do that!"
Bolin says: "By the time I'm finished telling her all the great things we've done, she'll be begging to join!"
Kuvira says: "Good."
Kuvira says: "Because we're here."
Kuvira metalbends the shades on the windows up, letting outside light pour into the car. Sitting in the bottom of the valley below are Kuvira's forces. Bolin looks at the massive army for a moment before turning back to Kuvira.
Bolin says: "Aren't all these troops gonna send the wrong message?"
Kuvira says: "The army is here to project strength."
Kuvira says: "You're here to present peace."
A wide tracking shot follows the train as it moves on its elevated track toward Zaofu. Cut to inside the city; a set of double doors opens wide and Kuvira, Baatar Jr., and Bolin enter the room. The view zooms out and turns around to reveal Baatar Sr., Suyin, Wei, Wing, Huan, and Opal facing the intruders. Opal, who is sitting on the large table in the center of the room which carries the scale model of Zaofu, stands upon their entrance, her hands on her hips.
Opal says: "No!"
Opal says: "You've chosen your side."
Bolin says: "Sides?"
Bolin says: "There shouldn't be sides!"
Bolin says: "I know, why don't we all stand in a circle, huh?"
Bolin says: "Maybe hold hands?"
Suyin says: "I'm not giving up Zaofu."
Suyin says: "I don't care if you brought your entire army."
Kuvira says: "Su, I didn't bring my army to threaten you."
Kuvira says: "I wanted to show you all that your son and I have accomplished."
Suyin says: "You must realize what you're doing goes against everything your father and I tried to teach you."
Baatar says: "Son, you belong here."
Baatar Jr.
Bitterly. Why? So that I could go on living in your shadow?
The view cuts to a side shot of Baatar's look of astonishment and Suyin's visible anger.
Suyin says: "Don't say that!"
Suyin says: "Can't you see she's brainwashed you!"
Kuvira says: "Ha!"
Kuvira says: "I didn't brainwash him!"
Kuvira says: "I set him free!"
Kuvira says: "And now he's accomplished more with me than he ever could with you."
Bolin says: "Saw it last month!"
Bolin says: "We went to this town that had nothing."
Bolin says: "Most of the people there had never seen a Satomobile before."
Bolin says: "Now, they have two Satomobiles, running water, and a magnet train that goes right through their town!"
Bolin says: "I mean, how awesome is that?"
Opal says: "They might have been happy when you first arrived, but I've seen what happens after you leave."
Opal says: "Citizens are forced to work as slave labor, dissenters are sent off to who-knows-where!"
Bolin says: "You're wrong, Opal!"
Bolin says: "Now, I don't know what you think you've seen, but I am giving you the one-hundred-percent Bolin guarantee that we're making the Earth Empire a better place to live!"
Suyin says: "I can't believe you brought Bolin here to try and sway us."
Suyin says: "Leave!"
Suyin says: "Zaofu will never accept you as their leader!"
Kuvira says: "Then you leave me no choice."
Kuvira says: "You have twenty-four hours to agree to join the Empire, or we take the city by force."
Quick cut to Bolin, who looks astonished by Kuvira's sudden ultimatum. The scene changes back to Pepper, still airborne. Cut to Korra and Meelo, the latter perched on the front of the saddle, looking into the distance with the aid of a spyglass. He cries out suddenly.
Meelo says: "I see it!"
Meelo says: "Zaofu!"
Meelo says: "We made it!"
Meelo says: "And a bunch of other people are here, too."
Korra says: "Oh, no."
Korra says: "I hope we're not too late."
Cut to the same room as in the previous scene where Korra opens the door, followed by the airbender kids. The family in the room looks at her silently for a moment.
Suyin says: "Korra?"
Suyin says: "I can't believe it, where have you been?"
Suyin says: "You disappeared; everyone was so worried!"
Korra says: "I'll tell you the whole story later."
Korra says: "Right now, I want to help you stop Kuvira."
Korra says: "What can I do?"
The scene changes to Kuvira's tent in the encampment in the valley. Inside, Kuvira sits at her desk, while Baatar Jr. and Bolin stand in front of her. Bolin seems a bit on edge.
Bolin says: "You were just bluffing, right?"
Bolin says: "I mean, you're not really gonna attack Zaofu..."
Bolin says: "are you?"
Kuvira says: "When people don't cooperate, we must find other ways of convincing them to join."
Bolin says: "Other..."
Bolin says: "ways?"
Bolin says: "How many..."
Bolin says: "times have we used these "other ways" in the past?"
Kuvira says: "It's not for you to worry about."
Bolin says: "So, uh..."
Bolin says: "what does happen to all those towns and villages after we leave?"
Bolin says: "I just realized I'd never really..."
Bolin says: "gone back and..."
Bolin says: "checked on them."
Kuvira says: "Those people are my loyal subjects, and they contribute to the Empire however I see fit."
Kuvira says: "Now that you're in the inner circle, you're going to have to accept some hard truths."
Bolin says: "Maybe..."
Bolin says: "I'm not really an "inner circle" kind of guy."
Bolin says: "Or--or maybe, we don't take over Zaofu!"
Bolin says: "Maybe we can just--let them be on their own, and then, "Yay!"
Bolin says: "The Empire's united!"
Bolin says: "Congratulations to us!"
Bolin falters, cowering as Kuvira advances on him angrily.
Kuvira says: "I didn't know your personal feelings for Opal were stronger than your loyalty to me."
Kuvira says: "Zaofu will join us."
Kuvira says: "The only thing I'm second-guessing is my decision to bring you along."
Kuvira says: "Maybe you need to spend some time in a reeducation camp."
Bolin says: "I..."
Bolin says: "thought that's where we sent people to learn new trade skills."
Baatar Jr.
Unsympathetically. Hard truths, Bolin.
Kuvira says: "Your loyalty seems to be wavering."
Bolin says: "No--no, I'm totally on your side, completely, one-hundred-percent loyal."
Bolin gives a hearty salute, while Kuvira, skeptical, glares down at him. Cut to the Zaofu metalbending courtyard, where Korra and Suyin stand in darkness.
Korra says: "How did things get so bad between you and Kuvira?"
Korra says: "I thought she was your protégé."
Suyin says: "She was more than that."
Suyin says: "She was like a daughter to me."
Suyin says: "I took her in when she was eight years old and nourished her talents."
Suyin says: "Kuvira was smart, a natural leader, and quickly rose through the ranks."
Suyin says: "I saw myself in her."
Korra says: "What happened?"
Suyin says: "Three years ago, after the fall of the Earth Queen, Raiko and Tenzin came to see me."
The scene sinks into Suyin's memory of the meeting. Suyin and Kuvira stand at the head of the room, while Raiko and Tenzin sit on the sofas on either side of the room.
Raiko says: "The Earth Kingdom is in chaos."
Raiko says: "There's a vacuum of power, and I'm concerned about what will happen if someone doesn't take control of the situation."
Suyin says: "And you think I should be the one?"
Tenzin says: "You're the perfect person to take charge."
Tenzin says: "The world leaders trust you, and, as a Beifong, you have credibility in the Earth Kingdom."
Suyin says: "I'm honored that you thought of me, but I'm not interested in imposing my ideals on an entire nation."
Suyin says: "I'm afraid I can't help you."
Kuvira says: "Suyin, I know this isn't my place, but I think you should do this."
Kuvira says: "Zaofu has always been a beacon of modern progress, and now you can share that with everyone."
Suyin says: "What would you have me do?"
Suyin says: "March into Ba Sing Se with an army?"
Suyin says: "We'd be seen as conquerors and greeted with nothing but war."
Kuvira says: "There are already wars."
Kuvira says: "The Earth Queen nearly destroyed our nation."
Kuvira says: "This is our opportunity to change things."
Suyin says: "It's not going to happen."
As Suyin turns away from Kuvira, her face fills with hurt, then ices over with resolve. In the present, Suyin is still speaking to Korra, but the scene stays in the past, where Suyin is walking across a vast platform toward a line of airships.
Suyin says: "I didn't realize it at the time, but that moment put a rift between us."
Suyin says: "Kuvira turned my own son against me, and together they plotted behind my back."
Kuvira and Baatar Jr. are standing near the airships, taking boxes on board. As Baatar Jr. walks away, Suyin walks up behind Kuvira.
Suyin says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Kuvira says: "We're doing what you don't have the guts to do: We're going to Ba Sing Se to help bring order back to the Earth Kingdom."
Suyin says: "No!"
Suyin says: "You will stay here!"
Kuvira says: "And who's going to stop me?"
Kuvira says: "Your security force was more than happy to join my cause."
Kuvira says: "They're some of the best fighters in the world, and they are tired of being treated like exotic birds in your cage."
Suyin says: "If you leave now, you will never be welcomed back."
Kuvira says: "When I choose to return, it'll be on my own terms."
As Suyin speaks in the present again, the shot shows the propellers of the airships beginning to spin. The shot changes to Suyin watching as her airships rise into the sky, then fades back to the present.
Suyin says: "Raiko and the other world leaders made her the provisional head of the Earth Kingdom."
Suyin says: "When she refused to step down, I knew it was only a matter of time before she made her way back here."
Korra says: "I want to fix this."
Suyin says: "You can."
Suyin says: "Go into the Avatar State and demolish her entire army."
Suyin says: "Remove Kuvira from power once and for all."
Korra says: "Fighting is something the old me would do."
Korra says: "That always made things worse."
Korra says: "Let me talk with Kuvira."
Korra says: "Maybe I can reason with her."
Suyin says: "Kuvira doesn't listen to reason."
The scene moves to Avatar Korra Park in Republic City; a variety of different people are doing exercises on mats, walking and talking, or sitting under the statue of Korra which stands in the center of the area. Asami sits on a bench, alone. Hunched over, she sits up straight and looks at the two people at a stone table in front of her. A young girl, dressed in green, is playing Pai Sho with her father. She makes a few moves with a tile, then sits back and smiles at him. The man reaches over and takes his daughter in his arms. Asami smiles softly. The scene cuts to Varrick's workshop, where Varrick is leaned over the railing on the upper level, as Zhu Li stands behind him, making tea.
Varrick says: "I can't believe Kuvira locked me in here like a prisoner!"
Varrick says: "I'm not feeling well!"
Varrick says: "I think I'm running out of air!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, hold your breath!"
Zhu Li says: "I'm not holding my breath."
Varrick says: "Great!"
Varrick says: "Now we're both gonna die!"
As Varrick hangs his head, a noise of creaking metal and a whisper permeate the room; Varrick lifts his head.
Bolin says: "Varrick?"
Bolin says: "Varrick?!"
Bolin says: "!"
Varrick says: "Ahh!"
Varrick says: "And the head voices are back!"
Varrick is looking at Zhu Li, who points a finger up at the ceiling. Varrick turns his head up and sees Bolin's head poking through a hatch in the top of the car.
Varrick says: "Bolin!"
Varrick says: "Thank goodness you're here!"
Varrick says: "Where did that hatch come from?"
Varrick says: "Forget the hatch!"
Varrick says: "There's something important I gotta tell ya!"
Bolin says: "Well, there's something important I gotta tell you, too!"
He falls through the hatch, landing on his feet, and as he turns to Varrick. They both take each other's shoulders in a fervent panic.
Varrick says: "Kuvira's crazy!"
Bolin says: "Kuvira's crazy!"
They stare at each other for a split second, then talk frantically.
Bolin says: "How'd you find out?"
Varrick says: "When I refused to build her a superweapon, she threatened my life!"
Bolin says: "She threatened me, too!"
Bolin says: "And she's threatening Zaofu and it turns out, she's been threatening villages this whole time!"
Bolin says: "We gotta get outta here."
Varrick says: "I couldn't agree more, kid."
Varrick motions to Zhu Li with a finger. As Bolin watches, she mounts a table next to the wall and jumps up through the hatch. Varrick walks toward Bolin, his hands raised. Zhu Li's hands appear above Varrick, grasp his hands, and pull him upward in a flash. Bolin promptly mounts the same table Zhu Li used and makes his own escape through the hatch. The view changes to a wide shot of the encampment before focusing on Korra, who is walking with Baatar Jr. They stop, and Baatar Jr. speaks.
Baatar Jr.
We have an unexpected guest. The Avatar is here to see you.
The view pans left to show Kuvira standing with two of her soldiers. She nods to them and they leave her. She then turns and walks over to Korra.
Kuvira says: "Korra, it's such an honor to see you again."
Kuvira says: "The last I heard, you were still healing in the South Pole."
Korra says: "Well, I'm feeling much better now."
Kuvira says: "That's wonderful news."
Korra says: "I'm here to ask you to back down."
Korra says: "Please."
Korra says: "Take your army and leave."
Kuvira says: "I think we both know that's not going to happen."
The two women exchange a long, inhospitable stare.
Korra says: "I can't let you take Zaofu."
Kuvira says: "Look, I was tasked with bringing stability to the Earth Kingdom."
Kuvira says: "Zaofu is the last holdout."
Kuvira says: "Why should I treat it differently than any other state?"
Korra says: "What you're doing isn't right!"
Kuvira says: "I understand you're just trying to do Su a favor, but you can't come to me as I am on the verge of reuniting my nation and tell me to stop."
Kuvira says: "The world was descending into chaos while you were gone."
Kuvira says: "In order to fix it, I had to make some tough decisions."
Korra says: "I know what that's like."
Korra says: "I've had plenty of people mad at me about decisions I've made."
Kuvira says: "Exactly."
Kuvira says: "Korra, if you really want to help, go back to Su and try to talk some sense into her."
Kuvira says: "Let's call a temporary truce."
Kuvira says: "I won't make any moves until you talk to her and get back to me."
Korra says: "Maybe that will be for the best."
Cut to the platform, where Baatar Jr. walks up to the door of Varrick's cart, guarded by two soldiers.
Baatar Jr.
Have you seen Bolin?
Guard #1.
He came by to see Varrick, but we turned him away.
Baatar Jr.
He gets a suspicious look in his face. Open the door.
Cut to inside the cart, where Baatar Jr. and the two guards stare at the still-open ceiling hatch.
Baatar Jr.
We have some fugitives to catch.
Cut to just the mountains bordering Kuvira's camp, with the army and Zaofu in the background. Three mecha tanks walk uphill, away from the army. One of them stops and turns around, watching over the camp, and tries to come up with a strategy.
Bolin says: "Okay, I say we go up and around the mountains--  --and sneak into Zaofu from the rear."
Varrick and Zhu Li also stop, turn around and open their helmets.
Varrick says: "We're not going to Zaofu, that place is doomed!"
Varrick says: "We gotta head to Republic City!"
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "No, nonono, we gotta help here."
Varrick says: "We'll be helping by warning the world about Kuvira's potential superweapon!"
Bolin says: "Hmm."
Bolin says: "Let me think about this."
He suddenly gets zapped by lightning and tumbles off his feet. Three mecha tanks are charging down on them, one of them piloted by Baatar Jr.. He lunges toward Varrick, who lets out a yell and ducks back into the safety of his cockpit. Zhu Li steps in front of him, arms raised. A massive cloud of dust rises as Baatar Jr. lands with crushing force. As it clears, Zhu Li stands firm, holding his fist back with both hands, having caught Baatar Jr.'s attack. He is tackled by Bolin, leaving Varrick and Zhu Li free to fend off the other two tanks. With a ferocious snarl on her face, Zhu Li's helmet slams shut, before boxing with one of the other mecha tanks and knocking it backward. She shoots a bola and catches the other tank off guard as it was charging at Varrick, who is lying on the ground, his helmet opening and closing quickly.
Varrick says: "That's not the flamethrower!"
Varrick says: "What idiot designed these things?"
Zhu Li says: "You did, sir!"
Varrick says: "Less lecturing, more saving my life!"
She turns just in time to catch a punch from a tank in the head, hard enough to make her fly backward a good distance. To stop sliding, she jams a spike into the ground and uses her momentum to swing around on one leg, kicking the other tank in the chest with enough force to throw it into a tree. The shot pans around to show Baatar Jr. throwing Bolin's tank around. Baatar Jr. uses the hand piston to punch Bolin's tank onto its back temporarily. Bolin is slightly groggy from the blow, but quickly regains his senses and sees Baatar Jr. leap for him. He opens the tank, rolling out a split second before Baatar Jr. lands and completely crushes the suit. Bolin earthbends at Baatar Jr., but the former uses cables to jump out of the way of the flying stones. Twisting in midair, Baatar Jr. retracts one of the cables, allowing his free arm to operate the flamethrower. Bolin rolls out of the way of the stream of fire and bends up some cover for himself.
In the background, Zhu Li is holding off the other two pilots on her own, while her boss is up in a tree, struggling with the controls of the mecha tank.
Varrick says: "Hey!"
Varrick says: "I think I figured it out!"
Zhu Li throws away one of her attackers and Varrick aims to shoot him with lightning, but shoots Zhu Li instead, knocking her over.
Zhu Li says: "Sir, you're making this very difficult."
She is picked up and thrown around, while to scene goes back to Baatar Jr. and Bolin, who is still covering from Baatar Jr.'s flamethrower. Bolin launches the boulder at his former boss, giving him time to roll away and uproot a big tree, bringing it down on Baatar Jr.
Meanwhile, Varrick is forced to flee his tank as it was entangled by a bola and in the clutches of an enemy tank. As he tumbles out, the other pilot throws Varrick's abandoned suit down and gives chase. Camera pans to the right where Zhu Li is gaining the upper hand now that she only has one opponent. She punches him back and launches cables into the ground around him, reeling herself in to kick her opponent hard. She opens her helmet and sees that Varrick is being chased up a mountain by the other mecha tank. She shoots a cable around a boulder, launching it at the mecha tank attacking Varrick, successfully knocking the suit off the cliff. Zhu Li moves in to knock him out permanently, but a bolt of lightning strikes her, knocking her down. Scenes cuts to a frontal shot of Zhu Li's former opponent charging at her while Varrick's aggressor gets up as well.
Bolin, who was on higher ground, jumps off a small cliff, yelling angrily, and uses his lavabending to trap the two other tanks who were fighting Zhu Li. Zhu Li manages to jump out of the way of the wave of lava in the nick of time and her opponents are forced to abandon their vehicles as they melt into the lava. As Bolin traps them with earthbending against the wall, Baatar Jr.'s voice rights out and the camera pans upward to reveal him standing on the cliff, the visor of his tank down, holding Varrick by the head over the edge of the cliff.
Baatar Jr.
Stop! Turn yourself over, or else ...
Varrick says: "Thanks a lot, Zhu Li."
Zhu Li's face contorts in anger as she averts her gaze, gritting her teeth. The scene cuts back to the prison where Asami is sitting at a table; a guard is escorting Hiroshi into the room. He sits at her table.
Hiroshi says: "You came back."
Asami says: "When I first came here, it was because I wanted to tell you face to face that I never wanted to see or hear from you again."
Asami says: "I wanted my words to hurt you so that you would know how you hurt me."
Hiroshi says: "I'm sorry."
Asami says: "But when I saw you, it wasn't anger I felt."
Asami says: "It was sadness."
Asami says: "You tainted our past and destroyed our future together."
Hiroshi says: "I want to make amends."
Asami says: "I'm not sure I'll ever be able to forgive you."
Asami says: "But that doesn't mean I shouldn't try."
She reaches down to her bag and pulls out a small Pai Sho board.
Asami says: "I thought we could play some Pai Sho."
Asami says: "Like we used to."
Hiroshi says: "Nothing..."
Hiroshi says: "would make me happier."
Fade away while they start their game.
Cut to Kuvira's camp, where Baatar Jr. leads Varrick, Zhu Li, and Bolin through a doorway. The troopers push them through the entrance and they find themselves, to their horror, facing a furious Kuvira.
Bolin says: "Don't..."
Bolin says: "torture us."
Zhu Li says: "Please!"
Zhu Li says: "Have mercy on me!"
Zhu Li says: "Don't send me away!"
Zhu Li says: "Take me back!"
Kuvira says: "Why would I?"
Zhu Li says: "--because I thought he possessed the most brilliant mind in the world."
Zhu Li says: "But when I met you, I realized I was wrong."
Zhu Li says: "Compared to you, Varrick's a fool."
Varrick says: "Hey, come on!"
Varrick says: "I'm right here!"
Zhu Li says: "I believe in everything you've done, and I believe in your vision."
Zhu Li says: "I want to devote my life to you."
Zhu Li says: "I pledge my allegiance to you, Great Uniter."
Kuvira says: "You two could learn something from her."
Kuvira says: "Rise, Zhu Li."
Kuvira says: "I'll give you another chance."
Varrick says: "Think about what you're doing!"
Varrick says: "We're partners!"
Varrick says: "We have history!"
Zhu Li says: "Guards, do the thing!"
Varrick says: "No!"
Varrick says: "Not the thing!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li!"
The door slams shut as Varrick and the guards exit. Cut to Suyin's garden in Zaofu, where Baatar is anxiously pacing back and forth. Korra runs up to him.
Korra says: "Where's Su?"
Korra says: "I have to talk to her."
Baatar says: "She's not here."
Baatar says: "She took Wing and Wei."
Baatar says: "They're going to sneak into Kuvira's camp and put an end to this."
Korra says: "No!"
Roll credits.