The scene opens to Zaofu, where Korra is sparring with Wing. He fires two meteorites at her, but she dodges them and sends her metal cable at him. He dodges it twice, traps it on the ground, and bends it back at her. The impact of the cable knocks Korra to the ground.
Wei says: "I can't believe I'm stuck with her friend."
Camera angle changes to an aerial view of the practice area and Wing earthbends a trail toward Korra who jumps and dodges. Bolin stands in front of Wei.
Bolin says: "Hang on, I think I got it."
Bolin says: "Let me just try this."
Wei says: "Trial by fire."
Wei says: "It's the best way to learn metalbending."
Wei says: "Agh!"
Mako says: "But I thought you were supposed to be practicing metalbending, not earthbending."
Bolin says: "Mako, metalbending is extremely difficult."
Bolin says: "No one gets it right away, if they can get it at all!"
Bolin says: "It's not normal!"
Korra says: "Metalbending champion!"
Bolin says: "Oh sure."
Bolin says: "She's the Avatar."
Asami says: "Guys, it's time to get cleaned up."
Asami says: "Tonight is Opal's farewell dinner."
Cut to Opal's farewell dinner, as the chef walks over and gives Opal her plate.
Opal says: "Thanks for making my favorite meal."
Chef says: "I'm really going to miss you, Opal."
Chef says: "No one appreciates my raw veggie wraps like you do."
Bolin says: "Every time I eat raw kale, I'm going to think of you."
Opal says: "You're so sweet."
Bolin says: "This stinks!"
Bolin says: "We were just starting to get to know each other, and now you're off to the Northern Air Temple."
Opal says: "We'll be together soon."
Opal says: "You guys are coming up after finding more airbenders, right?"
Bolin says: "Yeah, but that's..."
Bolin says: "in the future."
Bolin says: "Ugh, I hate the future!"
Opal says: "Until then, we'll always have kale."
Varrick says: "Kid, can I give you some relationship advice?"
Bolin says: "Umm, no."
Varrick says: "Well, your loss."
Asami says: "it's broken."
Mako says: "Uh, not because of you."
Aiwei says: "I can tell you're lying."
Mako slumps in his chair and sips his drink with an embarrassed expression, as Suyin taps her glass to get everyone's attention. A metallic object tapping against the glass three times is heard. Camera pans back to the middle of the table again and Suyin has stood up with a glass raised.
Suyin says: "Everyone, if I could have your attention please?"
Suyin says: "Tonight, my beautiful little girl leaves for the Northern Air Temple."
Scene fades to the docking bay at sunset and Opal's airship taking off. Cut to Opal standing at the window of the ship and waving goodbye to her family and friends. Camera angle changes to an aerial view of the docking bay where a small crowd is looking up at the airship and some are waving to Opal. Cut to Kuvira behind the group as she pulls out a radio from a metal bag near her hip.
Lin says: "We'll head out first thing in the morning."
Bolin sighs solemnly and follows her leave, as Korra walks next to him, with her arm resting on his back in comfort. The duo walks away and the metal petals of the city start to close. Cut to an aerial view of all of Zaofu where all the metal flowers close in harmony. Scene changes to a Zaofu guard patrolling the guest houses at night. Cut to an aerial view of the surrounding parks and the guests houses as various guards walk up and down the perimeter. Below, we can see a small group running across a trail in the park toward a bridge. Cut to Zaheer and his gang quietly peering out from under the bridge. In the background, a guard has a metallic staff in hand and he looks down at the bridge for a few seconds before walking off. Zaheer waves his hand and signals to everyone to continue moving forward. Cut to another guard patrolling the sheltered walkway as the bad guys use the cover of darkness to sneak past the walkway undetected. They head toward a guest house in the far end. Cut to Bolin in his pajamas with a blanket over him in his bed, snoring. Pabu is curled up on top of the blanket and the fire ferret perks up with a squeak.
Bolin says: "Kale, kale, kale..."
Bolin says: "Opal..."
Pabu wakes up. The fire ferret leaps off the bed and hops over to the nearby window sill and looks out, noticing the four criminals. He paws against the glass and squeaks loudly in alarm in an attempt to wake his owner jolting Bolin awake.
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "Pabu, sleep!"
Back outside the window says: "Korra's."
P'Li says: "Korra's."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Korra's."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Korra's."
Back outside the window says: "They crouch down beside it, and Ming-Hua raises a water tentacle up and forms a small sickle at the end."
P'Li says: "They crouch down beside it, and Ming-Hua raises a water tentacle up and forms a small sickle at the end."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "They crouch down beside it, and Ming-Hua raises a water tentacle up and forms a small sickle at the end."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "They crouch down beside it, and Ming-Hua raises a water tentacle up and forms a small sickle at the end."
Back outside the window says: "She uses the ice sickle to scratch the glass and carves a hole into the window with water bending."
P'Li says: "She uses the ice sickle to scratch the glass and carves a hole into the window with water bending."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "She uses the ice sickle to scratch the glass and carves a hole into the window with water bending."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "She uses the ice sickle to scratch the glass and carves a hole into the window with water bending."
Back outside the window says: "Cut to the inside of the room that Ming-Hua is attempting to break into and we see Naga sleeping in front of the bed."
P'Li says: "Cut to the inside of the room that Ming-Hua is attempting to break into and we see Naga sleeping in front of the bed."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Cut to the inside of the room that Ming-Hua is attempting to break into and we see Naga sleeping in front of the bed."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Cut to the inside of the room that Ming-Hua is attempting to break into and we see Naga sleeping in front of the bed."
Back outside the window says: "Camera pans right to Korra in her pajamas, deeply asleep."
P'Li says: "Camera pans right to Korra in her pajamas, deeply asleep."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Camera pans right to Korra in her pajamas, deeply asleep."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Camera pans right to Korra in her pajamas, deeply asleep."
Back outside the window says: "Camera returns back to the sickle on the window as it makes a complete circle."
P'Li says: "Camera returns back to the sickle on the window as it makes a complete circle."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Camera returns back to the sickle on the window as it makes a complete circle."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Camera returns back to the sickle on the window as it makes a complete circle."
Back outside the window says: "Water encases the cut glass and it pulls away quietly off-screen."
P'Li says: "Water encases the cut glass and it pulls away quietly off-screen."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Water encases the cut glass and it pulls away quietly off-screen."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Water encases the cut glass and it pulls away quietly off-screen."
Back outside the window says: "Another water tentacle arm holding three red darts is soon raised."
P'Li says: "Another water tentacle arm holding three red darts is soon raised."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Another water tentacle arm holding three red darts is soon raised."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Another water tentacle arm holding three red darts is soon raised."
Back outside the window says: "Naga awakens and growls, but she is quickly knocked out by shirshu-spit darts."
P'Li says: "Naga awakens and growls, but she is quickly knocked out by shirshu-spit darts."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Naga awakens and growls, but she is quickly knocked out by shirshu-spit darts."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Naga awakens and growls, but she is quickly knocked out by shirshu-spit darts."
Back outside the window says: "Korra wakes up to the sound of her whimpering, as Zaheer bends a blast of air into the window."
P'Li says: "Korra wakes up to the sound of her whimpering, as Zaheer bends a blast of air into the window."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Korra wakes up to the sound of her whimpering, as Zaheer bends a blast of air into the window."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Korra wakes up to the sound of her whimpering, as Zaheer bends a blast of air into the window."
Back outside the window says: "She avoids it and jumps out of her bed, attempting to firebend, but she is hit by a dart as she lands."
P'Li says: "She avoids it and jumps out of her bed, attempting to firebend, but she is hit by a dart as she lands."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "She avoids it and jumps out of her bed, attempting to firebend, but she is hit by a dart as she lands."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "She avoids it and jumps out of her bed, attempting to firebend, but she is hit by a dart as she lands."
Back outside the window says: "Ghazan and P'Li enter and pick her up as she loses consciousness."
P'Li says: "Ghazan and P'Li enter and pick her up as she loses consciousness."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Ghazan and P'Li enter and pick her up as she loses consciousness."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Ghazan and P'Li enter and pick her up as she loses consciousness."
Back outside the window says: "Back to Bolin's room, as Pabu leaps onto the bed to get his owner's full attention."
P'Li says: "Back to Bolin's room, as Pabu leaps onto the bed to get his owner's full attention."
Ghazan ducks down an alley between two guest houses while Zaheer says: "Back to Bolin's room, as Pabu leaps onto the bed to get his owner's full attention."
Ming-Hua hide under a window. Zaheer directs his gang onward to the adjacent bedroom window says: "Back to Bolin's room, as Pabu leaps onto the bed to get his owner's full attention."
Mako says: "They've got Korra!"
An alarm begin to blare loudly, and two guards activate the spotlights and direct their beam down on the criminals.
Ming-Hua says: "So much for the element of surprise."
Ghazan says: "Back-up plan."
P'Li turns and fires a blast at each spotlight before curving a third around the pillar Mako and Bolin are using for cover, sending them flying to land outside Asami's door. She runs out to help them.
Mako says: "We can't let them take her."
Asami says: "I don't think they're going to get far."
Asami says: "Look!"
One of Zaofu's guards attacks the group, but is easily overpowered. The criminals try to flee, but are stopped in their tracks as they are surrounded with slabs of metal, bent by Lin Beifong. Wei and Wing add onto the pile, backed up by Kuvira and more guards.
Kuvira says: "We have you surrounded."
Kuvira says: "It's over."
Kuvira says: "Release the Avatar!"
Lava begins to flow out from underneath the pile, evidently bent by Ghazan. Lin uses a rock pillar to propel herself away from the deadly lava, and Kuvira and another guard do the same with their metal cables. The metal cage holding the criminals slowly falls apart under the magma.
Bolin says: "No way!"
Bolin says: "That guy is lavabending!"
Bolin says: "That's awesome..."
Bolin says: "ly not good for us."
The Beifong estate courtyard has become a battleground. The Metal Clan and Team Avatar are pinned down by P'Li while Ghazan and Ming-Hua protect her from retaliatory attacks. Cut to the point of view of Korra, who has regained consciousness but is still paralyzed.
Zaheer says: "I'm going to create some cover."
Zaheer says: "We've got to get out of here!"
He begins to airbend a mask of smoke from Ghazan's lava but is caught by the wrist by a cable of one of the guards, who is able to reel Zaheer off the platform. Ghazan sends a lava bomb at the guard who breaks cover to go after Zaheer, but it is blocked by another guard with a metal slab. Bolin, Mako, Lin, and Asami take cover together behind a slab of metal in order to avoid the criminals' attacks, firing off some of their own. P'Li notices them and arcs a combustion blast to hit them, but it is blocked just short of connecting by another metal slab bent by Suyin and her twin sons, who join them.
Suyin says: "I don't know, but we're not letting them escape!"
They look over, as three guards use more metal slabs to create a bridge to get to the criminals. Ghazan knocks the guards off with earthbending.
Asami says: "There's no way to cross that moat."
Suyin says: "We don't need to cross it."
Suyin says: "Lin and I can drop in from the dome on cables."
Suyin says: "She's a combustionbender."
Suyin says: "If one of you can stun her, her powers will be knocked out temporarily."
Mako says: "Bolin can land a shot."
Bolin says: "I can?"
Suyin says: "You have to take her out right before we drop down."
Bolin says: "I do?"
Cut to the top of the dome.
Wing says: "Open the hatch."
Suyin says: "If we get in trouble, metalbend us up."
Wing says: "We're in position."
Mako says: "Copy that."
Mako says: "It's Bolin time."
Bolin says: "All right."
Bolin says: "Bolin time."
Bolin says: "Bolin time!"
Bolin says: "I can't get a clean shot!"
Mako says: "You have to!"
Wing says: "Are we a go?"
Mako says: "No go!"
Wing says: "Copy that, we're a go."
Mako says: "I said no!"
Mako says: "Wait!"
Mako says: "Bolin, take the shot!"
P'Li  grins and gets ready to fire as Bolin gets up and quickly launches a tiny pebble at her. The pebble hits her dead-centre in her third-eye tattoo, knocks her head back, and causes her attack to explode right above her team. The explosion knocks the criminals down. Cut to Mako who cheers on the success of Bolin's attack, which allowed Suyin and Lin to land safely.
Mako says: "Haha, nice job, little bro!"
Lin picks up Korra and travels with her sister back up toward the dome. Ming-Hua traps her leg with water, but Mako blasts fire at her to break her hold and divert her attention. Meanwhile, Zaheer is busy fighting two guards, but looks up and sees Lin escaping with Korra.
Zaheer says: "No!"
Zaheer flies up on his glider in pursuit of Lin. He blasts air at the chief, but she manages to avoid it. Just as Zaheer is about to reach her, Suyin swings Lin out of the way and metalbends the metal shards that make up her necklace at the glider, piercing its wings, and sending Zaheer spiraling down. Cut to a frontal shot of the sisters as they continue their ascend.
Lin says: "Thanks."
Switch back to an overhead shot of Zaheer's descend. As he nears the his companions, he folds his gliders and lands safely next to his team using his airbending.
Zaheer says: "We've failed!"
Zaheer angrily airbends a huge cloud of smoke; when it clears, the lava has cooled, and there is no sign of them. Cut to the top of the dome.
Lin says: "Where did they go?"
Suyin says: "They can't be far!"
Suyin says: "Guards, search the entire estate!"
Cut to Suyin's office, where Korra lies on the couch, waking up.
Aiwei says: "the shirshu toxins."
Aiwei tilts the bottle so some of the liquid flows into Korra's mouth. Cut to a side-view of Korra's hand as it slowly twitches and she lifts a finger. Cut to a wider view of the Beifong sisters looking down on the Avatar. Suyin rests her right hand on her chest in relief, though Lin angrily turns to her half-sister, her fists clenched to her sides.
Lin says: "secure places in the world."
Suyin says: "It is."
Suyin says: "I don't know how this happened."
Suyin says: "Obviously this was a well-planned operation, so  don't blame me."
Kuvira says: "We searched the entire estate."
Kuvira says: "There's no sign of them."
Lin says: "Well, keep looking!"
Aiwei says: "It would seem they had some inside knowledge of Zaofu."
Aiwei says: "They must've been working with someone."
Korra says: "the guards."
Korra says: "It had to be one of them."
Aiwei says: "I agree."
Suyin says: "Question them all!"
Suyin says: "Whoever betrayed my city will suffer the consequences!"
Suyin storms off and view changes to the open petal city at day time. Cut to an interrogation room, as Aiwei is seated at one end of a small table, with a guard at the next. Shot gradually shifts as Aiwei asks each question, indicating an elapse of time.
Aiwei says: "What is your full name?"
Zhu Guan says: "My name is Zhu Guan."
Second guard says: "I was patrolling the south wall of the Beifong estates."
Third guard says: "I have absolutely no knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap Korra."
Aiwei looks back at Lin and shakes his head, signaling that this man is not the culprit. Korra looks at Lin defeatedly and Lin nods to Aiwei to question the next suspect. Cut to a view of Varrick's hands on the table.
Varrick says: "What was I doing last night?"
Varrick says: "thirty minutes of breath holding."
Varrick says: "I filmed the whole thing if you want to watch it."
Cut to Aiwei with a hand on his head. Korra has a hand on her mouth and she looks like she is about to laugh. Mako pinches his nose bridge from annoyance. Suyin has two hands clasped in front of her mouth.
Aiwei says: "That won't be necessary."
Varrick and his assistant leave the interrogation room and close the door behind them.
Lin says: "Maybe it wasn't a guard after all."
Lin says: "Maybe it was someone a little higher up the food chain."
Lin says: "Aiwei, why don't you question Su?"
Korra says: "Lin, stop!"
Korra says: "Your sister was not involved!"
Aiwei says: "What is your full name?"
Suyin says: "Suyin Beifong."
Suyin says: "I'm the daughter of Toph and  the only sister to Lin, and I had nothing to do with the attack last night."
Aiwei says: "the truth."
Korra says: "This is a waste of time!"
Korra says: "Just bring in the next guard!"
The next guard walks in and sits down.
Aiwei says: "Give me your name and tell me where you are from."
Hong Li says: "I'm Hong Li."
Hong Li says: "I was born and raised here in Zaofu."
Aiwei says: "Do you have any knowledge of the people who tried to kidnap the Avatar?"
Hong Li says: "No."
Aiwei says: "Did you help the attackers enter Zaofu last night?"
Hong Li says: "No, of course not."
Aiwei says: "You're lying."
Suyin says: "How did they get in and out?"
Suyin says: "Where are they now?"
Hong Li says: "I don't know!"
Hong Li says: "I'm telling you, I didn't help them!"
Suyin says: "You're a traitor to the entire clan!"
Aiwei says: "I suggest we search his place."
Hong Li's eyes widen and quiver with fright. Cut to an apartment complex which is Hong Li's house, as they search for evidence. Cut to the inside of an apartment with Team Avatar and Aiwei searching for clues. Bolin walks to the kitchen and opens the oven before closing it in disappointment. He stands up and opens a small cupboard above. Cut to Mako's hands separating some papers on a desk and he picks up a small written note.
Mako says: "I got something!"
Mako says: ""Team assembled."
Mako says: "Ready to rendezvous."
Asami says: "And look at this."
Aiwei says: "These are the guards' logbooks."
Aiwei says: "All their schedules and routes are in here."
Korra says: "That guard knows everything."
Korra says: "We have to get him to talk."
Mako says: "Let's go confront him with this evidence right now."
Aiwei says: "No."
Aiwei says: "Let's give him a little time to sweat it out."
Aiwei says: "He will talk eventually."
Aiwei walks away. Cut to Mako who forms a slightly suspicious look on his face as he watches the truth seer leave. Location changes to an overhead view of Team Avatar checking out the cooled down moat from last night. Naga is walking around, sniffing the rocks. A few Zaofu guards watch over the crime scene.
Mako says: "I don't understand why we're not talking to that guard right now."
Mako says: "Every minute we waste here, those guys get further away."
Mako says: "I mean, how does a random guard get involved with a group of super criminals anyway?"
Asami says: "What do you mean?"
Mako says: "That guard is only eighteen years old and has lived in Zaofu his entire life."
Mako says: "Zaheer and his gang have been in prison for more than thirteen years."
Korra says: "I don't know, but we all saw the evidence."
Korra says: "It's pretty overwhelming."
Varrick says: "Maybe a little too overwhelming?"
Bolin says: "Hey, Varrick."
Bolin says: "What are you doing here?"
Varrick says: "Collecting pumice stones with Zhu Li."
Varrick says: "That lavabender did a lot of damage, but he makes a nice exfoliating rock, and when you got callouses like mine, you take all the pumice stones you can get your hands on."
Varrick says: "Or in my case, feet."
Varrick laughs, as Zhu Li rubs a stone against his foot, to Team Avatar's disgust.
Mako says: "What were you saying about the evidence?"
Varrick says: "I was saying that I can smell a conspiracy when I see one."
Varrick says: "Look, if I was trying to set someone up, I would tell everyone he's guilty and then plant the evidence in his apartment as proof."
Mako says: "Oh, you mean exactly like what you did to me?"
Varrick says: "Yes, just like that!"
Varrick says: "Remember how great that worked?"
Varrick says: "Well, not for you."
Mako says: "You're right."
Mako says: "All the evidence points to this guard, but maybe he's just the fallback."
Bolin says: "But for who?"
Mako says: "For the only person who can truly keep a secret in this city: Aiwei."
Cut to Team Avatar, outside Aiwei's house. Bolin peeks into the window.
Bolin says: "He's not home."
Bolin says: "Or he's hiding in there."
Bolin says: "Probably just not home."
Mako says: "We have to get in there and find some evidence that links Aiwei to Zaheer, otherwise Su won't believe us."
Asami says: "It's just an empty book."
Bolin says: "Hmm, it's like a desert on a jar."
Mako says: "Bolin, put that back!"
Mako says: "We don't want Aiwei to know we were in here if we can't find anything."
Korra says: "What do you think is down there?"
Bolin says: "Could be a storage cellar."
Mako says: "Or it could be how Zaheer got in and out."
Asami says: "Aiwei's coming back!"
Asami says: "Quick."
The trio run off of the stairs and slide the bookshelf back where it was, as Aiwei enters.
Aiwei says: "What are doing in my house?"
Aiwei says: "You are trespassing on the property of one of the highest-ranked officials in the city."
Aiwei says: "You'd better have a good explanation."
Bolin says: "We do."
Bolin says: "We do."
Bolin says: "We actually knocked on your front door and we thought we heard you say,  I don't even know why I'm saying that."
Bolin says: "You know I'm lying, and you don't even sound like that."
Korra says: "We came here because things weren't adding up, and we thought you might have some answers."
Aiwei says: "Now, what is not adding up exactly?"
Aiwei says: "Hong Li was clearly lying and we found evidence in his apartment."
Mako says: "But don't you think it's weird how young he is?"
Mako says: "How did he ever get mixed up with this group?"
Aiwei says: "Perhaps through a relative, or maybe he was bribed."
Aiwei says: "We will find out those answers in time."
Aiwei says: "But if wasn't him, who do you think it was?"
Asami says: "We don't know."
Aiwei says: "You don't think I had something to do with this, do you?"
Korra says: "We're just looking for answers."
Aiwei says: "And you think you've found something, don't you?"
Aiwei says: "You have no idea what is coming for you, Avatar."
Aiwei metalbends his stairs upward. Mako firebends at the new wall, but it has no effect. Korra metalbends into the wall, but only makes a small rupture.
Mako says: "Come on, he's getting away!"
Korra says: "I'm still a little new at this, so back off!"
Korra says: "Ugh!"
Mako says: "He's gone."
Korra says: "Look, he must've escaped through there!"
Korra says: "Help me clear it out."
Bolin and Korra do so with earthbending to reveal a tunnel entrance, as Lin and Suyin run into the room.
Lin says: "What happened?"
Lin says: "We heard an explosion."
Suyin says: "Where's Aiwei?"
Korra says: "Your trusted adviser is the one who betrayed us."
Korra says: "He was lying about the guard."
Suyin says: "What?"
Suyin says: "No!"
Korra says: "We confronted him and he bolted through here."
Lin uses seismic sense on the tunnel.
Lin says: "He must have collapsed the tunnel behind him."
Mako says: "And he rigged an explosion to destroy any evidence that might have been here."
Korra says: "This is where Zaheer got in and out."
Korra says: "Aiwei was the traitor."
Suyin says: "I..."
Suyin says: "trusted him."
Kuvira says: "Is everyone okay?"
Lin says: "Aiwei is a fugitive."
Lin says: "Get all available guards to search the mountainside, and find out where this tunnel exits immediately!"
Kuvira obeys, and Lin walks over to comfort her sister. Cut back to Suyin's office, where the Beifong sisters and Team Avatar are sitting. Kuvira runs to the door.
Lin says: "What did you find?"
Kuvira says: "We located the end of the tunnel, but there's no sign of him."
Kuvira says: "Just some fresh tire tracks."
Mako says: "He had an escape plan all ready to go."
Suyin says: "I trusted him with my life."
Suyin says: "I thought we were family, but it was all a lie."
Mako says: "Whoever these guys are, they're more powerful than we thought, and more dangerous."
Korra says: "That's why we have to find them."
Korra says: "We're going to hold off our search for airbenders and hunt down Aiwei."
Korra says: "Naga can track his scent."
Asami says: "And I bet if we find Aiwei, we'll find Zaheer."
Lin says: "No!"
Lin says: "We're not hunting this group."
Lin says: "There could be other secret agents in other parts of the world looking for you right now!"
Lin says: "I'm taking you back to Republic City, where I can protect you."
Korra says: "If I wasn't safe here, then I'm not safe anywhere."
Korra says: "I have to stop them!"
Lin says: "It's too dangerous!"
Lin says: "You are not going!"
Korra says: "Stop trying to protect me!"
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar."
Korra says: "This is my job!"
Lin says: "Don't lecture me about jobs!"
Suyin says: "Enough!"
Suyin says: "Korra, listen to Lin."
Korra says: "But..."
Korra says: "they..."
Suyin says: "Please."
Suyin says: "Lin's only looking out for you."
Suyin says: "I promise you, Aiwei and everyone he's working with will be brought to justice."
Korra says: "Fine, if you really think it's best."
Suyin says: "I do."
Lin says: "Thank you, Su."
Suyin says: "Everyone should get some rest tonight."
Suyin says: "I'll have my people prep your airship and you can leave first thing in the morning."
Cut to Team Avatar's apartment. There's a knock at the door. Korra opens it to find Suyin.
Korra says: "Su."
Suyin says: "You really think Naga could track Aiwei?"
Korra says: "Definitely."
Suyin says: "Then, here."
Suyin says: "There's a jeep packed with supplies on the east gate."
Suyin says: "It's all gassed up and ready to go."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Why?"
Suyin says: "Because I want you to hunt down Aiwei and bring him back to me."
Suyin says: "I said what Lin wanted to hear and I bought you guys some time."
Suyin says: "Go."
Suyin says: "I'll deal with Lin in the morning."
Korra says: "Let's get this guy!"
Korra says: "Thanks."
Cut to Korra, riding on Naga, with the rest of Team Avatar in the jeep behind her. Cut to credits.