The camera shows a zoomed up shot of Air Temple Island before sliding to the left and showing Pabu jumping out of his hiding place around a corner, running toward a snoozing Naga. Pabu playfully pounces on and bites Naga's tail; Naga ignores Pabu, not moving until an audible groan sounds from above them. Naga and Pabu look up to see Pepper descending toward the ground, Korra waving from the front of the saddle.
Korra says: "Naga!"
Naga, wagging her tail, sprints off toward the courtyard; Pabu bites onto Naga's tail as she takes off running, and he streams out behind her as Naga runs. As Pepper lands, several other ring-tailed flying lemurs land on a nearby rooftop; Korra, jumping off Pepper, airbends herself herself to the ground, smiling before Naga lifts her off the ground. She licks Korra excitedly, before circling around behind her.
Korra says: "I missed you so much, girl!"
Meelo and Ikki run past Korra and Naga.
Meelo says: "Mom!"
Meelo says: "Dad!"
Meelo says: "We're back!"
Meelo says: "And we got Korra!"
As they run past, Bumi approaches from the right, Bum-Ju floating along behind him.
Bumi says: "Bum-Ju and I sure missed you."
Korra says: "It's so great to see you again, Bumi."
Korra says: "And you too, Bum-Ju."
As Bum-Ju whistles happily, the scene cuts to Meelo and Ikki, running up to Tenzin and Pema as they enter the courtyard.
Tenzin says: "I'm proud of you all for finding Korra."
Meelo says: "Proud enough to get me my tats?"
Tenzin says: "No."
As Pema stifles a laugh with her hand, Tenzin walks over to Korra, giving her a hug.
Tenzin says: "Welcome home."
Korra says: "I missed you, Tenzin."
As they separate, Opal walking up behind them, Tenzin speaks, more seriously.
Tenzin says: "Now, I hate to get right down to business, but I want to hear what happened in Zaofu."
The happiness evaporates, and an awkward silence hangs over the group, punctuated only by Bum-Ju's twittering. Bumi finally speaks, seriousness mingled with sarcasm.
Bumi says: "Way to ruin the moment."
Opal says: "Kuvira's whole army was there."
Opal says: "She captured Mom, Dad, and my brothers."
Korra says: "I thought I was strong enough to stop her."
Korra says: "I feel like such a failure."
Tenzin says: "No one expected you to handle Kuvira on your own."
Tenzin says: "It's up to all of us to find a way to deal with her."
Tenzin says: "We're just glad to have you back."
Bumi says: "Where's Bolin?"
Bumi says: "He's not still on Kuvira's side, is he?"
Opal says: "I can't believe he would stay with her after what she did to my family."
Opal says: "But we don't know where he is."
Cut to a close-up of Bolin with unkempt hair, who is panting. The scene zooms out to reveal him carrying Varrick, who has unkempt hair and a stubble, on his back.
Bolin says: "How about you use your own legs for a while?"
Varrick says: "You know, when I fled Republic City with Zhu Li, she carried me twenty miles in one day."
Varrick says: "And that was after she sprained her ankle."
Bolin says: "Well, Zhu Li's not here, okay?"
Varrick says: "That's fine, leave me here, let the worms gobble me up."
Varrick says: "I deserve it."
Bolin says: "No way mister!"
Bolin says: "You're not getting off that easily."
Bolin says: "You're responsible for that weapon Kuvira is trying to make."
Bolin says: "Which, may I remind you, could hurt a lot of people."
Varrick says: "No, don't remind me!"
Varrick says: "I know, I'm a horrible, horrible person!"
Bolin says: "and march with me out of this forest!"
Bolin says: "Oh, great, my feet could use a break."
Bolin says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Bolin says: "!"
Cut to Republic City, where Asami is reading a magazine of Future Industries. She smiles when she sees Korra.
Korra says: "I hope you haven't been waiting long."
Asami says: "Only three years."
Asami says: "It's so good to see you again."
Korra says: "You too."
Asami says: "And I'm loving the hair."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Korra says: "You're looking snazzy as always."
Asami says: "Come on."
Asami says: "Mako got us a table at the restaurant."
They walk to the restaurant, where Mako is leaning against a booth.
Mako says: "Korra!"
Korra says: "Hi, Mako."
Wu says: "this guy's boss."
Wu says: "I bet he's told you a lot about me."
Korra says: "Nope."
Korra says: "Not a thing."
Wu says: "Gotta keep this princely skin hydrated."
Asami says: "I thought it was going to be the three of us."
Mako says: "Sorry, but I couldn't ditch him."
Mako says: "But he promised to be on his best behavior."
Wu says: "Hey, pop into the Avatar State for me."
Wu says: "I want to see your eyes glow."
Asami says: "So can you go into the Avatar State again?"
Asami says: "I was worried when you told me you couldn't."
Mako says: "Wait, when did she tell you she couldn't?"
Mako says: "What's going on with you two?"
Korra says: "I wrote to Asami while I was away."
Korra says: "I asked her not to tell you."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Mako says: "Well, why didn't you ever write to me?"
Mako says: "Or Bolin?"
Korra says: "I don't know."
Korra says: "I guess..."
Korra says: "I didn't know what to say."
Mako says: ""Hello" would have been nice."
Wu says: "Mako, if it makes you feel any better, she didn't write me either."
Mako says: "Never mind."
Korra says: "I'm sorry I didn't stay in touch, but I'm back now."
Korra says: "And I wanna know everything about what's been going on with you two."
Asami says: "Well, I kind of have some big news."
Asami says: "I went to visit my father for the first time."
Asami says: "He had been writing me letters and I guess I finally felt ready to try and forgive him."
Korra says: "You sure you can trust him?"
Korra says: "He might just be manipulating you again."
Asami says: "You think I don't know what my own father is capable of?"
Korra says: "No, I didn't mean..."
Asami says: "You don't get to disappear for three years and then act like you know what's best for me!"
Korra says: "It's not like I planned to be gone for that long, I wanted to come back, but I never felt ready until now."
Wu says: "As much as I'm enjoying this little catch-up, my royal bladder is about to explode."
Wu says: "Mako, come on, I need you to stand guard."
Mako says: "I'm not gonna hold your hand every time you have to empty your "royal bladder"."
Mako says: "Go to the bathroom on your own for once."
Korra says: "Do you always go to the bathroom with him?"
Mako says: "I don't go with him, with him, I just stand there in the general vicinity while he..."
Mako says: "I don't wanna talk about it."
Wu walks into the bathroom, where an attendant is waiting.
Bathroom attendant says: "Good afternoon, Sir."
Bathroom attendant says: "Perhaps a spritz of cologne, to freshen up?"
Wu says: "Make it a double, buddy!"
The attendant covers his mouth and nose with the towel he is holding and sprays Wu with a red vapor. Wu starts coughing heavily.
Cut to Bolin and Varrick who are trying to escape from the net, bu to no avail.
Bolin says: "I wish Pabu were here."
Bolin says: "He could just chew us out of this."
Varrick says: "You know who else has incisors sharp as a knife?"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li..."
Ahnah says: "Well look what we caught."
Ahnah says: "Wonder if they were tracking us after we escaped."
Bolin says: "Hello fellow travelers!"
Bolin says: "I don't suppose you can help us out of this net?"
Ahnah says: "Why would we free a couple of lowly Earth Empire soldiers?"
Varrick says: "Lowly?"
Varrick says: "We were part of Kuvira's inner circle!"
Bolin says: "Were, not anymore!"
Bolin says: "Please, just, let us out!"
Baraz says: "I know just what to do with a couple of Kuvira's top men."
Baraz firebends a dagger and cuts through the rope of the net with it.
Cut back to Republic City, where food is being served at the table while Wu is not back yet.
Mako says: "I wonder what's taking Wu so long."
Mako says: "He's not one to miss out on lunch."
Mako says: "I'll go check on him."
Korra and Asami give each other a worried look, while Mako walks off.
Mako says: "Wu, are you in here?"
Mako says: "Come on, your octopus fritters are getting cold."
Cut to Korra and Asami waiting outside, when Korra spots the bathroom attendant walking past with a cart full of laundry bags.
Korra says: "I'll be right back."
She walks out the back of the hotel, where the attendant is dumping the load of laundry into the back of a van.
Korra says: "Excuse me, did you happen to see if Prince Wu came out this way?"
Bathroom attendant says: "Sorry miss, I haven't seen him."
The pile of laundry bags moves and Wu rolls out, semi-conscious.
Wu says: "Hmm, I'm in laundry..."
Korra gets an angry look on her face, but before she can do anything, the attendant bends the ground under her to launch her into the ceiling. He runs to the front of the van and, while his coworker slams the back doors shut, drives off. Mako and Asami run out to check on Korra.
Korra says: "They've got Wu!"
Korra says: "Get the car, I'm going after them!"
The van speeds out of the alley next to the hotel and Korra is not far behind. She launches a fissure its way, but the van jumps over and keep on driving. Asami pulls up next to her in a blue roadster.
Asami says: "Get in!"
Korra jumps in the car and Asami guns it. The van makes a sharp turn and the attendant bends up a wall to block them. Asami manages to steer clear of the wall just in the nick of time.
Korra says: "We're losing them!"
Mako says: "Hang a right at the next block."
Mako says: "We can cut them off on Seventh."
Top down shot shows the roadster going straight on.
Mako says: "You missed the turn!"
Mako says: "Where are you going?!"
Mako says: "!"
Asami says: "I know these streets better than you."
Asami says: "I built some of them!"
They drive up the elevated freeway and the van comes into view below them. Korra stands up.
Mako says: "What are you doing?"
Mako says: "Sit down!"
Korra jumps off the car and onto the van, catching herself with airbending. She metalbends the roof open, only to find the van empty, save for the bathroom attendant.
Korra says: "Where is he?"
She jumps in, pulls the guy from behind the wheel with airbending, and stamps on the brakes, skidding the van to a halt next to a couple of spirit vines. Korra pulls him out.
Korra says: "Wu's not here."
Korra says: "This guy was the only one in the truck."
Mako says: "Where's the prince?"
Bathroom attendant says: "Halfway to Kuvira by now."
Bathroom attendant says: "All hail the Great Uniter."
Asami says: "They must have moved Wu to a different vehicle when we lost sight of them."
Mako says: "Take this guy in for booking."
Mako says: "Charge him with kidnapping and tell Chief Beifong that Prince Wu is missing."
Mako says: "Put out an all-points bulletin."
Mako says: "We'll keep looking."
Asami says: "Where do we start?"
Asami says: "There are thousands of cars in the city and he could be in any one of them."
Mako says: "Or they might try smuggling him out on an airship."
Asami says: "Or maybe a boat."
Mako says: "He could be anywhere!"
Mako says: "The one time I don't watch him pee and this is what happens."
Korra says: "They're taking Wu to the train station!"
Asami says: "Are you sure?"
Asami says: "How do you know?"
Korra says: "I'll explain on the way, just drive!"
Korra says: "We're running out of time!"
Cut to Varrick and Bolin, whose hands are tied together, while Ahnah bends water into her pouch.
Bolin says: "So how did a bunch of water and firebenders end up in one of Kuvira's reeducation camps?"
Ahnah says: "Call it what it is: a prison."
Baraz says: "Kuvira's been purging states of anyone who's not of Earth Kingdom origin and locking them up."
Bolin says: "Purging?!"
Bolin says: "!"
Baraz says: "What are you acting so surprised for?"
Baraz says: "You must have known what she was up to, being part of her "inner circle" and all."
Bolin says: "No, I swear!"
Bolin says: "And the inner circle thing lasted like, less than a day!"
Varrick says: "Will you at least tell us where you're taking us?"
Baraz says: "The border checkpoint."
Baraz says: "You're gonna help us talk our way past some Earth Empire soldiers."
Ahnah says: "And once we're through, we'll see about letting you go."
Bolin and Varrick shoot each other a meaningful look, when Varrick jumps up as Bolin sends a wave of earth around, knocking everyone down. He quickly turns the ground in front of him into a pool of lava, holding everyone at bay.
Varrick says: "Lava time!"
Varrick says: "Bet you didn't expect that!"
Bolin says: "Look, I'm sorry for what happened to all of you, but as I've been trying to explain, we don't work for Kuvira anymore."
Varrick says: "Yeah."
Varrick says: "If our handsome mugs get recognized trying to go through that checkpoint, we're goners!"
Baraz says: "If you really are fugitives, you better listen up."
Baraz says: "We've been scouting this region for days."
Baraz says: "There's a wall stretching along the entire border and patrols guarding every part of it."
Baraz says: "That checkpoint is the only way out."
Ahnah says: "It's not worth the risk, Baraz."
Ahnah says: "How do we know they won't turn us in?"
Baraz says: "If he wanted us gone, we'd be at the bottom of a pool of lava right now."
Baraz says: "If any of us want to get out of the Earth Empire alive, we'll have to trust each other."
Bolin says: "All right, where is this checkpoint?"
Cut back to Republic City, where Asami is high-tailing it on their way to the train station.
Mako says: "So, how do you know where Wu is just by touching some spirit vines?"
Korra says: "I learned how to connect to people's energies through them."
Asami says: "Who taught you that?"
Korra says: "Lin's mom."
Korra says: "I found her in the swamp, that place is like one giant spirit wild."
Asami says: "You met Toph?"
Asami says: "What was she like?"
Korra says: "A cranky, more miserable version of Lin."
Mako says: "Is that even possible?"
Korra says: "You'd be surprised."
They arrive at the train station, where they get out of the car. Asami slips on a modified version of the chi blocking glove as they make their way inside. They arrive on a bridge over the platforms and see many trains parked.
Mako says: "Which train is Wu on?"
Korra says: "I don't know!"
Mako says: "Split up and start looking."
Cut back to the Earth Empire, where Bolin, Varrick, and the prisoners approach the heavily guarded gate. Bolin and Varrick have made themselves look somewhat respectable again and the prisoners are tied together with rope around their wrists.
Bolin says: "Follow my lead."
Guard post soldier says: "Good afternoon, sir."
Guard post soldier says: "Can we help you?"
Bolin says: "You sure can."
Bolin says: "We captured these escaped prisoners."
Bolin says: "We need to get them to a secure facility."
Guard post soldier says: "Where did they escape from?"
Bolin says: "Camp fourteen."
Guard post soldier says: "Then why are you bringing them through here?"
Guard post soldier says: "Camp fourteen is the other way."
Bolin says: "You think we don't know where Camp fourteen is?"
Bolin says: "Kuvira wants them transferred."
Guard post soldier says: "Then I'll need to see the transfer order."
Bolin gives Varrick a worried look and Varrick moves up to the guard.
Varrick says: "Listen pal!"
Varrick says: "I had to fight off two badgermoles, six wolfbats and eighteen hog monkeys to capture these guys, so sorry if I don't have the paperwork!"
Varrick says: "I was too busy cramming it in a hog monkey's mouth, while it was trying to eat me!"
Varrick says: "I am in sore need of a shower and I have blisters that are the size of cantaloupes and twice as juicy!"
Varrick says: "So you can let us through, or you can give us your name and rank and I'll make sure to pass it on to Kuvira!"
Varrick says: "You know what happens to soldiers who question her orders, don't you?"
Varrick says: "Bad stuff!"
Guard post soldier says: "Let them through!"
Two guards metalbend the gates on either side of the wall down and they walk through. Inside the wall, there is a guard working in a booth, where there are wanted posters of Varrick and Bolin. He recognizes them as Varrick waves to him and runs out to stop them.
Guard #2.
Wait! Stop them, they're traitors to the Empire!
They all start running, but are halted by two mecha tanks that jump down from the top of the gate and land in front of Bolin and Varrick. They find themselves surrounded by four mecha tanks and four earthbenders.
Baraz says: "There's no way I'm going back to prison!"
He makes a little dagger from his middle fingers, cutting through the rope on his wrist, and shoots fire at the soldiers, who throw up cover for themselves. They shoot the rocks back at the prisoners, who defend themselves with their fire and waterbending. Bolin and Varrick are under attack by a mecha tank, which attempts to mow them down with its flamethrower. Bolin throws up cover for them, but Varrick still crawls away.
Baraz is fighting a mecha tank as well, dodging its punches. Ahnah comes to his aid and bends her water into a slab of ice, causing the running tank to slide. Baraz blow it back with a few fire blasts, but the tank uses the spikes in its calves to stabilize and break the through ice. It shoots lightning, forcing Baraz and Ahnah apart, before shooting its flamethrower at Baraz, who holds his own with his firebending.
Bolin shoots a few boulders at two mecha tanks going after him, which yields no result. So he creates a pool of lava, but the tanks jump over it, cornering Bolin. Varrick, who is hiding underneath the gate, behind a wall, sees how a waterbender is knocked down. He and spots some sort of generator inside the booth. With a screwdriver he unscrews a table leg and wraps a length of electrical wire around it.
Bolin is still fighting the tank, but it continues to nimbly dodge the lava benders attacks. Finally, with a fissure, he manages to knock one of the tanks down, but another one is right there to shoot a bolt of lightning at him. He launches himself out of its path and continues the fight.
Meanwhile, Varrick has created an electromagnetic pulse, which he hooks up to the generator. Nobody pays him any attention, seeing how they are busy fighting off the benders. Bolin get trapped by three mecha tanks who all shoot fire at him, which he blocks with a wall of earth, but he is unable to escape.
Varrick says: "Boy, I sure hope this works."
He pushes a lever and the stick sends out an electromagnetic pulse, destroying all the electronics in the mecha tanks, causing them to fail, just as they were about to kill Bolin and Baraz. It takes everyone by surprise.
Varrick says: "We're clear, come on!"
Bolin says: "Varrick, wait, we can't leave them!"
He jumps over his wall and runs up behind the prisoners, just as one is knocked down. Bolin creates a massive pool of lava, forcing the guards back to the gate.
Guard post soldier says: "Retreat!"
Bolin bends the lava all the way to the gate and hoses the wall with it, securing the knowledge the guard will not follow them.
Baraz says: "Thanks."
Baraz says: "You didn't have to come back."
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "I kind of did."
Bolin says: "Let's go!"
The scene shifts back to the train station, where people are standing around in conversation.
Over the PA says: "The 4:15 bound for Omashu is now leaving on track number six."
Over the PA says: "All aboard!"
Mako is frantically searching for Prince Wu. The scene changes over to Korra's search. Asami walks over to her.
Asami says: "If we don't find Wu soon, we might never find him."
Korra leans down and places her palm on the floor of the train station. The area around her hand glows yellow as she feels for Wu's energy.
Korra says: "He's on that train!"
Korra, Asami, and Mako barely manage to jump on the train as it speeds away. They enter a train car with a few passengers sitting at tables against the walls of the car.
Mako says: "How do you know for sure he's here?"
Korra says: "I don't."
Korra says: "But I had a feeling, okay?"
Mako says: "And I'm just supposed to trust your "Avatar Feelings"?"
Korra says: "You wouldn't have to if you had guarded the prince like you were supposed to."
Korra and Mako storm out of sight. Two passengers from opposite sides of the car glance over to each other looking ready. Asami opens the door to the next train car. The three enter a cabin sprinkled with luggage.
Mako says: "Oh, so it's my fault Wu disappeared."
Korra says: "It's certainly not mine!"
A red chest rattles behind Asami.
Asami says: "Guys, shh."
Asami says: "Listen."
Their attention is brought to the red chest after it rattles again. Mako walks up and bends down. He opens the lid and Prince Wu pops up, shouting and flailing.
Mako says: "Wu!"
Mako says: "Wu, it's me."
Wu says: "Mako?"
Wu says: "Where am I?"
Wu says: "Am I dead?"
Mako says: "No, you're on a train."
Mako says: "We're gonna get you out of here."
The train car door is opened by the passengers who had shared a look earlier. The man fires metal bands at Korra, but she easily deflects them. In turn, she creates a tornado of air and sends it flying at the pair of attackers. It causes them to hit the ceiling and fall to the ground. More attackers come running from the train car in front and in the back. Korra metalbends the front door shut, blocking an attacker. She rips apart the ceiling, exposing a cloudy blue sky.
Korra says: "Everyone out."
Wu says: "I'm not going up there."
Korra sticks out her lip, annoyed by Wu's unwillingness to cooperate. Cut to an exterior shot of the train as Wu flies out of the open roof, being lifted by an air blast. He lands on the roof of another train car with Korra, Mako, and Asami following right behind him. The group runs to the end of the train. Asami and Korra make it over fine, but Mako has to pass Wu over to Korra before finally getting over himself. Two more attackers bust through the door and see the prince getting away. They shoot metal cables to the roof, flinging themselves up to Korra, Asami, Mako, and Wu. Mako attempts to get rid of them, but is tripped by a metal cable shot to his foot. The attacker shoots a cable at Korra, who wraps it around her arm. Even more attackers arrive on the roof. Asami quickly defends herself by kicking an attacker's punch out of the way and shocking him with her glove, flinging him back. Another assailant adjacent from Asami begins to metalbend the roof, curling it in on Asami. On the opposite side of the train car, Mako kicks up from the ground and at the same sends fire from his foot, which forces the attacker that had Korra's arm, back. Mako punches at him and the attacker does a backhand spring onto the train car behind him. He metalbends the roof up, too, just like on the other side. Mako steps backward as his footing is being taken away. Mako, Wu, Asami, and Korra all move in together as the roof is being peeled up. Korra bends a sphere of air around the group, grabbing Asami and Wu.
Korra says: "Jump!"
They leap from the train just in time to avoid being crushed. They all scream as they hurdle toward the ground in the air shell. The shell hits the ground to the side of a bridge. The team grunts as they roll to a stop on the dusty ground. The train continues its pace toward the Earth Empire. Asami and Mako stand up, while Korra and Wu remain sitting on the ground. Mako walks over and picks up Wu.
Mako says: "You all right?"
Wu says: "You are definitely getting a raise, Buddy."
Mako says: "You should be thanking Korra."
Mako says: "We never would have found you with out her."
Wu says: "How about I take you out for a night on the town?"
Korra says: "Really?"
Korra says: "You're asking me out right now?"
Korra says: "How about a never?"
Korra takes her hand back from Wu and walks over to Asami and Mako.
Korra says: "Not exactly what I imagined for our first day back together."
Asami says: "But it was kind of like old times."
Asami says: "Except for the getting on each other's nerves part."
Mako says: "Actually, that is like old times for me and Korra."
Korra says: "I'm sorry things got so tense earlier."
Asami says: "It's all right."
Asami says: "I guess after being apart for three years, there's bound to be a bit of an adjustment period."
Mako says: "Yeah, but it's great to have you back."
Korra says: "There's no place else I'd rather be."
The three hug each other and Wu walks over ready to join in, too. However, Korra sticks her hand out and holds the prince at bay with a hand to his cheek. Unable to come closer, Wu places his hands on Mako's shoulders, while the three friends share a close embrace.
Wu says: "You guys are the greatest friends a guy could have."
They break apart into a circle again, this time Wu is included.
Korra says: "So, what are we gonna do with him?"
Korra says: "It's too dangerous to take him back to the hotel."
Wu says: "Whoo!"
Wu says: "You're telling me!"
Wu says: "I need a cushy safe house somewhere."
Mako says: "I think I know just the place."
The camera displays an elaborate estate; a dazzling landscape with several courtyards, gardens, towers, and lots of space. The camera zooms in to Mako, Asami, Korra, and Wu on the front porch of the mansion. Gigantic windows litter the façade, allowing plenty of light into the mansion.
Wu says: "Nice digs, Mako."
Wu says: "You didn't tell me you came from money."
Mako says: "I don't."
Mako says: "This is Asami's place."
Mako says: "She was nice enough to let my family stay here after they fled Ba Sing Se."
The big wooden door opens and Mako's grandmother, Yin, steps onto the porch.
Yin says: "Mako!"
Yin says: "It's so wonderful to--  Are you..."
Mako says: "Grandma, this is Prince Wu."
Mako says: "He needs to stay with you and the family for a little while."
Wu takes one knee and grabs Yin's hand.
Wu says: "It's an honor, Grandma Mako."
Wu kisses Yin's hand and she faints gracefully, being caught by Mako.
Mako says: "She loves royalty."
The scene changes to a bay area surrounded by open water and rocks. The setting sun is making the sky a orange. Next to a long dock is a beat up looking red and white, wooden boat with several escaped reeducation campers aboard. The boat is in poor shape. On the dock, Baraz and Ahnah are facing Varrick and Bolin.
Bolin says: "I know it might not mean much coming from a guy wearing this uniform,  but I'd like to apologize for what Kuvira's put you through."
Baraz says: "I appreciate that."
Bolin shakes his hand.
Bolin says: "Guess this is where we part ways."
Varrick says: "It's been a blast!"
Ahnah says: "We're heading north too."
Ahnah says: "Why don't you come with us?"
Ahnah says: "It's the least we could do after you saved our necks."
Varrick says: "I mean, uh, we'd love a lift!"
Defeated, Varrick walks up the pier with the other three. Bolin jumps in and Varrick crawls in awkwardly causing great commotion, ultimately falling to the floor of the boat.
The scene shifts again to the roots of a tree. Someone's hand is hammering in a small stake with a cord attached to it. A green remote with various nobs is taken out. A gauge with a red needle makes a noise and the needle flies right into the reddest area of the gauge. Baatar Jr. is kneeling with the gauge in his hand. Kuvira is standing behind him anticipating the news.
Baatar Jr.
This area is overrun with spirit vines. He turns to Kuvira. And they appear to be even more powerful than the samples we took from Republic City.
Kuvira says: "Perfect."
Kuvira says: "Harvest the vines until there's nothing left."
A mecha tank retracts it hand and replaces it with a chainsaw that deploys from its wrist and begins cutting through a tree root. The camera zooms out to show the banyan-grove tree in the Foggy Swamp. Several of Kuvira's army airships are floating around the tree.
Roll credits.