The shot fades to a side view of Korra's bed from a different angle.
Mako says: "I hope you're dong well."
Mako says: "Me?"
Mako says: "I'm back on the beat."
Mako says: "Beifong has me staking out the Red Monsoon hideout."
Mako says: "You won't believe what's going down."
The view fades again. This time to a closer side view of the bed while the camera pans diagonally from the nightstand with a pile of letters to the ceiling.
Bolin says: "My dearest Avatar Korra."
Bolin says: "Though several fortnights have passed since your departure to convalesce in the homeland of your tribesmen, I feel our friendship knows neither time..."
Bolin says: "nor distance."
Here, Korra sets down, on top of a crudely drawn picture of himself and Korra together, a second rough drawing of Pabu, Zhu Li, Varrick, and Kuvira . A third drawing rests in the background, depicting clouds, wind, stars, and a flower. Bolin's letter continues.
Bolin says: "but I am eager to offer any aid I can in stabilizing the Earth Kingdom!"
Saddened, she lets the letter fall softly to the floor, where it comes to rest with several more just like it. A far shot of the palace shows the light of her room switching off, leaving the entire palace in darkness. The scene changes; it is later on, back in Katara's healing hut. Korra dejectedly stares down the parallel bars while Katara sips tea to her right, Naga plopped down at the end of the bars.
Katara says: "Whenever you're ready."
Korra says: "What's the point?"
Korra says: "We've been at this for almost six months and I can still barely take a couple of steps without collapsing!"
Katara says: "I know you're frustrated, but—"
Korra says: "Of course I'm frustrated!"
Korra says: "A crazy man poisoned me and now I can't dress myself, or cook for myself, o-or do anything for myself!"
Korra says: "And this whole time, my friends have been off helping the world while I'm stuck with you and you can't even heal me!"
Katara says nothing; she only looks at Korra with a startled expression. Korra's flash of anger breaks, and she realizes what she has said, quickly turning away from Katara's as she buries her face in her hand.
Korra says: "That came out wrong."
Katara says: "It's..."
Katara says: "all right."
Katara says: "Let your anger and frustration flow like water."
Korra says: "I'm tired, Katara."
Korra says: "I'm so tired."
Katara says: "Can you imagine how much pain Aang felt when he learned that his entire culture was taken from him?"
Korra says: "That..."
Korra says: "must have been so awful."
Katara says: "He chose to find meaning in his suffering and eventually..."
Katara says: "found peace."
Korra says: "And..."
Korra says: "what am I going to find if I..."
Korra says: "get through this?"
Katara says: "I don't know."
Katara says: "But won't it be interesting to find out?"
The next shot shows Korra's hands grasping the bars for support, Katara standing next to her and Naga sitting up at the bars' end.
Katara says: "Close your eyes."
Katara says: "Visualize yourself walking over to Naga."
Katara says: "Can you see it?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Katara says: "Now..."
Katara says: "take that first step."
Korra braces herself against the pain and slowly inches her right foot forward, placing it on the ground in front of her. She takes another step, followed by another, and yet another. As she takes her sixth step, she inadvertently takes her hand off one of the bars, and she stumbles. Fighting to stay on her feet, she forces herself back upright. Katara watches her with a smile. Taking the final few steps, Korra stumbles over to Naga, and embraces her with a smile on her face, letting out a relieved sigh.
A flash appears again, moving back to the present. To be seen is Korra's scowling face while she is still walking alone down a deserted street from earlier. The shot cuts to a lefthand view of her. A shadow passes behind her, making her stop in her tracks and turn around, seeing nothing. Her gaze lingers a little longer, the shot changing to her point of view and showing fogged street until moving toward her face. When she turns her head back forward, she is initially startled but soon relieved to find a small, white puppy in front of her which is looking up at her and barking a few times and playfully wagging its tail. She walks up to the dog, crouching before it and petting it.
Korra says: "Where'd you come from, little cutie?"
Looking up for a moment, her expression changes to unease; the view twists again to the back of Korra's head, zooming out of it and revealing the earlier apparition that's standing at the top of the short set of stairs on the road ahead, the colors growing darker. Surprisingly, the puppy whirls around and begins growling menacingly at the apparition. Korra's eyes not leaving the apparition.
Korra says: "You can see her, too?"
The view changes to a close-up of the apparition who continues to stare at the figures in front of it, wordless and motionless. The screen briefly turns black. Soon after, it fades to an aerial view of the same scene, showing the three. The puppy continues to growl threateningly.
Korra says: "maybe I'm not going crazy."
Cut to the puppy who starts barking, upon which the hallucination absorbs seamlessly into the mist beyond. The puppy relaxes, excitedly making its way toward the now-unoccupied steps, Korra's eyes following it.
Korra says: "How'd you do that?"
The puppy mounts the steps and turns back toward Korra, barking a few times.
Korra says: "You want me to follow you?"
The puppy barks a few more times and disappears into the mist. Korra pauses for a moment, deciding.
Korra says: "All right."
Korra says: "Let's see what I find."
Cut to a far shot of the village showing Korra and the puppy running through the streets, the camera slowly panning upwards before another flashback begins, opening in midair over the compound at the South Pole as Oogi flies by, descending toward it. Oogi lands in the yard, and Tenzin dismounts to find an excited, healthier-looking Korra running toward him. She gives him a hug.
Korra says: "It's so good to see you!"
Tenzin says: "How have you been, Korra?"
Tenzin says: "You look great!"
Korra says: "I feel great!"
Korra says: "Come on, I want to show you how much better I'm doing."
Korra excitedly takes Tenzin by his wrists and drags him away with Katara smiling at them in the background. Cut to a shot of the firebending trial mat, where Korra, dressed in battle gear, stands opposite three other firebenders; Tenzin and Katara stand on a viewing platform behind the dueling mat, observing. As the firebenders take their positions, Korra attacks, sending multiple blasts of fire toward her opponents with both her hands and feet, which they easily block.
Korra says: "Attack!"
Korra says: "I can take it!"
The firebenders pause momentarily says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
the bender in the center glancing over his shoulder at the man on his right says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
who shrugs. They promptly attack says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
their quick says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
furious blows smooth says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
easy as she approaches her opponents. Cutting through a blast of attacking fire with her hands in the same manner as she did in her firebending trial says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
she emerges on the other side says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
is immediately beset by another vision says: "Zaheer zooming down from the gray sky directly toward her."
The firebenders pause momentarily says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
the bender in the center glancing over his shoulder at the man on his right says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
who shrugs. They promptly attack says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
their quick says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
furious blows smooth says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
easy as she approaches her opponents. Cutting through a blast of attacking fire with her hands in the same manner as she did in her firebending trial says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
she emerges on the other side says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
is immediately beset by another vision says: "Debilitated, she falters as the firebenders, unaware, continue their attack; she blindly throws weak strands of fire toward nothing in particular before being finally blown off her feet, coming to rest face-down on the mat, exhausted."
The firebenders pause momentarily says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
the bender in the center glancing over his shoulder at the man on his right says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
who shrugs. They promptly attack says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
their quick says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
furious blows smooth says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
easy as she approaches her opponents. Cutting through a blast of attacking fire with her hands in the same manner as she did in her firebending trial says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
she emerges on the other side says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
is immediately beset by another vision says: "Tenzin, seeing her collapse, rushes out to stop the fight."
Tenzin says: "All right!"
Tenzin says: "The sparring match is over!"
As the firebenders relax themselves and walk away, Tenzin turns back to focus on Korra, who is getting to her knees and taking off her helmet, clearly upset. Tenzin helps her to her feet.
Korra says: "I thought I was ready."
Tenzin says: "Being the Avatar can wait."
Korra says: "But what about the Earth Kingdom?"
Korra says: "I hear it's still a mess out there."
Tenzin says: "The situation has been stabilizing since Kuvira took charge."
Korra says: "But that should be me out there fixing things, not her."
Tenzin says: "I know you want to help."
Tenzin says: "But trust me, everyone has this under control."
Tenzin says: "I just think you need to..."
He trails off as Korra looks at him spitefully.
Korra says: "If you say, "be patient", I swear I'm gonna water-smack you in the mouth!"
Tenzin says: "Nooo..."
Tenzin says: "I was going to say, you need to..."
Tenzin says: "not worry about the future."
Tenzin says: "Be grateful for where you are now and the progress you've made."
Unsatisfied, she throws her helmet and, turning her back on a sad looking Tenzin, walks away. The scene changes to Korra on a high cliff, practicing bending all the elements as her voice dictates the words of a letter.
Korra says: "I don't think they'd understand."
Finishing, Korra sets the pen down and stares off into space, thinking.
The scene changes to the dining room; Tonraq, Senna and Korra sit together, but while Tonraq and Senna are eating, Korra plays with her food instead, lost in thought. Both Tonraq and Senna pick up on their daughter's mood, the latter speaking up.
Senna says: "Everything all right, sweetie?"
Korra says: "There's something I need to tell you both."
Tonraq says: "What is it?"
Korra says: "I want to go back to Republic City."
Senna says: "Are you sure?"
Korra says: "I know I'm not a hundred percent yet, but I feel like I've hit a wall."
Korra says: "I need to be where the action is,  where my friends are."
Tonraq says: "I'll have the White Lotus prepare a boat and they can take you back to Republic City as soon as you're ready."
Cut mid-speech to a view of blue sails opening in a breeze, and Korra standing on the deck of the small craft, waving goodbye.
Korra says: "No, I want to go alone and have some time to clear my head."
Korra says: "It'll be good for me."
View cuts to her parents waving back from the dock, Naga standing next to them. She howls as Korra departs.
The scene transitions to the open sea, where Korra's boat sails swiftly in the wind as Korra looks off into the distance. Out of nowhere, a school of flying dolphin-fish surface, gliding over the face of the water as Korra looks on, smiling. Another scene transition, this time to a tiny port village in a tropical archipelago, where Korra's boat is docked. Korra herself walks along the dock, away from her boat toward a man in a dockside shack, who is lazily fanning himself in the heat. Korra approaches him, and he looks up.
Korra says: "Two lobster crabs, please."
Fishmonger says: "Why, you're the Avatar, ain'tcha?"
Korra says: "Yup, that's me."
The fishmonger jumps out of his chair suddenly, surprising Korra.
Fishmonger says: "I can't believe it!"
Fishmonger says: "Mind if I took a picture for my "Wall of Avatars"?"
The camera zooms in on the sole picture in his collection, an image of an adult Aang doing his marble trick with two pieces of seafood, his face bearing a look of unadulterated enthusiasm reminiscent of his childhood.
Korra says: "Well, uhm, I'm kind of in a hurry."
Fishmonger says: "Now, smile!"
The view shifts to the interior of the camera, where an inverted image of an awkwardly smiling Korra is seen. The flash goes off, and the view returns to normal, Korra momentarily blinded by the light.
Fishmonger says: "But if I coulda met any Avatar,  I'd have to pick Kyoshi."
Fishmonger says: "Taking down a shark squid with one hand!"
Fishmonger says: "Now that's a lady I'd like to get to know!"
A sudden cry from behind Korra cuts the fishmonger short. They both look to see what's happened.
Vendor says: "Thieves!"
Vendor says: "Get back here!"
Fishmonger says: "Go get 'em!"
Looking determined, Korra throws herself into the air over the small inlet, waterbending herself across and coming ashore just in front of the bandits, who stop in their tracks.
Korra says: "Hand over the bags or else."
The first thief earthbends a fissure into the ground, extending it toward Korra and sending up a great cloud of dust, while the second thief bends a few simple boulders from the ground and hurls them at her. Korra avoids the fissures but rolls face-first right into the flying rocks; she falls to the ground, holding her head which is pounding from the impact, as the thieves run past her to freedom. Opening her eyes, she sees the vendor from across the way standing over her, assessing her, while the fishmonger rushes up to her, meat cleaver in hand, panting.
Vendor says: "You sure she's the Avatar?"
They both look down questioningly at Korra, who closes her eyes. The scene fades to a view of Republic City from the bay, the skyline blurred by the nighttime fog. As the shot pans to the left, Korra's craft comes into view, and the shot changes to one of Korra standing on the small deck. As she rounds Air Temple Island, the fog suddenly burns off, revealing a lone figure standing on a pinnacle of rock jutting from the water near the cliffside, eyes glowing. Korra gasps, as the shot cuts to a close-up of the face of Dark Korra with the moon behind, thin eyebrows furrowed and mouth bent into an angry frown, her hair fluttering in the light breeze. Korra, seeing this for the first time, sweat beading on her face, closes her eyes and steers the boat into the opposite direction, not watching as Republic City disappears into the mist.
Another change of scene as Korra's boat is seen somewhere in the Earth Kingdom, Korra herself standing on a small dock next to it. Her dress has changed from her Water Tribe outfit to that of an Earth Kingdom commoner, save for her armband, which she removes and tosses into the water. She moves her hands to her head, taking her hair in her hands and bundling it at the back of her head. Holding the bundle with her left hand, she takes up a knife laying on her right and puts it up against her hair. For a moment, she hesitates, reluctant to leave herself behind. In one stroke, she pulls the blade through her hair with a hint of regret on her face, sending tiny strands of hair fluttering through the air around her, her new haircut coming to rest just above her shoulders.
The scene changes yet again, jumping to a snowstorm at one of the poles, its Spirit Portal emitting its brilliant beam of light into the sky in the distance. Korra crosses into the frame, bundled up against the bitter cold and wind; she stops for a moment, observing the portal in the distance, before continuing onward toward it. The view switches to just inside the Spirit World as Korra steps through the portal and exits on the other side; the Tree of Time, surrounded by friendly spirits, dominates the landscape around it from its perch. Cut to Korra, who has sat down within the Tree's central void, meditating in silence, her heavy overcoat folded next to her. A tiny tan-yellow spirit, with leaves growing like ears from the top of its head, peers over the lip of the entrance. Realizing who is within, it smiles and calls to its many companions floating outside.
Light spirit says: "Everyone, come here!"
Light spirit says: "It's the Avatar!"
The spirits congregate on the lip, observing Korra for themselves. A second spirit, resembling a snail of sorts with legs, turns to the light spirit.
Skeptical spirit says: "You sure?"
Skeptical spirit says: "I don't sense any Raava energy around her."
Skeptical spirit says: "Besides, she's not dressed like the Avatar."
Skeptical spirit says: "And, doesn't the Avatar have ponytails?"
Korra says: "Do you mind?"
Korra says: "I'm trying to concentrate here."
Korra says: "And yes, I am the Avatar."
Korra says: "I'm just wearing different clothes and I cut my hair."
Light spirit says: "How come you've been away so long?"
Korra says: "I was hurt pretty bad a while ago and lost touch with my Avatar Spirit."
Skeptical spirit says: "No wonder I couldn't feel Raava's energy."
Korra says: "I came to the Tree of Time hoping to reconnect with Raava and turn on the Avatar State again."
Korra says: "But it's not working."
Korra says: "Now I don't see anything."
Light spirit says: "Maybe we can help you get better."
Korra says: "I need to figure this out on my own."
She leaves the tree, not looking back, as the spirits look after her. The scene changes to Korra's boat wending through a waste of water and icebergs as her voice, in the background, narrates a letter.
Korra says: "Raava!"
She reaches the crest of the dune, only to find empty air where Raava was; she falls to her knees, realizing it was another hallucination.
Fade to just before the present, where Korra is walking through a town somewhere in the Earth Kingdom. Lifting her head, she sees her hallucination waiting at the end of her path, illuminated by a streetlight. The view again rolls as it zooms on the apparition, and as it does, it turns, walking away down a side alley.
Korra says: "I am ending this."
She chases her likeness down the alley, where she sees it jump a fence and follows it, landing on a rooftop on the other side. Looking for where the ghost has gone, she spots it standing in the entrance of a building, the light from its interior pouring into the street; people are standing near the entrance, and Korra's apparition stands there as well. A single person passes the entrance, and as he passes the place where the apparition stands, it vanishes into thin air. Korra, seeing what she has to do, jumps from the roof, determination etched in her face.
Inside the building sits the arena, with two earthbenders sparring in the pit beneath as the crowd cheers; as she passes across the view of the ring, her ghost appears, standing in the pit itself, unseen by everybody except herself. She walks up to the ring announcer, who half-turns to look at her while collecting money from people placing bets in the audience.
Korra says: "Excuse me."
Korra says: "Who do I talk to about getting in the ring?"
The ring announcer raises an eyebrow at her.
Cut to Korra in the ring, being beaten back by her opponent. After being thrown across the ring and crashing into the wall, she gets up, but she suddenly starts to see double, and the crowd above fades into blackness. Where seconds before she had seen an earthbender, she now sees the hallucination of her standing opposite her, shoulders hunched in the same familiar inhuman pose. Rising defiantly to her feet, Korra yells at the apparition.
Korra says: "Is that all you got?"
The apparition swings her arms, the chain flying like a whip across the ring as Korra dodges. The apparition moves faster than she can see, and it jumps, formless, through space before solidifying above Korra. Its attack, unseen by Korra until the last moment, catches her in the face. Her head hits the dirt before her feet, and she tumbles across the floor, slamming into the wall behind her. She struggles to rise for a moment, staring the vengeful vision in the face before she falls, unconscious, to the floor, and the vision melts back into reality.
Ring announcer says: "We have a winner!"
The other earthbender raises her arms in victory. A quick succession of shots flashes by says: "Korra healing herself in the bathroom, being yelled at to "hurry up in there"; nearly being run down; and the angrily barking puppy."
The other earthbender raises her arms in victory. A quick succession of shots flashes by says: "The scene switches to Korra chasing the dog on the outskirts of the town."
The other earthbender raises her arms in victory. A quick succession of shots flashes by says: "At the top of a hill, she pauses; the shot changes its perspective, showing a swamp in the direction in which the dog is running."
Korra says: "You should have told me who you were."
Light spirit says: "If I did, would you have followed me?"
Korra says: "I get your point."
Korra says: "But why did you bring me here?"
Korra says: "What am I gonna find in the swamp?"
Light spirit says: "Not a what, a who."
Korra says: "Come back!"
Stumbling through to the other side, she falls into a pool of water. Looking up, she is terrified to find herself face to face with her apparition. Korra rises to her feet.
Korra says: "You're just in my mind."
Korra says: "You're not real."
Korra's projection does nothing for a short moment, before sending a powerful blast of fire at Korra; it hits her, sending her flying through the air, where she collides with a tree and collapses into the water below. Trying to rise again, she looks up to see her dark self stagger-stepping through the vines in front of her. Korra sends streams of water at the vision, but it evaporates on the spot, reforming itself out of the way and sending fire, water, and earth of its own back at Korra. Korra, dodging the water and fire, is hit head-on by the earth and flies backward again, tumbling into a hole.
The blurred gray streak of the apparition reforms in midair above Korra, its flaming foot creating an arc of flame as it attempts to crush Korra, who somersaults out of the way as the apparition lands with crushing force. Korra doesn't even have time to get back on her feet before the vision furiously blasts her with water, sending her airborne yet again; Korra lands face-first in the mud but gets back to her feet, running as fast as she can away from her hallucination, which, deforming and reforming rapidly, appears behind her, shooting a jet of flame after her. Korra ducks as it shoots over her head and, jumping and twisting in midair, earthbends back at her doppelganger before immediately jumping with airbending into the tree sprawling above her.
As the Korra's Avatar self reforms under the tree, glaring up at the escaping Korra, it unwinds the chain from its wrist, once more wielding it as a whip, cracking it on the ground with enough force to shake the earth before flinging it up into the tree, where it wraps itself around a fleeing Korra's ankle as she reaches a higher branch.
The force of the chain begins to pull her down, and she desperately grabs onto the vines winding around the branches to keep herself from falling. As she looks down at the ground far below, the ground below the feet of Korra's Avatar self, to her horror, melts, turning into the mercury with which Zaheer poisoned her. Korra tries to get her foot around a vine, still holding on for dear life, to try to save herself, but Korra's Avatar self begins to sink into the mercury, pulling still harder against Korra. As the doppelganger sinks up to its still-furious face in the pool of mercury, the vine in Korra's left hand snaps under the weight, and, seconds later, the one in her right hand lets go.
Screaming, Korra falls headlong into the puddle of poison below her. As soon as she hits the surface, the mercury fastens onto her body like glue and she begins to sink into the puddle. As web-like tendrils leap from the surface, she reaches into the air, grasping for something that is not there.
Korra says: "Help!"
Immediately after she screams, the silver poison wraps around her arm, pulling her down into darkness. Sometime later, Korra awakens in a dimly lit room. A blue-ish light filters through a substance covering the top of a deep hole opening just above her, which extends all the way to ground level, a considerable distance above her. She sits up, her hand on her head, and hears the noise of a moving liquid, followed by an elderly female voice.
Unknown woman says: "Feeling better?"
Korra says: "Where am I?"
Korra says: "Wha-what happened?"
Unknown woman says: "I was hoping you could tell me."
Unknown woman says: "I found you passed out in the mud."
Korra says: "How'd you know I was out there?"
Unknown woman says: "I'm pretty tapped into the goings-on around here."
Unknown woman says: "What brings you to the swamp, anyway?"
Korra says: "A spirit led me here and told me I was supposed to find someone."
Korra says: "Is that you?"
Unknown woman says: "Beats me."
Unknown woman says: "But if your Avatar senses called you here, you should probably listen to them."
Korra says: "Wait, you recognize me?"
She stands up and walks toward the mystery person.
Unknown woman says: "In a manner of speaking."
Unknown woman says: "We were good friends in your previous life."
Korra firebends a small flame with her hand, casting light on the mysterious person, who turns to face Korra, revealing an elderly woman with long silver hair hanging down over clouded eyes.
Korra says: "I can't believe it..."
Korra says: "Toph?"
Toph says: "Nice to see you again, Twinkle Toes."
Cut to credits.