The episode opens to an overhead shot of the Pro-bending Arena. The glass dome is broken in places and construction scaffolding is in place around it. Some cars are parked near the entrance, which is blocked off by a police barricade. The view shifts to show Korra, who rides up on Naga to the entrance, jumps off, and ducks under the yellow tape. In their apartment, Mako puts a red shirt into a box.
Mako says: "I still can't believe they're shutting this place down."
Bolin says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "We had some good memories here, didn't we?"
Korra says: "Guys!"
Korra says: "Great news."
Korra says: "You don't have to go back on the streets."
Korra says: "I talked to Tenzin and made all the arrangements."
Korra says: "You can come live on Air Temple Island with me!"
Mako says: "Oh, we'd love to, but..."
Bolin says: "From here on out, it's gonna be the lap of luxury for us."
Behind Korra, Asami enters holding Pabu.
Korra says: "I was just leaving."
Korra says: "So, I guess I'll see you guys around, some time."
Asami says: "Why not tomorrow?"
Asami says: "I'd love to have you come visit the estate."
Korra says: "I don't know."
Korra says: "I have some..."
Korra says: "Avatar stuff to do."
Bolin says: "It'll be fun!"
Korra says: "All right, Pabu."
Asami says: "Great, we'll see you tomorrow."
Korra goes back down the stairs while Asami, Mako, and Bolin, who is still using Pabu as a puppet, wave goodbye. The scene cuts to a flock of lizard crows. A police truck driving by disrupts the flock and rides through a factory entrance. Metalbender cops break through the windows and rip open crates to find Equalist propaganda and electrical gloves.
Lin says: "Looks like our intel was good."
Saikhan says: "There's enough evidence here to bury Cabbage Corp for an eternity."
Lin looks away. The scene shifts to outside the Cabbage Corp building with a statue of the cabbage merchant in front, reporters shout questions to Lin.
Lau Gan-Lan says: "This is an outrage!"
Lau Gan-Lan says: "I'm innocent!"
Saikhan says: "Yeah, yeah."
Saikhan says: "That's what they all say..."
Reporter says: "Is it true that Cabbage Corp is conspiring with the Equalists?"
Lin says: "The evidence points in that direction, but the investigation is ongoing."
Lin says: "For the time being, we have frozen Mr."
Lin says: "Gan-Lan's assets and are closing Cabbage Corp."
Cut to an outside shot of the police headquarters. The camera cuts to Korra's boots and pans down to her reflection on the floor.
Korra says: "Tahno?"
Tahno is seen with his hair a mess and bags under his eyes, still saddened over losing his bending to Amon. Korra sits down on the bench beside Tahno.
Korra says: "Listen, I know we're not exactly best friends, but I'm sorry Amon took your bending."
Tahno says: "I've been to the best healers in the city."
Tahno says: "Whatever Amon did to me, it's permanent."
Tahno says: "You gotta get him for me."
Korra nods her head. Lin, Tenzin and Hiroshi Sato walk up to the bench.
Lin says: "Mr."
Lin says: "Sato, if you remember anything else about what you saw during Amon's attack, be sure to let us know."
Hiroshi Sato says: "I'm happy to help any way I can."
Hiroshi Sato says: "I want these Equalists to pay for what they've done."
A big mansion is shown says: "Bolin stands at the top of the statue, Asami sits on the side of the pool, and Mako stands in the pool right next to her."
camera zooms in. Pabu jumps off a large statue into a pool squealing. Cut to a wide shot of the pool says: "Bolin stands at the top of the statue, Asami sits on the side of the pool, and Mako stands in the pool right next to her."
Bolin says: "Earthbending bomb!"
Bolin dives into the pool doing a belly flop, splashing Mako and Asami in the process. The butler escorts Korra to the pool as Bolin resurfaces.
Butler says: "Avatar Korra..."
Butler says: "has arrived."
Mako says: "Hey, Korra!"
Asami says: "Glad you made it!"
Korra says: "Looks like you guys settled right in."
Mako says: "except someone forgot to ask her father if we could stay here."
Asami says: "Yeah, but I smoothed it over with him."
Asami says: "It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission."
Bolin says: "Fetch me my towel, good sir."
Butler says: "Yes, Master..."
Butler says: "Bolin."
Bolin says: "Now pat me dry."
Butler says: "As you wish."
Bolin says: "Don't forget Master Pabu."
Butler says: "Wouldn't dream of it, sir."
Korra says: "So, what do you have planned for us today?"
Korra says: "Let me guess, shopping, makeovers..."
Asami says: "I had something a little more exciting in mind."
Cut to a race track and two Satomobiles racing are shown with a low angle shot. A high angle shot shows the whole circuit. Asami, Korra, Mako, and Bolin are sitting in the stands.
Asami says: "Pretty cool, huh?"
Korra says: "Way cooler than a makeover."
Asami says: "This is where Future Industries test-drives their Satomobiles."
Asami says: "Ever been behind the wheel?"
Korra says: "The only thing I know how to drive is a polar bear dog."
Asami says: "You want me to take you for a spin?"
Korra says: "Let's do it!"
Two Satomobiles stand next to each other. Korra puts on goggles, she is sitting behind Asami. A man is sitting in the other car. The race starts as a man in blue waves a white flag in front of the cars. Asami falls behind first, but smiles and catches up fast as Mako and Bolin cheer from the sidelines. She overtakes the other mobile, her back wheel grazing the wall. The man tries to catch up, but his front wheel and Asami's back wheel touch and his car starts swaying. Asami wins the race, stops the car and both girls get off.
Korra says: "That was amazing!"
Korra says: "I didn't think we'd make it."
Asami says: "Well, you can't be afraid to mix it up sometimes."
Korra says: "I gotta admit, I had you pegged wrong."
Korra says: "I thought you were kind of..."
Korra says: "prissy."
Korra says: "Eh-No offense!"
Asami says: "My dad made sure that I would always be able to protect myself."
Korra says: "Smart guy."
The scene changes to the mansion. Korra, Asami, Mako and Bolin enter through the door.
Bolin says: "Emergency, emergency coming through, beep beep!"
Korra says: "Uh, is there another bathroom I can use?"
Asami says: "We have a lady's powder room upstairs,  first door on your right."
Asami says: "You can freshen up in there."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Cuts to Korra washing and drying her hands. She notices and picks up the powder sponge and looks at it intensely, before smashing it onto her face. A powder cloud covers her face and Korra starts choking. As she leaves the room, she hears a voice.
Hiroshi Sato says: "No, no!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "No, I assure you, everything is going exactly as planned."
Cuts to the butler spraying perfume all over Bolin and Mako and Asami standing behind them. Korra runs past them.
Asami says: "You're leaving?"
Asami says: "But I-I thought..."
Korra says: "Uh, sorry!"
Korra says: "I forgot, I'm supposed to airsit, I mean babybend, I-I mean babysit the airbender kids."
Korra says: "See you later!"
Scene changes to outside at nighttime where Korra talks to Tenzin and Lin.
Tenzin says: "So, you think Mr."
Tenzin says: "Sato manufactured those gloves for the Equalists then framed Cabbage Corp?"
Lin says: "That's a bold accusation, but what proof do you have?"
Korra says: "Well, I don't exactly have proof, but I know what I heard."
Korra says: "Sato's up to something."
Lin says: "He does have the means..."
Lin says: "and he has a motive."
Tenzin says: "That's right."
Korra says: "A motive?"
Korra says: "What is it?"
Tenzin says: "Twelve years ago, the Agni Kai Triad robbed Sato's mansion."
Tenzin says: "A firebender killed Sato's wife during the break in."
Korra says: "That's terrible."
Tenzin says: "It was tragic."
Tenzin says: "It's possible that he's been harboring anti-bending sentiment all this time."
Lin says: "Maybe we should look at Mr."
Lin says: "Sato a little more closely."
Cut to the door of the Sato mansion, which the butler opens. Korra, Lin, and Tenzin enter. Tenzin and Lin walk upstairs and Korra walks behind them, passing Mako and Asami.
Mako says: "What's going on?"
Mako says: "Why are they asking Hiroshi more questions?"
Korra says: "I overheard him on the phone yesterday."
Korra says: "Asami, I don't know how to tell you this, but I think your father might be involved with the Equalists."
Mako says: "You spied on Hiroshi?"
Inside Hiroshi Sato's office, Lin and Tenzin stand in front of Hiroshi's desk.
Lin says: "Mr."
Lin says: "Sato, we just have a few follow-up questions for you."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Equalists?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Is that what this is about?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "I can assure you I have nothing to do with those radicals."
Mako says: "Yeah, you don't know what you're talking about, Korra."
Korra says: "I overheard you on the phone."
Korra says: "You said the Cabbage Corp investigation bought you time, and you're getting ready to strike."
Korra says: "Explain that!"
Tenzin says: "In order to put all suspicions to rest, might we have a look into your factories and warehouses?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "If you feel it's necessary, you're welcome to search all of Future Industries."
Cuts to the Future Industries factory with a news reporter broadcasting.
Cut to the outside of the factory as the metalbender cops are lifted into the police airship while Lin and Tenzin watch. Korra rides in on Naga, and jumps down to approach them.
Korra says: "I can't believe we didn't find anything."
Lin says: "It would appear Hiroshi is innocent."
Asami says: "Okay, you did your search."
Asami says: "Now you can all leave."
Lin says: "Hmm."
Mako signals to Korra, and they move away to have a private conversation.
Mako says: "So, I hope you're convinced now."
Korra says: "No, I'm not!"
Korra says: "I don't care how cooperative Hiroshi is being, I know he's lying."
Korra says: "Don't be ridiculous!"
Korra says: "That has nothing to do with it!"
Mako says: "If you don't drop this, consider our friendship over."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Korra says: "Hiroshi is not the man you think he is."
Mako says: "Hmph."
Mako walks away to Asami, one arm wrapping around her shoulder, and leaves as Korra sighs and turns away. A worker in the background slides the factory's door shut and turns to see Korra, the view changes to a close-up of his eyes. Cut to Lin and Tenzin standing near Korra, who strokes Naga as the worker approaches her. He places a note in Korra's hand as he walks past her. Korra, surprised, looks around to see who handed her the note, to no avail. She opens the note and reads it. Looking at it with surprise, she turns to Lin and Tenzin.
Cut to the police airship over the bridge at nighttime as the camera moves down to see Korra, Lin and Tenzin walking to the north end.
Warehouse worker says: "this war."
Lin says: "What do you have on Hiroshi Sato?"
Warehouse worker says: "He manufactured those gloves  for the Equalists."
Korra says: "I knew it!"
Warehouse worker says: "And there are rumors he's working on something even bigger."
Warehouse worker says: "Some new kind of weapon."
Tenzin says: "We searched all of Future Industries and found nothing."
Warehouse worker says: "That's because he has a secret factory."
Korra says: "Where?"
Warehouse worker says: "It's right underneath the Sato Mansion."
Korra, Lin and Tenzin gasp and look at him in shock. Cut to Korra, Lin and Tenzin on an airship.
Tenzin says: "Raiding the Sato Mansion is a risky move with Tarrlok breathing down your neck."
Tenzin says: "If we're wrong..."
Lin says: "I know."
Lin says: "I can kiss my job goodbye."
Lin says: "But protecting Republic City is all I care about."
Lin says: "We can't let Amon get his hands on this new weapon."
Cut to see the airship over the Sato mansion and switch to the brothers with Asami sitting down in the living room; Bolin is eating from the bowl of fruit while Mako takes out a LP from the cover and shows it to Asami. The metalbender cops burst into the living room, causing Bolin to raise his arms in fear.
Asami says: "What are you doing here?"
Lin says: "We have a reason to believe that there's a factory hidden below the mansion."
Asami says: "I think I would've noticed if there were a factory underneath my house."
Asami says: "The lies you people come up with just to persecute my father."
Tenzin says: "Where is your father?"
Asami says: "In his workshop, behind the house."
Changes to the outside of Hiroshi's workshop, metalbender cops guard the area as they all walk toward the place. The metalbender cops burst into the workshop to find no one in the room.
Asami says: "Dad?"
Asami says: "Hello?"
Officer says: "Chief, the estate's been secured."
Officer says: "No one has left the workshop since we arrived."
Lin says: "Perhaps we just couldn't see him leaving."
Lin walks into the middle of the room with her hands behind her back. She raises her leg and metalbends her left sole, removing it to expose her bare foot to perform her seismic sense.
Lin says: "There's a tunnel beneath the workshop running deep into the mountainside."
Bolin says: "Do you think your dad knows about this tunnel?"
Asami says: "I don't understand."
Asami says: "There must be an explanation."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Lin says: "Officer Song, keep an eye on them."
Song salutes her as Mako, Bolin and Asami look at the group. As they walk down, Korra turns her head and looks at the three in sadness as Mako turns his head away with guilt. The elevator takes the group down until it stops and they cautiously walk into a massive room that has posters of Amon hanging up. There are large robotic machines on the sides.
Lin says: "Not your average backyard workshop."
Tenzin says: "Hiroshi was lying all right, but where is he?"
Bolin says: "What was that?"
Mako says: "We need to get down there and see what's going on."
Song says: "Absolutely not."
Song says: "You're staying put until the chief comes back."
Mako says: "All right, we'll stay put."
Mako says: "But could we wait outside or something?"
Mako says: "It's so dusty in this workshop."
Song says: "No!"
Song says: "We're waiting right here!"
Song says: "What's your problem, bub?"
Mako says: "I'm about to-  Sorry pal, we know you were just doing your job."
Bolin says: "Yeah, just stay put until the chief comes back."
Bolin says: "That's sounds very familiar doesn't it, why?"
Bolin says: "Because you said it."
Mako says: "Asami, you should stay here."
Mako says: "We'll check it out."
Asami says: "I have to find out the truth about my father."
Mako says: "I understand."
Mako says: "That's why I'm going down, to find out for you."
Mako says: "Please."
Asami says: "Be careful."
Asami clasps her hands together tightly as she looks down with uncertainty. Meanwhile, down in the factory, Lin tries the bend the seemingly metal wall, but to no avail.
Hiroshi Sato says: "Not even your renowned mother could bend a metal so pure."
Korra says: "Hiroshi, I knew you were a lying, no good Equalist!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "And do what, young Avatar?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Face the wrath of your bending?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "No."
Hiroshi Sato says: "I think I'll fight from inside here where my odds are a little more..."
Hiroshi Sato says: "equal."
Lin says: "That source was a set-up!"
Lin says: "You lured us down here!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Guilty as charged."
The battle begins when Hiroshi Sato shoots out a grappler to capture them. Lin, Korra and Tenzin evade it. Another mecha tank attacks the metalbender cops but they dodge, shooting out cables to wrap around its arms, holding it down. Two more metalbender cops run up and metalbend to hold off another mecha tank. Lin runs forward, dodging the grappler and earthbends herself up into the air. She metalbends daggers from her wrist armor, and lands onto the head of the mecha tank. She breaks the glass by stabbing the front, missing the Equalist inside who dodges. She keeps stabbing, making the machine move backward and fall over.
While Lin attacks the mecha tank, Hiroshi Sato moves his own mecha tank forward as Korra firebends to no effect. Tenzin airbends Hiroshi Sato back and Korra as looks over her shoulder at the unexpected help. As he airbends, the metalbender cops have a difficult time holding the other mecha tanks down, their cable spools starting to spark and overheat with the effort. As they are pulled forward by the tank, they raise the earth with their bending in an attempt to find more foothold to withstand the pull. The mecha tanks wrap the cables around their arms and conduct electricity, electrocuting the officers until they lose consciousness and release their grip. Lin attempts to deliver another blow, but is grabbed from behind with a grappler, knocking her forward and against a metal support beam. She is subsequently flung across the room and lands hard on the ground, where she remains unconscious as well.
Tenzin and Korra help each other as they use their airbending and firebending respectively to push Hiroshi Sato's mecha tank into the corner. Furious, Hiroshi Sato shoots a grappler in Korra's direction. Korra repeatedly back flips to avoid the attack. Having moved out of the path of the weapon, she earthbends a rock out of the ground and launches it at Hiroshi. At that moment, she is grabbed and shoved forward by another mecha tank's grappling hook, knocking her unconscious by slamming her against a large metal pipe.
Tenzin says: "Korra!"
Tenzin uses his airbending to cushion Korra's fall, who grunts as she connects with the floor. Now alone, Tenzin is fighting off Hiroshi Sato and an Equalist using his airbending and an air wheel to evade their attacks. He jumps up, but Hiroshi Sato shoots bolas combined with an electric disk. Tenzin is ensnared with it and grunts in pain as he is electrocuted. He roughly lands on the ground, unconscious. Hiroshi Sato exits his mecha tank and climbs down. As Hiroshi lets his gaze travel over the warehouse, the scene changes between a close-up image of an unconscious Lin, Tenzin, and Korra, before changing back to a frontal shot of Hiroshi.
Hiroshi Sato says: "Well, I'd say that was a near flawless test run."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Load everyone into the transports and deliver them to Amon!"
A hole is earthbent from the ground, and Bolin pops up from underneath along with Mako. They look around until they notice with horror the metalbenders being dragged into the trucks.
Bolin says: "Oh no."
Mako says: "Korra was right."
Mako says: "We gotta do something, quick!"
Bolin and Mako sneak around the factory, getting closer to Tenzin, Lin and Korra. Mako hoists Korra onto his back, while Bolin does the same with Tenzin after untying the bola wrapped around him. They are about to grab Lin to drag her away as well, but are spotted by Hiroshi Sato and the Lieutenant.
Hiroshi Sato says: "Not so fast, boys."
Bolin says: "Hello, Mr."
Bolin says: "Sato."
Bolin says: "Wow!"
Bolin says: "What a really swell, scary factory you have here under your giant mansion."
Mako says: "Sponsoring our team, supporting the Avatar."
Mako says: "It was all just a big cover."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Yes, and the most difficult part was watching my daughter traipse around with a firebending street rat like you!"
Asami says: "Dad, stop!"
Asami says: "Why?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Join me, Asami."
Asami looks at her father with uncertainty, but she hesitatingly steps toward him. She looks at the glove with fear, trembling as she reaches for it. The Fire Ferrets look at her in sadness as she grabs the glove off her father, slipping her hand into the glove.
Mako says: "No..."
Asami says: "I love you, Dad."
She electrocutes her father until he loses consciousness, revealing it was a ruse. The Lieutenant attacks her, but she uses self-defense techniques to easily defeat him with his own electrified kali stick. Mako and Korra are stunned at the fact that she took them down so easily by herself. Lin regains consciousness as the mecha tanks notice them.
Mako says: "Let's get out of here!"
They all run to the large hole Mako and Bolin came in. Right before the mecha tanks attempt to capture them, Bolin earthbends the hole shut. The scene changes to the police airship floating away from the Sato mansion. Asami looks down at her former home in dismay as the camera switches to Lin lying down with Tenzin at her side.
Lin says: "My metalbenders are on their way to Amon, and it's all my fault."
Lin says: "Tarrlok's right, I've failed as chief."
Lin says: "First thing in the morning, I'm handing in my resignation."
Tenzin says: "No!"
Tenzin says: "You can't give up like this!"
Mako says: "I'm sorry I didn't believe you."
Mako says: "But Asami's dad being an Equalist is not an easy thing to believe."
Mako says: "Even now."
Korra says: "I know."
Korra says: "I'm sorry this whole thing happened."
Mako says: "So..."
Mako says: "does your offer to live in the Air Temple still stand?"
Korra says: "Of course it does."
Korra says: "And Asami's welcome, too."
Mako says: "Thank you so much."
Korra says: "After everything she's been through, she's going to need you, Mako."
Mako nods his head and walks toward Asami to comfort her. Korra looks at them in sadness before turning away as the airship floats above the city. Cut to credits.