Cut to a night time shot of the ancient airbender meditation circle near the Eastern Air Temple. The camera pans down from a higher view of the mountains to a lower one of Tenzin and his siblings sitting around the campfire.
Tenzin says: "I can't believe my little girl had to guide Korra into the Spirit World instead of me."
Tenzin says: "If anything happens to her I won't be able to forgive myself."
Kya says: "She's very smart, and she obviously has a strong connection to the spirits."
Kya says: "She'll be fine."
Bumi says: "Yeah, Dad went all the time!"
Tenzin says: "They won't have their bending in there."
Tenzin says: "They'll be defenseless!"
Bumi says: "Ahem?"
Bumi says: "Excuse me?"
Bumi says: "But I've never had bending, and I don't think I'd call myself defenseless."
Tenzin says: "Of course you aren't, because you have your..."
Tenzin says: "um..."
Kya says: "Positive attitude?"
Bumi says: "I would've said acute intellect and cat-like reflexes, but whatever."
Tenzin says: "Why don't you two get some sleep."
Tenzin says: "I'll take the first watch."
Kya says: "Wake us up if you need some company."
Bumi says: "Or if any interesting spirit-y stuff happens, like their bodies start floating around and you need someone to help you grab them before they fly off!"
Kya says: "Bumi!"
Bumi says: "I'm just saying, we're here if you need us."
Tenzin says: "I know you are."
Tenzin says: "Thank you."
Tenzin says: "Please come back soon."
Cut to a close-up of the meditating Jinora, before the background changes to the Spirit World, where she opens her eyes. Cut to Korra and Jinora standing on a spirit field.
Jinora says: "Isn't it beautiful?"
Jinora says: "Look!"
Jinora says: "It's like it's made of jewels!"
Jinora says: "The spirits are so much more beautiful in their own world than they are at home."
Korra says: "Jinora, be careful!"
Korra says: "Hold on!"
Meerkat spirit #1.
Hey! Watch where you're going, you giant clod!
Korra says: "Sorry!"
Meerkat spirit #1.
This is a residential area, in case you hadn't noticed. Who do you think you are, stomping through here like that?
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar."
Meerkat spirit #2.
Bursts from ground. The Avatar? Sniffs Korra. Not impressed.
Korra says: "I'm trying to find the spirit portals?"
Meerkat spirit #3.
I heard Unalaq did that!
Meerkat spirit #4.
Well if you opened it, how come you don't know where it is? Huh?
Korra says: "B-because I was at the South Pole!"
Meerkat spirit #5.
I don't trust her.
Meerkat spirit #6.
Get out of our world!
Meerkat spirit #7.
We don't need you!
Meerkat spirit #8.
You don't belong here!
Korra says: "Get away from me!"
Meerkat spirit #1.
Did you guys see that?! She tried to bend at us, in our own holes! Get her!
The spirits jump at Korra. She manages to dodge some, but some latch onto her and turn into purplish globs.
Korra says: "Jinora!"
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Jinora says: "Stay calm!"
Jinora says: "Your energy is upsetting them."
Jinora says: "You're only making it worse!"
Jinora runs to Korra and tries to get the spirits off her. The other meerkat spirits march around them in circle, and a hole opens through which they both fall down into spirit waters. Cut to spirit waters. The girls both hold their breath and hold onto each other's arms. Korra makes a face when she sees a very large dark spirit swimming toward them. The spirit swallows them, and they are teleported to a river that spirals down a rocky slope. The river soon forks and Jinora goes one way, Korra the other.
Jinora says: "Ahhh!"
Korra says: "Jinora!"
The river takes Korra off a waterfall, and she falls screaming into nothingness. An aerial shot of Korra as she lands on her back, the darkness around her disappearing immediately. Cut to a side-shot from between nearby trees, showing that she is lying on the ground in a forest.
Korra says: "Jinora?"
Korra says: "Jinora!"
Cut to a shot from behind her as she is facing three dark spirits staring her down. Korra begins to panic, breathing heavily. She turns around, her eyes darting everywhere and she runs away from the spirits before her. Cut to an overview shot of her running through the forest. She suddenly stops and takes a step back. Cut to a shot from behind her, a large insect-like dark spirit threatening her. The creature growls at her, lashing out, and forces her to continue. Cut to a closer shot of Korra as she walks backward, further into the dark forest. When she nearly bumps with her back against a tree on which a small round dark spirit with fingers for feet is crawling, she turns around.
Korra says: "Jinora."
The camera pans in a circle showing the forest and the dark spirits that surround her. Right before the camera comes back to Korra, she starts sobbing like a child.
Korra says: "Jinora."
As the camera stops spinning and Korra comes back into view, she has turned into her four-year-old self. Scared, she drops to the ground on her behind and begins to cry. Cut back to a more far off shot, revealing that little Korra is surrounded by dark trees. The camera pans right and halts at the rim of the dark forest on a brighter-looking, green meadow. Jinora is standing there, hands to her mouth.
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Jinora says: "Where are you!"
Jinora says: "Hello?"
Jinora says: "I'm lost."
Jinora says: "Can anyone help me?"
She looks over her right shoulder upon hearing a sound and the camera pans to the left, showing a cooing Furry-Foot flying over a hill and approaching Jinora. Cut to a facial close-up as Jinora squints her eyes. Cut to a frontal shot of Furry-Foot.
Jinora says: "but I don't know how to find anything down here."
Cut to a further off shot as Furry-Foot coos and starts to flap its wings. The dragonfly bunny spirit flies over Jinora, who happily smiles up at him, and lands behind her. As she jumps up in the air, he runs forward so she can land on his back. Together, they take off, the camera panning up to follow them. Cut to a close-up of Jinora smiling contently, her eyes closed and her hair waving in the wind. Cut to a side-shot of Furry-Foot flying over a hill, the camera slowly panning to the left to follow them. Cut to a slightly darker looking scene with a forest in the background. Furry-Foot flies into the scene and heads for the forest. Cut to a shot of the empty, yellow sky as Jinora, smiling brightly, comes floating into view, followed by Furry-Foot's face. Her excited expression changes to one of wonder and her mouth drops open. Cut to a shot from behind Furry-Foot, panning up. The scene of big, twisted roots change to tall trees in which a building is suspended upside down by vines.
Jinora says: "Grandpa Aang came here."
Jinora says: "It's Wan Shi Tong's Spirit Library."
Cut to dark forest, camera panning down. Korra, still in her four-year-old body, has retreated to below a tree, her knees pulled up against her chest. Cut to a closer shot, tears shimmering in the corners of her eyes. She looks up upon hearing a strange cry. Cut to a downward looking point of view from between the branches as the scene rapidly closes in on Korra. Her wondering expression changes to one of shock. Cut to a frontal shot of a young dragon bird spirit speeding down, its eyes glowing. It flies right into the camera, filling the screen. Cut to Korra as she flails her arms and cowers in fear.
Korra says: "Ahhh!"
Korra says: "Get away!"
She slowly cracks open her eyes. Hesitating, she slowly starts to crawl forward. Cut to a shot of the dragon bird spirit sprawled on the ground. Its right wing sparkles pink, though as the glimmer subsides, a hole in its wing forms. Squeaking, it pushes itself upright on its wings. It flaps its right wing once, shedding some of the pink glimmers, and tucks it away, diverting its head in pain, before laying down in sadness. Korra places her left hand near the spirit, who looks up at the motion. Cut to a ground shot, showing both Korra and the spirit. Korra sports a remorseful expression.
Korra says: "You just scared me."
As the spirit squeaks, Korra stands up. She looks to the right upon the sound of footsteps, her face slowly being illuminated by an approaching light. Cut to a shot of the approaching person, who clad in an Earth Kingdom attire and carries a lantern, though his face still shaded.
Iroh says: "You two look lost."
Iroh says: "Maybe I can help you."
Korra says: "I know you."
Iroh says: "I was good friends  with Avatar Aang."
Korra says: "Iroh!"
Iroh says: "Hello, Korra."
Cut to dark forest, where Iroh is leading Korra out of the location.
Iroh says: "I'm glad you came to visit us in the Spirit World, Korra."
Iroh says: "You came just in time."
Cut to the spirits around the table, with a pair of conjoined frogs seated at the end, donned with garlands.
Korra says: "How can you marry each other?"
Korra says: "Aren't you..."
May says: "Complete opposites?"
May says: "I know!"
Jim says: "I tried to fight it, but she really grew on me!"
Iroh says: "The Spirit World is very mysterious, but so is love."
Iroh says: "Help yourself to some tea and cakes."
Iroh says: "of course, you won't lose any either!"
Korra says: "This part of the Spirit World isn't so scary."
Korra says: "My teapot!"
Iroh says: "That's right."
Iroh says: "It was yours long, long ago."
Iroh says: "You know, when you make tea in it, you can still taste a little light in every cup."
Korra takes a sip and smiles contently.
Cut to Wan Shi Tong's Library, where Furry-Foot and Jinora descend. Cut to the interior, where multiple Knowledge Seekers are managing the shelves. Jinora looks at the library in awe.
Jinora says: "Wow."
Jinora says: "I could just stay in here forever, reading."
Wan Shi Tong swoops down and lands next to her, leading a gust of wind that flaps her clothes.
Wan Shi Tong says: "The last human who said that is still here."
Wan Shi Tong turns to his right, and Jinora follows suit. The scene zooms out to the shelves, revealing Zei's body, which had already decomposed to a skeleton.
Jinora says: "Professor Zei!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "I see that you have some knowledge of the past, so you should know that humans are no longer allowed in my library."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Get out."
Jinora says: "I thought anyone could come in if they brought you some new knowledge?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Those are the old rules."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Besides, what has a little girl got to teach Wan Shi Tong, he who knows ten thousand things?"
Jinora says: "Well, since you've been down in the Spirit World, the humans have invented radio."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Yes, I am well aware of the radio."
Jinora says: "But do you know how it works?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Of course I do!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "There is a box, and inside the box, there is a tiny man who sings and plays musical instruments."
Jinora says: "Actually, when we speak, our voices produce sound waves."
Wan Shi Tong says: "All right, enough."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I did not know this."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Still, I am not interested in that human garbage."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Now, go away."
Jinora says: "My grandfather was the Avatar, and I came to the Spirit World with the new Avatar to find the spirit portals."
Jinora says: "I would think that you'd wanna help me."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You came with the Avatar, hm?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Well, why didn't you say so!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Fine, you may look around."
Wan Shi Tong says: "But don't break anything- I'll know."
Jinora says: "Come on, Furry-Foot, we gotta hurry!"
Cut to Iroh's teashop, close-up of a Pai Sho board.
Iroh says: "They say that the game of Pai Sho was invented by the spirits..."
Iroh says: "although some of them don't seem to grasp it very well."
Lotus spirit says: "Just hold on."
Lotus spirit says: "I'm thinking."
Iroh says: "As you can see, it is a game that requires great patience."
Iroh says: "But time does not mean much to us here."
Korra says: "How long have you lived here?"
Iroh says: "Oh, I've been here for many years."
Iroh says: "I had always enjoyed the company of the spirits,  Korra, what's wrong?"
Korra says: "I came here with my friend, but I lost her and now I'm all alone."
Iroh says: "You're not alone Korra, it's okay."
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "It's not okay!"
Korra says: "Jinora's gone and I need to find her!"
Korra says: "She's lost, and we need to go home!"
As Korra screams and throws a tantrum, the dark cloud above the mountain grows in size. Cut to the teashop, which becomes darkened, and the spirits turn dull and angry.
May says: "Did you say something to her?"
Jim says: "Me?"
Jim says: "You're the one with the big mouth!"
Iroh says: "Korra, please stop!"
Iroh says: "Look at what you're doing to everyone!"
Korra says: "I did that?"
Iroh says: "In the Spirit World, your emotions become your reality- especially for the Avatar, because you are the bridge between the two worlds."
Iroh says: "You must try to stay positive."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
The spirits calm down before returning to their normal color. The dark cloud above the mountain also retreats back to the peak, causing the sky to brighten up.
Iroh says: "There, you see?"
Korra says: "I can make the sun shine?"
Iroh says: "Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it."
Iroh says: "But if you look for the dark,  that is all you will ever see."
Korra says: "I'm looking for my friend."
Korra says: "I want her here now!"
Korra says: "Why didn't she come out like the sun?"
Iroh says: "I'm afraid finding her won't be so easy."
Korra says: "But what am I supposed to do?"
Iroh says: "Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else."
Korra says: "I'll take him home!"
Korra says: "Where do I go?"
Iroh says: "The dragon bird nest is located there, at the top of Hai-Riyo Peak."
Iroh points toward the dark craggy mountain, which is filled with dark clouds.
Cut to Wan Shi Tong's Library.
Jinora says: "Ugh, it's not in here either!"
Jinora says: "I have to find the portals."
Jinora says: "Korra is probably waiting for me there right now!"
Jinora says: "I need to find a map that shows where the spirit portals are, could you help me?"
Jinora says: "Thanks, this is it!"
Jinora says: "The Tree of Time!"
Jinora says: "That's where Avatar Wan imprisoned Vaatu!"
Jinora says: "The elders believe that as long as the portals are closed during the Harmonic Convergence, Vaatu will remain imprisoned and the battle between good and evil will not be fought again."
Jinora says: "But, if both portals are open, spirit energy is amplified greatly."
Jinora says: "During the Harmonic Convergence, this energy will be great enough to allow Vaatu to break free from his bonds, and the material world will again risk being consumed by darkness."
Jinora says: "We have to warn Korra!"
Unalaq says: "Leaving so soon?"
Unalaq says: "When Wan Shi Tong told me he had a visitor, I had to see it with my own eyes."
Unalaq says: "I can't believe Tenzin sent his daughter here instead of coming himself - what kind of a father is he?"
Jinora says: "Better than you."
Jinora says: "Wan Shi Tong, how can you be helping him?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Unalaq has proven to be a true friend to the spirits - unlike the Avatar."
Jinora says: "Why would you wanna help Vaatu escape?"
Jinora says: "He'll destroy everything!"
Unalaq says: "Don't believe everything you read."
Unalaq says: "Why don't you come with me, so you can do some firsthand research?"
Jinora says: "Furry-Foot..."
Jinora says: "?"
Cut to the foot of Hai-Riyo Peak.
Korra says: "This looks scary."
Korra says: "Will you come with me?"
Iroh says: "This is something that you must do on your own."
Iroh says: "The people who have been coming to the Spirit World lately have brought darkness and anger."
Iroh says: "So that is what you see now."
Iroh says: "But you have light and peace inside of you."
Iroh says: "If you let it out, you can change the world around you."
Iroh says: "Besides, look at this little fellow."
Iroh says: "This mountain is his home."
Iroh says: "When you first met him, you were frightened."
Iroh says: "But does he seem scary to you now?"
Korra says: "No!"
Iroh says: "Many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine light on them."
Iroh says: "It was good to meet you."
Iroh says: "Come visit me again - in this life, or the next."
Korra says: "Bye!"
Korra says: "Okay, time for you to go home."
Korra says: "Light and peace..."
Korra says: "light and peace..."
Cut to a platform above Korra where three dark spirits stand.
Korra says: "I'm not afraid of you."
Korra says: "You're not scary!"
Korra says: "You just look that way."
Korra says: "I have light inside!"
Korra says: "It's okay, you can be my friends."
Korra says: "My name is Korra, and I'm taking this dragon bird home!"
Korra says: "Iroh said you could be nice."
Korra says: "Do you wanna help me?"
Korra says: "All right, now let's close that portal and go find Jinora."
Cut to Spirit World intersection.
Korra says: "That's where Vaatu is."
Vaatu says: "So you've returned, Raava."
Vaatu says: "The Harmonic Convergence is coming soon, and this time, I'm going to wipe you out for good."
Korra says: "I think you've said that before, Vaatu."
Korra says: "But I'm here to close the portal."
Korra says: "You're not getting out."
Vaatu says: "You might want to reconsider- that is if you want to save your friend."
Unalaq appears, levitating Jinora in front of him, and encircling her with purple water. Jinora's body slowly changes its color to purple.
Korra says: "Jinora!"
Korra says: "I can't believe I trusted you!"
Korra says: "You made me think you wanted to restore balance with spirits, but this- this isn't balance, it's madness!"
Korra says: "Now let her go!"
Unalaq says: "If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now."
Jinora says: "Don't do it Korra!"
Unalaq says: "What will it be?"
Unalaq says: "Open the portal- or lose your friend's soul forever?"
Korra says: "Stop!"
Korra says: "I'll do it."
Unalaq says: "You should've come through the portal."
Unalaq says: "Then you could do this!"
Jinora says: "Ahhh!"
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Jinora is carried away by dark Furry-Foot. Unalaq uses his technique on Korra.
Korra says: "Ahhh!"
When Korra is almost covered with the purple light, dragon bird spirit attacks Unalaq and carries Korra away, with her body changing color to normal again.
Vaatu says: "I'll see you soon, Raava."
Vaatu says: "Once the Harmonic Convergence comes, I'll be free from this prison, and then I will have my revenge!"
Cut to the ancient airbender meditation circle near the Eastern Air Temple.
Tenzin says: "Korra!"
Tenzin says: "What was it like?"
Tenzin says: "Did you manage to close the portal?"
Tenzin says: "Was Jinora able to help you?"
Korra says: "Tenzin- I'm..."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Tenzin says: "Where's Jinora?"
Tenzin says: "W-Why isn't she waking up?"
Tenzin says: "Korra!"
Tenzin says: "What happened to my little girl?"
Fade to credits.