Cut to an aerial shot of the Republic City harbor, where Varrick's yacht is docked. Cut to Chief Lin Beifong, who oversees Water Tribe criminals being loaded into trucks before noticing Team Avatar departing the yacht. Lin walks up to Korra and Mako.
Lin says: "Welcome home, Avatar."
Lin says: "Thanks for starting a war."
Korra says: "I didn't start a war."
Korra says: "Well, I did, but it's more complicated than you're making it seem."
Lin says: "Mako, I want you back on the beat."
Lin says: "There's going to be a Southern Water Tribe peace march tonight."
Lin says: "I need you there to make sure things don't get out of hand."
Mako says: "I'm all yours."
Korra says: "I'll go too."
Korra says: "The people of the South need to see that the Avatar is on their side in the fight against the Northern invaders."
Mako says: "Maybe you should sit this out."
Korra says: "What?"
Mako says: "I just think having you there blatantly supporting one side will only make things worse."
Mako says: "You could at least try to seem neutral."
Korra says: "I'm not neutral!"
Korra says: "The North invaded my home."
Korra says: "The only reason I'm here is to get the Republic to send troops to help the South."
Varrick says: "Zhu Li's already scheduled a meeting for us with President Raiko tomorrow."
Varrick says: "We'll get them on board."
Mako says: "Whatever, I gotta go to work."
Asami says: "I better go check on my factory."
Korra says: "I'm going to find out about this peace march."
Varrick says: "And I am dying for a pedicure."
Bolin says: "So, um, what should I be doing?"
Mako says: "I don't know, Bolin."
Mako says: "Figure something out."
Bolin says: "Sure, I live here."
Varrick says: "Have you really seen it?"
Bolin says: "Y- no?"
Varrick says: "That's what I thought."
Varrick says: "Come on."
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe war room.
General says: "Tonraq and the rebels are holed up here in the hills outside of town."
Unalaq says: "Leave them."
Unalaq says: "My brother's no threat to us up there."
Unalaq says: "Increase security around the spirit portal."
Unalaq says: "Keeping it safe is our number one priority."
General says: "Yes, sir!"
The general leaves the war room. He opens the door to find Desna and a deranged Eska in a bridal gown and smudged make-up. He leaves the room in fear, keeping a distance from Eska. The twins approach their father.
Unalaq says: "I need you two to go after the Avatar."
Unalaq says: "She's the only one who can open the Northern spirit portal."
Unalaq says: "I told Korra what I thought she needed to hear."
Eska says: "I'll find her."
Eska says: "She stole my husband."
Unalaq says: "I need her alive."
Eska says: "Fine."
Cut to the Southern Air Temple, where Meelo is training Poki, while Tenzin is reading a scroll.
Meelo says: "Watch me, Poki."
Meelo says: "Roll."
Meelo says: "Over."
Tenzin says: "No, no, you can't just demonstrate it."
Tenzin says: "That never works."
Tenzin says: "Ugh, classic over-rewarding."
Meelo is using a treat to play with Poki, while a noise is heard from a distance. Poki follows the noise and flies off.
Meelo says: "Poki, where are you going?"
Tenzin says: "Command respect."
Tenzin says: "Having some trouble, son?"
Meelo says: "Poki isn't very good at learning."
Tenzin says: "Believe me, I know the feeling."
Tenzin says: "Maybe I can help."
Tenzin says: "How would you like your old dad to teach you how to be a master trainer?"
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center, with a statue of Sokka overlooking the compound. A huge number of people have congregated, while police riot vehicles have been employed to control the crowd. Cut to Chief Lin Beifong overlooking the event with her officers. Cut to Southerners being led by Korra riding atop Naga. Some of them are holding lit candles on paper lotuses, while others are holding signs.
Reporter says: "Tensions are running up high outside of the Southern Water Tribe Cultural Center."
Reporter says: "The Avatar is leading a group of Southerners in a peaceful protest against Chief Unalaq, but the Northerners have come out in droves in support of their leader."
Northern protesters says: "Boo!"
Northern protesters says: "Get out of here!"
Northern protesters says: "Boo!"
Northern protesters says: "Get a real job!"
Northern protesters says: "Get out of here!"
Cut to the back of the cultural center, where Mako is on patrol. Two suspicious characters are stealthily escaping, but one steps on a can, alerting Mako.
Mako says: "Hey!"
Mako says: "Stop!"
Mako says: "Republic City Police!"
A man presses a remote controller before running. Mako pursues them but is stopped by an explosion. He controls the spread of the fire with firebending. Cut to the front of the center, which explodes, leaving everyone looking on in fear and shock. Cut to the back of the center, where Mako is fighting the men. He throws multiple fire blasts and kicks, but one of them retaliates with firebending. He is subsequently knocked off and drops the remote, but makes his way into the getaway Satomobile. Mako attacks the Satomobile with a fire blast, but they manage to escape. He walks up to the remote and picks it up. Cut to the front of the center, where Korra is extinguishing the fire using water from the fountain.
Korra says: "The Northern Water Tribe is out of control!"
Mako says: "I saw a firebender running away from the blast."
Mako says: "The North might not be responsible for this."
Korra says: "Of course, they're responsible."
Korra says: "Who else would it be?"
Cut to the Pro-bending Arena, where there is a parked limousine. Bolin, Varrick, and Zhu Li are standing outside the limo, while photographers are continually taking pictures. Bolin is in surprise, while Varrick is waving at the audience.
Bolin says: "Wow."
Bolin says: "Usually, when I see flashing lights like this, it's because I got hit in the head with a rock."
Varrick says: "Being famous is like getting hit with a rock all the time."
Cut to the interior of the arena, where Varrick and Bolin take their seats in a VIP booth.
Spectator says: "Look!"
Spectator says: "It's Bolin!"
The crowd chants out Bolin's name, which Bolin responds to by waving and flexing his muscles.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Folks, that cheer you're hearing is for local favorite, Bolin, of the Fire Ferrets."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Let's see if we can get a quick interview."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin, the Fire Ferrets are out for the season."
Shiro Shinobi says: "How have you been spending your time lately?"
Bolin says: "Well, I took a trip South for the Glacier Spirits Festival, was briefly engaged to a princess, then went through kind of a tough breakup there, was accidentally involved in a civil war..."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Do you miss being in the ring?"
Bolin says: "Well, I definitely don't miss getting hit with things all the time, and the humiliating losing."
Bolin says: "I mean, that gets pretty old."
Bolin says: "You know, sometimes I actually cry myself to sleep..."
Bolin leaves the booth, where Varrick is waiting at the entrance.
Varrick says: "Look how these people love you, kid!"
Varrick says: "They're eating that cornball spiel right out of your hand."
Bolin says: "The trick is, whenever I get confused, I just say "Republic City" or "fans", and then everyone cheers."
Varrick says: "I think I just figured out your true calling."
Cut to City Hall.
Korra says: "I hope President Raiko listens to us."
Varrick says: "Don't worry."
Varrick says: "I was a big contributor to his election campaign."
Varrick says: "Him and the other guy."
Varrick says: "Gotta hedge your bets."
Cut to the office interior.
Korra says: "Hello, Mr."
Korra says: "President."
Raiko says: "Just a second."
Raiko says: "Keep smiling."
Raiko says: "Now, how can I help the Avatar and my most generous supporter?"
Korra says: "Unalaq's troops have invaded the South."
Korra says: "We need you to send the United Forces to help."
Raiko says: "I'm very concerned by what's happening down there."
Raiko says: "But I don't think it's the Republic's place to interfere with internal Water Tribe matters."
Korra says: "Unalaq isn't even the rightful ruler of the Water Tribe."
Korra says: "He lied his way onto the Northern throne."
Varrick says: "Mr."
Varrick says: "President, the Republic is already involved in this conflict."
Varrick says: "The North attacked our cultural center last night."
Raiko says: "Believe me, we are doing everything we can to bring the people responsible to justice."
Korra says: ""The people responsible"?"
Korra says: "Who else would it be but the Northerners?"
Korra says: "You're the one who's lost perspective."
Korra says: "I'm trying to save my tribe, and you're taking pictures."
Raiko says: "Sending troops is not something I can do at this time."
Raiko says: "But I promise I will work with Unalaq and the South for a diplomatic solution."
Raiko says: "Now, I'm sorry, but my mind is made up."
Raiko says: "This meeting is over."
Korra says: "My family is going to be wiped out, and it'll be on your head for doing nothing about it."
Raiko has a guilty look in his eyes while the camera focuses on his face.
Cut to Mako's residence.
Korra says: "I can't believe the President is doing nothing!"
Korra says: "H-He doesn't even care!"
Mako says: "I'm sure he cares, but he can't just tell his people to go fight a battle at the South Pole that has nothing to do with them."
Korra says: "How could you take his side?"
Mako says: "What's with you and sides?"
Mako says: "Why do you always think I'm working against you?"
Korra says: "Well, you're not helping me!"
Korra says: "I'm trying to get troops to the South."
Korra says: "What are you doing?"
Mako says: "I'm doing my job."
Korra says: "Well, excuse me, officer."
Korra says: "Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets."
Korra says: "I'm just trying to save the world."
Mako says: "Well, you wouldn't have to if you didn't keep messing it up!"
Korra says: "I can't talk to you when you're like this."
Mako says: "You're the one who's like this!"
Cut to the harbor, where Asami is walking, but gets cut off by Korra.
Asami says: "Huh?"
Asami says: "Hey!"
Asami says: "In a hurry?"
Korra says: "Sorry, I have to talk to Varrick."
Asami says: "Yeah, me too."
Korra and Asami enter Varrick's yacht. There are stray arrows everywhere. An arrow nearly hits Asami, but Korra pulls her out of the way. Both girls turn to see a blindfolded Varrick holding a bow, while Bolin and Zhu Li stand next to him.
Varrick says: "See?"
Varrick says: "I told you I could do it."
Bolin says: "Sorry I ever doubted you."
Korra says: "We can't wait for the President to act."
Korra says: "We need those troops now."
Asami says: "And my company is about to go under."
Asami says: "I have to find a way to make some sales."
Varrick says: "Right, okay."
Varrick says: "Got it."
Varrick says: "Idea storm!"
Varrick says: "Okay, here come the ideas."
Varrick says: "Fast and furious."
Varrick says: "Pink mint lemon tea."
Varrick says: "Radio for pets."
Varrick says: "Uh, hand shoes."
Varrick says: "Hold on a tic."
Varrick says: "We don't need the President to go to the South."
Varrick says: "We just need the troops!"
Varrick says: "Let's go straight to them!"
Varrick says: "If there's one thing I know about troops, it's that they love fighting."
Korra says: "I know General Iroh."
Korra says: "He might be willing to help us."
Varrick says: "A man on the inside."
Varrick says: "Perfect!"
Varrick says: "And you need to sell some mecha tanks."
Varrick says: "I know some people who need them."
Varrick says: "We'll ship 'em South."
Korra says: "That's perfect!"
Korra says: "You'll be making money for your company and you'll be helping to defeat Unalaq."
Varrick says: "It's true."
Varrick says: "If you can't make money during a war, you just flat-out cannot make money."
Asami says: "It's dangerous on the seas right now, but I'm willing to try if you are."
Varrick says: "It'll be crazy risky, but I love crazy risky!"
Varrick says: "End storm!"
Korra says: "I don't understand why it's so hard to get Republic City to support the South."
Varrick says: "Don't worry, I'm already working on that."
Varrick says: "As soon as people see this, they'll be lining up to fight Unalaq."
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, do the, uh-- the thing."
Bolin says: "Don't freak out."
Bolin says: "It's not real."
Varrick says: "I had a film crew documenting the entire Northern invasion."
The screen shows troops amassing at the harbor. It subsequently cuts to troops waterbending, followed by Eska, who notices the camera.
Bolin says: "Ahhh!"
Bolin says: "Sorry."
Bolin says: "I keep doing that."
Varrick says: "We're gonna cut this footage together with scenes we shoot of our superstar Bolin here playing a Southern Water Tribe hero  battling the evil Unalaq."
Varrick says: "No one will root for the North after they see "The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South"!"
Bolin says: "I'm Nuktuk!"
Bolin says: "What do you think?"
Cut to Mako's residence, where Mako is flipping through a book of criminals' faces.
Bolin says: "Oh, man, you should have seen Varrick today."
Bolin says: "That guy is a genius."
Mako says: "Uh-huh."
Bolin says: "He's gonna help Asami sell her mecha tanks to the South, and he came up with this great idea for Korra to get General Iroh to fight Unalaq without President Raiko ever even knowing."
Mako says: "What?"
Mako says: "That's a terrible idea!"
Bolin says: "And he's gonna put me in the movers as this hero, Nuktuk!"
Bolin says: "He's a man of action, but he's got a heart of gold."
Bolin says: "He was born in the tundra."
Mako says: "Look, I'm trying to do something that's actually important here."
Bolin says: "Oh."
Bolin says: "Oh, sorry."
Bolin says: "Uh, sure."
Bolin says: "What is it?"
Mako says: "Something doesn't make sense about this bombing."
Mako says: "I just don't buy that the Northern Water Tribe was behind it."
Bolin says: "Glad I could help."
Bolin says: "Nuktuk saves the day again!"
Cut to Southern Air Temple.
Tenzin says: "All right, Meelo, the first thing you need to do as a trainer is establish dominance."
Tenzin says: "You are in charge."
Tenzin says: "Never forget that."
Tenzin says: "Now call Poki."
Meelo says: "Poki, no!"
Tenzin says: "Meelo..."
Tenzin says: "you're rewarding him for bad behavior."
Meelo says: "But he's tickling me."
Cut to the bedroom, where Meelo and Poki are about to sleep.
Tenzin says: "You can't let him nap in the bed with you."
Tenzin says: "You are the alpha lemur."
Tenzin says: "He has to sleep on the floor."
Tenzin says: "but it's for the best."
Meelo says: "No, Poki, this is my bed."
Tenzin says: "I know."
Cut to the police headquarters.
Raiko says: "How did this Cultural Center attack happen right under your nose?"
Raiko says: "And why haven't you arrested the Northerners responsible?"
Lin says: "We're working on it, sir."
Raiko says: "Well, work harder!"
Raiko says: "If you don't get any results soon, I'm going to find someone who can."
Mako says: "I got a break in the bombing case."
Mako says: "I I."
Mako says: "D."
Mako says: "'d the guy I saw at the scene."
Lu says: "That's great, Mako."
Gang says: "Yeah, you better run that in to Beifong right now."
Mako says: "You think?"
Lu says: "Sure."
Lu says: "You're gonna be a hero!"
Mako looks confidently at the picture before entering Lin's office. Lu and Gang laugh and make their signature handshake.
Lin says: "What makes a rookie beat cop think he can interrupt my meeting with the President?"
Mako says: "I'm sorry, I just-- um, I found something out about the bombing."
Lin says: "Well, give it to Lu and Gang, you moron."
Lu says: "Sorry."
Lu says: "Was she busy?"
Mako says: "This is the guy I saw sneaking out of the building right before the explosions."
Mako says: "He's a member of the Agni Kais."
Mako says: "Someone must have hired him to make it look like Northerners attacked the Cultural Center."
Gang says: "Hmm."
Mako says: "Did you learn anything about that remote control I found at the scene?"
Mako says: "That's gotta be the key to finding out who's really responsible."
Lu says: "Listen, kid, it was the Northern Water Tribe, okay?"
Gang says: "Yeah, give it a rest, Super Cop."
Mako returns to the desk while President Raiko exits Lin's office and walks to Mako's desk.
Raiko says: "I've heard good things about you."
Raiko says: "You've made some big triad busts for a rookie."
Mako says: "Thank you, sir."
Raiko says: "And you're dating the Avatar, right?"
Mako says: "Yes, sir."
Raiko says: "I'm concerned that she might be getting some bad advice from Varrick."
Raiko says: "You wouldn't happen to know if they're plotting anything that might compromise the security of Republic City, would you, officer?"
Raiko says: "Let me remind you that you've sworn an oath."
Raiko says: "You're a man of the law before anything else."
Mako says: "Yes, sir."
Raiko says: "Well, keep up the good work."
Mako says: "Wait, there's something you should know."
Cut to the United Forces Harbor.
Korra says: "Thank you for seeing me, General Iroh."
Iroh says: "What can I do?"
Korra says: "The South needs military support before Unalaq wipes them out completely, but the President is refusing to give the order."
Korra says: "So I decided to come to you directly."
Iroh says: "I see."
Iroh says: "Well, suppose I were to take the fleet South on some routine training maneuvers."
Iroh says: "And let's say we were to accidentally run into a hostile Northern blockade."
Iroh says: "We'd have no choice but to defend ourselves, wouldn't we?"
Korra says: "I guess you wouldn't."
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Raiko says: "Swapping old war stories?"
Iroh says: "Mr."
Iroh says: "President."
Raiko says: "I hope you're not planning to take any military action without an order from your commander-in-chief?"
Iroh says: "Of course not, sir."
Raiko says: "Good."
Raiko says: "Because if a single vessel leaves this harbor without my say-so, you'll be court-martialed."
Raiko says: "Am I clear?"
Iroh says: "Crystal, sir."
Korra says: "I hate that guy!"
Iroh says: "I'm sorry."
Iroh says: "My hands are officially tied."
Korra says: "I understand."
Korra says: "Thanks anyway."
Iroh says: "But you should talk to the Fire Lord."
Iroh says: "My mother and grandfather have always been good friends with the Avatar, and the Southern Water Tribe."
Iroh says: "I'm sure they'll be willing to help."
Korra says: "Thank you, General."
Cut to Varrick's yacht, where Bolin is filming in a revealing Water Tribe outfit.
Bolin says: "Wouldn't I be cold wearing this outfit in the snow?"
Varrick says: "Ah, Nuktuk is never cold."
Bolin says: "Hey, Ginger."
Varrick says: "How about that, huh?"
Varrick says: "It's the latest product in my Varri-manageable Hair Line: Varri-dye!"
Varrick says: "We get some shots of her using it before Unalaq kidnaps her, I guarantee we sell a million cases week one."
Korra says: "Bolin, I need you to watch Naga while I'm gone."
Bolin says: "Where are you going?"
Korra says: "The Fire Nation."
Korra says: "I'm going to try to get them to help the South."
Korra says: "I need a boat."
Varrick says: "What happened with General Iroh?"
Korra says: "He was going to help, but then President Raiko showed up."
Korra says: "Someone must have tipped him off, but I can't figure it out."
Korra says: "No one knew about it except for us and Asami."
Bolin says: "And Mako."
Korra says: "Mako?"
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "Right?"
Cut to the Southern Air Temple.
Tenzin says: "Well done, Meelo!"
Tenzin says: "I knew you could learn to train Poki."
Meelo says: "Not just Poki."
Meelo says: "I trained all the lemurs."
Meelo says: "Watch!"
Meelo blows a whistle, causing Poki to run away and fly. It is accompanied by many more lemurs. Meelo's entire family look on in awe. Meelo blows his whistle, commanding the lemurs to fly toward the direction in which he is pointing. On a final blow and a point to the ground, all the lemurs land on the floor, with Poki at the center.
Tenzin says: "Uh, maybe we should forget about all this training discipline for now."
Tenzin says: "Why don't you and Poki just have fun and play?"
Meelo says: "Thanks, dad, training makes me tired."
Meelo says: "Come on, Poki."
Meelo runs back to his room with Poki. With a blow of his whistle, all the remaining lemurs leave the scene.
Cut to the police office, where Korra kicks the door open.
Korra says: "You ratted me out to the President?"
Mako says: "Korra, let me explain."
Korra says: "Explain why my boyfriend stabbed me in the back?"
Mako says: "Look, the President of the Republic asked me a direct question."
Mako says: "What was I supposed to do?"
Mako says: "Enough!"
Mako says: "Look, I have a job to do!"
Mako says: "I can't constantly be worrying about keeping you from making another huge mistake!"
Korra says: "Well, I have a job to do too, only it seems like you're always standing in the way of me getting it done!"
Mako says: "Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship!"
Korra says: "So, what?"
Korra says: "Are you breaking up with me?"
Mako says: "Yeah."
Mako says: "I guess I am."
A tearful Korra runs out of the office. Lin exits her office in shock.
Lin says: "What the flameo happened here?!"
Lin says: "!"
Mako says: "I broke up with the Avatar."
Lin says: "You got off easy."
Lin says: "You shoulda seen Air Temple Island after Tenzin broke up with me!"
Cut to the Mo Ce Sea, where Korra is driving a speedboat with a tear on her face. She wipes it off but is interrupted by a bump. She looks back and notices her cousins are attacking her with waterbending.
Eska says: "You ruined my wedding!"
Eska throws a stream at Korra, but she manages to dodge it. She destroys her cousins' jet skis, but they glide on the water and soon catch up with her.
Eska says: "No one steals my Bolin!"
Eska destroys Korra's speedboat, throwing her overboard. Underwater, Korra emerges from a waterspout and attacks her cousins with firebending, while avoiding their waterbending attacks. Eska manages to knock Korra off, but Korra regains her balance with an airspout before jumping on another waterspout. She quickly bends a water dome, trapping her cousins. Cut to Eska and Desna shielding themselves from the water before they notice a green glow underwater. Both look at each other and retreat. Korra notices her cousins retreating and starts descending.
A giant dark spirit emerges and Korra dodges its attacks but is knocked off her waterspout. Underwater, Korra enters the Avatar State and re-emerges. She attempts to purify the spirit, causing it to glow golden, except for the head. The spirit prepares to head underwater, but re-emerges at the last minute and proceeds to devour Korra. Korra futilely firebends at the spirit before being swallowed and dragged into the water below.
Cut to Eska and Desna, who have witnessed the entire incident. They leave the scene.