The scene begins at the tribal palace, where Northern troops are marching to Southern civilians, creating a commotion.
Northern soldier says: "Everyone, clear the streets!"
Northern soldier says: "Get back in your homes."
The civilians remain still and look at the troops with contempt. The Northern soldier gestures and two waterbenders bend ice barricades, separating the civilians. The troops continue marching.
Cut to the harbor where waterbenders are forming ice walls around the docks, preventing ships from leaving. Cut to Korra and Unalaq.
Korra says: "Uncle, why did you bring your troops down from the North?"
Unalaq says: "Now that you've opened the Southern portal, we need to protect it from the people who would do the spirits harm."
Korra says: "I can protect it."
Unalaq says: "I need you for something more important."
Unalaq says: "There is another portal, in the North."
Unalaq says: "Once you open it, spirits and man will be able to move freely between the North and the South in a matter of seconds."
Korra says: "But, the solstice is over."
Korra says: "How am I going to open it?"
Unalaq says: "The spiritual energy is much stronger in the North."
Unalaq says: "And now that you've opened the Southern portal, your energy is stronger as well."
Korra says: "With both portals open, our tribes will be united again."
Unalaq says: "The world will be united again."
The setting changes to the Southern Air Temple, where Tenzin and Pema are relaxing. Kya is sitting on a rock, feeding lemurs.
Tenzin says: "Aaand, it's over."
Bumi says: "Gooood morning, Universe."
Kya says: "Bumi, please, cover yourself."
Bumi says: "Well, lookee here, "Vacation Tenzin" has finally decided to join us."
Tenzin says: "Yes, he has."
Tenzin says: "And I've really enjoyed having you two around."
Tenzin says: "Reminds me of all those great vacations we took as kids with Dad."
Kya says: "Uhh, I think your memory's a little foggy."
Kya says: "Bumi and I weren't on those great vacations."
Kya says: "It was always just you and Dad."
Tenzin says: "No, that can't be right."
Tenzin says: "What about the time he took us to Kyoshi Island to ride the elephant koi?"
Kya says: "Nope, we weren't there."
Tenzin says: "Hmm."
Tenzin says: "Oh, remember Ember Island?"
Tenzin says: "Those amazing sand palaces we built on the beach."
Bumi says: "You mean, you built?"
Bumi says: "We never saw the place."
Tenzin says: "I could've sworn."
Jinora and Meelo arrive at the scene on air scooters. Poki flies and lands on Meelo's head when both siblings land on solid ground.
Bumi says: "Morning, kids!"
Meelo says: "Morning, Uncle Bumi!"
Pema says: "Where's your sister?"
Jinora says: "Who?"
Pema says: "Ikki."
Pema says: "About this tall."
Pema says: "Talks real fast."
Pema says: "I'm sure you know her."
Jinora says: "Uhh..."
Meelo says: "There was a lemur fight, but the bison told us not to worry because a giant was coming."
Meelo says: "Then we almost got eaten by a shark-squid!"
Pema says: "Jinora, were you and Meelo teasing your sister again?"
Jinora says: "Yes."
Meelo says: "She ran away."
Pema says: "Honestly, I don't know why you kids can't just get along!"
Tenzin says: "I'll find her."
Bumi says: "Commander Bumi reporting for duty!"
Bumi says: "Search-and-rescue missions are my specialty."
Kya says: "What do you say we all go together?"
Tenzin says: "Sure, I could use the help."
Bumi says: "When I get back, we'll come out with a plan to take down that shark-squid once and for all!"
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Cut back to a Southern Water Tribe village, followed by the interior of Tonraq's house where there is a meeting.
Tonraq says: "Thank you for coming, everyone."
Tonraq says: "I know these last few days have been very troubling."
Tonraq says: "What's your point, Varrick?"
Varrick says: "My point is,  we can eat?"
Zhu Li says: "Probably a couple of days."
Varrick says: "Seriously, it's not rhetorical."
Varrick says: "I need to sell these fish."
Korra says: "Chief Unalaq is here to help the South."
Korra says: "He wants to show us how to restore balance with the spirits so they'll stop attacking."
Varrick says: "The only spirit I'm interested in restoring is our spirit of independence."
Varrick says: "Am I right, people?"
Korra says: "All Unalaq is trying to do is make our tribes unified again."
Varrick says: "No, he wants control of our wealth."
Varrick says: "My wealth."
Varrick says: "And I like my wealth."
Varrick says: "If Unalaq doesn't pull his forces out, then we have no choice but to fight for our freedom!"
Korra says: "You want to start a war?"
Korra says: "Are you crazy?"
Tonraq says: "Unalaq started this, not us."
Tonraq says: "I'm sorry, maybe you could speak with your uncle."
Tonraq says: "Tell him how frustrated we all are."
Tonraq says: "He'll listen to what the Avatar has to say."
Tonraq says: "Do it for me?"
Korra says: "I'll do it for the tribe."
Varrick says: "I cannot stop eating these things."
Varrick says: "Look, we all know where this conflict is heading."
Varrick says: "We need to start preparing for war."
Cut to a sweating Bolin pulling a rickshaw. Desna and Eska are seated at the back, with Pabu in Desna's hand.
Eska says: "I will hate to leave this quaint tribe."
Desna says: "Is that true, Eska?"
Eska says: "Of course not, Desna, I will not miss it at all."
Eska says: "I hold immense dislike for the South."
Eska says: "Bolin, laugh at my humorous quip!"
Bolin says: "Yes, dear."
Bolin stops the rickshaw and runs to the side where he earthbends a small flight of stairs before gesturing for Eska to walk down.
Bolin says: "Really."
Eska says: "But you will be coming with me to the North."
Eska says: "There we will live the rest of our lives together in icy bliss."
Eska says: "Foolish Bolin."
Mako says: "Uh, you all right, bro?"
Bolin says: "Don't make me."
Bolin says: "Oh, please, please don't make me."
Mako says: "Uh, hey, if you're that unhappy, just break up with her."
Bolin says: "Break up with her?"
Bolin says: "You can do that?"
Mako says: "Yeah."
Mako says: "Guys do that all the time."
Bolin says: "How?"
Mako says: "Just tell her you're not that into her anymore."
Bolin says: "Oh, no, no, I don't think she'd like that."
Mako says: "Ending a relationship is kind of like pulling off a blood-sucking leech."
Mako says: "You just gotta rip it off and get it over with."
Mako says: "You'll feel a lot better afterwards."
Mako says: "Trust me."
Bolin says: "Thanks, Mako."
Bolin says: "Whew."
Bolin says: "I'm lucky you're so good at breaking girls' hearts."
Bolin says: "Oooh, no, it's just a-, uh, you kn-, uh, never mind."
Now inside of the Southern Water Tribe palace, Korra walks in to see Unalaq sitting on the throne.
Unalaq says: "Our next training sessions isn't until tomorrow."
Korra says: "I'm sorry to interrupt."
Korra says: "It's about our conversation this morning."
Unalaq says: "Yes?"
Korra says: "I understand why you brought your troops here, but I'm afraid it's sending the wrong message."
Unalaq says: "Your father has been talking to you."
Korra says: "Not just him."
Korra says: "Varrick too."
Korra says: "There was a meeting at my parents' house."
Korra says: "A lot of Southerners feel like their tribe is being invaded."
Unalaq says: "I am their chief."
Unalaq says: "I'm uniting, not invading."
Korra says: "I know, but I'm just afraid if something doesn't change, there could be a civil war."
Unalaq says: "If the Water Tribes were at war, the other nations would take sides."
Unalaq says: "The dark spirits would thrive off this negative energy, and the world would be thrown into a battle between spirits and man."
Unalaq says: "That would be catastrophic."
Korra says: "How do we stop it?"
Unalaq says: "We?"
Unalaq says: "No, Korra."
Unalaq says: "This is a war only the Avatar can prevent."
Korra says: "I'm usually the one starting fights."
Korra says: "I don't know how to stop them from happening."
Unalaq says: "As the Avatar, you must remain neutral in this conflict."
Unalaq says: "You will naturally want to help your people, but showing favoritism will not help our tribes finds unity."
Korra says: "Maybe Tenzin was right."
Korra says: "Maybe I'm not ready to be the Avatar."
Unalaq says: "Tenzin lacked faith in you."
Unalaq says: "But I have no doubt that you will become the most admired Avatar the world has ever known."
Korra says: "Thank you, Uncle."
Cut to a snow-covered street where a group of four Northern soldiers are marching into view. The civilians glare at the soldiers hatefully. The soldiers glare at the civilians before being pelted by snowballs.
Northern soldier says: "Who threw those?"
Camera pans to roof, showing children giggling. A Northern soldier waterbends and sends the children to the ground.
Northern soldier says: "You hoodlums think you're tough, huh?"
Southern civilian says: "Pick on a waterbender your own size!"
Both civilians and soldiers waterbend, ready to attack.
Korra says: "Stop!"
Southern civilian says: "Tell these thugs to go back to the North."
Southern civilian says: "They're not welcome here anymore!"
Northern soldier says: "These Southerners need to stay in line."
Korra says: "Everyone, calm down."
Korra says: "You're all part of the same tribe, start acting like it."
Southern civilian says: "You're taking their side?"
Southern civilian says: "We thought you were one of us."
Korra says: "Hey!"
Little girl says: "You're the worst Avatar ever!"
Tonraq says: "Everyone, walk away from this."
Tonraq says: "They're not worth our trouble."
Tonraq says: "Go back to your homes."
Civilians drop their water and walk away. Soldiers follow suit.
Tonraq says: "Korra, I-  Korra!"
Cut to the Southern Air Temple.
Tenzin says: "Ikki!"
Tenzin says: "Ikki!"
Tenzin says: "Ikki?"
Tenzin says: "Ikki, where are you?"
Bumi says: "Just kidding."
Bumi says: "It's me!"
Tenzin groans in annoyance. Kya comes running up behind him.
Kya says: "There's no sign of her anywhere."
Tenzin says: "Why would Ikki run off like this?"
Tenzin says: "Ah, it's probably my fault."
Kya says: "Probably."
Tenzin says: "Excuse me?"
Kya says: "I'm guessing you've been so busy with your  "duty" to Republic City that you forgot about your duty to your kids."
Bumi says: ""Duty."
Kya says: "What are you, five years old?"
Tenzin says: "Kya, you're right."
Tenzin says: "I haven't been spending enough time with them."
Tenzin says: "I wish I could be as good a father as Dad was to us."
Kya says: "Tenzin, your problem is you're exactly like Dad."
Kya says: "He was so focused on saving the world and doing his duty,  don't laugh, that he never had time for us."
Tenzin says: "Dad was under a lot of pressure."
Bumi says: "He always had time for you, though,  his precious little airbender."
Tenzin says: "Dad loved us all equally."
Tenzin says: "Besides, it all happened a long time ago."
Tenzin says: "Why are we even talking about this?"
Kya says: "Because you seem to have some grandiose delusion that we had a perfect, happy-go-lucky childhood."
Kya says: "Guess what."
Kya says: "We didn't!"
Tenzin says: "We need to keep moving if we want to find Ikki before dark."
Kya says: "See what he's doing there, Bumi?"
Kya says: "Classic airbender technique."
Kya says: "Cutting and running when things get tough!"
Tenzin says: "Uch."
Bumi says: "Yeah."
Bumi says: "Did Dad teach you that move?"
Cut back to the Southern Water Tribe, where Korra rides atop Naga and approaches Mako.
Mako says: "How was your day, sweetie?"
Korra says: "My tribe's about to go to war, and I'm supposed to stop it, but will anyone listen to me?"
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "And I didn't ask for my father's help."
Korra says: "Can't he just let me be the Avatar?"
Mako says: "Uh, do you want advice, or am I just supposed to listen?"
Mako says: "I'm still not clear on that."
Korra says: "Ugh."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Korra says: "My dad just gets me all worked up."
Mako says: "How about you take a break from all this Avatar stuff, and we go out for a quiet dinner."
Mako says: "Just the two of us."
Korra grins, before the scene changes to a dining area where Korra gives a bored expression, while the camera pans to Mako, who gives the same expression. Cut to the opposite side where Desna and Eska are seated. Camera pans to Bolin.
Bolin says: "Isn't this fun, huh?"
Bolin says: "We never get to spend enough time together, just the..."
Bolin says: "five of us."
Bolin says: "So fun."
Eska says: "Excuse us while we retrieve more sustenance."
Bolin says: "You guys gotta save me."
Mako says: "I though you were breaking up with her."
Mako says: "What happened to "ripping off the leech"?"
Bolin says: "I tried!"
Bolin says: "But anytime I bring up the subject, she threatens to freeze me in a block of ice and feed me to dolphin piranhas!"
Mako says: "So it was more like you tugged at the leech."
Bolin says: "Yes, over and over and over, but it won't come off."
Bolin says: "Why didn't you warn me your cousin had the power to reach into my heart and crush my soul with her bare hands."
Korra says: "Uh, 'cause I thought it was pretty obvious?"
Bolin says: "No, no, not to me it wasn't."
Bolin says: "I'm very bad at reading people."
Bolin says: "You should know that by now."
Bolin says: "Oh, man."
Bolin says: "Oh!"
Bolin says: "Do something, Avatar!"
Cut back to the Southern Air Temple, where Bumi, Kya, and Tenzin are walking. It is getting dark and Tenzin is holding a lantern.
Bumi says: "You know, this reminds me of a search-and-rescue mission I commanded years ago in the mountains outside of Ba Sing Se."
Tenzin says: "Here we go."
Bumi says: "For five days we scoured the beast of a mountain, fighting our ways through blizzards, sandstorms, and three typhoons."
Bumi says: "Finally, we found the men huddled in a cave, seconds from death."
Bumi says: "With no time to lose, I piled all twelve of those poor souls on my back and single-handedly carried them down the mountain to safety."
Tenzin says: "And how exactly is that supposed to help us find Ikki?"
Bumi says: "It was supposed to inspire you."
Bumi says: "Clearly, you know nothing about being a leader of men."
Bumi says: "That's probably why the Avatar fired you."
Tenzin says: "I'm sick of your far-fetched tales."
Tenzin says: "Three typhoons?"
Kya says: "Quit arguing and bring that lantern over here."
Kya says: "I found footprints."
Tenzin walks up to Kya and follows the footprints with his lantern.
Tenzin says: "Come on!"
Bumi says: "No, follow me!"
Bumi says: "This will get us down fifty times faster."
Kya says: "Bumi, it's pitch black and the rocks are slippery."
Kya says: "You're going to hurt yourself."
Bumi says: "Come on, you wimps!"
Bumi says: "If I can do it, it should be no problem for a couple of benders."
Kya says: "Fine."
Kya descends the waterfall using waterbending to hold her. Tenzin leaps from ledge to ledge, using airbending to boost his leap. Both soon overtake their older brother, who grumbles.
Kya says: "You were right, Bumi!"
Kya says: "That was faster!"
Tenzin says: "At least fifty times faster, by my calculations."
Bumi says: "Oh, so Tenzin's the funny guy now."
Tenzin says: "If you need an airlift down, just say the word."
Bumi says: "Bah, I don't need your help."
Bumi says: "I've got everything under control."
Bumi says: "Agh!"
Tenzin says: "Bumi!"
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe, where Korra is riding back to her home. She enters and finds her mother seated.
Korra says: "Did Dad send you to talk to me?"
Senna says: "Your father doesn't know I'm here."
Senna says: "Korra, what's going on between you two?"
Korra says: "Ask Dad."
Senna says: "I've tried, but he won't talk about it."
Senna says: "Honey, it breaks my heart to see our family being torn apart like this."
Korra says: "You want to know what's been going on?"
Korra says: "I found out Dad's been lying to me my whole life."
Korra says: "Unalaq told me everything; how Dad and Tenzin kept me trapped down here while I trained; how Dad got banished from the North."
Senna says: "So, the truth is out."
Korra says: "You knew?"
Korra says: "And you never said anything."
Senna says: "We were trying to keep our family together, to give you a normal childhood."
Korra says: "I never wanted a normal childhood."
Korra says: "All I ever wanted to be was the Avatar."
Korra says: "But everyone keeps holding me back, even my own parents!"
Korra says: "Unalaq's the only one who believes in me."
Senna says: "That's not true, Korra."
Korra says: "No?"
Korra says: "Then why is everyone in the South turning against me, when all I'm trying to do is help them?"
Senna says: "The problems between the North and the South started long before you were born."
Senna says: "You can't expect to undo them in a day."
Korra says: "So I should just sit back and let the Water Tribes go to war?"
Senna says: "No, but this situation might be out of your control."
Senna says: "Varrick's been plotting a rebellion against Unalaq."
Korra says: "Dad is part of a rebellion?"
Senna says: "I don't know, but I don't want you getting caught in the middle of it."
Korra says: "It's too late, Mom."
Korra says: "I'm already in the middle of it."
Senna says: "Korra!"
Cut to the interior of the palace, where Korra runs in.
Korra says: "Uncle!"
Korra says: "Dad, don't do this."
Rebel says: "Turn around, Avatar, and pretend you didn't see anything."
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "Leave Unalaq and go."
Korra says: "I'll tell him I tried to stop you, but you escaped."
Korra says: "We can still avoid a war."
Rebel says: "No, we can't."
The rebel traps Korra within an ice wall while they escape. Korra punches a gap within her enclosure and pursues the rebels. While the rebels were running down a flight of stairs, Korra freezes the handrails and slides down in front of them.
Rebel says: "Get him out of here!"
The rebel leader runs away. Korra tries to follow, but is blocked by an ice wall.
Korra says: "We're all part of the same tribe."
Korra says: "I don't wanna hurt you."
The rebels prepare to attack Korra, but she dodges their offenses. Korra leaps up and grabs a banner while evade the rebel's offenses. She runs up a pillar and tosses the banner against two rebels, using airbending to ensnare them. Korra continues dodging the remaining rebels' offenses and grabs the rope of one of the rebels and kicks another rebel, slamming him unconscious on the staircase. She ties the rope around the rebel's wrist and swings him to a pillar, knocking him out. Korra runs out of the palace to see the rebel leader leaving.
Korra says: "Dad, stop!"
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Who are you?"
Korra says: "Where's my father?"
Rebel leader says: "He wouldn't help us."
Rebel leader says: "He's a traitor, just like you."
Unalaq awakens. Cut back to the palace, where the rebels were led away in handcuffs.
Unalaq says: "Thank you for saving my life."
Korra says: "I'm just glad I got here in time."
Unalaq says: "Find Varrick."
Unalaq says: "I want him to freeze in prison with the rest of these traitors."
Korra says: "Wait, you can't just lock them away."
Korra says: "That will only make the South angrier."
Unalaq says: "You want them to go free?"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "But let them stand trial for what they did."
Korra says: "Every Water Tribe citizen deserves that right."
Unalaq says: "Very well."
Unalaq says: "I will respect the Avatar's wishes in this matter."
Korra says: "Thank you, Uncle."
Cut back to the Southern Air Temple, where Kya is healing a dazed Bumi.
Kya says: "I told you those rocks were slippery."
Kya says: "You're lucky you didn't kill yourself."
Bumi says: "You done with the lecture, Mom?"
Kya says: "Oh, grow up!"
Kya says: "You haven't changed one bit since we were kids."
Kya says: "You're still trying to prove you can do everything a bender can."
Kya says: "Well, you can't."
Kya says: "Deal with it."
Bumi says: "And you're not our mother."
Bumi says: "You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do."
Bumi says: "Deal with that."
Bumi says: "Ugh."
Kya says: "Good luck healing yourself with your special nonbending powers."
Bumi says: "Hey, hey, back me up here, Tenzin."
Tenzin says: "Kya's right."
Tenzin says: "You're the oldest of us, but you always acted like the youngest."
Tenzin says: "I had to become the responsible one."
Kya says: "You think you're the responsible one?"
Kya says: "Where were you after Dad died and Mom was all alone?"
Kya says: "Because I was the only one who packed up and moved my whole life to be with her."
Tenzin says: "Sure, after years of flitting around the world, trying to find yourself."
Tenzin says: "It was time for you to settle down somewhere."
Tenzin says: "You two have no idea how it feels to have the future of an entire culture on your shoulders."
Bumi says: "Oh, boo-hoo."
Bumi says: "Must've been real hard for you, flying around the world with Dad, riding elephant koi all day."
Tenzin says: "Oh, so that's what this is all about."
Kya says: "That's what it's always been about."
Kya says: "You think you're some savior who has to carry on Dad's legacy."
Tenzin says: "Who else is going to do it?"
Kya says: "How about all of us?"
Bumi says: "Yeah, we're Aang's kids too."
Kya says: "We never should have come on this vacation."
Bumi says: "I couldn't agree more."
Tenzin says: "Well, I didn't want you to come in the first place."
Tenzin says: "I can't be around you two right now."
Tenzin says: "Go back to the temple and see if Ikki returned."
Tenzin says: "I'll keep looking out here."
Bumi says: "Fine."
Kya says: "Fine."
Tenzin says: "Fine."
Kya and Bumi walk back to the air temple, leaving Tenzin alone as he continues the path.
Cut to the Southern Water Tribe village where Korra rides back to her home and opens the door to see her parents eating. Tonraq and Senna look up to her, smiling.
Korra says: "Is it okay if I come in?"
Senna says: "Of course."
Senna says: "We heard what happened."
Senna says: "Are you okay?"
Korra says: "I'm so glad you weren't there."
Korra says: "I don't know what I would've done."
Tonraq says: "I had no idea how far Varrick was willing to go."
Tonraq says: "My brother and I have our differences, but I would never attack him."
Korra says: "I'm sorry for thinking you had anything to do with the rebels."
Korra says: "And for all the pain I've caused you and Mom."
Tonraq says: "I'm the one who should apologize."
Tonraq says: "After I saw the Southern Lights return, I was so proud of you."
Tonraq says: "I never should've held you back."
Senna says: "When your father and I found each other, all we wanted was to live a simple life and raise a family."
Senna says: "But, then we discovered you were the Avatar, and simple was over."
Senna says: "We knew one day the world would need you, and you wouldn't need us anymore."
Korra says: "Mom, Dad,  of course I still need you."
Tonraq says: "We weren't expecting you."
Unalaq says: "Tonraq, Senna, you are under arrest and will stand trial."
Tonraq says: "Trial?"
Tonraq says: "For what?"
Unalaq says: "For conspiring to assassinate me."
Cut to Korra and her parents looking in shock and disbelief.
Fades to credits.