The episode opens to footage of the sky while it is snowing. The camera pans down to reveal the dimly lit houses of the Southern Water Tribe, and three people, with one holding a lantern, near the city. They walk up a hilltop and gaze over the city. The scene pans to the left, showing the houses of the tribe. Switch to the front of a house as the three people arrive at it; the owner comes out, holding a lantern.
Tonraq says: "The White Lotus has honored my family by coming."
Tonraq says: "Thank you."
The man pushes open the door to grant the three Lotus members entrance to his house. Inside, a woman with two braids is sweeping the floor with a broom. As she notices the visitors, she stops.
Senna says: "Welcome."
A shield hanging on the wall falls down and rolls across the ground to come to a stop near her. Cut to a shot of the three guests entering while they remove the hoods of their coats, revealing their faces. There are two men, one tall and one short, and a woman.
White Lotus leader says: "We have investigated many claims, both here and in the Northern Tribe."
White Lotus leader says: "All have turned out to be false."
Tonraq walks toward his wife and puts his hand over her shoulder. Upon hearing the doubt of the White Lotus leader, the duo smiles at each other.
White Lotus leader says: "What makes you so sure your daughter is the one?"
Senna says: "Korra!"
Senna says: "Please come in here!"
Suddenly, a slab of earth flies past the three members of the White Lotus, whose eyes all grow big in astonishment. Quickly turning to the right to see who bent the earth, a young girl stands within a round hole in the wall, regarding the members of the Order.
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar!"
Korra says: "You gotta deal with it!"
She jumps forward, and punches to the left, leaving a trail of fire. Performing a roundhouse kick, she sends a small fire arc toward the White Lotus members, making them slightly back away. She subsequently extends a small portion of the earth from the ground, causing the members to fall back even more. Sending another fire blast toward them, she sets the corner of the White Lotus leader's coat on fire. The leader immediately extinguishes the flames by retracting water from a small puddle on the ground. The camera pans up to show the impressed and surprised looks on the faces of the White Lotus members. Shift to a frontal view of young Korra, as she displays waterbending by raising a trail of water to her left. She proceeds to stomp the ground, levitating a chunk of earth, and slamming it away to her right. Finally, she bends a fire stream at the camera, blocking the entire camera's view of the scene.
When the fire dissipates, a seventeen-year-old Korra, who is wearing red armor, emerges from it, and quickly kicks two fire blasts toward a man wearing the same armor. The man raises his arms in protection, but he is still sent flying and crashes to the ground. As Korra lands, two men, wearing the same armor as well, simultaneously shoot fire streams at her. The camera moves back to reveal that five people are observing the fight. The scene cuts to Korra as she is engulfed in a ball of flames and removed from view, but she dissipates the fire by moving her hands in a circular motion. As she takes on a fighting stance again, one of the men charges her, shooting three fire blasts at the Avatar, but she dodges the first one, dissipates the second with a grunt, dodges the third, and rushes forward. When the man jumps up and sends two fire arcs in her direction, Korra tumbles underneath the flames, and extends her leg, throwing him off balance. He flips over several times and crashes to the ground, but manages to stand up right away. Korra, now in between the two men, catches the fire stream of the man in front of her head on, while she also kicks back the guy that was charging her from behind, knocking him down. Retaliating with fire blasts of her own, she manages to knock down the firebender. Quickly turning back and forth to defend herself against incoming fire blasts from both men, she powers up her own attack and fires it at the man in front of her, sending him flying all the way up a nearby triangular roof of a small building near the training grounds, where he slides down unconscious, leaving a trail of smoke. The scene changes to the five spectators, who turn out to be an elderly Katara and four members of the Order of the White Lotus, one dressed in red.
Katara says: "She's strong."
White Lotus leader says: "She lacks restraint."
Scene changes to the last firebender charging Korra while showering her with a fire stream. She runs toward the individual, smiling confidently. The camera moves back to show how Korra runs straight into the fire blast, parts it, and pushes the man's arms apart, effectively stopping his bending. She uses him as a step-up to propel herself into the air. From her elevated position, she kicks a fire arc in the bender's direction, and proceeds to shower him with a powerful fire stream as she descends. The man tries to block, but is thrown backward, where he sags down and slowly falls on his back with a light groan in defeat, smoking lightly.
Korra says: "one to go!"
Firebending master says: "You're getting ahead of yourself as usual, Korra."
Firebending master says: "We haven't decided if you passed your firebending test yet."
White Lotus leader says: "Ever since you were a little girl, you've excelled at the physical side of bending, but completely ignored the spiritual side."
White Lotus leader says: "The Avatar must master both."
Korra says: "He's Mister Spiritual."
Cut to an aerial shot of Korra and the elders. One of the White Lotus members slightly moves forward to address Katara, who is standing at the end of the line-up.
White Lotus leader says: "Do you believe she's ready, Master Katara?"
Katara says: "Yes."
Katara says: "If anyone can teach her what she needs to learn, it's Tenzin."
White Lotus leader says: "Very well, Korra."
White Lotus leader says: "It's time for you to begin your airbending training."
Korra says: "thank you all for believing in me."
Smiling innocently, she slowly starts walking away, still eying the elders. Unable to contain her excitement any longer, she breaks into a run and leaves the training grounds. Cut to a brief close-up of Katara smiling, before cutting back to Korra dashing off some stairs toward the stables, and opens the gate.
Korra says: "Tenzin will be here in a few days."
Korra scratches Naga's head. She laughs gleefully when Naga licks her face in return.
Cut to an aerial shot of a compound at the Southern Water Tribe, tall, thick walls and a huge, richly decorated gate now surrounding it. The scene slowly moves to inside the walls, where Korra is riding Naga toward the gate. A White Lotus sentry walks toward the edge of his guard tower and looks down on Korra.
Korra says: "Don't worry, we're not going far."
Complying, the guard walks back. The sun, now peering through the growing crack formed by the opening gates, moves over a broadly smiling Korra. A back shot of Korra leading Naga out the gates, changes to an overview shot of two White Lotus members eyeing Korra from atop a nearby mountain as she rides Naga over the large, snow-covered plains in the background. Cut to a side shot of Korra riding Naga.
Korra says: "Naga, go!"
Korra says: "That a girl."
Korra says: "Go!"
Korra says: "Go!"
Korra says: "Go!"
The camera pans out, as the polar bear dog starts running faster and faster. Switch to a frontal view of Korra moving up and down, swaying along with Naga's movements.
Cut to an aerial shot of the Southern Water Tribe, as a flying bison heads toward it, losing altitude. Switch to a shot from behind Korra and Katara, who are watching the bison's arrival.
Ikki says: "I know it, this is very familiar!"
Ikki says: "Are we here yet?"
Ikki says: "Are we here yet?"
Ikki says: "Ooh, please tell me we're here!"
Tenzin says: "finally, here."
Cut to an aerial shot as Ikki and Jinora excitedly jump off the bison, riding off its tail on air scooters. Tenzin descends from his bison, as Katara walks up to him.
Tenzin says: "Hello, Mother."
Tenzin says: "Please, help me."
Katara laughs warmly as Tenzin bows to allow her to take Meelo off his shoulders and into her arms.
Meelo says: "Unhand me, strange woman!"
Tenzin says: "That's your grandmother, Meelo."
Meelo nimbly pushes off on Katara's hand, who looks surprised, and somersaults above her head, landing on the ground behind her. He quickly dashes out from behind her, while Katara's expression changes from utter surprise to a loving smile.
Katara says: "It's so good to see all of you."
Jinora says: "Gran Gran, I've been reading all about your old adventures."
Jinora says: "I've been dying to ask you: What happened to Zuko's mom?"
To her surprise, she is interrupted by Ikki, who jumps right in between Katara and Jinora.
Ikki says: "Wouldn't it?"
Tenzin says: "Pema, let me help you."
Tenzin says: "Careful now, careful."
Tenzin helps his pregnant wife walk the first few steps, until she retracts her hand.
Pema says: "Stop doting on me."
Pema says: "I'm not helpless, I'm just pregnant."
Both Tenzin and Pema lay their hands on her protruding belly. The camera moves back to show how Pema descends the last few steps off the bison's tail. Katara walks up to her, and gives her a hug.
Katara says: "The baby's strong."
Katara says: "I see another airbender in your future."
Suddenly, Pema's face becomes slightly unhappy. Cut to a side shot as she starts talking to Katara.
Pema says: "blast wind in my face every five seconds."
Meelo says: "I'm a snowbender!"
Pema says: "Were Tenzin and his siblings this crazy when they were kids?"
Katara says: "rather serious."
Tenzin says: "Mother, please."
Katara smiles broadly at her son. Korra stands a few meters behind her, calmly waiting with her hands behind her back. Tenzin notices her.
Tenzin says: "Korra?"
Tenzin says: "You've grown into quite the young Avatar."
Korra says: "Master Tenzin, I'm so glad you're here."
Korra says: "I can't wait to get started."
Pema says: "You're going to have to tell her sooner or later."
Korra says: "Tell me what?"
Katara says: "You're not staying, are you?"
Tenzin says: "I'm afraid not."
Tenzin says: "We're only visiting for the night."
Tenzin says: "Then I have to return to Republic City."
Korra says: "You're supposed to teach me."
Tenzin says: "I'm sorry, Korra."
Tenzin says: "Your airbending training is going to have to wait."
Fade to black, before the camera changes to an aerial shot of the Southern Water Tribe at night.
Korra says: "A week?"
Korra says: "A month?"
Tenzin says: "It could be much longer."
Korra says: "I don't understand."
Korra says: "Why are you making me wait?"
Tenzin says: "I have a responsibility to Republic City."
Tenzin says: "I am one of its leaders, and the situation there is very unstable right now."
Korra says: "We're stuck with each other."
Tenzin says: "I wish there were another way."
Korra says: "Wait, there is!"
Korra says: "If you can't stay here, then I'll go back to Republic City with you!"
Korra says: "It's perfect!"
White Lotus leader says: "Absolutely not!"
White Lotus leader says: "The city is far too dangerous."
White Lotus leader says: "Avatar Aang tasked us with keeping you safe while you mastered the four elements."
Korra says: "I get that, but I don't think keeping me locked up in this compound like a prisoner is what he had in mind."
Tenzin says: "I know this is difficult to accept, but it's not the right time for you to come to the city."
Scene changes to the next day on the courtyard, where Tenzin, Ikki, Jinora, Meelo, and Pema are sitting on the sky bison, ready to take off. Everyone except Tenzin is waving to Katara, who waves back.
Ikki says: "Goodbye, Gran Gran!"
Tenzin says: "Oogi, yip-yip!"
The bison grunts and pushes off. Katara follows its ascent, wiping a tear from her left eye. Cut to a far-off shot of a cliff where someone is sitting at the rim. The camera slowly zooms in on it, and suddenly changes to a close-up shot of Korra perched atop Naga as Oogi flies past them. They both follow the bison's path with their gazes, Naga whimpering softly. Switch to a back shot of the duo as the camera zooms out, revealing that they are being watched by a member of the White Lotus. Cut to a close-up of Korra's sad expression. As she lifts her eyes toward the horizon where the bison flew toward, her look suddenly becomes serious and determined.
Cut to an aerial shot of the lit stables at night. The slowly zooming in scene changes to a frontal view of Naga in her shed as she stands up when Korra comes running into the scene. Side-view of Korra, who takes Naga's saddle that hangs on a pole, and starts to saddle up her mount. As she is busy tightening the straps of the saddle, she is startled by a voice behind her.
Katara says: "Nice night for an escape, isn't it?"
Korra turns while standing up to see Katara, as the view switches to reveal Katara standing at the stable's entrance.
Korra says: "I have to leave."
Korra says: "I have to find my own path as the Avatar."
Katara says: "I know you do."
Cut back to Korra, her looks changing from a sad to a grateful one. She tilts her head and closes her eyes as a silent thank you. The point of view changes to a back shot of Korra, showing Katara.
Katara says: "Aang's time has passed."
Katara says: "And I think you're going to be a great Avatar."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Katara says: "Goodbye, Korra."
Cut to a far-off shot of the Southern Water Tribe. Suddenly, a good distance away from the compound, in the front of the scene, the snow trembles and is pushed aside. Korra and Naga emerge from the tunnel. Korra waits for Naga to shake off the snow of her pelt before mounting her and riding away. Cut to an aerial shot of Korra hugging both her parents at once outside of their house. Light emanating from the open door of the house casts a long shadow over the snow.
Korra says: "Mom, Dad."
Korra says: "I'll miss you."
Senna says: "We love you so much."
Korra runs up to Naga, turning away from her sad-looking parents. She climbs on the polar bear dog, the black silhouettes of her parents hugging each other in the background as they watch their daughter. She casts one last look at her parents, and leads Naga away, riding in the opposite direction. Cut to footage of an engine-powered ship sailing in the sea. Cut to a Satomobile in the tonnage. Camera pans to the right, revealing Naga and Korra lying behind some crates. Switch to a closer shot. Naga's sleeping, with Korra resting against her flank, her arms held behind her back, looking content. Cut to a frontal shot of the pleased girl. Cut to an aerial shot of the ship sailing away from the Southern Water Tribe, before cutting to a wide side shot of the ship sailing in the distance the next morning. Switch to Naga and Korra, both asleep in the tonnage. Hearing metal-like sounds, Korra wakes up, glances around, and rubs her eyes.
Korra says: "Naga, we're here!"
Korra runs off camera. Scene switches to the ship's metal loading doors opening. Cut to a frontal shot of an excited Korra hiding behind some crates, shading her eyes against the bright sunlight, now peering in the dark room. She glances briefly forward and runs back toward Naga. Switch to dock workers unloading crates of the ship. Suddenly, Naga runs past them, Korra mounted on her, much to their surprise. Cut to a frontal shot as the polar bear dog dashes out of the tonnage, knocking over a stunned dock worker, who grunts as he falls down.
Korra says: "Thanks for the ride!"
Cut to an overview shot of the dock, as Korra rides away on Naga toward a large suspension bridge leading toward the city. Switch to a closer shot as she pulls up nearly at the base of the bridge. Two airships are floating above. The camera pans to the left, revealing the entire bridge and the skyline of Republic City with many buildings and skyscrapers.
Korra says: "I've never seen so many Satomobiles!"
Cut to Korra riding toward the overview at the water, Aang's statue in front of her. Shift to a close-up of the statue. The zooming in close-up switches to a zooming in close-up of Korra, who is staring at it in awe. Cut back to a wider back shot of the new Avatar as the scene pans to the left, showing that the statue is not far from Air Temple Island.
Korra says: "Air Temple Island."
Korra says: "That's where Tenzin lives."
Korra says: "Okay, okay!"
Korra says: "Food first, then air temple!"
Cut to a shot of airships above, as the camera pans below to an overview shot of a road with riding Satomobiles. A Satomobile honks and suddenly swerves to the left, as Korra and Naga come running into the camera in the middle of the road.
Korra says: "Watch out, Naga!"
Korra says: "Look out!"
Cut to a side shot as the polar bear dog only narrowly avoids a collision with a rapidly incoming truck. The truck brakes, and slides horizontally over the road, slamming into another Satomobile. As Naga runs on, Korra looks back at the damage they inflicted.
Pedestrian says: "Watch where you're going!"
Korra says: "Whoops, sorry about that."
Korra says: "Excuse us."
Korra says: "Coming through."
Korra says: "Heads up."
Korra says: "Eh, sorry, we're new in town."
Naga comes to an open square and slows down, bending over to smell the ground, in order to pinpoint the exact location of the smell. Naga follows her nose toward a small food stall, its wall comprised of an orange cloth. The polar bear dog goes to the side of the stall and sticks her head through the curtains. Switch to a shot from inside the shop as first Naga's sniffing nose and her entire head appear. The food stall appears to be selling different kinds of meat. Korra sticks her head through the curtain as well. Naga opens her mouth to start devouring the food, but is halted by a stern command from Korra.
Korra says: "We'll take one of everything, please."
Shopkeeper says: "That will be twenty yuans."
Korra says: "Uh..."
Korra says: "I don't have any money?"
Shopkeeper says: "Then what good are you to me?"
Korra says: "The city's huge."
Korra says: "I bet we could find a place to rustle up something to eat."
Korra keeps her hand on Naga's neck, looking down upon her pet, who walks on slowly, keeping her head down in sadness. Scene changes to Korra frying three fish on a stick with her firebending, as Naga searches the pond for more fish. As Korra takes the middle fish on a stick, Naga manages to catch a fish herself. The camera zooms out, revealing that Korra is fishing in the pond of a park. Shot cuts back to a broadly grinning Korra, who fries the fish again before blowing on it. A man appears in the bush next to her, eying her with a crazed grin on his face. As Korra happily bites in the fish, she notices the man to her left and gasps. Switch to a frontal view as the man emerges from the bushes.
Gommu says: "Uh, say, think I can I get one of them tasty-smelling  fishies?"
Korra says: "Oh, uh, yeah, sure."
He waggles up to Korra with big, weird steps, snatches a fish on a stick, and squats down, ferociously devouring the fish while smacking loudly.
Korra says: "that bush?"
Gommu says: "Yes, presently that is what I do call home."
Gommu says: "Took me a while to procure a bush that beauteous."
Gommu says: "This park is quite popular with all the vagabonds."
Korra says: "So there are a lot of you out here?"
Korra says: "I thought everyone in this city was "living it up"."
Gommu says: "Welcome to Republic City."
Korra arcs her eyebrows and gazes at Gommu, slightly unnerved. Suddenly, they hear the voice of a guard from a bridge over the pond nearby.
Guard says: "Stop!"
Guard says: "You can't fish here!"
As the guard runs toward Korra and Gommu, the vagabond jumps up and runs toward his bush.
Gommu says: "You best skedaddle!"
Gommu dives in his bush, head first while Korra whistles on her fingers. Naga comes running toward her, and Korra runs a few steps along with the animal before hoisting herself on Naga's back, and rides away. The guard runs after her, blowing his whistle and waving his truncheon. Cut to a frontal shot of the guard as he reaches the spot where Korra and the vagabond were sitting moments earlier. He halts his pursuit, resting his hands on his knees, panting heavily. Gommu emerges from the bushes behind him and waves after Korra.
Cut to a shot of Korra and Naga walking around the park. One of the passersby eyes Naga with interest.
Protester says: "have forced nonbenders to live as lower class citizens."
Protester says: "Join Amon, and together we will tear down the bending establishment."
Korra says: "Bending is the coolest thing in the world."
Protester says: "Oh yeah?"
Protester says: "Let me guess: you're a bender."
Korra says: "Yeah, I am."
Protester says: "Then I bet you'd just love to knock me off this platform with some waterbending, huh?"
Korra says: "I'm seriously thinking about it."
Protester says: "This is what's wrong with this city!"
Protester says: "Benders like this girl only use their power to oppress us!"
The protester angrily glares at Korra, his spectators turning to her as well.
Crowd says: "Yeah!"
Crowd says: "Get out of here!"
Korra says: "You're..."
Korra says: "you're oppressing yourselves!"
Protester says: "That didn't even make sense."
Under the protesting scream of the crowd, Korra turns Naga and they walk away. Scene changes to an overview shot of Korra walking alongside Naga on a street, the view panning up as they go. Cut to a closer shot as she reaches a young man and an elderly lady sitting in front of a shop, talking to each other.
Korra says: "Excuse me, I think I'm lost."
Korra says: "How do I get to Air Temple Island from here?"
Old woman says: "Just head down this street."
The scene changes to a shot of the street Korra needs to walk down as the old lady directs her there. At that moment, a red Satomobile turns down the street and heads toward the shops.
Old woman says: "It isn't safe."
Cut to the Satomobile that pulls up and stops. The front is ornamented with a golden plaque of a lion turtle. As it comes to a complete stop, three people get out, and approach a phonograph vendor who is cleaning one of his products.
Chung says: "take one of my phonographs."
Without even taking his hands out of his pockets, the firebender effortlessly smacks the object out of the vendor's hands with a half moon spinning fire kick, reducing the phonograph to a burning pile of rubbish. Chung jumps back to avoid the blast, falling to the ground.
Korra says: "Or else what, hoodlum?"
The point of view turns along with the gangsters to reveal Korra standing confidently behind them, her hands on her hips. Cut to an aerial shot, and back to the three gangsters, who eye each questioningly for a second before bursting out in laughter.
Viper says: ", in the hospital."
Korra says: "and, for your sake, I hope there's one nearby."
The gangsters adopt a confused look. Cut to Korra, who rubs her right fist into her left palm with a wicked look.
Viper says: "Who do you think you are?"
Korra says: "Why don't you come and find out?"
Close-up of Viper's eyes as they twitch enraged. The scene moves back as he suddenly bends a water bullet from an unseen water skin from under his coat. Korra stops the water easily with one hand and sends it right back at the gangster, freezing the water over his head. His balance lost, the man stumbles forward toward Korra, who hits him against the head with a back spinning kick, due to which he slams head first against the golden ornament on the Satomobile. The ice around his head shatters as he sags down. Two Toed Ping recoils, as a "that must have hurt"-look dons his face. Point of view changes to a shot from alongside the Satomobile, as the earthbender gangster, enraged by what happened to his friend, charges Korra by jumping up. However, before he could land and earthbend, she extends the portion of earth where he was going to land on, catapulting him high into the air. Cut to the elderly woman and the young man at the fruit stand, their faces squeezed tightly against each other and their gaze following the flying earthbender.
Old woman says: "What just happened?"
Young man says: "Did she just earthbend?"
The two lower their gaze as the scene switches to the earthbender falling on a wire suspended from one building to the other. From the wire, the man is catapulted again a wooden advertising board, falls down on the pentice of a shop, and is thrown into a tapestry, which rips under his weight. The man falls down onto a shop display before flopping on the ground where he lies still. Seeing two of his allies defeated, Two Toed Ping aggressively bends a large fire stream at Korra. The fire fills the entire camera, but is soon parted by a cockily grinning Korra. She jumps forward, deflecting the man's fire by holding two small flames in her palms. As she reaches the man, she grabs his hands. The man screams in fright.
Old woman says: "Can she firebend, too?"
Young man says: "Could she be?"
Scene changes to a side-view of Korra turning the gangster around one time to build up momentum. Close-up of her face as she grunts in effort. Scene broadens as she throws the man through the window of a radio shop. Switch to a shot from inside the shop where the man lies defeated. Korra slowly walks up to him.
Korra says: "Got an idea about who I am now, chumps?"
Hearing the roaring engine of the Satomobile, Korra looks to her right. The camera view widens to show how the car comes tearing down the street toward her. Korra moves aside to avoid being run over. The Satomobile pulls over at the radio shop where Two Toed Ping comes stumbling out.
Mushi says: "Come on!"
Two Toed Ping jumps out of the broken window onto the street, and runs after the car in a stumbling fashion. The earthbender gangster extends the part of earth where he was running, causing him to fly inside the Satomobile with a yelp.
Korra says: "You're not getting away!"
She flexes her arms in front of her, earthbending a fissure at the vehicle, catapulting it into the air where it tumbles a few times before falling down and crashing into a shop at the other side of the road. Korra starts running toward them. Switch to a shot from inside the shop where the car drove in to. As the smoke starts to clear, the banged-up car and gangsters are seen. When Korra arrives at the smashed window of the shop, the door of the Satomobile flips open, causing Viper and the earthbender gangster to fall on the ground, grunting.
Close-up of a pleased-looking Korra with her hands on her hips and Naga standing beside her, looking at the defeated gangsters. Suddenly, an alarm sounds from up above. Naga starts howling with it, while Korra raised her head to look where the sound is coming from. The camera pans up, showing the arrival of an airship.
Metalbending cops says: "Police!"
Metalbending cops says: "Freeze where you are!"
Cut to a shot of the airship as a hatch opens on the side, before switching to a back shot of a metalbending cop ready to jump out; three cops jump out from it. Cut to a close-up of a cop's face, before cutting to the cops anchoring their metal cables on the nearby buildings, securing a safe landing.
Korra says: "Cool!"
Korra says: "Metalbenders!"
Switch to Korra, who watches them land. As she looks up, the scene switches to a fourth cop coming down and landing gently. Close-up of the fourth cop's hands from a downward position looking as he retracts the metal cables in his armor. Shot widens to Korra and the three gangsters, who stumble out of the destroyed store with groans.
Korra says: "I caught the bad guys for you, officers."
Saikhan says: "Arrest them!"
The other three cops run forward and bend their metal cables to secure the three thugs. With their arms tied to their body, they fall down. Cut to a side shot of Korra and Captain Saikhan who had walked up to her, while the three cops each take a gangster in the background and lead them away.
Saikhan says: "You're under arrest, too."
Cut to a shocked Korra as she gasps. Scene blacks out and changes to a side shot of Korra and Saikhan.
Korra says: "Those are the bad guys over there!"
Korra says: "They were smashing up a shop!"
Saikhan says: "From the looks of it, you smashed up a lot more than that."
He takes on a fighting stance shoots a cable to bind Korra. However, she quickly moves out of the way and snatches the cable out of the air, holding it back.
Korra says: "Wait, you - you can't arrest me!"
Korra says: "Let me explain!"
Saikhan says: "You can explain yourself all you like, down at headquarters."
Saikhan managed to withdraw the cables, and charges Korra. He bends the cables again at her, who ducks and tumbles backward. She is just in time to push herself on her feet again, as Saikhan smashes the ground with his cables where Korra was just moments before. Naga grunts, and comes to the defense of her owner, pushing Saikhan down from behind. There are more metalbending cops now, looking shocked and angered at the events occurring in front of them, and they rush forward to apprehend Korra.
Switch to Korra mounting Naga, dashing away as the cops arrive, who give chase. Cut to a frontal view of Naga as she turns to the left into an alley. One of the cops launches himself forward as Naga slows down for the turn. Korra plants her left foot on his face and pushes him back, knocking him on the ground. One of the pursuers stays behind to take care of their fallen friend, while the other bends out a cable to bind an overhead wire. As soon as the cable secures itself, the scene changes to a back shot of the policeman hoisting himself off the ground. He nimbly lands on one of the overhanging cables, and slides over it in hot pursuit of Naga. He bends two cables at the running polar bear dog, but misses, smashing up the tiles of the street. Switch to a side-view of Naga dashing through the street, her tongue out of her mouth, and Korra hunched over her. The animal suddenly turns to the right into another street, narrowly avoiding more cables. Some civilians shriek at the sight, afraid.
Cut to an overhead shot as Korra and Naga reach a bridge over a small stream. One of the cops smashes up some roof tiles while sliding over it. He jumps off, bending his cables toward Korra. Close side shot of the girl, as the cables wrap themselves around her ponytail. She grunts in pain and angrily bends the water of the stream behind her, immediately turning it to ice, creating a wall. The cop, sliding over a cable, is pulled forward by the fact that he is still connected to Korra and she is still moving. He yells, and his expression changes to one of horror as he sees the icy obstruction up ahead. He crashes against the wall at high speed. The moment he does so, the scene changes to Korra, the cables releasing her hair. Gasping, she looks over her shoulder. The scene switches to her point of view, showing the ice slightly cracked where the cop crashed into it, his silhouette clearly visible. He slowly slides down with a squeaking sound.
Korra turns back, smiling contently. Cut to a back shot as Naga runs out the street, and up some stairs. Switch to a frontal view of the top of the stairs as Naga suddenly appears. A Satomobile driver has to step hard on his brakes. The car slips and halts across the road, while Naga keeps on running.
Driver says: "Hey!"
Side shot of Korra riding Naga, as two cops slide over two overhead wires to her left. She looks at them, and jerks Naga's reins, leading her to the right. A train just passes underneath the bridge. Frontal view as Naga leaps off the bridge and lands atop the train. Sliding forward, the animal nearly slips off, but she manages to remain on the roof. Korra, perched over Naga, sighs in relief. Sitting upright, she looks to the right, where Air Temple Island can be seen in the distance. Cut back to Korra, as a shadow passes over her face, and an alarm sounds. She looks up, and the camera pans up to reveal the airship of the metalbending cops. Korra straightens the reins with a determined look upon her face. Naga runs forward. As the train takes a turn to the right, Naga jumps off toward the roof of an adjacent building. As soon as the polar bear dog touches down, several cables are shot from up above, successfully binding the animal's paws and lifting it in the air. While being suspended, three more cables are bent down, binding Korra. The shot widens to show Korra struggling to get free, while Naga calmly hangs there in defeat. Korra grunts and bows her head in defeat as well, as Naga softly growls.
Scene changes to an outside shot of a police station as the camera slowly zooms in on it.
Lin says: "You're in a whole mess of trouble, young lady."
Korra says: "But there were some thugs threatening a helpless shopkeeper, and I had it..."
Lin says: "You should have called the police and stayed out of the way."
Korra says: "See, I'm the Avatar."
Lin says: "but not me."
Korra says: "Then I want to talk to whoever's in charge."
Scene changes to a lateral shot of the room, showing that it is just a metal cage, with solid metal wall. The table with two chairs stands in the middle of the room, and the only light source is provided by a hanging lamp above the table.
Korra says: "Wait, Beifong?"
Korra says: "Lin Beifong?"
Korra says: "You're Toph's daughter!"
Lin says: "What of it?"
Korra says: "Well then, why are you treating me like a criminal?"
Korra says: "Avatar Aang and your mother were friends."
Korra says: "They saved the world together."
Lin says: "You can't just waltz in here and dole out vigilante justice like you own the place!"
Lin and Korra stare at each other. In the background, one of the metalbending cops opens a peephole in the metal wall.
Metalbending cop says: "Chief,  Councilman Tenzin is here."
Lin says: "Let him in."
Broad shot of the entire room as Lin stands beside the table, putting her hands behind her back in a formal posture, as the wall in front of Korra slides aside to form a door through which Tenzin enters.
Korra says: "I got a little sidetracked on my way to see you."
Tenzin says: "Lin, you are looking radiant as usual."
Lin says: "Cut the garbage, Tenzin."
Lin says: "Why is the Avatar in Republic City?"
Lin says: "I thought you were supposed to be moving down to the South Pole to train her."
Tenzin says: "The Avatar, on the other hand, will be heading back to the South Pole immediately, where she will stay put."
Korra says: "But—"
Tenzin says: "drop the charges against Korra, I will take full responsibility for today's regrettable events and cover all the damages."
Cut to a view from behind Tenzin. Pondering over Tenzin's suggestion, Lin glances over her shoulder toward Korra, who is looking down at the table. Lin turns back, sighs, and nonchalantly raises her left hand, opening the cuffs that were binding Korra's hands to the table.
Lin says: "Fine."
Lin says: "Get her out of my city."
Tenzin says: "Let's go, Korra."
Korra follows Tenzin, still rubbing her wrists. As she passes Lin, both eye each other in discontent. Cut to a frontal shot of Chief Beifong, as she points with her index and pinkie at her eyes and back to Korra, glaring at her. Switch to Lin's point of view, as the metal wall moves aside again to let Tenzin and Korra out. Korra eyes Lin in malcontent. Angered, Korra bends over and exaggeratedly and mockingly mimics Lin's gesture that she will keep an eye on her, before picking up speed and leaving the room with an upheld head. Cuts to Lin, bewildered by what happened. She sticks up her nose, and assumes a dismayed look while crossing her arms again, grunting softly.
Scene changes to a waiting room, where an old woman is sitting next to a platypus bear.
Korra says: "don't send me back home."
Tenzin says: "You blatantly disobeyed my wishes and the orders of the White Lotus."
Korra says: "She said my destiny is in Republic City."
Tenzin says: "Don't bring my mother into this!"
Korra says: "I saw a lot of the city today, and it's totally out of whack."
Korra says: "I understand now why you need to stay."
Korra says: "Republic City does need you."
Korra says: "But it needs me, too."
Tenzin says: "You..."
Tenzin says: "ah..."
Upon hearing the sounds of the bars being opened, Korra and Tenzin turn toward the sound. The camera pans to the right to show Naga and a police officer, who holds her reins.
Ruffled police officer says: "Is this your polar bear dog, miss?"
Cut to a closer look of the officer's head as the polar bear dog licks his face, fashioning his hair into an upstanding swirl. Naga pants happily with her tongue out of her mount.
Switch to a scene at twilight of Aang's statue and a sailboat navigating around it. The lit skyline of Republic City is visible in the background. Cut to Tenzin in the boat, standing at the railing, looking sorrowfully up at his father's sculpture. Cut back to a closer look of the statue. Back to Tenzin, who sadly bows his head, and looks over his shoulder toward the new Avatar. Switch to his point of view, showing a back shot of Korra, leaning on the railing, watching how they move away from the city, and Naga, sleeping on the deck.
Cut to an aerial shot, panning down, of the boat aground in the harbor of Air Temple Island. A larger ship has docked there as well, the silhouettes of some people standing beside it on the dock. Switch to a frontal shot of three Order of the White Lotus members standing beside the large ship, looking very serious. Cut to Korra, who gazes at the three men, and sadly bows her head while sighing. Switch briefly to an aerial shot as two Air Nomad gliders come swooping into view, before changing back to a side-view of Korra on the dock as first Ikki, before switching to Jinora, carrying Meelo on her back, land. Korra watches them as they land.
Meelo says: "Korra!"
Ikki says: "Korra!"
Meelo and Ikki run up to Korra and hug her waist. Jinora is more held back, but quickly runs toward Korra as well to join the group hug after Korra beckons her with a hand movement.
Ikki says: "Are you coming to live with us on the island?"
Korra says: "No, I'm sorry, Ikki."
Korra says: "I have to go home now."
Ikki sighs and bows her head in disappointment. Switch to a shot of Tenzin's serious face that has a hint of compassion on it. Cut to a back shot of the four airbenders as they watch Korra lead Naga away toward the members of the Order, who walk up to meet her. Cut to a side-view of Naga and Korra with her hands on Naga's neck, both looking down in sadness.
Tenzin says: "Republic City needs its Avatar once again."
Korra says: "Yes!"
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Korra says: "You're the best!"
Meelo says: "Yaaaaay!"
Ikki says: "Yaaaaay!"
Jinora says: "Yaaaaay!"
Korra hugs the three kids, effortlessly lifting them off the ground. She moves to Tenzin, and lifts him up as well. Ikki giggles as Naga walks up, joining in the group hug by putting her head against in Korra's back, purring contently. Cut to Tenzin, who sighs, thinking about what he got himself into.
Cut to a broad shot of Republic City's city hall the next day. A large cheering crowd has gathered in front of it. Switch to a frontal view of the mass, lots of people taking pictures. Switch to Korra, standing behind a speech bench with five microphones in front of her. She gazes at the gathered mass, looking overwhelmed. She clears her throat and leans forward to speak in the microphones.
Korra says: "Hello?"
Korra says: "your new Avatar."
Male journalist #1.
Cut to a journalist with a notepad, as he raises his hands. Does this mean you've moved to Republic City?
Female journalist says: "Were you trying to send a message to the Triads yesterday?"
Male journalist #2.
Cut to another journalist as he raises his hands. Will you be fighting crime or the Anti-bending Revolution, or both?
Male journalist #3.
Cut to a close-up of another journalist. Will you be working with Chief Beifong and the police?
Korra says: "I look forward to serving you!"
The crowd goes wild, and all the journalists take photographs of her, bathing the scene in bright white light. The scene changes to a dimly-lit room, where an Equalist member is listening to an old radio.
Korra says: "I'm so happy to be here."
Korra says: "Thank you, Republic City!"
Lieutenant says: "Amon, how do you want to handle this?"
Cut to a broader shot of the Lieutenant and Amon, both their backs to the camera. Amon, donning a hooded cape, has his hands held behind his back as he stares at a large map of the world hanging from the wall in front of him.
Amon says: "So, the Avatar has arrived early."
Amon says: "It looks like we'll have to accelerate our plans."
Fade to credits.