The scene begins with an aerial shot of Air Temple Island. Cut to a cliffside, where Bum-Ju flies away to the tree in the background.
Bumi says: "Bum-Ju, a little help!"
Bumi says: "."
Bumi soon loses his grip. Bum-Ju grabs him by biting his jacket, but only manages to pull the jacket off Bumi. As Bumi plunges, he waves his hands, bracing for impact. Moments before the impact, Bumi airbends, stopping his fall.
Bumi says: "Look, I'm airbending!"
Bumi says: "Ah!"
Bumi says: "Ow, that still hurt a lot."
Cut to a forest, where Korra and Tenzin venture. Jinora follows them moments later, with a group of spirits trailing behind her. Cut to a wide shot of the forest, which shows the vines have actually overgrown a number of houses.
Korra says: "How are we ever gonna clear away all these vines?"
Korra pulls her glider behind her and firebends at the vines, which startles the spirits, causing them to disappear in hiding. The vines soon grow back, and the spirits return to Jinora, who comforts one of them.
Tenzin says: "I'm sure you'll find a way."
Jinora says: "Why do you want to get rid of them?"
Jinora says: "You changed the world."
Jinora says: "We're connected with the spirits again."
Jinora says: "The wilds are their home."
Korra says: "I don't think that the people who used to live here are as excited about it as you are."
Korra pushes aside a bunch of vines, releasing a blinding glare of light. As the glare subsides, the outside environment is revealed to be part of Republic City. Cut to a far shot of Korra exiting the wilds.
Cut to the City Hall, which is also overgrown with spirit vines. The press has also congregated around the entrance, while President Raiko stands in front of a podium.
Male reporter #1.
Mr President, are you concerned that your approval ratings are now nearly as low as the Avatar's? Close-up of the reporter, who is standing beside Asami. Have you seen today's headline? It says "Raik-oh no. Polls pan pres' plans".
Raiko says: "I'm not concerned with snappy put-downs in the press."
Raiko says: "I'm facing this calamity just like every other citizen."
Raiko says: "There's a tree growing right through my office."
Raiko says: "You think I'm not doing everything I can to get rid of it?"
Korra flies by and lands next to Raiko, creating a gust of air that ruffled up Raiko's hair, leaving him annoyed.
Reporters says: "Avatar Korra, few questions please."
Male reporter #2.
Avatar Korra, do you regret the way you handled the Unalaq Crisis?
Female reporter #1.
Why are you forcing the integration of spirits in Republic City?
Male reporter #3.
Why can't you fix this?
Male reporter #4.
Are the vines here to stay?
Female reporter #2.
Is this part of your New World Order?
Korra says: "Look, Harmonic Convergence was just a couple weeks ago."
Korra says: "I just needed a little more time to get everything back to normal."
Korra says: "Maybe your administration could have handled that."
Lin says: "That's all, no more questions."
Raiko storms back into his office, while the crowd mumbles. As the crowd dissipates, Asami walks up to the downcast Korra.
Korra says: "This is a disaster."
Asami says: "Don't worry, we'll figure something out."
Korra says: "Easy for you to say."
Korra says: "You don't have my poll numbers."
Korra says: "Eight percent approval?"
Korra says: "Who are they asking?"
Asami says: "You can't take that to heart."
Asami says: "People are just frustrated."
Korra says: "I don't blame them."
Korra says: "I should be able to fix this."
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar."
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Ikki and Meelo are playing with Pabu, when they see their uncle running toward them, panting and sweating.
Bumi says: "You're not gonna believe what just happened."
Bumi says: "Where's your father?"
Ikki says: "Dad!"
Tenzin says: "What is it?"
Tenzin says: "What's wrong?"
Bumi says: "The most amazing, wondrous, fantastical thing just occurred."
Bumi says: "Okay,  I made him this sweater, and he didn't seem to like it, and I'll admit, it might need work, but it was my first attempt at knitting, so I was a little hurt."
Tenzin says: "Time for dinner, everyone."
Bumi says: "No, check this out."
Tenzin says: "Stop waving your arms around at the table."
Tenzin says: "It's not funny anymore."
Bumi says: "It's not a joke."
Korra says: "What's up with him?"
Bolin says: "Bumi says he airbended earlier, but he can't now."
Bolin says: "Oh, and I guess he's not very good at knitting either."
Bolin says: "crazy kids."
Bolin says: "Well, that's just great."
Asami says: "Where's Mako?"
Bolin says: "Oh, you mean the brooding teenager?"
Bolin says: "He's staying in the police station."
Korra says: "Still?"
Bumi says: "Oh, did you see that?"
Bumi says: "I think the napkin moved."
Kya says: "You blew on it."
Bumi says: "Wait!"
Bumi says: "Maybe I can only do it when my life is in danger."
Bumi says: "Bolin, bend a giant boulder at me."
Bolin says: "Yeah, I don't think that's a good idea."
Pema says: "If you're going to be bending giant boulders, you can do it outside."
Tenzin says: "No one is bending giant boulders!"
Meelo says: "Look alive, Uncle Bumi!"
As Meelo throws the plate, Bumi looks on in fear and stretches out his hands, stopping the plate in a ball of air.
Bumi says: "I told you!"
The rest of the table looks on in total surprise.
Tenzin says: "Unbelievable."
Tenzin says: "You're actually an airbender."
Bumi says: "Wait 'till I tell Mom, she's gonna love this."
Bumi loses control of his bending, causing the plate to drop onto the table and shatter. Cut to the police station at night, followed by the interior of the office as the phone rings.
Mako says: "Police."
Mako says: "He what?"
Mako says: "Slow down."
Mako says: "Okay, I'm on my way."
Cut to the interior of the store, which is filled with shattered glassware. Mako, now in police uniform, opens the door and looks at the extent of the damage.
Mako says: "What the heck did all this?"
Shopkeeper says: "It was my brother."
Shopkeeper says: "He's out of control."
Mako says: "Okay, just tell me what happened."
Shopkeeper says: "We were arguing about the books, and Daw was yelling at me."
Shopkeeper says: "And all of a sudden, things started flying around."
Mako says: "Like what?"
Shopkeeper says: "Well, like he was airbending."
Mako says: "Sir, that's impossible."
Mako says: "There are only five airbenders in the entire world, and, your brother is not one of them."
Shopkeeper says: "I know what I saw."
Shopkeeper says: "He was freaking out yelling: "What's happening to me?!"
Shopkeeper says: "!"
Shopkeeper says: "" Then, he ran into the back room and locked himself in."
Mako says: "Police."
Mako says: "Open up."
Daw says: "Go away!"
Mako says: "Get out here, sir, or I'm knocking this door down."
Daw airbends, unhinging the door which pins Mako down. He looks at the damage he has caused, visibly distraught.
Daw says: "I'm so sorry!"
Cut back to Air Temple Island at dawn, where Bumi tries to airbend while his family looks at him.
Bumi says: "Ugh, I can't figure this thing out."
Korra says: "Do you think being in the Spirit World during Harmonic Convergence could have given him bending?"
Tenzin says: "I suppose it's possible."
Ikki says: "Maybe Uncle Bumi is just a late bloomer."
Kya says: "I have been noticing a change in your aura lately."
Bumi says: "And you didn't tell me?"
Lin says: "Invisible spirit monster attack?"
Tenzin says: "Lin, you won't believe this."
Tenzin says: "Bumi just started airbending."
Lin says: "I'm afraid he's not the only one."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Korra says: "What?"
Mako says: "I got a call last night."
Mako says: "About a guy who just started airbending out of nowhere."
Tenzin says: "You mean there's another one?"
Tenzin says: "Where is he now?"
Mako says: "He..."
Mako says: "blew a door down on me and got away."
Mako says: "We got an all-points bulletin out on him right now."
Korra says: "Wait, we'll help you look for him."
Korra says: "Where should we start?"
Mako says: "Oh, well, y'know, you should leave it with the police."
Mako says: "It's..."
Mako says: "police business."
Mako says: "Y'know."
Mako says: "It's um..."
Mako says: "official."
Korra says: "Okay."
Korra says: "How are you doing?"
Korra says: "You know, you're welcome to stay here instead of sleeping at the police station."
Mako says: "No, I'm fine."
Mako says: "I should just, get going."
Korra says: "You know I'm not very good at this."
Asami says: "That's the brake."
Asami says: "Let's try again."
Asami says: "You ready?"
The car behind honks at them, and Korra salutes to Asami, mimicking Mako. The ladies laugh.
Korra says: "How long do you think talking to Mako is gonna be like pulling teeth?"
Asami says: "but it'll get better eventually."
Korra says: "So, when I was gone, did he tell you that we broke up?"
Asami says: "Yeah..."
Asami says: "we all knew."
Asami says: "Sorry."
Korra says: "That's pretty embarrassing."
Asami says: "Actually, I need to tell you something about that,  and I should have told you this sooner, but..."
Asami says: "while you were gone..."
Asami says: "I..."
Asami says: "kind of..."
Asami says: "kissed him."
Asami says: "I'm sorry."
Korra says: "No wonder he's so nervous around us!"
Asami says: "You're not mad?"
Korra says: "No!"
Korra says: "I mean, I kissed Mako when he was going out with you, so..."
Asami says: "You what?"
Korra says: "I'm so sorry!"
Korra says: "I thought you knew!"
Asami says: "I'm just kidding."
Asami says: "I knew a long time ago."
Korra says: "Well, whatever happened with Mako, I'm glad it hasn't come between us."
Korra says: "I've never had a girlfriend to hang out with and talk to before, except for Naga."
Korra says: "This is nice."
Asami says: "Vine!"
Asami says: "Vine!"
Korra slams the brakes and swerves the car, narrowly missing the vines in the middle of the road. A hedgehog-like plant spirit phases toward the car and Asami gasps.
Fruithog Spirit says: "Hey!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Watch where you're going!"
Korra says: "What are you doing living in the middle of the road in the first place?!"
Korra says: "!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Don't ask me, Avatar!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "You made the world this way; we're just living in it!"
Korra says: "Look, I don't have anything against spirits, but these vines are causing major problems all over the city!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Spirits, vines."
Fruithog Spirit says: "We're all the same."
Fruithog Spirit says: "Seems like the Avatar would know that."
Asami says: "Korra, you okay?"
Korra says: "But I'm gonna need a lot of water."
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Tenzin meditates before the statue of his father, Avatar Aang, atop Aang Memorial Island.
Tenzin says: "It's like a dream, Dad."
Tenzin says: "After a hundred and seventy years, new airbenders."
Ikki says: "Dad."
Ikki says: "When that new guy's airbending, does that make him our brother?"
Tenzin says: "Well, in a way, all airbenders are our family."
Ikki says: "Does that mean I have to share my room?"
Ikki says: "Because I like my personal space."
Tenzin says: "Of course not."
Tenzin says: "But we might have to get used to not being the only airbenders around anymore."
Meelo says: "I hope we have enough for an army."
Meelo says: "I want to be Commander like Uncle Bumi."
Jinora says: "Air Nomads don't have armies, Meelo."
Tenzin says: "But maybe, there will be enough to fill the temples again."
Jinora says: "What's wrong, Daddy?"
Tenzin says: "I just wish your grandfather was here to see this."
Meelo says: "Will you be airbender President?"
Tenzin says: "No, but I think the new airbenders will need lots of help and guidance to understand what it means to be part of our nation."
Tenzin says: "That's a big responsibility."
Tenzin says: "I know you will."
Cut to a building overlooking a bridge which is overgrown with spirit vines. Korra, Lin, and Bolin are standing on the bridge, while Raiko and the small group of reporters approach them.
Korra says: "I hope this works."
Korra says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Raiko says: "I was alerted that you had a new plan to wipe out these noxious weed."
Raiko says: "So I thought you'd want everyone to be here to watch."
Male reporter #5.
Avatar Korra, Korra fumes. do you really think-.
Korra says: "No questions!"
Korra says: "Just stand there."
Korra says: "Silently!"
Korra approaches the vines. She focuses and enters the Avatar State and bends out swirls of water around the vines. As she closes the loops, she infuses positive spiritual energies to the water, causing them to glow gold. The vines slowly retreat, and the press look on in awe. When the vines fully retreat, Korra stops bending and bows in respect.
Korra says: "Go in peace."
Male reporter #6.
How did you know what to do?
Male reporter #7.
Will you send the spirits away now? Korra turns in annoyance.
Female reporter #3.
How soon can we expect public water service to resume?
A loud splash is heard as the vines suddenly grow back, startling everyone. The vines grow denser than before, and has also grown to inundate the opposite block. A boy standing by the window recoils in shock at the state of the growth. The weight of the vine causes the building to tilt toward the bridge.
The guards escort the worried Raiko away. Bolin and Lin run forward and both bend out a rock pillar to stop the building from toppling over. Korra barges open the door with airbending and looks at the worried occupants.
Korra says: "Let's go, people!"
Korra says: "Hurry."
Korra looks on as the people evacuate. She opens her glider and flies to the window where the boy is trapped. She reaches out to grab the child when rumbling causes her to gasp.
Korra says: "Hang on."
Korra dives down and land on the ground. She flips and stops the tip with airbending while the remaining occupants flee the danger. She strains herself and slowly lets the tip land softly. Bolin and Lin walk up to her.
Bolin says: "I think that could've gone better."
Cut to Air Temple Island, where Korra is meditating in a pavilion. Tenzin walks up to her.
Korra says: "Can't talk."
Korra says: "Meditating."
Tenzin says: "You must be at the end of your rope."
Tenzin says: "You hate meditating."
Korra says: "I thought if I really tried I might be able to contact my past Avatars, someone who knows something to help me, but I can't."
Korra says: "They're gone and I'm all alone."
Korra says: "Did I ruin everything by leaving the spirit portals open?"
Tenzin says: "You didn't ruin anything."
Tenzin says: "You did what you thought was best for the world, and now things have changed."
Tenzin says: "Change can be good or bad, depending on your point of view."
Korra says: "I know the people's point of view."
Korra says: "It's bad."
Tenzin says: "You're not the President, Korra."
Tenzin says: "Your job isn't to fix the daily problems of every person in Republic City."
Tenzin says: "Your responsibility is to bring balance to the entire world, and that means no matter what you do, some people are not going to be happy about it."
Korra says: "Right."
Tenzin says: "On the other hand, some people will be very happy."
Tenzin says: "Like me."
Tenzin says: "What you did during Harmonic Convergence may have brought back the Air Nation, and that can only be good for restoring balance."
Tenzin says: "That is the act of a great Avatar."
Korra says: "It's scary."
Korra says: "I have all this power and all these people depending on me, but I don't know what I am supposed to be doing half the time."
Korra says: "It seems like I should be..."
Korra says: "wiser."
Tenzin says: "True wisdom begins when we accept things as they are."
Tenzin says: "You've started a new age, Korra."
Tenzin says: "There's no going back to the past."
Bolin says: "Mako called!"
Bolin says: "The cops found a new airbender guy, but when they tried to bring him in, he ran away and climbed to the top of Kyoshi Bridge and won't come down."
Bolin says: "Ooh sorry, did I interrupt an Avatar wisdom session?"
Korra says: "Come on."
Bolin says: "Oh okay."
Bolin says: "Is that a good thing?"
Korra says: "Depends who you ask."
Scene shifts to Kyoshi Bridge. Oogi flies down and lands on the bridge. Korra, Tenzin, and Bolin jump off Oogi. Korra walks up between Lin and Mako.
Lin says: "Come down immediately, or we will be forced to take action."
Cut to Daw, who chatters, trembles and holding onto the bridge, while looking around wondrously.
Daw says: "Stay back!"
Daw says: "I'm dangerous."
Metalbender cop attacks him. He defends himself using an air dome, knocking off all the metalbenders.
Daw says: "Sorry!"
The metalbenders fire their cables toward the bridge before swinging back to the ground. Korra grabs her glider and flies to the top of the bridge.
Korra says: "Don't panic, I'm just here to talk."
Daw says: "Please, I don't know what I'm doing and I don't want to hurt anyone."
Korra says: "Tell me about it."
Korra says: "Rough day, huh?"
Korra says: "I'm having kind of a rough day myself."
Korra says: "You mind if I sit down here?"
Daw says: "Huh."
Korra says: "Look, I know you're scared."
Korra says: "You've gone through a big change and its kind of my fault."
Korra says: "But you're not alone, there are other airbenders and they want to help you."
Korra says: "Actually, they are really excited to meet you."
Daw says: "I don't want to be an airbender."
Daw says: "Please, you're the Avatar, make it stop."
Daw says: "Ahh!"
Korra says: "I'm sorry, I can't, but I promise you things will get better if you just give it a chance."
Korra says: "Let me take you over to Air Temple Island and we can talk this through."
Korra says: "Okay?"
Korra reaches out her hand in a welcoming manner. Daw hesitates, but soon reaches his hand back to Korra. He takes a step, but loses his footing, plunging down the bridge.
Daw says: "Oh!"
Daw says: "Ahh!"
Korra dives down, opens her glider and saves Daw. The crowd cheers at the save. Tenzin approaches Daw.
Korra says: "Daw, this is Tenzin."
Korra says: "He is going to help you."
Tenzin says: "It is absolutely my pleasure to meet you, Daw."
Tenzin says: "I have never met a new airbender before."
Tenzin says: "Well, at least not one whose diaper I didn't have to change."
Daw says: "Actually, I just fell off a bridge so I could use a fresh diaper right about now."
Raiko says: "So, is this the deal?"
Raiko says: "We have crisis every other day now thanks to you."
Korra says: "Listen, I know you're having a tough time getting used to these changes and I'm sorry for that, but you and everyone else are going to have to learn live with it."
Korra says: "The vines and the spirits are here to stay."
Raiko says: "Well, you know who's not here to stay?"
Korra says: "Don't worry, I was already leaving."
Korra and Raiko walk away from each other in opposite direction. Korra looks down smiling.
Korra says: "I can see my path now."
Korra says: "There are new airbenders out there and I'm going to find them and rebuild the Air Nation."
Tenzin says: "Don't think I'm not going with you."
Tenzin says: "It's so exciting."
Tenzin says: "Who knows who's out there now, discovering the gift of airbending for the first time?"
Cut to a mountainous region. A retractable bridge extends. Several White Lotus sentries walk to the building, and the bridge retracts while they take fighting stances. A sentry walks forward and metalbends the octagonal door open, revealing an octagonal prison cell with an inmate seated in calm composure.
White Lotus sentry says: "You know the drill, Zaheer."
Zaheer says: "Of course."
White Lotus sentry says: "Hope you still like rice."
Zaheer says: "Have you ever read the poetry of the great airbending guru, Laghima?"
White Lotus sentry says: "What?"
Zaheer says: "Guru Laghima lived four thousand years ago in the Northern Air Temple."
Zaheer says: "It is said that he unlocked the secret of weightlessness and became untethered from the earth, living his final forty years without ever touching the ground."
White Lotus sentry says: "Is that how you plan to escape?"
White Lotus sentry says: "With something you picked up from an old airbender children's story?"
Zaheer says: "Like all great children's tales, it contains truth within the myth."
Zaheer says: "Laghima once wrote: "Instinct is a lie, told by a fearful body, hoping to be wrong."
White Lotus sentry says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Zaheer says: "It means that when you base your expectations only on what you see,  you blind yourself to the possibilities of a new reality."
Zaheer suddenly airbends, slamming the sentry against the prison bars. He runs forward and turns the sentry's body, grabbing him by the neck. The remaining sentries prepare to attack, but withhold themselves.
Zaheer says: "Uh, uh, uh."
Zaheer says: "You wouldn't want to singe your friend, would you?"
White Lotus sentry says: "How?"
White Lotus sentry says: "You're not a..."
White Lotus sentry says: "bender."
Zaheer says: "Nature is constantly changing."
Zaheer says: "Like the wind."
Zaheer pulls the keys off from the sentry. On unlocking the door, he airbends, slamming his hostage against the wall. He slides out of his cell, narrowly avoiding a sentry's firebending attack, before airbending the sentries off their feet. He leaps up and grabs the firebender, throwing him into the cell. Zaheer avoids an earthbending attack and leaps off a bent earth wall, before climbing up the wall with airbending. Perched, he avoids a fire blast and leaps behind the firebender, before throwing him to the cell with airbending. He runs up a wall, avoiding the attacks from the remaining two sentries. He airbends them off their feet, before airbending them into the cell. He quickly locks the cell.
Zaheer says: "Now you might want to ration that bowl of rice."
Zaheer says: "You've got three weeks until the next shift change."
Zaheer says: "It's the dawning of a new age."
Zaheer says: "The end of the White Lotus, and soon, the end of the Avatar."
Zaheer walks toward the edge of the cliff. He leaps down the cliff, using airbending to cushion his fall from ledge to ledge.
Fade to credits.