The scene opens to the Northern Air Temple. Cut to a scenic view of a grass plain with hills and the Northern Air Temple in the background. Various colorful spirits mingle and fly about.
Tenzin says: "Instead he meditated and got his nourishment from the universe."
Tenzin says: "So when Tang Xu completed the ninety-seventh day of his historic fast on which island?"
Otaku says: "Oooh!"
Otaku says: "Oooh!"
Tenzin says: "Anyone besides Otaku, who already studied this in his acolyte training?"
Otaku says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh!"
Tenzin says: "And is answering every question."
Otaku says: "Ooh!"
Otaku says: "Ooh!"
Otaku says: "Ooh!"
Otaku says: "Whaletail Island."
Tenzin says: "That is correct."
Tenzin says: "Again."
Tenzin says: "Now, on day ninety-eight..."
Bumi says: "Greetings, air people."
Bumi says: "I come seeking boring stories to take back to the Spirit World."
Bum-Ju flies out of Bumi's tunic and he falls down on the ground. Everyone laughs again, including Jinora. Tenzin glares at his daughter, who quickly sits back in a disciplined posture and clears her throat. Cut to Tenzin and Oogi flying in the sky, showing this to the new recruits.
Kai says: "That is incredible!"
Kai says: "When do we get to fly around on our own sky bison like that?"
Tenzin says: "Only after many years of practice and intense training."
Tenzin says: "Besides, we don't have enough bison here for all of you."
Kai says: "What about those?"
Tenzin says: "Actually, the plural of bison is bison."
Recruits says: "Whoa!"
Recruits says: "Cool!"
Recruits says: "Wow look at that!"
Kai says: "Can we ride those?"
Tenzin says: "No, that's a wild herd."
Tenzin says: "It would take many years to tame them."
Tenzin says: "Now, let's get back to our lessons."
Scene shifts to two sky bison carrying the new airbenders, Kya, Pema, Rohan, Meelo, and Ikki.
Meelo says: "We brought you more airbenders!"
The two bison land on the ground.
Tenzin says: "Okay, everyone is dismissed."
Tenzin says: "We'll pick this up..."
Tenzin says: "How is everything in the city?"
Pema says: "Well, we had a little scare but everything is okay."
Pema says: "Zaheer infiltrated the air temple."
Tenzin says: "What!"
Tenzin says: "Is everyone all right?"
Kya says: "Everyone's fine."
Kya says: "I fought with him, but he got away."
Kya says: "And he stole some old necklace that had something to do with..."
Kya says: "Guru..."
Kya says: "Lak..."
Kya says: "shmir."
Tenzin says: "Guru Laghima?"
Kya says: "Right..."
Kya says: "you know I can never keep all those gurus straight."
Kya says: "There were like a million of them."
Kya says: "Remember that long, boring story about that guy who never ate?"
Tenzin says: "Yes..."
Tenzin says: "I remember."
Air Acolyte member says: "Avatar Korra is calling on the temple's radio."
The scene shifts to Tenzin picking up the microphone.
Tenzin says: "Are you all right?"
Tenzin says: "Where are you?"
Korra says: "With Beifong's sister in Zaofu."
Korra says: "We're totally safe, unless we get caught in another fight between Su and Lin."
Tenzin says: "Lin willingly took you to her sister?"
Korra says: "Not exactly."
Korra says: "We got a call about an airbender and it turned out to be Su's daughter Opal."
Korra says: "She'll be headed your way soon."
Tenzin says: "Really?"
Tenzin says: "That's wonderful!"
Korra says: "How's the training going?"
Tenzin says: "Not so well, I'm afraid."
Tenzin says: "No one seems to be interested in the hard work of becoming part of the Air Nation."
Korra says: "You need to give yourself a break."
Korra says: "Let Jinora and the kids help you out, and what about Bumi?"
Korra says: "He was a naval commander, maybe he has some ideas about how you get people motivated."
Tenzin says: "Bumi?!"
Tenzin says: "!"
Tenzin says: "He's my worst student."
Korra says: "Yeah, but he loves to organize people."
Korra says: "If you ask him for help, you can trick him into taking more responsibility by making him think the whole thing with his idea."
Tenzin says: "That actually sounds like a good plan."
Tenzin says: "You're turning into a pretty wise Avatar after all."
Korra says: "Conflict resolution, that's what I do."
Scene shifts to Jinora and Kai looking over the mountain ranges, observing a herd of bison.
Kai says: "We should go down there."
Kai says: "I want to fly one of those bisons."
Jinora says: "I don't know."
Jinora says: "We might get in trouble."
Kai says: "Come on?"
Kai says: "Let's have some fun."
Kai says: "We'll be back before anyone realizes we're gone."
Jinora says: "I guess it would be all right."
Kai and Jinora pick up their gliders to open them and fly down to the lake where the herd of bison is. A group of several spirits look up and watch Kai and Jinora flying and a few accompany them. A little bird-like spirit squeaks and flies in front of Jinora along with other kinds of flying spirits. Jinora gives a smile at the bird-like creature. Cut to an aerial view of the pair flying over a little mountain ridge as they catch sight of bison below near a watering hole.
Kai says: "Look!"
Kai says: "Baby bisons."
Kai says: "How come they're on the ground?"
Kai says: "Let's go see the babies."
Jinora says: "Be careful."
Jinora says: "The mothers are very protective."
Kai lands, folds his glider, and proceeds to pet one of the calves.
Kai says: "Aww, look how cute!"
Jinora says: "Kai, get out of there!"
Jinora notices an adult bison approaching and flies toward Kai. Kai, paralyzed with fear, watches the angry adult bison charge toward him. Jinora flies past and grabs him out of harm's way.
Kai says: "Wow, you really saved me down there."
Kai says: "You know, you're an incredible airbender."
Jinora says: "Well, I've been training for a long time."
Kai says: "Then, why don't you have tattoos like an airbending master?"
Jinora says: "My dad says I'm not a master yet."
Kai says: "You can do everything your dad can."
Kai says: "Plus, you have all these spirit-y powers."
Kai says: "If anyone's a master, you are."
The girl blushes. Cut back to an aerial view of the courtyards outside the air temple, where Bumi is talking to three airbenders.
Bumi says: ""I knew I should have followed my dreams and become a dentist."
Yung says: "such a stick-in-the-mud?"
Bumi says: "Well, I guess cool is something you're born with."
Bumi says: "Let me guess, you want to criticize me for something?"
Tenzin says: "Actually, I need your help."
Bumi says: "Oh yeah."
Bumi says: "With what?"
Tenzin says: "I don't think I'm doing well with the new airbenders, and everyone knows you're a natural leader."
Bumi says: "True, I did win the Admiral Tung Natural Leadership Award, twice."
Tenzin says: "What would you do if you were in charge?"
Tenzin says: "Help me be more like you."
Bumi says: "I'd love to."
Tenzin says: "Thanks for the insight."
Bumi says: "My pleasure."
Cut to the temple at daybreak, where Tenzin barges into the dorm and uses airbending to blast a horn, waking all the airbenders.
Tenzin says: "Dawn patrol!"
Tenzin says: "Everyone up!"
Bumi says: "What are you doing?"
Bumi says: "It's barely light out."
Tenzin says: "I'm taking your advice."
Tenzin says: "I'm going to break you down and build you back up!"
Cut to the mountainside, where Tenzin leaps up the mountain. Jinora follows next, followed by Kai, who stumbles, and the remaining airbenders, who grunt as they prop themselves up the plateaued summit.
Tenzin says: "Nothing like a ten-mile hike first thing in the morning."
Yung says: "Don't these robes come in a warm bison fur version?"
Tenzin says: "No!"
Tenzin says: "Of course not."
Bumi says: "If it weren't so cold, I'd go right back to sleep."
Tenzin says: "Then, this is the perfect time to learn meditation and proper breathing technique."
Tenzin says: "Airbenders are able to warm themselves only with their breathing."
Tenzin says: "Everyone get into the lotus position."
Tenzin says: "Ah, this is so much more refreshing than sleeping."
Tenzin says: "Hush!"
Tenzin says: "Meditation time."
Tenzin says: "Focus."
Bumi sighs and returns to meditation. Cut to the temple, where there are multiple thin wooden posts. The airbenders all sport dark circles from fatigue.
Bumi says: "Can we go back to bed now?"
Tenzin says: "Now that we're refreshed and loose from our hike and meditation, it's time for a balancing exercise."
Jinora says: "Don't you think you're a little hard on them."
Tenzin says: "Don't worry, they can take it."
Tenzin says: "You'll see."
Tenzin says: "When the head is shaved, an airbender is able to feel the wind around him."
Tenzin says: "It is both humbling and freeing."
Kai says: "Hey, you want to go sneak away and check on the baby bisons?"
Jinora says: "Shhh."
Jinora says: "You should be paying attention."
Cut to a slightly surprised Kai who shrugs and walks away. Tenzin polishes Daw's scalp, which shines.
Tenzin says: "All right, who's next?"
Yung says: "I'm not sure I want to shave my head."
Tenzin says: "That's fine, shaving your head is a personal choice."
Daw says: "Wait, what?"
Tenzin says: "Anyone else?"
Jinora says: "You're pushing too hard."
Jinora says: "Maybe we should give them a break."
Tenzin says: "Jinora, I have this under control: Jinora glares at her father."
Tenzin says: "Cut to the obstacle course, which is filled with spinning bells."
Tenzin says: "A female airbender weaves through the bells."
Tenzin says: "Concentrate!"
Tenzin says: "Remember, airbenders move like the wind."
The airbender weaves through the bells says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
smiles says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
before she is struck by a watermelon says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
plunging into the mud. Cut to Ikki says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
Meelo says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
where the former is loading a cannon with watermelons says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
while the latter smirks says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
continues firing the cannon. Cut to a rope obstacle says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
where Otaku is hanging for dear life says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
while the previous female airbender crosses before being struck by another watermelon. Kai runs through the rope says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
causing Otaku to lose his grip. Kai runs up the course says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
confronts the next obstacle says: "a cactus-ridden balancing obstacle."
Tenzin says: "Stay light on your feet, and you'll never feel the stinging rash cactus."
Kai easily leaps through the balancing poles, before crashing into Yung and causing both to fall into the cactus patch. Cut to the cliff, where Kai leaps up with ease, overtaking Bumi and Otaku.
Tenzin says: "Everyone is waiting for you, Bumi."
Tenzin says: "If you don't make it over the next thirty seconds, they'll all have to run through the course again!"
Airbenders says: "You can do it, Bumi!"
Airbenders says: "Come on!"
Bumi leaps to the next ledge, loses his grip, and plunges into the mud.
Tenzin says: "Get back up the wall, recruit!"
Tenzin says: "You're letting your fellow airbenders down."
Bumi says: "Count me out!"
Tenzin says: "Fine, quit!"
Tenzin says: "We don't need your attitude in the new Air Nation."
Daw says: "Master Tenzin, when do we get to go home and visit our families?"
Tenzin says: "Go home?"
Tenzin says: "You just got here."
Female airbender says: "When's dinner?"
Female airbender says: "I'm starving."
Yung says: "Can I change out of my robe now?"
Yung says: "It's itchy."
Kai says: "This is just as bad as the Earth Queen's prison."
Tenzin says: "I'm tired of all this complaining!"
Tenzin says: "Jinora, take over!"
Jinora says: "Does this mean, I'm the master now?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, just lead them through some basic exercises."
Jinora says: "Well, since I'm a master, when do you think I can get my tattoos?"
Tenzin says: "What brought this on?"
Tenzin says: "Kai!"
Tenzin says: "What does he know about when you should get tattoos?"
Tenzin says: "The answer is "no"!"
Tenzin says: "You're just a little girl."
Jinora says: "Lead your own class!"
Tenzin says: "Ikki, Meelo, you're up."
Tenzin says: "Just lead them through the Bagua circle."
Meelo says: "Look to your left!"
Meelo says: "Look to your right!"
Meelo says: "One of those people will not make it out of here alive."
Cut to Jinora, dejectedly looking at a flying bison herd, while Kai walks up to her.
Kai says: "Sorry what I've said got you into trouble with your dad."
Jinora says: "It's not your fault."
Jinora says: "He just can't believe that I'm growing up now and I don't need him telling me what to do like one of his recruits."
Kai says: "I know something that'll cheer you up."
Jinora and Kai fly to the valley where they found the bison herd, only to find it empty.
Jinora says: "Where did all the spirits go?"
Kai says: "Where are the babies?"
Jinora is caught by a fired net. Kai turns and airbends the rustler away. He turns to help Jinora, but is blocked by an earth wall. A rustler fires a net at him. Cut to the rustlers' camp, where they throw Jinora and Kai onto the ground in front of their leader.
Ganbat says: "What are these kids doing in my camp?"
Rustler #1.
We caught them sneaking around. Thought they might tell someone we're here.
Ganbat says: "They're the new airbenders."
Ganbat says: "Must be living up in the temple."
Ganbat says: "Hurry up and gather the rest of the gang and let's get out of here before someone comes looking for these kids."
Ganbat says: "I'll take them to Ba Sing Se, with the rest of the fresh meat."
Jinora and Kai listen to the proposition with fear. Cut to the temple, where Tenzin is meditating.
Tenzin says: "Tattoos."
Tenzin says: "How could she think?"
Tenzin says: "Focus."
Tenzin says: "Breathe."
Tenzin says: "Bumi ruins everything."
Tenzin says: "Inhale."
Tenzin says: "Focus."
Pema says: "Taking a little break from teaching?"
Tenzin says: "I've failed."
Tenzin says: "Bumi quit, the rest of the airbenders want to go home."
Tenzin says: "Can't they see that I'm trying to rebuild an entire culture?"
Pema says: "You know, just because these people can airbend, it doesn't automatically make them Air Nomads."
Tenzin says: "Tell me about it."
Pema says: "I remembered when I moved down my parents' house to become an Air Acolyte."
Pema says: "That first night I was so scared and lonely and the bed was so hard."
Tenzin says: "It's actually better for your back."
Tenzin says: "Sorry."
Pema says: "The point is: I really wanted to be there, but it still took time for me to adjust to feel like I was a part of it all."
Pema says: "The people are probably feeling the same way."
Pema says: "You have to be patient."
Tenzin says: "Now I know how Korra feels when I'm talking to her."
Tenzin says: "Thank you, Pema."
Cut to the outside, where Tenzin sees his brother talking to two airbenders.
Tenzin says: "Bumi, I want to apologize for losing my patience."
Tenzin says: "Hey!"
Tenzin says: "Get back here."
Tenzin says: "Where's Jinora?"
Yung says: "I saw her fly off on her glider with her boyfriend."
Tenzin says: "Kai!"
Cut to the rustlers' camp, where Jinora, Kai and the bison calves are locked in cages.
Jinora says: "How can you steal these bisons?"
Jinora says: "They're endangered."
Ganbat says: "Well, that's why they're worth so much."
Ganbat says: "The Earth Queen and her fancy friends pay big money for bison steaks and other rare meats."
Ganbat says: "I even heard she ate her dad's pet bear."
Jinora says: "You're disgusting."
Kai says: "Hey, do that spirit beaming thing you did to find me."
Kai says: "Go to the temple for help."
Jinora says: "I can't."
Jinora says: "I'm all cramped in here and I need quiet and time to focus."
Jinora says: "But, maybe I can send a message."
Jinora says: "Go find Bum-Ju, tell him we're in trouble."
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple says: "Bumi: No, I don't think I should apologize."
where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi says: "Bumi: No, I don't think I should apologize."
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple says: "Tenzin just wants to boss everybody around."
where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi says: "Tenzin just wants to boss everybody around."
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple says: "I'm too old for that."
where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi says: "I'm too old for that."
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple says: "Wait, Jinora sent this spirit?"
where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi says: "Wait, Jinora sent this spirit?"
The spirit flies out of the cage. Cut to the temple says: "Is she in trouble?"
where Bum-Ju chittters to Bumi says: "Is she in trouble?"
Bum-Ju and the spirit fly off, while Bumi gives chase. Cut to the airbenders, who are being trained by Meelo.
Bumi says: "Jinora's in trouble."
Bumi says: "We have to go get her."
Yung says: "How do you know?"
Bumi says: "Bum-Ju's friend told me."
Otaku says: "You're able to communicate with the spirits?"
Bumi says: "More or less, I get the gist."
Bumi says: "Let's go."
Daw says: "Shouldn't Master Tenzin be dealing with this?"
Daw says: "I don't want to get into trouble: Bumi: Master Tenzin isn't here."
Daw says: "It's up to us."
Daw says: "Ikki and Meelo, grab some bison."
Daw says: "Airbenders, move out!"
The airbenders follow the spirit on two flying bison, where they land on a cliffside overlooking the camp. Cut to Bumi spying on the rustlers with a telescope.
Bumi says: "Bison rustlers."
Bumi says: "They've got Kai and Jinora locked in crates."
Bumi says: "Looks like they're getting ready to leave, we'll have to move fast."
Daw says: "I don't know if I'm ready to get in a fight with some bison rustlers."
Daw says: "I can tell without that telescope that they're mean-looking."
Bumi says: "Listen, this is what we've been training for."
Daw says: "We haven't been training that long."
Bumi says: "That's not important now."
Bumi says: "Remembered how we persevered together on that obstacle course?"
Otaku says: "You actually quit."
Bumi says: "Well, I'm not quitting now."
Bumi says: "I know we've had a tough time, me more than anyone, but we're airbenders, and there aren't many of us so we've got to stick together."
Bumi says: "They've got two of our own in cages out there, and we're not leaving until we bring them home."
Meelo says: "Leave no airbender behind!"
The rustler closes and locks a cage with a bison calf. As the calves whimper, Kai takes two twigs and picks the lock.
Kai says: "In."
Kai says: "Down."
Kai says: "And twist."
Kai manages to free himself and the calf tumbles free of the cage. He proceeds to free Jinora.
Jinora says: "Free the bison first."
Bison rustler #2.
Grabs Kai. Hey! What are you doing out?
Kai airbends the rustler away, alerting the other rustlers, who run up to him. Meanwhile, the other airbenders charge into the camp. The rustlers, noticing the airbenders, defend themselves from the air blasts with an earth wall. Kai prepares to attack Ganbat, who is able to detect the attack and knocks Kai away with earthbending. Cut to Daw, who is nearly captured by a net, though he is able to feel the wind coming from the fired net, allowing him to narrowly dodge the attack before counter-attacking. Ganbat splits the airbender group with earthbending, but Meelo is able to leap up the earth wall and knock him off. Two airbenders, riding on Ikki's air scooter, sneak up another rustler and managed to ambush him. Bumi lets out a war cry and the airbenders charge the camp. While Meelo defeats the final rustler, Ganbat enters the truck and drives it away.
Jinora says: "Kai!"
Kai grabs his glider and pursues the truck. Cut to Tenzin, riding on Oogi when three adult bison fly past them. Tenzin watches the bison approach a truck.
Tenzin says: "What's going on down there?"
Jinora says: "Kai!"
Jinora says: "Help!"
Tenzin says: "I'm coming Jinora."
Kai catches up and enters the truck, knocking Ganbat down, though he is able to regain control and restrains Kai. The rustler looks in shock as he sees adult bison approaching the truck.
Ganbat says: "What the..."
Tenzin directs Oogi to knock against the truck. Kai leaps off the truck and onto Oogi. An adult bison stops in front of the truck and airbends, stunning Ganbat. Kai leaps off Oogi angrily.
Ganbat says: "You got me."
Ganbat says: "I give up."
Kai aggressively sweeps a gust of air at Ganbat, flinging him against the truck.
Kai says: "You think you can kidnap Jinora, and all these baby bisons?!"
Kai says: "!"
Kai throws Ganbat upward before slamming him against the truck once more. Before he can attack, Tenzin stops him by grabbing his staff.
Tenzin says: "Kai, that's enough!"
Tenzin says: "An airbender never attacks a defenseless opponent."
Tenzin says: "But that was very good technique."
Cut to the valley at evening, where the spirits roam about once more. Bumi locks the cage, which contains a sullen Ganbat.
Bumi says: "Maybe you boys haven't heard, but there's some new airbenders on these parts."
Bumi says: "And you never mess with an airbender's bison."
Daw says: "Without my shaved head, I'd never could have dodged that net."
Daw says: "I really felt it coming at me."
Daw says: "You guys should totally get shaved."
Tenzin says: "I'm proud of you."
Tenzin says: "Your connection with the spirits, natural leadership, you remind me of Dad."
Bumi says: "I'm sorry I've been causing you so much trouble."
Bumi says: "I guess I was just scared of not being able to measure up as an airbender."
Bumi says: "You know, even though I'm Aang's son, I never really felt that I was a part of the Air Nation before."
Tenzin says: "You are now."
Cut to the bison herd, where Ikki and Meelo are playing with the calves while Jinora and Kai snuggle the mother bison. The mother bison licks Jinora.
Kai says: "They're so friendly now."
Tenzin says: "The bison are the original airbenders."
Tenzin says: "They recognize their own kind."
Jinora says: "I'm sorry for running off."
Tenzin says: "I'm just lucky no one's hurt."
Jinora says: "I know."
Tenzin says: "But I also realized that perhaps I was too harsh on you."
Jinora says: "Does that mean I can get my airbender tattoos?"
Tenzin says: "It's hard for me to believe that my little girl is grown up enough to have her tattoos."
Tenzin says: "I'll promise I'll think about it."
Tenzin says: "Fair enough?"
Jinora says: "Yeah."
Kai says: "Jinora, look."
Kai says: "They're flying!"
The calves awkwardly ascend, bleating and kicking their feet aimlessly.
Tenzin says: "I guess everyone is growing up."
Fades to credits.