As the title card fades, the scene opens on City Hall; a few spirits play on the spirit vines lining the square.
Mako says: "Shouldn't you be getting ready to,  I don't know..."
Mako says: "rule a whole nation?"
Mako says: "Yay..."
President Raiko enters the scene.
Raiko says: "Getting excited for your big day?"
Wu says: "Does a platypus-bear poop in‒ Hey!"
Mako says: "You sure that's the guy you want running the Earth Kingdom?"
Tenzin enters the scene. Him too, looking at Wu's dance.
Raiko says: "Trust me."
Raiko says: "We'll be sending a delegation of experienced advisers to handle day-to-day governing."
Tenzin says: "I see the prince is becoming accustomed to the burdens of leadership."
Raiko says: "You know royals."
Raiko says: "They love a ceremony."
Raiko says: "Have you received any word on the Avatar's location?"
Tenzin says: "I hope they find her soon."
Tenzin says: "I'm concerned about reports I've heard regarding Kuvira's growing military."
Tenzin says: "They say she's throwing some of her dissenters into prison camps."
Cut to Raiko and Mako, while Tenzin has his back to the camera.
Raiko says: "Well, she'll be stepping down tomorrow."
Raiko says: "We can worry about correcting any of her mistakes after that."
Mako says: "And you're not worried about her handing power over to Prince Wu?"
Raiko says: "When Kuvira started cleaning up the Earth Kingdom, she knew her position wasn't permanent."
Raiko says: "She gave me her word that she'd step down."
Tenzin says: "Still, I'd feel a lot better if Korra were here."
Next cut shows the swamp, where Korra and Toph are shown in Toph's dwelling. Korra stands on the left, while Toph sits on the right, drinking tea.
Korra says: "You got to help me get back into Avatar fighting shape."
Korra says: "I'm getting my butt kicked by losers all over the Earth Kingdom."
Korra says: "The world needs me."
Toph says: "Get over yourself!"
Toph says: "The world doesn't need you one bit."
Korra says: "But, while I've been the Avatar, I've stopped some really bad people from doing some really bad things."
Toph says: "Listen, when I was Chief of Police in Republic City, I worked my butt off busting criminals."
Toph says: "But did that make crime disappear?"
Toph says: "Nope."
Toph says: "If there's one thing I learned on the beat, it's that the names change, but the street stays the same."
Korra says: "So, basically, you're saying that everything I've ever accomplished has been pointless."
Korra says: "And I thought Beifong was grumpy."
Toph says: "I'm the original Beifong!"
Korra says: "So..."
Korra says: "you're not going to train me?"
Toph says: "Well, I was planning on soaking my feet in mud for a few weeks."
Toph says: "But I can't stand you being so pathetic and getting your butt kicked all the time."
Toph says: "All right, I guess I can help."
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Korra moves in to hug Toph, but Toph bends a wall between them, knocking Korra down.
Toph says: "Na-uh-uh-uh."
Toph says: "You want to hug something,  We're here to work!"
Cut to Wu's hotel in Republic City, where Bolin, Kuvira, Baatar Jr. and the rest of Kuvira's delegation arrive.
Bolin says: "Hello Republic Cit-ay!"
Bolin says: "Bolin..."
Bolin says: "is back!"
Bolin says: "And..."
Bolin says: "Eska is also here."
Eska says: "Well done, she seems very threatening."
Bolin says: "Oh no no, that's Kuvira, she's kind of my boss."
Eska says: "Boss, girlfriend."
Eska says: "Same thing."
Cam says: "I'm afraid there's been a mistake, Your Eminence."
Cam says: "We have you and your brother booked in the same room, with only one bed."
Eska says: "It's no mistake."
Eska says: "Desna sleeps in the tub."
Eska shoots a look over her shoulder and walks off with her brother. Cut to Varrick, who is waiting for Zhu Li, who is carrying four suitcases, to catch up with him.
Varrick says: "Never thought I'd be allowed back in the Republic City Four Elements."
Varrick says: "Raiko must have turned purple when Kuvira made him pardon me of my alleged crimes."
Zhu Li says: "You're an upstanding citizen again, sir."
Varrick says: "Love the lavender scent."
Mako and Wu walk in with two guards who are at the door. Mako immediately spots Bolin, who is standing in the center albeit with his back turned.
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Mako says: "Look at you!"
Mako says: "My little brother got all..."
Mako says: "important."
Bolin says: "I know, right?"
Bolin says: "I see myself in the mirror sometimes and I think I'm in trouble before I realize: it's only me."
Mako says: "From what I've heard, she's pretty harsh."
Bolin says: "Mako-style?"
Mako says: "Yeah."
Bolin says: "So, have you seen Korra yet?"
Mako says: "No."
Mako says: "She was supposed to come in with Tonraq, but he said she left the South Pole months ago."
Mako says: "No one knows where she is."
Bolin gets a worried look on his face. Cut to Suyin, who is handed the keys to her room, when she is approached by Baatar Jr.
Baatar Jr.
Mother.
Suyin says: "Hello, Baatar Jr."
Baatar Jr.
It's just "Baatar" now. So, now that you've seen all the good we've done since we left Zaofu, you must be sorry that you didn't come and help us.
Suyin says: "I don't know if I'd call marching all over the Earth Kingdom, forcing people to bow to Kuvira, "doing good"."
Baatar Jr.
You're going to have to get over your grudge with her. I'm sure you've heard that we're engaged. She's going to be an official member of our family.
Suyin says: "I'm just glad she'll be stepping down after tomorrow."
Baatar Jr.
You prefer to be ruled by Looks over his shoulder toward Wu, who is trying to chat up Kuvira; voice-over. that royal idiot?
Wu says: "I hope I'm not out of order saying this: You're pretty easy on the eyes for a military type."
Wu says: "I'll put in a good word for you with the hotel staff, maybe get you a little upgrade."
Wu says: "I've been living here for years, they love me."
Kuvira says: "I won't be needing your help."
Kuvira says: "We've reserved the presidential suite."
Wu says: "Well, I think someone is pulling your chain, gumdrop!"
Wu says: "See, I'm in the presidential suite."
Kuvira says: "Not anymore."
Kuvira says: "I had you moved out."
Wu says: "Cam, where's all my stuff?"
Cam says: "We've moved you into a very nice junior suite on the seventh floor."
Wu says: "Junior suite?"
Kuvira says: "Something you should know about me: I always get what I want."
Cut to Mako and Wu at City Hall, with Wu visibly being worried.
Gun says: "Your royal cabinet is here, your majesty!"
Wu says: "Where have you been?"
Wu says: "My coronation is in ten minutes!"
Wu says: "Where's everyone else?"
Wu says: "Where are the Seven Sacred Chests of Exquisite Finery?"
Wu says: "Where are my grandfather's taffeta pantaloons?"
Gun says: "Sadly, most of your servants were scattered and the royal things were looted after the queen was  removed from office."
Gun says: "So your coronation may not have some of the usual items..."
Gun says: "like..."
Gun says: "the crown."
Wu says: "There's no crown?!"
Wu says: "!"
Wu says: "How can you have a coronation without a crown?"
Wu says: "How will people know when I'm officially the king?"
Gun says: "We still have one of the royal jewels we can pin on you."
Wu says: "An earring?"
Gun says: "Think of it more as a royal brooch."
Wu says: "Are you telling me that there are no dancing badgermoles?"
Wu says: "No acrobat bell ringers, no horn blowing announcery guy?"
Gun says: "It will be a very simple, intimate, elegant ceremony."
Gun says: "A wonderful day for your kingdom."
Gun says: "Just try on the brooch, Your Grace, you will see it looks beautiful..."
Wu says: "Don't..."
Wu says: "touch me."
Cut to the swamp, where Korra and Toph are facing off.
Toph says: "Okay, bring it!"
Korra tries to knock her down with airbending, but Toph evades every blast with her hands behind her back, before knocking Korra down with a single blast of mud. Korra lands in a pool of mud, all dirty, when a poll of grass in blown into her face and a frog-squirrel jumps onto her shoulder and croaks, much to Korra's annoyance.
Toph says: "Tell me what you did wrong."
Korra says: "Well, I was thinking that you were..."
Toph says: "Go again."
Korra gets up and tries again, but Toph effortlessly evades everything Korra throws at her, and finally knocks her down again by blasting her away with a stream of mud. She lands in a shallow pool, and turns on her back when Toph stands beside her again.
Toph says: "Pathetic."
Toph says: "Of all the Avatar's I've worked with, you're by far the worst."
Toph says: "I know that's only one other Avatar,  but still."
Korra says: "Gah!"
Korra says: "Hey!"
Korra says: "It seems like you're enjoying having someone around to beat up an awful lot."
Toph says: "Yeah, the swampbenders out here really can't take a punch."
Korra says: "So..."
Korra says: "what made you want to drop out and disconnect from the rest of the world?"
Toph says: "I'm more connected to the world than you've ever been!"
Toph says: "The roots and vines..."
Toph says: "they run all over the world."
Toph says: "I can see Su and Lin, Zaofu and Republic City."
Toph says: "I see everything."
Toph says: "You're blind compared to me."
Cut to Wu's coronation in Republic City. Gun pins the earring on Wu.
Gun says: "Now rise, Wu of the Hou-Ting Dynasty, King of all the Earth Lands and glorious defender of Ba Sing Se."
Gun says: "Long may you reign!"
A few people are applauding in the crowd.
Spectator #1.
Disinterested. Go Wu! Woohoo ...
Spectator #2.
Just as disinterested. Woohoo ...
Wu says: "For your service to the realm, I would like to present you with the Kyoshi Medal of Freedom, our nation's highest honor, which was somehow not stolen, unlike the royal pinky rings."
Kuvira says: "Thank you."
Kuvira says: "And if you don't mind, I would like to say a few words."
Wu says: "Why not?"
Wu says: "We've got six hours to fill..."
Wu says: "Wait, what?"
Wu says: "But I just got the royal brooch!"
Kuvira says: "I have created a new Earth Empire, and I will continue to lead it into the future myself, bringing about a new era of prosperity for my people."
Crowd says: "All hail the Great Uniter!"
Crowd says: "Thank you, Kuvira!"
Crowd says: "All hail the Great Uniter!"
Wu says: "Worst coronation ever."
Cut to the Republic City Four Elements hotel again, where Bolin and Varrick sit in the Presidential Suite.
Bolin says: "Were you surprised?"
Bolin says: "Because I was really surprised."
Bolin says: "Won't this turn all the world leaders against us?"
Varrick says: "Relax, kid, what can they do?"
Varrick says: "Kuvira controls the whole nation now, and Republic City is begging for the metal that we're mining."
Varrick says: "This train has left the station, and we own the track!"
Zhu Li walks in, followed by a spirit vine on a cart.
Varrick says: "Now that's a nice looking hunk of spirit vine!"
Varrick says: "Let's take it back to the lab and get it stabilized immediately."
Zhu Li gestures the men pushing the cart to take it away again, and Varrick goes with them. At the same time, Kuvira enters the room, and looks at Bolin, who sits uneasily in his chair, hands folded and head down.
Kuvira says: "You look worried, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Yeah, well, I just have some misgivings about how you kind of ambushed Tenzin and the other leaders."
Kuvira says: "You believe in the work that we've done for the people of the Earth Empire, right, Bolin?"
Bolin says: "I do, but..."
Kuvira says: "Then stick with me."
Kuvira says: "I'm going to need your help now more than ever."
Kuvira says: "Raiko and the other leaders want to bully us into accepting some idiot king who will serve them but neglect the people."
Kuvira says: "We have to stand strong against them."
Bolin says: "I'm just not sure about this whole "Empire" thing."
Bolin says: "It seems pretty aggressive."
Bolin says: "And what was that part about the crushing?"
Kuvira says: "That was just some..."
Kuvira says: "tough rhetoric to let people know that we mean business."
Kuvira says: "Believe me,  conflict is the last thing I want."
Kuvira says: "Will you help me make history, Bolin?"
Bolin says: "I'll stand by you."
Kuvira says: "Thank you."
Suyin walks into the room, drawing the attention of both of them.
Suyin says: "We need to talk."
Suyin says: "I met with the world leaders, and I've come as their representative."
Kuvira says: "So now you're taking an interest in world affairs."
Kuvira says: "A little late, isn't it?"
Kuvira says: "When the queen fell, and everyone was asking you to help keep the Earth Kingdom from falling apart, all you wanted to do was hide in Zaofu, and let others deal with the consequences."
Suyin says: "That's hardly fair."
Suyin says: "I didn't want to seize power for myself, which is what you've done."
Suyin says: "I'm telling you for the good of everyone, you have to step down."
Kuvira says: "I stepped up."
Kuvira says: "I provide stability and equality."
Kuvira says: "Tell your world leaders to stay out of Earth Empire business."
Kuvira says: "We won't accept their hand-picked dictator."
Suyin says: "What makes you so different?"
Suyin says: "You're just another tyrant."
Suyin says: "And don't pretend the people put you where you are."
Suyin says: "I know what happens to cities who don't want to hand over control to you."
Kuvira says: "Then you know what's coming for Zaofu."
Fade to another room in the hotel.
Wu says: "First I lose my suite, then I lose my throne."
Wu says: "My royal brooch is a lie!"
Wu says: "I know you must be crushed, not getting to come back to Ba Sing Se with me."
Mako says: "Don't worry about me."
Mako says: "I'll..."
Mako says: "find a way to make it."
Wu says: "Good ol' Mako, my big tough guy."
Wu says: "Let's go shopping!"
Someone knocks on the door, and Mako, opening it, finds Bolin on the other side.
Wu says: "Ugh."
Wu says: "Get rid of him."
Wu says: "He's with her."
Mako says: "He's my brother."
Bolin says: "Interesting ceremony, huh?"
Mako says: "You aren't going to keep working for Kuvira now that she's going against the wishes of the entire world, are you?"
Bolin says: "You don't understand."
Bolin says: "Kuvira is helping out all the poor people of the Earth Empire."
Bolin says: "People like our family."
Bolin says: "This is for the best."
Mako says: "I don't know, bro."
Bolin says: "Okay, why don't you come with me, and you'll see for yourself?"
Bolin says: "We've done a lot of good, and Varrick is working on some new innovations."
Bolin says: "We're making history."
Mako says: "By "crushing" anyone who gets in your way?"
Bolin says: "She might seem hard to deal with, but just because she's so passionate and believes in what she's doing."
Mako says: "It seems like she's just a dictator who's taking the Earth Kingdom by force."
Bolin says: "would be a better leader than Kuvira?"
Mako says: "Well, no, but still..."
Bolin says: "Still what?"
Bolin says: "Come on, Mako!"
Bolin says: "I'm making a difference out there, what are you doing, huh?"
Bolin says: "You're just some glorified butler for some snotty rich bozo!"
Cut to Wu on the inside of the door, eavesdropping on the conversation of the bending brothers. He gets agitated at Bolin's remark. Back outside, Bolin walks off.
Mako says: "I'm sorry, I don't want to work for your glorious emperor and her military dictatorship."
Wu says: "Sorry, sport, I heard it all."
Mako says: "I can't believe him!"
Wu says: "I know!"
Wu says: "Insulting another man's suite?"
Wu says: "It's beneath low."
Wu says: "But I think I know what would cheer you up: a visit to Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall!"
Wu says: "I'll buy you a smoothie."
Mako says: "Yeah."
Mako says: "Okay."
Cut back to the swamp, where Korra and Toph are walking side by side.
Korra says: "That was terrible."
Toph says: "Hah!"
Toph says: "Maybe for you."
Toph says: "I had a great time!"
Toph says: "I never realized how much I missed tormenting the Avatar  I wish you were putting up more of a fight, but it was still fun."
Korra says: "You were tossing me around like a ragdoll all day long."
Toph says: "I know!"
Toph says: "And I'm an old lady!"
Toph says: "Imagine me in my prime!"
Toph says: "I would have destroyed you!"
Korra says: "I just don't understand why I can't get back to my former self."
Korra says: "It's like..."
Korra says: "I'm a step slower."
Korra says: "I'm tentative, I'm out of sync, I just can't get back in the groove."
Toph says: "Probably carrying around that metal doesn't help."
Korra says: "What metal?"
Toph says: "The little bits of metal poison stuck in your body."
Toph says: "Are you trying to tell me you can't feel metal in your own body?"
Toph says: "You really are the worst Avatar ever."
Korra says: "I thought Su got it all out."
Toph says: "Oh, my girls never really picked up metalbending all that well, if you ask me."
Korra says: "That's been my problem this entire time!"
Korra says: "I gotta get it out!"
Korra says: "You can get it out for me, right?"
Toph says: "Who do you think you're talking to?"
Cut to the Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall, where Mako and Wu sit drinking smoothies through straws.
Wu says: "Once we're done with these, we can go into the Middle Ring and I'll let you pick out some new suits, then we'll hit the boutiques in the Upper Ring for me."
Wu says: "Where did you get those shirts?"
Girl #1.
Aces, right? Kuvira is my hero.
Girl #2.
They're selling them over there.
She points to a store with a large crowd of Kuvira supporters in front of it. Wu pulls his hair in exasperation, squealing, before angrily running toward the shop.
Wu says: "You can't sell that junk in here!"
Wu says: "This is the Little Ba Sing Se Fashion Mall, and I'm the Little King here!"
Wu says: "Respect the brooch!"
Crowd says: "Stop it, Little King!"
Wu says: "I am the Glorious Defender!"
Wu throws his smoothie at the group. The sound of the cup hitting something and spilling is heard in the background and the yelling falls momentarily silent.
Crowd says: "I'm covered in juice!"
Crowd says: "Get him!"
Mako says: "We need to get you out of here."
Mako pulls Wu by the arm, while Kuvira's supporters chase them. Mako realizes they can't outrun the group, so he creates a wall of fire behind them, blocking their attackers' path, and pulls Wu behind the wall of a shop, which happens to have a vandalized poster of Wu stuck to it.
Wu says: "It's destiny."
Wu says: "Look where we are, Mako!"
Wu says: "The Royal Palace."
Wu runs inside, rudely and haphazardly knocking down the trays of various people as he passes. At the far end of the room, he sees a mock-up of the throne; a little boy sits on it, playing with a fake scepter and a fake crown. Wu approaches and promptly tries to steal the scepter from the child.
Little Boy says: "Hey!"
Little Boy says: "It's my birthday!"
Mako says: "Okay, you're losing it."
Wu says: "This is the worst day of my life!"
Mako says: "Why?"
Mako says: "Do you really want to be the king?"
Mako says: "I mean, Kuvira might be a power-crazed dictator, but at least she spent the last few years working hard to make the Earth Kingdom somewhat better."
Mako says: "If you were an Earth Kingdom citizen, do you think you're the kind of person you want as your king?"
Mako says: "What have you ever done for your people?"
Mako says: "I'm sorry, that was out of line."
Wu says: "No, you're right."
Wu says: "No one ever talked to me like that before."
Wu says: "I guess I'm just a joke who got what he deserved."
Mako says: "Let's get you out of here and back to someplace safe."
Wu says: "Carry me?"
Mako says: "No."
Cut back to Korra and Toph. Korra is lying on a bed, and Toph is leaning over her.
Toph says: "Okay, if you want me to bend out this metal, you need to relax."
Korra says: "I am relaxed."
Toph says: "Seriously?"
Toph says: "Your body is like a twisted tree-trunk!"
Korra says: "Just do it!"
Korra says: "I'm ready."
Toph cracks her fingers, then her shoulders. The second she starts bending the metal in Korra's body, Korra bolts upright in pain, yelling.
Toph says: "It wouldn't hurt if you would just relax!"
Toph says: "Stop fighting me!"
Korra says: "I'm not fighting!"
Korra throws herself back onto the bed. Toph cracks her back and starts bending again. This time, Korra gets the visions of Zaheer suffocating her again. She jolts back into reality, screaming.
Toph says: "All right, that's it."
Toph says: "You're going to have to do this yourself."
Toph says: "Clearly, you want to keep the metal in there."
Korra says: "What do you mean?"
Korra says: "Why would I want poison inside me?"
Toph says: "I don't know!"
Toph says: "Maybe so you have an excuse not to go back to being the Avatar."
Toph says: "If you don't get better, you can't do your job, so you don't have to worry about getting hurt again!"
Korra says: "Wha‒ That's ridiculous!"
Toph says: "Whatever."
Toph says: "When you want it out, you can bend it out."
Toph says: "I can't deal with all your issues for you."
Korra says: "Wait!"
Korra says: "What am I supposed to do now?"
Toph says: "How should I know?"
Toph says: "Ask the spirit that brought you here."
Toph says: "The good news is, if you're looking for a place to hang where no one will bother you, you picked the best swamp in the world!"
Korra lets her head hang. Cut to Air Temple Island.
Tenzin says: "This..."
Tenzin says: "is a mission of the utmost importance."
Tenzin says: "Conflict is coming to the Earth Kingdom and we need to find the Avatar."
Tenzin says: "Can I count on you three to bring Korra home?"
Meelo says: "You can count on one of us."
Meelo says: "I don't know about these two ladies."
Cut to Kuvira's train, where Zhu Li puts a part of the spirit vine, wired to electrical connections and suspended in a glass tube, into a machine of sorts as Kuvira and Varrick watch from overhead.
Kuvira says: "From now on, developing this technology is your number one priority."
Varrick says: "This is going to change everything!"
Varrick says: "."
End credits.