The scene starts in a building in the midst of the desert where a group of people walks toward an Earth Kingdom airship. Camera cuts to ground level as a soldier pushes the dolly Korra is on while Asami walks forward with her head bowed down.
Korra says: "I talked to one of them in the Spirit World yesterday."
Korra says: "He's insane!"
The engine is turned on, and the airship begins to fly. The scene cuts to Korra being locked in a cell with Asami. After locking Korra to the wall, the crew chains Asami to the floor.
Asami says: "Do I have to be chained to the floor the whole way?"
Asami says: "It's going to be so uncomfortable."
Arik says: "Sorry Ma'am, I'm under orders."
Asami says: "Can't you just chain me to that railing?"
Asami says: "Please?"
Arik says: "Well, as long as you're chained up, I guess it doesn't make a difference."
Asami says: "Thank you, Sir."
Korra says: "Can I have..."
Korra says: "some water?"
Arik says: "No water."
Arik says: "We're also not going to bring you any rocks or fire, so don't ask."
Arik says: "I guess there's air, but there's nothing we can do about that."
Arik says: "We're not opening your compartment 'til we reach Ba Sing Se."
Korra says: "I hoped Mako or Bolin would have shown up to save us by now."
Korra says: "I wonder if they're okay."
Scene changes to a truck driving along a desert road. Cut to the inside of the Red Lotus' truck with Zaheer driving and P'Li sitting besides him in front.
Mako says: "holding us hostage will give you some leverage against the Avatar, you're gonna be very disappointed."
Ming-Hua says: "Can't we just enjoy our time together in silence?"
Mako says: "And why did you need Korra alive back in Zaofu?"
Mako says: "You had her paralyzed."
Mako says: "Why didn't you just take her out when you had the chance?"
Ghazan says: "Look, all you need to know is that the world is about to change, for the better."
Bolin says: "So you guys were like locked up for fifteen years, huh?"
Bolin says: "It must've been like crazy boring."
Ghazan says: "Actually, it was only thirteen years."
Ghazan says: "But it felt like thirty."
Bolin says: "I mean, what did you do with all that time?"
Bolin says: "Did you sing songs, work on crafts?"
Ming-Hua says: "Not a lot of craft supplies in a volcanic prison cell."
Ghazan says: "And I must've renamed the constellations about a thousand times."
Ghazan says: "When it rained, that was a big event."
Ming-Hua says: "I would've killed for some rain."
Ming-Hua says: "Mostly I just made up stories about the guards: who was having trouble with his girlfriend; which one secretly wished he'd become a pastry chef."
Bolin says: "Ooh okay, that sounds like fun."
Bolin says: "Let me try that on you guys."
Bolin says: "You were raised by an older sister, your mustache grew in when you were ten and I'm sensing - just sensing - an unspoken attraction between you two."
Ming-Hua and Ghazan glance at each other awkwardly. Ming-Hua gives Ghazan a sulking look and turns away, surprising the lavabender.
Ghazan says: "Two out of three."
Ghazan says: "Not bad."
Mako says: "Bolin, would you stop making friends with the bad guys?"
Bolin says: "Sorry!"
Zaheer says: "Ghazan, gag those two."
Zaheer says: "We're almost there."
Cut to a far shot of the truck entering Ba Sing Se. The scene changes to the airship flying above Si Wong Desert, before to the interior where Korra struggles against her restraints, but to no avail.
Korra says: "We have to find a way to get out of this prison before we get to the Earth Queen."
Asami says: "Don't worry, I have a plan."
Asami says: "These airships the Cabbage Corp sold to the Earth Kingdom are way cheaper than the ones Future Industries built."
Asami stands against the wall and struggles, pulling off the railing. She jumps to bring her hands in front before throwing the railing to catch it upright.
Asami says: "Now that's just shoddy workmanship."
Asami says: "Give me five minutes, then start yelling for help."
Asami crawls down the pane. The scene changes to the palace.
Hou-Ting says: "When is the Avatar scheduled for delivery?"
Gun says: "The airship already left Fort Bosco and should be arriving in a few hours."
Hou-Ting says: "Excellent."
Hou-Ting says: "Bring it to me as soon as it lands."
Gun says: "Yes, Your Majesty."
Gun says: "But first there are some..."
Gun says: "people here who captured two of the Avatar's friends."
Gun says: "They would like to present them to you personally."
Hou-Ting says: "You know I don't meet with bounty hunters."
Gun says: "And of course I told them that."
Gun says: "But they say they have some information that might interest you; about the location of your stolen airbenders."
Hou-Ting says: "Really?"
Hou-Ting says: "Now, I'm told you have some information for me."
Hou-Ting says: "I hope this isn't just some ruse to increase your bounty."
Zaheer says: "We don't want any bounty, Your Majesty."
Zaheer says: "You can consider these two a "thank you" gift for simply taking the time to talk to us."
Hou-Ting says: "How very magnanimous."
Hou-Ting says: "So, where are my airbenders?"
Zaheer says: "I'd be happy to tell you, once you hand the Avatar over to me."
Hou-Ting says: "Who told you that we have the Avatar?!"
Hou-Ting says: "!"
Zaheer says: "How I know is not important."
Zaheer says: "But if I found out, others will too."
Zaheer says: "And that could put you in a difficult position."
Hou-Ting says: "Is that so?"
Zaheer says: "Your Majesty, imprisoning the Avatar will cause the other nations to turn against you and demand her freedom."
Zaheer says: "Before long, we'd be in the midst of a sticky international incident."
Zaheer says: "If you let me take her today, no one need ever know she was here, and you can get your airbenders back without interference."
Zaheer says: "We both win."
Hou-Ting says: "And what do you plan to do with the Avatar should I see fit to grant your request."
Zaheer says: "All I can say is: I have business with her."
Zaheer says: "But she won't be bothering you again."
Zaheer says: "I can assure you of that."
The scene changes to the airship flying above the desert. Cut to the outside of the cell, where Arik stands guard.
Korra says: "Guards!"
Korra says: "Something happened to my friend."
Korra says: "She needs help."
Arik says: "Where is she?"
Arik is knocked out by Asami. She opens the door, triumphantly spinning the keys around her finger. She frees Korra from the straitjacket while Korra removes the muzzle.
Korra says: "Nice work."
Korra says: "Now let's take control of the ship."
Cut to the cockpit of the airship where Korra barges in with metalbending. The co-pilot runs up, but is knocked against the steering wheel by an air blast, causing the airship to lose control.
Captain says: "Mayday!"
Captain says: "Mayday!"
Captain says: "The Avatar has escaped."
Captain says: "We're going down in quadrant four of the Si Wong Desert."
The co-pilot regains consciousness and charges Korra, before being knocked against the captain by another air blast. Asami runs up to the steering wheel.
Asami says: "I think you might have been a little over-aggressive with the airbending."
Asami says: "The controls are busted."
Asami says: "Also, you broke the radio."
Korra says: "Sorry, but it's not my fault this airship's a hunk of junk."
Korra and Asami climb out of the airship from the roof.
Asami says: "Well."
Asami says: "They say any landing you could walk away from is a good landing."
Asami says: "But, given our location, I'm not so sure about that."
Korra says: "You're the engineer."
Korra says: "What do you think?"
Korra says: "Can we get flying again?"
Asami says: "It doesn't look good."
Asami says: "Even if you metalbend the propellers back into shape, we have to dig this whole thing out of the sand."
Korra says: "Is everyone all right?"
Arik says: "Like you care."
Kong says: "What the heck happened?"
Arik says: "She said her friend needed help, then they knocked me out!"
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Korra says: "But I couldn't let you take me to the Earth Queen as a captive."
Korra says: "There are dangerous forces at work that you don't know anything about."
Kong says: "More dangerous than being stranded in the desert?"
Captain says: "Don't worry, Kong."
Captain says: "I've radioed Ba Sing Se before we went down."
Captain says: "We just need to sit tight."
Captain says: "Somebody will be here to rescue us."
Korra says: "I'm not waiting around for that."
Korra says: "We need to get out of here now."
Asami says: "If we all work together, we might be able to get the ship up and running."
Kong says: "Not likely."
Kong says: "I just tunneled out the engine room."
Kong says: "It's like a sandbox in there."
Captain says: "This ship isn't going anywhere."
Captain says: "And neither are you."
Captain says: "You're prisoners and it's our duty to transport you to the Earth Queen."
Korra says: "You don't want to fight me."
Captain says: "I'm afraid you aren't giving us much of a choice."
Captain says: "We have our orders."
Asami says: "Wait, did that sand dune just move?"
Captain says: "It was probably just a mirage."
Captain says: "The desert will play tricks on you."
Asami says: "That's no mirage."
Asami says: "Look."
Kong says: "I heard that since all the spirits came back, this desert has been haunted by them."
Kong says: "We want to fix the ship."
Kong says: "Right, Cap?"
Captain says: "Let's get to work."
Korra says: "Everybody stand back."
Korra prepares herself and bends a large air spout at the sand dune. The scene changes to the prison cell, where a guard patrols past the cells, knocking on the bars with a baton. As he walks past Mako and Bolin's cell, he hits Bolin who was leaning against the bars, causing him to grunt in annoyance.
Mako says: "We have to find a way out of here before Zaheer gets his hands on Korra."
Prisoner says: "Take me with you."
Prisoner says: "I haven't seen my wife and five kids for four years."
Bolin says: "Four years?"
Prisoner says: "now I really miss them."
Mako says: "Listen."
Mako says: "Bolin, this is up to you."
Mako says: "I know you can metalbend."
Prisoner says: "You can metalbend?"
Bolin says: "No."
Mako says: "Yes you can."
Mako says: "I believe in you."
Prisoner says: "I believe in you too, Bolin."
Bolin says: "I appreciate that, Mako, and fellow..."
Bolin says: "prisoner man."
Bolin says: "But I've been trying and trying and trying and I've never been able to do it."
Bolin says: "Not even a little."
Mako says: "You've always had the ability deep down."
Mako says: "You just haven't had the motivation."
Mako says: "But this is your time!"
Mako says: "Get us out of here to save Korra."
Mako says: "You can do it!"
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Other prisoners says: "Bolin!"
Other prisoners says: "Bolin!"
Other prisoners says: "Bolin!"
Other prisoners says: "Bolin!"
Bolin says: "You're right."
Bolin says: "I can't metalbend."
Other prisoners says: "Aww!"
Prisoner says: "Hey, you guys didn't happen to bring any toilet paper, do you?"
Cut to Lin driving a jeep when she notices some tire tracks. She reverses and drives up the abandoned jeep. As she inspects the it, Naga leaps from behind, growling aggressively, startling her. Naga soon recognizes Lin and smiles, running around her and licking her.
Lin says: "First, you scare the life out of me, now you want to lick me."
Naga licks Lin once more. Pabu emerges from the jeep and crawls on Lin's body. Lin manages to grab Pabu by the neck and put him on top of Naga.
Lin says: "Tonraq, you read me?"
Tonraq says: "Yes, we copy."
Lin says: "I've found Korra's jeep, but the kids aren't here."
Lin says: "Meet me at the Misty Palms Oasis."
Cut to the Si Wong Desert where Asami welds the rudder. The exit hatch opens and Korra and Kong walk out.
Asami says: "How's it looking in there?"
Korra says: "I just airbent all the sand out of the engine room."
Korra says: "I think it's clean."
Kong says: "Hasn't been this clean since it floated off the showroom floor."
Korra says: "How's it going out here?"
Asami says: "Well, she's still pretty banged up, but I think she might be able to limp out of the desert."
Asami says: "Kong, you want to see if you can get the engine started?"
Kong says: "Aye aye!"
Kong walks back into the airship. Soon, the propellers begin to spin.
Arik says: "All right!"
A sand shark jumps from beneath the surface and grabs the airship, snapping it into two. Korra and Asami look in fear before running away with the crew, narrowly missing the sand shark's dive, causing the doomed airship to sink below.
Korra says: "That's no spirit!"
Korra says: "I think it's gone now."
Arik says: "Kong, are you all right?"
Arik says: "What are we going to do?"
Arik says: "All of our supplies were on the ship."
Arik says: "We've got no food, no water."
Captain says: "Easy, Arik."
Captain says: "Another ship is on the way."
Captain says: "We just need to hold our position for a few hours."
Asami says: "We might not have a few hours."
Korra says: "How far are we from the edge of the desert?"
Captain says: "Too far to walk, if that's what you're thinking."
Arik says: "We can't just wait around to for that thing to pick us off one by one!"
Captain says: "You'll do as you're told, Airman."
Captain says: "Now get a hold of yourself!"
Asami says: "Maybe we can still build something to get us all out of here."
Captain says: "You want to make some wings out of scrap metal and flap real hard?"
Asami says: "No, but we might have enough material to construct a makeshift sand-sailer."
Asami says: "Like the sandbenders use to get around."
Asami says: "All we need is a sail and some kind of sled to attach it to."
Korra says: "It's worth a try."
Captain says: "Gather every piece of metal you can find."
Captain says: "We'll give that sandy beast a run for his money yet."
Cut to the Red Lotus' chamber. A Dai Li agent walks past the door, alerting the Red Lotus.
Zaheer says: "Looks like he's in hurry."
Zaheer says: "Wait here."
Zaheer leaves the chamber and, after noticing no one around, stalks the Dai Li agent. As the agent opens the throne room door, he leaps up against the wall, entering the throne room via the ceiling lattice.
Dai Li agent says: "Your Majesty, we received a distress signal from the airship carrying the prisoners."
Dai Li agent says: "We believed the ship crashed in the Si Wong desert and the Avatar may have escaped."
Hou-Ting says: "This is outrageous!"
Hou-Ting says: "Send another airship to retrieve the Avatar immediately."
Dai Li agent says: "It's already on its way, Your Majesty."
Zaheer leaves the throne room and returns to his chambers.
Ming-Hua says: "What are we going to do now?"
Ghazan says: "There's no way we can track her down in the desert before the queen gets to her."
P'Li says: "You really think we'd be lucky enough to capture her again?"
P'Li says: "She'll be long gone by the time they arrive."
Zaheer says: "It doesn't matter."
Zaheer says: "We're through chasing her."
Zaheer says: "It's time to make her come to us."
The Red Lotus barge into the throne room.
Hou-Ting says: "What is this riff-raff doing in my throne room unannounced?"
Zaheer says: "Apologies, Your Majesty."
Zaheer says: "But I couldn't help overhearing that the Avatar won't be joining us today."
Hou-Ting says: "The Avatar is still in my custody."
Hou-Ting says: "However, eavesdropping on royal conversations will land you in a cell right next to those boys you brought in."
Hou-Ting says: "Now, if you value your freedom, you'll tell me where the airbenders are right now!"
Zaheer says: "That wasn't the deal."
Hou-Ting says: "I will not bandy words with bounty hunters!"
Hou-Ting says: "Seize these hoodlums and throw them in prison until they decide to show proper respect for the crown!"
Dai Li agents surround the Red Lotus. P'Li fires a combustion beam to the floor, knocking off a group of Dai Li agents. Three Dai Li agents fire rock gloves at Ghazan, who easily redirected them back to the agents. A Dai Li agent attacks Zaheer with an earthbending attack from below, though he is able to leap up to avoid the attack and counter with an air blast. Another Dai Li agent attacks him from the pillar, only to be knocked against the pillar. The third agent runs up to Zaheer, only to be thrown away and frozen against a pillar by Ming-Hua. Gun, noticing the battle, runs away.
Hou-Ting says: "Gun!"
Hou-Ting says: "Get in back here and lay down your life for your queen, you coward!"
Hou-Ting says: "You wouldn't dare attack a queen!"
Zaheer says: "There is only..."
Zaheer says: "darkness."
Cut to the radio control room as the Red Lotus walks in.
Radio operator says: "Hey!"
Radio operator says: "You can't be in here!"
Zaheer says: "No need for alarm."
Zaheer says: "I just need to make an announcement to the entire city."
Zaheer says: "How do I do that?"
Radio operator says: "Who do you think you are?"
Ming-Hua says: "He's the man who just took down the Earth Queen."
Ming-Hua says: "You want to be next?!"
Ming-Hua says: "!"
Zaheer says: "Ming-Hua, please."
Zaheer says: "We're here to help citizens like him, not hurt them."
Zaheer says: "Now, can you help me?"
The radio operator nods before Ming-Hua throws him to the seat. He sets the controls and bows to Zaheer, who takes the seat.
Zaheer says: "Attention citizens of Ba Sing Se."
Zaheer says: "I have an important announcement to make."
Zaheer says: "I deliver Ba Sing Se be into the hands of the people!"
Ghazan readies himself and punches the floor, melting it to lava. Soon, the Inner Wall begins to melt. With a stomp, the wall collapses. Bystanders brace themselves from the collapsing wall and cheer when the dust settles before making their way out, while Ghazan looks on. Cut to the prison where the prisoners begin rioting. Mako has managed to melt off a section of the bar, shaking his wrist with the the strain before resuming.
Mako says: "We have to get out of here, Bolin."
Mako says: "Zaheer came here to take out the Earth Queen, and now Korra is next."
Prisoner says: "You know that guy?"
Prisoner says: "He's my hero!"
Mako says: "Shut up!"
Mako says: "You have to metalbend us out of here."
Mako says: "C'mon!"
Mako says: "I know you can do it!"
Mako says: "This is your time!"
Bolin says: "You said before "was my time"."
Mako says: "I know I did it, but now it's really your time."
Mako says: "Do it!"
Bolin readies himself and metalbends again. Cut to the prison where all the prison doors, except theirs, open. The prisoners laugh and run out.
Bolin says: "Did you see that?"
Bolin says: "I did it!"
Bolin says: "I mean, not for us, but I metalbent all the other cells open!"
Mako says: "I don't think that was you."
Mako and Bolin notice Zaheer approach them and prepare to attack, though were quickly neutralized by an air blast.
Zaheer says: "Listen to me."
Zaheer says: "I'm going to set you free, but I want to talk to you first."
Zaheer says: "I have a message that I need you to take to Korra."
Cut to the Si Wong Desert where Arik welds finishing touches to the sand-sailer.
Asami says: "She ain't pretty, but I think she'll do the job."
Korra says: "No time for a test run."
Korra says: "Let's move!"
Everyone boards the sand-sailer. Korra readies herself and bends a large gust of air, moving the sand-sailer. Cut to Asami at the helm as the beast approaches them. Far shot of the beast jumping out, but missed before making another unsuccessful attempt. Cut to the sand-sailer leaving as the sand shark's sand trail disappears.
Arik says: "I think he's gone."
Arik says: "We did it!"
The sand shark emerges from beneath the sand-sailer, preparing to devour it whole. Korra firebends into the mouth, saving them. The beast returns to the sand, pushing the sand-sailer from beneath. Cut to later on the day, when the sand-sailer made its way to the Misty Palms Oasis, where they park the vehicle next to onlooking sandbenders before the sail and mast break off.
Asami says: "You want to buy a slightly used sand-sailer?"
Asami step onto the dock as the last of the group.
Captain says: "Thanks, Asami."
Captain says: "You got a good head on your shoulders."
Korra says: "I'm sorry for getting us stranded out there."
Korra says: "I didn't mean for that to happen."
Captain says: "You know, whatever the conflict between you and the queen is, I'm sure it's above my pay grade."
Arik says: "Captain, have we been in the desert for too long?"
Arik says: "Or is that really a dragon over there?"
The crew turns to see Druk on the ground, while two camels tied to a tree avoid the dragon, shivering in fear.
Captain says: "Ugh, let's go get a drink."
Korra watches the airship crew leave before turning to see Naga pin her down and lick her face.
Korra says: "Dhaaah!"
Korra and Asami enter the cantina, where they see Lin, Tonraq and Zuko at the far end. Korra smiles and approaches them.
Korra says: "What are you all doing here?"
Tonraq says: "Korra, you're safe."
Korra says: "Yeah, we made it out of the desert."
Korra says: "Thanks to Asami."
Tonraq says: "Do you remember Lord Zuko?"
Zuko says: "I met you when you were a very young girl."
Zuko says: "It's good to see you again, Avatar Korra."
Korra says: "It's good to see you, Lord Zuko."
Lin says: "Thanks for ditching me back at Zaofu."
Korra says: "Yeah, sorry about that."
Korra says: "But, how did you all find us?"
Lin says: "I am a detective, you know."
Asami says: "Did you find Mako and Bolin?"
Lin says: "Some people at the inn saw them captured by Zaheer's crew."
Lin says: "We don't know where they are."
Tonraq says: "Did you hear about the Earth Queen?"
Korra says: "What about her?"
Radio says: "Once again, the Earth Queen's reign has come to an abrupt and violent end."
Radio says: "Ba Sing Se has descended into chaos."
Radio says: "Rioters and looters have overrun the palace."
Korra says: "The Red Lotus."
Tonraq says: "What's that?"
Korra says: "The name of the group that's been trying to capture me and just took out the Earth Queen."
Korra says: "I'm afraid this is only the beginning, Dad."
Cut to the Misty Palms Oasis as the sun sets.
Fade to credits.