The scene opens to the Upper Ring of Ba Sing Se, covered with fire. An airship takes off in the background. A man stole the Earth Queen's luxurious vase. Another man stole her painting, while people are running in background.
Mako says: "I can't believe it!"
Mako says: "The Upper Ring is in chaos!"
Looter says: "Don't try to stop us; we're taking back what's ours."
Royal Earthbender Guard says: "Stop you?"
Royal Earthbender Guard says: "I know where the good stuff is."
The group runs off. Cut to Mako and Bolin where looters run past them.
Bolin says: "Should we do something?"
Mako says: "This isn't our battle."
Mako says: "We have to deliver Zaheer's message to Korra immediately."
Bolin says: "Right."
Bolin says: "Okay, find Korra, deliver message."
Bolin says: "This isn't gonna be easy."
Mako says: "We need an airship."
The brothers run to the docking bay and enter an airship, where looters are stealing airship components.
Mako says: "Excuse me, may I have your attention please?"
Mako says: "I'm with the Republic City Police and I need to commandeer this airship to help the Avatar."
The looters, after listening to Mako, resume their activities, oblivious to the brothers.
Bolin says: "Let me give it a shot."
Mako says: "What, they took everything."
Mako says: "I mean, who rips out a transmission radio?"
Bolin says: "Some folks just do not have respect for other people's property."
Bolin says: "Now let's steal this airship!"
Mako says: "You know how to fly this thing?"
Bolin says: "Technically speaking, no."
Bolin says: "But, c'mon, how hard could it be?"
A glass lens falls off the control. Bolin confidently pushes a lever with his right hand, causing the airship to skid forward across the airstrip as citizens scatter.
Mako says: "Up!"
Mako says: "Up!"
Bolin says: "I don't see any up button."
Bolin says: "I see levers and switches, oh, there it is."
Cut to the airship flying above Ba Sing Se, which is engulfed with flames.
Mako says: "The whole city is falling to pieces."
Bolin says: "Mako, our family's down there."
Mako says: "Move over, we're getting them out."
Bolin says: "Oh, you think just because you dated Asami, you know how to fly this better than me?"
Mako says: "Yeah."
Mako pilots the airship above their paternal family's house and opens the hatch. Once they arrive, Bolin slides down the hatch, enters the home via the window, and discovers the family still in the house with no apparent attempts at leaving.
Chow says: "Bolin?"
Chow says: "What are you doing here?"
Bolin says: "I came to get you guys out."
Bolin says: "This whole block is about to go up in flames."
Bolin says: "Come on, Mako and I have an airship on the roof."
Tu says: "We can't."
Tu says: "Grandma won't go."
Yin says: "This place is my whole world."
Yin says: "I will not leave!"
Yin says: "Oh, but I'm so glad my little Bolin has come back to visit."
Yin says: "Sit down, would you like some tea?"
Bolin says: "Grandma, we don't have time for tea."
Chow says: "Mom, please!"
Yin says: "No!"
Yin says: "I can't abandon the place where I raised my family."
Yin says: "It's my home."
Bolin says: "Grandma, there's one thing Mako and I've learned from all our years on the street."
Bolin says: "It doesn't matter where you go."
Bolin says: "If you have your family with you, you'll always be at home."
Yin says: "I'm not going."
Bolin says: "Fine!"
Bolin says: "We're rolling out!"
Yin says: "Wait."
Yin says: "Okay, let's go!"
Bolin walks out of the house. The entire family climbs up to the airship. Cut to the airship leaving the house before the fire consumes everything.
Tu says: "Thanks for getting us out of there."
Tu says: "I mean, I probably could have handled it myself if you guys didn't show up, but, thanks."
Yin says: "This airship is nice."
Yin says: "Is it our new home?"
Mako says: "No, Grandma."
Mako says: "I'm not sure where we're gonna take you, but right now, we need to find Korra."
Chow says: "Did something happen to the Avatar?"
Mako says: "Her airship went down somewhere in the desert."
Mako says: "She was coming from a military base near the Misty Palms Oasis and heading to Ba Sing Se."
Mako says: "If we retrace her route back to the base, we should find the wreckage."
Cut to Si Wong Desert at daybreak as everyone in the airship inspect the desert, looking for the wreckage. Some soon become bored and tired.
Tu says: "Guys, it's the wreckage!"
Tu says: "There!"
Mako says: "That's a Ba Sing Se airship, all right."
Mako says: "But where's the rest of it?"
Bolin says: "I don't know."
Bolin says: "But there's some tracks."
The airship follows the tracks created by the sand-sailer. Cut to outside the Misty Palms Oasis where Druk is resting, but flies off upon seeing the airship land heavily.
Bolin says: "See, I told you."
Bolin says: "Landing is hard."
Cut to the Misty Palms Oasis where numerous spirits have gathered around the iceberg. The family walks up to the iceberg.
Female relative says: "Spirits!"
Bolin says: "Okay, guys."
Bolin says: "We think Korra found her way back here."
Yin says: "now he's kissing it!"
Bolin says: "I'm never gonna let you go again!"
Tu says: "Guys, look out!"
Tu says: "Giant dog beast thingy!"
The relatives all scatter, leaving Mako alone, while Naga pounces atop him, licking him.
Mako says: "Okay, all right, Naga."
Mako says: "It's good to see you, too."
Mako says: "Gah!"
Mako says: "Stop!"
Mako says: "You're licking my mouth."
Bolin says: "Asami!"
Bolin says: "Korra!"
Mako says: "You guys are okay!"
Bolin and Mako run forward, hugging Asami and Korra respectively. Korra was slightly taken aback by the hug, but returns the favor.
Mako says: "Sorry."
Mako says: "I was just- It's so good to see you."
Korra says: "It's really good to see you, too."
Korra says: "Both of you."
Lin says: "Good."
Lin says: "You guys aren't dead."
Mako says: "Don't get all mushy on me, Chief."
Zuko says: "It's a pleasure to meet you as well."
Yin says: "Mako told me so much about you."
Yin says: "You are even more beautiful than I imagined."
Mako says: "Uh, actually, that's Asami."
Mako says: "This is Avatar Korra."
Mako says: "Korra, this is my grandma, Yin."
Yin says: "You are very muscular for a woman."
Korra says: "Uhm, thanks."
Korra says: "You too?"
Yin says: "What lovely young women."
Yin says: "Mako, why aren't you dating any nice girls like them?"
Asami says: "Uh, so what happened to you two?"
Asami says: "Where have you been?"
Mako says: "We were captured by Zaheer and taken to Ba Sing Se."
Mako says: "We were there when the Earth Queen was overthrown."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "How did you escape?"
Mako says: "Zaheer let us go."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Why would he do that?"
Bolin says: "Because he wanted us to find you and deliver a message."
Mako says: "Zaheer is headed to the Northern Air Temple as we speak."
Mako says: "He said he's gonna wipe out the new Air Nation and everyone in it."
Mako says: "Unless you turn yourself over to him."
Korra listens to the news in disbelief and worry.
Korra says: "Zaheer's threatening innocent lives just to get to me."
Tonraq says: "He could be bluffing."
Mako says: "He's already taken out the Earth Queen."
Mako says: "I don't think he bluffs."
Korra says: "We need to radio Tenzin and warn him that the Red Lotus is coming."
Mako says: "I agree."
Mako says: "Unfortunately, we don't have a radio on the airship."
Tonraq says: "There's a portable radio on the jeep, but the signal will never make it to the Northern Air Temple."
Lin says: "We need to get to a place that has a strong radio transmitter."
Lin says: "The Metal Clan will have one."
Korra says: "Let's go."
Korra says: "We'll radio Su on the way."
Korra says: "Hopefully she can get a hold of Tenzin at the air temple by the time we get to Zaofu."
Cut to Zaofu, where the airship and Druk approach the dock. Team Avatar dismount with Suyin and two Metal Clan escort awaiting them.
Korra says: "Did you have any luck getting through to Tenzin?"
Suyin says: "No one's answering."
Suyin says: "What if Zaheer's already up there?"
Suyin says: "I should never have let Opal go."
Lin says: "It's going to be okay, Su."
Suyin says: "I hope so."
Cut to the radio room, where a radio operator adjusts the controls.
Radio operator says: "We have a strong signal, but no one's answering."
Korra says: "I can't just sit around here while a madman is on his way to the Northern Air Temple."
Korra says: "We have to do something."
Suyin says: "I'll ready my airship."
Suyin says: "With a full force of the Metal Clan security backing us, we can take them."
Mako says: "We'll never make it up there before Zaheer."
Korra says: "There might be another way to stop him."
Korra says: "It's a long shot, but Zaheer is always meditating into the Spirit World."
Korra says: "And I know exactly where he goes: Xai Bau's Grove."
Korra says: "If I can find him there, maybe I could somehow trap him."
Lin says: "We can't protect you in there."
Lin says: "I don't like it."
Korra says: "I'll be fine."
Korra says: "I have to try."
Asami says: "I'll watch over her as she meditates."
Bolin says: "I guess, in the meantime, Mako and I will stay here and try to get through to the temple."
Tonraq says: "We'll help Su ready the airship."
Korra, Asami and Tonraq walk out of the room, leaving the brothers alone with their grandmother.
Yin says: "I'm going to take a nap."
Cut to the garden, where Korra meditates, crossing over to the empty Xai Bau's Grove.
Korra says: "Zaheer!"
Korra says: "Come out!"
Korra says: "Face me!"
Korra says: "Leave the airbenders out of this!"
Korra says: "There you are."
Iroh says: "Please don't hurt me, Korra."
Iroh says: "I'm just an old man."
Korra says: "Iroh?"
Korra says: "What are you doing here?"
Iroh says: "I was just out searching for a new teapot to add to my collection."
Iroh says: "But instead, I found you."
Iroh says: "You look troubled."
Korra says: "I am."
Iroh says: "Sit."
Iroh says: "What is on your mind?"
Korra says: "There's a maniac on the loose and he's threatening to destroy the new Air Nation."
Korra says: "I don't know what to do."
Iroh says: "Just because you are the Avatar, doesn't mean you will have all the answers."
Korra says: "I know many Avatars have needed guidance."
Korra says: "But I'm the only one since Avatar Wan that can't get help from my past lives."
Korra says: "I wish I could talk to Aang."
Iroh says: "You know, Zuko and Aang were close friends."
Korra says: "Lord Zuko, of course."
Iroh says: "Yes, my nephew."
Iroh says: "Their relationship started off  a little rocky, but they grew to become lifelong friends."
Iroh says: "Best friends."
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Korra says: "Thank you so much."
Korra says: "You're right about the Spirit World."
Korra says: "I came here looking for someone else, but I'm glad I found you."
Korra returns to her physical body.
Asami says: "Did you find Zaheer?"
Korra says: "No, he wasn't there."
Korra says: "But there's someone I need to talk to."
Korra says: "You're leaving?"
Korra says: "Aren't you coming to the air temple with us?"
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, but I can't."
Zuko says: "I'm going back to the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "If it's true that the Red Lotus is targeting the nations' leaders, I need to protect my daughter."
Korra says: "I understand."
Korra says: "You have to keep the Fire Lord safe."
Korra says: "But before you leave, I was wondering if you could help me with something."
Zuko says: "I was often Aang's counsel and I'd love to be yours."
Korra says: "That just it."
Korra says: "You knew Aang better than anyone."
Korra says: "I was wondering if you knew what he might do if he were in my situation."
Zuko says: "Hmm."
Zuko says: "Rebuilding the Air Nation was Aang's biggest dream."
Zuko says: "He would be beside himself with joy with what you've done."
Zuko says: "And if he accomplished that goal, he might have sacrificed anything to protect it."
Korra says: "So he would give himself up to save the Air Nation?"
Zuko says: "I don't know for sure."
Zuko says: "The airbenders might have been closest to Aang's heart, but, as the Avatar, he was concerned with people of all nations."
Zuko says: "No one knew better than Aang that in times of turmoil,  the world needs its Avatar the most."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Korra says: "Your uncle was right."
Korra says: "It was helpful talking to you."
Zuko says: "Wait, you spoke with my uncle?"
Korra says: "Yes."
Korra says: "In the Spirit World."
Korra says: "A couple of times actually."
Mako says: "Guys."
Mako says: "We got through to the air temple."
The trio run to the radio room, where Bolin is using the radio.
Meelo says: "Who is this?"
Bolin says: "I told you, it's Bolin!"
Meelo says: "Bolin's not here right now."
Meelo says: "Can I take a message?"
Bolin says: "No!"
Bolin says: "I'm not looking for Bolin, I am Bolin!"
Bolin says: "Gah, look, I need you to find your dad."
Meelo says: "He's outside with the bison."
Meelo says: "Did you know we found a whole herd full of baby bison?"
Bolin says: "No, a whole herd?"
Bolin says: "Really?"
Korra says: "Meelo, this is your commanding officer."
Korra says: "Go get your dad, now!"
Meelo says: "Yes, sir!"
Korra says: "Come on, come on!"
Tenzin says: "Hello?"
Tenzin says: "This is Tenzin."
Korra says: "Tenzin!"
Korra says: "Listen to me carefully."
Korra says: "Zaheer is on his way to the temple."
Korra says: "He's coming for the airbenders."
Korra says: "You have to get everyone out of there immediately."
Korra says: "Drop everything."
Korra says: "Leave!"
Korra says: "Now!"
Tenzin says: "Oh no."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "What is it?"
Korra says: "Tenzin!"
Korra says: "Tenzin, what's happening?!"
Korra says: "!"
Tenzin says: "It's too late."
Tenzin says: "He's here."
Cut to the airship where Zaheer and P'Li are standing. Cut to the airship, which is making circles around the air temple.
Meelo says: "What is it, Daddy?"
Tenzin says: "Stay close to me."
Tenzin jumps out of a a window and opens his glider as Meelo follows him. Finally they are landing on a garden where Bumi, Kai and other four airbenders looks at the flying airship.
Bumi says: "What's going on, Tenzin?"
Tenzin says: "It's Zaheer."
Tenzin says: "Round everyone up!"
Tenzin says: "We need to get to the bison and evacuate immediately!"
Camera shows Bumi, Kai, and another airbender start running as the airship is flying behind them. Cuts to the airbending training area where Daw and another airbender are training until Kai suddenly shows up.
Kai says: "Guys, we got an emergency."
Kai says: "We're evacuating the temple."
Kai says: "Come on."
Kai, Daw, and another airbender start running when lava appears underground and blocking their way.
Kai says: "Look out!"
Kai, Daw, and the other airbender eject themselves back. In the next frame the Camera shows Ghazan smiling.
Cuts to the meditation room where Kya is meditating with Opal and three other female airbenders. A door sound disturbs them and they turn toward it.
Bumi says: "It's Zaheer!"
Bumi says: "We have to leave."
Cuts to Bumi and the others run outside. Opal screams as Ming-Hua grabs her from behind and menaces her with an ice spike.
Ming Hua says: "No one's going anywhere, or she gets it."
Scene shifts to Tenzin and his family running across a bridge. Zaheer soon lands in front of them.
Zaheer says: "Good."
Zaheer says: "The entire family is here."
All the airbenders are rounded up in the courtyard by Ming-Hua, Ghazan, and Zaheer.
Zaheer says: "It's a pleasure to finally meet a true airbending master."
Tenzin says: "What is it you want from us?"
Zaheer says: "Nothing at all."
Zaheer says: "In fact, if everyone cooperates, you will all walk out of this situation unharmed."
Tenzin says: "Then what are you doing here?"
Zaheer says: "I want Korra, and I'm tired of chasing her."
Tenzin says: "You're using us as leverage."
Zaheer says: "Yes."
Tenzin says: "I will never let you get to Korra."
Zaheer says: "Unfortunately, you don't have a choice."
Tenzin says: "Yes, I do."
Tenzin pushes the three criminals away with airbending.
Tenzin says: "Jinora!"
Tenzin says: "Get everyone out of here."
Tenzin says: "Bumi, Kya, help me hold them off!"
Tenzin says: "And stay out of her line of sight!"
Tenzin says: "Go, go!"
The airbenders all run away. P'Li fires a beam at the exit, though everyone has evacuated. Cut to a overhead shot of the hall as the airship exits while the criminals approach Aang's children. Cut to the frontal shot of the siblings, as Kya bends water from a fountain and forms a ring around her. The Red Lotus ready themselves and Zaheer throws a gust of wind before the scene changes to the airbenders escaping, reaching the end of the sheltered route. They look at the stable and Kai gestures for them to move out, though they are forced to retreat when bombarded with combustion beams.
Pema says: "It's too dangerous."
Pema says: "We'll never make it to the stables with her up there."
Cut back to the hall, where Zaheer somersaults, avoiding Tenzin's air blast. He constantly avoids Tenzin's attacks by jumping to new heights. Before reaching the roof, Tenzin manages to land a hit on Zaheer, but he is still able to run off, avoiding the master's attack. Zaheer makes it to the houses attached to the wall, which Tenzin follows, attacking him with a close-range blast which was blocked. Zaheer rises and lands onto the protective wall. Tenzin follows and attacks him from behind, knocking him off balance. Zaheer manages to regain his ground and somersaults, kicking a blast of air a the meantime. Tenzin avoids the attack and fires two quick air blast, which Zaheer avoids by somersaulting above him. Zaheer lands successfully and sends an air kick.
Cut to Kya, attempting to redirect Ming-Hua's water appendages, but to no avail. Ming-Hua leaps up and attempts to land a hit on Kya, but she is able to dodge the attack. Ming-Hua freezes the tips of her appendages into ice blades and swings them toward Kya, slicing a statue into pieces, though Kya is able to dodge the attacks. As a blade nearly slices her, she breaks it off and throws it to Ming-Hua. Ming-Hua grabs the blade and throws it back to Kya, sending two more ice spikes in the meantime. Kya manages to break off two of the ice, though is knocked against the wall by the last fragment. Ming-Hua bends a water vortex and charges toward Kya, but she is able to send a large wave of water to Ming-Hua, knocking her off the cliff. Kya walks up to Ming-Hua, though is taken aback to find her bending the directed water into multiple water arms and return to the scene.
Kya says: "No."
Ming-Hua smirks and uses her appendages to knock Kya back into the hall. Bumi jumps down to the first floor with Ghazan giving chase, melting the floor above. Once on the same floor, Ghazan erupts the floor into lava, forcing Bumi to land onto the hall. Ghazan bends the floor beneath Bumi into lava, but he is able to jump out of the way before it erupts. Ghazan directs the lava to Bumi, but he leaps to the wall and charges toward Ghazan with airbending, sliding beneath his legs behind him. He pounces atop the lavabender, grabbing him by the neck and pulling his hair before biting him on the shoulder. Ghazan screams in pain before launching Bumi off with an earth pillar.
Kya evades Ming-Hua's attacks before being thrown toward her brother. Both siblings gather in front of a statue of an Air Nomad to catch some breath.
Bumi says: "I see you're having as much fun as I am."
Cut to the bison stable, where P'Li bombards the area with combustion beams. The scene changes to the airbenders hiding in the stable.
Kai says: "I can't wait any longer."
Jinora says: "Wait, what are you doing?"
Kai says: "Whatever I can."
Kai says: "Get to the bison!"
Kai says: "Get out of here!"
P'Li fires a combustion beam at Kai, who narrowly misses the attack. The next combustion beam threw Kai off the cliff, though he is able to open his glider and take flight, avoiding multiple combustion beams. As he flies past P'Li, she turns her attention to the fleeing airbenders. Cut to Kai who flies back to the airship, sending an air swipe to P'Li, causing her to misfire and blast the cliff above. P'Li turns her attention to Kai and fires a combustion beam. Kai protects himself with an air ball, but is knocked out. Cut to the fleeing airbenders, where Jinora turns back.
Jinora says: "Kai!"
Jinora says: "No."
Cut to an unconscious Kai, plunging down the mountain. Cut to the stable, where the bison took off without the airbenders when confronted with a combustion beam. The airbenders turn to look at the airship.
Cut to Bumi, who is knocked back with a water blast. His sister retreats to cover him, freezing her water to block Ghazan's rock, though the next attack shattered the ice. Bumi steps back and nearly loses his footing. Ghazan bends a large earth fissure, throwing the siblings off the temple. Bumi airbends and holds on to the ledge while grabbing his sister.
Bumi says: "I got you."
Bumi groans before turning to see P'Li.
Kya says: "Bumi, let go!"
Bumi says: "But we could die!"
Kya says: "We're gonna die if we hang on!"
P'Li directs a combustion beam toward Bumi. Bumi hangs on before letting go, narrowly missing the combustion blast. Both siblings plunge down the cliff before their fall is cushioned by trees, and they land on the cliffside, unconscious.
Cut to Tenzin attacking Zaheer with an air blast, which Zaheer dodges. Tenzin jumps behind Zaheer to avoid an attack and counters by arching his back to throw another blast, knocking down Zaheer. Tenzin charges toward Zaheer, but is knocked off by a combustion blast. He cushions his fall with airbending, preparing for another attack, but was struck by Ming-Hua on his right and Ghazan on his left. He dodges barrages of attack by Ming-Hua, Ghazan and Zaheer, though was knocked down. As the Red Lotus surrounds him, he braces himself up and blows off Ghazan and Zaheer. He protects himself in an air sphere, but is blasted against a wall by P'Li. He props himself up, his clothing badly tattered and his face bruised.
Zaheer says: "Give up."
Zaheer says: "It's over."
Tenzin says: "As long as I'm breathing, it's not over."
Tenzin strikes Zaheer with a close-range air blast, but misses. The scene pans to the wall, blocking the fight as the Red Lotus launch assaults against Tenzin.
Cut to Kai, who is licked in the face, causing him to regain consciousness. The scene zooms out and flips, revealing him hanging upside-down on a tree and the bison calf that licked him awake.
Kai says: "Woah!"
Cut to credits.