The episode opens up to a zooming in aerial shot of the Pro-bending Arena. Cut to a close-up shot of a net as two earth disks fly in it and fall to the ground. Switch to Bolin as he quickly levitates and throws two more disks straight at the camera. The camera quickly pans to the left to show Mako throwing two fire punches and a flaming arc with his foot at the camera. The camera quickly moves on to Korra moving a small water blob around a bit before launching it forward. The scene switches to three images of Tahno suspended on a rope; the first one gets cut in two by Bolin's earth disk tearing through it, the second one gets incinerated completely by Mako's fire blast, and Korra's water blob takes off a large portion of the third image. Cut to Korra as she triumphantly jumps up, raising her left hand.
Radio host says: "Republic City's trusted name in technology for over fifty years."
Korra says: "Man, I got a good feeling about tonight."
Korra says: "I don't care if we are the underdogs."
Korra says: "We can take those pompous Wolfbats."
Mako says: "It's going to be our toughest match ever, but I think you're right."
Bolin says: "Introducing your new champs, the fantastic Fire Ferrets!"
The radio begins to broadcast static and changes to Amon's speech as he interrupts the program. Korra looks at the radio in alarm.
Amon says: "Good morning, citizens of Republic City."
Amon says: "This is Amon."
Amon says: "and cancel the finals, or else there will be severe consequences."
Static returns and the radio is silent.
Bolin says: "That guy's got some nerve."
Mako says: "You think the council will give in?"
Korra says: "I'm not waiting to find out."
Korra says: "We need to get to City Hall."
Front shot of the City Hall as the Fire Ferrets ride up to it on Naga. Cut to the main doors as Korra pushes them open.
Tenzin says: "Korra, you shouldn't be here."
Tenzin says: "This is a closed meeting."
Korra says: "As the Avatar and a pro-bending player, I have a right to be heard."
Korra says: "You can't cancel the finals."
Tenzin says: "I know winning the championship means a lot to you."
Tenzin says: "But as far as I'm concerned, we need to shut the arena down."
Korra says: "What about the rest of you?"
Korra says: "Tarrlok, there's no way you're backing down from Amon, right?"
Tarrlok says: "Actually,  Tenzin and I agree for once."
Tenzin says: "The council is unanimous."
Tenzin says: "We're closing the arena."
Mako says: "No!"
Bolin says: "You can't!"
Korra says: "I-I don't understand."
Korra says: "I thought you, of all people, would take a stand against Amon."
Tarrlok says: "While I am still committed to bringing that lunatic to justice, I will not put innocent lives at stake just so you and your friends can play a game."
Mako says: "Pro-bending might only be a game to you, but think of what it means to the city!"
Mako says: "Right now the arena is the one place where benders and nonbenders gather together..."
Mako says: "in-in peace!"
Mako says: "To watch benders..."
Bolin says: "Beat each other up!"
Bolin says: "In peace!"
Bolin says: "It's an inspiration to everyone!"
Tarrlok says: "I appreciate your naive idealism, but you're ignoring the reality of the situation."
Korra says: "The reality is if you close the arena, you let Amon win!"
Bolin says: "Yes, exactly what she said!"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Tarrlok says: "I'm sorry, but our decision has been made."
Tarrlok says: "This meeting is adjourned."
Tarrlok picks up the gavel. A metal cable knocks off the gavel head and Tarrlok gasps. Everyone turns to look toward the entrance of the courtroom as Lin enters the scene and coils her cable back, looking at the council.
Lin says: "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I agree with the Avatar."
Tarrlok says: "You do?"
Korra says: "Yeah, you do?"
Lin says: "I expected this kind of cut-and-run response from Tenzin."
Lin says: "But the rest of you?"
Lin says: "Come on, show a little more backbone."
Lin says: "It's time that the benders of this city displayed some strength and unity against these Equalists."
Tenzin says: "The council is not changing its position, Lin."
Tarrlok says: "Now just a moment, Tenzin."
Tarrlok says: "Let us hear what our esteemed Chief of Police has in mind."
Lin says: "If you keep the arena open, my metalbenders and I will provide extra security during the championship match."
Lin says: "There's no better force to deal with the chi blockers."
Lin says: "Our armor is impervious to their attacks."
Tarrlok says: "Are you saying that you will personally take responsibility for the safety of the spectators in the arena?"
Lin says: "I guarantee it."
Tarrlok says: "The arena stays open."
Tarrlok says: "Good luck in the finals."
The Fire Ferrets jump in their cheering.
Bolin says: "All right!"
Mako says: "Yeah!"
Korra says: "Thank you!"
Tarrlok says: "And good luck to you, Chief Beifong."
Tenzin approaches Lin.
Tenzin says: "A word please, Lin."
The scene cuts to a City Hall corridor where Tenzin is talking to Lin.
Tenzin says: "Tarrlok's playing you and I don't want to see you get hurt."
Lin says: "I know what I am doing and the risks that come with it."
Tenzin says: "In that case, I'm going to be by your side during the match."
Lin says: "You don't need to babysit me."
Tenzin says: "It's for Korra."
Tenzin says: "I want to make sure she's safe."
Lin says: "Do what you want!"
Lin says: "It's not like I've ever been able to stop you before."
Korra says: "What is her deal?"
Korra says: "Even when she's on my side, she's against me!"
Tenzin says: "I've known Lin since we were children, she's always been..."
Tenzin says: "challenging."
Korra says: "What did your father do to make her hate the Avatar so much?"
Tenzin says: "My father and Lin got along famously."
Tenzin says: "I'm afraid her issues..."
Tenzin says: "are with me."
Korra says: "couple!"
Tenzin says: "Where'd you get that idea?"
Korra says: "Ha!"
Korra says: "Your wife."
Tenzin says: "Criminy!"
Tenzin says: "I'll have to have a word with her."
Korra says: "So..."
Korra says: "Pema stole you from Beifong."
Korra says: "I'm surprised our "esteemed Chief of Police" didn't throw her in jail."
Tenzin says: "Why am I even telling you this?"
Tenzin says: "It all happened a long time ago and we've moved passed it."
Korra says: "Hm, apparently Beifong hasn't."
Tenzin says: "What do you..."
Scene changes to a view Republic City and again to a cargo area where Amon is watching his people loading cargo into trucks.
Lieutenant says: "I just got word."
Lieutenant says: "The council defied your threat."
Lieutenant says: "They're keeping the arena open."
Amon says: "Perfect."
Nighttime approaches where the Pro-bending Arena is surrounded by the ships of the metalbenders, changes to where officers are scouring the inside, looking for some undefined objects.
Officer says: "All clear, Chief."
Camera pans up to reveal Lin standing at an entrance as Tenzin approaches from behind.
Tenzin says: "How is the security sweep going?"
Lin says: "Fine."
Tenzin says: "They've checked underneath the stands?"
Lin says: "Yes."
Tenzin says: "And you have enough officers to cover all points of entry?"
Lin says: "Now leave me alone and let me do my job."
Tenzin says: "Lin, with so much on the line it would be nice if we could help each other out, at least for one night."
Lin says: "Like old times?"
Tenzin says: "Like old times."
Lin says: "Okay, I'll try to be less abrasive than usual."
Tenzin says: "I would appreciate that."
The scene changes, where the police airships protect the sky and police vehicles are parked outside the arena.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Or will the underdog Fire Ferrets serve up a surprising bowl of smackdown soup?"
The Fire Ferrets are preparing themselves for the championship as the ring announcer comes up to the stage, light beaming down on him as the spectators cheer.
Ring announcer says: "Introducing the challengers, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets!"
The Fire Ferrets cosplayers cheer as the Fire Ferrets come to the arena. Hiroshi and Asami are sitting in the V.I.P. section as Asami blows a kiss to Mako and winks to him. Mako does the same to Asami, not noticing that Korra pulls a face of disgust. When they reach the arena, Bolin signals to Pabu.
Bolin says: "You're on, Pabu."
Pabu jumps down and does his trick by moving around on his front paws before doing some backflips while Bolin uses an earth disk, removing the center for Pabu to backflip through and back, ending the performance with one paw standing.
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "Nailed it!"
Bolin says: "He's so talented!"
Ring announcer says: "And their opponents, the three timed defending champions, the White Falls Wolfbats!"
Bat-masked Wolfbats with purple capes howl and spread their wing capes while fireworks go off all around the arena. The Wolfbats' fangirls cry and howl in support as the Fire Ferret cosplayers boo.
Bolin says: "Pfft,  Hm, whatever."
Tahno takes off his bat mask and unties his cape.
Korra says: "I'm gonna knock Tahno's stupid hair off his stupid head!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The champs and challengers face off at the center-line and here we go!"
The Wolfbats instantly move toward their opponents and Tahno attempts an uppercut on Korra with his waterbending fist. Korra moves back to barely dodge it and backflips, only to be hit by a waterbending blast from him.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Tahno tries to clean the Avatar's clock with some dirty water boxing."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Shaozu gets fancy, but Bolin ricochets a disk off the ropes and says 'No, thank you sir!"
Mako says: "Nice shot!"
Tahno looks at the Fire Ferrets in slight irritation for that. Shaozu runs out the way of Mako's fireball just in time.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The waterbenders slug it out, looking evenly matched."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Or apparently not."
Shiro Shinobi says: "And the Wolfbats advance despite Tahno exceeding the waterbending time limit."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Ming trips up Mako with another dirty trick!"
Cut to Tenzin and Lin looking on from the crowd.
Tenzin says: "Oh come on, refs!"
Tenzin says: "There was some funny business in that last play!"
Lin says: "Wouldn't have guessed you knew the rules of pro-bending?"
Tenzin says: "I've been brushing up."
Tenzin says: "That Wolfbat blatantly bent a disk outside of his zone."
Cut to overhead view of match. Ming launches another disk as Tahno runs forward in preparation to attack, before cutting close-up.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferret brothers are backed up to zone three and the Wolfbats smell blood."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The underdogs survive to see round two."
The Fire Ferrets huddle together before round two.
Korra says: "What's wrong with these refs?"
Mako says: "They've been paid off; it's the only explanation."
Mako says: "Someone wants us to lose."
Korra says: "then so should we."
Mako says: "No we can't!"
Mako says: "The refs have it out for us."
Mako says: "If we're gonna win this thing, it has to be fair and square."
Korra says: "Argh, that's no fun but..."
Korra says: "all right."
Ring announcer says: "Round two!"
Ring announcer says: "Round two will be decided with a tie-breaker!"
Cut to close-up of a coin that is flipped. The coin is caught by a hand and zooms out to show the teams facing each other with the referee in the between them looking at the coin.
Referee says: "The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss."
Referee says: "Which element do you choose?"
Korra says: "You and me, pretty boy!"
Tahno says: "Thought you'd never ask."
The other team members move away from the center as the center elevates itself with Korra and Tahno in the middle, preparing to fight. Korra and Tahno move around for the first strike.
Tahno says: "Come on, little girl."
Tahno says: "Give me your best shot."
Korra narrows her eyes and waterbends at Tahno. Tahno dodges it but gets hit under the chin by a stream of water. The scene rewinds to show the replay from a farther distance. Korra had sent the first stream of water as a distraction and used her leg to waterbend the final blow. Tahno had attempted to retaliate after Korra's first shot, but Korra's surprise hit to his chin causes his waterbending jet to quickly lose form. Tahno collapses out of the ring and the bell rings.
Korra says: "Hmph, chump."
Tahno's girls are shocked from the tie breaker along with the Fire Ferret cosplayers. Tahno's helmet lands right into one of the Fire Ferret cosplayer's hands. Cut to the ring announcer.
Ring announcer says: "Round two goes to the Fire Ferrets!"
Mako says: "Nice one!"
Bolin says: "That's the stuff."
Bolin says: "You are my herooo-ah!"
Mako says: "We might actually win this thing!"
Cut to Tahno being helped to his feet. He shakes off his team members in rage and fixes his hair.
Tahno says: "Let's send them to a watery grave!"
Cut to Tenzin and Lin watching in the crowd.
Lin says: "I can't believe your sweet-tempered father was reincarnated into that girl."
Lin says: "She's tough as nails."
Tenzin says: "Reminds me of someone else I knew at that age."
Tenzin says: "You two might get along if you would only give her a chance."
Lin says: "Hmph."
Cut to shot behind Korra as Tahno glares at her, annoyed.
Shiro Shinobi says: "One round apiece:  That water had rocks in it!"
Referee says: "Knockout!"
Crowd begins an uproar. Cut to Tenzin and Lin.
Tenzin says: "Oh, come on!"
Tenzin says: "Those were illegal head shots!"
Tenzin says: "Open your eyes, ref!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "For the fourth year in a row, they'll be crowned tournament champions."
Tahno says: "I barely broke a sweat!"
Tahno says: "Anybody else wanna scrap with the champs?"
In slow motion. Cut to a male spectator putting on an Equalist mask. Cut to a female spectator putting on mask. Cut to another man putting a mask on. Cut to close-up of a box of popcorn as a hand reaches in to grab an electrical glove from within. Cut to another hand doing the same. Cut to a man pulling his glove out of the popcorn and lifting it up in line with his face. Cut to Tenzin as he expresses his outrage over the match as Lin turns to look at him. He turns his head and realizes that an Equalist is standing behind Lin.
Tenzin says: "Look out!"
The Equalist grabs Lin by the shoulder and electrocutes her, knocking her unconscious. Tenzin airbends at the Equalist but is also electrocuted by a female Equalist behind him. Cut to Tenzin falling to the ground next to Lin. Cut to an Equalist as he sneaks up behind a metalbender cop and electrocutes him into unconsciousness. Cut to a view of the stands as Equalists electrocute metalbender cops from behind. Cut to another cop being electrocuted from behind as the crowd continues to look at the arena below. Cut to Korra as she surfaces from the water along with her teammates and immediately notices the electricity in the stands.
Korra says: "What?"
Cut to the side of the water as the Lieutenant drops onto the platform underneath the arena. Cut to Korra as she gasps. Cut to the Lieutenant who charges his kali sticks. Cut to Korra and her teammates in the water as she tries to waterbend at him. The Lieutenant jabs his electrified kali sticks into the pool causing her water to drop back into the pool before it could hit him. The Fire Ferrets are electrocuted and they all scream in pain before becoming unconscious. Spectators are screaming in fear. Cut to Shiro Shinobi.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Folks, there is some sort of electrical disturbance in the stands."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Metalbender cops are dropping like bumbleflies."
Shiro Shinobi says: "There appear to be masked members of the audience wielding strange devices on their hands."
Cut to Tahno and the Wolfbats as they look around in confusion and fear. Cut to Amon and a group of Equalists as they rise from the ring's center platform. Cut briefly to Tahno who looks around in fear. Cut briefly to Amon. Cut to Korra in the water, unconscious. Cut to Bolin as the camera pans up past Mako and Korra, all three unconscious. Korra is dragged out of the water. Cut to Lin and Tenzin who are also unconscious and the spectators screaming as the Equalists subdue them. Cut to behind Amon and his group as the Wolfbats stare at them.
Tahno says: "What's going on here, ref?"
Referee says: "I don't know!"
Cut to overhead view of Tahno and the Wolfbats moving away as Amon and the Equalists approach them.
Tahno says: "All right, you want a piece of the Wolfbats?"
Tahno says: "Here it comes!"
Tahno launches a water blast at Amon evades it and darts forward. Side-view of the Wolfbats as they all begin to bend at the Equalists. Amon dodges Tahno's attack and turns his attention to Shaozu. Shaozu attempts to hit him with firebending, but Amon dodges and moves behind him, grabs his arm and swings him around once and moves forward with him as he screams. Tahno attempts to save him with waterbending, but his hands become restrained with a bola. Ming's hands also become tied up with a bola and he steps backward before his legs are bound with a second bola. Cut to view of two Equalists now holding Tahno in front of Amon with Ming and Shaozu on the ground.
Tahno says: "please don't take my bending!"
Cut Amon as he places his thumb on Tahno's forehead and takes his bending away. Cut to a frontal view of Amon. Switch to a side-view of the platform as the Equalists drag the Wolfbats' bodies near the edge of the ring, and kick them off into the water. Cut to a massive banner with the Equalist symbol being unrolled. Cut to wide-view of entire arena as more banners are unrolled. Cut to the Lieutenant as he drags Korra out of the water to be tied up. Cut to Korra close-up who seems half conscious and begins having more visions about Aang. First, Aang and Toph stand in front of a row of metalbenders while Toph points toward the camera and says something. Fade to Yakone at a trial meeting with Aang seen standing behind him. Fade to Yakone standing up. Fade to Aang in the Avatar State, with Yakone cowering in front. Cut to close-up of Aang as his tattoos stop glowing. The scene switches back into the present as the Lieutenant ties the Fire Ferrets to one of the arena supports. Cut to Amon as the camera pans up to show him holding a microphone.
Amon says: "I believe I have your attention, benders of Republic City."
Amon says: "time for change has finally come."
Amon says: "Very soon, the current tyrannical bending regime will be replaced by a fair-minded Equalist government."
Amon says: "You and your children will no longer have to walk the streets afraid!"
Amon says: "It's time to take back our city."
Mako says: "How are we gonna get out of here?"
Bolin smiles as the camera cuts to Pabu swimming in the water toward them. Cut to close-up of Pabu. Cut back to Fire Ferrets as Pabu jumps toward them.
Bolin says: "Pabu!"
Bolin says: "Listen up, buddy."
Mako says: "Stop fooling around!"
Bolin says: "I'm not!"
Bolin says: "I'm trying to save us!"
Cut close to Amon as the camera pans up revealing an Equalist airship as it appears above the Pro-bending Arena. An area of the glass dome smashes and ropes with platforms on the end are lowered down through the hole. Cut to outside the Arena showing the airship above with the ropes going inside the roof. Cut back inside showing a wide-view of the arena as the ropes continue to descend on the Equalist group. Cut to closer shot of the Equalist group. Amon and the Equalists climb onto these platforms and are lifted out of the arena. Cut to audience as two Equalists depart with Amon's group in the background. Cut to Lin regaining consciousness as other Equalists leave. Cut to Tenzin as Lin rises to her feet and moves toward Tenzin as he sits up.
Cut to behind Lin as she watches Amon's group leave. Cut to frontal view of Lin with Tenzin standing behind as explosives detonate. The scene rewinds showing a wide-view of the central platform as it explodes. The scene repeats from an aerial shot of the platform. Cut to behind Lin as she recoils and lifts her arm to cover her face from the blast. The entire explosion shakes the arena and the crowd begins to scream in fear. Cut to Pabu and Bolin as both watch debris fall nearby.
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "Great job, buddy!"
Korra runs off the platform, freezing the water in the pool. Cut to aerial view of Korra as she looks up. Briefly cut close-up of Korra's determined face.
Korra says: "I'm going after Amon!"
Mako says: "Be careful!"
Cut to wide-view as Korra jumps into the water. Cut to underwater as Korra begins waterbending herself up in a massive water cyclone. Cut to above water as Korra erupts from beneath and the camera follow her as she makes her way toward the hole in the roof. Cut a frontal view of Korra looking determined until she realizes she is not going to make it. Cut to side-view as she gets higher the water begins to lessen until eventually there is not enough for her to reach the ceiling. Cut to frontal view of Korra as she begins to fall, with an outstretched hand toward the ceiling, as she begins to scream.
Cut to the Equalists making their escape as the camera zooms out. Cut briefly to a cable being shot through the air. Cut to Korra falling before being caught by cable as it wraps itself around her waist. Korra looks up and the camera cuts to see Lin as she circles Korra, being held up by another cable. Cut to Korra as she prepares herself. Cut to wide-view of arena, before switching back to Lin. Lin shoots Korra up and out of the arena. Cut to side-view of Lin as Korra flies past. Cut to aerial view as Korra soars toward the ceiling. Cut to side-view of the top of the arena. Korra flies through the hole toward the Equalists. Cut to a frontal view of Korra as she firebends the Lieutenant and an Equalist off the rising platform. Cut to view underneath the airship as the Lieutenant falls and Korra firebends at the Equalist again to knock him off before grabbing the rope. Cut to above Korra as she looks down briefly before turning toward the airship. Cut to Amon rising on the platform as he looks at her. Cut to Korra as she overcomes her hesitation punches out a fireball as the camera zooms out. Cut inside the airship as the fire blast knocks the Equalists back except for Amon, who simply looks on and walks away. Cut to Amon as another fire blast goes past him before turning away.
Cut to Korra looking determined before she looks below. Cut to the arena as the camera pans back to show the entire area with Lin's police force in flames. Cut to Lin as she metalbends up onto the rooftop and shoots her cables toward the airship. Cut to Korra as an Equalist approaches her only to be grabbed by the cable. Cut to aerial shot of the roof as Lin slams him down onto the glass. Cut to two more Equalists sliding down Korra's rope. Cut to side-view of Korra as the Equalists knock her off the platform.
Cut to underneath the glass roof as Korra slams down on it. Cut to aerial shot of Lin and the roof as she tries to metalbend onto the nearest rope as the Lieutenant approaches. Cut to side-view as the Lieutenant strikes her down with his kali sticks. Cut to frontal view of Lin as she gasps in pain. Cut to side-view of them both as Lin falls forward to the ground. Camera zooms out as three Equalists rush toward her. Korra firebends at one to aid Lin, knocking him down. Cut to the downed Equalist who rolls over and attempts to stand up but is stood on by Korra. Cut to frontal view of Korra and the remaining two Equalists as she firebends at both before preparing another attack. Cut to the Lieutenant as he moves to deal a knockout blow to Lin until he gets hit by a fire blast from behind. Cut to behind the Lieutenant as falls to the ground before quickly recovering to a kneeling stance. Korra moves to firebend at him but he quickly dodges. Cut to side-view as the he rolls out of the way. He runs away as Korra chases after him. Cut to overhead view as he stops to turn and fight her, attempting to strike with his kali sticks which Korra dodges. Cut to behind Korra as she leaps up and firebends from her feet, which he avoids. Cut to wide-view of rooftop as they continue to fight as the two Equalists move to aid the Lieutenant. Cut to behind Lin as she sits up noticing the Equalists.
Cut to close-up of Lin as she shoots her cables toward them and the camera zooms out. Cut to the Equalists as the cables wrap around them and are spun out of their way. Cut to Lin as she twirls around, breakdance-style, in order to generate enough velocity to push herself onto her feet. While spinning around, she bends the metal slabs under the two Equalists and catapults them away in opposite directions. As she pushes herself up, she retracts her metal cables. Lin turns to look at Amon's airship. Cut to view underneath airship as Lin looks up and fires a cable toward it. Close-up of the rope and platform as the cable wraps around a rope. Side-view of Lin as she is lifted into the air. Side-view of rooftop and airship as Lin flies toward the airship.
With a flash of lightning, the camera cuts to Korra protecting herself from the Lieutenant's attacks, by having her arms crossed in front of her; she jumps backward out of his range. The Lieutenant surges forward. Cut to a side-view of the fight as Korra ducks under his wide swing. She retaliates by grabbing hold of his left wrist and kneeing him in the stomach with her left leg. The Lieutenant is swung around in a half-circle motion, and is slammed roughly on the glass ground behind her. Cut briefly to overhead view as he lands on the glass with a grunt of pain. Korra instantly retracts her left leg and prepares for a flaming half-moon kick. Cut to a frontal view of Korra as her kick reaches its zenith; the Lieutenant's left hand kali stick bounces away after he released it due to his fall. He manages to turn around to block Korra's attack by knocking her foot away with his other kali stick. The Lieutenant jumps up, during which he switches his remaining kali stick to his left hand, and attempts to kick her head, but she ducks. Korra attempts to hit him with two firebending punches, but he dodges them both. In slow motion, Korra narrowly misses with a firebending kick, and the Lieutenant prepares to strike back with his kali stick. Cut to a frontal view on normal speed of the Lieutenant as he brings down his attack. Frontal view of Korra as she narrowly dodges the weapon, before countering with an elbow to the face. Cut to a close-up of the Lieutenant as he is knocked backward, falls down and rolls over, before standing back up, albeit with the usage of his kali stick as support. Cut to Korra as she runs toward him with a determined look on her face. She twists around her own axis to build up momentum and launches two more firebending arcs at the Lieutenant. Cut to a point of view from the side of the arena looking up; the Lieutenant is flung off the roof and tumbles down it toward the water. Cut to Korra as she heavily lands on the glass, which cracks underneath her feet. Switch to her alarmed face as cracking sounds are heard. Cut to an overview shot at the moment the ceiling breaks and she falls through. As she plunges down screaming, the camera moves back to show Lin looking down from above.
Cut to Lin as she releases her cables and shoots them at the frames of the ceiling, helping her to gain more speed to reach Korra. Cut to side-view of Korra as she continues to fall. Cut to aerial view as she falls in to smoke and Lin follows closely behind sending a cable in to a nearby Equalist flag. Cut to the flag behind impaled by the cable. Cut back to Lin as she fires another toward Korra. Cut to the smoke cloud as the camera follows the cables direction toward Korra, who catches it. Cut to side-view of the smoke cloud as both exit toward the stands. Cut briefly to the Equalist flag, now stretching and tearing. Cut back to behind Lin and Korra as they approach the stands. Cut to side-view of the stands as both land safely.
Lin says: "You all right?"
Korra says: "I'm fine, thanks to you."
Lin says: "Don't mention it, kid."
Lin says: "Looks like we lost this one."
Cut to side-view of stands. Mako rushes toward Korra, followed by Bolin. Mako hugs her.
Mako says: "I'm so glad you're okay!"
Camera pans to Lin as Tenzin approaches, placing a hand on her shoulder.
Lin says: "I can't believe Amon did this."
Lin says: "I played right into his hand."
Tenzin says: "He played us all."
Tenzin says: "Republic City is at war."
The camera pans up from the burning pro-bending ring to the hole in the ceiling and cuts to the credits.