A close-up of Korra's face, eyes closed, slowly zooms out. The head-shot fades to an aerial shot of her entire body and the pool of water she is lying in, while still zooming out, to the point where the underground pool is left and four members of the Bhanti overseeing Korra's recovery come into view.
Karu says: "Should we pull her up?"
Shaman says: "We can only hope that she survives her ordeal."
The close-up stops at her closed eyes. They twitch, and suddenly open. When they do, the shot moves back to reveal Korra's entire body, surrounded by a purple light, signaling she is still in her dream world. Korra's spirit is looking wide-eyed at something before her.
Raava says: "interfering in the business of spirits."
Wan says: "This world is home to all of us, and what happens here is everyone's business."
Raava says: "Thanks to you, this world may cease to exist!"
Raava says: "I only hope I can track down Vaatu before it's too late."
Wan says: "Let me help you."
Raava says: "Don't interfere with me again, human!"
Raava flies away, weaving herself through the sky. Cut to a side-shot of Wan and Mula as they turn to one another with wondering looks on their faces.
Wan says: "Let's get moving."
Far off shot of Wan and Mula standing in the clearing. They start to walk to the right. Cut to a shot of a trail leading through the woods. Mula walks into view with Wan perched on its back. They stop and look to their left as they hear a noise coming from the bushes. The camera pans right to follow their gaze, revealing a fruit tree, its branches shaking slightly. Cut to a frontal shot of a shrub as Mula emerges from it. Both the animal and Wan look toward the scene before them. Cut to a far frontal shot, revealing four monks who are busy harvesting the fruits from the tree. Two of the monks bring their left hand toward their chest, their fingers stretched, which creates a cloud underneath them. The camera pans up to follow the monks floating to the top branches of the tree, where another monk, on a cloud of his own, is already plucking the fruit. Close-up of a fruit that is being plucked by a monk, and zoom out to reveal that the monk wears similar clothing and tattoos to the later Air Nomads.
Wan says: "Wait!"
Wan says: "I'm friendly!"
Wan gives chase, which nearly ends up killing him when Mula stops abruptly before a cliff, tossing him. He manages to grab an overhanging branch and pulls himself back up. As he emerges above the cliff again, he sees one of the nomads running up to him and use his airbending to fly toward a floating lion turtle.
Wan says: "The legends are true."
Wan says: "Another lion turtle city."
Wan says: "And it's flying."
Wan says: "Um, sorry to interrupt, but it's been a while since I've seen other humans."
Nomad says: "Where did you come from, stranger?"
Wan says: "Another lion turtle city far away."
Wan says: "For the past two years I've been living among the spirits and exploring the wilds."
Nomad says: "Remarkable."
Nomad says: "Come."
Nomad says: "Sit with us."
Nomad says: "We would love to hear of your travels."
A spirit sitting on the nomad's shoulder becomes dark and flies off much to the nomads' surprise and shock. Another dark spirit cuts through a wall of a nearby hut. People run out screaming. Next moment, there are dark spirits all over the village and Vaatu floats in the sky.
Wan says: "Vaatu."
Vaatu says: "So, we meet again, human."
Nomad says: "Why is the great spirit of the darkness here but not his other half?"
Wan says: "Uh, I'll explain later."
Raava says: "Be gone."
Vaatu says: "How are you feeling since our split, Raava?"
Vaatu says: "I've never been better."
Vaatu says: "When Harmonic Convergence comes, I will destroy you forever."
Raava says: "I told you not to interfere."
Wan says: "I had to do something."
Wan says: "These people were in danger."
Nomad says: "Great spirit of light, we thank you for your help."
Nomad says: "But how did you become split from Vaatu?"
Raava says: "Ask him."
Wan says: "It wasn't my fault."
Wan says: "Vaatu tricked me into freeing him."
Wan says: "I'd take it all back if I could."
Raava says: "It's too late for that."
Raava says: "Now that Vaatu is free, he is turning other spirits dark."
Raava says: "The more spirits he turns, the stronger he becomes."
Wan says: "He's getting bigger, and you're getting smaller."
Raava says: "As darkness grows, light fades."
Wan says: "I'm sorry for endangering your village, but I promise to set things right."
Nomad says: "How?"
Cut to Wan, along with Raava, Mula and a nomad, facing the air lion turtle.
Wan says: "Great lion turtle, I ask that you grant me the power of air so that I can defeat Vaatu before it's too late."
Air lion turtle says: "You already carry the power of fire."
Air lion turtle says: "No human has ever held two elements at the same time."
Wan says: "I'm not like other humans."
Wan says: "I can learn to do it."
Air lion turtle says: "Hmm, perhaps."
Air lion turtle says: "But to do so, Raava must hold the power for you until you master it."
Raava says: "Ancient one, why would I do that for a human?"
Raava says: "Especially one who's caused so much trouble?"
Wan says: "Raava, please, I can't let the world fall into chaos because of my mistake."
Wan says: "Neither of us can defeat Vaatu alone, but together we have a chance."
Raava says: "You may be right."
Raava says: "Very well."
Raava says: "I will help you to master the power of air."
Wan says: "Thank you."
Wan says: "And in return I will help you restore balance to the world."
Cut to Raava and Wan walking through deserted lands.
Wan says: "What's this harmonic thing Vaatu was talking about?"
Raava says: "Harmonic Convergence."
Raava says: "That is when Vaatu and I must battle for the fate of the world."
Wan says: "How long do we have until then?"
Raava says: "About a year in your time."
Wan says: "Then we better start training."
Wan says: "All right, I'm ready to try air."
Wan says: "How's this gonna work?"
Raava says: "The only way for me to give you the other element is to pass through your body and combine our energies."
Wan says: "Great."
Wan says: "So you've done this before."
Raava says: "No."
Raava says: "This has never even been attempted."
Raava says: "It is very dangerous."
Wan says: "That's what they said about living in the Spirit Wilds, and I survived that."
Wan says: "I'm ready."
Wan says: "Give me the air."
Raava says: "He cannot destroy light any more than I can destroy darkness."
Raava says: "One cannot exist without the other."
Raava says: "Even if I defeat Vaatu in this encounter, darkness will grow inside me until he emerges again."
Raava says: "The same will hold true if Vaatu defeats me."
Wan says: "That doesn't sound so bad."
Wan says: "Even if Vaatu wins, you'll come back."
Raava says: "Yes, but you will probably not survive to see it."
Raava says: "Vaatu will destroy the world as you know it."
Raava says: "Darkness will cover the Earth for ten thousand years."
Wan says: "Why is there so much conflict between humans and spirits in the first place?"
Raava says: "Humans have been forced apart, settling on the lion turtles who protect them and losing touch with each other."
Wan says: "Most people think they live in the only human city in the world."
Raava says: "no matter how many others are around."
Wan says: "When you pass through me, I feel an incredible rush of power."
Wan says: "Smells like smoke."
Raava says: "Humans are nearby."
Wan says: "Let's check it out."
Raava and Wan see a group of humans burning down a forest for wood and approach the humans.
Settler says: "A spirit!"
Wan says: "Easy there, fellas."
Wan says: "We're friendly."
Wan says: "Jaya!"
Jaya says: "You inspired us."
Jaya says: "Once we heard that you survived out in the wilds, we decided to try it too."
Wan says: "Did he come with you?"
Jaya says: "So why were you protecting this spirit?"
Wan says: "This is Raava."
Wan says: "Don't worry."
Wan says: "She's not like the dark spirits you've probably run into."
Jaya says: "Dark spirits?"
Jaya says: "What's the difference?"
Jaya says: "We throw fire at any spirit we see around here."
Jaya says: "Just like they attack any man."
Raava says: "You have no idea what you're doing."
Raava says: "You're only making things worse."
Jaya says: "We'll burn down this whole forest if we have to!"
Wan says: "What happened to you?"
Wan says: "When did you become so violent?"
Wan says: "This isn't what I had in mind."
Cut to an aerial shot of a group of spirits and the firebending settlers approach each other; cut to a frontal shot of the settlers as they lit up their hands. cut to a close-up of the spirits, revealing that the aye-aye spirit is leading them.
Aye-aye spirit says: "Get out of the forest, humans."
Wan says: "Wait!"
Wan says: "We can resolve this peacefully."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Stinky?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "You came back."
Wan says: "It's good to see you again."
Aye-aye spirit says: "You and Raava are just in time to help us clear these tree-killing fire-lovers out of here just like the old days."
Jaya says: "You are the one who's getting cleared out."
Wan says: "There's no need for violence."
Wan says: "I know there must be a way to work out a compromise."
Aye-aye spirit says: "You have a good heart, Stinky."
Aye-aye spirit says: "But these fire tossers aren't like you."
Jaya says: "Spirits like him killed our friends!"
Jaya says: "I can't let them get away with that."
The rumbling of thunder is heard. Cut to a far off side-shot of the battlefield as clouds roll in overhead. A lightning bolt splits the sky, illuminating Vaatu's form in the sky. He laughs wickedly. Cut to a close-up of the angry-looking aye-aye spirit as he and the other spirits turn dark.
Dark aye-aye spirit says: "We are protectors of the forest."
Dark aye-aye spirit says: "We won't let you burn it down."
Raava says: "It's Vaatu."
Raava says: "He's growing stronger, using their anger to turn them to his side."
Dark aye-aye spirit says: "Wipe them out!"
Man and spirit charge each other, though are kept apart by the efforts of Wan and Raava.
Wan says: "Stop, please!"
Wan says: "before you destroy each other!"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Stinky, w-what happened?"
Jaya says: "He's controlling all four elements."
Raava says: "Wan, I have to leave your body, or I'll destroy you."
Wan says: "No."
Wan says: "It's working."
Wan says: "If you leave, the fighting will start again."
Wan groans under the strain Raava's presence is putting on his body until he cannot take it anymore, and he faints, falling down out of the sky.
Raava says: "Wan!"
Raava leaves his body, catches him before he crashes on the ground, and carries him off the battlefield. As they leave, the two groups clash with one another, continuing the battle.
Groaning, Wan awakens on a nearby cliff overlooking the burned down remains of the battlefield.
Wan says: "We have to go back."
Vaatu says: "Don't bother."
Vaatu says: "Your human friends have already been annihilated."
Wan says: "No!"
Vaatu says: "Enjoy your final days."
Vaatu says: "See you at the end of the world!"
Vaatu flies away, leaving Wan to search for Raava. He finds her severely shrunken behind a rock. He picks up the weak spirit that he can now easily take into his arms.
Wan says: "Raava..."
Raava says: "I'm sorry, Wan."
Wan slides Raava into a teapot, and jumps on Mula, setting course for the southern spirit portal.
Raava says: "We're almost there."
Raava says: "I was wrong about you, Wan."
Raava says: "I had no idea that humans were capable of such nobility and courage."
Raava says: "I'm sorry that we do not have much more time together."
Wan says: "Let's not give up before the battle's even begun."
Wan says: "Who knows what will happen?"
Wan says: "After all, this is my first Harmonic Convergence."
Raava says: "This is the southern portal to the Spirit World."
Raava says: "Here, Vaatu and I will do battle once again, at the place where the two worlds meet."
Mula, Wan, and Raava pass through the portal. As they enter, the scenes around the portal fade into those of the Spirit World. They emerge in the Spirit World at a scene that is barren with the exception of a hollow tree, several streams, and two portals. Cut to a aerial view of the battlefield. Vaatu emerges from the northern portal.
Vaatu says: "Are you ready for our final battle, Raava?"
Vaatu says: "Thanks to our friend separating us, I think this time I may be rid of you once and for all."
Wan says: "Before you get to her, you'll have to go through me."
Vaatu says: "No human can stand against me."
Wan says: "Haven't you heard the legends?"
Wan says: "I'm not a regular human anymore."
Wan firebends at Vaatu, who flies away to avoid the blasts. However, he turns back and knocks Wan away with one of his tentacles.
Vaatu says: "I lived ten thousand lifetimes before the first of your kind crawled out of the mud!"
Fires a purple energy beam out of his face. Wan screams as he is knocked backward again.
Vaatu says: "It was I who broke through the divide that separated the plane of spirits from the material world!"
Vaatu says: "To hate me is to give me breath."
Vaatu says: "To fight me is to give me strength."
Vaatu says: "Now prepare to face oblivion!"
Vaatu fires a purple energy beam at Wan, who propels himself with his firebending to avoid it.
Wan says: "Ah!"
Vaatu attacks with his whpping tentacles, which Wan evades by flying on a cloud. The two of them exchange blows, with Wan being more powerful and is making a decent stand against Vaatu. Vaatu still has the upper hand in the fight though, even though Wan is now capable of bending two elements simultaneously. Wan is forced back, his physical form starting to become static as his energy becomes unstable.
Raava says: "I have to leave you."
Raava says: "If I stay any longer, you will die."
Wan says: "It doesn't matter."
Wan says: "If you leave me now, Vaatu will destroy everything."
Wan says: "We have to finish this together!"
Wan and Vaatu exchange more blows, the former becoming more static while losing ground. Wan promptly charges at Vaatu, and although he manages to land a fire blast, he is shot backward toward the southern portal by a purple energy beam. He skids to a halt right before the portal, where Vaatu pins hims down using one of his tentacles.
Vaatu says: "The Harmonic Convergence is about to begin."
Vaatu says: "The era of Raava is over."
Cut to a shot of outer space as the planets align, the two beams from the spirit portals bend over to connect with one another. Vaatu starts to glow purple as he watches the spectacle in the sky. While still static, Wan lights up briefly, showing Raava's form inside his chest. He puts his right hand behind him, causing the energy of the southern spirit portal during Harmonic Convergence to flow though him, basking him in blue light, as he permanently merges his spirit with Raava's. Vaatu notices and releases him in shock. Wan's form becomes less static and his eyes glow white. He cries out and white lights shoot out of his mouth and eyes, enveloping the area.
Vaatu moves away a safe distance before turning back. As the light subsides, Wan emerges and his energy has stabilized. Music intensifies.
Raava says: "We are bonded forever."
Wan, eyes still glowing, attacks Vaatu, hitting him consistently and pressuring him before trapping him in an air bubble, which he secures with rings of all four elements. He uses his bending to guide the bubble to the hollow of a tree in which he imprisons Vaatu behind a purple energy field.
Wan says: "This is your prison now."
Wan says: "And I will close the portals so no human will ever be able to physically enter the Spirit World and release you."
Wan closes the northern portal.
Back in the mortal world, spirits are lining up to return to the Spirit World through the southern portal.
Wan says: "The spirits must stop fighting with humans and return to their home in the Spirit World."
Wan says: "I will teach men to respect the spirits so that balance will be maintained."
Before the aye-aye spirit enters the spirit portal, he turns to Wan and bows respectfully, a gesture that is returned by the first Avatar.
Fire lion turtle says: "The world is entering a new age."
Fire lion turtle says: "Our time protecting mankind is over."
Fire lion turtle says: "We will no longer give humans the power of the elements."
Wan says: "to guide the world toward peace."
Cut to a burning battlefield. Rocks are elevated everywhere, red flags, arrows, and large earth coins lie scattered over the field. An old and armored Wan slumps against an earth coin, surrounded by arrows.
Old Wan says: "There wasn't enough time."
Raava says: "Don't worry."
Raava says: "We will be together for all of your lifetimes."
Raava says: "And we will never give up."
As Wan exhales for a last time, a golden light escapes his mouth. It dissipates into little golden specks and scatters. The scene fades to a white screen as the sound of a baby crying is heard. Fades to Korra's closed eyes that suddenly shoot open, glowing a bright white. Cut to a side-shot of her as she jolts up, little white beams shooting out of her eyes. She gasps for air, and the light in her eyes stop. Cut to the shaman and two Bhanti tribesmen looking down upon her from the mouth of the cave Korra is in. Side-shot of Korra.
Korra says: "I remember."
Shaman says: "Do you know who you are?"
Korra says: "My name is Korra."
Korra says: "I'm the Avatar."
Cut to outside the cave, where Korra and the shaman reach a grass clearing where bison are grazing.
Shaman says: "We've been raising this herd of air bison since the Hundred Year War."
Shaman says: "I never thought I'd be able to present one to the Avatar."
Korra says: "Thank you for all your kindness."
Korra says: "I wonder how long I've been away."
Shaman says: "That I cannot say, but you do not have much time left."
Shaman says: "The Harmonic Convergence is only weeks away."
Korra says: "I have to close the spirit portal before that happens."
Cut to a shot of Korra atop a flying bison missing a part of its right horn, flying through the sky.
Cut to credits.