The scene opens to the camera, tracking left to right to show Opal's sky bison landing on the outskirts of Zaofu. Opal and Bolin get off the bison together.
Bolin says: "All right, let's do this!"
Bolin says: "Saving the Beifongs and saving our love, because I vow to repair the rift that has grown betwixt us and make us whole again!"
Lin Beifong says: "You."
Lin Beifong says: "Zip it."
Lin Beifong says: "Now."
Lin Beifong says: "I had enough of your babble on the way in."
Bolin says: "Yes, ma'am."
All three of them walk to the edge of the mountainside, crouching out of sight and looking down at the city.
Opal says: "Kuvira tore down all the domes."
Opal says: "Why would she do that?"
Lin says: "She's got a whole battalion of troops stationed there."
Lin says: "There's no way we'll be able to spot anything useful from here."
Lin says: "We'll have to go in for a closer look."
A voice speaks from behind them and they all turns their heads; Toph Beifong is walking up behind them, speaking in a mater-of-fact tone.
Toph says: "Don't bother."
Toph says: "All the prisoners have been moved."
Lin says: "Uh..."
Lin says: "hey, Chief."
Toph says: "Hey, Chief."
Opal says: "Grandma Toph!"
Toph says: "You were only up to my waist the last time we were together."
Toph says: "What?!"
Toph says: "!"
Toph says: "Do you have to pee or something?"
Bolin says: "No..."
Bolin says: "well, now, maybe."
Bolin says: "You're my hero!"
Bolin says: "My name is Bolin."
Bolin says: "I'm dating your granddaughter, I mean, kind of."
Bolin says: "I may have screwed that up, but that's why I'm here and you're my hero!"
Bolin says: "Oh, I said that."
Bolin says: "Can I have a hug too?"
Toph says: "What's up with him?"
Lin says: "He's an actor."
Lin says: "So, you already checked the city for Su?"
Lin says: "How did you know she was captured?"
Toph says: "I've been living in the swamp and keeping watch on Zaofu through the vines."
Bolin says: "Sure, okay, makes sense."
Toph says: "By the time I got here, they were gone."
Toph says: "I snooped around town and heard that they were taken away to some nearby prison camp."
Opal says: "Where would that be?"
Bolin says: "There's a factory and reeducation facility not too far away."
Toph says: "How do you know that?"
Opal says: "Bolin used to work for Kuvira."
Toph says: "How did you end up dating the kind of dipstick who works for Kuvira?"
Bolin says: ""Used to"!"
Bolin says: "Please tell me this attitude isn't hereditary."
Cut to a shot of Opal's bison panting as dark-green mucus drips from its nose. The bison proceeds to lick Opal.
Opal says: "Grandma, this is Juicy."
Toph says: "And I thought Appa was smelly."
Toph says: "Why would you choose this leaky, nasty thing?"
Opal says: "And once he chooses you, you can't change."
Opal says: "Believe me, I checked."
Cut to City Hall, Republic City. The shot shows the exterior, but Raiko's voice can be heard, from off-screen as the shot proceeds.
Raiko says: "The borders are secure and troops are guarding the rail lines into the city."
Raiko says: "So what have you two geniuses come up with to fend off Kuvira?"
Varrick says: "Asami got the idea from watching dragonfly-hummingbirds."
Varrick says: "You can take off straight up, fly in any direction—"
Raiko says: "Where does the spirit ray come out?"
Varrick says: "It doesn't have a spirit ray."
Varrick says: "I'm telling you what I told Kuvira: That technology should not be used!"
Raiko says: "It's already being used by Kuvira!"
Raiko says: "I need spirit vine weapons and I need them now!"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "It was Kuvira's harvesting of the vines in the swamp that caused the Republic City vines to go crazy and grab all those people."
Raiko says: "You're supposed to be the bridge between the two worlds."
Raiko says: "Why can't you harvest the vines?"
Korra says: "I won't do that."
Korra says: "But maybe since the spirits love Republic City so much, I can convince them to help us defend it somehow."
Raiko says: "Hm."
Wu says: "Okay, maybe while the weapon geniuses and the spirit bridge are getting ready for battle, we should be evacuating the ordinary citizens so that if Kuvira attacks, they won't be hurt."
Raiko says: "Prince Wu, you work with the police to coordinate getting people out of the city."
Raiko says: "Now everyone get to it."
Raiko says: "I want daily updates."
Cut to outside of council chamber. Mako walks with Wu.
Mako says: "Nice job in there."
Mako says: "I'm proud of you."
Mako says: "You're starting to act like the kind of king I'd like to work for."
Wu says: "Thanks."
Wu says: "And if Korra buys this "man of the people" thing, I still might get to date her."
Mako says: "You always have to ruin it."
Wu says: "What?"
Wu says: "Come on!"
Wu says: "Why do you think guys do anything great?"
Wu says: "To pick up girls."
Wu says: "Every work of art, every song, every city evacuation, all for the ladies."
Cut to Kuvira's factory. Scene zooms in on the facility housing a large cannon.
Baatar Jr.
Off-screen. All right, everybody, let's test the power core. Cut to a shot of Baatar, Zhu Li, two scientists, and two mecha tanks. I want everything in order for the full demonstration for Kuvira tomorrow. Load the energy capsule.
The two mecha tanks lower a spirit vine capsule into the cannon.
Baatar Jr.
Zhu Li, initialize phase one.
Zhu Li pushes up a lever and a current runs through the spirit vine sample; coursing with energy, it begins to radiate its characteristic purplish glow. Cut to the opening of the cannon's turret, where an ball of purple energy has begun to materialize. As Baatar Jr. watches with silent satisfaction, the meters on the machine begin to go haywire while a warning light flashes and an alarm sounds.
Zhu Li says: "There's a problem with the condenser."
Zhu Li says: "It's backing up!"
Baatar Jr.
Reluctantly. Shut it down.
Zhu Li says: "I can't."
Zhu Li says: "The override isn't working."
Zhu Li says: "Everyone needs to evacuate."
Zhu Li says: "This thing is going to blow!"
Baatar Jr.
Urgently. Everyone get out! Now!
The two scientists and mecha tanks jump over a rail to escape. Baatar Jr. and Zhu Li remain. The former opens up a box to check the cannon's circuitry.
Zhu Li says: "Come on, Baatar!"
Zhu Li says: "It's too late!"
Baatar Jr. reaches into the cannon's circuitry and shuts down the firing sequence. The vine sample in the capsule stops glowing and shrivels up. After searching for a few seconds, Baatar Jr. finds the reason for the malfunction and stares in disbelief at the cracked metal ring.
Baatar Jr.
Holding up the cracked ring. This channeling ring was cracked. That's what caused the reaction to overload. Angrily. Now we're taking this whole thing apart tonight and checking everything! Nothing is too small. This has to be ready by tomorrow.
Cut to a shot of Juicy flying over to the factory.
Bolin says: "So how long as it been since you two have seen each other?"
Lin says: "Try twenty."
Toph says: "Ah, time flies when you get to be my age."
Toph says: "I'm surprised you came to save Su."
Toph says: "I thought you guys didn't get along."
Lin says: "Su and I finally worked out our old grievances."
Toph says: "Good, glad we can put all that behind us."
Lin says: "Right."
Lin says: ""We"."
Juicy touches down behind some rocks on the outskirts of the factory. Cut to view of factory.
Bolin says: "Okay, there's the factory."
The group reaches the factory and Toph metalbends an opening in the wall. After she, Opal, Bolin, and Lin enter, the opening is metalbent shut just before a mecha tank on patrol passes by. Cut to inside the factory where the group continues to hide behind boxes to maintain stealth.
Bolin says: "Whoa, that's one big..."
Bolin says: "thing."
Toph says: "I think I know where they are."
Toph says: "Feel that cavern a few stories down?"
Toph says: "It seems empty, but it's guarded by an awful lot of mech."
Bolin says: "Someone's coming."
Bolin says: "Hide!"
The doors open to reveal Kuvira, who is escorted by a pair of mecha tanks. They stand before the cannon. Baatar Jr., Zhu Li, and some associates walk up behind them.
Baatar Jr.
I didn't expect you until tomorrow.
Kuvira says: "I just wanted to check in to make sure everything was on track."
Kuvira says: "It looks wonderful."
Baatar Jr.
We've had a few minor malfunctions, but we should be ready for the test tomorrow.
Kuvira says: "You've been working on this the entire time, Zhu Li."
Kuvira says: "What do you think the problem is?"
Zhu Li says: "It's a very complex machine."
Zhu Li says: "There are bound to be some bugs to work out."
Kuvira says: "But you're doing everything you can to fix those, correct?"
Zhu Li says: "Of course, your eminence."
Cut to Toph, Bolin, Lin, and Opal.
Toph says: "She's lying."
Cut back to Kuvira, who is addressing her subordinates.
Kuvira says: "Tell the troops and the factory workers to attend tomorrow's demonstration."
Kuvira says: "I want them all to witness this incredible new weapon in action."
Cut to Opal, Lin, Toph, and Bolin, who leave the scene. Scene changes to the outskirts of the factory.
Opal says: "We should be thinking of a way to take out Kuvira while we have the chance."
Bolin says: "Or at least destroy the cannon."
Bolin says: "If she takes that to Republic City, it could obliterate everything."
Toph says: "I didn't come to fight with Kuvira or destroy a cannon."
Toph says: "I'm here to save my family."
Bolin says: "Hmm."
Bolin says: "Kuvira wants every single one of her people to see the weapon test tomorrow, so the factory will be mostly empty then."
Bolin says: "That's our best chance to sneak in and free Su without being spotted."
Opal says: "Good thinking, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Thanks."
Bolin says: "I kind of have a headache now."
Scene changes to Republic City's Spirit Wilds. Korra walks along and sees a small yellow spirit with two leaves on its head.
Korra says: "They're abandoning the city."
Cut to an overhead view of Lin, Opal, Bolin, and Toph gathered around a stone table.
Bolin says: "So let me ask you about metalbending."
Bolin says: "Su tried to teach me, but I couldn't get the hang of it."
Toph says: "I used to have an academy to train metalbending."
Toph says: "Even blockheads like you can figure it out with the right instruction."
Lin says: "Yeah, you're a real sensitive instructor."
Bolin says: "I did learn how to lavabend."
Toph says: "Maybe you do have some talent."
Bolin says: "That means so much to me coming from my hero."
Lin says: "Yeah, she's real encouraging."
Toph says: "Hey!"
Toph says: "I'm blind, not deaf."
Bolin says: "So here's something I've always been curious about: Who's Lin's dad?"
Lin whirls around with her eyebrows furrowed and her lips pursed. A moment of silence ensues.
Toph says: "He was a guy named Kanto."
Toph says: "Nice man, but it didn't really work out between us."
Bolin says: "And..."
Bolin says: "okay."
Toph says: "Lin, I can feel your enraged breathing from here."
Toph says: "Just say what you have to say and let's get it over with."
Lin says: "Just get it over with?"
Lin says: "Yeah, let's not linger on the fact that I grew up without a dad."
Lin says: "No need to get all touchy-feely about it."
Lin says: "Just one of those things, right?"
Toph says: "Hey, I forgave you for all your garbage a long time ago and Su and I worked things out."
Lin says: "Once we save Su, you and I are finished."
Toph says: "If that's your decision and it makes you happy, then fine."
Lin crosses her arms while Bolin continues to eat his noodles.
Cut to the interior of Kuvira's factory. It is dark, but the wheels of the vehicle upon which the cannon rests are visible. The doors suddenly open, allowing the light outside to illuminate the chamber. The vehicle begins to crawl outside. Opal lands on a vantage point overlooking the cannon. She whispers into a two-way radio.
Opal says: "The test is about to start."
Opal says: "They're going to blow up that empty town we flew over yesterday."
Opal says: "You're clear to go."
Lin says: "We're clear to go."
Lin, Toph, and Bolin jump into a pit. The scene changes to an underground chamber; Toph opens up a hole in the rock to allow an entry into the prison. Cut to an underside view of a wooden container suspended in midair by ropes. Cut back to Bolin, Toph, and Lin who are analyzing the container.
Toph says: "We'll have to be quiet."
Lin says: "Ready?"
Toph walks to the side and she and Bolin both earthbend a rock column to propel Lin into the air, who lands on top of the wooden cage. It shakes from the impact and the prisoners all grunt from the motion.
Cut to a guard, who bursts through the door on the other side of the cavern and looks up at the shaking wooden cage suspiciously. It stills and the guard turns around to leave, closing the door behind him. Toph uses earthbending to create another opening from which Bolin can catch the prisoners. Cut to the inside of the cage and pan up to see Lin having cleaved an opening from the top.
Lin says: "We'll get you out one at a time."
Lin says: "Come on."
Cut back to an underside view of the cage; Lin lowers Wei to Bolin, who catches him.
Bolin says: "I got you!"
Wei pats Bolin on the cheek, to the latter's surprise.
Cut back to the surface, where Kuvira's subordinates have gathered at the cannon to hear her speak.
Kuvira says: "Congratulations on all of your hard work."
Kuvira says: "Fire the weapon."
Baatar Jr. pushes up the lever to commence the cannon's firing sequence. The spirit vine in the capsule begins to glow purple. Cut to Baatar, Zhu Li, and Kuvira observing the weapon. Suddenly, an alarm sounds, surprising the three.
Kuvira says: "What's wrong?"
Baatar Jr.
Cut to inside of box containing the cannon's circuitry. Probably something minor. The cover opens to reveal the insides are smoking and Baatar peers in. I should be able to find the problem. The machine powers down. Baatar Jr. looks around and becomes surprised. The distributor pin is gone. Wipes his hands on a cloth. I swear I locked it in place yesterday. There's no way it could have just fallen out. Turns to Kuvira.
Kuvira says: "And this could cause the entire weapon to fail?"
Baatar Jr.
It could cause it to explode.
Kuvira says: "What do you know about this?"
Kuvira approaches Zhu Li, who begins to back away into the control panel.
Zhu Li says: "Nothing."
Kuvira says: "This is how you repay me?!"
Kuvira says: "!"
Zhu Li says: "You're a monster."
Zhu Li says: "I regret nothing."
Kuvira says: "up close and personal."
Opal says: "Oh, no."
Cut back to underground prison. All the prisoners have been freed save for Suyin and Baatar.
Suyin says: "Sweetie, it'll be fine."
Suyin says: "Lin won't drop you and Bolin will catch you."
Lin says: "Sorry, but I have to do this."
Lin metalbends a cable around Baatar's right leg. Cut to Baatar swinging upside down from Lin's cable while screaming. The noise alerts the guard, who activates an alarm. A mecha tank steps behind him to assist. Cut to the wooden cage, where Suyin looks to the guard with worry; cut back to Baatar, who has landed in Bolin's arms, whimpering. Cut to Kuvira, who hears the alarm and whirls to face one of her guards.
Kuvira says: "The prison."
Kuvira says: "Get there now!"
Baatar Jr.
Should we postpone the test?
Kuvira says: "I didn't come all this way to stop now."
Kuvira says: "Fire when ready."
Kuvira says: "I want to see that town destroyed."
Scene shifts back to the prison, where the mecha tank assaults Lin and Suyin with its flamethrower. Lin uses her metal cables to sever two of the ropes keeping the cage suspended. The cage begins to swing to the side of the cavern where the other prisoners landed and Lin and Suyin both leap from the cage to reunite with the rest. Suyin hugs Toph.
Bolin says: "We got 'em."
Bolin says: "We're coming out."
Scene shifts to the surface, where Lin, Bolin, and Suyin emerge from a hole and observe their surroundings before bursting out with the others. Suyin sees Opal, who glides down and pulls out her bison whistle to summon Juicy.
Opal says: "Mom!"
Opal says: "Dad!"
Lin says: "Let's move."
Opal says: "Kuvira caught Zhu Li and threw her in the town."
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "No, I have to go save her."
Lin says: "You can't go in there, kid."
Lin says: "It's suicide."
Lin says: "Kuvira's onto us."
Bolin says: "We've been through too much together."
Bolin says: "I can't leave her."
Bolin says: "Toph, you said Zhu Li was lying about fixing the cannon."
Bolin says: "She must have been trying to stop it."
Toph says: "For all you know, she could just have been covering her butt because she made a mistake."
Bolin says: "No, Zhu Li doesn't make mistakes."
Bolin says: "You guys leave."
Bolin says: "If we make it out, we'll make it to the city somehow."
Opal says: "Bolin, no!"
Suyin says: "Could be our best chance to stop Kuvira."
Lin says: "Maybe take out that weapon."
Wing says: "We can't let Opal be the coolest!"
Toph says: "If you all want to get yourselves captured again or worse, that's your business."
Toph says: "I'm through."
Baatar says: "So how have you been, mother?"
Toph says: "I told you never to call me that."
Cut to Republic City with a back view of Korra. Cut to a close-up of her face, eyes closed in concentration. Korra meditates into the Spirit World, finding herself at the Tree of Time, where multiple spirits have gathered.
Korra says: "Spirits, this is the Avatar."
Dragon eel spirit says: "We don't  get involved with human wars."
Korra says: "Spirits worked with Unalaq."
Dragon eel spirit says: "He was misusing Vaatu's power during Harmonic Convergence to force spirits to fight you."
Dragon eel spirit says: "Is that what you want?"
Korra says: "No, but as the Avatar, I'm hoping that you will come to my aid to save the new world we all share."
Dragon eel spirit says: "The answer is no."
Korra says: "Wait!"
Korra says: "Please, listen."
Cut back to Kuvira's factory. The cannon's turret slides into place, focusing its sights on the town. Baatar Jr. pushes up the lever to fire the weapon and looks through a pair of binoculars. He spies Opal, Bolin, and Juicy near Zhu Li.
Baatar Jr.
Peering through the binoculars. Opal? No! Faces Kuvira. We have to stop the test!
The cannon continues to gather energy, but before the blast is released, earthbending pummels the side of the cannon, knocking it to one side, disrupting its aim. The beam punches a smoldering hole into a rock face directly behind Bolin, Opal, Juicy, and Zhu Li. The group regards the hole in shock.
Opal says: "Whoa."
Kuvira looks for the source of the disruption and spots Suyin, Lin, Wei, and Wing. The Beifongs exchange blows with Kuvira's soldiers, but the battle reaches a stalemate with both sides hiding behind earth walls. Seeing an opening, Suyin goes to engage Kuvira atop the cannon, but her former protégée manages to stand her ground. Suyin is knocked from the tank by Kuvira, but Wei and Wing help their mother retreat. However, the Beifongs are eventually surrounded by Kuvira's soldiers and mecha tanks. Before the group is captured, however, the earth beneath the soldiers and tanks shifts and knocks them all down. The Beifongs turn around and realize that Toph returned to save them. She is accompanied by Baatar, Huan, Juicy, Opal, Bolin, and Zhu Li.
Toph says: "You give metalbenders a bad name!"
Cut to a close-up of Kuvira as she processes Toph's words. Her gaze shifts up while the whoosh of Juicy's takeoff is heard. Cut to a back-view of Kuvira as she watching the bison depart with Bolin, Zhu Li, and the Beifongs. Cut to Bolin, Zhu Li, and Lin staring back at the site with concern.
Scene shifts to the group in a forested area.
Suyin says: "Thanks for coming to save us, Mom."
Lin says: "Yeah, thanks, Chief."
Lin says: "I'm sorry for what I said last night."
Lin says: "I was just..."
Lin says: "you know."
Toph says: "Look, I know I wasn't a great mother, but one way or another, I ended up with two great kids."
Toph says: "Good enough to risk my bony old butt for, anyway."
Toph says: "If you can just find some way not to hate me, maybe that's enough, at least for me."
Lin says: "Me too."
Bolin says: "You know, I never had any family except for my brother  and reuniting with them made me realize how special it is."
Toph says: "Argh, enough!"
Toph says: "with the gum flapper here."
Opal says: "Aren't you coming back to Republic City with us, Grandma?"
Toph says: "No, my fighting days are over."
Toph says: "Don't tell Korra, but my back is killing me now."
Toph says: "This is why you didn't see Katara messing with that civil war nonsense."
Toph says: "At some point, you gotta leave it to the kids."
Zhu Li says: "I want to thank you for coming back to save me."
Zhu Li says: "And don't be too hard on Bolin for working with Kuvira."
Zhu Li says: "His heart was in the right place."
Zhu Li says: "We should get going."
Zhu Li says: "I'm afraid I have bad news to deliver to Republic City."
Zhu Li says: "Kuvira is going to attack in two weeks."
Cut to a shocked Suyin, Lin, Bolin, and Opal.
Cut to credits.