The scene opens with Meelo loading bags onto Pepper with airbending. Ikki is standing on top, catching them.
Pema says: "Tenzin, are you sure you can't go with them?"
Tenzin says: "Raiko asked me to stay here and help figure out a diplomatic solution to this Kuvira problem."
Ikki says: "Mom, we'll be fine."
Ikki says: "Grandpa Aang and his friends were around our age when they traveled the world."
Pema says: "Well, at least I don't have to worry about you starving out there."
Meelo says: "Mom, we're going to be out in the wild, living off the land!"
Meelo says: "We don't need your food!"
Pema says: "But I made your favorite treat..."
Meelo says: "I can't eat this."
Pema says: "You know, sometimes things get smudged in the wild."
Jinora pulls the bag of food closed and jumps off of Pepper to hug Tenzin.
Tenzin says: "We're you able to get a read on Korra yet?"
Jinora says: "No, but once we're further out, I'll be able to hone in on her spiritual energy."
Jinora says: "We should be able to find her within a few days."
Tenzin says: "Good luck!"
Tenzin says: "And be careful!"
Tenzin says: "Remember, Jinora's in charge!"
Meelo says: "I answer to no man."
Meelo says: "Or girl, even if she does have tattoos."
Tenzin says: "Meelo..."
Meelo says: "Now let's move out, soldiers!"
Cut to a mountainous region in which the bison is flying across, followed by the top of a tower which Pepper lands on. The airbenders get off the bison.
Meelo says: "Finally!"
Meelo says: "I've been holding my pee for an hour!"
Jinora gets behind a small tower and sits, closes her eyes, and starts meditating.
Ikki says: "What's taking so long?"
Jinora says: "Ikki, I can't concentrate if you keep talking."
Cut to a frontal view of Jinora.
Jinora says: "Why don't you go play with some of those spirits?"
Ikki says: "Jinora's spirity powers are broken, and she doesn't know where Korra is."
Jinora says: "My powers are not broken."
Jinora says: "I just need more than two seconds and some quiet."
Cut to a frontal view of Ikki and Meelo.
Meelo says: "While you try to pull yourself together, Poki and I are gonna go into town and find out if anyone has seen Korra."
Ikki says: "Sounds like a good plan to me!"
Ikki says: "Wow, I didn't know you could draw!"
Meelo says: "Let's roll!"
Meelo and Ikki jump off the ledge, opening their wingsuits and flying to a nearby village. They walk around and are shown asking a person in the distance, who shakes his head, before approaching an old lady.
Meelo says: "Have you seen this woman?"
Old lady says: "Well, aren't you an adorable little thing."
Meelo says: "I'm not adorable!"
Meelo says: "I'm dangerous."
Ikki says: "Aww."
Meelo says: "This."
Meelo says: "Never."
Meelo says: "Happened."
Meelo says: "Let's split."
Fade to Pepper flying through the air at sunset. Fade to a man in a tavern with earrings.
Man #1.
The Avatar? We still have one of those? Haven't seen her, kid. Sorry. Meelo and Ikki walk off disappointed.
Ikki says: "Man..."
Fade to the children around a campfire, while Jinora is handing out food. Fade to the next day, with Meelo on a rooftop, looking around for Korra. He spots a girl in the alley below him and lets himself fall down gently, with his wingsuit open.
Meelo says: "Can I trust you?"
Tuyen says: "I guess so."
Meelo says: "I'm on a top secret mission to find the Avatar."
Meelo says: "Have you seen her?"
Tuyen says: "I haven't, sorry."
Tuyen says: "Top secret mission, huh?"
Meelo says: "Yeah, it's been pretty dangerous."
Meelo says: "I've seen some things."
Tuyen says: "Really?"
Tuyen says: "What kind of things?"
Meelo says: "Craaazy things."
Tuyen says: "Cool."
Meelo says: "I'm Meelo."
Meelo says: "What should I call you, other than "beautiful"?"
Tuyen says: "I'm Tuyen."
Tuyen says: "Nice to meet you."
Ikki says: "Meelo's got a girlfriend!"
Meelo says: "Go away, Ikki!"
Ikki says: "Jinora's been looking for you."
Ikki says: "We're moving on."
Tuyen says: "Looks like you got to get back to your mission."
Fade to the dock where Korra stopped in "Korra Alone". Meelo walks past the fish monger and spots the photograph he took of Korra.
Meelo says: "Jinora!"
Meelo says: "Ikki!"
Meelo says: "It's Korra!"
Ikki says: "Where?!"
Ikki says: "!"
Ikki says: "Where?!"
Ikki says: "!"
Ikki says: "Where?!"
Ikki says: "!"
Meelo points to the picture on the wall, next to Aang's.
Jinora says: "It's just a photo of Korra."
Meelo says: "At least it's something."
Fishmonger says: "Pretty neat, huh?"
Fishmonger says: "She came by here, about uh, six months ago."
Meelo says: "Then where did she go?"
Fish monger says: "Oh, I don't know."
Fish monger says: "But she wasn't looking too good."
Meelo says: "Ikki, this is all your fault."
Ikki says: "What?"
Ikki says: "I didn't do anything."
Meelo says: "Exactly!"
Ikki says: "Remember when he used to be so nice and sweet?"
Jinora says: "No."
Fade to the Foggy Swamp, where Toph is relaxing on a tree root, whistling a tune. Korra walks up to her.
Korra says: "So..."
Korra says: "what's the plan for today?"
Toph says: "You're looking at it."
Korra says: "We didn't do anything yesterday, or the day before that."
Korra says: "I know!"
Korra says: "Tell me the story of how you taught Aang how to earthbend."
Toph says: "What's there to tell?"
Toph says: "I threw some rocks at the Avatar, he got all whiny and Sokka fell in a hole."
Korra says: "What about the time you took down the Fire Lord?"
Korra says: "That must have been epic!"
Toph says: "Oh yeah."
Toph says: "It was hot."
Toph says: "I was on a blimp."
Toph says: "And I think a giant turtle showed up."
Toph says: "Wow."
Toph says: "What a day."
Korra says: "Okay, you're terrible at telling stories."
Toph says: "You're terrible at listening to them!"
Korra sighs and starts tapping her foot on the ground. Toph bends a rock up underneath her feet.
Toph says: "Quit making all that racket!"
Toph says: "If you're so anxious to do something, why don't you collect some mushrooms for dinner?"
Korra says: "You got it."
Toph says: "Take the path until you see the boulder with the hole in it."
Toph says: "Then go to your left."
Toph says: "Oh, and make sure you get the big, slimy ones!"
Toph says: "They're the tastiest!"
Fade to Jinora meditating.
Ikki says: "Hey, where's all the food Mom gave us?"
Meelo says: "I threw it in the river."
Ikki says: "You did what?!"
Ikki says: "!"
Ikki says: "That food was supposed to last us two weeks!"
Jinora says: "Hey, keep it down!"
Jinora says: "I'm trying to meditate."
Meelo says: "Yeah, keep it down, Ikki."
Ikki says: "Meelo threw away all our food!"
Meelo says: "From now on, we hunt for our meals."
Ikki says: "Meelo, we're vegetarians."
Ikki says: "We don't hunt!"
Meelo says: "Enough whining."
Meelo says: "Poki and I will go find some grub."
Zooms out while Ikki lets out an angry yell. Fade to somewhere else in the forest.
Ikki says: "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there."
The sugar glider drops the berry it was holding, sprints up a tree, and glides away. Ikki picks up the berry and flies after it.
Ikki says: "Wait!"
Ikki says: "You dropped your breakfast!"
She catches up to the animal and tries to hand the berry back, but he breaks off and Ikki slams into a tree branch, crashing to the ground. When she comes to a stop, she discovers the berry is squished on her cheek. The sugar glider lands on her head, climbs down to her shoulder and licks the remains of the berry off her cheek.
Ikki says: "Hey!"
Ikki says: "Does this mean we're friends?"
Ikki stands up and looks around, seeing a big part of the forest has been cut down.
Outpost soldier #1.
You're trespassing! Hold it right there.
Ikki runs. The other soldier tries to restrain her with earthbending, but misses twice over. Ikki attempts to fly away, but is caught just before she manages to take flight. She is turned around and sports a fearful look on her face, while the sugar glider buries itself in her wingsuit. Fade to the outpost soldiers.
Outpost soldier #1.
All right, little airbender. Tell us what you're doing in the Earth Empire. Are you spying?
Ikki says: "No!"
Ikki says: "I swear I'm not a spy."
Ikki says: "I've been traveling with my brother and sister."
Ikki says: "It's our first big mission and my dad, Tenzin, is counting on us."
Ikki says: "But if we don't find the Avatar, he's gonna be really disappointed."
Outpost soldier #1.
To soldier #2. Can I talk to you for a second? They walk a short distance away from Ikki. This girl is Tenzin's kid and she's looking for the Avatar. In the background, Ikki frees her arm from the ropes tying her to the chair to scratch her nose. Do you know what that means?
Outpost soldier #2.
No, but try this macaroon! Ikki puts her arm back into the ropes.
Outpost soldier #1.
Angry, slaps the macaroon out of the hand of soldier #2. Get that out of my face! Look, if we capture these three airbender kids and bring them to Kuvira, Soldier #2 picks up the macaroon and eats it. I bet we get a big-time promotion.
Outpost soldier #2.
You mean we get out of this dump? Soldier #1 nods.
Outpost soldier #1.
Turns around and walks to Ikki again. Sorry, little lady, it looks like we got off on the wrong foot. So, you're out here with your brother and sister, where's your campsite?
Ikki says: "Why do you want to know?"
Outpost soldier #2.
We just want to get the family back together again. Maybe we can sit everybody down and have a nice plate of macaroons. Grabs plate of macaroons, puts it in front of Ikki.
Ikki says: "Where did you get those?"
Outpost soldier #2.
I found a whole sack of food down by the river! And with each delicious snack says: ""You're my handsome little man."
comes a lovely hand-written note.  This one says says: ""You're my handsome little man."
I found a whole sack of food down by the river! And with each delicious snack says: "" That is so touching!"
comes a lovely hand-written note.  This one says says: "" That is so touching!"
Ikki says: "My mom wrote those notes!"
Ikki says: "That's our sack of food!"
Outpost soldier #1.
Getting aggravated. Enough with the cute notes! Where are your brother and sister?
Ikki says: "Who cares..."
Ikki says: "I don't want to see them."
Ikki says: "I'd rather hang out here with you guys."
Ikki says: "Hit me with one of those macaroons."
Ikki opens her mouth. Soldier #2 throws a macaroon in it, much to the displeasure of soldier #1. Cut to the swamp, where Korra has reached the boulder with the hole in it. She walks through some vines, brushing them aside to see a vision of Amon taking her bending away. Startled, she turns around, but sees Unalaq ripping Raava out of her. She trips back, only to get a third vision where she sees herself strung up in the cave of the Red Lotus, at the moment she was being poisoned and was resisting the Avatar State. She lets out a scared yell and Zaheer and the two Red Lotus sentries turn around, when she snaps back into reality to discover that she has knelt down into a stream. Cut back to Jinora meditating. Meelo walks out of the bushes, looking very miserable, dragging a purple stained sack behind him.
Jinora says: "Are you okay?"
Cut to Poki, who gags and vomits. Meelo runs off to the bushes and throws up as well.
Jinora says: "So much for living off the land."
Meelo says: "They're fine, I just ate too many of them because they're so..."
Meelo says: "so delicious."
Jinora says: "Did you run into Ikki while you were picking your poisonous berries?"
Meelo says: "No, what?"
Meelo says: "Did she run off or something?"
Jinora says: "I think so."
Meelo says: "Great."
Meelo says: "Now I've got to go find the Avatar and her."
Meelo says: "This mission is getting worse by the day."
Jinora says: "This isn't only your mission, Meelo."
Jinora says: "I thought we were doing this as a family."
Cut back to the soldiers and Ikki in the outpost.
Ikki says: "It seems pretty lonely out here."
Ikki says: "Where's everybody else?"
Outpost soldier #1.
I ... don't want to talk about it.
Outpost soldier #2.
He's just upset because Kuvira's taking all the troops to Zaofu and we had to stay here.
Outpost soldier #1.
Stands up in frustration. Well it's the last city left and then the whole empire will be united! And you know there's gonna be a huge party afterwards.
Ikki says: "It's tough to be left out, huh?"
Ikki says: "I know exactly what you're going through."
Outpost soldier #1.
Surprised. You do?
Ikki says: "Yeah."
Ikki says: "My brother and sister are always leaving me out of fun stuff."
Ikki says: "I mean, we're supposed to be looking for the Avatar together, but they won't even let me help."
Outpost soldier #2.
Well, that's not fair. Maybe we can help you out! Stands up and grabs a map. So, where have you looked for her?
Ikki says: "We've been traveling down the west coast, and the only lead we have is some guy who said he saw her six months ago."
Outpost soldier #1.
Well, we have troops ... pretty much everywhere. If anyone saw her, they would have reported it.
Ikki says: "What about this place?"
Outpost soldier #1.
Well, that's the swamp. No one goes there.
Outpost soldier #2.
Don't get discouraged, Ikki. You're a valuable member of the team, and you have a big heart! I know you're going to find her. Now let's get you out of those ropes.
Soldier #2 stands up, but Meelo blasts down the door and he and Jinora effortlessly blow the soldiers against the far wall, knocking them out cold. Ikki gives them an angry look.
Meelo says: "You're welcome, Ikki."
Ikki says: "Why did you do that?"
Jinora says: "We're saving you."
Jinora says: "Let's go."
Ikki says: "I had everything under control."
Ikki says: "I just found our food, and I have an idea where Korra is."
Jinora says: "You do?"
Jinora says: "Then lets get going!"
Ikki says: "Hold on."
Ikki says: "Sorry my brother and sister knocked you out."
Ikki says: "Nice chatting with you!"
Outpost soldier #2.
Grunts unconsciously. Ugh ... Macaroon ...
The airbenders walk off and the sugar glider flies after them, landing on Ikki's head. Cut to Korra in the swamp, sitting on a tree root, high above the water. She has a dejected expression on her face.
Toph says: "There you are."
Toph says: "You got my dinner yet?"
Korra says: "No..."
Korra says: "this swamp..."
Korra says: "it did crazy things to my mind."
Korra says: "I had visions, of all the times my enemies hurt me."
Toph says: "Yeah, I figured something like that might happen."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "You wanted me to see those visions?"
Korra says: "You are one twisted old lady, you know that?"
Toph says: "Look, I know you want to get better."
Toph says: "And so does the swamp!"
Toph says: "It can sense you're out of balance."
Toph says: "It will teach you what you need to learn, if you're open to listening."
Korra says: "Okay, swamp."
Korra says: "I'm all ears."
Toph says: "You said you saw your past enemies."
Toph says: "Now, why do you think that is?"
Korra says: "I don't know."
Korra says: "Because they made me and a lot of other people suffer."
Toph says: "Sounds like you're carrying around your former enemies, the same way you're still carrying around that metal poison."
Toph says: "You maybe consider you could learn something from them?"
Korra says: "Sounds like the swamp is messing with your mind too."
Toph says: "My mind is just fine, thank you."
Toph says: "Listen,  what did Amon want?"
Toph says: "Equality for all."
Toph says: "Unalaq?"
Toph says: "He brought back the spirits."
Toph says: "And Zaheer believed in freedom."
Korra says: "I guess..."
Toph says: "The problem was, those guys were totally out of balance and they took their ideologies too far."
Korra says: "Okay, fine."
Korra says: "But that doesn't explain why they keep haunting me."
Toph says: "Because you need to face your fears."
Toph says: "You can't expect to deal with future enemies if you're still fighting the old ones."
Korra says: "Maybe you're right, but how am I supposed to move on?"
Toph says: "Boy, you Avatars sure need a lot of hand-holding."
Toph says: "Get up!"
Toph says: "We're going to the banyan-grove tree."
Toph gets up and walks away. Korra follows her. Cut to Pepper flying somewhere above the swamp.
Ikki says: "Those soldiers said there weren't any troops here and, I figure, if Korra's not feeling good, she might come to a spiritual place like this to get better."
Jinora lets go of the reins to meditate for a moment.
Jinora says: "There is an enormous amount of spiritual activity here, but I don't feel Korra."
Meelo says: "Well, that's what we get for listening to Ikki."
Ikki says: "Guys!"
Ikki says: "We just got here."
Ikki says: "Let's at least look around."
Jinora says: "I'm sorry, Ikki, but I'm with Meelo on this."
Jinora says: "I don't think we're going to find her here."
Jinora says: "Let's go Pepper!"
They make a u-turn, but suddenly a bunch of vines shoot up out of the swamp and pull the bison down into the murky water. Meelo frees Pepper by cutting some of the vines and the rest of them retract spontaneously.
Meelo says: "Why did those stupid vines pull us in here anyway?"
Ikki says: "Because they want us here."
Ikki says: "I'm telling you, Korra has got to be close."
Jinora says: "I don't know, Ikki, I still don't sense Korra."
Ikki says: "Well, you haven't sensed her the entire time we've been looking for her!"
Meelo says: "Next time I go on a mission, it's going to be boys only."
Meelo says: "Just Poki and me."
Ikki lets out a tiresome grunt. Cut to Toph and Korra climbing up to the base of the banyan-grove tree.
Korra says: "It's beautiful."
Toph says: "The roots of the banyan-grove tree spread out for miles in every direction, connecting this whole swamp."
Toph says: "Your problem is, you've been disconnected for too long."
Toph says: "Disconnected from the people who love you and disconnected from yourself."
Korra kneels down and puts her hand on the root, sending a stream of energy through the swamp. It flows through the vines to Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo.
Meelo says: "I'm tired of listening to you!"
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Jinora says: "I know where Korra is!"
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Ikki says: "Yeah!"
Cut back to Korra and Toph.
Korra says: "I can't believe it!"
Korra says: "I saw Jinora, Ikki and Meelo, they're here!"
Toph says: "Good."
Toph says: "Hopefully they're here to take you home."
Cut to Pepper flying through the swamp and emerging from the trees in front of the banyan-grove tree.
Jinora says: "Korra!"
Ikki says: "Korra!"
Meelo says: "Korra!"
The airbenders jump off Pepper and unfold their wingsuits, flying to Korra and Toph. Korra turns around and starts to cry from happiness. They land and give Korra a hug.
Ikki says: "We missed you so much, Korra."
Korra says: "I missed you so much, too."
Korra says: "How did you find me all the way out here?"
Ikki says: "Jinora sensed your energy."
Jinora says: "But we never would have been here if it weren't for Ikki."
Ikki says: "I never would have stormed off and run into those soldiers if it weren't for Meelo."
Meelo says: "I was trying to toughen up these ladies, but I guess it was a team effort."
Ikki says: "I love your hair."
Meelo says: "It's so you."
Toph coughs, reminding Korra of her presence.
Korra says: "I'm so sorry."
Korra says: "This is Meelo, Jinora, and Ikki."
Korra says: "Aang and Katara's grandchildren."
Toph says: "Your grandpa was a real pain in my butt."
Meelo says: "Wait a minute."
Meelo says: "Cranky?"
Meelo says: "Old?"
Meelo says: "Blind?"
Meelo says: "You must be Toph!"
Toph says: "Oh, I like this one."
Jinora says: "You need to come home, Korra."
Jinora says: "Kuvira is taking over the Earth Kingdom."
Ikki says: "You have to stop her."
Korra says: "I don't know..."
Korra says: "I'm not the Avatar I used to be."
Korra says: "I can't even go into the Avatar State."
Ikki says: "Please, Korra."
Jinora says: "The world needs you back."
Fade to Toph's hollow tree, where Korra is standing in front of a fire. Korra's expression changes from uncertain to determined.
Korra says: "All right."
Korra says: "I'm ready."
Toph says: "I'm not bending it out of you."
Toph says: "You've got to do this on your own."
Korra nods, takes a firmer stance and slowly exhales.
Toph says: "Close your eyes."
Toph says: "Clear your mind."
Toph says: "And don't freak out, like last time!"
Toph says: "Now, focus your energy."
Toph says: "Find the metal."
Toph says: "Let it move through you body."
Korra starts to bend the metal inside her, but as she gets the visions of Zaheer suffocating her again, she loses her concentration and breaks her stance.
Toph says: "That fight is over."
Toph says: "Release the fear."
Korra gets back in her stance, exhales, and starts bending the poison again. Tiny droplets of mercury come out of her arms and she moves them down the length of her arms to forms a larger drop in front of her. She repeats the process one more time, removing the last of the poison from her body. Toph bends two hemispheres around it, locking the poison inside.
Toph says: "Well done, Korra."
Korra's eyes shoot open, revealing the brilliant white glow of the Avatar State.
Meelo says: "The Avatar is back in business!"
Korra says: "I feel so much lighter."
Korra says: "Thank you so much for helping me."
Korra says: "I'd like to give you a hug now, if that's okay with you."
Cut to outside again, where Meelo is the last to board Pepper. They all wave goodbye to Toph, and Pepper flies off.
Toph says: "Finally, some peace and quiet."
Roll credits.