The episode opens up to show a slowly zooming in aerial shot of the the Pro-bending Arena as it snows. Cut to a frontal, close-up shot of a determined looking Korra handling a water blob. The camera moves back as she splits it in two, and rapidly launches each smaller water bullet in a different direction. Cut to a side-shot of Bolin, who raises his right arm in front of him, an earth disk following the motion and hovering in front of his face. As the water blob Korra launched at him strikes the disk, he is shoved slightly backward by the impact. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako, who moves back and twists around, vaporizing the incoming blob with a fire arc. He immediately retaliates with two fire punches. Cut to an overview shot of the entire gym and the practicing Fire Ferrets. Bolin's earth disk is pulverized by Mako's fire attack. Korra aims another rapid water blast at Mako, who jumps over it, while Bolin launches an earth disk at Korra, forcing her to shield herself with water from a nearby tank. Mako fires a blast at each of his team mates, which both of them block with their respective element. A second fire blast hits Bolin square in the stomach. Cut to a frontal shot as he is flung backward. As he is falling down, he raises and launches a last earth disk. Cut to Korra who directs a water blob away from her, but is knocked back with a grunt as the earth disk plants itself in her stomach. Cut to Mako as Korra's water attack hits him straight in the face, flinging him to the ground several meters from where he was standing. Switch back to the overview shot of the gym as they all sit up and laugh. Cut to a frontal shot of Mako as he stands up and takes off his helmet, resting his left hand on his hip.
Mako says: "It's been great having you at so many back-to-back practices, Korra."
Korra says: "Tarrlok isn't too happy about my leave of absence."
Bolin says: "Hey, you joined the Fire Ferrets before you joined his task force."
Mako says: "Okay, come on, team huddle time!"
The team huddles up, smiling at each other.
Mako says: "It's our first match of the tournament tonight."
Mako says: "I know the three of us haven't been a team for very long, but even so, the Fire Ferrets have never been this good."
Mako says: "Are we ready?"
Korra says: "We're ready!"
Bolin says: "We're ready!"
Mako says: "Hey, Asami."
Asami says: "Good morning, sweetie."
Korra looks annoyed.
Mako says: "These new uniforms look great!"
Asami says: "You look great, champ!"
Mako and Asami do an 'Eskimo kiss'. Bolin looks with a "Really?" expression, while Korra shows her disgust, but quickly acts normal when Mako turns to her.
Mako says: "Well, teammates, I'll see you before the match tonight."
Mako says: "Asami and I have a lunch date."
Bolin says: "Okay, we'll check you guys later, you know, we'll see you when we see ya."
Korra picks up her bag in silence.
Bolin says: "So, Korra."
Bolin says: "There they go, here we are, all alone in the gym, just you and me, two alone people."
Bolin says: "Together."
Bolin says: "Alone."
Korra says: "Ah, I gotta head back to the air temple to train with Tenzin."
Korra says: "See ya!"
Bolin looks disappointed about his failed attempt to pick a date with Korra. The scene cuts to the brothers' attic, where Mako is preparing dinner while Bolin is preparing a bath for Pabu. The animal protests his owner's act, but Bolin finally manages to dip Pabu into the tub of water, who subsequently rises from it, shaking off water from his body with a look of defeat.
Bolin says: "Work with me here, Pabu!"
Bolin says: "You wanna look spic and span in your new uniform, don't you?"
Bolin says: "So, what do you think of Korra, in a "girlfriend" sort of way?"
Mako says: "She's great!"
Mako says: "But I think it makes more sense for me to go for Asami."
Bolin says: "I was talking about a girlfriend for me!"
Bolin says: "Leave some ladies for the rest of us!"
Mako says: "I know, that's what I thought you meant."
Bolin says: "Well..."
Bolin says: "?"
Mako says: "I don't know, Bo."
Mako says: "It doesn't seem like a good idea for you to date Korra."
Bolin says: "You just said she was great two seconds ago."
Mako says: "Yeah, Korra is a great athlete and the Avatar and stuff, but I don't know if she's really "girlfriend material"."
Mako says: "She's more like a pal."
Bolin says: "Bro, you're nuts!"
Bolin says: "Korra and I are perfect for each other: she's strong, I'm strong; she's fun, I'm fun; she's beautiful, I'm gorgeous!"
Bolin says: "Okay, I don't care what you think, I'm gonna ask Korra out."
Mako says: "Look, it just isn't smart to date a teammate, especially during the tournament."
Mako says: "Keep your head out of the clouds and your priorities straight, okay?"
Bolin says: "Yeah, yeah, I know, gah."
Cut to Air Temple Island. Korra, Jinora, and Ikki are feeding fruit to ring-tailed lemurs in the snow.
Jinora says: "So, how's it going with the tall, dreamy firebender boy?"
Jinora says: "You've been spending a lot of time together lately."
Ikki says: "Oooh, yeah!"
Ikki says: "Tell us all about the magical romance."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "Besides he's all into that prissy, beautiful, elegant, rich girl..."
Korra says: "but let's just pretend for a second I am interested in him."
Korra says: "What would I do?"
Jinora says: "Ooh!"
Jinora says: "I just read a historical saga where the heroine fell in love with the enemy general's son, who's supposed to marry the princess."
Jinora says: "You should do what she did!"
Korra says: "Tell me!"
Jinora says: "She rode a dragon into battle and burned down the entire country."
Jinora says: "Then she jumped into a volcano."
Jinora says: "It was so romantic!"
Korra says: "Uhh..."
Ikki says: "No, no, no!"
Korra says: "The volcano is starting to make more sense to me now."
Korra says: "Oh, hey Pema."
Korra says: "Uh, how long were you standing there?"
Pema says: "Long enough."
Pema says: "But trust me, I know what you're going through."
Pema says: "Years ago I was in the exact the same situation, with Tenzin."
Ikki says: "Daddy was in love with someone else before you?"
Pema says: "That's right."
Korra says: "So what did you do?"
Pema says: "Well, for the longest time, I did nothing."
Pema says: "I was so shy and scared of rejection, but watching my soul mate spend his life with the wrong woman became too painful."
Pema says: "So I hung my chin out there and I confessed my love to Tenzin."
Pema says: "And the rest is history."
Korra says: "Wooow!"
Ikki says: "Wooow!"
Jinora says: "Wooow!"
Cut to the Pro-bending Arena.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Folks, after a year of waiting the Pro-bending Championship is finally here."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket."
Shiro Shinobi says: "And I gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen."
Ring announcer says: "Introducing our first team, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets!"
Ring announcer says: "And their opponents, the Red Sands Rabaroos!"
The match between the Fire Ferrets and the Rabaroos starts.
Shiro Shinobi says: "What an explosive opening volley."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending."
Shiro Shinobi says: "I am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the Fire Ferrets."
Shiro Shinobi says: "No wonder the Avatar has been absent from the papers lately."
Shiro Shinobi says: "She's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferrets advance into Rabaroo territory and are holding nothing back."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Nice sprawl there by Mako."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin strikes, Ula dodges, and all three Rabaroos are down."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Fire Ferrets easily take round one!"
Ring announcer says: "Round two!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Rabaroos are looking for payback and they go straight after Bolin."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Korra comes to his defense and water-whacks Umi back into zone two!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferrets are on fire tonight and they win round two."
Ring announcer says: "Round three!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "With the Rabaroos down two rounds they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the Fire Ferrets are playing I don't see that happening."
Shiro Shinobi says: "These Ferrets are working together like a well-oiled bending machine."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin passes Adi back into zone two and the Ferrets get the green light to advance."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Rabaroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Out goes Adi, and Ula, and Umi!"
Ring announcer says: "All three rounds go to the Future Industries Fire Ferrets to win the opening match of the tournament!"
Bolin says: "Thank you, thank you very much!"
Bolin says: "Thank you all you fans!"
Mako says: "Wow, we were really connecting out there in that ring."
Korra says: "Yeah!"
Korra says: "You know, I feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too."
Mako says: "Uh, sure."
Korra says: "So, I was thinking we should spend some time together."
Mako says: "Oh, we've been spending lots of time together."
Korra says: "I mean outside of the gym, and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chi blockers."
Mako says: "I don't know."
Mako says: "Asami and I have—"
Mako says: "Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you."
Korra says: "Forget I ever said anything..."
Mako and Korra look uncomfortably at each other. Korra takes a seat and Bolin takes a seat next to her.
Bolin says: "So, Korra, I was thinking, you and me, we could get some dinner together, sort of a date situation."
Korra says: "Oh, that's really sweet, but I don't think so."
Korra says: "I don't feel very date-worthy."
Bolin says: "Are you kidding me?"
Bolin says: "You're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest, incrediblest girl in the world!"
Korra says: "You really feel that way about me?"
Bolin says: "I felt that way since the moment I saw you!"
Bolin says: "Trust me, I know we're gonna have so much fun together."
Korra says: "You know what?"
Korra says: "I could use some fun."
Korra says: "Okay, sure!"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "Who's the luckiest guy in the world?"
Bolin says: "Right here, Bolin!"
Mako watches while holding Asami, but Asami clings into him and rests her head on his shoulder. Mako still thinks about Korra and Bolin. Cut to Bolin and Korra eating in Narook's Seaweed Noodlery, Naga resting in front of the door.
Bolin says: "So, how do you like it?"
Korra says: "Hmm, it's delicious and totally authentic!"
Korra says: "I didn't realize how much I missed Water Tribe grub."
Bolin says: "That's great, 'cause this is my favorite joint."
Bolin says: "See?"
Bolin says: "You love Water Tribe food, I love Water Tribe food, just another reason we are so great together."
Korra says: "They are good noodles!"
Korra says: "Hey, who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us?"
Camera flips to show Tahno at a table with a girl in each arm and some guys with him.
Bolin says: "That's Tahno and the Wolfbats, the reigning champs, three years running."
Bolin says: "Don't make eye contact."
Korra disobeys and looks straight at him. Tahno walks up toward Korra and Bolin, along with his company.
Bolin says: "Uh-oh, here he comes."
Bolin says: "Now don't mess with this guy, he's a nasty dude."
Tahno says: "Well, well, well, if it isn't the Fire Ferrets."
Tahno says: "Pro-bending's saddest excuse for a team."
Tahno says: "Tell me, how did a couple of amateurs like you luck your way into the tournament?"
Tahno says: "Especially you, Avatar."
Tahno says: "You know, if you'd like to learn how a real pro bends, I could give you some private lessons."
Korra says: "You wanna go toe-to-toe with me, pretty boy?"
Tahno says: "Go for it."
Tahno says: "I'll give you the first shot."
Bolin says: "Korra, don't."
Bolin says: "He's just trying to bait you."
Bolin says: "If you hit him, we're out of the tournament."
Korra whistles and Naga busts through the window, roaring loudly at Tahno. He falls over, but his friends behind him catch him and they walk away. Korra and Bolin laugh.
Bolin says: "Whoa, ho, ho, I've never seen someone harass Tahno like that."
Bolin says: "You are one of a kind, Korra."
Korra and Bolin are drinking cocktails with straws. Bolin burps and is ashamed, but Korra notices this and burps even louder, to which Bolin burps again, louder this time, and Korra burps again yet even louder, and they both start laughing. The couple next to them looks on in horrified disgust.
The scene now shows the Harmony Tower. The camera pans up from the bottom to the top of the tower and shows Korra and Bolin, along with many other couples, watching the city by night from the top of the tower. Korra really enjoys the view, and Bolin enjoys Korra having a good time. Cut to Mako sitting in front of the arena, sad. Korra walks up to him, he stands up.
Mako says: "What kind of game are you playing?"
Korra says: "Uh..."
Korra says: "Pro-bending?"
Korra says: "We've got the quarterfinal match."
Mako says: "No, I mean with Bolin."
Mako says: "You've got him all in a tizzy and I know you're only using him to get back at me."
Korra says: "I am not, we're just having fun together."
Korra says: "What do you care, anyway?"
Mako says: "I'm looking out for my little brother."
Mako says: "I don't want to see his heart get broken."
Korra says: "Wait a second..."
Korra says: "you're not worried about him, you're jealous!"
Korra says: "You do have feelings for me!"
Mako says: "What?"
Mako says: "Jealous?"
Mako says: "Don't be ridiculous."
Korra says: "Admit it!"
Korra says: "You like me."
Mako says: "No, I'm with Asami."
Korra says: "Yeah, but when you're with her you're thinking about me, aren't you?"
Mako says: "Get over yourself!"
Korra says: "I'm just being honest."
Mako says: "You're crazy!"
Korra says: "You're a liar!"
Random stranger says: "Hey Mako-!"
Random stranger says: "Oh..."
Cuts to the interior arena.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Eight teams have been eliminated and eight advance into the quarter finals, which get underway way tonight."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The rookies are about to take on the former and longest-reigning champs, the Boar-q-pines."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Youth clashes against experience in a battle for the ages, or rather of the ages."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Korra dodges and, ooh, slams right into her teammate!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Down goes Mako and Bolin and Korra!"
Ring announcer says: "Round one goes to the Boar-q-pines!"
Mako says: "You were supposed to defend while I attacked!"
Korra says: "I had an opening so I took it!"
Bolin says: "What is up with you two?"
Bolin says: "All right, whatever, just pull together, guys."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferrets looking to mount some offense here in round two."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin lets fly a flurry of attacks, he's a one-man bending battalion."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferrets are having a rough time finding their rhythm tonight, but thanks to Bolin, they narrowly notch round two."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Not sure what's eating them, but this is not the same team who took out the Rabaroos."
Ring announcer says: "Round three is a tie!"
Ring announcer says: "We go to a tie-breaker to decide the match."
Referee says: "The Fire Ferrets win the coin toss!"
Referee says: "Which element do you choose?"
Mako says: "I got this."
Bolin says: "I know you usually handle these, but frankly, your head's not in the game."
Bolin says: "I'm gonna take this one."
Bolin says: "We choose earth."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Looks like the earthbenders will collide in the tie-breaker face-off."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin goes in for the grapple, Chang reverses."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin strikes from midair, knocking Chang to the edge of the circle."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Another strike from Bolin, and Chang is in the drink!"
Ring announcer says: "The Future Industries Fire Ferrets win their quarterfinal match!"
Korra and Mako are relieved that Bolin won the tie-breaker, but look away from each other angrily.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Oh, that was a close one folks!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Youth trumps experience tonight."
Cut to Korra, staring from the balcony in sadness and anger, as Mako walks up to her.
Mako says: "We need to talk."
Mako says: "Look, sometimes you can be so infuriating."
Mako says: "But I—"
Korra says: "Save your breath."
Korra says: "You've already made it clear how you feel about me."
Mako says: "No, I haven't."
Mako says: "What I'm trying to say is: as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing."
Korra says: "So you do like me?"
Mako says: "Yes, but, I like Asami, too."
Mako says: "I don't know, things are complicated."
Mako says: "I've been feeling really confused and—"
Korra interrupts Mako by kissing him on the lips. It surprises him, but he kisses her back, making her blush. When they break the kiss, Korra immediately looks down in shame after having seen something behind Mako. Mako turns around to find Bolin standing there with flowers for Korra. He bursts into tears and runs away, dropping the flowers on the floor.
Mako says: "Bolin, this isn't what you think!"
Mako says: "Great, look at what you did!"
Korra says: "You're blaming me?"
Mako says: "You kissed me!"
Korra says: "You kissed me back!"
Mako raises his fists and growls in frustration, before running after Bolin.
Korra says: "Well played, Korra."
Cut to Mako walking into Narook's Seaweed Noodlery.
Mako says: "Morning, Narook."
Mako says: "My brother here?"
Mako says: "Come on."
Mako says: "Wake up."
Mako says: "Taking you home, bro."
Mako says: "You're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight."
Mako says: "Let's go."
Mako says: "Guess we'll have to do this the hard way."
Bolin says: "Why?"
Mako says: "Told you dating a teammate was a bad idea."
Bolin says: "You're a bad idea!"
Bolin says: "Put me down!"
Bolin says: "Put me down!"
Pabu flops off the table and slowly follows. Cut to Pro-bending Arena at night, followed by Korra entering the locker room. She looks at Bolin sitting dejectedly on a bench, and walks silently past Mako. Cut to the Ferrets lining up against the Buzzard Wasps.
Shiro Shinobi says: "You can't find two teams more evenly matched in age, size, and strength than the Fire Ferrets and the Buzzard Wasps."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Believe me, I've looked!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "This should be a pulse-pounding semifinal, folks!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Buzzard Wasps fly deeper into Ferret territory."
Shiro Shinobi says: "And Mako plunges into the pool!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Can the Fire Ferrets hold on?"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Wasps have the Ferrets backed up to the edge now..."
Shiro Shinobi says: "and the Ferrets are bailed out by the bell!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "They had better pull themselves together for round two, otherwise they can kiss the finals goodbye."
Bell dings, second round begins. Mako gets knocked back a zone, and firebends a blast that hits Bolin in the back and knocks him to the ground.
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Wasps take advantage of Mako's unforced error and Bolin is in the pool!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Ooh, and a blatant hold by the Avatar!"
Referee says: "Unnecessary roughness!"
Referee says: "Move back one zone!"
Korra says: "I'll unnecessarily rough you up!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And the Avatar is slapped with the yellow fan."
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Ferrets are their own worst enemy right now."
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's just sad to watch."
Shiro Shinobi says: "With the Buzzard Wasps leading two rounds to zilch, the Ferrets' only hope of winning is with a knockout."
Mako says: "Well, I guess there's always next year."
Korra says: "Come on!"
Korra says: "We still have a chance, even if it is a slim one!"
Bolin says: "The way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals."
Korra says: "Look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves."
Mako says: "Let's just get this over with."
Bolin says: "The sooner, the better."
The three grimly head back to the starting line and the bell dings, signaling the start of round three.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin's knocked into zone two, followed quickly by his brother!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And Bolin takes a zinger to the shoulder!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Looks like it's a clean hit."
Bolin says: "Owww!"
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Mako's in the drink and out of the match."
Shiro Shinobi says: "And Bolin keeps playing with one good arm!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "I gotta hand it to him, this kid's got grit!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "But how long can he keep it up?"
Cut to Bolin, pulling himself painfully out of the pool. He looks up as Mako kneels above him, smiling and offering a hand. Mako pulls Bolin up and steadies him.
Mako says: "Are you okay?"
Mako says: "How's your shoulder?"
Bolin says: "Ahh, it's messed up pretty bad."
Bolin says: "But I think I'll be all right."
Bolin says: "Are we gonna be all right?"
Mako says: "Of course we are."
Mako says: "We're brothers."
Mako says: "We'll get through this mess."
Mako says: "I'm sorry."
Bolin says: "Me too!"
Bolin says: "Girls..."
Mako says: "Seriously."
Shiro Shinobi says: "What an unbelievable effort here by Korra!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "She's dodging every element the Wasps throw at her!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's the big kibosh!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "What a knockout!"
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "She did it!"
Mako says: "Yes!"
Mako says: "Yeah!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "It didn't seem possible, folks, but the Fire Ferrets are headed to the finals!"
Bolin says: "Ha, ha!"
Bolin says: "Shoulder!"
Bolin says: "Shoulder!"
Mako says: "Sorry."
Bolin says: "That, was pretty much the coolest thing I've ever seen."
Mako says: "Thanks for not giving up on us."
Mako says: "We never would have made it this far without you."
Mako says: "I owe you."
Mako says: "Big time."
Korra says: "You're welcome."
Korra says: "So..."
Korra says: "I know things are confusing right now, but I hope we can still be friends."
Mako says: "Definitely."
Cut to the Wolfbats entering the locker room. Tahno enters last and inhales deeply with an expression of disgust.
Tahno says: "Ooh, oof."
Tahno says: "You boys smell something in here?"
Tahno says: "Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers."
Korra says: "I hope we see you in the finals."
Korra says: "Then we'll know who the losers really are."
Tahno says: "Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here."
Ring announcer says: "And now, the defending champs, the White Falls Wolfbats!"
Korra growls at the White Fall Wolfbats, as Asami runs to Mako and throws her arms around his neck.
Asami says: "Great job!"
Asami says: "What a comeback, Korra."
Asami says: "I've never seen a hat trick like that."
Korra says: "Thanks!"
Korra says: "But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play."
Korra says: "So thank you."
Bolin says: "Uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party, need some medical attention over here."
Korra says: "Ooh, let me help!"
Bolin says: "Owww!"
Bolin says: "Gah!"
Bolin says: "Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?"
Korra says: "Relax, I'm a healer!"
Korra says: "I learned from Katara, the best there is."
Bolin says: "No, no, oh- ooh!"
Bolin says: "That's the stuff!"
Korra says: "Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings."
Korra says: "I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand."
Bolin says: "Ahh, I'll be all right."
Bolin says: "But we had fun together, didn't we?"
Korra says: "I had a great time, honestly!"
Korra says: "You are one of a kind, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Please, go on."
Bolin says: "I enjoy praise."
Ring announcer says: "Your winners, the Wolfbats!"
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "How is it over already?"
Shiro Shinobi says: "With a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals."
Shiro Shinobi says: "I hope the Ferrets know a good doctor, 'cause they're gonna need one!"
Close-up on the astonished faces of the three Fire Ferrets as the episode ends. Fade to credits.