Part 1.
The scene begins in the sky above Republic City, an airship just visible in the distance. The camera pans down, passing over a number of buildings, before stopping outside a shop. An elderly woman exits the store, her arms laden with shopping, as a young Bolin looks on from around a corner. The woman struggles to carry all her bags, and begins to walk away slowly, as a young Mako appears, surveying the woman from the opposite corner. The camera cuts to a close-up of the woman, still struggling with her bags, before panning down to reveal the purse held in her hand, and Mako eyeing it in the background. As the woman continues walking, Mako keeps pace behind her, before nodding to Bolin, who winks back. Mako suddenly rushes toward the woman, grabbing her purse and knocking the shopping bags from her arms.
Mako turns into an alley, the purse clutched firmly in his hand, and Bolin follows.
Bolin says: "Give it back, you dirty thief."
The brothers face one another in the alley, each adopting a fighting stance. Bolin slam his foot into the ground, causing a small slab of rock to erupt from the earth in front of him.
Mako says: "Hey, I stole that fair and square."
Bolin catches the purse, before earthbending a chunk of the wall behind him toward his brother. Mako dodges the attack, kicking the earth away with firebending. The flaming rock flies out of the alley, as the elderly woman watches on.
Mako says: "Ooof."
Mako says: "Okay, you win."
Bolin emerges from the alley with the purse, limping slightly and holding a hand to his chest. He stops and leans against the wall, breathing heavily.
Bolin says: "Your purse, ma'am."
Elderly woman says: "let me give you a reward."
Elderly woman says: "Why, you little hooligan!"
Bolin runs into an alley, where his brother is waiting for him.
Mako says: "Nice grab, little brother."
Bolin says: "Bread tastes so much better than what we ate yesterday."
Mako says: "We didn't eat yesterday."
Bolin says: "So much better."
The scene changes to the Triple Threat Triad headquarters. Mako and Bolin enter, and discover Toza and Shady Shin in discussion.
Bolin says: "Mako!"
Bolin says: "Do you know who that is?"
Bolin says: "It's Toza, legendary earthbending captain of the Boar-q-pines."
Bolin says: "He's my hero."
Bolin says: "What do you think he's doing here?"
Mako says: "If you'd stop talking, we could hear."
Shady Shin says: "Hey, you're welcome!"
Toza walks past Bolin and Mako, a sad look on his face.
Shady Shin says: "Can you believe that ingrate mook?"
Bolin says: "Wow."
Bolin says: "I mean, I hate to see Toza lose, even if he needs to."
Mako says: "Why?"
Mako says: "He got paid."
Mako says: "You didn't see any pro-benders crying for us when mom and dad died, and we got dumped on the street."
Mako says: "Life is hard."
Mako says: "You either hustle or get hustled."
Shady Shin says: "And speaking of hustling, you two need to hit the bricks and collect enough bets to make this little investment pay off."
Shady Shin says: "'Cause if you don't, you're gonna be right back in the dumpster where I found ya."
Shady Shin says: "Seeing those young crooks really gives me hope for the future."
Episode ends.
Part 2.
The scene opens to several posters of Toza earthbending, before panning right to Mako and Bolin, who are standing in front of a pet store.
Bolin says: "Mr."
Bolin says: "Feeeeng!"
Bolin says: "Hey, you wanna bet on the fight tonight?"
A large crash is heard, causing the boys to flinch.
Mr. Feng says: "Come back here, you little rat weasel!"
Pabu runs out of the pet store, squeaking. He promptly grabs onto Bolin's pant leg and climbs onto his head. Mr. Feng exits his shop and grabs Pabu off of Bolin's head by the tail.
Mr. Feng says: "Oh, thanks for grabbing him, Bolin."
Mr. Feng says: "He's been trying to escape ever since he figured out I'm going to feed him to the new pythonaconda I just got in."
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "You're going to turn him into a snake snack?"
Bolin says: "Wait, I'll buy him."
Bolin says: "How much?"
Mr. Feng says: "Five yuans."
Bolin looks hopefully at Mako, who looks away.
Mako says: "No, the last thing we need is one more mouth to feed."
Mako says: "How much do you want to put on the match tonight, Mr."
Mako says: "Feng?"
Mako is handed a few yuans, and Bolin scratches under Pabu's chin until the fire ferret is swiped away. Bolin frowns, until he looks back to the area with the posters and notices Toza happily signing autographs for younger fans.
Bolin says: "Hey!"
Bolin says: "Toza!"
Toza says: "What, does Shady Shin want me to belly-flop into the pool so I'm extra humiliated tonight?"
Bolin says: "I just wanted to say, you don't have to throw the fight."
Bolin says: "I mean..."
Bolin says: "you're the best!"
Toza says: "I made my decision!"
Toza says: "Leave me alone!"
Toza leaves, and Bolin follows him for a few steps before giving up and sighing. Mako approaches him.
Mako says: "What are you doing?"
Mako says: "Are you trying to get us in trouble with Shady Shin?"
Bolin says: "No!"
Bolin says: "I just..."
Bolin says: "Maybe I'm not as mean as you!"
Bolin says: "Maybe I just can't turn my back on people when they're down!"
Bolin leaves, and Mako sighs. Cut to later that night, outside the pet store. Bolin earthbends the door open, sneaks inside, and walks toward the pythonaconda's cage.
Bolin says: "I wonder where he i—"
The pythonaconda leaps from the cage and grabs onto Bolin. It wraps itself around Bolin's body and neck, preventing him from breathing. Mako enters, grabbing the snake and pulling it off of Bolin, causing the earthbender to get dizzy and fall into a bunch of boxes. Mako shoves the snake back into its cage.
Mako says: "You really have a knack for getting into stupid situations, you know that?"
Bolin says: "Yeah, thanks Mako."
Mako says: "C'mon, we should get out of here."
Bolin says: "No, not without him."
Mako says: "All right."
Mako says: "But his food comes out of your half."
Bolin says: "Hooray!"
Bolin says: "You're with us now, Pabu!"
Pabu jumps from Bolin onto Mako's shoulder and licks him, causing Mako to smile. The two brothers exit the store, Pabu riding once again on Bolin's shoulder.
Bolin says: "I named him Pabu."
Mako says: "How did you come up with that?"
Bolin says: "I don't know."
Bolin says: "It just kind of came to me while the snake was strangling me."
Bolin says: "Oxygen deprivation gives you some good ideas."
Cut to the two and Pabu heading out to the street with the Toza posters, with the Pro-bending Arena lit and glowing in the background.
Part 3.
The scene opens to a shot of an illuminated Pro-bending Arena. A number of people are milling around at the front, and the screams of the spectators inside can be heard.
Shiro Shinobi says: "He's single-handedly costing his team the match."
The waterbender from the opposing team bends a stream of water at Toza. Toza blocks the attack, but gets pushed back slightly, knocking his teammate into the third zone. Cut to spectators cheering. Cut to Shady Shin, Lightning Bolt Zolt, Mako, Bolin, and Pabu, who are watching the match from the stands.
Shady Shin says: "in our pockets."
Cut back to the ring, as Toza gets hit with a firebending strike. An earth disc knocks Toza's teammate out of the ring, and a second impacts with Toza himself, knocking him back into the third zone. Cut to Shady Shin, who watches on gleefully. Cut back to the ring, as Toza teeters on the edge of the ring.
Shady Shin says: "Go down, you bum."
Cut back to Toza, who manages to regain his balance. Cut to Bolin, who has a disheartened look on his face. Cut to Toza, who sighs dejectedly, before adopting a grim determination at the sound of the buzzer.
Shiro Shinobi says: "Wait a second folks."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Knockout!"
Toza waves to the cheering crowds. Cut to Shady Shin and Zolt looking angry, Mako astonished, and Bolin cheering wildly.
Bolin says: "and he listened."
Shady Shin says: "You what?!"
Shady Shin says: "!"
Bolin says: "Oh, well, you know, I'm sure there are other factors."
Mako and Bolin, with Pabu on his shoulder, run from their seats, as Shady Shin sprints after them. The two brothers burst through a door, and find themselves in Toza's gym. Bolin uses his earthbending to block the door with a number of weights, but Shin and two other triad members force their way through. Bolin lifts up a large chunk of earth from the floor and throws it toward Shady Shin. Mako firebends at the chunk of rock, causing it to explode just above the triad members' heads and covering them in dust. Shady Shin growls in anger, and bends a stream of water at the two brothers, but Bolin protects them with an earth shield. Mako shoots back a blast of fire, but Shin manages to avoid it, and bends a long stream of water at Bolin's shield, as one of the other triad members responds with his own blast of fire. A fissure suddenly appears on the ground, moving toward the triad members, before two large chinks of rock emerge, knocking back two of the triad members, and leaving Shin on his own. Mako and Bolin look over at the source of the attack, and find Toza standing there in a fighting stance. Shin growls at the brothers again, but Toza steps between them and raises his hand, as Pabu leers at the waterbender.
Lightning Bolt Zolt says: "And you; what gives?"
Lightning Bolt Zolt says: "You cost me a lot of money just now."
Lightning Bolt Zolt says: "I thought you were an honorable man."
Toza says: "I am an honorable man."
Toza says: "I just needed someone  Here's your money back."
Toza says: "Now get out of my gym."
Shady Shin says: "Lets go, boys."
Shady Shin says: "We're gonna talk about this when we get back to the hideout."
Toza says: "Wait."
Toza says: "You guys have got some real bending skills."
Toza says: "With a little training, I think you could go pro."
Toza says: "I could teach you everything I know."
Toza says: "I could find you a place to stay right here in the arena."
Toza says: "Who knows, you could be champs."
Toza says: "At least it's a chance at an honest living."
Bolin says: "Can we, Mako?"
Bolin says: "Mako, can we please?"
Shady Shin says: "Don't go soft on me, Mako."
Shady Shin says: "Remember, it's up to you to take care of your little brother."
Shady Shin says: "Use your head, make the smart play."
Mako says: "Sorry Shady, but you're right."
Mako says: "I do have to take care of my brother, and I think this is what's best for him."
Shady Shin says: "Suit yourself."
Shady Shin says: "But who knows, maybe we can fix a fight together, some time."
Bolin says: "I'm so glad we're not criminals anymore."
Bolin says: "Lets celebrate over dinner."
Mako says: "Err, I think we better save our money."
Bolin says: "Oh, I have lots of money coming."
Bolin says: "I bet everything we had on the Boar-q-pines."
Mako says: "What?!"
Mako says: "!"
Mako says: "But you knew the fight was fixed."
Bolin says: "What can I say?"
Bolin says: "I had a good feeling."
Toza hugs the two brothers, and the scene fades out to the Pro-bending Arena.