The scene opens to the Future Industries airship as it flies over the Earth Kingdom, with Oogi flying just above. Cut to the platform atop the airship, where Bumi and Kai are practicing their airbending, under the instruction of Jinora and watched by Asami, Naga, and Pabu.
Jinora says: "Light on your feet, Uncle Bumi."
Jinora says: "Remember, you want to be quick and evasive."
Bumi says: "Wouldn't want to hurt a kid..."
Kai slides to the floor, and fires an airbending blast at Bumi's legs, knocking him to the ground.
Bumi says: "Oh."
Jinora says: "Uncle Bumi, you've got to work on your stance changes."
Jinora says: "Kai, that was just, really good."
Kai says: "Thanks Jinora, you're a great teacher."
Jinora stares at Kai for a second, before turning away, blushing. She helps her uncle away, but he brushes her off, before patting his body, looking for something.
Bumi says: "Hmm, did I drop my wallet?"
Jinora, looking behind Bumi, begins to chuckle as Kai strolls casually past them, fanning himself with Bumi's wallet. Bumi turns to look at the young boy.
Bumi says: "Give me that, you little thief!"
Shot pulls back to reveal Tenzin and Korra complacently watching the group on the platform below.
Korra says: "It's so exciting to be on a diplomatic mission to Ba Sing Se."
Korra says: "What's the Earth Queen like?"
Tenzin says: "I've never met her, but I've heard she can be quite..."
Tenzin says: "demanding."
Bolin runs to accompany Korra and Tenzin, swinging his legs under the railings in excitement.
Bolin says: "This is it, Mako!"
Bolin says: "We made it!"
Bolin says: "This is where Dad grew up!"
Bolin says: "Come here!"
Bolin says: "Look, look!"
Mako says: "Okay, calm down, I'm looking."
The shot pulls back to show the airship approaching the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se.
Korra says: "I wonder how many airbenders are down there."
Cut back to the airship approaching the wall. As it gets closer, the sun shines brightly over the top, before revealing the expansive city beyond. The airship finally manages to pass over the wall before the scene cuts to within the Lower Ring as a peasant sleeps against a building while the airship flies above. Cut to an overhead shot of the ring, smoke billowing from several buildings. Cut back to the airship, as Mako, Bolin, and Korra recoil from the smell, the two brothers holding their noses.
Korra says: "Uhh, the Lower Ring looks terrible."
Bolin says: "Yeah, I can smell it from here."
Bolin says: "No wonder Dad left."
Cut to a side shot, as the airship continues to fly over the ring, before making it over the Inner Wall and into the Middle Ring.
Bolin says: "Hello, Middle Ring!"
Cut to another overhead shot of the airship, as it continues over the Middle Ring, before finally making it to the Royal Palace. Cut to Kai and Jinora, looking down in excitement.
Kai says: "Wow."
Kai says: "Now this is more like it."
Cut to the Royal Palace, as the airship begins its descent, landing with a slight cloud of dust. Cut to the ramp as the party exits the airship, welcomed by a well-dressed Earth Kingdom man.
Gun says: "Avatar Korra, Master Tenzin, it is a pleasure to welcome you and your party to the Upper Ring of Ba Sing Se."
Gun says: "I'm Grand Secretariat Gun."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Bolin says: "Aah, it's got that Upper Ring smell."
Gun says: "You'll have to get them out of sight."
Bolin says: "these two are going to be a little tougher."
Gun says: "Come with me, hurry, I'll take you to your quarters."
Scene cuts to a pond, as the party walks over a bridge spanning the water.
Gun says: "Now, when you meet the queen make sure you bow low enough, that's very important, and don't look her in the eye, she can't stand that."
Gun says: "If any food is served, don't eat before she eats."
Gun says: "Well actually, I have to taste her food first, then she eats, then you can eat."
Gun says: "Better yet, just don't eat."
Korra says: "Seems like an awful lot of rules."
Gun says: "Oh, you have no idea."
Gun says: "And I'm the one who gets in trouble when people don't follow them, so please, please for my sake try not to upset Her Majesty."
Cut to Kai, who watches in interest as an Earth Kingdom citizen walks past, festooned with various items of jewelry. With a sly look on his face, he sidles away from the group to go after them. Cut to the party's temporary house.
Gun says: "Here we are."
Bolin says: "Ooh, very swanky."
Cut to the inside of the house, as the members of the group walk off to inspect the various rooms.
Gun says: "Now, go in and make yourselves comfortable,  and keep those animals out of sight in the backyard."
Bolin and Pabu walk off in a huff. Gun begins to exit the house, and Korra follows him.
Gun says: "Avatar Korra, if you'll follow me."
Gun says: "We don't want to keep Her Majesty waiting."
The scene changes to an overhead shot of the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace, before cutting to a side courtyard, where the Earth Queen is supervising an extensive renovation project.
Gun says: "Your Majesty, may I present Avatar Korra."
Korra bows, but the queen, who has her back to them, does not pay them any attention.
Hou-Ting says: "You're ruining the koi pond!"
Hou-Ting says: "It's completely overshadowed by the topiaries!"
Hou-Ting says: "Guards, take that buffoon away and get me someone who knows what they're doing!"
Two Dai Li agents grab the offending worker, and escort him away.
Hou-Ting says: "You, rip everything out and start over!"
The young lady earthbends the ground beneath the topiaries and turns it over, leaving fresh ground in its place.
Hou-Ting says: "I am surrounded by idiots."
Hou-Ting says: "So, I finally get a visit from the Avatar."
Hou-Ting says: "Let me guess, you want something."
Korra says: "Well, actually Your Majesty, I was hoping you could..."
Hou-Ting says: "The United Republic is Earth Kingdom territory!"
Korra says: "Well, I uh, I'm not sure what I can do about that."
Hou-Ting says: "Not that you care, but what's left of my kingdom is falling to ruin."
Hou-Ting says: "Roving bands of barbarians are raiding villages in the countryside."
Hou-Ting says: "And now, some of my subjects are refusing to pay their taxes."
Korra says: "I'm very sorry for your troubles, but actually..."
Hou-Ting says: "not a turtle duck!"
The scene cuts back to Team Avatar's new house, with Mako, Asami, Jinora, and Tenzin congregated around a table.
Jinora says: "Hey, has anyone seen Kai?"
Tenzin says: "Kai?"
Bolin says: "Kai, little bro."
Bumi says: "He's not over here."
Asami says: "I don't think I've seen him since we landed."
Mako says: "I knew that kid was no good."
Mako says: "He was just waiting for an opportunity to run away again."
Jinora says: "We have to find him."
Mako says: "What's the point?"
Mako says: "He obviously doesn't care about us."
Bolin says: "But he's my new little brother."
Bolin says: "He's probably lost, and scared."
Tenzin says: "He is just a little boy, and he's our responsibility."
Tenzin says: "Besides, he's the only airbender we've recruited so far, we can't lose him."
Mako says: "Fine."
Mako says: "Bolin and I will find him."
The scene cuts back to the Earth Queen, who is still shouting orders at her workers.
Hou-Ting says: "No, to your left!"
Hou-Ting says: "Your other left!"
Hou-Ting says: "Do you have these problems with your servants?"
Korra says: "I don't really have servants."
Korra says: "But, Your Majesty, the reason for our visit is that we're trying to gather all of the new airbenders who are popping up in the Earth Kingdom, and we'd like your help finding the ones in Ba Sing Se."
Hou-Ting says: "Airbenders in Ba Sing Se."
Hou-Ting says: "Where did you hear that?"
Korra says: "Before we left Republic City we got some reports."
Hou-Ting says: "Hmm."
Hou-Ting says: "Well, before I even consider helping you, I'll need you to do something for me."
Korra says: "Oh, of course."
Korra says: "What is it?"
Hou-Ting says: "I have a vault full of tax money sitting in a town south of here."
Hou-Ting says: "Barbarians have stolen my past two shipments."
Hou-Ting says: "Go collect my money and bring it back here."
Korra says: "Yes, Your Majesty."
The Earth Queen indicates to Korra and Gun that they should leave, and the latter hurriedly tries to walk the Avatar out. However, she pushes him away, causing him to fall to the ground.
The scene shifts to Bolin and Mako, looking for Kai near a bridge.
Bolin says: "Kai, did you go fishing?"
Bolin says: "You under the bridge?"
Kai airbends at an Upper Ring man; his robes go up for a few seconds before coming back down. His hat also drops. Kai picks up his hat.
Kai says: "Here, sir, let me help you."
Upper-class man says: "Oh, thank you, young man."
Upper-class man says: "What a strange sudden breeze."
Kai says: "Yeah, that was really weird."
Upper-class man says: "Thanks for your help."
Mako says: "Kai!"
Bolin says: "Kai, it's us."
Bolin says: "Mako and Bolin, your new family."
The scene shifts to the street with a rickshaw. Kai turns into a corner, so does Mako. Kai slides underneath a rickshaw, but Mako jumps to the side of the wall and over the rickshaw. Kai does a barrel roll to evade Mako and runs off down an alleyway.
The scene shifts to a monorail station in Ba Sing Se. Kai runs up the stairs to get away from Mako. Kai gets into one part of the monorail while Mako gets into another. As Kai brisked across the monorail, he bumps into Mako and hesitates.
Mako says: "What are you doing running around robbing people?"
Kai says: "I was just practicing my airbending."
Mako says: "Yeah right."
Mako says: "Let's go."
Mako says: "You're in big trouble."
Kai slides out of his top only to leave it in Mako's hand and airbends the two brothers to the other side of the train. Everyone sitting in the monorail looks stunned. Kai runs out of the monorail. Mako and Bolin run to get off but the door closes.
Mako says: "Hey!"
Kai smiles and waves at Mako and Bolin as the train leaves the station.
Mako says: "Your little brother, huh?"
Bolin says: "Yeah..."
Bolin says: "just a lovable little scamp, isn't he?"
Mako says: "Reminds me of my little brother."
Train conductor says: "Designated express line to the lower ring."
Train conductor says: "Next up, Poh Kong Station."
Scene shifts to monorail exiting the Upper Ring wall. Train track sounds created by monorail. Camera shows the side appearance of monorail going through the Upper Ring wall. The monorail arrives at Poh Kong Station, making a hard brake. After the monorail stops, everyone pushed Mako and Bolin out of the monorail.
Mako says: "All right."
Mako says: "Let's see if we can catch a train back to the Upper Ring."
Scene shifts to a woman showing her ticket to the ticket master. The ticket master lets her through. However, Mako and Bolin tries to barge through, but end up getting blocked.
Ticket master says: "Passports and tickets."
Bolin says: "We can pay, hold on."
Ticket master says: "Step aside, beat it you two,  before things get ugly."
Mako stares to the other side, looking at two Dai Li agents. Both of them stare back. Mako stares back at the ticket master and turns around. The next scene shifts to Mako and Bolin walking outside Poh Kong station, at the same time, a train leaves Poh Kong station. The scene shifts to a messed up lower ring street.
Bolin says: "we can go the bathroom wherever we want."
Mako glares at Bolin with a blank stare and Bolin releases his hold on Mako, looking a little dejected.
The scene changes to Future Industries airship leaving the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace. The screen shows Asami piloting the airship.
Asami says: "Are you sure we shouldn't have brought more people to collect the tax money?"
Korra says: "There are royal guards waiting at the vault."
Korra says: "I doubt anything will happen."
Korra says: "I think Her Majesty likes ordering me around."
Scene shifts to a Lower Ring street, showing an ostrich horse going past an alley way, where Mako and Bolin sleeping. Bolin is covered in newspaper and Mako is sleeping next to the trash.
Bolin says: "Ohh man, aww I slipped a disc sleeping here."
Bolin says: "It's been awhile since we spent the night in a trash pile."
Bolin says: "It's about how I remembered."
Mako says: "I bet everyone's freaking out that we've been gone all night."
Bolin says: "I'm worried about Kai; he's just a little kid out there on his own."
Bolin says: "He's probably really scared."
Scene shifts to Kai in bed, ringing a bell. Waiter comes through a door with Kai's breakfast.
Waiter says: "Your breakfast, Master Fong."
Kai says: "I love Ba Sing Se."
Kai reclines and gets back into bed, relaxed.
Scene changes to an overhead view of a neighborhood of Lower Ring houses and zooms in to show a hungry Bolin and Mako walking along the street. Cut to Mako and Bolin walking along the street as the latter holds his stomach.
Bolin says: "Fwoo, I'm getting really hungry."
Bolin says: "I pretend to faint."
Mako says: "I don't want any part of it."
Mako says: "Besides, look at this fruit,  it's disgusting."
Mako says: "We don't want to steal this."
Tu says: "you trying to steal my fruit?"
Mako says: "No, I just said I don't want any of this rotten fruit."
Tu says: "This is the best fruit on the block."
Mako says: "So you want me to steal it?"
Tu says: "Go ahead."
Bolin says: "I'm confused."
Bolin says: "Are we stealing the fruit or not?"
Tu says: "I knew it."
Chow says: "What's going on here?"
Tu says: "Dad, these fruit thieves are insulting our fruit."
Chow says: "Bolin?"
Chow says: "Mako?"
Mako says: "How do you know our names?"
Bolin says: "Yeah, I mean I'm famous so I get that, but how do you know his name?"
Chow says: "You look just like San."
Scene shifts to Zuko's dragon entering the Northern Water Tribe along with Zuko and Tonraq, riding on its back. Zuko's dragon roars. Zuko and Tonraq walks into Desna and Eska's throne room with the twins slouching on their thrones.
Desna says: "Lord Zuko, Uncle, this is a surprise."
Eska says: "Finally something exciting happens."
Eska says: "Ruling the tribe is so tedious."
Zuko says: "Then you should enjoy this."
Zuko says: "We need to check on a secret ice prison in the western tundra."
Desna and Eska, who are standing up now, pull a smile.
Scene shifts to some buildings in the Lower Ring of Ba Sing Se.
Chow says: "Your father sent us a letter years ago with your names, but that was the last we heard from him."
Chow says: "Then we saw your pictures in the sports magazine with your bending team, and Bolin, we love those Nuktuk movers."
Chow says: "They're hilarious!"
Bolin says: "Yeah, they're not really comedies, but uh..."
Tu says: "Yeah, I could probably be a pro-bender or an actor or something if I lived in a mansion in Republic City like you guys."
Tu says: "You don't know what it's like on the streets."
Tu says: "You got to be tough."
Bolin says: "Oh, Mako and I grew up on the streets."
Bolin says: "We were homeless, then we were kinda in a gang, then we lived in a gym..."
Chow says: "Hey everybody!"
Chow says: "Look who's here, San's kids: Mako and Bolin."
Male family member says: "No way."
Female family member says: "Come in."
Male family member #2.
Welcome.
Yin says: "Is it true?"
Yin says: "After all these years?"
Chow says: "Boys, this is your grandmother, Yin."
Yin says: "Aw, it is so wonderful to meet my long lost grandchildren  Where is San and your mother?"
Bolin says: "Wait, you mean you don't know?"
Mako says: "I'm sorry, they were killed when we were little."
Scene shifts to a village in the desert with the Future Industries Airship. Korra and Asami approach a building where the tax money is stored. Korra looks around aimlessly. The villagers hide their faces away.
Korra says: "I don't like the looks of this."
Korra says: "Let's hurry up and get out of here."
Royal Earth Kingdom guard opens the door.
Royal Earth Kingdom guard says: "You here to pick up the tax shipment?"
Korra says: "Go ahead and load it on the airship."
Scene shows four Royal Earth Kingdom guards bringing the tax money into the airship. Suddenly, a red light appears in the sky. The Royal Earth Kingdom guards look up in surprise, so does Korra and Asami. Four motorcycles jump up a ramp, two motorcycles accompanied the truck to the airship. Royal Earth Kingdom guards run away in fear, dropping one sack of gold.
Asami says: "So much for our escorts."
Korra says: "Maybe we should have brought everybody else."
Motorcyclists circle around Korra and Asami, holding spears, clubs, and various other weapons.
Barbarians says: "Woo hoo!"
Gombo says: "Step away from the gold ladies and you won't get hurt."
Korra says: "Sorry to disappoint you, but we're taking this gold back to Ba Sing Se."
Gombo says: "Aww, we love gals with spirit, suit yourself."
Gombo attacks Korra, but she evades all attacks and earthbends him to her left. She subsequently earthbends two motorcyclists, throwing them up in the air. Other motorcyclists try to retreat but Korra earthbends all the motorcycles. One motorcycle charges toward Asami, but she charges back and takes them down. Another motorcyclist charged toward Asami, but Korra earthbends them away from her. Another motorcyclist picks up one of the sack of gold with his spear, but Korra airbends them off their motorcycle. Asami charges to one of the motorcycle. The motorcyclist attempts to attack her with his spear, however, she evades with the backflip and stunned both people on the motorcycle. Gombo gets back up and attacks Korra with several kicks, but Korra earthbends him again. The barbarian leader runs away from Korra.
Gombo says: "Retreat, retreat!"
Gombo says: "You're on the wrong side of this fight, Avatar."
Gombo says: "That gold belongs to the people, not the Queen."
Korra says: "Why do I get the feeling he's right?"
Scene shifts to the Northern Water Tribe secret prison in the Western Tundra. Prison doors are opened by the members of the Order of the White Lotus. A strong blizzard rages on outside.
Eska says: "Why didn't anyone tell us we have a secret prison we could have been throwing people in?"
Desna says: "I'd like to put my tailor in here."
Desna says: "He never gets my cuffs right."
Desna says: "They're so..."
Desna says: "crease-y."
Lift comes up, fence gate opens as Zuko and the group walk toward it. The lift is going down to P'Li's prison cell.
Zuko says: "We built this place secretly with your father to hold a very special prisoner."
Zuko says: "She's a powerful firebender named P'Li who can create explosions with her mind."
Zuko says: "Ironically, I hired a guy with a similar ability to kill the Avatar myself once."
Zuko says: "Didn't work."
Eska says: "after she ruined my wedding."
Eska says: "It happens."
Tonraq says: "Let's just focus on keeping this woman in prison."
When the door of the lift opens, basking the foursome in light, Tonraq is the first to walk out. An overview shot reveals the foursome exiting the elevator and as the scene slowly pans up, a deep chasm comes into view with a prison, guarded by two White Lotus members, on the other side. Cut to another overview shot as the foursome stands at the front of an expandable metal bridge that is slowly being extended to the other side.
Zuko says: "The intense cold prevents her from firebending."
Desna says: "There's certainly no way anyone's breaking out of here."
Zuko says: "That's what we thought about the other three prisons."
P'Li says: "."
P'Li says: "No one interesting has visited me in thirteen years."
Tonraq says: "Don't get used to it."
P'Li says: "He's out, isn't he?"
P'Li says: "Mmm, I'm feeling warmer already."
Scene shifts back to Mako and Bolin's family's house. Everyone is grouped around the table with, eating.
Bolin says: "This is so great!"
Bolin says: "We never had a family before."
Bolin says: "Now we've got one, two, five..."
Bolin says: "eleven..."
Bolin says: "..."
Bolin says: "a big family!"
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Mako says: "So why did Dad leave Ba Sing Se?"
Chow says: "Oh, he always had big dreams."
Chow says: "He couldn't wait to get out and see the world."
Chow says: "Your grandfather thought it was ridiculous."
Chow says: "He wanted San to stay home and work the fruit stand."
Chow says: "But San was determined to leave, and they had a huge fight."
Chow says: "Oh, um..."
Chow says: "sorry, Mom."
Yin says: "Come with me."
Yin says: "I have something to show you."
Scene cuts to outside of the building. Through the window Yin, Mako, and Bolin can be seen seated on a sofa.
Bolin says: "Look, Mako!"
Bolin says: "Dad's wearing your scarf!"
Mako says: "I'm sure they would want you to have this."
Yin smiles and hugs Mako. Bolin joins in.
Scene shifts to the Earth Kingdom Royal Palace with Korra, Gun, and Hou-Ting.
Gun says: "Your Majesty."
Gun says: "The Avatar has returned with the tax payments."
Hou-Ting says: "Finally."
Hou-Ting says: "Secure it in the vault."
Gun says: "It's being done as we speak."
Korra says: "So now, Your Majesty, if I could start meeting some of the airbenders here in the city."
Hou-Ting says: "The Dai Li thoroughly searched the city, but it seems your reports were incorrect."
Hou-Ting says: "There are no airbenders in Ba Sing Se."
Hou-Ting says: "So, you can gather your little band and be on your way tomorrow."
Korra says: "You make me do your dirty work extorting your own citizens for your stupid palaces and topiaries and then you just want to send me away?"
Korra says: "We're not going anywhere until we find some airbenders!"
Korra says: "We know there are some here!"
Hou-Ting says: "Get her out of my sight!"
Korra and Gun start to walk away, but Korra turns back and points at the Earth Queen, inadvertently knocking Gun down.
Korra says: "This isn't over!"
Korra says: "I'm going to find the airbenders!"
Korra walks out. Scene shifts back to Mako and Bolin at their family's home.
Chow says: "You know, San would've been so proud of you guys!"
Chow says: "Traveling the world with the Avatar?"
Chow says: "He would've loved that!"
Mako says: "We actually need to get back to the Avatar in the Upper Ring."
Mako says: "We're supposed to be helping her find airbenders in Ba Sing Se."
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "What happened?"
Chow says: "One of our neighbors started airbending about a week ago."
Chow says: "A couple days later, two Dai Li agents come out of nowhere and snatch him up."
Chow says: "No one's seen him since."
Tu says: "They say the Earth Queen's locking all the airbenders up somewhere, and using them for experiments."
Yin says: "Tu!"
Yin says: "Don't talk like that about Her Majesty!"
Yin says: "Long may she reign."
Bolin says: "I hope Kai is okay."
Scene shifts to a street where a nobleman is walking, and a gush of air suddenly knocks his hat to the ground.
Kai says: "Here, sir, let me help you."
Kai turns a corner and walks down a dark alley, holding a bag of gold, with a sly smile on his face. His eyes widen, as he sees a Dai Li agent standing at the end of the alley. Cut to shot of nervous-looking Kai with beads of sweat on his forehead, as he turn back around and sees another Dai Li agent blocking the path back. Runs to the right and out of view, as both Dai agents fire rock gloves to stop Kai from climbing over a door and escaping, trapping him.
Kai says: "Hey!"
Kai says: "What's going on?"
Kai says: "I didn't do anything!"
Kai says: "I'm with the Avatar."
Screen fades to black before revealing a rocky surface onto which Kai, who is now wearing different attire, is thrown. He glares at the two agents who have thrown him in. One of them starts to speak, as a bunch of people are seen sitting around the prison.
Dai Li agent says: "Welcome to Her Majesty's army, First Airbending Regiment."
Dai Li agent says: "From now on, you live to fight for the Earth Queen."
Cut to show Kai's anxious, shocked face, the light on which gets darker as the prison door closes. Fade to credits.