The final shot of the narration, a shot of Central City Station with a large crowd around the entrance, switches from black and white to color as the narration ends.
Raiko says: "And thanks to our updated rail system, Republic City and the Earth Kingdom will be united like never before!"
The crowd applauds as Raiko and Asami cut the ribbon to ceremoniously open the new station. Fade to a shot of Asami talking to a reporter, who is being approached by Prince Wu.
Wu says: "Hey there!"
Wu says: "Asami, right?"
Wu says: "Great train house."
Wu says: "Maybe you can give me a personal tour sometime, what do you say?"
Asami says: "I do like the idea of putting you on a train and sending you far, far away."
Wu says: "That's..."
Wu says: "that's funny."
Wu says: "I like funny dames."
Wu says: "Maybe I should introduce myself."
Wu says: "I'm Prince Wu, future king."
Asami says: "Yeah..."
Asami says: "I'm aware of who you are."
Wu says: "Don't let my reputation intimidate you."
Wu says: "I'm still human just like everyone else."
Wu says: "Only more human, like, extra human, or, hmm, superhuman."
Asami says: "Superhuman?"
Wu says: "So, what do you say?"
Wu says: "Can I show you a low-key night out with a superhuman soon-to-be king?"
He wiggles his eyebrows, with Asami giving him an even weirder look. Mako interrupts them.
Mako says: "Prince Wu!"
Mako says: "President Raiko has some really important..."
Mako says: "king stuff to talk to you about."
Mako says: "He's a real charmer, huh?"
Asami says: "He's..."
Asami says: "something."
Asami says: "How can you stand being his bodyguard?"
Mako says: "Well, I just remind myself that once he's on the throne, I go back to being a detective."
Asami says: "And that works?"
Mako says: "I also go home, and smash my head into the wall for an hour, you know, just to get the stress out."
Asami says: "It's good to see you, Mako."
Asami says: "It's been too long."
Asami says: "You hear from Bolin lately?"
Mako says: "I haven't talked to him for a while, but he's coming in a few days for the coronation."
Mako says: "And Beifong told me that Korra is getting in tonight."
Asami says: "I can't wait to see her."
Asami says: "It's going to be weird, having the old Team Avatar back in the city after all these years."
Cut to Tenzin, Prince Wu, President Raiko and Lin Beifong.
Tenzin says: "After your coronation, the United Forces will escort you to Ba Sing Se."
Wu says: "Right."
Wu says: "About that."
Wu says: "Are we all positive that the Earth Kingdom is safe enough for me to return?"
Wu says: "I don't have to remind everyone what happened to my great-aunt three years ago?!"
Wu says: "!"
Wu says: "May she rest in peace."
Raiko says: "Prince Wu, I assure you, Kuvira has the Earth Kingdom pretty much stabilized at this point."
Wu says: "Uh..."
Wu says: "define "pretty much"."
Tenzin says: "Well, the roving bandits have mostly been dispersed."
Wu says: "Mostly?"
Lin says: "Don't worry kid."
Lin says: "The chances of you being assassinated are almost zero."
Wu says: "Almost?"
A small village of the State of Yi in the Earth Kingdom is shown. A villager is seen sweeping the street when a jeep nearly runs him down. After it stops, three bandits jump out and walk into a shop.
Shopkeeper says: "Get out of here!"
Shopkeeper says: "We don't have anything left."
One of the bandits earthbends a fissure toward the counter, destroying it and revealing several hidden sacks of goods. The bandits take them.
Bandit #1.
Now you don't have anything left.
They proceed to load the stolen stuff into their jeep. Hearing a noise, they look up to see Lefty grumbling far above them. Opal and Kai, who are standing on his back wearing wingsuits, jump down to engage them. The bandits gasp and make a run for it, but they are quickly overtaken by the airbenders. Kai blasts air at the front of the jeep, stopping it in its tracks and launching the bandits out. Opal catches them with a gust of air, and the airbenders tie the bandits up.
Kai says: "It's safe to come out, everyone!"
Kai says: "The airbenders are here."
The governor comes running out of a building toward Opal and Kai.
Governor says: "You finally made it!"
Governor says: "So where are the rest of you?"
Opal says: "Actually, it's just the two of us, but we're going to do everything we can to help."
Opal says: "I'm Opal, and this is Kai."
Kai says: "It's nice to meet you."
Governor says: "What?"
Governor says: "I called Master Tenzin because my state has been under siege by bandits for months."
Governor says: "They blocked all the roads, cut off our supply lines, and all he sent is you two kids?"
Kai says: "Hey, us two kids just took care of those three guys for you."
Governor says: "There are hundreds more where they came from."
Governor says: "My citizens are going hungry."
Governor says: "Our entire state is on the brink of collapse."
Opal says: "Unfortunately, the Air Nation is spread thin right now."
Opal says: "We're all you have."
Governor lets his head hang in disappointment. Cut to a train riding a maglev rail. It makes two turns before heading into a mountain range.
Bolin says: "We just got some good news."
Bolin says: "Two more Earth Kingdom states have agreed to join us."
Baatar Jr.
Excellent! Thank you, Bolin. Takes a folder from Bolin and turns to Kuvira, who is looking at a map. We're ninety percent there, Kuvira.
Varrick says: "That's great!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li, dish out some of that special celebration tea!"
Zhu Li salutes Varrick and goes off to get the tea. Kuvira metalbends two cutouts of states onto the map in front of her. Zhu Li offers her tea.
Kuvira says: "None for me."
Kuvira says: "I won't celebrate until the Earth Kingdom is one hundred percent reunited."
The others all put their cups back onto their saucers, and Bolin spits his tea back into his cup. The train makes a sudden stop and everyone staggers, spilling their tea onto their clothes. Kuvira stays perfectly still, despite facing backward. She only moves when the train comes to a dead stop. As the others try to mop the tea out of their clothes, the driver walks up to Kuvira and salutes her.
Kuvira says: "Why have we stopped?"
Driver says: "Apologies."
Driver says: "There are rocks on the tracks."
Driver says: "It's most likely bandits."
Driver says: "We're sending troops to handle the situation."
Kuvira says: "Call them off."
Kuvira says: "I will take care of the bandits myself."
Cut to a wide shot of the train, showing a pile of rocks in front of it. Kuvira climbs to the top of one of the carts and waits. She spots the bandits on the crest of the ridge to her left. They jump down, surfing on rocks while also earthbending boulders at Kuvira, who effortlessly dodges them and starts shooting slabs of metal at them, which she uses to either blind the bandits or bind their limbs together. After easily defeating every bandit, she metalbends their bonds further to pile them together. Cut to all of the bandits blinded with a slab of metal and attached to the maglev rail by their wrist bonds. Kuvira removes all of their blindfolds and bends them back into her backpack.
Female bandit #1.
You're ... Kuvira.
Kuvira says: "And you're the bandits who have been causing chaos where I'm trying to establish order, aren't you?"
Female bandit #1.
Nearly crying. We're sorry, we didn't know this was your train and ...
Kuvira bends a metal band over her mouth, silencing her.
Male bandit #1.
Please, take mercy on us!
Kuvira says: "Stop groveling as if this is the worst day of your life."
Kuvira says: "This..."
Kuvira says: "is a good day."
Kuvira says: "I'm going to give you all the opportunity to rehabilitate yourselves, and become productive members of your nation."
Kuvira says: "Right now, you're lost, but pledge your loyalty to me, and I'll give you a new purpose in your lives."
Kuvira says: "Of course, if you don't want to join, you could always stay right here."
Kuvira says: "Hopefully, someone saves you before the next train speeds through, but I wouldn't count on it."
Male bandit #1.
No, we'll join. Don't leave us here.
Female bandit #1.
We pledge our loyalty to you, Great Uniter.
Shot focuses on Kuvira again, who smiles out of the bandits' view. Fade to a hotel in Republic City with jazzy music playing in the background. Outside, there is a small crowd. Inside, two men open up the door for Prince Wu and Mako. Wu is spinning his cane around his arm, before casually catching it.
Mako says: "I don't know why we're leaving so early if you're just getting a haircut."
Mako says: "The dinner at Air Temple Island isn't until later tonight."
Wu says: "Because I'm not just getting a haircut, it's a spa day!"
Wu says: "We're talking minimum four hours."
Mako says: "Are you kidding me?"
Mako says: "What are you having done that takes four hours?"
Wu says: "A rejuvenating tea-leaf skin wrap."
Wu says: "Have you ever gotten one of those, Mako?"
Mako says: "Yeah, I'm..."
Mako says: "not interested."
Wu says: "So while your hands soak in a bubbling milk-bath, your feet are in a tub full of these little sucker-fish that literally eat your calluses away."
Wu says: "Gobble them right up!"
Wu says: "Crazy, huh?"
Mako says: "That's disgusting!"
Wu says: "Then, they scrape your skin with blocks of sea-salt and lube you up with seaweed-infused aloe, wrap you in tea leaves, put you in a hot box for four hours, and bam!"
Wu says: "You're done!"
Wu says: "Mako, look at all my fans!"
Wu says: "They must be in town for my coronation."
Mako says: "I don't know if all those people are your fans."
Two more men open the doors for them as they walk outside. Wu does some poses for the cameraman waiting for him, while he goes up to two of his fans and takes a picture with them. Mako sees a few shady figures approaching, all with a hand behind their backs.
Mako says: "Go!"
Mako says: "Go!"
The limousine takes off while another pie hits it.
Wu says: "What just happened out there?"
Mako says: "I think those were Kuvira's supporters in the crowd."
Wu says: "Oh no!"
Wu says: "Mako, I've been hit!"
Wu says: "It's a gusher!"
Mako says: "That's not blood."
Mako says: "It's strawberry pie."
Wu says: "But that was close."
Wu says: "I don't know what would have happened if you weren't there."
Mako says: "You would have been hit by a pie."
Mako says: "It's really not that big of a deal."
Wu says: "Or I could have been killed!"
Wu says: "I don't know what I'd ever do without you!"
Wu says: "Wait a second."
Wu says: "Did you say strawberry pie?"
Wu says: "I don't think I can breathe!"
Wu says: "Get me to the hospital!"
Wu says: "Wu down!"
Mako says: "You're allergic to bee stings!"
Wu says: "I always get those two mixed up."
Cut to a scene of Kai and Opal feeding Lefty, as a train blares its horn in the distance.
Kai says: "Look!"
Kai says: "A train made it through!"
Opal says: "Maybe they brought food and supplies!"
Cut to the town, where a large crowd has gathered on the platform. Kai and Opal make it to the front, just as the doors open and Kuvira's men exit the train, with Bolin being one of them.
Kai says: "Hey, what's your boyfriend doing here?"
Opal says: "If he's here, he must be with Kuvira and my brother."
Opal says: "This isn't going to be good."
Kai says: "Bolin!"
Bolin says: "Wow, you are a lot heavier than you used to be."
Bolin says: "You're really growing up."
Kai says: "What's up with your new hair?"
Kai says: "You look like a stiff."
Bolin says: "Hey, Kuvira says it makes me look intelligent and professional."
Opal says: "Don't believe everything she says."
Bolin says: "Opal, I can't believe you're here too!"
Bolin says: "I missed you so much."
Opal says: "I missed you too."
Baatar Jr.
Look who it is. It's good to see you again, little sister.
Kuvira says: "What a wonderful surprise."
Kuvira says: "A happy reunion for my favorite couple."
Baatar Jr.
Inquisitively and cordially. How's Mom doing?
Opal says: "Like you care."
Opal says: "She still hasn't forgiven you."
Baatar Jr.
You know, for someone who claims to be so enlightened, Mom can really hold a grudge.
Opal says: "I guess when her son betrays her..."
Kuvira says: "Please, Opal, we're not here to bicker with you about something that happened three years ago."
Kuvira says: "We're here to help this town, just like you."
Opal says: "I've heard how you help towns."
Opal says: "By conquering them."
Kuvira says: "I know the rumors about me can be pretty nasty, but I am giving everyone in this nation a better future."
Kuvira says: "And with Bolin's help, and my fiancé's ideas, we're laying the ground work for the people to achieve their own greatness."
Opal says: "Your fiancé?"
Kuvira says: "You haven't heard?"
Kuvira says: "Your brother and I are getting married."
Bolin says: "Isn't that great, sweetie?"
Kai slides away as Kuvira walks up to Opal and puts a hand on her shoulder.
Kuvira says: "I know things got heated with your family when Baatar and I left Zaofu, but don't you think it's time to forgive and forget?"
Governor interrupts them. What are you doing here? Shot cuts to him standing in front of his people.
Kuvira says: "Hello, governor."
Kuvira says: "I was wondering if you and I could talk privately."
A brief exterior shot of the train is shown, before it cuts to the inside, where the governor is sitting at a table and Kuvira is looking out the window.
Kuvira says: "So, have you had time to rethink my generous offer?"
Governor says: "Generous?"
Governor says: "You want to take everything."
Governor says: "How is that generous?"
Kuvira says: "Governor, your state has been overrun by bandits."
Kuvira says: "They have you outnumbered and outsupplied."
Kuvira says: "The question's not if they'll take over; it's when."
Kuvira says: "Unless you sign our deal."
Kuvira says: "Agree to the terms, and you'll have the full force of my army backing you."
Kuvira says: "You will remain in charge, just under my supervision."
Kuvira says: "I will save your life, and the lives of your citizens."
Kuvira says: "I think that's pretty generous."
Governor says: "They might call you "The Great Uniter", but you're destroying everything!"
Governor says: "I'll never turn the great state of Yi over to you!"
Kuvira says: "Your pride will not stop the hordes as your city crumbles to the ground."
Kuvira says: "And your pride will certainly not feed your hungry when all that is left is rubble!"
Governor says: "Leave!"
Governor says: "Get out of my state!"
Kuvira says: "You will perish, unless you take my generous offer."
Cut to the exterior of the train. The small group outside the train door watches as the governor storms off in a rage. As they watch him go, Kuvira appears at the door.
Kuvira says: "It's time to go."
Kuvira says: "We're not wanted here."
Bolin says: "What happened?"
Kuvira says: "It appears we can't make a deal right now."
Kai says: "Wait!"
Kai says: "Aren't you guys going to stick around and help?"
Bolin says: "I guess..."
Bolin says: "I got to go."
Opal says: "Don't!"
Opal says: "Please, you can't turn your back on these people!"
Bolin says: "I'm not!"
Bolin says: "I wanna help, but if the Governor wants us gone, there's..."
Bolin says: "there's nothing I can do."
Bolin says: "I'm sorry."
Bolin says: "Hey..."
Bolin says: "Opal, please."
Bolin sighs in disappointment, before walking inside with the rest of Kuvira's men.
Kai says: "You know, we might not need their help after all."
Kai says: "The roads may be impassable, but not the skies."
Kai says: "We can use Lefty to fly to all the nearby villages, pick up supplies, and fly back."
Opal says: "You're right."
Opal says: "We can save this town ourselves."
An overhead shot of Kai and Opal next to the departing train cuts to a farm with a couple of hippo cows chewing on hay. The shot cuts to a wide shot, showing Opal and Kai talking to a farmer, with a big pile of supplies on Lefty's back.
Farmer says: "Sorry we couldn't give you more."
Farmer says: "That's all we could spare."
Opal says: "Every little bit helps."
Opal says: "Because of you and the other farmers around here, we have more than enough food to feed the town until we can get some reinforcements."
Kai says: "Thanks!"
A far shot of the farm shows Lefty taking off.
Kai says: "So..."
Kai says: "you and Bolin doing okay?"
Opal says: "I don't know."
Opal says: "It's really tough having a long distance relationship."
Opal says: "And I can't stand that he's working with Kuvira."
Kai says: "I can tell."
Kai says: "But it does seem like he found his calling, doesn't it?"
Kai says: "He loves helping people."
Opal says: "Maybe."
Opal says: "It's just..."
Opal says: "he's changed a lot since he's been around her."
Kai says: "He's growing up."
Opal says: "I just hope we're not growing apart."
Opal says: "Speaking of long-distance relationships, how are you and Jinora doing?"
Kai says: "Actually, we're doing fine."
Kai says: "You hear that?"
A biplane emerges from a cloud below them.
Kai says: "It's more bandits!"
A bandit sitting on the wing fires a grappling hook, which catches the net of supplies in the back. Lefty struggles as the plane pulls on the net, tensing the line.
Kai says: "We're hooked!"
The bandit ziplines over onto Lefty, while the airbenders try to blast him away with little success. He lands, unfolds a double-bladed sword, and starts cutting the tethers holding down the supplies. Kai manages to land a blow, causing the bandit to lose his balance, leaving him holding onto only the net. A second air blast from Kai's feet connects also, and the bandit falls completely off Lefty's back, although his tether saves him. He swings around Lefty and lands on the other side of the supplies, where he begins attacking Kai again. As they battle, the bandit cuts the last tether, dodges Kai's next air blast, and manages to cut through Kai's wingsuit before the plane pulls the supplies away.
Kai says: "No!"
As the bandits' plane veers to the left and out of sight, Kai tries to unfold his wingsuit as he falls, discovering that his right wing is sliced through. He spirals out of control toward the ground. Opal sees this and jumps after him, as her wingsuit is still intact. She catches Kai by the arm, and together they form a larger, stable wing. Lefty catches up with them and they gently land on the back of the beast. Cut to the town, where Lefty lands, the airbenders climbing down in front of the eagerly waiting people.
Governor says: "What happened?"
Governor says: "Where's all the food?"
Opal says: "We were attacked in mid-air."
Opal says: "We lost everything."
Kai says: "It might be time to make a tough call."
The Governor looks over his people, who all look miserable. Seeing no other option, he takes the contract and signs it, handing it back to Kai.
Governor says: "Here."
Governor says: "Tell Kuvira to save my people."
Kai says: "For what it's worth, I think you made the right decision."
Governor says: "Did I ever really have a choice?"
A shot of Kai cuts to Air Temple Island at sunset says: "Raiko, his wife and Prince Wu; Lin and Mako standing guard and Asami with Tenzin's family."
then to the dining area. Inside it says: "Raiko, his wife and Prince Wu; Lin and Mako standing guard and Asami with Tenzin's family."
three groups have formed says: "Raiko, his wife and Prince Wu; Lin and Mako standing guard and Asami with Tenzin's family."
Meelo says: "When Korra gets here, I bet she's not even going to know who I am."
Ikki says: "Why is that?"
Meelo says: "Because Meelo the boy  has turned into Meelo the man!"
The background changes to one of a dragon and platypus bear, their attires satirizing fighting games. Meelo strikes a "tough guy" pose.
Ikki says: "Right."
Ikki says: "You're completely unrecognizable."
Cut to Prince Wu, Raiko and Buttercup.
Wu says: "You've never had the tea leaf wrap?"
Wu says: "You have no idea what you're missing."
Wu says: "The face massage alone is to die for."
Cut to Lin and Mako.
Mako says: "Ugh."
Mako says: "This coronation cannot come soon enough."
Mako says: "I can't wait to go back to being a detective."
Lin says: "Right..."
Lin says: "umm..."
Lin says: "yeah, about that..."
Mako says: "What?"
Lin says: "I don't know how to tell you this..."
Lin says: "you're going to Ba Sing Se..."
Lin says: "with the prince."
Mako says: "No!"
Lin says: "I tried to get you out of it, but it's over my head."
Lin says: "Wu personally asked Raiko."
Lin says: "He says he doesn't know what he'd do without you."
Mako says: "This can't be happening!"
Mako says: "I'm not even an Earth Kingdom citizen; I work for the Republic City Police Department."
Lin says: "Not anymore."
Lin says: "You're just a pawn in Raiko's diplomatic game."
Lin says: "You can try talking to him, but I don't think he's going to let you quit."
An Air Acolyte walks in.
Acolyte says: "There's a Southern Water Tribe ship pulling up to the dock!"
Children says: "Korra!"
They run off, the scene cutting briefly to Tenzin as a smile breaks across his face. Cut back to the village in Yi, where Kuvira's forces have occupied the town. A line of soldiers with metal helmets and faceplates march in. A door in the side of the train opens up, and bipedal mecha tanks exit through the opening. Kuvira's men are handing out food packages to the citizens; one of them gives a little boy an apple. The boy bites into it and smiles up at the man. Other children are playing on one of the mecha tanks. Bolin is handing out food from one of the jeeps. Kuvira steps forward and addresses the gathered crowd.
Kuvira says: "The State of Yi is now under the full protection of my army."
Kuvira says: "Proclaim your loyalty, if you wish to keep your post."
Governor says: "I pledge my loyalty to you, oh Great Uniter."
A banner drops from the gate in front of the town, revealing the logo of Kuvira's army. Opal, watching from the crowd, has a disappointed look on her face, and she looks at Bolin, who spots her in the crowd, excited. She turns away in shame at his perceived betrayal, much to Bolin's disappointment. He continues handing out food packets, though halfheartedly. Cut to the dock at Air Temple Island, where Naga and Tonraq disembark from their ship.
Tenzin says: "Tonraq."
Tenzin says: "It's good to have you back in the city."
Tenzin says: "And everyone is excited to see the Avatar again."
Tonraq says: "What do you mean?"
Tonraq says: "Isn't Korra already here?"
Tenzin says: "No, we thought she was coming with you."
Tonraq says: "Korra left the South Pole six months ago."
Tonraq says: "She's written me letters."
Tonraq says: "She said she was here in Republic City."
Tenzin says: "I assure you, your daughter is not here."
Tonraq says: "Then where is she?"
Cut to a small arena somewhere in the Earth Kingdom. Korra is engaging an earthbender in a cage fight. She is struck several times by flying stones and knocked backward off her feet.
Korra says: "Is that all you got?"
Her opponent keeps attacking her and an agitated Korra attempts to strike back with little success. After an intense exchange of earthbending between the two, the earthbender battling Korra launches herself to the top of the wall and bends a rock Korra shot at her straight back, sending her tumbling into the far wall. For a moment, Korra struggles to rise before collapsing to the ground, unable to get back up. The triumphant earthbender raises her arms victoriously as the crowd above cheers.
Announcer says: "We have a winner!"
Cut to a far shot of the arena as the bell rings. The scene fades to later on; the crowd is gone and Korra is sitting in the stands, taking the wrappings off her wrists. The announcer walks up to her.
Announcer says: "Here."
Announcer says: "For your lackluster participation."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Announcer says: "You know, you look very familiar."
Announcer says: "Yeah, you..."
Announcer says: "you kind of look like that Avatar girl!"
Scene cuts to an overhead shot of Korra walking away from the announcer around the rim of the ring, while the announcer watches her leave.
Announcer says: "Whatever happened to her anyway?"
Korra says: "I wouldn't know."
Roll credits.