The episode opens to an upward shot of the moving sky and the top of the trees. Cut to a facial shot of Korra, her tired eyes half-lidded and the shadows of the trees passing over her face. Switch to a far off shot of three members of the Bhanti, two of them carrying a stretcher, running toward the Bhanti Village Temple. Cut to a backshot of an old woman inside the temple who turns around. Switch to a shot from over her shoulder, revealing the three tribesmen entering the temple.
Female Sage says: "We found the Avatar washed up onshore, but she doesn't remember anything."
Male Sages put Korra on the table.
Korra says: "Raava."
Korra says: "Raava."
Korra says: "Raava."
Shaman says: "Let the waters cleanse the darkness that plagues your spirit."
Cut to a wider shot of the cavern below, constructed by hexagonal rock formations. As Korra is lowered down, the camera follows her. The large pool of water is lit with light shining up from below. Cut to a shot from underneath the water as Korra touches the surface, the hammock keeping her face above water. Cut to a close-up of Korra and zoom in to an extreme close-up. In the water, the camera zooms in to a close-up of Korra's eyes. As she opens them, she is in a dreamworld, surrounded by a purple light. She is looking at her own image, engulfed in a blue light.
Korra says: "Who are you?"
Korra's image says: "I am you."
Korra says: "Who am I?"
Aang's image says: "You are the Avatar."
Korra says: "I don't know what that is."
Roku's image says: "In order to remember, you must regain your connection with your Avatar Spirit."
Kyoshi's image says: "If you don't, darkness will engulf the world."
Kyoshi's image says: "You will die, and our era will end."
Korra says: "How do I regain my connection?"
Korra says: "Are you Raava?"
Wan's image says: "No, but I can help you find her."
Wan's image says: "My name is Wan, and I will show you how I became the first Avatar."
The scene transitions as the shot stays on a close up of Wan that becomes clearer. The background fades into a street and Wan is now running with a confident grin and a bag in his hand. Side-shot of three very similar looking brothers, one short, one medium sized, and one tall, each holding a guan dao glaive of a matching size as they chase after Wan.
Little Chou says: "Nobody steals from the Chou brothers!"
Wan says: "Really?"
Wan says: "Because I just did."
Big Chou says: "You're dead, Wan."
Wan says: "Actually, I feel quite alive."
The Chou Brothers run up to the railing. Cut to a side-shot of a house. Wan drops in from above, face first, and grabs hold of a clothesline, which breaks his fall and swings him back up. Wan hides in an alcove as the Chou Brothers come crashing down screaming, tearing all the clotheslines down with them. Cut to the ground on which the three brothers land hard, a sheet floating down upon them. Wan lands on them to cushion his fall and runs away. Cut to a frontal shot of Wan running, a grin plastered on his face. Switch to a side-shot as Wan runs over a bridge, scaring a flock of birds in the process to take flight. The Chou Brothers run onto the bridge after him.
Little Chou says: "Hey, stop!"
The birds drop droppings on the Chous, causing them to slide to a halt. Cut to a closer side-shot. The brothers, only their mouths uncovered, stare angrily to their side, toward the camera.
Cut to a shot of Wan dropping down on a roof. He jumps toward a wooden bar, around which he turns and somersaults off on the next roof. He runs it down, jumps on a lower located roof on which he tumbles. He jumps again to another roof, but starts to slow down to a walk. Cut to a downward angle of a balcony as Wan slides down the roof tiles of a last house and lands on the balcony. Cut to a closer shot on ground level as he sits down and rummages through the bag with his left hand, his tongue sticking out in anticipation. He pulls out a roll, but just as he is about to take a bite from it, Big Chou lands in front of the camera, and it zooms out from between his legs. Cut to a shot of Big Chou as his two brothers appear from behind him and it zooms out.
Little Chou says: "I told you no one steals from us."
Big Chou takes Wan by the collar and easily lifts him in the air with one hand while glaring at him. Wan nervously laughs at him. Cut to a side-shot as a screaming Wan flies by, having been thrown off the wall. He disappears behind a tree. Cut to a side-shot of a pigsty. Wan comes flying in and lands in the mud, rousing the interest of a nearby standing moo-sow. He sits erect, disgustedly wiping the mud out of his face. Disheartedly, he looks to his right where the animal is sniffing at him.
Cut to an overview shot of the entire city slowly panning down. A tree house is visible among the tree branches of the surrounding forest. Cut to a closer shot of the city's houses panning down to the forest and eventually the tree house as Wan enters it. Switch to a view from the inside out, revealing a young man sitting on the ground on the left, watching Wan climb through the door.
Jaya says: "Did you steal from the Chous again?"
Yao says: "Mmm."
Yao says: "Delicious!"
Yao says: "Thank you, Wan."
Cut to the previous shot with Jaya as two skunk squirrels, a peacock pigeon, and a woodpecker lizard enter the house as Wan sits down in front of them. Cut to a shot of the animals from over Wan's shoulder as they all look at him and his roll.
Wan says: "You guys are hungry too, huh?"
Jaya says: "Wan, you should eat."
Wan says: "If only there was some way to get into the Chous' food cellar."
Wan says: "We'd be eating like, well, like Chous."
Jaya says: "If Chou the Elder catches you sneaking into his palace, you'll end up dead."
Jaya says: "Or worse, he'll banish you to the Spirit Wilds."
Yao says: "No, don't get banished."
Jaya says: "Don't do anything crazy, Wan."
Jaya says: "You just gotta accept the world is the way it is."
Jaya says: "Some people have power."
Jaya says: "Some people don't."
Jaya says: "And you don't."
Wan says: "Not yet, anyway."
Cut to a partly aerial shot of the city square.
Huntsman says: "Are you strong?"
Huntsman says: "Are you fearless?"
Huntsman says: "Do you have what it takes to battle the spirits?"
Huntsman says: "Then join the hunt."
Wan says: "Count me in."
Huntsman says: "We're going to be out in the wilds for a week."
Huntsman says: "You wouldn't last two seconds."
Wan says: "We all get fire, right?"
Huntsman says: "Yeah, but do you know how to use it?"
Hunter #2.
Walks into the frame and puts a hand on Wan's shoulder. Ah, let him come. Not like we got any other volunteers lining up. Cut back to the huntsman.
Huntsman says: "All right."
Huntsman says: "Welcome to the hunt."
Cut to outside the city. Cut to a extreme wide shot of the city. The hunting party is walking up to the lion turtle. At a cliff, they stop, and the huntsman blows on his horn. The lion turtle emerges upon hearing the call.
Wan says: "The lion turtle."
Huntsman says: "Great guardian of our city, we are venturing into the Spirit Wilds to bring back food for our people."
Huntsman says: "Please, grant us the power of fire."
Lion turtle says: "The power is yours to keep until your return."
Huntsman says: "You're first, kid."
Lion turtle says: "May the element of fire protect you against the spirits."
Wan tests out his newly-received ability by punching in front of him. The blast he creates sends him tumbling backward. He comes to a stop among the other hunters while the head huntsman steps forward.
Huntsman says: "Just make sure you aim at the spirits, not us, okay?"
Wan says: "Sure thing."
Huntsman says: "Everyone, stay close."
Huntsman says: "Spirits love to pick off stragglers."
Wan says: "Uh, guys?"
Wan says: "I don't think I can do this."
Huntsman says: "Now, quit your whining."
Huntsman says: "We haven't even seen a spirit yet."
Wan says: "I think I wanna go home."
Huntsman says: "and don't ever show your face around me again."
Cut to a frontal shot of a sad-looking Wan with the hunting party leaving behind him. He looks after them over his shoulder, though as he faces forward again, the camera pans to the right with him and his frown shifts into a smirk. He walks away while slightly raising his right fist in confidence.
Scene cuts to a high angle shot of the tree house as Wan returns. A side-shot of the inside of the tree house where Jaya was playing Pai Sho with Yao.
Jaya says: "Wan, you're back."
Yao says: "What goodies did you snatch for us this time?"
Cut to a front shot of Wan demonstrating his ability to firebend by extending his hand, causing a small flame to appear in his palm much to Jaya's surprise. Cut to a shot from Wan's point of views. Yao yelps in shock and crouches back into a corner, shielding himself. Wan closes his palm, extinguishing the flame.
Jaya says: "What did you do?"
Jaya says: "You can't steal from the lion turtle."
Cut to a frontal shot of the city at night. The camera pans down to find Wan and his friends as they make their way to the Chou estate.
Jaya says: "You know it's forbidden to bring the power of the element into the city."
Jaya says: "Please, go back to the lion turtle and return the fire."
Wan says: "Jaya, it's time to stop being so afraid of the Chous and show them we have the power to change things."
He takes out his mask from his bag and put it on. He turns to leave. The rest of the group follow his example, though their masks are all the same, save for Jaya's. Cut to a shot of the Chou family's palace, the group having gathered before its gates. The camera zooms in a bit and switches to a side-shot of the group as Wan steps forward.
Wan says: "Hey, Chous!"
Wan says: "Open the gate, and let us in."
Cut to a side-shot of the balcony with Chou the Elder walking toward the railing, his three sons in tow. He stops and looks down.
Chou the Elder says: "What are those filthy peasants  doing here?"
Big Chou says: "Don't worry father."
Big Chou says: "We'll take care of them."
The Chou brothers turn around, leaving their father to continue to look down. The camera pans slightly to the right to follow the brothers' exit. Cut to a side-shot of Wan, as he lowers his head from looking up to looking to his front. Switch to a shot from over the group's head as the Chou brothers emerge from the palace's gates. The line up before the doors, which close immediately again.
Wan says: "and we won't give you any trouble."
Big Chou says: "You're powerless."
Wan says: "Powerless, huh?"
Switch to a side-shot. The Chou brothers all raise their weapon toward the group and slide in a battle stance. As they charge the group, Wan raises both his hands and his left knee. He takes a good step forward and thrusts his hands toward the incoming brothers, firebending at them. The brothers jump out of the way to either side of the blast, sliding over the floor. The blast crashed against the palace's gate. Cut to a frontal shot from right after the gate as the fire consumes it and breaks it open, leaving the group standing right in front of the open door.
Wan says: "Follow me!"
The group runs through the broken doors. Cut to an aerial shot as they reach the courtyard. Switch to a shot on ground level as Wan surges forward to breaks down the door to the food cellar with his firebending. As soon as the fire dies down, the other raiders run op to the now wide-open building.
Jaya says: "Maybe we do have the power to change things."
Palace guard says: "Stop right there!"
Wan turns to see over his right shoulder. Cut to an aerial shot of the Chou brothers approaching with ten armed guards.
Jaya says: "Looks like the Chous found backup."
Wan says: "Get everyone out of here."
Wan says: "I'll hold them off."
As Jaya turns to run with the other raiders, Wan surges forward. Cut to a side-shot of the two parties. Wan leaps forward and scatters the troops with a powerful firebending blast. He throws another blast to keep two soldiers at bay. Switch to a frontal shot of Wan as a soldier comes at him with his spear aimed at Wan's chest. Wan grabs hold of the weapon and uses it to turn and swing his attacker against Big Chou, who was standing behind him. He uses his own momentum to keep on turned and hurl the weapon away. As his back is turned to the camera, Little Chou seizes his moment and jumps onto Wan, clasping on tight. Cut to an aerial shot as Wan tries to toss his assailant. He firebends in a circle to keep the four people surrounding him at bay. He manages to throw Little Chou, though the guy held on to Wan's mask and took it with him. Cut to a ground shot of the smallest brother rolling over the ground. Little Chou comes to a halt. He sits up on his knees and immediately raises his hands in defeat.
Little Chou says: "No, please!"
Little Chou says: "Have mercy!"
He looks up. Switch to his point of view to find that it is Wan looming over him with a fire ball readied in his right hand. Cut to a close-up of a shocked and surprised Little Chou.
Little Chou says: "Wan?"
Cut back to the low angle shot of Wan. Wan's resolve wavers and he snuffs out the fire in his hand as well as the fiery circle surrounding them. As soon as the way is cleared again, Wan is instantly tackled to the ground by two guards jumping at him from his left. Cut to a still surprised Little Chou who regains his composure and gets to his feet. Cut to a further off shot of Wan being held and pulled to his feet. They are surrounded by the soldiers and the two other Chou brothers.
Little Chou says: "you're afraid to use it."
Cut to a close-up of Wan who angrily looks down on Little Chou, but slants his eyes to his left in a sad defeat.
Scene cuts to a far side-shot outside the city in front of the lion turtle as Wan, the Chous, and soldiers stand on the outcropping before it. Cut to a shot from behind Wan, who is held by his arms by a soldier standing on each side of him, with the Chou family standing in front of the lion turtle.
Chou the Elder says: "Tell me who else was involved in the rebellion, and I might take mercy on you."
Wan says: "I'm not telling you anything."
Chou the Elder says: "Wan, you are hereby banished."
Little Chou says: "Yeah!"
Little Chou says: "And give back the fire you stole."
Wan says: "No!"
Wan says: "Wait."
Wan says: "Great lion turtle, I am sorry for stealing the fire from you, and I accept my punishment."
Wan says: "But please, I need to be able to protect myself in the wilds."
Lion turtle says: "I will allow you to keep the power of the element."
Cut to a back shot of Wan being shoved out of the city. He looks back at his city one more time before hanging his head in sadness and walks away to the Spirit Wilds as the sun sets. Scene shifts to the walls as Yao and Jaya watch.
Yao says: "till morning."
Cut to a panning left shot of Wan walking down a path in the forest far in the background, the camera looking between two tree trunks in the foreground. Wan nervously hikes along and flings fire at any spirit he thinks is a threat. He backs up into a tree and hears a shrill voice.
Frog spirit says: "Hey,  watch where you're stepping, human!"
Wan says: "Who said that?"
Frog spirit says: "Down here!"
Frog spirit says: "How'd you like it if I started walking all over you?"
Wan says: "You're just a little frog."
Wan runs off screaming as the frog spirit tries to whip him with his tongue. Cut to Wan as he looks back as he walks backward to a Venus flytrap. The plant suddenly eats him. It lifts its mouth while Wan tries to get out of there by punching through but to no avail. He finally gets out by firebending inside the flytrap's mouth that burps him out, along with a large cloud of smoke, and Wan quickly runs away. Cut to a shot of the dark night sky before tilting down to the tree tops. Three green, tadpole-like spirits fly past the camera before the shot pans to ground level. A tiny green spirit with a puffball body, bird-like legs, and a long beak lands on the ground and jumps off camera. In the background, Wan runs into view and falls down on his back, catching his breath. Cut to a shot of Wan from above as he collapses on the grass out of exhaustion. Much to Wan's surprise, the grass underneath him appears to be alive and swiftly wraps itself around him, dragging him into the ground. He narrowly escapes with firebending, scorching a patch of the grass, frantically climbs out, and runs off while panicking. Scene shifts to the sky as night turns into day. Scene shifts to a close-up of a sleepless and weary Wan. His appearance haggard, covered in dirt and having dark circles under his eyes from a lack of sleep. He is visibly shaken, looking left and right for any signs of danger. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan's lower body from the side as he trudges onward. He stops once his stomach growls and makes his way over to a tree that he believes to be carrying fruit. He tries eating it only to discover that it is a nest of hornets.
Wan says: "Get off me!"
Wan says: "Get off me!"
Wan runs directly at the camera. Cut to a shot of his back as he runs away and right off a cliff. Cut to a side-shot of the cliff as Wan is painfully tumbling it down. He is thrown off an outcropping and falls further down. Cut to a shot on ground level as he slides to a halt, groaning and looking all disheveled. As he looks up, he sees a peaceful looking oasis with fruit trees. He walks over to it, but as he attempts to cross the bridge, a spirit appears out of nowhere in front of him and shoves him back.
Aye-aye spirit says: "You are not welcome in my oasis, human."
Wan says: "Please, help me."
Wan says: "I'm starving and I haven't slept all night."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Not my problem."
Aye-aye spirit says: "You dare use fire against me?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Now, be gone with you!"
Throws Wan to a bush. Wan walks out of the bush with the aye-aye spirit blinking while looking annoyed, followed by an uninterested expression as the spirit walks away. Wan hangs his head in defeat and walks away. Cut to a side-shot of Wan as he walks away depressed. Wan turns to the screen with a confused look for a moment which changes to one of surprise. Cut to a partly aerial shot of a parade of spirits marching in. Wan hides in a bush in fear. Cut to a aerial shot of the spirit parade going to the oasis. Cut to a shot of the spirits relaxing. Cut to a shot of Wan's surprised face. He smiles as an idea forms. He emerges from the bush disguised as a bush spirit, joining in an attempt to enter the oasis. Cut to a shot of the aye-aye as the spirits pass by the camera in the foreground. Wan approaches the spirit. The aye-aye spirit narrows his eyes at Wan in suspicion.
Aye-aye spirit says: "And who might you be?"
Wan says: "I am Bushy, the Bush Spirit."
Wan says: "And I would like the enter your oasis."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I knew I smelled a human!"
Wan's face turns blue and sweats nervously before shrugging nervously with a very big, sheepish grin. The camera quickly zooms out. The aye-aye spirit picks up Wan and throws him in the water.
Wan says: "Come on, let me in, just for a little while."
Aye-aye spirit says: "No!"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Go back to your lion turtle."
Wan says: "Believe me, I'd love to go back home."
Wan says: "But I can't."
Wan says: "I was kicked out."
Friendly spirit #1.
That's too bad.
Friendly spirit #2.
Poor human.
Aye-aye spirit says: "Don't pity him."
Aye-aye spirit says: "He's just like every other human: ugly, destructive, and lacking any respect for nature."
Wan says: "Who are you calling ugly, Ugly?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Mmm."
Friendly spirit #1.
If you can't go back to your city, then you should go live in another one.
Wan says: "What?"
Wan says: "There are other lion turtles?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "dozens of them!"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Boy, you humans are stupid, too."
Wan says: "So which way to the nearest lion turtle city?"
Wan says: "Real funny."
Wan says: "You know what?"
Wan says: "I don't need your help."
Wan says: "I'll find it myself."
Turns around and walks away. Cut to in front of Wan with the spirits on the bridge in the background. Wan takes a few steps and suddenly falls into a deeper part of the pond, disappearing from view. One of the kind spirits, a tall green one with four arms, a white, mask like face, and leaves for hair, waves goodbye.
Friendly spirit #2.
Waves his hand. Good luck!
Dissolves to a far wide shot of Wan, who keeps walking until he comes across a cat deer caught in a net. Wan, intent on cooking the animal, produces a flame in each hand, but decides against this idea as he approaches the animal, who is giving him a sad and pleading stare.
Wan says: "It's okay."
Wan says: "I'm gonna get you out of there."
Cut to a high angle shot as Wan climbs the tree to cut down the net that is holding the cat deer. However, before he can take action, the four hunters he was supposed to join earlier arrive.
Huntsman says: "Finally, we caught something."
Huntsman says: "Get it down."
He and the hunters start jogging toward it. Wan steps out from behind the tree trunk and onto the branch. Cut to a low angle shot of Wan from the front.
Wan says: "Back off."
Huntsman says: "Wan?"
Huntsman says: "What are you doing here?"
Wan says: "I'm saving this animal."
Huntsman says: "That animal's our dinner."
Huntsman says: "Now, get out of the way."
Wan says: "No!"
Wan jumps out of the tree while firebending at the hunters and a chase through the Spirit Wilds commences, with Wan using the many dangers of the forest to his advantage.
Hunter #3.
Ahh! He-help! Help! He is dragged under by living grass.
Swarmed by insects. Get 'em off! Get 'em off! He is dragged off into the air. Ahh!
Wan runs on, evading the fire blasts the last two remaining hunters throw at him, until he is hit. The force of the blast catapults him in the air, where he smacks against a branch and falls barely conscious on the ground, enabling his pursuers to catch up witch him.
Huntsman says: "Well, looks like you're all out of tricks, Wan."
The aye-aye spirit appears behind the huntsman and possesses the second hunter, who starts partially transforming into the spirit's likeness.
Aye-aye spirit says: "I."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Really."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Hate."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Humans!"
The aye-aye spirit leaves the hunter's body. The man groans, but upon noticing his deformed hands, starts feeling up his face. Realizing he now looks partly like an aye-aye, he runs away screaming as well. The aye-aye behind him watches him go with a uninterested look.
Aye-aye spirit says: "I don't know what he's screaming about."
Aye-aye spirit says: "He's better looking now."
The aye-aye spirit carries Wan back to the oasis and places him in spirit water, which heals Wan's wounds.
Wan says: "I feel great."
Wan says: "What's in this water?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "It has special healing properties."
Wan says: "So what did you do to that hunter?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Spirits are able to take over a human body for a short time."
Aye-aye spirit says: "If I stayed in there any longer, I would've killed him, which I did consider."
Wan says: "Thanks for saving my neck."
Wan says: "But why'd you do it?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "I saw you save the cat deer from those hunters."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I've never seen such an act of selflessness from a human before."
Wan says: "Told you I wasn't like the others."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Guess I underestimated you, human."
Friendly spirit #2.
Are you off to find another lion turtle city?
Wan says: "I was."
Wan says: "But I think I've had enough of humans for a while."
Wan says: "I've decided to stay here and learn the ways of the spirits."
Friendly spirit #1.
What a great idea.
Friendly spirit #2.
That'll be fun.
Aye-aye spirit says: "Oh, now, now, hold on."
Aye-aye spirit says: "A human living with spirits?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "It's never been done."
Wan says: "First time for everything, right?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Hmm."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I guess we can try it."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I've never had a human as a pet before."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I think I'll call you "Stinky."
Wan says: "The name is Wan."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Stinky is more accurate."
Scene shifts to the fire lion turtle city's square as the huntsman returns alone.
Citizen #1.
What happened in the wilds?
Citizen #2.
Where are the others?
Huntsman says: "Gone."
Huntsman says: "Spirits took them."
Huntsman says: "They were protecting that kid, Wan, like he was one of their own."
Jaya says: "Wan's still alive."
Cut to a shot of a white dragon flying in the air in a figure-eight motion. It swoops downward and the camera follows it toward ground level. Wan is firebending and performing the Dancing Dragon technique, moving toward the right of the camera as the dragon flies right. Wan's spirit friends are in the background, including the giant frog spirit. They clap and cheer for Wan as he moves out of frame. Cut to a medium shot of Wan continuing the form, with the dragon flying in the background. Wan turns and bends fire at the camera, while at the same time the dragon swoops at the camera. The dragon's body fills the frame and once it passes, the scene transitions to a shot of an older Wan, his hair now longer and hanging, and with a scruff of hair on his chin. He is in a battle stance in front of the oasis. Cut to a view of Wan's back, showing the hunters standing on the other side of the bridge, whom Wan wards off by redirecting their fire.
Huntsman says: "He uses it like it's an extension of his body."
The huntsman frowns and readies to attack. Side-shot of the hunters as they throw their fire. Camera follows the fire as it reaches Wan who redirects it and throws it to the ground near the hunters, making them fall over. They stand up and run away. Cut to Wan standing in front of the oasis. The spirits show up and gather around him cheering. Wan downs cup of tea given to him by one of the spirits in victory.
Cut to a side-view of the fire lion turtle city.
Jaya says: "Who's with me?"
The crowd cheers. Dissolve to a far panning left shot from the side of the lion turtle. They all receive firebending from the lion turtle before leaving toward the Spirit Wilds.
Cut to Wan at the Spirit Oasis. The cat deer has a traveling pack and a saddle. Wan scratches its neck, and it tilts its head and purrs.
Wan says: "You ready to go, Mula?"
Aye-aye spirit says: "You sure you want to leave?"
Wan says: "Yes."
Wan says: "It's time I see the rest of the world and find the other lion turtle cities."
Aye-aye spirit says: "I'm proud to call you my friend, Stinky."
Wan says: "Goodbye, everyone."
Friendly spirit #1.
Voice-over. We'll miss you.
Wan rides away from the oasis. Cut to several nature scenes through which Wan travels, covering the passage of a day, until he reaches a stream where he encounters a parade of spirits running away in the same direction.
Random spirit #1.
The all-powerful spirits are battling!
Random spirit #2.
They're gonna wipe out the entire valley!
Wan goes to investigate what is causing the stampede. He reaches a clearing where two large spirits, a black and a white one, are locked in battle, destroying their surroundings as they go. Wan runs up to them and firebends at them, drawing the spirits' attention.
Wan says: "Stop, or you'll destroy everything!"
Raava says: "This doesn't concern you, human!"
Wan says: "It does when the lives of spirits and animals are in danger."
Vaatu says: "If you're a friend to spirits, then use your fire to help me break free."
Raava says: "Don't involve the human."
Raava says: "This is between us."
Vaatu says: "Please, save me."
Vaatu says: "She has tormented me for ten thousand years."
Wan says: "Let him go!"
Wan firebends at the spirits, but is tossed aside by Raava. As he emerges out of the bushes again, he notices that the two spirits are only connected with one another by one tentacle. He firebends at that connection, severing it. As soon as they're separated, Vaatu flies away to rest atop a nearby mountain, while Raava screams and shrinks slightly.
Vaatu says: "Thank you, human."
Vaatu says: "You have performed a great service for the spirits."
Raava says: "Do you realize what you've done?"
Wan says: "Yeah, I helped a spirit who was being bullied by you."
Raava says: "You are gravely mistaken."
Raava says: "I was keeping him under control."
Wan says: "And what gives you the right?"
Raava says: "You don't even know who I am, do you?"
Wan says: "Should I?"
Raava says: "Yes."
Raava says: "My name is Raava."
Raava says: "until you came along."
Wan says: "So, by freeing Vaatu, I let chaos into the world?"
Raava says: "and it's all your fault."
Korra says: "I found you."
Cut to credits.