Shot opens with an airship preparing to land at Air Temple Island. Air Acolytes pull the airship in with ropes. Kya, Pema, Tenzin, Rohan, Jinora, Ikki, Meelo, Bolin, Bumi, and Korra all stand together, as the airship lands. The doors slide open and Asami is seen standing just inside the vehicle.
Asami says: "Did someone order a fully equipped Future Industries airship?"
Korra says: "It's perfect!"
Korra says: "Thanks Asami."
Asami says: "I figured if we're going to Ba Sing Se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style."
Meelo says: "Yay, airship!"
Ikki says: "I wanna see!"
Ikki scooters up the ramp of the airship.
Meelo says: "C'mon, Poki."
Poki climbs onto Meelo's head. Meelo makes an air scooter and follows Ikki up the ramp into the airship.
Kya says: "While you guys are gone, Pema and I will hold down the fort."
Kya picks up Rohan and bounces him gently up and down.
Kya says: "Who's excited to spend some time with your Auntie Kya?"
Rohan vomits on Kya's chest.
Kya says: "Oh!"
Pema says: "Aw, he likes you."
Kya waterbends the vomit off of herself. Mako enters, walking past the airship.
Korra says: "Mako, I'm so glad you're here."
Mako says: "Of course, Korra."
Mako says: "Once I received your message I proceeded to contact various locations within the Earth Kingdom as ordered by you, the Avatar."
Korra says: "Right, the Avatar thanks you for your loyal service."
Korra says: "Did you find any more leads?"
Mako says: "There are reports of airbenders popping up all over the Earth Kingdom."
Mako says: "I marked the villages on this map."
Mako says: "You guys can take it with you."
Korra says: "Actually, I was kind of hoping you could come, too."
Mako says: "Really?"
Mako says: "Uh, it's probably better if I sit this one out."
Korra says: "I know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of Team Avatar, and we can't do this without you."
Mako says: "I'm sorry, I can't."
Pema says: "I'll miss you, sweetie."
Tenzin says: "I'll miss you too."
Tenzin says: "Once we find the airbenders, I'll send word."
Tenzin says: "You can join us at the Northern Air Temple then."
Ikki and Meelo come down off the airship on their air scooters, visibly disgruntled with jealousy.
Ikki says: "Hey!"
Ikki says: "How come Jinora gets to go with you but we don't?"
Ikki says: "That's so not fair!"
Meelo says: "Yeah!"
Meelo says: "What this girl said!"
Meelo says: "Not fair!"
The adults look worriedly at each other.
Kya says: "Because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from the two of you."
Kya says: "It's a very important job."
Ikki says: "Really?"
Ikki says: "Me, a teacher?"
Ikki says: "Yay!"
Meelo says: "Those maggots will bow to me!"
Tenzin says: "Go easy on them, son."
Cut to Mako walking down the dock to go back to Republic City. Bolin runs behind him in an effort to catch up.
Bolin says: "Mako, wait a sec."
Mako says: "Korra already asked, bro."
Mako says: "I can't just leave Republic City."
Mako says: "I have a life here, and a job."
Bolin says: "A life?"
Bolin says: "You sleep under your desk."
Bolin says: "And what's a more important job than helping the Avatar rebuild an entire civilization?"
Mako says: "It's not just that."
Mako says: "I feel like I've been drifting apart from everyone."
Bolin says: "Well, drift back, we need you!"
Bolin says: "C'mon Mako, we're going to Ba Sing Se, where Dad grew up."
Bolin says: "What if I meet our grandma for the very first time, and she asks me  and then she dies."
Mako says: "Okay, all right,  I'll come with you."
Mako says: "I guess I gotta call Beifong."
Mako says: "She's not going to be happy."
Cut to the airship leaving Air Temple Island. Kya, Pema, Ikki, and Meelo all wave to their departing family members.
Meelo says: "Bye!"
Meelo says: "We'll miss you!"
Bumi, Asami, Korra, Tenzin, Jinora, Bolin, and Mako wave back through the green-tinted glass window of the airship. On deck, Naga puts her head over the railing and allows her tongue to hang out, as she feels the wind on her face. Oogi comes up next to her and does the same. Cut to the interior of the airship, where the group sit around a table with the map in the center of them.
Mako says: "As of now, these are the towns where we've gotten reports about airbenders."
Mako says: "It looks like we can hit up most of them before we get to Ba Sing Se."
Korra says: "We're going to bring the Air Nation back from the brink of extinction after nearly two hundred years."
Tenzin says: "And it's all because of you, Korra."
Cut to a large boat made entirely of wood in the middle of a seemingly endless ocean. Two White Lotus sentries stand in the two guard towers built to watch over the single wooden cage on the main deck. Inside the cage is Ghazan, a man with long black hair and blue tattoos on his back and arms, and who is currently doing pull-ups using the wooden braces of his prison. A speed boat decorated with the White Lotus emblem and colors heads toward the wooden boat.
White Lotus sentry says: "Finally."
White Lotus sentry says: "Our shift change is here."
The two sentries make their way over to the stopped speed boat. To their surprise, there is only one White Lotus member in the vessel.
White Lotus sentry says: "Hey!"
White Lotus sentry says: "Where are the other guards?"
The White Lotus sentry in the speed boat looks up and shows his face.
White Lotus sentry says: "Zaheer?!"
White Lotus sentry says: "!"
Zaheer uses airbending to propel himself out of the speed boat over the White Lotus' firebending attack. He knocks the two sentries overboard with an airbending attack. As more sentries start coming out of the guard tower, Zaheer blasts two more overboard. A third sentry waterbends at Zaheer, who dodges out of the way and avoids a firebending blast as well. Ghazan tries to watch what is happening through the many wooden beams of his cage. Zaheer avoids another waterbending attack and jumps on top of Ghazan's cage. He jumps down and throws a handful of rocks into Ghazan's cage. Ghazan smiles. Zaheer knocks over another sentry and launches himself up onto the platform between the two guard towers. In his cage, Ghazan earthbends the rocks in a constant circle. He heats the rocks up to the point where they become lava and forms a five-pointed shuriken with it. Ghazan slices the wall of his prison using the lava and kicks a section of the wood out, knocking down one sentry. As Ghazan exits his prison, he knocks a sentry overboard. Zaheer and Ghazan clasp hands.
Zaheer says: "It's nice to see you again, Ghazan."
Ghazan says: "Thanks for busting me out."
Ghazan says: "Where did you pick up the new skills?"
Zaheer says: "I have Harmonic Convergence to thank for that."
Zaheer says: "I was given a gift."
Zaheer says: "I believe it's a sign that our path is a righteous one."
Cut to a rural village in the Earth Kingdom.
Townsman says: "Avatar Korra!"
Townsman says: "Oh it's such an honor to have you come to our humble village."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Tenzin says: "I hate to get down to business, but is the airbender here now?"
Townsman says: "Kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner."
Townsman says: "Please, right this way."
Townsman says: "Kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he's got airbending; he's like a local celebrity."
Tenzin says: "I just want to say it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender."
Kuon says: "Oh, I still think of myself as a simple farmer."
Kuon says: "Who can airbend!"
Kuon says: "Oh, I'm so sorry!"
Kuon says: "I still don't have any control."
Bolin says: "No worries!"
Bolin says: "I love pie."
Bolin says: "And so does Pabu."
Tenzin says: "Well, you're so much more than just a farmer now."
Tenzin says: "Harmonic Convergence changed everything."
Tenzin says: "You represent the future of a culture that is being reborn."
Tenzin says: "You're going to help us rebuild the Air Nation."
Kuon says: "I'm gonna do what now?"
Kuon says: "The only thing I'm planning to rebuild is my barn."
Tenzin says: "But you must come with us to the Northern Air Temple."
Kuon says: "Well, I can't do that."
Kuon says: "I have a family and a farm."
Tenzin says: "Of course you can come."
Tenzin says: "This is of the utmost importance."
Tenzin says: "Your wife will understand."
Kuon's wife says: "Wait, what?"
Kuon's wife says: "No, I do not understand."
Kuon's daughter says: "Daddy, where are you going?"
Kuon's daughter says: "Why does the bald man want to take you away?"
Kuon's wife says: "No one's going to take Daddy away, sweetheart."
Korra says: "Actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause."
Korra says: "Your dad is an airbender, and he should learn about his culture."
Kuon says: "I think there's been some sort of misunderstanding."
Kuon says: "I'm not going with you."
Kuon says: "I might be able to airbend, but I'm no Air Nomad, I'm no monk."
Townsman says: "Okay, maybe we should just have some dessert huh?"
Townsman says: "Who's up for dessert?"
Tenzin says: "Sir, you must understand, you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about, skills you must master."
Kuon says: "You expect me to abandon my entire life?"
Kuon says: "My family?"
Kuon says: "No!"
Kuon says: "No sir, I'm not going anywhere with you and I think it's best that you leave."
Cut to the airship at night, followed by the interior where Team Avatar is having a meeting.
Korra says: "In my head, I saw that playing out very differently."
Asami says: "Maybe we should have stayed and tried harder to convince him to join us."
Bolin says: "Or we could have thrown him in a potato sack and forced him into the ship."
Bumi says: "That's how they got me to join the United Forces."
Tenzin says: "No, we can't coerce people, or throw them in potato sacks."
Tenzin says: "They must come freely."
Tenzin says: "But not to worry, there are plenty of other airbenders out there who will be happy to come with us once they find out what the Air Nation is all about."
The next few shots are presented as a montage of Tenzin trying says: "The airship is shown moving across a cartoon version of the world map to indicate the crew's journey, with all of the crew depicted as chibi heads of themselves."
failing to recruit the new airbenders says: "The airship is shown moving across a cartoon version of the world map to indicate the crew's journey, with all of the crew depicted as chibi heads of themselves."
The next few shots are presented as a montage of Tenzin trying says: "The chibis' faces start off looking happy but sport increasingly less happy expressions as Tenzin is repeatedly rejected."
failing to recruit the new airbenders says: "The chibis' faces start off looking happy but sport increasingly less happy expressions as Tenzin is repeatedly rejected."
By this point the chibi crew all look glum, with tears flowing from the eyes of Bolin and Bumi. The view zooms in on the chibi Bolin before fading to an image of the real Bolin, sitting in the airship's interior with the rest of the crew and looking depressed.
Tenzin says: "Ugh, I really thought I had that last guy."
Tenzin says: "Who doesn't want a bison as their best friend?"
Bumi says: "It's okay Tenzin, I still want to be an airbender."
Korra says: "Okay, we've tried it your way, and people just don't seem to be responding."
Korra says: "It's time for a little tough love."
Cut to the next household where Ryu's mother opens the door, revealing Korra, Bolin and Mako waiting outside.
Ryu's mother says: "Oh, are you the Avatar?"
Ryu's mother says: "When my son got airbending, my husband and I were so happy."
Ryu's mother says: "We thought this could open a lot of doors for him, maybe he could finally move out of the basement."
Korra says: "How old is he?"
Ryu's mother says: "He's twenty-two, and you know, still just to figuring his life out."
Korra says: "Well, I have a great opportunity for him."
Korra says: "We're looking for airbenders to join us at the Northern Air Temple."
Ryu's mother says: "Ah, that sounds wonderful!"
Ryu's mother says: "I'll get him."
Ryu's mother says: "Ryu!"
Ryu's mother says: "Get up here!"
Team Avatar exchange thumbs up gestures with one another. Ryu enters the living room.
Korra says: "Hi, I'm Korra."
Ryu says: "So you're like the Avatar or something."
Ryu says: "Big deal."
Korra says: "Uh, I just wanted to talk to you about an opportunity."
Ryu says: "Yeah, I heard you talking to my mom, and I'm not interested."
Korra says: "Well, you're gonna be interested."
Korra grabs Ryu by the collar, airbends a chair out from under a table, and throws Ryu into it.
Korra says: "You're an airbender now and you have a responsibility as a citizen of the world."
Ryu says: "Whatever."
Ryu says: "I didn't ask to become an airbender, you know."
Korra says: "Well, I didn't ask to be the Avatar, but I am, and I'm fulfilling my duties."
Ryu says: "So?"
Ryu says: "You don't have to."
Korra says: "Yes, I do have to."
Ryu says: "No, you don't."
Korra says: "Yes, I do!"
Ryu says: "No, you don't."
Korra says: "Well,  if I didn't embrace my role, then our entire world could be thrown into chaos."
Korra says: "Think about that!"
Korra says: "Is that what you want?"
Ryu says: "Maybe."
Korra says: "No, it's not!"
Ryu says: "So what?"
Ryu says: "Who cares?"
Korra says: "Everyone cares!"
Ryu says: "I don't care."
Korra says: "Yes, you do!"
Ryu says: "No, I don't."
Korra says: "Well, you're about to care, you little slacker, because you're coming with me!"
Ryu says: "Stop pulling on my collar!"
Ryu says: "You're stretching it out!"
Ryu says: "Mom, are you just gonna let her take me?!"
Ryu says: "!"
Ryu's mother says: "I think it's a great opportunity."
Ryu's mother says: "Just try it for a week and see how it goes."
Ryu says: "No!"
Ryu says: "Let me go!"
Ryu releases a blast of airbending from his hands, propelling himself back into the house; Korra is left at the door, holding on to the two halves of his ripped jacket.
Korra says: "That's it!"
Korra tries to walk back into the house but Mako and Bolin each grab her by the arm and start to pull her away. Korra struggles.
Mako says: "Korra, enough!"
Mako says: "Let's get out of here!"
Bolin says: "So nice to meet you!"
Bolin says: "Good luck with your son!"
Ryu's mother shoves Ryu. Cut to a prison somewhere, littered with White Lotus sentries. Camera pans down to show several levels of catwalk around the inner edges of a large octagonal building. The structure is positioned above a vast pit of lava. A single cage suspended with wires rests in the center of the building, floating high above the bubbling lava below. The small cage is braced with metal bars and holds Ming-Hua, a woman with long, black hair and no arms.
White Lotus sentry #1.
We're under attack!
White Lotus sentry #2.
Look out!
Ming-Hua looks up in interest and sees a large blast of fire from one of the White Lotus. Two sentries are thrown off of their platforms with blasts of airbending. Up on the platform, Ghazan throws a barrel out over the cage. Zaheer, dressed as a White Lotus member, slices the barrel open with airbending and water gushes out. Ming-Hua spins and waterbends the falling water into a pair of tentacle-like arms, occupying the space where her nonexistent arms would normally be. She knocks open the door of her cage and begins to climb. She launches herself up to a platform and throws a White Lotus member off. Ming-Hua dodges a fire blast and propels herself to a higher platform using her "arms". She lands on the second-to-highest platform and freezes the end of her water arm into an angled piece of ice and uses it to hook the neck of a White Lotus and hurl him off of the platform. She simultaneously grabs another White Lotus member and slams him hard on the metal platform. Zaheer and Ghazan run up behind her.
Ming-Hua says: "I never thought I'd be so happy to see your ugly mugs again."
Ghazan says: "Great to see you too, Ming-Hua."
Ming-Hua says: "I'm flattered."
Ming-Hua says: "You busted me out before that girlfriend of yours."
Zaheer says: "We're getting her next."
Cut to a room with a large table surrounded by filled chairs. In the chairs are Korra, Tenzin, Bumi, Bolin, Asami, and Mako. All of them look very disheartened.
Tenzin says: "Well, I guess we should just go to Ba Sing Se and try our luck there."
Korra says: "I don't know what to do."
Korra says: "I just thought more people would be excited about coming with us."
Bumi says: "Well, maybe you gotta do more to get them excited."
Bumi says: "You need to add a little razzle-dazzle."
Bolin says: "Yeah, razzle-dazzle!"
Bolin says: "We could put on some sort of airbending street performance!"
Bumi says: "I was gonna say we could cover Tenzin's robe in sequins, but that's even better!"
Korra says: "It sounds ridiculous, but it might work."
Tenzin says: "I'm willing to try anything at this point."
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "That is the kind of enthusiasm I like to hear!"
Cut to the airship flying close over an Earth Kingdom town, made up of sandy-colored rock. A small crowd has gathered to watch the airship.
Bolin says: "It's the one, the only guy with an arrow pointing to his nose, Tenzin!"
Tenzin airbends a large wheel and drives it around in front of the awed crowd. The crowd begins to cheer as Tenzin stops in the middle of the half-circle created by the audience and throws his hands up in the air.
Bolin says: "Now, now, ladies and gentleman, ladies and gentleman, please be quiet."
Bolin says: "I have some serious news."
Bolin says: "We've heard that an escaped firebending convict has been spotted near here."
Cut to Mako standing in the crowd with his arms folded. At his cue, Mako straightens up and begins to walk out of the crowd.
Crowd member says: "I see him!"
Crowd member says: "He's right there!"
Mako says: "I am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire."
Mako pauses before letting out a small blast of fire from his fist into the air. The whole crowd gasps.
Bolin says: "Oh no!"
Bolin says: "Who will help us?"
Korra says: "I will."
Korra says: "With my airbending skills!"
Korra catches Mako in an airbent tornado. She lets him go and he falls, but she catches him with another airbending blast and brings him up in another tornado.
Mako says: "Ah!"
Mako says: "Hey!"
Mako says: "Let me go!"
Mako says: "This is not what we rehearsed!"
Mako says: "Korra!"
Korra laughs and turns to Asami, who also starts to chuckle. Oogi soars through the air and does a barrel roll.
Bolin says: "With the power of airbending, even this beast can float!"
Bolin says: "Look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice!"
Jinora flies over the crowd on her glider. The whole crowd frightfully gasps.
Bolin says: "No no, don't worry folks."
Bolin says: "She might be young, but she is in full control!"
Jinora softly lands on the peak of a tall fountain. The entire crowd begins to cheer.
Bolin says: "Ladies and gentlemen, if you, or anyone you know is an airbender, please, send them our way!"
Bolin says: "Master Tenzin and Avatar Korra would love to teach them all they know!"
Korra shrugs and smiles at Tenzin. The crowd begins to disperse. A young boy, Kai, runs up to the group.
Kai says: "Hey!"
Kai says: "Hello."
Kai says: "If you're looking for airbenders, you just found one."
Kai proceeds to demonstrate his airbending abilities.
Kai says: "I wanna join you guys."
The group becomes excited.
Bolin says: "Get outta town!"
Korra says: "We got our first recruit."
Korra says: "Just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to Ba Sing Se, then the Northern Air Temple to live as nomads and rebuild the Air Nation."
Korra says: "All that sound good to you?"
Kai says: "Yeah, Ba Sing Se, rebuild the temple, Air Nomad what-do-you-do, I'm in."
Kai says: "Let's go right now."
Bolin says: "You going to love it, er..."
Bolin says: "ah..."
Bolin says: "real quick, what's your name?"
Kai says: "Kai."
Kai says: "So when do we hit the road?"
Tenzin says: "Hang on a second Kai, where are your parents?"
Tenzin says: "We can't have you come with us without their permission."
Bolin says: "You're an orphan?"
Kai says: "It happened about a year ago."
Kai says: "My home town was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them."
Kai says: "I was so scared, but they told me not to worry they would protect me, and they did."
Kai says: "My parents saved me and the entire village, but they died in the fight."
Kai says: "Mum and pap meant everything to me, they're were my whole life."
Kai says: "Ever since then, I've been on the run."
Kai says: "Those same outlaws are still after me."
Bolin says: "Well, you don't have to be on the run anymore,  right guys?"
Bolin says: "Tell him."
Tenzin says: "I'm so sorry about your parents."
Tenzin says: "I know we could never replace them..."
Tenzin says: "but we are here for you."
Korra says: "We'll keep you safe, come on."
After everyone boards the airship, Mako stops and walks away from the group. He stares out a window and sees a group of motorcyclists in official-looking uniforms pulling to a stop outside their airship.
Mako says: "Guys!"
Mako says: "I think we got trouble."
The whole group turns around, the lead motorcyclist gets off his motorcycle and takes his helmet off. He walks up to the airship and takes his glasses off.
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Release the boy, or we'll take him by force."
The sheriff clenches his fist as his deputies each earthbend a rock from the ground and get into a fighting stance.
Kai says: "The outlaws!"
Kai says: "They're here..."
Kai says: "Uh, let's get out of here."
Korra says: "We are not running away from anyone."
The airship door opens to reveal Korra standing at the top.
Korra says: "If you want Kai, you'll have to go through me!"
The deputies launch their rocks at Korra, who jumps out of the airship's door and destroys the rocks with airbending, before rolling on the ground and airbending at the deputies, knocking them all over. The sheriff soon gets back up and earthbends at Korra, who dodges the attack and knocks down the sheriff with her own earthbending move.
Korra says: "Your days of harassing an innocent boy is over."
Korra says: "You outlaws are going to prison."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Outlaws?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Innocent boy?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "I'm a sheriff  Whatever he told you was a lie, we've been chasing him for months."
Korra says: "Where's Kai?"
Korra turns around, failing to see Kai or Mako among the group. The camera pans to the left to reveal Mako walking toward her, holding Kai with one hand and a sack with the other.
Mako says: "Right here, I found him slipping away."
Kai says: "I was just going to the bathroom."
Mako says: "With your stash of gold?"
Mako throws the sack toward the sheriff. When it hits the ground, jewelry and gold spill out.
Kai says: "I told you, I found this on the road."
Mako says: "Enough with the lies kid."
Mako says: "I want the truth."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "The truth is, he's the outlaw."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "He spent an entire life in an orphanage, got adopted by a real nice family six months ago, and how did he repay them?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "By taking their entire life savings."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "We've been after him ever since."
Korra says: "Is that true?"
Kai says: "The person who stole that stuff was the old me."
Kai says: "Once I got airbending, I changed."
Kai says: "I don't know how to explain it, but I feel like airbending choose me for a reason , like I'm a new person."
Kai says: "I'm sorry!"
Kai says: "Please, you have to listen to me."
The sheriff and his deputies start to take him away, along with the sack of gold.
Bolin says: "Are, are you taking him back to the orphanage?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "No, he's headed to jail."
Korra says: "Wait!"
Korra says: "You've got the family's life savings, now let us take Kai."
Tenzin says: "Do you really want our first member of the Air Nation to be a liar and a thief?"
Korra says: "He just needs some guidance, Tenzin."
Korra says: "Who better to give it to him than us?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Do you want this boy or not?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, you can release the boy into our custody."
The sheriff's deputies let go of the Kai's hands. He smiles and runs to hug Korra.
Kai says: "Thank you!"
Korra says: "Don't make me regret it."
Bolin and Jinora approach him; she smiles toward him and Bolin hugs Korra and Kai.
Bolin says: "Welcome to the family, little bro."
Jinora hugs Bolin, Korra, and Kai. Bumi goes and hugs Tenzin, much to his annoyance. The sheriff and his deputies drive away from the scene. As the group goes back onto the airship, Mako stops Kai, turns his head around to better look at his face, and bends down.
Mako says: "I just want you to know that I'm going to be watching you, kid."
Mako says: "I know exactly what you're all about, 'cause I've been there."
Mako says: "You don't have me fooled."
Mako stands up and moves back from Kai, who in turn backs away from Mako.
Kai says: "Woah!"
Kai says: "Hey, lighten up."
Kai says: "Don't you worry about me."
Jinora says: "Hi, I'm Jinora."
Jinora says: "If you need any help with airbending, I could show you what I know."
Kai says: "Thanks, that's real nice of you."
The scene zooms out says: "a desert terrain, which has a fence and volcano nearby."
shows the whole Future Industries airship before shifting to Ming Hua's prison says: "a desert terrain, which has a fence and volcano nearby."
The scene zooms out says: "The camera zooms into the prison and shows Ming Hua's empty cell, before going up to show a White Lotus sentry and an elderly Zuko standing on the higher tier of the prison."
shows the whole Future Industries airship before shifting to Ming Hua's prison says: "The camera zooms into the prison and shows Ming Hua's empty cell, before going up to show a White Lotus sentry and an elderly Zuko standing on the higher tier of the prison."
White Lotus sentry says: "They came out of nowhere."
White Lotus sentry says: "I'm so sorry, Lord Zuko."
Zuko says: "How could you let this happen?"
White Lotus sentry says: "They caught us by surprise, and Zaheer is an airbender now."
Zuko says: "Put them all together, they could take down the entire world."
Zuko says: "And now you're telling me that their leader is an airbender?"
White Lotus sentry says: "We can track them."
Zuko says: "We don't need to track them, I know exactly where they're going."
Zuko says: "and send word to Lin Beifong in Republic City."
Zuko says: "The Avatar must be protected."
Zuko's dragon lowers its neck and Zuko gets on it.
White Lotus sentry says: "Where are you going?"
Zuko says: "To stop them."
Druk roars and flies off into the distance.
Cut to credits.