The scene opens to a few rocks dotting the desert landscape and we can see some spirits casually mingling about. In the background, Team Avatar has arrived in a local Earth Kingdom desert village with hopes to track down Aiwei. Naga is seen stopping to sniff the ground. Cut to a close-up of the group as Asami pulls in the jeep behind Korra.
Korra says: "Aiwei has definitely been through here."
Korra says: "Nice tracking, girl."
Mako says: "Let's ask around."
Mako says: "Maybe someone's seen him."
Cut to the inside of a tavern as Mako pushes the curtain aside at the entrance. The group enters and everyone in the tavern glances at the group. Bolin notices something on the wall of the tavern and the camera pans to reveal a wanted poster of him on the wall.
Bolin says: "I should go out and say hello..."
Mako says: "I'm guessing this is because we took her airbenders."
Korra says: "little queen face again, I am going to..."
Asami says: "We should get out of here."
The group walks out and Korra does a gesture to all the men in the tavern before she departs. The scene shifts to an aerial view of the Beifong Estate in the morning with the remnants of the battle lingering in the shot. View switches to Suyin talking to two guards on the bridge where Lin walks toward and confronts her sister.
Lin says: "Where's everyone?"
Lin says: "I've been waiting to leave for half an hour."
Suyin says: "And good morning to you, Lin."
Suyin says: "Now don't get mad, Korra's fine."
Suyin says: "I'm just waiting to hear if she'd tracked down Aiwei yet."
Lin says: "What!"
Lin says: "You let Korra go?!"
Lin says: "!"
Lin says: "I thought we were on the same page about this, and then you go and stab me in the back?"
Suyin says: "Oh, don't be so overdramatic."
Suyin says: "You can't control the Avatar's every move."
Lin says: "I can try."
The scene shifts to Naga running with Korra on her back and the rest of the group following a windy road. Camera pans out to an aerial view of Team Avatar making their way down a path on the road. The jeep follows closely and Naga runs up a small slope. View switches to Naga sniffing the ground for any scent near a bunch of rocks.
Korra says: "Naga found something."
Korra says: "but, good girl."
Naga responds by whining once more and turn to walk away. Her tail whips and slaps Korra in the face, causing her to groan. Asami and the brothers walk up to the vehicle in the background. Korra hunches her shoulder's from Naga's cold shoulder attitude.
Asami says: "This must be Aiwei's jeep."
Asami says: "He can't be far."
Mako says: "will investigate the Misty Palms Oasis, and see if he's hold up there."
Bolin says: "Yes!"
Bolin says: "I love it when you talk like a cop."
Korra says: "I'm coming too."
Mako says: "No."
Mako says: "You and Asami wait here in case he comes back."
Mako says: "Besides, we don't want to call too much attention to ourselves."
Korra says: "All right."
Bolin says: "no one will recognize us."
Bolin says: "Haha, police work is so exciting!"
Scene changes to a hand unzipping a bag of supplies. Camera pans out to a back view of Bolin as he pulls out a bright yellow raincoat and drapes it over his head and body. Cut to his eyes as bright green goggles are worn. Camera pans out to the brothers dressed in identical outfits. Cut to Korra and Asami looking askance and unconvinced at them, as if questioning the effectiveness of their disguises.
Bolin says: "I'm an ex-United Forces operative named Ting-Ting."
Bolin says: "War was the only woman I ever loved, until Ivy came along and showed me what real love is."
Bolin says: "Tragically, she was taken from me by my archenemy Dr."
Mako says: "Let's just find Aiwei."
Bolin says: "But I haven't even told your backstory."
Mako says: "I'm a cop."
Mako says: "I don't have a backstory."
The scene fades to the expanded Misty Palms Oasis' entrance, with Mako and Bolin stepping forward. View changes to the spirits lurking and perched on the rooftop and telephone lines of the town, looking down at the two yellow-coated guys. Cut to a close-up of the brothers as they make their way down the street. View focuses on the center of the city, where there is an ice spring with three spirits lounging on it. Mako and Bolin pause and stop near the ice. They watch a guy sweeping and pushing three kiwi bird-like spirits outside the door with a broom.
Tavern owner says: "Shoo!"
Tavern owner says: "Human customers only."
The spirits scurry off. The brothers walk up to the tavern owner sweeping his stoop.
Mako says: "Let's see if this guy knows anything."
Mako says: "Excuse me, sir?"
Mako says: "We're looking for a man about sixty, balding, wearing glasses in a long green robe."
Bolin says: "And he's got this weird piercing that goes from his nose  ear."
Bolin says: "Freaks me out."
Tavern owner says: "Yeah, sure."
Tavern owner says: "Sounds like a guy who came in last night."
Tavern owner says: "I told him I had the best drinks in the Earth Kingdom and he called me a liar."
Mako says: "That's him!"
Mako says: "Any idea where he is now?"
Cut to Korra sitting on a boulder near the city. View changes to a frontal shot of Korra with Asami in the background glancing at her friend as she observing Aiwei's jeep.
Asami says: "Are you okay?"
Korra says: "I'm just frustrated."
Korra says: "What does Zaheer want with me?"
Korra says: "What's his plan?"
Asami slides up the driver's seat as she reaches for something in the glove compartment. Cut to a close-up of her as she pulls out a note.
Asami says: "I don't know."
Asami says: "But I think I found a clue."
Korra says: "Xai Bau's Grove, sundown."
Korra says: "This must be where and when Aiwei's going to meet Zaheer!"
Asami says: "Go away!"
Asami says: "I'm trying to find something."
Mako says: "No luck here."
Bolin says: "I think there might be a couple bounty hunters over there who recognize me!"
Mako says: "We've been made."
Mako says: "Let's lose 'em!"
The boys flee down a street, the couple close on their heels. They finally duck down an alley, hiding behind some boxes and barely escaping the notice of the female pursuer. The couple moves on as the brothers peek out of hiding.
Mako says: "Okay, I think we're clear."
Mako says: "We should head back to Korra before someone else recognizes us."
Aiwei strolls nonchalantly past the other end of the alley. Bolin spots him and yanks Mako back out of view.
Bolin says: "We could, or..."
Bolin says: "we could follow Aiwei instead."
Bolin says: "Look!"
Aiwei strolls down an alley, eating food from a box. Mako and Bolin appear from behind, and spy on him.
Mako says: "All right."
Mako says: "Stay cool and follow my lead."
Bolin says: "Ting-Ting always finds his man."
Mako and Bolin follow Aiwei down a street and past a pink building. They watch as Aiwei enters a room and closes the door.
Mako says: "Keep an eye on him."
Mako says: "I'll go get Korra."
Scene shifts back to Korra and Asami observing the map. Mako pulls off his disguise and walks to them.
Mako says: "We found Aiwei hiding in an inn."
Korra says: "That's great!"
Asami says: "We found something too."
Asami says: "It looks like he's gonna meet Zaheer at sundown at a place called Xai Bau's Grove."
Asami says: "But I can't find it anywhere on the map."
Korra says: "Let's go bust down Aiwei's door and finally get some answers."
Mako says: "No."
Mako says: "Once Aiwei knows we're onto him, we lose our advantage."
Mako says: "I say we stake out his room and when he leaves for this meeting, we follow him."
Korra says: "And he'll lead us straight to Zaheer."
The scene shifts to the Misty Palms Inn, as Team Avatar try to get a room.
Mako says: "Good afternoon."
Mako says: "We'd like a room on the ground floor, across from 102, please."
Innkeeper says: "Forget it!"
Innkeeper says: "Last time a bunch of teenagers came in here, they trashed the whole room."
Innkeeper says: "Hey, no bending in here!"
Innkeeper says: "Take it outside!"
Macao says: "We're here to meet Nuktuk!"
Lily says: "We're your biggest fans."
Lily says: "Can you make it out to Lily and Macao?"
Bolin says: "Uh, I'd be happy to."
Bolin says: "Always love meeting my fans."
Lily says: "I made this Nuktuk doll for you."
Innkeeper says: "Why didn't you tell me your friend was a mover star?"
Innkeeper says: "I'd be happy to rent you any room in the inn."
Mako says: "We'll just take the one across from 102."
Innkeeper says: "But that room is too small for the four of you!"
Mako says: "Trust me, it'll be perfect."
Scene shifts to Team Avatar, squished in their new room.
Bolin says: "I'd just like to say, for the record, this room is definitely not perfect."
Korra says: "There he is."
Bolin says: "I thought stakeouts were supposed to be exciting."
Bolin says: "This isn't."
Bolin says: "At all!"
Bolin says: "Hey, look!"
Bolin says: "A Pai Sho board!"
Bolin says: "Mako, you want to play?"
Mako says: "Kind of busy here, bro."
Asami says: "I'll play."
Bolin says: "Oh, well, ugh, no offense but I learned street Pai Sho from Shady Shin, and I'm pretty good."
Bolin says: "So, wouldn't really be a fair game."
Asami says: "So?"
Asami says: "I learned to play from my dad, the diabolical genius."
Asami says: "I'll destroy you."
Bolin says: "Well, looks we've got ourselves a Pai-Shodown."
Bolin says: "Uh, I don't mean to rush you, but let's speed things up a bit."
Asami says: "Why?"
Asami says: "This game is all about slow, methodical strategy."
Bolin says: "No, it's not."
Bolin says: "This is a fast-paced, edge of your seat, game of chance!"
Bolin says: "Don't think."
Bolin says: "Just go."
Asami says: "I don't know what Shady Shin taught you, but it wasn't the real Pai Sho."
Bolin says: "Oh really?"
Bolin says: "I think Mr."
Bolin says: "Rulebook might disagree with you."
Bolin says: "The origins of Pai Sho date back over ten thousand years."
Bolin says: "It is a game of both strategy and chance."
Bolin says: "Wait, how can it be both?"
Asami says: "Let me see that."
Asami says: "There have been countless variations of Pai Sho through the centuries and each culture has its own rules and variations of the game."
Bolin says: "That's no help at all."
Bolin says: "Korra, as the Avatar, you need to standardize these Pai Sho rules."
Korra says: "Okay, I'll put that on my to-do list, right after bringing back the Air Nation and taking down the group that tried to kidnap me."
Bolin says: "That's cool."
Bolin says: "Whenever you get to it."
Mako says: "Assuming we do find Zaheer, what then?"
Korra says: "Then I make him talk."
Mako says: "He was locked away for thirteen years, Korra, and never broke."
Mako says: "I don't think a little bending is going to intimidate this guy."
Korra says: "You have a better idea?"
Mako says: "Yeah, we spy on them."
Mako says: "If Aiwei and Zaheer don't know they're being watched, they'll talk freely."
Mako says: "Then we'll find out who they are and what they want."
Bolin says: "That's just like Pai Sho!"
Bolin says: "In order to defeat your opponent, you first have to know your opponent."
Asami says: "Then I guess I know you pretty well."
Asami says: "I win."
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "Ugh."
Bolin says: "All right, you know what that was just a fluke."
Bolin says: "Best two out of three."
Bolin says: "Ha, ha!"
Bolin says: "Looks like you're on the ropes this time."
Asami says: "I can't believe it."
Asami says: "You might actually win this one."
Bolin says: "No, Pabu?"
Korra says: "It's almost sundown."
Korra says: "Why hasn't Aiwei left yet?"
Asami says: "Maybe he sneaked out when you weren't looking."
Mako says: "No, I just saw him peeking out of his window fifteen minutes ago."
Mako says: "It's in my logbook."
Korra says: "I'm going over there."
Mako says: "Korra, wait!"
Mako says: "You're going to blow our element of surprise."
Korra says: "It's over, Aiwei!"
Korra says: "Where's..."
Korra says: "?"
Korra says: "What?"
Bolin says: "That's a weird way to nap."
Korra says: "He's not sleeping."
Korra says: "He's meditating."
Korra says: "Wait!"
Korra says: "Asami, those spirits were trying to tell us something earlier."
Korra says: "Xai Bau's Grove isn't on the map because it's not in the physical world!"
Korra says: "It's in the Spirit World!"
Korra says: "I'm going in after him."
Mako says: "We'll watch him in case he wakes up."
Mako says: "Be careful!"
Korra meditates and successfully passes into the Spirit World. She looks from behind a tree and sees Aiwei standing on a nearby hill in front of another tree. Zaheer materializes across from him.
Zaheer says: "What happened back in Zaofu?"
Zaheer says: "You told me we wouldn't have any problems getting the Avatar?"
Zaheer says: "Because of you, we've all been compromised."
Aiwei says: "No, any evidence was destroyed when my library burned."
Zaheer says: "Where is your physical body now?"
Aiwei says: "At the Misty Palms Inn."
Aiwei says: "But there is no need to worry."
Aiwei says: "I was not followed."
Zaheer says: "You left a loose end."
Aiwei says: "I assure you, no one knows anything about us."
Korra says: "Zaheer!"
Zaheer teleports himself and Aiwei toward a cliff at the rim of the Fog of Lost Souls and throws Aiwei off it, before he teleports back to the tree.
Zaheer says: "It seems Aiwei was mistaken."
Zaheer says: "He was followed."
Korra says: "That's right."
Korra says: "We knew he'd lead us straight to you."
Korra says: "Now, what did you do with him?"
Zaheer says: "He'll be spending eternity in the Fog of Lost Souls, which just leaves the two of us."
Korra says: "Don't move, Zaheer."
Korra says: "You're going to give me some answers."
Zaheer says: "What would you like to know?"
Korra says: "First off, who are you people, and why do you keep trying to take me?"
Zaheer says: "We are part of a secret society, dedicated to restoring freedom to the world."
Zaheer says: "We are the Red Lotus."
Korra says: "Red Lotus?"
Korra says: "Are you related to the White Lotus?"
Zaheer says: "We are what the White Lotus was meant to be."
Zaheer says: "But after the Hundred Year War, the White Lotus lost its true purpose."
Zaheer says: "Its members came out of hiding and openly served the Avatar."
Zaheer says: "They became nothing but glorified bodyguards who served corrupt nations."
Zaheer says: "So a great man named Xai Bau broke from the White Lotus and began his own society."
Korra says: "That's a great story, but it doesn't explain why you tried to take me when I was a kid."
Zaheer says: "That was Unalaq's idea."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra says: "My uncle was part of the Red Lotus?"
Scene shifts to the Red Lotus hideout, as Zaheer's physical body begins to speak to his companions.
Zaheer says: "Avatar Korra."
Zaheer says: "Misty Palms Inn."
Zaheer says: "Find her."
P-Li says: "You two go."
P-Li says: "I'll stay here and make sure Zaheer's body is safe."
Ming-Hua and Ghazan leave. The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Zaheer says: "I met your uncle when I was a teenager, after we had both joined the Red Lotus."
Zaheer says: "We learned about Raava and Vaatu, and how Avatar Wan foolishly severed them, disrupting the balance of the world forever."
Korra says: "Avatar Wan wasn't foolish!"
Korra says: "He was trying to restore balance."
Zaheer says: "He closed the portals, severing humans from spirits."
Zaheer says: "Even you realize the error in his ways."
Korra says: "So all along, you and my uncle planned to use me to open the portals and release Vaatu?"
Korra says: "That's why you tried to take me when I was a kid?"
Zaheer says: "Yes, and with members of the Red Lotus as your elemental masters, we could've taught you so much."
Korra says: "It sounds like you were just trying to brainwash me so I'd do whatever you wanted."
Zaheer says: "No, Korra."
Zaheer says: "All I wanted was to show the Avatar a better path for the world."
Scene shifts back to the rest of Team Avatar in the physical world. Mako glances out of the window and sees Ming-Hua and Ghazan.
Mako says: "Uh, I don't know how, but Water Arm Lady and Lava Guy found us."
Asami says: "How?"
Mako says: "I just said I don't know how!"
Bolin says: "Korra, come on!"
Bolin says: "Wake up!"
Asami says: "What do we do?"
Mako says: "Get Korra out of here."
Mako says: "Bolin and I will hold them off."
The door opens and Asami rides off on Naga, holding Korra.
Ming-Hua says: "The Avatar!"
Naga turns a corner, and Ming-Hua fires ice shards at her, but misses. She begins fighting Mako, while Bolin takes on Ghazan. The Red Lotus earthbender knocks down the two brothers with lavabending.
The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Korra says: "If my uncle came up with a plan to abduct me when I was a kid, why wasn't he caught?"
Zaheer says: "He wasn't with us that night, and he covered up his involvement afterwards."
Korra says: "So he betrayed you, just like he betrayed me."
Zaheer says: "Yes."
Zaheer says: "He allowed me and my friends to remain in prison while he pursued his own selfish goals."
Zaheer says: "Unalaq becoming a Dark Avatar was never part of our mission."
Korra says: "And what is your mission, exactly?"
Zaheer says: "I want what you want: to restore balance to this world."
Korra says: "I don't think our ideas of balance are the same."
Zaheer says: "Are you sure about that?"
Zaheer says: "You kept the spirit portals open."
Zaheer says: "But why stop there?"
Zaheer says: "Bringing the spirits back should only be the beginning."
Korra says: "What do you mean?"
Zaheer says: "The idea of having nations and governments is as foolish as keeping the human and spirit realms separate."
Zaheer says: "You've had to deal with a moronic president and a tyrannical queen."
Zaheer says: "Don't you think the world would be better off if leaders like them were eliminated?"
Korra says: "No."
Korra says: "I mean, I don't really agree with what they've done, but taking out world leaders isn't the answer."
Zaheer says: "It wasn't too long ago that the airbenders were nearly all wiped out, thanks to the Fire Lord's desire for world dominance."
Zaheer says: "True freedom can only be achieved when oppressive governments are torn down."
Korra says: "But that won't bring balance."
Korra says: "It will throw the world into chaos."
Zaheer says: "Exactly."
Zaheer says: "The natural order is disorder."
Zaheer says: "Do you know who once said, "New growth cannot exist without first the destruction of the old"?"
Korra says: "No."
Zaheer says: "The wise Guru Laghima."
Zaheer says: "An airbender."
The scene shifts to the battle at the Misty Palms Inn. Ming-Hua attacks Mako with waterbending, but he avoids it and firebends back at her, which she also blocks. She begins repeatedly attacking him, overwhelming him. Meanwhile, Ghazan harasses Bolin with lavabending.
Bolin says: "I can't beat this guy!"
Bolin says: "It's like I'm giving him ammo!"
Bolin says: "Want to trade?"
Mako runs near a wall and jumps to avoid another one of Ming-Hua's waterbending attacks. He tries to fight back, but Ming-Hua pins him against a door with ice, grinning evilly. She picks him off the door and throws him against another door, stunning him. Meanwhile Bolin jumps into the pool to avoid Ghazan's attacks, and swims toward the bottom, but Ming-Hua traps him in a sphere of water and brings him up to the surface.
Ming-Hua says: "Go get the Avatar!"
Ming-Hua says: "I have these two under control."
Ghazan runs off.  Ming-Hua picks up a limp Mako; Bolin surfaces, gasping, from the water sphere.  Meanwhile, Naga has made progress and is running up a hill outside of the town, but she is quickly trapped in an earth tent.
The scene shifts back to Xai Bau's Grove.
Zaheer says: "You know, being locked away for so many years, I was beginning to lose hope."
Zaheer says: "But when I awoke with airbending, I knew I would be the one to destroy the old world and plant seeds for a new world to flourish."
Korra says: "Zaheer, please, as an airbender, you could help make a positive difference in the world, instead of destroying it."
Zaheer says: "You're a very smart young woman, Korra."
Zaheer says: "But you must realize that once change begins, it cannot be stopped, even by the Avatar."
Korra says: "Enough with your philosophical mumbo-jumbo!"
Korra says: "I want to know one thing."
Korra says: "If you do capture me, what are you going to do with me?"
Zaheer says: "You'll have that answer soon enough."
Zaheer says: "The Red Lotus should have you by now."
Zaheer says: "See you in the physical world."
Korra says: "Zaheer!"
Korra says: "Asami, are you okay?"
Korra says: "Where's the rest of the Red Lotus?"
Asami says: "What's the Red Lotus?"
Asami says: "And Zaheer didn't capture us, the Earth Queen's forces did."
Korra says: "Where are we?"
Asami says: "I'm not sure."
Asami says: "Some camp by the desert."
Asami says: "They're taking us back to Ba Sing Se."
The scene shifts to the Red Lotus hideout.
Ghazan says: "The Earth Queen's army snatched up the Avatar before I could."
Ming-Hua says: "But we figured you could find a use for these two."
Zaheer says: "Load them in the truck."
Zaheer says: "We're taking a trip to Ba Sing Se."
Cut to credits.