The episode opens with an aerial view of Republic City filled with several Equalist airships. The camera pans down to a shot of City Hall, with Equalist airships and mecha tanks around it. Hiroshi Sato is standing on the front steps, addressing a large crowd.
Hiroshi Sato says: "It is a glorious day, my Equalist brothers and sisters!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Amon has torn down the tyrannical bending government!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Our great leader has a vision for the future."
Hiroshi Sato says: "One day soon, bending will no longer exist and we will live in a world where everyone is finally equal!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "The United Forces are on their way right now to try and stop that dream."
Hiroshi Sato says: "But we will prevail!"
The crowd cheers loudly in response. Near the back, two chi blockers look at each other, one male, the other female, before they turn and walk away. They push aside a clump of bushes in Republic City Park and enter a small clearing with a large rock in the center. One earthbends the rock aside, revealing a hole, and both jump inside as the rock slides back over. Cut to the chi blockers, who have removed their masks and revealed themselves to be Korra and Mako, walking down a dim hallway.
Mako says: "Relax."
Mako says: "General Iroh's coming with an entire fleet of battleships."
Mako says: "Then Amon will be the one who's running."
Cut to Asami and Bolin, who are sitting on crates. Asami is watching in amusement as Bolin plays with Pabu. She glares as she hears Korra and Mako approaching, before she and Bolin stand up and walk over to greet them.
Asami says: "You two were gone a while."
Mako says: "We were doing reconnaissance."
Asami says: "Whatever."
Gommu says: "Welcome back!"
Gommu says: "Hope you worked up an appetite, 'cause dinner is served."
Cut to Gommu stirring a pot of stew and pouring some into a dish.
Korra says: "Thanks so much for letting us hide out with you the past few days."
Cut to Korra, Mako, Gommu, Bolin, and Asami sitting at a table. Mako and Asami hold bowls of stew.
Gommu says: "No siree; we've figured out how to harmoniously co-exist."
Bolin says: "You are a wise and noble hobo."
Bolin says: "Mmmm."
Bolin says: "This is the best-tasting street gruel I've ever had."
Bolin says: "Seriously!"
Gommu says: "I culled it from the finest dumpsters the city has to offer!"
The camera cuts back rapidly to Asami, who already has the spoon in her mouth. Her eyes close and open with small beady eyes as the top half of her face turns green. She spits the food back into the bowl and coughs. Cut to the back of Asami's crate, as she surreptitiously puts the food on the floor behind her. Pabu crawls up behind her and eats from the bowl.
Cut to Korra sitting next to Naga. She hears footsteps and sees Mako walking toward her.
Mako says: "Can't sleep either?"
Korra says: "No, I have this awful pit in my stomach."
Mako says: "Me too."
Korra says: "and now I'm in the middle of an all-out war."
Mako says: "I know, we didn't even know each other then."
Mako says: "And now, I can't imagine my life without you in it."
Mako says: "You're the most loyal, brave, and selfless person I've ever known."
Korra says: "I think you're pretty incredible too, but..."
Korra says: "you already knew that."
Mako and Korra look at each other, but Korra looks away abruptly.
Korra says: "I should probably try to get some sleep."
Mako says: "Me too."
Mako says: "Good night."
Korra says: "Good night."
Korra leans back against Naga's side, looking sad. Cut to Air Temple Island as airships fly overhead. Amon is waiting on a platform as the Lieutenant drags a blindfolded man up to him. The man is forced to his knees and has his blindfold removed as Amon approaches.
Amon says: "You will now be cleansed of your impurity."
Amon says: "Next."
The Lieutenant nods and walks over to get the next victim, revealing a long line of benders, blindfolded and hands bounded, including the White Lotus sentries, waiting for Amon to strip them of their bending. Cut to the island as seen across Yue Bay through thick fog the next morning. Team Avatar is hiding in the drainage pipe.
Mako says: "Coast is clear."
The four run out of the pipe and climb an access stairway to an observation deck above. They crouch by the railing as Bolin scans the bay with a telescope.
Korra says: "Once the United Forces arrive, we need to be ready to help in any way we can."
Mako says: "They're here!"
Through the telescope view, Bolin catches sight of a dim shape through the mist. Cut to a shot of the battleships steaming into the harbor, before cutting to General Iroh at the head of one.
Iroh says: "Hmm..."
Iroh says: "Amon had to know we were coming."
Iroh says: "So why aren't we meeting any resistance?"
Cut to Korra.
Korra says: "Wait a second..."
Korra says: "where are the Equalist airships?"
Cut to a shot of the water beneath one of the battleships; bubbles and an underwater mine are floating up.
Iroh says: "Something's not right."
Iroh says: "What is that sound?"
Iroh runs out of the control room and on deck, where a buzzing sound can be heard in the sky. Korra surfaces and looks up. Cut to the rest of Team Avatar on the deck as Mako points the telescope toward Republic City.
Mako says: "What now?"
Behind the skyscrapers, a group of flying objects can be seen in the mist, which resolve themselves into two fleets of biplanes. Cut to Team Avatar.
Bolin says: "Where does Hiroshi find the time to keep inventing new evil machines?!"
Bolin says: "!"
Cut to the planes flying across the bay, and a close-up on Hiroshi Sato, who is piloting one. He pulls a lever and bombs were drop from the underside. Ships are bombarded, causing major damage on board. One plane drops down two torpedoes and Korra dodges them only for them to hit the side of a ship. The explosion forces Korra back but she swims to the ship again. More planes drop down torpedoes to hit their targets.
Male sailor says: "Incoming!"
The explosion forces the sailors up in the air. A plane dives in to attack, but firebenders firebend into the cannons and shoot the planes. Korra emerges from the underwater and she looks at the planes, while they destroy the remaining ships. An earthbender tries to bring them down but he is forced back by the bombing. Planes fly around until one gets hit with firebending, forcing the pilot to eject. Iroh and two other firebenders use their bending to take down the planes, successfully hitting one.
Korra dives into the water, waterbends a massive waterspout, and bends out a large ice spike to take a plane down. However, the damaged plane hits the waterspout and Korra falls into the water where she bends a torpedo around into the air and hits another plane. She emerges once more and swims to the closest ship. Iroh comes up from the hatch to firebend the remaining planes, taking them down one by one but the last plane drops a bomb in front of him. He uses firebending to shield himself, but the explosion causes him to fall into the water, unconscious. Korra grabs and brings him to the surface.
Korra says: "It's all right, I've got you."
Iroh says: "Avatar Korra?"
Iroh says: "You saved my life."
Iroh says: "Thank you."
Korra waterbends them away from the wreckage. Cut to their hideout, where Korra uses her healing abilities on Iroh's wound.
Iroh says: "I was prepared to deal with Sato's mecha tanks, but not these new high-speed aircraft."
Korra says: "I know."
Korra says: "Every time we think we have an advantage, Amon outsmarts us."
Bolin says: "No matter what our plan is, he always has a better one."
Iroh says: "Amon is winning so far, but we're not out of the fight yet."
Bolin says: "I like this man's confidence!"
Bolin says: "So, how are we not out of the fight?"
Iroh says: "Do you still have a way to get a message out?"
Korra says: "I know just the man for the job."
Cut to Gommu, setting up a telegraph machine while Iroh and Team Avatar stand behind him.
Gommu says: "And who is the recipient of this top secret message?"
Iroh says: "Commander Bumi."
Iroh says: "Second division of the United Forces."
Korra says: "Tenzin's brother?"
Iroh says: "Yes, bit of a wild man, but the bravest commander you'll ever meet."
Gommu says: "Ready, sir."
Iroh says: "Fleet ambushed and destroyed by Equalist aircraft."
Iroh says: "Retreat to Red Sand Island until my signal."
Iroh says: "Do not approach city until you receive the all clear."
Iroh says: "Now comes the hard part."
Iroh says: "We need to ground those aircrafts."
Iroh says: "Otherwise, Bumi's fleet would never be able to retake the city."
Mako says: "They flew in from this direction."
Mako says: "The airfield must be somewhere over this mountain range."
Iroh says: "Everyone get ready, we leave at dawn."
They walk out of the room. Asami lingers momentarily.
Korra says: "Wait, I'm sorry, but I'm not going with you tomorrow."
Mako says: "What?"
Asami says: "Why not?"
Korra says: "I'm sick and tired of hiding from Amon."
Korra says: "It's time I face him."
Iroh says: "That's not a good plan."
Iroh says: "We need to stick together."
Korra says: "I'm not waiting for him to hunt me down."
Korra says: "My guts tell me it's time to end this, on my terms."
Iroh says: "Korra, this is not a mission you should be handling alone."
Mako says: "She won't be."
Mako says: "I'm going with you."
Korra says: "You don't have to do that."
Mako says: "Yes, I do."
Cut to Asami looking on with shock and sadness as she glances to the side. Camera pans to the right to Iroh with a hand on his chin, deep in thought.
Iroh says: "Hmm..."
Iroh says: "My grandfather would respect the Avatar's instinct."
Iroh says: "So will I."
Cut to a view of Republic City in the morning. Cut to Mako wearing Equalist clothing in the hobos' hideout. Bolin walks up to Mako and they hug.
Mako says: "Love you, little bro."
In the background, Gommu sniffles and cries at the scene.
Bolin says: "Love you back, big bro."
Bolin says: "Korra, Amon is a nasty dude."
Bolin says: "Be careful."
Korra says: "I will."
Mako says: "Asami."
Mako says: "I'm sorry things got so messed up between us, but whatever happens today, I want you to know how much I care about you."
Asami says: "I care about you, too."
Korra walks next to Mako and they walk away. Asami jumps onto Naga's back, joining Pabu, Bolin, and Iroh.
Gommu says: "Good fortune and success to you, valiant heroes."
Cut to a large sewage pipe, out of which Korra and Mako walk. They continue walking into the sea and Korra waterbends a large bubble so they can breathe while underwater. Cut to the shores of Air Temple Island. Korra and Mako walk out of the sea and Korra stops waterbending the bubble. They put on their chi blocker masks and climb up the rocky shores. Cut to a closer shot of an Equalist airship, which Amon boards.
Korra says: "There's Amon."
Mako says: "We need to get into the temple."
Mako says: "Then, when he returns..."
Korra says: "We ambush him."
They walk toward the temple, but stop when they hear a voice from behind.
Lieutenant says: "What are you two doing here?"
Mako says: "Uh, we were just transferred."
Lieutenant says: "Well, you're getting transferred again."
Lieutenant says: "Amon wants extra security at the arena today."
Mako says: "The arena?"
Mako says: "For what?"
Lieutenant says: "The rally."
Lieutenant says: "You should've been briefed about this."
Cut to another part of Air Temple Island. Korra lifts a wooden panel on a wall and they climb in.
Korra says: "Let's hide in the attic."
They climb up through the attic's trapdoor.
Mako says: "Uh, we're not alone up here."
The camera shows Tarrlok sitting on the floor, locked behind bars.
Korra says: "Tarrlok?"
Korra and Mako take off their chi blocker masks.
Tarrlok says: "I don't suppose you're here to rescue me."
Korra says: "We had no idea you were here."
Korra says: "Are there other prisoners on the island?"
Tarrlok says: "No, I'm the only one."
Korra says: "And what makes you so special?"
Tarrlok says: "I'm Amon's brother."
Tarrlok says: "just like I was."
Korra says: "What?"
Korra and an equally shocked Mako glance at each other and back at Tarrlok. Mako takes a step forward to Tarrlok's cell.
Mako says: "Did you know this all along?"
Tarrlok says: "not until after he captured me."
Camera cuts to a side-view of the entire scene.
Korra says: "How did your brother end up becoming Amon?"
Tarrlok says: "Before my brother and I discovered we were waterbenders."
Tarrlok says: "At first we were excited by our new abilities, but our training brought out a different side of my father."
Yakone says: "Tarrlok, you'd better shape up or you'll be out here in the cold all night until you get it right."
Yakone says: "Try harder!"
Noatak says: "Dad, he'll get it."
Noatak says: "He just needs time."
Yakone says: "Don't talk back to me, son!"
Yakone says: "Ever!"
Tarrlok says: "He told us his true identity was Yakone, Republic City's most notorious crime boss, and that he was once a bloodbender of rare skill."
Tarrlok says: "What's bloodbending?"
Yakone says: "The most powerful and feared form of bending in the world."
Yakone says: "It was declared illegal thanks to that coward, Katara."
Yakone says: "Our family has the strongest line of bloodbenders in history."
Yakone says: "You boys have this power inside of you, and I will teach you to master it."
Noatak says: "What happened to your bending, Dad?"
Yakone says: "The Avatar stole it from me."
Yakone says: "That's why I brought you out here, to learn your destiny."
Yakone says: "You two will become bloodbenders of the highest order."
Yakone says: "When the time is right, you will claim Republic City and you will destroy the Avatar."
Yakone says: "You must avenge me."
Yakone says: "That is your purpose in life."
Tarrlok says: "We kept the truth from my mother."
Noatak bloodbends the creature, making it stand up, and forces its head back. The yak groans in pain.
Tarrlok says: "Stop!"
Tarrlok says: "You're hurting it!"
Yakone says: "Toughen up, Tarrlok!"
Yakone says: "You'll need a thicker skin for this."
Yakone says: "Very good, son, very good."
Cut to Yakone and his sons hiding from a pack of wolves during the day.
Tarrlok says: "He was a prodigy, mastering my father's psychic bloodbending technique by the time he was fourteen."
Noatak concentrates and the wolves turn around in unison. Noatak lifts his head, making the wolves rise in the air. Cut to a terrified Tarrlok, who gasps. Cut to Yakone, who briefly seems surprised at first, before smiling excitedly. Noatak lowers the wolves, making each one bow to him. The camera zooms back to Yakone and his sons.
Yakone says: "That's the way it's done."
Yakone says: "That's what you need to strive for."
Tarrlok says: "Our father pushed us to extremes, and one day, he made us bloodbend each other."
Yakone says: "Noatak, go!"
Yakone says: "Tarrlok, your turn."
Tarrlok says: "No."
Tarrlok says: "I won't do it."
Yakone says: "Bloodbend your brother, Tarrlok!"
Tarrlok says: "That felt awful."
Tarrlok says: "I don't want to do that to anyone."
Tarrlok says: "I never want to bloodbend again."
Yakone says: "You're a disgrace, a weakling."
Noatak says: "Stay away from him."
Yakone says: "How dare you bloodbend me!"
Noatak says: "What're you gonna do about it?"
Noatak says: "You're the weak one."
Noatak says: "You always say bloodbending is the most powerful thing in the world, but it isn't."
Noatak says: "The Avatar is."
Noatak says: "He took your bending away."
Noatak says: "What could be more powerful than that?"
Yakone says: "I made you what you are."
Yakone says: "You're mine."
Noatak says: "We're your sons,  Forever."
Tarrlok says: "Run away?"
Tarrlok says: "But what about Mom?"
Tarrlok says: "We can't just leave her."
Noatak says: "He was right about you."
Noatak says: "You are a weakling."
Tarrlok says: "Noatak!"
Tarrlok says: "Don't leave!"
Tarrlok says: "Please!"
Tarrlok says: "Noatak!"
Cut to Yakone's wife taking animal skins off a clothesline as Yakone and Tarrlok walk toward her.
Tarrlok says: "And he passed away, a few years later."
The scene fades from young Tarrlok to older Tarrlok telling the story to Mako and Korra.
Korra says: "That's one of the saddest stories I've ever heard."
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra."
Tarrlok says: "I am truly sorry for all that I did to you."
Tarrlok says: "I thought I was better than my father, but his ghost still shaped me."
Tarrlok says: "I became a soldier of revenge, just like he wanted me to be."
Tarrlok says: "And so did my brother."
Tarrlok says: "The revolution may be built on a lie, but I think Amon truly believes bending is the source of all evil in the world."
Mako says: "How did you figure out Amon is your brother?"
Tarrlok says: "When he took my bending, the sensation was somehow familiar."
Tarrlok says: "I later recognized it as my brother's bloodbending grip."
Korra says: "So, he somehow uses bloodbending to take people's bending."
Tarrlok says: "I don't know how he does it, but then again, I've never encountered a bender as strong as Noatak."
Korra says: "How in the world do we beat him?"
Mako says: "We can't."
Mako says: "Any attack we throw at him, he'll redirect with his mind."
Mako says: "That's how he's been able to challenge any bender."
Korra says: "So much for our ambush."
Korra says: "If we stay here, we're toast."
Korra says: "But there's another way to beat him."
Mako says: "How?"
Korra says: "This whole time, Amon has been one step ahead of us."
Korra says: "But finally we have the advantage."
Korra says: "We know the truth about him."
Korra says: "If we expose him as a bender in front of all his supporters..."
Mako says: "At the rally."
Korra says: "..."
Korra says: "We could take away his true power!"
Mako says: "And undermine this whole revolution!"
Korra says: "We can't just leave him here."
Korra and Mako run toward the trapdoor and climb down. Cut to credits.