As the title card fades, the shot shows a slow zoom on the Sato estate before cutting to its interior, specifically the pool room. In a small room which opens onto the pool itself stand Wu and Mako, dressed in training gear.
Wu says: "You know, there's something about being kidnapped that makes a guy realize he needs to get his act together."
Mako says: "Yeah, I agree."
Mako says: "Let's toughen you up."
Wu raises his hands in a defensive manner as Mako moves in closer; he throws a punch, which hits the prince in the chest. He falls to the ground immediately.
Wu says: "Wu down!"
As Mako looks down at Wu, a shocked gasp from behind him causes him to turn his head; Yin and Tu stand behind him, appraising the situation.
Yin says: "What's going on?"
Yin says: "Mako, how dare you injure the prince!"
Yin says: "Would his royal highness like a cherry-berry lemonade?"
Wu says: "And maybe some of those sticky dumplings, too?"
Mako says: "Look at you!"
Mako says: "You're so weak, "Wu down" is your catchphrase."
Wu says: "I know, I'm a wimp."
Wu says: "But it's not my fault, I was born that way!"
Wu says: "I'm not like you Mako, I wasn't raised by a pack of cops in the woods."
Mako says: "You don't know anything about me, do you?"
Wu says: "Yeah, I'm drawing a blank."
Wu says: "Why is that?"
Wu says: "How do I not know stuff about you?"
Mako says: "Uhh..."
Mako says: "you never asked?"
Wu says: "Well, I'm asking now!"
Wu says: "What's your favorite food?"
Wu says: "What's your favorite color?"
Wu says: "Is there a special lady in your life?"
Mako says: "Not since Korra and I broke up."
Wu says: "How'd you guys first meet?"
As Mako tells his story, the scenes change to the events to which he refers. As people, including Mako, interrupt the tale, white circles containing the head of the speaker appear in the corners of the scene, stylized in a chibi-like fashion. This format is consistently adhered to throughout the episode. At this point, the scene fades to Bolin and Mako, competing in the Pro-bending Arena in the past.
Mako says: "Bolin and I were playing for the Fire Ferrets."
Wu says: "You were a pro-bender?"
Mako says: "Yes."
Mako says: "Will you just let me tell the story?"
Wu says: "Carry on."
Their heads disappear and Mako promptly continues.
Mako says: "Bolin and I grew up dirt poor, so once I became a pro-bender, I wanted it all: Riches; fame; accolades."
Mako says: "But all that changed when I met Korra."
With a flash, the scene transitions into the flashback where Bolin introduces Korra to Mako.
Bolin says: "Come on, I want you to meet my brother, Mako."
Korra says: "Mako?"
Korra says: "Wow, I-I heard you play on the radio!"
Mako says: "Come on, Bolin, we're up."
Wu says: "Whoa!"
Wu says: "That was the first time you met?"
Wu says: "Kind of rude there, buddy!"
Mako says: "After going through such a crazy experience, I felt like Korra and I had a powerful connection."
Wu says: "So then you smooched her real good, eh?"
Mako says: "Not exactly."
Cut to Mako running across the street into the path of Asami's moped.
Mako says: "Ahhhh!"
She hits him, throwing him backward. As he lands in a heap in the street, Asami dismounts and rushes over to him.
Asami Sato says: "Oh no!"
Asami Sato says: "I'm so sorry, I didn't see you!"
Mako says: "How could you not see me?"
Wu says: "Wait."
Wu says: "That was the first thing you said to Asami?"
Wu says: "You really gotta work on your introductions."
Mako says: "Hey."
Mako says: "When you got charm like mine, you don't need introductions."
The heads disappear as the shot flash-transitions to Mako and Asami at dinner.
Mako says: "Hanging out with Asami was awesome."
Mako says: "But it made things with Korra  complicated."
Korra says: "So, I was thinking we should spend some time together."
Mako says: "Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you."
Wu says: "That's harsh, Mako."
Mako says: "I know."
Mako says: "And the worst part about it is, it wasn't totally true."
Cut to the balcony, where Mako walks up behind Korra.
Mako says: "We need to talk."
Korra says: "Save your breath."
Korra says: "You've already made it clear how you feel about me."
Mako says: "No, I haven't."
Mako says: "What I'm trying to say is, as much as you drive me crazy, I also think you're pretty amazing."
Wu says: "Hot dog!"
Wu says: "Smooch City, here we come."
Wu says: "You player."
Tu says: "Whoa."
Tu says: "I thought you were dating Asami."
Mako says: "Tu!"
Mako says: "Get out of here!"
Yin says: "Naughty Mako!"
Yin says: "You take after your grandfather!"
Mako says: "Guys, Grandma, everything wasn't so cut and dry."
Mako says: "I wasn't dating Asami."
Tu says: "Denial."
Mako says: "Okaaay, maybe I was dating her; it was all very confusing."
The frame reanimates, the heads disappear, and the scene flash-cuts to a semi-conscious Korra being helped off Naga's back by Mako, he takes her in his arms.
Mako says: "But my feelings for Korra became clear when Tarrlok captured her."
Mako says: "It felt like a piece of me was gone."
Mako says: "I was so worried."
Mako says: "Are you all right?"
Korra says: "I'm fine."
Korra says: "I'm glad you're here."
Cut to Asami, who looks dismayed.
Wu says: "Hoo!"
Wu says: "I bet Asami wasn't too happy about that."
Asami says: "I've noticed how you treat Korra, how you acted when she was missing."
Asami says: "You have feelings for her, don't you?"
Mako says: "Things are crazy right now."
Mako says: "Can we deal with our relationship problems later?"
Asami says: "Well, there might not be a relationship to worry about later."
Mako says: "Asami!"
As he puts his head down and sighs, the frame freezes again.
Wu says: "Ouch!"
Mako says: "Yep."
Mako says: "Turns out, she was right."
Mako says: "It was time to man up and call it quits."
The scene flash-cuts to Asami and Mako standing in the sewer; Asami faces away from him.
Mako says: "Asami."
Mako says: "I'm sorry things got so messed up between us."
Mako says: "But whatever happens today, I want you to know how much I care about you."
Asami says: "I care about you, too."
She kisses him on the cheek and the frame again freezes abruptly.
Wu says: "Wait."
Wu says: "Was that supposed to be you breaking up with her?"
Mako says: "Yes."
Mako says: "That was a breakup."
Tu says: "Didn't sound like a breakup."
Mako says: "Can I just get on with the rest of my story or what?"
Wu says: "Fine."
Wu says: "But I hope you weren't as ambiguous with Korra as you were with Asami."
Mako says: "Trust me, I wasn't."
Cut to the South Pole after Amon's defeat; Mako catches up to Korra as she walks away from the healing house without her bending.
Mako says: "Korra and I ended up stopping Amon together and after that, I was finally able to tell her how I felt."
Mako says: "Exactly how I felt."
Mako says: "I love you, Korra."
Flash-cut to Korra as she leaves the Avatar State, finding Mako standing behind her. She runs to him and they embrace.
Korra says: "I love you, too."
They kiss and the frame freezes. Yin and Mako both pop up at the same time.
Yin says: "Awww."
Yin says: "And then you two lived happily ever after?"
Mako says: "Ummmm..."
Cut to Korra and Mako, alone on the ship, as the heads vanish.
Mako says: "Tenzin's just trying to help you become the best Avatar you can be."
Korra says: "Of course you take his side."
Mako says: "I'm not taking his side."
Flash-cut to the two on Naga's back, traveling toward the spirit portal.
Korra says: "You know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on."
Mako says: "There aren't any sides!"
Flash-cut to Mako and Bolin's apartment.
Korra says: "How could you take his side?"
Mako says: "What's with you and sides?"
Flash-cut to a few moments later.
Korra says: "Well, excuse me, officer!"
Korra says: "Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets!"
Korra says: "I'm just trying to save the world!"
Flash-cut to the police station.
Mako says: "Well, I guess if we're both putting our jobs first, maybe there's no room for our relationship!"
Korra says: "So, what?"
Korra says: "Are you..."
Korra says: "breaking up with me?"
Mako says: "Yeah..."
Mako says: "I guess I am."
As Korra kicks Mako's desk with airbending, the shot freezes and Wu pops in.
Wu says: "Now that's a breakup!"
Flash-cut to the ship being attacked by bombs.
Mako says: "After that, I dove into my work."
Mako says: "Someone had been taking out supply ships heading to the Southern Water Tribe."
Mako says: "Asami and I discovered the triads had double-crossed us."
Mako says: "We barely got away, but by then, Asami's warehouse had been cleared out."
Cut to the city and the warehouse, empty but for Asami and Mako.
Asami says: "My company..."
Asami says: "it's over..."
Asami says: "I give up."
Mako says: "Well..."
Mako says: "I'm not giving up on you."
They look into each other's eyes before she kisses him. The frame freezes, Mako and Wu popping up at the same time.
Mako says: "I know, I know, don't tell me..."
Mako says: "I had no right kissing Asami."
Wu says: "No, actually, I'm completely fine with that."
Wu says: "You officially broke up with Korra and therefore, you're free to smooch whoever you wish."
Mako says: "If only it had been that simple."
Cut to the prison after Mako's release. As Asami looks at him, Korra suddenly runs to him, embracing and kissing him, to his shock.
Korra says: "Mako, I missed you so much!"
Mako seems to miss the disparaging look Asami is giving him.
Mako says: "Korra..."
Mako says: "hey, I-I missed you, too."
Mako says: "So you're not still mad at me?"
Mako says: "We had that fight before you left, remember?"
Korra says: "Not really."
Korra says: "I got attacked by a dark spirit and I lost my memory for a little while."
Korra says: "Maybe it hasn't all come back yet."
Korra says: "Was it a bad fight?"
Mako says: "Ahhhhh..."
Mako says: "Hmmmm, no."
Mako says: "No."
Mako says: "It-it wasn't that bad."
Freeze frame as Mako and Wu pop up again.
Wu says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Wu says: "So you were back with Asami, but then Korra came back and thought you guys were still together and you didn't tell her you weren't?"
Yin says: "Just like your grandfather."
Mako says: "Well, me and Asami were never officially back together."
Tu says: "Really?"
Tu says: "That again?"
Tu says: "You know, it seems like you're so afraid to disappoint anyone that you end up disappointing everyone."
Mako says: "Well, eventually, I did tell Korra."
Mako says: "But by then, she already knew."
Cut to the palace in the Southern Water Tribe after Unalaq's defeat.
Korra says: "Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?"
Mako says: "I know I should have, but..."
Mako says: "I didn't want to hurt you all over again."
Mako says: "I guess part of me wanted to forget about the breakup, too."
Korra says: "I think we both know that this..."
Korra says: "us..."
Korra says: "doesn't work."
Mako says: "You're right."
Korra says: "It's..."
Korra says: "over."
Korra says: "For real this time."
Mako nods and the scene flash-cuts to a wide shot of the palace, panning up to the spirits in the sky.
Mako says: "After Harmonic Convergence, the world changed."
Mako says: "Team Avatar traveled around, searching for new airbenders."
Mako says: "At first, it was awkward being around Korra and Asami."
The scene flash-cuts again, this time to Mako standing in front of Korra and Asami in the square.
Mako says: "Ladies."
He turns, still holding his salute, and walks away, leaving them to glance wonderingly at each other. The scene cuts to Korra talking to Mako near the airship, trying to convince him to go with them. He turns and walks away from her.
Mako says: "But then I realized I had to figure out who I was without a lady in my life."
Wu says: "I know what that's like."
The scene flash-cuts back to the Sato estate and the room by the pool. Wu stretches before elaborating.
Wu says: "I mean, to need distance from women."
Wu says: "Because I have so many, all over me, all the time."
Mako says: "and whenever I think of her, she continues to inspire me."
Flash-cut to the pool room. Wu stands up.
Wu says: "Wow!"
Wu says: "That story is amazing and I really learned something!"
Mako says: "You did?"
Mako says: "Good."
Wu says: "Yeah!"
Wu says: "I learned that I really didn't know anything about you!"
Wu says: "Crazy!"
Wu says: "Also, I realized that ladies are complicated."
Wu says: "No offense, Grandma."
Yin says: "None taken."
Wu says: "I better just focus on being a better king."
Wu says: "Okay, come at me."
Wu says: "I can take it."
Mako's first punch knocks Wu to the ground again.
Wu says: "Aahhhhh!"
Wu says: "Wu down!"
As Mako stares at the prince, Yin, upset, slaps his arm harshly.
Fade to Air Temple Island, where Korra is staring out over the sea at sunset in the meditation pavilion. Asami walks up to her.
Asami says: "I brought you some tea."
Asami says: "I thought you might be cold out here."
Korra says: "You're so sweet."
Asami says: "Are you okay?"
Asami says: "You seem out of sorts."
Korra says: "Sorry."
Korra says: "I've just been thinking about something Toph said."
Korra says: "She told me that the world doesn't need me and it's basically pointless to try and stop Kuvira."
Asami says: "That's ridiculous."
Korra says: "At the time, I thought so, too."
Korra says: "I figured she was just being her normal, cranky self."
Korra says: "But I'm beginning to think she had a point."
Asami says: "No, she doesn't."
Asami says: "The world does need you."
Asami says: "You're the Avatar."
Korra says: "But no matter what I do, the world seems to always be out of balance!"
Korra says: "The first time I saw Amon take someone's bending away, I was terrified."
Amon says: "Your firebending is gone!"
Amon says: "Forever."
Korra says: "Then my worst nightmare came true."
Mako says: "Korra!"
Korra says: "No!"
Amon proceeds to take her bending away and she falls over.
Amon says: "I told you I would destroy you."
Asami says: "People had hope again and it was all because of you."
Korra says: "And I was hopeful, too."
Korra says: "That feeling didn't last long."
Korra says: "I can't believe I trusted you."
Korra says: "You made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits, but this, this isn't balance, it's madness!"
Korra says: "Now let her go!"
Unalaq says: "If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now."
Asami says: "But you became more powerful, too."
Asami says: "I mean..."
Asami says: "you turned into a giant spirit."
Korra says: "Yeah..."
Korra says: "that was pretty awesome."
Asami says: "You brought back the airbenders and caused a positive shift in the world."
Korra says: "Yes,  Things are more out of balance than ever now."
Korra says: "Nothing's changed!"
Cut back to real time, showing that Tenzin has walked up to the two girls.
Tenzin says: "You're right, Korra."
Korra says: "I am?"
Asami says: "She is?"
Tenzin says: "It's true, there will always be new conflicts and enemies to face."
Tenzin says: "But the important thing is to learn from your enemies and better yourself over time, which you have."
Tenzin says: "The new Air Nation is a testament to that."
Tenzin says: "You sacrificed everything to save them."
Tenzin says: "You're an inspiration to the world."
Bolin says: "Does anyone else feel like throwing themselves overboard?"
Varrick says: "I've spent the last few hours tuning out all these incredibly boring stories..."
Baraz says: "Hey!"
Varrick says: "the incredible true story of Bolin!"
Varrick says: "Hero of the world!"
Bolin says: "Wait, am I playing Nuktuk, or is Nuktuk playing me?"
Varrick says: "Duh!"
Bolin says: "I'm running back home with my tail between my legs."
Varrick says: "Nyahbabababab!"
Varrick says: "You're emphasizing the wrong story beads."
Varrick says: "Let me tell it."
Varrick says: "The story of Bolin begins in an exotic port of call."
Varrick says: "sit on a single pillow in the living room of a luxury yacht!"
Varrick says: "How do they all fit on one pillow?"
Bolin says: "Ooh!"
Bolin says: "Giant pillow!"
Varrick says: "Wrong!"
Varrick says: "They're all the same man!"
Varrick says: "Me!"
Bolin says: "Oh, come on!"
Bolin says: "I wasn't singing, you were not levitating, and Asami is just a friend, thank you very much."
Bolin says: "If you want to tell my true story, you should start from when I met Korra."
Bolin says: "She came to the bending arena, one fateful night..."
Flashback to the events of "A Leaf in the Wind", as Bolin, meeting Korra for the first time, shows her the pro-bending arena.
Korra says: "This place is even more amazing than I imagined!"
Bolin says: "Name's Bolin, by the way."
Korra says: "Korra."
Baraz says: "When does the singing start?"
Bolin says: "There wasn't any singing!"
All the refugees break into a chorus of boos at the same time, some even giving Bolin a thumbs-down sign much to his surprise.
Varrick says: "You're on-screen talent, kid."
Varrick says: "Leave the storytelling to the masters."
Bolin says: "Wait!"
Bolin says: "Zaheer didn't team up with Vaatu."
Bolin says: "How would that even happen?"
Varrick says: "How do you think?"
Cut to a shot of the Tree of Time; in the background, the ringing of a telephone can be heard. The shot cuts to Vaatu, imprisoned within the tree. He holds the mouth- and earpieces of a candlestick telephone up to the places where his mouth and ears should be.
Vaatu says: "Hello?"
Zaheer says: "Hey."
Zaheer says: "It's Zaheer."
Vaatu says: "Oh."
Vaatu says: "Hey, Zaheer."
The shot splits into halves as a separate shot of Zaheer, speaking on the other end of the line from the communication room at the Northern Air Temple from "Enter the Void", expands to occupy the right half of the screen.
Vaatu says: "Uh-huh."
Vaatu says: "Very funny."
Vaatu says: "Like I can leave this stupid tree."
Zaheer says: "Hold on, let me conference in—"
Cut to a level view of the stage as Amon emerges from a trapdoor in the stage with a line of Equalists behind him under loud approving cheers of the crowd. A spotlight is turned on, illuminating the Equalist leader, and the camera zooms in to a close-up.
Varrick says: "Amon!"
Amon says: "Hey, guys, I'm totally in for taking out Bolin."
Amon says: "He's way too powerful and awesome."
Amon says: "But can we please not include—"
A shot of Unalaq, as Varrick portrayed him in the black and white mover, slides into the frame from the left.
Unalaq says: "Not include who, Amon?"
Varrick says: "The evil Unalaq."
Varrick says: "The diabolical but incredibly boring and unpopular sorcerer from the north, who's listening in on the other line!"
Unalaq says: "I've spent my life trying to defeat Nuktuk, I mean, Bolin, and I know just where to find him: With all the beautiful ladies!"
Scene cuts to a montage of Bolin being kissed by Ginger in "Night of a Thousand Stars" and by Eska in "Darkness Falls".
Varrick says: "Yes, Bolin had a reputation as the world's greatest ladies' man."
Bolin says: "Oooh, now the story's getting interesting."
Varrick says: "so Bolin brings them to a secret mountaintop training facility, where he teaches them the ancient art of dodging fruit and balancing on sticks!"
Varrick says: "Meanwhile, back with Zombie Amon..."
Cut to the conference call; Unalaq's image has vanished from the frame, leaving just Amon, Vaatu, and Zaheer.
Amon says: "Okay, guys, I think we finally ditched him."
Unalaq says: "Haha, very funny, I'm still on the line."
Unalaq says: "So, about that evil plan to destroy Nuktuk."
One by one, Zaheer, Vaatu, and Amon all slide out of the frame to the right, leaving Unalaq by himself in the frame.
Unalaq says: "Guys!"
The off-hook tone sounds from Unalaq's phone. Cut to a scene from "The Metal Clan", in which Bolin is trying to flirt with Opal.
Varrick says: "And with danger closing in, Opal realizes how much she loves Bolin and forgives him for whatever stuff he was talking about earlier, which will probably not be in the final cut of the mover anyway."
Bolin says: "She does?"
All refugees says: "Awww!"
Varrick says: "And she kisses Bolin, magically passing on the airbender power of flight!"
Cut back to the boat, where Varrick stands posing as if he is a bird, his hand on his head to imitate plumage and his lips pursed in the kiss he mentioned.
Bolin says: "Okay, that part seems a little unbelievable."
Varrick says: "The end!"
Flash-cut back to the boat as Varrick finishes his tale. After a moment, all the refugees rise to their feet, happily applauding Varrick's story. Bolin also rises to his feet.
Bolin says: "Are you crazy?"
Baraz says: "Don't over-think it."
Baraz says: "It's like a ride."
Cut to credits.