The camera pans down to reveal a shot of the Glacier Spirits festival. A dark spirit appears on a nearby cliff, and looks out over the festival. Cut to the camel yak stables, as Korra rides in on Naga, with Unalaq waiting for her. Korra dismounts Naga and approaches her uncle.
Unalaq says: "You're early."
Korra says: "What can I say?"
Korra says: "I'm pumped up to learn that Unalaq spirit fighting."
Unalaq says: "I'm not here to teach you to fight spirits, I'm here to help you begin your spiritual training."
Unalaq says: "We're going to one of the most remote places in the world, the long neglected spiritual center of your tribe, the South Pole."
Korra says: "You're going to train me at the South Pole?"
Unalaq says: "We will do more than just train."
Unalaq says: "By neglecting the spirits, the people of the South have brought darkness upon themselves, and now it threatens to destroy our tribe."
Unalaq says: "We must set things right."
Unalaq says: "The Southern Water Tribe depends on you."
Korra says: "A dangerous trip to the South Pole?"
Korra says: "Count me in!"
The scene changes to a shot of the Southern Air Temple, which comes into focus through the clouds. Oogi flies into shot heading for the temple, with Tenzin and his family riding on him.
Tenzin says: "There it is, the Southern Air Temple."
Tenzin says: "Isn't it magnificent?"
The scene changes again to two Air Acolytes, one of whom is sweeping, while the other feeds three ring-tailed lemurs. They turn in surprise as Oogi flies in, and as he lands, three Acolytes walk toward the bison, two of them carrying a large case.
Shung says: "Master Tenzin, welcome!"
Tenzin says: "Good to see you again, Abbot Shung."
Shung says: "Is there anything you need?"
Shung says: "Water?"
Shung says: "Dandelion greens?"
Shung says: "Ahh, perhaps you'd like to recenter yourself by meditating in the gardens?"
Tenzin says: "No thank you, I'm fine."
Shung says: "And you must be the honorable Pema!"
Shung says: "Please, accept these gifts."
Shung says: "This is an ancient airbender head shaver we've refurbished just for you."
Tenzin says: "Oh."
Tenzin says: "Okay?"
Shung says: "And Pema!"
Shung says: "These flowers once filled the mountainside!"
Shung says: "Now, they can brighten up your room."
Pema says: "That's..."
Pema says: "sweet?"
Pema says: "Y-you didn't have to."
Shung says: "Nonsense!"
Shung says: "Whatever you need is yours."
Shung says: "Anything for the mother of the next generation of airbenders."
Ikki says: "That gift is mine!"
Jinora says: "You don't even like to read!"
Ikki says: "Eeeh!"
Pema says: "airbenders."
Meelo appears from behind the three Acolytes and jumps on the abbot's back, a lemur held in his hands.
Meelo says: "Mommy, Daddy, look!"
Meelo says: "I finally got a lemur!"
Meelo says: "I'm gonna name him..."
Meelo says: "Poki!"
The lemur flies away, and Meelo jumps down from the abbot and forms an air scooter to chase after the creature.
Meelo says: "Poki!"
Meelo says: "Come back!"
Kya and Bumi are still by Oogi, unloading supplies from his saddle. Kya tosses some bags down, which hit Bumi, and he grunts. Kya drops down from on top of the sky bison, and Bumi sighs.
Bumi says: "S'cuse me, a little help here?"
Bumi says: "We're Tenzin's brother and sister!"
Acolyte says: "The world is filled with more airbenders?"
Kya says: "We're not airbenders."
Acolyte says: "Oh..."
Acolyte says: "I'm so sorry."
Bumi and Kya looks a little confused, before pouting and glancing at each other. The scene switches to Korra saddling up Naga, as Mako helps her pack supplies.
Korra says: "I thought you said Bolin was coming?"
Mako says: "He said he'd be here, but I can't worry about it."
Mako says: "I have to make sure you have everything you need for a safe trip."
Korra says: "Thanks, Captain Expedition, but I'll be fine."
Korra hears a sound and turns her head around to see Tonraq pulling up on a snowmobile. Unalaq, who has been packing, notices Tonraq and scowls, before approaching his brother.
Unalaq says: "Tonraq, what do you want?"
Tonraq says: "I heard you're taking Korra to the South Pole."
Tonraq says: "I'm coming."
Unalaq says: "Absolutely not."
Unalaq says: "You're a distraction to Korra and a hindrance to what needs to be done."
Tonraq says: "My daughter is not going without me!"
Tonraq says: "She needs someone to watch after her."
Korra says: "Dad, why do you always think you know what's best for me?"
Unalaq says: "Because he's misguided."
Unalaq says: "The sad truth is, it's men like your father who have put the Spirit World out of balance."
Unalaq says: "He's ignored my warnings in the past and hasn't learned since."
Korra says: "What happened in the past?"
Tonraq says: "It doesn't matter."
Tonraq says: "What matters is the Everstorm."
Mako says: "The Everstorm?"
Tonraq says: "It's a massive blizzard that's battered the South Pole for decades."
Tonraq says: "I'm coming, unless you think you can stop me."
The camera cuts to a close-up of Unalaq, followed by Tonraq, as they glare at each other. Tonraq looks to his left, however, when Bolin shouts at them from a distance.
Bolin says: "Guys!"
Bolin says: "Hey, wait for me!"
Bolin zooms in on a snowmobile with an attached sidecar, wearing a new snowsuit. Cut to a confused Mako and Korra as they trail Bolin's arrival with their eyes before turning completely to face him as he pulls up next to them.
Bolin says: "Check it out,  Okay, uh, sorry, still getting used to that throttle."
Mako says: "Uh, where'd you get the ride?"
Bolin says: "Varrick; he's awesome!"
Bolin says: "He also gave me this fancy snowsuit!"
Bolin says: "It's inflatable, with an internal heater, emergency beacon, and food ration pouches!"
Bolin says: "I mean, if I get lost, I can survive in this thing for like, like a month!"
Korra says: "."
Eska says: "Does this sidecar have the capacity for two passengers?"
Bolin says: "Sure does."
Bolin says: "But, uh..."
Bolin says: "who's gonna drive?"
Cut to later that night. Bolin is driving the snowmobile while Desna and Eska sit together in the sidecar. Bolin looks upset with the circumstances, and Mako rides toward the trio on a camel yak.
Mako says: "Well, what do you know?"
Bolin says: "Go away, Mako."
Korra says: "So once we get to the South Pole, then what happens?"
Unalaq says: "You will open an ancient spirit portal."
Korra says: "I'm sorry, what now?"
Unalaq says: "At the South Pole, there is a portal that connects our world to the Spirit World, but it has long been closed."
Korra says: "And that's why the evil spirits are attacking?"
Unalaq says: "There are no evil spirits, there is light and dark in them all."
Unalaq says: "But when they're unbalanced, the darkness takes over."
Unalaq says: "If you can open the portal in time, balance will be restored."
Korra says: "What do you mean..."
Korra says: "in time?"
Unalaq says: "There's a reason the Glacier Spirits Festival ends on the winter solstice."
Unalaq says: "That's when the Spirit World and the physical world are close together."
Unalaq says: "Only then can the Avatar open the portal."
Korra says: "The winter solstice is tomorrow."
Unalaq says: "Exactly, and we can't afford to wait another year."
A dark spirit appears in the distance, watching the group. Naga, sensing the creature, turns toward it and starts growling.
Korra says: "Easy, Naga."
The fog begins to clear, and the dark spirit, now joined by two others, comes into view.
Bolin says: "What are those?"
Korra says: "Dark spirits."
The fog picks up again, hiding the spirits from view once more.
Tonraq says: "Let's keep moving."
Tonraq says: "We have to find a safe place to set up camp."
Tonraq drives away, and the scene cuts to a roaring fire, the group huddled around it for warmth.
Korra says: "Uncle, why do you think the dark spirits are following us?"
Bolin says: "Can we not talk about dark spirits, please?"
Mako says: "My brother doesn't like ghost stories."
Eska says: "Don't worry."
Eska says: "I will protect you, my feeble turtle duck."
Bolin says: "Thank you."
Unalaq says: "Sadly, this isn't a ghost story."
Unalaq says: "This is real."
Unalaq says: "Haven't you ever wondered how your father ended up in the South Pole?"
Unalaq says: "Why he's never taken you to visit his homeland in the North?"
Tonraq says: "Unalaq, this is not the time."
Unalaq says: "You're right."
Unalaq says: "You should have told her a long time ago."
Korra says: "Told me what!"
Korra says: "?"
Tonraq says: "I left the North Pole because..."
Tonraq says: "I was banished."
Korra says: "You were banished from the North?"
Korra says: "Why?"
Tonraq says: "Because I almost destroyed the entire tribe."
Tonraq says: "Twenty years ago, I was a general in the Northern Water Tribe, sworn to protect my people."
Young Unalaq says: "Brother!"
Young Unalaq says: "We're being attacked!"
Tonraq gets upset and charges out, as the scene changes to a damaged Northern Water Tribe, several plumes of smoke visible in the distance. The scene changes to inside the city, as the people attempt to defend themselves against the barbarians. One of the barbarians is hit from behind by a stream of water, revealed to be Tonraq, who has entered the city with two other water Tribe soldiers. Tonraq bends water from a nearby river in preparation for a second attack.
The scene changes to outside the city, the barbarians in retreat, followed closely by Tonraq and his men.
Tonraq says: "I drove them out of the city and deep into the frozen tundra."
Tonraq yells as he and his men chase the barbarians. Cut back to Unalaq, who watches his older brother leave from the entrance to the city. Cut back to Tonraq and his men, who have a reached a large forest situated in the tundra. Cut to inside the forest.
Tonraq says: "We tracked them deep into an ancient forest."
Tonraq says: "Many believed this forest was the home to spirits, and the barbarians retreated there because they thought we wouldn't attack them on such hallow grounds."
Tonraq says: "They thought wrong."
The barbarians are shown hiding behind trees. Three Northern waterbenders suddenly appear and summon a large wave, which crashes into the forest and washes away many barbarians. Tonraq is shown blasting unseen barbarians with three water attacks. Next, the Northern soldiers are seen marching the captured barbarians away from the now flooded forest, which is seen in the background. Tonraq continues narrating.
Tonraq says: "By destroying the forest, I unknowingly let loose angry spirits."
Two tribesmen are running from a large dark spirit. Tonraq attacks the spirit with two water whips, and jumps aside when the spirit attacks with its arm.
Tonraq says: "They threatened to destroy everything, the entire city."
The dark spirit prepares to attack Tonraq once more, but stops as water surrounds it before glowing. Camera pans to Unalaq waterbending. Cut to a further view where four spirits are surrounded with the same glowing water, before changing to a golden color. Cut to the spirits returning to the spirit forest before disappearing. Cut back to Unalaq as he ceases his waterbending.
Tonraq says: "For being the cause of so much devastation, my father banished me from the Northern Water Tribe in shame."
Cut to Unalaq, who watches on as his brother is banished. Cut to outside the city, as Tonraq sails away from his home. Cut to a closer view of Tonraq, who looks down dejectedly, before turning toward the horizon.
Tonraq says: "That's when I came to the South and started a new life."
Cut back to the present time, as Tonraq bows his head in shame. He turns around, and faces the rest of the group.
Bolin says: "Whoa, so you  Ow!"
Bolin says: "What?"
Bolin says: "Isn't that what happened?"
Korra says: "I can't believe you kept this from me."
Tonraq says: "I was protecting you from the shame I brought on the family."
Korra says: "Why did you keep hiding things from me and then telling me it's for my own protection?"
Korra says: "I'm tired of you protecting me!"
Tonraq says: "Korra!"
Cut to a far view of the Southern Air Temple. Cut to Jinora and Tenzin entering the inner sanctuary, which is filled with Avatar statues.
Jinora says: "Wow, the statue room."
Tenzin says: "That's right, Jinora, the most sacred place in the entire Southern Air Temple."
Tenzin says: "Where are your brother and sister?"
Meelo and Ikki appear behind Tenzin, racing each other on air scooters. The wake from their bending causes Tenzin's robes to blow up and cover his head.
Meelo says: "You can't catch me!"
Meelo says: "I've the greatest air scooter-er of all time!"
Tenzin says: "Meelo!"
Tenzin runs to tend to his son. Jinora walks forward to the statue of her grandfather, Avatar Aang, and looks at it in awe. Cut to a close-up of Aang's statue, as the two airbenders lock gazes. Cut to a close-up of Jinora's eye, which dilates suddenly. She looks behind, the camera following her gaze, but there is no one there.
Cut to the Southern tundra, a small group of travelers just visible in the white snow. Cut to Korra riding on Naga, an angry look on her face. Tonraq pulls up next to his daughter on his snowmobile.
Tonraq says: "Korra, you have every right to be mad at me."
Tonraq says: "But I don't want you to make the same mistake I made."
Tonraq says: "I should never have gone into that forest, and we shouldn't be going to the South Pole now."
Tonraq says: "Spirits and the physical world should remain separate."
Korra says: "Dad, it's my job to be the bridge between the spirits and the physical world, and I finally have a chance to live up to my potential."
Tonraq says: "You don't even know if what Unalaq says is true."
Unalaq says: "You want proof?"
Unalaq says: "Look to the sky."
Unalaq says: "Where I'm from, the spirits are at peace and they light up the dark."
Korra says: "The Northern Lights."
Unalaq says: "Yes."
Unalaq says: "There used to be lights at the South as well, but during the Hundred Year War, the South was thrown out of balance and the lights disappeared."
Unalaq says: "When the War ended, the North helped to rebuild you physically, as a nation, but we have not rebuilt you spiritually."
Unalaq says: "Now the spirits no longer dance in your skies."
Unalaq says: "Instead, they rampage in the Everstorm."
Mako says: "I think we're here."
Korra and Unalaq approach the edge of the cliff Mako has stopped at. Cut to a worried Korra, who gazes at the Everstorm raging in the distance. Cut to the team in the Everstorm, their hoods up to protect their faces against the icy wind. Korra stops and looks back, a roaring in the distance just audible over the wind. Cut to an aerial view of the team, as another, louder roar is heard.
Bolin says: "Is that what I think it is?"
Unalaq says: "We must keep moving."
Bolin says: "Oh man, I really don't like this."
Mako says: "Bolin, just stay calm, there's no reason to-  panic!"
Another dark spirit emerges beneath Naga and lands on her face. Cut to a dark spirit grabbing Unalaq's supplies and another which grabs Korra's supplies. Naga stands on her hind legs, causing Korra to fall from her seat, and chases after the spirit. Korra looks turns and sees a flying spirit emerge. Tonraq forms an ice wall to fend off the spirit but it flies above the wall. Cut to a larger spirit which is running directly at Korra.
Tonraq says: "Korra, look out!"
Tonraq waterbends Korra away and attacks the spirit, but misses and is knocked aside. Another dark spirit enters Bolin's snow mobile.
Bolin says: "Aaaahhhhh!"
Cut to Korra and Mako fighting spirits with firebending. Korra somersaults out of the way and employs Unalaq's purifying move on one of the spirits. The spirit stops in a daze, but it manages to fight it, and pins Korra down. Before the spirit can continue its attack, it is purified by Unalaq and leaves. Mako walks over to Korra and helps her up.
Mako says: "Is everyone okay?"
Bolin says: "Aaaahhhhh!"
Cut to the back view of Bolin's snowmobile, which is hurtling away from the group. Cut to Bolin, who is holding onto the handle bars, a terrified look on his face, with Desna and Eska sat next to him, showing no emotion.
Bolin says: "I can't stop it!"
Eska says: "I'll save you."
Cut to the trio leaping off the snowmobile, which crashes into the cliff and explodes. Desna and Eska drop Bolin onto the snow, causing his snowsuit to inflate, revealing Pabu.
Bolin says: "I'm a raft!"
Cut to Desna and Eska as they cover their feet in ice and gracefully slide down the slope back to the team. Cut to an inflated Bolin following the twins, before he is stopped by Mako.
Bolin says: "Uhhh, can someone please deflate me?"
Bolin says: "Thank you."
Mako says: "Oh, great."
Mako says: "There goes our equipment."
Mako says: "Now what are we supposed to do?"
Tonraq says: "There's only one thing to do."
Tonraq says: "We have to turn back."
Unalaq says: "No!"
Unalaq says: "The solstice is tonight."
Unalaq says: "And we're so close."
Tonraq says: "This mission is too dangerous."
Tonraq says: "We're leaving."
Korra says: "No, Dad, you're leaving."
Cut to an aerial view of the team in the tundra. Cut to Mako and Tonraq, standing besides Tonraq's snowmobile.
Mako says: "Don't worry sir, I'll keep an eye on Korra for you."
Tonraq says: "Thank you, Mako."
Cut to an irritated Korra, as Tonraq speeds off on his snowmobile.
Unalaq says: "Let's open this portal and lead your father and the entire Southern Water Tribe in the right direction."
Unalaq says: "We don't have much time."
Korra says: "Then what are we waiting for?"
Korra moves forward. Cut to an irritated Bolin, sat in the remains of his damaged snowmobile, which is being pulled by a camel yak ridden on by Eska and Desna. Cut to the entire team, before switching to Korra and Mako, who sit atop Naga.
Korra says: "So, what exactly were you and my dad talking about?"
Mako says: "Nothing, he was just worried about you, that's all."
Korra says: "Y'know, sometimes I wonder whose side you're on."
Mako says: "There aren't any sides."
Mako says: "We all just want to help however we can."
Mako says: "You have to trust that we're here for you."
Korra looks on to the South Pole.
Unalaq says: "We've arrived."
Cut to the interior of the South Pole, where there are a number of trees, their trunks covered in frozen ice.
Korra says: "Trees frozen in the ice."
Unalaq says: "It's just like the sacred forest Tonraq destroyed in the North."
Korra says: "So, what do I do?"
Unalaq says: "You must find your way to the heart of the forest where the dormant spirit portal lies."
Unalaq says: "From here, you're on your own."
Mako says: "Wait a second, there's no way she's going alone."
Bolin says: "Yeah!"
Bolin says: "If she goes,  we go, too!"
Unalaq says: "The Avatar must go alone."
Korra says: "But I don't have any connection with the spirits."
Korra says: "In fact, it seems like they hate me."
Unalaq says: "You have to believe in yourself, like I believe in you."
Unalaq says: "What is it?"
Korra says: "I guess I'm just so used to people telling me how to do things that I forgot what it was like to have someone trust in me."
Unalaq says: "Korra, all the past Avatars live on inside of you."
Unalaq says: "Let them guide you."
Unalaq says: "Let them help you find the light in the dark."
Korra says: "Wait here, I'll be okay."
Mako says: "Good luck."
Cut to Korra walking into the South Pole, while the rest of the team looks on.
Cut to Korra trudging deeper into the frozen forest with a look of uncertainty and fear. A snake-like dark spirit nears Korra and screeches, causing her to turn around. In the distance, two dark spirits charge toward Korra, causing her to gasp. She turns and starts to run from them, but they manage to catch her and begin to wrap themselves around her body and legs. One of the spirits attempts to attack Korra, but she defends herself with a blast of fire, and frees herself from the spirit wrapped around her with airbending. The spirits charge back at Korra, but she stops them with an ice wall. Korra turns from the spirits, and finds herself in a large cave, a glowing dome positioned in the center.
Korra says: "The spirit portal."
Korra says: "Amazing."
Cut to a room in the Southern Air Temple where Jinora, Ikki, and Meelo are asleep. Jinora awakens and walks through the hall of statues in a daze. Cut to a close-up of her face, as she breaks free from her daze in shock and surprise, finding herself in front of the statue of an unknown Avatar.
Jinora says: "Whoa."
Jinora says: "What Avatar is this?"
Cut back to the spirit portal, as Korra stands over the dome, staring into it.
Korra says: "The light in the dark."
Cut to Korra as she readies her stance, and subsequently punches the frozen portal with airbending, but to no effect. Korra tries to firebend at the portal, but still with no results.
Korra says: "Why isn't it opening?"
Numerous dark spirits appear outside the hub and start attacking the roof, shocking Korra.
Korra says: "Come on portal, open!"
Cut to the spirits as they manage to break through the roof. They charge toward Korra and grab her around the waist. Cut to Korra, a scared look on her face, as the spirits continue to tangle themselves around her. They start pulling Korra up toward the roof of the cave as she repeatedly firebends at the spirit portal, but again her attacks have no effect. Korra is dragged further upward, as more spirits wrap themselves around her arms, preventing her from continuing her attacks. She enters the Avatar State, allowing her to momentarily break free and drop toward the portal, but the spirits still manage to keep a hold of her. Korra struggles to reach the portal, reaching desperately with her hand, and finally manages to touch it with her finger. An orange ring forms from where she touched the portal, and the ground cracks beneath her, creating a blast that tosses Korra aside and dispels the spirits.
Cut to outside the South Pole, as a green beam of light rises and causes the southern lights to appear in the sky, while the Everstorm dissipates. Cut to Korra looking at the lights.
Korra says: "The spirits, dancing in the sky."
Cut to Jinora at the Southern Air Temple, staring in surprise as the statue she found herself in front begins to glow.
Cut back to the South Pole, as the team stare at the bright light that has emerged from the portal.
Mako says: "I can't believe it."
Bolin says: "It's beautiful."
Cut to Unalaq looking ahead with a grin. Cut to Tonraq speeding away from the spirit forest. He stops his snowmobile and looks back at the lights.
Tonraq says: "She did it."
Cut to Korra walking out of the forest.
Eska says: "Why are you initiating physical contact with another woman?"
Bolin looks at Eska with a weak fearful laugh, before Eska melts the ice wall.
Korra says: "Everything you said was true."
Unalaq says: "Avatar Korra, you have taken the first step in bringing balance back to the South, and soon the whole world."
Mako says: "You never cease to amaze me."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Korra says: "By the way, I'm really sorry for being a total pain."
Korra says: "Things were really stressful and pretty confusing."
Korra says: "It's hard being the Avatar."
Cut to the team returning back to the Southern Water Tribe. Korra, Mako, and Unalaq look out to see a number of large battleships entering the harbor. Cut to troops marching in. Cut to the sea, where there are more battleships approaching the city.
Korra says: "What are all your Northern troops doing here?"
Unalaq says: "Opening the spirit portal was only the first step in getting the Southern Water Tribe back on its righteous path."
Unalaq says: "There's more difficult work to be done before our two tribes are truly united."
Cut to Korra's unsure face, as she looks ahead at the troops.
Fade to credits.