Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "At night!"
Cut to a dumpster and uninhabited building with one street light shining on the mess.
Narrator says: "Even this lovely, peaceful city turns cold and spooky at night."
Dissolve a street in the center of two rows of buildings and lit lampposts shining lights onto the street.
Narrator says: "Lonely, haunting."
Dissolve to a lit alley way in between to large buildings in the shadows.
Narrator says: "With only shadow and silence for company."
Dissolve to a street underneath a bridge with two lit lampposts and flickering caution signals.
Narrator says: "A perfect place for the criminal element to fester and grow unchecked."
Cut to a low angle of a group of high rise buildings.
Narrator says: "Spreading terror and despair to all."
Pan quickly to right after a long pause.
Narrator says: "Oh yeah!"
Cut to the three girls flying through the city.
Buttercup says: "Oh, brother!"
Buttercup says: "Yet another uneventful night."
Blossom says: "You should be thankful."
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Would you rather have a giant monster smashing the city?"
Buttercup says: "At least we'd get some excitement."
Buttercup says: "Night after night with nothing."
Buttercup says: "I'm bored out of my mind!"
Bubbles says: "Be careful what you wish for!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, I'm wishing."
Blossom says: "Hey, look!"
Cut to an aerial view of the girls in the foreground looking below at five silhouettes underneath a lit street light. Cut to a closer high angle and the silhouettes are revealed to be the Gangreen Gang.
Bubbles says: "You wished for them?"
Buttercup says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "I thought you were over them."
A brief pause while Buttercup looks annoyed at Bubbles.
Buttercup says: "Why you gotta bring up old stuff?"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom appearing to be thinking about deciding what to do about the Gangreen Gang.
Cut to an aerial view of the girls in the foreground and the silhouettes of the gang.
Cut to a close-up of Blossom.
Blossom says: "They're not even a criminal element, just a nuisance."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, they're probably just down there making fart noises or something."
Cut to a closer high angle of the gang.
Blossom says: "'cause they're too lazy to get a job."
Blossom says: "Total losers."
A crash followed by an alarm is heard from o.c. and cut to a medium shot of Blossom.
Blossom says: "You hear that?"
Cut to a low angle of Ace under a street light flipping a quarter while in the background, the girls fly to investigate the crash. Cut to a close-up of Ace's hand flipping the quarter, then stopping and closing his hand on the quarter tightly. Cut to an extreme close-up of Ace.
Ace says: "It's on!"
Cut to a low angle of the flickering street light. Cut to a high angle of the whole gang under the flickering street light with Ace flipping the quarter again. The street light turns off and the screen goes black. The flickering light comes back on and the gang has vanished. Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall. From o.c., the gang run into the shot, then o.c. Cut to a long shot view of the gang running towards the viewer. Cut to part of the Townsville Hall courtyard. Ace runs into the shot and points to the left. Billy runs on screen and Arturo follows him. Billy lowers his arms to the ground and Arturo jumps onto his hands. Then, Billy tosses Arturo in the air. Cut to a low angle of Townsville Hall with Arturo flying up along the extertior of the building. Cut to Arturo landing on the top most part of the building. He takes out a laser, cuts a hole in the building, goes inside, and closes the hole.
Cut to Ace looking up at where Arturo was. He, then, turns and sets his watch. Cut to a close-up of the watch with the timer on. Cut to Ace looking at his watch. He holds up his finger, and after a few seconds gives the rest of the gang the signal to proceed. Then, he leaves o.c. and Snake, Grubber, and Billy follow. Cut to inside the air vents where Arturo from o.c. crawls down one air duct, then turns and crawls into another air duct. Cut to behind Arturo as he's crawling and he turns down another air duct.
Cut to outside the Security Access room in Townsville hall. Pan quickly downward to Ace running from o.c. and sitting against the wall. He looks at his watch and Billy comes into the shot. Then, snake peers into the shot. Cut to a close up of the door nob. Billy puts a small device with a red light near the door nob. Cut to close-ups of Billy and Snake with the Snake ready to press a button. Cut to a slow pan of Ace looking at his watch as he hold up his finger.
Cut to inside the air vents where Arturo from o.c. crawls down and stops in front of an opening below him. Cut to a view of the security screens. Pan down and to the right to a security guard on the computer with a cup of coffee. Cut to behind the guard on the computer. Cut to behind Arturo in the air vents. Cut to a close-up of Arturo holding up a red ball. Zoom in onto the red ball and it reads "nap time." Cut to a close-up of Arturo holding up the red ball as he drops it through the air vent. Cut to the guard on the computer. The red ball falls from o.c. into the cup of coffee. The guard takes a sip of the coffee and falls asleep.
Cut to Ace looking at his watch as he stops the timer. Cut to Billy and Snake where Snake presses the button. Cut to a close-up of the nob and the small red light turns green. Billy's arm from o.c. appears and opens the door. Cut to the security screen monitors showing the gang running through the building. Pan down to the security guard. Ace from o.c. runs past the security guard, then runs o.c. with Snake following behind. Billy stops where the security guard is, grabs the security guard by the hand and follows Ace and Snake o.c. Grubber appears from o.c. and jumps behind the security desk. Cut to a close-up of a "stop" button and an "eject" button. Grubber's finger presses "stop", then presses "eject." Cut to Grubber and the security monitors as they going blank with the tapes ejected. Cut to outside the Mayor's office. Pan down to a hand identification detector. Billy's arm from o.c. places the security guard's hand on to the detector. It scans the hand and it is approved.
Security System says: "Officer's deck verified."
Cut to inside the Mayor's. The doors  to the office fly open and Ace runs in. Cut to a profile shot of Ace running, then leaves o.c. Cut to a close-up of the Mayor's "Candy Cane" Collection.
Narrator says: "Not the Mayor's Candy Cane collection!"
Zoom into the clear doors to the collection. The doors open and Ace's arm coming form o.c. grabs a yellow and blue scepter. Cut to the security room where Grubber leaves o.c. with the security tapes, Ace leaves with the scepter, and Billy sets the sleeping security guard back in his chair before he leaves.
Dissolve to the exterior of the Townsville Dump with all five of the gang running towards it with the scepter. Cut to a large cave inside the dump. The five guys run towards it. Cut to inside the cave. The gang enters the cave and slows down as they approach a figure sitting in what appears to be a throne wearing red and black.
Ace says: "Success!"
All five guys bow in front of the figure.
Cut to a close-up of the gang still bowing.
Ace says: "Thanks to your training, my queen."
Sedusa says: "."
Sedusa says: "Heh, heh, heh!"
Sedusa says: "Indeed."
Sedusa says: "The mystic scepter of Cleopatra!"
Sedusa says: "With this I shall rule!"
Gang looks up at the figure and all of them agree that she is queen and ruler. Cut to part of the figure's right leg as she slams the scepter to the ground like a judge using a gavel.
Sedusa says: "Quiet!"
Cut to the gang groveling at her feet.
Ace says: "Ooh!"
Ace says: "Ooh!"
Ace says: "We beg your forgiveness!"
Arturo says: "Excuse us."
Snake says: "Sssorry."
Billy says: "Bah, ha, ha!"
Billy says: "Do it again!"
The figure sighs.
Sedusa says: "Ohh."
Sedusa says: "Now,  for doing THIS to me!"
Sedusa says: "Me!"
Narrator says: "Sedusa?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Fade to a flashback of the episode "Something's a Ms." Sedusa is wet and standing in front of a broken window looking nervous at what's in front of her.
Cut to Sedusa in front of the window.
Sedusa says: "No!"
Sedusa says: "Not that!"
Sedusa says: "Please!"
Sedusa says: "Anything but that!"
Cut to a close-up of Ms. Bellum's scissors getting ready to cut. Then, cut to the exterior of Ms. Bellum's house showing the silhouettes of the girls, Ms. Bellum, and Sedusa, who is still on her knees groveling and begging them not to cut her hair. Pan right to show Ms. Bellum's pool in the foreground and the Townsville skyline in the background.
Sedusa says: "No!"
Sedusa says: "No!"
Sedusa says: "Please, no!"
Sedusa says: "Stop!"
Sedusa says: "No!"
Sedusa says: "Don’t!"
Sedusa says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Fade back to the current episode with Sedusa pointing at her bald head.
Narrator says: "Okay, that explains everything."
Cut to a close-up of the gang.
Ace says: "Oh, but you look hot!"
Billy says: "Ah, yeah!"
Arturo says: "Oh, you fine, girl!"
Snake says: "It doesn’t really show."
Cut to Sedusa facing the gang.
Sedusa says: "Oh, my lovely boy band is so sweet!"
Ace says: "You‘re too kind, your queenieness!"
Cut to only Sedusa.
Sedusa says: "But now, you all must rest, for tomorrow is a big night."
Cut to the gang.
Sedusa says: "and you boys will be one step closer to your reward."
The gang melts into a puddle of green liquid. Screen fades to black then fades to show the exterior of Townsville Hall the next day. Cut to inside the Mayor's office with the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Mayor says: "So girls, What happened?"
Mayor says: "Who stole my candy cane?"
Ms. Bellum says: "It's a rare Egyptian scepter."
Mayor says: "But..."
Mayor says: "what?"
Ms. Bellum says: "It's a scepter."
Ms. Bellum says: "You're the one who thinks it's a candy cane."
Mayor says: "It tastes so sweet..."
Cut to Bubbles.
Bubbles says: "We've been all over and there's no clues!"
Bubbles says: "Nothing!"
Bubbles says: "A perfect heist!"
Pan right to Blossom.
Blossom says: "I can't figure it out."
Blossom says: "Who would want that scepter and why?"
Cut to Buttercup and the security guard sitting with apparently the same cup of coffee from the last night.
Buttercup says: "I'm telling you it was an inside job and he did it!"
Security Guard says: "What?"
Security Guard says: "Why would I steal it, little girl?"
Zoom out to show all the girls, the security guard, the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Blossom says: "Why don't you take us through it one more time?"
Security Guard says: "Working!"
Buttercup says: "Hey, whatever, pal!"
Security Guard turns to pick up his coffee.
Security Guard says: "I took a sip of my coffee..."
Mayor says: "Wow!"
Mayor says: "That's crazy!"
Buttercup says: "I still say he's faking it."
Cut to a close-up of the Mayor.
Mayor says: "But what does it mean?"
Cut to a further away shot of the Mayor and part of Ms. Bellum. Blossom flies in the shot from o.c.
Blossom says: "It means that whoever did this is totally on the ball!"
Bubbles flies from o.c.
Bubbles says: "And they'll strike again..."
Bubbles says: "tonight!"
Buttercup flies from o.c.
Buttercup says: "And that's when we'll catch 'em!"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom.
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We'll get your scepter back!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Cut to show all three girls fly up o.c. out of the Mayors office.
Mayor says: "Oooh!"
Mayor says: "Yeah!"
Mayor says: "Go get 'em, girls!"
Slide to show the girls flying through the sky at night.
Blossom says: "Okay, girls."
Blossom says: "Keep those eyes peeled."
Blossom says: "You know they're out here somewhere."
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "Look at that!"
Cut to an aerial view of the Gangreen Gang walking in the streets. Cut back to the girls.
Buttercup says: "Ugh, probably looking for more home decor ideas in the dumpsters."
All three girls laugh.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls."
Blossom says: "We have bigger fish to fry!"
The girls fly o.c. Cut to the gang walking towards the store, Z Diamonds. Cut to the girls flying through the sky. Then, cut to the sewer where the gang is standing while Snake, using a power saw, cuts a hole at the top of the sewer line, which leads to the jewelry store's pipe lines. Cut to a close up of Snake finishing cutting the hole. Billy's hand comes from o.c. and removes the excess cement from the hole. Cut to a close-up of Arturo laughing before Billy's arm reaches from o.c. He picks up Arturo and puts him through the hole. Cut to Arturo climbing through the store's pipe lines. Then, cut to Arturo using a laser to cut a hole through the wall. Cut to outside Z Diamonds. Then zoom through the store and on to an amulet with two snake heads. The wall behind the amulet is cut, leaving a giant hole. Arturo grabs the amulet and closes the hole.
Dissolve to a close-up on the amulet on Sedusa.
Zoom out to show Sedusa fully in the shot.
Sedusa says: "Especially on me."
Sedusa says: "Don't you think?"
Cut to a close-up of the gang.
Ace says: "Yeah!"
Ace says: "Oh, you look good!"
Snake says: "Oh, yesss."
Arturo says: "So good."
Billy says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah!"
Cut to close-up of Sedusa.
Sedusa says: "You boys have done so well."
The gang gushes bashfully. Cut to show Sedusa facing the gang.
Sedusa says: "And now with Cleopatra's mystic amulet and scepter in my possession, there is but one item left to retrieve."
Sedusa says: "But, this time, make sure the Powerpuff Girls not only see you, but follow you back here."
Cut to a close-up of the gang kneeling at her feet.
Ace says: "But..."
Ace says: "but, my queen, we're so good at stealing for you now, why get busted?"
Cut back to a close-up of Sedusa.
Sedusa says: "Oh, little sweethearts, don't worry."
Sedusa says: "With the last item in hand..."
Cut to a extreme close-up profile of Ace.
Ace says: "Ooohhhhooo!"
Cut back to a close-up of Sedusa.
Sedusa says: "And with the Powerpuff Girls out of the way..."
Cut back to a close-up of the gang.
Sedusa says: "..."
Sedusa says: "you boys will be one step closer to your reward."
Arturo and Billy gush. Cut back to a close-up of Sedusa, then fade to black.
Fade in to the exterior of Z Diamonds the next day. Cut to inside the store where police are investigating the crime scene. Zoom down to the girls facing the crime scene.
Blossom says: "This is crazy!"
Blossom says: "Another perfect job."
Blossom says: "No clues left behind."
Blossom says: "Nothing."
Bubbles says: "Except another Egyptian artifact stolen."
Buttercup says: "Chances are they try for another artifact tonight."
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "And I know just the place!"
Fade to the exterior of Townsville Museum at night.
Bubbles says: "The museum?"
Cut to the museum in the background with the girls in the foreground. They are watching the museum from the top of a near by building.
Blossom says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, I get it."
Buttercup says: "Where else can you find a bunch of old Egyptian stuff waiting to be stolen?"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom with Bubbles in the background.
Blossom says: "Bingo!"
Bubbles says: "I got a visual!"
Bubbles says: "Bogies, eight o' clock!"
Bubbles points and Blossom and Buttercup come over from o.c. Their mouths are being blocked by the edge of the building as well, with only their eyes revealed.
Buttercup says: "You know, "look over there" works just fine."
Bubbles says: "You have your way, I have mine!"
Cut to the streets below. The Gangreen Gang is coming from o.c. and carrying rope.
Blossom says: "What are they doing here?"
Buttercup says: "That's the third night in a row."
Bubbles says: "What's with the rope?"
Ace points o.c.
All three girls says: "Huh?"
The gang runs o.c. Cut back to the girls revealing only their eyes from the building above.
Bubbles says: "What are they doing?"
Cut to the exterior of Townsville Museum. The gang comes from o.c. and start swinging their ropes. Cut to the girls on the building now revealing only their heads.
Buttercup says: "No way!"
Blossom says: "You've got to be kidding me!"
Cut to inside the museum's glass sphere at the top of the building. The ropes from o.c. stick to the glass by circular rubber ends. Cut to the gang climbing up the exterior of the building using the ropes. Cut to the girls on the building.
Buttercup says: "It was them, the whole time?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "Let's wait and make sure."
Cut to inside the museum's glass sphere again. The gang jumps from o.c. onto the ledge outside the sphere. The glass  on the lowest part of the sphere opens and Ace jumps in the building. Cut to inside the building showing two security guards in the foreground who are not paying attention to their job. In the background, one by one, the gang swings from o.c. using their ropes, and then swing o.c.
Security guard #1 says: "Who would win in a fight?"
Security guard #1 says: "Mega Man or Mondo Dude?"
Security guard #2 says: "Uh..."
Security guard #2 says: "Mega Man."
Security guard #2 says: "Totally."
Cut to the other side of the sphere. Ace lands from o.c. with Grubber and Snake following him. Then, the three of them catch Billy, who is holding Arturo in one hand. They give Billy a boost and cut to a close-up of Billy lifting Arturo o.c. Cut to Arturo breaking through the ceiling, then to a close-up of Arturo looking o.c. Cut to a close up of a tiara with a snake in the center of it and the pedestal it rests on with the sign "Cleopatra's Tiara." Arturo's arm comes from o.c., swipes the tiara and leaves o.c. Cut to Arturo standing with the tiara over the hole he made. He jumps into the hole. Zoom out to show security guards keeping watch, not noticing the theft. Cut to down to inside the sphere. Arturo jumps into Billy's hands with the tiara while Ace faces them in the foreground. Arturo hands the tiara to Ace.Cut to a close-up of Ace taking the tiara. He raises an eyebrow then leaves o.c. very fast.
Cut to the girls at the top of the near by building.
Bubbles says: "Here they come!"
Cut to outside the museum where the gang jumps and flips in the air while landing outside the front of the museum. The gang runs o.c.
Cut to only part of Ace shown as he runs with the tiara.
Bubbles says: "An Egyptian tiara!"
Cut to the girls on the building.
Buttercup says: "There you go."
Buttercup says: "We blew it."
Buttercup says: "It was them all along."
Buttercup says: "We're idiots!"
Bubbles says: "Let's get 'em!"
Blossom says: "Not yet!"
Blossom says: "Something's amiss here, and we're going to find out what."
The girls fly up o.c. Fade to black.
Cut to the exterior of the Townsville Dump. The silhouettes of the gang can be seen going into the cave in the center of the dump. The girls appear into the shot in the foreground, facing the dump. Cut to inside the dump with the entrance to the cave visible and a sign that says "Keep Out" next to it. The girls fly from o.c. next to the entrance of the cave.
Sedusa's maniacal laugh can be heard from outside the cave.
Blossom says: "Shh!"
Blossom says: "That laugh!"
Cut to inside the cave where Ace is partially shown holding the tiara above his head while Sedusa laughs evilly o.c. She takes the tiara from Ace. Cut to Sedusa standing in front of her throne with all three artifacts.
Sedusa says: "Now I will rule all!"
Sedusa puts the tiara on her head and all of the artifacts glow. Sedusa continues to cackle maniacally.Cut to a close-up of Ace with Snake and Billy in the background. Looking happily at their queen. Cut back to a close-up of Sedusa. As she continues to cackle, her hair grows back. Zoom out a little on Sedusa to show more of her locks. Cut to a close-up of Ace.
Ace says: "It's beautiful!"
Cut to Sedusa in the background still cackling and one of her locks moving slowly to the foreground. As it gets closer, it's revealed to be a snake-head. Then snake-head hisses. Cut back to a close-up of Ace.
Ace says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Ace says: "That is awesome!"
Cut to a close-up of Snake looking happily at the snake-heads. Then, cut to Sedusa still cackling. She starts to grow in size. Cut to her high heel as she continues to grow in size. Cut to the girls peering into the cave.
All 3 Girls says: "Holy cow!"
Flash to outside the cave where Sedusa, still cackling, continues to grow until she is a giant. Cut to the girls on the ground.
Buttercup says: "Sedusa!"
Buttercup says: "That explains everything."
Blossom says: "And she's got snakes for hair!"
Bubbles says: "Asps!"
Bubbles says: "Very dangerous."
The gang run from o.c. past the girls and then run o.c. Cut to the gang bowing at Sedusa's feet as she starts to use her new powers.Cut to the girls again.
Buttercup says: "Huh!"
Buttercup says: "Typical guys."
Buttercup says: "See some curves, turn into gibbering idiots."
Her sisters stare at her.
Buttercup says: "Not like I care!"
Cut to an aerial view of the gang asking Sedusa for the reward she promised them. Cut to a close-up of Sedusa turning her head to look at the gang.
Sedusa says: "Oh, my sweet boys..."
Sedusa says: "…you PATHETIC fools!"
Sedusa says: "You served your purpose."
Sedusa says: "Now SCRAM!"
Cut to the gang looking shocked at Sedusa.
Ace says: "My… …mommy loves us!"
Ace says: "She loves us!"
Cut to Sedusa looking down at the gang.
Sedusa says: "Ha!"
Sedusa says: "You're nothing to me!"
Sedusa says: "I used you like the losers you are."
Sedusa says: "I never loved you."
Sedusa says: "I got what I wanted."
Sedusa says: "Now I'm gone, baby!"
Sedusa says: "AND SO ARE YOU!"
Cut to a green mud puddle in the dump. One by one, the gang falls in. Cut to the girls.
Blossom says: "Come on, let’s take her down!"
The girls fly o.c.
Cut to Sedusa destroying the city. She turns around.
Sedusa says: "Ahh, there you are!"
She aims her scepter at the girls. Cut to the girls being zapped by the scepter. Cut to show the giant Sedusa and the girls.
Sedusa says: "Batter up!"
Cut to the building where the girls have landed. They fly out and o.c. Cut to Sedusa destroying the city while the girls use their powers to try to stop her. Cut to a close-up of Sedusa.
Sedusa says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Sedusa says: "Your powers are nothing compared to mine."
Cut to a snake-head zapping Blossom. Then, cut to Sedusa looking angrily o.c. and using her scepter. The scepter zaps Bubbles. Cut to Buttercup charging at the giantess.
Buttercup says: "I'm still gonna take you down!"
Cut to Sedusa looking o.c. She punches Buttercup as she charges. Cut to Sedusa again.
Sedusa says: "I'M GONNA TEAR YOU GIRLS APART!"
She starts beating the girls, potentially to death, one by one. Cut to Bubbles whimpering on the ground. Sedusa's high heel steps on Bubbles, potentially crushing her to death. Cut to Blossom trying to find the strength to get up. The scepter comes from o.c. and hits Blossom. Cut to show Sedusa using the scepter to brutally hit Blossom again and again. Cut to Buttercup getting up from a hole in a building when something grabs her attention. Cut to Sedusa using her amulet to zap o.c. Cut to Buttercup getting zapped, then to the exterior of the building to show an explosion. Cut to Sedusa with her snake-heads.
Sedusa says: "Destroy!"
Sedusa says: "Destroy everything, my pretties!"
Cut to show one snake-head zapping. Then cut to show another snake-head zapping. Cut to a snake-head zapping and creating an explosion. Cut to a snake-head zapping the streets. Cut to four Snake heads zapping and creating a larger explosion. Cut to a close-up of Sedusa using her scepter to zap o.c. Cut to show the city and the huge explosion. Cut to Sedusa to show her and her snake-heads zapping everything. She zaps o.c. again and another huge explosion occurs in the city. Cut to a snake-head zapping, then to another snake-head zapping. Cut to the streets being zapped from o.c. Another huge explosion occurs. Cut to four snake-heads zapping the streets, then to Sedusa and her snake-heads zapping everything. The girls somehow survived the brutal and unremorseful attacks and fly towards her from o.c.
Cut to a close-up of the girls flying.
Buttercup says: "She's totally beating us!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah, she’s bad!"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom.
Blossom says: "MEGA-BLAST!"
Cut to the girls flying up. Each girl zaps a beam from her arm and the three beams come together to make one giant beam.
All 3 Girls says: "Ee-yah!"
Cut to Sedusa in the background as the beam comes from o.c. into the foreground. Cut to a close-up of Sedusa's amulet which absorbs the beam. Cut to the girls looking o.c. They look shocked.
Blossom says: "What the—"
Cut to a close-up of Sedusa. Zoom out to show her pointing her scepter. The snake-heads zap in the direction of the scepter. Cut to the girls getting zapped by all the snake-heads, then to the girls falling to the ground. Each girl bounces o.c. in a different direction.
Cut to a cloud of smoke. Blossom gets up from o.c. now in front of the smoke.
Blossom says: "Is there no way to stop this chick?"
The smoke starts to fade and Blossom's attention is now caught. She turns around  to face the gang and steps o.c. which shows the devastated Gangreen Gang.
Ace says: "The one item that allows all the magic to work."
Ace says: "Without it, the other items are useless, including the tiara itself."
Ace says: "It's all about the tiara."
Billy says: "IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT THE TIARA!"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom looking o.c.
Ace says: "Blossom?"
Blossom looks o.c. Cut to an extreme close-up of Ace.
Ace says: "Bring her down for US!"
Cut to a close-up of Blossom looking confidently o.c. She flies up o.c.
Cut to Sedusa and her snake-heads destroying everything. Cut to a close-up of the girls flying.
Blossom says: "Distract her, girls!"
Buttercup and Bubbles fly o.c. Zoom in on Blossom. Cut to Sedusa as Bubbles and Buttercup fly past her and zap her. Sedusa turns and notices them.
Sedusa says: "Ha!"
Sedusa says: "More flies!"
Sedusa says: "This time, I FINISH YOU!"
Her snake-heads stretch o.c. Cut to the night sky. Bubbles and Buttercup fly up from o.c. with the snake-heads behind them. Cut to Bubbles and Buttercup  trying to out-fly the snake-heads. The snake-heads hiss as they get closer. Cut back to Sedusa looking o.c. confidently. Then, Blossom flies from o.c., grabs the tiara and flies o.c. Suddenly, Sedusa's snake-heads are gone. Cut to Bubbles and Buttercup trying to out-fly the snake-heads. As the snake-heads vanish, they look behind them proudly.
Cut to a close-up of Sedusa. Zoom down to follow her as she shrinks. She is now balancing on a long plank that extends from one edge of the mud pool that the gang fell in to the other edge. Cut to a close-up of Sedusa trying not to fall in the mud.
Sedusa says: "Whoa!"
Sedusa says: "Whoa!"
Sedusa says: "Boys?"
Sedusa says: "Boys, help me!"
Cut to show Sedusa in the foreground facing the gang with the girls floating above them on the other side of the mud pool.
Sedusa says: "Mommy loves you!"
Sedusa says: "This time, we rule together!"
Cut to a close-up of Ace with Snake in the background.
Sedusa says: "No lie!"
Sedusa says: "I mean it, really!"
As Ace looks o.c., a tear comes down his right cheek. A faint tear also comes down Snake's right cheek. Cut to the girls. Each girl is holding one artifact.
Blossom says: "Gee!"
Blossom says: "Bet you wish you still had these, don’t ya, cow!"
Blossom says: "?"
Cut to a close-up of Sedusa looking angrily up o.c. She turns to look eye level o.c.
Sedusa says: "I'll make all your dreams come true."
Sedusa says: "Come on!"
Sedusa says: "What do you say?"
Cut to an extreme close-up of Ace with tears running down his right cheek.
Ace says: "Fool me once, shame on you."
Ace says: "But fool me twice?"
Cut to Sedusa looking shocked. Then, cut to the whole gang in the background and Sedusa's leg in the foreground.
Cut to Ace with the girls floating above him.
Ace says: "She's all yours, girls."
Ace says: "Come on, guys."
Ace says: "Let's hit some video games at the mini-mart."
Ace leaves o.c. and the rest of the gang follows him. Cut to Sedusa on her butt in the mud.
Sedusa says: "Aah!"
Cut to the girls with the artifacts looking o.c. victoriously.
Sedusa says: "I will return!"
The girls fly up o.c. Cut to Sedusa whining in the mud again. Zoom in on her as she whines.
Sedusa says: "I'll have my vengeance."
Sedusa says: "YOU'LL SEE!"
Sedusa says: "I will return again!"
Sedusa says: "I'll be back!"
Narrator says: "Oh, no, you won't, sister!"
The background behind Sedusa dissolves into the inside of a jail cell. Medal bars slide in front of her.
Narrator says: "Because you're in jail!"
Narrator says: "Ha, ha!"
Zoom out to show that Sedusa is in a jail cell.
Bubbles says: "All's well that ends well."
Pan down to show all three girls with the mayor.
Buttercup says: "Sedusa's in jail."
Blossom says: "And all the artifacts are back in place."
Cut to a close-up of the mayor.
Mayor says: "And I got my candy cane back!"
Narrator says: "Yes indeed!"
The background for the end shot comes up and the girls appear in their usual pose.
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
The girls zoom out to the top left of the screen and the Gangreen Gang appears.
Narrator says: "And the Gangreen Gang."
The End!
We’ll see you again soon!