Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
As he continues, turn down to street level and pan alongside the block, crowded with activity.
Narrator says: "A bustling metropolis where the hustle and bustle of the city never ends."
Cut to an empty intersection.
Narrator says: "Day in, day out."
Narrator says: "But by night, these hardworking citizens—"
Cut to a boy asleep in a tire swing.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "tired—"
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "drained and exhausted—"
A mechanic sleeps beneath a car he has been fixing; next, we see a dog asleep in a yard.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "fall deep into a nocturnal slumber land."
Narrator says: "What is it, boy?"
It begins barking frantically; across town, others take up the refrain.
Narrator says: "Who could be awake at this hour?"
Close-up of an attack dog with a spiked collar; pull back to show it within the fenced outer perimeter of the jail. Cut to the entrance, with two armed guards stationed at it; the doors open, and the camera moves quickly down the hall to a second door that is also being guarded. This opens as well; move down to a third door, this one without any guards like the previous two. The locking wheel spins, and the door opens to reveal a set of bars in front of a black void. These slide away like a jail cell door; the camera advances into the darkness.
After a moment, Mojo Jojo’s face is partially illuminated.
Mojo says: "Finally, after sitting and thinking for a very long time, I, Mojo Jojo—"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "have devised the perfect plan to crush the only obstacle keeping me from ruling the world!"
The box is made of steel and has a pink ribbon. On the end of the line, pull back to show him in a cell, with a tire swing hanging from the ceiling.
Mojo says: "Once this gift is delivered tomorrow morning, all I have to do is wait!"
He holds the box above his head and laughs. Pan to the cell next to him; Princess Morbucks is inside. The cell contains a canopy bed and fancy furniture and wallpaper. Her cell looks like it was made a little more formal and proper for her compared to Mojo's while she sulks in prison for her own crimes. She is tying the ribbon on a round box. She wears the yellow Powerpuff dress and accessories she styled for herself in “Stuck Up, Up and Away.”.
Princess says: "There!"
Princess says: "That’s perfect!"
Princess says: "No one will be able to resist this perfect package."
Princess says: "I’ll have my people deliver it tonight, and by tomorrow—"
Princess says: "—"
Princess says: "this Princess will be Queen!"
She laughs. Pan to the next cell on the block, which holds the Amoeba Boys.
Bossman says: "So…  …you thought we were a joke, huh?"
Bossman says: "Yes, you thought we were cute."
Bossman says: "Well, now what do you think of us?"
Pull back; Skinny Slim and Tiny, a.k.a. Junior, is next to him. He holds a present of his own.
Junior says: "Uh…hey, Boss, who you talkin’ to?"
Bossman says: "Uh…oh!"
Bossman says: "Uh, I’m, uh, just practicing my speech for when we take over Townsville."
Slim says: "Duh…you really think our plan is gonna work?"
Junior says: "Work."
Bossman says: "Right!"
Junior says: "But, Boss, we ain’t got no people."
Bossman says: "No…  …but we do have that!"
Close-up of the cell’s toilet. The package is thrown in, and the flush handle is pressed. The water swirls around the bowl.
Dissolve to a smiling sun in a clear sky and turn down to the girls’ house, which has a big red ribbon on it. Stanley Whitfield stands across the street with a microphone, doing a news broadcast. The caption “5 NEWS” appears next to him.
Whitfield says: "This is Stanley Whitfield, live in front of the Powerpuff household, where a birthday party is finally getting underway—"
At the end of this, dissolve to a lawn full of party guests and begin to pan across it. The Mayor and Ms. Bellum—her face hidden by a balloon—are present, as are the Professor, Ms. Keane, and the Talking Dog.
Whitfield says: "—"
Whitfield says: "for Townsville’s favorite heroines—"
Whitfield says: "the Powerpuff Girls."
Stop on the girls, looking up at a table loaded with presents. Bubbles and Buttercup wear color-coordinated party hats; Blossom does not, on account of her hair bow.
Buttercup says: "I say we take a closer look."
Blossom says: "Good idea."
They fix their gaze at the pile. Cut to their perspective of it. Images of the items in the boxes fade into view—they are using their X-ray vision to peek inside. However, the Professor pops into view, his skeleton visible thanks to their X-ray vision. He wears a white party hat, and has every intention of not letting the girls see their gifts until the proper time.
[Note says: "During this shot, we see that two of the guests are Rainbow the Clown, from “Mime for a Change,” apparently released from jail for good behavior, and the old woman who was almost crushed by the giant turtle in “Octi Evil."
Professor says: "No, no, no!"
Professor says: "No X-ray vision!"
Girls says: "CAKE TIME!!!"
[Note says: "In this shot, we see that the truck driver who almost hit Rainbow in “Mime for a Change” is also in attendance."
Buttercup says: "Sit down!"
Guests says: "Hap—"
Bubbles says: "NO SINGING!!!"
Blossom says: "CAKE!!!"
[Animation goof says: "Bubbles’ mouth, not Blossom’s, moves on this line."
Realizing his screw-up from earlier with saying that fine print, and with the girls wanting to get to the presents ASAP, hence their hustle with getting to the cake and keeping everyone quiet from singing "Happy Birthday", the Professor sets a cake with three candles—one of each girl’s color—in front of them so they can get it over with.
Professor says: "Okay, okay, here it is."
Professor says: "Now blow out the can—"
They blow; the cake goes airborne and sails out of sight.
Professor says: "Candles..."
Professor says: "?"
His one means to stall the girls from opening their presents is gone in an instant with him left at a loss for words. Now the girls can get to what they wanted in the first place now that the Professor's stall tactics have been removed from play.
Girls says: "PRESENTS!!!"
They begin climbing all over the pile, trying to decide which one to open first. After a few seconds of indecision, finally, they hold up a box with light blue wrapping and a pink bow.
Girls says: "This one!"
The crowd cheers. One woman bears a resemblance to Princess Leia. Pull back; Whitfield is in the foreground, with the girls jumping excitedly by the presents.
Whitfield says: "And this is the moment we’ve all been waiting for."
Whitfield says: "Okay, girls, let ’er rip!"
With that cue from Whitfield, they tear into the box, bringing scissors to bear, untying the ribbon, and ripping off shreds of paper. The Professor’s voice stops them.
Professor says: "Who’s it from?"
Back to them; now the outline of a TV screen is visible around the picture.
Blossom says: "Hmm."
Blossom says: "There’s no name."
Blossom says: "Just this picture of a banana."
She holds this up. Mojo’s laughter is heard; pull back to show the TV in the common area of the jail. Prisoners sit watching; Mojo moves into view, his back to the camera.
Mojo says: "The Powerpuff Girls are moments away from their demise."
Mojo says: "Once they open that box, I, Mojo Jojo, will rule the world!"
Princess says: "Sit down, Mojo."
He turns around angrily to glare at Princess for interrupting his victory; cut to her. A prisoner is filing her nails—rather hard to do, considering the fact that she still wears her gloves, yet she doesn't seem to mind or take notice of this.
Princess says: "You haven’t defeated anyone yet, and when your present backfires, I’ll have my chance to exterminate those brats."
Bossman says: "Yeah!"
Bossman says: "And after Princess gets rid of ’em, then we’ll get rid of ’em with our present!"
Slim says: "Yeah!"
Junior says: "Yeah!"
Mojo says: "Shut up!"
Mojo says: "In a few moments, there won’t be any presents!"
Mojo says: "Whatever you had planned will be destroyed, along with the Powerpuff Girls!"
Mojo says: "Behold!"
Mojo says: "The end is near!"
Snap to black and wipe, the girls looking down at the camera, as the sound of a box being opened is heard. They are looking down into Mojo’s present.
Girls says: "What is it?"
Camera shifts to show them around the box—it is the steel container Mojo was wrapping. A fountain of machinery erupts from within and expands in all directions. When it subsides, the girls find themselves staring at a pair of huge metal feet. Turn up from these to show a towering robot, colored blue and purple, standing in the yard.
Robot says: "I am a gift from Mojo Jojo."
Robot says: "I hope you have enjoyed your birthday, for it will be your last."
The girls gasp; the crowd does likewise. The Mayor is completely oblivious compared to everyone else.
Mayor says: "Isn’t that nice?"
The robot lifts one foot and brings it down toward the girls; they scramble just before it hits the ground. The impact throws the guests into the air, and the girls rush to save them all. After everyone is safe on the ground again, they fly up to engage the robot. Its arms and legs extend in an attempt to hit the girls as they go in different directions. The head chases Bubbles and tries to bite her. They finally stop flying, leaving the robot tied in a huge knot and completely unable to move. Bubbles lands by the feet and delivers a kick that sends it crashing to the grass. The guests cheer. In the jail though, Mojo’s fellow prisoners jeer and boo him. His plan to destroy the girls has failed, so his earlier taunting was all for nothing, and he is livid about it.
Mojo says: "Shut up!"
Mojo says: "SHUT UP!!"
Princess says: "Ha-ha!"
Mojo says: "Cursed Powerpuff Girls!"
Mojo says: "I’ll have my day!"
Pull back to show the other prisoners still booing.
Princess says: "In the meantime, move your big empty head."
Princess says: "It’s blocking the TV."
He stomps away, seething with rage. Cut to her.
Princess says: "Everyone, QUIET!"
Princess says: "They’re opening my present next."
Cut to the girls and the crowd standing around Princess’ gift.
Bubbles says: "Oh!"
Bubbles says: "This one looks pretty."
Mayor says: "Well, open it already!"
Blossom and Bubbles untie the ribbon, and Buttercup lifts the lid, holding it overhead. We can see that the inside surface is a black-and-white bullseye.
Girls says: "Ooooh!"
Blossom says: "There’s nothing in it."
Bubbles says: "Hey, look, what’s that?"
Professor says: "It’s a circular lid with three rings retracting outward."
Rainbow says: "A hypno-disc!"
Mayor says: "It’s some kind of strange eyeball!"
We hear the sound of an aircraft flying overhead.
Professor says: "Hey, what’s that?"
Girls says: "Huh?"
(His perspective says: "a skywriting message high above him."
(His perspective says: ")"
Professor says: "“Happy birthday from Princess!"
Professor says: "”…aw, isn’t that nice?"
A missile roars into view; the camera follows it. It bears Princess’ seal and has a black-and-white bullseye painted on its nose cone. On the ground, the girls tense for action.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls!"
Blossom flies out ahead of her sisters, straight toward the missile, but dodges aside at the last second to avoid a collision. She charges in again, this time toward the rear, and grabs hold of one of the tail fins. Pulling with all her might, she manages to wrench the end of the missile loose. She throws it aside and calls to Buttercup.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Look out!"
The missile roars toward her.
Buttercup says: "Huh?"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "that’s a bullseye!"
The missile slams into her and carries her along; she tries to slow it down.
Buttercup says: "Get rid of the target!"
Bubbles flies down, grabs the bullseye that was in the box, and throws it like a Frisbee. It sticks on the Professor’s face; he screams in terror as several of the party-goers look at him with fear, including the Princess Leia look-alike.
Professor says: "Get it off!"
Professor says: "Get it off, get it off!"
He pulls it free and throws it. Cut to Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane says: "Wha—"
Ms. Keane says: "?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
Buttercup says: "HURRY!!"
On the ground, Ms. Keane squeals and flings the bullseye aside. Rainbow ducks out of its path, and the Mayor jumps up to catch it.
Mayor says: "I got it!"
Buttercup says: "Can’t…hold…on!"
She loses her grip on the missile and is sent tumbling through the air. Now Bubbles moves in, speeding under the missile as it continues its nose-dive toward the ground. Back to the Mayor.
Mayor says: "I got it!"
Mayor says: "I got the little bugger!"
Mayor says: "I got it!"
Bubbles flashes past him and snatches it from his hand, leaving him disappointed. She climbs into the sky again; when the missile follows, it leaves a trail of exhaust that causes everyone to cough. In the sky, Bubbles has a slight lead on her pursuer. She hurls the bullseye ahead of herself; cut to it, spinning in midair. The missile roars into view and hits it, and an explosion fills the screen. Turn down from this to the girls, floating in front of the house and facing the cheering guests.
Guests says: "Hooray!"
In the jail, the prisoners boo Princess. Another plot foiled.
Princess says: "That’s not fair!"
Princess says: "I was so close!"
Mojo says: "Ha!"
Mojo says: "You weren’t any closer to destroying them than me!"
Bossman says: "Tough luck, suckers."
Bossman says: "I guess it’s up to us to take care of business."
Mojo says: "Oh, puh-lease."
Mojo says: "You guys really think you’re going to beat the Powerpuff Girls?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Bossman says: "You think you guys are so clever."
Bossman says: "But where you both failed, we will succeed!"
Bossman says: "And then you’ll—"
Mojo says: "Oh, shut up already."
Mojo says: "They’re opening your present."
Bossman says: "What present?"
Cut to the girls, holding up a long yellow box.
[Animation goof says: "The Boys’ present is a different size from when it was seen in their cell."
Girls says: "This one!"
Professor says: "Now, girls, make sure it’s safe."
Professor says: "You’d better read the card."
(Blossom has this. Her perspective of it says: "it bears a skull and crossbones along with a message."
(Blossom has this. Her perspective of it says: ")"
Blossom says: "It says, “Happy birthday, Powerpuff Girls."
Blossom says: "From your bestest pals, the Amoeba Boys."
[Dialogue/animation goof says: "The message on the card reads, “Your friends, the Amoeba Boys."
Professor says: "Oh, well, no worry."
Professor says: "They can’t do anything right!"
The crowd laughs at this; in the jail, everybody razzes the Boys. Princess and Mojo sit to either side of them as they give them a raspberry as well.
Princess says: "Ha-ha!"
Mojo says: "Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah!"
Back to the girls as they open the present.
Girls says: "Yaaay!"
Girls says: "Ooooh!"
(Their perspective of the contents says: "crude figures in the likenesses of Bubbles and Blossom."
(Their perspective of the contents says: "As Bubbles speaks, pan across to show one in Buttercup’s image as well."
(Their perspective of the contents says: ")"
Girls says: "Dolls!"
Bubbles says: "Aww, and they look just like us!"
Girls says: "Thank you, Amoeba Boys!"
Back to the jail. The Boys look pleased with themselves.
Bossman says: "Well?"
Princess says: "You gave them dolls?!"
Princess says: "!"
Bossman says: "Voodoo dolls!"
Bossman says: "Let the torture begin!"
Mojo says: "You pinheads!"
Mojo says: "You’re not supposed to give them the dolls!"
Mojo says: "The dolls are what you stick the needles in!"
Bossman says: "So?"
Bossman says: "What’s your point?"
Mojo and Princess groan loudly in disgust and frustration at the Amoeba Boys and their continuing stupidity. A third attempt to take out the Girls having backfired. Above them, the party continues on TV.
Mojo says: "Now we’ll definitely never destroy those brats!"
Boys says: "We’re sorry."
“Him” says: "Ohhh, don’t take it so hard."
Mojo, Princess, and the Boys gasp. Pull back; the other prisoners are equally shocked and unnerved at hearing the voice of that evil incarnate.
Mojo says: "“Him”!"
Princess says: "“Him”!"
Boys says: "“Him”!"
Close-up of the TV, zooming in; as “Him” speaks, the screen outline disappears—we are back at the party.
“Him” says: "You see, the thing about gift giving is, it’s the thought that counts."
“Him” says: "And obviously, thinking isn’t your strong point."
“Him” says: "Watch and learn."
The girls are again gathered around the pile of presents.
“Him” says: "Ooh, girls, that one won’t do."
“Him” says: "How about the strange-looking gift you didn’t notice?"
Blossom says: "Or the strange-looking gift we didn’t notice."
Girls says: "Oh, look!"
Girls says: "A piñata!"
Girls says: "Professor, can we play with it, please?"
During this line, “Him” nods pleadingly o.c. Cut to the Professor, who is very wary after what happened with Mojo and Princess' gifts.
Professor says: "Oh, now, I don’t know, girls."
Professor says: "Someone might get hurt."
Professor says: "But what the heck."
Girls says: "Yay!"
Girls says: "Huh?"
Extreme close-up of the piñata’s eye, glowing. After a moment, it narrows in anger. The creation grows until it towers over the girls. The crowd screams and runs for cover. We see a screaming kid with a balloon whisked out of danger and being pulled along by Ms. Keane. Close-up of the Mayor, holding up a balloon animal.
Mayor says: "Ta-da!"
He is yanked o.c., dropping the animal; Ms. Bellum has him by the hand and is pulling him along. Her balloon still hides her face. The bull paws the ground and charges at the girls. They take to the air to avoid it; it continues its rush and plows through a row of houses.
Blossom says: "Whoa!"
Blossom says: "This bulldozing bull is busting up our birthday bash!"
Pull back; the bull rears up in the foreground, snorts, and thunders toward them again. They prepare to meet its attack, but it turns aside at the last second and smashes the pile of presents. The crowd is thrown into even more of a frenzy by the charges. Head-on view of the house, which is smashed to rubble when the bull plows into it from behind.
Girls says: "Our presents!"
That tears it. The destruction of the gifts has them seeing red, and they angrily take the offensive, flying in three different directions. Buttercup pulls a cable loose from a telephone pole, and Blossom uproots a tree. Bubbles, meanwhile, flies up in front of the bull’s face and gives it a big fat raspberry. This makes the creature angry, and it bellows and charges after her.
Bubbles says: "Hurry!"
Above the bull’s hindquarters, Buttercup is twirling the cable like a lasso. She catches it around the midsection; it stops short and looks back at her threateningly.
Buttercup says: "Uh-oh."
The bull starts to buck all around, trying to throw her off, and she yells in fear and surprise. Blossom flies in, carrying the tree.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Now!"
Buttercup drops to the ground and digs in her heels. The bull begins to slow down. She throws the free end of the cable over a nearby water tower, where Bubbles waits in midair and catches it.
Bubbles says: "Got it, sis!"
She drops to the pavement, hauling on the line; Buttercup joins in the effort. The bull is lifted into the air, now helpless to escape. Now Blossom flies in, the tree pulled back for a swing, and her face changing from an angry grimace to a satisfied smile. She lands by the water tower, ready to unload, but stops when she hears the Professor.
Professor says: "Don’t forget your blindfold."
Pull back; he has a strip of cloth draped over his outstretched hand. He ties this over Blossom’s eyes, and she moves in for the finishing blow once again, this time grimacing again. She swings and scores a direct hit, and an explosion fills the screen.
Narrator says: "Bullseye!"
The explosion gives way to a shower of candy. Turn down from this to ground level, bringing “Him” into view, on the next line.
“Him” says: "And so, with the party crashed and their presents crushed, the Powerpuff Girls have finally been defeated."
On the end of this, the screen border reappears and the camera pulls back to show the other villains watching.
Mojo says: "Defeated?"
Mojo says: "What are you talking about?"
Princess says: "You gave everyone candy!"
Bossman says: "Everyone loves candy!"
“Him” says: "Oh, simpleminded mortals."
“Him” says: "You must plan for the future."
“Him” says: "What is candy today becomes cavities tomorrow!"
Princess says: "Just admit it."
Princess says: "You lost!"
Mojo says: "You destroyed no one!"
Bossman says: "Yeah!"
[Animation goof says: "The mouths of all three of the Boys move."
“Him” says: "Why destroy, when I can torture with tooth decay?"
Mojo says: "Oh, brother."
Princess says: "What a sore loser."
Cut to the remains of the party, panning across the lawn. A piece of Princess’ missile sticks out of the ground, the smashed piñata still hangs from the water tower, and bits of the presents are scattered about. Stop on the girls, standing in front of the guests and looking very dejected. The Professor looks at them with deep concern.
Professor says: "What’s wrong, girls?"
Blossom says: "We’re sorry, everyone."
Blossom says: "We just wanted a normal birthday party."
Buttercup says: "But everything went wrong."
Bubbles says: "Our birthday was a disaster."
Rainbow says: "Ha!"
Rainbow says: "Are you kidding?!"
Rainbow says: "!"
Rainbow says: "That was the greatest birthday party ever!"
Ms. Keane says: "Yes!"
Ms. Keane says: "It was super!"
Ms. Keane says: "Superheroic!"
Professor says: "You see, girls?"
Professor says: "Everything turned out all right."
Mayor says: "Speak for yourselves."
Mayor says: "That candy gave me a doozy of a toothache!"
He moans in pain as everybody else laughs. Pull back; Whitfield is once again in the foreground.
Whitfield says: "And so once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls."
Narrator says: "Hey, buddy, that’s my line."
Narrator says: "Let me show you how it’s done, Junior."
He clears his throat as the standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Oh, I’m good."