(Opening scene says: "Bliss is seen sleeping in a stasis bubble as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup watch, the Professor on the lab computer going through it taking a small paper certificate after it prints."
(Opening scene says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Professor, what's going on?"
Professor says: "Not now, Bubbles."
Back to Blossom and Buttercup.
Blossom says: "Wow, Bliss is our sister?"
Bubbles says: "But hey, at least you all know I'm not crazy anymore, right?"
Buttercup says: "No."
Bubbles says: "Hi, cutie!"
Blossom says: "Aw!"
Bubbles says: "Aw!"
Buttercup says: "Aw!"
the Professor says: "Aw!"
Professor says: "Okay, now back to the matter at hand."
Buttercup says: "Professor, who is she?"
Professor says: "No more questions, girls."
Blossom says: "Why didn't you tell us we had a sister?"
Buttercup says: "Where did she come from?"
Bubbles says: "And why is she locked in that thing?"
Blossom says: "Wait a minute."
Blossom says: "You spilled Chemical X when you made us."
Blossom says: "You made the same mistake twice?"
Blossom says: "You should really clean that up."
Professor says: "Uh, yeah."
Buttercup says: "Favorite?"
Buttercup says: "Bliss is your favorite kid?"
Professor says: "Sweetie, I don't have favorites."
Professor says: "She was scared."
Professor says: "I was scared."
Professor says: "It got right to the point where things at any moment could go horribly wrong."
Memory Bliss says: "I want milk."
Memory Professor says: "O-okay, honey."
Memory Professor says: "O-okay."
Memory Bliss says: "I want milk!"
Memory Professor says: "BLISS, NOOOO!"
Memory Bliss says: "I WANT MILK!"
Professor says: "And when I came too, she was gone."
Professor says: "I assumed the worst."
Memory Professor says: "Nooooooooooo!"
Memory flashback ends.
Blossom says: "Aw, Professor."
Bubbles says: "We're so sorry."
Bubbles says: "Ow!"
Buttercup says: "Stop crying, Bubbs."
All of them recover.
Professor says: "Girls, I am so happy Bliss is home, but I won't lose her again."
Professor says: "That is why she must stay in the stasis field until I'm certain her powers are under control."
Bubbles says: "I always wanted a big sister."
Bubbles says: "Maybe she can teach us about boys."
Blossom says: "Or how to drive a car."
Buttercup says: "Or how to hit a boy with a car."
Floating to the stasis bubble around Bliss.
Blossom says: "I wonder if her powers are really as dangerous as the Professor says they are."
Bliss and MIH wake up scared, Bliss screaming as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup scream as well. All 4 of them continue screaming as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup hug each other, MIH screaming after they stop. Bliss punches every side of the stasis bubble trying to get out but can't, stopping.
Bliss says: "I'm trapped!"
Bliss says: "Let me out!"
Blossom says: "WE CAN'T."
Blossom says: "THE PROFESSOR SAYS YOUR POWERS ARE DANGEROUS!"
Bliss says: "MY POWERS ARE DANGEROUS."
Bliss says: "THAT'S WHY YOU SHOULD LET ME OUT!"
Blossom says: "THIS DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE!"
Bubbles says: "WHY IS EVERYBODY YELLING?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Bubbles says: "Oh, 'cause we're fighting like a real family."
Blossom says: "We're sisters, Bliss."
Blossom says: "Why would you want to leave when we just met you?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, does Blossom smell that bad?"
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Buttercup says: "We heard that part already."
Memory Bliss says: "I WANT MILK!"
Bliss says: "My powers were too dangerous."
Bliss says: "I destroyed everything I touched."
Bliss says: "And if I stayed, I just..."
Bliss says: "But I wasn't lonely for long because someone very special came into my life."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, let her tell the story."
Buttercup says: "Fine."
Bliss says: "My pet elephant."
Buttercup says: "And MIH is best friends with the brick that  has a devil-may-care..."
Buttercup says: "Chi-chi-chica."
Memory plays again.
On the beach.
Bliss says: "MIH and I were the best of friends."
Bliss says: "We spent many years together on the island, now we had so so much fun,  And the Professor."
Bliss says: "With MIH's support, I decided to go back to Townsville just to make sure the Professor was okay."
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
Memory Teenage Bliss says: "Huh?"
Memory ends, back to reality.
Bliss says: "But now I realize it was a mistake."
Bliss says: "You have to let me go!"
Bubbles says: "You can't leave."
Bubbles says: "You're family."
Bliss says: "Family?"
Professor says: "Sorry, girls."
Professor says: "There was no ham."
Mojo Jojo says: "handsome."
Mojo Jojo says: "And Mojo is here to destroy..."
Bliss says: "Mojo?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Bliss?"
Blossom says: "You guys know each other?"
Bubbles says: "Ooh, is Mojo our sister, too?"
Buttercup says: "Ugh, heard it."
Mojo Jojo says: "Oh."
Mojo Jojo says: "Bliss was Mojo's best friend."
Young Mojo Jojo looks out from a wall of the destroyed house watching as Young Memory Bliss zips away.
Mojo Jojo says: "Mojo was sad to see Bliss fly bye-bye."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now Mojo sees his best friend."
Mojo Jojo says: "Here, but has most, on, curse on enemies."
Bliss says: "Enemies?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Yes."
Mojo Jojo says: "Join your best friend forever, forever!"
Professor says: "NOOOOOOOO!"
Laughing, Mojo switches the lever, his hand ready to get Bliss, but the garage opens instead.
Mojo Jojo says: "Oops."
Professor says: "It's the other lever."
Mojo Jojo says: "Oh, so silly."
Professor says: "Yeah, I get that wrong all the time."
Mojo switches the right lever.
Professor says: "NOOOOOOOO!"
The stasis bubble disappears releasing Bliss.
Mojo Jojo says: "Now, come to me, Bliss!"
Bubbes says: "Bliss, we're family."
Bubbes says: "Let us help you!"
Professor says: "Bliss, I can help you!"
All 5 of the people Bliss cares about overwhelm her as her power merges getting stronger and dangerous.
Bliss says: "Oh-oh, no!"
Bliss says: "My powers are too dangerous."
Bubbles says: "Bliss is gone!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Gone?"
Mojo Jojo says: "But I thought we were friends."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now, if you would validate Mojo's parking, he'll be on his way."
Buttercup says: "Dude, we don't have a valet."
Buttercup says: "Did you give your car, too?"
Bubbles says: "I can't believe we lost our sister."
Blossom says: "I'm so sorry, Professor."
Buttercup says: "Wait, where;s the Professor?"
Clinking is heard.
Blossom says: "The kitchen."
Blossom says: "Bliss?"
Bubbles says: "Bliss?"
Buttercup says: "Bliss?"
Bliss says: "Oh, hi, guys."
Blossom says: "You're still here."
Professor says: "Yes."
Professor says: "We talked it over and she decided to stay."
Bliss says: "Yeah, I just thought that maybe I'd give this family thing a try."
Bliss says: "And maybe together, we can figure out how to control my powers."
Blossom says: "YAY!"
Bubbles says: "YAY!"
Buttercup says: "YAY!"
Bliss says: "My bad."
Episode ends.