Theme Song.
The episode starts at the Powerpuff Girls' house.
Teacher says: "You're late."
Buttercup says: "So, what do you think?"
Buttercup says: "Pretty fierce superhero cut, right?"
Bubbles says: "My review: I think it was aggressive, yet inspiring."
Blossom says: "And I think that was the school's last kickball."
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Buttercup says: "All right."
Buttercup says: "My video got me another follower."
An unnamed boy made out of butter follows Buttercup on her video.
We go on to the next day where Buttercup thinks she is having an off day. She tries to punch the pig alarm clock again multiple times, but fails.
Buttercup says: "What the..."
Buttercup says: "?"
Buttercup says: "Come on."
Buttercup says: "There we go."
Buttercup says: "Um..."
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
She tries to skate on the railing going down the stairs and she falls on the ground.
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "Man, something is up with me today."
Blossom says: "Relax."
Blossom says: "You're fine."
Buttercup says: "See?"
Buttercup says: "It's like I've lost my mojo."
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "He's right over there."
Camera zooms to Mojo Jojo on the slide with impatient children and a child crying.
Mojo Jojo says: "Mojo will go down at his own pace."
We go back to Blossom and Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "You know what I mean."
Buttercup says: "I just feel off."
Bubbles says: "Hey, guys."
Bubbles says: "Want to go to Penguin Pete's?"
Bubbles says: "I've got scoupons!"
Bubbles says: "It's 2-for-1 Scoop Day!"
Blossom says: "Oh."
Blossom says: "I'm sure that will make you feel better."
Buttercup says: "Nah."
Buttercup says: "I'm not feeling so hot."
Buttercup says: "I'm just gonna head home."
Blossom says: "OK."
Blossom says: "Call us if you change your mind."
A milk jug is shown falling out of the sky.
Barry says: "Incoming."
It hits Buttercup who falls on the grass caused by it and lands on her head which turns brown.
Barry says: "Sorry, Buttercup."
Barry says: "It's just that we're down to playing kickball with a milk jug."
Buttercup says: "Ah!"
Buttercup says: "What?"
Barry says: "Nothing."
On her way home, Buttercup is sweating butter from her flattened head.
Buttercup says: "Buttercup rocks."
Buttercup says: "Buttercup rocks."
Buttercup says: "Ah!"
Buttercup says: "I'm melting!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup."
Buttercup says: "Uh."
Buttercup says: "Someone's in here."
We see Blossom and Bubbles are outside of the closed door.
Bubbles says: "I think she's pooping."
Blossom says: "How did you beat us home from Penguin Pete's?"
Buttercup says: "What are you talking about?"
Blossom says: "Remember."
Blossom says: "You changed your mind and came to get ice cream."
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "You benchpressed a table and chugged 2 root beer floats."
Blossom says: "You were just starting the 3rd one while we left."
Buttercup says: "That is stuff I do."
Buttercup says: "But that's impossible."
Blossom says: "Come on, Buttercup."
Buttercup says: "No."
Buttercup says: "I..."
Buttercup says: "I'm gonna be awhile."
Blossom says: "Buttercup."
Buttercup made it to Penguin Pete's and looks in the window to see someone who looks like her, but is not her, who is now chugging a root beer float.
We hear that the people in the ice cream store are cheering for this person while Buttercup is watching this.
Buttercup says: "What the..."
Buttercup says: "?"
Real Buttercup says: "Who are you?"
Real Buttercup says: "And why do you look like me?"
Buttercup Double says: "Because I am you now."
Buttercup Double says: "And you are me, Butterfingers."
Real Buttercup says: "I'll show you Butterfingers!"
Real Buttercup says: "Huh?"
Buttercup Double says: "Wow."
Buttercup Double says: "You really showed me, Butterfingers!"
Real Buttercup says: "Ah!"
Real Buttercup says: "What did you do to me?"
Buttercup Double says: "I took your powers."
Real Buttercup says: "But how?"
Buttercup Double says: "I'm glad you asked."
Buttercup Double says: "You see, I always wanted to be a superhero."
Buttercup Double says: "It looked so cool."
Buttercup Double says: "Fighting robots and monsters."
Buttercup Double says: "Everybody loved superheroes."
Buttercup Double says: "But I was just a regular kid."
Buttercup Double says: "Until one day, I got a job at the County Science Fair of Food working the fried butter piece."
Buttercup Double says: "There was an accident with the nuclear fusion deep fryer."
Buttercup Double says: "My DNA must've fused with the butter."
Buttercup Double says: "I finally got superpowers!"
Buttercup Double says: "It turns out they weren't all that super."
Buttercup Double says: "All I could do was melt."
Buttercup Double says: "Dogs chased me, people cowered at me, then chased me, I couldn't even drive."
Real Buttercup says: "Hey."
Real Buttercup says: "Are you even old enough to drive?"
Buttercup Double says: "Shh."
Buttercup Double says: "My story."
Buttercup Double says: "The point is everything was bad."
Buttercup Double says: "But the worst of all, I couldn't even fight robots and monsters."
Buttercup Double says: "I was the lamest superhero ever."
Buttercup Double says: "That's when I saw your videos online."
Buttercup on video says: "I'm Buttercup and I'm a superhero."
Buttercup on video says: "I fight robots, I fight monsters."
Buttercup on video says: "It's great to be me."
Buttercup Double says: "So, I decided to take your advice and use my butter fusion powers for the one thing they were good for: Becoming you."
Buttercup Double says: "Now that I'm a real superhero, I am never going back."
Real Buttercup says: "You can't just steal my body."
Real Buttercup says: "I won't let you!"
Buttercup Double says: "Oh, really?"
Real Buttercup says: "Ah!"
Real Buttercup says: "I'm melting!"
Buttercup Double says: "Butter luck next time!"
Rock Singer says: "Buttercup rocks!"
Rock Singer says: "What'd you think?"
Rock Singer says: "Pretty sweet, right?"
Rock Singer says: "I fought a monster and a robot."
Rock Singer says: "Aw, man, being a superhero is awesome!"
Blossom says: "Yes, we know."
Blossom says: "We saw that because we were there."
Blossom says: "Anyway, you have chores and homework to finish."
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "You were supposed to make dinner all week and you haven't."
Bubbles says: "NOW MAKE DINNER!"
Buttercup Double says: "Geez."
Buttercup Double says: "Fine."
Buttercup Double says: "I'll make dinner."
Bubbles says: "Should we order a pizza just in case?"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "Let's give Buttercup a chance."
In the kitchen, the double is making dinner chopping something with a big knife.
Real Buttercup says: "Hello, Butterfingers."
Buttercup Double says: "You."
Buttercup Double says: "But how?"
Buttercup Double says: "I melted you down the drain."
Real Buttercup says: "You did."
Real Buttercup says: "But all drains lead to the ocean, Butterfingers."
Buttercup Double says: "Yeah."
Buttercup Double says: "Exactly."
Real Buttercup says: "So I went in the opposite direction."
Buttercup Double says: "Well, then."
Buttercup Double says: "I guess I'll just have to send you right back down the drain."
Buttercup Double says: "Whoa."
Buttercup Double says: "Slick move."
Real Buttercup says: "You haven't seen anything yet."
The double and the real Buttercup lunge at each other and the double punches her, the real Buttercup hits the double with a frying pan, and the double uses a blender on her. While they fight, Blossom and Bubbles are waiting for dinner.
Blossom says: "Mm."
Blossom says: "Looks like Buttercup is making something good in there."
Bubbles says: "So..."
Bubbles says: "hungry."
The fight continues as the double throws utensils at the real Buttercup as she dodges them.
Buttercup Double says: "What?"
Buttercup Double says: "Did you get new superpowers?"
Real Buttercup says: "No."
Real Buttercup says: "I just figured out how to use yours."
Real Buttercup says: "SO can airplanes, but I can beat them up."
Real Buttercup says: "When it comes to superpowers, it doesn't matter what they are."
Real Buttercup says: "It's about what you do with them."
Blossom says: "We should make Buttercup do the dishes too."
Bubbles says: "Ooh."
The double is still punching her and is very tired from doing it.
Real Buttercup says: "What's the matter?"
Real Buttercup says: "Getting tired?"
Real Buttercup says: "I'm just buttering you up."
Real Buttercup says: "But you slipped up."
Buttercup Double says: "You're right."
Buttercup Double says: "I'm sorry."
Buttercup Double says: "Now I realize I've got to embrace my powers and be myself."
Buttercup Double says: "I'll give you your powers back."
Real Buttercup says: "Whoa, really?"
Buttercup Double says: "No."
Buttercup Double says: "I love being you."
Buttercup Double says: "And I'm not gonna give that up now."
Real Buttercup says: "Right here, Butterfingers."
Buttercup Double says: "Huh?"
The real Buttercup does the same thing that her double did when he took her body and takes her body back.
Buttercup says: "I..."
Buttercup says: "I did it."
Buttercup says: "I'm back."
Buttercup says: "Life was hard as a stick of butter."
Buttercup says: "Being melty all the time."
Buttercup says: "And then I realized."
Buttercup says: "It's not my powers that make me a superhero."
Buttercup says: "It's me."
Buttercup says: "Buttercup."
Buttercup says: "I'm great."
Buttercup says: "So I embraced my new body."
Buttercup says: "And I fought hard."
Buttercup says: "But now I'm back, sisters."
Buttercup says: "And I'm gonna make everything right from here on out."
Buttercup says: "Thanks for holding on to the hope I will one day return."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, is this another excuse to not make dinner?"
Buttercup says: "What?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "Wait."
Buttercup says: "Did you not even notice that I was gone?"
Blossom says: "Come on, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Let's order that pizza."
The hunger deprived Bubbles groans and falls onto the floor.
Episode ends.