Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "And it looks like it’s gonna be a calm, peaceful, uneventful day, as long as you ignore the GIANT ANT!"
On the end of this line, turn down quickly to a huge ant caught in the act of chewing up a building. At ground level, people scream and run just before its feet slam down. It lifts a truck with its jaws and roars.
Narrator says: "This looks like the end!"
The ant crushes the truck. Cut to the girls in flight, with Bubbles in the foreground.
Narrator says: "Ah, what a sight for sore eyes!"
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls will see to the end of this beast!"
Blossom says: "Okay, girls."
Blossom says: "Let’s give him a power kick to his temple."
She and Buttercup fly o.c. on the end of this line, and Bubbles follows. We see the ant on top of another building. Blossom and Buttercup slam into its head and bounce off as it screeches in pain. Bubbles goes right past it; quick cut to ground level, where she slams into the pavement. She emerges, angry, and takes off—away from where the ant is perched.
Close-up of Blossom and Buttercup, preparing to launch a double flying kick. After they both connect, pull back as Bubbles pops into view, facing away from the ant and wearing a surprised expression. She turns around and starts a kick of her own, but hits the side of the building the ant is eating.
Close-up of Blossom and Buttercup again; this time they land a pair of flying punches. Bubbles climbs out of her hole and darts in to attack, but misses the ant once again and begins swinging at air instead. A crash causes her to look all around her, and she finally spots the ant and her sisters. They are now firing their eye lasers at its head. Bubbles rushes in and fires a blast of her own, which hits them instead of the ant and burns them to a crisp.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Close-up of Bubbles, once again punching wildly at nothing.
Bubbles says: "Hah!"
Bubbles says: "Yah!"
Bubbles says: "Boom-chick-e-aka!"
Bubbles says: "Take that, giant ant!"
On the end of this line, pull back to show all four—Bubbles on the left, her sisters in the middle, the ant on the right—then close-up of Buttercup and Blossom. They look left o.c., worried, then right o.c. Pan over to the ant, still roaring and snapping its jaws, ready for a fight, then back to them. They look at each other for a long moment before flying o.c. left. The camera shifts to show them hauling Bubbles away by her arms, past the ant.
Bubbles says: "WHAT ABOUT THE GIANT AAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNTTTT?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Bubbles says: "?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Bubbles says: "?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
The ant roars, snaps, and begins eating another building, satisfied to be rid of the Girls for the moment. Cut to the exterior of the girls’ house, zooming in slowly.
Blossom says: "Professor, there’s something wrong with Bubbles."
Inside, Bubbles is sitting on a chair in the lab. She is pointing and gesturing angrily and is looking left o.c.
Bubbles says: "I’m fine!"
Cut to a side view of the chair. Bubbles is now seated at the left of the frame and looking toward the camera; Blossom, Buttercup, and the Professor are at the right, looking on.
Bubbles says: "There’s nothing wrong with me!"
Bubbles says: "Don’t make me come over there!"
Blurry head-on view of the Professor and the other two girls—we are now seeing the world through Bubbles’ eyes.
Blossom says: "You see?"
Side view, in focus, of him taking a few steps toward her.
Professor says: "Okay, Bubbles, I’m just gonna do a couple of tests."
Bubbles says: "But, Professor—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "we don’t have time!"
Bubbles says: "We have to stop the giant ant!"
His hands come into view and turn her head so she faces the camera. This is his perspective.
Professor says: "I know, but this won’t take any time at all."
Close-up of him, holding a pointer; as he speaks, pull back to behind Bubbles. He is standing next to an eye chart, and Blossom and Buttercup are next to him.
Professor says: "Okay."
Professor says: "Now, tell me what you see."
(Brief close-up of Bubbles says: "B, Q, T, S, G—"
smiling says: "B, Q, T, S, G—"
then a series of blurry shots of the following letters says: "B, Q, T, S, G—"
(Brief close-up of Bubbles says: "her perspective."
smiling says: "her perspective."
then a series of blurry shots of the following letters says: "her perspective."
(Brief close-up of Bubbles says: "As each new letter comes up, she guesses."
smiling says: "As each new letter comes up, she guesses."
then a series of blurry shots of the following letters says: "As each new letter comes up, she guesses."
(Brief close-up of Bubbles says: ")"
smiling says: ")"
then a series of blurry shots of the following letters says: ")"
Bubbles says: "G—"
Bubbles says: "X—"
Bubbles says: "L—"
Bubbles says: "V—"
Bubbles says: "M."
Side view of the Professor and the other two girls. Buttercup claps her hands to her face in disbelief. Close-up of a beaming Bubbles, then a blurry shot of the Professor’s face. He is wearing sunglasses and standing in front of what appear to be several light bulbs.
Professor says: "When you see the light, any light at all, raise your hand."
He pulls his head o.c.; pull back to show Bubbles sitting on a stool and facing an array of lights. Her back is to the camera. After a moment, the lights come on with blinding intensity. The Professor and the other girls shield their eyes and draw back. Bubbles, meanwhile, does not raise her hand or even blink, but instead turns her head as if looking for the light.
Blurry view of the Professor squatting down and holding his hand up. Blossom and Buttercup are hovering over his shoulders. Close-up of Bubbles; we see his hand in front of her face, index finger extended. He moves the finger from side to side, but she turns her head the other way each time he does so. Blurry view of him and the other girls again; now he slaps his forehead in disbelief.
Cut to just behind Bubbles’ head. There is a bullseye in front of her; to the right are her sisters and the Professor, who points to the target. She fires her eye lasers, nailing them instead.
Side view of her chair; the Professor leans in close, looking through a magnifying glass. Extreme close-up of her eye, in which he is reflected, then back to the blurry view of him and the other girls again.
Blossom says: "Professor, is she gonna be okay?"
Blossom says: "’Cause we really need to get back and stop that giant ant, and we can’t do it without Bubbles—"
He walks back and squats to Bubbles’ level. Producing a pair of glasses, he reaches toward the camera with them.
Blossom says: "—"
Blossom says: "so we need to know."
Blossom says: "Is she gonna be okay?"
Professor says: "She’ll be just fine."
Stifled laughter from Blossom and Buttercup; after a few seconds, they lose control of it as the Professor looks angrily back at them upon hearing them erupt in laughter, annoyed at their disrespectful act upon seeing his solution to Bubbles and her vision problem. Close-up of Bubbles, whose eyes now appear even bigger than normal because of the glasses. The laughter continues.
Blossom says: "Oh—"
Blossom says: "nothing, nothing."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, nothing…dork!"
The two begin laughing again, so hard that they fall all over each other. Pan to a side view of Bubbles, looking at the camera in bewilderment.
Bubbles says: "Dork?"
She flies over to a mirror and sees her own reflection.
Bubbles says: "Yipe!"
She flies back over to the rest of the group, her head down, and takes off the glasses.
Bubbles says: "I do look like a dork."
Buttercup says: "No, you don’t."
Blossom says: "Yeah, you look like a ner—"
She is interrupted by the Professor’s hand slapping over her mouth. He looks at them crossly and kneels to talk to Bubbles.
Professor says: "Bubbles—"
Professor says: "now you know it’s not important what your sisters think."
Bubbles says: "But, Professor—"
Professor says: "And these glasses are there to help you be at one hundred percent."
Bubbles says: "How do I look, Professor?"
Camera shifts to point between his hands, which he is holding up as if framing a photograph. Bubbles flies up into the space between his fingers. Cut to a side view of the two.
Professor says: "Bubbles, you look super!"
He gives a double thumbs-up, and she smiles. Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, floating near a hole in the ceiling.
Blossom says: "Yeah, we were just kidding."
Bubbles says: "Thanks, Professor!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah?"
Professor says: "Don’t let anything your sisters say get to you."
Professor says: "Promise?"
Bubbles says: "I promise."
Bubbles says: "Bye!"
A quick flash of the house exterior as she leaves. Cut to Blossom and Buttercup in flight; Bubbles soon joins them.
Bubbles says: "Hi, guys!"
Blossom says: "Ah, what a sight for sore eyes!"
Buttercup says: "It’s old Four-Eyes!"
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "You said you were just kidding!"
Buttercup says: "We were."
Blossom says: "Yeah, about just kidding!"
The two continue toward Townsville, laughing; Bubbles stops short.
Blossom says: "Hurry up, Specs!"
Bubbles hangs her head and takes off the glasses.
Bubbles says: "I don’t need these stupid glasses to be at one hundred percent."
Bubbles says: "Ow!"
Narrator says: "Oh, boy."
Narrator says: "Without her glasses, Bubbles can’t see the forest—"
Narrator says: "or the trees!"
As he says this, Bubbles flies through a group of trees and runs into two more of them. Finally, she clears the area and continues toward Townsville. Close-up of her, rubbing her head.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, firing their eye lasers at the ant again.
Blossom says: "Where are you?"
Buttercup says: "We need your help!"
The ant advances into view and starts to back them up against the end wall of an alley. Bubbles is floating high overhead, and she begins to fly randomly about.
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Bubbles says: "Girls, where are you?"
Close-up of the two, backed up all the way to the wall with the ant’s shadow over them.
Blossom says: "Where could she be?"
Camera shifts to just behind her head, looking up at the ant, then to one side as it digs its jaws into the wall. They fly beneath its body, strafing with their eye lasers.
Blossom says: "Quick!"
Blossom says: "Search for a weak spot!"
One of the ant’s legs pins Buttercup to the ground.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "It’s no use."
Blossom says: "We’ve gotta find Bubbles!"
Bubbles is still flying randomly around, carrying the glasses. Cut between her and the others.
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Girls?"
Bubbles says: "Oof!"
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Gi—"
Bubbles says: "Oof!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Girls?"
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
She lands on a rooftop, in front of two Powerpuff Girl-shaped shadows.
Bubbles says: "Oh, thank goodness I found you!"
Bubbles says: "Are you okay?"
Blurry shot of the “girls”—actually two vent caps. Cut to a side view of Bubbles next to them.
Bubbles says: "Did you stop the giant ant?"
We see the vent caps again, then a close-up of Bubbles. Cut back to them during each pause.
Bubbles says: "What’s the matter?"
Bubbles says: "Why don’t you say anything?"
Bubbles says: "…Oh, I get it."
Bubbles says: "You’re too cool to talk to a dork like me, right?"
Bubbles says: "…Fine!"
The vent caps again. We hear something land o.c.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Camera turns around to show Blossom and Buttercup hovering behind Bubbles.
Bubbles says: "Nope."
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "I’m not listening."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles, turn around!"
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
She turns. Blurry close-up of Blossom.
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Blossom says: "Put your glasses on and help us!"
Bubbles says: "Uh-uh!"
Bubbles says: "You’ll laugh at me!"
Buttercup says: "We will not!"
Buttercup says: "Now put them on!"
In-focus shot of Bubbles again as she puts the glasses on. Camera shifts to behind her head as Blossom and Buttercup once again laugh uncontrollably, then back to Bubbles’ close-up. She takes the glasses off again, furious with her sisters being unable to avoid laughing when they see her with them on.
Blossom says: "We’re sorry, we’re sorry!"
They dissolve into laughter again as the giant ant approaches from behind. Overhead, in-focus shot of its jaws opening wide and snapping shut on them, then quickly zoom in on them. The laughter at Bubbles is brought to an abrupt halt as both sisters realize the ant has caught them and scream in surprise and terror.
Blossom says: "Bubbles, help!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles, help!"
Close-up of Bubbles, looking around frantically.
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
Bubbles says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Do something!"
Blurry shot of the ant, its image shifting from side to side—Bubbles’ perspective.
Blossom says: "Use your glasses!"
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "I don’t need them!"
She begins to fire her eye lasers at random; pull back to reveal that none of her shots are anywhere close to the ant.
Buttercup says: "You’re missing!"
Blossom says: "Badly!"
Bubbles says: "I can get him!"
She backs up but trips over a pipe sticking out of the roof and lands on her back. She continues to fire and miss as the ant advances on her.
Blossom says: "USE YOUR GLASSES!!"
Buttercup says: "USE YOUR GLASSES!!"
Bubbles says: "NO!!"
Bubbles says: "OKAY!!"
She holds up the glasses and slowly brings them to her face. Her view of the ant snaps into focus, her sisters still trapped in its jaws. Extreme close-up of her face, her eyebrows lowered, a sly smile on her mouth, then of her eyes as she begins to fire once again. The beam spreads out when it passes through the lenses.
Pull back to show the ant on the roof. It is suddenly engulfed in a wide-angle laser beam and blown to kingdom come in slow motion. Blossom and Buttercup, who were still in its jaws as it was vaporized, seem to vanish as it disintegrates. Bubbles continues firing for some time, then stops and squints, dazed. Her eyes snap open in surprise, and she begins to point and snicker, finally bursting into a paroxysm of laughter of her own. Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, now covered in brown, smoking ant sludge, as she continues to laugh. Their turn to get laughed at for a change.
Dissolve to the exterior of the house. The Professor can be heard laughing. Inside, the family is once again in the lab. He is holding Bubbles; the others are on the floor, reenacting the scene. Blossom is standing in for the ant, Buttercup for Bubbles.
Professor says: "Oh, really?"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "The ant had Bubbles pinned, and we were all, “Put on your glasses!"
Blossom says: "Put on your glasses!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "But she was like—"
Buttercup says: "But then she put them on and ZAP!"
She fires a blast from her eye lasers; it ricochets all around the room as everyone ducks, and it finally catches Bubbles dead in the face. Glass shatters and flies everywhere, and she and the glasses slide across the floor. Everyone else is ready to freak out. Cut to an overhead view of Bubbles, stunned, and zoom in on her eye. Snap to white.
Fade into a blurry view of the Professor and the other two girls. The picture gradually comes into focus as they speak—Bubbles’ perspective.
Professor says: "Honey?"
Blossom says: "Are you okay?"
Buttercup says: "I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!"
Bubbles says: "Hey…I can see!"
The others smile. Cut to Bubbles, now sitting up on the floor next to the smashed glasses.
Bubbles says: "In fact, I can see…better than ever!"
Bubbles says: "What happened, Professor?"
Close-up of him, with Buttercup and Blossom on either side.
Professor says: "Well, as far as I can figure, Buttercup’s blast to your eyes must have hit in precisely the exact spot, causing a sort of corrective laser surgery."
Professor says: "I must say, I’m very impressed."
His voice fades into muffled gibberish and goes on for some time. Cut back to Bubbles on the floor, holding a hand to her ear. We are now hearing the world as she does.
Bubbles says: "What?"
Bubbles says: "What’d you say?"
Bubbles says: "I can’t hear you."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"