Narrator says: "The city of Townsville..."
Cut to the sidewalk that runs along the front of Malph's Market. A man stands before a couple of vending machines, trying to make up his mind what he wants.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "sure has been taking a beating!"
Close-up of him. As he is about to insert a dollar bill into the soda machine, an arm clad in a red sleeve, Brick reaches into view and taps him on the shoulder.
Narrator says: "Why you might even get popped for a pop!"
The man turns to look, and the camera pans slightly in that direction to show the Rowdyruff Boys floating there. Brick socks him in the jaw; as he falls, he lets go of the money. Butch catches it and feeds it into the machine; the injured fellow starts to sit up, but Boomer kicks the front of the unit and breaks it open. Dozens of cans of soda tumble out over the boys' victim, burying him, and they drop to the ground. Each has grabbed a can in his respective color; they drink up.
Brick says: "Man!"
Brick says: "Beating up people for fun is really fun!"
Butch says: "Yeah!"
Boomer says: "Yeah!"
Boomer says: "Beating up people for fun is really fun!"
Brick hurls his can into Boomer's face, hard enough to crush it on impact, and the latter covers his face in pain.
Boomer says: "Ow!"
Brick says: "Dude, that is the dumbest thing you've said all day."
Boomer says: "Well, you said the same thing!"
Brick says: "Yeah, but it sounds cool coming out of my mouth."
Butch says: "Why don't you go do something useful?"
Brick says: "Yeah!"
Brick says: "Go get us some candy!"
Brick says: "Now!"
Boomer takes off; Butch addresses himself up into the sky.
Butch says: "And make sure you steal it!"
Butch says: "Can you believe he's our brother?"
Brick says: "I know."
Brief silence, during which they look around themselves distractedly.
Brick says: "Man!"
Brick says: "Beating up people for fun is really fun!"
Butch says: "Yeah!"
The city skyline is seen again; the girls fly over it.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls."
Blossom says: "Let's do one more scan over the city and head home."
They fly o.c. Cut to Boomer, trudging grumpily down a sidewalk.
Boomer says: "I don't care what they say."
Boomer says: "I'm not as dumb as I look!"
(The o.c. a ringing of a small bell says: "a rather hefty little boy who has just left a candy store."
such as might be attached to a shop's door to signal arriving customers says: "a rather hefty little boy who has just left a candy store."
draws his attention. Cut to the source says: "a rather hefty little boy who has just left a candy store."
(The o.c. a ringing of a small bell says: "He has a full bag in one hand."
such as might be attached to a shop's door to signal arriving customers says: "He has a full bag in one hand."
draws his attention. Cut to the source says: "He has a full bag in one hand."
(The o.c. a ringing of a small bell says: ")"
such as might be attached to a shop's door to signal arriving customers says: ")"
draws his attention. Cut to the source says: ")"
Boy says: "I just spent every penny of my hard-earned allowance to buy this candy."
Boomer flashes across the screen and plows the lad o.c.; cut to a tree, with which he has collided face first, and pan left a bit. The assailant has the bag of candy in one hand and a large piece in the other.
Boomer says: "Cool!"
Boomer says: "Jawbreaker!"
Blossom says: "You called?"
Head-on view of all three girls at the scene.
Bubbles says: "Put down the candy, sucker..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "or else!"
Boomer says: "What are you gonna do, beat me up?"
He pops the confection into his mouth and works on it for a couple of seconds - after which there are a flash and sound of a terrific blow being landed. When the view clears, we see a close-up of Boomer. He has taken quite a thrashing, his clothes are torn off, and he is enveloped in a field of orange light. He reaches out with one arm, but some sort of force field stops him. When he speaks, his voice sounds as if inside a box; this will be true for all lines spoken under these circumstances for the rest of the episode.
Boomer says: "Hey!"
Boomer says: "Let me out!"
Pull back. He is in the Professor's lab and floating within a pocket of radiation emitted from a piece of equipment at screen left. It is this that prevented him from being able to reach out past himself. Pan left to the other end of the room, where the girls stand with the Professor.
Blossom says: "Gee, Professor, you sure outdid yourself this time with that containment ray."
Professor says: "I'll say."
Professor says: "Once again, I have no idea what I did."
Blossom says: "Speaking of no ideas - Brick and Butch are going to suspect something when Boomer doesn't show up."
Buttercup says: "And we don't have a plan to catch 'em yet!"
Bubbles says: "What are we gonna do?"
Wipe to her in Boomer's clothing, with her hair styled to match his. The sweatshirt and pants have been repaired.
Bubbles says: "Well, how do I look?"
Cut to Boomer, still imprisoned by the radiation. His injuries are healed, but he is clad only in his underwear. The ray is no longer firing at him.
Boomer says: "Boy, do you look dumb!"
Blossom says: "Need we say more?"
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "this is how we can communicate with you."
Extreme close-up of the side of her head; he reaches into view and slips the earpiece into place.
Professor says: "But remember, the earpiece and microphone are very fragile."
She reaches up to feel it. Pull back to frame the girls. Bubbles also tugs at the collar of her sweatshirt, exposing the other device - the microphone - hidden beneath it.
Professor says: "If they get bumped, they could break."
Blossom says: "Well, I guess you're ready."
Bubbles says: "Okey-dokey..."
Bubbles says: "uh, I mean..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "uh-huh."
Her sisters share a laugh at this, and she takes off. Cut to a long shot of Fuzzy Lumpkins' shack in the forest outside Townsville and zoom in slowly. Bubbles keeps doing her Boomer impression until/unless otherwise noted.
Brick says: "What's taking him so long?"
They are startled by the sound of the front door being thrown open. Cut to that area of the interior; Bubbles stands uneasily inside. A brief silence.
Bubbles says: "Uh, hi!"
Bubbles says: "It's me, Boomer, your brother."
Bubbles says: "Oh, hey, Fuzzy."
Cut to a corner of the shack, where Fuzzy Lumpkins has been tied up and gagged, then to the central area. Brick and Butch walk over to Bubbles.
Brick says: "We know you're our brother."
Brick says: "We're not as stupid as you!"
Bubbles says: "Oh, yeah."
Bubbles says: "I forgot."
In the lab, Blossom, Buttercup, and the Professor lean nervously toward a speaker and microphone on the counter. This setup is the counterpart of the one Bubbles wears, for two-way communication.
Brick says: "So, where is it?"
Brick says: "You know, the candy!"
Butch says: "Yeah, the candy, the candy!"
Bubbles says: "Uh..."
Bubbles says: "the candy?"
Butch says: "What are you, a stinking parrot?"
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "well, I ate it!"
Bubbles says: "And if you want it, you can tear open my stomach and eat my intestines, you..."
Bubbles says: "jerks!"
Back to the two boys. They are still irked, but after a tense moment, they laugh. Pull back to frame all three.
Bubbles says: "Phew!"
Brick says: "Come on."
Brick says: "Let's go!"
They zip away. Cut to the city skyline and zoom in slowly, then to the three in a street.
Brick says: "So, what should we do?"
Brick says: "Boomer!"
Brick says: "You got any bright ideas?"
Bubbles says: "Well, uh..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "uh, uh..."
Back to the street. In Bubbles' earpiece, a burst of static is heard, followed by the Professor's muffled voice. Another bit of static marks the end of the transmission.
Bubbles says: "Uh, how about some chemistry experiments?"
As soon as the words are out, she claps her hands over her mouth in shock.
Brick says: "Oh, man, that's the lamest ever!"
Butch says: "Lamer than lame!"
Professor says: "Well, that's how I usually have fun."
Buttercup takes it away; there is a brief squeal of feedback as she does so. Back to the street.
Bubbles says: "I mean, you know, to blow up stuff."
Brick says: "Oh..."
Brick says: "Naaah."
Brick says: "We blew up a bunch of stuff yesterday."
Brick says: "Let's punch each other in the face until someone says, "Stop punching me in the face!"
Brick says: "" You first, Boomer."
This suggestion instantly strikes fear into Bubbles' heart and it is followed by Brick's fist being struck into her eye. Her hair a mess, the eye badly bruised and swollen nearly shut, she is within an inch of bursting into tears. Brick and Butch laugh o.c.; pull back to frame all three. Static in the earpiece.
Buttercup says: "Don't cry, Bubbles!"
Easier said than done; Bubbles' injured eye is now completely swollen shut, and her good one is filling with tears. However, she blinks them away and laughs.
Bubbles says: "Funny."
Bubbles says: "Okay, my turn."
Brick says: "Nah."
Brick says: "I'm sick of that game."
Brick says: "I know!"
Brick says: "Let's do graffiti!"
(Brick says: "the two boys are at a subway track, near the point where it goes into a tunnel."
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: "the two boys are at a subway track, near the point where it goes into a tunnel."
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: "the two boys are at a subway track, near the point where it goes into a tunnel."
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: "the two boys are at a subway track, near the point where it goes into a tunnel."
(Brick says: "Bubbles - her eye healed and her hair fixed regards them uncertainly from the other side of the track."
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: "Bubbles - her eye healed and her hair fixed regards them uncertainly from the other side of the track."
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: "Bubbles - her eye healed and her hair fixed regards them uncertainly from the other side of the track."
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: "Bubbles - her eye healed and her hair fixed regards them uncertainly from the other side of the track."
(Brick says: "Empty paint cans are scattered about."
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: "Empty paint cans are scattered about."
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: "Empty paint cans are scattered about."
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: "Empty paint cans are scattered about."
(Brick says: "The two boys break off their vandalism and glare back at her; close-up of Bubbles."
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: "The two boys break off their vandalism and glare back at her; close-up of Bubbles."
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: "The two boys break off their vandalism and glare back at her; close-up of Bubbles."
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: "The two boys break off their vandalism and glare back at her; close-up of Bubbles."
(Brick says: "She catches a can thrown at her."
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: "She catches a can thrown at her."
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: "She catches a can thrown at her."
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: "She catches a can thrown at her."
(Brick says: ")"
Butch take off. Cut to a patch of cinder-block wall; Brick leans into view says: ")"
starts applying a can of red spray paint says: ")"
Butch does likewise a moment later. Cut to just behind the latter to show him working with green paint to put up some disparaging message. Camera shift says: ")"
Brick says: "What the heck are you waiting for?"
Bubbles says: "But graffiti is illegal!"
Bubbles says: "Which is why I love it so much!"
Brick says: "Shut up and paint, barf bag!"
(Butch says: ""I HATE THE PPGS."
meanwhile says: ""I HATE THE PPGS."
is putting the finishing touches on his graffiti says: ""I HATE THE PPGS."
(Butch says: "" Pan from him to Brick, who is on the home stretch of "BRICK WUZ HER."
meanwhile says: "" Pan from him to Brick, who is on the home stretch of "BRICK WUZ HER."
is putting the finishing touches on his graffiti says: "" Pan from him to Brick, who is on the home stretch of "BRICK WUZ HER."
(Butch says: "" However, before he can start the last letter, the o."
meanwhile says: "" However, before he can start the last letter, the o."
is putting the finishing touches on his graffiti says: "" However, before he can start the last letter, the o."
(Butch says: "c sound of spray-painting draws his gaze toward the camera."
meanwhile says: "c sound of spray-painting draws his gaze toward the camera."
is putting the finishing touches on his graffiti says: "c sound of spray-painting draws his gaze toward the camera."
(Butch says: ")"
meanwhile says: ")"
is putting the finishing touches on his graffiti says: ")"
Brick says: "What is that?"
The source of the offending sound is the can in Bubbles' hand - lavender, with which she has written "Flowers are pretty" in cursive. She stops and looks worriedly over her shoulder; cut to the two very steamed boys. Butch pounds one fist against his other hand as the spraying is heard again. Back to Bubbles, who has hastily and sloppily added the word "DUMB!" to the end of her message. She smiles ingratiatingly toward the boys; on the next line, pull back to frame them and her.
Butch says: "For a second there, I thought you were turning girly on us."
Brick says: "Yeah."
Brick says: "And "dum-buh"?"
Brick says: "Geez, Boomer, if you're gonna do graffiti..."
Brick says: "Sheesh!"
Brick says: "Talk about "dum-buh."
Butch says: "Yeah."
Butch says: "What a "dum-bee"!"
Dummy, that is. In the lab, Buttercup looks daggers at Blossom as chatter is heard over the speaker.
Buttercup says: "They're gonna figure out it's her!"
Blossom says: "Shhh!"
Blossom says: "We have to think of a plan before the boys catch on."
Buttercup says: "Well, what, then?"
Brick says: "Hey, look!"
Cut to him, pointing into the sky at a passing plane.
Brick says: "Who can spit down that plane?"
Butch says: "I can!"
Butch says: "I can!"
He snorts in a breath, brings up a fair-sized loogie - we can see it at the end of his tongue as he opens and closes his mouth - and launches it skyward. It misses the plane and disappears from sight, and a few screams can be heard from within the craft as the projectile passes. Cut to outer space, where two astronauts are installing a mirror in a telescope orbiting Earth.
Astronaut says: "Careful..."
Astronaut says: "easy..."
Astronaut says: "easy..."
The wad of phlegm rockets into view and smashes through the mirror. Back to the park.
Butch says: "Shoot!"
Butch says: "I missed!"
Brick says: "I'll go!"
He goes through the same windup as Butch and lets one blast. It too misses the plane - more screams are heard - and out in space, the astronauts have brought out another mirror and are maneuvering it into position.
Astronaut says: "Boy, it's a good thing we had a backup."
Not for long, though; Brick's loogie reduces it to bits. Back to the park.
Brick says: "Darn!"
Brick says: "Well, I guess it's your turn, Boomer."
Bubbles says: "Okay."
She snorts in a breath, but is only able to generate a glob of saliva that ends up on her chin and sweatshirt when she tries to spit it.
Bubbles says: "Eww!"
Brick says: "You call that a spit?"
Butch says: "That was lame."
Butch says: "Lamer than lame!"
Bubbles whimpers softly to herself as the earpiece kicks in again. The mess is cleaned up now.
Buttercup says: "Do it again."
Buttercup says: "Take a deep breath..."
The park again. The recipient of this advice is visibly repulsed by what she is hearing.
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "lube it up into a nice slimy ball."
It is heard, very nastily. At this point, take five to settle your stomach if you need it.
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "aim..."
Buttercup says: "and fire!"
(Her eyes still covered. she launches the wad. It sails through the air says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
ricochets off a tree on a golf course says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
then is deflected by a waterfront derrick set up to load cargo onto a docked ship. Next says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
it bounces off the girls' house says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
the dome atop Townsville Hall before streaking past a filled baseball stadium. It picks up a "Go Yankees" foam finger says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
a cap with a logo similar to the crossed NY used by the Yankees - except that the Y has been replaced by a T says: "New Townsville, perhaps."
(Her eyes still covered. she launches the wad. It sails through the air says: ")"
ricochets off a tree on a golf course says: ")"
then is deflected by a waterfront derrick set up to load cargo onto a docked ship. Next says: ")"
it bounces off the girls' house says: ")"
the dome atop Townsville Hall before streaking past a filled baseball stadium. It picks up a "Go Yankees" foam finger says: ")"
a cap with a logo similar to the crossed NY used by the Yankees - except that the Y has been replaced by a T says: ")"
The hocker glances off a park bench, the sign in front of Malph's Market, some storefronts, and a STOP sign, then rattles down a street, bouncing back and forth off the buildings. Back to Bubbles, who has thrown her arms over her face in complete terror; a huge crash and explosion from o.c. shake the camera. Bubbles resumes her Boomer voice at this point.
Bubbles says: "Did I..."
Bubbles says: "hit the plane?"
Brick says: "No."
Brick says: "Better!"
She finally uncovers her eyes. Pull back to frame Brick as well; both look in Butch's direction, smiling, as the camera pans slowly that way. Where the green-clad wacko stood, there is now a long furrow in the sidewalk - and said wacko is lying dazed at the far end of it, having been hit dead on. In terms of loogies, this would have to qualify as the luckiest shot in Townsville history.
Brick says: "Super-spitter!"
Bubbles says: "I guess I just wasn't feeling like myself at first."
Brick says: "Yeah, well, you been acting kinda weird all day..."
The lab; the other two girls and the Professor breathe a silent sigh of relief.
Brick says: "..."
Brick says: "but you're cool now."
Brick says: "Hey-hey!"
Brick says: "What do we have here?"
The second half of the preceding line makes the listeners start in surprise. Close-up of a cockroach held aloft in Brick's hand.
Bubbles says: "Get it away!"
Brick says: "What's up with you?"
Brick says: "You never been afraid of no cockroach!"
The lab; the two girls and the Professor trade a look of sheer panic. Bubbles, meanwhile, trembles and recoils further from the insect as Brick waves it around.
Bubbles says: "I don't care!"
Bubbles says: "Just don't come any closer!"
Brick says: "Hey, I thought you loved cock-a-roaches."
Brick says: "Don't you looove cock-a-roaches?"
Bubbles says: "Well.."
Bubbles says: "sure."
Bubbles says: "Sure I do."
Bubbles says: "I love those little guys."
Brick says: "I believe you."
Blossom says: "Phew!"
Brick says: "That's why I know you'll love..."
Brick says: "..."
Brick says: "eating it!"
The pupils and irises of Bubbles' eyes narrow to points, and she struggles with all her might to keep from throwing up everything she ate over the past five days or so. In the lab, her sisters and the Professor trade a look of sheer terror. The park again.
Brick says: "Yeah!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Yeah!"
Brick says: "Eat it, Boomer!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
In the lab, Blossom and Buttercup are trying to tear the mic from each other's hands.
Blossom says: "Eat it!"
Buttercup says: "Eat it!"
Blossom says: "Eat it!"
Buttercup says: "Eat it!"
Blossom says: "Eat it!"
Buttercup says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Brick says: "Eat it!"
Butch says: "Eat it!"
Under the end of this, the rest of the family is heard yelling the same advice over the earpiece. Finally, everyone on both ends of the line falls silent.
Brick says: "Come on, Boomer..."
Brick says: "if that's who you really are!"
Extreme close-up of her chest; he punches her in slow motion. When the blow lands, there is the sound of sparks and circuitry shorting out - he has struck the mic unit under her sweatshirt. In the lab, Professor Utonium frantically adjusts the speaker, which is now broadcasting only random snarls of static, as the other two girls lean toward him.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Buttercup says: "We can't hear anything!"
Blossom says: "What happened?"
Professor says: "I don't know."
Professor says: "Something must have happened with the transmitter."
Head-on view of Brick, once again holding the roach up to the camera.
Brick says: "So, are you gonna eat it or not?"
Bubbles swallows hard at the prospect. Back to the lab; the speaker is now quiet.
Buttercup says: "There's no way she ate that cockroach!"
Buttercup says: "She failed!"
Buttercup says: "I knew we couldn't count on her!"
Buttercup says: "OUR PLAN IS RUINED!"
Buttercup says: "NOW THEY'VE CAPTURED BUBBLES AND THEY'VE TAKEN HER HOSTAGE!"
Buttercup says: "AND THEY'RE GONNA AMBUSH US WHEN WE GO OVER THERE TO SAVE HER!"
Blossom says: "We won't be going over there..."
Cut to her; she is pointing at a monitor set high on the wall, near the ceiling. It shows the view from directly over the front door of the house - a security camera is mounted there, perhaps. All three boys' figures can be seen on the step.
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "'cause they're already over here!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, no!"
Close-up of the monitor screen; the boys and Bubbles step closer to the door.
Buttercup says: "What are we gonna do?"
Buttercup says: "It's three against two!"
Buttercup says: "We're DOOMED!"
Cut to the first floor, just outside a closed door. Brick and Butch float into view.
Butch says: "Where did Boomer go?"
Boomer says: "In here!"
Cut to just inside the door - it is the one to the lab - as it opens and they peek in.
Brick says: "Boomer?"
Boomer says: "Down here!"
Shift to just behind the two boys. They are looking down at their captive cohort.
Boomer says: "Hey, guys!"
Brick says: "Boomer!"
Brick says: "What are you doing?"
Boomer says: "Huh?"
Brick says: "This is no time to be fooling around."
Butch says: "Yeah."
Butch says: "And why'd you take all your clothes off?"
Cut to a close-up of the unwilling underwear model on the end of this.
Boomer says: "Huh?"
Boomer says: "What do you mean?"
Brick says: "What do you mean, "what do you mean?"
Brick says: "" We're not here to have a party."
Brick says: "We're here to capture the girls!"
Brick says: "Put your clothes back on!"
Boomer says: "I can't."
Brick says: "Why not?!"
Brick says: "!"
Boomer says: "Because..."
Boomer says: "..."
Boomer says: "'cause she's wearing 'em!"
Cut to Bubbles, floating by the ray emitter and waving. It was she who appeared on the monitor with Brick and Butch - how the rest of the family could have forgotten both her masquerade and Boomer's continuing incarceration is a genuine puzzle. She abandons the fake voice for good.
Bubbles says: "Hi, boys."
Bubbles says: "Long time no see."
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "You're safe!"
Buttercup says: "You're safe!"
Cut to her, on the floor by the emitter; her sisters float over.
Blossom says: "You captured them all by yourself!"
Blossom says: "So that was actually you in front of the house?"
Bubbles says: "Uh-huh."
Buttercup says: "Which means..."
Buttercup says: "you ate the cockroach?"
Bubbles says: "Mmm-hmm."
Brick says: "Yeah."
Brick says: "And it was really disgusting."
Brick says: "I almost blew chunks!"
Buttercup says: "Professor, she ate the cockroach!"
Bubbles says: "That's not all."
Bubbles says: "I also learned this."
She goes into her loogie windup and lets a big one blast. It bounces off the walls, smashes through a row of glassware, ricochets other equipment, and - as the girls sidestep - finally connects with the ray emitter, destroying it. The boys are freed from their confinement.
Brick says: "Let's get outta here!"
Boomer says: "But what about my clothes?!"
Boomer says: "!"
Butch says: "Shut up!"
He too lifts off, the camera turning up to follow him as far as the new hole in the ceiling, through which he exits. Cut to near this; the Professor stares up through it, and the girls approach it for a closer look, seeing their nemeses departing into clear skies.
Blossom says: "Let 'em go."
Blossom says: "We'll get 'em next time."
[Animation goof says: "During this shot, Buttercup is seen wearing Butch's outfit."
Now they float down to the Professor.
Bubbles says: "Professor?"
Bubbles says: "I'm really sorry I busted your invention."
Professor says: "That's okay, Bubbles."
Professor says: "I'm sorry you had to eat a cockroach."
Bubbles says: "That's okay."
Bubbles says: "It tasted like chicken."
The secondary end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved - thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"