Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "The sweetest city of them all."
An enormous beast rears up. It has one eye, a huge mouth, and pincers for hands. It roars and begins eating the buildings; inside one of them, a man screams as the tongue pokes through the wall, throwing spit everywhere.
Close-up of the hotline, buzzing. Blossom answers it; her sisters are in the background. The three are in their bedroom.
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor?"
Cut to his office, which is shaking with the monster’s footsteps. He is at the hotline.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls, the city’s being devoured!"
The exterior of Townsville Hall, whose dome the monster is licking.
Mayor says: "And whatever it is, it’s very close!"
Inside the office again; a pincer pokes through the ceiling. Cut back and forth between here and the bedroom.
Mayor says: "It’s in the office—"
Blossom says: "What?"
Mayor says: "Okay, now there’s a giant claw—"
Mayor says: "it’s very big and it’s snapping."
Blossom says: "Hold tight, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We’re on our way!"
Mayor says: "Okay, I’ll hold."
As he speaks, the pincer lifts him into view; the phone cord snaps. Outside view of him being hauled out through a hole in the dome.
Mayor says: "Say, I can see my house from he—"
Mayor says: "oh!"
Mayor says: "Oh, my hat."
The girls fly toward Townsville Hall.
Mayor says: "Hey, look, it’s the Powerpuff Girls!"
Mayor says: "Hi, girls!"
Mayor says: "I’ll talk to you later; I’m on hold."
They hit the monster squarely in the eye, causing it to roar in anger. It begins swinging at them, still holding the now-screaming Mayor. Bubbles catches hold of that arm.
Bubbles says: "Hold on, Mayor!"
Mayor says: "Okay."
She holds the arm immobile as Blossom and Buttercup dash in. The monster takes a double punch to the eye; cut to inside the Mayor’s office, looking at the doors. They open to reveal him on the other side, his arms raised in triumph and that pincer still clamped on him.
Mayor says: "I’m alive!"
Mayor says: "—"
Mayor says: "and now my hat is gone!"
Mayor says: "Yes?"
Camera turns around to show the girls in the office. Blossom produces the Mayor’s hat from behind her back and holds it up. A choir of angels begins to sing, and a ray of sunlight strikes the hat. Close-up of the Mayor.
Mayor says: "My hat!"
Side view of him, now on top of his desk and kneeling down at its edge. Blossom floats into view and places the hat on his head. He stands up and begins to dance.
Mayor says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Mayor says: "Look at me, huh?"
Mayor says: "And my hat is back in its proper place."
Mayor says: "How can I ever repay you for saving the day?"
Blossom says: "No payment necessary, Mayor."
Buttercup says: "We were just doing our job."
Bubbles says: "We’re superheroes!"
Mayor says: "Yes, but I’m the Mayor!"
Mayor says: "How about a statue?"
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls Day?"
Mayor says: "Well, then at least take some candy."
Extreme close-up of Blossom, about to enter goody-goody mode.
Blossom says: "Thanks, Mayor, but the Professor says we aren’t allowed to have any—"
Blossom says: "Hey!"
On the end of this line, a rattling sound is heard and the camera pulls back to show Bubbles and Buttercup each holding a piece of candy. Blossom relents and holds out her hand; the Mayor reaches into view and gives her a piece as well. Naturally, the colors match their dresses.
Blossom says: "Well, okay."
Blossom says: "Maybe this one piece won’t hurt."
Extreme close-up of Bubbles’ mouth as she pops the candy in. Pan across Blossom and Buttercup as they do the same in turn, then pull back a bit and pan the other way as they begin chewing.
Girls says: "Mmmmmm!"
They nod to each other and try to talk, but their mouths are full. Cut to the Mayor, the jar still in front of him.
Mayor says: "I’m glad you like it, girls."
Mayor says: "It’s from—"
Close-up of Blossom, who obviously shares the mood.
When her mouth opens, we can see the candy on her tongue. Cut to Bubbles, also in ecstasy.
The candy is still on her tongue as well. Close-up of the Mayor, surprised and a little nervous.
Mayor says: "Girls?"
We hear Bubbles giggling o.c, then see Buttercup and Blossom in turn, laughing through their mouthfuls. Finish with all three in view, laughing and slowly floating up o.c., then cut to the Mayor, looking up.
Mayor says: "Uh…girls?"
Having floated almost all the way up to the hole the monster smashed in the dome, they descend to the floor again. The Mayor blinks in surprise as they put their heads up over the edge of the desk; they are still basking in the pleasure.
Bubbles says: "That…was…amazing."
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
[Animation goof says: "Blossom’s mouth does not move; Bubbles’ does."
Close-up of the Mayor; we hear the lid of the candy jar being toyed with.
Mayor says: "Huh?"
Cut back to the girls, who are about to bite down on a second helping. The Mayor’s hand shoots into view and whisks the candy out of their hands; close-up of him again, now holding the jar close as if to protect it. Cut back and forth between him and each girl who speaks.
Mayor says: "Candy doesn’t grow on trees, you know!"
Bubbles says: "But—"
Bubbles says: "we saved the day!"
Mayor says: "Yes, you did—"
Mayor says: "once."
Mayor says: "And you were rewarded—"
Mayor says: "once."
Buttercup says: "Can we have more next time we save the day?"
Mayor says: "Well, I think that sounds fair."
Mayor says: "One piece per—"
Cut to his side of the desk; he looks up at the hole in the ceiling as their light trails disappear.
Mayor says: "Oh—"
Mayor says: "okay, goodbye!"
(Close-up of the hotline says: "Blossom sitting on the bed, Bubbles sleeping at the table, Buttercup lying on the floor."
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "Blossom sitting on the bed, Bubbles sleeping at the table, Buttercup lying on the floor."
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "Blossom sitting on the bed, Bubbles sleeping at the table, Buttercup lying on the floor."
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "Blossom sitting on the bed, Bubbles sleeping at the table, Buttercup lying on the floor."
three very bored girls says: "Blossom sitting on the bed, Bubbles sleeping at the table, Buttercup lying on the floor."
(Close-up of the hotline says: "Dissolve to Buttercup on the bed, Blossom at the mirror, and Bubbles—"
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "Dissolve to Buttercup on the bed, Blossom at the mirror, and Bubbles—"
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "Dissolve to Buttercup on the bed, Blossom at the mirror, and Bubbles—"
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "Dissolve to Buttercup on the bed, Blossom at the mirror, and Bubbles—"
three very bored girls says: "Dissolve to Buttercup on the bed, Blossom at the mirror, and Bubbles—"
(Close-up of the hotline says: "now awake—"
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "now awake—"
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "now awake—"
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "now awake—"
three very bored girls says: "now awake—"
(Close-up of the hotline says: "still at the table."
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "still at the table."
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "still at the table."
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "still at the table."
three very bored girls says: "still at the table."
(Close-up of the hotline says: "Next shot: Bubbles on the bed, Blossom at the table, Buttercup at the mirror."
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "Next shot: Bubbles on the bed, Blossom at the table, Buttercup at the mirror."
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "Next shot: Bubbles on the bed, Blossom at the table, Buttercup at the mirror."
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "Next shot: Bubbles on the bed, Blossom at the table, Buttercup at the mirror."
three very bored girls says: "Next shot: Bubbles on the bed, Blossom at the table, Buttercup at the mirror."
(Close-up of the hotline says: "Dissolve to a shot of the girls sitting on the floor around the hotline, still looking bored and sad, then to Buttercup looking out the window over the city; the hotline’s reflection is seen."
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "Dissolve to a shot of the girls sitting on the floor around the hotline, still looking bored and sad, then to Buttercup looking out the window over the city; the hotline’s reflection is seen."
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "Dissolve to a shot of the girls sitting on the floor around the hotline, still looking bored and sad, then to Buttercup looking out the window over the city; the hotline’s reflection is seen."
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "Dissolve to a shot of the girls sitting on the floor around the hotline, still looking bored and sad, then to Buttercup looking out the window over the city; the hotline’s reflection is seen."
three very bored girls says: "Dissolve to a shot of the girls sitting on the floor around the hotline, still looking bored and sad, then to Buttercup looking out the window over the city; the hotline’s reflection is seen."
(Close-up of the hotline says: "Blossom watches it from the bed, and Bubbles eyes it from the floor."
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: "Blossom watches it from the bed, and Bubbles eyes it from the floor."
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: "Blossom watches it from the bed, and Bubbles eyes it from the floor."
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: "Blossom watches it from the bed, and Bubbles eyes it from the floor."
three very bored girls says: "Blossom watches it from the bed, and Bubbles eyes it from the floor."
(Close-up of the hotline says: ")"
which—for once—is not doing much of anything. Pull back to show the girls in the bedroom says: ")"
ready to pounce on it. After a few seconds of waiting says: ")"
their expressions melt into disappointment. Camera shifts to show the entire bedroom says: ")"
three very bored girls says: ")"
Close-up of Bubbles and her drawing. The loops she has drawn turn into brightly colored candy balls before her eyes, and she licks her chops. Buttercup, still looking out the window, sees the treetops turn into candy; she too licks her lips. Cut to Blossom, brushing her hair at the mirror in their bedroom. She sees the reflection of her own head become a giant piece of candy; her musings are interrupted by a sudden scream from Buttercup.
Blossom says: "Forget it, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "There’s just nothing going on."
Blossom says: "No crimes, no monsters, no nothing."
Bubbles says: "I could sure use a piece of candy right about now."
Buttercup says: "Blah, blah, blah, blah… …save the day!"
Cut back to Blossom and Bubbles; Buttercup has now joined them by the bed.
After a few seconds, Blossom’s face brightens as if a light bulb has just gone on over her head. Dissolve to a city street at night; turn down to a back alley.
Blossom says: "Thank you for coming."
Blossom says: "We are in need of your services."
A close-up reveals the speaker as Blossom, clad in an overlarge trenchcoat and wearing a fedora pulled low. She is unusually tall.
Bubbles pokes her head out of the coat’s midsection.
Buttercup pokes out near the coat’s hem—the three have formed a totem pole.
Buttercup says: "And we bust you out the next day."
Close-up of a shadowy figure, also in fedora and trench coat. All we can see are the eyes, narrowed in thought. The girls continue in the same husky tone.
Mojo says: "Hmm."
Blossom says: "We know you can’t resist this opportunity."
Buttercup says: "Pal?"
Extreme close-up of the shadowy figure’s eyes. An evil grin slowly forms beneath them. The shadow of two hands being shaken is seen on the alley wall, after which the figure pulls off its hat and turns down the coat collar—it is Mojo Jojo. He laughs menacingly—softly at first, then louder as the camera pulls back over the alley and the street. The girls, still in their coat and hat, take off, Mojo’s evil laughter echoing through the night.
A laser blast shatters the quiet; now it is the next day, and Mojo is flying around town with his guns blazing. The hotline goes off, and a moment later the girls appear on the scene. We see their reflections in the “windshield” of his hovercraft. They fire their eye lasers at the vessel, destroying it, and proceed to beat him senseless. Quick cut to a jail cell; Mojo smashes into view from above, and the cell door slams shut.
Close-up of the Mayor at his desk. He pulls out the candy jar and tosses a piece to each of the girls, who catch the treats in their mouths and take off. Back in the cell, Mojo is roused from sleep by a crash and a cloud of dust. When it clears, he finds himself in the girls’ shadows, looking out through a hole in the wall, as alarms and sirens go off. He grins evilly.
Cut to the city skyline as Mojo comes into view, piloting his robot walker. Again the hotline goes off, and again the girls fly in to smash his craft and throw him back into his cell. Close-up of the Mayor’s hands spreading three pieces of candy across his desk, and the girls dig in. Mojo is whisked out through a hole in the wall as more sirens sound at the jail.
The camera moves down through the layers of earth until he comes into view; now he is at the controls of a tunneling machine. He breaks through the pavement, and the girls dash in. Mojo lands in jail yet again, and the girls are given more candy.
(We see shots of him being tossed into a cell says: "Bubbles chewing on a piece, Blossom holding one between her teeth, Buttercup holding one on her tongue."
alternating with the following shots says: "Bubbles chewing on a piece, Blossom holding one between her teeth, Buttercup holding one on her tongue."
(We see shots of him being tossed into a cell says: "Now candy rains down while the girls frolic in the office; at the same time, we see several more shots of Mojo being jailed superimposed on the view."
alternating with the following shots says: "Now candy rains down while the girls frolic in the office; at the same time, we see several more shots of Mojo being jailed superimposed on the view."
(We see shots of him being tossed into a cell says: "Fade to black."
alternating with the following shots says: "Fade to black."
(We see shots of him being tossed into a cell says: ")"
alternating with the following shots says: ")"
Snap to the exterior of Townsville Hall, still with a hole in its dome. The girls fly in through this and into the Mayor’s office.
Girls says: "We’re back!"
Blossom says: "Excuse me?"
Mayor says: "Yes."
Mayor says: "Isn’t that silly?"
Mayor says: "All that hullabaloo over a little candy."
Bubbles jumps on the desk and into his face.
Bubbles says: "And you just let him HAVE it?"
Bubbles says: "WELL?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
He turns away only to find Blossom and Buttercup on the other side, equally angry.
Blossom says: "WELL?!"
Buttercup says: "WELL?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Cut to behind the girls, zooming in on the Mayor as he stutters and sweats. Finally, he cries. The camera turns around to show the girls in front of the desk.
Cut to the exterior of the jail; the girls fly in after a moment. There is a crash; cut to inside a cell that now has a hole smashed in its ceiling. The girls are inside, ready for a fight.
Blossom says: "MOJO!"
Mojo is resting on his cot in the cell. He has one arm around the candy jar and a quietly pleased expression on his face.
Mojo says: "Back so soon?"
Mojo says: "Ooh!"
Blossom says: "We had a deal, Mojo!"
Mojo says: "Don’t get me wrong."
Mojo says: "Destroying Townsville on a daily basis is a pretty good gig."
Mojo says: "is just so much more satisfying to the soul."
Back to the girls, panning across them. They are truly ready to blow their tops now.
Mojo says: "…I think I can imagine."
Mojo says: "I know!"
That's the last straw. The girls scream in rage and begin giving him the usual three-course beating. He lands at Buttercup’s feet; the camera is at floor level next to her.
Mojo says: "No."
Cut back and forth between the two.
Buttercup says: "You want some more, man?"
Mojo says: "Uh, I wasn’t."
Buttercup says: "You do?"
Mojo says: "No."
Buttercup says: "Yeah?"
Mojo says: "No."
Her foot slams down in his face, and the beating resumes. When it ends, he is a groaning, battered wreck collapsed in the corner. It takes some seconds for him to form a coherent word.
Mojo says: "Mommy."
Close-up of Bubbles, panting, teeth clenched, ready to go again. Quick pan to Blossom, then to Buttercup. Mojo groans again, and the camera pans in reverse and shifts back to him. A tear drops from his eye. Extreme close-up of Blossom’s face; she's the first to come to her senses as she gasps in shock and horror, and the camera pulls back to show her sisters still riled up.
Blossom says: "What have we done?"
She sees her reflection in a shattered mirror.
Blossom says: "Look at us."
Blossom says: "This is crazy."
Pan to her sisters, who are starting to understand.
Bubbles says: "But… …what about the candy?"
Buttercup says: "Don’t you see, Bubbles?"
Blossom says: "It was the candy that did this to us."
Blossom says: "The candy made us something we’re not."
Camera shifts to point down into the hole in the ceiling; we see the entire group.
Bubbles says: "Poor Townsville."
Buttercup says: "Poor Mayor."
Blossom says: "The Mayor!"
Cut to the door of his office, the camera pointing out. We hear him crying o.c., and the girls poke their heads around the doorframe. The camera turns around to show him at his desk.
Girls says: "Mayor?"
He turns his chair around. Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, now in the office and holding up the candy jar.
Buttercup says: "We brought your candy back."
Bubbles says: "And Mojo too."
Bubbles says: "See,  he wasn’t really bad after all."
Cut to the back of the Mayor’s chair, then to the girls in front of the desk, looking sad. They set the jar in front of them.
Blossom says: "We’re sorry, Mayor."
Long pause. The back of the chair again, the girls’ heads in view.
Bubbles says: "We want to apologize."
Long pause. The girls again.
Blossom says: "Okay, you don’t have to look at us, but at least hear us out."
Blossom says: "You see, we convinced Mojo to commit crimes."
Bubbles says: "And get rewarded with candy."
Pull back; now we can see the Mayor as well as the girls.
Blossom says: "But then Mojo and the candy got the better of us."
Buttercup says: "We were out of control."
Bubbles says: "We’re sorry."
The back of the chair again. The Mayor pokes his head around.
Mayor says: "But you yelled at me."
Girls says: "We’re sorry."
Mayor says: "You poor girls, caught up in all that!"
Blossom says: "So you forgive us?"
Mayor says: "Well, you did make a big mistake, but you realized what wrong you caused and set things right by telling the truth."
Side view of him, pushing the candy jar across the desk to Blossom.
Mayor says: "And for that, you deserve a reward."
We see the girls’ faces through the jar.
Mayor says: "All righty."
Mayor says: "If that’s the way you feel—"
Blossom says: "Maybe just one piece."
Dissolve to the now-empty jar lying on the desk. The Mayor is laying down, groaning, with a bloated belly. Pan to the girls, sprawled out on their backs and also moaning with their stomachs quite swollen. All four are clearly suffering from bad stomachaches. Continue panning over to Mojo, still in a heap, badly battered again, and whimpering. Fade to black.
The background for the end shot comes up.
The girls appear, still sprawled out and bloated.
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Boy, what a bittersweet ending that was."
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon."