Narrator says: "The City of Townsville..."
Narrator says: "loves its police force."
Camera zooms out to reveal it inside the office of one of the precincts of the Townsville Police Department, then shift to the right showing policemen and policewomen working and zoom in to reveal the open box of doughnuts on the desk.
Narrator says: "A group of hard-working men and women, doing their best to keep Townsville safe."
A policeman takes one of his old-fashion glazed from the box, the scene changes to a side view of a policeman who is wearing sunglasses and has a white mustache. He opens his mouth as he puts his doughnut in front of his face. He bites and chews it very loudly as the camera zooms out to reveal the policeman is very fat.
Narrator says: "Except for this guy."
Inside the doughnut shop, the same fat policeman points to each doughnut he wishes to purchase with a pleased look on his face.
Narrator says: "Officer Mike Brickowski, the worst cop on the force."
Three men try to lift a turned-over police car, and he is shown cheerfully watching while still holding his doughnut, enjoying their struggling with sadistic pleasure and not even lifting a finger to help his brothers of the badge, once again showing his outright refusal to commit himself to the police motto, "To Protect And Serve", and just enjoying the perks of his job.
Narrator says: "He'd rather let his fellow officers do all the work."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "'cause you're in for a rude awakening."
A ring is heard. It is revealed that they had been parked near a bank all along. The ring is the bank's security alarm as it is being robbed at that exact moment.
Dispatcher says: "Car 11, come in."
Perez looks in surprise out the window upon realizing there is a crime in progress and, realizing he and Brickowski are the first officers on scene and responding to the call with perfect timing, immediately runs toward the bank. He slams up, back first, against the wall with his service pistol drawn and at the ready.
Perez says: "Ready, partner?"
Perez says: "I need some backup, man!"
Dispatcher says: "Roger that, Car 11, backup is on its way."
No sooner does the dispatcher finish assuring Perez that help is coming to aid him, sirens fill the air as backup responds immediately to come to Perez's aid once word came that an officer was in trouble and shots had been fired at police. The shot focuses on Brickowski sleeping in his car again, totally oblivious to what's happening all around him with the bank, his partner, and the entire force coming to aid Perez. Three police cars come screeching up and stopping close by. The camera shot shifts to an overhead view of the bank and six police cars are seen approaching and surrounding the bank. The area is quickly cordoned off with crime scene tape as officers take position behind their cruisers for protection, joined by several officers in SWAT gear. The Chief of Police then comes forward with a bullhorn to address the suspect. As he does, cut to and pan across a scene of several regular and SWAT officers taking aim from cover behind their cruisers as the reds-and-blues blaze from the cruisers' light bars.
Chief of Police says: "This is the Townsville Police Department!"
Chief of Police says: "You are surrounded!"
Chief of Police says: "Drop your weapon and come out with your hands up!"
The chief then hears Brickowski mumbling in his sleep and turns his attention to Mike and Perez's cruiser. The shot focuses on Mike Brickowski. The chief comes up next to the police car window, shouting with his bullhorn. Brickowski takes no notice as he continues to sleep, totally oblivious to the situation occurring around him with his partner in danger and the rest of the force having come to help him bring the criminal to justice before he can cause any more trouble or threaten any more lives, civilian or law enforcement.
Brickowski says: "Oh, you gotta beat that..."
Brickowski says: "I need more exercise."
Chief of Police says: "BRICKOWSKI!"
Chief of Police says: "BRICKOWSKI!"
Chief of Police says: "Get your fat butt up, man!"
Chief of Police says: "We have a situation here and you're just sitting around..."
Dispatcher says: "Stand by, stand by."
Dispatcher says: "We have word from the Mayor's office."
Dispatcher says: "The Powerpuff Girls are on their way."
The Powerpuff Girls come flashing by very fast, drawing the chief's attention away from shouting at Brickowski. They enter the broken bank window and you hear the sounds of beating, while Perez watches with relief from where he was in cover when the Girls arrive to take care of things in very short order before the crook could try anything else, such as threatening more lives like those of the police.
Chief of Police says: "Huh?"
Perez says: "Yeah!"
There comes the sound of a short beatdown as the Girls deal with the criminal, before the perpetrator comes flying out of the broken window, landing at Perez's feet with a pained grunt, disarmed of his weapon, thanks to the Girls. The camera turns to put the window in full view as the girls come floating through and Perez points his own gun at the criminal's head.
Perez says: "Freeze, buster!"
A brief flash of light and the sound of a camera shutter gives the four heroics cause to smile at the viewer before newsmen and photographers back away O.C., camera now showing a head-on view of Mike's car as he sleeps away, still oblivious to everything. Buttercup flies onscreen as she speaks, her sisters behind her.
Buttercup says: "Enough pictures already!"
Blossom says: "How'd you guys get here so fast anyway?"
As the Girls continue to fly stage left until O.C., they too are replaced by a female reporter and the Chief of Police.
Reporter says: "Hey, Chief!"
Reporter says: "Was it a tough fight today?"
Chief of Police says: "Not at all, thanks to those Powerpuff Girls."
They too walk O.C. stage left. Brickowski continues to mumble in his sleep as behind him a news truck backs away, followed by the bank robber being carried overhead by another officer and thrown unceremoniously into the back of a police van. It also speeds away from the scene of the crime to take the robber to be booked and taken straight to jail afterwards. Perez gets into the driver's seat of his own cruiser and starts driving, heading back on patrol, looking concerned as Brickowski continues to snore and mumble, unaware of what happened back at the bank regarding Perez, the Girls, and the rest of the police force. A passing car horn sounds off and Brickowski suddenly shoots upwards, now waking up with a start by being startled by the noise.
Brickowski says: "Wha..."
Brickowski says: "huh, huh?!"
Brickowski says: "!"
Perez says: "Hey, partner, you missed it!"
Perez says: "There was a robbery and the Powerpuff Girls."
Perez says: "I know."
The camera switches to an interior shot of a doughnut shop, standing at the end of a conveyor belt as a fresh doughnut makes its way towards us. Four serving ladies stand behind the conveyor belt, at the shop counter, behind which many customers stand awaiting service.
Brickowski says: "First hot doughnut of the day!"
A manicured hand reaches into view and picks said doughnut off the belt, lifting it into the air and showing the blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman on the other end of that hand.
Police station interior. Brickowski is shown at his desk, inhaling the sweet scent of his prize for a day's hard sleeping while his fellow cops did all the work. A phone rings in the background.
Brickowski says: "Oooh, they're good when they're hot..."
Chief of Police says: "My office, now!"
Brickowski happily jumps up and wanders through his crowd of co-workers, who are giving him angry looks for his lazy behavior and lack of effort doing was he was sworn to do as part of Townsville's Finest when he first joined the force, still holding his precious doughnut out before himself with personal satisfaction.
Brickowski says: "Yup!"
Brickowski says: "Promotion time!"
Brickowski says: "Hey, man."
Chief of Police says: "Don't "man" me, sit down."
Brickowski says: "So what's up, Chief?"
Chief of Police says: "You're fired, Brickowski."
Our cop-out cop reacts in much the same way we'd expect, with dismayed horror. The screen goes brown before opening back out to the office in slats-we are watching the scene through the office blinds.
Chief of Police says: "I want you out of here immediately."
Brickowski breaks out into a smile and laughs heartily, thinking it is all a joke and he's not really being kicked off the force because of his lazy behavior.
Brickowski says: "Ha!"
Brickowski says: "Ha!"
Brickowski says: "Ha!"
Brickowski says: "Chief, you crack me up!"
The Chief then snaps and loses his cool, slams his fists on the desk, and looms into Brickowski's face furiously. So much that the veins on his neck can be seen to indicate how upset he is with the worst member of his department.
Chief of Police says: "THIS IS NO JOKE, BRICKOWSKI!"
Chief of Police says: "Now hand over your badge."
Brickowski says: "You..."
Brickowski says: "want my badge?"
Chief of Police says: "Did I stutter?"
Chief of Police says: "Now hand it over."
Chief of Police says: "Good."
Chief of Police says: "Your sunglasses."
Chief of Police says: "No, no, you can keep that."
Chief of Police says: "Little souvenir for ya."
Chief of Police says: "That doughnut's looking good though."
Chief of Police says: "Oh, yeah."
The camera returns to focus on the speaker. As Brickowski speaks, the camera zooms in and the chief brings the doughnut to his face and out of view.
Brickowski says: "Hey, I know what this is really about."
Brickowski says: "It's those Powerpuff Girls' fault."
Brickowski says: "They do all the work and now you gotta make cutbacks, so you're laying off good old Brickowski."
Brickowski says: "WELL, I THINK THAT STINKS!!"
He casts his gaze to his right, and we follow to see a photo of the chief with the Powerpuff Girls. The caption reads 'SWEARING IN 1994', indicating the Girls were present for the chief's inauguration to his current rank in the force. Brickowski's hand comes into view, punching the picture and shattering the glass, making the frame fall to the ground. He is heard charging off and we see the door slam before the chief leans into view, somewhat shocked by his former officer's reaction to being laid off due to his behavior.
Chief of Police says: "Son of a gun."
We are now outside a block of flats. It is night time. The sound of sirens and dogs barking can be heard in the background. We zoom into the upper floors before it cuts inside, showing a gritty flat with stains on the ceilings. Various pieces of furniture have evidence tags on them and a game console controller sits on the floor before a large recliner. The slovenly figure of Brickowski is slumped on the said recliner, in filthy vest and trousers. It is evident that this is his home. He raises a hand holding a television remote. It is clear he is still fuming over being dishonorably discharged from the Townsville PD, believing his laziness was absolutely not the reason for his dismissal and the Powerpuff Girls were.
Brickowski says: "Lousy little girls..."
He hits a button, turning on a giant widescreen television. A reporter appears on screen with an image beside him of the young heroines.
Reporter 2 says: "The Powerpuff Girls were in the news again today as they foiled yet another bank robbery."
The scene onscreen changes to show the female reporter, as does the angle of view, showing the TV, video player and large speakers are also stolen evidence, as is a record player to the side.
Female Reporter says: "Live at Townsville Bank where earlier today  the Powerpuff girls nailed a..."
The reporter's words become difficult to make out after this as they fade under Brickowski's line.
Brickowski says: "Powerpuff Girls, Powerpuff Girls, what about Officer Mike Brickowski?!"
Brickowski says: "!"
Female Reporter says: "Looks like this guy's got the right idea."
The camera turns to the current Brickowski, who is now sweating nervously as he watches, shocked at seeing himself having been fast asleep during the bank robbery and the footage having been used in the news report, proving that the reasons the Chief fired him for were true all along, despite his belief otherwise regarding blaming the Powerpuff Girls for doing what the police should be able to handle themselves.
Female Reporter says: "Back to you there, Kevin."
Male Reporter says: "Great piece, Maggie."
The camera zooms out, showing Brickowski looking very small and unnerved in his seemingly empty apartment as the reporter continues under.
Male Reporter says: "In other news, the Powerpuff Girls defeated another giant monster..."
During the next line, Brickowski rushes at the camera, yelling angrily, before the shot changes to the outside again, where the TV suddenly comes crashing out, displaying a picture of the three girls as it falls and finally cuts off as the expensive-looking set hits the ground and smashes to pieces.
Male Reporter says: "..."
Brickowski stands at his window, panting feverishly and practically frothing at the mouth. He quickly reaches up to wipe his mouth dry, to little effect. The camera pans out. It is clear that the former member of Townsville's Finest is out for revenge on the Girls at this point for getting him fired from the force when he still believes it wasn't his fault and his behavior that led to his dismissal.
Brickowski says: "Starting tomorrow, you girls are not gonna be on the air no more!"
The scene changes at once to the exterior of Townsville Hall. Inside, the Mayor is playing a game of golf on his desk, sweating profusely as he tries to gauge the distance he needs to putt the ball to get it into the glass immediately in front. Suddenly, he is distracted from his game as Officer Brickowski- or rather ex-Officer Brickowski- comes barging in, once more in uniform, despite having been dishonorably discharged from the force only a day earlier and still believing he was unjustly fired not due to his laziness but due to the Girls.
Brickowski says: "Mister Mayor!"
Brickowski says: "Mister Mayor!"
Brickowski says: "Criminals are attempting to rob the police department's confiscated weapons warehouse!"
Brickowski says: "Who knows what terrible villainy may ensue?"
Brickowski says: "I mean, whatever can we do?"
Brickowski says: "Whoever can we call?"
Throughout this, Brickowski makes several gestures, throwing his arms out to help exaggerate his words. The Mayor stares at him dumbly, as though this is the strangest thing he has ever witnessed, especially from one of his own lawmen, or ex-lawmen. After a moment's silence, he raises a finger and makes a suggestion.
Mayor says: "The..."
Mayor says: "the Powerpuff Girls?"
Brickowski goes to leave, smiling as though all is going to be well.
Brickowski says: "Oooh, that's a good idea!"
Brickowski says: "See, that's why you're the mayor."
Brickowski says: "And I'm just some jerk without any sunglasses!"
Powerpuff Girls bedroom int., close-up of the Hotline. It goes off, the nose flashing as per usual. Zoom out to show the girls, watching in surprise. They appear to be playing a board game of some sort, although the jagged shapes in their hands don't quite match up. The scene cuts to the building exterior as the phone is picked up.
Blossom says: "We're on our way!"
Blossom says: "I see him."
Brickowski says: "Yoo-hoo, over here, girls!"
They come to a stop before his face.
Blossom says: "Hello, officer."
Blossom says: "Where are they?"
Brickowski says: "They're in there."
Blossom says: "Good work."
Blossom says: "We'll handle it from here."
They are inside in a flash, and focus shifts to Brickowski's scheming features as he takes on a wicked smile once the Girls are out of earshot. Everything is working just as he planned for his revenge against them for getting him fired.
Brickowski says: "Oh, and, uh, do be careful, girls."
He walks off to the left, exposing a cop car tucked into the alley. Inside sits Officer Perez, having witnessed everything. He most likely was placed there on a stakeout after learning of what happened back in the Chief's office at the precinct with his former partner's outburst upon being fired, and being assigned by the Chief to keep on eye on Brickowski in case he does anything criminal that is against the Girls in retaliation for his dismissal from the force.
Perez says: "Chief, this is Perez."
The scene switches to the weapons' bank interior, which is piled high with various boxes. In the middle sits a large, yellow crane positioned over a vat of an unidentifiable green liquid. The girls fly through, exploring. Perez's voice continues over.
Perez says: "That was a good hunch, he's definitely up to something."
The girls come to a metal fence seemingly broken open. The door hangs at an odd angle and is adorned with a few signs which read '0 2 3 1', 'MOJO JOJO CONFISCATED WEAPONS' and 'DO NOT ENTER'.
Blossom says: "Mojo Jojo's confiscated weapons."
Blossom says: "In here!"
Blossom says: "We'll have to use our supervision."
As she gives the command, her eyes begin to glow green. She surveys several weapons until she comes to a strange clown-headed device shaped similarly to a fire extinguisher.
Buttercup says: "Look, there's Mojo Jojo's robot walker!"
Bubbles says: "And his giant log!"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Isn't this from our birthday party adventure?"
Buttercup says: "It doesn't look familiar."
Bubbles says: "Yeah, that's when we sang our song."
Bubbles says: "Love, love, love, makes the world go round!"
A door slams in the distance, causing the girls to turn.
Blossom says: "Huh?"
A button is pressed on a remote and the strange clown item begins to spray a strange blue gas, enveloping and choking the girls, causing them to pass out. Sometime later, Blossom is regaining consciousness. You can see part of a chain before the camera zooms out to show Bubbles on her right and Buttercup on her left, all three chained to a stubby concrete cylinder. This is viewed through the hole in a doughnut. Blossom fully regains her senses first and she looks up at her assailant.
Blossom says: "Officer, you?"
Brickowski says: "You got it."
He shoves the doughnut in his mouth as he takes a remote from his pocket similar to pulling his gun out of its holster. A flick of a switch sends the crane from before into powering on, and it begins to lift the concrete block.
Brickowski says: "Uh, now don't bother struggling, these restraints are from Mojo Jojo."
Brickowski says: "They'll hold ya."
Blossom says: "Officer!"
Blossom says: "This is madness!"
The crane moves the concrete block over the bubbling green liquid.
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "What's gotten into you?"
Brickowski says: "With you girls always round saving the day and whatnot, you make us cops look like bums!"
Bubbles says: "No, that's not true."
Buttercup says: "We need you guys."
The foreground blurs out, clearing the background, where Perez is seen standing at a window, radio to his head, probably warning the Chief that he needs backup to save the Girls from his former partner now that he saw Brickowski had indeed turned to the wrong side of the law and was seeking revenge on the Girls for his dishonorable dismissal from the Townsville PD.
Brickowski says: "Silence!"
After cutting Blossom off, he hits another button, sending the block into a slow descent into the green liquid. It is likely this is acid. The girls begin to scream in terror as Brickowski laughs darkly. Cut to a full view of him, showing a hoard of policemen standing behind him, including the Chief of Police with a megaphone in hand. He raises it to his mouth to speak, silencing Brickowski's laughter when he hears it.
Chief of Police says: "Mike Brickowski, you are under arrest!"
Perez comes in to take Brickowski's remote from him and Brickowski gives a disgruntled glare to his former partner. Perez snaps the cuffs on the wrists of the stout ex-officer before the camera returns to the girls' predicament.
Blossom says: "Good work, everybody."
Blossom says: "Now get us out of here."
Cut to a shot of Perez puzzling over the controls as the girls continue their descent in the background. With a smile, he hits a button and points the remote at the crane. Nothing happens. His smile turns to a frown as he hits it again, trying to get any response out of the crane to reverse lowering the Girls into the acid, growing frustrated when there is still no response.
Perez says: "Come on, Come on!"
Officer 1 says: "Maybe the battery's dead."
Officer 2 says: "Try all the buttons."
Girls says: "Hurry!"
Perez presses a button that shows a green line on the side of the remote, displaying the power levels.
Perez says: "No, the battery's fine, the battery meter's full."
The Girls scream as they get closer to taking an acid bath.
Chief of Police says: "Perez, try pointing it at the crane!"
Blossom says: "Turn it off!"
Perez says: "Okay!"
He turns to the crane and hits a switch O.C., but nothing happens as he continues to struggle with the controls and tries to reverse the crane. The girls are plunged regardless into the acid, screaming. The officers shield their faces and recoil in horror. Perez hums in melancholy though before pressing another button, finally sending the machine into reverse and hauling the chain back up. The block has dissolved, and the girls, while having their hair and clothes singed and cheeks burnt, are relatively fine, if a little dazed and confused. The Chief is waiting as they touch down, having put his bullhorn away to address the Girls normally.
Chief of Police says: "Sorry about that, Girls."
Chief of Police says: "Are..."
Chief of Police says: "are you alright?"
Blossom says: "What do you know?"
Blossom says: "I guess acid can't hurt us."
Warehouse exterior, where several police cruisers sit with their reds-and-blues flashing. Perez is seen pushing Brickowski into the back of a police car. He shuts the door and walks round to the front to hop in the driver's seat to take his former partner to jail to be sentenced for his actions against the Girls.
Brickowski says: "This is just another story of a good cop gone bad."
The scene dissolves to the usual ending screen.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "and the fine, upstanding men and women of the Townsville Police Department."