Pull back to show the Townsville skyline, as the fight continues in the background. Across the bottom are the words "5 NEWS ALERT," and a smiling reporter appears, holding a microphone.
Reporter says: "Well, it appears that the Powerpuff Girls have beaten the evil Ro-Beast and saved the day."
Reporter says: "Again."
Reporter says: "Back to you, Chuck."
Cut to the news room, where Chuck is at the anchor desk with a graphic of the Channel 5 logo next to him. He too is smiling.
Chuck says: "And on a school night, even."
Chuck says: "Well, in other news: Is Alaska..."
Voice 1 says: "Gaaahhhh!"
The view -- actually a TV screen -- is obscured by a blue-green transparent material, then changes to show the speaker, which appears to be an oversized microscopic organism glaring angrily down at the TV. It wears a gray fedora and sounds very much like Edward G. Robinson.
Organism says: "Stinkin' Powerpuffs!"
Organism says: "Hi, I'm Bossman."
Organism says: "And this is Skinny Slim and Tiny."
Two other organisms, one wearing a brown fedora and another, smaller one in a black cap, appear behind the speaker in time with this line.
Organism says: "We're the Amoeba Boys, and we're bad guys!"
Cut to a close-up of a "Keep Off the Grass" sign.
Bossman says: "But we got a problem, though."
Pull back as the Amoeba Boys leap into view next to the sign, trying to look mean.
Bossman says: "No matter what unthinkable crime we commit..."
Now we see the girls in the park, with the Boys in the background, still next to the sign. Blossom is playing hopscotch, Bubbles is playing with a top-hatted toy octopus which will later be identified as Octi and Buttercup is floating back and forth above them. They pay no heed to the Boys.
Bossman says: "..."
Bossman says: "it's never good enough for those stinkin' Powerpuffs!"
Cut to the Boys in their hideout.
Bossman says: "Oh, sure, we try to be tough."
Bossman says: "We try to be "hardened criminals."
Bossman says: ""  But all we ever hear is..."
Cut to the park again. Blossom is facing the Boys, not particularly scared of them.
Blossom says: "Bad guys, schmad guys."
They turn around angrily and find Bubbles and Buttercup behind them.
Bubbles says: "You're cute!"
Buttercup says: "You're cute!"
Cut back to the Boys' hideout. All three of them are angry now.
Bossman says: "Aaaagh!"
Bossman says: "It's enough to make you want to crawl back in the petri dish!"
Bossman says: "But we keep on keepin' on..."
Bossman says: "..."
Bossman says: "and wait for that one crime that'll set those girls over the edge."
Bossman says: "Hmmm..."
They start thinking. Fade to black.
Fade into them again. Bossman is still thinking; Skinny and Tiny are asleep. Suddenly he springs to life.
Bossman says: "Boys!"
Bossman says: "I've got it!"
Bossman says: "The crime of the century!"
Dissolve to another lovely day in the park. Kids are playing, butterflies are flitting about, and everyone is having fun. Pan to the swing set, where the girls are swinging as hard as they can.
Blossom says: "It's your turn, Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "'Kay!"
Bubbles says: "One..."
Bubbles says: "Three!"
She lets go and flies o.c. Cut to outer space, with Earth in the bottom corner and Bubbles sailing up from it into the stars.
Bubbles says: "Yaaaaaahooooooooooo!"
She lands on the moon. Back in the park, Blossom and Buttercup are looking up dejectedly after their sister.
Blossom says: "You won."
Buttercup says: "You won."
Narrator says: "Just then, the girls' ultrasonic hearing picks up something."
Extreme close-up of the mouth of one of the Boys.
High voice says: "Help, Powerpuff Girls, help!"
High voice says: "A real bad guy's on the loose!"
Pull back to reveal the speaker as Bossman, with Skinny and Tiny behind him, grinning.
Bossman says: "If you can hurry up and get here, I can tell you all about them..."
Cut to a shot of the girls' shadows cast against a row of buildings as they fly in.
Bossman says: "Oh, you'll probably want to beat 'em up 'cause they're just soooo nasty!"
As he finishes saying this, the girls land with their backs to the camera. Close-up of them, ready to throw down.
Girls says: "Not so fast --  Oh."
Blossom says: "It's just you, Amoeba Boys."
Bossman says: "Whaddya mean, just us?"
Bossman says: "I'll have you know we were just about to commit the crime of the century!"
Bossman says: "So why don't you just watch?"
Cut to a busy street, with traffic racing back and forth. The Boys come into view left, look both ways, then slither quickly across the street and back to face the girls.
Bossman says: "Well?"
Close-up of the girls' faces, with question marks in the background.
Girls says: "What was that?"
Close-up of the Boys, looking very pleased with themselves.
Bossman says: "Jaywalking!"
Bossman says: "Crosswalk over there..."
He points left and the camera follows to show an intersection, then returns.
Bossman says: "..."
Bossman says: "a crosswalk over there!"
He points right and the camera follows and returns again.
Bossman says: "And us, right through the middle!"
Bossman says: "Now let's fight!"
He moves toward Blossom, but again she does not seem too scared. In fact, she is smiling.
Blossom says: "Aw, you guys are cute, but you're gonna have to do better than that!"
Boys says: "But that's the best we could do!"
The girls approach the Boys to comfort them. Flowers appear in the background.
Blossom says: "There, there, it's okay."
Blossom says: "Have you ever tried robbing a bank?"
The Boys are so surprised by this, their hats jump off their heads and spin around.
Boys says: "That's impossible!"
The girls pop into view one by one, excited about this prospect.
Blossom says: "No, it's not!"
Buttercup says: "We'll show you!"
Bubbles says: "Come on!"
Cut to the bank -- a very tall building that says "BANK" at its top -- and the girls flying down to land in front of it, carrying the Boys.
Boys says: "Yahoo!"
Inside, we see a row of tellers, lines of customers, a vault with a guard stationed next to it -- the usual things you find in a bank. Pan to the girls and the Boys at the back of the room.
[Note says: "One of the customers at the counter is patterned after Craig McCracken."
Blossom says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Rob the bank."
Close-up of the Boys, looking very nervous. Bossman finally swallows hard and slithers across the room to stand behind the last customer in line. He holds up a bag as if trick-or-treating.
Bossman says: "Um, ah, excuse me, but..."
Bossman says: "could we please have some money, please?"
The girls are not at all pleased with the performance.
Blossom says: "Like this."
She leaps up onto a counter, with a stocking pulled over her head for a mask, and drops right into bank-robbing mode.
Blossom says: "This is a stick-up, everybody!"
Blossom says: "Down!"
At the counter, the tellers stare at her, dumbfounded.
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "down!"
She fires a laser blast from her eyes and the tellers duck; the wall behind them is singed.
Blossom says: "Now fork over the dough!"
Still ducked down, they hold up bags of cash. We can hear coins jingle due to their shaking hands. Buttercup, also masked, flies across the room and scoops the bags up as the Boys watch.
Bossman says: "Yow!"
Skinny says: "Ooooh!"
Tiny says: "Ooooh!"
Buttercup and the also-masked Bubbles start dumping money into a big bag on the floor in front of Blossom.
Blossom says: "Good!"
Blossom says: "Good!"
Blossom says: "Keep it coming!"
Blossom says: "Keep it coming!"
Blossom says: "Shut that kid up!"
The Boys rush in. Bossman rocks the baby, Skinny makes goofy faces, and Tiny shakes a rattle.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "The Vault!"
The two girls fly toward the vault door and stop at it. The Boys watch, still holding the baby and not believing any of what they see, as we hear the creaking of metal. The door is flung into view from the left, sailing over their heads and crashing through the back wall. An alarm goes off.
Blossom says: "Got everything?"
Blossom says: "Okay!"
Blossom says: "Let's blow this joint!"
Cut to the vault guard, now crying, and the girls with their haul next to him.
Guard says: "But, Powerpuff Girls, you used to be so good!"
Blossom grabs his tie and pulls him down until his face is almost touching hers.
Blossom says: "What?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "We're not good at this?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Cut to behind the Boys, with the girls standing at the hole in the wall.
Blossom says: "Well, folks, so long."
Blossom says: "Thanks again, and remember..."
Blossom says: "crime does pay!"
Close-up of the girls, now without their masks and holding up the sacks of money. They are out of bank-robbing mode now.
Girls says: "And that's all there is to it!"
Girls says: "Now you try!"
Voice 2 says: "Hey!"
Outside the bank, the police and SWAT team have pulled up and a chopper hovers. We hear weapons being loaded and cocked. One of the officers has a bullhorn; his voice is the one that was just heard.
Officer says: "Powerpuff Girls, you're under arrest!"
Another officer walks into view, crying with his head down, unable to bear what he has to do. He drags a chain behind him.
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Blossom says: "We didn't do it!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, it was just pretend!"
Bubbles says: "We were just showing the Amoeba Boys how!"
The girls are pulled into view, handcuffed to the other end of the chain, during Bubbles' line. She is the last to appear. Camera shifts to their perspective, looking back at the Boys by the hole in the wall.
Girls says: "Tell them!"
Girls says: "Tell them!"
The paddy wagon doors slam shut. Cut to outside the barred window, the girls poking their heads up into it, as the wagon roars off.
Girls says: "TELL THEM!!"
The Boys stand in front of the bank, still in shock -- and then they see the pile of cash next to them, as do we when the camera pulls back. A heavenly choir begins to sing, and the Boys are so happy that their hats once again jump off their heads and spin around. They have a means to prove they are criminals and can go to jail, not to mention prove the Girls are innocent.
Cut to a close-up of a judge's gavel on the way down.
Judge says: "Order in the court!"
Man in court says: "I'll have a cheese sandwich, please."
He is hit over the head with the gavel by the judge for his stupid response. After reprimanding the man for his wisecrack, the judge eases his mood and twirls his gavel in a bored manner as he speaks, pretty much considering the case open and shut.
Judge says: "Now the Powerpuff Girls have been accused of robbing the Townsville Bank, which we all know is a big fat lie."
Judge says: "But for the sake of argument, how do you plead?"
Close-up of the girls, looking sad and sorry and standing in a spotlight.
Girls says: "Guilty."
Judge says: "GUILTY?!"
Judge says: "!"
Judge says: "?"
Extreme close-up of Blossom. A tear rolls down her face.
Blossom says: "Guilty."
Back to the judge, who is unable to hold himself together as the Girls' confession of guilt has left him devastated as he now has to bear the burden of delivering punishment on them.
Judge says: "All that leaves me with is to sentence you girls..."
He brings it down as he continues; it goes fast enough to catch fire. The camera follows it.
Judge says: "..."
Judge says: "to one million years in Townsville State Correctional Facility, starting..."
Boys says: "Stop!"
The gavel stops just before it can hit the bench, and the head collapses into a pile of ashes.
Girls says: "Amoeba Boys!"
(Just before they turn says: "a clip with a heart on it."
we see for the first time what Blossom uses to keep her ponytail in place says: "a clip with a heart on it."
(Just before they turn says: "Close-up of the Boys, holding the bags of money and sweating profusely."
we see for the first time what Blossom uses to keep her ponytail in place says: "Close-up of the Boys, holding the bags of money and sweating profusely."
(Just before they turn says: ")"
we see for the first time what Blossom uses to keep her ponytail in place says: ")"
Boys says: "What do we do with these?"
Blossom says: "The money!"
Buttercup says: "You stole it!"
Bubbles says: "And we didn't!"
Bossman says: "Yeah, which means, uh..."
Judge says: "You're going to jail."
Boys says: "Yahoo!"
Bossman leans over to talk to Blossom.
Bossman says: "But before we go, would it be okay if we..."
Blossom says: "Well..."
Blossom says: "okay."
The girls begin fighting the Boys.
Bossman says: "Yeah!"
Tiny says: "Whoo!"
Skinny says: "Duh..."
Skinny says: "hit me, baby!"
Skinny says: "Yes!"
Narrator says: "Congratulations, Amoeba Boys."
Narrator says: "For once you did something wrong."
Narrator says: "You're bad guys at last..."
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
On the end of this line, the girls get ready to deliver one final blow and the background for the end shot comes up, with the Boys flying across the screen.
Boys says: "Yeah!"