Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, another beautiful morning, same old, same old, yadda, yadda, yadda."
Narrator says: "Huh?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Wait!"
Pull back quickly to put the city in the background and the girls' house in the fore. A large transmitter tower has been set up next to it. This is the source of the rattling.
Narrator says: "What's happening at the Professor's house?!"
Narrator says: "!"
(The tower shakes more violently says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
the camera begins to vibrate as well. A low rumbling begins says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
then grows. A flash of white light fills the screen for an instant says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
the shaking says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
rumbling stop. A few moments later says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
the sky flashes red once says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
an energy field begins to radiate out from the transmitter. The waves pass over Townsville Hall says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
which shakes briefly afterward. The same occurs at the following locations says: "the Bank of the Imperial Garden, the Pokey Folks retirement home, Ms."
(The tower shakes more violently says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
the camera begins to vibrate as well. A low rumbling begins says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
then grows. A flash of white light fills the screen for an instant says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
the shaking says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
rumbling stop. A few moments later says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
the sky flashes red once says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
an energy field begins to radiate out from the transmitter. The waves pass over Townsville Hall says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
which shakes briefly afterward. The same occurs at the following locations says: "Bellum's house, the Shankaplex cinema - advertising the movie "Freakin' Friday" -  and the observatory."
(The tower shakes more violently says: ")"
the camera begins to vibrate as well. A low rumbling begins says: ")"
then grows. A flash of white light fills the screen for an instant says: ")"
the shaking says: ")"
rumbling stop. A few moments later says: ")"
the sky flashes red once says: ")"
an energy field begins to radiate out from the transmitter. The waves pass over Townsville Hall says: ")"
which shakes briefly afterward. The same occurs at the following locations says: ")"
Long shot of the city and the suburbs. The energy field is still radiating over the entire view. After a few seconds, the emissions stop and the screen shakes. Long silence.
Professor says: "Oh..."
Professor says: "oh, what have I done?!"
Professor says: "!"
Dissolve to inside the girls' bedroom at the windows and pan to the bed. The covers are pulled all the way up. All we see of them are fringes of red-orange and black hair on the pillows.
Professor says: "Girls."
Professor says: "Girls, wake up!"
They mumble sleepily. Close-up of Buttercup's side of the bed. She yawns.
Professor says: "Wake up, Buttercup."
The covers are thrown back, but the person under them is not Buttercup - it is the Professor, wearing his pajamas and with stubble all over his face. However, the voice is Buttercup's.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Professor, it's Saturday."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Can't a girl get some sleep?!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Harumph."
She pulls the covers back over herself. A moment later, she sits bolt upright in cold shock as the reality sets in almost instantly like a two-by-four to her head.
Buttercup/Professor says: "B-B-B-B..."
She continues stuttering as the camera cuts to her perspective - looking down at the nightgown-clad Buttercup, who speaks in the Professor's voice.
Professor/Buttercup says: "Now remain calm, Buttercup."
Back to Buttercup in bed. She reacts totally the opposite of what the Professor had told her to do. She screams and breathes hard, panicked. Holding her hands up in front of herself, she sees that she now has a full set of fingers, which she works back and forth. Her mouth begins to wobble, terror washing over the rest of her face, and after a long moment she breaks down, sobbing and wailing.
[Animation goof says: "When her hands are seen for the first time, there are five fingers on each instead of the usual four."
A hand reaches into view from the right and socks Buttercup in the shoulder to shut her up. This hand also has a set of fingers and is attached to an arm with a red sleeve.
Blossom says: "Keep it down!"
Blossom says: "I'm trying to sleep!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Hey!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Blossom?!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "!"
Pull back quickly to show the entire bed, with the Professor looking up over it from the floor. In the center section is Ms. Bellum, wearing a red gown and with her hair a total mess. Of course, her face is not visible under this. She speaks in Blossom's voice.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Professor, what are you doing in bed?"
Close-up of Buttercup, who begins to giggle.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Wait!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "What’s going on?"
Buttercup points o.c.; pan back to Blossom.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "What?"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Nice bed head, Blossom!"
Blossom gasps and jumps up, screaming. Her hair flies in all directions. Cut to her perspective, looking down at the Professor. Now he has a small pipe.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "What happened?!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "You're not grown up."
Buttercup/Professor says: "You're just inside Ms."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Bellum's all-grown-up body."
Professor/Buttercup says: "That's right, Buttercup."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "who is..."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "?"
Blossom reaches to Bubbles' section of the bed and pulls the covers partway down, exposing a pair of hairy feet. She and Buttercup scream in surprise. The Professor approaches the side of the bed.
Professor/Buttercup says: "Girls!"
Professor/Buttercup says: "Girls, please."
Professor/Buttercup says: "It's just Bubbles."
He pulls the covers all the way down to reveal the pajama-clad Mayor sleeping the wrong way around. The man mumbles in his sleep - in Bubbles' voice - and is still wearing his monocle.
Professor/Buttercup says: "In the Mayor's body."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Eeewwww."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Eeewwww."
Bubbles walks across the room in front of the Professor.
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Ah."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Good morning, Buttercup."
In the bathroom, she reaches into the medicine cabinet for the toothpaste, then closes its door. Now her reflection is in front of her, but she seems to take no notice as she brushes her teeth.
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Good morning, Mayor."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Hmm."
She resumes brushing her teeth. Several seconds pass before the facts finally sink in. The eye behind the monocle pops wide open. She spits her mouthful of toothpaste at the mirror before going down in a dead faint. Pull back quickly from the bathroom doorway, where she lands, to show the others looking on.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Professor, what the heck's going on here?!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Professor, what the heck's going on here?!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "!"
Professor/Buttercup says: "Well, lately I've been working on a way to..."
Dissolve to the lab. He stands on a countertop and addresses the girls, seated on the floor. Behind him is a blackboard. Next to him is a glass dome fitted with electrodes and with an apple and orange underneath it.
Professor/Buttercup says: "..."
Professor/Buttercup says: "turn apples into oranges using a new passive nucleic electron alchemy I've devised."
Close-up of Blossom and pan across her to the others, looking very confused.
Professor/Buttercup says: "It worked!"
Girls says: "Yay!"
Close-up of the two pieces of fruit.
Professor/Buttercup says: "But not well enough."
A knife descends into view and cuts them in half during this line. The apple's interior is that of an orange, and vice versa. Not quite the successful test the Professor had been hoping for.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Huh."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Gypped."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Hmm."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Yes."
Professor/Buttercup says: "But I quickly realized that all I needed to achieve total conversion  was a much larger dose of theta waves."
Back to the Professor, now standing in front of a large piece of equipment. As he continues, the camera turns up to the ceiling, where a hole has been cut for the transmitter tower. The movement puts him out of view.
The night sky is seen. Pan to images of the house and a man in bed, both floating in midair. Energy radiates out from the transmitter.
Professor/Buttercup says: "harnessing the neuroelectric power of every citizen in Townsville."
Back to the lab. Buttercup lets out a low whistle of being impressed. Bubbles is trying to stand on her head and not having any luck. As the Professor continues, pan from him to the equipment, sparking and shorting. The camera movement once again puts him out of view.
Professor/Buttercup says: "But unfortunately, I overloaded the power matrix,  causing a negative feedback pulse to discharge back through the frequency array and across Townsville."
Two pairs of molecules appear, along with a cut apple and orange. As the Professor continues, energy washes over them.
(Now the following pairs appear says: "Blossom and Ms."
(Now the following pairs appear says: "Bellum, the Professor and Buttercup, and Bubbles and the Mayor."
(Now the following pairs appear says: "The energy washes over them, and they trade places."
(Now the following pairs appear says: "Buttercup gets the Professor's pipe, and Bubbles ends up with the Mayor's monocle and top hat."
(Now the following pairs appear says: ")"
Professor/Buttercup says: "our exomolecular constructs were inadvertently interchanged."
Back to the lab.
Professor/Buttercup says: "And that's exactly what happened to us."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Mmm, yes, Bubbles?"
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Yeah."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Um… What?"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "so just go ahead and change us back now, ok?"
Long silence. Finally, he takes his pipe out of his mouth and sighs heavily.
Professor/Buttercup says: "I don't know how."
Cut to an extreme close-up of the hotline as it starts to buzz, then pull back. Buttercup reaches out to answer it, her fingers stiff and held together. She raises her hand to her ear, but the receiver stays put.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Hello?"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Professor, your hand doesn't work."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Ok."
The hand slams down on the phone's red light, pushing it in. The camera turns up to a large video display on the wall behind it. The screen fills with static as the camera pulls back to show all four. After a moment, the image resolves into a close-up of Bubbles. She speaks in the Mayor's voice.
Mayor/Bubbles says: "Help!"
Mayor/Bubbles says: "We have an emergency situation down here!"
Professor/Buttercup says: "We know, Mayor."
Professor/Buttercup says: "We've swapped bodies."
Mayor/Bubbles says: "I've got a run in my stocking."
Pull back. Blossom is standing on the desk next to him, her face cut off by the top edge of the screen. She speaks in Ms. Bellum's voice, so to compensate, Ms. Bellum in Blossom's body is shown how she normally would be seen in her own body; from the neck down. Now the setting is seen as the Mayor's office.
Ms. Bellum/Blossom says: "Um..."
Ms. Bellum/Blossom says: "I think what the Mayor means is that it's not just us who switched bodies."
Ms. Bellum/Blossom says: "All of Townsville did."
Back to the girls.
Back to the screen, zoomed in on the bank. Police cars surround it. An alarm is heard.
Mayor/Bubbles says: "They have?"
Mayor/Bubbles says: "Oh, that's terrible."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Well, who did it?"
Ms. Bellum/Blossom says: "We don't know."
Ms. Bellum/Blossom says: "With everyone switched, no one can figure out just who is who."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Ok, we’ll take care of it."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "But, Professor, start working on a way to switch us all back."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "We can't stay this way forever."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Agreed."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Mayor, Bellum, I'll need your help."
He blows bubbles from the pipe for a few seconds. Back to the girls.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "I think we better clean up and change first."
The screen explodes into the background for the end shot. From left to right, we see Buttercup, Blossom, and Bubbles wearing larger versions of the girls' usual attire. Buttercup's hair is done up in a flip contoured to the Professor's boxy head. She wears short white socks and a faceful of stubble. Blossom has black high heels and thigh-high white stockings that stop just short of her hemline. Bubbles' hair is in pigtails, but the top of her head is completely bald.
Back to the lab. The camera starts at Buttercup's feet and turns up toward her head, showing hairy legs and a face covered with tiny bandages - evidently, she ran into some problems while shaving. Blossom is seen in a similar shot. Bubbles is seen last, her head down. The camera keeps turning up past her head, then snaps back down to it.
Blossom and Buttercup take off, the bandages falling away from the latter's face, but stop short. Bubbles is still standing on the ground.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Bubbles, come on!"
Bubbles/Mayor says: "I'm not going."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "What are you talking about?"
Bubbles/Mayor says: "I'm not going out there."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Huh."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Why not?"
Close-up of Bubbles. She begins to sob.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Well?"
Bubbles sobs louder and flips a wall switch, turning on an overhead lamp. She bows her head, the light glaring off it.
Bubbles/Mayor says: "I'm bald!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Don't be silly."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "You're not bald."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Uh… You have plenty of hair."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "See?"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Look."
She reaches into view with a comb and scrapes hair from one pigtail across the top of her sister's head.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "There!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Now you look just like a normal person."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Really?"
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Do I, Professor?"
Cut to him at the blackboard. Now he is dressed in a small lab coat and black pants, basically, a Powerpuff Girl sized version of his regular everyday clothes. The question catches him completely off guard. He looks nervously around for a moment.
Professor/Buttercup says: "Uh… Um… Uh, yeah, you look great."
Professor/Buttercup says: "Um, right, Mayor?"
On screen, the Mayor is sitting on the desk, hard at work with curlers, comb, and blow dryer.
Mayor/Bubbles says: "Uh..."
Mayor/Bubbles says: "Yeah, sure."
Mayor/Bubbles says: "Whatever."
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, he wears Bubbles' nightgown, not her dress as in the previous sequence."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Ok, let’s go."
Cut to the girls in flight, then to the exterior of the bank. They crash in through the front wall. Cut to them in the lobby.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Ok, everyone."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Who's responsible for this crime?"
Camera turns around and pans slowly across the lobby. The vault stands open. Near it is a guard, poking his nightstick aimlessly in front of him. A cowboy hunches on the floor next to his horse. A construction worker, an astronaut, a fireman, and a giraffe are behind the teller counter next to a seemingly normal woman. Two small children are present, as well as a creature that looks something like an oversized rabbit. A baby sits on the floor. Near him is an old woman. She wears a white blouse, blue skirt, and a purple shawl knotted around her shoulders, and her hair is held in a bun by a pair of knitting needles. It looks somewhat like Mojo's brain cap due to the appearance.
Bubbles flies up to the guard.
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Mr."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Guard, sir?"
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Do you know who stole all—"
The guard gurgles happily for a moment and spits up. He has traded bodies with the baby. Buttercup approaches the one normal-looking teller.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Who stole the money?"
The teller answers by jumping onto the counter, barking, and licking her face. Cut to behind Blossom at floor level. She points down at the baby.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Did you see who did it?"
Baby says: "Lady, I see a lot of things."
Old woman says: "Oh, yes."
Old woman says: "Big furry pink fellow."
Girls says: "What?"
Old woman says: "Very concerned about his property."
Girls says: "Fuzzy!"
Buttercup/Professor says: "Thanks, old lady."
We see them in flight, then the exterior of Fuzzy Lumpkins' shack as they crash in. Inside, he is lifting a cup of tea to his lips, but Blossom slaps him to the ground. The girls stand over him.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "What's your alibi for not robbing the bank, Fuzzy?!"
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "!"
Fuzzy says: "and furthermore, I am not a ”Fuzzy."
An Englishman is in his body. The girls have no response to this for a moment.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, that's funny."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Then, if you're not responsible—"
She is cut off by the buzzing of the hotline. Close-up of a small wrist-mounted model. Bubbles is wearing it. She answers, holding the tiny receiver to her ear. The Mayor can be heard over the line, talking excitedly.
We see them in flight again, then a jewelry shop - Julie Jule's Jewels. The front window is smashed, and an alarm screams out. The girls are gathered around the old woman again.
Old woman says: "Oh, they were seasick-looking young lads."
Girls says: "The Gangreen Gang!"
Once more we see them in flight. This time, they barge in on the Gang's hideout in the Townsville Dump.
Buttercup/Professor says: "All right."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Hands in the—"
Girl 1/Ace says: "Oh, Leo."
Girl 1/Ace says: "What a dreamboat."
All five are lying on the floor, looking at magazines and giggling like schoolgirls - with whom they have traded places with.
Buttercup/Professor says: "Definitely wasn't the Gangreen Gang."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Then who committed these crimes?"
Girl 2/Grubber says: "What about that monkey you're always chasin' around?"
Girl 2/Grubber says: "He seems like a pretty bad guy."
Girl 3/Snake says: "Yeah, my dad hates him."
Buttercup/Professor says: "Good idea!"
They are seen in flight yet again, and they crash through the roof of the observatory. Inside, they approach Mojo Jojo. His back is to them, but he turns around, holding a tray out to them.
Old Woman/Mojo says: "Milk and cookies?"
He is not himself, but the girls do not stop to reflect on this. They unload on the monkey. The tray and its load go flying. The cookies and glasses of milk shatter on the floor. The old woman, in Mojo's body, is nearby, with one of Blossom's feet planted on her chest.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Your cookie's crumbled, Mojo."
Old Woman/Mojo says: "Mojo?"
Old Woman/Mojo says: "But I'm just an old lady."
Old Woman/Mojo says: "And you're crushing me."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Oh."
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Sorry."
[Animation goofs says: "In this close-up, Blossom's shoe is red, and she wears no stockings - Ms."
[Animation goofs says: "Bellum's normal style of dressing."
[Animation goofs says: "The black shoes and white stockings reappear in the next scene."
From-the-ground view of the girls.
Blossom/Ms. Bellum says: "Well, if you're in Mojo's body..."
Bubbles/Mayor says: "Then Mojo must be in..."
Cut to a vase shop. The front window smashes out, and an alarm goes off. The old woman leaps through onto the sidewalk, holding a vase and laughing madly. Her voice is that of Mojo.
Mojo/Old Woman says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Mojo/Old Woman says: "A priceless vase, and I have taken it for myself without paying!"
Mojo/Old Woman says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Fade to black, ending act 1.
Part Two.