Opening shot of the city.
Narrator says: "The City of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "And no better place to spend father's day."
The camera zooms in before cutting to a pair of yellow kites in the air, one labelled 'DAD', and one labelled 'SON'. The camera stays on these for a brief moment before panning down to the father and son holding them and smiling, clearly enjoying their time together. The father pats the sparse hair on his son's head before the camera starts to pan right. As it does so, we see a father and son playing catch by a bench, a father and son on the bench eating ice cream, and on their other side another pair who have just finished a game of basket ball by the looks of things.
Man 1 says: "Son, when I was your age..."
Man 1 says: "ah, I was twelve."
Man 1 says: "(His son looks shocked by the revelation, clearly having expected this story to go elsewhere"
Man 1 says: "."
Man 2 says: "Billy, that was an amazing shot!"
Narrator says: "Yes, it's a wonderful day for all the dads of townsville."
The father and son duo move away to display Mojo on another park bench. He is looking rather bored and unimpressed with the day's events so far and drinking from a resteraunt soda cup.
Narrator says: "Well, almost."
Close-up of Mojo. He begins to mock the father he has just seen.
Boy 1 says: "Dad!"
Boy 1 says: "I wanna be a man just like you someday."
Man 3 says: "I love you too, son."
Once again, the pair hug.
Mojo says: "Oh puh-lease."
Boy 2 says: "DADDY!"
Boy 2 says: "THOSE MEAN BOYS BEAT ME UP, AND TOOK MY ICE CREAM MONEY, AND GAVE ME A WEDGIE!"
Mojo looks in the direction he's pointing, and gasps in shock.  The Rowdyruff Boys are kneeling there, counting the money.
Mojo says: "The Rowdyruff Boys?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Mojo says: "This is not possible!"
Mojo says: "How is it that something that was destroyed can exist again?"
Mojo says: "I demand an explanation as to how something that was destroyed can exist again!"
Brick says: "Duh, nice hat, dorko!"
Mojo says: "How dare you talk to your father that way!"
Boys says: "Father?!"
Boys says: "!"
Him says: "Yes, it seems that the boys have found a new father now."
Mojo says: "What?"
Him says: "I brought the boys back, so I am their father now."
Mojo says: "Incorrect!"
Mojo says: "The Rowdyruff Boys were my idea, which means I was the original creator!"
Mojo says: "Yes, it was I who originally created them, which means it was my creativity which led to the origin of the idea which resulted in the creation of them."
Mojo says: "Therefore the idea originated before the actual creating began, resulting in total origination of all creativity."
Him looks on wearily, stifling a yawn. Cut to the boys.
Brick says: "Duh, I didn't get that the first time."
Brick says: "Can you repeat that?"
Him says: "I'm sorry, Mojo, but your creation was destroyed by the Powerpuff Girls,  They should remain mine."
Mojo says: "Better?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Mojo says: "How could you make Mojo Jojo's design of the Rowdyruff boys any better?"
Him says: "So why don't you run along, chimp chump?!"
Him says: "!"
Mojo really starts fuming now until he can no longer hold it back and practically leaps at Him in his eagerness to argue back.
Mojo says: "Those boys were created to do pure evil, which makes me the more fit father since I am pure evil."
Him says: "The way I do!"
The two disgruntled fathers really start to get in one another's face as the argument continues.
Mojo says: "That is not so!"
Him says: "Is so!"
Mojo says: "Is not so!"
Him says: "Is so!"
Cut to the boys, looking very bored and practically falling asleep on their feet as they wait for things to move along swiftly.
Mojo says: "Is not!"
Him says: "Is so!"
Mojo says: "Is not!"
Him says: "Is so!"
Mojo says: "Is not."
Him says: "Is so!"
Cut back to the arguing fathers. They are now level, as though Mojo has suddenly gained a few meters in height, glaring deeply into one another's eyes. Pull back as Mojo pushes Him away, showing the former to be stood atop a stack of phone books.
Mojo says: "Very well then!"
Mojo says: "Since you will not acknowledge that I, Mojo Jojo, the original creator of the Rowdyruff Boys, who were originally created by me, am the more evil father, you leave me no alternative but to PROVE that I am the more evil father, therefore making me the better parent!"
Him says: "And I will prove that I am the eviller parent!"
Mojo says: "Very well then!"
Mojo says: "Let the evil begin!"
Him says: "Let the evil begin!"
The scene switches to show an election campaign. The Mayor stands by a podium, flanked by two bodyguards as a crowd stands below him. Above sits a banner reading 'MAYOR '04'. Pull back to show this is being watched on a screen by Mojo and the boys.
Mojo says: "First, I will demonstrate my total evilness by kidnapping the Mayor of Townsville!"
Mayor says: "Friends and neighbours and, uh, fellow bedwetters!"
Mayor says: "We are gathered here today to witness the holy union between-  Huh?"
Mayor says: "Oh?"
Mayor says: "You don't say!"
Mayor says: "Who's getting elected?"
Mojo says: "Now, observe."
Mayor says: "And furthermore, it has come to my attention that there are just too many of you."
Mojo says: "Behold, the TRCP 800!"
Cut to inside.
Boomer says: "You mean..."
Boomer says: "Totally Rad City Pulverizer?"
Mojo says: "No, dumb-dumb."
Brick happily takes the opportunity to hit his brother. Cut back to the TRCP as what appears to be a floating pickle with an antennae comes from the nozzle.
Mojo says: "The remote-control pickle!"
Mojo says: "Now prepare to witness true evil!"
The floating pickle stop before a simple box trap held up by a stick connected to a string before disappearing inside. The box itself claims to be for holding pickles. The Mayor continues to crawl toward the trap, relentlessly babbling over his need for pickles. As he approaches, we cut between Mojo and the Mayor, the former hovering his finger over a big red button.
Mojo says: "Steady..."
Him says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Mayor says: "Pickle?"
We pull back to show the airborne vehicle in question is in fact a blimp made to look like a pickle. The Mayor reaches for this and then follows it blindly.
Mayor says: "Pickle."
Mojo says: "Curses!"
Cut to the blimp interior as Him teleports the boys over. They appear dazed.
Him says: "And now, my dear boys, I will show you just how evil I am, by letting the mayor play a little game of upsy downsy."
Mayor says: "Pickle pickle?"
For this shot, Boomer appears to be missing his clothes, and Butch, his arms.
Brick says: "Man, that was pretty evil!"
Cut back to ground level. A crowd has now assembelled around the Mayor. Ms Bellum rushes over.
Ms Bellum says: "Mayor?"
Ms Bellum says: "Are you okay?"
The Mayor sits up and blinks, looking round until his eyes fall upon a man eating a banana with a bored expression. Zoom in  on the banana.
Mayor says: "Banana."
Mayor says: "Banana, banana, banana, banana banana, banana, banana, banana!"
Ms Bellum says: "Yep, he's just fine."
Cut back up to the blimp window where all four occupants look on. The boys' arms appear detached on and off until removed from the blimp. Him draws the boys' attention to himself as he speaks.
Him says: "Don't worry, boys, there's  more evil where that came fr-oh!"
Butch says: "Wow!"
Butch says: "A giant fighting robot!"
Zoom in to the eyes of the robot, showing Mojo at the controls.
Mojo says: "Yes, a giant evil fighting robot created by Mojo Jojo!"
The robot raises its free hand to the blimp, one finger outstretched. This finger acts as a vaccum, pulling the Rowdyruff Boys out of the blimp and into the main control room of the robot.
Mojo says: "Now watch this!"
Brick says: "Wow!"
Brick says: "That's super evil, dude!"
Mojo says: "Yes, and it's all yours to command."
The boys exchange looks as they consider this before looking back to Mojo.
Brick says: "You mean..."
Brick says: "we can blow stuff up and stuff?"
Brick says: "Anything?"
Mojo says: "Anything."
The boys run to the controls, cheering. Suddenly, Brick throws his arms up to stop his brothers.
Brick says: "Waaaiiit!"
Brick says: "First, let's start with that stupid Mayor!"
Cut to the city, where the man being followed by the Mayor is talking on the phone.
Man 4 says: "Anyway, I got this little naked dude following me and it's a bummer."
Man 4 says: "Alright, just take it, please!"
Mayor says: "Banana."
Mojo says: "Curses..."
Scientist 1 says: "Doctor Shank."
Scientist 2 says: "Yes, Doctor Yust?"
Scientist 1 says: "Here is the secret code for the CSD."
Scientist 1 says: "That I am not supposed to give to anybody."
Doctor Yust says: "Yes, that code."
Doctor Shank says: "Okay, just making sure."
Cut to a hill Mojo stands on, watching the sun getting closer and closer. The sound of flames is evident and the screen starts to change colour to yellow. Mojo turns as a swirling red cloud appears alongside Him's merry laughter. Him appears onscreen with the Rowdyruff Boys beside him.
Him says: "Splendidly evil, isn't it?"
Mojo says: "Evil?"
Mojo says: "How about stupid?"
Mojo says: "Yes, thanks to your foolishness, we will be reduced to nothing!"
Mojo says: "Nothing, like the amount of intelligence inside your head!"
Mojo says: "Nothing, like the amount of respect I get after six seasons on this show!"
Him says: "Is not so!"
Mojo says: "Is so!"
Cut back to frame all five. The boys are no longer amused.
Him says: "Not so!"
Mojo says: "Is so!"
Him says: "Not so!"
Mojo says: "Is so!"
Him says: "Not so!"
Mojo says: "Is so!"
Him says: "Not so!"
Boys says: "Shut up!"
Mojo says: "Is so!"
Brick says: "We don't care which one of you is more eviler or more stupider or whateverer!"
Brick says: "There's only one evil thing we care about, and that's destroying the Powerpuff Girls!"
Boys says: "Yeah!"
Brick says: "Let's go!"
Mojo says: "Boy, that's the evilest thing I can imagine!"
Him says: "Oh, all you can do is raise them the best you know how and hope they turn out how."
Mojo says: "I'm so proud of them!"
Him says: "I'm so proud of them!"
Narrator says: "And so, with Mojo and Him finally happy together,  the day is doomed, thanks to the Rowdyruff Boys."