Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "Where the most dastardly, most vile, most crooked degenerates plot their most wicked schemes."
Narrator says: "Or not."
Bossman says: "All right, fellas."
Bossman says: "We’re going to commit a crime!"
Cut to just over his “shoulder”; he is looking at the fruit bins outside a store across the street. His attention is focused on the orange display, which the grocer is filling.
Bossman says: "All right, Junior."
Bossman says: "You go over there and lift one of those."
Back to the group.
Junior says: "Me?"
Junior says: "No way!"
Junior says: "Why doesn’t Slim go?"
Junior says: "He’s taller."
Slim says: "Me?"
Slim says: "No!"
Slim says: "Uh…why don’t you go?"
Slim says: "You’re the boss man."
Bossman says: "Huh?"
Bossman says: "I can’t go."
Bossman says: "I’m the getaway driver."
Slim says: "But you don’t have a car."
This fact puts Bossman at a brief loss for words. On the next line, pull back to behind the orange display.
Bossman says: "Uh…Junior."
Bossman says: "You go over."
Junior says: "No way!"
Slim says: "Why don’t you go, Boss?"
All three start arguing the point, during which a truck passes by; its wake causes an orange to tumble from the display. Cut to them; the fruit rolls to a stop in front of them, and they fall silent. Bossman looks over at Slim, who is now smiling at the turn of events, and reaches down with a pseudopod “hand” to seize the booty. He lifts it up, whistling innocently, and then has a good laugh as Slim and Junior beam back at him. They head off.
Bossman says: "Let’s get out of here!"
Junior says: "To the hideout!"
Slim says: "Yeah!"
Fade to black.
Snap to another section of town, this one rather dilapidated, judging from the graffiti and broken windows. A nightclub, the Roxie, is across the street from us. Police car sirens wail not too distantly o.c. as the view zooms in and dissolves to a slow pan across the club’s empty interior. Stop on the Boys, onstage under the glare of a single spotlight, during the next line. A small crate stands between them.
Bossman says: "Yeah, this is the life."
Bossman says: "The life of crime!"
He laughs; close-up of them and the orange, now on the crate, and he picks it up. On the next line, he places it in turn before the one whose name is mentioned.
Bossman says: "Okay, fellas."
Bossman says: "It’s time to divide up the loot."
Bossman says: "Okay, so."
Bossman says: "One for me…uh, ooh!"
Bossman says: "One for Slim, and, uh, one for Junior there."
Junior seems quite pleased with the arrangement, but it dawns on Bossman and Slim that this might not be in their best interests. Silence for some moments.
Junior says: "Wow!"
Junior says: "Thanks!"
Bossman says: "Uh, one for me, uh, one for Slim, one—"
Bossman says: "no, wait."
Bossman says: "Uh, one for—"
Bossman says: "one for me, uh, one for Slim—"
A dissolve to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten mercifully ends the whole sorry display.
Ms. Keane says: "One and one equals—"
Ms. Keane says: "?"
Ms. Keane says: "Anybody?"
On the end of this line, cut to her at the blackboard; she draws a line beneath the arithmetic problem “1 + 1 = ?” After this, cut to a pan across her students, all of whom are considerably bewildered by the question. Stop at the girls’ desk, where Bubbles is waving her hand enthusiastically. Buttercup looks annoyed, while Blossom is smiling.
Bubbles says: "Me, me, me, me, me!"
Ms. Keane says: "Bubbles?"
Bubbles says: "One and one is two, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane."
Ms. Keane says: "That’s right!"
Ms. Keane says: "One and one equals two."
Back to the girls’ desk; Buttercup scowls even more fiercely at a proud Bubbles.
Ms. Keane says: "Thank you, Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "You’re welcome, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane."
Buttercup says: "Oh, please."
Buttercup says: "This is so boring!"
Bubbles says: "Well, I like math."
Bubbles says: "The number two looks like a swan."
She has drawn it on the surface of a body of water, complete with swimming fish, a bird overhead, and a bright sun. Pull back; she waves it around a bit, while Blossom stifles a laugh and Buttercup looks even more fed up.
Buttercup says: "We shouldn’t be stuck here doing stupid math!"
Buttercup says: "We should be out fighting crime!"
Buttercup says: "We should be kicking—"
Blossom says: "Fighting crime is important, Buttercup, but learning about numbers is important too."
Blossom says: "Like, for example, knowing how to count."
Buttercup says: "Oh, come on, Blossom, everybody knows how to count!"
Buttercup says: "What idiot doesn’t know how to count?"
Cut to the three such idiots who swiped the orange. They are still on the Roxie’s stage, and Bossman still has not figured out the situation.
Slim says: "Here."
Slim says: "Let me have a try."
Slim says: "It can’t be that difficult."
Bossman says: "Hah!"
Bossman says: "So you’re calling me an idiot, are you?"
Bossman says: "Well, that’s rich coming from you."
Bossman says: "I know what you’re up to."
Bossman says: "You want the whole thing for yourself!"
Pull back; he yells and leaps across the crate. Close-up of Junior.
Bossman says: "Gimme that!"
The sounds of his o.c. a scuffle with Slim is accompanied by pieces of orange peel flying into view from their direction, followed by the fruit itself. Junior looks after it as it bounces across the stage. When it stops, we see that it has been entirely peeled and all the sections are still held together and intact. Junior moves in for a closer look.
Junior says: "Hey, fellas!"
Junior says: "Check this out!"
Cut to Bossman and Slim; these words stop them short. They join Junior to watch the orange.
Junior says: "Look!"
Close-up of it, zooming in. After a long, tense moment, it splits into sections. Back to the Boys.
Boys says: "Wow!"
Bossman says: "Wow!"
Bossman says: "It divided!"
Bossman says: "And so it…multiplied!"
Bossman says: "Multi—"
Slim says: "—"
Junior says: "—"
Slim says: "plied!"
Junior says: "plied!"
Slim says: "Multiplied!"
Junior says: "Multiplied!"
Quick pan to Bossman, whose face shows that he is straining mightily at something. After a moment, a mass of cytoplasm emerges from his side and forms itself into an exact copy of him—without the gray fedora.
Bossman says: "Multiplied!"
Bossman 2 says: "Multiplied!"
Back to Slim and Junior. Slim strains and produces a copy of himself, which has no brown fedora.
Slim says: "Multiplied!"
Slim 2 says: "Multiplied!"
Now it is Junior’s turn; with relatively little effort, he squeezes out two copies, neither of which wears a black cap as he does.
Junior says: "Multiplied!"
Juniors 2 says: "Multiplied!"
3 says: "Multiplied!"
[Animation goof says: "Their mouths do not move on this line."
Now we see the entire group, and the chant is raised again as more copies come to be. Dissolve to the exterior of the Roxie, the chant still heard from inside; pull back slowly.
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Ms. Keane says: "And that’s how you multiply."
(Inside says: "“1 x 1 = 1,” “2 x 2 = 4,” “3 x 3 = 9."
she has replaced the previous addition problem with these three equations says: "“1 x 1 = 1,” “2 x 2 = 4,” “3 x 3 = 9."
Ms. Keane says: "Now—"
Ms. Keane says: "how to divide."
Buttercup says: "Hmph!"
Pull back; Bubbles has drawn a large 8 on a fresh sheet of paper and cut out the interior of the loops. She holds the paper sideways in front of her face like makeshift goggles.
Bubbles says: "Lookit!"
Bubbles says: "The number eight can also be…a pair of glasses!"
Bubbles says: "I can see eight times better now!"
Blossom says: "“How…to…di-vide."
Snap to black.
Fade into the interior of the Roxie, behind the original Boys, and turn up to point over their “heads.” The place is now filled to capacity with copies, all of whom are talking excitedly—and none of whom wear hats. Dissolve to the stage front; Bossman steps forth to address the crowd.
Bossman says: "New criminals of Townsville, unite!"
Bossman says: "Brothers, march  forward to destiny, as we unleash our criminal genius on Townsville."
Bossman says: "Let’s steal another orange!"
Long, puzzled silence from the multitude. Even Slim and Junior seem a bit nonplussed at the petty scope of their leader’s plans.
Bossman says: "Uh… How about, uh… All the oranges?"
Another silence, after which the crowd starts cheering savagely and chanting “Oranges! Oranges!” The Boys trade a smug, satisfied look as the view dissolves to the exterior of the Roxie and pulls back; the chanting is again heard from inside.
Dissolve to a close-up of a large 3 on a piece of paper held aloft. This is once again the Pokey Oaks Kindergarten classroom.
Bubbles says: "“Caw."
Bubbles says: "Caw."
She turns the paper on its side so that the points of the 3 point toward the floor—it now looks like a simplified drawing of a bird in flight. Pull back; she has this new creation in one hand and her 2/swan drawing in the other.
Bubbles says: "“What?"
Bubbles says: "“ “Oh, yes."
Bubbles says: "That’s right, Mr."
Bubbles says: "Swanny."
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Number Three, who’s really a little birdie, has come to visit."
Buttercup says: "Oh, in the whole city of Townsville, there has to be a crime being committed right now by someone."
She gets her wish in the form of the hotline buzzing, and floats up out of her seat.
Buttercup says: "Now that’s what I’m talking about!"
Buttercup says: "Hello."
Cut to the Mayor’s office. He is at his desk, with the back of his chair facing us; only his nose is visible around the side. There is a faint yellow-green tint to it.
Mayor says: "Yes."
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls?"
Mayor says: "Oh, we’ve got trouble."
Mayor says: "Oh."
Mayor says: "Oh, yes."
Buttercup says: "What’s the problem, Mayor?"
Mayor says: "Oh, dear."
Mayor says: "The Amoeba Boys have stolen all of the oranges in Townsville, and—"
Mayor says: "Oh, my."
Mayor says: "Now the whole city—"
Mayor says: "Oh, dear!"
Mayor says: "No!"
Mayor says: "Now we all have scurvy."
[Note says: "Scurvy is a disease caused by a lack of vitamin C in one’s diet."
On this last word, he swivels to face the camera. His entire complexion is of that same hue, and there are darker sores and pustules all over him. Cut to a screaming woman in a city street; she is similarly affected, as are all the other residents, as seen while the camera moves through the streets. They scratch themselves nonstop in an effort to relieve the itching brought about by their condition. One fellow tries to scratch and drive at the same time.
Bubbles says: "If we don’t do something quick, then everyone in Townsville will get yellowish flaky skin, spongy purple gums, and painful swollen joints!"
The car rolls o.c. and crashes; cut to the girls as they fly onto the scene.
Bubbles says: "We’ve got to find the Amoeba Boys and stop them."
Blossom says: "To find the Amoeba Boys, we’ve got to find the oranges."
Bubbles says: "But, Blossom, they’ve already taken all the oranges."
Buttercup says: "Not exactly."
These two words catch her sisters off guard. Cut to a long shot of Buttercup, the camera positioned behind the top edge of a billboard whose contour suggests a piece of fruit in its design. She floats at a distance behind this; zoom in on her. Her eyes are closed, her eyebrows lowered, and her mouth is curved into a small smile. She has her hands behind her back. Blossom and Bubbles join her in midair.
Blossom says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
(Pull back to a considerable distance behind them. What they are looking at is a huge rooftop billboard sporting a picture of a woman with fruit piled on her head says: "“Club Tropican—"
after the fashion of Carmen Miranda. The message says: "“Club Tropican—"
(Pull back to a considerable distance behind them. What they are looking at is a huge rooftop billboard sporting a picture of a woman with fruit piled on her head says: "Opens Tonite."
after the fashion of Carmen Miranda. The message says: "Opens Tonite."
(Pull back to a considerable distance behind them. What they are looking at is a huge rooftop billboard sporting a picture of a woman with fruit piled on her head says: "” Zoom in on the oranges that sit atop the woman’s headdress."
after the fashion of Carmen Miranda. The message says: "” Zoom in on the oranges that sit atop the woman’s headdress."
(Pull back to a considerable distance behind them. What they are looking at is a huge rooftop billboard sporting a picture of a woman with fruit piled on her head says: ")"
after the fashion of Carmen Miranda. The message says: ")"
(Back to the girls; their attention is drawn by a scream from ground level. Cut to the source says: "the woman from the sign, running down the street without her fruit accessories."
(Back to the girls; their attention is drawn by a scream from ground level. Cut to the source says: "She is in no condition to perform, having also contracted scurvy."
(Back to the girls; their attention is drawn by a scream from ground level. Cut to the source says: "Pan away from her to the laughing Boys."
(Back to the girls; their attention is drawn by a scream from ground level. Cut to the source says: ")"
Bossman says: "Well, that’s it, Boys."
Bossman says: "The last of the oranges."
Buttercup says: "Well, you may have all the oranges in Townsville, Boys."
Blossom says: "But how do you like these apples?"
Bossman says: "Hey, it’s the Powerpuff Girls."
Ground level. Now all the additional troops have mustered behind their leaders.
Blossom says: "All right, girls."
Blossom says: "It’s time to teach these protozoans a lesson."
Buttercup says: "That’s right, sister."
Buttercup says: "We’re gonna teach them a lesson—"
Blossom says: "In math!"
Bubbles says: "In math!"
Now it is Buttercup’s turn to be caught flat-footed; they are on the way down long before she can bend her brain around what they have said.
Buttercup says: "Math?"
Bubbles says: "First, a little lesson in division."
Bossman 3 says: "Oh boy!"
Bossman 3 says: "Oh boy!"
Bossman 3 says: "Oh boy!"
Bossman 3 says: "Oh boy!"
She decks him; the camera follows him as he sails down the street.
Bossman says: "Oh, she’s gonna hit me."
The copy smashes into him, and the screen flashes white; when the view clears, the former is gone, having been reabsorbed into the original Bossman.
Bubbles says: "…one!"
Bossman says: "Wa-hoo!"
Blossom says: "And now some multiplication."
A Slim copy looks up eagerly toward her; she knocks him o.c.
She zips after him, pulls ahead, and stops next to Slim.
Slim laughs during his short, graceless flight toward his offspring; pull back to a long shot of the block as they sail toward each other.
Another flash upon impact; when it clears, only the original Slim is left in midair.
Blossom says: "…one!"
Slim says: "Yippee!"
Cut to Blossom and Bubbles in midair; both giggle at their mastery of basic arithmetic, and Buttercup flies up to them.
Buttercup says: "Hey, check this out."
Buttercup says: "Addition!"
Ground level; she plows into a Bossman copy.
Junior 4 says: "Yay!"
Another flash upon impact; when it clears; the copy is gone and Buttercup stands atop Junior.
Buttercup says: "…equals one!"
Buttercup says: "Wait."
Cut to her sisters, still in midair.
Blossom says: "Now, here’s where it gets tricky."
They fly in opposite directions. Cut to Slim and two of his copies.
She hauls them back in the direction she came from. Cut to three other Slim copies.
She carries them back toward her starting point. Back to Blossom.
Blossom says: "One!"
Bubbles says: "One!"
Slim says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Slim says: "Oh, yeah."
Cut to Buttercup in midair. She is still puzzling this out.
Buttercup says: "Three divided by… Huh?"
Pull back. She is in midair, with a huge ball of copies hoisted over her head.
Pull back on this last; she also floats and has a great many copies in hand. She charges upward toward Bubbles; pull back to a long shot framing them both as they take a collision course.
The impact fills the screen and subsidies to leave only Slim in the two girls’ hands.
Blossom says: "…one!"
Bubbles says: "…one!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, yeah?"
She charges; cut to a group of seven Bossman copies. She sweeps past, stacking them into a single tall column. On the next line, turn up to her at its top.
She zips away and returns with two more copies and Junior, stacking them on; he is topmost.
She stomps on Junior with all her weight, and the entire column collapses in a splatter of goo and carries her down with it. The camera follows her to ground level, where—after another flash—only Junior is left, being waved around by Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "…one!"
As he sighs woozily, her sisters float into view and shake their heads, taking the wind out of her sails once again.
[Note says: "In terms of single-digit results, Buttercup gets this one right."
[Note says: "When designing an electronic circuit to handle arithmetic calculations, chips that add and multiply are programmed to take in two one-digit numbers and return one."
[Note says: "The process of carrying values over is often handled by a separate circuit."
Blossom says: "So what does that leave us?"
Bubbles says: "Now let’s see."
Cut to Slim, standing before a brick wall and smiling. On the next line, pan from him to Junior and then Bossman; each of the Boys makes a sound of pleasure as the camera passes.
Bubbles says: "Nothing more, nothing less."
They rush the Boys. Bubbles pounds Slim, Buttercup nails Junior, and Blossom disposes of Bossman; each cries “Yes!” when hit. The view flashes white and resolves to a jail cell containing the Boys; they are the worse for wear now, and the door slams shut before them.
Bossman says: "Well, fellas, we can call ourselves real criminals now."
Dissolve to the exterior of their incarceration site—merely the police station—and continue pulling back.
Cut to the wall from the opening scene, now plastered with WANTED posters showing the Boys.
Bossman says: "and we got our own WANTED poster."
Boys says: "Yeah!"
Close-up of one poster; a hand reaches into view and slaps one of Mojo Jojo over it. Pull back to show it as belonging to a house painter who has already covered all the other posters on the wall with Mojo’s. He runs his roller over the one he has just put up to secure it in place.
The background for the end shot comes up.
The symbols for multiplication, division, and addition appear L to R in the girls’ normal places.
Narrator says: "…the power of math!"
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"