Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "An ideal city, where everyone is satisfied with their lot in life, where the citizens are happy to help each other out,  like these citizens."
Inside, the Professor is washing dishes. The girls poke their heads around the kitchen doorway.
Blossom says: "Hi, Professor."
Blossom says: "Going to school."
Professor says: "Oh, girls, before you go, could you do me a favor?"
Girls says: "Certainly."
Outside, the door opens and they fly to a trash can on the sidewalk; Bubbles is carrying the bag. Blossom picks up the can, Buttercup removes the lid, and Bubbles drops the bag in. The lid is replaced, and the girls take off. Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Narrator says: "A city where everyone gets their fair turn."
On the playground, kids are doing normal recess things and enjoying themselves. One boy catches a dodgeball and throws it straight up. Buttercup catches it as the girls fly overhead, and she kicks it down to another boy.
Joey says: "Your turn, Jenny."
Joey says: "Think fast."
A nearby girl playing hopscotch is hit in the back of the head—this is Jenny.
Joey says: "Oops."
Jenny says: "Very funny, Joey."
Jenny says: "You’re gonna get it!"
She chases Joey, across the playground. They both laugh as the girls watch approvingly. The buzzing of the hotline draws their attention; cut to it in the classroom.
Narrator says: "A city where they always have someone they can count on."
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "The bank, huh?"
Blossom says: "Don’t worry, we’re on our way."
Blossom says: "Aw, shucks, Mayor, we’re happy to do it for you."
Cut to outside the school as they fly away, then dissolve to the exterior of the Bank of the Imperial Garden'.' The sidewall has a large hole smashed in it, and the alarm is going off.
Narrator says: "I wonder what kind of hulking ugly thug of a man is robbing the bank this time."
On the end of this, zoom in toward the hole. Inside the bank, the customers and the guard have their hands up and incredulous looks on their faces.
Customer says: "Whoa, man."
Pan quickly to the front counter, where we see a pair of legs clad in white pants and heels standing in front of the tellers, who also have their hands up. They look up with surprise as the owner of said legs speaks—it is a woman, her voice dripping with contempt.
Femme Fatale says: "That’s right, you sad excuse of a man."
As she continues, the camera turns up to show the rest of her. She wears a white jumpsuit with the biological symbol for the female sex—a circle with a cross pointing down—emblazoned on it in blue. The circle forms the collar; the cross reaches down the front. She carries a firearm of similar design, with the free end of the cross as the muzzle and a pistol grip added near the point where it joins the circle. She wears a headgear in the same motif; the circle sits atop her head, with the horizontal bar of the cross extended to form a mask over her eyes and the vertical bar shortened to stop over her nose. She has long, straight blond hair.
Femme Fatale says: "You’ve been rendered completely helpless by a woman."
Femme Fatale says: "Femme Fatale."
Femme Fatale says: "I’m the queen of corruption,  I’m gonna rob this burg blind, and there’s nothing you macho meatheads can do about it!"
She drops him and rounds on a teller.
Femme Fatale says: "You be a good little boy  and put the money in the bag."
He opens a drawer and starts loading bundles of bills into the sack, but soon finds the gun’s muzzle pointed at his head. Pan left on the next line to show the robber, now very angry.
Femme Fatale says: "What exactly do you think you’re doing?!"
Femme Fatale says: "!"
Teller says: "I-I-I’m p-putting the money in the bag."
Femme Fatale says: "Who is this?"
Femme Fatale says: "WHO IS THIS?!"
Femme Fatale says: "!"
She is holding a $100 bill—the newer design, with a large portrait of Benjamin Franklin. She pulls this away and leans into the teller’s face.
Femme Fatale says: "IT’S BEN FRANKLIN, YOU IDIOT!"
Femme Fatale says: "A MAN!"
Femme Fatale says: "I want Susan B."
Femme Fatale says: "Anthony coins."
Femme Fatale says: "NOW!!"
On this last, she leans forward again with such ferocity that the teller ducks under the counter. The jingling of coins is heard, and a moment later a large, bulging sack is set in front of her. She smiles at this and takes hold of it.
Femme Fatale says: "That’s better."
Femme Fatale says: "There’s not a man alive who can stop me."
The girls burst in through the front door.
Femme Fatale says: "Uh-oh."
She ducks out, but they are right behind her. In the alley behind the bank, they look around for a moment and are almost hit by three shuriken-like projectiles. These embed themselves in the wall, and we see that they are patterned after the female symbol. The girls look back and forth and then split up to canvass the back alleys. Femme Fatale watches them from a rooftop and turns to go, sure that she has eluded them—but she finds herself staring straight at them. The fight goes out of her in an instant.
Femme Fatale says: "I can’t believe it."
Femme Fatale says: "No man has ever defeated me and here you little girls have overtaken me easily."
Femme Fatale says: "You’re amazing!"
Buttercup says: "That’s right, lady!"
Blossom says: "And now you’re coming with us!"
Bubbles says: "To jail!"
Femme Fatale says: "Too bad your city belittles your talents so."
Girls says: "Belittles?"
The robber pulls a different gun, this one smaller and of more conventional design, and fires. The girls scramble as a grappling hook with a rope attached sails between them. The hook, of the female-symbol design, snags a protruding pipe, and she drops over the edge to rappel down the side of the buildings. Now the girls rush after her and follow the rope; they pass Femme Fatale, who is now standing on the fire escape. They charge toward ground level, but the rope stops well short of that height, and Bubbles doubles back to check out the free end. Her sisters back up as well, and all three look overhead to see the woman jumping from rooftop to rooftop. Blossom squeezes off a shot with her eye lasers, blasting away the landing spot to leave Femme Fatale in free fall. Buttercup darts in and catches her before she can hit the ground; we see her carrying the woman by one foot. Turn down to her as Blossom and Bubbles catch up.
Blossom says: "What did you mean,“belittle“?"
Femme Fatale says: "Surely you’ve noticed."
Femme Fatale says: "Female superheroes aren’t nearly as revered as male superheroes."
Bubbles says: "Sure they are."
Bubbles says: "There’s Supergirl, Batgirl—"
Femme Fatale says: "Sheesh!"
Femme Fatale says: "They’re so lame!"
Femme Fatale says: "Merely extensions of their male counterparts."
Femme Fatale says: "Who besides you is a heroine in her own right?"
Blossom says: "Ha!"
Buttercup says: "SHE'S RIGHT!"
Buttercup says: "There is no one else!"
The robber goes into free fall again. Blossom and Bubbles stare after her, then glare up at Buttercup over their heads. She laughs sheepishly. Cut to a construction worker tearing up the street with a jackhammer as a scream of terror stars to grow. He shuts off his rig just before she drops neatly into his arms, and he smiles at her.
Construction worker says: "Hey, baby, are you a fallen angel?"
She boils over at his advance and smacks him in the face with her bag of coins. She is off and running even before he hits the ground, a big red handprint across his cheek. Cut to the girls in flight, looking for her.
Buttercup says: "Where is she?"
Blossom says: "It’s your fault we lost her, Butterfingers."
Buttercup says: "Ugh!"
Buttercup says: "Will you give it a rest, already?"
Buttercup says: "We can’t all be Little Miss Perfect!"
Bubbles says: "There she is!"
They dive into an alley to give chase, but she ducks expertly out of their way and they pass over her head. Now she turns around and heads o.c.
Femme Fatale says: "Can’t you girls see?"
Femme Fatale says: "The man can’t admit we’re better than him, so he keeps us down!"
On the end of this, we see a quick flash of her ducking into another alley. She stops to catch her breath but has only an instant before she finds the girls right in front of her again. They haul off for a finishing blow, and the screen snaps to black after they deliver it.
Fade into a close-up of her being hauled through the city streets in midair. She is tied up. It is now sunset.
Femme Fatale says: "You’re on the wrong side."
Femme Fatale says: "You girls protect your city just as well as Batman and Superman protect theirs."
During this last, the camera turns up to the girls and puts her out of view. Blossom is holding the other end of the rope.
She looks wistfully up at them and sighs.
Femme Fatale says: "I’m in the same boat as you."
Femme Fatale says: "Villainy, too, is a male-dominated field."
Femme Fatale says: "Except for that little brat and the chick in the underwear, but they’re in jail, so they don’t count."
They approach the jail, with the sun setting behind it.
Femme Fatale says: "Come on, girls, think about what you’re doing."
Femme Fatale says: "Including you."
A long, tense silence, after which we see a close-up of the rope as it falls free to the ground. The girls take off, and Femme Fatale watches them go and chuckles to herself. Fade to black as her laughter echoes through the city.
Snap to an old man at the checkout counter of a grocery store. He offers a piece of paper currency to pay for his items; pan to the cashier, who rings up the purchase, puts the bill in the drawer and removes a coin for change. When he looks up, though, his face registers sudden surprise. Pan back to show that the old man has been seized by Femme Fatale, her gun drawn.
Cut to two men in black-and-white referee jerseys, with their hands in the air. A cash register stands in front of them; behind them are shelves piled with shoeboxes—this is a store similar to Foot Locker. Pull back to show the robber of the hour holding them at gunpoint. One of the men pulls a fistful of bills out of the register and holds them to her, but she slaps them away and they flutter in the air, dissolving into SBA coins that fall around her in a shower.
She runs out of the doors of three shops in quick succession, with a bag over her shoulder each time. A cash register drawer is popped open to reveal stacks of silver dollars as she trains her weapon at the o.c. cashier; next we see her running against a background of the stacked coins, another sack of loot in hand, and her gun pointed behind her. Cut to a close-up of the Townsville Tribune, whose front-page headline reads “WHERE ARE THE POWERPUFF GIRLS?” Pull back as the paper is lowered—Femme Fatale is reading it and chuckling again. The camera pulls back across the room, which is done entirely in white, with a picture of two white cats behind her. A lamp sits next to this; it matches her favorite design. In front of her is a low table with a bowl of fruit on it, and huge piles of SBA coins are across the room from her. Pull back through her window into the night as she laughs more heartily. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten the next day and pan across the playground. The kids are enjoying recess again—with three exceptions. The girls stand at the fence, their arms crossed and Buttercup’s usual scowl now on all their faces. Close-up of Bubbles, then of a boy playing in the sandbox; zoom in on him in steps. Cut to Blossom, then to two boys playing with toy cars; zoom in on them in steps as well. Cut to Buttercup, then to Jenny and Joey playing catch.
Joey says: "Think fast."
He throws the ball to Jenny, causing her to get knocked into the ground. She laughs, but the girls are not amused one bit.
Buttercup says: "Hey, you!"
The girls float down to confront Joey during the next line. Now their voices become accusatory.
Blossom says: "We saw what you did, Joey Finkelmeyer."
Joey says: "W-W-What’d I do?"
Buttercup says: "SHUT UP!"
Blossom says: "Don’t play dumb with us."
Bubbles says: "We know you know what you did."
The girls float into view, their backs to their camera, on the end of this line, and the camera cuts to a close-up of Joey in their shadow. He is now sweating and very nervous and scared. Finally, he screams and runs for dear life. The other kids stand frozen for a moment, and the girls round on them with angry grimaces on their faces. The boys scream and head for the hills; the other girls cheer as the camera pans across from them, to the new trio of militant feminists, and stops on Ms. Keane. Joey is clutching her ankles and shaking with fear. Cut to her face as she looks over her shoulder toward the scene.
Ms. Keane says: "Hmmm."
Long shot of the front door of the school; the bell rings, and all the normal girls in the class charge out, cheering and yelling. The boys trudge out after them; they are crying and whimpering. The girls are last to leave; cut to the exterior of the house, then to inside the front entrance as they fly in. They pass the Professor in the living room. He is running the vacuum cleaner.
Professor says: "Oh, girls, I’m glad you’re home."
Professor says: "I’ve finally caught up on all the housework, and all that’s left is your room."
Professor says: "If you could take care of that, please."
They poke their heads around the doorframe, instantly shutting him up with their shared expression of anger and disgust.
Cut to the bedroom. Bubbles is stretched out on the floor, drawing, while Buttercup is lying on the bed and reading a book. Both wear fierce looks. Behind them, Blossom fishes around in the toy chest. She comes up with a doll patterned after Ken, Barbie’s boyfriend, and regards it with contempt; close-up of this in her hands as she zaps its head with her eye lasers. When she finishes, there is nothing left but a melted stump.
Cut to the hotline as it goes off. Blossom answers the call.
Blossom says: "Yeah, what do you want?"
The Mayor is on the other end. Through the window of his office, Femme Fatale is seen rappelling down the side of a building with yet another bag of booty in hand.
Mayor says: "Blossom, there’s this crazy tomato stealing all the Susan B."
Mayor says: "Anthony coins from the mint!"
Blossom says: "Oh, really."
Mayor says: "Uh, yeah."
Blossom says: "And just what do you want us to do for you?"
Mayor says: "Oh."
Mayor says: "Uh… Stop her, or something."
Blossom says: "Ha!"
Blossom says: "Let me tell you something, Mayor."
Blossom says: "Why don’t you get some big strong man to save your precious city!"
Blossom says: "Or better yet, why don’t you stop making women do your dirty work and DO IT YOURSELF!"
The receiver shakes with the force of her final words, after which we hear a click and dial tone. The Mayor looks at it with befuddlement, then goes face down on the desk and starts crying.
Mayor says: "Boo, hoo, hoo!"
Mayor says: "She’s right!"
Mayor says: "I’m a horrible little man!"
Mayor says: "A fraud!"
Mayor says: "A fake!"
Mayor says: "A fool!"
Mayor says: "How will I ever make it up to the women of Townsville?"
Mayor says: "Oh, and candy, that’ll do the trick, the fillies love the chocolate."
Dissolve to the hotline in the bedroom. It starts to buzz.
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum!"
The other girls fly up next to her.
Blossom says: "Why, of course, anything for you."
Cut to the office, the camera pointing at the closed door. The lights are dimmer than usual. The door opens slowly to show three rather puzzled girls on the other side of it. They float in, looking nervously around themselves, and are brought up short by Ms. Bellum’s voice.
Ms. Bellum says: "Have a seat, girls."
They look down, and the camera follows their gaze to show three small stools on the floor in front of them. They float down and sit on these, still looking around with visible unease. After a moment, a blinding spotlight is switched on to shine directly into the girls’ faces. They gasp and shield their eyes from the glare; their shadows stretch behind them almost to the far wall. Blossom is the first to look up.
Blossom says: "Wh-What’s going on?"
Ms. Bellum’s silhouette advances out of the light toward them, her features becoming visible as she approaches.
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Hi, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "We called you here for a little girl-talk."
Girls says: "We?"
Another silhouette emerges from the light. Ms. Bellum’s hair obscures it at first, but she steps aside to make room for the newcomer—it is Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane says: "Yes, girls."
Ms. Keane says: "We’ve been a little, um, well, concerned about you."
Ms. Keane says: "Is everything all right?"
Buttercup says: "Heck, no!"
Blossom says: "All the guys in Townsville have rotten attitudes about girls!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "And it’s even worse than their cooties!"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, my!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Do tell."
Bubbles says: "Well, first, there was this boy."
Ms. Bellum says: "Uh-huh."
Bubbles says: "At school."
Ms. Keane says: "Uh-huh."
Bubbles says: "He was playing with this girl."
Ms. Bellum says: "Mmm-hmm."
Bubbles says: "And he knocked her down!"
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, the women do not cast shadows in front of themselves."
Ms. Keane says: "On purpose?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
Blossom says: "Uh, no, they were kinda playing catch and stuff."
Blossom says: "Okay, maybe that wasn’t so bad."
Blossom says: "But the Professor!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "He wanted us to do chores!"
Ms. Keane says: "Well, that is unfair."
Ms. Bellum says: "Making you do all the chores and not doing any himself."
Bubbles says: "Uh… He was doing some of the chores."
Blossom says: "Actually, we only had to clean our own room."
Buttercup says: "The Mayor!"
Blossom says: "Yeah, the Mayor!"
Side view of them, panning to the adults, as she continues.
Blossom says: "why’s he always asking us to save it for him?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, you’re absolutely right, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "He should be using his own superpowers to save the city."
The girls have no response to this for a moment. Finally, they cross their arms and look elsewhere angrily.
Blossom says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Fine."
Blossom says: "But you gotta admit, things are unfair around here."
Cut to behind the girls and turn up from them to the adults as she continues. The camera movement puts them o.c.
Blossom says: "I mean, there’s only one female villain in the whole town!"
Ms. Bellum says: "And you didn’t stop her."
Blossom says: "That’s right!"
Buttercup says: "We girls gotta look out for each other!"
Woman in the suit says: "Oh, really?"
Pan quickly across the office to a group of three women as they step out of the shadows. One wears a pink suit with a name tag on the lapel; the next, a police officer, has one arm in a sling; and the last, a teenager, wears a T-shirt with Blossom’s picture on it and has long blond hair, similar to that of Femme Fatale. All three look quite fed up. Close-up of the woman in the suit, the camera pointing up at her from the floor. Her voice is the one that was just heard. Rotate to frame each speaker in turn.
Woman in the suit says: "Was Femme Fatale looking out for me when she stole from my bank?"
Policewoman says: "Was she looking out for me when she broke my arm?"
Blonde teenage girl says: "Was she looking out for me when she stole my hairstyle?"
Head-on view of all three; the others look at her sidelong for a silent moment.
Blonde girl says: "Well, she did!"
The curtains are opened, and the sunlight pours into the office across three very chastened girls. The spotlight has been turned off. Ms. Bellum steps into view behind them.
Ms. Keane says: "That’s why we have you, to protect the rights of everyone."
Head-on view of the office window; the sun rises behind the skyline.
Ms. Keane says: "And right now, everyone in Townsville needs you."
(Around the sun says: "“Coin Collectors Convention Today."
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: "“Coin Collectors Convention Today."
(Around the sun says: "” Pull back to show it next to the front entrance, which bursts open as Femme Fatale runs out."
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: "” Pull back to show it next to the front entrance, which bursts open as Femme Fatale runs out."
(Around the sun says: "She is laughing and carrying a jingling sack of coins but is brought up short before she ever gets to the other side of the street."
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: "She is laughing and carrying a jingling sack of coins but is brought up short before she ever gets to the other side of the street."
(Around the sun says: "The girls are waiting for her, their faces composed and very stern."
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: "The girls are waiting for her, their faces composed and very stern."
(Around the sun says: "Blossom is tossing a coin."
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: "Blossom is tossing a coin."
(Around the sun says: ")"
the scene dissolves to a patch of clear sky. Turn down from this to a convention center; an alarm is going off. Cut to a sign on the sidewalk says: ")"
Femme Fatale says: "Oh, hello, girls."
Femme Fatale says: "I didn’t expect to see you here."
Femme Fatale says: "Hear you’ve been kicking some male butt."
Femme Fatale says: "Good for you!"
No response. Blossom keeps flipping her coin.
Buttercup says: "Susan B."
Buttercup says: "Anthony coins, huh?"
Bubbles says: "Do you even know who she was?"
Buttercup says: "Once upon a time, women weren’t allowed to do much of anything."
Bubbles says: "Susan B."
Bubbles says: "Anthony knew that that was wrong."
Blossom says: "In 1872, she broke the law by voting,  and even though she was found guilty, the feds wanted to go easy on her."
Girls says: "Because she was a girl!"
Blossom says: "And not send her to jail."
Femme Fatale says: "Well, you know, she was this… Well, men!"
Femme Fatale says: "Girls should… Oh, man!"
She drops the sack and makes a break for it, but Buttercup cuts her off.
Buttercup says: "Susan B."
Buttercup says: "Anthony didn’t want special treatment."
Buttercup says: "She wanted to be treated equally."
Femme Fatale backs up a bit and bolts in a different direction; this time, Bubbles intercepts.
Bubbles says: "She demanded that she be sent to jail, just like any man who broke the law."
Again the robber backs away before trying to escape, but Blossom stops her after only a couple of steps. The coin is produced and held aloft; extreme close-up of her face.
Blossom says: "And that’s exactly what we’re gonna do to you."
Follow the coin—a silver dollar, naturally—as it is flung across the open space to bounce squarely off Femme Fatale’s forehead. The girls administer a swift and ruthless beating, which ends with Blossom hauling off to deliver the masterstroke. The screen flashes white; when it clears, we see a close-up of a very sullen robber, whose suit has been replaced by convict stripes. A cell door slams shut in front of her, and the camera pulls back as she speaks.
Femme Fatale says: "You can’t do this to me!"
Femme Fatale says: "Horizontal stripes make me look fat."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so, once again, the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Hey, did you ever notice there are no chick narrators?"
Narrator says: "Ow!"
Narrator says: "Hey!"
Narrator says: "Who threw that?"
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"