Theme Song .
(Opening scene says: "Cut to a picture of boys that says "Sensitive Thugz" and we see the girls jumping on their bed."
(Opening scene says: "Bubbles flies to a blonde boy named Chance)."
Bubbles says: "Ahh."
Bubbles says: "Sensitive Thugz is the best band of all time."
Bubbles says: "."
Buttercup says: "And my main man Dax is like the baddest boy the world's ever seen."
Buttercup says: "He takes guff for no one."
Buttercup says: "Except the people he lets in."
Buttercup says: "."
Blossom says: "And their manager..."
Blossom says: "."
Radio Announcer says: "That was "I Wanna Listen to Your Problems, Girl" by the Sensitive Thugs."
The girls squeal and laugh in happiness.
Radio Announcer says: "And now, the moment you've all been waiting for, it's your last chance to win tickets for their sold-out show tonight!"
Radio Announcer says: "Get those phones out because the tickets will go to the listener who can answer this question: If Chance, the lead singer of the Sensitive Thugs, could have any pet, what would it be?"
Blossom and Buttercup look at each other and shrug, but then Bubbles dials the radio station on her phone.
Radio Announcer says: "Hello, what's your name?"
Bubbles says: "This is Bubbles from Central Townsville."
Bubbles says: "Chance would have a wallaby, because they're sweet, but also tough."
Bubbles says: "Just like the Sensitive Thugs..."
Radio Announcer says: "Congratulations, Bubbles!"
Radio Announcer says: "Because you and one guest of your choice are seeing Sensitive Thugs tonight!"
Bubbles squeals in happiness and jumps high up on the bed.
Bubbles says: "I did it, I did it, I did it!"
Blossom and Buttercup join Bubbles jumping on the bed.
Blossom says: "You won, you won, you won!"
Buttercup says: "You won, you won, you won!"
All three girls jump up and down on the bed in excitement.
Bubbles says: "I can't believe I won!"
Blossom says: "Now you just have to decide who to take!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah cause you can..."
Buttercup says: "only take..."
Buttercup says: "one of us."
Bubbles says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Cause there's only..."
Bubbles says: "two tickets."
Blossom says: "So, uh..."
Blossom says: "Bubbles."
Buttercup says: "Who are you, uh, thinking of taking, huh?"
Bubbles says: "I guess..."
Bubbles says: "um..."
Bubbles says: "I'll take..."
Bubbles says: "Hello, this is Bubbles from Central Townsville."
Mayor says: "Mayday!"
Mayor says: "Mayday!"
Bubbles says: "Mayor?"
Bubbles says: "What's the matter?"
Mayor says: "I think there's something wrong with my plane."
Mayor says: "It doesn't seem to have..."
Mayor says: "A pilot."
Bubbles says: "Don't worry, Mayor."
Bubbles says: "We're on our way."
Bubbles says: "Let's go."
We see the superhero trio flying.
Blossom says: "The Mayor's distress signal was coming from somewhere near Monster Island."
Buttercup says: "That's a dangerous place."
Blossom says: "Look!"
Blossom says: "There it is!"
Buttercup says: "Look."
Buttercup says: "It's the Mayor's plane."
Blossom says: "But where's the Mayor?"
Bubbles says: "This place is creepy."
Something rustles a bush and the girls gasp.
Blossom says: "What's that?"
A little dinosaur comes out.
Bubbles says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Bubbles says: "He's so cute!"
Blossom says: "Be careful."
Blossom says: "He might be dangerous."
Bubbles says: "His name is Frederick."
Bubbles says: "And he's not dangerous."
The little dinosaur roars and another dinosaur comes and roars so loud.
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "Fight, fight, fight, fight!"
Blossom says: "Come on."
Blossom says: "We have to find the Mayor."
Buttercup says: "Ah, man."
Buttercup says: "The fight was just getting started."
Buttercup says: "That spiky monster was gonna do something big."
Buttercup says: "See?"
Bubbles and the little monster are running and stops as the creature barks.
Bubbles says: "Good thing you found the Mayor's tracks, Frederick."
Blossom says: "Hey, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Did you know that Chance's middle name is also Frederick?"
Bubbles says: "Oh, no, I did not."
Blossom says: "Well, there's more Sensitive Thugz knowledge where that came from that I'd be happy to share with you later tonight."
Buttercup says: "She'll yammer about that dorky nonsense forever."
Blossom says: "Hey."
Blossom says: "At least I'm a fan."
Buttercup says: "A fan of your own voice."
Blossom says: "Oh, is that right?"
Blossom says: "Well, let me tell you something."
Bubbles says: "GIRLS!"
Bubbles says: "WE're never gonna find the Mayor if you keep fighting like that."
Bubbles says: "Now be nice to each other."
Blossom says: "Fine."
Buttercup says: "Fine."
Bubbles says: "OK."
Bubbles says: "Now hug."
They hug.
Bubbles says: "Say "I love you."
Blossom says: "I love you."
Buttercup says: "I love you."
Bubbles says: "Now say "I'm a buttzilla."
Buttercup says: "I'm a buttzilla."
Blossom says: "You're a buttzilla."
Bubbles, the little monster, and Blossom laugh on the ground.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Buttercup says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "Wait!"
Buttercup says: "Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Say you're a buttzilla!"
The ground rumbles and the girls fall and they come out of the rubble.
Blossom says: "That was..."
Blossom says: "um..."
Blossom says: "unexpected."
The little monster smells something.
Bubbles says: "I think he smelled something."
Blossom says: "Um, where are we?"
Blossom says: "I think we're inside a..."
Blossom says: "Volcano."
Buttercup says: "Volcano."
Buttercup says: "Jinx!"
Buttercup says: "You can't talk 'till someone says your full name, dude!"
Buttercup says: "That's for calling me a buttzilla."
Bubbles says: "Aww."
Bubbles says: "Are you two getting along now?"
Buttercup says: "Sure are."
Buttercup says: "Isn't that right, Bloss?"
Bubbles says: "That is just so very great!"
Bubbles says: "(The little dinosaur"
A lady made out of lava appears.
Bubbles says: "She seems nice."
The lava woman spews her fire and the girls hide behind a rock.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles, we really got to work on your definition of "nice."
Blossom starts up her ice breath and Buttercup goes to her.
Bubbles says: "Buttercup, that was awesome!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, well."
Blossom sees the volcano rumble and about to explode and mimes it.
Bubbles says: "What's wrong?"
Bubbles says: "Are you OK?"
Blossom shakes her head and mimes it again.
Bubbles says: "Ohh."
Blossom makes a shocked face.
Buttercup says: "Yes!"
Bubbles says: "Sorry, Blossom."
Blossom stares dreamily.
Man says: "JINX BROKEN!"
Blossom stares dreamily and finally gets to talk.
Blossom says: "Buttercup jinxed me as payback because she called herself a buttzilla alone!"
Blossom says: "She doesn't deserve the ticket!"
The volcano fully rumbles.
Buttercup says: "Whatever, dude."
Buttercup says: "You're just jealous."
Buttercup says: "I totally deserve that ticket."
The volcano rumbles again.
Blossom says: "You do not!"
Blossom says: "Oh, and the volcano is about to erupt."
The volcano erupts the girls out since they can fly.
Bubbles says: "So you guys never stopped fighting?"
Buttercup says: "She never stopped first."
Blossom says: "That doesn't even make sense!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup, I'm not taking you anymore."
Buttercup says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Yes!"
Bubbles says: "I guess the only person that I can count on is Frede..."
Blossom says: "Come on, Bubbs!"
Buttercup says: "Pick!"
Buttercup says: "Us!"
Bubbles says: "Eeeeee-nough!"
Buttercup says: "All right."
Buttercup says: "There's only one way to settle this."
Buttercup says: "Rap battle."
Buttercup says: "Bubbs is the judge."
Bubbles says: "Wait, what?"
Blossom says: "Well, my name is Blossom, and I'm here to say..."
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "No rapping!"
Bubbles says: "You two have gotten so greedy that you forgot why we're here!"
While Bubbles was talking, a vine tree monster appears.
Bubbles says: "We need to find the May..."
The monster ties all three of them up in its vines.
Bubbles says: "Frederick!"
Bubbles says: "Help!"
Buttercup says: "Wow, super helpful."
Buttercup says: "Glad to have you part of the team, pal."
All the monsters appear.
Buttercup says: "Aw, man!"
Buttercup says: "Being devoured by monsters is really low on my list of ways to die."
All the monsters approach them.
Blossom says: "Bubbles."
Blossom says: "We..."
Blossom says: "I was being selfish, and I completely lost focus."
Buttercup says: "And we've been really lame with the fighting and the jinxing and..."
Buttercup says: "and..."
Blossom says: "We're sorry we got you into this mess."
On the edge of a rock the Mayor does a Tarzan yell and shoots an.
Mayor says: "Hey, girls!"
Blossom says: "H..."
Blossom says: "How did you even..."
Buttercup says: "When did you..."
Bubbles says: "How did you not get eaten by those monsters?"
Mayor says: "Oh, these monsters are darling!"
Mayor says: "They go nuts for my pickles!"
Blossom says: "So all you had to do to keep these monsters tame is feed them pickles?"
Mayor says: "Yep!"
Mayor says: "Ooh, and that was the last one."
The monsters come back.
Buttercup says: "OK."
Buttercup says: "Time to go."
The three girls pick up the Mayor and fly up.
Buttercup says: "Sorry for being such buttzillas."
Bubbles says: "It's all right, girls."
Bubbles says: "But I do know who I'm gonna take to the concert."
Buttercup's Thoughts says: "Please be me, please be me."
Blossom's Thoughts says: "Please be me, please be me."
Mayor says: "Is it me?"
Mayor says: "It is me, right?"
Mayor says: "Tell me it's me."
We are at the concert and the Sensitive Thugz appears on stage.
Chance says: "Hey."
Chance says: "This song goes out to our number one fan, Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Chance says: "It's called "I'm A Crazy Dangerous Monster" when it comes to holding your hand, girl."
Bubbles and her little monster pet cheer as her sisters are at home.