The picture shrinks, becoming a graphic next to Whitfield at the news anchor desk.
Whitfield says: "…was once again on the brink of destruction today."
Whitfield says: "Up next: Buying soap can—"
The screen goes dark, and in it, we can see the reflection of an old man with a large, bald head. A scar runs down one cheek, and he wears a monocle and a very sour expression. He has been watching the news on TV.
Old man 1 says: "Stupid kids."
Across a darkened room, he is framed by the light in his bathroom. He is brushing his teeth. Close-up of a glass of water with a prescription bottle next to it.
Old man 1 says: "No-good whippersnappers."
(A set of false teeth is dropped into the glass says: "one huge and muscular, one with a cape and monocle, one short with dark glasses."
the room darkens. He sits on his bed says: "one huge and muscular, one with a cape and monocle, one short with dark glasses."
looking out the window says: "one huge and muscular, one with a cape and monocle, one short with dark glasses."
with his back to the camera. It is nighttime. Now he reaches out a shaking hand says: "one huge and muscular, one with a cape and monocle, one short with dark glasses."
picks up a picture from his nightstand. It shows three men says: "one huge and muscular, one with a cape and monocle, one short with dark glasses."
(A set of false teeth is dropped into the glass says: "All three wear black outfits with white skulls on the chest."
the room darkens. He sits on his bed says: "All three wear black outfits with white skulls on the chest."
looking out the window says: "All three wear black outfits with white skulls on the chest."
with his back to the camera. It is nighttime. Now he reaches out a shaking hand says: "All three wear black outfits with white skulls on the chest."
picks up a picture from his nightstand. It shows three men says: "All three wear black outfits with white skulls on the chest."
(A set of false teeth is dropped into the glass says: ")"
the room darkens. He sits on his bed says: ")"
looking out the window says: ")"
with his back to the camera. It is nighttime. Now he reaches out a shaking hand says: ")"
picks up a picture from his nightstand. It shows three men says: ")"
Old man 1 says: "Little girls, even."
A pair of slippered feet slide across the floor, and two hands reach slowly toward a cabinet door. Camera shifts to point out at the man, silhouetted in the light with his monocle gleaming. Cut to the street, where we see the exterior of an apartment complex—Pokey Folks. The old man cackles madly, his laughter echoing through the night, but trails off into a fit of coughing.
Night fades into the morning; inside the complex, several elderly people are sitting in, or walking around, a large common area as old-style music plays over the PA. This is a retirement home. Zoom in on two men—one very large and fat, the other very small—playing cards at a table. A belt with a skull attached is dropped between them. They look up toward the camera in surprise. This is the first old man’s perspective of them.
Old man 1 says: "Well, boys—"
Dissolve to an extreme close-up of the hotline, buzzing. Pull back quickly; the girls are in their bedroom. Blossom picks up the call, her sisters in the background.
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor…The bank?"
Blossom says: "… We’re on it!"
Cut to the exterior of the house as they exit through the bedroom windows. They reach the bank a moment later; cut to them in the lobby.
Blossom says: "Not so—"
(Quick series of extreme close-ups of the following says: "a gnarled hand, the big man’s nose, the short man’s eyes, the first man’s monocle, and the skull from the picture."
(Quick series of extreme close-ups of the following says: "The three are standing next to the open vault door, loaded down with sacks of cash."
(Quick series of extreme close-ups of the following says: "They wear their black outfits with skulls on their chests, though they are in much worse physical shape from when the picture was taken."
(Quick series of extreme close-ups of the following says: "The one with the monocle also wears a cape."
(Quick series of extreme close-ups of the following says: ")"
Old man 1 says: "Well, look who showed up."
Old man 1 says: "How wonderful."
Blossom says: "And who are you three supposed to be?"
Old man 1 says: "You mean you don’t recognize the most feared evildoers Townsville’s ever known?!"
Old man 1 says: "!"
Old man 1 says: "It was before your time, my child."
Old man 1 says: "Let me introduce myself."
Old man 1 says: "I am Mastermind!"
Old man 1 says: "And these are my comrades."
Pan to his two colleagues on the end of this line, then cut to the large one.
Grunting and straining, he holds a large sack over his head. After a moment, he drops it and doubles over in pain.
Counterpart says: "Oh, my back!"
Cut to the small fellow. Two sacks sit on the floor next to him; he is asleep on his feet.
Mastermind says: "…and Cohort!"
Mastermind stands on the counter to address the room. Counterpart and Cohort flank him.
Mastermind says: "And we are the Ministry of Pain!"
Mastermind says: "We have come out of retirement to continue our reign of evil and do many bad and nasty things!"
Mastermind says: "And heed my words, Townsville: we will be victorious!"
Mastermind says: "So do not get in our way!"
Mastermind says: "In fact, why don’t you just run along and play with your little dollies?"
As he says this last, cut to the girls. Bubbles and Buttercup do not take it well.
Buttercup says: "Let me at ’em!"
Bubbles says: "Let me at ’em!"
Blossom says: "No, girls, we can’t fight them."
Buttercup says: "Of course we can!"
Blossom says: "Yes, we can, but we can’t."
Blossom says: "We have to respect our elders."
Cut to the Ministry, on their way out the door. Mastermind stops for a parting word.
Mastermind says: "Well, Townsville, thank you for your riches."
Mastermind says: "And, Powerpuff Girls, thank you for realizing you are no match for the Ministry of Pain!"
Pan quickly back to the lobby. Everybody—Bubbles and Buttercup included—glares angrily at Blossom, her eyes downcast as everyone is very disappointed and upset with her for letting the Ministry of Pain go because of their elderly ages. Fade to black.
Snap to a close-up of the top of a desk. Three newspapers are thrown down onto it, one by one, showing various photos of three sad girls. Each carries a banner headline in huge letters. The motion of the papers and the next speaker indicate that this is the Mayor’s perspective on his own desk.
Mayor says: "“Powerpuff Girls Wimp Out??"
Mayor says: "”…“Powerpuffs?"
Mayor says: "Cowerpuffs?"
Mayor says: "”…“Why Didn’t the Chickenpuffs Cross the Rogues?"
Cut to in front of the desk; he is addressing the girls.
Mayor says: "Aw, girls, don’t let this get you down."
Mayor says: "And I know deep in my heart that no villain can beat you, because you are…the Powerpuff Girls!"
Blossom says: "Thanks for the vote of confidence, Mayor."
Blossom says: "It’s just…we can’t fight these guys."
Mayor says: "Oh, nonsense!"
Mayor says: "You three can fly!"
Mayor says: "Uh…so I don’t see the problem."
Blossom says: "The problem is, though we may be capable of beating them, it’s just that they’re elderly, and we have to respect our elders."
Blossom says: "And that’s why we can’t fight the Ministry of Pain."
Behind his monocle, his eye pops wide open.
Mayor says: "The Ministry of Pain?!"
Mayor says: "!"
He runs screaming across the room and falls to his knees at the window.
Mayor says: "We’re doomed!"
Mayor says: "We’re all doomed!"
Mayor says: "No wonder you three gave up like little babies."
Buttercup says: "Little babies?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "We could’ve taken them out in a snap!"
Mayor says: "Yeah, funny joke there, Buttercup."
Mayor says: "You’re doomed!"
Mayor says: "We’re all doomed."
Bubbles says: "Really, Mayor."
Bubbles says: "These guys are easy pickings!"
Buttercup says: "Blossom won’t let us fight because—"
Mayor says: "She’s smart!"
Close-up of Blossom, looking proud of herself.
Mayor says: "You three are no match for the Ministry of Pain!"
This knocks her out of her reverie. He crosses the office again.
Mayor says: "I’m telling you, these guys are evil!"
Mayor says: "They almost took this in 1942."
Blossom says: "The world?"
Mayor says: "No!"
Mayor says: "My juice-bar globe!"
He flips open the top half of the globe to reveal a juice dispenser inside.
Mayor says: "And with them out of retirement, they’ll surely try to take it over again."
Blossom says: "The juice-bar globe?"
Mayor says: "No!"
Mayor says: "The world!"
Blossom says: "So what do you suggest we do, Mayor?"
Mayor says: "Hide!"
Mayor says: "And hope they will return to defeat them once more!"
Blossom says: "Who’s “they”?"
Cut to the desk. The Mayor steps into view, carrying an old movie projector.
Mayor says: "The only superhero team to have ever bested the Ministry of Pain."
Mayor says: "Watch."
The machine starts up, and the screen is filled with the flicker of its lamp. A newsreel begins, with a company logo—a clock face superimposed on a picture of the world—appearing by the title. The announcer reads this off.
Announcer says: "Cogswell News Presents…Time Pieces."
Announcer says: "“We Watch the World."
The number 1944 fills the screen and is replaced by soldiers, planes, and tanks engaged in combat.
Announcer says: "1944."
Announcer says: "The world is at war."
A map appears; an island marked “Evil Isle” is seen off the Pacific coast.
Announcer says: "And though our enemies are an ocean away, the presence of evil exists upon our own shores."
An American flag is seen waving on a pole; turn down from it to a city skyline.
Announcer says: "Take one city of Townsville, USA, which is under constant siege—"
Announcer says: "—"
Announcer says: "by the Ministry of Pain."
The three villains from the picture appear left to right as they are named.
Announcer says: "Mastermind, Counterpart, and Cohort serve up a constant feast of villainy."
Cut to the silhouettes of two caped figures standing atop a globe.
Announcer says: "Who will stop these nasty no-gooders?"
The light comes up; the taller figure looks similar to Captain America, but with a cape and without a shield, and the shorter one wears an outfit similar to that of Batman’s sidekick Robin.
Announcer says: "Why, Captain Righteous and Lefty, that’s who."
The two heroes light into the Ministry.
Announcer says: "That’s it, boys."
Announcer says: "Give ’em what for."
Announcer says: "Ho-ho!"
Announcer says: "Looks like the Ministry of Pain won’t be getting a taste of freedom for a long, long time."
Cut to the Captain and Lefty being thanked by citizens.
Announcer says: "Thank you, Captain Righteous."
Announcer says: "Thank you, Lefty—"
Announcer says: "—"
Announcer says: "for putting the “I can” back in “Amer-I-can”!"
The newsreel ends. Back to the Mayor at his desk.
Mayor says: "So you see, girls—"
Mayor says: "uh…girls?"
Mayor says: "Hmmm!"
Mayor says: "Must’ve went home to hide."
Mayor says: "Good idea."
He ducks under the desk. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of Pokey Folks. The sky is clear, and birds can be heard singing. Inside, water begins to run from a sink faucet in a dirty kitchen. A teakettle sits on the stove. Two hands reach slowly toward a cabinet and open its doors, revealing a box of tea. A few leaves are shaken into a mug bearing the slogan “I’m #1.” A fat old fellow in a dressing gown, his head cut off by the top of the screen, shuffles over to a chair in front of a TV and eases himself down into it. The doorbell rings.
Old man 2 says: "Oh, for cryin’ out loud."
He pulls himself to his feet and shambles o.c. as the doorbell rings again. Cut to outside the door, looking up from ground level, as it opens. He wears dark glasses and has apparently lost most of his teeth.
Old man 2 says: "Yeah?"
Old man 2 says: "… What do you three pumpkin heads want?"
Blossom says: "Captain Righteous?"
Close-up of the old man; his mouth slowly turns up into a smile. Dissolve to his living room, which has obviously not been cleaned for quite some time. The girls are seated on a ratty old couch, and he is a chair nearby. Several seconds pass with no sound but the ticking of a clock.
Old man 2 says: "So you say you’re writin’ a book about my funtastic life?"
Blossom says: "No, we’re here for something much more important."
Captain says: "Ohhh!"
We see him writing on a piece of paper.
Captain says: "Here you go, kids."
He gives the paper to Blossom; close-up of it.
Buttercup says: "We didn’t come here for your stupid forgotten signature!"
Buttercup says: "We’re here ’cause Blossom won’t let us fight."
Buttercup says: "So we need you to stop the Ministry of Pain!"
Zoom in on the Captain’s face, registering complete surprise.
Captain says: "The Ministry of Pain has returned?"
Pull back. There is a long silence, during which he pulls himself slowly to his feet. Finally, he strikes the best heroic pose he can, considering his age.
Captain says: "City of Townsville!"
Captain says: "You will once again be able to safely purchase your Frank Sinatra long-playing discs!"
Captain says: "For I, Captain Righteous, will once again single-handedly defeat the Ministry of Pain!"
Bubbles says: "What about Lefty?"
The kettle begins to sing, and the Captain’s attitude changes in a flash. He is now becoming enraged.
Captain says: "Get OUT!!"
Dissolve to another pair of hands reaching slowly toward a cabinet, this time a white one and very neat-looking. The doors are opened to expose a box of popcorn. Some of the contents are poured into an old-style corn popper, which is then switched on. An album is placed on the turntable of a record player and started up. As a cheerful old tune plays—think back to the days of the Charleston—we see two slippered feet dancing a bit. The doorbell rings and the feet stop; their owner shuffles past the Victrola to answer it. Seen from shoulders to knees, he is thin and nicely dressed.
Old man 3 says: "Coming!"
Old man 3 says: "Coming!"
Camera shifts to outside his door, looking up. When it opens, we see that his face is quite cheerful.
Old man 3 says: "Hello?"
Blossom says: "Lefty?"
Old man 3 says: "Well, look at you three precious little pumpkins."
Cut to his living room, which is very well-kept. Old pictures of him and the Captain cover an entire wall. The girls are on the couch; he sits in a nearby chair.
Lefty says: "Would you girls like to hear a song?"
Lefty says: "—"
Blossom says: "Um…I don’t mean to interrupt, but we need your help."
Lefty says: "My help?"
Lefty says: "How?"
Blossom says: "I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the Ministry of Pain has returned."
Blossom says: "And the city of Townsville needs you and Captain Righteous to be victorious once again."
The corn begins to pop, and Lefty gets up and dances about the room.
Lefty says: "Oh, yes."
Lefty says: "Oh, yes."
Lefty says: "But alas, Captain Righteous hates me."
Lefty says: "He won’t even say hello to me in the medicine line."
Blossom says: "On the contrary, Lefty."
Blossom says: "We just spoke to the Captain, and his reaction to your name was nothing but positive."
Lefty says: "Really?"
Blossom says: "Really!"
She beams, but her sisters look slightly ill at this pronouncement. Dissolve to the Captain’s apartment; the girls have returned.
Captain says: "You’re not pulling my prosthetic leg, are you?"
Blossom says: "No, sir!"
Blossom says: "Lefty said he would never fight with you again, either."
Cut back and forth between the two men’s apartments. The girls are seen on each couch.
Lefty says: "Then consider the—"
Captain says: "—"
Captain says: "Ministry of Pain—"
Lefty says: "—"
Lefty says: "history!"
Overhead view of the girls in flight.
Bubbles says: "I hope you know what you’re doing!"
Blossom says: "Don’t worry."
Blossom says: "My plans always work."
Snap to black. A hinge creaks and the Captain appears—the view is inside his closet.
Captain says: "Alone at last!"
Cut to the view from Lefty’s closet.
Lefty says: "Together at last!"
A blue glove is slowly eased onto a hand and pulled tight; then a foot is slowly advanced into a red shoe. Next, a zipper is pulled carefully up to zip a blue outfit with a white star on the front—the Captain’s uniform. The zipping stops briefly so he can tuck his entire flabby, hairy chest in, then continues the rest of the way up. A belt is slowly pulled across the waist of a red outfit and secured, and in close-up, we see Lefty pull a blue mask onto his eyes. The next close-up is of the top of the Captain’s head; he pulls the hood of his uniform into place. The camera pulls back; we now see him in his greatly faded glory, with a red cape trailing behind him. He is still wearing his dark glasses.
Captain says: "Watch out, Ministry of Pain!"
Lefty says: "Because here we come at the speed of light!"
(Split-screen view says: "Lefty in his apartment on the left, the Captain in his on the right."
(Split-screen view says: "Both walk slowly o."
(Split-screen view says: "c."
(Split-screen view says: ")"
Cut to a ringing alarm bell and pull back. Mastermind has a sack of loot over his shoulder.
Mastermind says: "Counterpart!"
Mastermind says: "Cohort!"
Mastermind says: "Hurry up!"
He walks o.c. Counterpart follows, carrying an armload of diamonds, and Cohort is last, toting one of his own—one diamond, that is. Outside, they emerge onto the street; the place is, in fact, a jewelry store. Cohort holds the door.
Mastermind says: "Thank you…Wait."
Mastermind says: "What’s that in the sky?"
In the sky, something is flying around erratically.
Cohort says: "It’s a feather."
Counterpart says: "I think it’s a plastic bag."
Mastermind says: "No, it’s just a flying has-been."
The Captain falls on his face. After a moment, he stands up, his back cracking as he does so.
Captain says: "Not so fast, Ministry of Pain!"
The criminals go past him as fast as they can. After several steps, he turns around.
Captain says: "I said, not so fast!"
Lefty says: "When Captain Righteous says, “Not so fast,” you should either slow down or preferably stop!"
Captain says: "What in Sam Hill are you doin’ here?"
Lefty says: "I’m…your right-hand man, Lefty."
Lefty says: "Right?"
Captain says: "Oh, no, you don’t."
Captain says: "You’re here for all the glory and none of the work!"
Lefty says: "Now don’t start that again, you old windbag!"
Captain says: "I work alone, Lefty."
Lefty says: "Fine."
Cut to the Ministry; they turn their heads back and forth to follow the argument.
Captain says: "Fine!"
Lefty says: "Fine!"
Captain says: "Fine!"
Mastermind says: "All right, all right!"
Mastermind says: "You’re both fine!"
Mastermind says: "Just get out of our way!"
He shoves Lefty aside; the sidekick falls to the ground in slow motion, and the sound of cracking bone is heard when he lands.
Lefty says: "My hip!"
Captain says: "Lefty!"
Captain says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
He appears to be making good time, but the camera pulls back to show the entire block and the truth—he is going only slightly faster than his normal shuffle. He stops for breath halfway.
Captain says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
Captain says: "Are you all right, Lefty?"
Lefty says: "Now that we’re together…I can’t fight."
Captain says: "Well, I can’t fight without you!"
Lefty says: "You’ll…have to."
Captain says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
As he screams, he flies erratically toward the Ministry and falls on top of them. A moment later, an ambulance rolls up to the scene, its siren blaring. The image shrinks, becoming a graphic next to Whitfield at the news anchor desk.
Whitfield says: "This was the scene earlier today when five senior citizens were rushed into intensive care."
Cut to the girls in their living room; they are watching the broadcast.
Whitfield says: "Doctors report that they are not in critical condition."
Close-up of them. Bubbles and Buttercup glare at Blossom, sitting between them. As the report continues, she looks apologetically at each of them and then slides down o.c. from the couch.
Whitfield says: "But they wonder how five elderly men could get into such a situation."
Whitfield says: "And it is this reporter’s opinion that perhaps none of this would have happened—"
The background for the end shot comes up, and the girls appear. Bubbles glares at a sad and sorry Blossom from the left, and Buttercup does the same from the right. They don't forgive her at all.
Whitfield says: "—"
Whitfield says: "if the Powerpuff Girls would have just saved the day."