Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "The picture of an average American town."
A boy rides his bicycle down the street. Dissolve to a close-up of a pie cooling on a windowsill. A woman stands behind it.
Narrator says: "Mom's hot apple pie."
Boy says: "Hi, Mrs."
Boy says: "O'Hara!"
He rolls past a set of bleachers on the other side of a fence.
Narrator says: "White picket fences."
The spectators cheer. Cut to the field on their side. A baseball game is in progress, but the boy playing left field is more interested in a butterfly flitting overhead.
Left fielder says: "Wooooooowww..."
Narrator says: "And baseball!"
The batter hits a fly ball that sails toward the boy and lands just behind him, and he pays no attention to it, still focused on the flitting butterfly. The crowd groans. Cut to an American flag waving over a building.
Narrator says: "Ah, yes."
Narrator says: "Typically American in every way."
An alarm goes off, and the camera turns down to show the building as a bank, that being the Bank of the Imperial Garden. Three masked robbers back out the front door, with guns drawn and bags of money in hand. One of them laughs.
Robber says: "Thanks for the loot, suckers!"
Pan left slightly to bring a waiting van into view. The men climb into its open back doors and speed off. Inside, they and the driver laugh over the heist. This last one has a mask on as well, but pushes it up for a better view as they make their getaway.
Narrator says: "Only one thing sets Townsville apart from the rest of America."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "three things!"
Driver says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
robbers says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
The driver brings the van to a screeching halt, and all four men bail to escape the Girls hopefully on foot. The driver and the robbers run in opposite directions. The Girls are quick to react to the bad guys splitting up.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Blossom says: "You guys go left."
Blossom says: "I'll take right."
She stomps the pavement, creating a long fissure that extends toward the driver. The camera pans quickly to follow. He gets his foot caught at the end of the crack and tumbles headlong down the street, yelling in pain and surprise. One down, three to go. Cut to the three robbers as they flee the scene in the opposite direction of the driver, then to Bubbles and Buttercup in flight.
Buttercup says: "Quick!"
Buttercup says: "Fastball Special!"
Bubbles literally bends over backward to curl into a tight ball, and Buttercup grabs her and throws. She bounces along after them as they run o.c. Cut to a patch of empty space above the street. We hear a sound as of a bowling ball crashing into pins, and the robbers are thrown up into view and fall down again. A clean strike.
[Note says: "This Fastball Special is slightly different from the version used in "Stuck Up, Up and Away," in which Bubbles was bounced off a cabinet to save Twiggy."
Dissolve to the getaway van, which is now being readied for removal by a police tow truck to be taken to an impound lot. Pan slowly across the scene to the sound of radio chatter. The robbers are being herded into a paddy wagon. One policeman has his gun trained on them to make sure they don't try anything to escape being taken to jail.
Policeman 1 says: "That's right, keep it movin'."
Stop on the girls standing with a second policeman in front of a doughnut shop.
Policeman 2 says: "Geez Louise, Powerpuff Girls."
Policeman 2 says: "You done it again!"
A flash of light, and we see a black-and-white close-up of the girls with the same proud smiles.
Narrator says: "Yes, the Powerpuff Girls!"
(As he continues says: ""POWERPUFFS DOON IT AGAIN!"
pulls back to show this as a photo on a newspaper page. The headline says: ""POWERPUFFS DOON IT AGAIN!"
(As he continues says: "" - the spelling was chosen to capture the sound of "done" as spoken by the Irish cop."
pulls back to show this as a photo on a newspaper page. The headline says: "" - the spelling was chosen to capture the sound of "done" as spoken by the Irish cop."
(As he continues says: ")"
pulls back to show this as a photo on a newspaper page. The headline says: ")"
Narrator says: "And it is this extraordinary fact..."
Head-on view of the reader, the paper in front of his face. He sits in an office at a desk. Behind him, through the window, the famous HOLLYWOOD sign is visible. We are in Tinseltown, also known as Hollywood in Los Angeles, California, the heart of the movie industry in the United States.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "that has caught the eye of none other than Bernie Bernstein."
(When the name is spoken says: "yellow-tinted eyeglasses, thin mustache, black beret, one eyebrow cocked, big fake smile."
the paper is lowered to reveal the reader says: "yellow-tinted eyeglasses, thin mustache, black beret, one eyebrow cocked, big fake smile."
(When the name is spoken says: "This is Bernie."
the paper is lowered to reveal the reader says: "This is Bernie."
(When the name is spoken says: "Zoom in slowly on him during the next line."
the paper is lowered to reveal the reader says: "Zoom in slowly on him during the next line."
(When the name is spoken says: ")"
the paper is lowered to reveal the reader says: ")"
Narrator says: "Big-time Hollywood director/producer/agent!"
Around him, the scene dissolves to a speeding car. He is at the wheel. He picks up a cell phone, dials, and lifts it to his ear. He has the voice of a man who can hype the daylights out of the most commonplace event.
Bernie says: "Donnie, set up a lunch with the Powerpuff Girls."
Bernie says: "Something quaint and expensive."
Pan left slightly. A man sits next to him in the front seat - he bears no small resemblance to Don Shank. He too has a cell phone to his ear - this is Donnie, and he sounds like the quintessential yes-man, fitting for being Bernie's assistant for his plan, and being right next to him at all times when needed.
Donnie says: "Yes, sir."
Donnie says: "You got it, sir."
(Cut to outside the car says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
the camera pulled back across the street. The car rolls across the screen says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
with a series of tractor-trailers following behind it. The first of these is labeled "CAMERA GEAR says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
" followed by "LIGHTS" says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
"DOLLYS." As the Narrator speaks says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
the camera pulls back says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
we see additional trucks says: ""STUFF & SONS," "JUNK," "MORE STUFF," "STUFFED JUNK."
Narrator says: "Looks like Mr."
Narrator says: "Bernstein's got something big planned for our three little superheroes."
Long shot of Townsville as the car and the trucks roll toward it.
Blossom says: "Well..."
Blossom says: "who is he?"
Professor says: "I don't know."
Professor says: "He said his name is Bernie Bernstein."
Cut to the front seat of the family car. All three girls are buckled into the passenger seat.
Blossom says: "And what did he say?"
Professor says: "Well, not much."
Professor says: "He said he's from Hollywood..."
Overhead view of a street, with a restaurant on one side. The car turns a corner and heads toward this.
Professor says: "Now, don't worry, girls, I'm here to look out for you."
Dissolve to inside the front entrance of the restaurant. The Professor and the girls approach the maitre d'.
Maitre d' says: "Ah, Professor Utonium!"
Maitre d' says: "You're expected."
Maitre d' says: "Right this way."
(Cut to a pan across the room says: "sedate, expensive, with leather seats encircling the wall tables."
which is done up in the style of some of the old Hollywood lounges says: "sedate, expensive, with leather seats encircling the wall tables."
(Cut to a pan across the room says: "The patrons are very well dressed."
which is done up in the style of some of the old Hollywood lounges says: "The patrons are very well dressed."
(Cut to a pan across the room says: ")"
which is done up in the style of some of the old Hollywood lounges says: ")"
Bernie says: "Over here!"
They stand nervously across the table from him.
Bernie says: "Sit, sit!"
The girls ease across the seat one by one, the leather creaking beneath them, and the Professor follows. A large banana split stands before them. The camera stays on their side of the table.
Bernie says: "Waiter!"
Bernie says: "Waiter!"
Bernie says: "More food!"
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "Yeah, now."
He looks toward them for a moment, then sighs contentedly and leans forward. He gestures expansively as he speaks during this scene.
Bernie says: "Wow!"
Bernie says: "Let me look at you!"
Bernie says: "Can I just say..."
The girls and the Professor stare wordlessly at him, unsure of what to make of Bernie's little act. Long silence.
Professor says: "Um..."
Professor says: "what are you talking about, exactly?"
Bernie says: "I'm talking about making movies!"
Bernie says: "A Powerpuff movie!"
Bubbles, puzzled, cocks her head. Bernie's eyes dart back and forth several times, and he leans in a little closer.
Bernie says: "And here's the catch."
Bernie says: "You three are gonna star as yourselves!"
Back to the girls on the end of this line. They cheer and applaud the idea. As they do, cut to the Professor, who seems a little wary.
Bernie says: "And the wheels started turning."
Bernie says: "'Cause think about it, there's three of you, so it wouldn't be that two thing, you know..."
Back to the Professor, still trying to get this straight.
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "everybody's doing that two thing, you..."
Bernie says: "you know."
Professor says: "Huh?"
Bernie says: "Y'ello."
Bernie says: "Oh, nothing, I'm just having lunch with the next three biggest stars in Hollywood..."
Bernie says: "Sure thing, call you back."
Bernie says: "Buh-bye."
He ends the call and turns his attention back to his lunch guests.
Bernie says: "Where was I?"
Girls says: "Yes!"
Professor says: "We need to think about this a little first."
Blossom says: "Aw, Professor!"
Bernie says: "No, no, girls."
Bernie says: "It's your father's decision."
Close-up of the Professor, who looks pleased - but his expression starts to melt as Bernie continues.
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "I certainly wouldn't want to be thought of as the type of parent who jealously holds his children back from fulfilling their potential."
Now the Professor starts to look a little guilty. He turns his eyes down at the girls, who stare pleadingly up at him for a long moment. He starts to sweat, indecision making itself plain on his face, as Bernie's fixed smile and dead-steady eyes keep him pinned in place. The director pulls out a pen and clicks the button on its end.
Bernie says: "Just sign here."
He pushes a contract across the table. Pull back to show the Professor following the instructions, with the girls watching eagerly.
Bernie says: "And here..."
Bernie says: "and here..."
Bernie says: "And here..."
Bernie says: "and once more here..."
Dissolve to the exterior of the girls' house at night, then to an overhead view of them on their bed. The camera zooms in slowly on them, rotating as it does so. They are lost in fantasies of stardom.
Buttercup says: "Wow, our own movie!"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "And finally, we'll get the recognition we deserve."
Bubbles says: "And the premiere."
Bubbles says: "Oh..."
Bubbles says: "maybe I'll get a chance to meet Leo!"
Buttercup says: "And our name in lights!"
Blossom says: "Starring Blossom."
Blossom says: "I'd get top billing, of course."
Buttercup says: "Says who?"
Blossom says: "Well, I am the leader."
Buttercup says: "Nuh-uh!"
Buttercup says: "I'm just as important as you!"
Bubbles says: "Leo..."
Blossom says: "Come on, Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "I'm the only reason Mr."
Blossom says: "Bernstein is here."
Side view of the bed, zooming in slowly toward the open door. All three are angry now.
Buttercup says: "Hah!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "Wanna fight about it?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
In the hall, the Professor stands at the door with his hand cupped to his ear. The argument in the room starts to heat up, and he hangs his head in disappointment. Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall, with Bernie's car parked in front, and turn up slowly on the next line.
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "and the use of all its money, and full police jurisdiction in a four-mile radius?"
Bernie sits across the desk from him and acts as if he has only asked to borrow a quarter so he can make a phone call.
Bernie says: "So what's the problem?"
Mayor says: "Well, it's..."
Mayor says: "kind of a lot, isn't it?"
Bernie says: "Look, Mr."
Bernie says: "Mayor."
Bernie says: "I understand how you feel."
Bernie says: "I mean, when Mr."
Bernie says: "S came to me with that big war picture and nobody would touch it, I had fears."
Bernie says: "I had doubts."
Bernie says: "But did I let that stop me from doing what I believed?"
Bernie says: "And we knocked the pants off 'em with that one!"
Bernie says: "And now..."
[Note says: "This line refers to the film Saving Private Ryan, which was directed by Steven Spielberg."
Close-up of the Mayor.
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "you, a truly beautiful man, with the class and charm of a young Edward G."
Bernie says: "Robinson..."
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Thank you."
Bernie lets go of the Mayor. The little man drops like a rock. Now the director sits on the edge of the desk, his back to the camera.
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "who should probably be starring in this picture..."
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "and don't think that's not possible, that's very possible..."
The Mayor peeks up over the desk. Now Bernie leans forward over it.
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "and now, now when I ask you..."
Bernie says: "..."
Bernie says: "down on one knee..."
Bernie says: "for a few lousy permits for a tiny little movie!"
The Mayor has watched him from atop the desk. Now he comes to life.
Mayor says: "Oh, I'll do it!"
Cut to an outer office, where Ms. Bellum sits at her desk. The Mayor comes in.
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum, draw up the permits for Mr."
Mayor says: "Bernstein."
(In the office says: ""TOWNSVILLE TONIGHT."
Bernie makes himself comfortable in the Mayor's chair. Cut to a greatly simplified shot of the Townsville skyline at dusk. Music begins to play - it sounds very much like the theme of the show "Entertainment Tonight" - says: ""TOWNSVILLE TONIGHT."
after a moment says: ""TOWNSVILLE TONIGHT."
a title in big gold letters floats into view says: ""TOWNSVILLE TONIGHT."
(In the office says: "" It centers itself on the screen as the sky darkens to evening and the moon rises."
Bernie makes himself comfortable in the Mayor's chair. Cut to a greatly simplified shot of the Townsville skyline at dusk. Music begins to play - it sounds very much like the theme of the show "Entertainment Tonight" - says: "" It centers itself on the screen as the sky darkens to evening and the moon rises."
after a moment says: "" It centers itself on the screen as the sky darkens to evening and the moon rises."
a title in big gold letters floats into view says: "" It centers itself on the screen as the sky darkens to evening and the moon rises."
(In the office says: ")"
Bernie makes himself comfortable in the Mayor's chair. Cut to a greatly simplified shot of the Townsville skyline at dusk. Music begins to play - it sounds very much like the theme of the show "Entertainment Tonight" - says: ")"
after a moment says: ")"
a title in big gold letters floats into view says: ")"
Cut to a couple of the tractor-trailers parked on a street, with a crew hard at work. A reporter stands in the foreground, holding a microphone.
Reporter says: "Yes, folks, right here in our own backyard, our own piece of Hollywood."
Reporter says: "If you look behind me, you'll see all the cameras and crews setting up for the Powerpuff Girl movie."
Stop on the Bank of the Imperial Garden. A camera has been set up on a boom outside. Cut to the lobby, in which spotlights have been set up. Bernie is talking with two of the tellers.
[Dialogue/animation goof says: "The shoot location is different from the one stated by the Mayor."
Bernie says: "So, how long have you two been working here at this bank?"
Tellers says: "Um..."
Tellers says: "about seven years."
Bernie says: "We're gonna need to hire some actors who look like real tellers."
He starts away, the camera following again. Donnie switches on a bullhorn and speaks into it.
Donnie says: "Okay, people, cast and crew only."
Donnie says: "Everybody out!"
Guard says: "Hey, let me know if you need anything."
Bernie says: "Donnie!"
Bernie says: "We're gonna need a security guard too."
Cut to just behind the Professor at home. This is a show he has been watching in the living room.
Bernie says: "This guy stinks."
The Professor's face registers disbelief and disappointment at what he has witnessed with Bernie choosing to kick out the bank's staff and security instead of including them in the movie as familiar faces the Girls could work with. He shakes his head sadly. Cut to the area outside the bank entrance, where a red carpet has been laid out. Eager spectators and press personnel crowd up to the cordons that have been strung along either side of this. The reporter is in the foreground.
Reporter says: "Now if you look behind me, the Powerpuff Girls are just arriving."
A limousine pulls up to the curb, and the passenger door opens. Blossom is the first to get out, walking o.c. along the carpet. Buttercup is next. She stops to address the crowd as Bubbles pokes her head out. All three wear yellow-tinted sunglasses. Flashbulbs start to pop all around.
Buttercup says: "That's right!"
Buttercup says: "Who's the baddest?"
Inside the bank, Bernie is now chumming up to a fellow in a business suit - the manager.
Bernie says: "Look."
Bernie says: "I know it's your bank and you're responsible, but we have to use the actual money for reality's sake."
Donnie says: "Uh, sir, the girls just arrived."
Bernie says: "Yeah, thank you."
Bernie says: "Run along now."
Bernie says: "I'll take full responsibility for the cash myself."
On the red carpet, the girls are doing an interview with the reporter. They raise their voices to make themselves heard over the crowd.
Buttercup says: "Well, as you know, I'm the toughest."
Bubbles says: "Yeah, but you're the worst actor."
Bernie says: "So, what do you think of my girls?"
Back at home, the Professor seethes with anger, but does his best to restrain himself.
Professor says: "His girls."
Professor says: "Hmph!"
Back to the red carpet.
Bernie says: "You know, I've been telling them for years that they have natural talent."
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "But we just met you yesterday."
Bernie says: "All right, honey, the grown-ups are talking now."
Bernie says: "So you're gonna have to be quiet."
Back at home. This remark takes the Professor completely by surprise. On the red carpet, the interview continues. Bernie laughs, but the girls no longer seem to be having much fun.
Bernie says: "Kids..."
Bernie says: "Where was I?"
Bubbles says: "But we did just meet him yesterday, didn't we?"
Bernie says: "I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT!!!"
That's the last straw. Back at home, the Professor is on his feet in an instant upon hearing that sudden outburst from Bernie. His face sets itself into the sort of angry and concerned look that only comes up when a parent feels that a child is being exploited.
Professor says: "Mr."
Professor says: "Bernstein, we need to have a little talk."
Back to the red carpet. Blossom and Buttercup shoot hostile glances at Bubbles.
Blossom says: "Come on, Bubbles, you're gonna mess it up for everybody."
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Cut to the Professor piloting his car through the streets of Townsville at well over the posted speed limit as he rushes to the Bank of the Imperial Garden to confront Bernie over his outburst at Bubbles. The radio is tuned to a news broadcast. The voice is that of the reporter we saw before, and every word makes the driver angrier.
Reporter says: "He is moving up the power list in Hollywood."
Reporter says: "Anybody want to talk about Bernie..."
The Professor reaches into view and turns it off. He rolls away, tires screeching, and pulls up at the bank. He gets out, slamming the car door as if wanting to crush Bernie's head between it and the frame, and stalks toward the front entrance. The camera follows him as he passes souvenir vendors, rubberneckers, and reporters, and reaches a security man standing behind a barricade.
Professor says: "Listen, buster."
Professor says: "I need to see Mr."
Professor says: "Bernstein, and I mean now, see?!"
Professor says: "!"
Security man 1 says: "Just try his trailer out back."
Professor says: "Fine!"
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "Thank you."
He rounds the corner and stops short, surprised. Cut to a long shot behind him and turn up slowly. There are dozens of trailers parked at crazy angles in the back streets and alleys. How is he supposed to find the one Bernie is in with so many here? Cut to him at the door of one of them.
Professor says: "Excuse me."
Professor says: "Is Mr."
Pan quickly away from him across the forest of trailers. He is now o.c. All the people who answer him are inside their trailers.
Woman 2 says: "Oh!"
Woman 2 says: "No!"
Professor says: "Pardon me."
Woman 3 says: "No!"
Professor says: "Hi."
Man 1 says: "No!"
Professor says: "Excuse me."
Man 2 says: "Sorry, buddy."
Stop on one trailer far down the line. Professor Utonium trudges wearily into view and raises his fist to pound on the door, but the sound of Bernie's voice freezes him in place.
Bernie says: "This has got to be the greatest scam we've ever pulled!"
Bernie says: "The people of Townsville have got to be the most gullible bunch of saps I've ever seen!"
Inside, he relaxes on a couch while Donnie sits in a chair.
Bernie says: "As if anyone would really be interested in making a movie about the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "Bernie Bernstein a fraud?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "And I was promised a part in that movie!"
Outside the trailer, the Professor still has his hand raised to knock, although he held them together when he heard Bernie talking, his fist has uncurled and his fingers hang limp. He turns his face toward the camera - the shock of this overheard revelation has contorted his facial features into an almost unrecognizable visage.
Narrator says: "Well, Professor, what are you gonna do?"
Fade to black.
Part Two.