Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
As he continues, cut to street level and pan along a couple of blocks. A fireman rescues a cat from a tree for a little girl, and a Boy Scout helps an old woman cross the street.
Narrator says: "A community where random acts of kindness are an everyday occurrence."
Dissolve to the park. As the Narrator continues, two smiling men pop into view. A child pops up between them.
Narrator says: "And where warm, fuzzy smiles grace the faces of everyone you meet."
Narrator says: "Except some people."
Pan from them across the countryside; stop on the forest outside the city and zoom in.
Narrator says: "Some people who've decided to be far, far away."
Zoom in past several signs showing variations on the message "Keep Out" and toward a barbed-wire fence.
Narrator says: "Some people who don't like visitors."
Zoom in on a run-down shack. Fuzzy Lumkins, the big, pink hillbilly creature from "Meat Fuzzy Lumkins," sits in a rocking chair on the front porch. A jug stands behind him; in front of the chair is a slice from a tree trunk to serve as a footstool. He is holding an old shotgun and looking very ornery.
Narrator says: "Some people like..."
Fuzzy says: "Hey, you!"
Fuzzy says: "Now!"
He fires; the Narrator cries out, and the screen fills with gunsmoke. When it clears, the camera has pulled back quickly past the barbed wire, putting as much distance between the Narrator and Fuzzy as it can to avoid another round of buckshot from him.
Narrator says: "Some people like..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "Fuzzy Lumkins!"
Fuzzy says: "Dern trespassers."
Fuzzy says: "I'll get anyone or anything that gets on my property!"
He works the action again to load another round. A leaf floats slowly down into view in front of him. He eyes it suspiciously and tilts his gun forward to keep it trained on this intruder. Finally it settles onto the porch.
Fuzzy says: "Get offa my property!"
Fuzzy says: "Nowa!"
He fires, blowing a hole in the porch and obliterating the leaf. Now a butterfly flits into view behind him; when it moves into his field of vision, he aims at it.
Fuzzy says: "Hey!"
Fuzzy says: "Get offa my property right now!"
He fires, putting a hole in the wall of the shack. The butterfly is nowhere to be seen, either having managed to flitter out of the area Fuzzy fired at and escaped to safety, or something much worse. He jumps out of his chair and faces the camera.
Fuzzy says: "Consarn it!"
Fuzzy says: "Anyone else wanna try and get on my property?!"
Fuzzy says: "!"
His perspective of the woods. No living thing is in sight. Close-up of him.
Fuzzy says: "Good."
Fuzzy says: "Hm."
Fuzzy says: "Ahh, now let's see."
Close-up of a straw hat on the porch; he reaches into view and picks it up.
Fuzzy says: "Check."
Close-up of a corncob pipe on the porch; he picks this up as well.
Fuzzy says: "Check."
Close-up of the jug.
Fuzzy says: "Che-e-eck!"
His perspective of an empty corner of the porch, panning to the door.
Fuzzy says: "Jo."
Fuzzy says: "Ch-  Where you at, Jo?!"
Fuzzy says: "!"
Fuzzy says: "Where is you?!"
Fuzzy says: "!"
Fuzzy says: "Jo!"
Fuzzy says: "Joey!"
Fuzzy says: "J-oh..."
He laughs, relieved, and bends over to a banjo leaning against a post.
Fuzzy says: "There you is."
Fuzzy says: "Hello, Jo."
He straightens up and strums a few notes, sighing contentedly. Now he carries it back to his chair.
Fuzzy says: "Now you stay right 'cheer, Jo..."
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "from all y'all who wants to get your mitts on my property!"
He stretches and flops back into the chair, rocking and nodding off. Cut to his perspective as he begins to snore and close his eyes, the screen blacking out to simulate his drooping eyelids. What he doesn't see at first is a squirrel peering over the end of his porch and getting closer each time his eyelids droop shut before opening again as he continues to mutter to himself.
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "off my property..."
Fuzzy says: "you better get off my property now, I'm not gonna tell you again..."
On this last, his eyes open slightly, revealing the squirrel now sitting in front of him. The screen goes black to the sound of his snoring; after a moment, he snaps awake, yelping in surprise. The barrel of the gun swings into view to point at the animal, and we hear the action being worked as the squirrel quickly goes slack with fear as its fur stands on end upon looking down the barrel of Fuzzy's gun.
Fuzzy says: "Get offa my property!"
He fires, wiping out part of his footstool. The squirrel is gone, but a moment later it pops into view again, unharmed. Fuzzy fires a second time, and it disappears once more. When it shows up again, it hangs upside down from the top of the screen - it is on Fuzzy's head. Side view of him.
Fuzzy says: "Hey!"
Fuzzy says: "Get offa my property, you ornery varmint!"
He fires, and his face is hidden in a cloud of smoke. When it clears, the squirrel is gone and his face is covered with soot. He stands up, angered that the squirrel made him shoot himself in the face to get rid of it, whether or not on purpose or accidentally; camera follows him as he walks to the end of the porch during his next line.
Fuzzy says: "Why, you..."
Fuzzy says: "I'm gonna learn you to get on my property!"
The squirrel looks up at him from the corner, then runs o.c. Fuzzy follows it.
Fuzzy says: "Come back here..."
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "my..."
Fuzzy says: "property!"
Overhead view of the forest, panning toward the city. Fuzzy's gunshots flash through the trees.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "He's heading towards Townsville!"
Close-up of the squirrel as it runs into the city proper, shots ringing out behind it o.c. It runs into an alley, Fuzzy close behind; overhead view of the two leaving the other end. Camera shifts to point down a street, where a truck is approaching. Fuzzy jumps into view.
Fuzzy says: "Where you at, you crazy critter?"
The truck driver leans on his horn; Fuzzy turns around just in time to be hit head-on. The hat, pipe, gun, and one of his boots fly up into the air. The hat settles to the ground in front of an old woman. Zoom in on it.
Pan slowly down the street to Fuzzy, lying on the pavement in front of the wrecked truck, and zoom in on him. The old woman walks into view.
Old woman says: "Excuse me, sonny, but I believe you dropped your hat."
He snaps back to consciousness and looks over at her. Alternate between close-ups of her, with the hat, and him. This sequence is repeated four times, zooming in closer on the hat and his face, respectively; he goes from merely dazed to boiling mad in the process. Pull back to show both of them - he is now bright red with rage, and he screams.
Fuzzy says: "GET YOUR WRINKLES OFFA MY PROPERTY!!"
He throws a punch that knocks her flying and pants hard with exertion and fury. A man walks into view beside him, holding the pipe.
Man 1 says: "Um..."
Close-up of Fuzzy; a hand reaches into view with the lost boot.
Man 2 says: "Here's your boot."
Another punch is thrown, and we see the man - a bald fellow with a bow tie - sail down the street. Back to Fuzzy; a third man stands behind him, holding his gun.
Man 3 says: "Your boomstick."
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, the gun has two barrels instead of one."
Fuzzy stands up, roaring and pounding his chest.
Fuzzy says: "Stop it, stop it, STOP IT!"
Fuzzy says: "Stop touchin' my property!"
Voice says: "Hey, pal!"
Cut to a close-up of the speaker - a policeman standing in Fuzzy's shadow.
Policeman says: "So, you like punchin' out old ladies, huh?"
Policeman says: "Well..."
Policeman says: "Is this your hat?"
Fuzzy screams again; the screen explodes into stars, and the policeman goes flying. Now the hillbilly goes on the warpath; he smashes a store window, jumps on a car, and crushes a mailbox with his bare hands. Two men, a woman, and the Talking Dog are next to get a taste of this wrath. Fuzzy grabs a lamppost and bashes a truck with it, then smashes another window and a car and punches out another bystander. Close-up of him, roaring at the top of his lungs.
Fuzzy says: "Y'ALL GET YOUR MITTS OFFA MY PROPERTY!!"
Cut to a group of terrified people, with a growing shadow falling over them.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "Fuzzy's gone plumb crazy!"
The people run o.c.; pull back slightly around a corner as a bus falls into view where they stood and rolls out of sight. As he continues, the squirrel pops into view.
Narrator says: "Who can stop this wild man on the loose?"
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Bubbles says: "It's mine!"
Buttercup says: "It's mine!"
Bubbles says: "No, mine!"
Close-up of Octi inside. The doll is being pulled back and forth.
Buttercup says: "Mine!"
Bubbles says: "Mine!"
Buttercup says: "Mine!"
Blossom says: "Girls!"
Pull back; she floats above her sisters' tug-of-war.
Blossom says: "What did we say about sharing?"
Bubbles says: "But Buttercup's gonna..."
Buttercup says: "I am not!"
Buttercup says: "I just wanna see Octi."
Bubbles says: "So you can..."
Blossom says: "Bubbles, share with Buttercup."
Bubbles says: "But..."
Cut to Blossom, glaring down o.c. toward Bubbles, then to the others. Bubbles lets go, and Octi is snatched away.
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Close-up of the hotline as it begins to buzz, then of Blossom.
Blossom says: "Uh-oh!"
Blossom says: "The Mayor!"
Bubbles says: "Don't!"
Buttercup says: "Don't what?"
Bubbles says: "Just don't!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, you mean..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "this!"
Bubbles says: "Ow!"
Bubbles says: "Yes!"
Blossom says: "Girls!"
Blossom says: "Trouble!"
Blossom says: "Move out!"
Cut to the exterior of the school as they take off through the roof, then to them in flight.
Narrator says: "Hurry, girls!"
Narrator says: "Hurry!"
Narrator says: "You've got to get downtown!"
Narrator says: "It's a mess!"
Buttercup says: "Whoa!"
As she says this, the girls land and survey the scene. Cut to their perspective, panning along the street. More dazed, injured people are scattered about everywhere.
Blossom says: "What happened here?"
Bubbles says: "Know what?"
Bubbles says: "I'll bet it was something bad."
Blossom says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Split up and search for clues!"
Close-up of each speaker in turn.
Blossom says: "Excuse me..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "but can you tell us..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "who did this?"
Old woman says: "Hat..."
Old woman says: "hat..."
Old woman says: "hat."
Man 1 says: "My property, my-my-my-my property."
Man 1 says: "My property, my-my property."
Man 2 says: "Not now!"
Man 2 says: "My head hurts!"
Man 3 says: "Watch out, he's got a boomstick!"
Blossom says: "Nobody's making any sense!"
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Close-up of her, kneeling on the ground; her sisters land behind her.
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Bubbles says: "Now just tell 'em what you told me."
Close-up of the individual to whom she has addressed herself - it is the squirrel. It chitters for a few moments. Cut to Blossom, standing just behind Bubbles - the top of her head is visible. Buttercup leans into view.
Buttercup says: "She's talking to squirrels again!"
Blossom says: "Quiet, Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Ask him if he knows who did this."
Bubbles turns to the squirrel and chitters back to it; the animal responds. She turns back to Blossom. Buttercup, meanwhile, cannot believe any of this.
Bubbles says: "Yes!"
Blossom says: "Can he take us to them?"
Bubbles speaks to the squirrel again; after a moment, it runs o.c.
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Cut to them in flight.
Narrator says: "Go, girls!"
Narrator says: "G-  Go, squirrel, go!"
Cut to the exterior of Fuzzy's shack, then to the fireplace inside. His banjo twangs o.c.; pan slowly across the room to him, playing by the window and smiling serenely. Close-ups of him from various angles are superimposed on the view, after which the scene dissolves to him standing against a slowly panning backdrop of a peaceful countryside. As the music stops, cut to him by the fire. He sighs calmly.
Fuzzy says: "Oh, Jo."
Fuzzy says: "You always make me feel a whole lot better."
He sets the banjo down. A crash from o.c. startles him; he looks over his shoulder.
Fuzzy says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Not so fast..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "Fuzzy..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "Lumkins!"
Blossom says: "Who are you to come mess up our town?"
He turns around; once again he is boiling mad. He rushes toward the girls. They don't even have a chance to prepare for him as he catches them all by surprise by his enraged charge.
Fuzzy says: "GET..."
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "PROPERTY!!"
The girls are flung against the walls and collapse in a heap on the floor. Fuzzy stands over them, panting and snarling, just waiting to have another go at them when they come to. Zoom in on his face; the squirrel's chittering from o.c. shakes him out of his gloating.
Fuzzy says: "Huh?"
Cut to the squirrel, which is holding the banjo close to the fire, then to a 360-degree view of Fuzzy in close-up.
Fuzzy says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
He runs toward the squirrel, yelling and gibbering. Cut to just behind it; as he approaches; it tosses the banjo to Blossom, who has regained consciousness from Fuzzy's surprise attack on her and her sisters. He goes for her, but she hands off to Bubbles, also having regained consciousness. Now he charges at her, but she passes to Buttercup, the last one to have regained consciousness. Head-on view of him running at full speed; zoom in on his face, dissolving into terror, and stop on an extreme close-up of one eye, the firelight reflecting in it.
Fuzzy says: "OH, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
As he screams, the scene changes to the fire itself. Pull back to show the body of the banjo just inches from the flames; as Buttercup speaks, pull back again to show her holding it. Now she threatens to do what the squirrel had threatened to pull earlier to get Fuzzy away from the Girls so they could recover from his earlier attack.
Buttercup says: "And I'll do it, too!"
Cut to her perspective of Fuzzy, still panting hard and red with fury.
Buttercup says: "Now relax..."
Buttercup says: "RELAX!"
Buttercup says: "Don't worry."
Buttercup says: "I'll give it to you."
As she continues, cut to a close-up of his foot rising from the floor, then to inside the fireplace, looking out at the approaching Fuzzy.
Bubbles says: "Look out, Fuzzy!"
Bubbles says: "She's gonna..."
Blossom slaps a hand over her mouth to avoid warning Fuzzy of what Buttercup plans to do to him, possibly what her sister pulled on her earlier with Octi. Back to Buttercup and Fuzzy.
Buttercup says: "Okay, Fuzzy, here you go."
And with those words, she hauls off and hits him over the head with the banjo, similar to what she pulled with Bubbles earlier. Back to the other girls.
Bubbles says: "I told you."
Narrator says: "Way to go, girls..."
Narrator says: "oh, and squirrel!"
Dissolve to the exterior of the jail.
Narrator says: "Townsville Prison!"
Inside, Fuzzy - now dressed in orange prison coveralls - sits in the corner of a cell, holding his banjo. It has a broken neck.
Fuzzy says: "Well..."
Fuzzy says: "at least I still got you, Jo."
A hulking shadow looms over him; it belongs to his cellmate.
Narrator says: "How do you like that, Mr."
Narrator says: "No-Share?"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved..."
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "I get a warm, fuzzy feeling just saying that."