Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "A place filled with some of the most brilliant, clever, and ingenious criminal masterminds ever to hatch an evil scheme."
Turn quickly down to street level. The Amoeba Boys, the three overgrown microbes from "Crime 101," stand in front of an orange vendor's display and eye it nervously. The man is not particularly alarmed at their presence.
Narrator says: "Then there's the Amoeba Boys."
Slim looks back and forth between the vendor, the oranges, and Bossman and Junior. After a long moment of strained silence, he reaches toward the oranges as if to grab one and the three dart into an alley. They look back at the aftermath of their caper.
Bossman says: "We did it!"
Bossman says: "We're official criminals!"
Junior says: "Yeah, criminals!"
Slim says: "Yeah!"
Bossman says: "So come on."
Bossman says: "Let's see it."
Junior says: "Yeah, let's see it."
Slim says: "Duh..."
Slim says: "see it?"
Bossman says: "Yeah, the orange."
Bossman says: "Let's see the orange."
Junior says: "Yeah, the orange."
Slim says: "Oh, that."
Bossman says: "Yes, that."
Bossman says: "The orange?"
Bossman says: "The fruit that you stole just now?"
Bossman says: "Let's see it!"
Slim says: "What do you want to see that for?"
Bossman says: "Produce the produce!"
Slim says: "Uh..."
Bossman says: "You didn't take it, did you?"
Junior says: "He didn't take it, Boss!"
Slim says: "I was going to, but..."
Slim says: "that would be stealing."
Bossman begins to shake with anger and finally screams. Junior backs out of the way as he advances on Slim. As he yells, the latter backs down until he is only a puddle of cytoplasm.
Bossman says: "That's it!"
Bossman says: "I spend months planning that orange heist, and you go and choke at the last minute."
The eyes of all three pop open in surprise as a variation on the girls' theme plays.
Bossman says: "Listen!"
Bossman says: "Ooh, that can only mean one thing."
Turn quickly up to the sky, where the girls are in flight, then cut back to the Boys.
Bossman says: "Now's our chance to get in real trouble!"
Bossman says: "Hey, Powerpuff Girls!"
We see a quick shot of their shadows descending along the side of the building the Boys are standing in front of; turn down to a street level as they land, ready for action.
Blossom says: "What?"
There is a piece of paper on the sidewalk in front of Bossman. He stammers nervously for a few seconds, then spots this. His face lights up.
Bossman says: "Aha!"
Bossman says: "Check it out."
The paper is picked up and held aloft by Bossman, then dropped. It flutters to the ground at Blossom's feet. Turn up to her face; she looks down at the scrap, then at the camera. She is completely bewildered. Back to the Boys, who are looking as menacing as they can.
Bossman says: "Littering!"
Blossom says: "Sorry, guys."
Blossom says: "You're gonna have to do better than that."
Blossom says: "Come on, girls."
Blossom says: "Let's go."
Bossman says: "No!"
Bossman says: "Wait!"
Bossman says: "So you wanna see a crime, huh?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Bossman says: "A real crime?"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "Sure."
Blossom says: "Okay."
Bubbles says: "Sounds fun!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, brother."
Bossman says: "Come on, then!"
Cut to a long shot of the park.
Narrator says: "Townsville Park."
Narrator says: "A clean place for clean folks to have good clean fun."
Stop on a trash can, a piece of paper resting on top of the garbage inside. This is picked up and held aloft by Bossman, then dropped. It also lands at Blossom's feet. Turn up to her face, bewilderment written all over it again. Back to the Boys, trying to look menacing.
Bossman says: "Littering!"
Blossom says: "Oh, brother."
Blossom says: "Look, guys."
Blossom says: "We've gotta go."
Bossman says: "No!"
Bossman says: "Wait!"
Bossman says: "Come back!"
Bossman says: "Don't go!"
Junior says: "Yeah!"
Junior says: "Don't go!"
The Boys hang their "heads" and slither slowly across the park, the camera following them. Bossman runs flat into a sign; the other two collide with him from behind.
Bossman says: "Don't move, you mugs."
Bossman says: "This could be it."
Bossman says: "The crime of the century!"
Close-up of the sign; it reads "Keep Off the Grass." Pull back to show three smirking Amoeba Boys standing next to it. The sky fades into a rainstorm, then towards night. They have fallen asleep, the rain continuing. After a few seconds, their normal blue-green color fades to white with gray spots. When the rain stops and morning comes, they look quite sickly; they sound the same when they speak next. Slim snores with his eyes open. He sneezes violently, waking the others as well.
Slim says: "Are we in jail yet?"
Bossman says: "Shut up, stupid!"
Junior says: "Yeah, shut up."
Camera follows them as they slither along the sidewalk, slumped over.
Slim says: "Hey, Boss, I don't feel so good."
He sneezes again. This is shown twice, the second time in an extreme close-up of his mouth; bits of green snot fly out. Pull back to show the Boys stopped by an apple cart. Fumes rise from them.
Bossman says: "Gesundheit!"
Junior says: "Yeah, gesundheit."
Turn up to the vendor - the same fellow who was selling oranges before. When he gets a whiff of the fumes, he too becomes pale, with gray spots all over his skin. He shivers and sneezes over the apples, spreading the germs to them. A man walks past and picks one up; he bites into it and becomes sick as well. Cut to a bus stop with a crowd of people; he walks past in front of them and sneezes. A bus pulls up, hiding the group from view. When it rolls away, they are gone. Cut to another corner as the bus rolls to a stop; we see that the driver has picked up the bug. After it pulls out, the crowd is seen again - they are sick as well. They sneeze in various directions.
Pan across the intersection as sick people cross the streets, coughing and sneezing. An ice cream truck stops to let them pass, its driver becoming ill almost as soon as they reach him. Pull back and follow the ice cream truck as it rolls through the city until it passes out of sight behind the corner of a building. Zoom in on one window to the sound of telephones ringing.
Cut to inside the window - the Mayor's office - and pan across the room to his desk as he speaks. Phones ring off the hook all around him; he has receivers in both hands.
Mayor says: "Hello?"
Mayor says: "He-What?"
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "You can't come in?"
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "You're sick?"
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "Thank goodness you're here."
She steps into view; her legs are very pale and covered with spots.
Mayor says: "The whole town is sick."
Mayor says: "You've got to do some..."
She sneezes and collapses to the floor. Her head is cut off by the left edge of the screen.
Mayor says: "Oh, no."
Mayor says: "There's only one thing to do."
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Inside, the hotline begins to buzz. Blossom jumps up from her seat.
Blossom says: "I'll get it!"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "You're sick?"
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "Well, that's too bad, Mr."
Blossom says: "Mayor, but it doesn't sound like an emergency."
Blossom says: "Now, tell everyone to get lots of rest and drink plenty of liquids."
Blossom says: "And only call when there's a real emergency."
Blossom says: "Remember..."
Blossom says: "the hotline is not a toy."
She hangs up and flies back to her seat, again scattering papers around. She smiles proudly while her sisters shoot angry glances at her. The tinkling of bells from outside - an ice cream truck - catches everybody's attention. At the classroom door, the teacher squashes herself against the frame to protect herself as a herd of excited kids thunders past.
Kids says: "ICE CREAM!!"
In the schoolyard, they wave and cheer as the truck approaches. Its driver is the same poor fellow who got sick at the intersection earlier. He sneezes and passes out at the wheel, his eyes turning into Xs as if he was dead; the screen explodes into stars. When it clears, the teacher and her students are seen, looking on in surprise at the now-wrecked truck. Turn down to ground level, where the girls stand at the front of the crowd; the driver tumbles out at their feet. He sneezes, splattering them with green snot.
Girls says: "Ewwwwww!"
Blossom says: "Maybe the Mayor wasn't kidding."
Blossom says: "Let's go!"
Pull back as the kids climb eagerly all over the truck, then cut to the girls in flight.
Buttercup says: "Uh-oh."
Buttercup says: "Look!"
Their perspective of the street. People are sprawled out everywhere, and wrecked cars dot the sidewalks.
Bubbles says: "Everybody's sleeping!"
Blossom says: "No, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "There's been an outbreak of some terrible disease."
Cut to street level, where the impact of the epidemic is seen more clearly in shots from various angles, then to the girls down in the thick of it.
Blossom says: "We've gotta help these people!"
Blossom says: "Let's move!"
Blossom pulls a man out of the street. The Boys are behind her.
Bossman says: "Hey, Blossom..."
Blossom says: "Not now, guys!"
Bubbles is studying a car with a person trapped beneath it. Bossman approaches from behind.
Bossman says: "Uh, Bubbles..."
Bossman says: "..."
Bossman says: "crime."
She drops the car and turns to face him; pan left slightly to show Slim and Junior with him.
Bubbles says: "Sorry, guys."
Bubbles says: "I gotta go save people and stuff."
Bubbles says: "Oops."
Buttercup, meanwhile, is checking a man's pulse. The Boys come up behind her.
Bossman says: "Hey, Buttercup..."
Buttercup says: "Buzz off, guys!"
Now Blossom carries a group of sick people through the street. She is brought up short by the Boys popping up in front of her.
Bossman says: "Okay, we got a crime."
Bossman says: "Watch!"
Blossom says: "Cut it out, guys!"
Blossom says: "Not now!"
Now they come up behind Buttercup, who looks rather fed up.
Bossman says: "How 'bout now?"
They appear behind a similarly miffed Bubbles.
Bossman says: "Hey, come on."
Bossman says: "Now?"
Junior says: "Now?"
Slim says: "Now?"
Junior says: "Now?"
Bossman says: "Now?"
Slim says: "Now?"
Junior says: "Now?"
Bossman says: "Now?"
Slim says: "Now?"
Buttercup says: "Will you guys SHUT UP?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
She rounds on them, yelling at full force. They cower before the fury of her outburst, finally squashing themselves together into a single puddle on the sidewalk.
Buttercup says: "You three are the lousiest, most pathetic criminals ever to walk the street!"
Buttercup says: "You stink!"
Buttercup says: "We don't ever want to see you again!"
Buttercup says: "Get out of town!"
Buttercup says: "Don't ever come back!"
Buttercup says: "Get out!"
Buttercup says: "Get out!"
Buttercup says: "GET OUT!!"
The puddle zips away. Blossom and Bubbles fly up behind Buttercup.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Buttercup says: "Well, uh..."
Buttercup says: "they made me mad."
Buttercup says: "And they got me sick, too."
Blossom says: "Yeah, I think I caught it too."
Blossom says: "We'd better go see the Professor."
Cut to the exterior of the girls' house. Inside, the Professor is in his lab, his back to the camera. They crash in and land behind him; now they look and sound as bad as everybody else.
Blossom says: "Professor..."
Blossom says: "Professor, the whole town is..."
Close-up of him as he turns around; he too has caught it.
Professor says: "Sick."
Professor says: "I know."
Professor says: "I'm already working on it."
Professor says: "Have a look."
Extreme close-up of the eyepiece as Blossom leans down to peer into it. Through the microscope, we see many small copies of Bossman. They laugh evilly. Cut to her as she looks up from the eyepiece.
Blossom says: "Professor, those look just like the Amoeba Boys."
Professor says: "The Amoeba Boys?"
Professor says: "Hmm."
Professor says: "I wonder if now this is only a hunch, but suppose the Amoeba Boys..."
Dissolve to the Boys standing next to the "Keep Off the Grass" sign.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "that could then infect all of Townsville."
Dissolve back to the Professor.
Professor says: "Of course, that's only a hunch."
Professor says: "Do you know where they are?"
Bubbles says: "Yes!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup kicked them out of town."
Bubbles says: "And..."
Bubbles says: "they left."
Bubbles says: "So..."
Bubbles says: "no."
As Bubbles was saying this, Buttercup glares angrily and crosses her arms, knowing this is all her fault at possibly leaving Townsville sick permanently without the antidote thanks to her snapping at the Amoeba Boys and yelling at them to leave town for good.
Blossom says: "We'll find the Amoeba Boys, Professor."
Cut to them slowly floating through the city. If there was ever a moment when they looked as if they should be off the street, this would be it.
Narrator says: "And so the Powerpuff Girls began to search for the hosts..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "of one of the most deadly viruses ever to befall mankind."
As he says this, Blossom picks up a fruit stand to check under it, Buttercup looks under a trash can in the park, Bubbles flies under an elevated rail track, and Buttercup does likewise. Back to the girls in flight, then cut to the Boys on their way out of town. They have bundles slung on sticks over their "shoulders" and are coughing like mad. The girls are faring no better. Back to the Boys again, then to the girls. They are now shivering and can barely keep themselves aloft. Finally, they seize up and tumble out of the sky, crashing down. Overhead view of them, lying in craters in the pavement. Zoom in slowly and fade to black.
Bossman says: "Are youse okay?"
Junior says: "Yeah."
Junior says: "Are youse okay?"
Cut to the road; the girls climb partway out of their craters. They look very weak; Blossom sounds likewise.
Blossom says: "Uh..."
Blossom says: "?"
Blossom says: "The Amoeba Boys?"
Blossom says: "Oh, you gotta come back with us right away."
Bossman says: "But I thought we were lousy criminals and you never wanted to see us again."
Blossom says: "No!"
Blossom says: "That's not true!"
Blossom says: "You three could be the worst criminals in the history of Townsville."
Bossman says: "Aw, you're just saying that."
Blossom says: "No, really."
Blossom says: "We've gotta take you back right away and lock you up."
Bossman says: "Really?"
Blossom says: "Come on."
Blossom says: "We gotta go."
Bossman says: "Wait a minute!"
Bossman says: "You're not taking us without a fight!"
Junior says: "Yeah!"
Junior says: "Without a fight!"
Blossom says: "Oh, come on, guys."
Blossom says: "We're sick and tired, and..."
Blossom says: "we wanna go home."
Bossman says: "Oh, please?"
Junior says: "Yeah, please?"
Blossom says: "All right."
Blossom says: "If we do this, then..."
Blossom says: "will you come home?"
Boys says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Boys says: "We promise."
Blossom says: "All right."
Blossom says: "Let's..."
Blossom says: "get 'em, girls."
What follows is truly the most pathetic fight sequence in the history of this or any other animated series. Blossom floats wearily up to a grinning Bossman and directs a weak backhand toward him. It comes nowhere close to actually connecting. Next, she touches him lightly.
Bossman says: "Yow!"
Bubbles approaches Slim, also smiling, and hauls off to throw a punch. Before she can deliver the blow, she sneezes on him; he reacts as if struck. Buttercup, meanwhile, is curled up on the pavement and taking a nap while Junior looks at her. She opens her eyes and looks back at him, and he hurls himself down in slow motion - she has literally won a fight just by looking funny at her enemy.
Cut to an overhead view of the house, zooming in slowly. People are lined up around the block. Inside, three very satisfied Boys are in the lab, confined to a green chamber labeled "QUARANTINE." The Professor reaches in and pokes Bossman with a syringe.
Bossman says: "Ow!"
Junior says: "Yeah, ow!"
Pull back and pan right to show the Professor, the girls, the Mayor, and Ms. Bellum.
Professor says: "Here's the antidote."
Girls says: "Great."
Side view of the exterior of the house. Sick people march in through the front door, healthy ones out the side near the garage. Back in the lab, the Professor holds the door of the quarantine chamber open. He and the girls, floating nearby, have completely recovered. The Boys, though also back to normal, look more than a little shocked at the offer of freedom.
Professor says: "Okay, Amoeba Boys."
Professor says: "Thank you for your cooperation."
Professor says: "You're free to go."
Bossman says: "Go?!"
Bossman says: "!"
Bossman says: "I thought we were criminals!"
Bossman says: "You locked us up and everything!"
Professor says: "Well, everything's all right now."
Professor says: "Out you go."
Cut to outside the open front door. The Boys are on the walk, the Professor just inside.
Professor says: "Bye now."
Bossman says: "I told you, you should have taken the orange!"
The Narrator imitates the old-time "wah-wah" horn sound effect as if to say, "Too bad.".
Narrator says: "Oh, Amoeba Boys."
Narrator says: "You're so dumb."
Narrator says: "But we love you anyway, because..."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "once again the day is saved thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Ah-choo!"
Narrator says: "Excuse me."
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"