Ms. Keane says: "And that's what we'll be learning about today on Career Day."
Dissolve to her at the front of the classroom, to the sound of applause. On the chalkboard behind her are the words "Career Day Today" in big printed letters. Also on it are a smiley face and Buttercup's name with a check mark next to it, in the upper left corner.
Ms. Keane says: "Good morning, boys and girls, and good morning to our parents too."
Her students are seated on the floor, as are their parents.
Kids says: "Good morning, Ms."
parents says: "Good morning, Ms."
Kids says: "Keane!"
parents says: "Keane!"
Ms. Keane says: "Boys and girls, we're going to be learning about careers today."
Ms. Keane says: "A career is what you do for a living when you're all grown up."
Ms. Keane says: "And to help us out, some special grown-ups, your parents, are going to talk to us about what they do for their career."
Near the end of this line, the camera shifts to show near her a squat little boy and his equally squat father, who wears a white apron and a paper cap - he looks very much like the hot dog vendor from "Insect Inside." From here, cut to a few other parent-child pairs, including Mary and her mother and Hanout and his father.
Ms. Keane says: "Raise your hands if you do."
The hands of several kids and a couple of the parents go up.
Ms. Keane says: "Well!"
Ms. Keane says: "A lot of you have an idea for what you want to do, and that's great."
Ms. Keane says: "Maybe after hearing some of our parents talk about what they do, you guys'll be inspired to make some career choices of your own."
Dissolve to the exterior of the school.
Voice says: "Boys and girls..."
Cut to Hanout's father at the front of the room - he is the speaker.
Hanout's father says: "..."
Hanout's father says: "hello."
Hanout's father says: "My name is Mr."
Hanout's father says: "Anoush."
Ms. Keane says: "Well, thank you, Mr."
Ms. Keane says: "Anoush."
Ms. Keane says: "And next up is..."
Cut to the Professor, seated in a small chair next to the girls.
Bubbles says: "You're up, Professor!"
He gets up and steps to the front of the class.
Professor says: "Um, hello."
Professor says: "I'm Professor Utonium."
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "I brought in something I recently invented to show you."
He pulls a squarish object covered with white cloth into view. The cart's wheels shake and grind against the floor as he does so. Close-up of it. He has one hand on the cloth.
Professor says: "Presenting my newest invention..."
He pulls the cloth away, revealing a square black frame with several oddly shaped devices pointing toward its interior.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "the Time Portal!"
The devices all swing out, and the now unobstructed frame comes to life and fills with static - now it is a viewscreen. Pull back. Everyone is staring at the invention with complete awe.
Kids says: "Oooooh!"
parents says: "Oooooh!"
Professor says: "In my long career as a scientist, I'd say the Time Portal is my greatest..."
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "well, second greatest invention ever."
Cut to outside the classroom window.
Professor says: "You know, kids, when I was your age, I never really thought I'd grow up to be a scientist."
Head-on view of the sidewalk by the building. Mojo Jojo walks along, carrying bags of groceries, and passes the window. We can no longer see directly inside.
Professor says: "Yes, if things kept going the way they were..."
Back to inside the room. Mojo is now standing outside the window.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "I might never have gone into the scientific field at all."
Back to Mojo on the end of this line. He throws his groceries aside and presses his face to the glass, deeply interested in hearing valuable info he could use against the Girls. Cut to behind him. Again we see the group.
Professor says: "But one day, something happened that changed my life."
Back to inside the room. As the Professor continues, Mojo sneaks out of sight.
Professor says: "This one strange incident occurred when I was still a lad."
We hear a door open, and the camera shifts to just behind Mary.
Professor says: "It inspired me."
Professor says: "Motivated me."
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "to get into science and create the Powerpuff Girls!"
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "Well."
Professor says: "Now let me show you how this thing works."
Pull back. Now he is leaning toward some of the devices protruding from the frame of the Time Portal.
Professor says: "I'll set the Portal for the sixteenth century."
(Close-up of the bottom left device says: ""YEAR 1564," "MONTH 6," "DAY 12," "HOUR 12."
follow the Professor's hand as he operates four in line. The markings says: ""YEAR 1564," "MONTH 6," "DAY 12," "HOUR 12."
(Close-up of the bottom left device says: "" After this last, turn down to the viewscreen, still filled with static."
follow the Professor's hand as he operates four in line. The markings says: "" After this last, turn down to the viewscreen, still filled with static."
(Close-up of the bottom left device says: "Cut to the Professor's hand as he lifts a pincer on an extendable arm into view."
follow the Professor's hand as he operates four in line. The markings says: "Cut to the Professor's hand as he lifts a pincer on an extendable arm into view."
(Close-up of the bottom left device says: ")"
follow the Professor's hand as he operates four in line. The markings says: ")"
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "to reach into the Portal..."
The pincer disappears into the static. Cut to a chamber in which a man wearing a feathered hat sits writing at a desk. A woman stands near him. Both are dressed in the style of the Renaissance, and the room is appropriately furnished. A small distortion forms in the upper left corner. The pincer extends out of this. It snatches the man's hat and quickly pulls back.
(Back to the present says: "a close-up of the Time Portal."
(Back to the present says: "The tension on the pincer's arm suggests that the Professor is having a little trouble reeling in his prize."
(Back to the present says: ")"
Professor says: "Whoop!"
Professor says: "Got something!"
Pull back. Now he has the hat in hand and is chuckling and showing it to the class.
Professor says: "Looks like someone's gonna need a new hat!"
Close-up of the controls again. The Professor reaches toward them.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "yesterday."
Cut to the kitchen in the girls' house. The Professor is reading the paper and seated at the table; Blossom and Buttercup are sitting to his left, eating breakfast, while Bubbles does the dishes. The car keys are on the table, to the Professor's right.
Blossom says: "Hey, Professor!"
Blossom says: "What are you gonna do for Career Day tomorrow?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
As she pesters him, the pincer reaches into view unnoticed and grabs the keys. When she quiets down, he lowers his paper and shoots her a stern, secretive smile.
Professor says: "All right, time for school."
(He feels on the table where the keys were. Their absence surprises him. Back to the present says: "he is still holding them in the pincer and looking down at them thoughtfully."
(He feels on the table where the keys were. Their absence surprises him. Back to the present says: ")"
Professor says: "Hmmm, so that's where they went."
Professor says: "Well, are there any questions?"
Pull back to just behind where Mary was sitting. Mojo is now wearing her dress, and he raises his hand.
Professor says: "Yes, you in the back row."
In a head-on view, we now see that Mojo has donned the girl's glasses as well. When he speaks, he adopts a rough approximation of her voice - back up to "Ice Sore" or "Mojo Jonesin'" to hear it. He continues in this manner until otherwise noted.
Mojo says: "Um, Professor Utonium, I have a question."
Professor says: "Yes, Mary?"
Mojo says: "Golly, I was just wondering..."
Mojo says: "um..."
Professor says: "Go on."
Professor says: "Don't be shy."
Mojo says: "Well, can you set your machine to any time?"
Professor says: "Certainly."
Professor says: "That's what these knobs are for."
Mojo says: "And any place?"
Professor says: "Well, yes."
Professor says: "These knobs over here determine the spatial coordinates."
Mojo says: "..."
Mojo says: "in science in the first place?"
Blossom, Bubbles, and the Professor seem a bit uneasy at this particular line of questioning now. Buttercup still seems at ease and is paying attention to the presentation.
Blossom says: "Professor?"
Professor says: "Yes, Blossom?"
Mojo says: "But I was not finished with MY QUESTIONS!!!"
He breathes hard for a moment and sounds as if he is about to blow his cover. Everybody looks nervously at him.
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom, Mary's right."
Ms. Keane says: "Let her finish..."
Ms. Keane says: "..."
Ms. Keane says: "and then you can ask your question."
The camera follows Blossom as she sinks angrily to the floor and sits next to her sisters.
Blossom says: "Hmph!"
Back to the front of the crowd. Mojo is even closer to exposing his own charade.
Mojo says: "Professor!"
Mojo says: "Can you set it to that particular time and place?"
Professor says: "Um, yes."
Mojo says: "Can you do it now?"
Mojo says: "Right now?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Professor says: "Sure."
He swiftly adjusts the controls, shifting from one side of the Time Portal to the other as he does so. Finally, he presses a button on the top corner and turns to Mojo. The camera has now shifted to just behind the man's shoulder.
Professor says: "Done!"
Mojo says: "It's set, then?"
Professor says: "Yes!"
Professor says: "Is that all, Mary?!"
Professor says: "!"
Mojo now returns to his normal voice. He has ditched the glasses.
Mojo says: "Yes!"
Mojo says: "That's all, Professor Utonium!"
He laughs and tears away Mary's dress, revealing his identity. Now he leaps toward the front of the room.
Girls says: "Mojo!"
(He dives past the Professor says: "it is a small window that reads "VACANT" initially."
disappears into the static on the Time Portal's viewscreen before anyone can even attempt to stop or intercept him says: "it is a small window that reads "VACANT" initially."
which promptly goes dark. All the controls fold back in says: "it is a small window that reads "VACANT" initially."
except for one small square piece low on the right side. Close-up of this says: "it is a small window that reads "VACANT" initially."
(He dives past the Professor says: "This switches to "OCCUPIED," much in the fashion of an airplane lavatory or on the door of a portable restroom."
disappears into the static on the Time Portal's viewscreen before anyone can even attempt to stop or intercept him says: "This switches to "OCCUPIED," much in the fashion of an airplane lavatory or on the door of a portable restroom."
which promptly goes dark. All the controls fold back in says: "This switches to "OCCUPIED," much in the fashion of an airplane lavatory or on the door of a portable restroom."
except for one small square piece low on the right side. Close-up of this says: "This switches to "OCCUPIED," much in the fashion of an airplane lavatory or on the door of a portable restroom."
(He dives past the Professor says: ")"
disappears into the static on the Time Portal's viewscreen before anyone can even attempt to stop or intercept him says: ")"
which promptly goes dark. All the controls fold back in says: ")"
except for one small square piece low on the right side. Close-up of this says: ")"
The girls fly straight at the Time Portal, but crash into it without effect. All three start assaulting the apparatus - Blossom with her eye lasers, Bubbles with punches, Buttercup with attempts to pull the controls out.
Blossom says: "You come back here!"
The Professor walks up behind them and restrains Blossom. The other two continue for a moment as he speaks.
Professor says: "Whoa, girls!"
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "which is a little more complicated than transporting a hat or a set of keys, so it could take a little longer."
Professor says: "Really, I'm not even sure if he'll survive."
Professor says: "It could be a rough trip through the..."
He walks o.c.. Cut to the girls, who look a bit apprehensive now.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "fifth dimension!"
Girls says: "The fifth dimension?"
He walks up to a maze and holds up a white mouse as he continues.
Professor says: "Yes."
Professor says: "That's how the Time Portal works."
Overhead view of the mouse now in the maze.
Professor says: "With no idea there's a third dimension that it can move in."
Close-up of the mouse as it is set down by a piece of cheese in the opposite corner of the maze. It begins to nibble happily.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "in a four-dimensional world, seemingly trapped by space and time."
Back to the board. The camera moves to another diagram in the opposite corner as he continues.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "through the fifth dimension!"
[Note' says: "This explanation is very similar to the working of the "tesseract" in the Madeleine L'Engle book A Wrinkle in Time."
The scene cuts to Mojo rocketing down a square corridor. He has his hands clapped to his eyes in terror, and his color is entirely gone - the entire scene looks as if it was constructed from pencil drawings on butcher paper. He uncovers his eyes to see what is around him. Now his lips peel back from his teeth as if he were riding a high-speed roller coaster. He screams weirdly and is pushed o.c., his legs flailing beneath him.
Now the view shifts to outside the corridor, which is made of square frames and spirals off into the distance. He hurtles through at an insane velocity, screaming all the while, and is finally ejected from its end toward a slowly rotating spiral in an endless black void. He floats above this for a few moments before being sucked into the vortex, which is reflected in his eyes. As his cries reach a new plateau of hysteria, the camera zooms in on one eye, whose pupil resolves into a square - the "OCCUPIED" window of the Time Portal. A sudden silence, and it switches to "VACANT.".
Pull back. Now we have returned to the present. The other controls begin to extend themselves from the frame again now that the portal is useable.
Professor says: "Ah!"
Professor says: "Looks like he made it."
Blossom says: "All right, Professor."
Blossom says: "We're going in!"
Buttercup says: "We'll bring him back before he can do any damage!"
Professor says: "Oh, I hope so."
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "that could have consequences as drastic as anything Mojo might cause."
Blossom says: "Aye-aye, Professor."
Blossom says: "No superpowers."
The machine kicks into gear again.
Blossom says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Come on, girls."
Blossom says: "Hold hands."
Bubbles takes one of Buttercup's hands. Blossom reaches for the other. Side view of the Time Portal, with Blossom floating right in front of it.
Blossom says: "Here we go!"
They enter. The camera pans right slightly to show the butcher-paper view inside. Bubbles looks back over her shoulder. Her next line starts off sounding normal, but her words become distorted as she is pulled in.
Bubbles says: "Bye-bye, Professor."
Professor says: "Good luck, girls."
His image recedes from view, and the girls hurtle down the corridor toward the camera. They pass it, and after a long moment, the scene shifts to an ordinary hallway, the camera pointing up toward the ceiling. A square distortion opens between the fluorescent overhead lights, and Mojo floats slowly out of this before tumbling headlong to the floor. The colors seem a bit washed out compared to what we know of him and Townsville. When he stands up, we can see a notice on a bulletin board behind him, with 1959 written in big numerals at its top. Judging from this fact, he has gone some four decades into the past.
Mojo says: "What's this?"
He stands in front of the notice, which bears the words "1959 YEARBOOKS SIGN UP!" Now we know that the scene is a school building.
Mojo says: "1959?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Mojo says: "Ha-ha!"
Mojo says: "It worked!"
Mojo says: "Now, where is he?"
He starts off down the hall, which has lockers on both sides and a banner for that year's homecoming strung up at the end. A voice brings him up short - it is a teacher addressing her students.
Teacher says: "Good."
Teacher says: "Mr."
Teacher says: "Utonium, can you please get the lights?"
A set of footsteps, the door's window goes dark, and the footsteps recede. Now a flickering light is seen - the movie projector has started up. Cut to just inside the door. Mojo hauls himself into view, wearing an expression of demonic glee. Snap to black.
Part Two.