Narrator says: "The city of Townsville…where the best-laid plans of mice and men—"
Narrator says: "or girls—"
Narrator says: "can sometimes go awry."
Fade to black.
Professor says: "BUBBLES!"
Pull back in quick steps. The black is the inside of his mouth; he stands at the front door of the girls’ house, yelling up at the camera. We see the whole house, the subdivision, the city, and finally the entire planet from outer space. A corner of a piece of machinery is visible at left; pan slowly to this. It is a U.S. space satellite undergoing repairs thanks to the girls—Bubbles and Buttercup are using their eye lasers to do a little spot welding, while Blossom holds the satellite steady. They wear the spacesuits they used in “Uh Oh Dynamo.”.
Blossom says: "Boy!"
Blossom says: "What’d you do this time?"
Bubbles looks back at Earth worriedly. Dissolve to the living room; in the foreground, the Professor’s hand is visible on the arm of a chair. He taps his finger impatiently. Bubbles pokes her head around the doorframe.
Bubbles says: "Yes, Professor?"
Professor says: "Come here, Bubbles."
She floats slowly into the room, looking around herself nervously, and lands in front of him. The camera turns up to his face, composed and very severe.
Professor says: "Bubbles, what did we talk about yesterday?"
Bubbles says: "Uh…put away my toys after I play with them?"
Professor says: "No, dear."
Professor says: "The other thing."
Bubbles says: "Oh."
Professor says: "…what are these?"
Pull back; they stand on opposite sides of the footwear. Long pause.
Bubbles says: "Shoes?"
Professor says: "I know they’re shoes, but what’s in the shoes?"
She looks down o.c.; overhead view of the shoes. Two eyes look back from within each. Close-up of the shoes as two small mice pop their heads up. Bubbles leans into view.
Bubbles says: "Why it’s Mr."
Bubbles says: "and Mrs."
Bubbles says: "Squeakers."
Bubbles says: "They live in your sneakers."
Close-up of the Professor, somewhat nonplussed. Pull back to bring Bubbles into view.
Professor says: "That’s just the problem, Bubbles."
During the next line, cut to the doorway—with Blossom and Buttercup poking their heads around the frame—and then back to him.
Professor says: "This has been going on for a while, and I think we—"
He cuts himself off and looks toward the camera. Back to the doorway; the two girls duck out of sight.
Professor says: "Blossom, Buttercup, you need to hear this too."
They float into the room. Cut to all four; Bubbles still has the mice on her head.
Professor says: "Okay, now I know you mean well, but you must stop bringing all these animals home."
Bubbles says: "But it was only two little mice."
He stands up and walks o.c. He stops at a door in the corner of the room and opens it. A herd of small animals—snakes, bats, turtles, ducks, and a few other exotic critters—runs out and swarms past the girls. Bubbles giggles nervously; cut to her perspective of the others, all glaring crossly at her, and back to her. The smile fades, and the Professor kneels to talk to her.
Professor says: "Oh, Bubbles."
Professor says: "I understand that you want to keep all these animals, but you just can’t."
Professor says: "They need to be free, not locked up in a closet."
Professor says: "So you have to let them go."
Professor says: "Okay, honey?"
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Professor says: "Now run along."
Blossom says: "Ooooo!"
Buttercup says: "Ooooo!"
Blossom says: "Busted!"
Buttercup says: "Busted!"
Blossom says: "Yeah?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah?"
Professor says: "No more animals!"
Fade to black.
Fade into a quick pan alongside the city skyline. The girls fly into view after a moment; the mice are no longer on Bubbles’ head.
Blossom says: "Everything looks good here."
Blossom says: "Let’s split up and do one final sweep before heading home."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, check the hills."
Blossom says: "Bubbles, check the coast."
These two fly o.c. in opposite directions while she continues straight ahead. We see a quick flash of them soaring over their assigned territories. Fade to black.
We hear a door close; snap to an extreme close-up of its knob. One of the girls’ hands turns a key in the lock. Pull back to show Bubbles at the door, in the house.
Bubbles says: "Phew!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles, what’s going on?"
Bubbles says: "I didn’t bring anything home."
The others look at each other as if to say, “I told you so.”.
Blossom says: "All right, Bubbles, what animal do you have hiding in there?"
Bubbles says: "He’s not an animal!"
She opens the door. Cut to inside the bedroom; the girls are now just inside the doorway. A huge blue head has been stuffed in through one of the windows; the ceiling is cracked.
Bubbles says: "He’s a mammal!"
Cut to the exterior of the house, with the remainder of the creature poking out and hanging down in front. It is a blue whale.
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, the whale appears in a different window."
In the bedroom, the animal’s eyes follow the girls’ conversation.
Blossom says: "You brought home a whale?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "No, a baby whale."
Buttercup says: "When Professor gets home, he’s gonna have a cow!"
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "A baby whale!"
Blossom says: "Whale, cow, what’s the difference?"
Blossom says: "Professor said no more animals!"
Bubbles says: "But you don’t understand!"
Bubbles says: "I was checking out the coast like you told me to when all of a sudden I heard this faint cry coming from the shore."
Bubbles says: "So I went to investigate, and there was this baby whale washed up on the beach."
Bubbles says: "I felt so bad ’cause he looked all sad."
Bubbles says: "And then I thought, “I’ll bring him home!"
Bubbles says: "” Then I thought, “No, ’cause Professor said, ‘Animals don’t like being locked up in closets."
Bubbles says: "’” Then I thought,  “He’ll never fit in a closet!"
Bubbles says: "” So here we are."
The eyes turn back to Blossom and Buttercup. Head-on view of them.
Blossom says: "Bubbles, you’ve really done it this—"
Cut to a cash register; a purchase is being rung up. Back to the two girls, cocking their heads.
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Blossom says: "Did you hear that?"
A customer’s hand—the Professor’s—takes a bag from the cashier. He leaves the store, stepping into the parking lot of the Townsville Mall, and climbs into his car. Now he starts the engine—a quick shot of the girls screaming—and pulls out into traffic.
Girls says: "Professor’s coming home!"
In the bedroom, Blossom and Buttercup race back and forth, panicking.
Bubbles says: "You’ve gotta help me hide him!"
Buttercup says: "Why?"
Buttercup says: "Maybe he won’t notice."
The exterior of the house; the whale is pulled in through the window. Close-up of Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "How about here?"
Pull back; it is on their bed, with the blanket and pillows draped over it.
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "That won’t do!"
Blossom carries the whale away. Close-up of her.
Blossom says: "This’ll be perfect!"
Pull back; now it is behind the bookcase, lamp, and chair in the living room.
Bubbles says: "Uh-uh!"
Bubbles says: "Try somewhere else!"
Blossom pulls the whale until it is behind the coffee table.
Bubbles says: "I got it!"
She grabs the whale; from outside, we see it being pushed out the bedroom window tail first.
Blossom says: "No way!"
Buttercup says: "No way!"
The Professor continues his drive home. Inside the house, Buttercup has an idea.
Buttercup says: "Aha!"
She flies the whale down the stairs and o.c.; a rumble shakes the camera. Now it is in the kitchen, with her next to it.
Buttercup says: "Here!"
One at a time, the girls carry it to a quick series of hiding places.
Blossom says: "No!"
Blossom says: "Here!"
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "Here!"
Buttercup says: "No…  Here!"
Blossom says: "No, here!"
Bubbles says: "No, here!"
Buttercup says: "No, here!"
Blossom says: "No…  Here!"
Blossom says: "No!"
Buttercup says: "No!"
Back to the girls in the bedroom.
Blossom says: "It’s no use."
Blossom says: "We’re caught."
Blossom says: "Hook, line, and sinker."
Buttercup says: "What’s wrong, little guy?"
Pull back quickly; the whale is next to them, now gray and very sickly. It lets off a pained little cry. Cut to Bubbles in flight, carrying a glass of water.
Bubbles says: "He needs water!"
Bubbles says: "Gangway!"
She flies up and dumps the water over the whale, but with no effect.
Blossom says: "It’s not enough, Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "I’ll get another glass!"
Blossom says: "No, he needs to be in a really big place with a whole lot of water."
Her sisters throw each other a glance. A moment later, she finds herself being pulled across the room by Bubbles, with Buttercup toting the whale and bringing up the rear. A crash is heard o.c.; close-up of the whale’s face, with Blossom in front of it.
Blossom says: "No way!"
Blossom says: "Not there!"
Bubbles says: "Come on."
Bubbles says: "It’s perfect!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, and if Professor not only sees a whale in the house but an old dried-up whale, especially when we’re all about saving the day and stuff, he’s gonna FREAK!"
Blossom says: "Okay, but still, where would we get that much water?"
Inside the lab, Blossom is hauled in and held at the top of the steps.
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Buttercup kicks her in the stomach, causing her to expel a gust of ice breath that frosts the whole room over. Now Buttercup cuts loose with her eye lasers; pan slowly to the far end and stop. The screen fills with water, and the whale splashes into view, instantly becoming blue and healthy again.
In the hall, the door slams. Bubbles and Buttercup lean against it, Blossom floating above them.
Bubbles says: "Phew!"
Buttercup says: "Phew!"
Blossom says: "You coulda just asked."
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "I’m home!"
They poke their heads around the corner, one by one, in time with the next lines.
Blossom says: "Professor!"
Buttercup says: "How was—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "your day?"
Professor says: "Beached Whale!"
Girls says: "What?"
Professor says: "But thanks to these babies, all that’s gonna change!"
Professor says: "Check ’em out."
Camera turns down to his feet, now clad in a pair of very new and expensive-looking running shoes. They squeak slightly when he steps back and forth; the girls bend down to look at them.
Professor says: "That’s right."
Professor says: "No more equations and quantum theories for me!"
Professor says: "Now I’m a jogging fool!"
Professor says: "Think I’ll dash around the block."
The girls applaud this idea, and he makes a beeline for the door. Just as he is about to open it, he stops short and looks down toward the shoes.
Professor says: "But something puzzles me."
Zoom in on one foot; he raises and lowers his heel, and a light in the sole flashes as he does so.
Girls says: "Wait, Professor!"
Head-on view of him; they fly up one by one in the background.
Blossom says: "What—"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "about—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "exercise?"
Professor says: "You’re right."
Professor says: "I think I’ll run."
He jogs off down the hall; the girls look at each other with fear and go after him. Blossom catches up with him first.
Blossom says: "Um…um…I memorized the encyclopedia set today."
Head-on view of him; now Buttercup flies up behind.
Buttercup says: "Uh, hey, Professor!"
Buttercup says: "Uh…I lifted twelve city buses today."
Professor says: "Way to go, Buttercup, but I gotta move!"
His perspective, approaching the lab door. Bubbles flies up in front of him.
Bubbles says: "Did I tell you I love you today?"
Professor says: "Just did, thanks."
Professor says: "See you!"
Bubbles’ sisters fly up and hover near her. The lab door is opened o.c., followed by a loud splash.
Professor says: "BUBBLES!"
More splashing and sloshing is heard; cut to his feet and turn up slowly. He is sopping wet and looking very much as if he has just had the last straw. The girls fly up in front of him.
Bubbles says: "Professor, you’re all wet!"
She screams and points past him toward the open lab door. The whale’s eyes are visible above the water.
Bubbles says: "There’s a killer whale in the house!"
Bubbles says: "I’ll…save…you?"
Professor says: "Like you wanted to save the whale?"
Bubbles says: "Yes."
Bubbles says: "You wouldn’t do that!"
Professor says: "Oh, of course not."
Professor says: "But you’d feel terrible, wouldn’t you?"
Bubbles says: "Yes."
Professor says: "Look, I know you love all these animals and you want to take care of them."
Bubbles says: "But—"
Professor says: "But, if you really love them, you must set them free, so they can return to their family that loves them."
Professor says: "Understand?"
Professor says: "Now I think we both know what you need to do."
Cut to the exterior of the house; Bubbles takes off, carrying the whale.
Professor says: "Buttercup, Blossom—"
Professor says: "get a bucket."
Dissolve to the sun setting on the water. We hear seagulls calling softly to one another and the waves breaking gently on the shore. Turn down slowly to show Bubbles on the beach, her back to the camera and a long shadow stretching behind her. The whale looks sadly back at her from a short distance away.
Bubbles says: "But I’m sure gonna miss you anyway."
Close-up of her, now facing the camera and waving goodbye. She looks just about as sad as she did when the girls were ready to give up the superhero business after getting thumped by the Rowdyruff Boys.
Bubbles says: "Goodbye…forever."
Pull back from her; the whale is swimming away from shore, with two larger ones—its parents—flanking it. After they are gone, the Professor’s words echo in Bubbles’ mind.
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "you must set them free."
Her face brightens. Cut to the living room; the Professor and the other girls are watching TV. He now wears a bathrobe—with a pocket for his pens—and a towel around his wet hair.
Blossom says: "Is Bubbles gonna be grounded?"
Buttercup says: "Are we gonna be grounded?"
Professor says: "No, nobody’s gonna be grounded."
Professor says: "Everybody makes mistakes, and I’m sure Bubbles has learned her lesson."
A news report begins; their eyes go wide.
Reporter says: "News flash!"
Reporter says: "Something is up at the Townsville Zoo!"
The camera shakes, and the trumpeting of elephants is heard. Cut to outside the front door. The  Professor opens it, the camera still shaking and trembling.
Professor says: "BUBBLES!"
Pull back quickly to the street. A herd of large animals—elephants, giraffes, zebras, lions, and a few other exotic critters—thunders past the house. Bubbles flies into view overhead.
Bubbles says: "Free!"
Bubbles says: "Free!"
Bubbles says: "Free!"
Bubbles says: "You’re all free!"
The background for the end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Oh, Professor!"
Narrator says: "When are you gonna learn you can’t teach an old dog new tricks?"
Narrator says: "So once again the day, and every critter, varmint, and creature, are saved—"
The girls appear in their usual pose.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
They are replaced by Bubbles alone, looking sweetly at the camera.
Narrator says: "Especially everlovin’ Bubbles."