He is interrupted by a very agitated Mayor as the camera pulls back to show the scene framed in the office window.
Mayor says: "Never mind all that hoo-ha!"
Mayor says: "I got an emergency!"
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls, help!"
Freeze frame of two men robbing a bank; they resemble Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble.
Mayor says: "The bank is being burgled by barefoot bandits!"
Freeze frame of the girls beating the robbers into submission.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls, help!"
Freeze frame of a dinosaur in the city streets; it breathes fire as townspeople panic.
Mayor says: "A dinosaur is destroying downtown!"
Freeze frame of Buttercup and Bubbles tying the beast’s legs in a knot while Blossom uses her ice breath on it.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls, help!"
Freeze frame of a large, ugly girl in a baby-doll dress, carrying buckets of jewelry; She is based on Jill from Jack and Jill.
Mayor says: "Jewels are being jacked by Jill!"
Freeze frame of the girls beating the robber with the buckets.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Mayor says: "… Powerpuff Girls!"
Mayor says: "… Powerpuff Girls!"
The line echoes as the screen is tiled with smaller images of the Mayor holding the phone. Cut to an extreme close-up of him wiping his forehead, then pull back to show him at his desk.
Mayor says: "Pheeeew!"
Mayor says: "What a day, eh, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum?"
The camera pulls back again on the end of this line, and we see the back of a fat woman with curly red-orange hair and wearing a red dress. The strings of an apron are tied at her waist. The Mayor does a double take when he sees that this is not Ms. Bellum, his trusted assistant.
Mayor says: "Who the heck are you?!"
Mayor says: "!"
(Across the desk says: "a hairy chin, big nose with a wart on it, serious five o'clock shadow."
we see the woman. Her face is repulsive at best says: "a hairy chin, big nose with a wart on it, serious five o'clock shadow."
(Across the desk says: "She has a mop and bucket next to her."
we see the woman. Her face is repulsive at best says: "She has a mop and bucket next to her."
(Across the desk says: ")"
we see the woman. Her face is repulsive at best says: ")"
Cleaning lady says: "I'm the nighttime cleaning staff."
Mayor says: "Well, you’re in kinda early, then."
Mayor says: "We don't pay overtime, you know."
Cleaning lady says: "It's 11:30."
Mayor says: "11:30?!"
Mayor says: "!"
Cleaning lady says: "Do you really believe that you are responsible for keeping this town safe?!"
Cleaning lady says: "!"
Cleaning lady says: "You, little man, are nothing but a political beard hiding behind the real head of this town!"
Mayor says: "Uh-- Who?"
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum?"
Cleaning lady says: "No!"
Cleaning lady says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Cleaning lady says: "They’re the ones busting their butts and risking their lives out there in the mess, while you sit here in the comfort of your easy chair!"
Cleaning lady says: "Oh!"
Cleaning lady says: "Well, pardon me!"
Cleaning lady says: "If anything should happen to your dialing finger!"
The door slams behind her, then opens a moment later. She sticks her head in.
Cleaning lady says: "P."
Cleaning lady says: "S."
Cleaning lady says: ", I didn't vote for you."
The door slams again. Cut to the Mayor, now boiling mad.
Mayor says: "Ooh, I'll show her!"
Mayor says: "I'll have the Powerpuff Girls beat her up!"
He picks up the receiver and flexes his fingers, but stops himself from pushing the button to dial them up. It is at this moment he realizes she is right. A disgruntled look comes into his eye as he hangs up. Long pause. We see the phone flung against the wall, smashing to pieces, as the Mayor screams off-camera. He has just snapped. He slams his head on the desk and begins tearing up the office and pulling his own hair out. Slow pan across the room; everything is now in shambles, and the Mayor is lying on the floor in the middle of the destruction. Fade to black.
Snap to the office door. It opens and Ms. Bellum steps in, carrying a cup of coffee. She gasps and drops the cup when she sees the wrecked room and the Mayor at the remains of his desk.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, are you all right?!"
Ms. Bellum says: "!"
Mayor says: "All right?"
Mayor says: "All right?!"
Mayor says: "!"
Mayor says: "I feel great!"
Mayor says: "In fact, I’ve never felt better IN MY LIFE!!"
Mayor says: "I’m glad you’re here, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum, 'cause it’s time to get to work!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Work?"
Ms. Bellum says: "What work?"
Mayor says: "ENOUGH OF YOUR SILLY TALK!!"
Mayor says: "It's time to seize the helm, baby!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Uh-- Do you want me to leave for that?"
Mayor says: "To the roof, my good woman!"
He jumps down off the desk and climbs the stairs. Cut to the roof; a hatch opens and he steps out, laughing, with Ms. Bellum behind him.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, where are we going?"
Mayor says: "Patience, woman, you’ll know soon enough!"
We see a hot-air balloon tethered to the roof. It has a purple and yellow check pattern and is decorated with ribbons and sashes.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, what's about to happen?"
Mayor says: "I'm glad you asked that question, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "What's about to happen is, I..."
Mayor says: "Keep an eye on things for me, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
He jumps into the balloon and ducks down, coming up in a WWI aviator helmet and bomber jacket.
Mayor says: "As you wish."
Mayor says: "You can be my trusty sidekick!"
Mayor says: "And away we go!"
The mouth of the balloon, which hid Ms. Bellum’s face when she climbed in, will do so for the rest of this episode. The balloon floats up o.c. Pan across the city as it moves along.
Mayor says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Mayor says: "Higher!"
Mayor says: "Farther!"
Mayor says: "Faster!"
Mayor says: "Citizens of Townsville, do not fear!"
Mayor says: "Your Mayor is here!"
Mayor says: "From up here I can see everything!"
Mayor says: "All of Townsville will be under my watchful eye!"
Ms. Bellum says: "But, sir, what could you possibly do to protect Townsville while floating at the mercy of every stray wind in a hopelessly unguidable hot-air balloon?"
Ms. Bellum says: ""Smarty Face?"
He comes up with a spyglass.
Mayor says: "The opening chapter in a book called "Justice"!"
Mayor says: "With this new-fangled close-up seeing contraption, I can close in on despicable crime-committers committing crimes despicably!"
He rummages around again for a moment.
Mayor says: "And with this!"
He holds up a boxing glove on an extendable arm. Close-up of this.
Mayor says: "Bullseye!"
Cut to the view through his spyglass as he scans the town.
Mayor says: "Things seem to be quiet in Townsville Park."
A scream is heard. Close-up of him, still looking through the spyglass.
Mayor says: "Hark!"
(Spyglass view says: "a mugger holding an old woman at knifepoint."
(Spyglass view says: ")"
Mayor says: "A heinous act!"
Mayor says: "Take this, no-gooder!"
On the end of this line, the camera shifts to ride with the glove toward the mugger. The blow connects; freeze frame of him falling to the ground. Cut to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Mayor says: "Direct hit!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Yaaaay!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Wow, Mayor, I'm impressed!"
Ms. Bellum says: "I mean, I have my doubts, but you have a real knack for this."
The balloon floats over the city.
Mayor says: "Oh, crime fighting's a breeze."
Mayor says: "You just have to know where to look."
(Spyglass view says: "a man breaking into a car."
(Spyglass view says: ")"
Mayor says: "Like the mall parking lot!"
Mayor says: "Oh, no, you don't..."
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "Mr."
Mayor says: "Grand Theft Auto!"
On the end of this line, cut to behind the thief as he turns around in surprise.
Mayor says: "Eat leather fist!"
The thief is knocked through the car window. Close-up of the Mayor, shouting in triumph.
Mayor says: "Two for two!"
Mayor says: "Hmmm…at this rate, we won’t need those girls anymore!"
Mayor says: "But I digress."
Mayor says: "Crime is afoot, and I am here to give a hand in fighting it!"
Mayor says: "Forward, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum!"
The balloon floats o.c. in the opposite direction. Cut to a man walking down the street.
Man says: "Hey, I’m thirsty!"
Man says: "Convenient!"
Man says: "I'll take some lemonade, kids."
He drinks it down and drops the cup toward a trash can at his feet. It bounces off the rim and lands on the ground. There is a sudden crash; freeze frame of the man and the lemonade stand being smashed by the Equalizer.
Mayor says: "Take that, litterbug!"
(Cut to a construction worker at an ATM. Close-up of the screen says: "“INSERT DEPOSIT."
(Cut to a construction worker at an ATM. Close-up of the screen says: "” He inserts a check into the slot; side view of him, receiving a stack of cash from the machine."
(Cut to a construction worker at an ATM. Close-up of the screen says: ")"
Worker says: "Finally, my first paycheck."
Worker says: "Now I can pay all those bills!"
Another impact is heard. Freeze frame of him being hit over the head by the Equalizer. The money flies everywhere. Close-up of Ms. Bellum.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, that guy was only making a withdrawal from his account!"
Quick pan to him, looking through the spyglass.
Mayor says: "No time for small talk now!"
Mayor says: "I’ve got crimes to bust!"
Cut to a boxing ring, where a fight is in progress.
White boxer says: "Hey, what’s that behind you?"
Black boxer says: "Who?"
Black boxer says: "What?"
Black boxer says: "Where?"
Freeze frame of him taking an Equalizer blow to the head. Cut back to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Mayor says: "That'll keep you ruffians at bay!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, those people are paid to fight."
Ms. Bellum says: "They’re boxers!"
Mayor says: "Ooh, look, more criming!"
He starts punching in all directions as Ms. Bellum tries to stop him, to no avail.
Mayor says: "Take this!"
Mayor says: "And some of this!"
Mayor says: "And a little of that!"
Mayor says: "And how about some of this?"
Mayor says: "And maybe one of these?"
Mayor says: "Vile scum!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, those are tourists!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Sorry!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Please visit again soon!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, control yourself!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Please stop!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, don’t!"
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "The Mayor's gone stark raving mad!"
Narrator says: "Where are the Powerpuff Girls when you need them?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Cut to a close-up of the hotline, completely silent. Pull back to show Blossom behind it in the girls' bedroom, looking down at it worriedly.
Blossom says: "Our phone hasn’t rung all day…  You guys!"
Blossom says: "It hasn’t rung all day!"
On the end of this line, pan from her to the TV. Bubbles and Buttercup are playing a video game with the characters from Puppet Pals; all we see of them are the backs of their heads over their beanbag chairs. Clem is being hit repeatedly over the head by Mitch.
Buttercup says: "So what?"
Buttercup says: "You know that the Mayor always calls when something is wrong."
Blossom says: "But that's just it!"
Blossom says: "The Mayor always calls, and he hasn't today."
Blossom says: "That's what's so weird."
Blossom says: "I think something’s wrong."
She returns to the phone. Cut to in front of Bubbles and Buttercup, still playing. Buttercup is clearly having the better game.
Buttercup says: "Yeah, yeah."
Buttercup says: "All I know is, I'm bonking up a new high score!"
Bubbles says: "Blossom's right."
Bubbles says: "He does always call."
Bubbles says: "Maybe we should call him."
Blossom says: "I'll give it a try."
She picks up the receiver, but gets a recording that startles her.
Recording says: "We're sorry, the number you have reached has been disconnected."
Recording says: "Please hang up and try again."
Buttercup says: "Come on, you worrywarts!"
Buttercup says: "You're ruining my concentration!"
Buttercup says: "Let's just fly to the Mayor's office and I'll prove everything's okay."
Dissolve to a slow pan across the office, still trashed from the Mayor's earlier rampage—this is the girls’ perspective.
Buttercup says: "See?"
Buttercup says: "I..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "told you everything would be okay."
Blossom and Bubbles glare at her for her belief that everything would be fine when it is clear it wasn't; she appears puzzled.
Buttercup says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Something wrong has obviously happened here, and we're gonna find out!"
Cut to a city street; people are running in all directions and screaming. The girls fly into view, watching from the sky, then zoom down to stop a man.
Blossom says: "WAIT!"
Blossom says: "What's going on here?"
Blossom says: "We're looking for the Mayor."
Blossom says: "Running from the Mayor?"
They look up o.c. and gasp; the camera points straight up to show the balloon descending. The Mayor is once again laughing insanely.
Mayor says: "This town is clean!"
Blossom says: "Mayor!"
Blossom says: "What in blazes are you doing?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Girls!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Thank goodness you’re here!"
Mayor says: "Oh no, you don’t, you little glory hogs!"
Mayor says: "This is my parade!"
Mayor says: "Now get back!"
He starts trying to hit the girls with the Equalizer. Close-up of Blossom, dodging punches.
Blossom says: "Mayor!"
Blossom says: "What..."
Blossom says: "are..."
Blossom says: "you doing?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Mayor says: "This is my town, and I’m gonna be the hero of my town, so get!"
He launches another punch; the camera follows the glove as the girls dodge it. It smashes through a hangar window and enters a military command post, finally slamming into a big red button labeled "THE BUTTON." Buzzers and red strobe lights go off. Outside, a missile launcher rotates into position, and its tubes open up. Cut to inside the post again. Now a high-ranking official is in the foreground, and a junior officer is farther back. The main readout screen displays the message "MISSILES LAUNCHING.".
Junior officer says: "Sir, our missiles are launchin' and there’s nothin' we can do!"
Four missiles roar into the sky, with the girls in hot pursuit. Buttercup catches up to one and tears its fuselage away, and the innards fall out of the sky. Bubbles uses her ultrasonic scream against another; it turns tail and runs, disappearing into the sky. Blossom, yelling like a cowboy, is riding a third as if it were a bucking bronco. She turns it away from Townsville and steers it into the water. The last one continues unchecked towards the city. Close-up of the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, that last missile is about to destroy Townsville!"
Mayor says: "This looks like a job for…  …the Equalizer!"
Pull back on the end of this line to show the glove sailing over the landscape. Quick shots of terrified townspeople as the missile descend on them. Cut to a dog sitting in the park.
Narrator says: "Run, pooch, run!"
Narrator says: "Oh, I can't bear to watch!"
Close-up of the dog. It shows no response until the missile’s shadow falls over it and it takes notice of it; then it cowers in fear. The sound of the girls flying in is heard, then a loud clang. Pull back quickly to show them holding the missile just above ground level. Now the dog wags its tail happily; cut to a slow pan across a cheering crowd. One of them points into the sky.
Pointing man says: "Hey, what’s that?"
Quick shot of the Equalizer sailing through the air. The girls look up in dismay just before it hits the missile and a huge explosion fills the screen. When it subsides, we see that Townsville is in ruins. Slow pan across the wreckage, then cut to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum, still in the balloon and floating just above the ground. The girls, now medium well done, are around them with various looks of disgust, anger, and disbelief on their faces. The Mayor, however, is now guilt-ridden and back to his normal state-of-mind after having unintentionally destroyed his own city in a bid to protect it.
Mayor says: "Oh, I'm sorry, girls."
Mayor says: "I just wanted to save the town myself for once."
Mayor says: "I really wanted to help out."
Bubbles says: "But you can help out."
Mayor says: "I can?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "It can be your job to sit on your duff and call us when there's trouble."
Mayor says: "Really?"
Mayor says: "That sounds hard."
Mayor says: "You-- you think I can?"
Blossom says: "Of course you can."
Blossom says: "So what do you say?"
Mayor says: "Mmmm..."
Mayor says: "I'll do it!"
Narrator says: "Probably be a lot better off."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"