Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, where it's a petty world out there, and petty crime is at an all-time high."
Narrator says: "Which leads us to the question of who, who could be picking the pockets of the unsuspecting citizens of Townsville?"
On this last, cut to the exterior of a townhouse. The door and windows are somewhat above the ground, and the camera is at their level. A female voice with a heavy Gypsy accent speaks up.
Madame Argentina says: "Why, me, of course."
Narrator says: "Who said that?"
A hand is lifted into view to mark the source of the voice - just below camera level, apparently a very short woman.
Madame Argentina says: "Down here."
(Turn down to the sidewalk to show her in close-up says: "a short, large-nosed Gypsy with large gold hoop earrings and a matching belt."
(Turn down to the sidewalk to show her in close-up says: "A valise sits on the ground next to her."
(Turn down to the sidewalk to show her in close-up says: ")"
Narrator says: "You?"
Madame Argentina says: "Yes, me, Madame Argentina, psychic, medium, and just plain all-around baddy."
Madame Argentina says: "And this is my sidekick, Fred."
Fred says: "Hello."
Narrator says: "Well, it looks as if the profits aren't enough for this prophet."
Narrator says: "She's using fortune-telling to take fortunes."
Madame Argentina says: "Ain't I a stinker?"
Cut to an archetypical 19th-century wealthy businessman, in appropriate clothing complete with top hat. He stands in his home and shows his turned-out pockets to the camera worriedly.
Narrator says: "I think Phil Anthropist, the wealthy charitable donor, would agree with that."
Cut to a distraught Japanese fellow. Clad in a business suit, he stands in his office and holds up an empty briefcase.
Narrator says: "And Sosumi Blind, the famous Japanese lawyer, would too."
A shortish elderly man glares toward the camera. He holds a large horseshoe magnet and steams silently; behind him are crates of these items.
Narrator says: "Not to mention Mr."
Narrator says: "Polar Fields, the magnet magnate."
Now all three stand together and look angrily at us; there is nothing in their hands, and Anthropist's pockets are back in.
Narrator says: "For these are but a few of Townsville's citizens who've been robbed by this elusive and rather vertically-challenged psychic,  which is why the newspapers this day read, "Small, Medium, at Large!"
Cut to MA and Fred, fleeing their previous surroundings, and pan to follow.
MA says: "And which is why I have to constantly relocate."
MA says: "Oh, they’ll never find me on the outskirts of town."
The two stop; she digs around in her valise and sets out a small table with a crystal ball on it.
MA says: "And now, if you'll excuse me,  for a 4:00 appointment."
From beneath the open canopy, tent walls drop down to hide the pair from view. Over the opening is a sign that says "PSYCHIC READING." From here, cut to the gate. A limousine has pulled out through it and parked in the field; pan along its length to the front end, where the license plate and a top-hat hood ornament mark it as the Mayor's car. A four-note horn blast is heard - the one often used as a sound effect on The Bullwinkle Show. The limo is parked next to the tent.
Close-up of the rear passenger door, which swings open to reveal the Mayor inside.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "It's the Mayor of Townsville,  the one person who should've read the newspaper today, but didn't."
Inside, he approaches the table; two chairs are drawn up. MA is in one, and he takes the other.
MA says: "Please sit."
MA says: "I have been expecting you."
Mayor says: "Wow!"
Mayor says: "You are good!"
MA says: "I am sensing presence of a dead relative."
Mayor says: "Yes, yes!"
Mayor says: "I do have dead relatives!"
MA says: "A dead..."
MA says: "…aunt?"
Mayor says: "Yes!"
Mayor says: "Yes!"
Mayor says: "I have one of those!"
MA says: "Yes, it is your dead aunt coming through."
MA says: "Aunt… Buh… Cuh… Duh… Fuh…  Ger..."
Mayor says: "Gertrude?"
Mayor says: "My dead Aunt Gertrude?"
MA says: "That's the one."
Mayor says: "How you doing, Gert?"
During the next line, pan away from the table on his side.
Narrator says: "Having been lulled into a false sense of security by Madame Argentina's false sense of fortune-tellery,  let's take a gander at that goose."
Narrator says: "Trained in the high art of pocket-pickery,  Madame Argentina's trusty sidekick Fred is able to pull valuables straight from the pockets of her unsuspecting clients."
During this last, he yanks his head away; a flash of something gold is seen in his beak. He quickly returns to his previous disguise. Back to the table.
Narrator says: "Meanwhile..."
Mayor says: "Wow!"
Mayor says: "That was amazing!"
Mayor says: "However do you do it?"
MA says: "A good medium never reveals her secrets."
Mayor says: "I thought that was a musician."
MA says: "Whatever."
MA says: "$10."
MA says: "00, please."
Close-up of a patch of tablecloth as he puts a sawbuck down.
Narrator says: "And with that, the Mayor leaves his session impressed, albeit lighter than when he came in."
Narrator says: "he realized that he was missing his key, and not just any key, but the key to the city."
Cut to the two thieves, now outside in the open air. They hold up a large gold key - this was the flash we saw out of the Mayor's pocket - and laugh over their success. Back to the Mayor; he looks in their direction and starts in surprise.
Cut to just behind him. Where MA and Fred stood, only litter blows in the wind. The tent is gone.
Narrator says: "he found that Madame Argentina and Fred had fled,  thus leaving the Mayor locked out of Townsville."
Mayor says: "Again."
Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the girls' house during the day.
Narrator says: "Here we are, outside the household of one Professor Utonium, creator and father to that crime-fighting trio, the Powerpuff Girls,  who, at this very moment, receive an urgent call from the Mayor."
Pull back. We are in the bedroom; Blossom picks up.
Blossom says: "What is it, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "Again?"
Blossom says: "And you've been locked out since Wednesday?"
Blossom says: "But, Mayor, it's Saturday."
Blossom says: "Why did you wait so long to call?"
Cut to him, still in the field and talking on a cell phone.
Mayor says: "My cell phone calling plan has free weekend minutes."
Mayor says: "Professor Uton—"
Girls says: "We're here, Mayor."
Mayor says: "Well, I'll be."
Mayor says: "I couldn't finish saying it."
Long shot of the four; they are visible only as silhouettes from this distance.
Narrator says: "And so the Mayor laid out the sordid details of his predicament."
Buttercup says: "Wait, wait, wait!"
Buttercup says: "Let me get this straight."
Buttercup says: "You asked a psychic for decisions on municipal issues?"
Mayor says: "No, no, of course not."
Mayor says: "That would be silly."
Mayor says: "I got advice from a dead relative."
This prompts a fair bit of head-scratching from all three girls.
Narrator says: "Regardless of how the Mayor handles his civic duties, the girls still had a job to do."
Narrator says: "And with that, they were off faster than you could say "Bad television."
Mayor says: "Bad televi—"
Mayor says: "Darn it!"
Wipe to a pan down a street crowded with parlors of psychics and fortune tellers. The girls zip into and out of one doorway after another.
Narrator says: "And so the girls flew from psychic to psychic without any luck,  and, a short time later regrouped at the Mayor's office to discuss the situation."
Cut to Bubbles in the office; she stands by the window.
Bubbles says: "It's just no use!"
Bubbles says: "There must be thousands of short psychic women in Townsville!"
Pull back. Blossom paces the floor, while Buttercup mulls it over from her perch on the couch.
Narrator says: "Bubbles is right."
Narrator says: "One could throw a dart out the window and hit one."
Narrator says: "which is exactly what the girls did next."
On the end of this, a dart sails out and o.c. Cut to the projectile and follow it; it is falling straight down, its point aimed toward the ground.
Narrator says: "Fate would have to be on the girls' side today."
MA says: "What, again?"
MA says: "Yow!"
Cut to the girls in flight, bearing down on the position.
Narrator says: "Having heard their dart hit its random target, the girls flew to investigate."
Narrator says: "Madame Argentina had already darted off."
Blossom bends down to examine a card on the sidewalk and picks it up.
Blossom says: "Look what I found."
Bubbles says: "What is it?"
Buttercup says: "What is it?"
Blossom says: "A tarot card."
Blossom says: "Girls, this is worse than we imagined."
Bubbles says: "Whatever do you mean, Blossom?"
Blossom says: "a tarotist!"
She directs a worried look at the camera for a long moment. Close-up of the other two.
Buttercup says: "Look, more cards."
The girls' perspective, panning across the street. A trail of cards leads down the sidewalk, describes a wide S in an intersection, and disappears along a side street.
Narrator says: "Yes, it's true."
Narrator says: "In Madame Argentina's hasty getaway, she inadvertently left a tarot trail leading directly to her new location."
Head-on view of one very angry redhead. Her sisters fly up behind her in time with their lines.
Bubbles says: "Let's go get her!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "I see a knuckle sandwich in her future!"
Blossom says: "No, wait."
Blossom says: "I've got a better idea."
Wipe to a close-up of her, with her face showing between the buttons of an oversized trenchcoat.
Blossom says: "You ready, Buttercup?"
Buttercup says: "Check."
Blossom says: "You ready, Bubbles?"
Bubbles says: "Ready!"
Blossom says: "Great."
Blossom says: "Let's put Operation OverMedium into action."
Fade to black.
Fade in to MA's tent. The girls lurch into view; Blossom and Buttercup have pulled their heads into the trenchcoat, whose sleeves dangle emptily. Balance is a bit of a problem, and Bubbles' head is never anywhere near the vertical.
MA says: "Oh, good day, kind sir."
MA says: "I've been expecting you."
Bubbles says: "Sorry."
MA says: "So tell me, what will it be today?"
MA says: "Would you like your palms read?"
Bubbles uses the scratchy tone for her next two lines.
Bubbles says: "Oh, no, thanks."
Bubbles says: "I like them the color they are."
Bubbles says: "Uh..."
Bubbles says: "I mean, of course."
Bubbles says: "Why else would I be here in your oh-so-legitimate place of business?"
MA says: "Oh, well, then, please sit."
Narrator says: "Which the girls did."
There is a muffled grunt from within the coat when they make contact with the chair. MA starts to rub her crystal ball.
Narrator says: "And as Madame Argentina plied her false fortunes,  the goose got down."
Fred says: "Is that a feather joke?"
Extreme close-up of one of the coat's pockets; he eases his beak slowly into it.
Narrator says: "But when Fred stuck his head in the pocket, he didn't find a wallet, nor did he find jewelry."
Cut to inside that pocket. Buttercup looks daggers at the poultry, who has not yet noticed her.
Narrator says: "He found a Buttercup."
Fred's eyes pop. Cut to the table; his head is out of the pocket, all three girls' heads are visible, and Bubbles has lost the fake mustache. All four yell in surprise.
MA says: "The Powerpuffs!"
MA says: "Oh, let's get out of here!"
The girls have fallen in a heap amid the coat's folds. Goose feathers float down around them.
Cut to an airfield, on which a small jet is parked. A star and crescent decorate its wing. The two scam artists climb into it.
Narrator says: "where they escaped aboard her Astral Plane."
The canopy closes over them, and the craft takes off - leaving the word "ZOW!" floating in space behind itself. Cut to the girls in flight.
Narrator says: "Having finally freed themselves, the Powerpuff Girls were not far behind,  Once there, Madame Argentina made her way directly to the local neighborhood voodoo shop."
On the end of this, she stops near a merchant's stand; pull back to show it as Voodoo Vic's. A witch doctor stands behind the counter - this is Vic.
MA says: "Yes, give me 3 Powerpuff dolls, a box of pins, and, uh, throw in a box of gumdrops."
Close-up of these items on the counter. Each doll is a rough likeness of one of the girls.
Vic says: "Ah, that'll be $20."
Vic says: "00, please."
MA reaches into view and takes her purchases, laying down a double sawbuck to pay for them.
Narrator says: "Meanwhile..."
Blossom says: "Look, there she is!"
Bubbles says: "And she's got dolls of us!"
Buttercup says: "And a box of pins!"
Blossom says: "What in the world would she want those things for?"
Close-up of the Blossom doll as MA lifts it and poises a pin nearby.
Narrator says: "And with the first poke of the pin, the girls quickly got the point."
She jabs the doll in its rear; in midair, Blossom clutches that part of herself.
Blossom says: "Yow!"
The Buttercup doll gets the same treatment; the genuine article matches Blossom's response.
Buttercup says: "Yowch!"
Now the same things happen to the Bubbles doll and Bubbles herself.
Bubbles says: "*Oh!"
Bubbles says: "In my tailbone!"
Now MA holds all three dolls upside down in one hand and lets them drop. The girls, meanwhile, are hovering motionless - but after a tense moment, they plummet o.c. like rocks, having once again been affected by the dolls. Cut to them as they continue to fall.
Narrator says: "Plunging hopelessly out of control, the girls hurtle towards Earth and crash into some nearby bushes."
On the second half of this line, cut to the beach; the girls fall into the undergrowth. Back to MA.
She holds them up, lashed together, during this line; next, cut to a hanging branch, from which they have been suspended heads first, and pull back to show it over a cliff on the next words.
Cut to the girls themselves. They are in exactly the same situation, but there is no rope binding them to one another; they are simply stuck in this position.
Narrator says: "which, of course, left the Powerpuff Girls dangling in midair as well."
Narrator says: "With the girls out of the way, Madame Argentina was able to return to Townsville and continue her reign of tarot."
During this last, the craft takes off, carrying MA and Fred off the island; pull back to a long shot as they leave. They double back, passing closer to the camera.
Narrator says: "And the newspapers this day read,  Will Madame Argentina ever share her gumdrops?"
She stops dumping them into her mouth, looks guiltily at the camera, and starts chewing.
Narrator says: "Find out in the next exciting chapter called,  "Who Do Voodoo?"
Narrator says: "" or "Don't Scrye for Me, Argentina."
The second of these titles is shown within a crystal ball. Snap to black.
Announcer says: "And now, a word from our sponsor."
Commercial.
Fade in to a close-up of the Mayor at his desk, munching away at a pickle. Cut to Ms. Bellum just inside the office door. She gasps sharply.
Ms. Bellum says: "Eating pickles again, Mayor?"
Cut to behind her; she looks at the desk, which is littered with empty jars and pickle juice.
Mayor says: "I can't help it, Ms."
Mayor says: "Sara Bellum."
Mayor says: "I'm addicted, that’s what I am."
Ms. Bellum says: "Then you should try, the Pickle Patch."
At the appropriate moment, she produces a box of this product from behind her back. Its label shows a square green patch along with the name.
Mayor says: "The what?"
Mayor says: "That is a splendid idea, Ms."
Mayor says: "Sara Bellum."
Cut to an intertitle, "LATER..." in white letters on a black ground, then to Ms. Bellum. The Mayor walks into view to face her.
Mayor says: "You were right, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "The Pickle Patch is great!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, Mayor."
Pull back to put these two in the background and a corner of the desk in the fore. A box of Pickle Patches sits here; the focus is on it.
Announcer says: "The Pickle Patch."
Announcer says: "When you want to quit eating pickles… …or when you don't."
Snap to black.
Chapter Two.
Snap to MA and Fred, still flying their Astral Plane through clear skies.
Narrator says: "When we last left the action, a short psychic and her goose were heading back to Townsville to pick the pockets of its unwitting citizens."
Narrator says: "Which, of course, left the real Powerpuff Girls dangling precariously over the edge of a cliff."
Close-up of the rope holding up the dolls.
Narrator says: "But fortunately for the girls,  and the 3 dolls were quickly snatched up by an avid collector and promptly put up for auction on eBay."
During this last sentence, cut to the beach. A man has gathered the dolls up - presumably he cut the rope - and is tiptoeing away with them. Back to the girls, now right side up and free of the force that held them together.
[Note says: "The man is a caricature of Chris Battle, a model designer for the show."
[Note says: "Thanks to Chris Cook for providing this information."
Bubbles says: "We're free!"
Buttercup says: "Now, let's go get that turkey and her goose!"
Blossom says: "No, I‘ve got a better idea."
Wipe to Vic's booth. Blossom is placing an order.
Blossom says: "One Fred-shaped voodoo doll, please."
Vic says: "That'll be $5."
Vic says: "00, please."
She reaches into view and pulls it away, putting down a fin to cover the cost.
Narrator says: "And with that, the girls left Voodoo Island to put their plan into action."
Wipe to the exterior of their house. After a few seconds, cut to a close-up of the Fred doll as it is carried along on a tray. Pull back; Blossom holds it above her head, and she and her sisters float the length of the fence that separates their yard from the neighbors'. All three girls are smiling; when they speak, their voices are quite loud and sound a bit staged.
Blossom says: "Mm-mm, I sure love barbecue goose!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "Me, too!"
Bubbles says: "Save the neck for me!"
They stop upon reaching a charcoal grill that has already been fired up. Cut to a long shot of the house, seen from across the street.
Narrator says: "As luck would have it,  and noticed the peculiar scene."
She picks up a crooked telescope and trains it on the area.
Narrator says: "Looking through her horoscope, she saw..."
MA says: "Yipes!"
On these last four words, they drop neatly into the grill. Blossom then slams the lid down.
Narrator says: "where the lid was put on this case for good."
Cut to Fields, Anthropist, and Blind on a street corner; they wave happily up to the sky.
Narrator says: "And so the recovered goods were returned to their rightful owners."
Fields says: "Yay."
Anthropist says: "Yay."
Blind says: "Yay."
Narrator says: "And the Mayor was let back into Townsville faster than you could say, "Open Sesame."
Mayor says: "Open Sesa—"
Girls says: "Here you go, Mayor."
Mayor says: "Shoot!"
Cut to a jail cell, in which the overdone and annoyed pair of thieves have been deposited.
Narrator says: "Charred and behind bars, Madame Argentina and Fred will no longer be picking pockets."
A white-mustachioed, bespectacled man walks past the cell and twirls its key. He wears a naval uniform that looks a bit like that worn by Cap'n Crunch; on his hat is a large J, and he wears a name badge that tags him as the Jay Warden - "jay" being the phonetic spelling of the letter J.
[Note says: "This is a reference to Jay Ward, a producer for The Bullwinkle Show."
Narrator says: "And the newspapers read this day,  "It's Rare to See a Medium So Well Done."
[Error says: "The paper headline ends with "That Well Done."
The background for the end shot comes up, with gold stars already raining down. There is no closing music.
Narrator says: "And so the day is saved, thanks to  the Powerpuff Grill!"
The End!
We’ll see you again soon!