Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
The view begins to shimmer and waver in the heat.
Narrator says: "Oh!"
Narrator says: "And man, is it hot."
Cut to a slow pan along a street full of red-faced, sweaty people and pets on the sidewalk, at their windows, in their cars—absolute misery all around from the heat wave. Cut to the exterior of the girls’ house.
Narrator says: "Even here, at the Powerpuff Girls’ suburban home—"
Inside, the Professor is working and sweating at his desk, a fan running at his elbow.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "the heat is making Professor Utonium hot under the collar."
Professor says: "Force equals the cosine of the direct—"
Professor says: "No, that’s not it!"
Close-up of a coffee mug, labeled “Science Is Cool,” on the desk.
Professor says: "Darn it!"
Professor says: "Ow!"
He pounds the desk, upsetting the mug, and yells in pain as its contents spill over his hand, searing it with hot liquid. Cut to a close-up of a pot on the kitchen stove. Pull back quickly to show Buttercup minding it. Blossom and Bubbles are at the table behind her, spoons at the ready, but getting impatient.
Blossom says: "Hurry up with our oatmeal, Buttercup!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah, hurry up!"
Buttercup says: "Hurry up?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "All right."
She hits the pot with a quick blast of her eye lasers, and the oatmeal catches fire. Slapping the lid on, she brings it to the table.
Buttercup says: "Here it is."
Blossom says: "Finally!"
Bubbles says: "Finally!"
Buttercup says: "Nice and hot."
Close-up of the pot. The oatmeal is steaming and boiling, definitely way too hot to eat, especially after Buttercup tried to speed things up with her eye lasers. Blossom and Bubbles dig in, but stop after only a bite or two, as their eyes open wide. Cut to the exterior of the house. We hear the pair scream in pain. Back in the kitchen, Bubbles’ eyes have watered up, and she is fanning her tongue to cool it off.
Blossom says: "This oatmeal’s too hot!"
Bubbles says: "Too hot!"
Pull back from the table to show Buttercup hovering near them, still holding the pot.
Buttercup says: "So blow on it!"
Close-up of Blossom. After giving Buttercup an annoyed glare for her late suggestion after she and Bubbles have already burned their tongues, she regards the oatmeal for a long moment, then takes a deep breath to blow on her spoon. Freeze frame.
Narrator says: "And wouldn’t you know, of all days, today would be the day Blossom discovers she has a new power."
Blossom blows on the spoon and is flabbergasted to find it coated with ice when she stops.
Narrator says: "Ice breath!"
Narrator says: "Brr!"
Pull back from the table. Buttercup is now seated. Blossom jumps up from her chair.
Blossom says: "Hey, guys, look what I just did!"
Buttercup says: "Hmm..."
Buttercup says: "Do it again."
Blossom says: "Okay."
She blows toward Buttercup’s face, coating it with a film of ice.
Bubbles says: "Look!"
Bubbles says: "She blew ice out!"
Buttercup says: "How did you do that?"
Blossom says: "I just blew."
Buttercup says: "Oh, yeah?"
She takes a breath and lets it out. Nothing.
Buttercup says: "I can’t do it!"
Bubbles, still in her seat, blows a tiny puff of air over her spoon. Nothing.
Bubbles says: "I can’t do it, either."
Buttercup says: "So only you can do it."
Blossom says: "I guess so."
Buttercup says: "So what are you going to do with it?"
Bubbles says: "I know!"
Bubbles says: "I know!"
Bubbles says: "Make the floor all ice, like in Tom and Jerry."
Bubbles says: "That’s my favorite."
[Note says: "This is a reference to the T&J short “Mice Follies."
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "Make the floor all ice, Blossom!"
Blossom says: "Well, I’ll try."
She takes a deep breath and blows across the kitchen floor. In seconds it becomes an ice rink.
Bubbles says: "You did it!"
Buttercup says: "You did it!"
Blossom says: "I did it!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, boy!"
Buttercup says: "This is cool!"
Bubbles says: "Whee!"
Buttercup says: "Check me out!"
Buttercup says: "Hey, Professor."
Turn up to him. He is holding his scalded hand, taking no notice of what has just happened.
Professor says: "ButterCUUUP!!"
Professor says: "Ooh!"
His feet slide out from under him, and he lands flat on his back. He gets up, staring at the floor and rubbing his head. The girls are hovering behind him.
Professor says: "What in the name of—"
Professor says: "Blossom, did you do this?"
Blossom says: "Uh-huh."
Blossom says: "Sorry, Professor."
Now he has climbed off the floor and is trying to keep his balance.
Professor says: "How on earth did you do it?!"
Professor says: "!"
Bubbles says: "She blew, and ice came out!"
Buttercup says: "She’s got ice breath, Professor!"
Professor says: "You’re kidding!"
Professor says: "Show me, Blossom."
Blossom says: "Okay!"
A gust of freezing air emerges from left o.c. and frosts him over. His face is now frozen solid, as is the hand he had at his chin. When he speaks, it is through clenched teeth.
Professor says: "Incredible!"
Bubbles says: "I can’t make the ice come out."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, Professor."
Buttercup says: "Me and Bubbles can’t do it, and I thought you made us all the same."
Professor says: "Well, Buttercup,  you know, even though you all have super abilities, like super strength and being able to fly and laser eye beams, you also each have your own special unique abilities, like Bubbles being able to speak Spanish."
Bubbles says: "¡Sí!"
Professor says: "Well, it’s almost time for school."
Professor says: "And try not to make your sisters too jealous."
He forces a wink. The frost crackles on his eyelid.
Blossom says: "I won’t, Professor."
Blossom says: "I promise."
Professor says: "Good."
Professor says: "Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go thaw."
Cut to Bubbles and Buttercup in flight, toting color-coordinated backpacks and not looking too pleased with these developments. They glare back over their shoulders as the camera pans to Blossom, gliding along on a ramp of ice and blowing ahead of herself to extend it. Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten, shimmering in the heat wave. Inside, Ms. Keane is fanning herself with her hand and looking daggers at a broken controller on the wall.
Ms. Keane says: "Of all the days for the air conditioner to break!"
Teddy says: "Oh, teacher, I made a drawing."
Teddy says: "Look."
He holds it up—a picture of people staggering around under a bright red sun. She is considerably less than enthused.
Ms. Keane says: "Teddy, I don’t care!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now, go play!"
He slinks away, and she sighs. Cut to another boy pointing happily o.c.
Pablo says: "Hey, it’s the Powerpuff Girls!"
Pablo says: "Hola, Buttercup!"
Buttercup says: "Shut up, Pablo!"
Pablo says: "Hola, Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "¡Movarte, el niño!"
[Note says: "This is grammatically incorrect."
[Note says: "The right way to tell him to move is to say, “¡Muévete!"
Pablo’s face falls. Blossom flies into view and lands next to him.
Blossom says: "Hi, Pablo."
Pablo says: "Blossom, how come your sisters are so mean?"
Blossom says: "Oh, it’s 'cause I have ice powers, and they don’t, and they’re all jealous."
Pull back. The other girls are watching these proceedings with contempt.
Bubbles says: "Nyaaah!"
Buttercup says: "Nyaaah!"
Cut to Ms. Keane, coming in through the door.
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, kids, listen up."
Ms. Keane says: "They’re coming over to fix the air conditioning, so you kids get to go outside and play."
The kids sound far from excited at this prospect, but she cuts their protest short.
Ms. Keane says: "OUTSIDE!!"
Cut to the sun blazing down over the school flagpole.
Narrator says: "Outside?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "In this heat wave?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Oh, the poor little things..."
Pan across the playground, strewn with kids in various stages of heat exhaustion. Close-up of Blossom as Pablo crawls into view toward her.
Pablo says: "Blossom..."
Pablo says: "use your ice power."
Blossom says: "No, Pablo."
Blossom says: "The Professor said I can only use it if I really need to."
He collapses behind her. Another boy runs up, frantic.
Boy 3 says: "Blossom!"
Boy 3 says: "Blossom!"
Blossom says: "What is it, Hanout?"
Boy 3 says: "Come quick!"
Boy 3 says: "It is Mary!"
Boy 3 says: "She’s in very much trouble!"
Cut to Mary, the typical fat kid with glasses. She is on her back, lobster red and moaning, with three other kids standing around her, deeply concerned about her health in the heat wave.
Girl says: "Hang in there, Mary."
Camera shifts to point up from the ground, next to Mary’s head. Blossom flies in and is silhouetted against the sun. Cut back and forth between them.
Blossom says: "Hi, Mary."
Mary says: "Blossom…is that you?"
Blossom says: "Listen, Mary."
Blossom says: "Professor said not to use my ice breath unless—"
Mary says: "But I’m frying!"
Blossom says: "Well…okay."
She takes a deep breath and lets it fly over Mary.
Mary says: "Whoa, Blossom!"
The other kids begin pleading for help.
Buttercup says: "Uh-uh!"
Buttercup says: "Professor said she’s not supposed to!"
Kids says: "Please, Blossom?"
Cut to inside the classroom. A repairman is bent over the AC unit while Ms. Keane watches in disgust and disbelief.
Repairman says: "Sorry, Ms."
Repairman says: "Keane."
Repairman says: "I’ll have to come back tomorrow."
Ms. Keane says: "Great."
Ms. Keane says: "Just great!"
Ms. Keane says: "It’s like walking into an oven!"
She steps out and is met by Bubbles and Buttercup.
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane!"
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane!"
Bubbles says: "Blossom’s doing something bad."
Ms. Keane says: "What are you talking about?"
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom never does anything bad."
Buttercup says: "She’s showing off her stupid ice powers and Professor said—"
Ms. Keane says: "Ice powers?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
Ms. Keane says: "You girls don’t have ice powers!"
Bubbles says: "She does."
Buttercup says: "She does."
Cut to the playground, which looks as if it has just been hit by a cold snap. Snow and ice cover every surface. Kids are having the usual winter fun—skating, snow angels, snowmen, and so forth. Blossom is blowing o.c.
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom?"
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane!"
Pull back. She has made a statue of the teacher as Lady Liberty, only holding a pencil and book instead of a torch and stone tablet.
Ms. Keane says: "It’s wonderful!"
Blossom says: "Thanks."
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom, what a nice thing you’re doing."
Cut to inside the classroom. The other girls are watching from the window, stunned and livid over Blossom being praised rather than punished by Ms. Keane.
Buttercup says: "That stupid goody-goody Blossom never gets in trouble!"
The hotline starts to buzz, and she picks it up.
Buttercup says: "Hello?"
Buttercup says: "…A robbery?"
Buttercup says: "…We’ll be right there!"
Outside again. Bubbles and Buttercup fly into view; Blossom has an ice cream cone in her hand and two kids eyeing it eagerly.
Buttercup says: "Hey, ice princess!"
Buttercup says: "We got work!"
Blossom says: "Oh, okay."
Blossom says: "I just gotta finish making snow cones for everybody."
Cut to a store with its front window smashed. An alarm blares as two masked crooks flee the scene, laughing. They climb into a getaway car, a third crook in the driver’s seat.
Driver says: "Did you get the ice?"
Close-up of a bag being set on the seat and opened. It is full of jewels.
Crook says: "Oh, yeah!"
The car roars off, but Bubbles and Buttercup are in hot pursuit.
Bubbles says: "Not so fast, bad guys!"
Buttercup says: "Not so fast, bad guys!"
Crook says: "The Powerpuffs!"
Crook says: "Step on it!"
The driver puts his foot on the floorboards. We see the engine temperature gauge jump into the red danger zone. Close-up of one of the tires, which glows red and finally bursts—the car is now riding on its wheel rims. Cut to the two girls in flight.
Buttercup says: "We’ve got ’em now!"
Blossom says: "Here I am."
Blossom says: "Did I miss anything?"
Blossom says: "Oh, look!"
Blossom says: "Bad guys!"
Blossom says: "Stand back, girls!"
Buttercup says: "No, don’t!"
Too late. Bubbles and Buttercup watch helplessly as the ice blast freezes trees, buildings, two cops who are about to give chase, a group of people waiting at the bus stop, and the road the getaway car is traveling on—downhill all the way. The car skids away at high speed.
Blossom says: "Whoops!"
Crooks says: "Thanks, Blossom!"
Close-up of Blossom, looking very sorry and guilty. Pull back to show her sisters, their backs to us.
Buttercup says: "Way to go, ice princess!"
Bubbles says: "You did a bad thing, Blossom."
Blossom says: "I know."
Blossom says: "I promise I will never use my ice powers again!"
Camera turns up to the sky.
Narrator says: "Whew—"
Narrator says: "is it me, or did things just get a little hotter?"
Cut to the Mayor’s office. He is looking through a telescope while Ms. Bellum watches him.
Ms. Bellum says: "Staring at the sun again, Mayor?"
Mayor says: "Yes!"
Mayor says: "I’m trying to find the source of this he—"
Mayor says: "ooh!"
On the end of this line, cut to his view through the telescope. Something large and fiery is descending toward Earth.
Mayor says: "Goodness gracious, great ball of fire!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Yes, it’s called the sun."
Mayor says: "No!"
Mayor says: "There’s another giant ball of fire, and it’s heading straight for Townsville!"
On the end of this, cut to the fireball in flight. It casts a sick glow over the girls; Bubbles and Buttercup look toward Blossom, but she turns her eyes away, refusing to help due to her new promise.
Buttercup says: "Come on, Bubbles!"
The two fly up toward the fireball as townspeople scream in terror. They stop short.
Bubbles says: "It’s too hot!"
She screams as the fireball thunders toward her, and is pulled to safety by Buttercup.
Bubbles says: "Thanks, Buttercup."
They fly back to town as the crowds continue to panic in the growing shadow of the fireball. They find Blossom moping on a rooftop, not looking at them.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Blossom!"
Bubbles says: "Hurry!"
Buttercup says: "Hurry!"
Buttercup says: "Use your ice power!"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "It’s bad."
Bubbles says: "But Blossom, the giant fireball’s gonna destroy Townsville!"
Blossom says: "But I made a promise."
Buttercup says: "Blossom, forget your promise and DO SOMETHING!!"
She and Bubbles scream as the fireball continues its approach and they brace for certain impact. Blossom finally turns around to face it and flies up. She takes a huge breath—bigger than any of the others—and starts to blow. Slowly but surely, her ice breath spreads over the surface and puts out the inferno. Cut to just outside the Mayor’s office window again.
Mayor says: "Oh, good!"
Mayor says: "Blossom has stopped the giant fireball."
Ms. Bellum says: "Yes, but now there’s a giant ice ball hurtling towards us."
Mayor says: "Yes, but it’s not a giant fireball!"
The ice ball continues to descend, but one good hit from the girls pulverizes it into a snowstorm. The townspeople cheer. Back to the office window.
The girls return to Townsville and find it covered with snow.
Buttercup says: "Wow, Blossom, your ice power is really great!"
Bubbles says: "Sí!"
Blossom says: "Yeah, it sure was, but—"
Blossom says: "I think I used it all up."
Buttercup says: "You mean it’s all gone?"
Blossom says: "Uh-huh."
Buttercup says: "Well—"
Buttercup says: "I guess you’re back to just being normal again."
Blossom says: "Yep."
She sneezes, blowing out a burst of fire that chars her sisters from head to toe.
Blossom says: "Oops."
Blossom says: "Sorry, guys."
Narrator says: "Oh, Blossom."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "“Ice” still think you’re cool."
Narrator says: "So once again, the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Snow long, everybody."