Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "A friendly place that awakens every morn with the friendly sound of friendly children, heading off to a friendly day of education."
We have now pulled back quite some way, far enough to show one of the roads leading from the city. The girls fly across the screen, and a herd of kids stampedes out of one of the side streets and turns onto this road, cheering and yelling. Some seconds after they have run o.c., a single child emerges from one of the houses and walks slowly along. The kids run down the block, their enthusiasm still high, as the girls fly past overhead. Again the lone child trails them considerably; now we are close enough to see that it is a small boy with his head down, carrying a lunchbox. The kids charge past the third time as the girls fly along above them, this single boy still lagging well behind. His face is now clearly seen - very worried and nervous, and not exactly looking forward to the whole experience of education.
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten as the bell rings. The kids pile in through the front door right on time, but the boy is well behind them. He walks up the path to the door and looks at it; cut to above and in front of him. He looks up at the camera rather pitifully. After a long moment, the door opens and throws a rectangle of light onto him. Ms. Keane's shadow is thrown in front of him. She waves in welcome.
Ms. Keane says: "Come on in."
Ms. Keane says: "Don't be shy."
Inside, she addresses the class.
Ms. Keane says: "Good morning, children."
Class says: "Good morning, Ms."
Class says: "Keane!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now, class, I have a little surprise for you."
Blossom says: "You're getting a nose job?"
Bubbles says: "You're getting married?"
Buttercup says: "You're getting fired?"
Ms. Keane says: "Everyone, I'd like you to meet Mike."
Ms. Keane says: "Mike Believe."
Ms. Keane says: "Mike?"
Ms. Keane says: "Mike?"
She steps to one side, revealing the boy, Mike. He looks absolutely terror-stricken and wastes no time in ducking behind her again.
Ms. Keane says: "Uh, now, Mike..."
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, Mike."
Ms. Keane says: "Just take a seat."
He slowly steps out from behind her; cut to him as he walks past the girls' desk, the camera following. Buttercup and Blossom watch him with some trepidation.
Bubbles says: "Hi, Mike."
Bubbles says: "I'm Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "It's very nice..."
Bubbles says: "to meet..."
Bubbles says: "you."
He has taken no notice of her greeting. Close-up of him, now seated at a desk. Pull back slowly to show him by himself at the back of the room. The other kids are looking at him intently. Dissolve to a long shot of him in the sandbox on the playground. Kids run past, laughing and playing, but he does and says nothing. Pan left across the yard to the girls; Blossom and Buttercup are swinging a jump rope for Bubbles. These first two look in Mike's general direction.
Buttercup says: "What's wrong with that kid?"
Buttercup says: "He won't play with anyone."
Close-up of Bubbles, who stops jumping and floats above ground as the rope twirls around her.
Bubbles says: "He's probably just shy."
Bubbles says: "I like him."
Blossom says: "You're forgetting to jump again!"
Bubbles says: "Oops."
Bubbles says: "Sorry."
Back to Mike in the sandbox. A strange sound is heard briefly - it is similar to the transporters in Star Trek - and then dies away. The boy looks up in surprise.
Mike says: "Oh."
Mike says: "Hi there."
Mike says: "How did you know my name?"
Mike says: "..."
Mike says: "You want to be my friend?"
Mike says: "Okay."
Mike says: "What's your name?"
On the end of this, pull back to show the girls watching him.
Buttercup says: "See?"
Buttercup says: "I told you that kid's weird."
Buttercup says: "He's talking to himself."
Bubbles says: "There's nothing wrong with talking to yourself."
She begins to turn her head back and forth as she continues - having a debate with herself and growing increasingly animated.
Bubbles says: "Well, I don't know about that."
Bubbles says: "What do you mean?"
Bubbles says: "It's kinda weird."
Bubbles says: "Is not."
Bubbles says: "Is too."
Bubbles says: "Is not!"
Bubbles says: "Is too!"
Bubbles says: "Is not!"
The bell rings, ending the discussion rather suddenly. Cut to the door; Ms. Keane leans out, hand cupped to her mouth.
Ms. Keane says: "Children!"
Ms. Keane says: "Recess is over!"
The kids cheer and charge inside, the girls flying above them, as Mike watches from nearby. She follows them in, leaving him standing alone on the playground. He addresses himself to the whatever-it-is, which is now apparently standing next to him.
Mike says: "I gotta go now/  Okay!"
Mike says: "Let's go!"
Inside, Ms. Keane addresses the class.
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, class."
Ms. Keane says: "Do you know what it's time for?"
Class says: "RECESS!"
Ms. Keane says: "That's right."
Ms. Keane says: "It's arts-and-crafts time."
She is cut off by loud laughter from the o.c. Mike. Cut to a long shot of him from the front of the room. He is just barely visible through the kids and chairs; these move aside slightly as the camera zooms in on him. He is laughing up at his invisible companion.
Mike says: "That's funny."
Mike says: "Yeah, I think girls are gross too."
His eyes open in surprise when he realizes that everybody is staring at him.
Ms. Keane says: "Mike, um, who are you talking to?"
Mike says: "My new friend, Patches."
He points at the empty air next to him and gets a gale of laughter from the class in return. Blossom and Buttercup join in the merriment, while Bubbles looks at them worriedly. Even Ms. Keane finds this situation amusing, but she cuts herself off and regains her composure after a moment.
Ms. Keane says: "Uh, now, class, there's nothing wrong with having an imaginary friend."
Ms. Keane says: "But let's keep it down, okay, Mike?"
Mike says: "Yes, Ms."
Mike says: "Keane."
Dissolve to Ms. Keane, working at her desk, then pan slowly across the room to the sound of Mike's laughter. The kids are busy drawing.
Mike says: "Yeah, school is kinda dumb."
As the camera passes the girls' table, Buttercup looks toward him with unease. Close-up of Bubbles. She puts her crayons down and is hit in the head by a wad of paper a moment later.
Bubbles says: "Ow!"
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "Who threw that?"
She turns in her seat to glare at Mike, the camera quickly pulling back to behind his desk as she does so. He laughs.
Mike says: "That was funny, Patches."
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane!"
Bubbles says: "Mike threw a paper ball at me."
Ms. Keane says: "Mike, Bubbles said you threw something at her."
Mike says: "I didn't do it."
Mike says: "Patches did."
Mike says: "Bubbles is lying."
Ms. Keane says: "Mike, Bubbles never lies about anything."
Mike says: "But I didn't do it."
After a few moments, he looks up, surprised. Cut to a close-up of a girl with her hair in two long braids. She is happily employing a paintbrush on the sheet of paper in front of her. One braid is straightened out, its end being pulled left o.c. The hair dips up and down, and squishing sounds are heard as her eyes go wide open. She looks to her right, our left; pan to that end of the table to show Mike in the seat next to her. A jar of paint sits next to him, and he has the end of her braid - soaked in that color - in his hand. He laughs nervously. Pull back.
Girl says: "MS."
Girl says: "KEANE!"
Mike says: "P-P-Patches was dipping her hair in the paint..."
Mike says: "..."
Mike says: "and I was just trying to stop him."
Ms. Keane says: "That's enough, young man."
Mike says: "But really, I..."
Ms. Keane says: "Sit down, Mike."
Mike says: "But..."
Ms. Keane says: "Sit, Mike."
Mike says: "But..."
Ms. Keane says: "Sit!"
Mike says: "But..."
Ms. Keane says: "Sit!"
Mike says: "But..."
Ms. Keane says: "Sit!"
Mike says: "But..."
Buttercup says: "Oh, will you sit down already?"
Buttercup says: "Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane, you want us to take care of him for you?"
Long silence, during which Ms. Keane directs a hard glance at her.
Ms. Keane says: "Sit."
Buttercup says: "Gotcha."
Another long pause, after which Ms. Keane brightens.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, class, it's time for our spelling lesson."
Ms. Keane says: "Who would like to come to the board and spell a word?"
With the sole exception of Mike, all the kids raise their hands and clamor for the honors.
Ms. Keane says: "Hmmm, how about Blossom..."
Blossom says: "Yes!"
Ms. Keane says: "..."
Ms. Keane says: "and Mike?"
Mike swallows very hard and sweats. His face clearly indicates that this exercise will be torture for him. Ms. Keane stands at the side of the room.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, everyone, Blossom, and Mike will spell the word on the board while you spell at your desks."
Ms. Keane says: "The word is "cookie."
Blossom flies past and Mike shuffles by during this line. Cut to them at the chalkboard.
Blossom says: "Sweet!"
Mike says: "Uh, Ms."
Mike says: "Keane?"
Mike says: "I don't spell so good."
Ms. Keane says: "Try your best, Mike."
Ms. Keane says: "Class, begin."
The other kids begin writing industriously; at the board, Blossom does likewise. Mike, meanwhile, just stands in place as if frozen, his chalk shaking in his hand. Finally, he begins to scrawl out a letter in wobbly strokes. The tip of his chalk cracks and crumbles as he does so - the letter he is forming is a K. After a long moment, cut to an extreme close-up side view of him; he has "KOOK" written down.
Ms. Keane says: "Time's up!"
Blossom says: "Finished!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now, class, did everyone spell the word "cookie"?"
Class says: "Yes!"
She drops her clipboard and gasps, clapping her hands to her mouth. The rest of the class is similarly stunned. Blossom is still at the front of the room, her back to the board and a proud smile on her face. Behind her, though, a downstroke has been added to her efforts, turning the word into "dookie.".
Blossom says: "I spelled it."
Blossom says: "What?"
She looks at the board and gasps as well, covering her mouth. Zoom in on the altered word in steps,  then cut to Mike, backed up against the wall in Ms. Keane's shadow.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, Mike, just because you can't spell doesn't mean you can ruin it for Blossom."
Ms. Keane says: "I think you need a time-out."
Dissolve to him, seated on a stool in the corner and looking rather miserable.
Narrator says: "Hmmm..."
Narrator says: "that Mike Believe is turning out to be one bad dookie!"
Narrator says: "I-I mean cookie."
Narrator says: "One bad cookie!"
The other kids are seated on the floor and gathered around Ms. Keane. She sits in a chair, with a book in her hands.
Ms. Keane says: "Class, are we ready for story time?"
Class says: "YEAH!"
Ms. Keane says: "This story is a fairy tale..."
Pull back. Ms. Keane is now standing up; the chair slides back as she continues and Bubbles watches.
Ms. Keane says: "..."
Ms. Keane says: "and I think you'll like it very much."
She trails off into a yell of surprise as she falls through the empty space where the chair was and tumbles to the floor. Everybody laughs at her, dazed and propped up on one arm. When her head clears, she becomes very angry.
Ms. Keane says: "Mike!"
Bubbles says: "Mike didn't do it."
Bubbles says: "I saw the chair move all by itself."
On the next line, an apple floats off Ms. Keane's desk. This surprises everybody but Blossom, who does not notice immediately.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "You and your imagination!"
Blossom says: "Sometimes you just take it too far."
Blossom says: "Ow!"
Bubbles says: "Told you."
A chair is now seen floating in midair. The class looks in bewilderment.
Ms. Keane says: "Look!"
Ms. Keane says: "It's floating by itself!"
Buttercup says: "It's a ghost!"
Blossom says: "It's a witch!"
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "It's Patches!"
Bubbles says: "Isn't it, Mike?"
Mike says: "Uh-huh."
Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, hovering near the board.
Blossom says: "Look!"
Buttercup says: "Look!"
(They move aside as the camera zooms in. The following message appears on the board says: ""Ha Ha Ha Ha!"
(They move aside as the camera zooms in. The following message appears on the board says: "You can't stop me!"
(They move aside as the camera zooms in. The following message appears on the board says: "" Cut to Ms."
(They move aside as the camera zooms in. The following message appears on the board says: "Keane and the girls."
(They move aside as the camera zooms in. The following message appears on the board says: ")"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "You have to do something!"
Ms. Keane says: "He's disrupting the classroom!"
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane."
Blossom says: "We'll get him!"
Their first clue as to his location is a jar of paste floating across the room from them.
Blossom says: "Look!"
Blossom says: "There he is!"
Buttercup says: "I'll get him!"
She moves in toward the jar. At the last moment, though, it ducks out of her way.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Mike points toward the coat rack, the contents of which are being dumped on the floor.
Mike says: "Look over there!"
Mike says: "He's messing up the coat rack!"
Blossom says: "My turn!"
Now she closes in to take down this adversary as more coats are thrown down. When she is almost to the rack, though, she trips over an unseen obstacle.
Blossom says: "Whoa!"
She tumbles to the ground and skids across the room to plow into the coats and the rack.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Bubbles says: "Are you okay?"
Blossom is in the middle of the pile, rubbing her head. She wears a red coat, yellow mittens, and a blue and yellow knit cap in the style of South Park's Eric Cartman.
Blossom says: "Uh..."
Blossom says: "he tripped me."
Blossom says: "Seriously."
Mike says: "Look!"
Pan left to show the board, now covered with scribbles and being erased. Bubbles moves in for a go at the opponent.
Bubbles says: "I'll get you, you evil Patches!"
When she reaches the board, she is enveloped in a cloud of chalk dust and begins to cough and choke. The erasers are being clapped in her general direction.
Bubbles says: "I can't see anything!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Now all three girls are assaulted repeatedly. Bubbles' punishment includes a chair being slammed into her face, while that for Blossom features a full bookcase tipped onto her. Close-up of the three, lying semiconscious in a heap; pull back to show the rest of the class looking on in great consternation.
Ms. Keane says: "Girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "Are you okay?"
Cut to Mike, pointing at the board again. As he speaks, writing appears and the camera zooms in, putting him o.c.
Mike says: "Ms."
Mike says: "Keane!"
Mike says: "He's writing on the chalkboard again!"
(The complete message reads as follows says: ""Poor little Powerpuffs!"
(The complete message reads as follows says: "Can't you be more creative than that?"
(The complete message reads as follows says: "I'm waiting..."
(The complete message reads as follows says: "."
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, what are we going to do?"
Ms. Keane says: "We can't even see him!"
Buttercup says: "Can't Mike just make him go away?"
Mike says: "I already tried."
Mike says: "I'm sorry."
Mike says: "I didn't know he would be evil."
Bubbles says: "Well, girls, I imagine we've finally met our match."
Bubbles says: "I know the perfect friend for the job!"
In a thought balloon by her head, the creature "Koosy" appears. Those of you who watch Dexter's Laboratory on a regular basis will recognize it as one of Dee Dee's imaginary friends. For the benefit of everybody else, Koosy is a dinosaur-like beast that stands on two legs. It is light yellow, with a big pink heart on its chest. Its tail and bulbous nose carry rainbow stripes, and its ears flop out from beneath a small green hat. The end of its tail has plumes of the same color. It wears glasses and has tiny pink wings.
Cut to her, the stem of a large balloon appearing above her head as she speaks.
Buttercup says: "This imaginary friend has to be different."
Pull back to show the balloon above the heads of all three girls.
Buttercup says: "This friend has to be strong and big."
Blossom says: "It has to be smart."
Bubbles says: "I want it to be a bunny."
Buttercup says: "It has to be vicious!"
Blossom says: "It can be strong, but not vicious."
Blossom says: "It should be a scientist."
Bubbles says: "Well, I want it to be cute..."
Buttercup says: "And combat boots!"
Blossom says: "Fine."
Bubbles says: "Fine!"
Buttercup says: "Fine!"
Girls says: "Let's do it!"
They concentrate as hard as they can, and their creation appears in midair, within a thought balloon, and walks across the room toward the front desk. Cut to here; an apple is being eaten. The new imaginary friend steps into view, and the balloon surrounding it expands to envelop the eater. Now this individual is seen for the first time - a skinny fellow lying on the desk. He wears a court jester's outfit with pieces of cloth sewn all over it and has a serious case of five o'clock shadow. This is Patches. The rabbit addresses him in a calm female voice.
Rabbit says: "Hello, Patches."
Rabbit says: "Nice to finally see you."
Patches says: "Yikes!"
Patches says: "Who are you?"
Rabbit says: "Your worst imagination."
He looks rather uneasy at this statement. The rabbit jumps at him and plants a boot in his face, driving him into the surface of the desk. All that Ms. Keane and the kids see is the desk being crushed into kindling wood.
Class says: "Ooooh!"
Ms. Keane says: "Ooooh!"
Patches takes several kicks to the face; turn down to show Buttercup in control of this segment of the beating, kicking at the air. He next gets a couple of knuckle sandwiches and has two big hands slammed into the sides of his head; all the class sees is a streak of light flashing back and forth around the classroom. Now the rabbit kicks and uppercuts Patches then pulls the corners of his mouth wide open and catches him with a shoulder charge that would have made William "Refrigerator" Perry proud. The poor jester is then jumped on and subjected to repeated punches in the face. Turn down during these to show all three girls calling the shots. Finally, the rabbit grabs him by the arm and blows into his hand as if inflating a balloon. He swells up as if he were only a rubber skin; his assailant regards him for a moment, then lets go of the arm. Patches sails crazily around the room and out of sight, the air hissing out of him, as the rabbit waves and the girls watch. Finally, it turns back to them. Blossom and Buttercup are happy and grateful, but Bubbles looks very downcast.
Blossom says: "Thanks."
Buttercup says: "You're cool!"
Rabbit says: "You made me that way."
Rabbit says: "Well, I better go."
Bubbles says: "Wait!"
Bubbles says: "I'm gonna miss you."
Rabbit says: "Don't worry, Bubbles."
Rabbit says: "I'll still be in your imagination, hanging out with all your other imaginary friends."
Rabbit says: "You mean that Koos jerk?"
Rabbit says: "No thanks!"
Rabbit says: "Bye."
Bubbles is left looking somewhat puzzled and dejected by this response. Dissolve to the girls, Mike, and Ms. Keane standing with the rest of the class.
Ms. Keane says: "Well, girls, job well done."
Mike says: "I'm sorry I caused you so much trouble."
Bubbles says: "It wasn't your fault."
Bubbles says: "He was evil to begin with."
Mike says: "I just really wanted a friend."
Bubbles says: "We'll be your friends."
Buttercup says: "But from now on..."
Buttercup says: "um..."
Buttercup says: "from now on..."
Buttercup says: "um..."
Buttercup says: "uh..."
Buttercup says: "I can't think of anything!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Buttercup without a witty retort?"
Narrator says: "Huh!"
Narrator says: "Imagine that."
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "At least I think so."