Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, but enough about that."
Cut to a house in a subdivision. This structure is a rather plain, boxy affair, with a large corner window on the first floor and three round ones on the second. A garage sits off to one side; the front door is bright red.
Narrator says: "Here at the Powerpuff Girls’ suburban home is where our story begins."
A scream shatters the calm; inside, Bubbles is flying down the hall, doing her best to keep ahead of a cockroach scurrying after her. The camera follows her, but she gradually pulls ahead of it.
Bubbles says: "Get away, get away, get away, get away, get away, get away!"
Buttercup says: "I’ll get it."
She throws a punch at the wall, knocking a hole in it but missing the roach. Pan to Bubbles, hovering nearby.
Bubbles says: "Did you get it?"
The roach moves into view, and she becomes so scared that her pigtails stand up straight.
Bubbles says: "Aaah!"
Buttercup flies up and fires her eye lasers at the wall; she burns up the paint but misses again. She flies o.c. after the roach, and Blossom flies up to inspect the damage.
Blossom says: "Uh-oh."
Blossom says: "Girls."
(Cut to the chase says: "Bubbles fleeing from the roach and screaming, with Buttercup in hot pursuit."
(Cut to the chase says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Aah!"
Bubbles says: "Squish it, squish it, squish, it, squish it, squish it!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup, no."
Blossom says: "It’s just a cockroach."
Buttercup says: "Shut up, Blossom."
Buttercup says: "It’s gross."
Blossom says: "It is not!"
Bubbles says: "Is too."
Bubbles says: "Squish it, squish it."
Buttercup says: "You got it, Bubbles."
Buttercup says: "One squished roach coming up."
Blossom stops briefly and groans in disgust, then flies o.c. after her sisters, rounding a corner.
Blossom says: "Girls, no."
Blossom says: "Ew!"
Blossom says: "Gross!"
Close-up of a man in a white lab coat, with pens in its pocket. He wears a shirt and tie, and his head is impossibly rectangular with carefully parted black hair and thick eyebrows. Blossom addresses herself to him; he has the roach on his palm.
Buttercup says: "Oh."
Buttercup says: "Not gross, hmm?"
Blossom says: "It’s not."
Blossom says: "I just wouldn’t want to touch it."
Blossom says: "Blecch!"
The Professor’s voice is deep and thoughtful, exactly the sort you might expect from am eminent scientist and/or a father figure in a 1950s TV show.
Professor says: "Actually, girls, to him, well, you’re pretty gross yourselves, with your big heads, large eyes, little bodies..."
Girls says: "Okay."
Zoom in slowly on the roach as the Professor continues.
Professor says: "You see, the Blattaodea, or more commonly known as the cockroach, may be ugly and disgusting, but  they’re also strong and focused creatures and are very important to the balance of nature."
[Note says: "Blattaodea is a slight corruption of Blattodea, the Latin name for the cockroach."
Around the insect, the scene dissolves to a patch of ground. It begins to run along as the Professor continues.
Professor says: "And in that time, they’ve been squished, squashed, stomped, smushed, smashed, and even stepped on."
(On each of these words says: "a dinosaur in prehistoric time, a simian in the caveman era, a sandal-clad man in ancient Greece, a knight in the Middle Ages, a Pilgrim in colonial times, and a businessman in a city of today."
the background scenery advances through the ages says: "a dinosaur in prehistoric time, a simian in the caveman era, a sandal-clad man in ancient Greece, a knight in the Middle Ages, a Pilgrim in colonial times, and a businessman in a city of today."
the roach is crushed by a different foot. The order says: "a dinosaur in prehistoric time, a simian in the caveman era, a sandal-clad man in ancient Greece, a knight in the Middle Ages, a Pilgrim in colonial times, and a businessman in a city of today."
(On each of these words says: "This last foot stays in place."
the background scenery advances through the ages says: "This last foot stays in place."
the roach is crushed by a different foot. The order says: "This last foot stays in place."
(On each of these words says: ")"
the background scenery advances through the ages says: ")"
the roach is crushed by a different foot. The order says: ")"
Professor says: "the adaptable cockroach will probably outlive us all, for they are the only creature capable of surviving the effects of radiation."
The pest instantly revives. Fade to red. During the next line, a post-apocalyptic cityscape fades into view on top of this; the camera pans slowly along it.
Pan quickly to a towering insect beast with four arms. It screeches and waves in the air.
Professor says: "a race of bug people with a million eyes, 16 legs, exoskeletons, feelers, and—"
Back to the hall. He has gotten a little carried away with his vision.
Blossom says: "Professor."
Professor says: "Sorry."
Professor says: "But remember, girls."
Professor says: "Now, who wants to touch it?"
This offer causes the girls to recoil in horror and leap screaming into the air; Bubbles’ pigtails again try to flee the scene themselves. He straightens up.
Professor says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Professor says: "I’ll get a jar."
Wipe to the exterior of the house; the front door is open. Close-up of the Professor on the front step, holding a jar with the roach inside, on the next line.
Professor says: "Okay, little guy."
He lowers the jar and turns it upside down; camera turns down to follow the movement. The girls are around his legs, with Bubbles huddling in fear behind him.
Professor says: "You’re free to go."
He shakes the jar, and the bug drops out. It squeaks and twitches its antennae. The girls look after it.
Professor says: "Come on, girls."
Professor says: "It’s time for bed."
The roach sits on the front step as the door is closed.
Narrator says: "All right, little guy."
Narrator says: "You heard the Professor."
Narrator says: "Now scurry on home."
It gets to the middle of the street and stops. The purring of a car engine grows from the distance, and the vehicle approaches from over the hill. Just as the front wheels are about to flatten the roach, it leaps high into the air and lands on the roof. The car rolls off toward Townsville.
Narrator says: "Hmm."
Narrator says: "Something bugs me about that roach."
Narrator says: "The city of Townsv—"
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "I said that already."
Narrator says: "Sorry."
Turn down quickly to the street. The car rolls past, and the roach jumps down to the sidewalk. It looks up, and the camera follows its gaze; in front of it is an elegant high-rise with lights in all the windows but one on the floor below the top. Inside, the roach scuttles across a well-appointed lobby—the front desk on the left betrays this as a hotel—and toward an elevator. The floor indicator clicks to indicate an arriving car; inside this, the roach stands among a group of well-dressed people and goes completely unnoticed. Cut to a hallway, where the elevator doors open and it scurries out. Now it squeezes itself under a door.
Cut to inside a room that is completely bare of furnishings, with the plaster falling away from the walls. A man stands at the far end, looking out a window. The roach rises into view near the camera, which then zooms in on the man. He is a fat, ugly, disgusting slob, wearing a dirty undershirt and old shorts. His voice is low, gravelly, and dripping with contempt.
Roach Coach says: "Stupid people."
Roach Coach says: "Look at them."
Roach Coach says: "What incompetent, unorganized, filthy, dirty creatures."
Cut to outside the window. He peeks around the side of the frame; the top of his head tapers to a point, and he has two long hairs growing from here.
Roach Coach says: "They’ve been infesting this planet for too long."
Roach Coach says: "YOU HEAR ME, PEOPLE?"
Roach Coach says: "YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED!"
Roach Coach says: "PREPARE FOR THE COMING OF EARTH’S TRUE MASTERS."
Quickly pull back to ground level, where a man and a woman look on.
Roach Coach says: "THE REALITY OF YOUR EXTINCTION IS JUST A MATTER OF TIME!"
Man #1 says: "It’s 8:00."
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, the window has moved up to the top floor."
Back to the room; the slob shakes his fist and mutters angrily for a few moments, but the squeaking of the roach draws his attention. He brightens.
Roach Coach says: "Skippy!"
Roach Coach says: "What can you report?"
It squeaks into his ear briefly, after which he leaps into the air ecstatically.
Roach Coach says: "Yahoo!"
Roach Coach says: "We must call in the troops."
He raises a whistle to his lips and blows, producing a high-pitched, almost inaudible tone. Cockroaches swarm out of a kitchen drawer, a pizza box, a toilet, and all over the walls and floors of Townsville. They consolidate into a single huge flood of household pests that charges toward the slob. Zoom in to an extreme close-up of his face.
Roach Coach says: "HALT!"
The noise of stampeding roaches stops. He looks from side to side; pull back as he begins to pace the room, addressing the group.
Roach Coach says: "In the past, I felt the one thing that might stand in the way of our complete success is those supercharged heroines, the Powerpuff Girls."
Roach Coach says: "And with them doing nothing to stop us, all we gotta do is scurry in and smash those disgusting bipeds, and then together, you and I, Roach Coach, will rule the world!"
He laughs madly as the roaches begin to swarm over every part of his body. The laughter echoes through Townsville. Fade to black.
Snap to the skyline in the morning.
Narrator says: "It’s a beautiful day in Townsville."
Cut to a man waling jauntily down the street. He approaches a hot dog cart; he and the vendor sing the next four lines.
Vendor says: "Hmm, it should."
Vendor says: "It’s made from beef and hog."
Vendor says: "So, my pal, here’s your dog, enjoy."
He bites into the hot dog and chews happily. A sudden crunch causes him to stop short—should hot dogs sound like that?—and his eyes bug out in mixed disbelief and disgust. When he opens his mouth to scream, roaches pour from it and swarm all over his hand. More of them emerge from inside the cart, and the vendor screams as well. Now both men are covered with the pests, as is the car of a man driving along. He crashes into a fire hydrant as the infestation covers the streets and buildings of Townsville. Pan down the block as other people find themselves covered in roaches—even the Narrator is repulsed, and he yells in shock.
Narrator says: "Gross, gross, gross!"
Narrator says: "Get them off!"
Narrator says: "Aw, man, this is disgusting!"
Narrator says: "All of Townsville is being infested with roaches!"
On the end of this, stop on the slob, Roach Coach. He is watching from inside his room and rubbing his hands in delight, and he chuckles to himself.
Cut to the city skyline, with bugs crawling all over it. A scatterbrained-sounding voice speaks.
Mayor says: "Aah!"
Mayor says: "Aah!"
Mayor says: "Oh, my."
Mayor says: "Roaches are encroaching on my town."
They swarm over the camera lens; pull back to show the view framed in an office window. The speaker—the Mayor of Townsville—screams in terror. He is not the big, fat, silly-looking oaf we saw in “Meat Fuzzy Lumkins”; now he is a short old fellow with a fringe of white hair around a bald scalp and a thick mustache. He wears a monocle and a small top hat that floats just above his head. This is his office.
Mayor says: "What to do?"
Mayor says: "What to do?"
A tall, shapely woman with a great deal of curly red-orange hair steps into view. She wears a red suit; nothing can be said of her face or shoes, however, as her head and feet are cut off by the edges of the screen. Her voice is throaty, alluring, and quite unruffled.
Ms. Bellum says: "Excuse me, Mr."
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor."
Ms. Bellum says: "Don’t you think you should make the call?"
Mayor says: "Oh, yes, yes."
Mayor says: "Good thinking, Ms."
Mayor says: "Sara Bellum."
Mayor says: "Call the exterminator."
Ms. Bellum says: "No, sir."
Pull back quickly; in the foreground sits a telephone with a happy face where its dial or keypad would be. Its nose is a big red light. Now we see that Ms. Bellum’s high heels match her suit; her face, however, remains out of frame.
Ms. Bellum says: "The other call."
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Inside, a matching phone starts to buzz, its red light flashing, and Bubbles answers—it is a direct hotline to them. This is its debut appearance, if “Insect Inside” is considered the first episode of the series.
Bubbles says: "Hi."
The Mayor is on the other end; roaches continue to run free outside.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls?"
Bubbles says: "Bye."
The Mayor stares at the now-silent phone; he and Ms. Bellum are interrupted by the breaking of the window, and the bugs pour in. The hotline at school goes off, and Bubbles answers it again.
Bubbles says: "Hi."
Now Ms. Bellum is tap-dancing around all the roaches on the floor. The Mayor yells in shock.
Mayor says: "Emergency!"
Bubbles says: "Bye."
Bubbles says: "Hi."
Both adults are covered with roaches.
Mayor says: "Get downtown!"
Bubbles says: "Bye."
She looks cheerfully at the hotline, but it stays quiet now. She looks away from it; pull back to show her sisters on that side, both glaring angrily at her. A chastened expression comes over her face when she sees their displeasure. In the office, the pests have accumulated to such a depth that the Mayor can barely reach out of them to press the button on the hotline’s face. Ms. Bellum is upside down, her legs sticking out. When the buzzer goes off this time, Blossom picks up the call while Buttercup keeps one hand clamped over Bubbles’ mouth.
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor?"
Cut to them in flight. They get some distance into the city before stopping short and realizing the magnitude of the problem facing them. To their disgusted horror, they see roaches infesting the entirety of Townsville and it's citizens.
Girls says: "GROSS!"
Buttercup says: "Man, this is disgusting."
Buttercup says: "These bugs got to go."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, no!"
Buttercup charges through the infested streets, but is brought up short by Blossom. The latter takes on the self-righteous “goody-goody” tone that kids sometimes use when trying to kiss up.
Blossom says: "Stop!"
Blossom says: "Don’t you remember what the Professor told us?"
Blossom says: "He said, and I quote, “It’s not right to harm an insect just ’cause it’s yucky on the outside."
Blossom says: "It’s the insect inside that’s important."
Buttercup says: "Oh?"
Buttercup says: "Like, what are you gonna do, put them in a giant jar?"
Blossom thinks about this, then smiles and takes off.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Roach Coach says: "That’s right, fly away."
Roach Coach says: "Fly away scared, you stinking Powerpuffs."
Roach Coach says: "Huh?"
Cut to Blossom in flight; she is carrying….
Narrator says: "A giant jar?"
Narrator says: "That’s crazy."
Roach Coach says: "NOOOOOOOO!"
She flies through the city, scooping up all the roaches with the jar, as the Narrator speaks. Everyone is swept clean of the insects.
Narrator says: "And so with her lightning-fast speed and her knowledge of where to get giant jars, Blossom makes quick work of cleaning up the town."
One woman screams for a moment even after she has been cleared of roaches. Finally she stops and takes notice of her new situation.
Woman says: "Aah!"
Woman says: "I’m bug-free!"
Narrator says: "That you are, lady, and so is the rest of the town, so give it up for  The Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Yes!"
Buttercup looks a bit miffed that her dig at Blossom turned out to be a good move. Roach Coach runs up to the front of the crowd.
Roach Coach says: "No fair."
Roach Coach says: "How dare you trick my army of roaches with a giant jar?"
Blossom says: "So you’re responsible for this mess."
Roach Coach says: "That I am."
Roach Coach says: "I am Roach Coach."
Roach Coach says: "I am sick of you human scum infesting the planet."
Roach Coach says: "I am here to  exterminate!"
Pull back as he lifts it to his lips and blows. The jar begins to shake back and forth, making it hard for the girls to keep their footing on the lid.
Blossom says: "W-W-What’s happening?"
The jar explodes into shards of glass, freeing the horde of roaches; this is seen from three different camera angles, after which the insects swarm toward their master.
Roach Coach says: "That’s it, boys."
Roach Coach says: "Come to papa!"
Again they cover every part of him, and he laughs insanely. They form into the shapes of various insect body parts; the girls look up in stunned silence as a gargantuan shadow falls over them.
Girls says: "Uh-oh."
They are facing a king-sized cockroach composed of the thousands of bugs that Blossom packed up in her jar.
Girls says: "Not so fast, Roach Coach!"
They charge toward the giant head; Roach Coach, inside, addresses them.
Roach Coach says: "Annoying Powerpuffs."
He opens his mouth wide. Outside, the jaws do likewise and close on the girls. Overhead view of them inside the beast. They are surrounded by squirming roaches on all sides. Zoom in slowly.
Buttercup says: "Please can we squish them now?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "Please?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "remember, the Professor said not to harm an insect just because it’s yucky on the outside, but… THIS ONE’S YUTCHY ON THE INSIDE!!!!"
The girls explode out of the giant roach, splitting it in half.
Roach Coach says: "Hey!"
Roach Coach says: "You’re not allowed to harm my roaches!"
They do a sharp U-turn and close in.
Roach Coach says: "Uh-oh."
They plow completely through the body and go to work, kicking and punching the bugs into mush and breaking off a few appendages for good measure. Their final blow knocks Roach Coach loose; overhead view of him as he tumbles toward the street, yelling in anger.
Roach Coach says: "AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!"
Roach Coach says: "CURSE YOU, POWERPUFF GIRLS!!!!!!"
He falls far enough to disappear from sight, and a metallic crash is heard—as if a bucket of spare parts had been dumped onto the pavement. The girls are panic-stricken.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Blossom says: "I definitely know it’s not okay to squish a person."
Buttercup says: "No matter how yucky they are on the inside."
Bubbles says: "Wait."
Bubbles says: "Look."
Zoom in on the crash site to the sound of beeping and sparking electricity. What is spread across the street is a mess of smashed body parts with wires and motors protruding. Blossom and Buttercup land beside this lot; the fingers of one hand twitch a bit.
Bubbles says: "And look."
Her perspective, looking down at the head. A chunk has been smashed away, revealing a roach sitting in a tiny control room within.
Bubbles says: "There’s an insect inside."
Blossom says: "Bubbles, no."
Blossom says: "Don’t squish him."
Blossom says: "He’s a criminal, and everything has a place in this world,  even criminals."
Around the insect, the scene dissolves to a bare gray room. It is now held captive within a jar and beating its tiny fists against the inner wall. Pull back to show that the jar bears a label—”JAIL”—and sits in a full-sized jail cell. The girls and the Professor stand outside, as do the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Ms. Bellum says: "Saving the day, sir."
Mayor says: "No, no, no."
Mayor says: "For saving the day."
Blossom says: "No problem, Mayor."
Close-up of the Professor as a spider descends into view in front of him. He eyes it warily.
Blossom says: "It’s all in a day’s work."
Blossom says: "It doesn’t bug us."
Pull back to bring the whole group into view; the spider meets its end between the Professor’s hands. The Mayor jumps up and grabs Ms. Bellum at hip level.
Blossom says: "Professor, you just squished that spider!"
Blossom says: "Oh, I get it."
Blossom says: "Better safe than sorry, right?"
Professor says: "No."
Professor says: "Spiders just creep me out."
[Animation goof says: "His eyebrows disappear during this line."
Narrator says: "Oh, Professor."
Narrator says: "What are we gonna do with you?"
Narrator says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Narrator says: "Ah."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again, the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Narrator says: "“Spiders just creep me out,” he says."
Narrator says: "Oh, jiminy."
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"