It's All Because of Him/Transcript.
Oshiete agemashou                                                                                                                                                           Warawanaide kiite ne                                                                                                                                                         Kono sekai no suteki na monogatari.
Doushite sora ga aoku.
Ki wa midori na no ka.
Taiyou ga.
Anna ni mo mabushii ka wo.
Kitto tabun sore wa.
Muzukashii kotoba wo.
Hitsuyou nante shite inakute.
Te dewa furerarenai kara.
Ima kanawanai koto no nai.
Yume dake wo yume mite yuku no.
Sugu ni todokisou na risou yori.
Motto zutto hoshii mono ga aru no.
Nakitakute nakitakute.
Naku no nara namida wo fuite.
Datte kawaii no wa egao ga ichiban desho?
Dakedo zenbu to iwasete.
We start where Him is on vacation having a memory.
Him says: "No."
Him says: "Get away."
Him says: "Leave me alone, you brats."
Memory Momoko Hayyyy-ya! Throws her yo-yo.
Memory Miyako says: "Huh."
Memory Him says: "No."
Memory Him says: "Wait."
Him's right lens breaks off.
Him says: "All I wanted was a little time away."
Him says: "Just gliding by the pool without a care in the world, but oh, no."
Him says: "I''m even dreaming of those little rascals."
Him says: "What are you looking at?"
Him says: "Can't you see that I'm just enjoying my vacation?"
Angry grunt.
Him says: "Oh."
Him says: "So you think that's funny, do you?"
Him says: "I'll show you what happens to people who laugh at me!"
He sends his black spores into the pool.
Man says: "What is that stuff?"
People scream.
Woman says: "What is going on?"
Man says: "I didn't know there was a water park."
People scream when they fall down back in the pool with people who are concerned.
Him laughs.
Him says: "Well, that was amusing."
Outside of Miyako's grandma's house, it's a beautiful day and we go in Miyako's room as she is hugging Octi and puts him on her dresser.
Miyako says: "OK, Octi."
Miyako says: "Now you stay here and look after my room while I'm at school."
The girls meet each other.
Momoko says: "Morning."
Miyako says: "Morning."
Kaoru says: "Morning."
Kaoru sees Octi on Miyako's backpack Uh, aren't you a little old bringing that stuffed toy to school with you?
Miyako says: "Huh?"
Kaoru says: "People are going to see this and think you're like 2 years old or something."
Miyako says: "Hey!"
Miyako says: "Don't talk about Octi that way."
Miyako says: "He's been my best friend ever since I was 2 years old."
Momoko says: "So this is our competition, huh?"
Miyako's Thoughts says: "That's weird."
Miyako's Thoughts says: "I thought left Octi home this morning."
Momoko is still hugging Octi and laughs.
In school, Momoko runs back to her locker.
Momoko says: "I can't believe I forgot my pencil case."
Momoko says: "I hope it's in here."
Momoko says: "Here it is."
In Miyako's locker, Octi's eyes turn red and reaches into Momoko's locker and steals her gym pants and unstitches it.
The bell rings as Blossom and Bubbles see Buttercup eating.
Miyako says: "Huh?"
Momoko says: "Whoa."
Momoko says: "Look at her go."
Momoko says: "It's not lunch yet."
Kaoru says: "Yeah, but we got gym next period so I need the energy."
Miyako says: "Whenever I eat before gym class, it makes me queasy."
Kaoru says: "Not me."
Kaoru says: "I'll see you guys out there."
Miyako goes to her locker.
Miyako says: "Hope it's not too dark in there."
Miyako says: "I'd hop in to keep you company, but I don't think I'd fit."
Kaoru says: "Yum."
Kaoru says: "Now I'm just in time for gym class."
Kaoru says: "Uh-oh."
Kaoru says: "I'd better hurry."
Octi's eyes turn red and steals Blossom's lunch and eats it.
Outside, the boys are playing basketball and the girls are sitting in front of their teacher.
Boys says: "Pass the ball."
Boys says: "No."
Boys says: "Take the shot."
Teacher says: "OK, girls."
Teacher says: "We're going to try the vault again."
Girls says: "Yeah."
Teacher says: "Blossom, why don't you start us off?"
Momoko says: "Sure."
Miyako says: "I'm just glad she didn't pick me."
Momoko says: "Mm."
Momoko says: "Huh."
Momoko's Thoughts says: "I did it."
Momoko's Thoughts says: "Huh?"
Miyako says: "Have you seen your shorts lately, Blossom?"
Momoko says: "Uh, what about them?"
In class, a grumpy teacher is talking.
Grumpy Teacher says: "Everyone, eyes on the screen."
Video Lady says: "In this unit, we'll be stitching a beautiful country landscape."
Video Lady says: "Follow along using your templates."
Video Lady says: "Everyone, get your needles ready."
Video Lady says: "Start with the pink thread."
Grumpy Teacher says: "Hear that?"
Grumpy Teacher says: "Polish your pink thread, people."
Momoko sees she is out of the pink thread.
Momoko says: "Uh-oh."
Momoko says: "Great."
Momoko says: "Now I'm out of the pink stuff."
Momoko says: "Hey, Bubbles, can I borrow some of yours?"
Miyako says: "Yeah, sure."
Miyako says: "I have tons."
Miyako says: "I always keep extra supplies in my sewing kit."
Momoko says: "Huh."
Momoko says: "that's a good idea."
Momoko's Thoughts says: "The missing part of my shorts."
Momoko says: "Now we know where you get your extra supplies!"
Miyako says: "Huh?"
Kaoru says: "I'm trying to sew over here."
Kaoru says: "What are you so round up about?"
Momoko says: "This!"
Kaoru says: "No wonder you're angry."
Miyako says: "No, wait."
Miyako says: "I don't know how that got in there."
Grumpy Teacher says: "Be quiet, down the back, if you quiet down and start sewing."
Girls says: "Yes, ma'am."
Momoko says: "When class is over, you better have a good explanation for this."
Miyako says: "But I didn't do it."
Miyako says: "Why won't you believe me?"
Kaoru says: "You guys are going to get us in trouble."
Kaoru says: "Quit it."
Momoko and Miyako angrily look at each other and look away.
Kaoru is playing soccer outside just as she hears Miyako and Momoko.
Momoko says: "BUTTERCUP!"
Miyako says: "BUTTERCUP!"
Kaoru falls on the ground with the ball as Momoko and Miyako angrily run to her.
Kaoru gets up.
Kaoru says: "What's gotten into you guys today?"
Momoko says: "You greedy little pig."
Miyako says: "If you wanted some of ours, all you had to do is ask."
Miyako says: "I would've shared."
Kaoru says: "What are you talking about?"
Momoko and Miyako show their lunch boxes.
Momoko says: "Look!"
Miyako says: "Look!"
Kaoru says: "Whaaaat?"
Kaoru says: "You think I ate your lunches?"
Momoko says: "When you were alone in homeroom before gym class, so who else could have eaten them?"
Miyako says: "And we saw how hungry you were this morning."
Kaoru says: "So, what?"
Kaoru says: "I'm not a thief."
All 3 girls angrily look away from each other.
With Octi at the window, the black spores come out of him and went flying to another place.
At a cabin in the woods as the black spores arrive, Mojo Jojo is eating.
Mojo Jojo says: "Why does this always happen to me?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Is Mojo hallucinating?"
Black Spored Him says: "I have something important to tell you."
Mojo Jojo says: "You mean like a secret message?"
Black Spored Him says: "Something like that."
Black Spored Him says: "Right now, the Powerpuff Girls are weak so you can defeat them."
Mojo Jojo says: "At last!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Mojo knew this day would come if he waited long enough."
Mojo Jojo says: "But if you're a stranger, can I trust you?"
Mojo Jojo says: "OK."
Mojo Jojo says: "I trust you."
Mojo Jojo says: "Mojo thinks it's pretty obvious that we both want the same thing: To crush the Powerpuff Girls."
It's All Because of Him Part 2.
The Girls still look away from each other until their communicators are beeping.
The Girls says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "The city is in danger once again, girls."
Professor says: "Mojo is attacking with one of those awful robot thingies."
Professor says: "We are all counting on you, girls."
Professor says: "Let's go."
The Girls says: "We're on it."
Mojo is attacking the city with his Robo Jojo.
The Girls are flying towards him.
Mojo Jojo says: "Good."
Mojo Jojo says: "Here they come."
Kaoru says: "You just don't know when to quit, do you?"
Miyako says: "Why can't you just be a good little monkey?"
Kaoru says: "Huh?"
Miyako says: "Huh?"
Kaoru says: "Uh, Blossom, what are you doing?"
Momoko says: "Have you guys ever noticed that I always attack first?"
Momoko says: "That means you and Bubbles get to have the big finale at the time."
Momoko says: "Maybe you girls should start the battle for once."
Miyako says: "I think we should talk about this another time."
Kaoru says: "You're still mad about what at school, aren't you?"
Momoko says: "Well, with you pig, everyone saw my underwear and I never got to eat lunch."
Miyako says: "It wasn't me."
Kaoru says: "We don't have time for this."
Kaoru says: "We gotta get Mojo."
The Girls continue to argue.
Mojo Jojo says: "Well, it looks like a funny schnitzel, but now it is my chance to strike!"
He uses his robot to grab The Girls with his robot claws.
The Professor, Ken, and Poochi come in the car.
Mojo Jojo says: "Yes!"
Mojo Jojo says: "I have finally done it!"
Poochi says: "No way."
Poochi says: "He actually caught them."
Kaoru says: "Blossom, this is all your fault, you know that?"
Momoko says: "Don't blame me."
Momoko says: "You're the one who ate my lunch."
Professor says: "They're supposed to fight Mojo, not each other."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now, first Mojo will send you in for a spin."
Mojo Jojo says: "Boom!"
Professor says: "Oh, no."
Back in the car.
Ken says: "I sure hope the Girls are alright."
Poochi says: "If they're not, then we're all in big trouble."
At the Mayor's office.
The Mayor says: "Miss Bellum, do you have those files?"
Miss Bellum says: "Right here, sir."
Mojo gets in his office as The Mayor screams as he is in the Robo Jojo's grasp.
The Mayor says: "Oh, no."
The Mayor says: "Help me."
The Mayor says: "You have to call the Powerpuff Girls!"
Mojo Jojo says: "I am sorry, but you will never be mayor ever again."
The Mayor and Miss Bellum gasp.
Mojo Jojo says: "From now on, I will be the mayor of New Townsville."
The Mayor says: "You can't just say you're going to be mayor."
The Mayor says: "You have to be elected."
Mojo Jojo says: "What?"
The Mayor says: "I'm sure we can arrange something."
Mojo Jojo says: "Mm."
Mojo Jojo says: "That is more like it."
Miss Bellum says: "I can't work for Mayor Mojo."
Mojo Jojo says: "Mayor Mojo."
Mojo Jojo says: "Has a nice ring to it."
Mojo Jojo says: "Does it not?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Could you do me a favor and say it again one more time, please?"
Miss Bellum says: "Mayor Mojo."
Mojo Jojo says: "That is like music to my ears."
Mojo Jojo says: "I'll let you stay in honors as my assistant."
Miss Bellum says: "Thank you, I guess."
The Mayor says: "Miss Bellum, after all we've been through, how could you do this to me?"
Miss Bellum says: "Sorry, sir, but it is tricky to say no to a monkey with a giant robot."
Miss Bellum says: "I just work here, remember?"
Miss Bellum says: "I'm not a Powerpuff Girl."
The Mayor says: "Oh, no."
The Mayor says: "This is terrible!"
Mojo Jojo says: "That is enough talking."
Mojo Jojo says: "You are fired."
Mojo Jojo says: "Good-bye."
The Mayor says: "Wait."
The Mayor says: "Maybe you need 2 assistants."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now let us discuss the first order of business."
Miss Bellum says: "And what would that be?"
Mojo Jojo says: "The most important one."
Mojo Jojo says: "Tell me what we are going to eat for lunch."
Miss Bellum says: "Sorry."
Miss Bellum says: "Lunch hour ended a little while ago."
Mojo Jojo says: "Being a mayor is going to be harder than Mojo thought."
Mojo Jojo says: "Wait."
Mojo Jojo says: "I know something we can do instead."
Professor says: "You're kidding."
Ken says: "How could the mayor shut down the science lab?"
Ken says: "What are we gonna do, Dad?"
Back in the Mayor's office.
Octi/Him says: "Very good, Mr."
Octi/Him says: "Mayor."
Mojo turns around.
Mojo Jojo says: "Huh?"
Mojo Jojo says: "What do you want, little octopus?"
Octi/Him says: "I came to inform you that you are no longer needed."
Mojo's Thoughts says: "Wait just a sec."
Mojo's Thoughts says: "He also told me about how the Powerpuff Girls were arguing."
Mojo Jojo says: "Wait."
Mojo Jojo says: "Mojo is the mayor, so I don't have to listen to you."
Mojo Jojo says: "You want to be the mayor."
Mojo Jojo says: "OK."
Mojo Jojo says: "We can help you."
The Professor and The Mayor are at a Chinese restaurant.
The Mayor says: "If I can't be mayor of New Townsville, what am I supposed to do?"
Professor says: "That's nothing, but with no lab, where am I going to conduct my research?"
Professor says: "Let's order something to cheer us up."
Ken goes in.
Ken says: "Quit complaining, you two."
Ken says: "Don't you realize that sitting around here and sulking like babies isn't gonna help anything?"
The Mayor says: "I think he's right, Professor."
Professor says: "We can't get Mojo out of the mayor's office, but then New Townsville is doomed."
Professor says: "Not to mention what would happen if he really does take over the world."
Mojo is thrown out in his Robo Jojo on the ground.
Professor says: "That's a coincidence."
Professor says: "It's Mojo."
Professor says: "What happened to you?"
Mojo Jojo says: "I do not know how to say this, but an octopus stole my job."
The Mayor says: "I don't think anyone expected that."
Mojo Jojo says: "Are you calling me a liar?"
The Mayor says: "No."
Ken says: "This octopus monster, can you describe him?"
Mojo Jojo says: "He was wearing his little top hat on his head."
Ken says: "I wonder what's going on."
Back at the lab.
Kaoru wakes up.
Kaoru says: "What happened?"
Miyako says: "Ken and the Professor must've brought us back to the lab."
Momoko says: "If they hadn't gotten there, who knows what could've happened to us?"
Kaoru says: "Yeah."
Kaoru says: "I guess Mojo really creamed us back there, didn't he?"
Miyako says: "Hey, what happened to Octi?"
Kaoru says: "Who cares about your stuffed toy?"
Kaoru says: "We've got more important things to worry about."
Miyako says: "What could be more important than my best friend in the world?"
Miyako says: "Because it sure isn't you guys anymore."
Miyako says: "Not after today."
Miyako says: "I was looking forward to eating my lunch, you know."
Kaoru angrily stares at her.
Poochi says: "There's no time for arguing!"
Poochi says: "The whole city's about to be attacked by a giant octopus monster!"
The Girls says: "Octopus monster?"
Kaoru looks angry at who could be behind this.
Miyako says: "I've got a bad feeling about this."
Momoko says: "Then let's fix it."
The Girls transform into their Powerpuff counterparts and fly who stop and sees Miss Bellum in Octi's tentacle on the top of the Mayor's office.
Miss Bellum says: "I want my old job back!"
Miyako says: "It's my Octi!"
Momoko says: "Yeah, but what happened to him?"
A flashback happens.
Flashback Miyako says: "OK, Octi."
Flashback Miyako says: "You stay here and look after my room while I'm at school."
Miyako says: "Why didn't I figure it out before?"
Miyako says: "When I came to school this morning, I left him on my dresser."
Momoko says: "Are you saying that he jumped on your backpack all by himself?"
Kaoru says: "Could that be why he came to school today?"
Kaoru says: "What if he was the one who cut the fabric in Blossom's shorts and then ate your lunches?"
Momoko says: "You mean he had us arguing on purpose so Mojo could defeat us?"
Octi/Him says: "I'm impressed."
Octi/Him says: "You figured it out."
Kaoru says: "I know that voice."
The Girls says: "It's Him."
Him reveals himself.
Him says: "Very good, girls."
Him says: "Bubbles' little toy was so cute."
Him says: "I just couldn't resist."
Miss Bellum says: "Hurry."
Miss Bellum says: "You have to stop him!"
Momoko says: "Don't worry, but that's what we're gonna do."
Momoko says: "Because we're a team again."
Miyako says: "Bubbles catcher!"
Kaoru says: "Hypersonic..."
Kaoru says: "!"
Miyako says: "Wait, Buttercup."
Miyako says: "Don't do it."
Kaoru says: "But I have to."
Kaoru says: "He's the bad guy."
Miyako says: "He's also my little Octi and if you hit him with everything you've got, he might get hurt."
Kaoru says: "Please tell me you're kidding."
Octi/Him snatches Miyako in his tentacle as she screams.
Kaoru says: "Oh, no."
Miyako says: "Octi, it's me."
Kaoru says: "We're coming, Bubbles."
Octi/Him says: "I wouldn't if I were you."
Octi/Him says: "Now put down those silly weapons or Bubbles here gets punked."
Kaoru says: "Let her go, Him."
Octi/Him says: "Fine, then."
Octi/Him says: "Say goodbye."
Momoko says: "No, wait!"
Miyako says: "Huh?"
Momoko says: "We'll do it."
Kaoru says: "OK."
Miyako says: "I'm sorry."
Miyako says: "I have to protect Octi."
The 2 girls put down their weapons and Octi/Him has all 3 Girls in his tentacles.
On the ground.
Ken says: "Boy."
Ken says: "The girls are having a very bad day."
Back with Octi/Him containing the 3 Girls in his tentacles.
Octi/Him says: "Good."
Octi/Him says: "Now everyone can watch me defeat you."
Kaoru says: "Forget it, Him."
Kaoru says: "You're too weak to defeat us."
Octi/Him tightens his grip as they scream.
Miyako says: "No, Octi."
Miyako says: "Don't do this."
Him says: "What is that stuff?"
Him says: "It feels like acid."
The Girls are dropped and they stand up with Octi back to his original size in Miyako's arms.
Miyako says: "Ahhh."
Miyako says: "I knew you'd never let mean old Him control you."
Him appears in the sky.
Him says: "You may have won today, but you better watch it because I'll be back."
The Girls ignore Him.
Him says: "Hey, you're not listening."
Him says: "At least pay attention to me."
Miyako laughs as she hugs Octi.
Back on the ground.
Professor says: "Of course."
Professor says: "Bubbles' tears of pure love with the perfect chemical antidote combat the evil black dust."
Back with The Girls.
Momoko says: "That was a really dirty trick you pulled."
Miyako says: "Yeah."
Miyako says: "You're just a big bully."
Kaoru says: "Yeah."
Kaoru says: "Let's get him, guys."
Miyako says: "Bubbles catcher!"
Momoko says: "So go back to where you came from."
Kaoru says: "Hypersonic Swing!"
Him says: "I'll be someone you didn't see before, but I'll back."
Him says: "You will just see."
Him says: "I will come back."
We are with The Girls in a hand pile.
Miyako says: "Sorry if I got mad at you today."
Momoko says: "Yeah."
Momoko says: "It was all because of Him."
Momoko says: "We should've known."
Kaoru says: "Yeah."
Kaoru says: "We'd never do something like that to each other."
Miyako says: "Yeah."
Miyako says: "And thanks for helping me protect Octi, you guys."
Poochi says: "I'm just glad it's over."
We are with The Mayor and Miss Bellum.
The Mayor says: "I think we need to have a talk about loyalty."
Miss Bellum says: "You mean about what happened today with Mojo?"
Miss Bellum says: "You think I was working for him on purpose?"
The Mayor says: "It certainly seemed like that to me from where I was standing."
Miss Bellum says: "Sir, you don't understand."
Miss Bellum says: "I was only pretending to work for him so I could sabotage his plans."
Miss Bellum says: "But here, to make up it up to you."
The Mayor says: "Oh, yes, of course, Miss Bellum."
The Mayor says: "I knew it all along."
The Mayor says: "This is why I put you in charge in the first place."
Miss Bellum says: "I don't know, sir."
The Mayor says: "What?"
The Mayor says: "No, I'm telling the truth."
As The Mayor continues to talk, The Girls laugh it off.
Episode ends.