(Pull back; the view is part of a heart-shaped valentine she is holding. Around the outer perimeter says: "“To the best teacher in Townsville!"
which is decorated with small hearts says: "“To the best teacher in Townsville!"
this message is printed says: "“To the best teacher in Townsville!"
(Pull back; the view is part of a heart-shaped valentine she is holding. Around the outer perimeter says: "Love, Blossom."
which is decorated with small hearts says: "Love, Blossom."
this message is printed says: "Love, Blossom."
(Pull back; the view is part of a heart-shaped valentine she is holding. Around the outer perimeter says: "” We can see the edge of her desk and hear kids talking now."
which is decorated with small hearts says: "” We can see the edge of her desk and hear kids talking now."
this message is printed says: "” We can see the edge of her desk and hear kids talking now."
(Pull back; the view is part of a heart-shaped valentine she is holding. Around the outer perimeter says: ")"
which is decorated with small hearts says: ")"
this message is printed says: ")"
Ms. Keane says: "Thank you, Blossom."
She steps aside, and Bubbles takes her place. She is carrying a small valentine.
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane!"
Bubbles says: "Look at mine, look at mine!"
Head-on view of the desk at the end of this, the blackboard shows “Feb. 14—Happy Valentine’s Day” amid many hearts. Back to the original camera placement. Bubbles’ offering is a small card with a heart pierced by Cupid’s arrow.
Ms. Keane says: "I just love it!"
Now Buttercup runs up with a valentine that has globs of paste or glue dripping from it.
Buttercup says: "Here’s mine, Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane."
Ms. Keane says: "Thank you, Buttercup."
Ms. Keane says: "Uh…excellent use of, uh, glue."
Buttercup beams at the praise, faint though it may be, and runs across the room to join the other kids. She joins Mitch Mitchellson and a girl to play with toy cars, while Bubbles paints and Blossom works on more valentines with three other girls at a nearby desk. These speak next.
Girl 1 says: "Isn’t Valentine’s Day romantic?"
Clara says: "Yeah."
Clara says: "My parents are going out for a special dinner."
Girl 3 says: "My sister has a big date tonight."
Back to Mitch and company on the end of this line.' He makes retching noises, clutching his throat and poking an index finger toward his mouth to portray his disgust with all this sap. The display amuses Buttercup and the other girl, but Ms. Keane puts a stop to it when she steps up.
Ms. Keane says: "Mitch!"
Ms. Keane says: "Stop that!"
Ms. Keane says: "Or your face will freeze that way."
Mitch says: "Awesome!"
Blossom says: "Where are you going out tonight, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane?"
Bubbles says: "Yeah, who’s your sweetheart?"
Ms. Keane says: "Sweetheart?"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, no, girls."
Ms. Keane says: "I don’t have time for that."
Ms. Keane says: "I have much too much work to do for that sort of thing."
The girls trade a slightly worried look at this remark. Fade to black.
Snap to a close-up of a surprised-looking young woman with long black hair and light blue eyes, the exact color of Ms. Keane’s. She wears a red dress and large diamond earrings, and is standing in a darkly paneled room. The quality of the image gives it away as part of a TV show.
Young woman says: "Why, Derek."
Pull back; the room is decorated with a chandelier and lit candles everywhere. A muscular young man is before her on one knee and holding one of her hands—this is Derek.
Young woman says: "What is all this?"
Derek says: "Oh, Gabrielle."
Derek says: "Long has my heart ached for you."
Derek says: "Your raven hair, your sapphire eyes, your ruby lips."
Derek says: "Though I could not summon the courage before, Cupid’s bow has given me strength on this, the eve of love."
Derek says: "Gabrielle, will you marry me?"
Cut to them in the living room at home; they have been watching this soap opera. Pan from them to the kitchen doorway, where he has poked his head out.
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "Dinner!"
Professor says: "I made something special."
(Close-up of the main course says: "a large, heart-shaped meatloaf with “BE MINE” and some hearts drawn on it in ketchup."
(Close-up of the main course says: ")"
Blossom says: "Professor, why aren’t you going out for dinner?"
Professor says: "Out?"
Buttercup says: "You know, on a date?"
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "Who’s your sweetheart?"
Professor says: "Sweetheart?"
Professor says: "I have much too much work to do for that sort of thing."
Like with Mrs.Bellum before him,girls trade another look like they did earlier this day at school, however this time they conjure an idea and they trade different look, this one sly and calculating. Fade to black. Since they heard the same answer from the professor as they heard from Mrs. Keane at school, the girls saw their perfect matchmaking.
Snap to a close-up of a small orange cat, the same shade as Ms. Keane’s shirt. It is asleep and purring quietly; pull back to show it on a cushion next to the teacher. She sits in a round chair not unlike those seen during the candidate testing in Men in Black, and she works with books scattered around her. This is her living room—the first time we have seen her at home. The doorbell rings, and she goes to answer. Her cat trails behind; its eyes are the same color as hers.
Ms. Keane says: "Now who could that be, Valentino?"
Cut to outside the door—number 74A—as she opens it and looks out.
Ms. Keane says: "Hello?"
She looks down, the camera following her gaze to the doorstep. Valentino the cat is looking down there as well; on the welcome mat is a pink rose and a note addressed to Ms. Keane. She picks these up; cut to inside as she looks the message over.
Derek says: "My dearest Ms."
Her perspective of the note, which is written in a very neat hand—Blossom’s, as will be established in the next episode, “Not So Awesome Blossom.”.
Derek says: "Long has my heart ached for you."
Derek says: "Your raven hair, your sapphire eyes, and your orange vest."
Derek says: "Though I could not summon—"
Cut to the Professor in his living room. He is holding a red rose and studying his own note.
Gabrielle says: "—"
Gabrielle says: "the courage to speak to you before, Cupid’s bow has given me strength on this, the eve of love."
Gabrielle says: "Please, meet me at the finest restaurant in Townsville, at the corner of Amore Avenue and Passion Parkway."
[Error says: "Ms."
[Error says: "Keane’s note reads “this eve of love."
(When these roads are mentioned says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
cut to a street sign at their intersection. It is now evening. From here says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
turn down to a nearby restaurant—Pete’s-A Pizza says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
whose sign betrays it as a place much like Chuck E. Cheese’s says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
displays the mascot says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
a mustachioed dog in a bow tie. The Professor’s car is parked in front; evidently this is the rendezvous point. Inside says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
a band of robot animals is playing a show on stage. Turn down from here to show several little kids laughing says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
cheering in front says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
but the Professor sits alone at a table says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
looks as if he is about to die of embarrassment. He is dressed to the nines says: "dinner jacket, bow tie, flower in his buttonhole."
(When these roads are mentioned says: ")"
cut to a street sign at their intersection. It is now evening. From here says: ")"
turn down to a nearby restaurant—Pete’s-A Pizza says: ")"
whose sign betrays it as a place much like Chuck E. Cheese’s says: ")"
displays the mascot says: ")"
a mustachioed dog in a bow tie. The Professor’s car is parked in front; evidently this is the rendezvous point. Inside says: ")"
a band of robot animals is playing a show on stage. Turn down from here to show several little kids laughing says: ")"
cheering in front says: ")"
but the Professor sits alone at a table says: ")"
looks as if he is about to die of embarrassment. He is dressed to the nines says: ")"
(Cut to Ms. Keane just inside the door. She too has broken out the good duds says: "little black dress, earrings, necklace, bracelet, makeup, small purse—"
(Cut to Ms. Keane just inside the door. She too has broken out the good duds says: "and she too looks hopelessly out of place here."
(Cut to Ms. Keane just inside the door. She too has broken out the good duds says: "Pull back all the way across the room, past the game area, to put the Professor in the fore; he is truly shocked as he looks sidelong at her."
(Cut to Ms. Keane just inside the door. She too has broken out the good duds says: ")"
Professor says: "Oh, no!"
Professor says: "Ms."
Professor says: "Keane is my secret admirer?"
Close-up of him; he forces a smile and waves. Pull back to put her in the fore—equally shocked.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, no!"
Ms. Keane says: "Professor Utonium is my secret admirer?"
(The camera follows her as she walks through the game area to reach his table; now she too has stuck on a smile. The usual accouterments are present says: "video games, Skee-Ball, Whack-a-Mole, a tank of rubber balls for kids to jump around in, and so forth."
(The camera follows her as she walks through the game area to reach his table; now she too has stuck on a smile. The usual accouterments are present says: ")"
Professor says: "So, Ms."
Professor says: "Keane."
Professor says: "How, uh…how are you?"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, um…fine, and yourself?"
Pause.' Both adults plaster artificially wide grins on their faces. The rest of the conversation continues in this manner.
Professor says: "Good, good."
Professor says: "Yep-ah."
Ms. Keane says: "Mmm-hmm."
They seize their glasses simultaneously; cut to his side as he drains his.
Ms. Keane says: "Uh…yes, it’s, um…it’s nice and wet."
Professor says: "I love how they put ice in it here."
Ms. Keane says: "Yeah, it really gives it that zing."
Pull back. Both mutter a bit before a very bored waiter walks up to the table. He wears a dog suit that matches the mascot on the sign, with a tuxedo jacket and shirt added.
Waiter says: "Bow-a wow-a wow-a, can I take your order now-a?"
Professor says: "Yes!"
Ms. Keane says: "Yes!"
Cut to Buttercup, who is mostly buried in the ball tank and rather ill at ease. She and her sisters speak a bit more softly than normal on their next five lines.
Buttercup says: "Oh, this is a stupid hiding place!"
Blossom says: "Oh, calm down."
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Can you see anything!"
Bubbles says: "Hold on."
Close-up of her eyes amid the balls, then pull back to put the two adults in the fore—she has a direct line of sight from her spot in the tank. The pizza has been served, and they are eating; Ms. Keane has her back to the camera.
Bubbles says: "Oh, you guys!"
Bubbles says: "You should see how she’s looking at him!"
Close-up of the table, the camera just behind the Professor.' “How she’s looking at him” is with a wide-eyed, stunned look—surprise and nerves rather than affection, though.
Bubbles says: "She’s falling in love!"
Professor says: "What?"
Professor says: "What?"
Professor says: "What is it?"
Ms. Keane says: "Look behind you, Professor."
He does so and spots the girls in the ball tank; they dive out of sight, he smiles, and both adults laugh at the realization that they have been set up.
Ms. Keane says: "You didn’t send—"
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "me a secret-admirer note."
Professor says: "No!"
Ms. Keane says: "No!"
Both laugh. Fade to black.
Snap to a street that same evening. The Professor’s car rolls up and parks in front of a particular house; cut to the back seat, where the girls are looking very dejected. He leans in at the window as the two front doors close o.c.
Professor says: "Wait here, girls."
Professor says: "I’ll walk Ms."
Professor says: "Keane to her door."
Professor says: "Try not to be disappointed, girls."
Professor says: "Besides, if we started seeing each other, we wouldn’t have as much time to spend with you."
He and Ms. Keane go up to her front walk.
Ms. Keane says: "The girls really had their hopes up."
Ms. Keane says: "Do you think they’ll be okay?"
Professor says: "Oh, they’re a little disappointed, but I think they’ll be okay."
Ms. Keane says: "Oh!"
(Slow motion says: "she tumbles headlong toward the ground, and he dashes forward to catch her."
(Slow motion says: ")"
Professor says: "NOOOO!"
Normal speed resumes. He grabs her around the waist and pulls her to himself to stop her fall, and they hold this position for several long seconds. Alternate between shots of him and her twice, pulling back slowly the first time and zooming in the second. During this sequence, their eyes are wide with bewilderment and indecision—what to do next?—and we see heart-shaped craters on the full moon and hear their steadily accelerating heartbeats. Finally, the camera pulls back to show them standing in a pink, heart-shaped pool of light—and they hurriedly break the tableau and stand up. Facing away from each other, they blush and laugh nervously. Cut to just in front of them, their shadows cast long toward the street; they join hands, and the camera turns up to point at the car. The girls watch, smiling—mission accomplished. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the house the next morning.
Bubbles says: "We did it!"
Inside, she is in her nightgown and jumping on the bed.
Bubbles says: "We did it!"
Bubbles says: "We did it!"
Bubbles says: "We did it!"
Bubbles says: "We did it!"
Bubbles says: "We…  …did it!"
Buttercup is also in her nightgown and reaching into one of the vanity’s drawers.
Bubbles says: "What if they get married?"
Buttercup says: "Eww, Bubbles, gross-out!"
Now Blossom joins them; she too is in her nightgown, with empty coat hangers in hand.
Blossom says: "Hey, you guys, we don’t have any clean dresses."
Girls says: "Huh?"
Buttercup flies to the kitchen table and finds it bare.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Buttercup says: "Where’s our breakfast?"
Bubbles says: "And where are our lunchboxes?"
Blossom says: "Something must have happened to—"
Girls says: "Professor!"
Cut to a close-up of him and pull back. He is on a weight bench in the garage. A barbell rests across his chest, and he is having no luck lifting it. For this attempted workout, he has changed into a T-shirt that reads “NO PAIN NO PAIN,” along with shorts, sneakers, and athletic socks. Bubbles and Buttercup lift the weight and set it back in its resting place as Blossom joins them.
Blossom says: "Professor, what are you doing?"
Professor says: "Working out."
Professor says: "Getting buff."
Professor says: "You know, the ladies don’t go for those skinny scientist types."
Professor says: "I gotta be manly for my new honeybunny."
The girls are at a brief loss for words upon hearing this. Buttercup lets her tongue loll out, making no effort to hide her disgust.
Blossom says: "O…kay."
Blossom says: "Uh, Professor, we’re kinda late for school, and—"
Buttercup says: "Finally!"
Professor says: "Here."
Bubbles says: "Professor!"
Bubbles says: "Thank you!"
Professor says: "That’s not for you, Bubbles, that’s for Ms."
Professor says: "Keane."
Professor says: "Could you give it to her?"
Professor says: "Okay, thanks."
Professor says: "Bye-bye."
He goes back into the house, pulling the door shut behind himself. The girls trade a puzzled look. Cut to the exterior of the house as they take off; a quick spin of the camera and they arrive at Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Inside, the front door flies open and they stand on the step. They have now put on their dresses.
Girls says: "Sorry we’re late, Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
(She steps into view behind them says: "orange blouse, red vest, a brown skirt that stops above her knees, a red scarf tied over her hair, oversized sunglasses, hoop earrings."
the camera turning up to her. Her usual choice of clothing has given way to a rather different look says: "orange blouse, red vest, a brown skirt that stops above her knees, a red scarf tied over her hair, oversized sunglasses, hoop earrings."
(She steps into view behind them says: "She wears makeup and carries several shopping bags."
the camera turning up to her. Her usual choice of clothing has given way to a rather different look says: "She wears makeup and carries several shopping bags."
(She steps into view behind them says: ")"
the camera turning up to her. Her usual choice of clothing has given way to a rather different look says: ")"
[Animation goof says: "A gold bracelet will appear and disappear from her wrist from here on in."
Ms. Keane says: "Sorry I’m late, children."
Ms. Keane says: "I stopped by the mall to pick up a few things, and time just got away from me."
On the end of this, she removes her sunglasses and scarf, revealing still more makeup that was hidden beneath them. It takes a moment for the girls to sort this all out.
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane!"
Blossom says: "What happened to you?"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh!"
Ms. Keane says: "You like?"
Ms. Keane says: "I gotta be beautiful for my new pooky bear."
Back to the girls at the end of this; Blossom and Bubbles look a little off-balance, but Buttercup just looks disgusted again. After Ms. Keane finishes, all three suddenly look as if the entire world has just taken a hairpin turn into the left-field without bothering to tell them. After a moment, Bubbles looks down at the Professor’s teddy bear, Buttercup claps a hand to her face, and Blossom tries to sort the whole mess out in her head.
Bubbles says: "Uh…speaking of bears—"
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "…Oh."
Blossom says: "It’s Pooky—"
Blossom says: "I mean, Professor."
At the mention of the caller, their teacher gasps ecstatically, makes a lightning-fast grab for the receiver, and hugs it to herself.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh!"
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, okay."
Ms. Keane says: "Pull yourself together."
She takes a deep breath, lifts the receiver to her ear, and listens intently—only to realize that everybody in the room is staring at her as the camera pulls back to frame them all. Back to her.
Ms. Keane says: "Uh…  …um…recess!"
The kids cheer and start engaging in various messy play activities. Pan slowly to the window, where the girls are floating and surveying the scene with great trepidation. A ball is flung into view, narrowly missing them and smashing the glass. Bubbles still has that teddy bear.
Buttercup says: "This is awful!"
Buttercup says: "Setting up Professor and Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane is ruining our whole lives!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Blossom says: "Well, at least we can still fight crime."
Cut to just inside the closed door of the Mayor’s office. Ms. Bellum bursts in.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor!"
Cut to him, reading a comic book at his desk. The hotline sits nearby.
Ms. Bellum says: "There’s been a robbery!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Call the girls!"
Mayor says: "Right!"
Mayor says: "Oh, Blos—"
The sound of another voice on the line brings him up short—it is the Professor, sounding ready for a little pillow talk. Ms. Keane sounds likewise when she responds.
* Professor says: "So how you doin’, cutie pie?"
Mayor says: "Oh!"
* Ms. Keane says: "Oh, just fine, fuzzy muffin."
* Professor says: "I’m so happy to hear that, sweetie pants."
* Ms. Keane says: "Oh, well, aren’t you sweet, cuddlefish?"
Ms. Bellum steps up. The exchange of pet names continues under the next few lines.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor, what are you doing?"
Mayor says: "Shh!"
Mayor says: "Somebody’s on the other line."
Ms. Bellum says: "So?"
Mayor says: "Well, I don’t want to interrupt."
Ms. Bellum says: "Why not?"
Mayor says: "Because…that would be rude."
Ms. Bellum groans in unbridled disgust. Fade to black.
Fade into the Professor at home; he is lounging on the couch, back in his usual attire, hotline receiver in hand and snacks and a book scattered around himself.
Professor says: "No, you are, pumpkin pants."
As he says this, pull back and pan across the living room, which is an unholy mess. The girls are reluctantly filling a trash bag with the debris—someone has been neglecting his housework.
* Ms. Keane says: "No, you are, love bucket."
Dissolve to the Mayor’s office in the evening. Ms. Bellum looks out the window as a monster stomps down the street.
* Professor says: "Only if you say so, snuggle puppy."
* Ms. Keane says: "Well, I certainly do, honeybunny."
Dissolve to her on the phone at school; she is filing her nails as the conversation continues.
* Professor says: "Then thank you, wormypiggums."
On this line, pan away from her to the blackboard, where several children—including Buttercup—are committing grievous offenses against the alphabet, spelling, and arithmetic. Blossom and Bubbles trade a very uneasy look.
Ms. Keane says: "You’re very welcome, snootypoo."
Dissolve to the Mayor’s office. Now the skyline has been ravaged and flying saucers strafe anything left standing. Ms. Bellum sits on the couch, a hand to her face.
* Professor says: "What are you up to, lumpy bones?"
* Ms. Keane says: "Teachin’ a class, sugar cookie."
* Professor says: "Ooh, that sounds like fun, cheesy quesadilla."
On the end of this, dissolve to him as he carries the hotline through the kitchen at home; the place is a disaster area. He passes the girls at the table as he goes. Bubbles and Buttercup, seated, eye plates of some unidentifiable slop in front of them, while Blossom floats nearby with a pot of this stuff and a serving spoon in hand. She has tried to cook a meal.
* Ms. Keane says: "Well, it is, shlubbypuff."
Professor says: "Well, good, then, lovey bear."
Blossom’s sisters stick their tongues out at whatever it is she has dished up and pushed their plates away. She is hurt by the rejection. Dissolve to the Mayor’s office; now the city is in flames and Ms. Bellum has collapsed onto the couch to hide her grief.
* Ms. Keane says: "What are you up to, duck-billed platypus?"
* Professor says: "Oh, inventin’ stuff, googly moogly."
Dissolve to Ms. Keane at home. She carries the hotline—borrowed from school, it would seem—through the living room, which is also a complete wreck. Her hair is in curlers, and cold cream is smeared on her face. She passes Valentino, who looks forlornly down at a food dish filled only with cobwebs—not only has someone else forgotten her housework, she has also not fed the cat.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, you’re so smart, physics pants."
* Professor says: "Not as smart as you are, apple dumplin’."
(Dissolve to a close-up of a note says: "“$50,000 IF YOU EVER WANT TO SEE YOUR SECRETARY AGAIN!"
* Ms. Keane says: "Stop, silly billy."
* Professor says: "No, I won’t, sticky bun."
On this line, pull back to show the note on the floor in front of the couch in the Mayor’s office.' Ms. Bellum is nowhere to be seen; neither are most of the buildings. Only pieces of charred ironwork are still standing under a sky that has gone gray with soot. Pan to the Mayor, who is still listening in after all this time. The bows are gone from his mustache.
* Ms. Keane says: "You’re so funny, poogly pie."
* Professor says: "No, you are, sugar booger."
* Ms. Keane says: "No, you are, cutie patootie."
On the end of this, cut to a split-screen view of the two lovebirds. Each one’s domicile has been cleaned up, and Ms. Keane looks as she usually does. The Mayor’s sneeze is heard over the line.
Professor says: "Gesundheit!"
Ms. Keane says: "Gesundheit!"
Professor says: "* Mayor: Thank you."
Ms. Keane says: "* Mayor: Thank you."
Professor says: "Hello?"
Ms. Keane says: "Hello?"
The Professor’s half of the screen splits again to put the Mayor in view.
Mayor says: "Uh…hello."
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Ms. Keane says: "We’ve been tying up the hotline, haven’t we?"
Mayor says: "No, no…well, yeah."
Mayor says: "But that’s okay."
Professor says: "No, it was very irresponsible of us."
Ms. Keane says: "We got carried away."
Ms. Keane says: "I haven’t even been grading the children’s homework."
Mayor says: "Oh, yeah, you gotta do that."
Professor says: "And I haven’t invented anything in weeks."
Mayor says: "And you invent the best stuff, too."
Ms. Keane says: "And I’ve been neglecting Valentino."
Mayor says: "Poor, poor Valentino."
Professor says: "Who’s Valentino?"
Mayor says: "Yeah, who’s Valentino?"
Ms. Keane says: "My cat."
Mayor says: "Aww, a kitty!"
Mayor says: "Meow!"
Professor says: "You have a cat."
Ms. Keane says: "Yes."
Ms. Keane says: "Don’t you like cats?"
Professor says: "Well…I had a really bad experience with a cat once."
Note; He is referring to “Cat Man Do.”.
From here on, the tone of the conversation becomes increasingly hostile.
Ms. Keane says: "Well, it couldn’t have been that bad."
Professor says: "It made me jump off a building!"
Ms. Keane says: "That’s ridiculous!"
Professor says: "What?"
Professor says: "You don’t believe me?"
Ms. Keane says: "I don’t think I could date a man who hated cats so much, he had to make up ridiculous stories."
Professor says: "Well, I don’t think I could date a woman who didn’t believe my ridiculous stories!"
Ms. Keane says: "Well, maybe you shouldn’t, then!"
Professor says: "Then maybe I won’t!"
Ms. Keane says: "Fine!"
Ms. Keane says: "Don’t, then!"
Professor says: "Fine!"
Professor says: "I won’t!"
Ms. Keane says: "Fine!"
Professor says: "Fine!"
Ms. Keane says: "Fine!"
Professor says: "Fine!"
Both hang up at once; the Mayor, however, does not. The split-screen view gives way to the Professor, who is now sulking on the living room couch. A moment later, the hotline starts to buzz; he casts an angry eye at it and snatches up the receiver.
Professor says: "WHAT?!"
Professor says: "!"
* Mayor says: "Uh, can I talk to the girls?"
Professor says: "Um…girls?"
In an instant, they are in the living room and ready to do what they do best.
Professor says: "Townsville’s in trouble."
Buttercup says: "Oh, finally, some action!"
The background for the end shot comes up.
A rather bewildered Valentino appears alone.
Narrator says: "…Ms."
Narrator says: "Keane’s cat, I guess."
Narrator says: "Nice Valentino."