Professor says: "The city of Townsville?"
Pull back. The view is that from a window in his lab. He stands nearby, phone in one hand and mop in the other - taking a break from cleaning up the place to speak with whoever is on the other end of the call.
Professor says: "It's about fifteen miles east of the 101."
Professor says: "Take the 210 to the Harbor Freeway exit south."
Professor says: "It's the third house on the left."
Professor says: "Bye!"
(He hangs up. Camera shift says: "the girls stand across the lab from him and are helping with the cleanup."
(He hangs up. Camera shift says: ")"
Girls says: "Who was that?"
Professor says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "Oh, that was my old college buddy and roommate, Dick Hardly."
(The scene undergoes a wavering dissolve to a view of the Professor in his earlier days. He is working intently at a desk loaded with beakers says: "he has no lab coat, and his shirt sleeves are short rather than long."
flasks. His hair sweeps down a bit lower over his eyes says: "he has no lab coat, and his shirt sleeves are short rather than long."
he wears nearly the same clothes he uses in the present. Two differences says: "he has no lab coat, and his shirt sleeves are short rather than long."
(The scene undergoes a wavering dissolve to a view of the Professor in his earlier days. He is working intently at a desk loaded with beakers says: ")"
flasks. His hair sweeps down a bit lower over his eyes says: ")"
he wears nearly the same clothes he uses in the present. Two differences says: ")"
Professor says: "Aw, gosh."
Professor says: "I remember those late nights, working side by side on our lab assignments."
(On this last says: "clothes scattered everywhere, Grateful Dead poster on the wall, lava lamp on a stereo speaker by the door, even a couple of liquor bottles lying about."
pull back says: "clothes scattered everywhere, Grateful Dead poster on the wall, lava lamp on a stereo speaker by the door, even a couple of liquor bottles lying about."
pan across the room - a college dorm room says: "clothes scattered everywhere, Grateful Dead poster on the wall, lava lamp on a stereo speaker by the door, even a couple of liquor bottles lying about."
as evidenced by the bunk beds. The Professor's half is neat as a pin says: "clothes scattered everywhere, Grateful Dead poster on the wall, lava lamp on a stereo speaker by the door, even a couple of liquor bottles lying about."
but the other half is a total wreck says: "clothes scattered everywhere, Grateful Dead poster on the wall, lava lamp on a stereo speaker by the door, even a couple of liquor bottles lying about."
(On this last says: "The bottom bunk has been made with hospital corners, marking it as the Professor's."
pull back says: "The bottom bunk has been made with hospital corners, marking it as the Professor's."
pan across the room - a college dorm room says: "The bottom bunk has been made with hospital corners, marking it as the Professor's."
as evidenced by the bunk beds. The Professor's half is neat as a pin says: "The bottom bunk has been made with hospital corners, marking it as the Professor's."
but the other half is a total wreck says: "The bottom bunk has been made with hospital corners, marking it as the Professor's."
(On this last says: "The top one sports rumpled sheets that have apparently not been washed in quite some time."
pull back says: "The top one sports rumpled sheets that have apparently not been washed in quite some time."
pan across the room - a college dorm room says: "The top one sports rumpled sheets that have apparently not been washed in quite some time."
as evidenced by the bunk beds. The Professor's half is neat as a pin says: "The top one sports rumpled sheets that have apparently not been washed in quite some time."
but the other half is a total wreck says: "The top one sports rumpled sheets that have apparently not been washed in quite some time."
(On this last says: ")"
pull back says: ")"
pan across the room - a college dorm room says: ")"
as evidenced by the bunk beds. The Professor's half is neat as a pin says: ")"
but the other half is a total wreck says: ")"
At the door, on his way out, is the Professor's roommate. This fellow wears shoulder-length blond hair swept back, a broad-collar shirt open at the neck, pink-tinted glasses, and a deep tan. He looks and sounds somewhat like Dexter's father on Dexter's Laboratory, but more of a youthful smooth talker. This is Dick Hardley's past counterpart.
Student Dick says: "Hey, Utonium, make sure you finish our homework before I get back."
Opening the door partway, he finds an attractive coed waiting outside.
Student Dick says: "Hel-lo, Betty."
Coed says: "I brought my mom along."
Coed says: "I hope that's okay."
Student Dick says: "Hey, Utonium, I got a new assignment..."
Cut to the college chemistry lab, with the two roommates in attendance, then to a close-up of them as the Professor's narrative continues. They are working on an experiment. Student Prof applies a flame to the base of a flask, while Student Dick looks away from his as if he would rather be out partying than working on his assignments with his roommate.
Professor says: "Yes."
Professor says: "He was a veritable wellspring of resourcefulness."
Student Dick gets an idea and reaches around behind his partner, tapping him on the far shoulder. The latter sounds much as he does today, but his voice is not as deep.
Student Prof says: "Huh?"
While his attention is diverted, Student Dick uses the opportunity to switch the two flasks. The roommate looks back at him, puzzled, and he whistles innocently for a moment before giving a broad, reassuring grin. Unaware of the switch, Student Prof adds a drop of a chemical to Dick's flask, only to have the mixture explode in his face. Student Dick, meanwhile, adds a drop to the Professor's, causing it to fizz and emit a miniature fireworks display complete with American flags sprouting from the flask's mouth. He feigns surprise, then smiles in triumph as the rest of the class - Student Prof included - gathers around the bench to applaud him, with no one, not even the Professor, aware of Dick's little switch to get the credit and glory himself instead of the Professor.
Cut to the night sky, filled with stars.
Professor says: "We explored and discovered the universe together."
Pull back. This view is the image in the objective lens of a telescope Student Prof is using to do a little stargazing from the balcony. A second instrument is partially visible at left, but it is pointed down rather than up.
Student Prof says: "Wow!"
Student Prof says: "This is so exciting, Dick!"
Pan slightly left. Student Dick stands next to him, looking down through the second scope with a leer fixed on his face.
Student Prof says: "We can see so much with these telescopes!"
(Student Dick's perspective says: "he is looking through a window across the street, at two coeds in their underwear and lounging on a bed."
(Student Dick's perspective says: ")"
Student Dick says: "Yeah..."
Student Dick says: "exciting..."
Wavering dissolve back to the Professor in the present.
Professor says: "Yeah, those were exciting days."
Professor says: "Oh..."
Professor says: "there he is now!"
Outside, at the bell by the front door. A finger presses it a few times. Cut to behind the owner of said finger and turn up quickly to the head. The individual wears black moccasins and pants, a long white coat similar to the Professor's, and carefully styled blond hair in a small ponytail. When he stops ringing, he throws a distrustful glance back at the camera - it is Dick, but his glasses are now tinted blue instead of pink.
Next to the door is a mailbox filled with the day's deliveries. He pulls the stack out and starts to look it over. On top is a magazine entitled Science Fun. When he speaks, he sounds much as he did during the flashback, but a little deeper.
Dick says: "Geez, still into the science stuff, huh?"
Dick says: "What a geek."
The door suddenly opens, and the Professor gets a good look at his old roommate.
Professor says: "Dick!"
Dick says: "Oh!"
Dick says: "I got your mail here."
Cut to just inside the door. Now we can see that Dick's coat has no pocket and a collar that resembles the style he wore in college. He wears a pink shirt underneath.
Professor says: "Oh, thank you."
Dick says: "Yeah, you should probably pay that bill pretty soon."
Professor says: "Um, thanks."
Professor says: "So what brings you to Townsville?"
Dick says: "Oh..."
Dick says: "I was just in the neighborhood and wanted to see what the old roommate was up to."
Dick says: "So, you gonna let me in or what?"
Professor says: "Sure, sure, come on in."
Dick says: "So, what you working on these days?"
Dick says: "How you making money?"
Dick says: "Where's the lab?"
Professor says: "Oh, you don't want to go in there."
Professor says: "The girls are cleaning it up."
Professor says: "It's a mess."
Dick says: "Yes, I do."
Dick says: "I want to see what you've been up to."
Dick says: "All right, kids, go play somewhere else."
Dick says: "Your old man and me have some business to..."
Dick says: "dis..."
Dick says: "cuss."
On the end of this, the sound of the girls in flight is heard, and his eyes go wide as he trails off upon getting his first look at them personally. They are zipping around the lab, putting the place in order at top speed. Dick stares, speechless, as they keep working. Blossom runs the vacuum cleaner, and Bubbles picks up a large piece of equipment to give her a clear shot at the floor underneath. Dick grins, now watching Buttercup eye a collection of cobwebs and blow a gust of air to sweep them up. This turns into a small tornado that works its way toward Blossom and then dissipates, leaving the collected dust in a pile. She zaps this with her eye lasers, vaporizing every grain.
Now dollar signs appear in Dick's eyes as he has gotten a truly greedy, money-making idea. Pull back as the Professor approaches from the hall and puts a hand on his shoulder.
Professor says: "I see you've met my girls."
Girls says: "Nice to meet you, Professor Dick."
Dick says: "What do you mean, your girls?"
Dick says: "You mean you made those things?"
Professor says: "Um..."
Professor says: "well..."
Professor says: "technically."
Professor says: "But I am their father."
Dick says: "You're sitting on a gold mine here!"
Dick says: "I knew you would turn one of your little inventions into a cash cow."
Dick says: "We could make a fortune with these things!"
Professor says: "Uh, Dick..."
Dick says: "This is bigger than Bowplus."
Dick says: "I mean, big!"
Professor says: "Dick..."
Dick says: "I'm talking global, baby."
Dick says: "The Japanese will eat these things up!"
Dick says: "Hey, you think we could market them as a food?"
Professor says: "Dick!"
Professor says: "Dick!"
Professor says: "DICK!!"
Dick says: "What?!"
Dick says: "!"
Professor says: "May I have a word with you outside..."
Professor says: "old buddy?"
The exterior of the house. The two men step out onto the front lawn. When the Professor speaks, his tone recalls his reaction to Bernie Bernstein's attempt to exploit the girls in "Film Flam", and he does not want a repeat of that, even with and/or from an old friend from college.
Professor says: "Listen."
Professor says: "I don't appreciate you referring to my girls in that manner."
Dick says: "Come on!"
Professor says: "Come on, nothing!"
Professor says: "You just keep clear of me and my kids, pal."
Dick says: "Come on, Utonium!"
Dick says: "Let's talk a..."
Dick says: "bout it."
This time, the reason for his trailing off is the closing of the window blinds. He stands still for a moment, then turns away from them and begins to think, deciding if he can't sweet talk the Professor into using the Girls as money makers, he'll simply go around him and behind his back to do it.
Dick says: "Hmmm..."
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "hmmm..."
Cut to Pokey Oaks Kindergarten, seen from the street. The school bell is ringing, and kids charge happily out the door to head home. The girls are last to leave. When they reach the street, a muscle car pulls up and blocks them from view. The camera shifts to just behind the girls, and now we see the driver's side window down and Dick leaning out to address them.
Dick says: "Hey, girls."
Dick says: "Come here for a sec."
Dick says: "I want to talk to you."
Blossom says: "We're not allowed to talk to strangers."
Dick says: "Stranger?"
Dick says: "I'm no stranger, I'm the Professor's buddy."
Blossom says: "Oh, yeah, you're Professor Dick."
Blossom says: "Cool car!"
Dick says: "Thanks."
Dick says: "You want a ride home?"
(The car squeals away - its license plate is seen says: ""PROF-DIK" - and rolls through the streets of Townsville."
(The car squeals away - its license plate is seen says: ")"
Dick says: "But you know, I've been all over the world, and there sure is a lot of evil out there."
Dick says: "It's too bad there aren't more of you girls out there to help save everybody."
Dick says: "Gee, if there was only a way to make more of you girls, we could help save people all over the world..."
Dick says: "and that would be good, huh?"
Bubbles says: "Uh, yeah!"
Dick says: "Tell me, what exactly are you girls made of?"
Bubbles says: "Sugar..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "spice..."
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "and everything nice."
Bubbles says: "Oh, and an accidental dose of Chemical X."
Dick says: "Wow!"
Dick says: "Sounds like you could do a lot of saving with that stuff."
The car pulls up in front of the house.
Dick says: "Well, here we are."
Dick says: "Well, I guess I'll see you later, girls."
Dick says: "But, boy..."
Dick says: "I sure wish I had some of that Chemical X."
Dick says: "I mean..."
Dick says: "for the good of the world and all."
The girls sit quietly and mull this over a bit, after which Bubbles nods and the other two smile.
Blossom says: "Hey, Professor Dick?"
Blossom says: "Wait here for a sec, okay?"
They float to the front door and enter the house. Cut to the Professor inside, reading the paper. The girls float past behind him.
Girls says: "Hi, Professor!"
Professor says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "Oh, hi, girls."
He goes back to his reading, and all is peaceful again for a moment.
Girls says: "Bye, Professor!"
The street again. The girls zip to the car, and the camera cuts to Dick's window as they approach him. Blossom is carrying a bottle of the now-familiar black liquid marked with the now-familiar large X, and he reaches eagerly for this.
Dick says: "Gimme, gimme!"
Dick says: "Yes..."
Dick says: "yes..."
Pull back down the street, behind the car. The girls watch as it speeds away now that Dick has what he needs to carry out his evil plan he thought of earlier, and they are totally unaware of his true, greedy intentions.
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "YEEESSS!!!"
Fade to black.
Snap to a padlocked gate in a chain-link fence. It bears signs that read "KEEP OUT!" and "ABANDONED EVIL FACTORY." Dick reaches into view with a pair of bolt cutters and breaks the lock. The gate swings open once no longer restrained by the padlock and chain, and his car barrels through. Turn up to point along the road, which winds along a narrow ridge over the water and stops at an old factory on its end. It is now nighttime. The car pulls up and stops as the camera zooms in slightly.
Cut to him inside, pouring sugar from a box.
Dick says: "Sugar..."
Fade to black, then snap to him adding spices from a couple of shakers.
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "spice..."
Fade to black, then snap to him dumping a bucketful of the "everything nice" mixture as seen in the show opening. The youthful background laughter from that sequence is heard as he continues.
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "and everything nice."
Fade to black, then snap to the bottle of Chemical X as he reaches into view for it.
Dick says: "And an accidental dose of..."
Cut to him, standing by a large vat full of the ingredients and with a medicine dropper in hand.
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "Chemical X!"
Extreme close-up of a single drop being squeezed from the dropper. It hangs for a moment and finally falls free. Cut to the outside.
Dick says: "Oops."
An explosion shakes the building, sending flashes of light from the windows and black smoke from the chimneys. Back to Dick, now lying dazed against the wall and with his clothes in tatters, similar to what happened to the Professor when he first created the Powerpuff Girls in his own lab at home. The entire room is bathed in brilliant white light. He has his hand to his eyes to shield them from the glare. He takes his hand away, and his eyes pop as the camera pulls back across the room to stop just behind a pair of feet that look like those of the girls. He smiles and begins to laugh - softly at first, then more heartily and madly as the view fades to black. His evil plan to use his own Powerpuff Girls for monetary gain and greed is about to become a reality.
Part Two.
Snap to a view of the New York skyline, seen from a distance with the Statue of Liberty in the foreground. A voice begins to speak.
Voice says: "The crime rate has jumped, Mr."
Voice says: "Mayor, a whopping eighty-six percent."
As the voice speaks, cut to a meeting room where several officials are gathered and a man sits at a desk in the corner. The speaker is an aide standing by a graph labeled "NY CRIME" and has been addressing himself to the man at the desk - the Mayor of New York. After he finishes, pan left across the room to the door, which opens to admit Dick.
Dick says: "Eighty-seven, to be exact."
As he continues, he wheels in a cart with something covered by a cloth on it. Six Powerpuff feet are seen below the cloth's edges.
Dick says: "If I could just take a moment of your time, gentlemen, to illustrate..."
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "not yet!"
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "maintains a crime rate percentage ratio of point zero-zero-three over zero."
Dick says: "Do you know how?"
Cut to the aide, now standing next to the Mayor. Both remain silent, unsure of what to say to answer Dick's question regarding comparing New York to Townsville with their crime rates.
Dick says: "Behold..."
Dick says: "the new and improved..."
(He whisks the cloth away says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
leaning back o.c. as he does so. The six feet belong to three girls who look somewhat like the originals - but with a few differences. One says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
the sizes of various body parts says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
features are not the same for all three. Two says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
the highlights in the eyes of the Blossom says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
Buttercup copies are unusually large says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
do not match those of the Bubbles copy says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
whose pupils seem a bit too dilated. Three says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
the Bubbles copy has pigtails that ride too high on her head says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
sit at an odd angle. Four says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
the Blossom copy has crossed eyes says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
her abdomen is too short. Five says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
the hairstyles are correct says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
but the bangs are mismatched says: ""Blossom" has Bubbles' part, "Bubbles" has Buttercup's, "Buttercup" has Blossom's."
(He whisks the cloth away says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
leaning back o.c. as he does so. The six feet belong to three girls who look somewhat like the originals - but with a few differences. One says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
the sizes of various body parts says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
features are not the same for all three. Two says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
the highlights in the eyes of the Blossom says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
Buttercup copies are unusually large says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
do not match those of the Bubbles copy says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
whose pupils seem a bit too dilated. Three says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
the Bubbles copy has pigtails that ride too high on her head says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
sit at an odd angle. Four says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
the Blossom copy has crossed eyes says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
her abdomen is too short. Five says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
the hairstyles are correct says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
but the bangs are mismatched says: "When they speak, they sound as if they are reading from cue cards."
(He whisks the cloth away says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
leaning back o.c. as he does so. The six feet belong to three girls who look somewhat like the originals - but with a few differences. One says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
the sizes of various body parts says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
features are not the same for all three. Two says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
the highlights in the eyes of the Blossom says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
Buttercup copies are unusually large says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
do not match those of the Bubbles copy says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
whose pupils seem a bit too dilated. Three says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
the Bubbles copy has pigtails that ride too high on her head says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
sit at an odd angle. Four says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
the Blossom copy has crossed eyes says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
her abdomen is too short. Five says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
the hairstyles are correct says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
but the bangs are mismatched says: "It is definitely clear that Dick's first attempt to create his own version of the Girls has met with some problems somewhere in the creation process, despite following all the steps regarding the ingredients he remembered from his visit with the Professor."
(He whisks the cloth away says: ")"
leaning back o.c. as he does so. The six feet belong to three girls who look somewhat like the originals - but with a few differences. One says: ")"
the sizes of various body parts says: ")"
features are not the same for all three. Two says: ")"
the highlights in the eyes of the Blossom says: ")"
Buttercup copies are unusually large says: ")"
do not match those of the Bubbles copy says: ")"
whose pupils seem a bit too dilated. Three says: ")"
the Bubbles copy has pigtails that ride too high on her head says: ")"
sit at an odd angle. Four says: ")"
the Blossom copy has crossed eyes says: ")"
her abdomen is too short. Five says: ")"
the hairstyles are correct says: ")"
but the bangs are mismatched says: ")"
Dick says: "..."
Dick says: "Powerpuff Girls with Chemical Xtreme!"
Knockoff Bubbles says: "Let's be friends."
Knockoff Blossom says: "Prepare to be stomped!"
Knockoff Buttercup says: "Girl power!"
Cut to the aide and the Mayor, who look uneasily o.c. toward this exhibit. They glance at each other and smile after a moment.
Cut to the Professor and the girls at home, on the living room couch. The TV is heard o.c., with a news flash breaking in. On screen, a reporter sits at the broadcast desk, with a graphic of the three off-kilter girls next to her.
Reporter says: "Flash news report!"
Reporter says: "Today in New York City, a giant alligator monster tripped over the island of Manhattan on his way to work, nearly injuring his toe."
As she speaks, the scene cuts to a close-up of a huge alligator that looks very much like Wally Gator from Hanna-Barbera cartoons, then pulls back to the sound of screaming as it loses its balance. The creature, which carries a briefcase, about to fall squarely on Lady Liberty. When the cut occurs, the rest of the reporter's line is delivered as a voice-over.
Reporter says: "Luckily, three Powerpuff Girls lifted the oversized beast to safety."
On this line, the knockoffs fly into view, catch the alligator, and set it down on the shore before departing. Cut to them flying away. They still sound very stilted.
Knockoff Bubbles says: "Let's be friends."
Knockoff Blossom says: "Prepare to be stomped!"
Knockoff Buttercup says: "Girl power!"
Professor says: ""Girl power"?"
Professor says: "Since when did you start saying "girl power"?"
Buttercup says: "I always say that..."
Buttercup says: "uh..."
Buttercup says: "girl power?"
She looks uneasily away from him, then to her sisters.
Professor says: "But wait..."
Professor says: "when were you in New York?"
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "We've never been to New York."
Blossom says: "Shhh!"
Blossom says: "Well, uh, the Mayor of Townsville is friends with New York, and he said, "I think it would be good if you guys went there," and that we should do it, and that we should-should."
Blossom says: "'Cause..."
Blossom says: "what was the question again?"
Professor says: "Um..."
Professor says: "when were you in New York?"
Blossom says: "Yesterday."
Buttercup says: "Today!"
Blossom says: "I mean, today."
Professor says: "Hmmm..."
Professor says: "good, good."
Professor says: "Well, good night."
Cut to the bedroom and zoom in on the girls, tucked in for the night but looking too worried to sleep, especially after having lied to the Professor to avoid raising any suspicion from him. Light from the hallway falls across all three of them.
Bubbles says: "I feel weird about lying to the Professor."
Blossom says: "A little white lie is okay."
Blossom says: "Besides, it'll all turn out good 'cause we're good."
Bubbles says: "And more of us will only be gooder."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, good."
Blossom says: "And Professor Dick is good, right?"
Blossom says: "And he's only interested in good and goodness."
Blossom says: "Good?"
Bubbles says: "Good."
Blossom says: "Good?"
Buttercup says: "Good."
Blossom says: "Good."
Girls says: "Good night."
[Animation goof says: "Bubbles' mouth, not Blossom's, moves on the last "Good."
Cut to a daytime shot of a bridge across a bay - it might be in San Francisco - and pull back to the shore. A businessman hands Dick a large sack of money. Smiling, the latter looks over his shoulder. Pan in that direction to show a man next to three counterfeits who look like badly drawn cardboard cutouts. He pats the head of "Bubbles.".
The factory at night - now it has added a new wing - as another explosion shakes it. Close-up of a packing crate as Dick slaps an 'Indiana' address label on it, then pull back. He stands at a dock, while the crate is in a boat floating just in front of him. A city skyline can be seen in the distance. He and the boatman wave to each other, and the craft makes its way toward the city. Another shipment of his knockoffs on their way to another state in the U.S..
Now Dick is in an Asian district during the day, shaking hands with a man while spectators cheer. The camera turns up to show a Japanese flag and three giant robots standing among the buildings. They lean against each other for support as tears roll down their faces - another defeat at the hands of these mass-produced, but not authentic, superheroes in the Land of the Rising Sun, home of kaiju monsters.
The factory at night. Another explosion, and the sky flashes black briefly. Inside, head/body assemblies without hair or features are being carried on a conveyor belt. Hanging from the ceiling, at their head level, is a stencil template marked "EYES." As each unit moves past this, it is sprayed with white paint to put the whites of the eyes in place. Continuing along the conveyor, each unit has a mouth painted crookedly onto it by a worker - by this point, the pupils have been filled in black.
A worker plops a hair bow onto a hairless Blossom head/body, one in a procession of units whose eyes have now been completed. This is picked up by a robotic arm and carried to another conveyor loaded with pairs of legs. The unit is fitted onto the legs and carried along. It reaches yet another worker, who attaches a pair of arms. Now the hair is in place, though the hairline is again wrong - Buttercup's, in this case. A line of figures, sporting all manner of color and style mismatches, proceeds under a sugar dispenser. As each one moves in, a worker pulls a lever to dispense the material onto it.
A blond-haired Buttercup, her eyes not quite in alignment, is swept into a Chemical X dispenser. The liquid pours down onto her, sparks fly, and she emerges, coughing and with black smoke pouring out around her. She reaches the end of the conveyor and drops into a waiting box, one of several in a row. Each is marked on the side with one of the girls' names to indicate its contents, and the tops show the Powerpuff Girls title logo with the word "XTREME" added in jagged red letters, along with a picture of the girls and the word "POW" at an impact point in the bottom corner. The top is put on the just-filled box, and three - one for each sister - are loaded into a crate that bears the product name on its side. Dick closes the crate and addresses it to India. Cut to the dock at night, where the boatman is pushing off with a hefty load of merchandise to deliver to its next destination.
Cut to a skyline that looks as if it could be a city in India, in the daytime and turn down to the street to the sound of a panicking crowd. People point fearfully into the sky. The camera turns up to a long shot of one tower, which has a man standing atop it. From this distance, we can see that he wears a large turban with a ruby set in it, a pair of short white trunks, and nothing else. He laughs as a beam of energy emanates from the ruby, then turns his head back and forth to strafe the street. Smoke pours up from below. Close-up of him as he stops. The man's face looks very much like that of Mojo Jojo, possibly an Indian version of Townsville's dangerous mutant simian.
(Three light trails streak across the sky says: "heads and bodies badly distorted, hair all screwed up, eyes showing more than one color."
approaching the scene says: "heads and bodies badly distorted, hair all screwed up, eyes showing more than one color."
their owners stop near the tower. Suffice it to say that these three creations will never be mistaken for the real Powerpuff Girls says: "heads and bodies badly distorted, hair all screwed up, eyes showing more than one color."
(Three light trails streak across the sky says: "Like their predecessors, these three speak in a very artificial manner."
approaching the scene says: "Like their predecessors, these three speak in a very artificial manner."
their owners stop near the tower. Suffice it to say that these three creations will never be mistaken for the real Powerpuff Girls says: "Like their predecessors, these three speak in a very artificial manner."
(Three light trails streak across the sky says: ")"
approaching the scene says: ")"
their owners stop near the tower. Suffice it to say that these three creations will never be mistaken for the real Powerpuff Girls says: ")"
Bubbles #2 says: "Hello."
Bubbles #2 says: "It’s Bubbles here to save you again."
Blossom #2 says: "We got to save the world before bedtime."
Buttercup #2 says: "I think they're asking for a heinie-whooping."
Raja Jaja says: "I am Raja Jaja."
Raja Jaja says: "Taste my choudhamasaladay!"
He puts his hands together as if to pray, and another beam shoots from the turban. The imitations dodge this. Buttercup #2 moves in to attack, but when she hits him, her arm falls off. He is not damaged.
Raja Jaja says: "Oh, that is a good one."
He laughs some more, right up to the moment when Blossom #2 flies up behind him and socks him in the back of the head. Now Bubbles #2 moves in and kicks him, breaking her own leg off at the knee. This strike knocks him from his perch. He falls o.c., screaming all the way down, and we hear a hefty thud that shakes the camera when he hits the ground.
Cut to the family at home, watching these events on TV. The Professor cocks an eyebrow at the girls, clearly suspicious again after seeing this latest news report.
Professor says: "India, huh?"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "Nozzle tov!"
[Note says: "This is a corruption of the congratulatory Yiddish expression "Mazel tov."
The factory at night - it has now expanded once again, with support trusses extending from either side of the ridge to hold up the new construction so it doesn't fall into the water below. An explosion shakes it. Cut to Dick, looking at a sales chart in its main office and appearing very dissatisfied.
Dick says: "Sales are dropping in Tokyo."
Dick says: "Cut back on the sugar by half!"
Blossom head/bodies roll past the eye stencil and are spray-painted. This time, the whites and pupils are in place and the worker is adding the pink irises. Dick stands amid piles of cash and counts a fistful greedily. A worker slaps arms onto the bodies that pass him, even though some immediately fall off again and he doesn't bother to reattach them to make sure they stay on. The defects are much more noticeable now. Cut to a faux girl in Egypt during the day. This one has blond hair and a light blue dress and eyes like Bubbles, but the hairstyle and voice of Buttercup. Again with the stilted speech.
Buttercup/Bubblecup says: "I think they're asking for a heinie-whooping."
Back to the factory dock at night, where Dick waves to a departing helicopter with a huge load of crates. Inside, units hurtle through the sugar dispenser at high speed - the worker operating the machinery can barely keep up and starts to fall asleep. From here, dissolve to the French flag, then a pile of money being given to Dick, then a man at home making a phone call. Behind him is an open box, with pieces of a Blossom - still with the wrong hairline - scattered near it. It is clear this defect of the real deal completely failed, and the man is right to be furious about it.
Man says: "What kind of stuff are you trying to push on us?!"
Man says: "!"
Cut to Dick in the office. He sits at the desk, his feet up, and talks into a headset receiver. He does not seem at all fazed by this complaint or by the sound of many other phones ringing - doubtless more angry consumers calling to file complaints against Dick for his cheap imitations of the real deals that were very poorly made and defective and barely could do what the Girls were famous for before breaking down and proving their ineffectiveness to the real deals.
Dick says: "Well, sir, if you'd look closely at the warranty, it's actually only good for 3 hours."
Dick says: "But the new model is guaranteed to last up to 5 full hours!"
The conveyor carries units through the Chemical X dispenser at a blinding pace. The machine is now in top gear, sending out plumes of smoke. Cut to outside the factory, which has grown some more, at night. A series of explosions erupt from various areas. The last results in a mushroom cloud rising from the heart of the plant.
A stack of money is counted by machine, after which we see the sugar dispenser yet again. Now the worker simply leans wearily on the lever as the units are zipped through faster than ever. Cut to a balcony, from which Dick surveys the factory floor.
Dick says: "Faster!"
Dick says: "Faster!"
The dock again. Now a fleet of helicopters is carrying the products away as Dick waves. Back to the office. He sits at his desk, piled high with cash, and has his arms around two bikini-clad women. The grin on his face would put the Cheshire Cat to shame. It is clear he is rolling in profits, despite all the bad imitations of the Girls he has been selling all over the world. Fade to black.
Part Three.