Opening skyline of Townsville.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville is enjoying a quiet, relaxing Saturday morning."
Fade to the Professor's lab. Slow pan across the lab.
Narrator says: "Except our scientifically devoted Professor, who is hard at work,  baking cakes?"
The Professor runs by quickly holding a steaming tray.
Professor says: "Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!"
A loud crash is heard offscreen. The Professor is hovering over the steaming tray on a table.
Professor says: "Oh, I knew this would happen."
Professor says: "My first attempts always turn out to be disasters!"
Cut to the hallway outside the lab. Bubbles floats by unknowingly. The Professor's voice is heard outside the door as Bubbles passes.
Professor says: "Blossom is all crusty, Buttercup is hardly perfect,  I mean, there is no way they will ever be good enough."
Cut the Girl's bedroom door as it slams open.
Bubbles says: "HE'S MAKING NEW POWERPUFF GIRLS!!!!"
Pull out to Buttercup and Blossom playing with toys on the floor then back to Bubbles sobbing.
Bubbles says: "horrible..."
She is suddenly cut off by a slap in the face. Pull back to all three girls.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Get a grip!"
Bubbles shakes her head.
Blossom says: "Now start over, what exactly did the Professor say?"
Bubbles says: "I'm trying to tell you!"
Bubbles says: "He doesn't want us anymore."
Blossom says: "That's crazy!"
Buttercup says: "Have you been eating your crayons again?"
Bubbles says: "I heard it with my own ears."
Cut back to the Professor in his lab. he is covered in blue, pink, and green frosting.
Professor says: "Oh, who am I kidding, I can't decorate cakes!"
Professor says: "The surprise party will be ruined!"
Cut to the girls floating down the stairs. Then back to the Professor.
Professor says: "Oh, gosh, they're so ugly!"
Cut to three cakes with the girl's horribly decorated faces on them. Cut back to the girls listening to what the Professor is saying through the door.
Professor says: "I knew adding that extra ingredient to the concoction was a mistake!"
Professor says: "This time, they'll really be perfect!"
Fade to the front of the house. Blossom can be heard sniffling and sobbing softly, cut to the bedroom where Blossom is in tears on the floor, Bubbles is crying on the bed, and Buttercup is on the floor with an angry look on her face.
Blossom says: "Bubbles was right..."
Blossom says: "he is making new girls..."
Bubbles says: "Why doesn't he love us anymore?"
Buttercup says: "You heard him."
Buttercup says: "He doesn't think we're perfect anymore."
Buttercup sheds a single tear and wipes her eye. Blossom stops crying.
Blossom says: "Well, that's what we'll have to do then."
Blossom says: "We've just gotta prove to him that we're perfect!"
A telephone from downstairs rings, and this gets the girls' attention. Cut to a hallway upstairs, the girls rush down it, and the camera zooms in on a family portrait of Professor and the girls.
Professor says: "Hello?"
Professor says: "Oh hi."
Professor says: "Yes, it's taking a bit longer than I expected."
The girls peek at him out the window.
Professor says: "Well I better act before the girls begin to catch on."
Professor says: "Alright then see you later Mayor."
The girls then duck down.
Blossom says: "The Mayor's in on it too?"
Professor says: "Girls?"
Professor says: "What are you doing out here?"
Professor says: "I've been trying to hunt you down."
Blossom says: "Did you hear that?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "Hunt us down?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Professor says: "Uh, yeah."
Professor says: "I have to run a quick errand."
Blossom says: "Now's our chance to show him how perfect we are!"
Bubbles says: "Professor!"
Bubbles says: "Look!"
Bubbles says: "It's a picture of you and us!"
Bubbles says: "Aren't we a perfect family?"
Professor says: "Sure, Bubbles."
Professor says: "Uh, whatever."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "But I..."
Bubbles says: "I love you..."
Bubbles says: "Dad!"
Buttercup says: "Professor."
Buttercup says: "Hey, watch me and my super cool new kung-fu moves."
Blossom says: "Hey."
Professor says: "Blossom, I'm busy."
Blossom says: "Just wait!"
Blossom says: "I've been brushing up on my conversational Chinese."
Blossom says: "Pretty perfect, eh?"
Professor says: "Eh, sure, Blossom."
Professor says: "If only I knew what the heck you were saying."
Professor says: "Geez."
Professor says: "Don't worry, girls!"
Professor says: "I'll be back in 10 minutes!"
Professor says: "I'm just going to pick up some sugar!"
Fades to the next scene, the girls are now in the living room.
Buttercup says: "What are we gonna do?"
Buttercup says: "He's gonna be back any minute."
Blossom says: "Maybe if we distract him, he won't have time to make more girls."
Bubbles says: "That's a great idea!"
Bubbles says: "But how will we distract him?"
Bubbles says: "Hello?"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, uh..."
Ms. Keane says: "girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "I-I didn't expect you all to be there!"
Blossom says: "Is that Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane?"
Ms. Keane says: "Well, please have the professor call me when he gets home, bye!"
Buttercup says: "Even Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane knows what's going on?"
Bubbles says: "You mean she doesn't want us anymore either?"
We then hear a car parking, the professor had just come back.
The Girls says: "He's back!"
Blossom says: "Quick, we've got to think of something to distract the professor."
Blossom says: "Professor!"
Blossom says: "Why don't you come in and sit down and relax!"
Professor says: "But-But I have a lot of work to do!"
Bubbles says: "All the more reason to take a break!"
Bubbles says: "Lean back!"
Blossom says: "Here, take a seat!"
Blossom says: "Okay, Professor."
Blossom says: "Let's put your feet up!"
Bubbles says: "That's better!"
Bubbles says: "Now, how about a relaxing massage?"
Professor says: "Look really I need to-OW!"
Professor says: "Not so hard!"
Bubbles says: "How about some cooling cucumber exfoliant?"
Buttercup says: "Mud Mask?"
Blossom says: "Cuticle restoration?"
Professor says: "Please girls, please I have to-  I have to work!"
Professor says: "I'm serious!"
Professor says: "You girls are acting so strange."
The Girls look down sadly after the Professor leaves.
Professor says: "What happened to my perfect little girls?!"
Professor says: "!"
Cut to the Girls back in their bedroom.
Blossom says: "I guess we should've given that a little more thought."
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "That backfired alright."
Bubbles says: "What's he gonna do with us once he makes the new girls?"
Cut to the Girls imagining what will happen after being rid of.
Blossom says: "Maybe he's gonna dump us in the middle of a deep dark forest."
Buttercup says: "We'll have to use our animal instincts just to survive."
Bubbles says: "We'll be forced into hard labor by evil forest cobbler elves!"
Buttercup says: "Evil forest cobbler elves?"
Bubbles says: "Well, yeah."
Professor says: "Coming!"
Roger McDongle says: "Howdy!"
Roger McDongle says: "Roger McDongle at your service!"
Roger McDongle says: "Weiner dog?"
Professor says: "Shh!"
Professor says: "You're a little bit early."
Professor says: "Do you mind helping me out?"
Roger McDongle says: "No problem."
We cut to the girls flying out of their room, they are looking at the Professor by the door upstairs.
Roger McDongle says: "You know I only take cash."
Professor says: "That's fine, I'll pay you after the job's done."
Professor says: "Come this way and I'll fill you in."
The door slams shut and then the Girls open it slightly to eavesdrop on what is being said.
Professor says: "You can put the old ones in these."
Blossom says: "He wants to throw us away!"
Bubbles says: "What's he need two garbage cans for?"
Bubbles says: "We can all fit in one!"
Professor says: "It could get messy."
Professor says: "Here, take the cans with you."
Professor says: "I have to call Ms."
Professor says: "Bellum and ask her to bring a big knife."
Roger McDongle says: "So you want me to throw em' out just like that?"
Roger McDongle says: "Why don't I just eat 'em?"
Professor says: "Eh, be my guest."
After a few seconds pass, Bubbles faints from what they end up hearing. Then we go back to the bedroom.
Blossom says: "I can't believe that everyone is trying to do us in!"
Blossom says: "What are we gonna do?"
Buttercup says: "I'll tell you what we have to do."
Buttercup says: "We'll have to do 'em in before they get us first!"
Blossom says: "We can't stoop to their level!"
Buttercup says: "Fine!"
Buttercup says: "Then we'll blow up The Professor's lab so he can't make any new girls."
Blossom says: "And the Powerpuff Girls will be no more..."
The Professor then calls them from outside o.c.
Professor says: "Oh, girls!"
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "Girls?"
Professor says: "Oh, there you are!"
Professor says: "Can you come down here, please?"
Professor says: "Out back behind the house."
Blossom says: "This is our chance to blow up the lab!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
The Girls then fly towards the lab.
Blossom says: "There's no time girls."
Blossom says: "Quick!"
Blossom says: "P-Bomb!"
They begin to perform their attack in order to destroy the lab. The P-Bomb ends up appearing like an earthquake on the surface below The Professor's feet.
Professor says: "What's going on down there?"
Professor says: "Uh-oh."
The lab then explodes.
The Girls says: "Whoa..."
Professor says: "My..."
Professor says: "My..."
Professor says: "M-m-MY LAB!"
Blossom says: "That's right Professor!"
Blossom says: "We destroyed your lab before you could destroy us!"
The three girls fly upwards.
Blossom says: "And if you think for a minute that we don't know..."
Blossom says: "What's going on?"
Bubbles says: "Uh-oh..."
Bubbles says: "I think we made a little boo-boo."
Blossom says: "Wow, a surprise party."
Blossom says: "We feel so silly."
Professor says: "I've been working on it all day!"
Professor says: "I even made you these perfect cakes, eh, well, they were perfect."
Professor says: "The first ones came out horribly."
Professor says: "I had to start over."
Roger McDongle says: "Luckily I arrived just in time to get rid of the old ones."
Professor says: "But the second batch of cakes looked just like you, thanks to that picture of us on the wall."
Blossom says: "Gosh, everyone!"
Blossom says: "We, uh, don't know what to say!"
Mayor says: "Well, how about thank you?"
Mayor says: "Do you know how hard it is to keep a secret from you girls?"
Everybody starts laughing.
Professor says: "We love you girls."
The Girls then embrace him.
The Girls says: "We love you too, Professor."
Narrator says: "Ya see, girls?"
Narrator says: "You can have your cake and eat it too!"
Narrator says: "And so once again, the day is saved!"
Narrator says: "Thanks to..."
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "How come nobody makes a cake that looks like me?"