Narrator says: "The city of Townsville..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "is under renovation!"
Close-up of one building, panning across it as he continues. People are seated at office desks and trying to do work, even though the wind blows all their papers away from them. One man just arrived at his job, braces himself against the gusts.
Narrator says: "But that doesn't hinder the daily life of its citizens."
Narrator says: "No, sir!"
At a street corner, people are waiting for a bus. As the Narrator continues, it rolls up—its outer body is gone, leaving only the seats and chassis—and everybody gets on.
Narrator says: "Yes, the hustle and bustle of life goes on as usual."
Cut to Mojo Jojo, piloting a small hovercraft among the buildings.
Narrator says: "Even the evil Mojo Jojo maintains his daily routine of evildoing."
Narrator says: "Go, girls!"
Narrator says: "Go!"
Mojo rockets along, passing a crane with a beam suspended high above the ground; the girls are in hot pursuit. He laughs to himself for several seconds, then stops suddenly. Surprise registers on his face.
Mojo says: "Huh?"
Mojo says: "Dead end?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Mojo says: "I can go no further!"
Mojo says: "It is the end of the line!"
As he speaks, the girls’ reflections appear in the rear portion of the glass dome—they are approaching from behind.
Blossom says: "We’ve got you now—"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "Mojo—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "Jojo!"
Blossom says: "Power up, girls!"
One by one, they warm up their eye lasers; all three then cut loose against the hovercraft, but are unable to damage it. Mojo laughs back at them.
Mojo says: "You cannot hurt me with your puny eye beams!"
Mojo says: "But why don’t you try on this I-beam for size?"
On the word “this,” he reaches into view and presses the button. A cannon on the edge of the craft fires a laser blast that slices neatly through the cable holding up the girder on the crane. It plummets toward the girls, who are still firing; Blossom cuts off her lasers and looks up, Buttercup follows suit. Bubbles pays no attention.
Blossom says: "Scramble!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Look out!"
Bubbles finally stops her assault and looks up just in time to be smashed down o.c. by the girder.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Overhead view of the fallen girl, lying in the middle of the street. The girder lies nearby. Zoom in slowly, then cut to a view from street level as Mojo’s hovercraft descends. He laughs in triumph, inspecting the damage he has inflicted. Extreme close-up of his face, panning across.
Mojo says: "I, Mojo Jojo, have knocked you out!"
Mojo says: "I have put you in a state of unconsciousness!"
Mojo says: "I make a sound of pleasure at your shortcomings!"
Extreme close-up of her; now we can see Mojo’s reflection in her eyes, which are fully open.
Mojo says: "I do this because..."
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "…Mojo Jojo!"
The name echoes as she passes out; now the screen is completely black. Fade into an extreme close-up of her, now with bandages wrapped around her head. She forces her eyes open, and they go wide with shock as the camera pulls back quickly. She is back at home, alone in the girls’ bed. She looks around, seeing a bookshelf loaded with books and toys, then a pile of stuffed animals across the room from her; each sight inspires fear and terror in her. Now we see quick flashes of the table, another group of toys, and the hotline. Back to the bed, pulling back slowly; the covers have been thrown off, and Bubbles’ bandages are scattered about where she was lying. She, however, is nowhere to be found, as we see when the camera pulls back through the bedroom window and away from the house.
Dissolve to one of the many construction sites; a crane swings a girder over the yard as the camera pans to the observatory. Zoom in slowly on this and dissolve to its interior to the sound of a running shower. The camera reaches the bathroom, which has clouds of steam rising from behind the bathtub’s shower curtain. A bit of tuneless humming and a familiar silhouette on its other side reveal that Mojo is cheerfully hosing himself down. The curtain has bananas all over it. He shuts off the water and reaches toward a nearby towel rack, retrieving towels marked “MINE”; still humming, he wraps himself up and pushes the curtain aside. One towel is wrapped around his waist, while another covers his brain.
Mojo steps out of the shower and pads wetly over to a closet whose door handles are shaped like bananas. When he opens the doors, all he finds are a couple of bare coat hangers—no clothes at all. He looks inside, at a complete loss for words, as a large and roundish shadow falls over him. Now he turns around in fear; cut to a long shot of the observatory. We hear a blow land, and Mojo does a fair impression of a human cannonball, soaring gracefully off the mountaintop and over the meadow. He even makes a perfect one-point landing—on his head—while still wearing only his towels. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the house.
Buttercup says: "Where could she be?"
Inside, she has found the discarded head wrappings.
Buttercup says: "These are her bandages!"
Blossom says: "She’s not under here."
Blossom says: "This isn’t like her."
The hotline starts to buzz o.c., interrupting her musings. She gasps.
Blossom says: "The hotline!"
Blossom says: "What is it, Mayor?"
The Mayor, on the other end, is in his office—which is also being renovated. A car is parked across the street from what used to be the back wall.
Mayor says: "Blossom!"
Mayor says: "Mojo Jojo is destroying Soho with his Robo Jojo, and that’s a big no-no!"
Mayor says: "So hurry up and go-go!"
During this line, the car is smashed flat with a huge mallet and then run over by a vehicle so big that only its tank treads can be seen. Back to Blossom, who has now hung up.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Let’s move out!"
Buttercup says: "But what about Bubbles?"
Blossom says: "We don’t have time for that now."
Blossom says: "Townsville’s in trouble again!"
Narrator says: "Hurry, girls!"
Narrator says: "Hurry!"
Narrator says: "Mojo’s got a big, mean destruction machine!"
On the end of this line, cut to the machine itself, which is making the camera shake as it rolls through the streets. Its top half looks very much like that of the walking robot Mojo used in “The Rowdyruff Boys,” but the broad arms have been replaced by jointed ones. A large claw is attached to one, a mallet to the other. The machine is mounted on huge tank treads. A Mojo-shaped silhouette is at the controls.
The girls gasp in shock, and the robot rolls over a parked car and breaks off the top half of a building with its claw. A newsstand is pounded flat; now we see a closer shot of the figure at the controls, though it is still only a silhouette. The girls prepare to make their stand on the sidewalk as the camera keeps shaking.
Buttercup says: "That’s Mojo Jojo, all right."
Blossom says: "Yes."
Blossom says: "He’s certainly outdone himself this time."
Buttercup says: "Here he comes!"
Blossom says: "Hold your ground!"
Mojo says: "Wouldn’t it?"
Blossom says: "Mojo Jojo?!"
Buttercup says: "Mojo Jojo?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Buttercup now has Mojo on the ground and is starting to smack him back and forth.
Buttercup says: "Take this!"
Buttercup says: "And that!"
Buttercup says: "And some of this!"
Buttercup says: "And one of those!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "If Mojo Jojo is here, then he can’t possibly be the one destroying Townsville."
Buttercup says: "Then who is in the Robo Jojo?"
Mojo says: "Why don’t you see for yourself?"
The craft rumbles toward the two girls and throws its shadow over them; it grinds to a halt just inches from where they float above the sidewalk. As they look up toward its pilot, the figure descends from its seat at the controls; the camera turns down slowly toward the front to the sound of footsteps echoing on metal. Stop at a hatch set between the treads. It hisses open, and a huge cloud of steam pours out, obscuring the individual. The steam clears after a few seconds, but the figure is still only a silhouette—with a pair of recognizable pigtails on the sides of its head. Finally, the lights come up on it to reveal that wearing Mojo’s usual outfit, including the brain cap, is none other than….
Blossom says: "Bubbles?!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Narrator says: "Bubbles?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Mayor says: "Bubbles?"
Talking Dog says: "Bubbles?"
Crowd says: "Bubbles?"
Mojo says: "Bubbles."
For obvious reasons, she does not wear the gloves. She begins to speak, but not in her usual sweet tone—she is doing the best Mojo impersonation she can. The accent is a bit off, but she has the speech patterns down fairly well. She speaks in this manner until otherwise indicated.
Bubbles says: "I am not Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Bubbles is not who I am!"
Bubbles says: "I am the one, the only, single solitary doer of dastardly deeds!"
Bubbles says: "Purveyor of pestilence!"
Bubbles says: "Interloper of lawlessness!"
Bubbles says: "Menace to mankind!"
Bubbles says: "I am bad!"
Bubbles says: "I am evil!"
Bubbles says: "I am Mojo Jojo!"
Mojo says: "I do not talk like that!"
Mojo says: "The way I communicate is much different."
Mojo says: "I do not reiterate, repeat, reinstate the same thing over and over again."
Mojo says: "I am clear, concise, to the point!"
Mojo says: "I—"
He is zipped off his feet and given another overdose of Buttercup’s tender mercies.
Buttercup says: "Take this!"
Buttercup says: "And that!"
Buttercup says: "And some of this!"
Buttercup says: "And one of those!"
Blossom says: "What kind of evil have you bestowed upon our sister?"
Mojo says: "You’ve got to be kidding."
Mojo says: "I’m wet."
Mojo says: "I’m naked."
Mojo says: "Your sister is wearing my clothes."
Mojo says: "And this is all part of some evil plot…TO RULE THE WORLD AS A SOGGY CHIMP IN MY BIRTHDAY SUIT?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup, I don’t think Mojo is behind this one."
Blossom says: "That bonk to Bubbles’ head must have led her to believe that she is Mojo Jojo!"
Mojo says: "No."
Mojo says: "Really?"
Mojo says: "Do you think?"
An irked Bubbles addresses the other three.
Bubbles says: "Enough of this tomfoolery!"
Bubbles says: "Cease and desist!"
Bubbles says: "And furthermore, shut up!"
Blossom says: "Okay, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Quit monkeying around."
Blossom says: "This isn’t funny!"
Bubbles says: "…Mojo Jojo!"
Blossom goes flying across the construction site and slams into a retaining wall. She sticks there, stunned and with her hair bow in slight disarray.
Narrator says: "Uh-oh."
Narrator says: "Bubbles' done a bad thing."
Blossom blows her stack and charges across the site, but is stopped by an uncharacteristically pacifist Buttercup just before she can retaliate against Bubbles.
Buttercup says: "Blossom, wait!"
Buttercup says: "She’s our sister!"
Blossom says: "Yeah, but that really hurt."
Buttercup says: "I know, I know."
Buttercup says: "But two wrongs don’t make a right."
Buttercup says: "She hits you, you hit her."
Buttercup says: "Suddenly we’re all hitting each other, then we’ll all be right back where we started."
Bubbles says: "What’s the matter, Buttercup?"
Bubbles says: "’Fraid I’ll whup the skirt off you?"
Buttercup’s attitude goes sour in a hurry, and she and Blossom exchange a long glance before she comes up with a new approach.
Buttercup says: "All right, let’s kick her butt."
She gets ready to throw down, but Blossom grabs her foot to stop her from flying in. Buttercup keeps trying to pull loose during the next line.
Blossom says: "No, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "You’re right."
Blossom says: "She is our sister."
Blossom says: "And as sisters, we have an intrinsic duty—"
Close-up of Buttercup, who stops struggling and folds her arms sullenly.
Blossom says: "—"
Blossom says: "to uphold peace."
Blossom says: "Not only for the city of Townsville but amongst ourselves."
Bubbles says: "Enough of this chatter!"
Bubbles says: "It’s time to meet your maker!"
Blossom says: "You leave the Professor out of this!"
Buttercup says: "You leave the Professor out of this!"
Bubbles roars in fury and hurls herself at them. She lands a long string of blows to each, alternating her attention between them. From this, she grabs the semiconscious Blossom in a flying tackle and pounds her in the solar plexus five times. Now we see her with Buttercup in hand; she lands a string of five right hooks to the unfortunate girl’s jaw. As Mojo watches, completely bewildered, Bubbles picks up a school bus and hoists it into the air. The other girls start to come around, their eyelids fluttering and then snapping open in shock. The bus is thrown at them, but they have no time to move aside before it slams into them and then crashes into a brick wall. The vehicle sticks there, its rear half protruding; the two targets poke their heads up from the window in the emergency door. Now they look very woozy indeed.
Bubbles rises into the air and gathers her strength to create several energy bolts that radiate out from her. A blast roars toward Blossom and Buttercup and catches them dead center; there is nothing they can do to stave off the onslaught. Mojo watches from the ground as his “doppelganger” makes progress toward the goal he has been unable to achieve by himself. The glare from Bubbles’ energy beams plays over his face, and he blinks in amazement. When she finally stops, her sisters hurtle senseless to the street and land near Mojo, smashing two craters into the pavement.
Cut to just below street level as he walks up and peers over the edge of each crater, then back to the above ground as he raises his arms in triumph.
Mojo says: "RIGHT ON!"
Mojo says: "We did it!"
Mojo says: "Hand in hand, we can work together."
Mojo says: "We can rule the world!"
Mojo says: "Just you and me, Bubbles!"
On the end of this line, she lands facing him. Her cape waves across the scene, which then cuts to her. She is still quite angry, even though the other girls are out of commission.
Bubbles says: "I’m not Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Bubbles is not my name!"
Bubbles says: "For the name “Bubbles” is not a correct name to address me by, because it is not my name!"
Bubbles says: "And furthermore, it is not we who will rule the world, it is I!"
Close-up of a rather disgruntled Mojo.
Bubbles says: "And without anybody else shall I rule this world!"
Back to him; now he really looks fed up with her tirade.
Bubbles says: "Mojo Jojo!"
Having finally said her whole piece, she laughs maniacally. Cut to an extreme close-up of Mojo.
Mojo says: "OH, SHUT UP!"
Pull back; he has an I-beam slung over his shoulder—it might be the same one that started this whole mess. He swings for the fence, and the end whistles through the air in slow motion and catches Bubbles upside the head. The brain cap knocked loose, tumbles gracelessly through the air in slow motion. Cut to an overhead shot of her, now lying unconscious between the two craters, and zoom in slowly as the sound of the impact dies away. The camera rotates slowly as it moves in.
Now Mojo retrieves the cap from its resting place on the pavement and sets it in place on his head. His gray matter squishes a bit in the process. He stands erect and begins a rant of his own; pulls back slowly as he does so. The towel he had wrapped around his head is now tied at his neck for a cape, and he stands atop the Robo Jojo’s dome.
Mojo says: "That’s all just well enough because in reality there is only room enough in this world for one Mojo Jojo."
Mojo says: "One shall be the number of Mojo Jojos in the world, and the number of Mojo Jojos in the world shall be one."
Mojo says: "Two Mojo Jojos is too many, and three is right out!"
Mojo says: "So the only Mojo Jojo there is room for in the world shall be me!"
Now his voice echoes slightly over the distance, and Bubbles’ head comes into view. She is still knocked out in front of the machine.
Mojo says: "And being the only Mojo Jojo in the world, I will rule the world in which there is only one MOJO JOJO!"
He laughs insanely as the camera shifts to a close-up overhead view of Bubbles and zooms in. She starts to regain consciousness and speak in her normal voice again.
Bubbles says: "What?"
Bubbles says: "What happened?"
(Pull back. She stands up says: "the Robo Jojo, the fallen girder, the smashed ironwork, her sisters still in their craters."
starts to look around herself says: "the Robo Jojo, the fallen girder, the smashed ironwork, her sisters still in their craters."
(Pull back. She stands up says: "Finally, she gasps—"
starts to look around herself says: "Finally, she gasps—"
(Pull back. She stands up says: "she is making her way back to the reality of who she is—"
starts to look around herself says: "she is making her way back to the reality of who she is—"
(Pull back. She stands up says: "and righteous anger settles on her face."
starts to look around herself says: "and righteous anger settles on her face."
(Pull back. She stands up says: ")"
starts to look around herself says: ")"
[Animation goof says: "When she looks into the craters, she is seen in her everyday dress, not Mojo’s outfit."
Bubbles says: "There’s only one evildoer in the world who could have done this to Townsville."
Back to Mojo, still laughing like a pirate king on top of the dome.
Bubbles says: "…MOJO JOJO!"
She takes off, shedding the monkey’s clothes in an instant and revealing herself in her usual outfit. Mojo has just enough time for a stunned look down at her before he is whisked from his perch and given a thorough beating. He finds himself suspended in midair, with Bubbles pummeling him from all sides and visible as nothing but a light blue blur.
Blossom and Buttercup finally climb out of the craters and take in the new development.
Buttercup says: "Look!"
Blossom says: "It looks like Bubbles is back to her sweet old self again."
Buttercup says: "That’s good."
Buttercup says: "’Cause there certainly isn’t enough room in the world for two Mojo Jojos."
Blossom says: "I heard that!"
Narrator says: "Yeah, yeah, so did we, about a million times."
Narrator says: "We get it already!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved-thanks to Mojo Bubbl…uh…the—"
Narrator says: "the Powerpuff…ah, heck, the day was saved."
Narrator says: "So says me, the Narrator."
Narrator says: "So-called because I speak the narrative of the story."
Narrator says: "I advance the plot."
Narrator says: "I begin and end each episode of Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Me!"
Narrator says: "The Narrator!"