Narrator says: "THE CITY OF TOWNSVILLE IS ON FIRE!!!"
Cut to the girls in flight, en route to the blaze, then pull back as they take a deep breath and prepare to blow it out. Before they can do so, though, a huge gust of air sweeps in from behind them, extinguishing the flames and sending them tumbling o.c.
Narrator says: "The fire is out, and Townsville is saved - thanks to..."
Cut to the girls, who are now quite disheveled and confused at this turn of events.
Narrator says: "Uh..."
Narrator says: "uh, no."
Narrator says: "Thanks to..."
Stop on an empty patch of sky.
Narrator says: "No..."
Narrator says: "wait!"
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "wait a second!"
Stop on the more empty sky. A duck flaps into view.
Narrator says: "Who did save Townsville?"
Man 1 says: "Wait!"
Man 1 says: "Look up in the sky!"
Man 2 says: "Is it a man?"
Woman 1 says: "A gentleman?"
Man 3 says: "A fellow?"
George Jetson says: "A lad, perhaps?"
Talking Dog says: "No, it's..."
(Cut to an extreme close-up of a muscular says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
white-clad leg says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
its foot in a blue boot says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
turn up. A red cape trails behind the figure says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
which also wears blue tights; at its waist is a belt with a large buckle labeled "MM." A huge blue M is emblazoned across the broad chest. The right arm says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
with a blue glove on the hand says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
is equally impressive in its musculature. As the crowd watches in awe says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
the figure's shadow falls across them says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
descends to the ground. He lands with his back to the camera; cut to his feet says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
turn up slowly again. Now we see all of this individual says: "boots, tights, belt, cape, big M across his chest, and his face."
(Cut to an extreme close-up of a muscular says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
white-clad leg says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
its foot in a blue boot says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
turn up. A red cape trails behind the figure says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
which also wears blue tights; at its waist is a belt with a large buckle labeled "MM." A huge blue M is emblazoned across the broad chest. The right arm says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
with a blue glove on the hand says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
is equally impressive in its musculature. As the crowd watches in awe says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
the figure's shadow falls across them says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
descends to the ground. He lands with his back to the camera; cut to his feet says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
turn up slowly again. Now we see all of this individual says: "He has a prominent chin, a confident smile on his face, and blond hair swept forward in a pompadour."
(Cut to an extreme close-up of a muscular says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
white-clad leg says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
its foot in a blue boot says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
turn up. A red cape trails behind the figure says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
which also wears blue tights; at its waist is a belt with a large buckle labeled "MM." A huge blue M is emblazoned across the broad chest. The right arm says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
with a blue glove on the hand says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
is equally impressive in its musculature. As the crowd watches in awe says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
the figure's shadow falls across them says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
descends to the ground. He lands with his back to the camera; cut to his feet says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
turn up slowly again. Now we see all of this individual says: "The crowd expresses its awe."
(Cut to an extreme close-up of a muscular says: ")"
white-clad leg says: ")"
its foot in a blue boot says: ")"
turn up. A red cape trails behind the figure says: ")"
which also wears blue tights; at its waist is a belt with a large buckle labeled "MM." A huge blue M is emblazoned across the broad chest. The right arm says: ")"
with a blue glove on the hand says: ")"
is equally impressive in its musculature. As the crowd watches in awe says: ")"
the figure's shadow falls across them says: ")"
descends to the ground. He lands with his back to the camera; cut to his feet says: ")"
turn up slowly again. Now we see all of this individual says: ")"
Man 4 says: "The Mysterious Maestro!"
Man 1 says: "Naw, it's the mailman."
Man 3 says: "No, he's not."
Man 3 says: "He's the Midnight Marauder!"
Man 4 says: "Nah, it's obviously the Muscle Master."
[Note says: "The man's appearance is the same as before, but his voice is different."
The onlookers begin to argue among themselves as to what "MM" stands for. After a few seconds, the girls land in front of him.
Blossom says: "Excuse me, sir, but who exactly are you?"
The blond fellow raises one eyebrow at this query. When he speaks, his voice booms out - a cross between the old Superman cartoons and the Douglas Fairbanks/Errol Flynn sort of action movie hero. He is seen from various angles.
Blond hero says: "I am the crusher of crime!"
Blond hero says: "The demolisher of disorder!"
Blond hero says: "And the eliminator of evil!"
Blond hero says: "I am..."
He raises his left hand, the first two fingers extended, and snaps a military salute.
Blond hero says: "..."
Blond hero says: "MAJOR MAN!"
He releases the salute and grins, revealing a mouthful of brilliant white teeth. The girls seem rather less than awestruck by the entire display.
Blossom says: "Major Man?"
Blossom says: "What kind of name is that?"
Woman 2 says: "Wow!"
Woman 2 says: "Now that's a superhero!"
Man 2 says: "You said it!"
Another man pops up, camera in hand. The crowd turns its entire collective attention to this new arrival, completely forgetting that the girls are even present.
Voice says: "All right!"
The sound of a gun being cocked is heard, and the girls quickly turn around. The source of the voice is a mugger, holding an old woman at gunpoint.
Mugger says: "Uh..."
Mugger says: "everybody freeze or the old lady gets it!"
Blond hero says: "Halt, vile villain, or taste the bitter flavor of justice that Major Man will serve you!"
Buttercup says: "Corny!"
Mugger says: "I'm sorry, Major Man."
Mugger says: "My doctor told me to cut down on justice."
Mugger says: "But he did say I can have all the greens I want!"
On the end of this line, he reaches into the old woman's purse, coming up with a fistful of cash on the word "greens." He runs off, snickering, as the crowd gasps again. Major Man pushes them aside.
Major Man says: "Stand back!"
Blossom says: "Where's he going?"
From outer space, we see Earth - and Major Man flying straight out from it. He stops, then plunges back toward the atmosphere feet first. The mugger keeps running down the street, cash in hand, but is stopped when the superhero lands just in front of him; the shock wave throws him to the ground. This action is shown three times, zooming in each time, with the last repetition in slow motion. The crowd cheers wildly.
Narrator says: "Wow!"
Narrator says: "Now that's a hero!"
Narrator says: "Sorry, girls."
Narrator says: "Looks like Townsville's got a new protector - Major Man!"
Dramatic music begins as the camera cuts to a train barreling along a bridge. Zoom in on the engineer, his expression changing from contentment to shock and terror. Pull back; the train careens down through a break in the tracks. Major Man lifts it back into view as a male chorus begins to sing.
He straightens the rails and welds them together with laser beams from his eyes.
Fights his battles to the end, never giving up.
He flies along, then stops short in surprise.
Seeking justice, never far away,.
A man in a wheelchair skids on a banana peel; he tumbles down a flight of steps.
Always there to help the weak, fending off the bad.
Major Man catches him, gets a hug, and sets him back in his chair.
Loved by all, he'll never let us down,.
The superhero salutes and takes off. The man also salutes, his eyes tearing up.
We'll never lose the faith for Major Man.
Various shots are seen of Major Man in action.
Seeking truth, defeating lies,.
Flying high through clear blue skies.
Finding ways to protect us all,.
He's our man, standing strong and tall.
He turns his head, catching sight of something. An old man is being threatened by a gang of thugs.
He appears on the scene; the thugs are quickly dispatched.
Fights his battles to the end, never giving up.
The old man hugs him and is set safely on the ground.
Loved by all, he'll never let us down,.
His reflection appears in the man's dark glasses as he takes off.
We will never lose the faith...
Pull back from Major Man to show him atop the Statue of Liberty. His figure is blue; the sky behind him is in red and white stripes.
Cut to the living room in the girls' house, with the hotline in the foreground. Bubbles sits next to it, looking dejectedly toward it; Buttercup is across the room on the couch, wearing a frustrated expression.
Blossom says: "Boy."
Blossom says: "The hotline hasn't rung in ages."
It immediately does so, and all three faces brighten in a flash. Blossom picks it up.
Blossom says: "Hello, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "What can we do for you?"
Blossom says: "Blow out a fire?"
Blossom says: "Save a helpless child?"
Cut to the Mayor in his office, the receiver in hand.
Mayor says: "Uh..."
Mayor says: "no."
Mayor says: "You see..."
Blossom says: "Don't be scared, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We can handle it."
Blossom says: "Go ahead."
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "well, there's somebody else, I'm sorry, we can still be friends, goodbye."
In the living room, Blossom looks in disbelief at the receiver. A click and dial tone is heard over the line.
Buttercup says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "What is it?"
Buttercup says: "What happened?"
Bubbles says: "Blossom?"
Back to the Mayor. His head is bowed in sadness, and his hand still rests on the hotline.
Mayor says: "That was..."
Mayor says: "so hard to do!"
Major Man's hand lands on his shoulder, and he raises his head. Pan to the superhero, looking down at him in encouragement, then cut back to him. He brightens.
Mayor says: "Anyway, time to move on and forget about the past."
Mayor says: "Gotta make room for..."
He reaches under the desk and comes up with a rotary phone that bears a statuette of Major Man as its receiver.
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "the future!"
He jumps up and hugs Major Man at hip level. Turn up to the hero's face, a sly grin at the corner of his mouth, indicating an alterior motive behind Major Man becoming Townsville's new defender in place of the Powerpuff Girls. Back to the girls, now stunned. Blossom still has her hand on the receiver, which is now hung up.
Bubbles says: "I..."
Bubbles says: "I..."
Bubbles says: "I can't believe this is happening."
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "Hurry!"
Professor says: "Come quick!"
Blossom says: "Professor's in trouble!"
They fly down the hall and stop at the couch, ready for anything.
Bubbles says: "Professor?"
Buttercup says: "Professor!"
Professor says: "Hey!"
Professor says: "Hurry, girls!"
Professor says: "Major Man is on TV!"
His news does not elicit much enthusiasm from them, but they poke their heads up over his shoulders as he watches the broadcast. He is transfixed. On TV, the Mayor addresses a crowd, with Major Man on the stage next to him.
Mayor says: "Thank you, Major Man."
Mayor says: "Thank you for saving Townsville."
Mayor says: "Uh, but..."
Mayor says: "I'd never be able to get to the crime scene as fast as you do."
Major Man says: "Of course not, Mayor."
Major Man says: "You'd have to know about it in advance like I do."
Mayor says: "What?!"
Mayor says: "!"
The girls' eyes pop wide open; the Professor's expression does not change.
Major Man says: "Um..."
Major Man says: "I mean..."
Major Man says: "that's right, Mayor, you wouldn't have a chance."
Major Man says: "Now, how about that theme song, huh?"
Mayor says: "Oh, yes!"
The Professor stands up, obviously lost in his own superhero fantasy, having neglected even his own daughters.
Professor says: "I'm strong like Major Man!"
Professor says: "Major Professor to the rescue!"
He starts to run back and forth, making whooshing noises as if flying. Blossom and Buttercup turn to each other; Bubbles watches him.
Blossom says: "Did you hear that?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
[Animation goof says: "Blossom's mouth, rather than Buttercup's, moves on this line."
Blossom says: "You know, there's something major fishy about that Major Man."
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "Did you guys know the Professor could fly?"
Silence. Buttercup shoots her a disgusted look.
Cut to Major Man in flight. The girls pull up behind him, keeping their distance. He stops, noticing a dog next to a fire hydrant at a street corner.
Major Man says: "Hmmm."
Blossom and Buttercup duck into a nearby cloud. Bubbles stays put but is yanked inside a moment later. Major Man looks around, then flies down as the first two girls poke their heads out of the cloud to watch what happens. He ducks behind a building, well away from the dog, and pokes his head around to watch it. Nothing. Now he zips across the street and just around the corner from the hydrant. Still nothing. He steps up just next to the dog, waits for a long, silent moment, and then boots it into the street.
The animal suddenly finds several cars bearing down on it with horns blaring. It covers its eyes with its paws and hunches down, waiting to get flattened. A huge crash is heard, and the screen fills with smoke. Quick cut to Blossom and Buttercup, still watching from their cloud; they gasp in shock and fear. Back to the smoke-filled screen at the crash site. When the view clears, Major Man is holding two of the vehicles apart, the dog cowering between his spread legs.
Close-up of the dog as it opens its eyes and looks around in bewilderment, then turn up to Major Man's face. Pull back to show a jubilant crowd around him.
Crowd says: "Hey, look!"
Crowd says: "Major Man saved a puppy!"
They talk excitedly as he holds the dog up; it looks back at him with a very puzzled expression. Turn up to the girls' cloud. Blossom and Buttercup look quite disgusted with the situation.
Buttercup says: "Did you see that?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "What a creep!"
Buttercup says: "Major Man's been setting up his own disasters the whole time!"
Blossom says: "That's how he always knew to be there before the crime happened!"
Buttercup says: "Let's beat the stuffing out of him!"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "We have to expose him for the phony that he is."
Blossom says: "But how?"
She begins thinking; after a moment, something pops up between the two girls and roars. The color of its eyes gives it away as Bubbles' the rest of her is covered with bits of cloud. Her pigtails look like horns now. Blossom's face lights up, getting a brilliant idea from Bubbles' appearance to expose Major Man for the phony hero he really is.
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Bubbles looks after them for a moment and follows, the layer of cloud still adhering to her. Cut to a section of the skyline, with nothing of great importance going on. A large reptilian beast rears up, roars, and begins stomping buildings flat.
Narrator says: "Oh, no."
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville is under attack."
The monster spits a beam of energy down toward the street, blowing a hole in the pavement. A woman pushes a baby carriage into view near this. She is not particularly concerned.
Woman 3 says: "Nothing to worry about."
Woman 3 says: "Major Man will save us."
A building collapses and cracks open; a man pokes his head out of the wreckage. He too seems rather chipper.
Man 5 says: "That's right, leave it to Major Man."
We see the creature wreaking havoc. Pull back to show the view as that through the window in the Mayor's office. He is at his desk, looking quite bored, with the Major Man hotline at his elbow. He picks up the receiver and talks into it.
Mayor says: "Oh, hello, Major Man."
Mayor says: "Say, did you know that there's a giant monster destroying Townsville?"
Major Man says: "Impossible!"
Major Man says: "I didn't set up for any..."
He trails off into a yell of surprise as the monster's hand smashes through the window and seizes him. It holds him up in front of its face and roars.
Major Man says: "Help me!"
The onlookers scream and run in all directions, panicked. Back to Major Man, now in the creature's jaws and trying desperately to keep them from closing on him. The Narrator cries out in fear, his initial boredom heard earlier now gone with Major Man in danger and unable to help anyone.
Narrator says: "Won't somebody please help this hero in distress?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Man 1 says: "Look up in the sky!"
Woman 2 says: "It's some bugs!"
Man 2 says: "No!"
Man 2 says: "Flying lollipops!"
Talking Dog says: "No!"
Talking Dog says: "It's the Supersockem Girls!"
Narrator says: "No, that's not right."
Cut to an extreme close-up of each girl's body in turn as they fly in, then pull back to show the entire group. Bubbles no longer has the layer of cloud on her.
Crowd says: "Who?"
Narrator says: "You know..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "the Powerpuff Girls!"
Crowd says: "Oh, yeah!"
Crowd says: "Hooray!"
Close-up of Major Man, who is still not faring too well.
Major Man says: "Help!"
Major Man says: "Please, help me!"
Blossom says: "You've been doing fine on your own."
Buttercup says: "Why don't you destroy the monster yourself?"
Girls says: "Hmmm?"
Bubbles says: "We can't hear you!"
Major Man says: "I set up all of those other disasters so I could go in, save everyone, and get all the fame and glory."
Major Man says: "Now please help!"
The crowd gasps in shock at this revelation.
Blossom says: "You mean the giant fire?"
Major Man says: "I started it."
Buttercup says: "The robber and the old lady?"
Major Man says: "My cousin and grandmother."
Bubbles says: "The train wreck?"
Major Man says: "Bent the tracks."
Blossom says: "And the kids who beat up the old man?"
Major Man says: "Paid them."
Major Man says: "Please, help me!"
Blossom says: "Do you promise to leave the heroics up to the real heroes?"
Major Man says: "Yes, yes!"
Girls says: "Well..."
Major Man says: "Oh, please!"
Major Man says: "Oh, please!"
Girls says: "Okay."
They move in on the creature and pound it from all sides as it tries to swat them away without success. Blossom hits it in the nose, Buttercup knocks the wind out of it with a flying kick, and Bubbles decks it with an uppercut. Next Buttercup grabs it by the tail, swings it over her head, and lets it fly; she pulls ahead of it, her sisters joining her, and all three do a U-turn to deliver a triple flying jab. The monster wobbles woozily for a bit before it collapses senseless to the pavement, the girls landing by its head. The mouth opens up, creaking like the hood of a rusty old car and revealing a very chastened Major Man.
Buttercup says: "Now get!"
He floats in the direction she has indicated. Close-up of the girls, looking after him with unbridled contempt.
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "we want to apologize."
Mayor says: "We didn't realize how special you are to us."
Mayor says: "We didn't know how good we had it."
Mayor says: "We're all very sorry."
Mayor says: "Will you give us another chance?"
Mayor says: "Come on, everybody!"
Mayor says: "Let's go reinstall the hotline!"
Crowd says: "Yeah!"
When they clear out, we see the monster once again - they were standing in front of it.
Blossom says: "Coast is clear, Fred."
Blossom says: "Sorry, we had to rough you up so much."
Monster says: "That's okay."
Monster says: "I was good, wasn't I?"
Monster says: "Wasn't I?"
Blossom says: "You were perfect."
Blossom says: "No one suspected we set the whole thing up."
Blossom says: "Thanks."
Fred says: "Aw..."
Fred says: "anytime, girls."
Fred says: "Oh, but next time, girls..."
Fred says: "not so rough?"
He and the girls laugh at this for a few moments.
Bubbles says: "Oh, Fred."
Fred says: "Ow!"
Narrator says: "Oh, Powerpuff Girls."
Narrator says: "I knew he was a big fake all the time."
Narrator says: "Major Man!"
Narrator says: "Why I betcha he wasn't even a real major."
Narrator says: "Hmm!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved - thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"