Narrator says: "Townsville Mall."
Narrator says: "The quaint and happy consumer palace is holding their annual jam contest."
(Inside is a stage with a table that displays a banner says: ""Let's Get Jammin'."
(Inside is a stage with a table that displays a banner says: "" On the table are three jars of jam."
(Inside is a stage with a table that displays a banner says: ")"
Narrator says: "Let's join them, shall we?"
The Mayor--a big, fat, silly-looking guy--leaps up, holding a microphone.
Mayor says: "Hel-lo-o-o-o, everyone!"
Crowd says: "Hel-lo-o-o-o, Mayor!"
Mayor says: "Welcome to our annual jam contest!"
Mayor says: "--the Powerpuff Girls!"
We hear something approaching fast from outside, and after a moment, three little girls crash through the ceiling. They wear dresses with black belts, white stockings, and black Mary Janes; their heads and eyes are very large, and they have no visible ears, noses, or fingers.  The crowd cheers them on.
Narrator says: "Yeah!"
Narrator says: "Say hello to Blossom..."
When this name is spoken, cut to a close-up of one of the girls. She has long, red-orange hair in a ponytail with a big red bow on top, pink eyes, and a pink dress.
Redhead says: "Hi!"
Close-up of another of the girls; her eyes and dress are light blue, and her hair is short and blond, in two pigtails.
Narrator says: "Bubbles..."
Close-up of the last girl, whose hair is short and black and done up in a flip. She wears a fierce expression and a light green dress to match her eyes.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "and Buttercup!"
The girls land on the stage in the same pose they first appear in during the current intro--Blossom in the center, holding hands with the blond Bubbles on her right and the brunette Buttercup on her left.
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Cut to the cheering crowd, then dissolve back to the stage. The girls are now tasting the jars of jam.
Narrator says: "And so the Powerpuff Girls begin to judge."
Narrator says: "As the crowd nervously awaits their decision, everyone is freaking out!"
Narrator says: "Except for..."
Quick pan to a big, pink, furry creature with a green nose and two antennae on his head. He is wearing bib overalls and a big grin.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "this guy."
Narrator says: "Fuzzy Lumkins."
Narrator says: "Say, Fuzzy, what's your secret?"
Fuzzy says: "Oh."
Fuzzy says: "Well, I'm gonna win 'cause my jam is special."
Narrator says: "How's that?"
Fuzzy says: "It's made of meat!"
Close-up of jar C, with a glob of jam sliding down the outside.
Fuzzy says: "I made meat jam!"
Fuzzy says: "Yep."
Fuzzy says: "I can hear it now: "The winner is..."
Fuzzy says: "letter C!"
Girls says: "Letter A!"
They have put a blue ribbon on the jar. Cut back to a dumbfounded Fuzzy.
Narrator says: "Ohhh."
Narrator says: "Tough luck, Fuzzy."
Fuzzy says: "I'm not a loser..."
Fuzzy says: "I'm not a loser..."
Fuzzy says: "I'm not a loser..."
Fuzzy says: "I'm not a loser..."
The camera zooms in closer on his face the first three times he says it. The fourth time, cut to the girls in flight.
Blossom says: "That went pretty good, huh?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, all except for that meat jam."
Buttercup says: "It tasted like dog food!"
Fuzzy says: "It's those Powerpuff Girls who are losers!"
Close-up of him; now he is angry.
Fuzzy says: "They laughed at my..."
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "meat jam."
Back to a 360-degree shot of him, zooming in.
Fuzzy says: "But it is I who will laugh last."
Fuzzy says: "For I have created..."
We see a computer graphic of a weapon, complete with data readouts. It looks like a small barrel with a rifle stock attached to one end and a dented funnel on the other.
Fuzzy says: "..."
Fuzzy says: "Townsville!"
A new scene slams into place in two halves, similar to a pair of doors swinging shut. The view is now that of the sun in a clear blue sky; turn down to Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Inside, the children are doing normal kindergarten things, which include a bit of shadow boxing in Buttercup's case and playing with a stuffed animal in Bubbles'. In the center of the room is a table with a telephone on it. The phone rings.
Kids says: "Phone!"
Teacher says: "Coming, coming."
She can immediately be recognized as Ms. Keane, even though she is not named in this episode. She looks very much as she does today--orange shirt, red vest, brown pants, short black hair, light blue eyes, but taller. She picks up the phone.
Teacher says: "Yes?"
Teacher says: "..."
Teacher says: "Yes..."
Across the room, Blossom is swinging one end of a jump rope.
Teacher says: "Blossom!"
Teacher says: "Telephone!"
Blossom says: "Okay!"
(She thinks for a moment says: "what to do with the rope?"
(She thinks for a moment says: "Finally, she lets go, and the end hangs in the air as she races to the phone."
(She thinks for a moment says: "Cut to the teacher."
(She thinks for a moment says: ")"
Teacher says: "Here she comes."
Blossom grabs her and zips her back across the room to pick up the free end of the rope.
Blossom says: "Good!"
She then races back to the phone, making a slow-motion flying catch of the receiver before it hits the floor.
Blossom says: "Hello?"
Split-screen view, with a frantic Mayor on the other side. He is at a pay phone.
Mayor says: "Blossom?"
Mayor says: "This is the Mayor."
Mayor says: "You've got to get downtown."
Mayor says: "Something terrible is happening!"
We see Fuzzy running wild with his Meat Gun.
Fuzzy blasts a car, then chomps down on it.
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Yes?"
Blossom says: "What's awful?"
He gets blasted and drops o.c.
Blossom says: "What's everything being turned into?"
Turn down to ground level; now he too is a steak.
Mayor says: "Meat."
Close-up of Blossom, looking shocked.
Blossom says: "Not meat!"
Camera pulls back to show the other girls, ready to fly.
Blossom says: "Let's roll!"
They start to take off, but the teacher stops them. She is not pleased.
Teacher says: "Ah-ah-ah."
Teacher says: "Now you girls know better than that!"
Teacher says: "What do you say?"
Girls says: "Teacher, may we please be excused to save the world?"
Teacher says: "Yes, you may."
Teacher says: "..."
Teacher says: "roof."
Kid says: "Teacher, I have to save the world too."
Cut to the girls flying out to the scene of the crime.
Narrator says: "Hurry, girls, hurry!"
Narrator says: "You've gotta get downtown!"
Downtown Townsville has been turned into various cuts of meat, with a crowd looking on.
Narrator says: "It's a mess!"
Man in crowd says: "Look!"
Man in crowd says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
The girls fly in and start cleaning up with blinding speed; a few seconds later, the buildings are back to normal. The crowd cheers.
Narrator says: "They've rebuilt Townsville!"
Blossom and Buttercup address the crowd; Bubbles is not with them.
Blossom says: "Now, can you tell us who did this?"
Blossom says: "Was it..."
Freeze frame of two pieces of lunchmeat dressed as bank robbers.
Crowd says: "No."
Freeze frame of a large, muscular cow wearing a dress and squirting milk from her udder.
Crowd says: "No."
Freeze frame of a man wearing a large, bologna-shaped turban and playing a flute, with a string of sausages coming out of a wicker basket like a charmed snake.
Crowd says: "No."
Blossom says: "Then who?"
Blossom says: "Who could it be?"
Blossom says: "Hmmm..."
The two begin thinking. A moment later, a black and white dog in the crowd speaks up. This is the now-ubiquitous Talking Dog.
Dog says: "Boy, they sure are in a jam."
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Blossom and Buttercup get ready to take off, but stop short.
Blossom says: "Bubbles, what..."
Blossom says: "are..."
Blossom says: "you..."
Blossom says: "DOING?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles is standing at a wall covered with drawings. She is hard at work with a crayon.
Bubbles says: "Coloring."
Blossom says: "No time!"
Blossom says: "Let's go!"
We hear the sound of her and Buttercup taking off. Bubbles looks up o.c. sadly, then drops her crayon and follows them. Cut to the first two girls in flight; she catches up after a moment.
Narrator says: "Go, girls, go!"
Narrator says: "Go and put a stop to this evil meat bandit menace who is about to set his gun upon..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "Townsville Mall!"
Fuzzy stands in the parking lot with his gun at the ready.
Fuzzy says: "So, mall, we "meat" again!"
Girls says: "Not so fast, Fuzzy Lumkins!"
Fuzzy says: "Huh?"
Fuzzy says: "The Powerpuff Girls?"
He turns around in surprise and finds them right behind him. Without missing a beat, he locks, loads, and starts shooting. The first blast goes between Blossom and Buttercup.
Narrator says: "Whoa!"
Narrator says: "Watch it!"
Fuzzy corrects his aim; the next blast misses Blossom by a hair.
Narrator says: "Ooh, close!"
Bubbles has to duck and cover to avoid the next shot.
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
She dashes in to attack as Fuzzy rolls across the parking lot firing. Alternate between close-ups of her flying in and him shooting, ending with an explosion that throws Fuzzy to the ground. He regains his footing, turns, and fires one final shot that wings Bubbles. She crashes down in slow motion.
Fuzzy says: "Ha!"
Fuzzy says: "Gotcha!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
The parking lot now has a very large and very new pothole, and Bubbles is lying in it in an unconscious state. She begins to come around as thunder rumbles in the sky. Her right pigtail is now a chicken drumstick.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "It, it..."
Narrator says: "it can't be!"
Narrator says: "It's..."
Narrator says: "MEAT HAIR!"
Her new hairstyle causes her visible dismay once she takes note of it.
Narrator says: "Oh, this is terrible!"
Narrator says: "People, if you only knew how much pride Bubbles takes in her hair!"
Narrator says: "All the washing and conditioning, and the brushing and brushing and brushing and brushing!"
As the Narrator says this, Bubbles slowly climbs out of the pothole. There is fire in her eyes, and plenty of it. Cut to Fuzzy, looking sheepish.
Fuzzy says: "It's, uh..."
Fuzzy says: "very becoming?"
Screaming, Bubbles charges right at Fuzzy, who suddenly realizes what is about to happen to him and tries to run. Too late, though; she plows into him like a runaway freight train. He is kicked, punched, and thrown against the camera hard enough to crack the lens; he takes more blows, one of his legs is broken off, and Bubbles sinks her teeth into his arm. He walks along a sidewalk where she is standing, and she sticks out her foot to trip him. Quick cut to Blossom and Buttercup, who gasp in surprise, then back to Bubbles, who twirls Fuzzy over her head before letting him fly. She picks up the Meat Gun and fires, catching him dead center. Fuzzy turns into a hamburger as the scene dissolves behind him.
It is now afternoon, and the burger lands on a barbecue grill.
Mayor says: "Well, girls..."
Pull back to show the girls behind the grill, wearing chef's hats. The Mayor, still a steak, is at a picnic table next to them. Bubbles is holding a burger; her hair is back to normal.
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "you've done it again."
Mayor says: "This charity barbecue idea was grand!"
Blossom says: "Thanks, Mayor."
Mayor says: "One question, though."
(The now-standard end shot comes up. This consists of a pulsating background of concentric pink says: "Blossom in the middle, Bubbles to her right and Buttercup to her left, all smiling and ready to charge."
red hearts says: "Blossom in the middle, Bubbles to her right and Buttercup to her left, all smiling and ready to charge."
against which the girls flash into view says: "Blossom in the middle, Bubbles to her right and Buttercup to her left, all smiling and ready to charge."
(The now-standard end shot comes up. This consists of a pulsating background of concentric pink says: "Gold stars rain down behind them, as they will in most future uses of this shot."
red hearts says: "Gold stars rain down behind them, as they will in most future uses of this shot."
against which the girls flash into view says: "Gold stars rain down behind them, as they will in most future uses of this shot."
(The now-standard end shot comes up. This consists of a pulsating background of concentric pink says: ")"
red hearts says: ")"
against which the girls flash into view says: ")"
Narrator says: "--thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"