Mojo Jojo says: "The city of Townsville."
He moves into view, as does his reflection—he is looking out a window, and he leans his head against the glass.
Mojo says: "I hate you."
Mojo says: "And by hurting me and forcing me to dwell in one of your correctional facilities, these mutant infant girls prevent me from obtaining political control of you!"
Cut to a close-up of “Him.”.
“Him” says: "—"
“Him” says: "all good things must come to an end."
Zoom in on the back of the chair. As it continues to turn, the scene changes to the trophy room of Morebucks Manor. Princess, dressed in her faux-Powerpuff outfit, addresses her father in his armchair.
“Him” says: "And your end is—"
Princess says: "—"
Princess says: "tonight!"
Princess says: "Think of it as an investment toward your future."
Princess says: "If I don’t destroy the Powerpuff Girls tonight…I’LL NEVER GIVE YOU A DAY OF PEACE UNTIL I—"
Cut to a close-up of Fuzzy Lumkins, playing his banjo and singing.
He sings and strums several chords, but hits only wrong notes. Finally he gives up and leans over in defeat.
Fuzzy says: "Oh, I’m sorry, Jo."
Fuzzy says: "I cain’t play you purty tonight."
Fuzzy says: "I got them durned Powerpuffs in my noodle!"
Fuzzy says: "And they make me so mad I wanna—"
Close-up of Mojo.
Mojo says: "Destroy them I will!"
Mojo says: "Tonight is the night in which—"
Cut to “Him.”.
“Him” says: "—"
“Him” says: "and my reign of evil shall—"
Cut to Princess, flying through the night with the help of her jet thrusters from “Stuck Up, Up and Away.”.
Princess says: "—"
Princess says: "begin to take hold as I take over—"
Turn down quickly to a forest path. Fuzzy walks along it, carrying a large rock over his head.
Fuzzy says: "Townsville ain’t gonna be no more after I get them Powerpuff—"
Cut to the girls’ bedroom. They are tucked in for the night.
Professor says: "Girls, time for bed."
The lights go out. Cut to him at the bedroom door; he closes it. Outside the house, all is peaceful until the foot of Mojo’s robot slams down on the lawn. “Him” is next on the scene, followed by Princess and finally Fuzzy. The four regard each other with some puzzlement and suspicion for a long moment.
Fuzzy says: "Hey!"
Fuzzy says: "What are y’all doin’ here?"
Mojo says: "Well, I’m here to destroy the Powerpuff Girls, and I can only assume that these two losers—"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "are here to watch a master at work."
Mojo says: "Oh, that is a misconception!"
He points at “Him” with the robot’s arm. The two begin to argue as the camera zooms in slowly toward Princess, who is hovering above them.
Princess says: "QUIET!!!"
Princess says: "COLD HARD CASH!!!"
Pull back to show the entire house.
Mojo says: "She has a point there."
“Him” says: "Yeah!"
They begin arguing again, with Princess joining in. Close-up of Fuzzy, standing on the sidewalk. He looks back and forth.
Fuzzy says: "Hey, I wanna fight too!"
Pull back again; now all four are yelling at each other at top volume. In the bedroom, the girls have their heads buried in their pillows to try to block out the noise from the four villains and their arguing. Their eyes pop open at last as they've had enough of having their sleep disturbed by their enemies and their bickering; close-up of their windows from outside. They float out to confront the four, one girl through each window. Cut to a close-up of Bubbles with her head tilted back as she screams loudly to get the villains' attention.
Bubbles says: "SHUT UP!!!"
Blossom says: "We’re trying to sleep!"
Buttercup says: "We’ll kick your butts tomorrow."
Close-up of each villain in turn.
Mojo says: "It’s—"
“Him” says: "—"
“Him” says: "the—"
Princess says: "—"
Princess says: "girls!"
Fuzzy says: "GET ’EM!!"
Mojo fires laser beams from his robot, hitting the girls, and “Him” matches this with an energy beam from his mouth. Princess joins the attack with a blaster ray of her own. Having been caught in the three-way crossfire off-guard because of how tired they are and before they could retreat back into their bedroom, the girls are helpless. Screaming in pain, the girls sink slowly to ground level in front of Fuzzy. He stands there for some moments, watching their torment, and his eyes finally turn up to the rock he is holding. He gathers his strength and hurls it; the camera follows it as it flies through the air in slow motion and lands squarely on them, sprawled out on the ground still screaming in agony before they are silenced by the rock landing on them. An eerie hush falls over the scene. Fade to black.
Turn down to the four villains, staring at the camera in shock and disbelief. Quick shot of the rock on the front lawn, still pinning the girls, then back to the four. “Him” has returned to normal size, and Mojo is out of his robot.
“Him” says: "Did we just do what I think we did?"
Mojo says: "Yes."
Mojo says: "Individually we have failed time and again, but together we are victorious!"
Princess says: "I propose we join forces and merge into one supervillain conglomerate!"
Fuzzy says: "Blossom?"
Fuzzy says: "Bubbles?"
Fuzzy says: "And Buttercup?"
Fuzzy says: "We beat ’em?"
Fuzzy says: "We beat all of ’em?"
“Him” says: "That’s it!"
“Him” says: "Oh, we will be known as…the Silver Beat Alls!"
Mojo says: "No!"
Mojo says: "Too fancy."
Mojo says: "We shall be known simply as…the Beat Alls!"
All four smile, and the scene around their faces fades to black. The faces themselves are half-hidden in shadow and in black and white.
Cut to a group of screaming young girls. They run like sixty as an English announcer speaks.
Announcer says: "Yes, screaming girls everywhere ran screaming whenever the Beat Alls made the scene."
Announcer says: "—"
Announcer says: "had finally conquered Townsville."
Mojo has his laser cannon pointed at a teller.
Mojo says: "Now give me money!"
Mojo says: "That’s what I want!"
She piles cash on the counter.
Announcer says: "Their rise to fame can be attributed to their ability to deliver hit after hit after hit..."
A crash shakes the camera; Mojo recoils briefly. Pan quickly to where the girls have just smashed through the wall and are ready to throw down, maybe even wanting payback for the cheap shot the Beat Alls pulled on them the other night after disturbing their sleep and attacking them while caught off-guard and too drowsy to fight back immediately.
Announcer says: "…to the Powerpuff Girls."
Mojo says: "Better run for your lives if you can, little girls!"
Princess says: "You say stop, but I say go, go, GO!"
Announcer says: "…provides the rock."
The tellers regard the scene with fear, and the Beat Alls take a bow with their loot.
Announcer says: "Thus the Brutish Invasion had begun."
The girls are blasted and crushed several more times at other locations in rhythm with the next line.
Announcer says: "Again…and again…and again…."
After this last defeat, the camera turns up to show the Beat Alls leaning over a balcony railing and smiling down at their latest victory.
Announcer says: "…the girls were defeated by the Beat Alls."
Cut to an ornate room, looking out the open door. The girls are in the doorway.
Announcer says: "Till eventually—"
Announcer says: "—"
Announcer says: "the girls stopped showing up entirely."
Camera turns around quickly; we see a flash of a terrified crowd before the Beat Alls are seen on a stage, pummeling a band whose members bear a striking resemblance to the Beatles.
Announcer says: "And the Beat Alls had a ticket to ride."
Mojo says: "Will the people in the cheap seats please leave!"
Mojo says: "And the rest of you, hand over your jewelry!"
Hands holding watches, necklaces, and rings reach up into view. Cut to a quick succession of B&W head shots of each villain in various goofy poses.
Announcer says: "Having finally bested the Powerpuff Girls, the Beat Alls rushed to the top of the charts of the Most Wanted list."
Four rows of five photos each, one villain per row, appear on the screen with the word “WANTED…” above them. The scene cuts to the police station.
Announcer says: "When questioned, authorities had this to say."
Close-up of a tall, white-mustached, ornately dressed policeman at a podium, with microphones set up before him. Flashbulbs pop as he begins to speak, also with a British accent.
Policeman says: "Thank you."
Policeman says: "My name is Sergeant Pepper of the Townsville Police, and at the request of my commanding officers, I’d like to make this statement."
Policeman says: "Thank you."
Cut to the exterior of the house. A reporter is across the street from it, facing the camera. He wears a trenchcoat and speaks into a microphone; it is his voice that has been outlining this whole sequence of events.
Announcer says: "So there you have it."
Announcer says: "The Beat Alls have taken over; the girls have taken off."
Announcer says: "Will they return?"
Announcer says: "Perhaps, perhaps not."
Announcer says: "But as they say, tomorrow never knows."
Announcer says: "I’m Stuart Best, and this has been A Day in the Life."
We have been watching a news program on the Beat Alls.
Buttercup says: "Ugh!"
Buttercup says: "Turn it off!"
The girls have been watching the same program. The screen flickers and goes dark—they have switched off the TV—and the camera shifts to show them on the couch in the living room.
Buttercup says: "Who would make a stupid documentary about the Beat Alls, anyway?"
Blossom says: "So what?"
Professor says: "Ah, girls."
Professor says: "Yesterday all our troubles seemed so far away."
Professor says: "Now it seems they’re here to stay."
Professor says: "Sitting here eight days a week, everyone seems to think you’re lazy."
Professor says: "I don’t mind; I think they’re crazy."
Professor says: "But you used to be running everywhere at such a speed."
Professor says: "Now you think there’s no need."
Buttercup says: "There isn’t!"
Bubbles says: "If we can’t stop the Beat Alls—"
Blossom says: "—"
Blossom says: "we’re never saving the day again."
Professor says: "Ohhh, you can’t do that!"
Professor says: "What will Townsville do when they look for the girls with the sun in their eyes and they’re gone?"
Blossom says: "But what can we do?"
Professor says: "Well, first you have to realize the Beat Alls are just a rock band."
Girls says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "But that’s not important."
Professor says: "But what is important is this."
Professor says: "Mojo Jojo was a man who thought he was a loner, but he knew it couldn’t last."
Professor says: "He’s just getting by with a little help from his friends."
Buttercup says: "Are you saying we should try and break up the Beat Alls?"
Bubbles says: "Is that possible?"
Professor says: "Yes."
Professor says: "I’m certain that it happens all the time."
Girls says: "But how?"
Professor says: "Listen."
Professor says: "Do you want to know a secret?"
Narrator says: "Sounds like the Professor has some magical mystery tricks up his sleeve!"
Cut to the exterior of the Bank of the Imperial Garden. An alarm is going off. Inside, the Beat Alls kick in the front door.
Mojo says: "I want to hold your cash!"
Pull back quickly to show a man and a woman on the floor at the other end of the lobby.
Man says: "Too late."
Man says: "Somebody beat you to it."
(Close-up of Mojo says: "“This is A Stick up!"
dumbfounded; quick shot of a teller shoveling cash into a bag says: "“This is A Stick up!"
then back to him. His eyes turn upward says: "“This is A Stick up!"
we see a stepladder reaching almost to the ceiling says: "“This is A Stick up!"
with a magnifying glass hanging nearby. He climbs the ladder for a closer look says: "“This is A Stick up!"
finds some tiny writing over his head. Using the glass says: "“This is A Stick up!"
he finds these words says: "“This is A Stick up!"
Mojo says: "—"
The figure turns around. It is a female monkey, with a pink face and long black fur on her head. Her clothes and hat are entirely white, and she looks as if she might be of Oriental lineage. She holds a banana in one hand. Back to Mojo.
Alternate between close-ups of the female robber and Mojo four times. The attraction is written all over his face; hers never wavers from its enigmatic smile.
Mojo says: "I’ve got to get you into my life!"
Close-up of the female; she lets loose a scream at eardrum-piercing levels. Back to Mojo.
Mojo says: "I love you too!"
The other three Beat Alls, at the front door, watch with some concern.
“Him” says: "Oh, no!"
Mojo says: "Hey, guys, this is Moko Jono."
Mojo says: "She’s a performance criminal, and she’s conceived some brilliant schemes that I think we should try."
The other three trade a very worried look at what this new addition might mean for their group. Dissolve to all five of them—the Beat Alls plus Moko—lying side by side in a king-size bed with a white blanket over them. Mojo’s blue tunic has been replaced by a white one, and his braincap now sports white accents at its base.
Fuzzy says: "Uh…why are we doin’ this again?"
Mojo says: "It’s called “Annoyance Crime Number Nine."
Mojo says: "” Our concept is this."
Mojo says: "Imagine all the people—"
Pull back overhead; the bed is in the middle of an intersection, with traffic backed up in all directions. We hear horns honking.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "and how annoyed they’ll be that they can’t reach their destinations on time!"
(Close-up of the group. Mojo and Moko laugh at the idea says: "eggs, toilet paper, milk, light bulbs, and flour."
but the others are not too enthused. Cut to a quick succession of close-ups of the following items on store shelves says: "eggs, toilet paper, milk, light bulbs, and flour."
(Close-up of the group. Mojo and Moko laugh at the idea says: "Each is quickly snatched up; cut to a side view of the quintet going down a supermarket aisle, with a shopping cart full of these groceries."
but the others are not too enthused. Cut to a quick succession of close-ups of the following items on store shelves says: "Each is quickly snatched up; cut to a side view of the quintet going down a supermarket aisle, with a shopping cart full of these groceries."
(Close-up of the group. Mojo and Moko laugh at the idea says: "Mojo and Moko push the cart while the other three carry armloads of items."
but the others are not too enthused. Cut to a quick succession of close-ups of the following items on store shelves says: "Mojo and Moko push the cart while the other three carry armloads of items."
(Close-up of the group. Mojo and Moko laugh at the idea says: "We see that Mojo’s cape matches his white tunic."
but the others are not too enthused. Cut to a quick succession of close-ups of the following items on store shelves says: "We see that Mojo’s cape matches his white tunic."
(Close-up of the group. Mojo and Moko laugh at the idea says: ")"
but the others are not too enthused. Cut to a quick succession of close-ups of the following items on store shelves says: ")"
Princess says: "So tell us again why we’re only stealing toilet paper, light bulbs, milk, flour, and eggs."
Mojo says: "Well, Moko’s idea is that stealing items that are all white isn’t against the law."
Mojo says: "So it’s okay to take them."
Princess says: "Huh?"
Mojo says: "It’s all right ’cause they’re all white!"
Princess sighs in disgust, “Him” looks very annoyed, and Fuzzy drops his load. Cut to the city skyline, with a loud, horrendous shrieking noise shredding the air. Two voices are contributing to this aural torture chamber; close-ups reveal the perpetrators to be Mojo and Moko, screaming into each other’s faces. Pull back to show the other Beat Alls covering their ears.
“Him” says: "MOJO!"
Mojo says: "WHAT?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Moko continues to scream.
“Him” says: "I STILL DON’T GET IT!"
Mojo says: "THE LOUDER YOU YELL, THE MORE PAIN IT CAUSES THE LISTENERS!"
Six quick shots of people covering their ears are seen, in time with his next six words. The last two shots each show a pair of people who look somewhat like the Beatles.
“Him” says: "MOJO!"
“Him” says: "YOU’RE A PAIN!"
Fuzzy says: "YOU’RE ON YOUR OWN!"
Princess says: "WE QUIT!"
Mojo says: "WHAT?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Fuzzy says: "WE QUIT!"
Princess says: "WE QUIT!"
“Him” says: "WE QUIT!"
Mojo says: "GOOD, GOOD!"
Mojo says: "BUT EVEN LOUDER!"
The other three groan and storm off as Mojo resumes his screaming with Moko. Camera follows them.
Fuzzy says: "Uh—"
Fuzzy says: "well, now what do we do?"
At home, the hotline begins to buzz. Blossom picks it up; her sisters are hovering behind her on standby in the bedroom.
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor."
Cut to the Mayor’s office. He is on the hotline. Through the window behind him we see Princess, “Him,” and Fuzzy on a rooftop, deploying their respective weapons on the town below. Flames rise toward them. Each time Fuzzy throws a rock, he immediately picks up another one seemingly out of nowhere.
Mayor says: "The Beat Alls are up on the rooftops, and they’re destroying Townsville!"
Mayor says: "They just won’t let it be!"
Cut back and forth between the bedroom and the office.
Blossom says: "The…Beat Alls?"
Mayor says: "Well, three of them, at least…Uh, hello?"
Behind him, the girls fly into view and pull Fuzzy’s rock out of his hands. Cut to the rooftop; they confront the trio, the sun silhouetting them.
Blossom says: "Hey, Beat Alls!"
“Him” says: "GOODBYE!"
He spits a beam, hitting them and pushing them down toward the street.
Princess says: "Sorry, but it’s time to go!"
She fires her blaster at them, pushing them down farther.
Fuzzy says: "Cry, babies, cry!"
He drops a rock on them and connects once again.
“Him” says: "I’d just like to say thank you on behalf of the group and hope we passed the audition."
The three are shocked out of their celebration by Blossom’s arrival at roof level behind them. Apparently, without Mojo to help them, Fuzzy's finisher did not incapacitate the Girls completely this time.
Blossom says: "Sorry, guys."
Buttercup says: "There’s just—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "something missing."
Back to the three villains.
Fuzzy says: "See how they fly?"
Blossom says: "You sure will be!"
Buttercup takes on Fuzzy, Bubbles thumps Princess, and Blossom makes short work of “Him.” Cut to a jail cell, where the three have been deposited in a heap, looking much worse for wear after the girls got through with them; the door slams shut on them. Pull back to bring the girls into view outside the cell, along with Sergeant Pepper.
Blossom says: "They’re going nowhere, man!"
Cut to them in flight.
Blossom says: "Three down, one to go!"
Cut to a city street, the camera pointing along the sidewalk. At the far end, a sign is visible, but partially obscured—we see “NNY L NE.” Mojo and Moko walk toward the camera, hand in hand, but stop short. Mojo looks up in surprise.
Mojo says: "Look!"
(High overhead says: "“BEAT ALLS ARE OVER."
we see a white billboard on the side of a building. It displays four words in huge letters says: "“BEAT ALLS ARE OVER."
(High overhead says: "” Mojo looks frantically around, only to find the same message wherever he turns—"
we see a white billboard on the side of a building. It displays four words in huge letters says: "” Mojo looks frantically around, only to find the same message wherever he turns—"
(High overhead says: "even on the front page of the day’s newspaper."
we see a white billboard on the side of a building. It displays four words in huge letters says: "even on the front page of the day’s newspaper."
(High overhead says: ")"
we see a white billboard on the side of a building. It displays four words in huge letters says: ")"
Mojo says: "Here!"
Mojo says: "There!"
Mojo says: "Everywhere!"
Mojo says: "Oh, no."
The girls are at the end of the block.
Girls says: "Oh, yeah!"
Blossom says: "You’re finished, Mojo, and so are the Beat Alls!"
Mojo says: "I don’t need them!"
Mojo says: "Now that I’ve found Moko, our evil shall spread across the universe!"
Blossom sighs, then turns to call over her shoulder.
Blossom says: "Hey, Jude!"
Behind her, a door opens and a blond woman in a khaki bush shirt and shorts steps out.
Judy says: "Hi, girls."
Blossom says: "This is Judy."
Blossom says: "She’s from the Townsville Zoo."
Mojo says: "So?"
Blossom says: "Okay, Judy."
Blossom says: "Do your stuff."
Judy brings out a “cricket” noisemaker—the kind that makes a sharp clicking sound when you press it with your thumb—and kneels down, snapping away with it.
Judy says: "Michelle?"
Judy says: "Here, girl."
Judy says: "Michelle?"
She pronounces the name with emphasis on the first syllable and says the “i” as if it was a long “e” as in “need.” Close-up of Mojo, quite puzzled by all this.
Mojo says: "Michelle?"
Mojo says: "Who’s this Michelle?"
Mojo says: "Moko, do you—"
He screams and recoils in fright; a moment later, we see why—Moko has undergone a remarkable transformation. Her white clothes lie discarded around her on the sidewalk, and the long fur on her head is gone. She is now an ordinary-looking monkey with a little bit of makeup. Moko, a.k.a. Michelle, runs down the block to Judy and the girls, stopping to play with one of Bubbles’ pigtails and making her way to each of the others in turn.
Bubbles says: "Her name’s Michelle."
Blossom says: "She lives at the zoo."
Buttercup says: "And she agreed to help us stop you."
Mojo says: "Agreed?"
Judy is now holding Michelle.
Judy says: "She doesn’t like you or the fact that you’re always destroying Townsville."
Judy says: "She said you’re giving monkeys a bad name."
Mojo says: "So…she’s not a performance criminal?"
Blossom says: "Well, I don’t know about “criminal”—"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "but she is a performer."
Bubbles says: "She plays piano!"
Camera turns up to Judy as Michelle pulls herself up and pats the woman’s head.
Judy says: "But remember, girls."
Judy says: "Someday monkey won’t play piano song, play piano song."
Judy says: "See you, girls."
Blossom says: "Now, Mojo, it’s time for a Beat Alls reunion at Townsville Jail!"
The girls in flight; Buttercup is holding Mojo up by his cape.
Mojo says: "But you took my love away."
Blossom says: "Well, it’s like the song goes—"
Narrator says: "I don’t really want to stop the show, but I thought you might like to know—"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "that once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
The music strikes a final, resounding chord that slowly dies away.