Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "A succinct city where simple questions are given simple answers."
Cut to a high court "Hall of Justice", where a judge slams his gavel, ending Mojo's case, charged as guilty.
Judge says: "Guilty."
Mojo Jojo says: "What?!"
Mojo Jojo says: "!"
Mojo Jojo says: "I object!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Which is to say that I do not agree with which is that you say, which is incorrect, lacking proper knowledge of the truth, and WRONG."
Judge says: "ORDER!"
Judge says: "Due to your obvious failure for rehabilitation, I have decided that the best form of punishment is for you to give back to the community from which you have taken soo much."
Mojo Jojo says: "Must I pick up garbage?"
Judge says: "You, Mojo Jojo, are hereby sentenced to teaching a knowledge extension course at Townsville Community College."
Mojo stands in his spot, awestruck negatively.
Mojo Jojo says: "Nooooooooooo!!!"
Mojo Jojo says: "By which I mean, I cannot do it."
AT says: "TOWNSVILLE LEARNING ANNEX!"
AT says: "" Mojo, dressed in a gray business jacket and a tie, bursts through the door grumpily and stalks to his desk."
AT says: "He takes a seat in his chair and the students stare at him."
AT says: "He stares back and looks coldly around."
AT says: ")"
Mojo Jojo says: "Hello, and good evening to you."
Mojo Jojo says: "I am Mojo Jojo, your instructor, and the person who will be teaching you from this point forward."
Mojo Jojo says: "That is to say,  that as you are here representing the students of the class, I am here representing the teacher of the class, and as it is my job to teach, it is your job to learn."
Mojo Jojo says: "And learning, gain more intelligence that you currently have."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now, what are the names or individual identifications that have been assigned to the lot of you?"
Cut to French student'.
Philippe says: "Philippe."
Talia says: "Talia."
Cut to another pair of students.
Enrique says: "Enrique."
Nadia says: "Nadia."
Ernst says: "Ernst."
Ming says: "Ming."
Camera travels around the room to the last lot of students.
Farouk says: "Farouk."
Camera travels back to Mojo.
Mojo Jojo says: "I see."
Mojo Jojo says: "Now as teacher and thus assigner of the grades in this class, if I were to be performing said grading right now at this moment, let me tell you that..."
Mojo Jojo says: "None of you pass!"
All the students gasp in horror and Ming faints. The other students look at Ming, still shocked. The camera goes back to Mojo.
Mojo Jojo says: "That is right."
Mojo Jojo says: "In the grading system, I would've assigned you all with an F!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Which if I had control of the grading system, I would make it the lowest grade a Z, since that is the final letter in the alphabet which starts with an A, and ends with Z."
Mojo Jojo says: "But instead, the letter given to those who do most poorly is an F!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Seeing as it goes,  A, B, C, D, F, with inexplicable skipping of E!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Nonetheless, after that pathetic display, all of you would get an F symbolizing failure for your poor use of English!"
Camera travels to Philippe.
Philippe says: "Pardon, monsieur."
Philippe says: "But all you did was ask of us our names and zat is what we answered with."
Camera travels back to Mojo.
Mojo Jojo says: "Yes, and that is wrong because it is boring, and uninteresting, and thoroughly bringing me about to a state of unconciousness!"
Mojo Jojo says: "From those simple, pathetic names I learn nothing."
Mojo Jojo says: "I am here to teach you proper English, and with that, you are to learn proper, descriptive, and defining skills!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Now let us try this again."
Mojo Jojo says: "Tell me your names!"
Philippe says: "Ummm..."
Philippe says: "my name is Philippe, which is to say zat upon my birth, my parents Jean-Paul and Camille place upon me zis title which identifies me as me and separates me from all the others?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Excellent!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Next."
Talia says: "Sì."
Talia says: "I am called Talia after my aunt Tali which is shorter and more, um, casual version of Talia, often referred to as a nickname, which is a term of endearment and sometimes..."
Farouk says: "My name Farouk does not trip of the tongue lightly; it is a name of substance and vigor for which I am proud and take much pride."
Mojo applauds their long explanations of their names'.
Mojo Jojo says: "Yes, yes, yes, yes, YES!"
Mojo Jojo says: "Now, that was some speaking, and what was spoken was spoken well."
Mojo Jojo says: "Class dismissed."
Cut to Enrique'.
Enrique says: "Is the class which seemed to just start really over?"
Enrique says: "As in, done?"
Cut to Mojo.
Mojo Jojo says: "Yes, the two hours allotted as time for class is now finished, and the time for leaving has now begun."
Mojo Jojo says: "See you tomorrow, which is the day that will begin after the passing of tonight's midnight hour."
Cut to city's skyline at day'.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "A succinct city where simple questions are given simple answers, except for..."
Narrator says: "what's this!"
Camera dashes to Talia and a man.
Talia says: "What kind of a simple question is that to ask the woman to whom you wish to enter the state of matrimony?"
Talia says: "Your question lacks the complexity AND weight that is apropos, of such a complex and weighty matter, and thus makes me question your true, heartfelt feelings in this serious life decision."
Man stares at Talia and blinks a few times. Camera dashes to Farouk getting a hotdog.
Farouk says: "Ketchup or mustard?"
Farouk says: "Do you mean, would I prefer the sweet fluid tomato flavorings?"
Farouk says: "Or the smashed liquefied mustard-seed renderings enjoyed by most consumers upon the hottest of dogs?"
Farouk sassily looks at the hotdog man waiting for an answer.
Hotdog man says: "Uh..."
Hotdog man says: "yeah."
Camera dashes to Enrique talking to a man walking to him.
Enrique says: "Is that dog which you hold within the embrace of your arms also held within your ownership?"
Dog-holding man opens his mouth, but gets interrupted by Enrique.
Enrique says: "By which I mean, are you the sole caregiver for this pooch that is within your personal grasp?"
Owner and dog look at each other in confusion'.
Enrique says: "In other words, is that your Schnauzer?"
Dog-holding man says: "Um, no..."
Dog-holding man says: "It's my cat in a dog suit..."
Dog-holding man says: "?"
Black background appears, with bubbles of Talia, Farouk and Enrique.
Talia says: "Well, let me tell you..."
Farouk says: "If that is your simple and painfully boring answer..."
Enrique says: "Then you are in need of being re-educated by..."
All says: "Mojo Jojo!"
Cut to a large group of people in Mojo's class. They chat randomly and bell rings. Mojo no longer in a suit enters the classroom and walks around.
Mojo Jojo says: "Why is my class which was previously merely a few people now more than a few?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Which equals many!"
Cut to Farouk explaining.
Farouk says: "Because in our speaking of proper English around Townsville, sir Mojo, it became clear to those previously in the dark that their English was inaccurate, that they must enter the light, accepting that it is in the hearing, not om the seeing, that this light has come upon them."
Mojo Jojo says: "Ah, yes, good, I see..."
Mojo Jojo says: "So now it begins, starts, and comes to commencement!"
Mojo Jojo says: "To the masses I must now reach, and in the reaching, these classroom walls cannot confine my unending grasp!"
With that last time, Mojo's face starts to change of determination. He sneakily squints his eyes. Cut to the Powerpuff household, the hotline rings. Blossom picks it up.
Blossom says: "Yes, mayor?"
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Yes, but..."
Blossom says: "Where?"
Mayor says: "There is a stealing of sorts happening at the place where money is given and taken, that is to say, deposited and withdrawn, and sometimes redistributed and loaned, but currently, the taker is taking that which is not his, thus performing an act of illegality, which could result in incarceration within the confines of a penal facility, that is to say, prison, jail, hoosegow, et cetera."
Buttercup says: "What's he saying?"
Blossom says: "I have no idea, but I think something bad is happening."
Buttercup says: "Let's go!"
Buttercup says: "Look!"
Blossom says: "I don't believe it!"
Blossom says: "The town's at a complete standstill."
Buttercup says: "But why?"
Bubbles says: "Is there an accident?"
Buttercup says: "All I see is that cop and that old lady."
Camera stops panning and reaches the cop and old lady.
Blossom says: "Let's check it out."
Cop says: "You realize that you were walking in the crosswalk after the green walking man had stopped being displayed, and when the flashing red hand had become the prominent visual."
Old lady says: "And while I appreciate the change in the crosswalk signage, the fact of the matter is, I am of elderly persuasion, and due to the deterioration of calcium level in my bones, my pedestrian abilities, which is to say my walking, is of a much slower pace than the average citizen of Townsville."
Man in car bumps his head on the horn in frustration.
Buttercup says: "Is this a crime?"
Blossom says: "No, just annoying."
Bubbles says: "Maybe the mayor was telling you about a bank robbery."
Blossom says: "To the bank!"
The Girls fly to the bank at a high speed.
Robber says: "The amount which I want to withdraw is not that from any bank account which I hold within a bank; in other words, I wish to take money that does not belong to me, but is instead in the ownership of others who have worked hard to gather funds for their future rainy days."
Banklady says: "But what I am asking you is, do you have an account which I can access, and, if so, what are the numerical digits for me to properly type upon the keyboard to tap into the computer system which allows me permission into all the fund-related requests."
Robber says: "And what you are failing to understand is that I do not have said accounts since I am not a patron of this fine establishment except to take from it that which is not mine."
Bubbles says: "Is this a stickup?"
Blossom says: "Seems more like a stuck-up."
Buttercup says: "What the heck is going on here?"
Girls fly to a large billboard with Mojo's face on it.
Mojo Jojo says: "And so I, Mojo Jojo, impart upon you the empowerment of Mo' Linguish."
Girls says: "Mo' Linguish?!"
Girls says: "!"
Buttercup says: "There's the crime!"
Mojo Jojo says: "And with this power, you no longer speak in brief, boring, abbreviated sentences; but instead will WOW the crowds with your scintillating usage of an overabundance of nouns, verbs, adjectives, pronouns, prepositions, and of course, the conjunction junctions, which have a multiple of functions."
Mojo Jojo says: "With the skill of Mo' Linguish, the world, which was previously not yours to be taken, will be at your fingertips!"
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Buttercup says: "He's done it!"
Bubbles says: "Mojo has managed to bring Townsville to a complete standstill, by having all of the people speak in the most lengthy of questions, and redundantt of answers?"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Sorry!"
Blossom says: "We've got to re-program Townsville, bringing the speech patterns back to normal."
Blossom says: "Come on!"
The Girls fly off to start.
Blossom says: "Ma'am, officer?"
Blossom says: "All this can be solved by you briefly stating your point, and moving on."
Cop says: "But if I were to speak briefly, it would mean that I did not speak all that I wish to have spoken, meaning that I would not fully express myself to the fullest and thus spoken in too small of a sentence to properly satisfy."
Old lady says: "And if I simply said "yes" or "no", the reasonings behind that "yes" or "no" would be unheard and unvoiced, and un-pontificated, thus leaving me with a feeling of stifled combustion that would be ready to explode."
Buttercup says: "Aw, this isn't going to work!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
[Error says: "Blossom's center of her bow is miscolored to blue."
Blossom says: "Someone has to re-teach them."
Buttercup says: "But do we know whose English is good enough to reverse the effects of Mo' Linguish and retrain all these people to speak properly, thus eliminating the circular pattern in which they are speaking?"
Buttercup says: "Darn it!"
Buttercup says: "Now I'm doing it!"
Blossom says: "I can think of only one in Townsville who has that power."
Straight cut to a classroom with a man talking and the people answering.
Talking Dog says: "Now, repeat after me, the color of the sky is..."
Talking Dog says: "?"
People says: "Blue."
Talking Dog says: "The color of the grass is..."
Talking Dog says: "?"
People says: "Green."
Talking Dog says: "The stop sign on the street is..."
Talking Dog says: "?"
People says: "Red."
Talking Dog says: "Very good."
Talking Dog says: "Now, let's move on to numbers."
Talking Dog says: "A dozen is..."
Talking Dog says: "?"
People says: "Twelve."
Blossom says: "This is going well."
Bubbles says: "Do you think Mojo is really learning his lesson?"
Blossom says: "Oh, I think he's learning quite a bit."
(Background says: "Your face has how many eyes?"
(Background says: ")"
(Background says: "Two."
(Background says: ")"
Cut to room where Mojo is tied up and Buttercup is guarding him, with a range of television screens facing him.
Talking Dog says: "The Easter Bunny hides..."
Talking Dog says: "?"
Mojo Jojo says: "Eggs."
Mojo Jojo says: "Ow!"
Buttercup says: "Keep it brief, buddy."
Mojo Jojo says: "Eggs."
The standard end shot comes up. This time, the narrator teases the girls with Mojo's speech pattern.
Narrator says: "And so, once again, the day is saved, because it was a day that was in need of being saved, due to the previously unsaved nature of the day."
Narrator says: "Thanks and in most humble gratitude, and that is saying, in much appreciation, to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Girls says: "Enough already!"
Narrator says: "Sorry; my most humble apologies; please forgive me."
Narrator says: "As the narrator, that is to say, teller of the story, I feel like I must provide a snappy button, that is, a concluding phrase, to each one of your action-packed adventures."
Girls says: "Quiet!"