Narrator says: "The city of Townsville …where everybody loves their local heroes, those fabulous Powerpuff Girls!"
The girls fly into view and gain altitude, then fly straight at the camera. Cut to behind them, approaching Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Narrator says: "And nowhere more than here, Pokey Oaks Kindergarten."
They buzz by their classmates, who look up after them in admiration and climb again. In the foreground are a black boy with glassesJoey, an Asian girlKim, a blond-haired boy in a wheelchairJeff, and Mary—the fat, bespectacled girl who nearly had heatstroke in “Ice Sore" before Blossom reluctantly agreed to cool her off with her ice breath, saving Mary's life.
Blossom says: "Looking good, girls."
Blossom says: "Let’s try formation Alpha-Eleven!"
They fly in three different directions, light trails blazing behind them, and go into tight turns. Blossom descends fast, moving from side to side slightly before starting a corkscrew pattern; her sisters approach from opposite sides. They meet at the heart of the corkscrew and fly up through it as Blossom continues her descent. She stops just short of the ground and takes off again, leaving the kids cheering and talking excitedly among themselves.
In the air, she catches up with the others.
Blossom says: "Omicron-Nineteen, go!"
Again they split up, and Blossom buzzes the crowd. Buttercup and Bubbles cut wide turns and meet at ground level, flying side by side down the playground before ascending. Blossom traces a curved path, while the others mirror her moves. The three approach each other and stop dead just before colliding head-on, and we see that they have drawn a huge heart in the sky. Turn down to ground level, where the other kids cheer.
In the air, Blossom waves to the group.
Blossom says: "Bye, everybody!"
Buttercup says: "See you later!"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "same place!"
On the ground, the kids look up in awe—the girls’ light trails have made a rainbow for them. They cheer again as it fades; Jeff rolls back and forth in excitement.
Dissolve to a stopped school bus on a city street. It pulls away, revealing the four kids previously mentioned standing on the sidewalk. They move o.c., with Mary in front. She walks back to face them, her arms stretched in front of her as if flying.
Mary says: "Look at me!"
Kim says: "Gee, it would be neat to fly like they do."
Joey says: "Yeah."
Jeff says: "I’d want to have all the powers."
Mary says: "Fire power!"
Kim says: "And ice breath."
Joey says: "And don’t forget them zappy eyes."
Kim says: "Zappy eyes?"
Jeff says: "Zappy eyes?"
Mary says: "Zappy eyes?"
Joey says: "You know—"
Joey says: "—"
Joey says: "them lasers!"
The four continue down the street. Pan quickly ahead of them to a dark alley, in which a pair of narrowed eyes appears. Cut to just outside the mouth of the alley, pointing down the sidewalk toward the kids; we hear them talking as they approach. A short figure dressed in a gray trenchcoat and huge fedora watches them. This individual wears white boots similar to those favored by Mojo Jojo and watches the kids for a few seconds before ducking o.c. into the alley to avoid being seen too soon by the kids.
Inside the alley, the figure watches as the kids start to move into view. Now we see that its ears are the same shade of green as Mojo’s ears.
Mary says: "Yeah!"
Mary says: "That’s what I want to have."
A hissing sound from o.c. brings her up short. The others look nervously around themselves in an attempt to find the source. Pull back to show them gathered at the mouth of the alley, looking in, then pull back farther in steps to show the buildings and the entire block. The hissing continues; cut to its source—the figure in the hat and coat. It is indeed Mojo, trying to whistle and failing quite badly at it. He runs out of breath and inhales to start again; before he can blow, though, pull back. The kids are gathered around him now, and they don't look too happy to see him.
Mary says: "Yeah?!"
Mary says: "!"
Mary says: "What do you want…  …you STRANGER?!"
Mary says: "!"
Mojo looks nervously at them for a long, tense moment due to them surrounding him on all sides, then regains his composure, knowing he needs to talk his way out of this situation rather than risk a beatdown if he doesn't calm the kids' hostility immediately.
Mojo says: "…Jo Overcoat."
Mojo says: "And I have something that you want."
His perspective of the group, surprised and uneasy with what he wants to show them.
Mojo says: "Superpowers!"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "this!"
Close-up of the box.
Mojo says: "…Chemical X!"
Pull back to show an empty patch of an alley.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "and that you desire."
His perspective of them.
Mojo says: "Together you will be a wonderfully diverse and multi-ethnic superhero team—"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "perhaps saving the environment, or whatever."
Cut to the alley wall, where the shadows of the five are visible. Mojo holds up the box.
Mojo says: "Now, who wants some?"
Back to the kids, who begin clamoring for a little of what Mojo has to offer. Turn up to the box in his hand and zoom in on it until the screen is entirely black. A shaft of brilliant white light cuts across the view and widens; cut to a side view of Mojo, the partially opened box in his hands. The light pours out and shoots toward the four kids, bathing them in radiance for a few seconds. Mojo laughs insanely as the camera pulls back to show the light flashing over the entire block. After a few seconds, it fades away and the camera cuts to the alley. The kids are bobbing up and down slightly and looking positively ecstatic.
Mary says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Mary says: "Wow, Mr."
Mary says: "Overcoat!"
Mary says: "Thanks!"
The others express their gratitude effusively.
Mojo says: "You’re very welcome, kids."
Mojo says: "But there’s something I need you to do for me."
Mary says: "Uh…what?"
Mojo says: "Have fun!"
Kids says: "Okay!"
Mojo says: "…while you can!"
He laughs evilly as the camera pulls back to bring most of the city into view. The kids fly across, thoroughly enjoying their new abilities. We see the reflection of Jeff in an office building’s windows as he steers his wheelchair along; now he pulls into view and dodges an oncoming helicopter easily before ducking over one building and behind another.
Jeff says: "I’m flying!"
He zooms toward the camera; cut to the suburbs as another of the kids flies up. Close-up—it is Mary. After a few seconds, she sniffs the air and her eyes pop open.
Cut to an ice cream stand.
Mary says: "…chocolate ice cream!"
Head-on view of Joey as he flies through Townsville. He is squinting and working his facial muscles.
Joey says: "I’m gonna do it…I’m gonna—"
Joey says: "yeah!"
A white laser beam shoots from his eyes. Side view of him, panning quickly right; the beam hits Kim.
Kim says: "Joey!"
Joey says: "My bad."
The ice blast reaches him and frosts him over as payback for hitting Kim. She flies up and looks him over.
Kim says: "Oops."
Close-up of Mary, licking an ice cream cone he is holding in her right hand. After a moment, she raises her left into view. This hand holds a second, identical cone, and she goes to work on it for a while. Pull back as she flies through the city to join Joey and Kim.
Joey says: "Mary!"
Kim says: "Mary!"
Mary says: "Jeff!"
Pull back to show the entire group talking excitedly. A second later, they begin to descend to the street, but do not take immediate notice of this fact. When they do, it causes some consternation.
Mary says: "Hey!"
Mary says: "Why are we going down?"
Joey says: "Golly!"
Joey says: "Maybe the Chemical X is wearing off."
Mary says: "Well, then, let’s find that Jo Overcoat and get some more!"
Dissolve to the end of the alley and pan across it. Mojo is nowhere in sight. The camera turns around to show the four. They are visibly distraught by his absence.
Mary says: "Holy smokes!"
Mary says: "Where is he?"
Kim says: "I don’t know."
Joey says: "Wh—"
Joey says: "what if he’s gone?"
Jeff says: "Oh, man, I’d do anything for some Chemical X right about now."
Mojo says: "Anything?"
He descends into view, holding on to the end of a fire escape ladder. He has the black box in his free hand and is again wearing the fedora and trench coat.
Kids says: "Jo Overcoat!"
Mojo says: "Ta-da!"
Kids says: "Please, sir, can we have some more?"
Mojo says: "Of course you can."
Mojo says: "But this time I need you to do something for me."
Mary says: "Aw…we’ll have fun, all right."
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "is if you destroyed the Powerpuff Girls!"
All four kids react to this request with total shock.
Narrator says: "Destroy the Powerpuff Girls?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Kids, just say no!"
Mary says: "No problem."
Joey says: "Sure."
Kim says: "Okay."
Jeff says: "Cool."
Mojo says: "Good."
The screen fills with white light as the Narrator speaks.
Narrator says: "Oh…and they used to be such good kids!"
Snap to the girls in flight.
Blossom says: "Everything looks good over here."
Blossom says: "Let’s head for—"
Bubbles says: "Blossom, look!"
She points over the water as the kids fly up in the distance.
Bubbles says: "There’s something happening across the bay!"
They continue their approach, faces set in anger.
Bubbles says: "Hey, it’s Jeff!"
Bubbles says: "What are you doing flying around?"
Jeff says: "Destroy Powerpuffs!"
Blossom says: "Look out!"
Buttercup says: "Look out!"
Bubbles says: "Look out?"
One of the wheels of Jeff’s chair catches her upside the head and knocks her spinning. Mary lands a punch that propels her across to Joey, who connects with a hard kick and sends her off in a different direction. Kim drills her with a punch, dropping her to the dock. Cut to Buttercup in midair, Mary approaching from behind.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Mary gets in a kidney punch and sets her up for the other three to land blows of their own. Buttercup slams down next to Bubbles. Cut to Blossom in midair, looking very worried. Behind her, the hands of Mary and Joey are visible.
Blossom says: "Oh, my!"
Pull back; all four kids have her surrounded. She looks about nervously just before they catch her in an eye-laser crossfire, and she too plummets to the dock. Turn up to the kids in midair and zoom in as they chuckle evilly at their accomplishment.
Cut to ground level. Mojo, again clad in his coat and hat, peeks out from between two buildings as the sounds of approaching ships are heard. He steps cautiously over to where the girls lie prone and lean over Blossom. He picks up one of her hands and lets it go. It falls limply to the pavement, and he stands up, laughing, and addresses himself to the o.c. kids.
Mojo says: "Oh, you kids did a super job!"
Mojo says: "Well done!"
His normal outfit is now exposed. In the air, the kids gasp in shock as the truth hits them like two-by-fours to the sides of their heads and their faces go slack in horror.
Kids says: "MOJO JOJO?!"
Kids says: "!"
Kids says: "?"
Mojo says: "None other!"
Mojo says: "And now that you have destroyed the Powerpuff Girls for me—"
Mojo says: "Later, dudes."
As they watch, he flies away, laughing insanely. Cut to Mary and pan to each kid in turn. All of them are in various states of guilt or fury over being duped by Mojo and destroying their friends.
Mary says: "Holy smokes!"
Mary says: "We’ve been tricked!"
Kim says: "Yeah!"
Kim says: "It was just too good to be true."
Joey says: "We gotta stop Mojo Jojo!"
Jeff says: "Yeah!"
Jeff says: "Let’s get him!"
Cut to them in flight. When they get out over the water, though, they begin to descend again. The second dose of Chemical X Mojo gave them earlier has started to wear off.
Mary says: "Oh, no!"
Mary says: "We’re losing our powers again!"
Kim says: "What are we gonna do now?!"
Kim says: "!"
Jeff says: "I have an idea, gang."
Jeff says: "Come on!"
They fly back to the dock with some difficulty and land. Mary falls a little short, but catches the edge of the platform and pulls herself up to follow the others. Overhead view of the girls, still unconscious. Once again they are caught in a four-way blast.
Narrator says: "What’s this?"
Narrator says: "The gang is using what remains of their powers to revive the Powerpuff Girls!"
Each girl wakes up as the energy washes over her. Bubbles is first, then Buttercup, and finally Blossom. They get up, one by one, in time with the next three lines.
Blossom says: "Hey…I feel better."
Buttercup says: "Me too."
Bubbles says: "Me three!"
The kids cower and kneel, begging the girls’ forgiveness for their earlier actions against them because of Mojo.
Blossom says: "That’s okay, guys."
Blossom says: "But remember."
Blossom says: "When dealing with Mojo Jojo’s mojo, just say no-no!"
They hang their heads in guilt and shame. Back to the girls.
Cut to the Mayor at his desk. Mojo faces him.
Mayor says: "Well, if you destroyed the Powerpuff Girls, then, by all means, take over Townsville!"
Mayor says: "It’s all yours!"
A crash shakes the camera, and Mojo turns to his right in shock, surprise, and disbelief. Pan quickly to that side to show the girls standing in front of the window and looking very angry.
Mojo says: "Powerpuffs?!"
Mojo says: "!"
Mojo says: "But.."
Blossom says: "“Butt” is right!"
Blossom says: "And yours is about to get kicked!"
Blossom says: "Prepare to get a taste of what Chemical X can really do!"
She charges at him and pulls up just behind his head. Cut to outside the window. A punch is thrown, and Mojo crashes out through the glass. Back in the office, Buttercup races across the room. Outside, the camera turns down to follow the monkey as he plummets headfirst. A green blur races down the fire escape stairs next to him. Buttercup is the first to reach the ground. She pulls up a lamppost, shoulders it, and swings for the fence. A loud clang is heard, and the screen flashes white. When it clears, Mojo is seen rocketing across the skyline as if he were a line drive on its way to the right-field fence at Yankee Stadium. Bubbles pulls ahead of him and lands at the base of a building that has a razor-wire fence around it. She looks up in dismay. We see Mojo in free fall, and the camera pulls back to show the building as the jail. She puts her shoulder to the wall and pushes the entire structure several yards so that he crashes through the ceiling. Inside, he falls into a cell, and his cape settles over his battered form as the door slams shut.
(A quick flash of light fills the screen. When it subsides says: "“MOJO PUSHES TOO FAR—"
the camera pulls back to show the view as the photo on the front page of the Townsville Tribune. The headline says: "“MOJO PUSHES TOO FAR—"
(A quick flash of light fills the screen. When it subsides says: "IS NOW BEHIND BARS."
the camera pulls back to show the view as the photo on the front page of the Townsville Tribune. The headline says: "IS NOW BEHIND BARS."
(A quick flash of light fills the screen. When it subsides says: "” Dissolve to the girls at the front of the kindergarten classroom."
the camera pulls back to show the view as the photo on the front page of the Townsville Tribune. The headline says: "” Dissolve to the girls at the front of the kindergarten classroom."
(A quick flash of light fills the screen. When it subsides says: "Blossom is holding the newspaper."
the camera pulls back to show the view as the photo on the front page of the Townsville Tribune. The headline says: "Blossom is holding the newspaper."
(A quick flash of light fills the screen. When it subsides says: ")"
the camera pulls back to show the view as the photo on the front page of the Townsville Tribune. The headline says: ")"
Blossom says: "And you see?"
Blossom says: "That’s why you should stay away from strangers."
The four kids who fell for Mojo's scam still look very remorseful from being duped by him.
Mary says: "Um…girls…we just wanted to say we’re all really sorry."
Bubbles says: "That’s okay, guys."
Bubbles says: "It wasn’t your fault."
Blossom says: "We know you’d never hurt us on purpose."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, Mojo put some funny stuff in that so-called “Chemical X,” and it really messed with your heads."
Mary says: "Well, one thing’s for sure."
Mary says: "We’ll never talk to or take anything from strangers again!"
Kids says: "We promise!"
Camera shifts to point along the desk shared by Mary and Jeff. Mitch Mitchellson is in the seat next to them.
Mitch says: "But what was it like, havin’ superpowers and all?"
Camera turns around to show all four kids as they excitedly recount their adventures to him. Back to the girls, still at the front of the room.
Blossom says: "Yeah, it is pretty cool."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Aww, what a great ending!"
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Oh, I just love these stories where you laugh and learn."