Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, which is kept safe from crime until..."
Cut to a TV screen showing a program with Puppet Pals Clem and Mitch, two characters from the 'bumper' segments on Dexter's Laboratory. Mitch has his padded bonking stick.
Mitch says: "Bonk, bonk!"
Clem says: "Who's there?"
Mitch says: "Bonk!"
Clem says: "Bonk who?"
Mitch says: "Just bonk."
A laugh track is heard throughout this exchange. At the end of it, the camera shifts to show the Professor and the girls watching the program in their living room. They laugh along with it.
Professor says: "7:00."
Professor says: "Time for bed, girls."
They are going up the stairs in a flash and hit the bathroom to brush their teeth; he looks in from the hallway. Cut to him, holding a pink nightgown over his head.
Professor says: "Blossom."
She zips across the screen and into the waiting gown. Now he holds up a light green one.
Professor says: "Buttercup."
She follows her sister's lead, after which the Professor holds up a light blue gown.
Professor says: "Bubbles."
Professor says: "Bubbles?"
The girl in question tiptoes past, giggling and wearing only her bra and her underwear.
Professor says: "Come back here, young lady."
Still giggling, Bubbles flies around a corner and down the hall but hits the brakes when she sees that the Professor has moved in to intercept her. She suddenly finds herself in her nightgown; he points the way to the bedroom.
Professor says: "Bed."
Dissolve to him at the bedroom doorway.
Professor says: "Good night, girls."
(Cut to a slow pan across the bed. Buttercup says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
Blossom have gone out as quickly as the lights did says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
but a quick pan to Bubbles shows her sitting up says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
stuffed octopus in hand says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
looking very ill at ease. Out in the hall says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
the Professor has turned to leave when he catches the sound of soft whimpering through the door. He turns back; inside the room says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
the hinges squeak says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
a ray of light fall across Bubbles - he has cracked the door open for her. They smile at one another says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
she instantly goes to sleep. During this sequence says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
we see for the first time the entire decoration on the bed's headboards says: "a large pink heart with the initials "PPG" inside it."
(Cut to a slow pan across the bed. Buttercup says: ")"
Blossom have gone out as quickly as the lights did says: ")"
but a quick pan to Bubbles shows her sitting up says: ")"
stuffed octopus in hand says: ")"
looking very ill at ease. Out in the hall says: ")"
the Professor has turned to leave when he catches the sound of soft whimpering through the door. He turns back; inside the room says: ")"
the hinges squeak says: ")"
a ray of light fall across Bubbles - he has cracked the door open for her. They smile at one another says: ")"
she instantly goes to sleep. During this sequence says: ")"
we see for the first time the entire decoration on the bed's headboards says: ")"
Now he walks off down the hall, still smiling; after a few steps, though, his entire body slumps over and a look of deep weariness steals over his face. His pace slows as well. After a few more steps, he bends over so far that his hands are almost dragging the ground. He can hardly muster the energy to drag his feet along the carpet. Dissolve to his bedroom as he enters, now wearing his own pajamas and still moving in that broken-down shuffle. Cut to an overhead view of him as he pulls up the covers and looks off to one side; pan in that direction to show the other half of his double bed occupied only by the moonlight, then back to him. Pull back to bring the entire bed into view as he sighs heavily. Loneliness has found its companion for the evening.
A public-address system is switched on, shattering the quiet.
P.A. says: "Cleanup on aisle 8!"
Cut to the Professor at the supermarket, pushing a grocery cart. Bubbles flies up to him, carrying a box of some product.
Bubbles says: "Wow!"
Bubbles says: "I want these!"
Cut to his perspective of her; the product name is Wow. She is elbowed aside by Buttercup, who carries a box marked "Better.".
Buttercup says: "No way!"
Buttercup says: "These are better!"
Now Blossom flies up in front of her with a box marked "These.".
Blossom says: "Uh-uh!"
Blossom says: "These!"
Girls says: "Professor!"
Professor says: "Girls, you may each have what you want, but I can't see where I'm—"
Two carts - one of them the Professor's, the other empty - approach in slow motion and get into a head-on collision. Groceries go flying.
He continues stammering as the girls fly up beside him. Cut to the floor, just in front of him; behind the other cart are two very attractive legs, sporting pink high heels, that disappear into a matching skirt. Turn up from these to show their owner - a young, well-proportioned woman in a suit of this same color. She has blond hair that is so light as to appear white, huge light eyes, and a pink pillbox hat. She also sports a lovely smile and a sprinkling of freckles under her eyes, which twinkle under the store lights. The Professor, meanwhile, is still at a total loss for words.
Narrator says: "Uh-oh!"
Narrator says: "Direct hit, Cupid."
The girls look at him over to the woman, then back to the Professor; the camera pans to follow their gaze.
Professor says: "I-I-I-I..."
Back to the girls, who suddenly have a brainstorm. Pan quickly to the woman as they fly to her.
Girls says: "Hi!"
Girls says: "What's your name?"
Ima Goodelady says: "Ms."
Ima Goodelady says: "Goodelady."
Ima Goodelady says: "Ms."
Ima Goodelady says: "Ima Goodelady."
Girls says: "We're the Powerpuff Girls!"
Ima Goodelady says: "but who is that strapping gentleman behind you?"
The girls move aside, giving Ima a clear view of said gentleman. He still has not found his tongue.
Professor says: "I-I-I-I-I..."
Buttercup says: "He's the Professor."
Bubbles says: "He's single."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "What they mean to say is perhaps if you're not too busy, maybe he could take you out."
Ima says: "Why, that'd be splendid."
Blossom says: "Saturday night then?"
Buttercup says: "No, Sunday!"
Bubbles says: "I like Friday!"
Ima says: "Friday it is."
Blossom says: "Say, 8:00?"
Buttercup says: "No, 10:00."
Bubbles says: "I like 7:00!"
Ima says: "7:00 sounds great."
Girls says: "Yay!"
Girls says: "Friday at 7:00!"
Professor says: "I-I-I-I..."
Narrator says: "Boy, that Professor is one smooth operator."
Cut to the exterior of the house at night.
Narrator says: "The big night!"
Bubbles says: "I found your bow!"
Bubbles says: "Oh, it looks so lovely."
Pull back; he is dressed in a tuxedo. Buttercup flies into view and grabs the tie.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "It's a bow tie,   and it goes down here."
Buttercup says: "See?"
Bubbles says: "Oh."
Bubbles says: "I guess that looks good too."
The two girls go to work primping him, applying the next four items in the proper places.
Buttercup says: "And your hair gel."
Bubbles says: "And cologne."
Buttercup says: "Breath mints."
Bubbles says: "And cufflinks."
Buttercup says: "And some of these."
[Note says: "It has been rumored that the item is a condom, but in fact, she has nothing in her hand when she puts it into his pocket."
Blossom says: "And don't forget the flower."
Cut to him, the girls floating nearby and admiring their work. He looks quite dashing now; Blossom's contribution is tucked into his buttonhole.
Narrator says: "Looking sharp, Professor."
Professor says: "I won't be late, girls, and Mayor,  thanks again for babysitting."
Girls says: "Goodbye, Professor!"
Girls says: "Have fun!"
(Dissolve to a wall clock says: "00."
now showing 8 says: "00."
(Dissolve to a wall clock says: "After a second dissolve, it shows 11:00."
now showing 8 says: "After a second dissolve, it shows 11:00."
(Dissolve to a wall clock says: "The Professor eases the door open and looks in; pull back to show the Mayor asleep on his feet, snoring and babbling in his sleep."
now showing 8 says: "The Professor eases the door open and looks in; pull back to show the Mayor asleep on his feet, snoring and babbling in his sleep."
(Dissolve to a wall clock says: "The would-be Casanova eases up behind him."
now showing 8 says: "The would-be Casanova eases up behind him."
(Dissolve to a wall clock says: ")"
now showing 8 says: ")"
Mayor says: "Aah!"
Mayor says: "My life is a lie!"
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Uh, ahem."
Mayor says: "Uh, good night!"
Now he peeks into the living room; we hear static from the TV. Pan slowly left to show the girls asleep on the couch in front of it.
Professor says: "Wake up, girls."
Professor says: "I have a surprise for you."
They open their eyes and mumble sleepy queries; behind him, the door stands open and a beaming Ima is inside. Now she wears a white cocktail dress and matching heels. Zoom in on her in two steps, then pull back; she hangs on the Professor's arm and faces the girls, who seem a bit bemused by her presence.
Ima says: "I'm so excited to be helping out around here with you girls."
Girls says: "Helping out?!"
Girls says: "!"
Blossom says: "With what?"
Ima says: "Why don't you let me explain to them?"
Professor says: "Oh, okay, uh, sure."
Ima says: "Alone."
Professor says: "I'm at your command, Ima."
Professor says: "Ha, ha!"
Ima says: "Oh, you."
Ima says: "You see, it's quite simple, girls."
Ima says: "With the Professor being as busy as he is, it'll be good to have a female touch helping out around here."
Blossom says: "But we don't need any extra help around here."
Blossom says: "We're..."
Girls says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Ima laughs softly and leans down to them. Her next words are delivered in a harsh, angry tone - nothing like what we have heard from her so far.
Ima says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Ima says: "And it is that kind of attitude that is going to change around here!"
Narrator says: "Uh-oh."
Narrator says: "Something is amiss, or maybe even soon, a missis!"
Cut to the exterior of the house in the morning.
Narrator says: "The next morning..."
Inside, the girls are set for action.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls!"
Blossom says: "Townsville's in trouble!"
They prepare to take off but find Ima in their way. She is now dressed casually but smartly, and addresses them in the same harsh tone that surprised them so much the night before.
Ima says: "And just where do you think you're going?"
Blossom says: "We're going to fight crime!"
Buttercup says: "That's what we do."
Bubbles says: "Duh!"
[Animation goof says: "Her mouth does not move on this line."
Ima says: "Not today you don't."
Ima says: "You 3 left the living room a complete mess last night, and there will be no crime-fighting until that room is spotless!"
Buttercup says: "No problem."
The living room is indeed in disarray, but they put it shipshape in an instant.
Buttercup says: "Done."
Ima says: "but I'm afraid you forgot this!"
She pushes the plant to the floor. Now she approaches a picture on the wall.
Ima says: "And this!"
Ima says: "From now on you are forbidden to use your superpowers!"
Cut to the girls, cleaning implements in hand and dissatisfied looks on their faces.
Ima says: "You will do things like normal little girls!"
Cut to them, tidying up the living room and really not enjoying it a bit.
Narrator says: "And so the Powerpuff Girls clean the room like normal kids."
Narrator says: "Boring."
Dissolve to them lying in a sparkling room. They are wiped out. The Professor steps into view.
Professor says: "Oh, girls!"
Professor says: "It's time for..."
They perk up and zip into place on the couch, ready to watch their favorite show.
Ima says: "Bed!"
This catches them off guard; cut to the two adults. Ima is now wearing a magenta dress.
Professor says: "Uh, what?"
Professor says: "Uh… Bed?"
Ima says: "Well, honey, they are growing girls, and growing girls do need their rest..."
Ima says: "..."
Ima says: "don't they?"
Professor says: "Well, I-I-I—"
Girls says: "But, Professor!"
Professor says: "Well, if Ima thinks it's time for bed, then I'll have to agree with her."
Ima throws a smirk at them, and they float slowly up the stairs, their heads down. Dissolve to a pan across the bed; they are under the covers and thoroughly unhappy. Bubbles has her octopus doll, but Ima snatches it away and leans down to her.
Ima says: "And growing girls don't play with stupid dolls!"
Bubbles' mouth wobbles and her eyes fill with tears at the prospect of having to spend a night without her favorite octopus doll. Ima is now at the door.
Ima says: "Now, good night."
She turns off the lights and slams the door, blacking out the screen - no hallway light for Bubbles.
Buttercup says: "This stinks."
Bubbles says: "It's too dark."
Buttercup says: "There's something fishy about that—"
She is cut off by a buzzing noise and flashes of red light that illuminate the entire room. The source of both is a hotline just like the one at Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Blossom says: "Never mind that for now."
Blossom says: "The city needs us!"
Narrator says: "That's more like it!"
Narrator says: "And so after a tiring evening of crime-fighting, the girls quietly return home."
On the end of this line, they fly to the front door. Cut to just inside, the lights out, as they ease it open and tiptoe in, hoping to make it back into bed without being caught by the Professor or Ima. They are stopped by an all-too-familiar voice.
Ima says: "And just where have you three been?"
Across the room, her eyes glint in what little light there is, and she switches on a nearby lamp to show herself. She is quite put out at their late-night activities and having been out past the curfew she put down earlier.
Ima says: "Well?!"
Ima says: "!"
Blossom says: "We were out fighting crime!"
Buttercup says: "That's what we do."
Bubbles says: "Duh."
Those are not the words that Ima wanted to hear. The girls have intentionally disobeyed her orders. Ima grinds her teeth and holds back a roar of fury, the camera zooming in slowly on her. Finally, she blows her top.
Ima says: "THAT'S IT!"
Ima says: "grounded!"
The Professor is at the foot of the stairs, yawning in his pajamas - the yelling has woken him up.
Ima says: "Oh!"
Ima says: "I was so worried."
Ima says: "They purposely disrespected me and left to fight crime."
Cut to the girls. The show has touched Blossom's disbelief, Bubbles' guilt, and Buttercup's impatience.
Professor says: "Girls, she's only looking out for your best interest."
Girls says: "But-but-but—"
Professor says: "No buts."
Professor says: "You're g-g-g-grounded."
Zoom in quickly on Ima's face; she throws a wicked look at the girls, bathing in victory at having outsmarted them, but the Professor does not catch it. They float sadly out of the room as he looks down at her unconscious form in his arms with deep concern. Cut to the girls' bedroom, seen from outside one of its windows; they are in bed and appearing very distressed.
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls grounded?"
Narrator says: "What evil will befall Townsville?"
The door opens, and Ima's silhouette slips out and runs across the lawn.
Narrator says: "And   just where the heck is she off to?"
In the bedroom, the hotline goes off again. Blossom floats to it and picks up the call.
Blossom says: "Hello."
Mayor says: "Blossom, it's the Mayor."
Blossom says: "Oh, hello, Mayor."
Close-up of him on the other end, phone in hand.
Mayor says: "Blossom, I need your help right away."
Blossom says: "Sorry, Mayor, but we're grounded."
Back to the office, a long shot this time. The Mayor's phone looks exactly like the one in the girls' room. Behind him, a woman's silhouette is seen reaching into an open wall safe. The figure has glowing red eyes and wildly overgrown hair.
Mayor says: "Well, you picked a fine night to be grounded."
Mayor says: "Sedusa is robbing my safe of its jewels as we speak."
Mayor says: "Hey, put those back!"
Blossom says: "Sedusa?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "Yes, that is quite a coincidence we got grounded."
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We'll catch Sedusa, as soon as she gets home."
Cut to the darkened front hallway. The door opens slowly, and Ima tiptoes across. Now it is her turn to be brought up short by a familiar voice.
Blossom says: "And just where have you been?"
Across the room, three pairs of huge eyes gleam in the darkness.
Blossom says: "Well?"
Buttercup says: "Ms."
Buttercup says: "Goodelady?"
Now we see that she has a bulging bag nestled in her arms. Her shocked expression when she first heard the girls catch her and looked up is now replaced by one of contempt.
Ima says: "I thought I grounded you brats!"
Ima says: "I'm getting the Professor."
Blossom says: "Afraid not, Ima."
Blossom says: "He's conveniently stepped out."
Buttercup says: "And we know you're not such a good lady after all."
Bubbles says: "What's in the bag, Sedusa?"
On this last word, she grabs Ima's hair and pulls. The woman's dress rips away to expose Sedusa, the thief from the Mayor's office. Her outfit is almost completely red - long gloves and boots, leotard, fishnet stockings. The only other color she wears is black, on the pantyhose she has on under the fishnets. Locks of her long black hair writhe in all directions. She still holds the bag - the spoils from her caper. The harsh tone is her true voice; only her eyes carry any reminder of her alter ego, and she's livid at having been exposed without the Professor there for her to ask for help to maintain her cover.
Narrator says: "Sedusa?"
Narrator says: "Who woulda guessed it?"
Sedusa says: "Let go!"
The bag gives way, spilling gems all over the floor. Bubbles floats down to inspect them.
Bubbles says: "Well, what do you know?"
Bubbles says: "The Mayor's jewels."
Bubbles says: "Nice try, Sedusa, but the game's over."
Sedusa says: "Ha, ha!"
Sedusa says: "Never."
Bubbles says: "Ground this!"
She pounds Sedusa in the face and backs up for another attack, but the criminal lashes out with a hank of hair and catches her around the waist. Bubbles is flung across the room and into the wall. Now her sisters get into the game; Sedusa whips Blossom away, but Buttercup knocks the wind out of her and Blossom returns for another go. This time, she delivers an uppercut and Buttercup does likewise. Bubbles lands a one-two combo consisting of a stomp on Sedusa's foot followed up with a jumping uppercut. Buttercup kicks her in the back, driving her to her knees. Cut to the front door, which opens to admit the Professor. His arms are loaded with groceries. The beating continues o.c., but he does not immediately take notice of it.
Professor says: "Oh, girls, I'm back from the store?!"
Professor says: "!"
As he trails off, shocked, he drops his load. Cut to the girls, who now have Sedusa pinned.
Professor says: "What's going on here?"
Cut back to him on the end of this line, then back to the girls and the criminal - who is now up to her knees and rubbing her jaw.
Sedusa says: "The girls just went crazy and jumped me when I came home."
Blossom says: "No, Professor, it's not true."
Buttercup says: "She's really Sedusa."
Bubbles says: "And she grounded us so she could make off with the Mayor's jewels."
Sedusa says: "Please, help me."
The Professor thinks this over for a long moment, the love of his girls colliding on his face with that for Ima and the debris scattering in all directions. His eyebrows work as the other four watch him intently and the tension mounts.
Sedusa says: "Please."
Another long moment of silence in which the tension becomes thick enough to choke a horse. Finally, the Professor takes Sedusa's hand. The girls gasp in disbelief and hang their heads.
Professor says: "Girls, call the police."
They look up, their faces shining again. The Professor has locked Sedusa's arms behind her back with one of his own and put her in a headlock with the other. Sedusa's face is twisted into an angry grimace at the Professor refusing to fall for her tricks this time and restraining her until the law arrives to take her to prison. She's not fooling him any more.
Professor says: "This crook isn't going to deceive us anymore."
Girls says: "Yay!"
Fade to black.
Fade into the living room; the family is again gathered around the TV.
Narrator says: "Well, it looks like things are back to normal at the Powerpuff household."
The doorbell rings. A quick flash of the Professor's hand at the knob; now he is at the door.
Cut to ground level, looking out the door, to show a light blue skirt. Turn up to show it as part of a dress worn by a pretty woman with dark blond hair done up in a style similar to that of Donna Reed. She wears an apron and has large, twinkling eyes. Her voice is also quite pleasant.
Woman #1 says: "Hello."
Woman #1 says: "I live down the street, and I heard all about your apprehension of that vicious criminal, and so,  I baked you a pie."
Narrator says: "Uh-oh!"
Narrator says: "Here we go again!"
Narrator says: "Better nip this one in the bud, girls."
Just before they can plow into the woman, the standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls."
The End!
We’ll see you again soon!