Narrator says: "The city of Towns—"
Narrator says: "A tired town with an early, early bedtime."
Pan slowly along a street; the lights of restaurants and clubs are being turned off for the night.
Narrator says: "No need for late nights here."
Narrator says: "Gotta get that beauty sleep."
On another block, a car appears to close its eyes, dousing its headlights, and a policeman sleeps standing up at the corner.
Narrator says: "So peaceful, the empty streets."
Dissolve to a street on the outskirts of town and pan slowly toward the girls’ house.
Narrator says: "Even in the suburbs, Townsville’s citizens are tucked away in their beds."
Dissolve to the Professor’s bedroom; the city proper is visible from his window. He sleeps sitting up in bed, pipe in hand and notes scattered in front of him. A microscope sits on a stand near the bed. He is still wearing his lab coat.
Narrator says: "Still haven’t found that unified theory, eh, Professor?"
Now we see Blossom asleep in bed. Pan right to show her sisters, also sleeping.
Narrator says: "Ah, here’s our girls, far away in a dreamy slumber."
Bubbles is cradling Octi; Buttercup throws punches at the empty air on the side of the bed, possibly dreaming of her beating up a bad guy. Camera stops on her.
Narrator says: "Go get ’em, Buttercup."
Narrator says: "Yes, everyone’s resting up for a bright new day."
Cut to the exterior of the museum.
Narrator says: "But wait."
Narrator says: "What’s this?"
Narrator says: "Someone in Townsville is not asleep."
Inside, the camera pans quickly across a few galleries to the sound of stealthy footsteps. Cut to a security guard asleep at his monitoring station; the screen in front of him displays the Anubis statue from “Monkey See, Doggie Do” on a pedestal. A flash of light hides the image for a moment, and a photograph of the scene is slipped into place. Close-up of the surveillance camera as a white-gloved hand—Mojo Jojo’s—attaches the photo and he gasps softly. Cut to a long shot of the statue and zoom in slowly, to the should of more footsteps and his voice—his perspective of the gallery.
Close-up of a tripwire surrounding the pedestal; Mojo steps up to it. Two clamps are quickly set in place to keep the tension on to avoid tripping the alarm, and he clips the wire with scissors. Cut to the pedestal; he sprays powder into the air, revealing a net of laser beams surrounding the statue. He pushes it carefully out through the beams. Note that this time, the Anubis head is shown to be covered in cracks, indicating it had been glued back together after its original demise in "Monkey See, Doggie Do".
Long shot of one gallery; Mojo’s shadow is cast large on the back wall as he makes his way out with the statue. He chuckles to himself, then stops and snaps his fingers as if remembering something.
Mojo says: "Oh!"
Close-up of the Anubial Jewels in their display case, which appear to be completely intact, with no cracks on them like the Anubis head, despite being shown shattering with the Anubis head back in "Monkey See, Doggie Do"; he smashes this with the statue and removes them, triggering the alarm.
(A newspaper spins into view says: "the Times."
Narrator says: "Townsville Museum robbed?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Zoom in on the “After” picture, after which the paper is pulled away and the scene changes to the actual pedestal. The girls hover around it.
Blossom says: "Hmmm…well, it is missing."
Blossom says: "Did you search for any clues, Curator?"
Cut to the Curator, a group of policemen surrounding him.
Curator says: "Well, I didn’t want these brutish police trouncing around my beautiful museum."
Blossom says: "That’s silly."
Blossom says: "Okay, girls."
Blossom says: "Spread and search!"
Bubbles charges off down one hallway, Buttercup takes the stairs, and Blossom heads down another hallway. All three cut deep furrows in the floor as they go. Cut back to the pedestal, the girls crashing into view one by one through the wall behind it.
Bubbles says: "Nope."
Buttercup says: "Nope."
Blossom says: "No clues."
Cut to the Curator, who cries out and faints into the arms of a not-too-bright cop.
Cop 2 says: "Well, uh…there was something else stolen…uh…would that qualify as a clue?"
Close-up of the smashed jewel case.
[Error says: "“Anubial” is misspelled in this shot."
** Girls says: "The Anubial Jewels?"
Buttercup says: "Hey…you don’t think—"
Buttercup says: "?"
Blossom says: "No way."
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Cut to them in flight across the city.
Blossom says: "I sure wish we could find a trail."
Girls says: "Huh?"
The streets are filled with dogs as in “MSDD.” Surprised, the girls assess the scene and quickly come to an conclusion they hoped would not be the answer for a second time.
Buttercup says: "He couldn’t be that stupid, could he?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Yes, he could. Cut to a pile of jewels on the floor. Mojo reaches into view and starts shoveling them into the hatch of the machine he used before. As he speaks, camera tilts up to the statue under its dome, with the eyepiece of the observatory telescope directly above it. We see a quick flash of him shoveling and closing the hatch during this sequence.
** Mojo says: "Yes!"
** Mojo says: "With these jewels, the magic curse of the ancient Anubis dog’s head will finally be unleashed!"
He turns up the POWER knob and throws the ON SWITCH.
** Mojo says: "And then—"
** Mojo says: "—"
** Mojo says: "Mojo Jojo!"
He presses THE BUTTON; outside, the telescope begins to glow and emits a beam into the sky. The girls see it shoot overhead and realize their suspicions are now justified.
Girls says: "Whoa!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
The beam engulfs the world, and as before, the same French lovers, the Eskimo, and the Japanese man are turned into dogs. After each shot, we see the girls charging in. They finally crash through the ceiling of Mojo’s lair.
Blossom says: "Not so fast—"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "Mojo—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "Jojo!"
Blossom says: "We know what you’re up to!"
Buttercup says: "You tried this stupid plan before!"
Bubbles says: "And we stopped you the last time!"
Mojo says: "Aha!"
Mojo says: "This I know!"
Mojo says: "But there is one small difference!"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "and have discovered a fatal flaw in my plan—"
Close-up of a VCR; he loads the tape and starts it.
** Mojo says: "—"
** Mojo says: "which you will now see!"
The TV screen shows a test pattern; the girls look resignedly at one another as if someone is showing a boring set of vacation slides. The pattern is replaced by the Anubis head being held aloft. Mojo stands by the TV, holding a pointer rod.
Mojo says: "Now, if you will recall, using the magical power of the Anubis head—"
Zoom in on the screen; he is now firing beams and transforming people.
** Mojo says: "—"
** Mojo says: "I was turning the people of Townsville into dogs."
** Mojo says: "BOOM!"
The view shifts to the movie theater and the people running out are transformed.
** Mojo says: "Run, little people, run!"
In the lair, he watches the tape eagerly; the girls float above, not looking too impressed. On TV, he has the Anubis head and his bullhorn.
Close-up of the screen; frightened dogs run through the street and stop short.
** Mojo says: "I commanded the people—"
** Mojo says: "Now look at that."
** Mojo says: "Obeying."
He holds out the statue, hypnotizing the dogs.
** Mojo says: "Now, pay attention!"
** Mojo says: "I then commanded the dogs to steal!"
** Mojo says: "Which they did."
** Mojo says: "Very well, I might add."
In the lair, he has his back to the camera. The TV is in front of him, showing the pile of jewels. The girls float in front of him, looking bored.
Mojo says: "This plan ROCKED!"
On TV, the beam is fired from the telescope, engulfing the world.
** Mojo says: "Check it out."
** Mojo says: "This plan was so big, it was affecting the whole world!"
** Mojo says: "Japan!"
** Blossom says: "Hey, who filmed this, anyway?"
** Blossom says: "What, do you have cameras all over the world?"
** Mojo says: "Yes!"
In the lair, he looks angrily back at them over his shoulder.
Mojo says: "Now shut up!"
On TV, the girls crash through the ceiling. We can hear them addressing Mojo.
** Mojo says: "So, BOOM!"
** Mojo says: "“Not so fast…Mojo Jojo."
** Mojo says: "”  Now, here’s where I made my first mistake..."
They fall to the floor and start barking at Mojo.
** Mojo says: "I shouldn’t have turned you into dogs!"
** Mojo says: "But how was I to know?"
** Mojo says: "I thought you were harmless."
** Mojo says: "…and you guys barked or something."
** Mojo says: "Now, here’s where you make me mad."
The statue is seen on its high perch.
** Mojo says: "There’s the Anubis head, then—"
** Mojo says: "“Oh, no."
** Mojo says: "It’s falling."
He catches the statue.
** Mojo says: "Ah, but I catch it!"
** Mojo says: "At that point, I was pretty confident that I’d beat you."
** Mojo says: "I felt—"
** Mojo says: "oh, wait, I remember, this…this part is stupid."
** Mojo says: "We don’t have to watch it."
** Blossom says: "No, wait!"
** Blossom says: "This is when you sicced your dumb Dobermans on us."
** Buttercup says: "And we kicked their butts!"
** Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
In the lair, Mojo works the remote control.
Mojo says: "No, no, it’s stupid."
** Girls says: "Hey!"
** Mojo says: "You see?"
** Mojo says: "Stupid."
In the lair, he works the remote again.
Mojo says: "Okay."
Mojo says: "Here is where you mini-mutts really made me mad!"
On TV, the girls advance on Mojo again.
** Mojo says: "You moved in slowly with an attempt to corner me."
** Mojo says: "Now, if you watch closely—"
** Mojo says: "this part I do not like…observe."
She approaches from behind, jumps up the steps, and bites him in the hindquarters.
** Mojo says: "You BITE me!"
** Mojo says: "—"
The French lovers, the Eskimo, and the Japanese man are returned to normal, followed by the street-corner cop—still asleep. Now the beam disappears into Mojo, and he turns into a dog. In the lair, he works the remote; the sound of rewinding tape is heard.
Mojo says: "So now you see the fatal flaw in my plan!"
On TV, Buttercup bites Mojo, he throws the statue up, and it breaks on his head.
** Mojo says: "The dogs, the biting, the dropping."
** Mojo says: "The dogs—"
In the lair, Blossom has had enough of this.
Blossom says: "Okay, we get it!"
Mojo says: "Yes!"
Mojo says: "And now you will get this!"
Mojo says: "And therefore I will not drop the Anubis head!"
Mojo says: "But there is more."
Mojo says: "In the unlikely event of any future butt-biting—"
He turns around and reaches behind his back to grab his belt.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "I have thoroughly prepared myself!"
He pulls his pants down; cut to the girls, who react in disgust, then to Mojo’s feet. His underwear is around his ankles; the camera tilts up to his rear, which has a thick piece of sheet metal buckled onto it.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "no dropping."
Cut to the girls, who have truly had enough.
** Mojo says: "Once again—"
Buttercup says: "Oh, brother!"
Mojo says: "So, Powerpuffs, now that you have seen these special precautions, what do you plan to do?"
Blossom says: "We’re gonna kick your butt!"
Mojo says: "Wha—"
Mojo says: "?"
The girls let Mojo have it; the statue once again goes flying into the air. It shatters on the ground in slow motion, and again the world is enveloped in a beam. The French lovers, the Eskimo, and the Japanese man change back to human form, this last again left naked and hunched over his dinner plate, licking from it. The street-corner cop is next—he has again slept through the whole thing—and the beam disappears into Mojo, turning him into a dog. He looks at himself in surprise and starts to bark; he sounds as if he is crying.
(Around him says: "“CITY POUND."
the scene dissolves into a jail cell says: "“CITY POUND."
the sound of a slamming cell door is heard. Pull back to show him sharing the cell with a large dog who is eyeing him with possible romantic intentions. Above the cell is a sign says: "“CITY POUND."
Cellmate dog says: "Woof!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again."
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved, again—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "The day."
Narrator says: "The saving."
Narrator says: "The girls."
Narrator says: "The day!"
Narrator says: "The saving!"
Narrator says: "The girls!"