As he continues, the camera turns down quickly to ground level, through a cutaway view of the earth’s layers. The view resolves into the Professor’s lab and pans slowly to the door.
Narrator says: "…cannot be seen from the windowless laboratory of the Powerpuff Girls’ suburban home."
Narrator says: "Nevertheless, it is in this dim den where the brightest of births took place—"
Narrator says: "the creation of the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Every afternoon, Professor Utonium returns to this subterranean lab to continue his noodling with nature."
Narrator says: "Oh!"
Narrator says: "Here he comes now."
Humming to himself, the Professor descends the stairs, walks to a desk, and lights a match to get his pipe going. Pan away from him to the far wall, where we see the shadows of him and the desk cast large. He is leaning back in his chair. Behind him, the shadow of a long-handled mallet falls onto the wall and aligns itself with his head. The shadow descends; we see a flash of light and hear the Professor grunt briefly in surprise and pain. When the screen clears, the shadows of him and his chair are lying on the floor and being dragged o.c.
Cut back to the door, now closed again. It opens suddenly.
Bubbles says: "Professor!"
Zoom in on the stairs. Bubbles flies down, with Buttercup close behind and smacking her repeatedly with a sadistic smile on her face as she does.
Bubbles says: "Buttercup’s hitting me!"
Buttercup says: "I am not!"
Blossom says: "Girls, stop!"
Cut to the girls at the bottom of the stairs and pull back quickly as they gasp in shock. Across the lab, some smashed glassware and the Professor’s pipe are seen. Buttercup has stopped smacking Bubbles at this point.
Girls says: "Professor?"
Bubbles says: "Where’d he go?"
Blossom says: "Look for clues."
Blossom says: "Quick!"
Blossom and Buttercup fly back and forth across the lab as Bubbles sadly approaches the desk. On it are the pipe, a burning notepad—set on fire by the ashes—and a sheet of paper. She picks up the pipe and regards it for a long moment, during which the fire goes out, then notices the sheet.
Bubbles says: "Hey…  …could this be a clue?"
The sheet is very long, almost a scroll. Blossom and Buttercup look over her shoulders. Close-up of the top end, the camera turning down slowly to show all the text.
Mojo Jojo says: "“Dear Powerpuff Girls, I have kidnapped Professor Utonium!"
Mojo Jojo says: "I have taken him someplace against his will!"
Mojo Jojo says: "If you look for him in the spots he likes to be, you will not find him!"
Mojo Jojo says: "He’s with me, but not by choice!"
Mojo Jojo says: "I took him and he didn’t like it!"
Mojo Jojo says: "This message is from, and was written by, Mojo Jojo."
[Spelling error says: "“Someplace” is misspelled."
Close-up of Bubbles, shrugging in bewilderment.
Bubbles says: "Who could have done this?"
Pull back; her sisters glare at her in disgust from behind her back over her moment of stupidity. She does not see them, though—she is thinking very hard.
Blossom says: "Let’s roll!"
Cut to a long shot of the observatory, zooming in slowly.
Narrator says: "Oh, Mojo Jojo, what are you up to this time?"
Professor says: "Oh, Mojo Jojo—"
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "what are you up to this time?"
He is attached to a wall upside down. Mojo has his back to him.
Mojo says: "You’ll find out soon enough."
Extreme close-up of his ear, a hand cupped to it. Pull back to the sound of the girls approaching.
Mojo says: "Oh!"
Mojo says: "In fact, you’ll find out right…about…  …now!"
Blossom says: "If you’ve hurt the Professor—"
Mojo says: "Why, girls, I’m insulted."
Mojo says: "Do you really think I would harm…my own father?!"
Mojo says: "!"
The entire family is taken aback by this.
Blossom says: "What?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "What?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Professor says: "What?!"
Professor says: "!"
Buttercup says: "Whatchu talkin’ about, Mojo?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Mojo says: "I wasn’t born a supervillain chimp with an oversize brain, you know."
Dissolve to a flashback of a happy-looking monkey wearing a diaper, with a pink face very similar to Mojo’s, in a science lab.
Mojo says: "I was once Jojo, the Professor’s faithful lab assistant."
Jojo reaches up with a test tube. Dissolve to the Professor embracing him lovingly.
(Scenes from the opening sequence play out says: "the smashing of the flask of Chemical X and subsequent spill into the pot, the explosion—"
(Scenes from the opening sequence play out says: "which throws Jojo across the room—"
(Scenes from the opening sequence play out says: "and the girls floating above the table."
(Scenes from the opening sequence play out says: ")"
Mojo says: "My simple simian brain began to mutate and grow."
Close-up of Jojo, reading a volume of quantum physics; his face has now assumed its green tint. Books are stacked up behind him. Pull back slightly as Mojo speaks.
Mojo says: "And although the accident had caused an increase in my intelligence—"
The sound of a girl in flight is heard, and a shadow falls over him. Pull back to show Blossom holding a couch up so the Professor can vacuum under it.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "I was completely overshadowed by your tremendous physical powers!"
Cut to the lab. The Professor holds a piece of glass with a pair of tongs while Buttercup melts it down with her eye lasers. Zoom in on Mojo, hunched over in the background and working intently on something.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "my brilliant accomplishments went unnoticed."
The glass is melted down, and Jojo’s face falls. He sadly tosses the model away. Cut to him running along, carrying a test tube.
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "to compete with your girlish charms."
Cut to him hugging her and turn down to his feet. Jojo stands by him, slumped over and looking very dejected. Now we see the Professor and the girls at the living room window, laughing over something, and Jojo looking in from outside. During the next line, he turns away sadly and walks out of view, a bundle slung on a stick over his shoulder.
Mojo says: "I was left with only one choice."
As he continues, the monkey suits up in today’s outfit, piece by piece. The helmet, or “brain cap,” is set in place to cover the exposed gray matter.
Mojo says: "…MOJO JOJO!!"
Cut to each girl in turn. Once again they are quite shocked.
Blossom says: "What?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "What?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Bubbles says: "I don’t believe it!"
Bubbles says: "We had our very own pet monkey?"
Cut to the Professor; the girls fly up to him.
Blossom says: "Is it true, Professor?"
Professor says: "Well, I do remember a lab monkey named Jojo, but the rest is…uh…well, actually, I don’t remember much before you girls brightened my life."
Professor says: "Jojo, I feel horrible."
Mojo says: "Well, there is one way."
The Professor is released from his restraints, and the girls catch him before he can fall to the floor. They set him down next to Mojo; he straightens his tie and seems quite at ease. Suddenly, the monkey points at him angrily.
Mojo says: "GIVE ME SUPERPOWERS LIKE THEM!!!"
Blossom says: "What?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "Nuh-uh!"
Buttercup says: "No way!"
Professor says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "But, Professor!"
Buttercup says: "He’s our worst—"
Bubbles says: "—"
Bubbles says: "enemy!"
Professor says: "And we have only ourselves to blame."
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "from a little-lost monkey, whose only wish is to be an equal member of his poor, neglectful family."
Professor says: "Isn’t that right, Jojo?"
Mojo says: "Yes."
Close-up of their hands as they reach into view to shake. The girls look on uneasily from the background.
Professor says: "Let’s get to work."
Close-up of the end of a wrench as it descends into view; pull back to show the Professor tightening a nut on a piece of equipment. Pan across it; Mojo is working on the other side. Now a few drops of liquid descend, landing in a flask Mojo is filling. The heads of two mallets are brought down, with both workers swinging at full force. The Professor operates a power drill, and Mojo does a little spot welding. Next, the Professor hammers at a computer keyboard; a nut is adjusted, and more welding goes on. Now we see a quick sequence of shots of various bits of work, interspersed with close-ups of the two sweating faces, ending with shots of Mojo’s and the Professor’s open hands descending. Pull back; they clap one another on the back and look at their final product. The core of this consists of four panels, three small and one large; each has a set of clamps at its corners. Other pieces of machinery hang down from above.
Dissolve to a close-up of Bubbles.
Blossom says: "Well, of course."
Blossom says: "The Professor knows what he’s doing…right, Professor?"
Pull back. The girls are clamped to the three small panels; the Professor stands in front of them, his hand on a control lever. He seems quite at ease with what's about to happen next.
Professor says: "Of course, girls."
Professor says: "All this machine will do is copy your powers into Jojo."
Professor says: "Ready, Jojo?"
Mojo says: "Ready!"
The Professor pulls the lever, and a red light marked “ACTIVATE” begins to glow. Part of the overhead machinery charges; a button marked “COPY” is pressed next, and a broad beam of light emerges and sweeps across the girls as if they were documents in a Xerox machine. It passes over Mojo, and the camera zooms in slowly on him to an extreme close-up. His eyes pop wide open and take on the Powerpuff look, turning light violet. He addresses himself o.c.
Mojo says: "Father?"
Professor says: "Son?"
Buttercup says: "Oh, brother."
The Professor runs eagerly across the lab, his arms outstretched. Mojo flies toward him and knocks him off his feet, and the two embrace.
Mojo says: "Oh, thank you, Father."
Mojo says: "Well, now I’m a vengeful, mad genius bent on destroying mankind…with superpowers!"
The girls, still clamped down, gasp in surprise and anger at this act of betrayal of both their and the Professor's trust that Mojo had wanted to reform.
Blossom says: "I knew he couldn’t be trusted."
Blossom says: "Get him!"
They break loose and charge, carrying Mojo high into the air. However, he grabs them and throws them back across the lair for a triple forward pass, and they smash into the far wall. His eyes have returned to normal. They pull loose and rush him again; cut to him on the ground, laughing. He takes note of their offensive and starts throwing punches and kicks to repel them. They hit the floor hard enough to put three craters into it as he watches from midair.
Poking their heads up from the holes, they leap into the air and face off against Mojo again. They try yet another frontal attack but run flat into a blast from eye lasers as strong as their own. Now he picks up Bubbles and swings her like a baseball bat, knocking the other two girls across the lair and into the wall. They collapse to the floor, and Bubbles drops into view to land on her head. She tumbles onto her side.
Now the camera begins to shake as a low rumbling is heard. The girls snap out of their daze a moment before the section of the floor they are lying on shoots into the air. It crashes against the ceiling, and we see that Mojo has carried it up. He flies o.c.; the masonry crumbles away to show the girls embedded in the ceiling. They pull loose and float for a moment.
Buttercup says: "How are we gonna beat him?"
Bubbles says: "He’s got every power we got."
Blossom says: "Exactly."
Blossom says: "We know everything he can throw at us, so there’s no way he can surprise us."
Blossom says: "It’s just a matter of wearing him down."
Close-up of his brain cap; the girls’ reflections are visible in it, and they look very uneasy and fearful.
Mojo says: "You’ve forgotten one thing."
Mojo says: "My superior, better-than-average, more-than-usual, superior brainpower!"
On the end of this, a tri-colored beam of light shoots from the cap. Cut to a long shot of the girls and zoom in quickly.
A flash of light and the girls are knocked flying.
Girls says: "…THAT!!"
Cut to the Professor, lying dazed on the floor. The girls crash down in the background.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "Has this sibling rivalry come to an end?"
Mojo says: "YES!!"
Mojo says: "I have defeated the Powerpuff Girls!"
Mojo says: "The Powerpuff Girls are beaten, and it is by me that they are not victorious!"
Mojo says: "With my own two hands, I have defeated them!"
Pull back; we see his collection of evil toys again.
Mojo says: "All the gadgets and evil plots—"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "useless!"
He destroys part of the pile and catches a large missile that falls loose.
Mojo says: "Unnecessary!"
Mojo says: "Pointless!"
Cut to him in flight, smashing through several pieces of machinery as he goes.
Mojo says: "Not with mechanical machines—"
Mojo says: "—"
The missile obliterates a machine, and a large globe is propelled across the lair. Mojo catches this.
Mojo says: "…but with my own bare hands!"
Long shot of the Professor, still lying on the floor and now surrounded by bits of debris. Zoom in slowly to the sound of explosions, apparatus being smashed, and Mojo’s laughter. The camera shakes from time to time.
(By this time says: "a newly-mutated Jojo smashing a flask, jumping on a piece of broken equipment, warming his rear at a fire."
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: "a newly-mutated Jojo smashing a flask, jumping on a piece of broken equipment, warming his rear at a fire."
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: "a newly-mutated Jojo smashing a flask, jumping on a piece of broken equipment, warming his rear at a fire."
(By this time says: "The flames remain in the Professor’s eye as the camera pulls back—"
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: "The flames remain in the Professor’s eye as the camera pulls back—"
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: "The flames remain in the Professor’s eye as the camera pulls back—"
(By this time says: "his face is now set in anger."
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: "his face is now set in anger."
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: "his face is now set in anger."
(By this time says: "He sits up and addresses Mojo, who is holding a piece of equipment over his head."
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: "He sits up and addresses Mojo, who is holding a piece of equipment over his head."
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: "He sits up and addresses Mojo, who is holding a piece of equipment over his head."
(By this time says: "The sound of the Professor's voice brings Mojo's rampage to a halt as he now has a startled, shocked look on his face as the Professor speaks."
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: "The sound of the Professor's voice brings Mojo's rampage to a halt as he now has a startled, shocked look on his face as the Professor speaks."
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: "The sound of the Professor's voice brings Mojo's rampage to a halt as he now has a startled, shocked look on his face as the Professor speaks."
(By this time says: ")"
we are at an extreme close-up of the Professor’s eye. His words echo as he blinks says: ")"
reflections of scenes from the past appear says: ")"
Professor says: "Mojo Jojo?!"
Professor says: "!"
Professor says: "Now I remember you!"
Professor says: "You were the worst lab assistant I ever had!"
Professor says: "All you ever did was break everything you got your grimy little paws on!"
Cut to his perspective; as he continues, Mojo puts the machine behind his back and smiles nervously, trying to hide that he was still as destructive as he was before his mutation.
Professor says: "Oh, you haven’t changed one bit!"
Professor says: "As a matter of fact…it was that very day!"
(Flashback says: "once again we see him at his mixing bowl."
(Flashback says: ")"
Pull back; the monkey reaches into view and shoves the Professor.
Professor says: "…you pushed me!"
Professor says: "Which caused me to accidentally smash into a container of Chemical X."
On the end of this, the handle of his spoon breaks the flask and the contents spill into the pot.
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "the Powerpuff Girls being born!"
Pull back slightly. The girls gather behind him, fully recovered, and a dumbfounded Mojo watches.
Mojo says: "I’m responsible for their birth?"
Mojo says: "It was me who caused them to be?"
Cut to Buttercup at the controls; she throws the lever as the Professor watches.
Mojo says: "I triggered the events that led to their being on this earth?"
A red light marked “REMOVE POWERS” glows. As Mojo continues, cut to him, clamped onto his panel. The machinery revs up again.
Mojo says: "I’ve dedicated my life to destroying what I had a hand in creating."
Mojo says: "I created them."
Mojo says: "It’s all my fault."
The beam washes over the entire screen; when it clears; the girls have hold of the Professor and Mojo is still stunned.
Mojo says: "I did it."
Professor says: "Well, Mojo, keep in touch…son."
Blossom says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "…Dad!"
The background for the end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Yeah!"
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls—"
Mojo appears, his mind still blown.
Narrator says: "—"
Narrator says: "but thanks originally to Mojo Jojo!"