Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, and it's another pleasant day."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "and the buildings are filled with busy people."
As he continues, cut to a couple of window washers doing their thing, then another intersection.
Narrator says: "Busy people everywhere."
Narrator says: "Their busy, busy lives."
The train pulls out. Cut to inside one car, which is jammed full of riders.
Narrator says: "Lives packed with wonder and excitement."
Narrator says: "And today is no different."
Close-up of a man at a booth inside. He has his head buried in a newspaper and one hand grasping something that is just out of view.
Narrator says: "Why, take Mr."
Narrator says: "Businessman here."
Narrator says: "Will today be the day that he makes that deal of a lifetime?"
Narrator says: "Could be."
Pull back to frame the whole booth. The object the man is holding is a coffee mug, which a waitress is filling. She is reading a show-business publication and not minding her work. The coffee overflows onto the table. A hand is fishing around in the man's pants pocket.
Narrator says: "Or how about Ms."
Narrator says: "Starlet?"
Narrator says: "Will she find her lucky break on this glorious afternoon?"
Narrator says: "We can only hope."
Pan right to the man's side of the table and turn down slightly. The hand belongs to a raggedly-dressed fellow. The jingle of coins comes from inside the pocket, possibly a pickpocket trying to sneak some spare change while the businessman and waitress pay no notice.
Narrator says: "Will Mr."
Narrator says: "Down-on-His-Luck finally strike it rich?"
Narrator says: "Who knows?"
Cut to the sun and pull back to put it above the skyline.
Narrator says: "All I know is that each day brings new promise."
Narrator says: "The promise of a brighter tomorrow."
Narrator says: "And that, my friend, is what the citizens of Townsville desperately need."
Narrator says: "Day in, day out..."
Pan across the city and pass Mojo Jojo's observatory, to the sound of a monster screeching, as he continues.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "these poor folks deal with ever-present archvillains..."
By this point, the camera has stopped on the water tower, which has a larger version of the King Kong/largemouth bass creature from "Cover-Up" climbing it.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "giant monster attacks..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "and the constant, relentless destruction of their beloved, beleaguered home."
Upon impact, cut to the monster and tower lying amid the remains of a house. Next, we see a man at a street corner, wearing a sandwich board that bears the words "DARK DAYS AHEAD" - your basic end-of-the-world nut.
Narrator says: "It's enough to make a man lose faith in that brighter tomorrow."
Narrator says: "But not me."
Narrator says: "I'm not that faith-losin' man."
Narrator says: "I believe that brighter tomorrow is today."
Narrator says: "Right here, right now."
Narrator says: "I can feel it!"
Narrator says: "Today is gonna be special!"
During this line, turn up to the sky and follow a hot-air balloon as it rises from the city. It passes a jet on its way up and finally rises o.c., and a rainbow dissolves into view. On the next line, pull back to show it stretching over the skyline.
Narrator says: "Ain't no dark clouds gonna darken my doorstep."
Narrator says: "Noooo, not today!"
The rainbow fades away as a clap of thunder is heard. A large, dark cloud rises from the horizon. Now the Narrator starts to sound increasingly frantic, worried, and terrified with each successive line, having lost all happiness and joy that was in his voice earlier upon realizing he may have tempted fate one time too many.
Narrator says: "Wait!"
Narrator says: "What's this?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "blocking out the sun!"
At ground level, several people look up, stunned, as the shadow covers them.
Narrator says: "What doom looms over this peaceful city?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "What evil lurks in the sky above?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Under the sewer grating again. As the cloud passes overhead, the rest of the screen gradually blacks out to leave only the worker's eyes showing, looking out at the sky turning from day to night in seconds. Around him, the points of many other small eyes wink into view. His own start to appear very worried upon noticing them.
Narrator says: "What horrible, vile, heartless force descends upon us?!"
Narrator says: "!"
From here, cut to a street clogged with traffic as the shadow envelops the cars.
Narrator says: "What does it want?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Inside the diner again. The waitress, customer, and pickpocket all look up, alarmed, as the darkness reaches them. The last has successfully swiped a wad of bills.
Narrator says: "Why does it torture us so?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Cut to outside, the camera pointing up at the sky. The cloud passes into view here as well. On the next line, cut to the doomsayer at the corner, now smiling with his board now reading "TOLD YOU SO." The shadow expands to cover him.
Narrator says: "What has Townsville done to deserve this relentless barrage of doom and destruction?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Have we somehow angered a higher power?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Are we to be forever cursed?!"
Narrator says: "!"
The passengers on the train. Now they huddle fearfully in the dim light.
Narrator says: "Are we just a cosmic joke?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Oh, I'm so scared!"
Narrator says: "Hold me!"
Narrator says: "Hold me, oh, please!"
Rain begins to pour down on the streets as thunder starts to rumble again. The Narrator suddenly regains his composure and acts very nonchalant upon realizing his false alarm for getting so paranoid.
Narrator says: "Wait a minute."
Narrator says: "It's rain."
Narrator says: "Eh, it's only rain."
Narrator says: "A little rain never hurt anyone."
Narrator says: "Just a rainy day in Townsville."
Long shot of Townsville proper, pulling back to the suburbs. The cloud sits squarely above the city. The rest of the sky is still clear and blue. This makes the Narrator a little wary, concerned, and suspicious again upon noticing it.
Narrator says: "Strange that it's raining only in Townsville..."
The camera turns around from this view to stop on the girls' house, the sound of the storm fading away. The Professor's car rolls into view and pulls into the driveway. Cut to the living room, where the girls are watching TV, lying on the floor with their backs to us. The program shows a pink pony bounding happily across a meadow, the camera following it. After several seconds of this and a head-on shot of the girls - Buttercup watching with disgust, the others enjoying the show - cut to the front door. It swings open to admit the Professor, his arms loaded with groceries, and he steps in.
[Note says: "This character looks remarkably like the Pony Puff toys favored by Dee Dee and her friends on Dexter's Laboratory."
Professor says: "Howdy, girls!"
Professor says: "I'm back!"
Bubbles says: "No, Professor."
Buttercup says: "No crime."
Blossom says: "Need some help?"
Professor says: "No, thanks, I got it, girls."
Behind them again. The pony jumps a few more times. In the kitchen, the Professor is putting the groceries away. He raises his voice to make himself heard to the girls.
[Note says: "One of the items he puts up is a box of Mostess fruit pies - the snack plugged in the first issue of the Cartoon Network Starring comic series."
Professor says: "It started to rain in town."
Professor says: "Maybe criminals don't like getting wet."
Back to the kitchen, the Professor reaching up to put something away in the cupboard. The sound of a falling drop of water draws his attention toward his hand. Extreme close-up of his shirt cuff as a drop slides along it, but strangely starting and stopping every few inches or so.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "how odd."
Close-up of that hand as he lowers it to his side. The shirt and coat sleeves begin to disintegrate, starting at the wrist and working toward the shoulder. Pull back. He regards this with great surprise.
Professor says: "Oh, my!"
Head-on view of the girls again. They are still watching intently and not paying any mind to other matters. Behind them, he runs back and forth screaming, as his clothes continue to fall apart. Now he stands in a circular doorway, the sort that is used in photographic darkrooms to keep outside light from getting in and ruining the unexposed film. His garments crumbling from the shoulders down, he frantically punches buttons on an unseen keypad. Just before the decay can get below his waist, the doorway slides shut, hiding the rest of what was happening from viewers just in time - it is marked as an entrance to his lab.
Back to the TV, on which the program is still running exactly as it has, then to the girls.
Bubbles says: "This is my favorite show ever."
Blossom says: "Me too."
Buttercup says: "I hate pink!"
Bubbles says: "Shh, shh!"
Bubbles says: "This is my favorite part!"
Back to the TV. Now the pony is out of view and the camera has stopped. After a few seconds, it slowly peeks around the edge and then jumps back onto the screen, bounding along with the camera following. The girls again.
Bubbles says: "Wasn't that funny?"
The program shows a few more jumps, after which the screen fills with static and resolves into the lead-in to a special report. On the next line, cut to the girls. Blossom and Bubbles watch in shock from having their show interrupted, while Buttercup is now smiling - this is right up her alley.
Announcer says: "We interrupt this program to bring you this news flash!"
On screen, a reporter stands in the city, umbrella in one hand and microphone in the other.
Gabby Baloni says: "Gabby Baloni here in Townsville."
A shot of several buildings, which appear to be dissolving from the top down in the rain.
Gabby Baloni says: "..."
Gabby Baloni says: "and there's no sign as to why."
Pan away from her to another patch of street. A panicked crowd runs across the screen as the buildings continue to crumble.
Gabby Baloni says: "The city's in a panic as the Townsville skyline mysteriously washes away in the rain."
On the end of this line, cut back to the girls, who are now watching in shock. We hear Gabby's voice from the TV. Now we see her on-screen again with a cameraman, whose equipment begins to melt away just like the buildings were doing.
Gabby Baloni says: "This is Gabby Baloni, reporting from downtown—"
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Back and forth between the girls and the Professor. They are heading toward each other.
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Girls says: "PROFESSOR!"
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
The girls all talk frantically at once for several seconds, then come out of it by saying...
Girls says: "And everybody’s panicking, and the city's eroding!"
Professor says: "Yes, I know."
Professor says: "And I may know why."
Snap to black. A yellow circle slides into view and centers itself. A raindrop is seen at the center of it.
Professor says: "This is a raindrop under normal magnification."
The circle slides away, and another replaces it. Now the drop appears larger, with a small insect-like image within it.
Professor says: "This is at 100x magnification."
Another slide. Now the entire field is blue, and the creature can be clearly seen. It looks something like a squid, with a transparent outer covering on its body and long claws on the ends of its tentacles.
Professor says: "At a 1,000x magnification."
Cut to the girls, looking into a microscope in the lab - what we have just seen is their perspective of the specimen.
Blossom says: "What is it, Professor?"
The magnified view again. As he continues, it zooms in once more. Now we can see circuitry and electronic components in the creature's body.
Quick pan to a blackboard in the lab. Writing on it emphasizes the salient points of his next comments, and he reaches into view with a pointer.
Pull back. He stands by the board, and the girls sit at desks before it. He is back in his usual outfit.
Professor says: "and bot, which, well, is short for robot."
Quick pan to a bank of computers and turn down toward their base.
Professor says: "We'll know in seconds."
The console beeps a few times, and a strip of paper emerges from a slot. The Professor reaches into view and tears it off. Cut to him studying it, with the girls hovering nearby.
Blossom says: "Is it bad, Professor?"
Professor says: "They're multiplying."
Quick pan to another piece of equipment. He reaches into view to press several buttons and pull a handle. Now a pair of long rubber gloves are seen in a yellow-tinted view. They are attached to a wall. This is the type of setup used to allow workers to handle dangerous substances contained in a protective enclosure without directly exposing themselves. We are presently inside such an enclosure. The gloves stretch out - hands are being put into them from outside - and reach forward to grasp two control levers. Cut to him outside the glove box, with his arms protruding into the gloves. He looks in through a long window, and robotic arms are attached to the inside walls.
Professor says: "The experiment is simple."
As he says this, pan away from him to a floor hatch in the middle of the glove box. It opens and a container is raised into view by a robotic arm.
Professor says: "in a non-carbon environment."
Outside again. He tilts his head up, and they do likewise.
Cut to behind them, the camera tilted up slightly. What they are looking at is a viewscreen, with the squid-like nanobot in view and motionless. Above it is the message "NANO-1"; below, "1000x.".
Professor says: "notice the nanobot does nothing."
Inside, the top of the container is unscrewed by one arm. We see Professor Utonium manipulating the levers intently. A second arm now moves into position, holding a small dark cube. He presses the button on one lever, and the cube is dropped in and the lid replaced. Back to the view screen. Now the nanobot moves out of view. A moment later, two of them march across, and the top readout changes to "NANO-2." Next, a dense swarm of them makes its way into view, the number increasing rapidly to keep track of the count.
Back to inside the glove box. Now the cube appears to meltdown as did the buildings.
Professor says: "My hypothesis is correct."
Professor says: "they will soon destroy civilization as we know it."
Dramatic tune to signify his concern. The sound of the girls taking off and crashing through the ceiling draws his attention shortly thereafter. He calls after them.
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Professor says: "GIRLS, COME BACK!"
Professor says: "YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!"
Long overhead shot of the house. The girls are flying away, ready for action.
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
Cut to a group of buildings in the city. One after another crumbles away in the rain. People run along the sidewalks in a panic as cars and trucks disintegrate as well. A man's footsteps in a puddle, his shoe instantly beginning to decay. Pull back as his suit does likewise. He runs o.c. just before the nanobots leave him completely naked.
Driver's-seat view of the city, approaching it from a distance. After a moment, the girls pull into view and charge ahead. One by one, they land in a street whose buildings have already been ravaged.
Bubbles says: "I don't see any nanobots."
Buttercup says: "They're in the raindrops, stupid."
Bubbles says: "I know that!"
Blossom says: "How do we fight rain?"
Extreme close-up of a puddle. One foot splashes down into it. Pull back to show Blossom and Bubbles stomping the water.
Bubbles says: "Hee, hee!"
Bubbles says: "Whee!"
Blossom says: "What are you doing?"
(Camera shift says: "she is looking at Buttercup in midair."
(Camera shift says: "The latter strikes in all directions during the following exchange."
(Camera shift says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Destroying nanobots!"
Blossom says: "A drop at a time?"
Buttercup says: "I don't see any other way how."
Buttercup says: "Unh!"
Buttercup says: "Uhh!"
Buttercup says: "Hua!"
She throws a few more punches, after which the camera cuts to just outside the front door of the house. It is closed but opens to reveal the Professor inside. The weather here is still fine, though the sound of water running off something is heard.
Professor says: "Girls!"
Pull back. They float in front of him, their backs to the camera, dripping wet with their clothes gone, the nanobots having stripped them of their clothes like the Professor and other victims before them. Bubbles and Buttercup each have an arm behind their backs to cover themselves. Blossom's long hair does the job for her. The Professor holds the door open with one hand.
Professor says: "Oh, my goodness."
Cut to just behind him, on the side of the arm he is using to hold the door. It blocks a direct front view of the girls, but we can see that Blossom and Buttercup each have an arm held in front to cover up. Bubbles' free arm is hidden by the Professor's shoulder. All three are feeling very humiliated at being a little indecent and being unable to stop the nanobots.
Blossom says: "We failed, Professor."
Bubbles says: "And our clothes melted."
Professor says: "Girls, I've got an idea."
Quick pan to a large apparatus in the lab. This consists of four large emitters pointed at a circular platform, with a dome suspended above it.
Professor says: "The Micro-Stabilizer!"
Cut to him in the lab. As he speaks, turn down to the girls next to him. They have dressed again in fresh clothes.
Professor says: "It's just a prototype, but it should do the job."
Blossom says: "You want to shrink us?"
Professor says: "Shrinking you down to a molecular size is the only way to fight these creatures."
Blossom says: "What do you say, girls?"
Bubbles says: "Sounds like fun!"
Buttercup says: "Whatever it takes to fight bad guys."
Blossom says: "Then let's do it!"
Gauges and lights spring to life, liquid bubbles in a huge tank, and the Professor works feverishly at a control panel. He now wears protective goggles, and the girls each pull a pair of their own over their eyes. Yellowish light from the apparatus plays over all four of them. Pull back from the girls. They are standing on the platform.
Girls says: "Ready, Professor!"
He pushes a handle forward, and the machinery kicks into a higher gear. The emitters start to charge up as the dome lowers over the girls. Once it is in place, clamps flip up one at a time to secure it. The sequence is seen several times, ending with a shot from just inside one opening. The clamp's closing blacks out the screen entirely. From here, snap to the Professor, who reaches across the panel and presses one final button. The emitters continue to charge for several more seconds, ending with a flash of white light and a popping sound, not unlike that of a flashbulb going off. Now the equipment falls silent.
The clamps release' first seen all at once from a distance, then one by one in close-up, then again all at once. Close-up of the dome as it is lifted away. A cloud of yellow-green smoke pours out and evaporates to reveal the girls.
Blossom says: "To Townsville, girls!"
Blossom says: "Let's kick some nano-butt!"
They take off, shedding their goggles. Cut to them in flight - the yellowish light is now gone from the scene - then pull back to show them flying across the lab at the level of the Professor's ankle. It takes them several seconds to go from the toe of his shoe to its heel - they are hundreds of times smaller than normal.
Pull back to frame the whole of the Professor. He is watching them go.
Professor says: "GIRLS, STOP!"
Close-up of them. Shock waves wash across the view, throwing them down o.c. He keeps his voice up until further notice.
Blossom says: "What was that?"
Bubbles says: "MY EARS ARE RINGING!"
Pull back somewhat. They are on the floor in front of one foot.
Professor says: "You're too..."
Blossom says: "PROFESSOR, YOU'RE TOO LOUD!"
Bubbles says: "Too loud!"
Professor says: "WHAT?"
Professor says: "What?"
Blossom says: "TOO LOUD!"
Professor says: "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!"
On the end of this, back to the girls' level, putting him o.c. His voice booms out as they scream in pain. Back to him, hand cupped to ear.
Professor says: "WHAT WAS THAT?"
The girls scream, their voices sounding very squeaky at this length scale. The Professor continues in a whisper throughout the following.
Professor says: "Oh, golly!"
Professor says: "The sound waves of my voice must be booming to their tiny ears!"
Blossom says: "PROFESSOR!"
Blossom says: "CAN YOU HEAR ME?"
Professor says: "Yes, Blossom, I can."
Professor says: "Listen."
Blossom says: "OKAY!"
Blossom says: "BUT YOU'VE GOT TO HURRY, PROFESSOR!"
Quick pan to a jar with several holes punched in its lid. Everyone returns to normal volume.
Professor says: "Here it is."
Professor says: "My perfectly designed transport carrier solution!"
Pull back. It sits before him on a counter, with the girls nearby, and he picks it up.
Professor says: "It's got vents to allow oxygen to circulate..."
Buttercup says: "Professor, isn't that just a jar with holes in the lid?"
Professor says: "Well, I suppose it may look similar."
Quick pan to the front seat of the car. The Professor opens the passenger-side door and sets the jar, which now contains the girls, on the cushions. Next, he fastens the seat belt across it. Close-up of the jar as we hear the driver's-side door open.
Professor says: "Hang on, girls."
(Cut to the driveway says: ""PWRPROF."
the camera pointing at the closed garage door. It rolls up says: ""PWRPROF."
he starts the car says: ""PWRPROF."
roars off. License plate says: ""PWRPROF."
(Cut to the driveway says: "" In the city, pandemonium still reigns and buildings continue to disintegrate in the storm."
the camera pointing at the closed garage door. It rolls up says: "" In the city, pandemonium still reigns and buildings continue to disintegrate in the storm."
he starts the car says: "" In the city, pandemonium still reigns and buildings continue to disintegrate in the storm."
roars off. License plate says: "" In the city, pandemonium still reigns and buildings continue to disintegrate in the storm."
(Cut to the driveway says: "Back to the front seat, panning from the Professor to the girls on the next line."
the camera pointing at the closed garage door. It rolls up says: "Back to the front seat, panning from the Professor to the girls on the next line."
he starts the car says: "Back to the front seat, panning from the Professor to the girls on the next line."
roars off. License plate says: "Back to the front seat, panning from the Professor to the girls on the next line."
(Cut to the driveway says: ")"
the camera pointing at the closed garage door. It rolls up says: ")"
he starts the car says: ")"
roars off. License plate says: ")"
Professor says: "We're almost there, girls."
They brace for a scrap, pressing up against the glass. Cut to outside as the car speeds away through the streets of Townsville. The rain starts to come down harder, and the windows and bodywork erode as the vehicle roars o.c. Quick pan to another group of crumbling structures, turning down from upper stories to ground level. Vehicles at the curb are disassembled one by one now.
Back to the street. The front seat of the car slides into view. It and the steering wheel in his hands are the only parts of the vehicle to survive the trip. After he skids to a stop, these collapse into a puddle as well.
Professor says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Townsville Hall quickly crumbles away. Back to the Professor, running like a footballer on his way to the end zone.
Professor says: "Hold on, girls!"
Professor says: "I have to find a safe spot to set you..."
He catches his foot on the edge of a pothole and pitches forward, the jar squirting out of his grasp. It and he falls in slow motion.
Professor says: "NOOOOOOOOO!"
The jar shatters on the ground, and the girls tumble across the pavement. Close-up of Blossom as she rolls to a stop. She looks a bit dazed for the experience, but her eyes quickly pop open.
Blossom says: "Oh, boy."
Pull back. All three stand, ready for a bust-up. Cut to behind them - now we see that they are facing an army of nanobots. Behind the adversaries, individual atoms and molecules can be seen, emphasizing how small the girls have become. These details will be visible in later small-scale shots as well.
The girls' eyes dart to one side, where several of the enemies advance a step or two. Looking the other way, they see another group start to close in. As the girls watch, the nanobots move even closer, completely surrounding them. An overhead shot illustrates just how badly outnumbered the three are. Snap to black.
Part Two.