Narrator says: "The city of Townsville..."
Narrator says: "is once again under siege by..."
Cut to a street filled with people running scared; a laser blast strikes one of the buildings.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "Mojo Jojo!"
We see several unicycle-mounted robots sporting the basic elements of Mojo's outfit and firing lasers from the pincers on the end of their arms.
Narrator says: "This time with the help of his robot army!"
Buttercup says: "We can't get close enough to them!"
Bubbles says: "And there's too many of them!"
Buttercup says: "Come on, genius, what do we do now?"
Cut to Blossom. She thinks for a moment, seeing two robots approaching an intersection from different directions. Back to her; her eyes show that she has hit on something.
Buttercup says: "Come on, Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "We're wasting time!"
Blossom says: "Wait here!"
She zips down and stops in front of one of the robots.
Blossom says: "Okay!"
Blossom says: "It's just you and me!"
Blossom says: "Let's see what you've got!"
She blows a raspberry at the robot. It raises its arms and fires a laser blast, which she dodges by swinging around to the rear. The screen fills with smoke when the beam hits; this clears to reveal that the Museum of Fine Arts has taken heavy damage as a result. A shocked gasp rises from o.c. onlookers at ground level. Blossom does likewise.
Blossom says: "Oh, my gosh!"
She sidesteps another shot, which connects with the opera house and trashes its dome. Another collective gasp.
Blossom says: "What's happening?"
Another laser blast, another dodge; this time, the 96-cent Store gets wiped out. The o.c. crowd voices its displeasure most loudly now.
Buttercup says: "What's wrong with Blossom?"
Buttercup says: "No "maybe"s about it!"
Bubbles says: "But..."
Yelling, Buttercup reaches ground level and stops at an intersection to face one robot. A second one rolls into view behind her; she bails out as the first fires its laser, which misses her and blows up the second. Now she does a quick pass near another robot, which shoots at her and gets an attacker instead. Next, she stops in the middle of the street, with two robots approaching from opposite directions. She holds her ground until the instant they both fire on her position; the screen fills with a pair of explosions, then clears to show her sisters amid a pile of wreckage. Blossom is absolutely crushed at the devastation that occurred during her charge, but Bubbles is looking off into the sky. The crowd is talking excitedly.
Bubbles says: "Look!"
Bubbles says: "There's Buttercup!"
Buttercup says: "What's going on?"
Bubbles says: "You did it!"
Bubbles says: "You stopped 'em!"
Buttercup says: "I did?"
Buttercup says: "I did it!"
Buttercup says: "I did it!"
She continues in this vein as the camera pans away from her and Bubbles to stop on Blossom, who turns away from the celebration to stare morosely into the sparking debris. Her hair bow seems to sag dejectedly under its own weight. A lens on a long metal stalk protrudes from the mess and points at her; this focuses itself as the crackling stops.
Cut to a long shot of the observatory and zoom in slowly.
Mojo says: "Aha!"
Dissolve to him at a panel of monitors inside and pull back. One of them shows Blossom sitting in the wreckage before the image disintegrates into static; he turns away from the panel. This has been a transmission from the robot whose camera eye we saw a moment ago.
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, her ponytail is completely straight, not curled at the end as usual."
Mojo says: "There is a weakness!"
He smiles wickedly. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the house during the evening.
Buttercup says: "And remember then, Blossom didn't know what to do, and then..."
Cut to her in the bedroom; she is reenacting the day's events.
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "I came diving in..."
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "and then, a-and then ZOOM, and then WHAMMO, and then POW!"
On the end of this, pull back to frame all three girls. Bubbles is on the floor, building a tower of blocks and looking a bit irritated at the distraction, while Blossom sits at the head of the bed and looks as if she is trying to wish herself away. A doll is near her. Buttercup has been doing her thing while standing on the foot of the bed.
Bubbles says: "All right already!"
Bubbles says: "We get the picture!"
Bubbles says: "We were there, remember?"
Buttercup says: "You're just jealous!"
Bubbles says: "I am not!"
Bubbles says: "Just because Blossom blew it doesn't mean I would!"
Buttercup says: "Uh-huh!"
Bubbles says: "Uh-uh!"
Buttercup says: "Uh-huh!"
Bubbles says: "Uh-uh!"
Buttercup says: "Uh-huh!"
Bubbles says: "Uh-UH!"
She hits Buttercup with a flying tackle; both go sailing across the room and o.c. right. The sounds of their fighting are heard as the camera shakes briefly and zooms in on Blossom, who talks to the doll.
Blossom says: "It was an accident."
Blossom says: "It was a good plan."
Blossom says: "Really."
The doll's head falls off, sending her a little lower into the dumps. Wipe to the tower, which Bubbles and Buttercup are both working on now - it has grown considerably thanks to their combined efforts. Pull back to show Blossom sitting across the room and not watching them.
Bubbles says: "Hey, Blossom, want to put the last block on top?"
Blossom says: "Yeah!"
She zips across, grabs a block out of Bubbles' hands, and flies to the pinnacle.
Blossom says: "You bet!"
As soon as she puts it in place, though, the structure crumbles to the ground, crushing her mood yet more. Bubbles surveys the rubble with concern, Buttercup with anger.
Bubbles says: "Oh, my."
Cut to a dartboard on the wall. Three darts sail into view and hit the bullseye. Buttercup floats over and retrieves them, passing Bubbles as she goes. The camera follows her.
Bubbles says: "Come on, Blossom."
Bubbles says: "You can beat Buttercup."
Buttercup says: "No, she can't."
Buttercup says: "Not anymore!"
As Blossom takes aim, Buttercup hovers behind her and does the old "booga-booga" bit to put a hex on her. Finally, she lets fly, one by one.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles?"
Cut to Blossom, trudging slowly across the room. She reaches the Professor.
Professor says: "Why, Blossom."
Professor says: "Why the long face?"
Blossom says: "I've turned into a jinx."
Blossom says: "I'm no good anymore."
Professor says: "Would you like to pour us some?"
Blossom says: "I can do that!"
Cut to a small table in the kitchen. Blossom is in one of the two chairs, perched on a booster seat and holding a teapot. A cup sits on the table in front of the Professor, who is still standing.
Professor says: "Now be careful, Blossom, that's scalding hot."
Blossom says: "I can't mess this up!"
Murphy's Law immediately asserts itself, in the form of the teapot's handle breaking. Its contents start to pour into the Professor's lap - and judging from the contorted expression on his face, they hit in the one place every adult male tries to protect from trauma. His next two lines sound exactly as you would expect them to if the speaker had just suffered this type of injury.
Blossom says: "Uh-oh."
Blossom says: "Nooo!"
Blossom says: "Oh, Professor..."
Professor says: "Excuse me, Blossom."
Blossom says: "I'm so sorry!"
Professor says: "Oh, you - you did your best."
She hangs her head - if her spirits could go any lower, they would come out in China. Now she walks sadly toward the front door.
Blossom says: "I just cause nothing but problems."
Blossom says: "I guess I'm not needed here anymore."
Outside, she tapes a note to the door and floats away. A moment later, Mojo reaches into view and attaches a note of his own; the doorbell rings, and his silhouette steals away. As he goes, we can see Blossom making her way toward the city proper, a bundle slung over her shoulder.
The Professor answers the door and sees her note first.
Professor says: "Oh!"
Professor says: "A note!"
Professor says: ""Love, Blossom."
Professor says: "" Oh, no!"
Professor says: "What's this?"
[Errors says: "Blossom's note starts with "Dear Professor" and uses "I am" instead of "I'm."
His perspective of this note, which uses printed letters, and not very neat ones at that. The camera turns down slowly to take in the entire document as it is read.
Mojo says: ""Professor: Please disregard first note."
Mojo says: "I have Blossom."
Mojo says: "Come alone to my lair."
Mojo says: "Do not bring Buttercup or Bubbles."
Mojo says: "You must come without them!"
Mojo says: "When you arrive, you must not be accompanied by anyone, especially Buttercup and Bubbles; they are to remain uninformed by you by not telling them anything."
Mojo says: "Remember, Mojo know you no fool, so come alone without Buttercup or Bubbles, by yourself, with no one with you, alone, yourself."
Mojo says: "Mojo."
[Error says: "The note says "Do not bring Buttercup and Bubbles."
Back to the Professor, who has been struck dumb by this message. Fade to black.
Snap to a close-up of the buzzing hotline in the bedroom. Bubbles answers it.
Bubbles says: "Hel -  Ow!"
Buttercup has struck the receiver from her hands and taken it for herself.
Buttercup says: "I'm the leader now; I answer the hotline!"
Buttercup says: "Powerpuff hotline."
There is silence for several seconds, during which Bubbles looks away disgustedly. Finally, her sister glares at the unresponsive receiver.
Buttercup says: "What is wrong with this stupid thing?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Bubbles says: "You're holding it upside down, dum-dum-head!"
The dum-dum-head in question looks at the receiver for a moment.
Buttercup says: "Hello?"
Professor says: "Bubbles, Buttercup, or whichever of the two remaining Powerpuff Girls has answered the hotline, listen closely."
Cut to a close-up of the Professor. Mojo is holding a cell phone to the man's ear - it is white and bears the hotline's happy face. As he continues in the wooden tone, pull back to show them in the observatory. The Professor is tied up and reading from a script held before him by Mojo.
Professor says: "Pay attention; concentrate intently on the words coming from my mouth."
Professor says: "I, the Professor..."
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "am being held prisoner."
Professor says: "I am being kept against my will in a location not of my choosing."
Professor says: "If you desire my safe return, you must..."
Back to the observatory; he addresses Mojo now.
Professor says: "Oh, excuse me, could you please move your finger?"
Mojo says: "Sorry."
Buttercup says: "I think we're supposed to go to Mojo's and save the Professor."
Bubbles says: "Again?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Cut to a fast-food joint, Hot Dog on a Skewer, and zoom in. Through the window, we can see a familiar little silhouette. Close-up of Blossom at the counter inside; she wears a red, yellow, and green shirt with a nametag, and what can be seen of her cap matches this color scheme - she is on the job here. Remarkably, she is actually smiling at her new frankfurter-slinging lot in life.
Man 1 says: "Why thank you."
Blossom says: "I'm happy to be of service."
Man 1 says: "Hey."
Pull back a bit. The man is still not in view, but her cap is, about the size of a ten-gallon hat, with her bow stuck on top. Now her face falls.
Man 1 says: "You forgot the ketchup."
Blossom says: "Sorry."
Man 2 says: "MUSTARD, ONIONS, KRUAT..."
Close-up of Blossom; he shoves a hot dog into view. It drips with condiments but has no bun.
Man 2 says: "WHAT KIND OF LOUSY SERVICE IS THIS!"
Man 2 says: "?"
Blossom says: "Sir, wait!"
Now a mother drags her young son by the arm up to the counter. The lad is voicing his discontent quite loudly, and the woman is rather put out as well.
Mother says: "Little girl, my son has been waiting for a hot dog for fifteen minutes!"
Blossom says: "I'm sorry, ma'am."
Blossom says: "I'll get right on that."
Mother says: "Don't bother!"
Blossom says: "THAT'S IT!!"
Blossom says: "I can't even make a decent hot..."
When the mustard hits the floor, it squirts her in the face. Her fury evaporates into weary defeat.
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "dog."
Blossom says: "Hot Dog on a Skewer, can I help you?"
Blossom says: "Mojo!"
Mojo says: "That's right!"
Mojo says: "I have your family."
Mojo says: "They are my captives."
Mojo says: "They are not here of their own volition."
Cut to him at a desk in the observatory; he is using a telephone headset.
Mojo says: "If you want to ensure their safety, you must hurry, make haste, come quickly, transport yourself rapidly to my observatory!"
Mojo says: "And, Blossom..."
Blossom says: "I sure hope I don't screw this up."
Cut to inside the observatory. Blossom crashes in, her fast-food outfit gone and a pair of franks in hand, and lands facing Buttercup. Bubbles is behind her, placed so that all three are in line.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Bubbles says: "Thank goodness!"
Buttercup says: "Am I glad to see you!"
Blossom says: "Don't joke with me, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "I know you think I'm a jinx."
Buttercup says: "No, I've learned a lesson."
Bubbles says: "Me too."
Blossom says: "Really?"
Buttercup says: "We need to stick together."
Bubbles says: "Especially now!"
Blossom says: "All right."
Blossom says: "If you say so."
Blossom says: "Let's get to work!"
Blossom says: "Where's Mojo?"
A floodlight's beam falls on them from above; Blossom looks up towards its source, surprised.
Buttercup says: "We were getting to that."
Mojo says: "Welcome."
Cut to behind Blossom. Mojo is on a wall ledge at a distance in front of her, sitting in a chair on a platform within a glass booth. The floodlight is above this; his voice remains amplified until otherwise noted.
Mojo says: "So nice of you to join us."
Mojo says: "I'm starving!"
The hot dogs are flung into view and splatter against the glass.
Mojo says: "I'm not paying for those!"
Blossom says: "Let's go!"
Buttercup says: "We can't."
Blossom says: "What are you talking about?"
Blossom says: "We've beat Mojo before."
Blossom says: "We always beat Mojo!"
Bubbles says: "No."
Bubbles says: "She means, we can't move."
Mojo says: "Let me explain."
He throws the lever. The floor begins to shake and pull away in sections; Buttercup and Bubbles find themselves stranded on small, floating circular platforms. Blossom, near the center of the floor, gasps as she is left standing on a narrow catwalk with a large circular area at its end behind her. The catwalk runs between her sisters' perches. Red light pours up from below, and in an overhead shot, we see the source; the lava within the volcano on which the observatory stands. A network of levers connects the two free-floating platforms to a cylindrical enclosure that is mounted vertically beneath Blossom's end of the catwalk. She gets ready to charge.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "No!"
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Why?"
The end of the catwalk opens, and she looks down to find the Professor standing on a small platform of his own within the enclosure. The levers are connected to this. He is bound and gagged, and the bottom end of the enclosure is open - if he falls, he will die instantly in the lava.
Blossom says: "Professor!"
He squirms and protests as best he can - not too well, that is, given the situation. Steam rises from the boiling rock below the four of them.
Buttercup says: "That's why we can't move..."
Buttercup says: "well, we can't move off these pads, anyway."
Blossom says: "Well, I'm not on a pad."
Blossom says: "I can do it!"
Mojo says: "You see, just as in life, everything is in a delicate balance."
[Animation goof says: "During Blossom's line, one shot shows the Professor with his gag gone."
Cut to Buttercup at the end of this. As he continues, cut to Blossom and Bubbles, then to below floor level to show just how desperate the situation really is.
Mojo says: "..."
Mojo says: "a light touch will also send the Professor tumbling to..."
Mojo says: "well, you get the picture."
Blossom says: "I can beat you to that button!"
Mojo says: "Are you prepared to take that risk?"
Back to her. She mulls this over for a tense moment, then hangs her head.
Blossom says: "What do you want?"
Mojo says: "..."
Mojo says: "you will pledge your allegiance and devotion to serve me!"
Blossom says: "How do you know I won't lie?"
Mojo says: "Because you're Blossom."
Blossom says: "Shoot!"
Bubbles says: "Don't do it, Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Come on, Blossom, you can think of something!"
Blossom says: "Think of something..."
The camera rotates away from her to point toward Mojo - the process picking out a long, metal panel in the catwalk that stretches from her to underneath Mojo's seat - then cuts to a close-up of him.
Mojo says: "The decision is yours."
Blossom says: "I have no choice."
Buttercup says: "Blossom!"
Bubbles says: "Oh, no!"
Mojo says: "Yes!"
Blossom stands with her head bowed and her knees about to bend - and then stomps her end of the catwalk as hard as she can. It turns on a central pivot and launches Mojo out of his chair like a catapult. The Professor slips from his platform and tumbles to...well, you get the picture.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, the Professor!"
Buttercup dives from her perch and makes her catch just in time.
Blossom says: "Bubbles, Mojo!"
Bubbles flies up from hers and rushes at the plummeting Mojo, only to miss her grab.
Bubbles says: "I missed!"
Mojo grabs hold of the low end of the catwalk and hangs on by his fingertips.
Blossom says: "Bubbles, help Buttercup!"
The once and future boss charges in as Mojo loses his grip and hurtles into the volcano's crater. He is plucked from the air and then subjected to the usual three-course thrashing, all of which is delivered by said boss. It ends with him landing in a semi-conscious heap within a prison cell.
Dissolve to the exterior of Hot Dog on a Skewer and zoom in. The family can be seen through the window, enjoying a meal.
Bubbles says: "That was some fast thinking, Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "That was awesome, Blossom!"
Blossom says: "Why thank you."
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "WHERE'S THE KETCHUP?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "?!"
Blossom says: "!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Don't be a wiener, Blossom."
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved - thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Hot dog!"