Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "A special city on an especially special day..."
Narrator says: ".."
Narrator says: "where nothing special is..."
Narrator says: "wha?"
Narrator says: "Not another giant flaming squirrel!"
On the end of this line, pan/turn down quickly to the beast in question stomping around a corner. Its beady red eyes sit above a huge mouth with a chipped front tooth, and it is wreathed in smoke and green flames. It screeches and smashes a building; cut to several screaming, fleeing townspeople. They run to safety just before the squirrel crushes a parked car underfoot.
Back to the creature, which lets off a long screech and knocks over two more buildings. Pull back to put it in the distance and the girls in the foreground, their backs to the camera.
[Possible animation goof says: "Bubbles' dress appears to match Blossom's, though this might be partially due to the glare of the squirrel's flames."
Blossom says: "All right, girls, let's get to work."
Blossom says: "He's going for the water tank!"
Buttercup says: "I'm on it!"
The creature tears the tank from the roof and promptly has it zipped away by Buttercup. This does not sit well with the assailant and leads to a fresh yowl of anger. The tank is set down safely, but upside down, on another rooftop.
Buttercup says: "Betcha didn't like that!"
The squirrel, meanwhile, pounds another building as more people run in terror.
Squirrel says: "Caliente fuego!"
Squirrel says: "Muy caliente fuego!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles, he's speaking Spanish!"
Blossom says: "See if you can translate."
Bubbles says: "No problema!"
(The squirrel has said says: ""No problem!"
"Hot fire! Very hot fire!" Bubbles' words says: ""No problem!"
(The squirrel has said says: "" She zips away and stops behind the squirrel's head."
"Hot fire! Very hot fire!" Bubbles' words says: "" She zips away and stops behind the squirrel's head."
(The squirrel has said says: "On the next line, it turns to face her."
"Hot fire! Very hot fire!" Bubbles' words says: "On the next line, it turns to face her."
(The squirrel has said says: ")"
"Hot fire! Very hot fire!" Bubbles' words says: ")"
Squirrel says: "FUEGO!"
Squirrel says: "CALIENTE!"
Bubbles says: "Uh..."
Bubbles says: "hable despacio, por favor."
The only answer she gets is a swipe of the paw, which she ducks.
Bubbles says: "I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that."
The monster runs down the street, screaming in pain - it has been trying to get some relief from the fire licking at its body.
Squirrel says: "Ay, papi, caliente!"
Bubbles says: "Slow down, por favor!"
(The last line says: ""Oh, daddy, hot!"
(The last line says: "Burning hot fire!"
The squirrel continues to run wild; more people scatter before it, and a crying baby wanders into its path. Blossom gasps in shock and charges down, plucking the child away just in time. She carries it to a group of onlookers and deposits it in a woman's arms before taking off again.
Woman says: "This isn't my baby!"
Squirrel says: "AYUDA!"
Bubbles says: "Wait!"
Bubbles says: "I got that one!"
Bubbles says: "It means "Help!"
Squirrel says: "SACAME!"
Bubbles says: ""Put me..."
Squirrel says: "SOY POR EL..."
Bubbles says: ""..."
Bubbles says: "out."
Bubbles says: "I'm on..."
Squirrel says: "..."
Squirrel says: "FUEGO!"
Bubbles says: ""..."
Bubbles says: "fire."
Bubbles says: ""Help."
Bubbles says: "Put me out."
Bubbles says: "I'm on fire."
[Error says: ""Sacame."
[Error says: "Soy por el fuego" is a very bad translation from English to Spanish."
[Error says: ""Apáguenme."
[Error says: "Estoy en llamas."
[Error says: "" would be the correct Spanish for "Put me out."
[Error says: "I'm on fire."
The whole thing finally sinks in for Bubbles. She gasps as her sisters land near her.
Bubbles says: "Wait!"
Bubbles says: "I know what he's saying!"
Blossom says: "What is it?"
Buttercup says: "What is it?"
Bubbles says: ""Help!"
Bubbles says: "Put me out!"
Bubbles says: "I'm on fire!"
Squirrel says: "Sí, sí, sí!"
Blossom says: "Ohhhh!"
Buttercup says: "Ohhhh!"
Bubbles says: "What do we do?"
Blossom says: "I'll handle this!"
She charges at the squirrel and lets out a lungful of her ice breath, darting around to direct it over all parts of the creature's body. In seconds the entire intersection is hidden by the frosty clouds; when Blossom backs off, they clear away to reveal that the green flames have been extinguished. It takes the squirrel a few moments to realize this, at which point it breaks into a huge smile and laughs exuberantly.
Squirrel says: "Gracias, Bubbles, por su fuerza especial de lengua, y Blossom, por su fuerza especial de aliento de hielo."
Squirrel says: "Soy salvado."
Bubbles says: "He says, "Thank you, Bubbles, for your special power of language, and Blossom, for your special power of ice breath."
[Error says: ""Soy salvado" is also in poor Spanish."
[Error says: "It should be "Estoy salvado."
(Translation of its last words says: ""I am saved."
(Translation of its last words says: "" Buttercup, floating at a distance behind her sisters, lets her face betray that she feels a bit left out here."
(Translation of its last words says: ")"
Squirrel says: "Y Buttercup."
Squirrel says: "Gracias por..."
Squirrel says: "um..."
Squirrel says: "estar aquí?"
Bubbles says: "He says, "Thanks, Buttercup, for..."
Bubbles says: "uh..."
Bubbles says: "being there?"
[Error says: ""Aquí" means "here," not "there."
This wounds her deeply - the power hitter of the team having played no useful role in saving the day - and she hangs her head dejectedly. The squirrel waves goodbye to the townspeople.
Squirrel says: "ADIÓS, AMIGOS!"
Blossom says: "All right, girls!"
Blossom says: "A job well done..."
Blossom says: "no pun intended."
The crowd breaks into a chant of "Blossom! Bubbles!" that really gets Buttercup fuming. Cut to her sisters; on the next lines, she comes up behind them.
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "Let's go home and make tacos."
Bad news. This next scene is where we see Buttercup close up, with her front facing the screen. She is extremely frustrated. She then yells at the screen.
Buttercup says: "NOOOOO!"
Bubbles says: "But I like tacos."
Buttercup says: "You guys with your special powers of ice breath and south-of-the-border rodent speech."
Buttercup says: "Well, I want to know what my special power is, and we're not leaving until I find out what it is!"
Blossom says: "But, Buttercup, you do that..."
Blossom says: "thing."
This comes nowhere close to settling the issue. Buttercup scowls with her arms folded.
Blossom says: "Wait..."
Blossom says: "you're right."
Blossom says: "You don't have a special power, do you?"
Buttercup says: "Well, we're about to find out."
Buttercup says: "Now let me think."
Buttercup says: "Hmm..."
She starts rubbing her chin in deep thought; pull back to a long shot of the three. Buttercup is at screen left, Blossom and Bubbles at the right. After several seconds, back to Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "Aha!"
She flies in a tight circle, creating a tornado as she did at in "Down n' Dirty" to suck up the smog monster. Her sisters start to watch, puzzled, as bits of paper and debris are sucked past them. Buttercup descends to ground level, where cars and trucks are pulled into the vortex. Finally, she spins down to a stop and lands.
Buttercup says: "Top that!"
Her sisters land at a distance, trade a glance, and generate their own twisters. Buttercup watches, annoyance written large on her face. Trash flies and buildings are torn apart - a step up in force. When they stop, only bits of structural ironwork stand on both sides of the street.
Blossom says: "You're really gonna have to try harder than that."
The brunette looks as if she could eat a steel beam and spit out nails. After a moment, she rises into the air and fires energy bolts from her hands, which cut a path straight down the street toward Blossom and Bubbles; they are forced to dive aside. The beam traces up the side of a building and dissipates, leaving a deep gash in the façade.
Blossom and Bubbles drop to street level and bounce up. Blossom fires bolts from her hands, cutting along the street, and Bubbles does likewise in a different direction. Cut to a distant intersection; the glare of the beams is seen over the buildings. A limousine pulls into view and stops, and one of the windows rolls down to reveal the Mayor inside. He looks out at the scene before turning to face the camera, as if breaking the fourth wall.
Mayor says: "Oh, goody, goody!"
Mayor says: "I wonder if it's another flaming rodent."
Mayor says: "Let's go see!"
(Blossom keeps firing says: "a pony within a heart."
and the camera cuts to an overhead view to show that she is writing "This is easy" on the pavement. When she stops says: "a pony within a heart."
cut to Buttercup says: "a pony within a heart."
who looks quite sore as appreciative murmurs float up from ground-level onlookers. Blossom looks quite pleased with herself before glancing in Bubbles' direction. In a similar overhead shot says: "a pony within a heart."
we see that the latter is finishing up her own blacktop artwork says: "a pony within a heart."
(Blossom keeps firing says: "She finishes, turns away, and giggles."
and the camera cuts to an overhead view to show that she is writing "This is easy" on the pavement. When she stops says: "She finishes, turns away, and giggles."
cut to Buttercup says: "She finishes, turns away, and giggles."
who looks quite sore as appreciative murmurs float up from ground-level onlookers. Blossom looks quite pleased with herself before glancing in Bubbles' direction. In a similar overhead shot says: "She finishes, turns away, and giggles."
we see that the latter is finishing up her own blacktop artwork says: "She finishes, turns away, and giggles."
(Blossom keeps firing says: "Through the following series of demonstrations, more murmurs are heard from time to time."
and the camera cuts to an overhead view to show that she is writing "This is easy" on the pavement. When she stops says: "Through the following series of demonstrations, more murmurs are heard from time to time."
cut to Buttercup says: "Through the following series of demonstrations, more murmurs are heard from time to time."
who looks quite sore as appreciative murmurs float up from ground-level onlookers. Blossom looks quite pleased with herself before glancing in Bubbles' direction. In a similar overhead shot says: "Through the following series of demonstrations, more murmurs are heard from time to time."
we see that the latter is finishing up her own blacktop artwork says: "Through the following series of demonstrations, more murmurs are heard from time to time."
(Blossom keeps firing says: ")"
and the camera cuts to an overhead view to show that she is writing "This is easy" on the pavement. When she stops says: ")"
cut to Buttercup says: ")"
who looks quite sore as appreciative murmurs float up from ground-level onlookers. Blossom looks quite pleased with herself before glancing in Bubbles' direction. In a similar overhead shot says: ")"
we see that the latter is finishing up her own blacktop artwork says: ")"
Buttercup looks as if she might blow her top at any second. She claps her hands to her face briefly to contain herself, then releases a high-intensity scream she and Blossom used in "All Chalked Up," and which only Bubbles had used before that episode. One building after another crumbles under the onslaught; cut to a group of people in the street, covering their ears.
Man says: "Yep, that's gotta be it."
Man says: "That's gotta be her special power."
Blossom says: "Oh, please."
After a moment of quiet, both of them cut loose with the same scream; a building falls, and a distant, idle freight train is lifted off its tracks and pushed away. At the scene of the showdown, they have stopped and Buttercup lands before them. She gathers herself for some mighty effort, the strain of which is shown only by the trembling of her rigid body - and then she gradually fades from sight altogether.
Blossom and Bubbles mimic her, disappearing more quickly. Buttercup pops into view on a rooftop, and they reappear on a perch across the street from her. Buttercup leaps into the air, her hands glowing red, and plunges to the street. She lands a punch that sends out a long furrow of buckling concrete; this tears through the base of a statue, which is revealed to be of the Mayor when the camera turns up to its head. The sculpture cracks and explodes.
Blossom raises her own hand, also glowing red, and strikes the ground; an entire building shatters into rubble as a result. Bubbles does likewise and brings down the offices of a law firm.
Buttercup says: "Try this!"
Buttercup says: "Inferno!"
Green flames envelop her; cut to her sisters, who have already copied the move in their own respective colors. Bubbles grins and waves, while Blossom stands with arms crossed, eyes half shut in a cheeky sassy manner, and a cocky smile.
Buttercup says: "Copycat!"
Duplicates of herself appear to each side and behind her, filling the street; cut to Blossom and Bubbles, who have already matched this trick. Back to Buttercup, her duplicates gone.
Buttercup says: "Aqua Velvie!"
She becomes a puddle of water; quick pan to two others where her sisters stood - another standoff. Their duplicates are gone as well. Back to Buttercup, who has reconstituted herself.
Buttercup says: "Atomic Snot Rocket!"
She snorts in a huge breath, hocks up a loogie, and lets it fly. The wad of green phlegm streaks down the street and explodes against a building. On another street, pink and blue streaks cause similar explosions - her sisters have solidified and matched her once again. Back to Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "Itsy Bitsy!"
She shrinks to a speck; her sisters do the same in front of a crowd. Back to her, normal-sized.
Buttercup says: "Electric Boogaloo Force Field!"
She drops onto her back, tucks in her head, arms, and legs, and starts to spin in place like a breakdancer on a sugar rush. A sphere of green light surrounds her - but in a quick pan down the street, similar spheres of pink and blue light prove that Blossom and Bubbles have regrown and can pull this off too. Back to Buttercup, standing up again and with a deck of cards in hand.
Buttercup says: "Three-Card Puffy!"
She passes her other hand over the cards and they disappear. Her sisters, no longer doing their backspins, master this sleight of hand in no time.
Buttercup says: "Optometron!"
Her eyes bulge out of the sockets; so do theirs. Back to her, eyes in place again. Now she has a stack of coins balanced on her elbow.
Buttercup says: "The Penny-Pincher!"
She whips her elbow away and rotates her arm in order to catch the coins before they can hit the ground. That's no problem for Blossom and Bubbles, whose eyes have also pulled in. Back to Buttercup, the coins out of sight.
Buttercup says: "Call of the Wild!"
She roars like a lion, as do they. They have also ditched their coins. Back to her.
Buttercup says: "The Matrix!"
She bends over backward, her head almost touching the ground, and the camera keeps her in focus as the view behind her rotates and she tilts her upper body in the opposite direction. Her sisters do likewise.
[Note says: "This is a take-off on a scene in The Matrix - the "bullet time" sequence on the roof of the building where Morpheus is being held captive."
Extreme close-up of the furious Buttercup, who is truly at her wits' end. Pull back quickly to a long overhead view of her, Blossom, Bubbles, and the onlookers as she looks up at the sky and yells in frustration.
Buttercup says: "ENOUGH!"
The word echoes in the air for a few seconds. Back to ground level; her sisters are completely stunned by this, as are the crowd and the Mayor.
Buttercup says: "Huh."
Buttercup says: "Forget it."
Buttercup says: "I ain't got no special skills."
Buttercup says: "I ain't special."
Blossom says: "Aww, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "You may not have a special power..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "but you're still special."
Buttercup says: "But-but-but nothing!"
Buttercup says: "I thought I had a special power, but I don't!"
Buttercup says: "I thought I was special, but I'm not!"
Buttercup says: "So there!"
Buttercup says: "BLEH!"
She sticks out her tongue, curling it into a tube. This catches Blossom and Bubbles flat-footed.
Bubbles says: "What did you just do?"
Buttercup says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "Stick my tongue out?"
Buttercup says: "You want to see that again so you can copy that too?"
Buttercup says: "Well, here!"
Buttercup says: "BLEH!"
She does it again, the camera zooming into an extreme close-up of her face. Cut to Blossom and pan to Bubbles during the next two lines.
Blossom says: "You can..."
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "curl your tongue?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, so?"
Buttercup says: "What's the big deal?"
Buttercup says: "I've always been able to do that."
Buttercup says: "See?"
She does it again. Blossom and Bubbles try to imitate her, but cannot - and in the process, they generate a couple of weak raspberries.
Buttercup says: "What are you guys doing?"
In short, they are failing miserably. Pan slowly from Blossom to Bubbles as both keep trying to pull it off. After several seconds of this, Buttercup has a brainstorm.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Buttercup says: "You guys can't curl your tongue, can you?"
Buttercup says: "You can't!"
Buttercup says: "Yes!"
Blossom says: "I'll do it!"
Blossom says: "Just give me a sec!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, you mean this?"
Buttercup says: "Meh!"
The onlookers talk excitedly among themselves; cut to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum among them.
[Note says: "One of them copies the cue that an onlooker gave to the fireman near the end of "Too Pooped to Puff."
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Curl your tongue, huh?"
Mayor says: "Uh, yeah."
Mayor says: "You keep working on that."
(Pan across the crowd says: "an ordinary man."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "an ordinary man."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "an ordinary man."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "an ordinary man."
(Pan across the crowd says: "A bearded fellow who licks his mustache."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "A bearded fellow who licks his mustache."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "A bearded fellow who licks his mustache."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "A bearded fellow who licks his mustache."
(Pan across the crowd says: "A woman who touches her tongue to her nose."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "A woman who touches her tongue to her nose."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "A woman who touches her tongue to her nose."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "A woman who touches her tongue to her nose."
(Pan across the crowd says: "A frog that lashes its tongue out."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "A frog that lashes its tongue out."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "A frog that lashes its tongue out."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "A frog that lashes its tongue out."
(Pan across the crowd says: "KISS member Gene Simmons, his tongue extended to full length."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "KISS member Gene Simmons, his tongue extended to full length."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "KISS member Gene Simmons, his tongue extended to full length."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "KISS member Gene Simmons, his tongue extended to full length."
(Pan across the crowd says: "An anteater, its long thin tongue snaked out."
none of whom can curl their tongues says: "An anteater, its long thin tongue snaked out."
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: "An anteater, its long thin tongue snaked out."
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: "An anteater, its long thin tongue snaked out."
(Pan across the crowd says: ")"
none of whom can curl their tongues says: ")"
then cut to Buttercup. She is positively ecstatic at this turn of events says: ")"
she looks around herself. Close-up of one unsuccessful try after another says: ")"
Buttercup just stands and laughs at the lot of them.
Blossom says: "You know what?"
Blossom says: "It's not even a special power."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, but it's a skill you can't do!"
Buttercup says: "And you can't do!"
She roars with laughter; cut to an overhead view of the scene and pull back slowly as she jumps around in front of her sisters and takes a bow.
Narrator says: "That's it?"
Narrator says: "After all this time, that's her special power?"
Narrator says: "Look."
Narrator says: "I'm doing it right now."
The background for the end shot comes up. He still sounds as if he has curled his tongue.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved..."
(The girls appear says: "Buttercup front and center, happily showing off her "power," with a resentful Blossom and a crushed Bubbles in the background to the left and right, respectively."
(The girls appear says: ")"
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "thanks to the Buttercup Curl!"
Narrator says: "That's her special power."
Narrator says: "We've been waiting all this time for that."
Narrator says: "It's stupid!"