Pull back to show a large, three-headed snake rearing up over the buildings.
Narrator says: "…is under attack!"
The individual heads begin to smash and chew up bits of the architecture, after which the camera cuts to the flight of….
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
The snake stops short at their arrival. Blossom and Buttercup each pound one of the heads in the kisser, and Bubbles knocks the wind out of the third. Additional blows from the girls knock the heads spinning, causing the necks to tangle up into a large knot. Blossom grabs the tail, Buttercup the heads, and they fly in opposite directions to stretch the snake out. Bubbles flies into view and begins jumping rope in midair with happy cries of “Whee!” Blossom and Buttercup are swinging the ends of the snake for her.
Narrator says: "It seems once again, the day is saved."
Narrator says: "But what’s this?"
As he continues, pull back to show that all these events are taking place on TV. The set is in a room with a single decorating theme—pink, pink, and even more pink. A silhouetted figure is watching; it has a long, curled beard and a hooked nose.
Narrator says: "It appears our girls are secretly being monitored, but by whom?"
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "Not—"
Narrator says: "I—"
Narrator says: "I—"
Narrator says: "I can’t say it!"
(Camera turns around to reveal the owner of the silhouette says: ""HIM," a red figure with a devil’s face fixed in a wide, toothy grin, sitting on a pink sofa."
(Camera turns around to reveal the owner of the silhouette says: "It wears makeup, a woman’s red jacket and skirt with pink tulle at the collar and hemline, and black, thigh-high, spike-heeled boots."
(Camera turns around to reveal the owner of the silhouette says: "In place of hands, it has lobster pincers."
(Camera turns around to reveal the owner of the silhouette says: "Zoom in slowly."
(Camera turns around to reveal the owner of the silhouette says: ")"
Narrator says: "This is a villain so evil, so sinister, so horribly vile that even the utterance of his name strikes fear into the hearts of men!"
Narrator says: "The only safe way to refer to this king of darkness is simply… …“Him”."
“Him” says: "Oh, snake beast,  so completely, hmm?"
Close-up of Buttercup, holding the snake over her head. The whole thing is now knotted up.
Buttercup says: "Yo, Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Catch!"
Pull back as she throws it, then cut to behind it as it sails toward Blossom.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, not so hard!"
Blossom says: "Aaaghh!"
Her words trail off into a scream as the snake slams into her and carries her along like a fly stuck to the windshield of a Mack truck. The camera follows it as it smashes through a building, then pans over to an office window. Inside are the Mayor and Ms. Bellum.
Mayor says: "Well, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum, you can get back to work now."
Blossom and the snake hit the window; when the dust clears, she is now holding the beast aloft. The only damage to the building is a broken pane of glass and a bit of ruined masonry. The Mayor and Ms. Bellum are unharmed. The other two girls fly up behind her.
Blossom says: "Sorry about that, Mayor."
Mayor says: "Oh, that’s okay."
Close-up of Blossom and Bubbles, who is resting her hand on her chin and looking over at her sister.
Blossom says: "It wouldn’t have happened if Buttercup wouldn’t throw so hard."
Pan right; now we see Bubbles and Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "Well, if you could only catch—"
Pan back and forth as Bubbles follows the argument with her eyes.
Blossom says: "You threw it too hard."
Buttercup says: "Did not!"
Blossom says: "Did too!"
Buttercup says: "Did not!"
Blossom says: "Did too!"
Bubbles says: "Stop it!"
Quick cut to “Him,” surprise written large on his face; then back to Bubbles, who has shed a single tear.
Bubbles says: "I hate it when you guys fight."
Pull back to show the TV again. The “program” rewinds as if it were a VCR tape and shows the close-up of Bubbles twice more, zooming in each time.
Bubbles says: "…hate it when you guys fight."
Bubbles says: "…when you guys fight."
Close-up of a beaming “Him.”.
“Him” says: "I think you should fight more often."
“Him” says: "Ha, ha!"
Back to her on the TV; zoom in slowly.
“Him” says: "…don’t cry, little one."
“Him” says: "I’m here for you."
“Him” says: "Ha, ha!"
Cut to the exterior of the girls’ house at night.
Narrator says: "So after saving the day, the girls return home for some peace and quiet."
Blossom says: "SHUT UP, BUTTERCUP!"
Narrator says: "Well, maybe not."
Inside, Blossom and Buttercup are yelling at each other at top volume in the hall. The Professor, standing between them, unsuccessfully tries to calm them down.
Buttercup says: "No, you shut up!"
Blossom says: "You shut up!"
Buttercup says: "You just shut up!"
Blossom says: "Shut up!"
Blossom says: "I said shut up!"
Professor says: "Girls?"
Professor says: "Girls, stop that."
Professor says: "Girls?"
Professor says: "I said stop that right now."
Professor says: "Uh, girls?"
Professor says: "Stop that arguing."
Blossom and Buttercup's shouts, as well as the Professor's coaxing, continue. Pull back to the end of the hall and pan slowly to the bedroom door. In the room, Bubbles is sitting on the end of the bed, sobbing in the dark; her toy octopus is on the pillows behind her.
Bubbles says: "Oh, I don’t like arguing."
Bubbles says: "Why can’t we all just get along, instead of fighting and arguing?"
She begins to cry and tears come out of her eyes like a sprinkler, but a voice startles her out of her tears. It is low and soft, and has an almost hypnotic quality to it as it echoes around the room.
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
Bubbles says: "Who said that?"
Cut to the head of the bed; the camera points toward Bubbles’ back.
Pull back slightly to bring the octopus into view. Bubbles turns around and gasps sharply; close-up of her as she wipes her eyes.
Bubbles says: "Octi?"
Cut to Bubbles’ end of the bed; zoom in on Octi. The doll’s mouth does not move as it talks.
Octi says: "Yes, Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "You are talking."
Octi says: "Yes, Bubbles."
Octi says: "Come closer so I can tell you more."
Side view of the two on the bed. The argument can be heard through the partially open door. The edge of “Him”’s TV screen becomes visible.
Buttercup says: "Don’t tell me what to do!"
Blossom says: "Just listen to me next time!"
The door closes by itself.
Octi says: "Let’s not listen to that anymore."
Octi says: "Listen, in my opinion, Blossom is being far too bossy for her own good."
As it says this, pull back to show the scene on TV. “Him” is pacing back and forth, speaking into a microphone—he is providing the voice for Octi.
Octi/“Him” says: "In fact, I think that Buttercup should be in charge."
Octi/“Him” says: "Yeah."
Octi/“Him” says: "That’s it."
Octi/“Him” says: "Bubbles, you should talk to Buttercup and tell her that she should be running the show."
Fade to red.
Narrator says: "Oh, what did I tell you about “Him”?"
Narrator says: "Evil."
Narrator says: "Evil, pure and simple!"
Fade into the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Inside, the hotline goes off and Blossom answers it.
Blossom says: "Yes, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "We’ll be right there!"
Cut to the park; a large foot is planted in view. The camera turns up to reveal it as belonging to some sort of huge reptilian creature with a single horn. Cut to the girls in flight; Bubbles is carrying Octi and sucking her thumb.
Blossom says: "Everybody ready?"
Buttercup says: "Ready!"
Blossom says: "put down that doll!"
Blossom says: "You know better!"
Blossom and Buttercup zoom toward the monster, but Bubbles lands instead.
Bubbles says: "Octi, I have to put you down."
Octi says: "Why?"
Octi says: "Just because Blossom told you to?"
Bubbles says: "But—"
Octi says: "Blossom’s not always right, you know."
Bubbles says: "Oh?"
Cut to Blossom and Buttercup, closing in to attack.
Blossom says: "Go for the head!"
The monster turns to face them—now we see the turtle shell on its back—and fires a laser beam from its eyes, catching the two girls dead on. They slam into the ground not far from Bubbles.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Octi says: "You see?"
Buttercup says: "Hey, let’s try my—"
Blossom says: "Go for the arms!"
Buttercup says: "Your plans aren’t working!"
Bubbles says: "Uh, Buttercup?"
Buttercup says: "What, Bubbles?"
Bubbles says: "Um, well, uh… Octi says you should do what you want to do."
Bubbles says: "Don’t follow Blossom."
Buttercup says: "Octi, you’re speaking my language."
Blossom has engaged the turtle, but is looking around nervously for backup.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, where are you?"
Blossom says: "Whoa!"
She dodges a swing of the beast’s arm. Buttercup, meanwhile, flies across the city to the water tank. Tearing it loose—and spilling all the water over several blocks as she does so—she hauls it along as Blossom watches with great anxiety from the ground.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, don’t!"
Buttercup lets fly with the tank in slow motion and scores a direct hit; the turtle is knocked flying and sails over Blossom’s head.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Cut to an old woman, making her way along the sidewalk on a motorized scooter. She suddenly finds herself in a growing shadow.
Narrator says: "It’s headed right for that senior citizen!"
She tools along as the turtle and water tank descend on her. Just before impact, cut to Blossom.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
A crash shakes the camera. The turtle is now out cold on the ground. One of the scooter's tires rolls away from it and stops in front of Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "Oops."
The old woman pops her head out of the tire after a moment. Dissolve to the exterior of the house at night—no sound but the crickets chirping. Inside, Blossom and Buttercup are once again arguing in the hall, with the Professor between them.
Blossom says: "You recklessly endangered people’s lives!"
Buttercup says: "Did not!"
Blossom says: "And failed to follow orders!"
Buttercup says: "Well, I should be the leader anyway!"
Professor says: "Girls, calm down!"
Blossom says: "NO!"
Buttercup says: "NO!"
Blossom says: "I've had it with your insubordination!"
She nails Buttercup with a blast from her eye lasers, leaving her smoking.
Buttercup says: "Well, I've had it with your leadership!"
She points her hands toward Blossom and fires a green laser beam from her, knocking her into the wall. Cut to Bubbles, hiding out of sight around a corner and holding Octi with its tentacles wrapped around her like a shawl. The fight continues at the other end of the hall.
Octi says: "Well, I suppose it was inevitable."
We see Bubbles on the TV again. “Him,” in silhouette, is holding the microphone.
“Him” says: "on the same team!"
“Him” says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
“Him” says: "With Blossom and Buttercup busy fighting, Bubbles doesn’t stand a chance!"
“Him” says: "Hee, hee, hee!"
He begins to fly around the room, his eyes glowing.
“Him” says: "I’m winning, I’m winning!"
“Him” says: "More, more, more, more, more, more!"
He now flies in a tight circle, creating a small whirlwind in the room. Cut back to the argument; the Professor has his arms outstretched to keep the girls from tearing each other apart. Blossom and Buttercup argue.
Professor says: "That’s enough!"
Professor says: "I’m gonna separate you two!"
Professor says: "Go have a time out!"
Inside the bedroom, Bubbles is sitting on the floor in the dark and crying, with Octi by her side.
Bubbles says: "Oh, Octi, now they’re fighting more than ever."
Bubbles says: "I’m so confused."
Bubbles says: "Octi?"
She kneels by the doll.
Bubbles says: "Why don’t you say something?"
Long pause. When Octi finally speaks, it begins to sound like the effeminate voice of “Him.”.
Octi says: "Stupid little girl."
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
What light there is in the room goes red, and Octi begins to grow.
Octi says: "They’re fighting because of you, because you believe your toys can really talk  and you actually do what they tell you to do."
Bubbles says: "I know that voice."
Bubbles says: "You’re…  …“Him”!"
“Him” says: "Very good!"
“Him” says: "I’m flattered."
“Him” says: "But thank you, Bubbles."
“Him” says: "Thank you for helping me break up the Powerpuff Girls once and for all."
Close-up of Bubbles.
“Him“ says: "…and destroy the world!"
A shower of debris flies past Bubbles. From behind her, we see Octi depart the scene through a very large and very new hole in the wall. Close-up of her.
Bubbles says: "Oh, no!"
Bubbles says: "He’s headed straight for Townsville!"
Bubbles says: "I’ve got to stop him myself."
Bubbles says: "I just hope I don’t mess this up, too."
In the city proper, Octi’s head can be seen bobbing among the buildings. It has now grown large enough to tower over them. Townspeople scream as the gargantuan doll approaches, and several cars are slammed against one another. One tentacle takes out a group of cars; others go to work demolishing bits of the skyline. Bubbles flies in and rises to face Octi.
Bubbles says: "STOP!"
Bubbles says: "You used me!"
Bubbles says: "That’s not fair!"
“Him” says: "No, it isn’t."
“Him” says: "Neither is  this!"
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: "Blossom sitting by the nightstand in the bedroom—"
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: "Blossom sitting by the nightstand in the bedroom—"
then to a split-screen view says: "Blossom sitting by the nightstand in the bedroom—"
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: "how she could possibly not have noticed that hole in the wall is a mystery—"
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: "how she could possibly not have noticed that hole in the wall is a mystery—"
then to a split-screen view says: "how she could possibly not have noticed that hole in the wall is a mystery—"
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: "and Buttercup on the living room floor."
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: "and Buttercup on the living room floor."
then to a split-screen view says: "and Buttercup on the living room floor."
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: "Both are sulking, but their heads bob up at the same time upon hearing Bubbles."
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: "Both are sulking, but their heads bob up at the same time upon hearing Bubbles."
then to a split-screen view says: "Both are sulking, but their heads bob up at the same time upon hearing Bubbles."
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: "Double close-up."
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: "Double close-up."
then to a split-screen view says: "Double close-up."
(Bubbles is seized by a tentacle says: ")"
begins to scream. Her cries echo through the night. Quick cut to the exterior of the house says: ")"
then to a split-screen view says: ")"
Blossom says: "Bubbles is in trouble!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles is in trouble!"
Cut to the exterior of the house; they exit through the bedroom windows. We see them in flight, approaching from opposite directions, then a close-up of Octi. Pull back slowly over the city as the two girls fly into view and stare each other down. The camera shifts back and forth between Blossom and Buttercup three times, zooming in each time. On the third shot—an extreme close-up—we see each girl reflected in the other’s eyes. Side view of them; pull back as Bubbles is lifted into view, still screaming. The same sequence of close-up shots is repeated, but the hostility begins to melt away. In extreme close-up, each girl finally smiles. Cut to Octi, towering over the city, as they charge toward it. On the next line, the two fly across and pull Bubbles free; the camera follows, putting Octi out of view.
Blossom says: "Some things are just more important."
Blossom says: "Right, Buttercup?"
Buttercup says: "Right!"
Bubbles giggles as they fly o.c. Octi catches fire, snarling and shaking its tentacles in rage.
“Him” says: "No!"
It disappears in a huge explosion. When the smoke clears, all that is left is “Him,” floating slumped over in a cloud of flame. He evaporates with a weary, resigned sigh as his plan has literally gone up in flames.
Buttercup says: "Phew!"
Dissolve to the exterior of the house and zoom in slowly.
Buttercup says: "Uh, hey, Blossom, I’m sorry about fighting with you."
Inside, the girls are crashed out in beanbag chairs.
Blossom says: "Me too."
Blossom says: "You know, we’re lucky to have a sister like Bubbles, who was only trying to remind us that we’re a team."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, and that any personal differences we’ve got shouldn’t stop us from saving the day and stuff."
Bubbles says: "For all my hard work, I should be the leader!"
This catches her sisters flat-footed. After a moment, all three laugh.
Narrator says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Narrator says: "You tell ’em, Bubbles."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again, the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"