Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Pull back to bring the subdivision into view.
Narrator says: "Pokey Oaks County!"
Narrator says: "A sleepy suburb of the city of Townsville."
Pull back again to bring Pokey Oaks Kindergarten into view.
Narrator says: "Pokey Oaks Kindergarten!"
Narrator says: "A school in Pokey Oaks County, a sleepy suburb of the city of Townsville."
Zoom in and dissolve quickly to Ms. Keane in the classroom.
Narrator says: "Ms."
Narrator says: "Keane!"
Narrator says: "The teacher of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten, a school in the sleepy suburbs of—"
Narrator says: "I’m—"
Narrator says: "oh, I’m sorry."
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, kids."
Ms. Keane says: "Now continue working on your projects, and I will take roll call."
On the end of this, we hear the sound of paint or glue being applied liberally. Cut to the head of a long table; the kids are working with Popsicle sticks and paste. Ms. Keane is seen from the shoulders down.
Ms. Keane says: "Julie?"
Ms. Keane says: "Julie Bean?"
Orange-haired girl says: "Here."
Ms. Keane says: "Harry?"
Ms. Keane says: "Harry Pitt?"
Dirty says: "Here."
homely boy says: "Here."
Ms. Keane says: "Wes?"
Ms. Keane says: "Wes Goingon?"
Blond boy says: "Yeah?"
Ms. Keane says: "Bubbles?"
Bubbles says: "Here."
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom?"
Blossom says: "Present."
Ms. Keane says: "Buttercup?"
Buttercup says: "Yep."
Ms. Keane says: "Lloyd Floyjoydson?"
Twin 1 says: "Huh?"
Ms. Keane says: "Floyd Floyjoydson?"
Twin 2 says: "What?"
Ms. Keane says: "Mitchell?"
Ms. Keane says: "…Mitchell Mitchellson?"
Brown-haired boy says: "It's Mitch!"
Brown-haired boy says: "And yeah, I'm here, okay?"
Mitchell, or Mitch, sounds very much like a troublemaker. Buttercup smiles and giggles at his outburst.
Ms. Keane says: "Elmer?"
Ms. Keane says: "Elmer Sglue?"
A squishing sound causes all the kids' eyes to pop open. The camera pans quickly to the end of the table and zooms in on a jar of paste in the hands of the kid sitting there. Pull back slightly; he digs out a handful and packs it into his mouth. He wears thick glasses and a smear of paste around his lips. When he speaks, his voice is very timid.
Paste-eating kid says: "Here."
His response is accompanied by a burp and spray of mixed paste and spit.
Mitch says: "Paste eater!"
Most of the class laughs at this. In a head-on view from Elmer’s end of the table, we now see that Mitch wears a black T-shirt with the words “MITCH ROCKS” on the front. He also sounds quite a bit like Popeye when he laughs. Blossom and Bubbles are stunned into silence, but Buttercup is enjoying the moment. Ms. Keane, meanwhile, is shocked at this behavior.
Ms. Keane says: "Elmer!"
Ms. Keane says: "…Mitchell!"
Back to him, panning up the table, as she continues. Buttercup laughs, but Blossom and Bubbles glare angrily at her, not happy with her behavior over Elmer's mistreatment by Mitch. Stop on these two.
Ms. Keane says: "Elmer—"
Ms. Keane says: "are you okay?"
He still has the jar in his hand. When he opens his mouth, the first thing to come out of it is a large white bubble.
Elmer says: "Yes, Mrs."
Elmer says: "Keane."
Kids says: "Ewww!"
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, now, children, behave—"
Mitch looks down at a rough figure of a person in front of him. It has a large glob of paste on one corner. He picks this up.
Mitch says: ""Ooooh!"
Mitch says: "My name's Elmer!"
Mitch says: ""  "And I like to eat gooey paste!"
Mitch says: "'Cause I'm stupid!"
He sticks the creation squarely onto Elmer’s forehead.
Mitch says: "D'oh!"
Ms. Keane says: "Children!"
Blossom and Bubbles take no part in the ridicule, but Buttercup is enjoying the whole thing.
Ms. Keane says: "Now that is just about enough!"
Harry says: "You’re gross!"
Julie says: "Yeah, you look like a dummy!"
Wes says: "Ha-ha!"
Wes says: "What a sick habit, man!"
Extreme close-up of Buttercup, zooming in on each successive insult.
Mitch says: "Glue-ber!"
Floyd says: "Paste-head!"
Lloyd says: "Tacky!"
She finally decides to really drive home the point herself. She scoops a wad of paste off the table and stands over Elmer.
Buttercup says: "EAT THIS, PASTE EATER!!!"
She lets the paste fly, and the chunk sails down the table in slow motion and finally splatters all over Elmer’s face. Blossom gasps, Bubbles moans, and Ms. Keane gasps as well. All three are quite shocked and dismayed by what has just happened. Close-up of Elmer, pulling back slowly. His mouth is wobbling, and he is sniffling and doing his best to keep from crying. As he loses the remains of his composure, Floyd and Mitch smile cruelly; finally, he breaks down crying. Buttercup, still standing on the table with paste in her hand, loses her gleeful expression when she sees everyone staring at her. Cut to her perspective, panning across the class; Blossom and Bubbles continue to silently look daggers at her in fury over her disrespect of poor Elmer.
Kids says: "Oooooooohhhhhh!"
Ms. Keane says: "Buttercup!"
Ms. Keane says: "I am surprised at you!"
Ms. Keane says: "You know better than that!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now apologize right this instant!"
Buttercup says: "But, Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane—"
Ms. Keane says: "Little lady, apologize to poor Elmer."
She ponders the paste in her hand for a silent moment, then sucks in a quick breath.
Buttercup says: "But I didn’t mean to, and Mitch started it, and—"
Ms. Keane says: "Buttercup!"
Realizing she can't talk her way out of it as Ms. Keane won't let her say anything else until she hears those two words out of her mouth, she sucks in another breath and groans slightly before trying again. Within two seconds, it becomes painfully obvious that she is out of her element.
Buttercup says: "Elmer… I'm, uh… oh, but… um… I… why did you have to… I mean… I'm s-s-s… I'm s… I'm s-s-s… aw, you shoulda ducked!"
Mitch says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Mitch says: "Recess!"
Buttercup looks back and forth, and after a moment, she charges out after them. Ms. Keane bends over Elmer and begins to wipe his face.
Ms. Keane says: "I'll deal with her later."
Ms. Keane says: "For now, let's just get you cleaned up."
Ms. Keane says: "Elmer—"
Ms. Keane says: "what those kids did was wrong."
Ms. Keane says: "But you know it's really not good to eat paste."
Elmer says: "W-W-Why?"
Ms. Keane says: "Well, for one thing, it’s an immutable act."
Ms. Keane says: "If the other kids were to see you doing it, they might want to do it, too."
Kids says: "No way!"
Ms. Keane says: "Children!"
They duck out of sight. Back to her and Elmer; he is still holding the jar of paste.
Ms. Keane says: "Now you give me that—"
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Ms. Keane says: "and go outside and play with your friends."
At the end of this, the kids’ heads are poking up over the windowsill again. He hangs his head and walks slowly past her o.c. Dissolve to a long shot of him sitting under a tree on the playground and zoom in slowly to a close-up. It is clear he's still sore over Buttercup having not apologized to him and the bullying he received from Mitch and the Floyjoydson twins.
Elmer says: "I’d be cool if I had powers."
Elmer says: "She’s not so cool."
He starts eating one handful after another. Zoom in slowly on the jar.
Elmer says: "I’d be cool."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "“INDUSTRIAL CHILDREN CHREAL CORD."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "“INDUSTRIAL CHILDREN CHREAL CORD."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "“INDUSTRIAL CHILDREN CHREAL CORD."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "” A hazardous-waste truck pulls up at the plant; cut to a sign hanging from the ceiling inside an observation room: “Marshmallow Toxic Filter Site."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "” A hazardous-waste truck pulls up at the plant; cut to a sign hanging from the ceiling inside an observation room: “Marshmallow Toxic Filter Site."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "” A hazardous-waste truck pulls up at the plant; cut to a sign hanging from the ceiling inside an observation room: “Marshmallow Toxic Filter Site."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "” Large vats of bubbling liquids can be seen through the windows of this room."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "” Large vats of bubbling liquids can be seen through the windows of this room."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "” Large vats of bubbling liquids can be seen through the windows of this room."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "Turn down to show a bank of levers and switches—"
with a pipe discharging into it says: "Turn down to show a bank of levers and switches—"
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "Turn down to show a bank of levers and switches—"
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "this is a control room—"
with a pipe discharging into it says: "this is a control room—"
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "this is a control room—"
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "and a technician with his feet propped up on the counter."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "and a technician with his feet propped up on the counter."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "and a technician with his feet propped up on the counter."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "He is eating a bowl of cereal and humming to himself."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "He is eating a bowl of cereal and humming to himself."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "He is eating a bowl of cereal and humming to himself."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: "Near his feet is a rack of test tubes labeled “Toxic Samples”; a recycling bin sits on the floor across from him."
with a pipe discharging into it says: "Near his feet is a rack of test tubes labeled “Toxic Samples”; a recycling bin sits on the floor across from him."
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: "Near his feet is a rack of test tubes labeled “Toxic Samples”; a recycling bin sits on the floor across from him."
(Dissolve to a pool of some noxious liquid says: ")"
with a pipe discharging into it says: ")"
pull back. It is a waste containment pond outside a chemical processing plant. The sign out front gives the company name says: ")"
Close-up of the man, panning to his feet. He moves his foot and knocks one of the tubes lose; it tumbles to the floor and breaks. The contents glow green on the tiles.
Technician says: "Oh!"
He leans over and soaks up the mess with his napkin, causing it to change appearance from white to the sickly green of the spilled contents from the test tube, which he then uses to wipe his face. He is left with glowing spots on his cheeks; his eyes go wide as he realizes his mistake too late, and after a moment, a large tentacle grows from each side of his face.
Technician says: "Whoa."
Technician says: "That’s definitely no good."
He throws the napkin into the recycling bin. Cut to the front of the plant, where a worker picks the bin up and empties it into the waste truck. Inside, among the piles of garbage, a fly buzzes in through the hatch as it slides shut. After a moment, the insect lands on the glowing napkin and sucks up some of what it carries. Suddenly it grows several new pairs of wings, a couple of extra mouths, and quite a few additional eyes. It also increases in size and begins to glow.
When the hatch opens again, the truck is parked outside Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. The mutant fly makes its way out and starts to weave erratically through the air, its wings flapping in fits and starts. Finally, its forward motion stops, and it plummets o.c.; a splash of white rises into view, and a splattering noise is heard. Cut to an extreme close-up of Elmer’s jar of paste, with the fly stuck at the surface. His hand descends into view and scoops up another load, fly and all, the camera following as he lifts it to his mouth and eats it. He takes no notice of the addition.
Pull back to show his entire face as shadows fall across him.
Mitch says: "Get up."
Elmer swallows hard as the reflections of Mitch, Lloyd, and Floyd appear in his glasses. Pull back to the entire group. He stands up and is promptly pushed down again by Mitch.
Mitch says: "Get up, paste eater!"
Floyd says: "Yeah!"
Floyd says: "Get up!"
Pan quickly to the girls. Buttercup laughs at the spectacle while her sisters watch from the background, still angry that Buttercup won't stop teasing poor Elmer.
Buttercup says: "When will he ever learn?"
Blossom says: "I’m tellin' Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane!"
Buttercup says: "What?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "I didn’t do nothin'!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, I’m always getting blamed."
Back to the four boys. Elmer gets to his feet again and coughs, spitting out glowing green sludge and moaning. A faint rumbling is heard.
Mitch says: "..."
Mitch says: "sit down!"
He and the twins laugh. They do not immediately notice that the shove has left residue on his arms. They stop laughing once Mitch notices.
Mitch says: "Hey, hey, hey, what the—"
Mitch says: "?!"
Mitch says: "!"
Mitch says: "What is this, man?!"
Mitch says: "!"
Cut to Elmer, whose body has turned to glue. His glasses and mouth are still visible.
Mitch says: "Ohhhh, is this your snot?!"
Mitch says: "!"
On the end of this line, cut back to him and the twins and pull back. A large shadow falls across them as he continues.
Mitch says: "Get it off, man!"
Mitch says: "Get it off!"
Mitch says: "Ohhhh, you’re gross!"
Mitch says: "What?!"
Mitch says: "!"
Mitch looks up once he notices the fear in the twins' voices; cut to his perspective and turn up to show a towering glue creature with Elmer’s hairline and glasses. He roars, sounding nothing like his timid former self, and the camera pulls back behind the twins as he looks himself over, realizing what has happened to him. He blows a bubble from his mouth; when it pops, globs of glue fly everywhere on the playground. Mitch and the twins scream and run. Elmer smiles wickedly and slams his fist down on the lawn, leaving a large, sticky puddle behind. The kids avoid this hit, but he counters by reaching down with outstretched fingers and trapping one on each. He holds his hands up to his face and wiggles the fingers back and forth as the kids scream in terror. He soon singles out the ones he stuck Mitch and the Floyjoydson twins to.
Smiling, he flicks them off in all directions. The twins are plastered against the side of a passing airplane, while Mitch ends up glued to the top of the flagpole. Turn down to its base, where Buttercup is watching the action.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Elmer says: "Huh?"
Buttercup says: "Not so fast, paste eater!"
Elmer tenses up and begins to bubble, his anger towards Buttercup being the worst of his classmates who bullied him manifesting in his new mutant body. He swings his arm at Buttercup and knocks her into the wall of the school, next to where Blossom and Bubbles are sitting. The glue holds her to the masonry; she struggles to pull free, but without success. Her sisters look on with half-satisfaction, half-disgust over Buttercup's fate for her teasing of Elmer.
Buttercup says: "Hurry!"
Buttercup says: "You gotta help me stop him!"
Blossom says: "No way!"
Blossom says: "You and those bullies deserve what you get for picking on poor little Elmer."
Ms. Keane screams o.c.; cut to her being lifted into the air by Elmer. He makes as if to hit her. Back to the girls.
Buttercup says: "Well, is she a bully?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane!"
Bubbles says: "Keane!"
Elmer raises one gigantic foot, its shadow falling over the other kids.
Kids says: "Whoa…  Yaaaay!"
Blossom says: "He’s gone crazy!"
Bubbles says: "He’s gone crazy!"
Buttercup says: "About time."
Elmer goes into a windup, preparing to pitch Ms. Keane like a fastball, as the girls approach. He pulls back and launches the still-screaming teacher—and his entire fist—at them. They slam on the brakes and back-pedal as hard as they can, but the fist slams into them before they can get out of the way. It hits the remainder of the wall where Buttercup is trapped; now all four are in the same predicament. Elmer forms a new arm, then chuckles and stomps off toward Townsville.
The captives struggle against the glue holding them down, but are unable to break free. After several seconds, Blossom rounds on Buttercup.
Blossom says: "None of this woulda happened if you’d just apologized in the first place!"
Ms. Keane says: "He’s going to destroy Townsville!"
Ms. Keane says: "You’ve got to stop him!"
Bubbles says: "But…we’re hot-glued to the wall!"
Buttercup says: "That’s it!"
Buttercup says: "Heat ray!"
She aims her eye lasers at the glue and sweeps across. After a moment, the glue dries and cracks, and the girls succeed in freeing themselves; Ms. Keane, though, is still hanging around.
Girls says: "Yeah!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Blossom says: "Let’s stick it to him!"
Ms. Keane says: "Yay!"
Dissolve to a city street, with glue splattered everywhere. Turn up quickly to the spire of a building as Elmer reaches into view and tears it loose after a few seconds of hearing it crack from the strain. It is set in place in front of a group of other spires and columns, like a set of bowling pins; cut to Elmer, who forms a large ball in one hand. He pulls back, takes a few steps, and rolls this like a bowling ball. It barrels down the street and plows into the building pieces—a clean strike.
Elmer says: "Yeah!"
He stops and sniffs the air for a moment—what is that funky smell? He looks at the sole of one foot, where he finds a screaming man looking up at him.
Elmer says: "Oh, man!"
He wipes his foot on the sidewalk, scraping the man off and leaving him pinned there. A school bus is picked up next; the camera follows it on the way up to Elmer’s face on the next line.
Bus riders says: "Whoooooaaaaaa…radical!"
Blossom says: "You’d better stop it!"
Elmer grunts and holds the bus out in front of himself; surprise registers on their faces.
Blossom says: "Watch out!"
Blossom says: "Swerve!"
Buttercup says: "What?"
The others avoid the bus, but she crashes into it and falls out of the sky. Blossom and Bubbles, watching from overhead, do not take this well.
Blossom says: "That’s it!"
Blossom says: "Now you’ve done it."
Blossom says: "Blood is thicker than glue!"
Elmer does nothing as they approach him, except smile wickedly. When they hit his chest, though, they get stuck fast, with only their heads above the surface.
Blossom says: "Uhh?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "I’m stuck!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
On the sidewalk, Buttercup starts to come around. She groans softly for some moments before being able to form a coherent word.
Buttercup says: "What?"
Blossom says: "No, Buttercup!"
Bubbles says: "No, Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "You’ll just get stuck!"
Bubbles says: "You’ll just get stuck!"
Buttercup hits the brakes. The glue begins to envelop her sisters’ heads.
Blossom says: "You know what you have to do!"
Bubbles says: "And hurry!"
Bubbles says: "We’re sinking!"
A tense moment passes while Buttercup tries to figure out her next move, knowing that her sisters want her to apologize to Elmer for bullying him, but she still can't bring herself to do it.
Buttercup says: "No!"
Buttercup says: "I can fight him!"
(Her first idea says: "eye lasers."
(Her first idea says: "She blasts Elmer in the shoulder, hardening his entire arm—"
(Her first idea says: "the one holding the bus—"
(Her first idea says: "and causing it to crumble away, but he grows another one."
(Her first idea says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Huh-uh!"
She looks around herself; cut to a bakery, with sacks of flour piled up outside, and zoom in. She flashes into view, and the screen is filled with white clouds. When the view clears, she stands in the middle of the sacks and is covered with flour from head to toe.
Buttercup says: "Ha!"
Buttercup says: "I'm flour, you're glue."
Buttercup says: "Try to fight and I won't stick to you!"
For understandable reasons, her light trail is now white instead of the usual green. She moves in on Elmer and taunts him.
Buttercup says: "You can't stick to me!"
Buttercup says: "You can't stick to me!"
Cut to Elmer as Buttercup approaches him.
Buttercup says: "Nyah nyah-nyah-nyah—"
Buttercup says: "—"
Buttercup says: "nyah?"
Now he aims a punch in her direction; she dodges out of the way just in time, and he smashes away the wall of a building behind her. Inside, an opera singer strikes a high note that lasts for some seconds.
Meanwhile, Blossom and Bubbles are still sinking into Elmer’s chest.
Blossom says: "There’s only one thing you can do!"
Buttercup says: "NO!"
Buttercup says: "Anything but that!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Buttercup says: "No, no, no, no, NO!"
Buttercup says: "…ALL RIGHT!"
Buttercup says: "ELMER!"
He stops in the middle of tearing another building apart upon hearing her bellow.
Elmer says: "Huh?"
Buttercup says: "Uh…I-I-I’m…s-s-s-so-s-s-so-o-o…o-o-r-r…r-r-r-ry!"
Doubtless, these are the hardest words she has ever had to say. Her reflection appears in Elmer’s glasses; he has been caught completely by surprise. What he says next is not in his more mature, monster voice.
Elmer says: "W-W-What?"
Buttercup says: "I’m…sorry if I picked on you, and.."
Buttercup says: "I’m sorry if I called you a…paste eater."
He wipes his eyes with the back of his hand and pulls the other girls out of his chest.
Elmer says: "Thanks, Buttercup."
Elmer says: "That’s all I wanted."
Dissolve to the city skyline, now held together with the radioactive glue.
Narrator says: "A reconstructed city of Townsville!"
Pull back to show the subdivision and Pokey Oaks Kindergarten, both of which are being put back together with Elmer’s help.
Narrator says: "Reconstructed Pokey Oaks Kindergarten."
Narrator says: "A school in the sleepy suburb of—"
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "Uh—"
Narrator says: "I’m sorry."
Close-up of the work. Blossom carries a board o.c. while Buttercup scoops some glue from Elmer’s arm onto another.
Buttercup says: "Thanks for helping, Elmer."
Elmer says: "Uh…Buttercup?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah?"
Elmer says: "You’re cool."
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "Let’s stick together."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Oh, Buttercup."
Narrator says: "We love glue."
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"