Host says: "'Sup, followers?"
Host says: "I'm Braeden."
Host says: "And this is "Biomes with Braeden!"
Host says: "" And we're talking biomes 24/7!"
Suddenly a pause icon appears on the screen, someone has just pressed the pause button. Cut to the kitchen, we see Bubbles is sitting on a table, she just paused the video on her computer. she bought a playset too and is working on it.
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Even a baby can do it!"
Bubbles says: "I'm pretty sure this baby has a PhD."
Blossom says: "Which one did you get, Bubbles?"
Bubbles says: "I got the tiger!"
Suddenly an egg drop quickly into view and attracted Bubbles' attention. followed by another egg and drops into Bubbles' cup, splashes the juice in her face.
Buttercup says: "Too bad you're not in my science class, Bubs."
Buttercup says: "We're studying the egg drop."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, the point of the egg drop project is to drop the egg without breaking it."
Cut to Bubbles, she tries again on her project. She planted 3 trees this time. .
Bubbles says: "And..."
Bubbles says: "perfect!"
Bubbles says: "Blossom, will you help me?"
Bubbles says: "My biome project is due tomorrow."
Cut to a ringing school bell, the students are after school and ready to go home.
Boy says: "Thanks for the help today."
Blossom says: "Bye, guys!"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, Blossom!"
Ms. Keane says: "Just the little over-achiever I was looking for."
Blossom says: "Yes, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane?"
Ms. Keane says: "Martin Beanowitz from the Bean Town Beanery is visiting the class tomorrow to talk about running a small restaurant."
Cut to a man ---- Martin Beanowitz, he is holding a plate of beans.
Martin says: "Bean up, bean down, bean all 'round."
Martin says: "Bean town."
Ms. Keane says: "And you're the only student I can trust to write the speech that won't be filled with inappropriate bean jokes."
Ms. Keane says: "Unless you don't have the time, of course."
Blossom says: "Consider me your number-one bean counter."
Ms. Keane burst into laugh by this.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, that's a joke everyone can get behind."
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, uh, don't mention behinds."
Blossom says: "I'm on it!"
Cut to Blossom flying in mid-air. she is holding a notebook and a pencil.
Blossom says: "So, to my fellow bean lovers, I say, "Ich bean ein bean-liner."
Blossom says: ""  Yeah, yeah!"
Blossom says: "Now I'm in the zone."
Mayor says: "Uh, Blossom?"
Mayor says: "Uh, Blossom, down here!"
Cut to Mayor's city hall where Blossom just flying past.
Blossom says: "What is it, Mr."
Blossom says: "Mayor?"
Mayor says: "I accidentally gave the key to the city to my rival..."
Mayor says: "The evil Baron von Mayorsly of Citytropolis!"
Cut to another Mayor, who is wearing a black cape and holding the key, evilly laughing.
Mayor says: "Somebody's got to change all the locks in town."
Mayor says: "Uh, can you do it?"
Blossom says: "Of course!"
Blossom says: "Especially if it's to keep the people of Townsville safe!"
Cut to the ISS control room, where 2 staff there. the woman is drinking a cup of coffee.
Blossom says: "Mission Control!"
Blossom says: "I got your call!"
Blossom says: "What's the problem?"
ISS Woman says: "Blossom!"
ISS Woman says: "You're just in time."
ISS Woman says: "Those astronauts in the International Space Station are hungry."
ISS Woman says: "And we'll need you to get them this pizza before they get hangry."
Blossom says: "Hangry?"
ISS Woman says: "Hungry and angry."
Cut to the astronauts on the spaceship in anger.
Astronaut says: "AHH!!"
Astronaut says: "WE'RE HANGRY!"
Astronaut says: "HUNGRY AND ANGRY!!!"
Blossom says: "That's on the to-do list!"
Dissolve to Bubbles, who is still sitting beside her undone biome project unhappily. Some eggs fly around her and one of them hits her head and broken. Cut to Buttercup in mid-air, she is holding a carton of eggs, obviously, she is still doing egg drop but always fails. she throws the eggs down.
Buttercup says: "Interesting."
Buttercup says: "It would seem throwing eggs at Bubbles does not keep the eggs safe."
(Buttercup holds up a sketch-board says: "Egg + Bubbz =?"
we see she already draws an egg says: "Egg + Bubbz =?"
a Bubbles' head on it says: "Egg + Bubbz =?"
she makes them as an equation says: "Egg + Bubbz =?"
(Buttercup holds up a sketch-board says: "Then she put the "?"
we see she already draws an egg says: "Then she put the "?"
a Bubbles' head on it says: "Then she put the "?"
she makes them as an equation says: "Then she put the "?"
(Buttercup holds up a sketch-board says: "" as a cross."
we see she already draws an egg says: "" as a cross."
a Bubbles' head on it says: "" as a cross."
she makes them as an equation says: "" as a cross."
Buttercup noticed her and cried out.
Buttercup says: "Whoa, Bubs!"
Buttercup says: "If you didn't like getting pelted with eggs, you could've told me."
Buttercup says: "I'm a reasonable human being here."
Bubbles says: "It's not that..."
Buttercup says: "Good."
Bubbles says: "Blossom promised to help me with my biome project."
Buttercup says: "She's probably busy being a goody-two-shoes."
Buttercup says: "She will be back soon."
Bubbles says: "Soon?"
Bubbles says: "That's in, like, forever!!!"
Buttercup comforts Bubbles hurriedly.
Buttercup says: "No need to freak out."
Buttercup says: "Professor Buttercup shall help you on your bike-cone project."
Bubbles says: "Biome."
Buttercup files into view and squeezes Bubbles face.
Buttercup says: "Whatever."
Buttercup says: "With the two greatest scientific minds on the case, Nothing could go wrong!"
Bubbles says: "Right!"
Cut to Blossom's phone, we see Blossom still gets her hands full, the top of the To-Do list was shown as "SPORTS DRINK", and Blossom really carries a large bottle of drink and gives it to 2 players.
Blossom says: "Here's your sports drink."
Blossom says: "Stay hydrated."
Players says: "Thanks, Blossom!"
The players turns and pour the drink to a referee nearby, the referee seems scared by this, while Blossom looks unamused.
Cut back to Buttercup. She is watching instructions but she seems has been reversed.
Buttercup says: "These instructions are in some kind of weird alien language."
Bubbles takes the instructions and turns it around, then she gives back to Buttercup.
Cut to the To-Do list again, this time "LIBRARY" is on the top, it is very messy around the library interior.
Old Woman says: "Oh, Blossom, thank goodness you're here."
Old Woman says: "Kids are so messy these days."
Blossom says: "I got this."
Blossom says: "Organization is practically my middle name."
Old Woman says: "Thank you, Blossom."
Cut back to the house, 3 upside-down trees has been cast into the base of the project.
Buttercup says: "Tree time!"
Buttercup says: "Just like they do it in nature."
Tourist 1 says: "Man, I hate living in Ownsville."
Cut to the flying Blossom, She is holding up the missing "T" and put it beside "O", makes the word "TOWNSVILLE" incorrect and flies away.
Tourist 2 says: "Oh, that‘s right, We live in Townsville."
Back to the house, Buttercup is drinking a soda and made a burp, then she pours the soda onto the project as to create the river.
Buttercup says: "A little soda for the river."
Bubbles says: "Yay, rivers!"
The To-Do list again, and "CEREMONY" is on the top now. Cut to a flame-lit person, her torch is off. Blossom uses her laser beam to lit the torch basin and succeeded then flies away while the person waves at her. Back to the house, We see Buttercup is lifting something.
Buttercup says: "All right, Bubbles."
Buttercup says: "It's time for this taiga to get hit by some snow!"
(As soon as her last word was spoken says: "a large can of marshmallow goo, and she wants to make some snow by it."
the camera pulls back quickly says: "a large can of marshmallow goo, and she wants to make some snow by it."
shows what's Buttercup lifting says: "a large can of marshmallow goo, and she wants to make some snow by it."
(As soon as her last word was spoken says: ")"
the camera pulls back quickly says: ")"
shows what's Buttercup lifting says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Yay, snow!"
Buttercup says: "In the form of marshmallow goo."
Blossom says: "Oh, Mr."
Blossom says: "Cat, this is the fourth time this week."
Mojo Jojo says: "Uh, thank you."
Buttercup has finally "finished" Bubbles' biome project by putting a sign that reads “TAIGA" on the top of the mixture. but a few seconds later the mixture crashes down.
Buttercup says: "Pretty sweet, huh?"
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
A few second seconds later Buttercup joins in. But a few more seconds later Bubbles realized Buttercup has just ruined her project and starts crying again.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "What..."
Buttercup says: "what..."
Buttercup says: "what's wrong?"
Buttercup says: "Is it too beautiful?"
Bubbles says: "It's..."
Bubbles says: "TERRIBLE!!"
Buttercup says: "Terrible?"
Cut to Blossom finishing up conducting the choir at the last note.
Maestro says: "Thanks for directing the choir for me, Blossom."
Maestro says: "My conductor's elbow is acting up."
Blossom says: "No problem, Maestro."
Buttercup says: "You!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup?"
Blossom says: "What are you doing here?"
Buttercup says: "No, what are you doing here?"
Blossom says: "I don't have time to ask that question back to you."
Blossom says: "I'm running important errands that I promised I'd do."
Buttercup says: "Promised?"
Buttercup says: "Like promising to help the one person whose happiness really matters, and who's crying their eyes out at home right now?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "The Professor?"
Buttercup says: "NO!"
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
After Buttercup's reminding, Blossom suddenly remembered that Bubbles' biome project she just left her behind completely, she is shocked by this.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles' biome project!"
Blossom says: "I forgot!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, you did."
Buttercup says: "So I had to help her."
Hearing this, Blossom is very surprised by this, Because she never thought that Buttercup will help Bubbles to do the project.
Blossom says: "You?"
Buttercup says: "Pfft."
Buttercup says: "Get over yourself."
Buttercup says: "It's not like it turned into a raging monster."
As soon as Buttercup has just finished her words, a roar made from a monster bursts out from off-screen, making the two surprised. Cut to the skyline, on the bottom part of the screen we see a huge monster was passing by, makes some crashing sound. when the monster passed through the street, it has crashed into a nearby building and gives a long roar. It continues going and pass the two tiny girls.
Buttercup says: "Oh, I guess it did."
Blossom says: "What did you do?"
Buttercup says: "I don't know."
Buttercup says: "Threw some trees in there, a little marshmallow goo."
When Buttercup refers to "Marshmallow goo", Blossom is very shocked and jumps up.
Blossom says: "Marshmallow goo?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: "You added marshmallow goo to a build-your-own-biome playset?"
Buttercup says: "Just a little."
Blossom says: "Don't you know what that does to the chemical composition?"
Buttercup says: "Pfft!"
Buttercup says: "Yes!"
Buttercup says: "N-n-n-no."
Blossom says: "Bubbles, are you okay?"
Bubbles says: "No, I'm not okay, Because of you!"
Bubbles says: "My project doesn't look anything like the box."
She holds her box up and put it down, It's really that Bubbles' project was completely not like the box, it’s only an ugly monster which destroying anything.
Buttercup says: "Wow!"
Buttercup says: "The strength of impact will depend upon not just the speed with which the egg is thrown, but also the material upon which the egg falls."
Blossom says: "What did you say?"
Buttercup says: "I said this is all your fault!"
Suddenly a huge crash made by the monster bursts out. Cut to the monster, which is destroying another building violently. Bubbles feels sad about this. She knelt down to the ground.
Blossom says: "No, you're not!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles, I'm sorry."
Blossom says: "I broke my promise to you."
Blossom says: "I wasn't there when you needed me."
Blossom says: "But I am here now."
Blossom says: "Let's do this project together."
Bubbles says: "Really?"
Blossom says: "Pop quiz, what is in a taiga?"
Bubbles says: "Hmm..."
Bubbles says: "trees?"
Blossom says: "Right!"
Blossom says: "What else is in a taiga?"
With Blossom's help, Bubbles become happy again.
Bubbles says: "Rivers!"
Blossom flys to a water tower and takes it off to the sky. She then use super speed to broke a hole on the tower, makes the water inside pours out.
Bubbles says: "---- Lots of snow!"
Blossom takes a deep breath and uses her ice breath to fill the screen. Cut to some trees while some birds passing by, The water flowing smoothly. Bubbles floats from the right-bottom to the center.
Bubbles says: "In conclusion, the taiga is the world's largest biome."
Ms. Keane says: "Bubbles, I have never seen such an interactive biome project!"
Ms. Keane says: ""A" plus!"
Bubbles says: "I couldn't have finished my project without my sister Blossom."
Blossom says: "No problem!"
Buttercup says: "Sheesh!"
Buttercup says: "How about a little credit?"
Buttercup says: "I was the one who turned that biome set into a monster in the first place."
Camera pulls back very quickly and we saw the monster again, it comes back to life again for no reason. It makes a call.
Bubbles says: "Blossom, um, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane says the biome can't stay in the school's parking lot."
The monster makes another call.
Blossom says: "I'm on it."
(The last time cut to Blossom's To-Do list says: ""Biome", and the episode ends."
we see Blossom has cleared all the tasks says: ""Biome", and the episode ends."
creates a new task says: ""Biome", and the episode ends."
(The last time cut to Blossom's To-Do list says: ")"
we see Blossom has cleared all the tasks says: ")"
creates a new task says: ")"