As he continues, pan slowly along the buildings. In the windows of one of them, we see people sleeping in beds, in armchairs, at desks.
Narrator says: "where most folks, after being put through the paces of daily life, have put their dogs up and called it a day."
Stop on the girls’ house in the distance and zoom in.
Narrator says: "But for one man,  How goes it, Pro—"
He glares at the camera and pulls the shade down.
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "Well, sir, I can’t rightly blame him for wanting his privacy."
Dissolve to the lab door and pull back as he continues. The sound of tools at work comes from within; the hallway is dark.
Narrator says: "For, you see, old Professor has been locked up in that lab going on a week now, working on his latest pet project."
Dissolve to the open door of the girl's bedroom and zoom in as he continues.
Inside, the girls are sitting up in bed. They look sadly at the doorway and each other.
Narrator says: "our girls are growing a little concerned."
Dissolve to the lab door again.
Narrator says: "Not to mention,  lonely."
Dissolve to the girls asleep on the floor, with their blankets pulled up. Now the hallway is lighted—morning has come. They are shaken awake by the sound of a tremendous explosion from inside the lab; a moment later, the door falls off its hinges and crashes to the floor. The Professor, covered with soot from head to toe, does likewise. His eyes are wide open.
Professor says: "I’ve done it!"
As he says this last, zoom in on the upraised hand. A small ball of red fur sits on this; it has tiny feet, a big smile, and eyes that dart all over the place.
Professor says: "I’ve created the perfect pet!"
It jumps to the floor in front of the girls, its eyes still moving everywhere. They look down at it with some puzzlement for a moment, but this quickly gives way to smiles and squeals of delight. It follows suit, and they bend over for a closer look as it bounces up and down.
Blossom says: "Oh, Professor, he’s perfect."
The Professor has recovered from the aftereffects of the explosion and is now standing up.
Professor says: "Yes."
Professor says: "The Biogenetically Engineered Experimental Bipedal Organism, or BEEBO as I like to call him, is perfect in every way."
The little furball starts bouncing into and out of view around him as he continues, and the tops of the girls’ heads move after it.
Professor says: "He knows a variety of tricks."
Professor says: "He makes no waste."
Professor says: "He will never grow old."
Professor says: "He’s playful, loving, and not to mention one of the cutest little guys in the world."
On the latter part of this, it and the girls stop. Now he holds out one hand and becomes stern; the creature jumps onto his palm as he continues.
Professor says: "But, girls, there’s one thing you must remember about BEEBO."
Professor says: "Now, get out of here, you little scamps."
He drops BEEBO to the floor, and the camera turns down to follow it. It bounces o.c., and the girls zip after it.
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
then stops says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
now we see what she has been working on says: "a makeover for BEEBO."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
then stops says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
now we see what she has been working on says: "Its fur is now in ringlets, and it wears makeup; the bow sits on top, after the fashion of Blossom’s hair."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
then stops says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
now we see what she has been working on says: "She looks down lovingly at her work—"
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
then stops says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
now we see what she has been working on says: "“aw, ain’t that cute?"
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "”—"
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "”—"
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "”—"
then stops says: "”—"
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "”—"
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "”—"
now we see what she has been working on says: "”—"
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
then stops says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
now we see what she has been working on says: "and is rewarded for it when BEEBO jumps into her hands."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
then stops says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
now we see what she has been working on says: "She cradles it happily, but the joy gives way to concern when she looks down at it."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
then stops says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
now we see what she has been working on says: "Now it looks rather miserable and pitiful; she thinks for a second, and she smiles and snaps her fingers."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: "She zips away."
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: "She zips away."
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: "She zips away."
then stops says: "She zips away."
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: "She zips away."
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: "She zips away."
now we see what she has been working on says: "She zips away."
(Wipe to the bedroom says: ")"
where Blossom is hard at work in front of the mirror. She wields ribbons says: ")"
cosmetics at lightning speed for a while says: ")"
then stops says: ")"
thinks very hard. Her face brightens—she has the idea she has been groping for—and she reaches o.c. says: ")"
coming up with a small yellow bow. She sets this in place says: ")"
now we see what she has been working on says: ")"
Cut to BEEBO on the kitchen floor, still looking unhappy. Pull back and pan right to the sound of plates and silverware rattling, and stop at the refrigerator. Blossom is digging around inside, and she comes up with a green apple. The creature brightens at the sight of this and jumps up to eat it out of her hand. The whole thing is gone in an instant, it chews happily as she watches. Suddenly its size increases slightly, surprising Blossom for a moment, but she soon cuddles it happily again.
Wipe to Buttercup standing outside the house and zoom in on her. She throws BEEBO against the wall; it lands feet first and bounces back toward her. Jumping up to catch it in midair, she lets fly once again. The solo game of catch goes on for some time, after which she drops to the ground and rubs the ball’s top portion vigorously. BEEBO appears to enjoy the entire experience. Buttercup stands up and laughs silently to herself, but then becomes concerned; we see that the pet looks unhappy again.
The scene dissolves around it to the kitchen floor; the sound of plates and silverware is heard, and Buttercup’s shadow falls across the view. BEEBO’s face instantly brightens at her approach. She is holding a plate of chocolate cake, which is promptly devoured in no time flat. BEEBO sits on the empty plate, chewing happily; after a moment, it grows again. The increase in weight causes the plate to tip in her hands and a surprised expression to appear on her face, but she lifts it back to the horizontal and smiles.
Wipe to the bedroom. Now it is nighttime, and the camera zooms in slowly on Bubbles, who is fast asleep. A shadow advances across her; her eyes pop open in surprise, and on the floor is BEEBO, that same miserable look appearing again. Back to the kitchen floor a third time, but now BEEBO looks quite happy and is chewing on a midnight snack. Pull back to show Bubbles sitting next to it, with an empty refrigerator behind them. A pizza box is off to one side with several slices tumbled out onto the floor. BEEBO gets a little bigger, now perhaps half the size of Bubbles; she is surprised for a moment, then smiles and gives it another slice, which it promptly devours. Now it is her turn to love this thing to death.
Wipe to the exterior of the house at night. As the Narrator speaks, fade to morning, then to night, and finally to morning again.
Narrator says: "And so, as the days passed, the girls’ love for BEEBO just grew and grew."
Blossom says: "Ok, BEEBO."
Blossom says: "Come find us."
Inside, a very large ball of red fur pokes its eyes around a doorway. The whole of BEEBO jumps out and enters the room—it has grown considerably since we saw it last and has now sprouted stubby arms and legs. It looks back and forth, and the camera cuts to its perspective and pans slowly across the room. Blossom is the first to be seen, standing on a table with a lampshade on her head. Next is an armchair, with Buttercup’s head poking out among the cushions. Finally we see Bubbles standing on her head on another table; a flower stands up between her feet—she is doing her best vase impersonation.
Back to BEEBO, its face breaking into a big smile. It zips up and takes a chomp from Blossom’s lampshade; she laughs, and it jumps o.c. from the table.
Blossom says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Blossom says: "Ok, BEEBO."
Blossom says: "You found me."
Now it runs over to the other table and starts eating this. Bubbles stays in “character” for as long as she can, but finally breaks when it has almost reached her end.
Bubbles says: "You found me!"
Bubbles says: "Eek!"
On the end of this, she goes spinning o.c. and BEEBO grabs the flower in its mouth. Pull back to show her on the floor and Blossom still wearing the munched lampshade. The armchair is in the background; BEEBO is nowhere in sight. Around them, the room is a shambles. Zoom in on Buttercup’s hiding place as the sound of something very large failing is heard. BEEBO lands next to her, opens its mouth very wide, and lashes its tongue out like a frog. It pulls the entire chair toward itself, and Buttercup screams in fright.
Buttercup says: "Aah!"
Buttercup says: "Ok!"
Buttercup says: "You found me!"
She jumps clear just before the chair is swallowed whole. The creature rumbles a bit and grows once again; now it stands almost up to the ceiling. The girls land in front of it.
Blossom says: "Ok, BEEBO."
Blossom says: "Now you hide, and we’ll seek."
Head-on view of BEEBO running down the hall; its eyes dart back and forth, and it turns left o.c. Its footsteps thunder away, then return as it crosses to the other side of the hall.
Girls says: "98, 99, 100."
Girls says: "Ready or not, here we come!"
They fly out into the hall and approach the camera. Looking in both directions, they turn right and fly o.c.; cut to a doorway as they pass it. A picture in the room is missing a corner and has been knocked askew. They back up and gasp in shock; cut to a slow pan across the room. Huge bites have been taken out of everything—pictures, chairs, tables, the TV, the bookshelves. The far wall shows a huge hole in an instantly recognizable shape, as do the walls of the next several rooms in line. After the camera has panned across the entire room, it quickly moves back to this.
The girls fly through the hole, and the camera cuts to a side view of them and follows as they float through room after room. Each has been ransacked and its contents used for a light snack. They stop at the smashed wall separating the living room and the front yard and gasp; cut to the Professor as he pokes his head around a doorframe.
Professor says: "Oh, girls, it’s time for—"
Professor says: "Holy cow!"
On the end of this, pull back quickly through all the holes BEEBO smashed in the walls on its way out. Bits of the house now litter the yard and the street. Back to the living room, where the Professor confronts the girls.
Professor says: "Girls, what is this hole?"
Girls says: "What hole?"
Professor says: "Don’t play dumb."
Bubbles says: "We’re not."
Bubbles says: "We’re playing hide-and-seek with BEEBO."
Professor says: "And where is BEEBO?"
Bubbles says: "Well, if we knew that, it wouldn’t be hide-and-seek."
The Professor looks rather nonplussed, then lets out a weary sigh.
Professor says: "Oh, ok."
Professor says: "Just answer me this."
Professor says: "Did you remember to feed BEEBO only once?"
Girls says: "Yes."
Buttercup says: "I did."
Blossom says: "I did."
Bubbles says: "I did?"
Girls says: "Whoops."
Professor says: "“Whoops” is right."
Professor says: "You see, girls, by feeding BEEBO more than once, you’ve tricked his brain into thinking it needs to constantly eat."
Professor says: "I designed BEEBO to need to eat once and only once in his entire lifetime, but now that you’ve triggered this compulsive eating habit, there’s no telling what he’ll do."
Buttercup says: "Duh."
Buttercup says: "He’ll eat."
Buttercup says: "What’s so bad about that?"
Cut to a handful of screaming people being lifted into BEEBO’s mouth. A passenger train barrels down the track and meets a similar fate, rolling straight into the mouth as if entering a tunnel. Now the creature clamps its lips around a building and tears the upper portion loose, swallowing this in one monstrous gulp and looking rather happy about it. The observatory is next to get chomped, followed by another building and a busload of people. The bus has been torn in half; BEEBO eats the people by shaking them out as if tipping out potato chips from a bag.
Cut to a close-up of the hotline in the living room as it begins to buzz. Part of Bubbles’ head can be seen at left.
Blossom picks up the call.
Blossom says: "He-Hello?"
Mayor says: "Hi, Blossom."
Mayor says: "How are you?"
She lets out a relieved sigh, smiles, and looks back at her sisters, who pick up on her mood.
Blossom says: "Oh."
Blossom says: "I’m fine."
Blossom says: "And how are you?"
Mayor says: "Oh, I’m great."
Mayor says: "Just great."
Mayor says: "In fact—"
Ms. Bellum interrupts him and blows her cool for the first time since this series began.
Ms. Bellum says: "What do you mean, just great?"
Ms. Bellum says: "What about that giant furbag that’s eating the town?"
Ms. Bellum says: "What’s wrong with you?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Why do you think you called the girls in the first place?"
Ms. Bellum says: "The town is in danger."
Ms. Bellum says: "We need their help!"
The following two lines are said at the same time.
Blossom says: "Is everything ok in there?"
Ms. Bellum says: "and why I need to keep covering for you!"
Mayor says: "What?"
Mayor says: "I can’t hear you."
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum is yelling."
Ms. Bellum says: "I’m yelling because we’re about to be—"
Ms. Bellum says: "Aah!"
Over the line, we hear her scream and a great commotion in the office, coupled with a loud animal sound. The noise lasts for some seconds.
Blossom says: "Mayor?"
Blossom says: "Mayor?"
Blossom says: "Mayor?"
Cut to Townsville Hall, where BEEBO has the dome’s spire in one hand and its other plunged inside, feeling around. Ms. Bellum and the Mayor are lifted out—his head and her legs protrude from the closed fist.
Mayor says: "Should we call the girls?"
Cut to the girls in flight, approaching the overgrown pet.
Blossom says: "No, BEEBO, no!"
Blossom says: "Don’t eat—"
Girls says: "Mayor!"
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Bellum!"
Buttercup says: "That’s it."
Buttercup says: "Let’s get him."
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "Don’t hurt him."
Bubbles says: "I love him."
Buttercup says: "But—"
Blossom says: "Bubbles is right."
Blossom says: "He’s our pet."
Blossom says: "It’s our fault he’s like this."
Blossom says: "Let me talk to him."
Cut to an extreme close-up of her in flight, pulling back.
Narrator says: "And so, with her ultra-super-negotiating powers, Blossom tries to soothe the savage beast."
Cut to BEEBO, with a piece of a building in hand.
Blossom says: "BEEBO?"
Long pause, after which it leans forward and eats her. Pan quickly to the other two, looking on.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Buttercup says: "Blossom!"
[Animation goof says: "Bubbles’ mouth does not move on this line."
Buttercup says: "That’s it!"
Bubbles says: "No!"
Long overhead view of one street. Buttercup flies along it.
Buttercup says: "You hungry, BEEBO?"
Just as she is about to hit the camera, her eyes go wide with surprise. She has just enough time to gasp before flying directly into BEEBO’s open mouth.
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Now it turns around sees Bubbles and charges down the street to chase her. Her pigtails standing on end, she screams and takes off, but its footsteps—heavy enough to register at least a 2.0 on the Richter scale—quickly thunder up behind her. As BEEBO chases this would-be bite to eat, its stomach begins to rumble and it looks a bit sick, moaning softly. Bubbles ducks into an alley and finds herself backed up against a brick wall. She gasps as the colossal shadow falls on her and its owner licks its chops. Zoom in slowly on her.
Bubbles says: "No, BEEBO."
Bubbles says: "No!"
Bubbles says: "I love you!"
Cut back and forth between close-ups of BEEBO and Bubbles three times. The creature’s expression changes from avarice to confusion to affection; Bubbles’ face shifts gradually from fear to love. Side view of the two, smiling broadly at one another for a long moment. The mood is spoiled when BEEBO lashes out its tongue and swallows her.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "With the girls devoured, could this be Townsville’s darkest hour?"
Narrator says: "Oh, I hope everything comes out good in the end."
It leaves the alley and heads off down the street, but does not get very far before its stomach starts to rumble again. Now it is in severe distress, and it stops. It begins to swell out of all proportion, becoming a huge ball of fur that stands taller than the buildings on either side and wide enough to block the entire street. Finally it disappears in a mushroom cloud that bathes the entire block in a sick glare.
All the things and people BEEBO ate tumble to the ground, landing every which way in the street. The buildings are covered with muck. Pan right across the chaos; a dog drops into view and lands in the wreckage. Stop on the girls, lying on their stomachs on the pavement and looking very bewildered. Ms. Bellum sits on an upturned car nearby; the Mayor hangs by his coattails from a bent STOP sign. Long silence, during which the girls look at each other.
Girls says: "BEEBO go boom."
Ms. Bellum says: "Wait, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "Look."
They look off to that side; camera shifts to point straight up from the ground. Hundreds of smaller copies of the pet are tumbling from the sky.
Girls says: "It’s raining BEEBOs!"
Cut to an empty patch of sky. Pairs of hands reach up into view and catch the creatures. The first several to do so each cry out, “I want one.”; this gives way to excited chatter and soothing words to the new pets. Cut to the girls, the Mayor, and Ms. Bellum at the front of the crowd. All have BEEBOs in hand—or on head, in the case of Bubbles and the Mayor. The latter is now on the ground. The happiness is cut short by the Professor’s hand being lifted into view.
Professor says: "WAIT!"
Head-on view of him, slumped over in the street and out of breath.
Professor says: "I got here as fast as I could."
Professor says: "Hold on."
Professor says: "Give—"
Professor says: "Give me a sec."
Professor says: "I—"
Professor says: "Oh…  But thanks to the failsafe I built into his system, instead of ceasing to exist, he just broke into the many cute little guys you hold in your hands."
Now he drops into doomsayer mode.
Professor says: "But heed my word, citizens of Townsville."
Mayor says: "Oh, okay, I get it."
Mayor says: "Once a day."
Professor says: "No."
Professor says: "Once."
Mayor says: "Got it."
Mayor says: "Cool."
Side view of the Professor next to the crowd. He grabs hold of the BEEBO in the Mayor’s hands.
Professor says: "Mayor, you can’t have one."
Professor says: "Give me those."
[Dialogue goof says: "the Professor meant to say "give me that"."
[Dialogue goof says: "But it's possible the Mayor was holding more than one, but only one was visible."
He and everyone else laugh, including the Narrator. The Mayor looks sad at being the butt of the joke. After some seconds, the Narrator cuts himself off.
Narrator says: "Hey, what’s so funny?"
Narrator says: "I didn’t get one, either."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again, the day is saved thanks to the Powerpuff Girls."
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"