Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "A handsome hamlet bustling with life."
A fellow whose clothes suggest he might be from Texas steps to the corner, looks down at his watch, and whistles to hail a passing taxi. Overhead view of a coffee cup on a table as it is picked up; during the next line, pull back to show it held by one of three laughing people seated around an outdoor table at a café.
Narrator says: "A beautiful burg where the sound of laughter fills the air."
Other customers laugh as well. A young man and woman, lost in each other’s eyes, walk along in front of the café.
Narrator says: "But tread lightly, young lovers."
The ground shakes; they look up in shock as a shadow covers them, and he jumps into her arms.
Narrator says: "Beauty walks the razor’s edge in this broken borough."
(Cut to the shadow’s source as it moves into view says: "a towering gray lizard beast with seven eyes."
(Cut to the shadow’s source as it moves into view says: ")"
Narrator says: "And terror is just around the corner!"
The creature spits an energy beam from its mouth toward the ground. Flames and screams start to rise toward it as it smiles maliciously. A man runs near one of its feet.
Narrator says: "Someone, do something!"
The monster only smiles. At a newsstand, a man has his head buried in a paper while the proprietor closes up shop.
Narrator says: "Oh, man!"
Narrator says: "This carnage is creeping me out!"
The newspaper reader looks up, alarmed. Cut to just outside the front doors of Malph’s Market; they slide open and an old woman slowly emerges.
Old woman says: "Run for your lives!"
Narrator says: "What’s wrong with you people?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Get ahold of yourselves!"
Said driver takes a flying leap and crashes out through the door, the camera panning back toward the rear of the bus as he does so to show all the passengers also in terror. The vehicle speeds o.c. to the sound of a crash; pull back to show that it has just gone over the side of the bridge and is plummeting toward the water. As the passengers’ screams tear the air, cut to just outside a donut shop. Two cops step outside and look, still carrying their sinkers and coffee. During the next line, they get the full measure of what they are up against.
Narrator says: "Ohh…isn’t anyone brave enough to stand up to this terrible tyrant?!"
Narrator says: "!"
The cops retreat slowly to the donut shop, the doors slamming shut once they are in. Now the beast lifts one giant foot.
Narrator says: "Looks like this is Sayonara, Townsville!"
The foot comes down and crushes a building. The monster laughs over the destruction, but is suddenly cut off by a piece of debris that is flung into view to strike it in the head.
Narrator says: "But wait!"
Narrator says: "What’s this?"
Narrator says: "Someone has issued a challenge!"
Narrator says: "It’s the Powerpuff Girls!"
They land a blow that knocks the monster off balance for a moment. When it stands upright, there is a bit of drool on its lower lip; it wipes this away and roars. The girls go in for another pass, but the monster is ready this time—it claps its hands, sending out waves of energy from them. The girls gasp sharply, an instant before the blinding glare of the assault washes over them and fills the screen. When it fades away, we see a close-up of Buttercup, motionless in midair, smoke curling up from her, and looking as if a hand grenade just went off in her lap.
Buttercup says: "Ow."
She drops o.c. Blossom, floating behind her and in the same condition, tumbles down a moment later. Behind her is an equally disheveled Bubbles, who falls last. Cut to an empty patch of ground; they slam down in this same order, and the monster rumbles with evil laughter. The girls get to their feet, their clothes and hair back in order and their arms outstretched. Blossom starts to whirl in place, not unlike the tornado spin used by Buttercup in “Powerpuff Bluff”; her sisters do likewise after a moment, and all three drill straight down into the pavement and sink from sight.
The creature brings a foot down on the spot just after they have tunneled under. It stands, puzzled, as its entire body starts to shake. Cut to the level of its head; the girls smash their way out the top—they have drilled up through the entire body—and fly o.c. as smoke rises from the ruptured cranium. The monster drops o.c. like a felled tree.
Narrator says: "Wow!"
Narrator says: "That got him!"
The camera shakes with the force of the crash. Quick pan/turn down to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum in front of the Townsville Hall colonnade. She holds a large gold key with a T worked into its head—the key to the city as seen in “Bought and Scold.” The vanquished monster lies in a pile of rubble at a distance behind them.
Mayor says: "Yeah!"
Mayor says: "Oh, man, you girls sure are brave."
Mayor says: "Here—"
Mayor says: "have the city!"
He laughs a bit as Ms. Bellum holds the key out to them. Cut to a long shot of the skyline, the camera pulled back into the suburbs. It is now sunset.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville…  Another monster is defeated; another villain is thwarted; another disaster is averted."
Cut to inside the front door. On the next line, they burst in through it and fly to the bathroom to brush their teeth. When they arrive there, they have changed into their nightgowns. The counter area now features three new things—towel rings, heart-shaped sinks, and footstools so the girls can reach the counter—and its door leads to the bedroom. Bubbles has Octi on the counter and brushes the doll’s teeth rather than her own.
Narrator says: "And the fearless, brave, unshakable Powerpuff Girls…are settling in for the night."
Buttercup says: "Did you see the way I drilled that sucker?"
Buttercup says: "And to think you ever doubted me."
Bubbles says: "Oh, no."
Bubbles says: "I only got worried when you screamed and panicked."
Buttercup says: "I did not panic!"
Buttercup says: "I was tricking him into a false sense of security."
Bubbles says: "Oh."
Bubbles says: "I just thought you were scared."
Buttercup says: "I was not scared!"
Buttercup says: "I am never scared!"
Bubbles says: "Oh…okay."
Bubbles says: "Hey, what’s that on your dress?"
Close-up of Buttercup. Something black and insect-looking has appeared on the front of her nightgown, but she does not immediately notice it.
Buttercup says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "SPIDER!!"
She brushes herself down, and the black thing disappears.
Buttercup says: "Huh?"
Bubbles says: "Oops."
Bubbles says: "I guess it was just a spot."
Bubbles says: "Wow, you really freaked."
Buttercup says: "I did not!"
Bubbles says: "Did too."
Buttercup says: "Shut up, Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "You’re scared of everything."
Bubbles says: "No, I’m not!"
Buttercup says: "Yes, you are."
Bubbles says: "No, I’m not!"
Throughout this entire scene, Blossom occasionally looks toward whichever girl is speaking. When the “no, I’m not/yes, you are” begins, she does so on each successive line. Cut to a close-up of her as she continues in this manner.
Buttercup says: "Yes, you are!"
Buttercup says: "Yes, you are!"
Blossom says: "GIRLS!!"
Blossom says: "Now look."
Blossom says: "It doesn’t matter if anyone was scared."
Blossom says: "We’ve all got superpowers."
Blossom says: "And as long as we stick together, we can overcome our fears."
She smiles at this bit of wisdom. Pause. The next lines cause her face to fall again.
Buttercup says: "Yes, you are!"
Bubbles says: "No, I’m not!"
Buttercup says: "Yes, you are!"
Bubbles says: "No, I’m not!"
Professor says: "Girls, time for bed."
Around him, the scene dissolves to the darkened bedroom; the sky outside the windows has dimmed to night. On the next line, turn down to the bed, where the girls are tucked in.
Professor says: "You’ve gotta get lots of rest if you’re going to pass that test tomorrow."
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Blossom says: "The test!"
Blossom says: "I forgot to study!"
Professor says: "Oh, well, I’m sure it’s just a review."
Blossom says: "I haven’t reviewed anything!"
Blossom says: "I’ve been saving lives all day!"
Bubbles says: "Don’t worry, Blossom."
Bubbles says: "You’re the smartest girl in Townsville."
Blossom says: "That’s only because I study so much!"
Pull back across the room; the Professor walks to the door. A nightlight glows near it—an alternative to leaving the hall lights on for Bubbles.
Professor says: "You’ll be just fine."
Professor says: "Sweet dreams, girls."
He pulls the door shut behind himself; cut to a close-up of Bubbles. The hinges creak o.c.
Professor says: "Almost forgot."
Professor says: "Power shortage."
He flips a wall switch, and the nightlight goes out.
Professor says: "Good night."
He closes the door again; back to the bed, where Bubbles immediately whimpers a bit at losing her light. She turns to face the wall—she is sleeping in the section near the windows—and sees a gangling, grinning clown doll crumpled on a chair in the corner of the room. It wears a belled cap and ruff collar. She whimpers some more and clutches Octi tightly to herself; a slow creak of hinges draws her attention away from the clown doll. It is coming from somewhere past the foot of the bed. She gasps softly; cut to her perspective. At the other end of the room, the open closet door swings shut.
Back to Bubbles, who gasps again and pulls the covers up over her head. She shakes beneath them as the camera pans slowly across the bed. Blossom, in the middle section, is asleep but sweating.
The camera continues its pan and stops on Buttercup, in the section near the door. She is wide awake and holding a can of insecticide; she sprays herself, then tosses it aside and settles down to sleep. Pull back slowly to frame the entire room—the clown doll is gone from its chair in the corner. The silence is broken by the effeminate laughter of “Him” as what little light there is goes red and a ribbon of pink mist swirls in through one of the windows.
“Him” says: "…pleasant screams."
His laughter grows more manic and high-pitched as the camera pulls back. Everything around the bed fades out to leave it in a solitary pool of red light, after which the bed and the light do likewise to black out the screen.
Snap to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten during the day. The front door is open; cut to inside it. The colors are very muted and gray, and the lights are dim. A beaming and fully dressed Blossom, also grayed out, comes up the walk to the door. However, her good cheer gives way to a stunned look once she is inside. In front of her is a room filled with kids who glare at her from their seats with pure hostility—including her sisters. A single empty chair is in the middle of the room, sitting within a single shaft of light from overhead; Ms. Keane stands by this with the same harsh look. When she speaks, her tone is soft but menacing.
Ms. Keane says: "Blossom!"
Ms. Keane says: "We were just talking about you."
Ms. Keane says: "Please, take your seat."
Blossom advances nervously into the room and sits down.
Ms. Keane says: "Children, can anyone tell me what today is?"
When the kids speak, they look and sound as if they are hypnotized.
Class says: "Yes, Ms."
Class says: "Keane."
Ms. Keane says: "What is today?"
Class says: "Today is report card day, Ms."
Class says: "Keane."
Ms. Keane says: "That’s right."
Ms. Keane says: "And can anyone tell me why report card day is soooo special?"
Class says: "Yes, Ms."
Class says: "Keane."
Ms. Keane says: "Why?"
Class says: "Because report cards are the single most important determining factor to consider when judging the worth of an individual’s life."
Ms. Keane says: "That’s right!"
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "What’s going on?"
Ms. Keane says: "So, therefore, if one gets bad grades, one’s life is worthless."
Ms. Keane says: "Correct?"
Class says: "That is correct, Ms."
Class says: "Keane."
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Ms. Keane says: "You have something to share with the class?"
Blossom shakes her head silently.
Ms. Keane says: "How appropriate that it’s you who should interrupt."
Ms. Keane says: "Once again you’ve failed to pay attention."
Blossom says: "Me?"
Blossom says: "I always pay at—"
Ms. Keane says: "Now you’ve failed to communicate."
Blossom says: "But you interrupted—"
Ms. Keane says: "You’ve failed to cooperate."
Blossom says: "I’m trying, but you—"
Ms. Keane says: "You’ve failed to prepare."
Blossom says: "But I always prepare!"
Ms. Keane says: "ARE YOU PREPARED TO FAIL?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
This catches Blossom flat-footed. Her eyes shine with fear.
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane, I-I—"
On this, last, the camera pulls back from her until it is behind the front desk. A report card with Blossom’s name lies on it; Ms. Keane picks this up.
Ms. Keane says: "Can anyone tell me what this is?"
Class says: "It’s a report card."
Ms. Keane says: "That’s right!"
She gives it to Blossom, who looks it over. Even though this is a kindergarten, the document lists her class level as preschool—adding insult to injury.
Blossom says: "I-I-I…but…I-I-I…but…Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane, I-I-I—"
Ms. Keane says: "It’s because you’ve failed, isn’t it?"
Blossom says: "I-I-I—"
(Ms. Keane snatches the report card away from Blossom says: "an F in every subject."
holds it in full view says: "an F in every subject."
(Ms. Keane snatches the report card away from Blossom says: ")"
holds it in full view says: ")"
Ms. Keane says: "BEHOLD!"
Now her tone and that of the other kids becomes increasingly venomous—though the kids still sound hypnotized.
Ms. Keane says: "Children, why is a report card so special?"
Class says: "Because report cards are the single most important determining factor to consider when judging the worth of an individual’s life."
Ms. Keane says: "That’s right!"
Ms. Keane says: "So what should we do with her?"
Class says: "A test!"
Class says: "A test!"
Class says: "A test!"
Class says: "A test!"
Class says: "A test!"
Class says: "A test!"
Blossom vacates her seat and zips to the front door; she tries to open it, but to no avail.
Blossom says: "What’s happening?!"
Blossom says: "!"
She looks behind herself and finds Ms. Keane and her classmates slowly advancing on her. Their eyes are glowing red—her sisters included. She tries the knob again, then rams the door and gets nothing for her trouble. Crumpled on the floor after this attempt, she backs up as far as she can as the collective shadow falls over her.
Blossom says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Dissolve to her in bed—this has been her nightmare. Now it is her turn to whimper in her sleep. Bubbles has dropped off and pushed the covers off her head. Blossom turns over, one of her arms falling across Buttercup and waking her up. Groaning, the latter sits up and coughs a bit.
Buttercup says: "I need some water."
(Cut to the darkened bathroom; the lights come on says: "a horde of arachnids descending the walls."
she approaches the counter. The colors are rather bluer than normal. She fills a handy glass says: "a horde of arachnids descending the walls."
drinks it down says: "a horde of arachnids descending the walls."
heads back toward the bedroom. A large spider scuttles across the floor in front of her; she gasps says: "a horde of arachnids descending the walls."
backs into a corner. The sound of more pests—many more—causes her to look up in alarm toward the source says: "a horde of arachnids descending the walls."
(Cut to the darkened bathroom; the lights come on says: "Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob."
she approaches the counter. The colors are rather bluer than normal. She fills a handy glass says: "Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob."
drinks it down says: "Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob."
heads back toward the bedroom. A large spider scuttles across the floor in front of her; she gasps says: "Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob."
backs into a corner. The sound of more pests—many more—causes her to look up in alarm toward the source says: "Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob."
(Cut to the darkened bathroom; the lights come on says: ")"
she approaches the counter. The colors are rather bluer than normal. She fills a handy glass says: ")"
drinks it down says: ")"
heads back toward the bedroom. A large spider scuttles across the floor in front of her; she gasps says: ")"
backs into a corner. The sound of more pests—many more—causes her to look up in alarm toward the source says: ")"
Cut to a creepy world of squares and random objects. In the middle of this is a door, which opens outward to reveal Buttercup in the bathroom—we are now watching her bad dream, whose first scene began when Blossom “woke her up.” She is back in her dress and normal colors, and she nearly tumbles over the threshold into the maelstrom. Only one foot and her hand on the knob keep her on balance. A gigantic spider crawls toward her from behind; she cries out and leaps into the chaos.
Buttercup says: "It’s a good thing I can fly-y-y!"
On the end of this, she loses her forward momentum and drops like a rock.
Buttercup says: "No, no, no!"
Buttercup says: "No, no, no, no!"
More of the same, giving way to a scream, as she falls toward a Spider-Gargantuar whose mouth gapes open, ready to catch her. She also flaps her arms furiously, trying to pull a Wile E. Coyote, and manage to catch the edge of a platform just short of the mandibles. Pulling herself up and out of their reach, she runs for it an instant before one of the legs slams down on the platform and the creature gives chase. She jumps a gap to reach another platform and races along for a while before tripping and landing flat on her face. When she stands up, she gasps at the sound of more spiders; four land around her, but she slips through an opening and starts running again. The four spiders pursue and are joined by several others.
(Cut to Bubbles in bed; she sits bolt upright says: "the room is quiet and free of any obvious malevolence."
gasping in fear. Pull back as she looks toward the rest of the bed says: "the room is quiet and free of any obvious malevolence."
where her sisters are sleeping like logs. Silence. A jingling of bells draws her attention toward the corner of the room; she notices the empty chair says: "the room is quiet and free of any obvious malevolence."
whimpers a bit. Her perspective says: "the room is quiet and free of any obvious malevolence."
(Cut to Bubbles in bed; she sits bolt upright says: "Back to the bed."
gasping in fear. Pull back as she looks toward the rest of the bed says: "Back to the bed."
where her sisters are sleeping like logs. Silence. A jingling of bells draws her attention toward the corner of the room; she notices the empty chair says: "Back to the bed."
whimpers a bit. Her perspective says: "Back to the bed."
(Cut to Bubbles in bed; she sits bolt upright says: ")"
gasping in fear. Pull back as she looks toward the rest of the bed says: ")"
where her sisters are sleeping like logs. Silence. A jingling of bells draws her attention toward the corner of the room; she notices the empty chair says: ")"
whimpers a bit. Her perspective says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Blossom?"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup?"
(The jingling is heard again says: "the closet door is ajar, but a shape is ducking inside and closing it."
this time from somewhere near Buttercup’s side. It seems to be coming from a couple of shelves filled with toys on that wall says: "the closet door is ajar, but a shape is ducking inside and closing it."
but nothing is moving. Another jingle brings her attention to the other end of the room. Her perspective says: "the closet door is ajar, but a shape is ducking inside and closing it."
(The jingling is heard again says: "Its gangling arms and legs betray it as the clown doll."
this time from somewhere near Buttercup’s side. It seems to be coming from a couple of shelves filled with toys on that wall says: "Its gangling arms and legs betray it as the clown doll."
but nothing is moving. Another jingle brings her attention to the other end of the room. Her perspective says: "Its gangling arms and legs betray it as the clown doll."
(The jingling is heard again says: "Back to her."
this time from somewhere near Buttercup’s side. It seems to be coming from a couple of shelves filled with toys on that wall says: "Back to her."
but nothing is moving. Another jingle brings her attention to the other end of the room. Her perspective says: "Back to her."
(The jingling is heard again says: ")"
this time from somewhere near Buttercup’s side. It seems to be coming from a couple of shelves filled with toys on that wall says: ")"
but nothing is moving. Another jingle brings her attention to the other end of the room. Her perspective says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Girls!"
Buttercup says: "Huh?"
Buttercup says: "Big baby."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: "a teddy bear stands on the foot of the bed, facing her."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: "It wears a clown’s pointed hat and a belled collar."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: "Pull back across the room to show her regarding it with no small degree of unease."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: "Close-up of the bear, then of her."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: "A few seconds pass before she manages to get some words out."
(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective says: ")"
Bubbles says: "Uh… H-Hi, little teddy bear."
Bubbles says: "Uh, what are you doing here?"
The bear stands mute, as one would expect an ordinary stuffed animal to do—its smile is perhaps a bit wider than before. What it does next definitely falls outside the range of normal teddy bear behavior, though. That smile stretches to reach from ear to ear, the lips parting to reveal a grin of pointed teeth; the ears grow to points; the hind legs become pointed as well; pincers sprout from the ends of the front legs and tear through the fabric covering—the overall impression is that “Him” has exerted his influence on it.  Bubbles watches, hands to her mouth to muffle her cry of surprise, as low, wicked laughter echoes through the room. While her sisters continue to sleep, the toys on the shelves have taken on their own sinister smiles. Now a brigade of toys runs out of the closet, each with a face that looks something like “Him”; the last one out is a long, jointed plastic snake with that same face. It coils around Bubbles and picks her up as the others watch, gathered around the bed.
Bubbles finally finds her voice. The remaining lines in this act are delivered at low volume.
Bubbles says: "B-Buttercup?"
Bubbles says: "Blossom?"
Blossom says: "What is it?"
Bubbles says: "Everything is trying to eat me."
Blossom says: "Look, whatever it is, it isn’t real."
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Bubbles says: "Not real."
Snap to black, which gives way to a view of the grinning toys as if an eye were being opened partway—this is Bubbles’ perspective. The teddy bear is at the front of the group. She closes her eyes again.
Bubbles says: "Not real."
She opens her eyes partway—now the toys are even closer—then closes them again.
Bubbles says: "Not real!"
She opens her eyes partway—the teddy bear’s face fills her field of vision—then closes them again.
Part Two.