Freeze frame of the park, where families are playing and picnicking.
Narrator says: "…is having quite a lovely Saturday, isn’t it?"
At the beach, we see another family enjoying the day.
Narrator says: "Just look at all the townspeople."
Narrator says: "What a perfect day for an outing!"
(Now a carnival is seen in full swing says: "cotton candy, rides, the whole deal."
(Now a carnival is seen in full swing says: "As the Narrator continues, dissolve to a man and his son on a fishing trip."
(Now a carnival is seen in full swing says: "Their dog is along for the ride."
(Now a carnival is seen in full swing says: ")"
Narrator says: "Ahh, you can just smell all the love and togetherness in the air."
Dissolve to the girls, asleep in their bed. Bubbles is cradling Octi, as usual. Zoom in slowly.
Narrator says: "And here we find our girls, sleeping in."
Narrator says: "Anxiously dreaming of their big day off with the Professor."
On this last, pan to the bedroom door, where the Professor has poked his head in. He steps in quietly and approaches the bed.
Narrator says: "Finally, some quality time to spend with their faithful father figure."
He kisses each girl on the forehead; they wake up when he does so.
Narrator says: "An opportunity to bond."
They sit up, stretch, and give him a hug during the next line.
Narrator says: "To learn."
Narrator says: "To love."
Dissolve to the kitchen; the girls are eating breakfast, with the Professor at the table as well. Blossom wipes her mouth with her napkin before each bite, and Buttercup slurps the milk from her cereal bowl. After a moment, he looks at his watch and taps it. The girls brighten and zip out of the room, returning a moment later. Blossom is first, wearing a red swimsuit with a white cross, and equipped with a rescue float and whistle—she is ready for lifeguard duty. Bubbles appears next, in a light blue suit with a black stripe, wearing her “floaties,” and carrying a pail and shovel. Last is Buttercup, tricked out in a black wetsuit and toting a boogie board. The Professor, meanwhile, has outfitted himself with a snorkel, mask, fins, and an inflatable animal float around his waist. He also wears a T-shirt emblazoned with the words “BEACH BUM.”.
Dissolve to the driveway, where he is trying to stuff a beach umbrella into the back of the already-jammed car. Blossom flies up and succeeds in stowing it away. Bubbles closes the rear hatch, and Buttercup flies out of the house with the car keys. Just after she gives them to him, the hotline is heard buzzing. Pull back quickly; the phone is seen inside the house at the window. The girls float out of view.
[Animation goof says: "In this sequence, Bubbles’ suit is the two-piece she wore in “Uh Oh Dynamo."
Out in the driveway again, the Professor now looks as if all the air has been let out of him. We hear the hotline being picked up and hung up. The girls float past him, back in their dresses and looking equally dejected. Blossom and Buttercup take off; Bubbles waves sadly to him before going after them. He hangs his head and trudges back into the house as the camera pulls back to show its exterior. The door slams. So much for their beach day. Ruined by the Girls being needed to protect Townsville.
Day fades into night, and the girls float back to the front door and enter the house. Their eyes go wide in surprise and sadness; cut to the dining room table, set for a full meal complete with candelabra—the candles have burned out. The Professor is heard snoring o.c., and the camera pans slowly across the scene to show him asleep in his chair, with an empty plate before him. The girls trade a sad, worried look, then gently wrap his arms around them and close their eyes. Now he wakes up and smiles; cut to inside the darkened bedroom. The door opens, and we see the silhouette of him, carrying the girls, in the light from the hall. Cut to the exterior of the house, the bedroom windows now lit, as the sound of bedclothes being turned down is heard. After a moment, the lights snap off.
Night fades into day. Cut to an extreme close-up of bubbling green liquid and pull back to show this as a test tube that the Professor is watching intently. He wears protective goggles. As the bubbling continues, he brings an eyedropper down to the tube and carefully squeezes out a drop of red liquid. The mixture begins to bubble more vigorously, and he smiles; a few seconds later, the activity fizzles out and his face falls.
Pull back; he is at a table in the lab. To his right, our left, are a pencil and paper. The test tube is in front of him, and a book sits open to his left. He picks up the paper, regards it for a long moment, then flips through the book. While his back is turned, Bubbles peeks over the edge of the table and swipes the pencil. He puts the paper down and, without looking to his right, feels around on the counter. Not finding the pencil, he looks over there, then fishes around in an unseen drawer to get another one. He begins to write on the paper, during which Blossom peeks over the edge, taps him on the arm, and ducks out of sight. Now he looks briefly over his shoulder and goes back to his writing.
He stops to leaf through the book again, and Buttercup’s head pokes up. She too taps him on the arm and ducks back. He looks over to that side, and Bubbles quickly slips a squeaky stuffed animal—a unicorn—onto the table. When he looks back at this, his eyes widen; behind him, all three girls peek up. He smiles and yawns a bit, and they duck away again. Now he starts writing once more, and a hand reaches into view to push the squeaky toy closer to him. As he works, all three girls peek up at him; he glances back in that direction, and they duck again. A pink elephant piggy bank is placed on the table to his right—the coins inside jingle when it is set down—and another doll, a dog, is slipped into his left. A giraffe appears next to the elephant.
The Professor finally stops writing and looks at the objects, smiling over these new additions to his workspace. The smile gives way to puzzlement—where are those girls?—and he ducks down to rummage under the counter. While his attention is occupied, the girls descend into view from above. Buttercup tips a few drops of orange juice into the test tube, and they quickly rise out of sight again. The tube begins to bubble and sing like a tea kettle.
When the Professor stands up, it takes a moment for him to notice the tube’s activity. Surprise registers on his face—and a moment later, a burst of foam sprays from the tube and douses him. He opens his eyes through the muck and walks o.c. Blossom peeks up and grabs the paper and the second pencil; Bubbles replaces these with a ragged-looking sheet. The Professor returns, his face clean, and gathers up all the animals, then eyes the sheet. He picks this up as well and studies it again before tucking it away in his coat pocket and walking o.c. The girls peek over the table, looking very worried, as he climbs the stairs to leave the lab. They trade nervous, slightly panicked looks, as if fearing they may have overplayed their hand.
After the Professor has left, the girls fly up the stairs and poke their heads through the doorway, one by one. Their eyes dart from side to side, and they fly through. He is on them in an instant, tickling them on the living room floor. They keep laughing for a moment after he stops, then throws calculated looks at each other and cunning smiles to him. Camera shifts to him, looking very much caught on the spot, then to the open lab door. The girls fly back and forth in front of this, tickling him and carrying him along. An o.c. crash shakes the camera; cut to him on the floor, smiling with his hand to the side of his head as the girls laugh.
[Note says: "In the preceding, the girls are not actually heard laughing."
[Note says: "Think of this scene—"
[Note says: "and nearly the whole of Part One—"
[Note says: "as a sort of silent movie."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "it is a movie advertisement that reads “TV Puppet Pals—"
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "it is a movie advertisement that reads “TV Puppet Pals—"
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "Movie Puppet Pals: The Movie—"
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "Movie Puppet Pals: The Movie—"
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "In 3-D—"
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "In 3-D—"
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "Now Playing."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "Now Playing."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "” It shows Puppet Pals Clem and Mitch, the latter holding his bonking stick."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "” It shows Puppet Pals Clem and Mitch, the latter holding his bonking stick."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "After a moment, it is lowered out of view and the girls are seen with the sweetest expressions they can muster."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "After a moment, it is lowered out of view and the girls are seen with the sweetest expressions they can muster."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "They float up off the floor, and he stands up as well with a quiet, stern look."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "They float up off the floor, and he stands up as well with a quiet, stern look."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "He turns and walks o."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "He turns and walks o."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "c."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "c."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "; we see the lab door slam, and the girls hang their heads sadly."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "; we see the lab door slam, and the girls hang their heads sadly."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "A moment later, the door opens and he leans out, smiling and jingling his car keys."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "A moment later, the door opens and he leans out, smiling and jingling his car keys."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: "They instantly perk up."
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: "They instantly perk up."
(Bubbles pulls the ragged paper out of his pocket says: ")"
holds it in front of his face. Close-up says: ")"
Cut to the exterior of the house. The garage door opens, and the car pulls out. It parks in front of the theater’s box office; turn up from this to the marquee, displaying the film’s title. In the lobby, the Professor walks along while the girls dance around him excitedly. One of the posters on the wall behind them shows a picture of Don Shank. The family reaches the concession stand; close-up of the popcorn popper under the counter in high gear. The girls fly into view on the side of the machine across from the camera. Blossom eyes the corn eagerly, Bubbles licks her chops, and Buttercup presses her face against the glass. The camera follows them as they float up to the level of the counter and smile pleadingly at the Professor. He comes up with a fistful of cash.
Head-on view of the auditorium doors, seen from inside. They swing open, and the girls fly in eagerly. The Professor’s arms are loaded with popcorn, sodas, and candy. Pull back; he makes his way slowly down the aisle, a couple of kids running around in front of him. The house is packed, and the girls have already found seats. Bubbles is jumping up and down on hers, looking back at the goodies on their way.
(Head-on view of the screen says: "black background with white lettering."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "“TV PUPPET PALS IN” appears, changing to “MOVIE PUPPET PALS” in huge letters."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "Below this: “THE MOVIE” in smaller type."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "Next: “IN”—"
(Head-on view of the screen says: "small type—"
(Head-on view of the screen says: "then “3-D” in red and blue, zooming toward the camera."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "This gives way to Mitch bonking Clem over the head repeatedly."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "In the audience, the Professor looks down o."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "c."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "toward the girls, his 3-D glasses propped on his forehead."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "The camera turns down and pans across them, glasses in place to get the full effect."
(Head-on view of the screen says: "Blossom has the popcorn, Buttercup has the soda, Bubbles has the candy."
(Head-on view of the screen says: ")"
On screen, Mitch pokes his bonking stick toward the camera; the crowd cries out in laughter. The screen is suddenly ripped apart, and a huge reddish-pink creature with white hair and one eye leans through it into the theater and roars. The crowd applauds this as well, but their cheers give way to screams when the monster snaps a man out of his seat and begins eating him, proving that this wasn't part of the movie. People run everywhere; the girls and the Professor, however, remain seated, shock was written on each of their faces. The girls look toward him; after a moment, he smiles sadly and they take off through the hole in the screen—now vacated by the monster—to dispatch the threat. He stands up and looks after them, hanging his head.
Dissolve to the exterior of the house. The garage door opens, and the car pulls in. Ground-level view of the Professor stepping to the front door; we hear his keys jingle, and he opens the door and enters. He walks into the house very slowly, dropping the keys to the floor as he goes. He sits down heavily, head bowed, and looks over at an end table. On it is a picture of the family from a previous vacation. A building resembling a castle is in the background; all four wear hats with moose antlers and appear to be thoroughly enjoying themselves. Bubbles has an all-day sucker.
He picks up the picture and looks at it for a long moment, and grim resolve makes itself visible on his face. Cut to the lab door, slamming shut, and zoom in slowly. Behind it, various hand and power tools can be heard at work. Fade to black.
Part Two.