Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "A safe haven for all."
Turn down quickly to the Townsville Bank as a crash of glass is heard. An alarm screams out.
Narrator says: "Except when the bank is being robbed!"
Inside, three men in orange jumpsuits hold the customers at gunpoint. They wear stockings over their faces. One has red hair and a ragged beard, and the others—one white, one black—are very muscular.
Red-haired robber says: "This is a holdup, everybody!"
Red-haired robber says: "Freeze!"
A woman screams, prompting the people in the bank to do the exact opposite of what they have been told and panic. The red-haired robber fires several shots into the air; now the camera is close enough to show numbers on the clothing of two of the three. Red-hair wears 253; the black man has 002. These are prison inmates on the run.
Red-haired robber says: "I said, freeze!"
Red-haired robber says: "That’s more like it."
Red-haired robber says: "Now let’s see."
Cut to his perspective of the teller counter. First is a man with a bow tie.
253 says: "No…  Well, hello."
253 says: "Hand it over, Sweet Cheeks!"
The teller turns around—it is actually a cardboard cutout decoy, with Blossom on the other side, waiting to pounce. She has a very smug smile on her face as she springs her ambush.
Blossom says: "Who you calling Sweet Cheeks?"
She breaks the straps she has been using to hold the cutout erect. The vault door is kicked open; Bubbles and Buttercup are inside. Back to Blossom, ready to deliver a crushing blow, on the next line.
253 says: "Uh-oh."
Blossom lets fly and the screen explodes into a flash of light. When it clears, Bubbles is slamming 002 back and forth on the ground. Buttercup lands a flying kick to the face of the beefy white robber, and the three are seen collapsed in a heap on the floor.
Narrator says: "Ho-ho, girls."
Narrator says: "Nice job."
Cut to a high-rise with a wraparound sign that reads “Townsville Jewelry.” A large ring spins on the roof.
Narrator says: "It’s the Townsville Jewelry Store."
A crash of glass; turn down to street level, where the three criminals, still masked, have sacks slung over their shoulders. The alarm goes off.
Narrator says: "And it’s being robbed!"
They dash down the street and stop in an alley, then look around to make sure they are alone and open the bags. The girls pop out one at a time, one from each bag and adorned with various bits of finery. Once again, they had been lying in wait. Blossom and Bubbles have smug smiles on their faces while Buttercup shows a scowl. Pull back to the robbers’ perspective as they each pull their arm back to deliver the knockout.
Robbers says: "Uh-oh."
They are knocked out with one blow, and again we see them piled on the ground. The cell door slams shut as the Narrator speaks.
Narrator says: "Strike two, you thugs."
Narrator says: "What’s going on at the Mayor’s house?"
(A piercing scream is heard from within says: "017."
we see a close-up of the Mayor inside says: "017."
with the criminals gathered around him. When he stops screaming says: "017."
pull back quickly; he is tied to a chair. 253 has a gun pointed at him. The big white guy’s number is now seen says: "017."
(A piercing scream is heard from within says: "They still wear their masks."
we see a close-up of the Mayor inside says: "They still wear their masks."
with the criminals gathered around him. When he stops screaming says: "They still wear their masks."
pull back quickly; he is tied to a chair. 253 has a gun pointed at him. The big white guy’s number is now seen says: "They still wear their masks."
(A piercing scream is heard from within says: ")"
we see a close-up of the Mayor inside says: ")"
with the criminals gathered around him. When he stops screaming says: ")"
pull back quickly; he is tied to a chair. 253 has a gun pointed at him. The big white guy’s number is now seen says: ")"
Mayor says: "Take anything you want!"
Mayor says: "Just don’t hurt Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum!"
253 says: "Ms."
253 says: "Bellum, huh?"
253 says: "What do you say I call you…Sweet Cheeks?"
Mayor says: "Oh, call me anything you want, but just rob me and go away!"
Quick close-ups of several items as he names them.
Mayor says: "Jewels, perhaps?"
Mayor says: "The key to the city?"
Mayor says: "My wife?"
017 says: "Hey, Boss."
017 says: "What’s this?"
Mayor says: "No!"
Mayor says: "Not my priceless, very rare, one-of-a-kind porcelain poodle!"
Mayor says: "Anything!"
Mayor says: "Anything but my priceless, very rare, one-of-a-kind porcelain poodle!"
253 says: "I kinda like it."
253 says: "AND WITH THIS VALUABLE KEEPSAKE, I WILL OBTAIN POWER OVER THE MAYOR AND ALL OF TOWNSVILLE!!!"
Blossom says: "Put down that priceless porcelain poodle, you punk!"
253 says: "P-P-P-Powerpuffs?!"
253 says: "!"
Blossom says: "Precisely!"
Bubbles disposes of 017, Buttercup knocks out 002, and Blossom trains her eye lasers on the ropes holding the Mayor. He is cut loose in short order; now she joins the fight and knocks 253 across the room. The poodle sails through the air in slow motion, interspersed with shots of Bubbles and Buttercup gasping, still restraining their escaped inmates. It continues its flight.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Mayor says: "Well, hello, Blossom."
She grabs him and carries him along while still running at top speed—and he does not pause for a moment in speaking.
Mayor says: "It’s always a pleasure to have you girls over to the house."
Girls says: "Phew!"
Outside, the robbers are sitting in a paddy wagon, waiting to be hauled away. The girls and the Mayor stand near its open back doors; a crowd is gathered around, with cameras and microphones in abundance.
Mayor says: "Well, girls, you’ve done it again."
Mayor says: "And to show you my personal sign of appreciation, I want to present you with—"
Close-up of the poodle as it is brought into view.
Mayor says: "—"
Mayor says: "my priceless, very rare, one-of-a-kind porcelain poodle."
Pull back. Bubbles takes it from his hands, but it slips from her grasp and shatters to pieces on the ground. The four look sadly down at it; the Mayor is the first to look up. Flashbulbs begin to pop anew as he speaks.
Mayor says: "We love you, girls!"
Zoom in slightly on the scene, then pull back to show it on a TV screen.
Reporter says: "And that’s how it all went down today when the Powerpuff Girls rescued the Mayor and his assistant from certain death—"
Camera turns around to show the three robbers watching the broadcast. They are back in the clink. 017 has a green-dyed hair cut in a Mohawk and long scars on his cheeks.
Reporter says: "—"
Reporter says: "and put three extremely dangerous criminals behind bars."
253 says: "This ain’t no fair, I tell you."
253 says: "It just ain’t no fair!"
253 says: "Those Powerpuff Girls get away with everything!"
017 says: "Just imagine what it’d be like to be one of those Powerpuff Girls."
As he has this thought, Bubbles’ head appears in a thought balloon. Her hair is tied in a single fluffy ponytail. The balloon pops when he finishes.
002 says: "Yeah."
002 says: "Induce pain and suffering to all the people of Townsville."
002 says: "Take all the money and goods we want, right under their noses!"
253 says: "That’s it!"
253 says: "We are gonna become the Powerpuff Girls!"
253 says: "We are gonna induce pain and suffering!"
253 says: "But most importantly…we are gonna be RICH!"
On the end of this, the background behind him changes to dollar bills. He becomes lost in thought for a moment.
253 says: "Yeah?"
017 says: "How are we gonna look like them Powerpuff Girls?"
253 says: "Hmm."
(Cut to his perspective says: "bunk beds, sink, broken mirror, the usual accouterments."
panning across the cell says: "bunk beds, sink, broken mirror, the usual accouterments."
(Cut to his perspective says: ")"
panning across the cell says: ")"
Stop on a wardrobe, with larger versions of the girls’ everyday dresses—one of each color—hanging inside. On top are full-head masks of their faces, with holes cut out for the mouths.
253 says: "Guys, this is gonna be tougher than I thought."
Fade to black.
Scene cuts to a guard walking along the corridor, jingling his keys and whistling as he goes. He stops after a few steps and addresses the camera.
Guard says: "Huh?"
Guard says: "…Hey!"
Guard says: "What are you three doing in there?"
(Extreme close-ups of the following says: "chest hair pushing out from underneath a light blue collar; a hairy leg in a knee-high white stocking and black Mary Jane; 253’s mouth and beard through one of the masks, with the collar of the Blossom dress showing below it; the eye and hairline of that mask; 017’s masked mouth above the collar of the Bubbles dress; 002’s arm poking out of the Buttercup dress; 017’s meaty fist; 002’s masked mouth; his arm again."
(Extreme close-ups of the following says: "Pull back to show the three criminals, now wearing the oversized outfits—"
(Extreme close-ups of the following says: "253 as Blossom, 017 as Bubbles, 002 as Buttercup."
(Extreme close-ups of the following says: "Suffice it to say that they will never win a costume contest looking like this."
(Extreme close-ups of the following says: ")"
253 says: "Uh…we, uh…  Can you let us out?"
Guard says: "Sure I can."
Guard says: "Be my pleasure."
He stands by the open cell door, still laughing, as the prisoners leave. 017 sucker-punches him on the way out, doubling him over.
Guard says: "Thanks!"
Guard says: "You girls are great!"
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "Impostor Powerpuffs?"
Narrator says: "What a drag!"
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Narrator says: "Girls, where are you?"
Narrator says: "What are you doing?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Inside, the kids are asleep on the floor, with blankets pulled up over themselves. One of them looks very much like Dexter—yes, the same one with the mammoth home lab. They snore softly.
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "It’s naptime at Pokey Oaks Kindergarten."
Narrator says: "And though our heroes slumber—"
Snap to black and pull back as he continues. The black resolves itself into the belt of 253’s dress; he is seen from behind, standing in front of the Townsville Bank.
253 says: "Let’s do it, girls."
Inside, the doors are kicked open.
002 says: "This is a holdup, everybod—"
017 says: "This is a holdup, everybod—"
253 says: "No, you idiots!"
253 says: "Like this!"
The Mayor and Ms. Bellum are seen in the lobby as 253 skips up. Pan across the counter; the tellers laugh and nod assent. Cut to the Mayor at the vault door.
Mayor says: "Oh, we love you, Powerpuff Girls."
Mayor says: "Take all the money you want!"
On the end of this, pull back to show the money in the hands of the robbers. They are at the front door. They start to leave.
253 says: "Bye-bye!"
Pan across the lobby to the customers and tellers. Everyone is waving goodbye—except for Ms. Bellum. Stop on her and the Mayor.
Mayor says: "So long, girls!"
Mayor says: "Oh, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum, don’t you just love those Powerpuff Girls?"
Back to the roof of the Townsville Jewelry Store. Inside, the “girls” are at the counter; the display case is empty. A salesman holds a bag out to them.
Salesman says: "Here’s the jewels you wanted, girls."
253 says: "Thanks!"
Outside, they move out, loot in hand.
Mayor says: "Oh, hello, girls."
Mayor says: "What are you up to?"
253 says: "No good."
253 says: "Sure—"
253 says: "as long as Sweet Cheeks is going."
Mayor says: "Of course, I will."
Mayor says: "Now come on."
Cut to the exterior of his house, with the five entering by the front door. Close-up of the door, which the Mayor holds open for the criminals.
Mayor says: "Welcome, welcome, welcome!"
017 says: "Look, it’s one of them fancy pictures."
Mayor says: "Why, yes, it is."
Mayor says: "It’s—"
Mayor says: "it’s a classic."
Mayor says: "It’s—"
002 says: "Stupid."
017 says: "Yeah, I hate boats."
Mayor says: "Yeah."
Cut to 253 and 002 standing near a vase on a pedestal.
253 says: "Hey, Bubba."
002 says: "I’m Buttercup."
253 says: "Yeah, whatever."
253 says: "Look at this vase!"
002 says: "I think it’s pronounced “vozz."
253 says: "Oh, yeah?"
253 says: "I think it’s pronounced—"
Cut to 017, who is doing a little redecorating with a can of spray paint. He finishes and walks o.c., leaving behind a crude picture of the Mayor with the label “MAYOR.” The subject of said caricature walks into view.
Mayor says: "That is so true!"
Cut to 002, leaning against a wall and looking up at Ms. Bellum.
002 says: "Say, Sweet Cheeks, what’s your sign?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Stop."
Mayor says: "Oh, girls!"
Mayor says: "Here are your milk and cookies!"
253 says: "Hey, dudes, let’s ditch this joint."
Cut to the Mayor, curled up on the floor with Ms. Bellum standing by him. The “girls” are on their way out the door.
017 says: "See ya!"
017 says: "Wouldn’t want to be ya!"
Mayor says: "What precious angels."
Ms. Bellum says: "Uh, sir, this might just be me, but don’t you think the girls were acting a little strange?"
Mayor says: "How so?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Well—"
Ms. Bellum says: "robbing the bank, the jewelry store, your house?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Beating the living daylights out of you?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Need I go on?"
Mayor says: "Yes, I’m not following."
Ms. Bellum says: "The deep voices, the facial hair, the height!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Not to mention the manly odor!"
Mayor says: "And?"
Mayor says: "And?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Those were men dressed up as the Powerpuff Girls!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Understand?"
Mayor says: "Yes!"
Mayor says: "There’s only one thing to do!"
Close-up of a telephone. Its receiver is picked up; pull back to show the Mayor making the call, with Ms. Bellum standing nearby.
Mayor says: "Hello, Chief of Police?"
Mayor says: "Arrest the Powerpuff Girls!"
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Narrator says: "Uh-oh."
Narrator says: "This isn’t looking too good!"
Inside, the girls stand behind a table. A large jar of change rests on it. Zoom in slowly as Blossom speaks.
Blossom says: "And, by adding your pennies to this jar, we can feed the homeless, help abused animals find good homes, or adopt a child from a Third World country."
Voice says: "Freeze!"
Caught off guard, the girls look o.c. in surprise. SWAT team members burst in from all sides of the room; a tank with a battering ram—which shows a smiley face—fixed to its turret knocks down a section of the wall. One officer throws himself into the prone position and levels his rifle. Other works on making construction-paper cutouts for a few moments, then drops his work and pulls his gun. A third man squirms out from under the table and points his weapon. The girls are completely stunned by the raid.
Voice says: "Powerpuff Girls, you’re under arrest!"
They raise their hands in surrender and are cuffed. We see them in the back of a paddy wagon as the doors slam shut on them. Cut to the exterior of the jail.
Narrator says: "Powerpuffs imprisoned?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Inside, we see Blossom in a cell. Pull back as she speaks to show Buttercup sitting on the top bunk and Bubbles sitting in the back corner.
Blossom says: "What’s happening?"
Blossom says: "Why did they throw us in the slammer?"
Buttercup says: "Hmm…something’s going on, and I don’t like this one bit."
Bubbles says: "And the worst thing is—"
Buttercup says: "Oh, why don’t you shut up, you crybaby?"
Blossom says: "Now that’s no way to talk to your sister!"
Buttercup says: "This is all your fault!"
Blossom says: "Why don’t you shut up?"
Buttercup says: "No, you shut up!"
Guard says: "Why don’t you all shut up?"
Guard says: "You’ve got a visitor."
Bubbles stops crying. Ms. Bellum steps into view, and the girls pop up across from her.
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Bellum!"
Blossom says: "Boy, are we glad to see you!"
Buttercup says: "And whatever it is, we didn’t do it!"
Ms. Bellum says: "I know, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "But I’m the only one that believes you."
Ms. Bellum says: "Three evil men have been dressing up like you."
Ms. Bellum says: "They robbed a bank, stole precious jewelry, and harassed the Mayor in his own home!"
Blossom says: "Who could be doing this?"
Blossom says: "Robbing the bank…stealing precious jewelry…harassing the Mayor in his own home?"
Blossom says: "Anything else, Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Well, there is something else."
Ms. Bellum says: "He…he called me…he called me…Sweet Cheeks!"
Girls says: "No!"
Narrator says: "Not Sweet Cheeks!"
Blossom has a quick flashback of 253 during the first bank robbery.
253 says: "Hand it over, Sweet Cheeks!"
Blossom says: "That’s it!"
Blossom says: "I know who they are!"
Blossom says: "They are the only three villains capable of such insensitive, derogatory, and insulting language."
Blossom says: "Don’t worry, Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum."
Blossom says: "We’ll take care of everything."
Buttercup gets ready to release herself on her own recognizance—rent Raising Arizona if that phrase goes over your head.
Buttercup says: "Come on, girls."
Buttercup says: "Let’s bust outta this joint."
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Blossom says: "We can’t escape from prison."
Blossom says: "That would be breaking the law."
Buttercup says: "Not again!"
Blossom says: "Regardless of our duties to save the world, we would be further harming our falsely soiled reputations—"
On the end of this, her sisters take off and break through the prison wall.
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "Wait for me!"
Narrator says: "Now that’s more like it!"
Narrator says: "You go, girls!"
Cut to the exterior of a Chinese restaurant—Mr. Chin’s $1 Chinese Food. A sign marked “CLOSED FOR INSPECTION” is pasted across the doors. Inside, the three criminals are hunkered down at a table with take-out containers. 017 and 002 are eating; 253 is getting ready to do likewise.
253 says: "Boy, I’m starving!"
The girls kick the door down.
Girls says: "Not so fast, Powerpuff Girls!"
The two groups launch themselves at each other, and the battle begins in earnest, with the girls landing several good blows on the criminals. Cut to Buttercup in midair, her arm raised to deliver a karate chop.
Buttercup says: "Huy-yah!"
She deals the blow; camera turns down slightly to show the real Bubbles on the receiving end.
Bubbles says: "Ow!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup, it’s me!"
Buttercup says: "Oh!"
Buttercup says: "Oops."
Buttercup says: "Sorry."
On the end of this, pan left slightly, putting Bubbles out of view and showing Blossom. Buttercup lands a chop to her head.
Blossom says: "Ow!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup, it’s me!"
Buttercup says: "Oops."
Buttercup says: "Sorry."
017 says: "Ow!"
017 says: "Boss, it’s me!"
253 says: "Oops."
253 says: "Sorry."
Blossom says: "Wait a second!"
Blossom says: "This isn’t working, guys."
Blossom says: "Let’s just fight our counterparts, okay?"
Everybody else says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Ready?"
Blossom says: "Okay?"
Blossom says: "Go!"
Round two gets underway. Buttercup chops 002 over the head, while Blossom flies up to 253 and knocks him sprawling with a left hook. Bubbles closes in for an attack; 017 kneels and throws a double handful of knives at her. She stops in midair, looking scared for a moment, then deftly dodges every blade and counterattacks with a punch that knocks him to the floor. Now Buttercup goes on the offensive as 002 grabs a stack of plates and scales them at her. She begins to spin in place; the plates bounce harmlessly off her in all directions. Several of them hit 002, who yells in pain at the hits. All three girls back up and prepare to deliver flying kicks to their opposite numbers, and the blows knock the masks loose. They break when they hit the ground. The girls, dressed as Japanese geisha—a little out of place, given that this is a Chinese restaurant—bow over the defeated criminals.
Dissolve to them, now back in their normal outfits, next to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum. A happy crowd watches from the background.
[Animation goof says: "Ms."
[Animation goof says: "Bellum’s hair stops well short of her head in this sequence."
Mayor says: "Aw, I knew you were innocent the whole time."
Ms. Bellum says: "Yeah, right."
Mayor says: "And thank you once again for saving Townsville."
Mayor says: "Of course, now you’ll have to go back to jail for breaking out in the first place."
Everyone has a good laugh at this for some moments before he changes his tone.
Mayor says: "I’m serious."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "Mayor."
Narrator says: "Shut up."
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "See you on visiting day, girls."