Narrator says: "The city of Longville, Minnesota, the turtle-racing capital of the world!"
Pan to factory polluting the skies.
Narrator says: "Turle-neck and turtle-neck here at the track."
Man #1 says: "That Sheldon's a peppy fella."
Man #2 says: "Ooh yeah, it's all those hours he put in during the off-season."
Buddy says: "Way to show 'em what you're made of, Sheldon!"
Buddy says: "Meanwhile, back in the City of Townsville, Professor Utonium is getting ready for a very big day."
Bubbles says: "What'cha doing, Professor?"
Professor Utonium says: "Well, Bubbles, I'm getting ready for a very big day."
Professor Utonium says: "There's a scientific exposition at the Townsville convention centre, and you're looking at the key-note speaker."
Professor Utonium says: "I'm giving a presentation on the proliferation on subatomic particles on the ribonucleic plain."
Professor Utonium says: "And its relationship to the proliferation of ribonucleic particles on the subatomic plain."
Girls look back at Professor.
Professor Utonium says: "Oh, it's really quite fascinating, isn't it?"
Girly blankly look at each other, then back to the Professor. The doorbell rings.
Girls says: "I'll get it!"
Mailman says: "Hello!"
Mailman says: "Important telegram from Professor Utonium!"
Blossom says: "A telegram?"
Mailman says: "That's right - an important telegram!"
Buttercup says: "Thanks."
Mailman says: "You're very welcome!"
Mailman says: "Have a tella-rific day!"
Girls says: "Professor!"
Girls says: "Professor!"
Girls says: "Professor!"
Blossom says: "You have an important telegram!"
Professor Utonium says: "A telegram?"
Buttercup says: "Here."
Professor Utonium says: "Dear Professor, am coming to town this morning."
Professor Utonium says: "Only here for the day."
Professor Utonium says: "Want to see you and meet the girls."
Professor Utonium says: "I'll be on the last train from Clarksville."
Professor Utonium says: "Come me me at the station."
Professor Utonium says: "Your brother, Eugene."
Professor Utonium says: "Girls!"
Professor Utonium says: "Guess who's coming for a visit!"
Blossom says: "Your brother Eugene?"
Professor Utonium says: "Your Uncle, Eugene."
Girls says: "We have an Uncle?"
Professor Utonium says: "Sure do."
Professor Utonium says: "Ah, me and your Uncle Eugene used to get pretty crazy back in the day."
Professor Utonium says: "He's quite the wild man."
Professor Utonium says: "Ooh!"
Professor Utonium says: "But my big scientific lecture!"
Professor Utonium says: "Oh, I won't have time to pick him up!"
Blossom says: "We could pick him up, Professor."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, we'll do it!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah, we'll do it!"
Professor Utonium says: "That’s a great idea, girls."
Girls beam at Professor. Fade and pan to the train station, zoom in to one of the cars of the train.
Policeman #1 says: "Alright, alright."
Policeman #1 says: "Now look: all you gotta do is sit on this here stool,  You think you can handle that?"
Second policeman salutes as first policeman walks away grumpily.
Policeman #2 says: "Sure thing."
After noticing the first policeman gone, the second policeman takes out a box and takes a seat on the stool'.
Second policeman opens the box, and finds it loaded with taffy.
Policeman #2 says: "Boy, did I pick the wrong day to start my all-taffy diet."
Policeman #2 says: "Oh, well!"
Second policeman gets out a flask and pours the pink taffy into a cup, slowly. The taffy finally stops flowing, and he gets out his taffy sandwich and takes a bite out of that as well. He has a hard time pulling the taffy as to bite it, and suddenly the cage bursts open, causing dust around the train car to splatter everywhere. The "wild fella" appears and stands behind the second policeman. The second policeman, still struggling to pull out the taffy from the bread, looks up scared. He finds the "wild fella" glaring at him, so the second policeman offers him his taffy, and his hard taffy once standing, droops down. The policeman offers the taffy to the "wild fella", this time more clearly, and the "wild fella" takes it.
The gesture is ruined by the sounding of the horn, meaning that the trains have arrived. People walk out of their train cars.
Buttecup says: "What about that guy?"
Zoom out to the Girls looking at the picture, people and back again.
Blossom says: "I don't think so."
The "wild fella" suddenly breaks the train car, leaving a hole in the middle. He hops onto the platform and looks around curiously.
Snap to Bubbles who is holding the picture now.
[Continuity error says: "Instead of just Bubbles holding the picture just now, Blossom was more likely to be holding it."
Bubbles says: "Ooh!"
Bubbles says: "Is that him?"
Blossom slowly takes the picture from Blossom, and looks at it, then him back and forth to view their similarities. Apparantly, the "wild fella" and Uncle Eugene have the same brow.
Blossom says: "Well, he is pretty tall."
Buttercup says: "And he's got red hair..."
Bubbles says: "Lots of it!"
Blossom says: "Uncle Eugene?"
Girls says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Blossom says: "Professor has a very important meeting so he sent us here to pick you up!"
Blossom says: "So, how was your trip?"
Buttercup says: "D'you have any tattoos?"
Bubbles says: "What's your favorite color?"
Blossom says: "Have any luggage?"
Buttercup says: "How much can you bench?"
Blossom says: "You must be pretty hungry after that long train ride!"
Bubbles offers "Uncle Eugene" some taffy.
Bubbles says: "Wants some of my Townsville taffy?"
Bubbles says: "Here, have some more!"
Wild fella says: "Good, good."
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Blossom says: "Well, we better be going!"
Blossom says: "Can't be late for school."
Buttercup says: "Follow us, Uncle Eugene!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme."
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Pan to the real Uncle Eugene, who is the last one to step out of the train car. He looks around for the Girls and/or Professor, and holds out a picture however they are nowhere to be seen. Cut to Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Ms. Keane says: "Thank you, Mitch, for showing us your wonderful collection of..."
Ms. Keane says: "assorted earwaxes."
Ms. Keane says: "Okay, girls."
Ms. Keane says: "What did you bring for show and tell today?"
Pan to Girls about to show the class a surprise.
Blossom says: "Well, we brought our Uncle Eugene."
Pan back to the Girls, however Uncle Eugene barges effortlessly into the doorway and breaks the door, leaving a hole in the wall. He marches up to Miss Keane and leaves a shadow on her, while the rest of the class is in awe.
Bubbles says: "Ms."
Bubbles says: "Keane, this is our Uncle!"
Ms. Keane shakes in fear and tries to say hello.
Ms. Keane says: "N-nice to meet you."
Buttercup flies over to Ms. Keane and Bubbles.
Buttercup says: "He's the Professor's brother!"
Ms. Keane says: "Great!"
Ms. Keane says: "Ugh,, why don't you show your freakishly..."
Ms. Keane says: "handsome Uncle to his seat  so Julie Bean can have her turn?"
Julie Bean walks over to the front and the Girls and "Uncle Eugene" walk over to their seats, "Uncle Eugene"'s large footsteps filling the sound of the classroom.
Julie Bean says: "This weekend, my parents took me to the Townsville Taffy Festival, so I brought this big box of taffy for everyone!"
Wild fella says: "Huh?"
Wild fella says: "Hmm..."
Wild fella says: "?"
Students run over to Julie Bean and get the taffy from her.
Students says: "Yay!"
Students says: "Taffy!"
Students look up at "Uncle Eugene" and find him standing behind them, demanding the taffy.
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Wild fella says: "Gimme!"
Ms. Keane faints and the Girls stare at him blankly. Transit back to the train station, the real Uncle Eugene is still waiting for the Girls, sitting on the bench and looking around. He looks at his watch. Transit back to Pokey Oaks Kindergarten again, the students run away from "Uncle Eugene" as he chases them for the taffy.
The girls fly outside.
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Blossom says: "It's okay!"
Blossom says: "He's just playing!"
Slightly panning to the girl student running away, she exclaims in terror'.
Girl student says: "This monster's gonna eat us all!"
Panning stops by the Girls'.
Bubbles says: "He's no monster!"
Bubbles says: "He's our Uncle!"
Buttercup says: "He's just a little wild."
Cut to three other students running away from "Uncle Eugene", throwing him their taffy as he eats them while he runs. He stops, and sees that a Townsville Taffy Fair is right in front of him'. His pupils enlarge in fascination as the Taffy Fair is extremely large. He jumps up and down on his feet and dashes to the fair, ripping up his first stall and scoffing down all the taffy. The stall man runs away as "Uncle Eugene" throws the stall away as well.
Man says: "I can't believe got such a great deal on taffy trousers."
Man says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Man says: "Boy, am I glad to see you!"
Man says: "Some crazy monster just ate my pants!"
Bubbles says: "Really?"
Buttercup says: "What did he look like?"
Man says: "Oh, I don't know, kinda tall, red, hairy?"
Backgrounder man says: "My taffy marial!"
Backgrounder woman says: "My taffy taffy!"
Man says: "He must be stopped before the whole town is left in various states of undress - will you guys stop him?"
Cut to the Girls who are brainstorming.
Bubbles says: "We have to do something!"
Blossom says: "But what?"
Blossom says: "He's our Uncle, we can't just knock him out!"
Transit back to their house, with "Uncle Eugene" sitting unconciously on their couch with the Girls standing in front of him'.
Blossom says: "I said we can't just knock him out!"
Buttercup says: "What else was I supposed to do?"
Buttercup says: "He had it coming!"
Buttercup says: "Right?"
Buttercup says: "Right?"
Girls continuosly shake their heads'.
Blossom says: "Let's at least try to clean him up before the Professor get home."
Professor Utonium says: "Girls?"
Professor Utonium says: "I'm home!"
Buttercup says: "Hey, Professor!"
Buttercup says: "Is it me?"
Buttercup says: "Or is he looking even smarter?"
The Girls stall Professor as much as they can, by complimenting him and flying in front of him.
Professor Utonium says: "Well..."
Bubbles says: "Yeah, much smarter!"
Professor Utonium says: "Oh, I don't know!"
Cut to Blossom's face.
Blossom says: "You must've given some presentation today!"
Blossom does a flattering stare and tries to make her statement sound convincing'.
Professor Utonium says: "Well, I did throw my colleagues a few algorithmic zingers!"
Professor Utonium says: "So, where's that crazy brother of mine?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, there."
Professor Utonium says: "Oh."
Professor Utonium says: "He's really let his hair over a while!"
Professor Utonium says: "Well."
Professor Utonium says: "While we're waiting for Uncle Eugene to wake up from one of his famous naps, why don't we have a little Townsville taffy!"
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Wild fella says: "OOH!"
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Wild fella says: "Good!"
Professor exclaims.
Blossom says: "Is that the train I hear?"
Professor Utonium says: "Umm..."
Professor Utonium says: "Does he have to go already?"
Blossom says: "I'm afraid so."
Professor Utonium says: "Whew!"
Professor Utonium says: "That Eugene hasn't changed a bit!"
The girls fly directly above a train car and drop "Uncle Eugene" in a seat. The real Uncle Eugene sits next to him and offers him taffy. The episode ends with "Uncle Eugene" staring straight.
Eugene Utonium says: "Beat, huh?"
Eugene Utonium says: "I've had a pretty rough day myself."
Eugene Utonium says: "But you know what they say: you can't end the day without feeling happy after biting into a sweet piece of Townsville taffy!"
Narrator says: "And so, once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "And Taffy..."
Narrator says: "And that Turtle, Sheldon—"
Narrator says: "Boy, he sure can motor, huh?"
Narrator says: "ZOOM!"