Narrator says: "The City of Townsville is under attack."
Turn down to ground level, where Bubbles and Fuzzy Lumpkins are nose to nose. Bubbles pounds on Fuzzy for a while, then deals him a flying uppercut that knocks him flat on his back. The next two lines also sound artificial.
Narrator says: "Fuzzy the loser."
Zoom in on her; the words "GAME OVER" appear.
Bubbles says: "Hey!"
Pull back to show that this is, in fact, a Powerpuff Girls video game. Ace plays; Snake watches.
Snake says: "Man, Ace, Bubbles sure kicked your—"
Snake says: "Ow!"
Snake says: "I means, good game, Ace."
Ace says: "Come on, let's ditch this joint."
Ace says: "Arturo!"
Ace says: "Big Billy!"
Ace says: "Move out!"
Close-up of Big Billy, holding something over his head.
Billy says: "Duh..."
Billy says: "just a second, Ace."
What he is holding is Lil' Arturo, whom he is using as the basketball in a free-throw game. He shoots and scores.
Lil' Arturo says: "Two points!"
The machine spits out a string of prize tickets, which Big Billy holds up for the others to see.
Big Billy says: "Tickets!"
Ace says: "Yeah, yeah."
Ace says: "Any of you goobers seen Grubber?"
Cut to Grubber, seated on a mechanical horse with a scene from a black-and-white Western playing behind him. The rest of the Gangreen Gang walks past him.
Ace says: "Quit horsin' around!"
Ace says: "Come on!"
Grubber slowly climbs down, regards the ride for a long moment, then walks away from it. Cut to a head-on view of the Gang slouching along up the aisle.
Ace says: "So now what do youse wanna do?"
(They stop suddenly at the sound of a voice says: "a gruff, no-nonsense, rapid-fire monotone."
(They stop suddenly at the sound of a voice says: ")"
Wednesday says: "I'll tell you what you're gonna do, you're gonna listen and listen good!"
Camera turns around and moves up from the feet of the speaker on the end of this line. It's Jack Wednesday. He wears a gray suit, trenchcoat, and fedora. His face and the set of his jaw mark him as a law enforcement veteran.
Wednesday says: "Who am I, you ask?"
Wednesday says: "Wednesday, Jack Wednesday."
Wednesday says: "I'm a truant officer."
He leans in closer.
Wednesday says: "What's a truant officer, you ask?"
Wednesday says: "Well, the only way to answer that is to be smart."
Wednesday says: "And you boys aren't very smart, are you?"
Wednesday says: "Didn't think so."
Wednesday says: "So how do you become smart?"
Wednesday says: "That's right, you go to school."
Wednesday says: "And what would you learn if you went to school?"
Wednesday says: "Well, for one, you'd learn what a truant officer is."
Wednesday says: "Now who can tell me what a truant officer does?"
Long silence from the Gang, who have no reply or answer to Wednesday's question.
Wednesday says: "Okay, I'll tell you once more, but this is the last time."
Wednesday says: "A truant officer's job is to make sure punks like you go to school."
The Gang has a good laugh at this.
Ace says: "Aw, man, we ain't never done gone to no school!"
Wednesday says: "You're kidding!"
Ace says: "Naw, we, uh..."
Wednesday says: "Zip it!"
Wednesday says: "I was being sarcastic."
Wednesday says: "Which is another big word you'll learn in school."
Wednesday says: "But you wouldn't know that, considering you've never attended one of this country's great educational facilities, which is a thought that just sickens me!"
Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.
Wednesday says: "And when I'm sick, the only cure for my ailments is for me to do my job."
Inside, we see Wednesday's silhouette through the window of the front door. Now he is haranguing Ms. Keane.
Wednesday says: "What kind of kids did I bring to your class today, you ask?"
Wednesday says: "Well, you'll find out soon enough."
He steps out of view; a moment later, she opens the door and enters the room.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, children..."
Quick shot of the class, all beaming. Back to Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane says: "We're going to be having some new students with us, and I'd like you to help me welcome them."
Ms. Keane says: "Come in, boys."
Ground-level shot, with the girls in the background, looking dumbfounded. Silhouettes of the Gang's feet clomp into view. Zoom in on the girls.
Ms. Keane says: "Class, I'd like you to meet the first of our new guests: Sanford D."
Ms. Keane says: "Ingleberry."
Snake says: "Everyone calls me S-S-Snake, got-s-s it?"
Ms. Keane says: "Arturo de la Guerra."
Arturo says: "Don't mess with me!"
Arturo says: "Okay?"
Arturo says: "Okay."
Ms. Keane says: "Grubber."
Grubber says: "Pbbpppbbbbbppt!"
Ms. Keane says: "William W."
Ms. Keane says: "Williams."
Billy says: "Hi!"
Ms. Keane says: "And last but not least, Ace."
He introduces himself with a belch. Pull back to show the whole Gang laughing at this, then pan to Ms. Keane, looking at them worriedly.
Ms. Keane says: "Hmmm..."
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
Blossom says: "This is the Gangrene Gang!"
Buttercup says: "They're one of our worst enemies!"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "They're bad!"
Ace slides into view on the other side and puts his arm around Ms. Keane's shoulders.
Ace says: "Why, we're not bad guys."
Ace says: "We're here to learn."
Ace says: "Just give us a chance."
Ace says: "I promise we won't let you down."
Ms. Keane says: "Now why don't we get ready for snack time?"
We see the class react favorably to this announcement.
Ms. Keane says: "Who would like to pass out the milk and cookies?"
Cut to the Gang; all five guys start shouting and waving their arms eagerly. Back to Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane says: "Okay."
Ms. Keane says: "Boys, go ahead."
They cheer, Ace grabs the plate of cookies, and they slide o.c. left, chuckling wickedly. The girls fly into view from that side, looking over their shoulders with great suspicion, knowing that the Gang are going to be causing trouble as soon as Ms. Keane's back is turned. Cut to a girl's desk. Ace walks up with a cookie in hand, and she reaches for it.
Ace says: "Hey, kid, how’s about a cookie, huh?"
Ace says: "Oh, look, I dropped it."
Ace says: "But don't worry."
Ace says: "A little dirt never hurt nobody, huh?"
He stomps on the cookie and walks away, leaving the girl staring sadly at the crumbs. Blossom flies onto the scene and assesses the damage. Cut to Snake, holding two cartons of milk.
Snake says: "How's about some milk?"
Snake says: "Drink up, babies."
He pours the milk over their heads, follows with the crumpled-up cartons, and walks o.c. Bubbles flies up and glares after him. Cut to another kid.
Ace says: "Hey, kid!"
The kid has to throw his arms up to protect himself from a barrage of cookies. Cut to Ms. Keane's desk; the girls fly up in front of her.
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
Blossom says: "The Gangrene Gang is doing something bad!"
Blossom says: "Look!"
They move aside. Zoom in on the Gang, gathered around yet another poor kid. Snake is holding his mouth open, and it is jammed full of cookies.
Ace says: "Huh?"
Ace says: "What did you say?"
Ace says: "You want another cookie?"
Ace says: "All right."
Ace says: "Here."
Ace says: "Oh."
Camera turns around. Ms. Keane is shocked, but the girls look satisfied.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, my."
Bubbles says: "See what we're talking about?"
Buttercup says: "Let's get ‘em!"
Ms. Keane says: "Wait!"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls!"
Camera turns around again; the girls are about to give the Gang what for. Back to Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane says: "You know the school rule: No fighting in class."
Ms. Keane says: "Now go back to your seats."
Back to the Gang and the girls, now separated.
Snake says: "Tough luck, s-s-sissies."
At their desk, the girls are not pleased with what has just happened. Ms. Keane and Ace are at the front of the room.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, I think it's about time for some show and tell."
Ms. Keane says: "Why don‘t we have our new students come up so we can learn something about them?"
Blossom says: "This isn't good."
Arturo, Billy, and Grubber are gathered by Ms. Keane's desk.
Ms. Keane says: "Well, who would like to go first?"
Ms. Keane says: "How about you, Grubber?"
Ms. Keane says: "Do you have anything you can show us?"
Grubber says: "Pbbbppt!"
He steps to center stage and goes to work. First he grabs his head in both hands and hauls upwards, straightening his neck and back; then he stretches his arms. Slow pan across the room as the kids watch, disbelieving, and we hear Grubber pull and twist and stretch. When the camera turns back to him, he is standing upright, his eyes do not bug out, and his tongue is completely in his mouth. He could almost pass for a normal person, except for his green skin, enormous chin, and ragged clothes. His next words are, for once, completely intelligible.
Grubber says: "Why, hello there."
Grubber says: "I'm Grubber."
Grubber says: "Very nice to meet you all."
Grubber says: "Pbbbbppbbbt!"
Back to Ms. Keane, looking very uneasy.
Ms. Keane says: "Why, uh..."
Ms. Keane says: "thank you for sharing that with us, Grubber."
Ms. Keane says: "Who's next?"
Ms. Keane says: "Ah, how about you, Billy?"
Ms. Keane says: "Do you have anything to show us?"
He thinks for a moment.
Billy says: "Yeah!"
He lifts the hair away from his face to reveal a single big blue eye. The class screams in terror. Back to him and Ms. Keane, now even more uneasy.
Ms. Keane says: "Why, uh..."
Ms. Keane says: "thank you, Billy."
Ms. Keane says: "We had no idea you were a Cyclops."
Billy says: "Yeah, I've got one eye."
The girls at their desk.
Blossom says: "This can't get any worse!"
Arturo steps up to the front of the room next to Ms. Keane's desk.
Ms. Keane says: "Arturo, you're last."
Arturo says: "Today I would like to present to you with someone very, very close to my heart."
Arturo says: "She was given to me by my Papi, Macho Arturo, just before he went up the river."
Arturo says: "She always make me look good when I'm in the battlefield."
Arturo says: "Friends, I'd like you to meet..."
Arturo says: "..."
Arturo says: "Maria!"
The girls do not take this well.
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "Come on!"
They fly to the front of the room and knock Arturo to the floor as Ms. Keane watches.
Ms. Keane says: "Girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "No fighting, no fighting!"
Blossom says: "But, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane!"
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "comb."
His prize possession is a comb that folds into the body of a switchblade.
Ms. Keane says: "See, girls?"
Ms. Keane says: "You have to be more trusting of our new students."
Ms. Keane says: "Now go back to your seats."
Angry and dejected, they float past her at ground level. Arturo follows, combing his hair.
Ms. Keane says: "I'm sorry, Arturo."
Arturo says: "S'aright."
She paces in front of the class. The girls look warily over at the Gang.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, boys and girls, it's craft time, so get your supplies out."
Ms. Keane says: "Let's all have fun, okay?"
The Gang laughs to themselves. They now have jars of paste.
Ace says: "We'll have fun, all right!"
Globs of paste begin to fly all over the room, and one kid after another takes a hit. The girls, at their desk, have yet to get nailed.
Bubbles says: "The Gangrene Gang's at it again!"
Buttercup says: "Let's fight back!"
Blossom says: "Girls, you know we can't..."
At the front of the room, Ms. Keane works as the paste globs fly over her head. She only notices the fight when one of them lands on her papers.
Ms. Keane says: "What?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
Camera turns around to show the Gang ready to let another volley loose.
Ace says: "They started it!"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "What did I say about fighting in class?"
Ms. Keane says: "Well, it doesn't matter if you didn't start the fight."
Ms. Keane says: "It's just as bad that you fought back."
Ms. Keane says: "When are you girls going to learn?"
Back to her perspective; the girls hang their heads.
Ms. Keane says: "I am disappointed in you, girls."
The school bell rings. Back to the front desk.
Ms. Keane says: "Now, everyone, it's time for recess."
The kids' heads swarm by in front. Back to Ms. Keane's perspective of the girls; they start to head out, but stop at the sound of her voice.
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, you stay."
Ms. Keane says: "You're not going anywhere."
Ms. Keane says: "You need a time-out!"
Girls says: "But the Gangrene Gang!"
Ms. Keane says: "No buts, girls!"
Ms. Keane says: "You've been very rude to our new students, who you keep saying are bad."
Ms. Keane says: "But I have yet to see them do anything wrong."
Outside on the playground. The camera points down at a horde of frightened kids, with the Gang's shadows looming over them.
Ace says: "Well, well, welly, welly, welly, welly, well, class."
Ace says: "Looks like it's just you guys..."
Camera turns around to show the Gang.
Ace says: "..."
Ace says: "and us guys!"
Ace says: "Hm, what shall we play during recess, hm, hm, hm?"
Ace says: "Oh, I know!"
Ace says: "How about a well-rounded game of DODGEBALL?"
All five produce balls from behind their backs and start hurling. Kids fly everywhere. During the melee, Ace nails a kid in the back, Grubber spits a ball at another, a throw by Big Billy knocks out a row of four, and Snake throws Arturo - carrying a ball - into the face of yet another sitting duck. The girls watch from the classroom window.
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Keane!"
Ms. Keane says: "Quiet, girls."
Ms. Keane says: "You're in time-out."
A ball crashes through the window and bounces off her desk; now they have her attention. She rushes over.
Ms. Keane says: "What's going on out there?!"
Ms. Keane says: "!"
Slow pan across the playground, which is littered with victims of the Dodgeball Massacre. Stop on the Gang, laughing over it all and holding the balls. Back to the window.
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, girls, what are we going to do?"
Buttercup says: "Come on!"
Buttercup says: "Let us fight 'em!"
Ms. Keane says: "I'm sorry, girls, but I just can't allow you to do that."
Blossom says: "What is it, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane?"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, I want you to go outside and play dodgeball."
Blossom says: "This is no time for us to be playing a game!"
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, you know there's no fighting, so go outside and play dodgeball instead."
Ms. Keane says: "Understand?"
Girls says: "Uh-huh!"
Ms. Keane says: "Good!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now hurry up."
Ms. Keane says: "Recess is almost..."
Ms. Keane says: "..."
Ms. Keane says: "over."
On the playground, the Gang has a kid cornered. Ace has a ball.
Ace says: "Hey, kid, watch out!"
Ace says: "Whoop!"
Ace says: "Sorry."
A ball flies into view and hits him in the face, smashing his sunglasses and blacking his eye. Close-up of him.
Girls says: "Whoop!"
Girls says: "Sorry."
Camera turns around to show them floating in mid-air; all three are ready to throw.
The girls get into the game and send them flying. Blossom catches Ace in the kidney, Buttercup lands a well-placed hit to Snake's nose, and Bubbles nails Arturo, knocking him into Grubber; the two in turn slam into Billy's gut and bounce back. They are then stopped when she shoves a ball into their faces. Cut to outside the window; Ms. Keane watches as the balls keep rocketing back and forth.
Ms. Keane says: "Go, girls, go!"
Ms. Keane says: "Go, girls, go!"
She continues to chant as the Gang gets another helping of overinflated red rubber stuffed down their throats. It ends with a triple whammy to Ace's face, and he collapses on top of his buddies. Pull back from the heap to show the girls floating above them as the rest of the class cheers. Ms. Keane is holding a ball.
Ms. Keane says: "Girls, I'm so proud of you!"
Ms. Keane says: "Job well done!"
Wednesday says: "I'll bet."
The four turn around; Ms. Keane is not thrilled at hearing that voice again. Cut to Wednesday.
Wednesday says: "You ask why I take care of these boys?"
Wednesday says: "That's right, because someone has to."
Wednesday says: "And it's not an easy job taking care of children, making sure they're not getting into trouble, watching out for their well-being."
Wednesday says: "But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"
Cut to the girls and Ms. Keane, looking slightly fed-up, then to a side view of her, Wednesday, and the Gang.
Wednesday says: "Oh, and Teacher, before you tell me how to do my job, maybe you should figure out how to do your own."
The ball sails into view and hits him in the back of the head. From the front, we see that he now looks as bad as Ace did. He crumples to the ground. Zoom in on Ms. Keane and the girls. She has her eyes turned up, the picture of innocence, and is no longer holding the ball.
Ms. Keane says: "Well, girls, I think Mr."
Ms. Keane says: "Wednesday taught us a valuable lesson here today."
Bubbles says: "Education is the progressive realization of our ignorance?"
Ms. Keane says: "No."
Ms. Keane says: "Don't turn your back in the middle of a dodgeball game!"
Narrator says: "Oh, Ms."
Narrator says: "Keane!"
Narrator says: "Under your rule, school is cool!"
[Note says: "Bubbles' line is a slight corruption of a quote from the American historian Will Durant."
[Note says: ""Realization" is replaced by "discovery" in the original."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"