Professor says: "The city of Townsville..."
Pull back on the next line; the view is a photograph lying on a work table in his lab.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "is filled with the most vile and strange villains to walk the earth."
On the end of this, he comes into view, hunched over the table. Other photos spread in front of him show the Amoeba Boys, the Gangrene Gang, and "Him.".
Professor says: "But as scientifically inexplicable as some may seem, each has an obvious origin."
Close-up of the Boys' photo.
Professor says: "Hot chick with chemically enhanced hair products."
Cut to him. One eyebrow droops in deep thought, and he scratches his chin.
Professor says: "But one..."
Professor says: "one villain defies explanation."
Professor says: "The only creature that leaves me baffled."
His perspective of a nearby countertop. Among the clutter of notes and equipment is a file folder labeled "F. Lumpkins." Lying on top of this is a photo of Fuzzy Lumpkins in the woods.
Professor says: "The Lumpkin!"
Zoom in until the photo fills the screen, then cut to a bulletin board on the wall. Several items are tacked up on it, including a poster entitled "Bears of the World", with pictures of a panda, a koala, a polar bear, Yogi Bear, and Fuzzy. The Professor looks at the board.
Professor says: "Can it be an unaccounted-for species of bear?"
Professor says: "Or is it the infamous Sasquatch..."
Professor says: "or, in layman's term, Bigfoot?"
Cut to a blackboard showing the famous "evolution of man" series of primates. Fuzzy is drawn in one step to the left of modern man; a question mark is above his head, the words "Missing Link?" below.
Professor says: "Or, better yet, is it the sought-after "missing link"?"
A counter, with a map of Townsville and the adjoining woods spread out. A path is marked, ending in a big red X. On the next line, the Professor reaches into view and rolls up the sheet.
Professor says: "One thing is certain."
Now he picks up a camera tripod leaning against the counter's edge. Back to him, with the map tucked into a knapsack on his back. Shouldering this other piece of equipment, he is ready for action.
Professor says: "It must be studied!"
(The exterior of the house. The garage door goes up says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
his car pulls out. Dissolve to the woods says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
the camera pointing along a road that runs through them. In the distance says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
there is a very broad patch whose trees have been cut down. Zoom in a bit says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
then cut to the Professor as he hikes along through the area. As he goes says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
his confident smile fades says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
he looks worriedly around himself; in an overhead view says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
we see that he has reached the cleared area - says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
many of the stumps bear signs with the sort of messages Fuzzy might put up says: ""Leave Now," "Get Out," and so forth."
(The exterior of the house. The garage door goes up says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
his car pulls out. Dissolve to the woods says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
the camera pointing along a road that runs through them. In the distance says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
there is a very broad patch whose trees have been cut down. Zoom in a bit says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
then cut to the Professor as he hikes along through the area. As he goes says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
his confident smile fades says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
he looks worriedly around himself; in an overhead view says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
we see that he has reached the cleared area - says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
many of the stumps bear signs with the sort of messages Fuzzy might put up says: "When he reaches the hillbilly's shack, he crouches down behind a bush at a distance."
(The exterior of the house. The garage door goes up says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
his car pulls out. Dissolve to the woods says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
the camera pointing along a road that runs through them. In the distance says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
there is a very broad patch whose trees have been cut down. Zoom in a bit says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
then cut to the Professor as he hikes along through the area. As he goes says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
his confident smile fades says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
he looks worriedly around himself; in an overhead view says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
we see that he has reached the cleared area - says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
many of the stumps bear signs with the sort of messages Fuzzy might put up says: "Cut to in front of this; he pops up with his notebook in one hand and a hand-held video camera aimed at the dwelling in the other."
(The exterior of the house. The garage door goes up says: ")"
his car pulls out. Dissolve to the woods says: ")"
the camera pointing along a road that runs through them. In the distance says: ")"
there is a very broad patch whose trees have been cut down. Zoom in a bit says: ")"
then cut to the Professor as he hikes along through the area. As he goes says: ")"
his confident smile fades says: ")"
he looks worriedly around himself; in an overhead view says: ")"
we see that he has reached the cleared area - says: ")"
many of the stumps bear signs with the sort of messages Fuzzy might put up says: ")"
Professor says: "Day One of my study of the Lumpkin."
His perspective, seen through the viewfinder; pan slowly across the scenery. Until further notice, all shots are framed in this fashion.
Professor says: "This, I believe, is the natural habitat of the Lumpkin."
On the end of this, the shack comes into view and he cuts himself off sharply with a gasp. Fuzzy is sitting on the ground by the porch, a washtub within reach. He is naked and washing himself with the help of a garden hose that is connected to a nearby tap. The camera goes briefly out of focus and back in again as it zooms in.
Professor says: "Oh, look!"
Professor says: "What luck!"
Professor says: "The Lumpkin is in its territory and appears to be grooming."
Fuzzy aims the hose into his mouth for a drink and gargles loudly before going back to his bath. After a few seconds, he stands up, drops the hose, and shakes himself dry, babbling. Now he lazily walks across the yard, the camera following, and stops at a clothesline on which his overalls are hanging next to what looks like a pair of denim underwear. Zoom in and refocus; he pulls the overalls down.
Professor says: "And what's this?"
Professor says: "He's adorning himself with some sort of garment."
Fuzzy secures the straps that run over his shoulders. Zoom in again.
Professor says: "Oh, simply fascinating!"
Professor says: "He seems to be exhibiting signs of intelligence."
Fuzzy extends an index finger and digs around in his nose. Pull back to put the house in view again; a pig runs up behind him and knocks him over.
Professor says: "Oh, no!"
Close-up; Fuzzy lets off a rising, angry growl.
Professor says: "How fascinating!"
Professor says: "Let's see how he reacts."
Fuzzy reacts by leaping to his feet, pounding his chest, and yelling out his rancor. Pan from one side of the house to the other as he chases the pig around it, shouting all the while.
Professor says: "The creature chases after the small animal like a predator on the hunt."
Professor says: "Fuzzy: Ooh!"
Professor says: "Ah!"
Professor says: "Ooh!"
Professor says: "Ah!"
Professor says: "Get back here, you stinkin'- get-Professor: But the Lumpkin is no match for the pig."
Zoom in on his as he finally catches his breath, rubbing his side. The moment's peace is shattered by the reappearance of the pig, which knocks him over as before, causing him to yelp and groan. Zoom in on him; his eyes pop open, and he smiles.
Professor says: "It sees something."
Quick pan from him to his banjo, which leans against the door of the shack, and re-focus, and a twang is heard for emphasis. Fuzzy reaches into view and grabs it; pull back to frame his rocking chair on the porch. He leaps into it and rubs the banjo's neck lovingly against his cheek before playing a few chords.
Professor says: "Interesting."
Professor says: "It seems to be fond of this inanimate object."
His reverie is interrupted by a fly buzzing overhead; he puts down the banjo and picks up his old shotgun, glaring and gritting his teeth. Pull back during the next line.
Professor says: "Ooh, and look!"
Professor says: "It's protecting it!"
The fly comes to rest on the porch, and Fuzzy cocks his weapon and aims directly at it. When he fires, the image is briefly lost under a swirl of static. This clears to show a hole blasted in the porch where the fly had been. Another blip of static; now he is staring wide-eyed at something else in the general vicinity of the camera. Long pause, after which he leaps out of the rocking chair and braces for more action. He flares his nostrils and sniffs the air, and the Professor gasps softly.
Professor says: "Wait!"
Professor says: "The Lumpkin senses something."
Professor says: "What kind of stupid, unevolved, pea-brained critter would walk right into such a horrible fate?"
On the end of this, Fuzzy is sniffing very close to the camera. Next, it zooms in on him, tilting a bit, as he stands up again. The Professor, realizing that he has just put himself in the king daddy of all jackpots, gasps in fear.
Professor says: "It's me."
Fuzzy roars in pure fury as the camera pulls back, shaking in the Professor's grip, and tilts back to the horizontal. He goes bright red and charges, going out of focus when he gets too close. The camera view gives way to a screenful of static, after which it snaps to black to the sound of crashing equipment.
Snap to brief static, followed by the Professor's hurried flight through the woods, his frantic panting audible. He stops behind a tree and peeks out around it only to see Fuzzy run past on the other side, his shotgun at the ready. The latter has reverted to pink and is now wearing his boots, whereas he had not put them on after his bath. The Professor cries out in fear; a flash of static, and we see him through the viewfinder.
Professor says: "He's out there."
Professor says: "I know he's out there."
Professor says: "He's gonna find me sooner or later."
Professor says: "To my girls: Take care of yourselves..."
Professor says: "and always remember, the world needs you."
Fuzzy emerges from the undergrowth behind him, looking surprised.
Professor says: "Oh, no!"
Static, which snaps briefly to black as the equipment is knocked about.
Snap to a bit of static, then a log in a clearing. The Professor shambles into view and sits down on it to face the camera. His clothes are dirty and torn, and his hair and face are in total disarray, indicating he just barely escaped this time after Fuzzy got the drop on him again. He pulls out his notebook and starts to write.
Professor says: "I've got to keep moving."
He walks toward the camera and stops very close to it before moving out of view and behind it. On the next line, he picks it up and starts off into the woods.
Professor says: "I must figure out how to get home from here."
Professor says: "I..."
(He stops upon sighting a tree with a message carved into a bare patch on its trunk says: ""Fuzzy's watching you."
(He stops upon sighting a tree with a message carved into a bare patch on its trunk says: "" On the next line, the jiggling of the camera fully exposes what is on a second tree in the background: "You can't hide."
Professor says: "Wait!"
Professor says: "That tree!"
Professor says: "It..."
Professor says: "it looks like there's something written on it."
Zoom in on the tree; the Professor starts sobbing upon closer examination.
Professor says: "Oh, please, no!"
He continues to sob and pant as he turns to look at other trees - all of which have similar ominous words for him. They have the following statements written on them; "Fuzzy's back", "I'm going to get you", "You can't hide", and "It's over". A squeal of feedback is heard, and the view turns to static and snaps to black.
Snap to static, then a grainy close-up of the Professor, now adjusting the camera to fine-tune the image. As he speaks, he gets it right.
Professor says: "Almost..."
Professor says: "got it..."
Professor says: "there!"
Professor says: "The battery was all that needed changing."
Professor says: "Oh, soon it'll all be over."
Professor says: "This nightmare will end and I'll be home..."
Reaching the bushes, he shoves them aside and finds Fuzzy's shack beyond them - the smoke was from its chimney. He has been going in circles all along.
Professor says: "..."
Professor says: "free?"
Professor says: "NOOOOOO!!!"
The next sound strikes him dumb - it is Fuzzy's low chuckle, which steadily grows in volume. The Professor's anguished cry only alerted Fuzzy to his presence being back at his cabin. The camera whips around to show him at a distance behind the Professor. Now screaming, he charges with a menacing grin; the Professor holds out a hand to stop him.
Professor says: "No!"
Professor says: "Stay back!"
Professor says: "Stay back!"
The assailant plows into the camera, knocking out the picture altogether, and the sound of a beating is heard.
The camera-eye perspective ends. Snap to a blip of static, then cut to the Professor and follow him as he tumbles headlong down a slope and loses his camera, groaning all the while. He rolls straight toward the front door of the shack; cut to inside as he crashes through the front door and collapses in a splatter of mud that covers his eyes and nose and spills down the back of his head over his shoulders. Blind, he crawls across the floor; cut to the end of a ragged piece of cloth on the wall. He reaches into view and feels this. Pull back to reveal it as a sheet tacked over a window for a shade. He wipes his face with this, but in the process, it tears free and he falls over backward with a yelp.
Professor says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "Ow!"
Professor says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Professor says: "Oof!"
Fuzzy says: "There ain't no turnin' back."
He suddenly lets off a surprised little yelp; cut to the whimpering Professor, who has backed into a corner with all this mess still on him. Fuzzy gasps. His bloodlust gives way to sheer infatuation, and hearts appear in his eyes. His tongue hangs out of a panting mouth. Cut back to the whimpering Professor, with hearts popping all around as the camera turns down to his feet and back up. Now Fuzzy shakes his head to clear it and holds his shotgun behind his back.
Fuzzy says: "I picked these for you from outside."
The Professor manages only a strangled little cry and takes the flower. Fuzzy toes the floorboards as he continues, now gaining some confidence.
Professor says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "Um..."
Professor says: "I, er, uh..."
He stammers some more as hearts start to pop around Fuzzy's head and he realizes just what the big pink hick thinks is going on. The latter points past the red flower antennae.
Fuzzy says: "What the heck is that?"
Professor says: "What?"
He is promptly bashed over the head with the shotgun. Snap to black.
Fade into the exterior of the shack, its door closed. This bursts open after a moment, and Fuzzy comes out with the unconscious Professor over his shoulder.
Fuzzy says: "Hey!"
Fuzzy says: "Everybody!"
Fuzzy says: "I'm gettin' hitched!"
(He laughs says: ""yee-EEE!"
shouts into the forest says: ""yee-EEE!"
(He laughs says: "" Cut to other areas nearby, the shouts continuing; other creatures of various shapes and sizes, who all look generally like Fuzzy, poke their heads up - these can only be his kin."
shouts into the forest says: "" Cut to other areas nearby, the shouts continuing; other creatures of various shapes and sizes, who all look generally like Fuzzy, poke their heads up - these can only be his kin."
(He laughs says: "Trees, stumps, bushes, an old refrigerator, a washtub, bushes, a toilet, hay bales - all hide pink hillbillies who respond to the call."
shouts into the forest says: "Trees, stumps, bushes, an old refrigerator, a washtub, bushes, a toilet, hay bales - all hide pink hillbillies who respond to the call."
(He laughs says: "Back to the front door of the shack, with all these newcomers gathered around."
shouts into the forest says: "Back to the front door of the shack, with all these newcomers gathered around."
(He laughs says: ")"
shouts into the forest says: ")"
Fuzzy says: "That's right, cousins!"
Fuzzy says: "I've landed the Lumpkin of my dreams!"
Professor says: "Wha..."
Professor says: "?"
Fuzzy says: "And I am gonna marry this here little Lumpkinette as soon as possible."
Fuzzy says: "Hoo-hoo!"
On the end of this, the Professor's eyes pop wide open. Cut to a long shot of the forest and pan quickly across the sky to the house.
Professor says: "HEEEEELLLLLPPPPP!"
(On the end of this says: "Blossom and Buttercup are reading comic books, Bubbles is playing with Octi."
cut to the girls' room. They are on the bed says: "Blossom and Buttercup are reading comic books, Bubbles is playing with Octi."
(On the end of this says: "The scream echoes even from here, and it causes all three to look up in alarm."
cut to the girls' room. They are on the bed says: "The scream echoes even from here, and it causes all three to look up in alarm."
(On the end of this says: "They drop what they are doing and jump off the bed."
cut to the girls' room. They are on the bed says: "They drop what they are doing and jump off the bed."
(On the end of this says: ")"
cut to the girls' room. They are on the bed says: ")"
Girls says: "The Professor!"
Blossom says: "It sounds like it's coming from the woods!"
Buttercup says: "Let's go!"
The exterior of the house; they take off through the windows, the camera following them to the forest. Inside the shack, the whimpering Professor sits huddled in a corner, trembling.
Fuzzy says: "I am so nervous."
Fuzzy says: "This is my first-ever weddin', you know."
Cut to outside the window, a piece broken out of it; the Professor carefully pokes his head up into the opening to look out.
Cut to just behind the bride-to-be. He sees the entire extended family in the yard, with an aisle cleared down the middle of the crowd to lead to a stage with a ragged canopy over it. Fuzzy stands on this, next to a short kinsman who will act as the minister. The Professor groans. Back to inside; he drops down and crushes himself into a space beneath the window, trembling again.
Fuzzy says: "Now, where's my beautiful bride?"
Quick pan to the closed door, which bursts open after a moment to admit two cousins, one fat and the other thin, in red long johns. This is the Professor's perspective; we hear his sobbing and whimpering throughout the following. The fat one stands over him.
Fat cousin says: "Now, now, don't be shy there, Mrs."
Fat cousin says: "Fuzzy Lumpkins."
Thin cousin says: "Yeah."
Thin cousin says: "We wouldn't want you to be late for your own weddin' and whatnot."
Cut back to the crowd and the stage.
Professor says: "WHERE ARE YOU?!"
Professor says: "!"
Professor says: "?"
Long overhead view of the scene. Bubbles flies into view and stops to observe; her sisters join her a moment later.
Bubbles says: "Goodness!"
Bubbles says: "Look at all the Lumpkinses!"
Buttercup says: "Do you think the Professor's down there?"
Blossom says: "There's only one way to find out."
Cut back to ground level. She pounds one family member, and her sisters each give another one what for, having followed her down. The Professor is dragged to the front and thrown ahead of the bunch; quick pan to the stage, where he lands in Fuzzy's arms.
Minister cousin says: "Dearly beloved..."
He gets no further before Bubbles grabs one guest's antennae and spins him around by them. She lets go and he flies o.c.; long shot of the stage, with his scream of terror echoing.
Minister cousin says: "..."
Minister cousin says: "we are gathered 'round yonder here today..."
Cousin says: "Ow!"
Minister cousin says: "..."
Minister cousin says: "to join together yon Fuzzy..."
Blossom uproots a tree and swats away several charging Lumpkins cousins. Back to Fuzzy, turning down to the Professor.
Minister cousin says: "..."
Minister cousin says: "and this here girlie in holy matri-ni-mony."
The girls go on the attack and send the screaming guests flying, one after another. Back to the stage, where the surviving ones have gathered around the bride and groom; the former is now on his feet, with the latter's beefy arm around him.
Minister cousin says: "Fuzzy, does y'all take this purty young thang for your wife'n?"
Fuzzy says: "Boy howdy!"
The beaten cousins are now accumulating in a large pile, groaning in pain.
Minister cousin says: "And does the little lady take Fuzzy for her lovin' man?"
Professor says: "Uh..."
A cousin falls to the stage beside him with a shout of pain, followed by another who lands squarely on Fuzzy. The girls regroup at the back where the crowd used to stand. The Professor is the only one left standing.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls!"
Blossom says: "There's just one really ugly one left!"
They charge the stage and, without realizing the truth, give the Professor a devastating one-two-three combo that knocks his makeshift disguise away. Cut to them in midair.
Buttercup says: "We got all the Lumpkins, but where's the Professor?"
His weary groan from o.c. tells them what they need to know and just how big a mistake they have made. Cut to him on the ground, now looking a total wreck amid the globs of mud.
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
Buttercup says: "Are you okay?"
Bubbles says: "We're so sorry!"
Professor says: "It's okay..."
Professor says: "it's okay."
Bubbles says: "But we hit you really hard!"
Professor says: "Yes, well, I can think of much worse things that could've happened."
Fuzzy says: "Hey!"
Cut to him. He is back on his feet and hopping mad.
Fuzzy says: "Leave my wifey alone!"
Professor says: "Oh, no."
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Professor."
Buttercup says: "We'll protect you!"
Fuzzy stomps toward them, snarling. He looks ready to eat alive anyone who even looks at him the wrong way. When he is close enough to knock them into the next time zone, he suddenly sweeps up the mud and clutches it to himself.
Fuzzy says: "You'll never take her!"
Fuzzy says: "Y'all cain't stop true love!"
Smiling, he goes inside and pulls the door shut behind himself. After a moment, it reopens and he reaches out to hang a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the knob; this shows two hearts pierced by an arrow. His laughter grows from a chuckle to an ecstatic howl.
Professor says: "Huh?"
Back to the group, the throes of passion continuing. What Fuzzy has been after finally sinks in for the Professor.
Professor says: "Ew..."
He groans and stammers for some time as Fuzzy is heard babbling and groaning. The Professor then collects himself and pulls out his notebook to write some more.
Professor says: ""On a side note, never speak of this incident again."
He stuffs the entire notebook into his mouth, chews, swallows, and licks his fingers.
Professor says: "Mmm..."
Professor says: "ahh."
The clamor in the shack has finally died away. Cut to the girls in flight, carrying the Professor.
Bubbles says: "Boy!"
Bubbles says: "A few more seconds and Fuzzy would've been our mom!"
Buttercup says: "You mean our dad."
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "And Professor would've been our mom."
The girls have a good laugh at this, but the next line cuts them off very sharply.
Professor says: "I SAID, NEVER SPEAK OF IT AGAIN!"
The standard end shot comes up, with a banjo heard alongside the usual end music.
Narrator says: "So once again the day has done been saved - thanks to them thar Powerpuff Gals!"
Narrator says: "Y'all come back now, hear?"