Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "Where even the most curious canine isn't safe from the dog-eat-dog world of crime."
During the second part of the previous line, the dog pulls its head out, a bone clamped in its jaws, and we see that it is the Talking Dog. He cocks an ear to listen; cut to a shadowy corner of the alley. He slowly advances out of the darkness as a male Italian voice speaks up.
Italian 1 says: "Hey, hurry up already before someone catches us!"
Cut to just behind the pooch. He is looking down the alley at the waterfront, where two silhouettes - one fat, one thin - are dragging a large sack toward the edge. The man who spoke is one of them; now the other speaks.
Italian 2 says: "I can't!"
Italian 2 says: "It's just so darn heavy!"
On the end of this, cut to the Talking Dog again. Back to the two men after he finishes; now, in close-up, we can see them clearly. The fat one was the first to talk.
Italian 1 says: "Well, maybe if there weren't so many pieces!"
Italian 2 says: "Just throw it in the water before it starts to stink up the joint!"
He sniffs on the end of this and grimaces in terror. There is a loud splash from o.c. - the load has been jettisoned - and he fearfully backs into the shadows. However, he runs into the trash can and makes a clatter, and the two Italians turn to look.
Italian 1 says: "Who's there?"
The canine just sits there and looks up for a moment. Cut to a quick pan along a street, with him pulling into view and running for all he is worth, then shift to point along his path - he is heading for the police station. Turn up to the roof as a helicopter lands on it. Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the girls' house. It is now the next day.
Bubbles says: "It's my turn, Buttercup!"
In the kitchen, they are seated around the table, with bowls of cereal before them - breakfast time. Bubbles and Buttercup are pulling the box back and forth, while the Professor watches from a counter at the other end of the room.
Bubbles says: "You had the last prize!"
(The classic argument says: "who gets the prize in the cereal box?"
(The classic argument says: "Close-up of Buttercup."
(The classic argument says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Come on, Bubbles, there are tattoos in this one!"
Bubbles says: "They're mine!"
Buttercup says: "Gosh, why do you have to be such a brat?"
They pull the box back and forth in time with the next lines.
Bubbles says: "Bossy!"
Buttercup says: "Baby!"
Bubbles says: "Bully!"
Professor says: "Now think a minute before you say those things, and you'll realize you don't really mean them."
Professor says: "Okay?"
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Buttercup says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Who could be here this early?"
(Cut to just inside the front door says: "clad in black slacks and shoes, with a tan overcoat, and holding what looks like a pet carrier in one hand."
which has now been opened to admit the caller. The camera is at ground level says: "clad in black slacks and shoes, with a tan overcoat, and holding what looks like a pet carrier in one hand."
showing this person from the waist down says: "clad in black slacks and shoes, with a tan overcoat, and holding what looks like a pet carrier in one hand."
(Cut to just inside the front door says: "Turn up slowly to the face, a man's, defined by heavy jowls and small eyes shaded under the brim of a dark hat."
which has now been opened to admit the caller. The camera is at ground level says: "Turn up slowly to the face, a man's, defined by heavy jowls and small eyes shaded under the brim of a dark hat."
showing this person from the waist down says: "Turn up slowly to the face, a man's, defined by heavy jowls and small eyes shaded under the brim of a dark hat."
(Cut to just inside the front door says: "His entire no-nonsense, cheerless air practically screams "government agent."
which has now been opened to admit the caller. The camera is at ground level says: "His entire no-nonsense, cheerless air practically screams "government agent."
showing this person from the waist down says: "His entire no-nonsense, cheerless air practically screams "government agent."
Agent says: "Good morning."
Agent says: "FBI."
Side view of the doorway; he now stands inside it, and the girls and the Professor have met him. The latter is eating from a bowl of cereal - his own breakfast - and the item in the agent's hand is indeed a pet carrier.
Agent says: "Sorry to disturb you so early, but we have something that needs immediate attention."
He puts the carrier on the floor and opens the hatch on its end. Two rather frightened-looking eyes peer out from within. Cut to the girls, who gasp happily, then to the open hatch - next to which the Talking Dog is now sitting in a nervous crouch. Bubbles slides up next to him.
Bubbles says: "Puppy!"
Agent says: "The only problem is that he's not talking about the incident."
Professor says: "Hmph."
Professor says: "You know dogs can't talk."
The G-man fails to see the humor in this remark.
Agent says: "Actually, this dog can."
Agent says: "He's the..."
Agent says: "Talking Dog."
Bubbles says: "Can you really talk?"
Bubbles says: "Can you say "woof woof"?"
Talking Dog says: "Y-yeah."
Agent says: "So we felt it best that he be placed in a witness-protection program, and..."
Agent says: "well, who better to protect him than you?"
Agent says: "And just to be safe, don't take him anywhere."
Agent says: "And if you can, see if you can get him to talk."
Agent says: "Good day."
Cut to Buttercup and Blossom; the door is heard closing. Slow pan to Bubbles and the Talking Dog, now curled up asleep, on the next lines.
Buttercup says: "So, how do we solve a crime with no leads?"
Blossom says: "I guess we'll have to wait and hope the dog'll talk."
Bubbles says: "Poor puppy."
Bubbles says: "He's been through so much."
Zoom in on the Talking Dog and fade to black.
Fade in to a close-up of the coffeepot in the kitchen. The Professor reaches into view and picks it up; his sleeve is rolled up, revealing a butterfly on the forearm - now we know what happened to those cereal-box tattoos. Cut to him as he fills his mug. His other sleeve is also pushed back, and a heart tattoo is on that arm. The sound of laughter from the o.c. girls and Talking Dog draws his attention to the window; they are in the yard, and he smiles at the sight. Zoom in.
Talking Dog says: "I'm feeling a lot better now."
Blossom says: "Well enough to talk about the crime?"
Talking Dog says: "Actually, I was thinking more along the lines of..."
Talking Dog says: "well enough to eat."
Bubbles says: "Well, of course you are."
Bubbles says: "Come on!"
Cut to a food bowl on the kitchen floor, already labeled with his name. In it is a large lump of some pinkish-brown material. Pull back to show him looking quizzically at this offering for some seconds, then behind himself. The girls stand at the doorway; Blossom is holding an empty tin can that formerly contained the dog food.
Blossom says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Don't you like it?"
Talking Dog says: "Oh, yes."
Talking Dog says: "The smooth variety."
Talking Dog says: "It's very delicious."
Talking Dog says: "Perfect if you don't have any teeth."
Talking Dog says: "Of course, I wouldn't expect you to spend money on a chunkier and costlier dog food for a poor mutt you hardly know or love."
Blossom flies to the bowl on the end of this line.
Blossom says: "We can get you the other stuff."
Talking Dog says: "Hey..."
Talking Dog says: "no point maintaining a puppy-like energy on my behalf."
Blossom says: "Really."
Blossom says: "It's no problem at all."
Talking Dog says: "I mean, who needs flavor?"
Blossom says: "Really."
Blossom says: "We don't mind."
Overhead view of the house, pulling away as the girls fly up toward the camera.
Talking Dog says: "Don't forget!"
Talking Dog says: "Country Grill or Fisherman's Stew with Calcium in Extra Chunky!"
Fade to black.
Snap to the Talking Dog at his bowl, which is now empty. Bits of food are strewn about the floor and smeared around his mouth, and he looks quite satisfied now - he got what he wanted. The girls' shadows stretch toward him from behind the camera. His tail whips against the floor.
Talking Dog says: "Oh, those were some tender vittles."
Talking Dog says: "Mmm-mmm!"
Blossom says: "Does that mean you might be able to talk about what you saw?"
Talking Dog says: "..."
Talking Dog says: "oh, it was horrible!"
Talking Dog says: "I can't go on!"
Buttercup says: "Dog-gone it!"
Dissolve to the exterior of the house that night. Inside, the girls are tucked in for bed.
Bubbles says: "'Night, girls."
Bubbles says: "'Night, Talking Dog..."
Bubbles says: "What's the matter?"
Cut to the Talking Dog, who has been deposited on what looks like a small beanbag chair at the foot of the bed. This is Bubbles' perspective.
Bubbles says: "Don't you like your doggie bed?"
Bubbles says: "We got you the best one there is."
Bubbles says: "It's cozy, fleece with cedar chips."
Talking Dog says: "Oh, don't get me wrong."
Talking Dog says: "I like sleeping on wood."
Talking Dog says: "The splinters build character."
Talking Dog says: "And it's great having a bed all to yourself..."
Talking Dog says: "alone..."
Talking Dog says: "closer to the cold floor..."
Talking Dog says: "alone."
Long pause, during which he looks forlornly at the camera. Back to the bed; he has now tucked himself in between Blossom and Bubbles. They seem a bit off balance by this development, while Buttercup is getting annoyed.
Talking Dog says: "Nighty-night, girls."
Talking Dog says: "Sleep tight."
Talking Dog says: "Don't let my bed-fleas bite."
The exterior of the house; the bedroom windows go dark to the sound of a switch.
Talking Dog says: "Wow, Blossom, it's amazing how silky your hair is..."
Talking Dog says: "considering it smells so funky."
Cut to a slow pan across the bed, from Bubbles to the Talking Dog to Blossom, with Buttercup just visible on her other side. All are fast asleep, but the four-legged bunkmate starts to shake and talk in the grip of a nightmare. The girls speak softly during the following dialogue.
Talking Dog says: "No..."
Talking Dog says: "no, don't!"
Talking Dog says: "Don't do it!"
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "Girls!"
Bubbles says: "Should we wake him?"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "Wait."
Talking Dog says: "Not the bag!"
He suddenly begins to snore peacefully - the terror he dreamed of has apparently passed - and the girls mull over what he has said.
Buttercup says: ""Not the bag"?"
Buttercup says: "That's it?"
Buttercup says: "Great."
Buttercup says: "Now all we have to do tomorrow is search through a trillion bags in Townsville."
Blossom says: "Just wait, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "We have to be patient."
Blossom says: "All in due time."
Fade to black.
Snap to the exterior of the house the next morning.
Bubbles says: "Am I tired!"
Inside, the Talking Dog bounds down the stairs. He looks quite refreshed, but through the kitchen doorway, the girls can been seen at the table. They look rather less peppy; close-up of the table. The Professor pours Bubbles a glass of milk and pats her head. His rolled-up sleeves show that the tattoos on his arms have multiplied.
Professor says: "Bubbles, didn;t you sleep well?"
Bubbles says: "Hardly."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, we were up all night waiting to hear how ugly our clothes are."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, remember that I said we had to be patient?"
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "And I think it's fun having a puppy."
Bubbles says: "Don't you?"
Talking Dog says: "Hey!"
Cut to him, now at his bowl in the kitchen. It is again filled with a large and aromatic lump of dog food, and he does not seem too crazy about it.
Talking Dog says: "Is it just me, or does this food taste like cow pie?"
Talking Dog says: "Oh, boy!"
Talking Dog says: "Pancakes!"
Talking Dog says: "Now that's more like it!"
(They are caught entirely off guard by his intrusion. Dissolve to the bedroom windows that night says: "Blossom on Buttercup's side, Buttercup on Bubbles' - and their bunky taking Blossom's place in the middle."
pan slowly across the space. First seen is Bubbles says: "Blossom on Buttercup's side, Buttercup on Bubbles' - and their bunky taking Blossom's place in the middle."
who has been evicted from the girls' bed says: "Blossom on Buttercup's side, Buttercup on Bubbles' - and their bunky taking Blossom's place in the middle."
is sleeping on the one they got for the Talking Dog. Next we see her sisters sleeping in the wrong sections says: "Blossom on Buttercup's side, Buttercup on Bubbles' - and their bunky taking Blossom's place in the middle."
(They are caught entirely off guard by his intrusion. Dissolve to the bedroom windows that night says: "Stop here as he starts to talk in his sleep again."
pan slowly across the space. First seen is Bubbles says: "Stop here as he starts to talk in his sleep again."
who has been evicted from the girls' bed says: "Stop here as he starts to talk in his sleep again."
is sleeping on the one they got for the Talking Dog. Next we see her sisters sleeping in the wrong sections says: "Stop here as he starts to talk in his sleep again."
(They are caught entirely off guard by his intrusion. Dissolve to the bedroom windows that night says: ")"
pan slowly across the space. First seen is Bubbles says: ")"
who has been evicted from the girls' bed says: ")"
is sleeping on the one they got for the Talking Dog. Next we see her sisters sleeping in the wrong sections says: ")"
Talking Dog says: "Two..."
Talking Dog says: "shadows..."
Talking Dog says: "big bag..."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, we know that already!"
Talking Dog says: "Too many..."
Talking Dog says: "pieces..."
Buttercup says: "What else?"
Buttercup says: "What else?"
Talking Dog says: "Buttercup's..."
Talking Dog says: "hair..."
Talking Dog says: "really..."
Talking Dog says: "ugly!"
Buttercup says: "Hmph!"
Blossom claps her hands to her mouth. Cut to the girls in the living room, the next day. Buttercup is still put out by this latest bit of somniloquy.
Bubbles says: "He said what?"
Blossom says: "Come on, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "I know he's beginning to get annoying, but each night he's divulging a little more information."
Blossom says: "Perhaps tonight we'll get the final clue."
Buttercup says: "Or maybe we'll find out that Blossom's head looks like a giant rotten pumpkin!"
Buttercup says: "Snore, snore!"
Bubbles says: "Come on."
Bubbles says: "Let's not fight."
Bubbles says: "The Mayor and Ms."
Bubbles says: "Bellum are here to meet the Talking Dog."
Buttercup says: "Great."
Buttercup says: "I can't wait to hear what he's gonna say next."
Cut to the kitchen table, where the remains of some cookies and milk are spread out. The Mayor and Talking Dog are seated, the girls float nearby, and Ms. Bellum stands by them with a plate of cookies in hand.
Talking Dog says: "That is one amazing mustache."
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Well, thank you."
Talking Dog says: "You can barely see your hideous rotten teeth."
Mayor says: "Now, how's that cookie?"
Mayor says: "You know, Mrs."
Mayor says: "Mayor made those from scratch."
Talking Dog says: "Well, I've had better chips from a litter box..."
Talking Dog says: "which puts 'em right near the top."
Talking Dog says: "You gotta give an old lady credit for trying."
This crack sits badly with all three girls - and with Ms. Bellum, who gives the back of the Talking Dog's chair a shove, causing it to rotate so he can get off it and leave the table. This is the civilized equivalent of a bouncer getting ready to toss an unruly customer out of a bar.
Mayor says: "Well!"
Mayor says: "This visit has been absolutely delightful."
Mayor says: "Shall we, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum?"
Talking Dog says: "Okay."
Talking Dog says: "Now tell me the truth this time."
Talking Dog says: "Is that your real hair color?"
Cut to just outside the open front door. He sits inside and calls to them as they leave hastily.
Talking Dog says: "Come back real soon now."
Talking Dog says: "Heh."
Talking Dog says: "Don't be a stranger!"
Cut to him, walking into the living room with the camera following. He stops upon finding three very annoyed girls floating there; they clear their throats loudly.
Talking Dog says: "What?"
Talking Dog says: "What'd I say?"
Cut to the bedroom that evening. Blossom and Buttercup are positioned as the night before, but the former sits on top of the blankets and the latter is sitting up at the pillow. Bubbles lies wearily sprawled on her own section as the Talking Dog snores in Blossom's.
Buttercup says: "I'm tired!"
Buttercup says: "Can't we just go to sleep?"
Blossom says: "We have to see if he'll leak any more information."
Blossom says: "And there he goes."
Talking Dog says: "..."
Talking Dog says: "the scent..."
Talking Dog says: "the scent of..."
Talking Dog says: "bad breath!"
He says no more, but he has already put them off balance again. Fade to black.
Snap to the Talking Dog with the Professor in the living room, the next day. The man has now started applying those cereal-box tattoos to his neck.
Talking Dog says: "So, your greatest invention was an accident, huh?"
Cut to him with a visibly irritated Buttercup and a baseball in the yard.
Talking Dog says: "You sure don't throw like a girl..."
Talking Dog says: "which, from looking at you, makes a lot of sense."
Now he sits on the Mayor's desk and talks to Ms. Bellum.
Talking Dog says: "If you ask me, your face ain't so special."
Talking Dog says: "But your body - rowr!"
Back in the yard; he has the body of a doll in his mouth. Bubbles holds the head and cries - he has wrecked one of her playthings.
Talking Dog says: "How was I supposed to know she was such a crybaby?"
In the Mayor's office, the little man rubs the pooch's stomach.
Talking Dog says: "I'm glad you're not as bad at tummy rubs as you are at running the city."
The Professor's lab. He sits on the countertop as the rather nonplussed man works - with still more tattoos in evidence.
Talking Dog says: "So you do all this fancy hocus-pocus stuff and you can support three girls on this?"
With an irked Blossom, who is trying to read.
Talking Dog says: "Did anyone ever tell you that pinkeye is actually a disease?"
On the girls' bed; Bubbles sits nearby and looks daggers at him.
Talking Dog says: ""Chubbles."
Talking Dog says: "" Heh."
Talking Dog says: "I bet you get that a lot, huh?"
In the living room, the camera positioned behind him and Buttercup; they are visible as silhouettes. On the TV screen in front of them is a video game character that looks something like a cross between her and Blossom.
Talking Dog says: "So, does being a superhero ever give you a big head?"
Talking Dog says: "No pun intended, of course."
The yard, with all three girls clearly annoyed by his wisecracks.
Talking Dog says: "Sugar, spice and everything nice?"
Talking Dog says: "Let's not forget freaky-looking, bug-eyed and short-tempered."
Now he sits by a framed painting on the living room wall.
Talking Dog says: "Hey, who ate the chili and called it art?"
The exterior of the house, that night.
Talking Dog says: "What?"
Talking Dog says: "What?"
Talking Dog says: "What'd I say?"
Inside, he is again sleeping in Blossom's section of the bed; Buttercup, next to him and back in her own section, is down to her last good nerve. The camera is zoomed in on these two.
Buttercup says: "I don't know if I can take another day of this!"
Buttercup says: "Look what he's done to Bubbles!"
Cut to her. She is sitting partway down the bed on her side, huddled with her arms wrapped around her knees. What he said to her has obviously shaken her pretty severely.
Bubbles says: "I'm not a chubby crybaby..."
Bubbles says: "I'm not a chubby crybaby..."
Pull back to frame the entire bed; she continues repeating these words under the next line. Blossom is at the head of Bubbles' side.
Blossom says: "I know he's a little blunt, but he doesn't mean it."
Blossom says: "All we need is the location of the crime, and we can get him out of our hair."
He starts to whimper and shake in his sleep, and they lean in to listen.
Talking Dog says: "No..."
Talking Dog says: "no..."
Talking Dog says: "two men..."
Talking Dog says: "the smell..."
Talking Dog says: "no, no, no, don't do it!"
Talking Dog says: "..."
Talking Dog says: "the bag..."
Talking Dog says: "throwing it in..."
Talking Dog says: "the pier..."
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "Come on, girls!"
Cut to the exterior of the house; they take off through the windows. The sky above lightens into morning. Inside, seated on the living room couch, are the FBI agent, the Talking Dog, and the Professor. The tattooed man has now shed his lab coat, shirt, and tie to reveal that everything from the waist up has been liberally adorned, and he is admiring his handiwork. As the G-man taps his foot impatiently, the Talking Dog looks from one to the other. After several seconds, the sound of a girl flying in brings them to attention. Cut to just behind them, the camera pointing through the open space between the three heads to frame the arrival, who is Blossom.
Blossom says: "Good morning."
Blossom says: "I'm glad you're all here."
Blossom says: "I'm happy to say..."
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "the crime is solved."
Blossom says: "Bubbles?"
Her sister flies in through the open front door and stops. She has the large sack that was thrown into the water at the beginning of the episode.
Talking Dog says: "The bag!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup?"
Her other sister comes in, with the two Italians firmly in hand. The fat one carries a briefcase.
Agent says: "Blossom, who are these men?"
Blossom says: "These are the Staglione brothers, of the Staglione Brothers Bistro."
Agent says: "Mmm-hmm."
Agent says: "The restaurant near the pier?"
Italian 2 says: "It's a legitimate business!"
Italian 1 says: "Shhh!"
Agent says: "What do they have to do with the bag?"
Blossom says: "Simple."
Blossom says: "They thought they could send this bag of bones to a watery grave."
Blossom says: "But thanks to the Talking Dog, we sniffed 'em out."
Close-up of the bag's mouth, with a girl's hands - Bubbles' - ready to untie the rope around it.
Bubbles says: "See?"
Agent says: "Girls, no!"
Professor says: "Have some decency!"
Staglione brothers says: "Uh-oh."
Back to the sack. It is quickly untied to reveal that it is full of...
Agent says: "Beef bones?"
Staglione brothers says: "Whew!"
Blossom says: "You see, the Staglione brothers were trying to secretly dispose of all the leftover rib bones from the bistro."
Blossom says: "Isn't that right, boys?"
Fat Staglione says: "That's right."
Fat Staglione says: "They are beef bones."
Thin Staglione says: "From our legitimate restaurant business, yes."
The agent's disgust at this colossal waste of his time is expressed only by a slight drooping of his eyebrows.
Agent says: "So the horrible crime witnessed by the Talking Dog was simply a case of petty littering."
Talking Dog says: "Oh, the thought!"
Bubbles says: "I guess to a dog, it's just as bad as rubbing someone out."
She giggles, and the rest join in - even the agent, who now has a hand on each brother.
Agent says: "Come on, gentlemen."
Agent says: "Let's go."
Agent says: "You have some small fines to pay."
Blossom says: "You can open your eyes now."
He uncovers his eyes; cut to his perspective of the girls standing over him.
Blossom says: "It's all over."
Talking Dog says: "So, does this mean I'm free to go?"
Girls says: "YES!"
Talking Dog says: "I can't wait to leave, 'cause..."
Talking Dog says: "you know, I was just getting attached to you guys."
Talking Dog says: "You're like the family I never had."
Cut to a slow pan across the girls, who now look guilty at being eager to send him on his way. Tears form in Bubbles' eyes.
Talking Dog says: "..."
Talking Dog says: "I love you guys!"
He runs toward the camera. Cut to him and the girls in a group hug. When he speaks next, it is in his normal tone.
Talking Dog says: "Pee-yew!"
Talking Dog says: "Somebody definitely stepped in my poop."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved - thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Talking Dog says: ""So once again the day is saved"?"
Talking Dog says: "That's it?"
Talking Dog says: "That's the best you can do?"
Talking Dog says: "Come on, you're the Narrator."
Talking Dog says: "Where's the funny little quips we've come to love so much?"
Talking Dog says: "..."
Talking Dog says: "Oh."
Talking Dog says: "Bud, I understand."
Talking Dog says: "Heh."
Talking Dog says: "After five seasons and a movie, you're probably just tired and feel okay with just phoning it in, right?"
Talking Dog says: "Heh..."
Talking Dog says: "What?"
Talking Dog says: "What?"
Talking Dog says: "What'd I say?"