Bubbles says: "Ahhh..."
Bubbles says: "."
Professor Utonium says: "Oh, dear."
Professor Utonium says: "You got Spotted-Piglet Fever, all right."
Bubbles says: "Spotted-Piglet Fever?"
Professor Utonium says: "Oh, yes."
Professor Utonium says: "I recognize those symptoms, anyway."
Bubbles says: "I'm not leaving you, Mr."
Bubbles says: "Sherpa."
Bubbles says: "We're reaching..."
Bubbles says: "the summit together."
Professor Utonium says: "Okay, Bubbles."
Professor Utonium says: "No school for you today."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles gets to stay home, I'll have to go to school like a nerd?"
Blossom says: "No!"
Blossom says: "The snow..."
Blossom says: "so..."
Blossom says: "cold."
Buttercup says: "Blossom, too?"
Buttercup says: "Why do I have to so healthy and perfect?"
Professor Utonium says: "All right, open up."
Blossom says: "Mm-mm!"
Professor Utonium says: "Hmm..."
Professor Utonium says: "I know just what you need."
Professor Utonium says: "Here comes the airplane."
Buttercup says: "Ugh."
Buttercup says: "Here comes the song."
Schedulebot says: "Job interview today."
Schedulebot says: "Job interview today."
Schedulebot says: "Job interview today."
Schedulebot says: "Job interview today."
Buttercup says: "What was that?"
Professor Utonium says: "That was Schedulebot, reminding me I have a job interview today."
Professor Utonium says: "But I guess I'll have to cancel."
Professor Utonium says: "Someone has to take care of my little girls."
Buttercup says: "I'll stay home!"
Buttercup says: "How could I abandon my sisters when they're soooooo sick?"
Professor Utonium says: "Well, I don't like the idea of you skipping school."
Buttercup says: "In between taking care of these two, I'll be studying all day."
Buttercup says: "And besides..."
Buttercup says: "I'm super responsible."
Cut to Buttercup sitting on the couch with her soda and many snacks that she has.
Buttercup says: "Ah, responsibility."
Buttercup says: "And daytime television."
TV Announcer says: "Judge Trudy is in session."
Buttercup says: "It's justice time!"
Judge Trudy says: "Listen up, ya snortrags."
Judge Trudy says: "I don't want any funny stuff in my courtroom!"
Buttercup says: "Come on, Judge Trudy."
Buttercup says: "Show em' some daytime TV justice!"
Blossom says: "BUTTERCUUUUUUUUUUP!!!"
Bubbles says: "BUTTERCUUUUUUUUUUP!!!"
Buttercup says: "What?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup, my feet."
Bubbles says: "So cold."
Bubbles says: "Like the bitter snows of Everest."
Bubbles says: "Thank you."
Blossom says: "Buttercup, if I'm going to miss school, I need you to quiz me on fractions."
Buttercup says: "Come on!"
Buttercup says: "I'm missing half of Judge Trudy's good putdowns already!"
Blossom says: "Easy one."
Blossom says: "Next question!"
Buttercup says: "Whatever!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Buttercup says: "All right."
Buttercup says: "Open up, sickos!"
Blossom says: "Mm-mm."
Blossom says: "You have to sing the song!"
Buttercup says: "I don't sing."
Bubbles says: "We don't take the antidote without the song."
Buttercup says: "Fine."
Blossom says: "That wasn't..."
Buttercup says: "Mission accomplished!"
Judge Trudy says: "And that wraps up another day of justice."
Buttercup says: "Aw, man!"
Buttercup says: "I missed it!"
Buttercup says: "Those snortrags!"
Buttercup says: "What am I going to do now?"
Buttercup says: "I know!"
Buttercup says: "My bucket list."
Cut to the neutron logo on the brown wall. Then, we see Professor Utonium and the Female Interviewer are driving in a car.
Female Interviewer says: "Here at Corn Co."
Female Interviewer says: "Labs, we take corn very seriously."
Female Interviewer says: "And seriously like our work."
Professor Utonium says: "Gee, thanks."
Female Interviewer says: "This is our greatest achievement..."
Female Interviewer says: "Cornlossus!"
Female Interviewer says: "I guess you could say is a growing industry."
Professor Utonium says: "Hmm."
Female Interviewer says: "They, uh, require us to say that joke during the interview."
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Cut to Buttercup at the store holding straws.
Buttercup says: "Whoa."
Old Lady says: "Shouldn't you be in school, young man?"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Buttercup says: "Schedulebot, can't you see I'm in the middle of important..."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles?"
Buttercup says: "Blossom?"
Buttercup says: "My sisters are giant warthogs?"
Schedulebot says: "Well, without the antidote, one of the side effects of Spotted Piglet Fever is giant warthog-ism."
Buttercup says: "Now, you tell me."
Schedulebot says: "I'm Schedulebot, not Informationbot."
Buttercup says: "Listen, this is no time for jokes."
Buttercup says: "We need to get serious."
Buttercup says: "Now, I'm gonna do a triple backflip cartwheel out of this window and stop my warthog sisters from destroying the town."
Buttercup says: "You buy those straws that I picked out."
Bubbles and Blossom sniff on the road and see the annual street and banner that says "Townsville Foodtruck Day". Bubbles starts eating the taco truck, Blossom eats the noodle truck, Bubbles relaxes on the fudge truck, Blossom licks the juice truck, and Bubbles knocks the pork barbecue truck as Buttercup flies in.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Man says: "I shall be but a few minutes, my precious sweet chariot."
Man says: "Oh, how do I love you?"
Buttercup says: "Ow."
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Schedulebot says: "Antidote time!"
Man says: "Oh, my precious!"
Professor Utonium says: "Well, I should say that out of all my accomplishments, I'm most proud of my three little girls."
Female Interviewer says: "Aww, isn't that sweet?"
Professor Utonium says: "They're so responsible."
Buttercup says: "Come on!"
Schedulebot says: "Well, as I was saying, Ant..."
Buttercup says: "HOW DO I MAKE THEM DRINK THE ANTIDOTE?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "HOW DO I MAKE THEM DRINK IT UP!"
Buttercup says: "??!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Schedulebot says: "Drink the antidote, drink it up."
Schedulebot says: "Better from a plane, then from a cup!"
Buttercup says: "The song!"
Buttercup says: "Right."
Schedulebot says: "Closing on target!"
Schedulebot says: "Closing on target!"
Schedulebot says: "Closing in on..."
Buttercup says: "Good riddance."
Professor Utonium says: "Hmm."
Professor Utonium says: "What a traumatized looking bird."
Buttercup says: "Hey, Professor!"
Professor Utonium says: "So, did Buttercup take good care of you while I was gone?"
Buttercup says: "Piece of cake!"
Buttercup says: "Now, if anybody needs me, I'll be watching a sweet Judge Trudy mara..."
Professor Utonium says: "Ooh."
Professor Utonium says: "Looks like Spotted Piglet Fever, all right."
Buttercup says: "The summit!"
Buttercup says: "It has taken so many of my friends, but it shan't take me."
Schedulebot says: "Antidote ti-i-me."