(Pull back to show the shot as a billboard on top of a building; it is actually evening. The board bears the words “THE CITY OF TOWNSVILLE says: "“SMELLS."
” along with a piece of graffiti says: "“SMELLS."
Narrator says: "…smells?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Say, what’s going on here?"
As he continues, turn down to the street. Various derogatory messages have been painted on the buildings, and also on a picture of the Mayor.
Narrator says: "The Mayor’s dumb?"
Narrator says: "…Say, that’s just rude!"
Narrator says: "Who’s responsible for this?"
[Goof says: "The billboard reads "The mayor stinks", not "The mayor's dumb"."
(Stop at the entrance to a subway station says: "“POWERPUFF GIRLS ARE STUPID!"
dissolve to a slow pan along the tracks; we hear a can of spray paint being shaken says: "“POWERPUFF GIRLS ARE STUPID!"
used. Stop on a graffiti message says: "“POWERPUFF GIRLS ARE STUPID!"
(Stop at the entrance to a subway station says: "” A hand reaches into view and makes an addition; pull back to show it as Lil' Arturo’s."
dissolve to a slow pan along the tracks; we hear a can of spray paint being shaken says: "” A hand reaches into view and makes an addition; pull back to show it as Lil' Arturo’s."
used. Stop on a graffiti message says: "” A hand reaches into view and makes an addition; pull back to show it as Lil' Arturo’s."
(Stop at the entrance to a subway station says: "Ace stands next to him, looking on."
dissolve to a slow pan along the tracks; we hear a can of spray paint being shaken says: "Ace stands next to him, looking on."
used. Stop on a graffiti message says: "Ace stands next to him, looking on."
(Stop at the entrance to a subway station says: "The added word is “YEAH."
dissolve to a slow pan along the tracks; we hear a can of spray paint being shaken says: "The added word is “YEAH."
used. Stop on a graffiti message says: "The added word is “YEAH."
Narrator says: "The Gangreen Gang!"
Narrator says: "I should’ve known."
Lil' Arturo says: "Nice job, Ace!"
Ace says: "Yeah."
Pan further along the track to the sound of more spray-painting. Stop briefly on Grubber, putting up the visual equivalent of his raspberries, then continue on to Snake. Instead of tagging the tunnel, he merely stands there hissing. Cut to a bend in the tunnel up ahead of the station; a train rolls into view, headlights blazing. Back to Ace, Snake, Grubber, and Arturo.
Ace says: "Hey, you guys, am-scray!"
Ace says: "The train’s comin’!"
Up to the platform. He climbs onto it, followed by Grubber. Snake slithers up after them as the roar of the train grows louder.
Ace says: "Man, that was close!"
Ace says: "Everyone here?"
Snake says: "Yes-s-s."
Lil' Arturo says: "Sí."
Grubber says: "Pbbbppt!"
Pan quickly to the far wall of the tunnel. Big Billy is on the tracks, his back to the camera.
Ace says: "Billy?"
Lil' Arturo says: "There he is!"
(On the tracks says: "“GRAFFITI by Big Billy."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "“GRAFFITI by Big Billy."
(On the tracks says: "” He begins to laugh at this and continues even as the train’s headlights illuminate him."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "” He begins to laugh at this and continues even as the train’s headlights illuminate him."
(On the tracks says: "The laughter grows until he doubles over; back to the rest of the Gang, frantically yelling for him to get off the tracks, then to the street entrance to the station."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "The laughter grows until he doubles over; back to the rest of the Gang, frantically yelling for him to get off the tracks, then to the street entrance to the station."
(On the tracks says: "A few scraps of a paper rustle in a sudden strong gust of wind here, then along the tunnel as well."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "A few scraps of a paper rustle in a sudden strong gust of wind here, then along the tunnel as well."
(On the tracks says: "Billy continues to laugh, and the papers rustle down the tunnel."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "Billy continues to laugh, and the papers rustle down the tunnel."
(On the tracks says: "Now he laughs so hard he has to sit down; the papers rustle once again."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "Now he laughs so hard he has to sit down; the papers rustle once again."
(On the tracks says: "We see him lying on the tracks and laughing as the train roars into view; the papers go flying a fourth time."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "We see him lying on the tracks and laughing as the train roars into view; the papers go flying a fourth time."
(On the tracks says: "Each blowing is accompanied by the sound of the girls charging in."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "Each blowing is accompanied by the sound of the girls charging in."
(On the tracks says: "Close-up of his paint can."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "Close-up of his paint can."
(On the tracks says: "As the wheels grind over it, the contents splatter on the far wall and leak out onto the tracks."
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: "As the wheels grind over it, the contents splatter on the far wall and leak out onto the tracks."
(On the tracks says: ")"
Billy is looking at his work—a sloppy message says: ")"
Back to the platform. They set Billy down safely; cut to the rest of the Gang.
Ace says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Ace says: "Let’s get outta here!"
All but Billy make a break for it, but find the girls blocking their path.
Girls says: "Not so fast, Gangreen Gang!"
Back to Billy, sitting at the edge of the platform. As the others scatter behind him, he looks in wonderment at the track; the camera turns down to show the smashed can in front of him.
Billy says: "Billy’s can crush."
On the platform, Billy stands up, rising into view to a close-up. Behind him, Blossom is using Ace for a punching bag while Bubbles is hitting Arturo on the head.
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy would have been crushed like can."
Billy says: "Powerpuffs save Billy life."
The screen, now completely red, resolves into the front door of the girls’ house. Pull back quickly to show the exterior at night. Inside, the girls float into the front hall; the camera follows them to the kitchen. The Professor is in there, wearing rubber gloves and an apron.
Professor says: "Oh, girls!"
Professor says: "You have a visitor waiting for you upstairs."
Cut to behind him; he is at a sink full of dishwater. Now the camera points out into the hall. He goes back to work on the dishes.
Cut to inside the darkened bedroom. The door opens slowly, revealing the girls in the hall. Close-up of them, gasping sharply in surprise; cut to their perspective of Billy, sitting on the bed—the mattress of which is bowed considerably under his weight.
Girls says: "Big Billy!"
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "hello!"
Blossom says: "What are you doing here?"
Back to Billy. He wipes his nose on the back of his hand and leans down to them; they recoil as if expecting to be hit.
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy come to thank girls."
Billy says: "Billy saved from choo-choo by Powerpuff Girls."
Billy says: "Billy love Powerpuff Girls!"
Billy says: "Billy grateful."
Billy says: "Billy do everything for Powerpuff Girls!"
Blossom says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "Cool!"
Buttercup says: "A butler!"
Bubbles says: "Aww, he’s so cute."
Blossom says: "But—"
Blossom says: "what about the Gangreen Gang?"
Cut to the other members in their hideout.
Ace says: "Hey, where’s Billy?"
Arturo says: "Didn’t he get run over by the train?"
Ace says: "Oh, yeah, I forgot."
Back to the bedroom.
Blossom says: "HUDDLE!"
The girls gather for a quick talk. Camera shifts to point straight up at them from the floor.
Blossom says: "Girls!"
Blossom says: "He’s one of the Gangreen Gang!"
Bubbles says: "Aww, but he wants to thank us for saving his life."
Buttercup says: "And Batman has a butler."
The girls and the camera pull out of the huddle to find Billy playing with a squeaky rabbit toy.
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "bunny, bunny, bunny!"
Blossom says: "Well—"
Blossom says: "I guess he couldn’t do much harm."
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "Dinner’s ready!"
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy help!"
He runs across the room, sweeping them up in his arms as he goes, and crashes through the wall next to the open door. Cut to the dinner table, where he slaps them down into their seats as he passes—first Buttercup, then Bubbles, and finally Blossom, landing on her head, much to her dismay. He pops up behind the Professor, whose arms are loaded with full plates.
Billy says: "Billy help!"
The Professor is lifted into the air, yelling in surprise, and held at table level to deposit a plate in front of each girl. Blossom is the last to receive her meal; she smiles nervously up at him. Pull back to behind his chair as he is lowered into it. Now Blossom looks quite uneasy.
Dissolve to her and Billy; she looks up at him with worry and some disgust. He chomps noisily with his mouth open, bits of food falling down his chin. Pan slowly across to his other side, where Bubbles is sitting. She looks up at him, licking her chops, and begins to imitate his manner of chewing. Pan from her across the Professor, to Buttercup at the other side of the table. She regards her food with contempt and makes a sound of disgust.
Buttercup says: "I hate broccoli!"
Professor says: "Now, Buttercup, you must eat your vegetables."
Billy says: "If Buttercup doesn’t wanna eat vegetables, then she doesn’t eat vegetables!"
Professor says: "Okay..."
Back to Blossom, now looking very worried. Buttercup leans into view on her left.
Buttercup says: "See?"
Buttercup says: "I told you he would work out."
Blossom looks off to her right; cut to Bubbles, still chewing with her mouth open. Her face is now covered with food; pull back to show Billy seated next to her. He reaches across to wipe her mouth from time to time. Back to Blossom, who shrugs resignedly.
Wipe to the entire group watching TV on the couch. Billy takes up most of the space, with Bubbles and Buttercup sitting in his huge hands. Blossom and the Professor are perched on the arms of the couch; the latter looks very ill at ease.
Professor says: "Uh, girls, it’s bedtime."
Billy says: "Billy help ready Powerpuff Girls for bed!"
Cut to the bathroom. Billy reaches into view, holding a toothbrush and tube of toothpaste. He squeezes the tube hard enough to pop the cap off, dumping a huge glob of paste onto the brush. Reaching o.c. with the tube, he pulls Blossom into view. He brushes her teeth, then picks up a glass of water and dumps it into her mouth. Pull back to bring him into view as well. He lifts her up by the head and shakes her back and forth; close-up of her being held next to the sink so she can spit her mouthful into it.
Cut to the bedroom. Billy now has Bubbles by the feet and is swinging her back and forth so that her hair rubs across the hairbrush he is holding, bristles up. She giggles throughout. Cut to a side view of him, laughing, and turn slowly down to his feet. Buttercup is working out and using his gut for a heavy bag.
Dissolve to Bubbles asleep in bed and pan across her to Buttercup and Blossom as Billy speaks. Buttercup is also asleep, but Blossom eyes him warily; he is reading from a book of fairy tales, which he is holding upside down.
Billy says: "And the Hansel and the three blind mice climbed up the beanstalk to sell Mother Goose an old shoe!"
A quick dissolve and Billy has fallen asleep in his chair. Blossom continues to watch him out of one eye as he snores loudly. After several seconds, pull back across the room to show the hotline. It begins to buzz, waking everybody. Blossom tries to answer it, but Billy is the first to reach it, and he picks it up as the girls watch in surprise. Split-screen view, with the Mayor on the other side. Long pause.
Mayor says: "Hello?"
Billy says: "Hello."
Mayor says: "Blossom?"
Billy says: "No."
Mayor says: "Buttercup?"
Billy says: "No."
Mayor says: "Bubbles?"
Billy says: "No."
Mayor says: "Well, I don’t care who this is, but the girls better get down here immediately!"
Mayor says: "The bank is being robbed again!"
Mayor says: "Goodbye!"
Billy says: "Goodbye!"
Pull back to bring the girls into view next to him. He begins to hop from one foot to the other like an excited little kid, clapping his hands as well.
Billy says: "Oh, boy!"
Billy says: "Oh, boy!"
Billy says: "Oh, boy!"
Blossom says: "What is it, Billy?"
Blossom says: "What is it?"
Billy says: "Oh boy, oh boy!"
Blossom says: "Who was on the phone, Billy?"
Billy says: "The Mayor!"
Blossom says: "The Mayor called?"
Billy says: "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!"
Blossom says: "What did he say, Billy?"
Billy says: "Emergency!"
Billy says: "Emergency!"
Blossom says: "What emergency?"
Blossom says: "Where?"
Billy stops fidgeting and jumping. Now the excitement is gone from his voice.
Blossom says: "Where, Billy?"
Blossom says: "Where is the emergency?"
Buttercup says: "Come on, Billy!"
Bubbles says: "Think, Billy, think!"
Billy says: "Uh…uh…oh, yeah!"
Billy says: "The bank!"
Blossom says: "An emergency at the bank."
Blossom says: "Let’s go, girls!"
Cut to the exterior of the Townsville Bank. Three horses stand at the curb. An alarm sounds.
Narrator says: "Townsville Bank!"
Inside, three desperadoes—two tall, one short, with bandanas over their faces—have their six-shooters in hand.
Short robber says: "All right, hands up!"
Short robber says: "This is a robbery!"
Camera shifts to across the room in front of them; two guards have their hands up.
Narrator says: "The Bank-Robbing Gang!"
Narrator says: "Oh, how horrible!"
Girls says: "Not so fast, Bank-Robbing Gang!"
Cut to the girls, standing at the front entrance.
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy help!"
Blossom says: "Billy, what are you doing?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Billy says: "Helping!"
Pull back quickly across the lobby; the Bank-Robbing Gang members run across the screen, carrying sacks of money.
Blossom says: "They’re getting away!"
Billy says: "Uh?"
The robbers are at the door, mounted on their horses.
Short robber says: "Bye, Powerpuff Girls!"
Blossom says: "Thanks, Billy."
Blossom says: "You let them get away."
Billy says: "You’re welcome."
Guard says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Guard says: "The Mayor just called!"
Guard says: "He said you better be gettin’ down to Townsville Museum immediately."
Guard says: "Somebody’s stealin’ all the art!"
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy help!"
Blossom says: "No, Billy!"
Blossom says: "Wait!"
Cut to the exterior of the museum.
Narrator says: "Somebody’s stealing art from Townsville Museum!"
Narrator says: "Who could it be?"
Inside, turn up from a clay pot on the floor. A string of sausages rises into the air as an Indian flute is heard. Stop on the Salami Swami, the turban-clad fellow seen briefly during “Meat Fuzzy Lumpkins.” He is playing the flute and sitting on a magic carpet. The sausages respond like a charmed snake.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "It’s the Salami Swami!"
Pull back; the sausages have hold of paintings and other items.
Narrator says: "I never would have linked him to this crime!"
Cut to the main entrance, where Billy has burst in.
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "Billy help!"
Blossom says: "Billy, look out!"
He stands his ground, and as the links move on him, he neatly chews them up. The final chomp is shown in slow motion.
Buttercup says: "All right, Billy!"
Billy says: "Now it’s your turn!"
Pan quickly to the Swami, who plays a few scared notes. Billy grabs a painting from the floor and raises it over his head.
Blossom says: "No, Billy, no!"
The painting is slammed over the Swami’s head. Billy hits him with two more, followed by a statue; the Swami ends up with his head poking from the sculpture’s neck, his broken flute hanging and then falling from his mouth and coughing. The girls regard this development with great trepidation.
Guard says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Guard says: "The Mayor just called!"
Guard says: "There’s a giant monster c—"
Billy says: "Billy help!"
Cut to the exterior of the museum. Billy charges off, the girls following.
Girls says: "No, Billy!"
Girls says: "Come back!"
Cut to him running down the street. He stops short, looking up and making a sound of awe as a roar is heard from o.c. Cut to behind him from one side; a huge red beast with one eye and one horn towers over the buildings. It jumps up and lands on a few of them, reducing them to dust. Back to Billy; the girls fly across behind him and engage the monster. It knocks them away easily, and they slam into a wall next to him. Now he is fighting mad.
Billy says: "Big monster try to hurt Powerpuff Girls."
Billy says: "Billy hurt monster bad!"
Girls says: "No, Billy, don’t!"
Billy hits the monster with a flying shoulder charge; it slams flat into a building, knocking it over and into the one behind it. This one goes down as well, and so on. An entire row of buildings falls like dominoes. When the dust clears, Billy is seen from overhead, standing on top of the defeated creature with his arms raised in triumph. Pull back slowly; around him are several wrecked buildings.
Billy says: "BIG BILLY SAVE THE DAY!"
Back to the girls, still stuck to the wall. Zoom in slowly on the glaring Blossom, who looks ready to blow her stack.
Buttercup says: "Uh…Blossom, are you okay?"
Bubbles says: "Blossom?"
Blossom says: "First, you let the bank robbers get away!"
Blossom says: "Then you destroy irreplaceable art!"
Blossom says: "And now you’ve destroyed all of Townsville!"
Overhead view of the wrecked area on this last word, then back to them.
Blossom says: "You do less damage as a member of the Gangreen Gang!"
Blossom says: "NOW, GO!"
Billy’s mouth begins to wobble, and after a moment, he bursts into tears.
Billy says: "Billy no like you anymore!"
Billy says: "Billy go back to Gang!"
Cut to the exterior of the Gang’s hideout in the evening.
Inside, pan slowly across the table. The other four are playing poker. We can see Grubber’s cards—four aces. Snake lays down his cards; he has a full house—fives over twos. Ace shows his hand, also a full house—kings over sevens. Arturo reveals his cards, which make a full house of fours over sixes. Grubber shows his four-of-a-kind, which beats the others.
Grubber says: "Pbbbbppbbbbt!"
Arturo says: "Aw, man, Grubber always wins!"
Pull back. Grubber sticks his tongue out far enough to encircle the pile of poker chips in front of him, then pulls them into his mouth and swallows them in one huge gulp. Billy bursts in, lightning cracking behind him. Cut to Ace, who looks quite nonchalant.
Ace says: "Oh, hey, Billy, we thought you were dead."
Ace says: "Deal ’em again, Snake."
Billy says: "Ace, it was terrible!"
Billy says: "First, the Powerpuff Girls save Billy from choo-choo, then Billy try to help Powerpuffs, then Powerpuff Girls be mean—"
Ace says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second."
Ace says: "Billy, start over."
Billy turns around and walks back to the front door; the camera follows him there. He leaves. Pan back to Ace. Long silence.
Ace says: "Um…after you came in, Billy?"
Billy says: "Oh."
Billy says: "Sorry."
Wipe to Billy on the couch. Arturo sits on one arm, Grubber on the other, patting him on the back. Snake and Ace look on.
Billy says: "And so after the Powerpuff Girls were mean to Billy, I came back here!"
Ace says: "I can’t believe the Powerpuff Girls saved you!"
Ace says: "A member of the Gangreen Gang!"
Grubber launches into an extended soliloquy which, naturally, is totally unintelligible to us. It makes perfect sense to Ace, however.
Ace says: "Grubber, that is an excellent idea!"
Cut to outside the shack, pulling back slowly. Ace and Billy are visible in silhouette through the lighted window.
Ace says: "Billy, my boy, after tomorrow, you won’t have to worry about those mean Powerpuff Girls again!"
Narrator says: "And look!"
Narrator says: "It’s already tomorrow!"
Cut to the girls in flight.
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "Do you guys hear that?"
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "It’s coming from the subway."
Zoom in slightly on the street; a patch of it fades away, showing the subway tracks underneath—and Billy sitting on them, tied up. Close-up of Bubbles, her eyes glowing—she is using her X-ray vision to assess the situation.
Bubbles says: "It’s Big Billy!"
Blossom says: "Oh, no."
Blossom says: "Not again!"
Buttercup says: "Wait."
Buttercup says: "We’re not gonna save him again?"
Blossom says: "We have to."
Cut to Billy on the tracks. He does not seem particularly distressed about his circumstances.
Billy says: "Help."
Billy says: "Help, somebody."
Blossom says: "Billy, what are you doing?"
Billy says: "Duh—"
Billy says: "gotcha!"
Close-up of the girls; Snake’s pointed nose and Grubber’s bug eyes are visible at left.
Blossom says: "What?"
Ace says: "Gotcha!"
Snake says: "Gotcha!"
Billy snaps the ropes holding him, picks up a steel girder, and leans down with it. He bends it to and fro and then stands up; the girls are dropped onto the tracks, the girder wrapped around them. Cut briefly to an approaching train, then back to the girls, with the Gang around them.
Ace says: "The train’s comin’, girls, and you are—"
Grubber says: "Pbbpt!"
Ace says: "Well put, Grubber."
The girls begin to struggle and scream. However, we do not hear them, only the background music—think of this as a sort of silent movie. The train bears down on them; they struggle some more, and the Gang watches excitedly from the platform. Close-up of the train wheels, then of the girls still trying to break free. Back to the platform.
Ace says: "Man, that train’s comin’ fast!"
Arturo says: "Yeah!"
Arturo says: "That choo-choo is chuggin’!"
Billy says: "Choo-choo…?"
Quick sepia-toned flashback, in slow motion, of the girls pulling him out of the path of the train and setting him down on the platform. Back to the present moment.
Billy says: "Girls save Billy from choo-choo."
Billy says: "BILLY SAVE GIRLS FROM CHOO-CHOO!"
Ace says: "BILLY!"
Ace says: "DON’T BE A HERO!"
A long, drawn-out crash shakes the camera; Ace turns his head and covers his eyes. As the noise continues, cut to the tracks, at the rear of the train. It has been compacted like an accordion. Pans to the lead car, where we see Billy on the tracks—he has literally stopped the train singlehandedly, just before it could hit the girls. They have their eyes squeezed tightly shut and are waiting for annihilation. After a moment, realizing that they are still alive, they open their eyes and look back at Billy.
Extreme close-up of the twisted girders. Billy’s hands pull them aside, leaving the girls standing on the tracks and facing the camera.
Blossom says: "Thanks, Billy."
Blossom says: "Good."
The girls start dishing out a beatdown, punching, kicking, and throwing Billy around the tunnel.
Narrator says: "Billy, Billy, Billy."
Narrator says: "You saved the girls from danger."
Narrator says: "You done good!"
Narrator says: "But you put ’em there in the first place, so you done bad."
Billy crashes to the ground, and the girls go to work on the rest of the Gang.
Narrator says: "When will they ever learn that crime doesn’t pay?"
Narrator says: "It hurts!"
Narrator says: "Yowch!"
The girls throw a trio of punches toward the camera, and the screen explodes from stars into the standard end shot.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"