Narrator says: "The City of Townsville!"
The exterior of Townsville Hall.
Narrator says: "The setting of Townsville."
A couch in the Mayor’s office.
Narrator says: "The settee of Townsville."
The Mayor walks into view, hops onto the couch, and pulls out a compact disc.
Narrator says: "The CD of Townsville."
Close-up of a record player turntable. The disc is set on this, and the needle is lowered. Pull back to show the player as an old Victrola, the needle screeching and squeaking against the plastic since this was not one of the old phonograph records it is used to playing. Pull back across the office. The Mayor snaps his fingers to the “beat”, completely oblivious to how the CD is not a perfect match for the Victrola's design as a phonograph record player and is probably ruining the disc in the process.
Narrator says: "The pity of Townsville."
Ms. Bellum steps into view, her back to the camera. Cut to in front of her, at the office door, and turn up from her feet. She has one hand on her hip.
Narrator says: "The pretty of Townsville."
Back to the couch. She walks into view next to the Mayor, who is still snapping away, oblivious to her presence in the room at this point.
Mayor says: "Ooh, mama!"
Mayor says: "This techno music is dope."
Ms. Bellum produces a makeup case, takes out a tube of lipstick, and touches herself up a bit. Of course, we do not see the end result. She puts the case aside, then crosses her legs and clears her throat—softly at first, then louder, leaning toward him. He pays no attention, still snapping away to the "beat".
Mayor says: "A glass of water will clear that right up."
When she speaks, her voice takes on a low, seductive tone—an urbane Mae West, perhaps.
Ms. Bellum says: "Let’s shut this off, shall we?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Much better."
Ms. Bellum says: "Don’t you think?"
Mayor says: "Uh, sure."
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Yes?"
Mayor says: "Is there something on your mind?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, I’m so glad you asked."
Ms. Bellum says: "Could I take the rest of the afternoon off?"
This request startles him considerably. Close-up of him.
Mayor says: "The rest of the afternoon?!"
Mayor says: "!"
Mayor says: "I don’t know, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "There’s so much to do, and so little time."
She leans into view facing him, her hair blocking him from sight. We hear a big sloppy kiss being planted. She leans o.c., and he now has the print of her lips on the end of his nose.
Mayor says: "Ok."
He stays on the couch. Pull back across the office. The only sound is the ticking of a clock. Through the window, afternoon fades to night and the room darkens. After some moments, the door bursts open o.c. and Ms. Bellum runs into view. Her come-hither air is replaced by total panic.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor!"
Mayor says: "Back for seconds, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "No, Mayor."
Ms. Bellum says: "I’ve got to call the girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "Girls, Townsville Bank has just been robbed."
On the end of this, the scene dissolves around her to the bank lobby. In front of her, the vault stands open and empty. The girls fly in, one by one, in time with the next three lines.
Blossom says: "No clues here."
Buttercup says: "Nothing over there."
Bubbles says: "I couldn’t find anything either."
Blossom says: "Not one shred of evidence."
Buttercup says: "That criminal was thorough."
Bubbles says: "Very."
Back to Ms. Bellum. Behind her, two cops look over things before separating to go different ways to continue the investigation.
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh!"
Ms. Bellum says: "I’m so sorry."
Ms. Bellum says: "I’m sorry!"
The Girls stare at Ms. Bellum in total shock and concern at her breaking down and crying at believing the robbery was totally her fault for not contacting them sooner. Cut to a side view of them as several officers are seen in the background looking over the crime scene. One begins walking across the screen as the Girls comfort Ms. Bellum.
Bubbles says: "It’s not your fault, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Bellum."
Buttercup says: "Why don’t you go home now?"
Blossom says: "Yes, get some sleep."
Blossom says: "We’ll finish up here."
Ms. Bellum says: "Thank you, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "I will."
Fade to black.
Fade into the exterior of Townsville Hall in the afternoon.
Inside, Ms. Bellum enters the Mayor’s office and stops at his desk, leaning across it. The seductive tone has returned to her voice.
Ms. Bellum says: "Hello, Mayor."
Mayor says: "Good day, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
He looks up at her. His eye pops wide open, and he breaks his pencil. His perspective of her.
Mayor says: "…thing?"
Mayor says: "Heh… Uh, pencil go snap."
Close-up of the broken pencil in his hand. She reaches into view and holds it with him.
Ms. Bellum says: "Here."
Ms. Bellum says: "Let me help you with that."
She guides his hand to the electric pencil sharpener on his desk. Pull back to show him babbling with his eye rolling up in his head—this is having quite an effect on him. When the machine stops, he sighs contentedly and looks in surprise at the pencil, now ground down to a nub.
Mayor says: "Uh, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum, is there something on your mind?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, I’m so glad you asked."
Ms. Bellum says: "Could I take the rest of the afternoon off?"
Mayor says: "The rest of the afternoon?"
Mayor says: "I don’t know, Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "So much to do, so little time?"
Again she leans into view, her hair blocking him from sight, and kisses him. When she leans away, he has another lip-print on his nose.
Mayor says: "Ok."
Through the window, day fades into the night as the clock’s ticking is heard. After a few moments, cut to Ms. Bellum at the office door, where she has just burst in, again panicked.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mayor!"
Mayor says: "You know, we got to stop meeting like this."
Ms. Bellum says: "The jewelry store has just been robbed."
The scene dissolves around her to a store with a row of smashed display cases. The girls hover in front of her.
Buttercup says: "Man, not one stinking clue again."
Blossom says: "It has to be the same criminal."
Bubbles says: "But, lucky for us, Ms."
Bubbles says: "Bellum was around again, too."
Blossom says: "You did everything you could, Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum."
Blossom says: "Why don’t you go home and rest?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Thank you."
Ms. Bellum says: "I will."
Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall in the afternoon.
Inside, Ms. Bellum is in front of the Mayor’s desk, her back to the camera. She is heard planting several kisses. When she moves aside, he has lipstick all over his face.
Mayor says: "You can take off the whole week."
Cut to the office door as it slams shut, then dissolve back to him, looking very much out of it after getting so many kisses this time around. Dissolve to the sun in the afternoon sky, which becomes the moon at night, and back to the still-immobile Mayor. Now Ms. Bellum bursts in and picks up the hotline. Around her, the scene dissolves to a hallway in the museum. All the artwork is gone. The girls, hovering in front of her, shake their heads in bewilderment. Once more, it seems the thief has outsmarted them for a third time.
Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall in the afternoon.
Inside, the Mayor sprays cologne on himself, using an old-style atomizer. He straightens his bow tie and checks his breath, then folds his hands on the desk, apparently ready for Ms. Bellum to plant another kiss or several on his face like before so he'll excuse her for more time off. Pull back to the ticking of the clock. Once again day fades into night. Cut to his side of the desk and zoom in slightly on the door—which does not burst open this time. Close-up of him as he soon realizes she's not showing up this time and he's been stood up, much to his suppressed anger, as his face remains unchanged since he started waiting for her earlier that day.
Mayor says: "That woman is so fired."
A fax machine starts up o.c., and he turns his head in surprise. Cut to it, with a transmission coming in—the paper shows jagged rows of text—then to the exterior of the girls’ house at night.
Blossom says: "Who could it be?"
Inside, Blossom floats across the bedroom in midair as she continues. The camera follows her over to her sisters in their beanbag chairs. She paces behind them. Bubbles is thinking very hard.
Blossom says: "Who could be clever enough to not leave any trace of the crime?"
Buttercup says: "Maybe it was Mojo Jojo."
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "It was too well-planned out."
Buttercup says: "True."
Buttercup says: "How about “Him”?"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "Too trivial."
Buttercup says: "Gangreen Gang?"
Blossom says: "Juvey."
Buttercup says: "Oh, yeah."
Bubbles says: "Fuzzy Lumpkins!"
[Note says: "“Juvey” is slang for “juvenile hall,” where the Gang would most likely have ended up after their graffiti spree in “Slave the Day."
The hotline buzzes and Blossom goes and picks it up.
Blossom says: "What is it, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "What?"
Cut to behind the other two girls. Blossom has hung up the phone.
Blossom says: "Girls, new details have come to light."
Blossom says: "City Hall, on the double!"
They take off through the ceiling. Quick cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall as they approach, then go inside the office, the camera pointing at the door. It swings open, revealing the girls. Side view of the Mayor in an armchair by the fire, his head bowed. Long silence. Cut to a head-on view of him, the girls floating into view behind him, then to a close-up of them.
Mayor says: "Challenges met, opponents defeated, hurdles jumped."
Mayor says: "I have accomplished more than most men without the use of my brain."
Mayor says: "Do you know what it is that makes a man, girls?"
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Girls says: "What?"
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Sara Bellum, the brains behind the man."
Mayor says: "I just received this fax."
Blossom looks at it, the other girls reading over her shoulders. Her perspective; it is the one that came in earlier. The message is composed of letters and words cut from magazines. It's a ransom note.
Blossom says: "“I have Bellum."
Blossom says: "Bring one million in unmarked, non-consecutive bills to Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum’s house."
Blossom says: "No funny stuff."
Blossom says: "Love, Sedusa."
[Dialogue/animation goofs says: "The actual amount of money on the note is $100 million, and Ms."
[Dialogue/animation goofs says: "Bellum is referred to as Miss."
Close-up of the girls, still studying the note.
Bubbles says: "Sedusa?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Buttercup says: "That’s a bummer, man."
Blossom says: "Don’t worry, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We’ll get your Bellum back."
Blossom says: "Let’s roll!"
Fade to black.
Fade into the night sky and turn down to Ms. Bellum’s house, seen from the street. A twisting path leads up to the structure—rather stark and angular in its plan, after the style of Frank Lloyd Wright. The mailbox/intercom speaker at street level shows her address as 69 Yodelinda Valley Lane. Cut to an overhead view of the girls flying over the area.
Blossom says: "There’s Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum’s home!"
They stop over the house, a swimming pool behind it. Close-up of them. Bubbles has a valise.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, scan the structure and locate Sedusa."
Buttercup says: "I’m on it."
Her eyes glow green. Cut to her perspective, panning across the house. The view is green, with outlines of the furniture visible—she is using her X-rays. Stop at one end, where two glowing figures are seen.
Buttercup says: "I’m picking up two life forms in the north wing."
Blossom says: "That’s them."
Bubbles says: "Blossom, Roger—"
Bubbles says: "I mean, Roger, Blossom."
Blossom says: "Ok, wing attack plan R."
Blossom says: "Let’s move in."
Inside, the girls crash through the ceiling. Ms. Bellum stands over Sedusa at the end of the room.
Blossom says: "Ok, Sedusa, we’ve got your money."
Blossom says: "Now give us back—"
Close-up of the two women. Sedusa is tied to a chair, her head down.
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Girls, thank goodness you’re here."
Sedusa raises her head. Her eyes are wide, and a strip of tape covers her mouth. She makes muffled cries of panic, possibly over being overpowered and captured. Pull back. The girls fly up, one by one, in time with the next three lines.
Blossom says: "Whoa!"
Bubbles says: "Holy cow!"
Buttercup says: "Dude!"
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum, I thought you and she, but—"
Blossom says: "And then how—"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Ms. Bellum says: "Girls, girls, the details are unimportant now."
Ms. Bellum says: "What is important is that I’m safe, and we can send this criminal to jail."
Cut to Sedusa, now sounding even more frantic through the tape, as if pleading with the Girls to not listen to Ms. Bellum, and back to her.
Ms. Bellum says: "Look, it’s been a long day."
Blossom says: "Oh, yes, here, let me help you."
Blossom says: "Why don’t you take a seat?!"
Blossom says: "!"
She flings Ms. Bellum the full length of the room. Sedusa grunts in surprise as Ms. Bellum slams into a couch, knocking it over. The girls fly up to survey the results of the strike. Ms. Bellum’s hand reaches up from behind the couch, and she climbs up, groaning slightly.
Ms. Bellum says: "Uh… Girls, have you gone out of your heads?!"
Ms. Bellum says: "!"
Blossom says: "Don’t “girls” us, you imposter!"
Buttercup says: "You expect us to believe that you happened to witness every crime?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Blossom says: "Or that you happened to be kidnapped?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "And singlehandedly subdued Sedusa?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Bubbles says: "Well, think again..."
Bubbles says: "Sedusa!"
Now Sedusa stands behind the overturned couch, her true face and writhing, overgrown hair exposed, and a look of seething rage at being exposed written all over her face. She still wears Ms. Bellum’s clothes, though. She leaps over the couch, snarls, and lashes out toward the girls with one of the locks of her writhing hair.
Blossom says: "Look out!"
Buttercup says: "Look out!"
Bubbles is hit dead on. She screams as the strand carries her along. It slams her into the window, leaving her pinned under pink slime. She struggles to pull loose, but without success.
Bubbles says: "Uh!"
Bubbles says: "Uh!"
Bubbles says: "Uh!"
Bubbles says: "Help!"
Bubbles says: "I’m stuck!"
Sedusa says: "How do you like my new hair gel?"
Buttercup flies to Bubbles and starts scraping at the goo that holds her.
Buttercup says: "I got you, Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "Buttercup, look out!"
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Buttercup is yanked into and out of view, yelling in surprise, and finally plastered to the window next to Bubbles. She tries to free herself and fails.
Buttercup says: "Uhh!"
Buttercup says: "Uhh!"
Buttercup says: "Sorry, Bubbles."
Sedusa says: "Two down, one to go."
Sedusa says: "You girls stick around while I finish your sister."
Blossom is working on untying the captive Sedusa, now knowing it is really Ms. Bellum in disguise to throw off the Girls, but is having trouble undoing the ropes.
Blossom says: "I’ve almost got it!"
Sedusa says: "You stay away from her!"
Blossom says: "Make me!"
Sedusa says: "I’m glad you asked."
She reaches into her suit jacket and pulls out two flat objects—perhaps pieces of armor plating she wore under her bra. She hurls these at Blossom, who deflects them easily.
Blossom says: "You‘ll have to do better than that."
Sedusa says: "Merely a diversionary tactic."
Sedusa says: "Look behind you."
Blossom does so and finds a lock of hair reared up next to her arm. She is grabbed and held fast, and her other limbs are seized as well. Cut to her perspective of Sedusa from overhead.
Sedusa says: "Try picking those locks."
More hair snakes toward the camera, blacking out the screen for a moment. Fade in to show all three girls stuck to the window. The top of Sedusa’s hair is visible at the bottom of the screen.
Blossom says: "Sorry, guys."
Bubbles says: "That’s ok, Blossom."
Buttercup says: "That’s ok, Blossom."
Sedusa says: "Now, my only dilemma is whether to finish you off quickly, or do it painfully slow."
Sedusa says: "But that would be splitting hairs!"
Sedusa says: "Ah, ha, ha, ha!"
She laughs madly, the fireplace casting a deranged glow over her as it momentarily flares up as she cackles, before the next line brings her out of her celebration and the fireplace calms down with it. She suddenly stops and stands still, looking to the right as she hears a voice.
Ms. Bellum says: "Not so fast, Sedusa!"
Pull back. She stands across from Sedusa. She still wears Sedusa's face and outfit. Like Sedusa, Ms. Bellum's hair from the mask is slithering about, but only for the moment and when it is seen again, it stops moving. Sedusa glares at her.
Ms. Bellum says: "You haven’t won yet."
Sedusa says: "You think you can beat me when your superheroes could not?"
Sedusa says: "Never!"
Cut to in front of Ms. Bellum, still speaking through Sedusa's face.
Ms. Bellum says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Ms. Bellum says: "!"
She reaches towards the bottom of her face and pulls the mask off from the chin. Just before it gives way, cut to behind her, as her mass of curly red-orange hair erupts into view. Her hair covers her actual face for the remainder of the encounter. Still wearing Sedusa's leotard, Ms. Bellum holds the torn off mask in her right hand.
Ms. Bellum says: "Try me!"
She throws the mask aside as the two women standoff for a second. Sedusa immediately lashes at Ms. Bellum with a lock of hair, catching her around her waist tight. Sedusa smiles as Ms. Bellum has her arms sticking out.
Ms. Bellum says: "Ugh!"
Sedusa lifts her off the ground and into the air. Cut to the girls trapped on the window. Ms. Bellum comes into view with her arms down and her hair draped over her face and chest. Sedusa's pink hair gel can be seen stuck to her waist where Sedusa's hair is grabbing her.
Girls says: "Ms."
Girls says: "Bellum!"
Cut to behind Ms. Bellum, off the ground looking at Sedusa. Sedusa angrily stares at her, as she readies another lock of hair. Sedusa lashes at her face as Ms. Bellum clenches her fists in pain and a tuft of red-orange hair shoots out. Just as the hit connects, cut to the girls.
Girls says: "Ooh!"
Ms. Bellum is then seen flying through the air with sheer velocity, her arms and legs sticking up. She lands o.c. to a loud thud.
Sedusa looks down on her, chuckling maliciously, as she leans in to attack. Ms. Bellum catches her off-guard by reaching up to grab her by the hair and pull her down. She lies on top of Sedusa, punching her in the face twice. Sedusa kicks her in the gut that propels her down the length of the room and into a spiral staircase. Ms. Bellum leans on top of it as Sedusa rushes in and grabs her by her hair. Ms. Bellum is immediately seen rushing through the air to the right until she finally slams into a shelf of knickknacks, landing and sitting in its rubble. Cut quickly to a glass table and small rug, immediately followed by Ms. Bellum being thrown onto the table from the right, shattering it and lying on top of the rug with her arms and legs spread out. Cut to the girls stuck on the window, their faces worried. Suddenly, Ms. Bellum is tossed from the left, and impacts up against the window next to the girls. She slides slowly down o.c. to a thud as the girls stare down at her, mouths agape.
Despite taking a massive beating from Sedusa from both her hair and from being thrown around, Ms. Bellum manages to still stand up. Sedusa taunts her, signaling her to come at her. Ms. Bellum shakes her fists in anger in response. She moves in, catching Sedusa with a flying tackle. Cut to outside the house, at the edge of the pool. The windows are a very short distance away. After a moment, the two women crash through in a shower of glass. Freeze frame of them suspended in midair, tumbling toward the water.
Now they sink slowly to the bottom of the pool. Sedusa shoves Ms. Bellum, as the latter swims for the surface, but Sedusa grabs her by the ankle and drags her down again, followed by a punch to the face. She retaliates with a kick to the jaw. The two trade blows, a punch to the gut and an uppercut from Sedusa to Ms. Bellum. The exchange ends with Ms. Bellum delivering a kick to Sedusa, who goes up for air after she recovers. Cut to the edge, just above water. A small patch begins to bubble, and Sedusa pokes her head up, gasping for air. She disappears under the water. From inside the pool, we see Ms. Bellum grabbing her by the belt and directing a punch her way. She screams, her voice sounding very bubbly, and the screen flashes white. When it clears, Sedusa sinks to the bottom, unconscious, as Ms. Bellum watches. Certain that Sedusa is out for the count, Ms. Bellum goes and swims up to the surface.
She climbs out of the pool and staggers to the broken window. When she first surfaces, her hair has lost its normal curliness and gone all wet and slick against her back and shoulders but snaps right back to its normal curly style as she staggers over to the window frame to catch her breath from nearly drowning while fighting Sedusa underwater. She puts her hand against the broken window frame, hair wet and draped over her face. She starts moaning and gasping for air, followed by coughing. Behind her, the water bubbles and Sedusa pokes her head up. Now her hair is quite limp and soggy. Cut to behind Ms. Bellum, showing her legs and one hand dangling down her center, dripping with water. It is clear she hasn't fully recovered yet.
Sedusa says: "This isn’t over."
She attempts to lash out with a lock of hair at Ms. Bellum, but it falls limply back over her face. She tries again, with the same result—her hair gel has been washed out. The venom and anger evaporate from her face, replaced by disbelief and shock at what has become of her hair.
Sedusa says: "Oh, my poor hair!"
Inside, a vase is grabbed from a shelf and its flowers are tossed to the floor. Cut to the girls. A splash of water is thrown onto them from o.c.—the water in the vase—and they break loose after a short effort. Blossom is first, then Bubbles and Buttercup at the same time. They float in front of Ms. Bellum, her back to the camera and her hands at her hips.
Blossom says: "Thanks for getting us out of that hairy situation."
Suddenly, as the next line is spoken, all four turn to the right. Cut to Sedusa’s feet and turn up to her head on the next line. She is ready to go again, with or without her hair.
Sedusa says: "I don’t need my hair to beat you."
Her perspective of the four, shifting from one to the next. The three whose faces can be seen glare at her with unbridled fury.
Sedusa says: "Blossom?"
Sedusa says: "Buttercup?"
Sedusa says: "Bubbles?"
Sedusa says: "Bellum?"
Ms. Bellum says: "Let’s finish this, shall we, girls?"
Girls says: "Let’s!"
Sedusa says: "Please!"
Sedusa says: "Anything but that!"
Close-up of the scissors snapping in Ms. Bellum’s hand, then cut to the side of the pool perpendicular to the windows. Silhouettes of the five are seen inside. As Sedusa cries out, pan across the pool away from the windows, putting the group out of view.
Sedusa says: "No, no, Please!"
Sedusa says: "No, stop."
Sedusa says: "No, don’t!"
Sedusa says: "Don’t!"
Sedusa says: "Nooooooooo!"
Stop at the other end of the pool, the city skyline visible in the background. Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall in the afternoon.
Extreme close-up of the Mayor in his office. He is ecstatic.
Mayor says: "Oh, my dear sweet Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum."
Mayor says: "It’s so good to have you back."
Mayor says: "I would have gladly paid 50 million dollars for your safe return."
Ms. Bellum says: "That reminds me."
Ms. Bellum says: "Girls, where on earth did you come up with a million dollars for the ransom?"
They are in front of her. The valise Bubbles was carrying sits open on the floor.
Blossom says: "It wasn’t really a million dollars."
Buttercup says: "It was the Mayor’s dirty laundry."
Bubbles says: "The whites!"
Mayor says: "Uh, speaking of dirty laundry, don’t you think we should let them in on our little secret, hmm?"
Ms. Bellum says: "For the last time, Mayor, it was not me trying to seduce you."
Ms. Bellum says: "It was Sedusa, dressed up like me."
Ms. Bellum says: "Where are you going?"
Mayor says: "To the prison."
Mayor says: "Visiting hours are almost over."
Mayor says: "Toodles!"
He shuts the door. The girls and Ms. Bellum look after him, puzzled.
The background for the end shot comes up.
Ms. Bellum appears front and center in Blossom’s pose.
Narrator says: "thanks to Ms."
(The girls appear says: "Bubbles on the left, Buttercup and Blossom on the right, looking up at her with admiration."
(The girls appear says: ")"
Narrator says: "and the Powerpuff Girls, the Cuties of Townsville."
Narrator says: "The End!"
Narrator says: "We’ll see you again soon!"