Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "The happiest, cleanest, safest little town on earth."
As he continues, pull back slowly to show the view framed in the window of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Buttercup looks out, her back to the camera.
Narrator says: "Home of the Powerpuff Girls."
Narrator says: "And the Professor, the Mayor, Ms."
Narrator says: "Bellum, Ms."
Narrator says: "Keane, Talking Dog, Mojo Jojo, and the well-meaning, but often-imperiled, townspeople of Townsville."
Buttercup turns her head suddenly, looking impatiently up o.c.
Buttercup says: "Come on, come on!"
(Cut to the wall clock says: "00."
which shows the time as a few minutes before 2 says: "00."
(Cut to the wall clock says: "A few seconds tick by, and we see a close-up of Buttercup again."
which shows the time as a few minutes before 2 says: "A few seconds tick by, and we see a close-up of Buttercup again."
(Cut to the wall clock says: "The clock face is reflected in her eyes."
which shows the time as a few minutes before 2 says: "The clock face is reflected in her eyes."
(Cut to the wall clock says: "The clicking of the second hand is greatly magnified."
which shows the time as a few minutes before 2 says: "The clicking of the second hand is greatly magnified."
(Cut to the wall clock says: ")"
which shows the time as a few minutes before 2 says: ")"
Pull back to behind the front desk. Ms. Keane has her back to the camera and her hands on her hips.
Ms. Keane says: "Buttercup!"
Ms. Keane says: "Please, pay attention!"
Ms. Keane says: "Now, where was I?"
Ms. Keane says: "Oh, yes."
She writes the equation “1 + 1 = 2” as she continues.
Ms. Keane says: "If Billy and Sally each had an apple, then that’s two apples."
Ms. Keane says: "Hmmm…but if Billy threw his apple to Sally—"
Cut to behind her. She begins to fill the board with equations and figures, growing increasingly engrossed in her work.
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Ms. Keane says: "at a trajectory of 1."
Ms. Keane says: "8 meters per second, assuming an Einsteinium universe, the distance between two points remaining constant, space and time being two elements of the same ratio, those elements being the interval between two successive events—"
Close-up of her, still working intently.
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Ms. Keane says: "the quantum rules that govern the subatomic level of the universe—"
Cut to a slow pan across the class, the girls in the foreground. Everybody looks absolutely mystified by this show of advanced mathematics and scientific calculations that's way beyond them for even their ages.
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Ms. Keane says: "according to Einstein’s theory of relativity, times the unweighted consonatic quantity when approaching the speed of light."
Quick shot of her hand at the board, then pan across it. It is now filled with formulas.
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Ms. Keane says: "somewhere in the neighborhood of fifty years."
Ms. Keane says: "Hm."
She chuckles briefly, then realizes that this is completely over the heads of her students and turns away from the board.
Ms. Keane says: "But we’ll cover all that later on."
Ms. Keane says: "And don’t forget anything in the coat cupboard."
A herd of kids thunders past her. Cut to just outside the door. Buttercup throws it open.
Buttercup says: "Free at last!"
The kids swarm out. Side view of the door.
Buttercup says: "Oh, boy, a whole weekend in the Bahamas!"
Buttercup says: "I can’t wait!"
Blossom says: "And a whole weekend away from…the city of Townsville."
Pull back on this last, then zoom in again.
Buttercup says: "And the hotline phone."
Bubbles says: "Powerpuff Girls, this is the Mayor."
Bubbles says: "Get over here right away."
Bubbles says: "I seem to have accidentally flushed myself down the toilet!"
She and Blossom have a good laugh over this and hug each other. Buttercup flies up to them, looking quite cocky. Cut to a close-up of the schoolyard fence.
Bubbles says: "Who you calling a slowpoke, fathead?"
Buttercup says: "On your mark!"
Blossom says: "Get set!"
Bubbles says: "Go!"
Ms. Keane says: "Bye, girls!"
The girls flash down the street. A car in their path is cut clean in two when they slice through it. A man on the corner watches them go.
Man 1 says: "Slow down!"
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "00."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "00."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "The second hand slows down slightly."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "The second hand slows down slightly."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "The image of the block begins to stretch and warp as if the center part of it is being pulled down a sink drain."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "The image of the block begins to stretch and warp as if the center part of it is being pulled down a sink drain."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "It becomes a tunnel, with flashes of light all over its walls."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "It becomes a tunnel, with flashes of light all over its walls."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "The girls fly along this."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "The girls fly along this."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Blossom pulls into view first, followed by Bubbles."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Blossom pulls into view first, followed by Bubbles."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "A moment later, Buttercup roars past them, and Bubbles puts on an extra burst of speed to catch up."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "A moment later, Buttercup roars past them, and Bubbles puts on an extra burst of speed to catch up."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "The girls fly on, deadlocked."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "The girls fly on, deadlocked."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Close-up of Buttercup, sweating and straining to get out in front."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Close-up of Buttercup, sweating and straining to get out in front."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "After a few moments, her body begins to elongate slightly."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "After a few moments, her body begins to elongate slightly."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Pull back to show all three girls, still in a dead tie."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Pull back to show all three girls, still in a dead tie."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Freeze frame, the light trails disappearing."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Freeze frame, the light trails disappearing."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Silence."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Silence."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: "Extreme close-up of Bubbles, panning slowly across her face, then of Blossom’s feet, panning toward her head."
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: "Extreme close-up of Bubbles, panning slowly across her face, then of Blossom’s feet, panning toward her head."
(His call to them goes unheard as we see them rocket past Townsville Hall says: ")"
down a street with a clock tower. The time is just after 3 says: ")"
Buttercup says: "I told you I’d win!"
Extreme close-up of Buttercup’s face, then cut to behind the girls as the scene accelerates to “normal” time. They race away from the camera and disappear in a flash of light. Now we see them as nothing but three brilliant streaks barreling down the tunnel. An opening appears, with their house just visible through it. Cut to above the fence in the yard. A funnel depression appears, and the girls blast out of this to land on the front lawn. Buttercup is first, then Blossom and finally Bubbles. Behind them, the house is a wreck—the windows are smashed, and there are cracks in all the walls.
Close-up of Bubbles as she stands up. Buttercup laughs loudly o.c.. Cut to her at the front door, opening it.
Buttercup says: "I told you I’d win!"
Cut to them floating down the hall.
Bubbles says: "You already said that!"
Buttercup says: "No, I didn’t."
Bubbles says: "And besides, you cheated!"
Buttercup says: "I didn’t have to cheat."
Buttercup says: "I’m just more aerodynamic than you."
Buttercup says: "I don’t have big powder puffs to slow me down."
On the words “powder puffs,” she thumps Bubbles’ hair. A little bit of dust rises from it. That proves to be the last straw as what Bubbles shouts next causes Buttercup to realize too late she took her taunting and teasing too far.
Bubbles says: "PROFESSOR!!"
Cut to inside the lab, darkened, the camera pointing across the room toward the door. The equipment is in a state of disrepair, and there are cobwebs in the corners. The next two lines echo slightly across space.
Bubbles says: "Professor!"
In the distance, the door opens and the silhouette of Bubbles’ head pokes in. She stops crying, and her sisters peek in next to her.
Bubbles says: "Professor?"
The equipment sparks and crackles, clearly having been left to fall into disrepair for some time now, and the camera pan along with the room to the far end. In the distance, we can see a work table and the silhouette of a man behind it. Close-up of the corner of the table; a box of sugar and a jar of spice are there, along with a beaker and a few flowers. A cracked voice begins to speak, and as it does, pan slowly along the table to show an old man dressed in rags. He is mixing a concoction in a cauldron and holding a flask of some chemical. We only see him from the shoulders down. His face and head is hidden by the top of the screen.
Old man says: "Sugar, spice, and…powdered rice?"
He pours the contents of his flask into the cauldron, and after a moment, thick gray smoke boils up and obscures him. As he speaks again, turn up toward his face. It is clear he is trying to recreate the Powerpuff Girls, but has been unable to remember the everything nice ingredient that came after the sugar and spice steps and before the addition of Chemical X.
Old man says: "No, no!"
Old man says: "Darn!"
His perspective of the girls. Bubbles starts in surprise. Buttercup’s hair is back to normal.
Old man says: "Why didn’t I write it down?!"
Old man says: "!"
(Close-up of him as the smoke clears says: "He is bald on top, with long white hair around the edges."
(Close-up of him as the smoke clears says: "He wears glasses and has lost most of his teeth."
(Close-up of him as the smoke clears says: "The eyebrows give him away—"
(Close-up of him as the smoke clears says: "this is a greatly aged Professor, who gasps in surprise and looks around himself."
(Close-up of him as the smoke clears says: ")"
Professor says: "Wha…who’s there?!"
Professor says: "!"
He reaches toward his glasses, cut to his perspective as he adjusts them and brings his view into focus. Now he sees the girls. Back to him.
Blossom says: "But, Professor, it’s us, the Powerpuff Girls!"
Professor says: "Stay back!"
Professor says: "Leave me alone!"
He swipes at them a couple of times, then rummages around under the table and comes up brandishing a broken cane that has been taped back together. It is clear that time has done a number on him and rendered him senile and delirious, thinking the Girls are just a hallucination from his decaying mind.
Professor says: "I’m warning you!"
Cut to the front step. The girls duck quickly out through the door, slam it, and lean against it, panting with their eyes tightly shut. After a moment, they look around and gasp in shock. Cut to their perspective and pan slowly across the subdivision, which now lies in ruins under a blood-red sky—absolute desolation as far as the eye can see, like the end of the world has occurred.
Bubbles says: "Wh…what happened?"
Long shot of the house. They take to the air and fly across Townsville, which has also been ravaged. One block after another sports nothing but gutted, smashed buildings that stand at crazy angles. After several blocks, the girls stop short.
Blossom says: "Look!"
Blossom says: "The Mayor’s office!"
Half the dome and one whole wing of Townsville Hall have been demolished. The girls fly inside only to find the office in the same shape as the rest of the city. Another cracked voice, this one belonging to an old woman, begins to speak, catching them by surprise.
Old woman 1 says: "“Call…Call the girls,” I said."
Cut to the other side of the office, from behind the girls. The old woman stands in front of a shattered window, her face not visible in her tangled hair of gray curls.
Old woman 1 says: "“CALL THE POWERPUFF GIRLS!!!"
The word “girls” echo twice, and we see close-ups of the hotline, lying broken on the floor, and a portrait of the Mayor. Back to the girls.
Old woman 1 says: "Why wouldn’t they come?!"
Old woman 1 says: "!"
Old woman 1 says: "It doesn’t make any sense."
Old woman 1 says: "And now it’s too late."
Pan quickly to a close-up of the Mayor’s top hat, with his sash draped over it.
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Bellum…?"
The old hag was indeed the late Mayor’s assistant. Cut to her, slumped over the desk and fondling the hat and sash.
Blossom says: "What happened here?"
Old woman 1 says: "Huh?!"
Old woman 1 says: "!"
Old woman 1 says: "Don’t come any closer!"
Old woman 1 says: "He’s mine!"
Old woman 1 says: "Mine!"
Cut to outside Townsville Hall. They fly out through the dome as she shouts again.
Ms. Bellum says: "Mine, I tell you!"
Dissolve to the girls’ shadows cast on the ground as they fly along. Bubbles sobs quietly o.c.. Turn up to them.
Bubbles says: "Who could have done this?"
Blossom says: "It’s…our school."
Pokey Oaks Kindergarten has been reduced to rubble, just like the city itself. It is clear not even Townsville's suburbs were spared whatever apocalypse struck the city. The girls land on what used to be the playground. After a moment, the front door blows open and falls off its hinges. Cut to just inside it as the girls advance into the darkness. Another old woman’s voice is heard in the background.
Buttercup says: "Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane?"
On the end of this, cut to a long shot of the classroom, whose walls have crumbled away. They are at the near end. A figure stands at the far end, its back to the camera and its hand upraised in a wave. Close-up of this hand from the front, the girls in the background, looking on. As the voice continues, pan left slightly to show the speaker as Ms. Keane, her eyes wide and bloodshot and her hair and clothes long since have gone ragged.
Old woman 2 says: "I just stood there waving goodbye, and they raced off…  …and they raced off…and raced off—"
Blossom says: "But, Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane, we’re right here."
Ms. Keane says: "—"
Zoom in closer on her face each time she repeats herself, ending with an extreme close-up of her eyes. Back to the girls, who are completely floored by this pronouncement.
Girls says: "50 years…?!"
Girls says: "!"
We hear “Him”’s effeminate voice laughing triumphantly, and the camera turns up from the girls slightly. Behind them, the mist begins to swirl around the wreckage.
“Him” says: "—"
“Him” says: "time slows down."
The mist swirls at her feet as he continues.
Blossom says: "I know that voice."
As “Him” speaks again, the mist gathers behind Blossom and becomes a lick of flame, from which he emerges and floats up o.c.
“Him” says: "Seconds, minutes, hours, days, and nights crawled by on hands and knees as you raced the speed of light."
Back to the girls, their backs to the camera. They turn in surprise.
“Him” says: "Yes!"
“Him” says: "Coming back now?"
“Him” says: "Remember?"
Buttercup’s schoolyard challenge to her sisters' echoes in her head.
Buttercup says: "So—"
Buttercup says: "which one of you slowpokes wants to race me home?"
Buttercup says: "No!"
“Him” says: "As you raced through time, the whole world went to heck!"
Blossom says: "You lie!"
Blossom says: "Don’t believe him, girls!"
Cut back to the girls, who are now exhausted and breathing heavily, standing over a supine “Him.” After a long moment, he raises his head and smiles. He still shows no signs of injury whatsoever and appears completely unharmed.
“Him” says: "Are you finished?"
Close-up of Buttercup, panning slowly from her to Blossom and Bubbles. All three are sweating.
Buttercup says: "No, but you are!"
“Him” says: "Beat you?"
“Him” says: "I’ve already won!"
We see his arm turn into black steel as his claw clamps several times when it is done, his legs thicken, and his body fade briefly into blackness—the only features visible are his grinning mouth and glowing eyes. Lightning cracks across the sky, illuminating his new physique. He now stands many times taller than before, the pink tulle at his collar and hemline replaced by fur, and he now appears more muscular, stronger, and ripped in place of the coat he normally wore. He leans down to address the girls, his voice taking on a new tone of sheer evil to accompany his new, and possibly true, form.
“Him” says: "The beauty lies in the blame."
“Him” says: "Because it’s your fault for leaving!"
“Him” says: "Just ask your friends."
Man 2 says: "You did this."
Townspeople says: "You did this."
Blossom says: "No!"
“Him” says: "All I did was take over."
“Him” says: "It was easy!"
Townspeople says: "Why’d you leave us, Powerpuff Girls?"
Townspeople says: "Why?"
Townspeople says: "You weren’t here to protect us."
Townspeople says: "You weren’t here."
Back to the girls, now surrounded by a forest of pointing fingers.
Townspeople says: "Your fault."
Townspeople says: "Your fault."
They repeat this mantra as the camera cuts to the girls. They are visibly distraught by the accusation.
Blossom says: "Wh…wh…  What have we done?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "No…No!"
Buttercup says: "…NOOOOOO!!"
The girls, now all screaming, take off and head straight into the sky. From outer space, we see them float away from Earth for a long moment, the whole planet having turned blood red to symbolize "Him" having conquered it and made it his new domain. Next, they back away from each other slightly, point themselves down toward the planet and hit the gas. They jam it across the remains of Townsville and disappear in a flash of light and a clap of thunder.
Cut to a patch of peaceful sky. The girls appear from nowhere and skid to a stop face first in the grass. Blossom is the first to regain her wits. She stands up and looks around herself in puzzlement. Her sisters come around a moment later, and all three gasp, smiling. Above them, the sun shines down on a subdivision that is completely intact. They have managed to travel back in time from the bleak future 50 years from now and arrived back in the present, with Townsville completely intact, unharmed, and not under the control of "Him". The man from the street corner is walking his dog.
Man 1 says: "Hi, girls."
Ms. Keane says: "Hi, girls."
Mayor says: "Hi, girls."
Ms. Bellum says: "Hi, girls."
Girls says: "Hi!"
Cut to them in flight and pan quickly to the Professor in the driveway, next to the fully loaded station wagon. He waves to them.
Professor says: "Hi, gir—"
They plow into him and knock him to the ground, talking rapidly about being glad to see him and everybody else as their normal selves after having seen that apocalyptic future caused by "Him". He regards them with some unease. They back off after several seconds.
Professor says: "Okay, okay, okay."
Professor says: "But if we don’t hurry, we’ll miss our flight to the Bahamas."
Blossom says: "Sorry, Professor, but we can’t leave Townsville."
Buttercup says: "Even for one weekend!"
Bubbles says: "Can you imagine what would happen if we weren’t here to protect it?"
Professor says: "Well, heck if I know."
Girls says: "EXACTLY!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "I’m never gonna drive over 55 again."