Narrator says: "The city of Townsville,  and it's a shiny new day, with a shiny new limousine heading for Pokey Oaks Kindergarten."
Camera follows a white limo as it pulls up in front of the school. Close-up of the rear door.
Narrator says: "Seems there will be a shiny new face joining the class today."
A tuxedo-clad arm - the chauffeur's - reaches into view and opens the door. Inside is a small girl standing in front of a man in a white suit. The top half of her face and his entire head are cut off by the top edge of the screen. She has her hand out and is addressing him in the tone of the chronically dissatisfied. She wears a yellow sweater and a lavender skirt with matching shoes.
Princess says: "I'll need some milk money for my first day of new school."
He pulls a stack of cash out of his pocket and gives it to her.
Princess says: "I suppose it'll do."
During the next line, follow her as she walks to the front door, where Ms. Keane is standing. Her face is still obscured.
Ms. Keane says: "Well, hi there."
Ms. Keane says: "It's nice to finally meet you."
Ms. Keane says: "Come on in."
Ms. Keane says: "Everyone, can I have your attention?"
Ms. Keane says: "I'd like you all to give a nice, warm welcome to our new friend, Princess Morbucks."
Camera turns down to the girl on the end of this line; now we see all of her. She has curly red-brown hair parted in the middle and "spoiled brat" written all over her face.
Class says: "Hi, Princess!"
Princess says: "Hmm."
Camera follows her as she crosses the room. The first kids she passes are Bubbles and Mitch Mitchelson, playing with building blocks.
Mitch says: "Hi, Princess!"
Mitch says: "Wanna help us build a skyscraper?"
Behind her, several other kids, including Buttercup, have some cardboard boxes set up in a row for a train. The boy playing engineer calls to her.
Boy says: "Hey, Princess!"
Boy says: "Get on aboard the choo-choo es-prex!"
Princess says: "I only travel first class, on my daddy's private Lear jet."
Next to her, a boy pops out of a potted plant. It is Harry Pitt, the dirty kid from "Paste Makes Waste," with a toy shovel in hand.
Harry says: "Hey, Princess!"
Harry says: "Do you dig dirt?"
Princess says: "Yecch!"
Princess says: "No!"
Cut to a table with a cage on it. In the cage is a hamster, happily running on its wheel. A girl watches it go as Princess walks up.
Girl 2 says: "Hi, Princess."
Girl 2 says: "Wanna play with Twiggy, our class hamster?"
The view shifts to inside the cage. Twiggy has stopped running.
Princess says: "Ewww, no!"
Princess says: "I do not want to play with your smelly, mangy little rat!"
Princess says: "Blecch!"
Close-up of Twiggy, sad and frightened. After a moment, she begins running at top speed.
Narrator says: "Oh, no!"
Narrator says: "In Twiggy's distressed state, her frantic attempt to get far away has caused a nut to work itself loose from her scamper wheel!"
As he says this, cut to an extreme close-up of the nut holding the wheel to its mount. It falls off, and the wheel rolls away until it hits the side of the cage, sending it flying in the direction the wheel was going. Pull back to the table; the cage slides over the edge and begins to fall in slow motion. The girl screams, but Princess, standing behind her, shows no change in expression. Ms. Keane and the other kids are alarmed.
Ms. Keane says: "Twiggy!"
Blossom says: "Buttercup, vaporize the cage!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "You, me!"
Blossom says: "Fastball Special!"
Buttercup sweeps the cage with her eye lasers, destroying it and leaving Twiggy and the wheel in free fall. Blossom grabs Bubbles, now curled into a tight ball, and throws her across the room; she bounces off a cabinet and catches Twiggy inches from the floor. She throws a wink to the class, and they cheer the rescue - all except Princess, dumbstruck. Zoom in slowly on her as the cheering echoes in her head, then cut to the girls as she approaches them. The girl who had been watching Twiggy takes the hamster away.
Princess says: "Wow, that was amazing!"
Princess says: "How did you do that?"
Bubbles says: "It's easy!"
Blossom says: "We're superheroes."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, we're the..."
Girls says: "..."
Girls says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
[Animation goof says: "On the "It's easy!"
[Animation goof says: "" line, both Bubbles' and Buttercup's mouths move."
Back to Princess, now looking as if she has just spied a new and expensive trinket she wants.
Princess says: "Ah."
Princess says: "Well, then, I'm gonna be a Powerpuff Girl too."
The girls find this amusing.
Blossom says: "Well, uh, we're not really accepting new members at this time, but thank you for your interest in our group."
This news clearly does not sit well with Princess. She returns to full brat mode.
Princess says: "What?!"
Princess says: "!"
Princess says: "You can't just blow me off like some common peon!"
Princess says: "I'm Princess, and my daddy buys me anything I want!"
Princess says: "AND I WANNA BE A POWERPUFF GIRL!"
Blossom says: "Well, I'm sorry, but you can't."
Blossom says: "We're superheroes."
Bubbles says: "We were born with superpowers."
Buttercup says: "You can't just buy superpowers."
Princess says: "Oh, yeah."
Princess says: "Tell that to Batman!"
The school bell rings. Overhead view of the girls in flight away from the kindergarten.
Buttercup says: "I don't think I like that Princess at all."
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "Why was she so rotten to everyone?"
Blossom says: "Well, she's new here and probably doesn't know how to make friends."
Blossom says: "We should give her a chance."
Pan quickly over to a large white mansion.
Narrator says: "Meanwhile, across town at Morebucks Manor..."
Inside, Princess barges in through the front door and runs across the front hall.
Princess says: "DADDY!"
Princess says: "Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!"
As she screams, she runs into a trophy room with animal heads all over the walls and a roaring fire going. She stops in front of her father, seated in an armchair by the fire and wearing a robe. The side of the chair hides his head.
Princess says: "I wanna, I wanna, I WANNA!"
She screams and cries until Daddy pulls a stack of cash out of his robe and hands it to her. She instantly brightens and begins to giggle greedily. Cut to the classroom, where the school is once again in session.
Narrator says: "The next day at school..."
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "coloring time proceeds as usual, until..."
They are startled out of their work by a royal fanfare. Princess is at the front door, with a crown on her head and a cape wrapped around her. She enters.
Princess says: "All hail Princess!"
Princess says: "The newest and best-loved Powerpuff Girl of all time!"
She throws off her cape to reveal her clothing - a yellow dress and belt styled after the girls. She also sports long gloves, and instead of Mary Janes, she wears knee-high boots. These items and the belt are made of shiny black leather. The entire class watches, dumbfounded; zoom in on the girls, who are first to come up with a response.
Buttercup says: "WHAT?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Princess stands across the desk from them.
Princess says: "See?"
Princess says: "I told you I was gonna be a Powerpuff Girl."
Bubbles says: "Uh..."
Bubbles says: "I like your outfit."
Princess says: "Of course you do."
Princess says: "It's just like yours, except better."
Blossom says: "I'll handle this."
Blossom says: "Now, Princess, sweetie, maybe we didn't explain well enough."
She is interrupted by the buzzing of the hotline and zips across to answer it. Her sisters are already there. Cut back and forth between them and Princess, standing by Mitch at his desk.
Blossom says: "Yeah, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "A robbery?"
Blossom says: "First National Bank?"
Princess says: "Why do they get to answer the fancy phone?"
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Mayor."
Blossom says: "We're on it!"
Princess says: "Hey!"
Princess says: "Wait for me!"
Two jet thrusters extend from her back, one on either side; Mitch and a kid across from him are struck. She takes off in a cloud of flame. Cut to a shot of the city, looking up toward the tops of the buildings. An alarm is heard.
Narrator says: "Meanwhile..."
Narrator says: "deep in the bowels of Townsville..."
Turn down to the street; the bank window is smashed, and the silhouette of a vehicle can be seen through it.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "a crime is afoot."
Inside, the vault stands open. A masked robber laughs and emerges with several sacks of money while another holds a gun trained on the scene. The cash is deposited in the back of the vehicle.
Bagman says: "That takes care of that."
Gunman says: "Ha!"
Gunman says: "Great!"
Gunman says: "Thank you, Townsville, for lettin' us have all your money!"
He laughs as we hear the sound of the girls approaching.
Blossom says: "Not so fast, crooks!"
The gunman turns around in surprise, and the bagman appears as well, pivoting into view. He now has a gun too. The camera turns around to show the girls at the hole in the front window.
Crooks says: "The Powerpuff Girls!"
Close-up of them as they start firing, then of the girls as the bullets bounce off.
Blossom says: "Why do they always want to do it the hard way?"
The crooks run out of ammunition.
Buttercup says: "Okay."
Buttercup says: "Let's take care of these knuckleheads and get back to school!"
Princess says: "Don't worry, Powerpuff Girls."
Princess says: "I'll save you!"
Girls says: "Huh?"
Princess flies into the bank and lands, and the thrusters fold away.
Princess says: "Evildoers, beware the wrath of the Powerpuff Princess!"
Princess says: "Hai-yah!"
Princess says: "Hai-yah!"
Princess says: "Hai-yah!"
The crooks seem only slightly unnerved by her appearance. Next, she produces two boomerangs shaped like her crown and throws them. The crooks duck, but Buttercup and Bubbles are hit on the return flight.
Buttercup says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "Watch it!"
Princess fires a grappling hook into the ceiling and swings across the room, her leg extended for a flying kick. However, she stops just short of the crooks, and the section of the ceiling she hit pulls loose. She is dumped to the floor; the loose section lands on the girls. Cut to the crooks in their vehicle.
Gunman says: "Sorry we couldn't leave all the money like you asked, but we'd like to leave you a little present anyway."
He laughs and throws Princess out onto the floor. She is bound and gagged with duct tape, and a time bomb is attached to her. The vehicle crashes through the front window and speeds off.
Gunman says: "I love it when a plan comes together!"
The girls have freed themselves and are ready to give chase.
Buttercup says: "They're getting away!"
Blossom says: "No time!"
Blossom says: "The bomb!"
Bubbles tears it off, and Buttercup punches a hole in the ceiling. The bomb is thrown up, and Blossom fires her eye lasers after it, detonating it in midair. The people in the bank stand up.
People says: "Hooray, Power..."
People says: "..."
People says: "puff..."
People says: "Gi..."
They trail off as the camera turns down to their feet. The girls are far from ecstatic. The expressions of the people soon change to ones of anxiety and nervousness, fearing the girls might be mad at them.
Bubbles says: "Sorry."
Bubbles says: "We're not really in the mood right now."
Pull back to show Princess across the room, lying on the floor. Buttercup gets in her face.
Buttercup says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Buttercup says: "You ruined everything!"
Buttercup says: "Catching robbers should have been a piece of cake, but no!"
Buttercup says: "You had to come swinging in with your little toys..."
Blossom says: "Look, Princess."
Blossom says: "Now do you see why we don't let extra members on our team?"
Blossom says: "Crime-fighting is dangerous business..."
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "and you don't really have superpowers or any kind of experience."
Blossom says: "So you see, it really is for your own safety when I say you just can't be a Powerpuff Girl, all right?"
Princess looks as if she might blow her top at any moment. Zoom in even closer on her face. Finally, she snaps.
Princess says: "DAAAAAADDDDDDYYYYYY!!!"
Pull back; she is now back at home, screaming up at her father. He is wearing golf clothes and practicing his putting.
Princess says: "Daddy, Daddy, it was awful!"
Princess says: "I was being a good Powerpuff Girl, but they were jealous, and then the man grabbed me and put a bomb on me and everyone laughed at me!"
Princess says: "I thought you loved me, but I guess not if all I get is cheap JUNK!"
Princess says: "A real daddy who really loved his daughter wouldn't care what it cost and..."
Daddy produces a briefcase from his pocket and hands it over. Princess is cut off mid-sentence as she opens it and has to avert her eyes for a moment; dollar signs appear in the radiance from the contents. Her expression soon changes to one of very evil satisfaction.
Princess says: "Now that's the love I'm talking about."
Narrator says: "The following morning, back at Pokey Oaks Kindergarten..."
Inside, the girls are at their desk.
Bubbles says: "Gee, I haven't seen Princess yet today."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, I bet she's still at home crying."
Blossom says: "Well, she probably feels pretty silly about the way she..."
An explosion and a shower of rubble cut her off and hide the girls from sight briefly. When the dust clears somewhat, Princess is silhouetted against a new hole in the wall.
Princess says: "POWERPUFF GIRLS!!"
She floats into the room as she says this. Her boots, gloves, and yellow dress are gone, replaced by a gold bodysuit. She now wears goggles over her eyes; her hands are hidden by a large ball of energy at the end of each arm.
Bubbles says: "Looks like she went shopping this morning..."
Princess, floating in midair, addresses the camera.
Princess says: "All I ever wanted was for everyone to instantly love me as much as they love you."
Princess says: "No!"
Princess says: "Well if I can't be a Powerpuff Girl, then there won't be any POWERPUFF GIRLS!"
Pull back as. Ms. Keane comes into view.
Ms. Keane says: "Ah, Princess, uh, the girls already know this rule, but you're new, so I'll let you know."
Ms. Keane says: "I don't allow fighting in the classroom."
Princess says: "Oh."
Princess says: "I'm sorry."
Princess says: "We'll take it outside!"
Cut to the playground. The wall explodes, and the girls are propelled out onto the grass. As they rub their heads, Princess lands in front of them.
Princess says: "So!"
Princess says: "Who said money can't buy superpowers?"
Buttercup says: "You've been asking for this for a long time!"
She charges toward Princess, her fist cocked back and a battle cry in her throat, and lets loose with a flurry of punches and kicks. Princess dodges every attack, however, and counters with a punch to the breadbasket. The strike is seen five times in quick succession. A second hit sends Buttercup skidding across the playground face first.
Bubbles says: "Buttercup!"
Princess says: "As you can see, my new cybertomic armor increases my speed and strength far above that of your average Powerpuff Girl."
Bubbles says: "Oh!"
Bubbles says: "You..."
Bubbles says: "!"
She lets her eye lasers finish the remark, but the shots only bounce off.
Princess says: "Oh, please."
Bubbles gathers herself and screams at the top of her lungs, sending an energy beam out from her mouth. Princess blocks this with one hand.
Princess says: "Talk to the hand."
She retaliates with a laser blast from her crown.
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles crashes down face first. She is covered with gray soot.
Princess says: "Let's see."
Princess says: "Blaster rays, flight boots, super-strength force fields..."
Princess says: "I guess with this new suit, the Powerpuff Princess has got you beat all around!"
Camera shifts to between her and Blossom and rotates through 360 degrees as she continues.
Princess says: "So, Blossom, are you jealous?"
Princess says: "Are you scared?"
Princess says: "Seeing how easily I thrashed your sisters without even breaking a sweat."
Overhead view of them facing off.
Princess says: "Well, what's the matter?"
Close-up of Blossom; zoom in on her eyes and shade the rest of the screen.
Princess says: "Very well."
Princess says: "Prepare to bow to your Princess!"
She fires another blast from her crown; Blossom dodges it by simply tilting her head. She looks as though she has had the last straw, and the glare from the explosion of the beam behind her only highlights her fury.  She tilts her head back to the horizontal as Princess gets ready for another go, furious that Blossom dodged her attack. Princess rushes in, but Blossom trips her and sends her flying into the slide. Now it is her turn to have all her moves dodged or blocked. As the fight moves across the playground, Blossom goes on the offensive, landing blow after blow to Princess and making sure she feels every one of them. Buttercup and Bubbles come and watch their sister in action. Blossom delivers a few more hits, causing sparks to fly from the armor.
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Princess is knocked across the playground. Buttercup catches her and spins her like a top.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Princess is kicked over to Bubbles, who does a handstand to boot her high into the air.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Blossom inhales deeply and blows her ice breath into the sky, frosting Princess over. She hangs in midair for a long moment, and her armor shatters off her in slow motion.
Princess says: "Huh?"
Princess says: "WHOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAA!"
She plummets toward the ground, but is caught by Blossom just inches from impact.
Princess says: "Why won't you let me be a Powerpuff Girl?"
Blossom says: "Because you're just a spoiled brat."
Blossom says: "And you, little girl, have done nothing worthy of the name "Powerpuff"!"
A policeman reaches into view and clamps handcuffs onto Princess' wrists. Pull back to show him, her, Bubbles, and Buttercup.
Buttercup says: "Ooh, nice bracelets."
Bubbles says: "Oh, they'll just be smashing with your new prison wardrobe!"
Princess says: "Why you-you can't do this to me!"
Princess says: "I'm the Princess!"
Princess says: "Do you know who my daddy is?"
Princess says: "My daddy knows people!"
Princess says: "And my daddy knows people like money!"
Her words are muffled by the back doors slamming shut and continue under the Narrator.
Narrator says: "Well, Princess, the only "cha-ching" you'll be hearing from now on is the sound of prison doors!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "And so once again the day is saved, thanks to the real Powerpuff Girls!"