Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "Where the children can't wait to wake up for school."
(The clock advances to 6 says: "00 and goes off; he is out of bed in an instant."
(The clock advances to 6 says: "The alarm beeping gives way to a radio DJ's voice."
(The clock advances to 6 says: ")"
DJ says: "Good morning, Townsville kindergartners!"
DJ says: "Are you ready for another super day of scholarship?"
In the bathroom, the boy brushes his teeth, standing on a stool so he can reach the sink. He is in his underwear. A lively march starts up.
DJ says: "Gimme a K!"
Boy 1 says: "K!"
DJ says: "Gimme an E!"
Girl 1 says: "E!"
DJ says: "Gimme an A!"
Boy 2 says: "A!"
DJ says: "N!"
Boy 3 says: "N!"
DJ says: "E!"
Boy 4 says: "E!"
DJ says: "What's that spell?"
Boys 2 says: "Keane!"
3 says: "Keane!"
4 says: "Keane!"
DJ says: "What's that spell?"
Boy 5 says: "Keane!"
DJ says: "I can't hear you!"
Girl 3 says: "Keane!"
Boy 6 says: "Keane!"
Girl 4 says: "Keane!"
Pull back to show both sides of the street; kids line the sidewalks.
Kids says: "KEANE!"
Boy 5 says: "A is At Any Expense!"
A school bus rolls up, carrying the triplets.
The bus pulls ahead a bit; another boy hangs onto the rear door.
Boy 6 says: "E is for Excellence!"
Many more kids fall in and march down the sidewalks.
A is At Any Expense!
They go through an intersection; a crossing guard has stopped a truck for them.
N is for Never Late, we never wait for class at eight,.
Trucker says: "E is for Excellence!"
The throng reaches another intersection, having grown enough to fill the entire street from one side to the other. Banners and posters have been hung up in Ms. Keane's honor, and the kids carry a parade balloon in her likeness.
Kids says: "Keane!"
Kids says: "Keane!"
She's so keen, she's the queen!
She's on the scene, she's good and clean,.
She's one cool bean, now move that beam,.
You know what I mean!
Cut to the front yard of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. The usual sign has been replaced by one that shows a picture of a smiling Ms. Keane.
[Error says: "The sign reads "Miss" rather than "Ms."
[Error says: "" as indicated in "Daylight Savings."
A is At Any Expense!
Pan to show the building; a marching band of kids files in. A Keane flag flutters on the pole, and a blimp with her name floats overhead on the last lines.
N is for Never Late, we never wait for class at eight,.
E is for Excellence!
(The door slams. Cut to inside the classroom says: "00 sharp, but the minute hand jumps ahead one notch."
the camera pointing from the front end toward a bunch of very eager students at their desks. The girls have a small Keane balloon at theirs. No sound but the ticking of the clock; cut to it after a moment. It reads 8 says: "00 sharp, but the minute hand jumps ahead one notch."
(The door slams. Cut to inside the classroom says: ")"
the camera pointing from the front end toward a bunch of very eager students at their desks. The girls have a small Keane balloon at theirs. No sound but the ticking of the clock; cut to it after a moment. It reads 8 says: ")"
Blossom says: "It's 8:01!"
Blossom says: "Ms."
Blossom says: "Keane's never late for class at eight!"
Cut to the front corner of the room, near the back door. There is a sudden thunderclap, and the lights flicker out; around the edges of the door, light starts to glow from just outside it. A cloud of vapor seeps into the room beneath its bottom edge and collects in front of the blackboard. After several seconds, the door falls inward off its hinges to reveal a tall, horned silhouette standing in the sunlight from outside. It hunches over slightly and advances into the dimness; pan to follow it from the doorway to the front desk, behind which it stops and stands erect again. The vapor moves with it. Finally the figure speaks in a low, sinister growl.
Figure says: "I am afraid that I am the bearer of some rather…unfortunate news."
Figure says: "Ms."
Figure says: "Keane is unable to attend to your instruction, on account of the onset of a very sudden and unexpected…illness."
(It makes quotation marks with its fingers on this last word. Close-up of the face as lightning flashes to illuminate it for the first time says: "long white hair, greenish complexion not unlike that of the Gangrene Gang, a patch over one eye and a scar underneath it, the other one red and beady, a bit of drool running down the chin from a mouth filled with sharp teeth."
(It makes quotation marks with its fingers on this last word. Close-up of the face as lightning flashes to illuminate it for the first time says: "Cut to the girls' desk."
(It makes quotation marks with its fingers on this last word. Close-up of the face as lightning flashes to illuminate it for the first time says: "They gasp at the sight, and their balloon pops loose and flies all over the room before falling, deflated and unnoticed, to the floor at their feet."
(It makes quotation marks with its fingers on this last word. Close-up of the face as lightning flashes to illuminate it for the first time says: ")"
Figure says: "-your substitute teacher."
Cut back to him. He wears a dark gray, military-style jacket with black pants and gloves, and a red cape hangs from his shoulders. Now he smiles.
Figure says: "All right, class."
He trails off into a violent coughing fit, during which he turns his head to one side and we can see small bits and tatters floating up from the end of the cape. A couple of kids stare openmouthed and recoil at the sound of this. In due time he gets himself under control and stands up again, tugging at his collar and grunting a bit. When he continues, his voice is nothing like the growling tone-now it is quite pleasant.
Mr. Green says: "Sorry about that, kids."
Long shot of the girls, who have buried their faces in their textbooks, and zoom in. The kids around them continue to stare. Blossom and Buttercup keep their voices down on their next three lines.
Buttercup says: ""A very sudden and unexpected illness"?"
Buttercup says: "Ha!"
Buttercup says: "This creature teacher has done something with Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane."
Buttercup says: "I just know it!"
Blossom says: "I think you're right, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "But what?"
Blossom says: "What has he done?"
Mr. Green says: "That's correct."
Mr. Green says: "Milk and dairy is a very important food group."
Buttercup says: "Maybe he ate her!"
(Comic perspective says: "Ms."
(Comic perspective says: "Keane, with her head back in a scream."
(Comic perspective says: "We hear the real McCoy articulating it in a voice over."
(Comic perspective says: "A new picture comes up, showing the comic Keane head-on."
(Comic perspective says: ")"
* Ms. Keane says: "This substitute creature tricked me!"
* Ms. Keane says: "Now I'm one of his four major food groups!"
* Mr. Green says: "Yes!"
* Mr. Green says: "I, the evil and despicable Mr."
* Mr. Green says: "Green, did trick you, Ms."
* Mr. Green says: "Keane!"
* Mr. Green says: "Now you're going to complete my balanced meal!"
(Head-on view of him says: "Mr."
mouth open wide. She floats toward his jaws says: "Mr."
screaming all the while-in this shot says: "Mr."
she actually does move-and he devours her in one gulp. Normal perspective says: "Mr."
(Head-on view of him says: "Green at the front of the classroom."
mouth open wide. She floats toward his jaws says: "Green at the front of the classroom."
screaming all the while-in this shot says: "Green at the front of the classroom."
she actually does move-and he devours her in one gulp. Normal perspective says: "Green at the front of the classroom."
(Head-on view of him says: ")"
mouth open wide. She floats toward his jaws says: ")"
screaming all the while-in this shot says: ")"
she actually does move-and he devours her in one gulp. Normal perspective says: ")"
Mr. Green says: "Now, does anyone know the last remaining food group?"
Buttercup says: "How about teacher, Dr."
Buttercup says: "Lecter?"
[Note says: "A reference to Hannibal Lecter, the cannibalistic genius introduced in the film The Silence of the Lambs."
Blossom slaps a hand over Buttercup's mouth, but the latter mumbles something else through it. Blossom smiles nervously; her sisters duck under the desk, and she follows suit. The substitute regards them with brief unease.
Mr. Green says: "Right…Okay, uh, well…  Now let's move on to our next lesson."
Pan to the girls' desk. Buttercup's frustrated groan issues from underneath it; cut to the girls, hunched down there. Blossom's bow has done likewise on her head.
Buttercup says: "Come on, let's flunk this bad apple and find Ms."
Buttercup says: "Keane."
Blossom says: "But we can't, Buttercup."
Blossom says: "I wonder what he's planning to do next."
(The answer says: "check the lesson plan."
(The answer says: ")"
Mr. Green says: "Ahh!"
Mr. Green says: "Well, children, I have a very special lesson planned for you today."
On the end of this, he turns his back on the room; cut to a head-on view of him. He has reached into the front of his jacket and is trying to fish something out. Close-up of Bubbles.
Bubbles says: "Oh, no!"
Bubbles says: "He's reaching for something!"
(Comic perspective says: "Mr."
(Comic perspective says: "Green, screams echoing in voice over."
(Comic perspective says: "Next we see him holding up a long and fearsome knife."
(Comic perspective says: "Normal perspective: close-up of Buttercup."
(Comic perspective says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Get him!"
She charges out of her seat, and her sisters follow her lead. Head-on shot of Mr. Green again, his back still to the room and his hand still in his jacket. The girls close in as he slowly pulls something out; extreme close-up of it in his fingers as he lifts it-an ordinary piece of chalk. Pull back; the girls stop just short of him, hang motionless a second, then tumble over his shoulders and hit the floor on their backs. He eyes them quizzically; cut to his perspective of them as they smile sheepishly up from the ground. Back to him.
Mr. Green says: "You three?"
Mr. Green says: "You know, you're beginning to get on my nerves, ladies."
Mr. Green says: "Don't try my patience."
Mr. Green says: "Back to your seats now."
They get up and float slowly in that direction, glancing back at him over their shoulders. Bubbles and Buttercup get o.c., but Blossom hangs back and is stopped cold by the next words.
Mr. Green says: "Uh, you with the bow."
Mr. Green says: "You stay."
Mr. Green says: "I have a task for you."
Mr. Green says: "…I have a secret I want to tell you."
Blossom says: "A…secret?"
Mr. Green says: "You see, I have these…cookies…that I want you to pass out to the students."
Now it is all Blossom can do to keep from collapsing into a nervous wreck right in front of him.
She carries the tray to one desk, acting as if it might be stacked ceiling-high with old, nitroglycerin-sweating dynamite. The next two lines are delivered sotto voce.
Bubbles says: "What the heck is Blossom doing?"
The word "heck" is obscured by the sound effect that accompanies a quick pan to her and Buttercup at their desk during this line. Back to Blossom, who holds out the dish in wildly trembling hands.
Buttercup says: "I think she's giving something to Susie Jenkins."
The cover is pulled away, revealing what looks to be a pile of ordinary chocolate chip cookies. Dark brown liquid, apparently melted chocolate, oozes out from beneath them; Bubbles and Buttercup gasp in shock o.c.; cut to them, shivering with fear.
Bubbles says: "POISON!!"
Buttercup says: "POISON!!"
(One shared glance tells these two that they are thinking exactly the same thing. Comic perspective says: "Susie, a bit puzzled."
(One shared glance tells these two that they are thinking exactly the same thing. Comic perspective says: ")"
* Susie says: "Blossom!"
* Susie says: "What are you doing here?"
(Another angle says: "she is standing in the classroom, while Blossom kneels before her and holds up the plate of cookies."
(Another angle says: ")"
* Blossom says: "I…I…I brought you these, Susie."
* Susie says: "Mmm!"
* Susie says: "Cookies!"
* Blossom says: "And they're from mean Mr."
* Blossom says: "Green."
* Blossom says: "He baked them especially for you."
* Susie says: "Mr."
A tentacle emerges from her mouth. In a quick series of drawings, her body turns into a mass of them as Blossom cowers before her. The latter is heard screaming; from here, cut to Mr. Green, laughing madly, then to Blossom in tears.
* Blossom says: "You evil creature!"
* Blossom says: "You made me poison my classmate!"
* Mr. Green says: "That's right, Blossom."
* Mr. Green says: "And I won't stop until all of your classmates are poisoned!"
(A different view of him; he laughs again. Normal perspective says: "extreme close-up of Susie as she lifts a cookie to her mouth."
(A different view of him; he laughs again. Normal perspective says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Come on, Bubbles."
Buttercup says: "Let's show this creep how the cookie crumbles!"
They charge. With a series of yells, Buttercup angles herself for a flying kick, lands in front of Susie, and knocks the treat out of her hand. It lands at the edge of the desk, and Buttercup zips over there and smashes it to crumbs. Bubbles also yells and dives in, then hits a boy in the back to knock the cookie out of his mouth. She goes from one desk to another, obliterating the snacks Mr. Green provided; pan across the room as she does so and Buttercup joins in. Their classmates are more than a little bemused at this sudden hostility toward the baked goods.
Back to Blossom, who now stands before another desk. The boy seated at it is reaching toward the tray, but at the last moment, the redhead comes to her senses and throws the lot down and stomps them. Three more cookies are vanquished in rapid succession, after which several are thrown into the air and blasted with eye lasers. Crumbs rain down around the girls as they cease fire. The furniture is in general disarray from this offensive.
Buttercup says: "I think that's all of 'em."
Blossom says: "Oh, no!"
(Cut to the source of their concern says: "one boy who still has a cookie in hand."
(Cut to the source of their concern says: "He tosses it toward his mouth; extreme close-up of it as it flies, then zoom in even closer."
(Cut to the source of their concern says: "It slips through his teeth and he crunches down on it."
(Cut to the source of their concern says: "Pull back as he chews for several tense seconds."
(Cut to the source of their concern says: "After he gets the mouthful down, he smiles."
(Cut to the source of their concern says: ")"
Boy 7 says: "Mmm!"
Boy 7 says: "Chocolate chip!"
Back to the girls. They stand thunderstruck at this revelation-that the cookies were, in fact, not poisoned, spiked, tainted, or otherwise fooled around with-and the camera pulls back slowly as they turn to face Mr. Green at the front desk. He wears the expression that all substitute teachers adopt when they realize they are fighting a losing battle.
Mr. Green says: "That's it."
Mr. Green says: "No recess for you."
Wipe to a view of the front lawn from the window. Kids can be heard laughing and playing o.c. outside; dark clouds hang low in the sky, and Mr. Green's hunched silhouette stands at a distance. Pan to the girls, standing in the corner near the front desk, and zoom in. They are facing the wall.
* Mr. Green says: "Hey!"
* Mr. Green says: "Do you want me to push you?"
(Comic perspective says: "Julie, held aloft in Mr."
(Comic perspective says: "Green's enormous hands."
(Comic perspective says: ")"
* Julie says: "No!"
* Julie says: "Stop pushing me, Mr."
* Julie says: "Green!"
(Nothing but laughter. He hauls off says: "close-up of Buttercup."
lets fly; cut to the playground. Her scream pierces the quiet as a series of drawings shows her hurtling toward the city proper in the distance. Normal perspective says: "close-up of Buttercup."
(Nothing but laughter. He hauls off says: ")"
lets fly; cut to the playground. Her scream pierces the quiet as a series of drawings shows her hurtling toward the city proper in the distance. Normal perspective says: ")"
* Mr. Green says: "Hey!"
* Mr. Green says: "Elmer Sglue!"
* Mr. Green says: "Why don't you let me spin you?"
(Comic perspective says: "Elmer, his wrist in the teacher's grip."
(Comic perspective says: "The pose suggests that he is being held up by that arm."
(Comic perspective says: ")"
* Elmer says: "No, Mr."
* Elmer says: "Green!"
* Elmer says: "I don't want to spin!"
(He too is laughed at; in a series of shots says: "close-up of Blossom."
Mr. Green twirls him like a top says: "close-up of Blossom."
drops him. The boy yells throughout says: "close-up of Blossom."
corkscrews into the ground when he lands. Normal perspective says: "close-up of Blossom."
(He too is laughed at; in a series of shots says: ")"
Mr. Green twirls him like a top says: ")"
drops him. The boy yells throughout says: ")"
corkscrews into the ground when he lands. Normal perspective says: ")"
* Mr. Green says: "Hey!"
* Mr. Green says: "Harry Pitt!"
* Mr. Green says: "I hear you like to play in the mud!"
(Comic perspective says: "he is on the playground."
(Comic perspective says: "Mr."
(Comic perspective says: "Green's shadow stretches toward him from o."
(Comic perspective says: "c."
(Comic perspective says: ")"
* Harry says: "No, Mr."
* Harry says: "Green!"
* Harry says: "Not the mud!"
A series of drawings shows the teacher creating a colossal tidal wave of mud that breaks over the unfortunate boy.
* Harry says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
* Harry says: "Help!"
(He is entirely engulfed in the torrent says: "just outside the door to the playground."
which also muffles his yells. Normal perspective says: "just outside the door to the playground."
(He is entirely engulfed in the torrent says: "It is closed."
which also muffles his yells. Normal perspective says: "It is closed."
(He is entirely engulfed in the torrent says: ")"
which also muffles his yells. Normal perspective says: ")"
Blossom says: "Let's kick some substitute butt!"
They take off and rapidly climb out of Earth's atmosphere, the camera pulling back to show this. They stop when they are a considerable distance away from the planet.
Blossom says: "HEY!!"
Blossom says: "GREEN!!"
Cut to him on the playground. The clouds are gone-perhaps they were only a figment of the girls' imaginations-and a couple of kids are playing catch behind him. H he looks a little bored, but perks up after two beats and looks around himself.
Mr. Green says: "Huh?"
Mr. Green says: "Is someone calling me?"
Blossom says: "THAT'S RIGHT, GREEN!!"
Blossom says: "I'M TALKING TO YOU!!"
Blossom says: "YOU'VE SAT IN ON YOUR LAST CLASS!!"
She tucks in her arms and legs and drops out of sight; her sisters copy this move. Cut to them in free fall.
Girls says: "COSMIC CANNONBALL!!"
Back to him. Everything is still quite peaceful on the playground, and he has yet to find anything out of order.
Mr. Green says: "Hello?"
The girls continue their plunge, each one leaving a light trail behind herself and also glowing white due to friction from re-entry into the atmosphere. They move toward each other and merge, in a brilliant flash, to form a large, black, flaming sphere-the aforementioned cannonball-that keeps falling. Long shot of the intended target as the projectile streaks down toward him. The kids who were playing catch run into view in the foreground and notice what is going on, after which we see Mr. Green in close-up. Now he starts to look worried upon hearing the next line.
Kids says: "Powerpuff Girls, no!"
Kids says: "Mr."
Kids says: "Green is nice!"
The cannonball descends partially into view and screeches to a halt just over his head; he has to bend his horns down in order to avoid contact. Pull back to show the rest of the kids watching anxiously from a short distance. Hanging in midair, the ball cools down and disintegrates, leaving the girls to flop down on their backs around Mr. Green.
Girls says: "Nice?!"
Girls says: "!"
Bubbles says: "But…Julie Bean!"
Bubbles says: "I heard you screaming."
Bubbles says: "Didn't Mr."
Bubbles says: "Green vault you into space?"
Cut to the swing set. Julie sits in a swing, while another child stands nearby.
Julie says: "Vault me into space?"
Julie says: "He was nice enough to push me on the swing."
Blossom and Buttercup have now sat up as well.
Buttercup says: "And didn't he spin Elmer into the earth?"
Blossom says: "And drown Harry in a sea of mud?"
Across the playground, Elmer is happily riding the merry-go-round, while Harry is amusing himself in the sandbox.
Elmer says: "He was nice enough to spin me around."
Harry says: "And let me play in the mud!"
Blossom says: "But he's a monster."
Buttercup says: "He's icky."
Bubbles says: "And green!"
Said monster gathers several kids into a hug and chuckles.
Mr. Green says: "I get it."
Mr. Green says: "Listen, girls."
Mr. Green says: "Just because I have big horns and like to wear long flowing capes doesn't make me a bad guy."
He indicates these two features of himself as he mentions them.
Mr. Green says: "Yes, I am a monster, but I love children."
Mr. Green says: "And I want to help them learn and grow."
They hang their heads. Close-up of Buttercup and pan to each of her sisters in turn.
Buttercup says: "We're sorry, Mr."
Buttercup says: "Green."
Blossom says: "I guess we shouldn't judge someone by what they look like."
Bubbles says: "Even if they're as ugly as you."
Mr. Green says: "That's right!"
Mr. Green says: "For three sweet little girls, you really can pack a punch."
Zoom in slowly on his beaming face.
Narrator says: "Aw, Mr."
Narrator says: "Green, you're the best substitute creature ever."
(This catches him off guard. Comic perspective says: "he is in full fury."
(This catches him off guard. Comic perspective says: "A growl rumbles forth."
(This catches him off guard. Comic perspective says: ")"
* Mr. Green says: "Don't you mean "teacher"?!"
* Mr. Green says: "!"
* Mr. Green says: "?"
Narrator says: "Er, right."
Narrator says: "Sorry."
Narrator says: "Teacher."
Narrator says: "Substitute teacher."
Narrator says: "Heh."
The background for the end shot comes up.
The girls appear in their usual positions, but Blossom stands straight up, while Bubbles and Buttercup bow at the waist with their faces turned to the camera. This is their secondary end pose for a few more episodes in Season Five.
Narrator says: "-thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"