Sugar, Spice, and Super Lice Transcript.
Theme song.
The episode begins with Buttercup putting a tape with the title "Thrash" into a music tape recorder while she looks in the mirror in the bathroom and plays the music.
Buttercup says: "Let's do this!"
A slideshow of pictures of Buttercup appears as her hair is slowly turning into a mullet at breakfast, jumproping, at Penguin Pete's with Blossom and Bubbles having ice cream, particularly Blossom because she's looking at her as if she's weird, at school skating in the halls with Maylyn, hanging out with 2 girls and a boombox, and lastly, feeding the birds in the park. Back at the PPG's house, Buttercup flips her hair and breaks a lamp and her radio - despite the music still playing - and then finally flipping her sisters onto the wall, causing the wall to crack and Blossom and Bubbles' eyes to become dots.
Blossom says: "Buttercup, what are you doing?"
Buttercup says: "Rockin' out."
Blossom says: "No, I meant what are you doing..."
Blossom says: "with your hair!"
Buttercup says: "Oh, I'm growing a righteous floor-length mullet."
Buttercup says: "Just like Thrash did back in the day."
Blossom says: "And..."
Blossom says: "all over the house?"
Blossom says: "Also, it looks like a giant, gross, itchy knot!"
Buttercup says: "Sure does, swister."
Buttercup says: "I'm not brushin' it, trimmin' it, nor washing it."
Blossom says: "Look, if you want to grow your hair, you have to care of it."
Buttercup says: "I beg to differ."
Buttercup says: "I think nature will take its course."
Buttercup says: "If any part of my glorious mane becomes damaged, it will depart my dome into a healthy molt."
Buttercup says: "Just like when Bubbles found out it was her turn to clean the bathroom."
A flashback shows Bubbles looking in the bathtub. A lock of Buttercup's mullet grabs and pulls her in the bathtub as she is screaming. Back to the present with a close-up of Bubbles' face.
Bubbles says: "The horror."
Blossom says: "These are exactly the things you do that cause problems."
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "No."
Buttercup says: "You're exactly the kinds of things that cause problems..."
Buttercup says: "Blah!"
In the lab which looks like a hospital, a breathing machine repeatedly going up and down as well as a heart rate machine, with Buttercup on the hospital bed, Blossom and Bubbles looking at her concerned and sad at the same time.
Professor says: "It appears that Buttercup has..."
Professor says: "super lice."
Blossom says: "Super lice?!"
Bubbles says: "Super lice?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Professor says: "I haven't seen a case this bad since the 80's."
Blossom says: "The 80's?!"
Bubbles says: "The 80's?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Professor says: "Yes, that's what's killed the mullet craze."
Blossom says: "Mullet craze?!"
Bubbles says: "Mullet craze?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Professor says: "And if Buttercup went for the full floor-length mullet, I'm afraid there's little hope."
Professor says: "Damn it, Utonium."
Professor says: "You should've seen it coming."
Bubbles says: "What do we do, Professor?"
Professor says: "There's only one thing I can do."
Professor says: "I have to send you girls in."
Professor says: "And, girls, don't forget, they're super lice."
Professor says: "That's why I'm sending in superheroes."
Professor says: "Be careful, be focused."
Professor says: "Oh, and I packed you some kangaroo yum-yums and some juice boxes, but don't eat them until later."
Blossom says: "Okay."
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Professor says: "Ooh, that's so cute."
Blossom and Bubbles continue screaming, the car flying fast into Buttercup's hair, with the same pace on her hairline, hitting a water fountain hard, stopping, blacking out as well as Bubbles, at the front of the vehicle, wakes up from this, recovering.
Blossom says: "Are you okay?"
Bubbles says: "I-I think so."
Blossom says: "Good, let's get the bomb to the cowlick."
Blossom says: "It should be outside of..."
Blossom says: "town?"
Blossom says: "Huh?"
Bubbles says: "Huh?"
Lice Mayor says: "Our heroes!"
Blossom says: "Heroes?"
Bubbles says: "Heroes?"
Lice Mayor says: "You saved our little town!"
Blossom says: "Saved you from who?"
Lice Mayor says: "From the evil queen."
Lice Mayor says: "Your spaceship landed on her."
Lice Mayor says: "for being so helpless and cute."
Bubbles says: "That monster."
Blossom says: "Stay focused, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "We've got a job to do."
Lice Mayor says: "Everybody, let's throw a festival in our heroes' honor!"
Super Lice says: "YAY!"
In the lab/hospital, the Professor sitting in a chair next to Buttercup, holding a book.
Professor says: "Okay, Buttercup, let's read you a bedtime story."
Professor says: ""There once was an electron that thought he could, but he wasn't positive."
In the town in Buttercup's hair as a saxophone is playing, Blossom, while in a hotel, looking out the window.
Blossom says: "Well, I have to give it to the super lice."
Blossom says: "They did an amazing job colonizing Buttercup's head."
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "Today was wonderful."
Bubbles says: "The massages, the photoshoot, the cool face painting."
Blossom says: "Bubbles, you missed all of those things because you didn't pay attention to the schedule they gave us."
Bubbles says: "And because of that, they gave me this digital assistant so I never miss important stuff again."
Bubbles says: "Remind me to say hi to Blossom now."
Reminder Phone says: "Reminder to say to Blossom now."
Bubbles says: "Hi, Blossom!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles, we have a job to do."
Bubbles says: "Yeah, we need to get more candy."
Blossom says: "No, they finally left us alone for a minute."
Blossom says: "It's the perfect time to get that bomb, head to the cowlick, and destroy..."
Lice Blossom says: "Uh, sorry to interrupt you."
Lice Blossom says: "Just replacing your candy stash."
Bubbles says: "CANDY!"
Bubbles says: "Look, Blossom, she has a bow just like you."
Lice Blossom says: "Yeah, my friends call me a Blossom because I like science."
Blossom says: "Aw!"
Lice Blossom says: "And my best friend is totally a Bubbles."
Bubbles says: "Aw!"
Bubbles says: "Mine too!"
Lice Blossom says: "Anyway, enjoy your candy."
Bubbles says: "What were you saying, Blossom?"
Bubbles says: "About destroying the town and all of its inhabitants?"
Blossom says: "Oh, no."
Blossom says: "I wasn't saying..."
Blossom says: "I was saying..."
Blossom says: "it's too late to detonate the bomb now."
Blossom says: "I'm sure Buttercup will be fine."
Blossom says: "For the time being."
Blossom says: "We'll help her after the festival."
Bubbles says: "The one in our honor?"
Blossom says: "Yeah, that one."
Back with the Professor in the lab/hospital.
Professor says: ""All the little electron wanted was to leap to the next valence shell, but he just couldn't find the energy and..."
Professor says: ""  Oh, Buttercup, I'm sure nothing will distract your sisters from saving you."