Narrator says: "The city of Townsville..."
Narrator says: "is peacefully quiet at the break of dawn..."
Dissolve to a married couple asleep in bed. They look very much like Robert and Hilarie Schneider, two members of the Apples in Stereo; their bedspread bears an apple pattern.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "as all of its citizens..."
Dissolve to another bedroom, where an individual sleeps with back turned to the camera.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "beautiful friends..."
The sleeper turns over; it is a fat woman with a beauty treatment smeared on her face. From here, dissolve to the Professor, sleeping at a table in his lab.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "and family alike are fast asleep."
Dissolve to a window in the girls' room and pan toward the bed. The camera passes each girl as she is named; all are sleeping quite soundly.
Narrator says: "Including our precious little girls..."
Narrator says: "Blossom, Buttercup, and Bubbles."
Stop on Bubbles as the sound of a large vehicle makes itself heard outside. This disturbs her slumber to the point that she pops one eye open to look back toward the window.
Buttercup says: "What's all the ruckus?"
Blossom says: "Let's go see."
She gets out of bed; cut to outside their windows, one girl popping up in each to look out. They do a double take and duck out of sight as the camera turns down to ground level, where they throw the front door open for a closer look. A moving van rolls across the view, which then zooms in on the girls; they look after it with great puzzlement. From over the hedge that separates the girls' yard from the one that used to belong to the Smith family "Supper Villain," "Just Desserts", we see the van parked in front of the house and boxes being hauled in. Cut back to the girls and pan left as Buttercup slides up to the hedge for a look, kneeling to stay out of sight. Blossom follows her lead; Bubbles does not join them.
Blossom says: "Get over here!"
Bubbles zips up, standing rather than kneeling.
Bubbles says: "What?"
Blossom says: "Get down!"
Cut to the other side of the hedge. Three openings appear, each with one girl's eyes behind it and her hands pushing the leaves aside. The eyes dart back and forth before Bubbles continues.
Bubbles says: "Blossom!"
Blossom says: "What?"
Bubbles says: "I don't get it."
Bubbles says: "What are we hiding behind the bush for?"
Their perspective; now two moving men carry a box across the field of view. Until further notice, all three girls keep their voices down.
Blossom says: "Shhh!"
Blossom says: "This is a covert operation."
On the end of this, the men stop and glance nervously toward the camera.
Blossom says: "If you don't lower your voice..."
Blossom says: "Now keep your voice down and lay low."
The new neighbors' side of the hedge again; the leaves have moved back together, but the girls clear a new view for themselves.
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Bubbles says: "What if our new neighbor is a beautiful lady and falls madly in love with the Professor?"
Buttercup says: "Just because you see plastic ware, doesn't mean it has to be a girl."
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "Boys need a place to put leftovers, too."
Bubbles says: "All right already!"
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "I bet our neighbor's a swinging bachelor!"
Bubbles says: "Look at all those weights!"
(Her perspective says: "now a moving man is straining to drag a weight bench into the house."
(Her perspective says: ")"
Bubbles says: "I bet our new neighbor is strong and very manly."
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Women lift weights, too."
Bubbles says: "That falls madly in love with the Professor?"
Buttercup says: "Look!"
(Their perspective says: "a clothes rack with his and hers bathrobes on its way in."
(Their perspective says: "Back to the neighbors' side of the hedge."
(Their perspective says: ")"
Blossom says: "That can only mean one thing."
Girls says: "Married."
Buttercup says: "Ick!"
Blossom says: "I bet they're just another boring couple like everyone else on our block."
(Their perspective says: "boxes and furniture being hauled back and forth."
(Their perspective says: "When the men clear out, one box is left sitting at a distance on the walk."
(Their perspective says: "It is marked "TOYS."
Bubbles says: "Hey, look!"
Bubbles says: "Check out that big box of toys!"
Blossom says: "Now, Bubbles, you know that lots of old people play with toys too."
A small girl peeks out from behind the box, just far enough to expose long brown hair and a large blue eye.
Bubbles says: "You're right."
Bubbles says: "Look at that little man standing right next to 'em."
Cut to just behind the girl.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "That's not a little man, that's a girl."
Blossom says: "You think she can see us?"
Bubbles says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Buttercup says: "Yep."
Bubbles has drawn the newcomer's attention; she keeps jumping and calling.
Bubbles says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Bubbles says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Bubbles says: "Hey, you!"
Bubbles says: "Yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo!"
The girl hunches back behind the box, but has her cover taken away suddenly. Now we see all of her - she is almost a dead ringer for the girl who played with Twiggy the hamster in "Stuck Up, Up, and Away." She wears red pants and a white shirt with an apple on its front. With nowhere to hide, she looks back and forth, then manages a timid little wave. Back to the girls' Blossom and Buttercup still watching from behind the hedge, Bubbles jumping in the neighbors' yard.
Bubbles says: "I think she saw me!"
Bubbles says: "Come on!"
Bubbles says: "Let's go say hi!"
Cut to the girl, her eyes moving up and down to follow Bubbles' progress. The latter jumps across the yard and stops next to her. A moment of silence. Now the girls return to their normal speaking volume.
Bubbles says: "Hi."
Bubbles says: "I'm Bubbles, what's your name, what grade are you in, what's your favorite color, what's your favorite animal, do you like drawing?"
When the girl speaks, she sounds a bit nervous, but gradually warms up to the situation.
Robin says: "Hi."
Robin says: "Um..."
Robin says: "I'm Robin Snyder."
Robin says: "Let's see, uh..."
Robin says: "kindergarten..."
Robin says: "um, elephants, and..."
Robin says: "yeah, I like drawing."
Blossom and Buttercup step across the yard.
Bubbles says: "Your favorite color is elephant?"
The others arrive; Blossom clears her throat. Buttercup has her arms crossed and is playing it cool.
Bubbles says: "These are my sisters, Blossom..."
Pan to her.
Blossom says: "On behalf of all the citizens of Townsville, I'd like to welcome you to our neighborhood."
Pan to Buttercup.
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "and Buttercup."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, wassup?"
Robin says: "Hey, do you all go to Pokey Oaks?"
Blossom says: "Uh-huh."
Bubbles says: "Uh-huh."
Bubbles says: "You'll love it!"
Bubbles says: "They have arts and crafts."
Blossom says: "And story time."
Buttercup says: "And recess."
Robin says: "Do they have dodgeball?"
Buttercup says: "Uh-huh."
Robin says: "I love to do all those things, but I haven't gotten to 'cause all my toys and books have been packed up."
Bubbles says: "Well, then, why don't you come over to our house to play?"
Bubbles says: "We got everything."
Robin says: "You really mean it?"
Bubbles says: "Yeah!"
Bubbles says: "Right?"
Blossom says: "Correct."
Buttercup says: "Right on."
Bubbles says: "Come on!"
Bubbles says: "Let's go!"
All four walk to the girls' house; cut to inside the front door as they cross the living room.
Bubbles says: "This is our house."
Bubbles says: "Our room is upstairs."
They reach the kitchen door and stop. The Professor is washing dishes.
Bubbles says: "This is our dad."
Bubbles says: "This is Robin from next door."
Professor says: "Why, hello there, Robin."
Professor says: "It's very nice to have you as our new neighbor."
Professor says: "I'm the Professor."
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "He made us in his laboratory by accident."
Both look up toward him; cut to their perspective of him.
Professor says: "Well, what can I say?"
Robin says: "Don't worry, Professor."
Robin says: "I was an accident too."
This remark catches him off guard; cut to the four climbing the stairs. The girls do not float up, but use their legs.
Robin says: "Your dad is funny."
Cut to inside the girls' room, the camera pointing at the door. It creaks open to admit the group. Zoom in on Robin as she gasps in joy and surprise, then cut to her perspective and pan slowly across the room - littered with toys of all sorts. Games, video and otherwise, dollhouse, dartboard, stuffed animals, punching bag, skateboard - it almost looks as if the Professor ripped off the toy store again, as he did in "Ploys R' Us", or had bought them legit. When her line of vision reaches the windows, the girls lean into view.
Girls says: "Let's play!"
(Buttercup swings one end of a jump rope for Robin says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
Bubbles; the other end is out of view at first says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
but the camera pans to show it in Blossom's grip. Now she says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
Buttercup watch a puppet show says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
with the stage's top edge out of view. Turn up to show Robin says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
Bubbles working the marionettes. Next says: "Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower."
(Buttercup swings one end of a jump rope for Robin says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
Bubbles; the other end is out of view at first says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
but the camera pans to show it in Blossom's grip. Now she says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
Buttercup watch a puppet show says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
with the stage's top edge out of view. Turn up to show Robin says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
Bubbles working the marionettes. Next says: "She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing."
(Buttercup swings one end of a jump rope for Robin says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
Bubbles; the other end is out of view at first says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
but the camera pans to show it in Blossom's grip. Now she says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
Buttercup watch a puppet show says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
with the stage's top edge out of view. Turn up to show Robin says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
Bubbles working the marionettes. Next says: "She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five."
(Buttercup swings one end of a jump rope for Robin says: ")"
Bubbles; the other end is out of view at first says: ")"
but the camera pans to show it in Blossom's grip. Now she says: ")"
Buttercup watch a puppet show says: ")"
with the stage's top edge out of view. Turn up to show Robin says: ")"
Bubbles working the marionettes. Next says: ")"
Robin works on a jigsaw puzzle with Blossom; then she and Bubbles go to work on separate drawings. When they show their work, we see that each has drawn the other, and both laugh. Now Blossom and Robin stand before the mirror, their backs to the camera and their images mostly blocking what is in front of them 0 but we can see the eyes of Buttercup and Bubbles reflected in the glass. They are having their hair brushed by the other two, who back out of view to show what they have come up with. Each has had her hairstyle worked on; the sides of Buttercup's flip curl up much more than they did before, while Bubbles' pigtails have become big fluffy clouds of hair. The former looks rather cross about this makeover, the latter pleased as punch. Blossom and Robin giggle over their handiwork.
[Note says: "In the preceding two paragraphs, Robin and the girls are not heard speaking or giggling."
[Note says: "Other sounds, such as the blocks falling, are heard."
Cut to the Professor, poking his head through the doorway.
Professor says: "Oh, girls..."
He stops short to the sound of creaking springs, and his eyes start to move up and down. Cut to Bubbles and Robin, bouncing into view near the windows.
Bubbles says: "Hi, Professor!"
They drop out of sight, Buttercup and Blossom bounce up and down, and the first two reappear.
Bubbles says: "We're jumping!"
Pull back across the room to the Professor's perspective. They are bouncing on the bed.
Professor says: "Yes, I can see that, Bubbles."
Professor says: "Um, Robin's mother called."
Professor says: "It's time for her to go home."
Professor says: "Robin's got a lot of unpacking to do."
Close-up of the bed; they stop jumping.
Girls says: "Awww..."
Robin says: "Awww..."
Professor says: "Come on now, girls, there's always tomorrow."
Girls says: "Yaaaay!"
Robin says: "Yaaaay!"
Dissolve to the four on their way down the stairs. The girls are now floating - the first time since meeting Robin that they have done so. She is slightly ahead of them, not looking back.
Bubbles says: "So, you think you can come over tomorrow?"
Robin says: "Sure."
She suddenly cries out in shock, her eyes popping, and tumbles o.c. to the floor. Cut to the girls' perspective of her, flat on her back.
Girls says: "Are you okay?"
Robin says: "Am I okay?"
Robin says: "Are you okay?"
Robin says: "You..."
Robin says: "you're all floating!"
Blossom says: "Floating..."
Blossom says: "?"
Girls says: "Oops."
Blossom says: "Sorry, Robin."
Blossom says: "We forgot to tell you..."
Blossom says: "we have superpowers."
Cut to just behind Robin as she sits up to face them. Brief silence as she mulls this over.
Robin says: "Okay."
Robin says: "I have superpowers too."
Girls says: "Really?"
Robin says: "Yeah, watch."
She proceeds to cross one eye while keeping the other aimed at the girls; they laugh at this, and she makes the crossed eye move back and forth on its own. Dissolve to the interior of what appears to be a small box, with a window through which Bubbles is peering from outside. A bell rings.
Bubbles says: "I think it's done."
The side of the box with the window opens up; Bubbles is holding on to it with an oven mitt. We are back in the girls' room, with the other three behind her and watching expectantly. She reaches in, and the camera cuts to a close-up of the chamber, which is revealed to be a toy oven. A small cake is pulled out, steam rising from it.
Girls says: "Ooooh..."
Robin says: "Ooooh..."
Girls says: "ahhhh..."
Robin says: "ahhhh..."
Buttercup says: "It looks delicious!"
After a moment, it pops and deflates like a falling soufflé'. Nervous silence.
Blossom says: "So..."
Blossom says: "uh..."
Blossom says: "Robin..."
Cut to Blossom driving a Big Wheel on the sidewalk. A rope is tied to the rear end, and we can just see Robin's eye at the edge of the view and her hand holding the rope. She is being towed along, and Blossom looks back toward her.
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "what do you think of Townsville?"
Robin says: "I love it!"
Robin says: "It's the best place I've ever lived!"
Buttercup says: "Know what else is the best?"
Cut to the night sky and turn down to the girls' backyard on the next line. A tent has been set up, and we can see silhouettes of the four through the cloth thanks to a light inside.
Buttercup says: "Sleeping under the stars."
Blossom says: "Yeah, and you know what else?"
Cut to them inside the tent, lying on sleeping bags around a small lantern.
Blossom says: "Cats!"
Robin says: "I have a cat."
Bubbles says: "You do?"
Robin says: "Uh-huh."
Cut to them under a tree in her yard. It is daytime again. A small cat is with them; Bubbles lies on the grass next to it.
Robin says: "Her name's Ginger."
Robin says: "She catches mice, but she doesn't eat 'em."
Bubbles says: "We had a cat for about a week once..."
An empty patch of lawn. Bubbles stands up into view; she is now in her swimsuit and dripping wet.
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "but he turned out to be an evil kitty."
She giggles as a jet of water hits her. Pull back; all four are in swimwear and playing around a lawn sprinkler. Buttercup laughs as she gets sprayed.
[Animation goof says: "In the long shot, the girls are wearing one-piece suits with black stripes, while in the close-ups, Bubbles and Buttercup each have on a two-piece."
Buttercup says: "The Professor once invented the perfect pet for us."
[Note says: "Bubbles and Buttercup are referring to "Cat Man Do" and "Pet Feud," respectively."
Back to the bedroom. We see her and Robin; as she speaks, the camera pulls back to show the other two girls. Bubbles wears a black cape and fake mustache, and waves a magic wand over an upended top hat. On the next line, cut to a close-up of Bubbles, putting the others o.c.
Buttercup says: "He was really cool and smart and funny..."
Bubbles throws a pinch of glitter into the air and reaches into the hat.
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: "but he had a little problem."
Buttercup says: "He ate too much."
Bubbles pulls out a carrot that has had a bite taken out of it - the rabbit evidently decided to take five without telling her. Her mustache falls off and she smiles sheepishly.
Now we see all four playing a board game. Bubbles aims a disgruntled glance at Blossom.
Blossom says: "Too much?"
Blossom says: "What do you mean, too much?"
Blossom says: "You landed on Broad Street and that's how much rent is, so pay up."
Bubbles says: "Fine!"
Bubbles says: "Here you go!"
As the Professor looks in from the doorway, they have a slot-car race going. Bubbles waves pom-poms like a cheerleader, Blossom watches, and Buttercup and Robin are at the controls. The former wears a green and white cap, the latter a red and yellow one.
Bubbles says: "Robin, go!"
Close-up of the two cars speeding along the track; their colors match the drivers' caps.
Bubbles says: "Go, Robin, go!"
Robin's car pulls ahead of Buttercup's and zooms o.c.; cut to a radio-controlled vehicle as it zips across the floor and stops in front of the group. Buttercup has the controller, Blossom and Robin one doll each. Another is in the driver's seat.
Blossom says: "Heather Tiffany, Garrett's here to pick you up."
Blossom says: "Have fun!"
Robin says: "Thanks, Aunt Brashley."
Robin says: "Where's your date..."
Robin says: "Chadwick?"
Cut to an overhead view of them lying in a row across a hammock strung between two trees in the yard.
Robin says: "But my favorite thing about Townsville is my new friends."
Blossom says: "Me too."
Buttercup says: "Me three."
Bubbles says: "Me four."
Part Two.