Blossom says: "The metropolis of Citysburg is in trouble."
The next panel shows a bank. In the one following this, the front wall has been blown out, with the sound effect "BOOM!" written in, Batman-style.
Blossom says: "Boom!"
A masked robber emerges, carrying sacks of cash. Blossom chuckles evilly. Now we see the man looking over his shoulder at a white car with red racing stripes, bearing down on him. Blossom's next lines match the word balloons on the page.
Blossom says: ""Huh?"
Blossom says: ""  "The Morality Mobile?"
Blossom says: "No!"
Blossom says: "It can't be!"
The robber is confronted by a blond woman in a red-white-and-blue outfit similar to that of Wonder Woman. Again Blossom's words match those of the characters.
Blossom says: ""Freedom Gal?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Blossom says: ""  "With my Lasso of Regret, you will feel bad about your actions and give up!"
(The lasso catches the robber. Sound effect says: ""SNAG!"
(The lasso catches the robber. Sound effect says: "" Next panel: close-up of him, hanging his head in defeat."
(The lasso catches the robber. Sound effect says: ")"
Blossom says: ""You're right."
Blossom says: "I'm sorry."
Blossom says: ""  "Justice is served!"
Buttercup says: "Boring!"
Buttercup says: "That's not hard at all."
Buttercup says: "Check out..."
Pan slowly across a dark, decaying skyline - a different comic. This one features a caped man-beast leaping through the air.
Buttercup says: "..."
Buttercup says: ""Spore"!"
(The full title of the strip says: ""Old McDonald's Angry Spore."
(The full title of the strip says: "" Next panel: the creature, Spore, rising from a sea of flames."
(The full title of the strip says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Out of the darkness he rises to kick butt!"
(On the end of this says: ""AACK!"
we see a panel in which Spore punches a gunman in the face. Effect says: ""AACK!"
(On the end of this says: "" Next panel: a thug being kicked in the jaw."
we see a panel in which Spore punches a gunman in the face. Effect says: "" Next panel: a thug being kicked in the jaw."
(On the end of this says: "Buttercup's next line matches the effects in this one and the next."
we see a panel in which Spore punches a gunman in the face. Effect says: "Buttercup's next line matches the effects in this one and the next."
(On the end of this says: ")"
we see a panel in which Spore punches a gunman in the face. Effect says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Kerak!"
Buttercup says: "Blam!"
(Cut to a panel in which Spore holds a large assault weapon. Word balloon says: ""It's show time!"
(Cut to a panel in which Spore holds a large assault weapon. Word balloon says: "" As Buttercup continues, turn down to the bottom of the picture."
(Cut to a panel in which Spore holds a large assault weapon. Word balloon says: "Effect: "LOAD."
Buttercup says: "That hurt you more than it hurt me!"
Bubbles says: "Ooooh, I'm all tormented!"
Bubbles says: "Where's the magic?"
Bubbles says: "Where's the funny?"
Bubbles says: "You need to read..."
Now we see a strip very much in the style of Hello Kitty, drawn in black and white. The panel shows a rabbit in a hood and cape and a sea creature, perhaps a seal, licking a lollipop. The two walk happily along a trail in the park.
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: ""Chiisai Banii-Banii no Kawaii Bouken Monogatari"!"
Blossom says: "In English!"
Buttercup says: "In English!"
Bubbles says: "Oh."
Bubbles says: "Sorry."
Bubbles says: ""The Great Funtime Adventures of..."
Bubbles says: "Bunny-Bunny and Friend"!"
(First panel says: "the rabbit, Bunny-Bunny, looking alarmed."
(First panel says: "Its words are in Japanese."
(First panel says: "Bubbles translates."
(First panel says: ")"
Bubbles says: ""Wareras!"
Bubbles says: "An obstacle is evident!"
Bubbles says: ""  "Being a rock, I am without movement."
Bunny-Bunny looks puzzled in the next panel. Pan left slightly to show Wareras smiling. Now we see the rabbit lifting the rock.
Bubbles says: ""I am filled with solutions!"
(Next panel says: "the rock being thrown away."
(Next panel says: "It and Bunny-Bunny are smiling."
(Next panel says: "Final: the rock sailing toward Wareras and shouting gleefully."
(Next panel says: ")"
Bubbles says: ""Whee!"
[Note says: "The panel sequence in this comic runs from right to left, as in Japanese comics."
[Note says: "Thanks to Collin McCulley for pointing this out and providing the exact spelling of the title."
Cut to Blossom on the floor at home, comic books strewn about the place.
Buttercup says: "Yeah, and Spore has scabs that never heal."
Bubbles says: "Bunny-Bunny could heal 'em."
Blossom says: "No, she couldn't."
Blossom says: "She's not a hero."
Buttercup says: "And they never heal!"
(Pull back. They are in the living room says: ""WHY, CHARLIE?"
with the Professor across from them says: ""WHY, CHARLIE?"
reading the paper. Headline says: ""WHY, CHARLIE?"
(Pull back. They are in the living room says: "" Blossom and Buttercup yell at Bubbles, who sings loudly to block them out."
with the Professor across from them says: "" Blossom and Buttercup yell at Bubbles, who sings loudly to block them out."
reading the paper. Headline says: "" Blossom and Buttercup yell at Bubbles, who sings loudly to block them out."
(Pull back. They are in the living room says: "After several seconds, he lowers his paper and regards them with irritation."
with the Professor across from them says: "After several seconds, he lowers his paper and regards them with irritation."
reading the paper. Headline says: "After several seconds, he lowers his paper and regards them with irritation."
(Pull back. They are in the living room says: ")"
with the Professor across from them says: ")"
reading the paper. Headline says: ")"
Professor says: "Girls?"
Blossom says: "Are you kidding?"
Blossom says: "We don't have cool outfits and vehicles."
Buttercup says: "And we're not all dark and tormented!"
Bubbles says: "And we never get out of scrapes with clever gadgets!"
Professor says: "So you think if you get the gadgets, costumes, and attitude, you'll be better heroes?"
Girls says: "EXACTLY!"
Professor says: "Oh, to be young and impressionable."
He buries his face in his paper. We see a B&W comic in the style of "Brenda Starr" and other soap-opera strips. The first panel shows a scientist at work in his lab, with a woman looking on. The Professor reads the title and dialogue.
Professor says: ""Dr."
Professor says: "Atom Magnum, M."
Professor says: "D."
Professor says: ", Ph."
Professor says: "D."
Professor says: ", Wizard."
Professor says: "" "Darn it, Jane!"
Professor says: "I'm not just mixing beverages here!"
Professor says: "The antidote is humanity's only hope!"
Professor says: ""  "..."
Professor says: "I'm so alone now."
Pull back to show the Professor still reading.
Professor says: "Oh, Dr."
Professor says: "Magnum."
Professor says: "You dog, you."
The hotline begins to buzz o.c.. Pull back to show it across the room. The Professor regards it for a long moment - longer than it usually takes the girls to pick up - then calls to them.
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "The hotline!"
He goes back to his reading. The hotline keeps buzzing. The bedroom door remains closed and quiet. After a longer moment, he looks up, more irritated.
Professor says: "GIRLS!"
The door does not open at this summons either. He sighs, gets out of his chair, and picks up the phone himself.
Professor says: "Powerpuff hotline."
(Cut to the Mayor in his office says: "in the window behind him, a giant slime monster with a vertical mouth is attacking the city."
holding the phone. He is visibly shaken says: "in the window behind him, a giant slime monster with a vertical mouth is attacking the city."
for good reason says: "in the window behind him, a giant slime monster with a vertical mouth is attacking the city."
(Cut to the Mayor in his office says: ")"
holding the phone. He is visibly shaken says: ")"
for good reason says: ")"
Mayor says: "Oh, this is terrible!"
Mayor says: "Terrible!"
Professor says: "Well, Mr."
Mayor says: "No, no, no!"
Mayor says: "This is the Mayor!"
Mayor says: "I need the girls immediately!"
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "Emergency!"
The bedroom door continues to show no signs of activity. Long silence.
Professor says: "Girls!"
Professor says: "What are you doing in there?!"
Professor says: "!"
In the bedroom closet, a row of everyday dresses is pushed aside to reveal a blue bodysuit with a big white star on the front and a long red cape. One of the girls, now wearing the suit, pulls on a blue boot and slips on a golden bracelet. From behind, we see the cape slid into place over Blossom's ponytail. The clip in back now sports a star instead of a heart. She sets a gold eagle hair bow on top of her head in place of her usual red one.
Back to the Professor, looking o.c. up the stairs with considerable irritation.
Professor says: "Girls, what in blazes is going on?!"
Professor says: "!"
Buttercup stands in the middle of the bedroom floor, a look of fierce concentration on her face. She raises her arms, and a wall of green flame shoots up behind her, putting her in silhouette. The room around her disappears in the fire, leaving her standing on a small island in midair. Pull back to show the silhouette of a huge horned beast standing over her. It raises its hands, a ball of energy glowing between them, and throws this down at her. Overhead view of her, zooming in. The screen begins to fill with spots of black from the outside in as the camera approaches. When the view is entirely blacked out, two huge, glowing green eyes open, with small lightning bolts issuing from the corners. Below them is a wicked grin.
Back to the Professor, still greatly irked.
Professor says: "Girls, emergency!"
Professor says: "Hop to it!"
Cut to Bubbles, kneeling at the foot of the bed and lifting the end of the bedspread. She crawls underneath. Head-on view of her as she moves along, stopping when she reaches a white frame. Pull back to show this as a hole in the base of a large tree. A rainbow stretches across the sky above this. She runs through the tall grass that surrounds the tree. In close-up, we see that she wears a happy, eager look. A large bird swoops into view behind her and picks her up by the pigtails, carrying her into the air. She is deposited on the rainbow and slides down it, squealing in delight. She lands in a body of water and climbs out onto a nearby island. Pan right to show a tree stump with mushrooms around it. A small lunchbox rests on top of this, with a bunny hood in front of it.
Back to the Professor. He speaks into the hotline again.
Professor says: "I'm sorry, Mayor, they're not answering."
Professor says: "Can I take a message?"
Back to the Mayor. The monster has now torn away the entire back wall of the office.
Mayor says: "Yes!"
Mayor says: "Townsville is doomed!"
Professor says: "Okay, hold on, Mayor."
Professor says: "Let me try again."
He holds the receiver up toward the door of the girls' room.
Professor says: "THE CITY OF TOWNSVILLE IS IN GRAVE DANGER!"
Professor says: "THEY COULD REALLY USE THE POWERPUFF GIRLS ABOUT NOW!"
Blossom says: "The Powerpuff Girls aren't here!"
Professor says: "Wh-what do you mean, "not here"?!"
Professor says: "!"
Professor says: "Who am I speaking to?!"
Professor says: "!"
Blossom says: "Hold on!"
Professor says: "Hold on, Mayor."
In the office, the monster has hold of the Mayor.
Mayor says: "HURRY!!!"
The Professor looks worriedly up toward the door, which stays closed. The monster clamps its jaws around the Mayor. The Professor. The door. The monster knocks the top off a building with a swing of its arm. The cord of the hotline snakes from its mouth. The Professor. The door. The monster slimes down the street, engulfing several vehicles, as people scream in terror. The Professor. The door. The monster unleashes laser beams from its eyes against a section of Townsville. The Professor. The door. The monster, standing in the middle of the street and blinking. The Professor. The door. Close-up of the Mayor in the monster's mouth, looking around nervously and still holding the receiver. The Professor. The door. The monster spits the Mayor out. The Professor. The door. The Mayor, lying on the pavement and still holding the receiver. Turn up from him to the monster as it retreats over the horizon, apparently having given up with not being able to engage the Girls in combat and having wasted time wrecking Townsville for nothing.
The Professor one last time, covering the mouthpiece.
Blossom says: "Presenting..."
Blossom says: "Townsville's newest heroes!"
The door opens, and she somersaults down the stairs to land in front of the Professor. She is fully decked out in the outfit that was hanging in the closet.
Blossom says: "Liberty Belle!"
A cloud of black fog seeps out of the room and down the stairs. It forms into a silhouette of Buttercup, with glowing green eyes and shreds of mist trailing behind.
Buttercup says: "Mange."
She speaks in this manner for the rest of the episode. Back to the Professor.
Bubbles says: "And don't forget..."
Something white sails out and bounds all over the place like a crazed Superball before settling down. It is Bubbles, wearing the hood and a matching jumpsuit and carrying the lunchbox.
Bubbles says: "..."
Bubbles says: "Harmony Bunny!"
Blossom/Liberty Belle says: "And we are..."
Professor says: "Too late."
He hangs up the phone as they watch in total bewilderment, then regards them with a raised eyebrow. It is clear he is disappointed in them screwing around for so long and not leaving at once to deal with the monster threat.
Professor says: "Better heroes, huh?"
They hang their heads sadly. Fade to black.
Snap to the city skyline - the real one this time - in the morning.
Narrator says: "Hey, I'm finally in the show!"
Narrator says: "The next day..."
The monster from the day before looms up over the buildings and roars at full volume. Close-up of the hotline in the living room as it starts to buzz, then cut to them asleep in bed. They are still wearing their outfits, and the headboard has their new superhero names pasted in the appropriate locations. The buzzing snaps them awake. We hear the phone being picked up. Cut to the Professor, downstairs in his pajamas. He has answered.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "We slept in our outfits..."
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "..."
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "so we'd be ready!"
Buttercup/Mange says: "What's the problem?"
The Professor holds the receiver toward them.
Mayor says: "The monster's back!"
Mayor says: "HEEEELLLLPPPPPP!!!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Evildoers beware!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "For when the Liberty Belle tolls..."
(Behind the edge of her cape says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
the scene wipes to an extreme close-up of a jet exhaust nozzle mounted on the back of a vehicle. The engine roars to life. Cut to the exterior of the house as the garage door opens. A large blue car says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
with red says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
white stripes on the hood says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
big gold wings in back says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
a white star on each side roars out says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
turns onto the road. It tears through the streets says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
we see a quick head-on view of it approaching the camera says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
with Blossom behind the wheel. This is the Freedom Mobile. She drives at top speed for a few more moments says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
then slams on the brakes to bring the car to a screeching halt. She gasps in surprise at what lies ahead of her says: "a rush-hour traffic jam that would make, say, New York or Atlanta seem like a model of efficiency by comparison."
(Behind the edge of her cape says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
the scene wipes to an extreme close-up of a jet exhaust nozzle mounted on the back of a vehicle. The engine roars to life. Cut to the exterior of the house as the garage door opens. A large blue car says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
with red says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
white stripes on the hood says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
big gold wings in back says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
a white star on each side roars out says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
turns onto the road. It tears through the streets says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
we see a quick head-on view of it approaching the camera says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
with Blossom behind the wheel. This is the Freedom Mobile. She drives at top speed for a few more moments says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
then slams on the brakes to bring the car to a screeching halt. She gasps in surprise at what lies ahead of her says: "Pull back slowly in an overhead view to show the extent of the congestion as a cacophony of car horns makes itself heard."
(Behind the edge of her cape says: ")"
the scene wipes to an extreme close-up of a jet exhaust nozzle mounted on the back of a vehicle. The engine roars to life. Cut to the exterior of the house as the garage door opens. A large blue car says: ")"
with red says: ")"
white stripes on the hood says: ")"
big gold wings in back says: ")"
a white star on each side roars out says: ")"
turns onto the road. It tears through the streets says: ")"
we see a quick head-on view of it approaching the camera says: ")"
with Blossom behind the wheel. This is the Freedom Mobile. She drives at top speed for a few more moments says: ")"
then slams on the brakes to bring the car to a screeching halt. She gasps in surprise at what lies ahead of her says: ")"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Oh..."
Bubbles, meanwhile, is still inside the house. Her lunchbox is next to her.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "When trouble is near..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "and away I go!"
She looks up at what she is holding, and her triumphant look melts into surprise. She throws the roll away.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "I am not slow..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "and away I..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "go?"
This is not what she wants either. She tosses it and starts digging in the box. One item after another is flung out as she repeats her rhyme.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "For it's hop, hop..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "oh, wait, wait..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "for it's hop, hop..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "hold on!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "I got it..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "for it's hop, hop, hop..."
Cut to the Professor, who watches the storm of items flying past him with small surprise.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "For it's hop, hop, hop..."
She begins to pull out something long and straight.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "and away..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "I..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "pogo!"
The target of her search is a pogo stick. Back to the Professor, his eyes moving up and down as we hear the sound of the stick's spring. After a moment, Bubbles' bunny ears move into view, bouncing up and down as they make their way across the bottom of the screen. The Professor watches her go. Cut to her, the camera following as she bounces across the living room. After a moment, he walks into view behind her and left o.c....he walks faster than she can pogo. The front door is heard opening as she makes her way along.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Thanks, Professor!"
Professor says: "You're welcome."
Professor says: "Hurry up, now."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Harmony Bunny is not slow!"
Side view of the Professor. Once again all we see of Bubbles are her bunny ears.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "For it's..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "hop, hop, hop..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "and away..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "I..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "go!"
It takes her until the end of this line to get all the way out. After she is gone, he sighs and looks o.c. right. He is visibly irked.
Professor says: "Well..."
Professor says: "aren't you going?"
Buttercup is off to one side of the room, well out of the rectangle of light from the open door.
Buttercup/Mange says: "Uh-uh."
Buttercup/Mange says: "Too bright."
Buttercup/Mange says: "Mange only travels at night."
In the city, the monster pounds a building down. Blossom sits in traffic and leans on her horn, and Bubbles bounces along the sidewalk in front of the house. Buttercup, meanwhile, sits on the end of the living room couch as the clock ticks. Now the monster leaps into the air and falls on a group of buildings, throwing dust everywhere. Blossom crawls along a bridge. Bubbles advances slowly into view on a sidewalk, still well away from the scene of the action. Buttercup stays on the couch. The monster blows a row of buildings to smithereens with its eye lasers. Slow pan across the dashboard of the Freedom Mobile, with the reflection of an exasperated Blossom visible in the windshield. Close-up of the end of Bubbles' pogo stick as she continues bouncing along, the camera following her. Buttercup is still on the couch. Pan left to show the Professor seated at the other end, looking rather crossly at her, and then back to her end.
(Snap to black says: "the monster destroying the city skyline, piece by piece."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "the monster destroying the city skyline, piece by piece."
(Snap to black says: "Second panel: Blossom inching along in the traffic jam."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "Second panel: Blossom inching along in the traffic jam."
(Snap to black says: "Third panel: Bubbles pogo-sticking along a stretch of sidewalk in the subdivision."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "Third panel: Bubbles pogo-sticking along a stretch of sidewalk in the subdivision."
(Snap to black says: "Bottom panel: the Professor and Buttercup on the couch."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "Bottom panel: the Professor and Buttercup on the couch."
(Snap to black says: "After several seconds, the sky fades to sunset and the monster looks at its wrist impatiently as if checking the time."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "After several seconds, the sky fades to sunset and the monster looks at its wrist impatiently as if checking the time."
(Snap to black says: "Evening comes; the monster roars, and it, Blossom, and Bubbles each make their way o."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "Evening comes; the monster roars, and it, Blossom, and Bubbles each make their way o."
(Snap to black says: "c."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "c."
(Snap to black says: "Buttercup finally leaves the house, and we hear the door slam."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "Buttercup finally leaves the house, and we hear the door slam."
(Snap to black says: "The Professor looks up when he hears the door and sees that Buttercup has finally left."
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: "The Professor looks up when he hears the door and sees that Buttercup has finally left."
(Snap to black says: ")"
after which four horizontal panels slide into place one at a time. Top panel says: ")"
(Cut to a close-up of a wristwatch. Note says: "It looks like the Pokemon Jigglypuff based on the design."
(Cut to a close-up of a wristwatch. Note says: ")"
Mayor says: "Where can those blasted girls be?!"
Mayor says: "!"
High-beam headlights play over the two of them.
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Sorry we're late, Mayor."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "But we're here!"
Buttercup/Mange says: "And ready to fight!"
Mayor says: "Splendid!"
Mayor says: "But there's a teensy little problem."
Mayor says: "Better heroes, huh?!"
Mayor says: "!"
Again the girls hang their heads for being tardy to the fight once more. Strike two for their new superhero personas. Fade to black.
Snap to the city skyline, the camera shaking with repeated impacts, then cut to a street and pan along it. Cars shake and jitter about. We see a popped fire hydrant spewing water into the air. Stop at a tree on a street corner, with the girls asleep at its base, Blossom wrapped in her cape like a blanket. The tremors shake them out of their slumber. Cut to the base of the monster and turn up to its head as it roars and shakes its fists at the sky, ready for another round at wrecking Townsville and getting to finally fight the girls. The girls brace for a showdown.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "So you're back!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Well, we stayed here all night..."
Buttercup/Mange says: "..."
Buttercup/Mange says: "so we'd be ready."
The monster towers over them.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Well, monster, prepare to face..."
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "..."
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "and Mange!"
Buttercup is seen in the shadow of the tree.
Buttercup/Mange says: "Um, it's a little bright, so, I'm just gonna sit this one out."
Buttercup/Mange says: "Okay?"
The monster roars. Blossom begins to twirl a golden lasso similar to Freedom Gal's.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Using my Lariat of Guilt, I will force the monster to admit his wrongdoing!"
The loop sails through the air and o.c., and the rope is pulled tight. Close-up of the monster's base - she has snagged a tiny corner. Pan toward her as she continues.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Give in to those feelings and surrender!"
Bubbles dashes about its base, slapping her hand against it.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Hyah!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Hyah!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Hyah!"
When she removes her hand after the last strike, she reveals a small bunny sticker on the mound of slime, seen in close-up.
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Their good sweet powers will take hold of you and make you smile!"
The monster roars again, unaffected by this offensive.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "He's not giving in!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "I used my stickers!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Mange, help us!"
Buttercup/Mange says: "Uh, maybe later."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "This'll..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "make you..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "happy!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Succumb to the Lariat!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Feel your guilt and admit defeat!"
Monster says: "STOOOOOPPPPP!!"
This shocks the girls out of their attempts to defeat it.
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Huh?"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "Wha..."
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "?"
Buttercup/Mange says: "Huh?"
Monster says: "A flag girl who does rope tricks, some rabbit, and Little Miss Darkness who's afraid of a little sun."
Buttercup/Mange says: "Hey!"
Buttercup/Mange says: "Do you have any idea who you're talking to?!"
Buttercup/Mange says: "!"
Bubbles/Harmony Bunny says: "We're superheroes!"
Blossom/Liberty Bell says: "Real ones!"
Monster says: "Yeah, well, that's great and all, but-but, what am I supposed to tell the guys back on Monster Isle?"
Sepia-toned freeze frame of the tentacled creature from "Bubblevicious," ready to savage the town.
Steve says: "..."
Steve says: "he's a hero!"
Back to him, addressing the girls.
Steve says: "Now this new bit is just not gonna cut it."
Steve says: "..."
Steve says: "or souped-up vehicles..."
She hangs her head. Back to Steve.
Steve says: "..."
Steve says: "'cause you didn't need 'em!"
Steve says: "See..."
Turn down to street level as he continues and pulls the costumes off Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup in turn, leaving them standing in their everyday dresses.
Steve says: "So what do you say?"
He knocks over a nearby building to prove his point.
Steve says: "Powerpuff Girls?"
Blossom says: "Let's get him, girls!"
Steve says: "Now that's better..."
He trails off into a grunt as the girls slam into him and send him flying, finally giving him what he had come to Townsville to attain so he could return to Monster Isle in triumph.
The background for the end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved..."
The girls appear in their normal positions, but wearing their new costumes and looking very sad.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "with no thanks to Liberty Bell, Harmony Bunny, or Mange..."
They are replaced by their usual happy selves.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "but to the one and only Powerpuff Girls!"