Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "An average city with average suburbs and average neighborhoods with average family homes."
Dissolve to a sample of each particular milieu as it is named and stay on the house.
Narrator says: "Here we start with an average family, the Smiths."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "00."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "00."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "00."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "Pull back; the fist belongs to a bald man, with a long, banana-like nose, squinting groggily and sitting up in bed."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "Pull back; the fist belongs to a bald man, with a long, banana-like nose, squinting groggily and sitting up in bed."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "Pull back; the fist belongs to a bald man, with a long, banana-like nose, squinting groggily and sitting up in bed."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "This is Mr."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "This is Mr."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "This is Mr."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "Smith."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "Smith."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "Smith."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "His wife—"
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "His wife—"
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "His wife—"
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "darkly tanned, very light blond hair, sharply pointed nose, features bunched up in the middle of her face—"
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "darkly tanned, very light blond hair, sharply pointed nose, features bunched up in the middle of her face—"
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "darkly tanned, very light blond hair, sharply pointed nose, features bunched up in the middle of her face—"
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "is fast asleep next to him."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "is fast asleep next to him."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "is fast asleep next to him."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: "He picks up a pair of square eyeglasses from behind the clock and puts them on; his weary, bleary gaze does not change."
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: "He picks up a pair of square eyeglasses from behind the clock and puts them on; his weary, bleary gaze does not change."
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: "He picks up a pair of square eyeglasses from behind the clock and puts them on; his weary, bleary gaze does not change."
(An alarm clock begins to beep says: ")"
the sky lightens into morning. Inside says: ")"
a fist thumps heavily on top of the clock—a digital model showing 6 says: ")"
Around him, the scene dissolves to the bathroom shower as he washes up, then to the bathroom itself as he brushes his teeth while wrapped in a towel. Next he is in the bedroom, dressed for work and straightening his tie.
Mrs. Smith says: "You’ll never guess what’s for breakfast."
She carries a basket of laundry as she goes. She sounds insanely perky considering the early hour, and we see that she has a pronounced overbite. Dissolve around him to the kitchen table. To his left sits his daughter, a pudgy girl with a long blond ponytail and features that almost look drawn on. His son—green-dyed hair, braces, his mother’s teeth—sits on his right.
Mrs. Smith says: "Pancakes!"
She sets down a plate stacked high with them and ducks away. A pause.
Son says: "This family stinks!"
Around Mr. Smith, the scene dissolves to a head-on view of him in the driver’s seat of his car as he pulls out of the driveway. Next we see him at his job, which consists entirely of pressing two buttons to fill and seal jars of food—it might be mustard—as they pass him on a conveyor belt. Now he parks the car in front of the house and steps out. His expression has not changed one whit from when he woke up. Behind him, the Professor is doing a bit of hedge trimming.
Professor says: "Hiya, neighbor!"
Professor says: "Just trimming the hedges and feeling great!"
Mr. Smith starts toward his own front door on the end of this line; the two houses are in fact situated right next to each other, and his sports a winding front walk. It takes him some time to reach its other end.
Professor says: "My life’s going perfect."
Professor says: "Ju-u-ust perfect!"
Professor says: "Oh, I think I’ll sing the “My Life Is Perfect” song."
Inside, the camera follows him as he trudges through the house. His wife addresses him as he passes her.
Mrs. Smith says: "Hi, honey."
Mrs. Smith says: "Here’s your paper."
Mrs. Smith says: "Oh, by the way, Julie has a few friends over…the Powerpuff Girls!"
Her last three words prompt the sort of reaction that normally arises when one grabs a live wire. He stops in his tracks for a moment; then his face assumes its previous weary expression and he slogs along again. He passes his daughter, Julie, and the girls. They are playing jacks.
Julie says: "Look, Daddy, we’re playing jacks!"
He reaches the couch; his son is hanging lazily off it and watching TV. The camera stops, and he flops down next to the boy, who looks at him with anything but filial respect. A pause.
Son says: "I hate you!"
Mr. Smith opens the paper and begins to read, but an announcers voice cuts him off.
Announcer says: "We interrupt this program to bring you a breaking news update."
The broadcast shows a reporter with a microphone in hand and an audio receiver plugged into his ear. He has one eye screwed shut, giving him a slightly Popeye-like appearance. Townsville Hall stands across the street behind him; police cars are pulled up in front. The reporter’s voice marks him as a different individual from the one who announced the update; he sounds a bit like Howard Cosell.
Reporter says: "This is Stanley Whitfield, live in front of City Hall—"
Pull back; the girls continue their game of jacks.
Reporter says: "—"
Reporter says: "where the evil Mojo Jojo has captured the Mayor and is keeping him hostage inside City Hall."
On the end of this they look up, startled, and take off through the ceiling. Julie is left by herself. Back to the screen.
Whitfield says: "We’ve patched into a security camera to get a better view of the situation."
Black-and-white view of Mojo pointing a weapon at the head of the Mayor, who is cowering on the floor by his desk. Numerical readouts are seen across the bottom edge, as of a surveillance camera tape.
Whitfield says: "It seems Mojo Jojo has a raygun to the Mayors head!"
Close-up of Mr. Smith, the paper partially hiding his face.
Whitfield says: "How can this be happening?"
The paper is lowered, revealing a cunning smile on the man’s face—the first genuine sign of emotion we have seen so far. His eyebrows lower to complete the look. Back to the TV screen; Whitfield is seen outside Townsville Hall, with a white-mustached policeman next to him.
Whitfield says: "I’m standing with Police Chief Hiddledee of Townsville Police Department."
Whitfield says: "Chief Hiddledee, what is your assessment of the situation?"
Hiddledee says: "Stanley, when dealin’ with Mojo Jojo, we’re talkin’ pure evil!"
Back to Mr. Smith. His son is now napping on the couch, but he is rubbing his hands in evil glee and savoring every word of coverage.
Hiddledee says: "—"
Hiddledee says: "but pure evil cannot be stopped by these methods."
Hiddledee says: "It seems as though evil will prevail."
The man snaps glances to both sides of himself as the report continues.
Whitfield says: "Thank you for your time, Chief Hiddledee."
Mr. Smith tiptoes away from the couch; the camera follows him to an open door, which he ducks behind. He looks one way and the other, then pulls his head in and eases the door shut. Zoom in slowly to the sound of various tools being put through their paces. Fade to black.
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "00 again."
going off at 6 says: "00 again."
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "The previous morning’s routine plays itself out almost exactly, complete with Mrs."
going off at 6 says: "The previous morning’s routine plays itself out almost exactly, complete with Mrs."
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "Smith’s line as she passes behind him during his dressing."
going off at 6 says: "Smith’s line as she passes behind him during his dressing."
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "She is carrying another basket of laundry."
going off at 6 says: "She is carrying another basket of laundry."
(Snap to the alarm clock says: ")"
going off at 6 says: ")"
Mrs. Smith says: "You’ll never guess what’s for breakfast."
Mrs. Smith says: "Pancakes!"
Son says: "No one understands me!"
This line is the one change. He drives to work and performs his job, after which the scene dissolves to him on the couch, paper in hand. Another news report begins.
Announcer says: "We interrupt this program for a breaking news update."
He lowers his paper to pay attention. The screen shows the same opening tableau as the previous day’s broadcast did.
Whitfield says: "Hello."
Whitfield says: "This is Stanley Whitfield, live in front of City Hall, where Mojo Jojo still has our beloved Mayor captive."
Whitfield says: "And if this situation isn’t already horrific, last night it accelerated to new heights."
A box dissolves into view next to him; inside it is another reporter, with a microphone in one hand and the other cupped to her ear.
Whitfield says: "On the phone with us is rescue theorist Maria Santiago."
Whitfield says: "Are you there, Maria?"
Maria says: "Yes."
Maria says: "Hello, Stanley."
Whitfield says: "Maria, as we show the viewers last night’s footage, could you please comment?"
Maria says: "Yes, of course."
The screen fills with static as she continues. This resolves into the same view as before, but a donut-eating policeman stands in Whitfield’s place. Maria takes no notice.
Maria says: "At approximately seven forty-five PM last night, when the situation looked its darkest—"
On the end of this, the policeman looks into the sky, his face brightening. The girls are then seen in flight—this is indeed a previously recorded tape. Maria is no longer on screen.
Maria says: "—"
Maria says: "the Powerpuff Girls arrived at the scene."
Mr. Smith’s face goes slack at this turn of events, and he begins to twist the paper into a tight bundle. On TV, we now see another surveillance recording. The Mayor is now tied up and blindfolded by his desk; during the next line, Mojo runs past, with the girls in hot pursuit.
Maria says: "Once inside, it seemed the Powerpuff Girls had Mojo Jojo on the run."
Mr. Smith tears the screwed-up paper in half, his face now registering undiluted fury. Back to the TV.
Maria says: "But just then the tables turned."
The peripheral glare of an o.c. explosion is seen, and the image dissolves into static. When it clears, the scene is the same, but Mojo drags the unconscious girls up next to the Mayor as smoke rises from his blaster. It is clear he got the drop on the Girls off-camera, zapped them, and now holds them as his hostages alongside the Mayor. He strikes a victorious pose as he silently laughs in triumph.
Maria says: "Mojo Jojo reclaimed his control."
Maria says: "Townsville could be in big, big trouble!"
Maria says: "Stanley?"
As Whitfield picks up the story again, Mr. Smith looks positively ecstatic.
Whitfield says: "Thank you, Maria."
Whitfield says: "This is a grim day for Townsville."
Whitfield says: "Not only is the Mayor being held hostage, but so are the Powerpuff Girls."
He gets up and tiptoes away again; pan to the same door he ducked into the previous day. He peeks out from behind it and tucks himself away again, slamming the door.
Mrs. Smith says: "Dinner’ll be ready in fifteen, honey!"
The tools make themselves heard as the camera zooms in slowly. Fade to black.
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "00 one more time."
buzzing 6 says: "00 one more time."
(Snap to the alarm clock says: "The same routine unfolds, and once again Mrs."
buzzing 6 says: "The same routine unfolds, and once again Mrs."
Mrs. Smith says: "You’ll never guess what’s for breakfast."
Mrs. Smith says: "Pancakes!"
Son says: "Leave me alone!"
Drive to work. Do the job. Sit on the couch, smirking and rubbing hands together. Right on cue, another special report begins. Same initial view on TV.
Whitfield says: "Hello, this is Stanley Whitfield, live in front of City Hall."
Whitfield says: "It’s day three of the hostage situation, and we’re still at a standstill."
Whitfield says: "What the—"
Whitfield says: "?"
Zoom in on the structure, which keeps rumbling and finally explodes. Cut to two policemen covering their ears. Both look up, surprised, and a badly injured Mojo drops into the arms of one of them. Whitfield is heard stammering a bit before regaining his composure.
Whitfield says: "The Mayor is safe!"
Turn up to the sky as the girls fly over their heads and across the city.
Whitfield says: "Thank you, Powerpuff Girls!"
Whitfield says: "Bless your huge little heads."
Mr. Smith does not share Whitfield’s sentiment; the camera zooms in on him, rotating through 360 degrees as it does so. He is ready to blow every gasket in his head. Cut to his perspective of his hideout, approaching it quickly. Just as he is about to reach the door, his wife pops up in front of him. Her eyes are fully open for the first time since the start of the episode; they are a bright ice-blue.
Mrs. Smith says: "Sorry, dear."
Mrs. Smith says: "No private time tonight."
Mrs. Smith says: "We’re having dinner guests!"
She giggles, and the doorbell chimes as if on cue.
Mrs. Smith says: "Oh, good, they’re here!"
She practically floats across the room and stops at the front door, reaching toward the knob with her back to it.
Mrs. Smith says: "Look who’s here."
She opens the door and steps aside. The Professor and the girls are on the other side of it.
Professor says: "Hiya, neighbors!"
Girls says: "Thank you for inviting us!"
Mr. Smith stands frozen in the middle of the front hall; after a moment, nervous sweat starts to bead on his forehead—this is something he never expected, at least not right now. He wipes his brow and finally speaks, in a timid, quivering voice.
Mr. Smith says: "Yeah, uh…hi."
Mr. Smith says: "Gosh, it’s, uh—"
Mr. Smith says: "uh, great to see you."
Mr. Smith says: "Marianne, I—"
Mr. Smith says: "I don’t think tonight’s going to, uh, be a good, uh, night, uh, you know, for this, uh…tonight."
His wife regards him with some concern for a long moment. The neighbors stand at the door, still smiling. Finally she manages an embarrassed little giggle and turns to the Professor.
Mrs. Smith says: "Just a moment."
Now she rounds on her husband, her normally perky tone giving way to shrewish anger. He cowers before her approach.
Marianne says: "You listen to me, Harold!"
Marianne says: "That family has lived a nightmare for the past three days—"
Marianne says: "Come in."
Dissolve to both families gathered around the coffee table. There is a brief, tense silence.
Marianne says: "Now isn’t this nice?"
Professor says: "Oh, yes."
Professor says: "It’s nice to relax with friends after a long battle against evil."
Son says: "That’s right!"
Son says: "You really took care of Mojo Jojo,  huh?"
Mr. Smith says: "You know, Buddy, I—"
Mr. Smith says: "I really, uh, think that…maybe we—"
Mr. Smith says: "we—"
Mr. Smith says: "we should talk about something else."
Son says: "Okay, Dad, let’s talk about your amazing day."
Son says: "How many mustard jars did you fill?"
The Professor and brood are caught by surprise. Blossom is the first to try to change the tone.
Blossom says: "We don’t mind telling the story."
Buttercup says: "And to start…villains are stupid!"
Harold says: "Hi, excuse me, hi, hi-ho."
Harold says: "I’m just going to just quickly use the bathroom."
Buttercup says: "So anyway, we busted in on Mojo, and—"
Snap to black. A light switch clicks, and we see Harold’s silhouette at a lit doorway. A tap is opened, and water gushes from a faucet into a sink. Harold splashes some onto his face; he is standing at the counter in a bathroom decorated entirely in pink—it would fit in better at the residence of “Him” than in a suburban house. Harold regards himself in the mirror, trying to compose himself adequately.
Harold says: "All right, Harold, you can…you can do this."
Harold says: "Just make it through this one night—"
Harold says: "just one night."
Now smiling, he strides out of the bathroom to rejoin the conversation.
Bubbles says: "Then, I started to smash his face!"
Harold reaches the group, all of whom are enjoying the retelling, and then does an immediate about-face to duck into another room. He slams the door behind him. Back to the others.
Blossom says: "Basically, there’s no villain around that could take us."
The edge of some sort of blue, fuzzy garment moves into view across from the girls.
[Animation goof says: "The colors of the pupils and eye highlights are reversed in this shot."
Cut to a pair of stocking-clad feet on the carpet and turn up slowly to show them attached to a body clad in a pair of red thermal underwear. Yellow rubber gloves cover the hands, a holster is strapped to one hip, and a blue bath mat is tied around the neck for a cape—this is what we just saw. The face is that of Harold, with black-rimmed goggles replacing his square glasses, but his expression looks nothing like his previous bleary, timid countenances. Now he is alive with the fire of purpose, but his mouth is twisted down into a scowl. His outfit has a hood, on top of which a sparkler flashes. The whole makeshift, half-baked effect recalls the title character in the Damon Wayans film Blankman.
The Professor and the girls are stunned into silence. Marianne leans in front of them, laughing uneasily.
Marianne says: "What a joker Harold is!"
Marianne says: "You’re joking…right, Harold?"
Harold says: "No."
Harold says: "I’m finally free, Marianne."
Harold says: "I’m the arch-villain I always wanted to be."
Harold says: "No more mustard jars and routine days for me!"
Harold says: "And definitely no more average Harold Smith!"
Harold says: "I am now supervillain…uh…Harold Smith!"
Everybody stares at him; they are stunned into silence. Buddy is the first to break it and expresses something that actually resembles respect for the first time in this episode.
Buddy says: "All right, Dad!"
Harold says: "I’m glad you asked, Marianne."
Harold says: "—"
Harold says: "and melt the Professor’s head clear off his shoulders!"
His gun has been built from a hair dryer. On the end of this line, he leans up to his intended target’s face—so close that his nose is folded down over his own mouth—and laughs dementedly. Pull back; now he has the Professor at gunpoint again.
Harold says: "And that’s just for starters."
The two groups—the girls, and Harold holding the Professor—charge at each other, but before they can collide, Marianne inserts herself between them. She is furious.
Marianne says: "Stop it!"
Marianne says: "Stop it, stop it!"
Marianne says: "We are going to have a nice evening together."
Harold says: "Mmm-hmm."
Harold says: "But the second that meal is over…  …GOODBYE, PROFESSOR HEAD!"
Dissolve to the eight people at the dinner table. Harold still has his weapon trained on the Professor; the girls look angrily toward him.
Marianne says: "Bon appetit."
The camera shifts to the center of the table and rotates slowly to show each person. Harold eats with his free hand, while his captive sits like a statue with a spoonful of food in hand and another in his mouth. The girls wolf down their meal, ready to mix it up with this new foe; the rest of Harold’s family acts more or less normally. Marianne laughs politely.
Marianne says: "Isn’t this nice?"
Julie says: "Does anyone want to play jacks after dinner?"
Buddy says: "Man, Dad!"
Buddy says: "You’re the coolest!"
Back to Harold, his plate now empty.
Buttercup says: "I’m done."
Blossom says: "I’m done."
Bubbles says: "I’m done."
The other Smiths have finished their meals as well.
Marianne says: "Well…we should do this more often."
Julie says: "Does anybody want to play jacks after dinner?"
Buddy says: "Man, Dad!"
Buddy says: "You’re the coolest!"
Harold says: "Eat your pea, Professor."
[Animation goof says: "During this sequence, the table and background rotate in opposite directions."
The camera stops turning, and the Professor looks worriedly down at his plate. There is nothing left on it but a tiny bit of food. Close-up of him as he lifts his fork, then follow it as he lowers it toward the wayward vegetable. Extreme close-up of the tines descending toward it; the skin is pierced, and a drop of juice spurts out. Pull back. The Professor lifts his fork slowly, trying to spin out the moment as long as possible, and regards the pea for a few sweaty seconds.
Harold says: "Eat it!"
The unfortunate man finally puts the pea in his mouth and looks in Harold’s direction. Now he begins to chew very slowly, working the piece of food back and forth between his cheeks and making as if it had the consistency and texture of a three-day-old overcooked steak. This goes on for almost twenty seconds before Harold finally has enough.
Harold says: "SWALLOW IT!!"
The Professor does so; camera turns down toward his midsection, and we hear the food splash into his stomach. Pull back to show him looking as if he is about to meet his doom, with the girls looking on and ready to unload on Harold. Pull back again; Marianne is on their other side.
Marianne says: "Who wants dessert?"
Professor says: "I do!"
Harold says: "AW, FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, MARIANNE!"
Marianne says: "It’s…  …coconut cream pie."
Now she makes her way around the table, placing one before ach girl as she continues.
Marianne says: "I made one for each of you."
Harold says: "Well, you do make great coconut cream pies, Marianne."
Blossom says: "Then—"
Blossom says: "eat up, Harold!"
He is hit squarely in the face; the dessert explodes all over his carefully chosen outfit. The pie plate and its contents slide down to reveal a truly enraged Harold Smith.
[Animation goof says: "In this shot, he is wearing his regular square glasses, not the goggles."
Harold says: "Why, you little brat!"
He throws a pie. Blossom ducks; the throw connects o.c., and she looks in that direction and suddenly looks unnerved. Marianne has taken the hit and is not pleased about it.
Marianne says: "Harold…?"
She hurls one the full length of the table; it looks like a good throw, but at the last moment, Harold grabs the Professor and uses him as a shield to block it. Buddy laughs at the maneuver and promptly gets one in the kisser.
Julie says: "Does anybody want to play jacks after dinner?"
Buttercup says: "Take that, kin of evil!"
She is tapped on the shoulder, then turns around and gets nailed. Pull back to show Bubbles next to her, laughing to herself at the trick she has just pulled.
Buttercup says: "Bubbles!"
Another pie is thrown into view, connecting with Bubbles, and Buttercup smiles. Now it is an all-out food fight, with pies flying everywhere and seven people laughing and recreating the cafeteria scene in Animal House. The only one who has not taken any hits is Blossom; she is also not enjoying herself a bit.
Blossom says: "STOOOOPPP!!"
Blossom says: "Have you all gone mad?!"
Blossom says: "!"
The police kick in the front door, guns drawn.
Policeman says: "What’s going on in here?"
Girls says: "He’s got a gun!"
Professor says: "He’s got a gun!"
Harold hangs his head, and the scene dissolves around him to the back seat of a police car. It rolls away toward Townsville with its lights flashing and siren wailing. Marianne watches it go from the front window, her back to the camera. The Professor and the girls stand at the doorway, with dessert still all over their faces.
Professor says: "Thanks for a wonderful time, Mrs."
Professor says: "Smith, we should do it again real soon."
Close-up of Marianne; she turns to the camera to reveal pie splattered mostly on one side of her face and her features set in ice-cold fury.
Marianne says: "Those Powerpuff Girls ruined my dinner!"
Narrator says: "Uh-oh."
Narrator says: "Looks like evil runs in the family."
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is sav—"
Narrator says: "uh, I mean, dinner is ruined—"
Narrator says: "thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"