Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Narrator says: "And what a beautiful city she is, full of..."
Narrator says: "Uh..."
Narrator says: "hello?"
Ace says: "Yeah, listen, jerk-face, you good-for-nothin' toad!"
Narrator says: "You can't talk to me like that!"
Ace says: "How 'bout this?"
Ace says: "I think you stink!"
Ace says: "I can smell you over the phone!"
Narrator says: "Why I oughta..."
Narrator says: "WHO IS THIS?!"
Narrator says: "!"
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "The Gangreen Gang."
Narrator says: "Why, you crank-calling good-for-nothings!"
Narrator says: "When I get my hands on you, I'll..."
Ace says: "What a dope!"
Snake says: "Yeah."
Snake says: "What a dope."
Lil' Arturo says: "Hey, Ace!"
Lil' Arturo says: "Ace!"
Lil' Arturo says: "Do another one, huh?"
Snake says: "Yes-s-s, yes-s-s."
Snake says: "Do another one."
Ace says: "All right, all right."
Ace says: "Let's see."
He dials a number, and we hear the phone ringing on the other end. The screen splits to show the maître d' of a restaurant in the bottom right; he picks up.
Maitre d' says: "Café de Paris."
Ace says: "Yeah, listen, do you have frogs' legs?"
Maitre d' says: "But of course."
Ace says: "What, do you hop to work, then?"
Ace says: "Jerk!"
Ace says: "Okay, Arturo, you're up."
Big Billy says: "Awww..."
Lil' Arturo says: "Okay!"
Lil' Arturo says: "Shh, Shh!"
Lil' Arturo says: "It's ringing!"
Split-screen view again; this time the Professor appears in the other half. He picks up.
Professor says: "Hello?"
Lil' Arturo says: "Hi, am I speaking to the man of the house?"
Professor says: "Yes, by golly, you are."
Lil' Arturo says: "Well, then..."
Lil' Arturo says: "you just won ten million dollars!"
Professor says: "Te-ten million d-ten million dollars?!"
Professor says: "!"
Professor says: "Oh, wow!"
Professor says: "I've never won anything in my life!"
Lil' Arturo says: "Please hold."
Professor says: "Sure, I'll hold."
(The other Gang members begin to laugh says: "Ace lifts Lil' Arturo up to the phone, and he taps the hook to break the connection."
Lil' Arturo covers the mouthpiece says: "Ace lifts Lil' Arturo up to the phone, and he taps the hook to break the connection."
shushes them. Full-screen view says: "Ace lifts Lil' Arturo up to the phone, and he taps the hook to break the connection."
(The other Gang members begin to laugh says: "Split-screen view: the whole Gang laughs heartily at the joke, while the Professor stands at his phone, a wide smile frozen on his face."
Lil' Arturo covers the mouthpiece says: "Split-screen view: the whole Gang laughs heartily at the joke, while the Professor stands at his phone, a wide smile frozen on his face."
shushes them. Full-screen view says: "Split-screen view: the whole Gang laughs heartily at the joke, while the Professor stands at his phone, a wide smile frozen on his face."
(The other Gang members begin to laugh says: "The Gang's side expands to fill the screen again, and once more Ace picks up the receiver."
Lil' Arturo covers the mouthpiece says: "The Gang's side expands to fill the screen again, and once more Ace picks up the receiver."
shushes them. Full-screen view says: "The Gang's side expands to fill the screen again, and once more Ace picks up the receiver."
(The other Gang members begin to laugh says: ")"
Lil' Arturo covers the mouthpiece says: ")"
shushes them. Full-screen view says: ")"
Ace says: "Okay!"
Ace says: "Who's next?"
The others clamor for a chance. After a moment, Ace gives the phone to Big Billy and dials.
Lil' Arturo says: "Aww, jeepers!"
Snake says: "Aww, jeepers!"
[Animation goof says: "Grubber's mouth moves with them."
Split-screen view, with a housewife on the other side. She picks up.
Housewife says: "Hello?"
Big Billy says: "Hi."
Housewife says: "Who is this?"
Big Billy says: "Billy."
Housewife says: "Billy who?"
Big Billy says: "Big Billy."
Housewife says: "Hey, is this some kind of crank call?"
Big Billy says: "Yes."
Housewife says: "Well, it's not a very good one."
Big Billy says: "I'm sorry."
Ace says: "That was pathetic!"
Lil' Arturo says: "We're sorry, Ace!"
Lil' Arturo says: "We can be funnier!"
Ace says: "Nah, it ain't the jokes, it's the pranks."
Ace says: "They're too small-time."
Ace says: "We're the Gangreen Gang, for cryin' out loud!"
Ace says: "We need somethin' big."
Ace says: "Somethin' this whole city will never forget!"
Ace says: "Boys..."
Ace says: "I think I got it!"
Inside, the Mayor is standing on his desk, practicing his golf game. He puts the camera follows the ball as it rolls across, then into and out of the practice cup in front of his phone. It rings, and he picks it up.
Mayor says: "Hello?"
Mayor says: "Oh!"
Mayor says: "Ms."
Mayor says: "Bellum!"
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "You need me to leave the office?"
Pan quickly to Grubber at the pay phone outside.
Grubber says: "Hurry, Mayor."
Grubber says: "The crowd is getting restless!"
Rest of the Gang says: "We want a shop!"
Rest of the Gang says: "We want a shop!"
Grubber says: "Hurry!"
The Mayor runs past them, carrying a huge pair of scissors. The Gang laughs at him after he has gone. Pull back to bring the entire façade of the building into view. We see them in silhouette, tiptoeing up the steps.
Ace says: "Let's go!"
Cut to a hallway inside. Camera pans along it slightly faster than the Gang is moving and stops at the office door. Cut to inside the room; the door swings open, and the five poke their heads around the frame and gasp sharply. Pull back across the office. The hotline sits under a glass dome on the other side of the room.
Ace says: "Ooooh!"
Snake says: "Ooooh!"
Arturo says: "Ooooh!"
Billy says: "Ooooh!"
Cut to the exterior of the girls' house in the afternoon, then to the girls themselves inside, looking up at the camera in surprise and worry. A dial tone is heard.
Blossom says: "Very strange."
Buttercup says: "He's just standing there!"
Side view of them looking up at the Professor. He is still on the phone.
Bubbles says: "Should we see if he's okay?"
Close-up of the hotline as it starts to buzz, then back to the girls.
Blossom says: "An emergency!"
Blossom says: "The Professor will have to wait."
Blossom says: "What's the trouble, Mayor?"
Blossom says: "..."
Blossom says: "Mojo Jojo is at it again?"
Cut to Grubber, talking into the hotline in the office.
Pull back to show the Gang, gathered around the phone and laughing crazily, then cut to the exterior of the observatory. Zoom in and dissolve to inside Mojo's lair. In the background, we see silhouettes of an old Victrola and an armchair; classical music plays softly, and snoring is heard over this. Zoom in on the chair, which holds a napping Mojo with a newspaper over his face. After several seconds of silence, the girls crash in through the ceiling, jolting him awake.
Mojo says: "Wha..."
Mojo says: "?"
The girls start pounding on him. From his chair, he yells at them.
Mojo says: "What is the meaning of..."
The end of the sentence is cut off when Blossom shoves the back of the chair down onto him, squashing him. Buttercup picks the chair up and throws it against a wall. It falls to the floor and lands on its back, leaving him looking up at the girls.
Blossom says: "Don't play dumb."
Blossom says: "We know you've got some evil plot underway!"
Mojo says: "What are you talking about?"
Buttercup says: "Oh, like you don't have a giant robot ready to smash Townsville!"
Mojo says: "No."
Blossom says: "No diabolical plans to destroy the world?"
Mojo says: "No."
Bubbles says: "Turn everyone into zombies and you scare people!"
Mojo says: "Oh, for crying out loud."
Mojo says: "No!"
Mojo says: "I had no intention of committing any crimes."
Mojo says: "Today."
Blossom says: "Then what were you doing before we got here?"
Mojo says: "Sleeping!"
Buttercup says: "Before that!"
Mojo says: "Reading the paper!"
Blossom says: "Well..."
Blossom says: "you better behave yourself, or we'll be back!"
Mojo says: "Oh, goodness."
Mojo says: "I'd better not snore!"
The girls glare suspiciously at him. Cut to the exterior of the Powerpuff household as they fly in, then follow them as they float down the hall.
Blossom says: "How embarrassing."
They and the camera stop when they reach the Professor, still on the phone, this time eyes wide open in excitement; we hear the dial tone again.
Girls says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "Professor, what are you..."
Close-up of the hotline as it begins to buzz. The girls gasp o.c.; back to them.
Girls says: "The hotline!"
Blossom says: "Hello?"
Cut to outside the house and pan quickly across the countryside as the girls take off and fly toward the forest. In the office, the Gang is laughing again. We see the girls in flight, approaching Fuzzy's shack, then a close-up of him out in the bathtub, strumming his banjo. Pan from his feet to his head, then pull back as we hear the girls approaching fast. His eyes pop open in surprise. Back to them in flight.
Blossom says: "Okay, Fuzzy."
Blossom says: "Prepare to get stomped!"
(Back to him in the tub; he is lost under a sudden splash of water says: "the girls' impact against the tub."
(Back to him in the tub; he is lost under a sudden splash of water says: "When it clears, Buttercup is ready to deck him."
(Back to him in the tub; he is lost under a sudden splash of water says: ")"
Buttercup says: "This is for anything you broke!"
Close-up of Bubbles, holding the banjo. She raises it over her head.
Bubbles says: "And this is for taking a bath!"
She swings; just before impact, cut back to Fuzzy. The hit knocks him beneath the surface of the water, which begins to bubble. Pull back.
Buttercup says: "Uh-oh."
Buttercup says: "I think maybe he was just taking a bath."
Bubbles says: "Fuzzy..."
Bubbles says: "?"
Blossom says: "Um..."
Blossom says: "we didn't mean to..."
Fuzzy rises from the bath, towering above them and beet red with anger. They look up at him and smile nervously.
Blossom says: "I guess you weren't going crazy."
Blossom says: "You were just taking a bath."
All three giggle and inch away to one side before dashing off at top speed. Back to the exterior of the house as they fly in, then to the girls in front of the TV. In the background, the Professor is still on the phone; we hear the dial tone again.
Buttercup says: "Strike two for the Mayor!"
Blossom says: "Yeah."
Blossom says: "First Mojo's innocent, then Fuzzy Lumpkins is clean."
Blossom says: "What's next?"
Close-up of the hotline as it begins buzzing as if to answer her question. Blossom flies over and picks up.
Buttercup says: "Is he pulling our leg again?"
Blossom says: "No."
Blossom says: "This time it's serious."
Blossom says: "It's..."
Blossom says: ""Him"!"
Bubbles says: "You mean the evilest of evil?"
Buttercup says: "The cruelest of cruel?"
Blossom says: "The Mayor wouldn't joke about this one."
Blossom says: "Come on!"
Blossom says: "Let's go!"
In the office, the hotline is hung up and the Gang laughs over their latest coup. Cut to a close-up of a TV screen, on which an aerobics instructor leads a workout.
Instructor says: "Here we go, ladies!"
Instructor says: "And squat..."
Instructor says: "and up..."
Instructor says: "and squat..."
Instructor says: "and up."
On the end of this, the camera pulls back and turns around to show "Him," dressed in a zip-up sweatshirt, gym shorts, and leg warmers. Cut to behind the TV set; he exercises his way across the screen as the program continues.
Instructor says: "And squat..."
Instructor says: "and up."
Instructor says: "Okay, legs up, two, three..."
Instructor says: "arms out..."
Instructor says: "and reach..."
The girls crash in through the ceiling and brace for a fight; pull back as their expressions change to disbelief. "Him" is in the foreground, lying on his back and doing bicycle kicks.
Instructor says: "Kick your legs all the way around..."
"Him" says: "What a pleasant surprise!"
"Him" says: "Ooh, what's the occasion?"
Blossom says: "Uh..."
Blossom says: "we were wondering..."
"Him" says: "How I stay so fit?"
"Him" says: "Well, now you know."
Blossom says: "Uh, no, actually, did you do anything..."
Blossom says: "evil today?"
"Him" says: "Why do you ask?"
Blossom says: "No reason, just wondering."
Pull back; "Him" jogs around them as he speaks.
Blossom says: "So..."
Blossom says: "you haven't been..."
Blossom says: "Okay, I guess we'll see you later."
"Him" says: "I guess you will."
Blossom says: "Okay."
Blossom says: "Bye, then."
"Him" says: "Goodbye, girls."
"Him" says: "Come back soon."
Head-on view of him with his arms outstretched. He brings one claw back into view, holding a telephone receiver.
"Him" says: "Goodbye..."
Quick pan to Mojo, now sitting in a canvas beach chair in his lair. He is on the phone.
Mojo says: "All right, all right, Fuzzy, I heard you the first time..."
Mojo says: "I know."
"Him" says: "..."
"Him" says: ""Him."
The sound of this voice unsettles Mojo considerably.
Mojo says: "Yes, sir!"
Mojo says: "What is it?"
"Him" says: "You won't believe what just happened!"
Mojo says: "The Powerpuff Girls just broke in unexpected?"
"Him" says: "What?!"
"Him" says: "!"
"Him" says: "How did you know?!"
"Him" says: "!"
Mojo says: "The same thing happened to me and Fuzzy Lumpkins."
Mojo says: "He's on the other line."
"Him" says: "Well, put him on!"
Mojo pushes a button on his phone, and the screen splits again to show Fuzzy, now dressed and back to his normal pink color from his earlier red enraged state at the Girls.
Fuzzy says: "Bushwhacked in my birthday suit!"
"Him" says: "This is an outrage!"
Mojo says: "You are right."
Mojo says: "We're all citizens."
Mojo says: "Evil citizens, but citizens nonetheless."
Fuzzy says: "Birthday suit!"
"Him" says: "We should complain!"
Mojo says: "But to who?"
Cut to the exterior of Townsville Hall. The phone begins to ring; inside, pan slowly across the office, now trashed, and stop on the Gang asleep on and around the couch. Close-up of Billy, the ringing phone right in front of his face. He wakes up and answers it.
Big Billy says: "Hello?"
"Him" says: "I demand to speak with the Mayor!"
Big Billy says: "Uh, he's not here right now."
Big Billy says: "Can I take a massage?"
Cut back and forth between "Him," phone in hand, and Big Billy.
"Him" says: "Do you know when he'll be back?!"
"Him" says: "!"
Big Billy says: "Uh..."
Big Billy says: "I don't know."
Big Billy says: "See, Grubber tricked the Mayor into leaving so we could break in and use the Powerpuff hotline to make crank calls."
"Him" says: "Huh?!"
"Him" says: "!"
"Him" says: "You don't say."
"Him" says: "Well, to whom might I be speaking?"
Big Billy says: "Uh, this is Billy."
"Him" says: "Billy who?"
Big Billy says: "Big Billy from the Gangreen Gang."
Big Billy says: "Who is this?"
Big Billy says: "Hello?"
Pull back to bring the rest of the Gang into view. An o.c. crash jolts them awake. Cut to the door, where Fuzzy, Mojo, and "Him" are now standing and looking very put out, ready for revenge. Mojo is holding a blaster.
'"Him"' says: "So..."
'"Him"' says: "you guys like to make crank calls!"
The three villains charge at the Gang and start ripping into them. "Him" blasts everyone except Ace with beams from his eyes, then extends one arm towards the leader. Ace is picked up by the throat and slammed into the ground; this action is shown three times. Fuzzy tosses Lil' Arturo into the air and hits him as if delivering a volleyball serve. The midget flies across the room to Mojo, who swings Snake like a baseball bat and knocks him back. Arturo slams into the gut of Big Billy, who is being held by Fuzzy. The flood of abuse that follows includes "Him" slamming a spike heel into Grubber's foot, causing him to yell in pain; when he opens his mouth, though, we hear an alarm bell instead. The beating continues as the Mayor returns to his office. He does not immediately notice the chaos around him. The camera follows him across the room.
Mayor says: "Oh, my!"
Animation goof says: "It is clearly daytime in Townville while it is nighttime at the Powerpuff Residence."
The battle royal has moved to the center of the office, right in front of his desk. He tiptoes past and reaches to the hotline. Cut to the girls' bedroom at night; they are asleep. The buzzer wakes them, and Blossom answers the call.
Blossom says: "Hello?"
The fight can be heard over the line.
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Mayor says: "You're not gonna believe this!"
Mayor says: "The Gangreen Gang, Mojo Jojo, Fuzzy Lumpkins, and "Him" are fighting right here in my office!"
Blossom says: "Yeah, right, Mayor."
Blossom says: "Very funny."
Cut to the bed as she tucks herself back in. The hotline begins to buzz again, waking them. They glare o.c. in its direction, and Buttercup fires a blast from her eye lasers toward it. Pull back; the hotline has been reduced to ashes, and the girls settle down again.
Girls says: "Good night, Professor!"
(Pan across the room to the door. Through it; we see the Professor standing in the hall says: "still with the phone in his hand and the frozen smile on his face."
(Pan across the room to the door. Through it; we see the Professor standing in the hall says: "We hear the dial tone yet again."
(Pan across the room to the door. Through it; we see the Professor standing in the hall says: ")"
The background for the end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved..."
From left to right, Mojo, "Him," and Fuzzy appear, looking tough.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "thanks to Mojo..."
Narrator says: "Fuzzy..."
Narrator says: "and "Him"?"
The background music falls apart as quickly as his composure.