The sound of a weapon firing is heard, and a crash shakes the camera. Turn quickly down to the street.
Narrator says: "…is under attack by Mojo Jojo!"
A car parked at the curb is blasted by a beam from o.c., and Mojo leaps into view, carrying an oversized laser cannon and laughing evilly. He destroys a bus as people run screaming away from it, then takes down a building and a statue of the Mayor on horseback. Next, he targets a row of buildings and wipes them out one by one. When the dust clears, we see the girls in flight.
Narrator says: "Go, Girls!"
Narrator says: ", Go!"
On the ground, Mojo laughs evilly and prepares to fire again, but his aim is thrown off when the girls buzz by him. He shoots after them. They dodge the blasts, but a near miss for Blossom angers her, and she returns fire with her eye lasers, reducing the cannon to molten sludge in his hands as he stares in disbelief. Before he can recover from the shock of being disarmed so quickly, Buttercup nails him a good one.
Mojo says: "Curse you—"
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "Girls!"
Blossom delivers the finishing blow, and the screen flashes white. When it clears, Mojo is handcuffed and photographed for his mug shot. His fingerprints are taken, and he is thrown into his prison cell. Now he is dressed in convict stripes. Through all this, his face is frozen in a silent scream. He rushes back to the door just before it is slammed shut and stands there, holding the bars and gibbering angrily.
A flash of white, after which we see the skyline in the early evening.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville is under attack!"
(Pull back quickly to show the upper section of Mojo’s observatory says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
now airborne says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
firing a laser beam from an emitter mounted on its bottom. Smoke rises from the area he has already destroyed. Inside says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
he works the controls says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
laughs evilly. Fighter jets roar across the sky says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
ground-based missile launchers lock into firing position says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
tanks roll through the streets. The flying observatory takes note of these threats—we can see Mojo’s eye magnified in the lens of the telescope—and the heavy artillery is brought in says: "missiles from the jets and launchers, shells from the tanks."
(Pull back quickly to show the upper section of Mojo’s observatory says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
now airborne says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
firing a laser beam from an emitter mounted on its bottom. Smoke rises from the area he has already destroyed. Inside says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
he works the controls says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
laughs evilly. Fighter jets roar across the sky says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
ground-based missile launchers lock into firing position says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
tanks roll through the streets. The flying observatory takes note of these threats—we can see Mojo’s eye magnified in the lens of the telescope—and the heavy artillery is brought in says: "He easily blows these out of the sky and lets out an evil laugh within, celebrating his triumph, but the familiar sound of something flying in and a flash across his display causes him to stop and look nervously at it."
(Pull back quickly to show the upper section of Mojo’s observatory says: ")"
now airborne says: ")"
firing a laser beam from an emitter mounted on its bottom. Smoke rises from the area he has already destroyed. Inside says: ")"
he works the controls says: ")"
laughs evilly. Fighter jets roar across the sky says: ")"
ground-based missile launchers lock into firing position says: ")"
tanks roll through the streets. The flying observatory takes note of these threats—we can see Mojo’s eye magnified in the lens of the telescope—and the heavy artillery is brought in says: ")"
Outside, the image of his eye darts about uneasily. Bubbles flies in and does a large semicircle around Mojo’s craft, which rotates to keep the telescope on her, just for Buttercup to arrive on the scene and to hit the end of it, knocking it off balance, and Blossom grabs hold of the emitter. She swings the entire vessel around herself several times as if preparing for a hammer throw, then lets it fly into outer space. Inside, Mojo shakes his fists in defeat.
Mojo says: "Curse you, Powerpuff Girls!"
The screen flashes white. When it clears, he is once again cuffed, photographed, fingerprinted, and thrown into his prison cell. This time, once he's upright again, his teeth are clenched in anger.
Cut to the city skyline, with something very large visible behind it.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville is under attack!"
Camera turns up to show Mojo at the controls of a large robot with a glass dome for a head. It has long, flexible arms and huge hands. He pushes and kicks several buildings to the ground, attacks a car and a ship, then punches another building into rubble. As before, he laughs evilly at the destruction he has caused, but the sight of the girls flying past him cuts him off and forces him to turn his attention to them again. Blossom dodges a swat and throws a punch at the dome, cracking it. On the ground, Bubbles and Buttercup rip up two telephone poles near the robot’s feet to pull the lines taut. Now Blossom flies up behind the machine and pushes, causing it to stumble over the makeshift tripwire. It crashes to the ground, and the force of the impact propels Mojo through the weak spot in the dome. He rolls to a stop on the pavement.
Head-on view of the girls.
Buttercup says: "Give it up, Mo-joke!"
Bubbles says: "You will never defeat us."
Bubbles says: "So there!"
Blossom says: "The Powerpuff Girls never lose!"
The screen flashes white and again Mojo is cuffed, photographed, fingerprinted, and thrown into his prison cell. His expression is now one of sullen rage. When he lands in his cell, he does so headfirst. After a moment, once the cell door is slammed shut, he tumbles onto his side. The camera slowly zooms in on his face and rotates to frame him right side up. His eyes go red with fury, and after a few seconds, he snaps. His entire face reddens, and he screeches at the top of his lungs like a wild monkey. First, he pounds and stomps on the floor, then he starts to jump crazily back and forth. Grabbing a tire swing hanging from the ceiling, he batters it with his feet for a while. After he jumps off, he runs to the bars and hangs on to them, still screaming. Zoom in slowly on his open mouth.
When the points of his teeth are all we can see, the screen goes black and the racket cuts off. There is a long silence, after which the scene fades into Mojo, hunched in a corner of his cell under the glare of a single light. When he speaks, his voice echoes softly in the silence of the prison.
Mojo says: "Curse those accursed Powerpuff Girls."
Mojo says: "They always defeat my plans!"
Cut to the exterior of the girls’ house in the afternoon.
Narrator says: "The Powerpuff Girls’ house!"
The hotline is heard buzzing. Inside, Bubbles answers it.
Bubbles says: "Hello?"
(Split-screen view says: "Bubbles in the top left, Mojo on the prison phone in the bottom right."
(Split-screen view says: ")"
Mojo says: "Hello—"
Mojo says: "uh, may I speak to Professor Utonium?"
Bubbles says: "Who shall I say is calling?"
Mojo says: "Oh, no one he’d know, just a curious stranger."
Bubbles says: "PROFESSOR!"
Bubbles says: "THERE’S A STRANGER ON THE PHONE!"
She puts the receiver on the table and walks o.c. The Professor takes her place a moment later. Through this, Mojo looks very uneasy—as if he fears his cover will be blown.
Professor says: "Hello, Mr."
Professor says: "Stranger."
Professor says: "What can I do for you?"
Mojo says: "Oh."
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "what exactly are those little girls made of?"
Professor says: "Aha—"
Professor says: "oh, well, the Powerpuff Girls."
Professor says: "Well, let’s see now."
Professor says: "Eight cups of sugar, a pinch of spice—"
Professor says: "—"
Professor says: "one tablespoon of everything nice, and—"
Professor says: "now, this one’s important."
Professor says: "Accidentally add a drop of Chemical X."
Professor says: "And voila!"
Mojo says: "I mean—"
Mojo says: "wow, thanks."
Professor says: "I also have a great recipe for pound—"
Mojo hangs up the phone, cutting the Professor off mid-sentence. His half of the screen expands to fill all of it. We hear the clanking of weights and exercise equipment in the background.
[Note says: "A few comments are in order concerning this scene."
[Note says: "First, nearly all emergency hotlines of this sort, such as the one that connects the White House in Washington D."
[Note says: "C."
[Note says: "and the Kremlin in Moscow, are designed to be closed to exterior callers."
[Note says: "That is, the only way to call one of the two phones is to physically be near the other one."
[Note says: "Also, prison inmates can only make collect calls, and when someone receives such a call, they first hear a message stating where it is coming from."
Mojo says: "Sugar and spice and everything nice?"
Mojo says: "That’s too girlish."
Mojo says: "I need something tougher."
Mojo says: "Harder."
Mojo says: "More manly."
Pull back from the phone to show the rest of the exercise room. Prisoners are lifting weights, doing sit-ups, arm-wrestling, and boxing.
Mojo says: "What are little boys made of?"
Close-up of one inmate doing bench-presses. Mojo sneaks up to him and takes clippings of the hair under his arms. Cut to the cafeteria lunch counter. A cook is ladling slop onto someone’s lunch tray. Mojo is next in line.
Mojo says: "I’ll have the escargots, please."
Mojo says: "Thank you."
Cut to the Talking Dog, wearing a guard’s hat and with a silver star on his collar—he is patrolling the cell block. He stops for a moment to scratch, then looks behind himself as if expecting to catch a pursuer there. Seeing nothing, he continues his rounds and walks o.c. left. Mojo’s hand shoots out from between the bars and reaches after him. A ripping sound is heard, and the hand pulls back into the cell with the tail in its grip. Pan to the dog, now with a ragged patch where his tail was.
Talking Dog says: "Ouch."
Close-up of Mojo’s cupped hands, the camera pointing down into them—his perspective. We see the hair clippings, the snails from his meal, and the Talking Dog’s tail.
Mojo says: "Let’s see now."
Mojo says: "Snips and snails and a puppy dog tail."
Mojo says: "All that leaves is—"
His perspective, looking across the cell. As he speaks, pan slowly to the bed and back.
Mojo says: "Chemical X!"
Mojo says: "There’s gotta be something around here with that potency."
Mojo says: "Hmm—"
Stop on the cell’s toilet, glowing and emitting fumes.
Mojo says: "Aha!"
Following a dramatic cue in the music as the camera zooms in on the toilet several times during it, we see him run up and embrace the bowl, then breathe in the vapors.
Mojo says: "Yes."
Mojo says: "—"
Mojo says: "X!"
He has expelled a small black cloud with an X made of two crossed bones in its center. This evaporates after a second, and he crosses his arms in front of himself to make another X as he smiles malevolently. Camera shifts to point out the cell window at the crescent moon—Mojo’s perspective again.
Mojo says: "Ahh—"
Mojo says: "the moon is in proper alignment."
His view of the toilet, with candles set up around it and a skull visible in the cloud of vapor, almost like a shrine as he prepares to perform a ritual.
Mojo says: "The caldron awaits."
Close-up of him.
Mojo says: "And the ingredients are ripe."
Mojo says: "Let the seeds of evil bear fruit!"
He opens his hands, letting the items fall into the bowl, and flushes them away. Now he looks down after them with a worried, expectant expression. The gurgling of water in the pipes dies away, and an eerie hush falls over the scene as he watches the toilet, waiting to see if anything happens. After a long silence, it begins to shake and rattle, throwing off small spurts of water. Mojo smiles evilly as things begin to come together.
Mojo says: "Yes—"
Mojo says: "Yes—"
Mojo says: "Yes!"
The toilet continues its jitters. Finally, it erupts like a geyser and sends a jet of brownish-gray water up to the ceiling. Mojo tries to protect himself but to no avail. The geyser turns into a flood that sweeps him toward the front of his cell. The torrent gushes into the exercise room, and for a moment the screen is entirely submerged. The outline of Mojo’s outstretched form becomes visible, and as the water drains away, we see him plastered against the bars. He collapses to the floor, gasping for breath, but has only a moment to collect himself. Three shadows loom over him, and he looks up in surprise.
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "three small boys in black pants and sneakers."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "Each also wears a sweatshirt with a black stripe."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "The rest of the shirt is a single different color."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "The boy in the center has short red-orange hair with a center part and another one to each side, much like Blossom’s hairline, and a red shirt and eyes."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "He also wears a red baseball cap turned backward."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "The boy to his right, our left, has short blond hair parted in the middle, after Bubbles’ style, and a dark blue shirt and eyes."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "The boy on the far right has short black hair parted similar to Buttercup’s, with a cowlick standing up in the back, and a dark green shirt and eyes."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "Like the Powerpuff Girls, they have very large heads and eyes, and no visible ears, noses, or fingers."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: "They appear to be ready for a fight or other trouble or mischief they have on their minds."
(Camera turns around to show the source of the shadows says: ")"
Mojo, on the other hand, is ecstatic. He scoops the boys up in an embrace as he sees his plan for ultimate revenge on the Powerpuff Girls has succeeded.
Mojo says: "Ah, my children!"
The red-clad boy socks him and hauls him up to the ceiling.
Red boy says: "Hands off!"
Red boy says: "Who do you think you are anyway, Paps?!"
Red boy says: "!"
Mojo says: "Why, yes, I am your FATHER!!"
Mojo's shout at the end of his sentence sends the boy to the ground next to the other two. The camera follows him.
Mojo says: "CHILDREN!!"
Blue boy says: "Hey!"
Blue boy says: "We ain’t no babies!"
Boys says: "We’re the Rowdyruff Boys!"
Boomer says: "Boomer!"
Brick says: "Brick!"
Butch says: "Butch!"
Brick says: "We’re here to kick some butt!"
Brick says: "And since yours is the only one around, we’re gonna start with you!"
Back and forth between Mojo and the boys.
Mojo says: "Oh, no, no, boys."
Mojo says: "You don’t want to kick my butt."
Mojo says: "My butt is as rotten as yours."
Mojo says: "What you want are butts settled on the throne of justice."
Boys says: "Yeah!"
Mojo says: "Butts planted in the soil of nobility!"
Boys says: "Yeah!"
[Animation goofs says: "Butch’s mouth does not move, and the shots of Mojo show the boys in different positions from the shots that show them."
Mojo says: "Butts nestled between the pillars of peace and love!"
Mojo says: "The butts you want to kick are the butts of—"
Mojo says: "the Powerpuff Girls!"
Boys says: "Let’s get ’em!"
Mojo says: "I’d be glad to take you to them if we only had a way out of heeeeeeee—"
While he says this last, Brick picks him up, and Boomer and Butch punch a hole in the ceiling, essentially busting Mojo out of jail easily. They fly out of sight, the camera pointing up after them.
Narrator says: "Boy, oh, boy!"
Narrator says: "Those boys are b-b-bad to the bone!"
Snap to black.
Part Two.