Opening shot of the City of Townsville.
Narrator says: "The City of Townsville!"
Mayor says: "Oh, the likeness is uncanny!"
Blossom says: "The likeness is uncanny!"
Buttercup says: "It's about time the Mayor filled that giant pothole."
Bubbles says: "I think it's nice that the Mayor is keeping Townsville nice."
Buttercup says: "Filling potholes is his job, Bubbles."
Buttercup says: "Being nice has nothing to do with it."
Bubbles says: "I don't care, he's still nice."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles?"
Blossom says: "You're..."
Blossom says: "buzzing."
Bubbles says: "I'm what?"
Professor says: "Wake up, Bubbles."
Professor says: "Come on, Bubbles, open your eyes."
Professor says: "There she is."
Professor says: "There's our Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Gee, Bubbles, getting stung in the throat by that bee must have really hurt."
Professor says: "Ah ah ah."
Professor says: "The doctor said no speaking for a week."
Professor says: "The less you speak, the sooner you can get out of that, um..."
Professor says: "That, er..."
Buttercup says: "Face brace?"
Professor says: "Now, now, girls."
Professor says: "It's not nice to make fun of your sister's condition."
Professor says: "It's not her fault that she's stuck wearing this..."
Professor says: "this um..."
Buttercup says: "Throat moat?"
Blossom says: "Don't worry, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Look, you can use this chalkboard."
Blossom says: "If you have something to tell us, just write it down."
The scene fades to a view of the moon on the night sky. The camera pans down to the Mayor fountain in the Townsville Park. A squirrel bounces on screen and starts scratching at the bottom of the statue. This carries on a while before two more join it, then another two, three, four, five, they just keep coming! They cover the fountain, trying feverishly to get underneath it, even if it means going through. We zoom in on two squirrels, still digging, then cut to a view of a bush, one squirrel leaning out and addressing another, waist-deep in a hole. Another by what appears to be the base of a tree, calling out to the squirrel community, possibly chirping out orders. Two more squirrels jump into view, including one layered behind a tree it's almost the same size as. They continue to scratch at the fountain face, chirping incessantly, and keep coming until the marble is hidden completely under squirrel bodies.
Cut to a view of an alarm clock. A purple-sleeved hand comes into view as the clock rings, switching it off. It is then revealed to us that this arm belongs to the Mayor, who yawns and stretches as he prepares himself for the day ahead. He walks down a hall, scratching himself before reaching a bathroom. We see a mirror over a golden tap and hear the Mayor's approach. A nearby window shows it is still dark out as the Mayor reaches into view and turns the tap on. After a few splashes, the water is turned back off and he grabs a towel off a wall-mounted rack. He then lifts his head into view so he can look into the mirror. Beside his hat, sits a squirrel, looking rather unfazed by the unusual morning. Snap to show the whole bathroom, white plumbing, off-white paneling with a high stool the Mayor stands on and orange curtains. On every available surface sits a few squirrels, looking over expectantly. They chatter at him, possibly trying to tell him something.
Snap to outside. A man runs past, screaming with an angry squirrel atop his head. It is now daytime. He grabs the squirrel and throws it away from himself, only for another to leap at him and bite down on the back of his head. The camera now shows a candy shop exterior with more screaming people running around, being attacked by squirrels, and yet more squirrels running around in an equal panic. A woman has shut herself inside a phone box. Squirrels throw themselves at the booth windows, causing the woman to scream. More squirrels are digging holes in walls or biting into street lamps, causing general destruction. All in all, Townsville is in chaos.
Town Hall Int., the Mayor sits at his desk, surrounded by squirrels looking at him and chattering away. The scene snaps to a shot of the hotline as it buzzes. Bubbles picks it up.
Mayor says: "Hello, Powerpuff Girls?"
Mayor says: "Are you there?"
Blossom says: "Was it important, Bubbles?"
Buttercup says: "Well?"
Buttercup says: "Who was it?"
Buttercup says: "You're not supposed to talk."
Blossom says: "Don't mind her, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Just write down exactly what happened."
Bubbles does so as her sisters look on in suspense. As time goes on, they become less tense, just watching dully. Blossom starts to whistle as Buttercup starts to lose her temper.
Blossom says: "Okay, okay, not exactly!"
Blossom says: "Just the facts!"
Blossom says: "Who could have done this?"
A man runs around a corner and towards the camera.
Man says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Man says: "Squirrels!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Townsville's been overrun by mad squirrels!"
Buttercup says: "But where's the Mayor?"
Mayor says: "Psst, hey, Powerpuff Girls!"
Mayor says: "Up here!"
Mayor says: "Eh, without you, I don't know what Townsville would do."
Buttercup says: "Oh, this is just great!"
Buttercup says: "I can't believe this!"
Buttercup says: "The one time we need to use Bubbles' only special power and she can't even do it!"
Buttercup says: "Oh perfect."
Buttercup says: "Now where'd she go?"
Cut to a view of the sun, and pan down to the forest. A beaver bearing a strong resemblance to Townsville's mayor gnaws on a log until it realizes there is someone nearby. Pan right to show a triumphant-looking Bubbles. To her disgust, the beaver laughs at her condition before communicating with her. We assume he's asking her what the problem is. She scrawls on the board before showing the beaver a picture of an angry squirrel in the city. Panicking, the Mayor beaver goes to a nearby firefly and babbles to it. The firefly then flies off to a window, frame made of sticks, and pauses by a brown hand on a wooden armchair. The back end of the firefly begins to flash red, making a sound similar to that of the Powerpuff hotline and the hand digs at the armchair in frustration.
Bubbles is now seen flying over the forest, joined shortly by Bullet. Bullet lands by one of the angry squirrels and they have a brief conversation. Meanwhile, Blossom and Buttercup try and keep the window boards in place to prevent the squirrels from taking over.
Buttercup says: "Blossom, I can't hold off these squirrels much longer!"
Thankfully, their salvation arrives at that moment in the form of Bubbles and Bullet crashing through the roof.
Blossom says: "It's Bubbles!"
Buttercup says: "And, and..."
Buttercup says: "a squirrel?"
Blossom says: "Get him!"
Buttercup says: "Get out of the way, Bubbles!"
Blossom says: "Wait a minute!"
Blossom says: "That's not just a squirrel, that's Bullet!"
Buttercup says: "Well, Bubbles?"
Blossom says: "What did he say?"
The scene changes with a chalk-led wipe.
Blossom says: "Mount Rushmore!"
Mayor says: "Colonel Sanders!"
Cut to Bubbles stood beside a chalk drawing of the Mayor's fountain.
Buttercup says: "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I know, a PEZ dispenser!"
Mayor says: "You better hurry, there's not much time!"
Blossom says: "Oh, wait, I think that's the Mayor!"
Mayor says: "Oh right!"
Mayor says: "See the squirrels are all mad at me."
Focus changes to the bottom half of the drawing, where a pocket of circles with lines through them reside below the fountain.
Blossom says: "Marbles!"
Mayor says: "I don't play marbles."
Blossom says: "What about gumballs?"
Mayor says: "Hm, I like gumballs."
Buttercup says: "They're not gumballs!"
Blossom says: "Bombs?"
Mayor says: "Or rocks."
Buttercup says: "I agree with Blossom."
Blossom says: "There's nothing dangerous about rocks, Mayor."
Blossom says: "Okay, Bubbles, we'll go with bombs."
Blossom says: "The Mayor is sitting on bombs."
Cut to the drawing. Bubbles and Bullet are yet again gone.
Buttercup says: "Where'd they go?"
Outside. Bubbles and Bullet flying through the air. They charge towards the fountain, causing the squirrels to scatter. Bullet's flight stream appears pink here instead of orange. They start to destroy the fountain. The squirrels begin rejoicing before pouring into the hole, emerging shortly after with acorns. Blossom, Buttercup and the Mayor watch from the window.
Buttercup says: "Oh, I get it, the squirrels were storing their nuts in that pothole under the Mayor's statue!"
Mayor says: "Does that mean I'm not sitting on any bombs?"
Blossom offers no response. The scene changes with a wipe of acorns, to a crowd of people and squirrels, gathered around the Mayor and Bubbles. The Mayor holds a rope connected to a cloth covering a log with a doorway-shaped hole at the bottom. Bubbles no longer has her neck brace.
Mayor says: "So I, the Mayor  Who, feeling bad for teasing Bubbles, have volunteered to clean up the mess from the last statue."
Buttercup says: "Well, at least it's not raining."
Immediately, it starts pouring with rain, soaking the two unamused sisters to the bone. The scene fades to the average ending screen, but only Bubbles appears, quickly overlaid by the chalkboard with the drawing of an angry squirrel,.
Narrator says: "And so, Townsville is safe from squirrels once again, thanks to Bubbles and..."
Narrator says: "and..."
Narrator says: "uh..."
Narrator says: "a bowling ball!"
Narrator says: "No, uh, Bunny, a Q-tip!"
Narrator says: "Cheese!"
Narrator says: "Boogers?"
Narrator says: "Uh..."
Narrator says: "uh..."
The End.