Theme Song.
The episode starts with an unknown person holding a camera in a sewer hole as Buttercup and Maylyn skate in front of the camera which is on record.
Maylyn says: "Keep up, bonehead."
Maylyn says: "I don't want to be late for the Death Ball State of Smash Address."
The unknown person with the camera floats over, as Buttercup and Maylyn skate inside the center of the sewer which is filled with other Death Ball teams in there cheering.
The unknown person with the camera is actually Blossom.
Blossom says: "Whoa!"
Blossom says: "I've never seen so many people in a sewer before."
Maylyn says: "We always meet in the sewer."
Maylyn says: "It's Death Ball tradition."
Buttercup says: "There are the Bob KIttens, a-and the Bumblebees."
Buttercup says: "Oh, oh, and the Lazy Susans."
Blossom says: "Buttercup!"
Blossom says: "Oops."
Blossom says: "I'm sorry."
Tess says: "Oh, you will be, Plunkytantes."
Maylyn says: "Forgot to check your ball in, Tess?"
Maylyn says: "Way to go."
Maylyn says: "You almost got your butt handed to you by the Grease Monkeys."
Blossom says: "Um, I think I can handle a few dodgeballs."
Maylyn says: "Death Balls!"
Maylyn says: "And if you get hit with one of those here, you're out."
Maylyn says: "FOREVER!"
Blossom says: "So you can't play Death Ball ever again?"
Blossom says: "That's a stupid rule."
Maylyn says: "There are no stupid rules."
Maylyn says: "IT'S DEATH BALL!"
Blossom says: "I'm gonna get a better shot."
Blossom says: "Who knew Death Ball had so much production value?"
Buttercup says: "I heard Smashleen was gonna make some changes to the Death Ball rulebook."
Maylyn says: "No way."
Maylyn says: "Death Ball is perfect."
Maylyn says: "She'd never change anything."
Smashleen says: "We all know Death Ball is an  amazing game."
Smashleen says: "But I think it's time."
Smashleen says: "Time for a change."
Blossom says: "Wait a second."
Smashleen says: "And that big change will be..."
Blossom says: "HEY!"
Blossom says: "Hey, I saw you!"
Maylyn says: "What?"
Maylyn says: "She's lying!"
Death Ball Robot says: "Bow in to the judge!"
Bubbles says: "Okay."
Bubbles says: "Who's the judge?"
Maylyn says: "Bobbysuzyraelyn!"
Maylyn says: "Get ready to fight!"
Blossom says: "Get ready to run!"
Maylyn says: "Way to go."
Maylyn says: "In Death Ball culture, we just did the worst thing you can do: run away."
Blossom says: "Are you kidding me?"
Blossom says: "I just saved you."
Maylyn says: "Psh."
Maylyn says: "Whatever."
Blossom says: "Look, we're innocent."
Blossom says: "The Grease Monkeys attacked Smashleen and I got it all on tape."
Maylyn says: "Nice."
Maylyn says: "Guess nerds are useful."
Blossom says: "Let's show them the tape and prove our innocence."
Blossom says: "We just need a VCR player."
Bubbles says: "I know."
Bubbles says: "The Mayor has one of those fancy doodads."
We see that there is a movie screen outside of City Hall that the Mayor and Barry are going to be watching a movie.
Mayor says: "Welcome to Pickle Flicks Movie Night."
Barry says: "Sweet!"
Mayor says: "No, no, no, Barry."
Mayor says: "It's dill."
Back to the Derbytantes.
Jaylyn says: "Dude, City Hall is all the way across town."
Jaylyn says: "We'll have to skate through enemy Death Ball territory."
Haylyn says: "And without any Death Balls, we're sitting ducks."
Blossom says: "No problem."
Blossom says: "We'll just fly and be there in a jiffy."
Maylyn says: "No."
Maylyn says: "That's not the Death Ball way."
Maylyn says: "Derbytantes don't fly, we spit."
Maylyn says: "Let's roll ladies."
Maylyn says: "This is Kimono Dragon Territory."
Maylyn says: "Stay sharp."
As Blossom floats in with the Derbytantes, who skate in, their shadows showing in the dark place and skate underneath the lights. They continue to skate in as a Kimono Dragon player's shadow appears.
Maylyn says: "Take cover!"
Kimono Dragons Leader says: "For Smashleen's honor."
Buttercup says: "Bubbles, I'll set and you spike!"
Bubbles says: "Touchdown."
Back at the outside of the City Hall.
Pickle Maker says: "Now that's the biggest pickle I've ever seen."
Mayor says: "That is the biggest pickle I've ever seen."
At the Cheezey West Diner where the Dineettes Death Ball team are.
3rd Dinette says: "The Derbytantes come to hear that taters of tots."
1st Dinette says: "Yeah."
All Dinettes says: "For Smashleen!"
Maylyn says: "This is gonna get ugly."
Blossom says: "Can't we just go talk to them?"
Blossom says: "Or is that not the Death Ball way?"
Maylyn says: "Sure."
Maylyn says: "You want to talk to the Dinettes?"
Maylyn says: "Go ahead."
Blossom says: "Fine."
Blossom says: "I will."
Blossom says: "Excuse me."
Blossom says: "Hi."
Blossom says: "Hey."
Blossom says: "I come in peace."
Blossom says: "My name is Blossom and and I'm with the Derbytantes and I..."
Maylyn says: "Now!"
1st Dinette says: "Order up, ladies!"
Blossom says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles says: "Cold."
Bubbles says: "I am so cold."
Blossom says: "Why don't you just zip up your jacket?"
Bubbles says: "Oh, yeah!"
A Dinette says: "Time for seconds!"
Maylyn says: "Regroup!"
Buttercup says: "Bloss, Maylyn, get to City Hall!"
Buttercup says: "i'll hold them off!"
Maylyn says: "Butlyn, we're not leaving you."
Buttercup says: "Don't worry, old friend."
Buttercup says: "We'll meet again."
Buttercup says: "In a better place."
Blossom says: "Aren't we all going bowling tomorrow?"
Back at City Hall.
Agent says: "Oh, be careful, Jinx."
Maylyn says: "All right, the coast is clear."
Blossom says: "Now all we have to do is get the tape to the VCR and prove our innocence."
Tes says: "Derbytantes, come out and play-ay!"
Mayor says: "I don't remember this part, but I like it!"
Blossom says: "No!"
Blossom says: "If you fight Tess, there's no way you're gonna make it out of there."
Blossom says: "Who cares about the Death Ball way?"
Maylyn says: "I care!"
Maylyn says: "It may be weird, it may be dumb."
Maylyn says: "But the Death Ball way is my way."
Maylyn says: "We gotta believe in something and this is it for me."
All Death Ball Teams says: "Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball!"
Tess says: "I didn't think you had the guts."
Maylyn says: "We can talk all night or are we gonna dance?"
Tess says: "Draw!"
Tess says: "Do it!"
Tess says: "Death Ball rules mean no mercy!"
Tess says: "It's the Death Ball way."
Maylyn says: "Hear me, Death Ball sisters."
Maylyn says: "Death Ball is great, but at what cost?"
Maylyn says: "We've lost too many friends, too much juice has been spilt."
Maylyn says: "We can change the rules without changing who we are."
Tess says: "Don't listen to her!"
Tess says: "She's just saying that because she took out Smashleen."
Blossom says: "That's a lie!"
Tess says: "Huh?"
Blossom says: "And I'll prove it!"
Bobby Kittens Player says: "It was Tess!"
Kimono Dragons Player says: "She took out Smashleen!"
All the others gasp.
Death Ball Robot says: "Case closed."
Maylyn says: "Listen up, Death Ballers!"
Maylyn says: "I hereby declare a new rule!"
Maylyn says: "Ouncies are no longer permanent."
Maylyn says: "You can now undo ouncies if you tapsies twicies!"
Maylyn says: "."
Maylyn says: "Who's with me?"
Mayor says: "This is the best movie ever!"
Back in the sewer.
Smashleen says: "Now, people, tapsie twicies."
Smashleen says: "I'd like to thank the Derbytantes  Wash your jerseys, people."
Smashleen says: "It smells worse than a sewer in here and we're actually in the sewer!"
Blossom says: "YAY!"
Blossom says: "See?"
Blossom says: "Change can be good?"
Episode ends.