Narrator says: "The city of Townsville!"
Turn down quickly to the bank. After a second or two, the building explodes and the alarm screams out. Three silhouettes appear within the clouds of smoke and run toward the camera.
Narrator says: "Where boys will be boys."
The figures resolve into a trio of cash-carrying robbers. One is tall and thin, with black hair tied in a ponytail; another is very muscular; and the third is short. The arrival of Blossom freezes them in their tracks; she is very close to the camera, her back to us. Cut to her, with her sisters flanking.
Narrator says: "And girls will be girls!"
They explode into action. Blossom dispatches the tall one, Buttercup the muscle man, Bubbles the shrimp. From here, cut to a paddy wagon whose back doors are held open by two cops.
The robbers sail into view and land in the wagon; the cops close the doors, and the vehicle speeds off without them. Cut to a frightened, screaming crowd and pull back to show them gathered at the base of the volcano on which Mojo Jojo’s observatory stands. A large weapon, attached where the telescope would normally be, points down at them.
During the previous words, the following things happen.  One, the weapon rotates to point straight out and is then crushed to scrap by the arriving girls. Two, Mojo is seen at a control panel inside; it flashes a warning and Blossom smashes in through it. Three, Bubbles socks him in midair and the camera cuts to outside to follow his trajectory. Four, Buttercup spikes him like a volleyball. Cut to a jail cell as he crashes into it.
Narrator says: "…massacre Mojo!"
Close-up of Princess Morebucks, fully suited up and with her jet thrusters going full throttle. She is holding up something large; pull back to show her carrying an armored car as she flies.
Narrator says: "Pummel Princess!"
Blossom arrives on the scene and flies around her in a tight circle. When all is said and done, the little criminal is tied up and being held in one hand by her captor, who has the vehicle in her other. Cheers. Cut to a screaming old woman, then pull back to show the Gangreen Gang menacing her. They are in a back alley.
Narrator says: "Grapple with the Gangreen Gang!"
(Buttercup’s shadow throws itself over the entire group. All but the woman is visibly unnerved by her arrival. She charges from the mouth of the alley; cut to the woman says: "the hoodlums are taking a pounding from all angles."
who has backed up against a wall. The shadows tell the story says: "the hoodlums are taking a pounding from all angles."
(Buttercup’s shadow throws itself over the entire group. All but the woman is visibly unnerved by her arrival. She charges from the mouth of the alley; cut to the woman says: ")"
who has backed up against a wall. The shadows tell the story says: ")"
Old Woman says: "Yahoo!"
Old Woman says: "Go, Powerpuff Girls!"
Old Woman says: "Whoo!"
Cut to Fuzzy Lumpkins’ shack in the woods. He runs inside, a large sack over his shoulder; cut to him as he empties cash from it. He has apparently pulled a heist of his own.
Narrator says: "And infuriate Fuzzy!"
He discards the empty sack and starts throwing handfuls of cash into the air, but a knock at the door brings him up short. Cut to outside it; he opens and looks out bemusedly. A very polite-looking Bubbles is standing on the porch. She looks up at him and smiles for a couple of seconds—and then moves in without any warning. A flash of white fills the screen and gives way to static. Pull back from this to show it on the screen of an upside-down TV set that is floating in midair. A couple of slabs of rock float in the background, which shows a blurry clip of what could be a soldier on a battlefield and then gives way to a young girl. The individual watching the set is in an armchair, which is positioned so that we can only see one arm. However, the red pincer that rips up a wad of stuffing instantly gives “Him” away. These digs are quite different from his last ones. Voices murmur indistinctly from all sides.
On the next line, the chair slides away and the view wipes behind its trailing corner to show the back of the TV set; turn up from here to show “Him” wearing a most unpleasant expression. A bathroom and a farm float on midair islands behind him, with a train wreck as the backdrop.
Narrator says: "And in their day, these girls have even managed to humble…“Him."
(On TV says: "Buttercup is seen talking to a reporter."
with no audio says: "Buttercup is seen talking to a reporter."
Blossom knocks out the muscular bank robber. “Him” now looks even angrier; we can see a living room on a background rock says: "Buttercup is seen talking to a reporter."
a child eating watermelon as the backdrop. TV footage says: "Buttercup is seen talking to a reporter."
(On TV says: ")"
with no audio says: ")"
Blossom knocks out the muscular bank robber. “Him” now looks even angrier; we can see a living room on a background rock says: ")"
a child eating watermelon as the backdrop. TV footage says: ")"
Buttercup says: "Yeah, it was rough in the beginning, but I paced myself and just wore the monster down."
(The eyes of “Him” narrow even further; in the backdrop says: "Blossom and Bubbles."
car sails over a shack says: "Blossom and Bubbles."
crashes. TV footage says: "Blossom and Bubbles."
(The eyes of “Him” narrow even further; in the backdrop says: ")"
car sails over a shack says: ")"
crashes. TV footage says: ")"
Blossom says: "We were just glad to be of service."
Blossom says: "Good job, girls!"
Now “Him” looks ready to blow his top all the way to Denver as a geometric vector backdrop gives way to a couple of girls playing. He is obviously very angry. A baseball diamond and a marble fountain float past as he speaks, and the backdrop changes to show biplanes flying as well.
“Him” says: "“We were just glad to be of service."
“Him” says: "Good job, girls!"
“Him” says: "”  Blah!"
(Pull back to show the entire “estate” says: "fountain, ballpark, living room, bathroom, farm, kitchen—"
(Pull back to show the entire “estate” says: "not seen earlier—"
(Pull back to show the entire “estate” says: "and the TV area on the main central island."
(Pull back to show the entire “estate” says: "The backdrop changes to show other old film clips."
(Pull back to show the entire “estate” says: ")"
“Him” says: "They seem to be unbeatable."
Pull back across the TV area. Young children are in the backdrop, which quickly tiles itself with various clips of the girls in action. These float slowly past the edge of the rock.
“Him” says: "So much time, such little results."
After watching a few more clips, he waves one arm and the view clears to show a crashing plane in the backdrop. It changes to show what might be a piece of industrial machinery during the next line, and he floats toward the camera.
“Him” says: "There must be a way."
“Him” says: "There must be someone who can knock those brats down to size!"
He voices a frustrated groan and flops back into his chair.
“Him” says: "Oh, boy."
He directs a weary, bleary gaze out into space and toward his TV for a few seconds, after which the camera cuts to an extreme close-up of his eyes. They snap wide open, and he breaks into an ear-to-ear grin—whatever inspiration he was searching for has hit him full force. His eyebrows slowly lower as he begins to scheme.
“Him” says: "Oh, boy."
Close-up of the TV screen, which goes black as the set is switched off.
Fade into one part of the city skyline during the day. All is peaceful until a huge yellow monster with one eye and spiked club-like appendages for hands rears up and roars. It swings one arm and hurls those spikes; cut to Buttercup, who rises to meet them and then zips o.c. just before they reach her position. She runs straight along the side of a building as the projectiles hit behind her; when they start to hit too close, she jumps to another building and keeps running. Gradually the spikes hit closer and closer until she is lost beneath the glare of the explosions from their impact. She charges out of these straight toward the camera; cut to her perspective, approaching the fully open eye of one very shocked monster.
Pull back to show her barreling around a corner toward the beast. She grabs one arm and hurls the thing across the intersection, the camera panning to follow it until it slams into a building. Behind it are two other creatures, a crab and an octopus. They advance and are promptly knocked away by Blossom, who lands by Buttercup’s victim. Her own two lands on top of it.
Quick pan to a pair of large round creatures covered with pink fur. They are little more than giant heads on chicken legs, with long trunk-like noses. They spit wads of yellow phlegm that explode when they hit the street behind Bubbles. She takes to the air; as the two attackers watch in fear, she turns herself about so that she is approaching with her back to them. She lands behind them and puts her hands together to generate an energy field that blows them off their feet. Cut to the pile of previously beaten monsters, with Blossom and Buttercup looking at them from the corner. The two new victims arrive just before Bubbles does.
Blossom says: "Good job, girls!"
Buttercup says: "What now?"
Blossom says: "Get ready for anything, girls."
She looks down at the pavement. A moment later, it starts to shake and crack; it pulls back down the street as the girls retreat to a safe distance. Smoke and lightning pour up from the fissures, which grow until a sizable hole has opened. Through the haze, three tall outcroppings can be seen emerging; each has a small figure perched on it. Close-up of this lot—now the silhouettes are close enough to become very, very familiar. The smoke starts to clear, and the girls gasp in combined shock and recognition.
Extreme close-ups of the following. A foot clad in a black sneaker. A smirk above a pair of crossed arms and a torso clad in a blue sweatshirt with a black stripe—the outfit worn by Boomer, the blond member of the Rowdyruff Boys. Spiky black hair, with Buttercup’s part, above dark green eyes that can only belong to Butch—but he no longer has a cowlick. Red-eye and part of a red cap turned backward, with a bit of red-orange hair visible in the back—the signs of Brick. Half of Boomer’s face, with his hair grown out a bit longer and more raggedly cut than before. Pull back to show the entire set of outcroppings and zoom in. The boys have been resurrected, with their hair being the only altered feature. As the shot of Brick suggested, his hair is now quite long in the back, similar to Blossom’s ponytail, but very ragged at the ends. In front, it no longer sticks out from under the edge of his cap as it did in “The Rowdyruff Boys.”.
Close-up of Blossom and pan to each of her sisters in turn.
Blossom says: "The Rowdyruff Boys?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "But that’s impossible!"
Bubbles says: "We blew you guys up!"
Brick says: "Yeah?"
Brick says: "Well, you can’t stop a good thing, babe!"
The girls find this quite amusing and give voice to that opinion.
Brick says: "Stop laughing!"
Brick says: "What are you laughing at?"
Blossom says: "look who’s back with mean hair!"
Bubbles says: "Oh, whatever shall we do?"
Buttercup says: "How can we defeat their scary new hairdos?"
Cut to the boys. More laughter from o.c. as Boomer puts him arm and hand on his hair listening, Brick glares down, and Butch keeps flexing his knees.
Brick says: "SILENCE!"
Brick says: "You stupid wimpy lame-o girls talk too much!"
Blossom says: "Stupid?!"
Blossom says: "!"
Buttercup says: "Wimpy?!"
Buttercup says: "!"
Bubbles says: "Lame-o?!"
Bubbles says: "!"
Brick says: "You girls just got lucky last time."
Brick says: "This time there’s no way you’re gonna beat my boys!"
Butch says: "Butch!"
Boomer says: "Boomer!"
Brick says: "And me, Brick!"
[Animation goof says: "The mouths of Butch and Boomer do not move."
The mood is somewhat spoiled when Boomer starts trying to catch a fly buzzing around his head. Brick watches him for a few seconds before getting fed up.
Brick says: "Pay attention!"
Bubbles says: "Are you guys sure you’re ready for another beating?"
Boomer says: "You girls are gonna eat your words, spit ’em out, and eat ’em again!"
Blossom says: "That doesn’t even make sense."
Boomer says: "I know you are, but what am I?"
Buttercup says: "Enough!"
Buttercup says: "Talk is cheap."
Buttercup says: "Let’s do this!"
Butch says: "This is gonna be fun!"
Pull back to a long shot of the two groups, then cut from one to the other as they square for battle. Finally, the deadlock ends and all six take off, rising to face each other in midair. Blossom starts the attack with a blast from her eye lasers; Brick counters with his own. Pull back to a long shot of them, at opposite sides of the screen. Their beams cancel out in the center.
Bubbles creates a spark of lightning in one upraised hand, forms it into a large ball of energy, and let's fly. Boomer generates sparks from his joined hands and makes a baseball bat, which he pulls back over his shoulder for a swing. He hits her pitch and gets a line drive that does heavy damage to the right-field fence—which, in this case, happens to be a building.
Buttercup rises above the rooftops and backs up. She focuses herself and creates a blinding energy bolt that shoots toward the camera. Butch puts his hands together, and a force field forms around him to blunt her offensive. She stops firing, whereupon the girls regroup in midair.
Blossom says: "Come on, girls."
Blossom says: "We have to work together."
Blossom says: "We’re too evenly matched one on one."
Buttercup says: "Yeah!"
Buttercup says: "A little teamwork oughta whup those dorks into shape!"
They fly toward each other and join hands. Spinning in a tight circle, they are enveloped by light in their respective colors and then disappear into a sphere of crackling radiance. A beam emerges from this and flashes across the sky, the camera panning to follow. Cut to the boys, also in midair.
Brick says: "Come on, guys!"
Brick says: "We can’t let a bunch of dumb girls show us up!"
They pull off an identical maneuver. Pull back to show both beams canceling each other out. After a moment, there is an explosion and both groups are flung backward. They face off again.
Blossom says: "All right, girls."
Blossom says: "I think we know what we have to do."
Blossom says: "Let’s give ’em some sugar!"
Bubbles says: "Ooh, ooh!"
Bubbles says: "I want the blond!"
Bubbles says: "I think he’s cute!"
Buttercup says: "Man, you’re weird."
Blossom says: "Let’s go, girls!"
The boys stand fast; Butch twitches a bit due to overly high-strung nerves. Now the girls charge.
Brick says: "Here it comes, boys!"
The boys charge and the girls split up. Blossom moves in on Brick, who sidesteps at the last possible second to dodge her punch. She tries another blow, but he ducks and starts to back up. Approaching again, she tries several more strikes and hits nothing but air. Finally, she darts in and kisses him on the cheek, as she and her sisters did to the boys in “The Rowdyruff Boys.”.
Butch watches Buttercup fly low along the street and climb sharply to meet him. He blocks or avoids her strikes, but she finds an opening and plants a kiss on his cheek. Now Bubbles speeds toward Boomer, aims several blows at him with no success, and gives him a big hug and a kiss.
Cut to the girls as they regroup and look o.c. Their puzzled expressions give away the fact that things may not have gone according to plan.
Bubbles says: "I don’t understand."
Bubbles says: "How come nothing is happening?"
Bubbles says: "Weren’t they supposed to explode?"
Cut to the boys, who are still very much in one piece, then back to the girls.
Blossom says: "Well, let’s really lay it on ’em!"
They charge for round two. Brick throws a punch at Blossom, but his timing is too early; he hits nothing as she reaches him and kisses his cheek. She backs up; he again fails to explode, and now he starts to grow. She watches, completely stunned, and gasps. This sequence repeats itself with Boomer and Bubbles. Ditto Butch and Buttercup, except that she backs up to reach her sisters and all three gasp. Looking down at them, the boys lunge and the girls dive aside.
Blossom kisses Brick again—right now he is about twice her size—and he grows even larger. The same thing happens when the other two boys get this treatment. Brick gets yet another, then Butch and Boomer; after Boomer is kissed, a close-up of the top of Butch’s growing head is seen, followed by Brick’s and Boomer’s, then the back of Butch’s. From here, cut to Brick as he becomes even larger.
Brick says: "Your cootie kisses only make us bigger!"
Boomer says: "Stronger!"
Butch says: "And tougher!"
Cut to the girls, who gasp, then pull back to frame both groups. The boys are now at least ten times their original size.
Brick says: "You stupid lame-o girls never learn."
Brick says: "Now it’s time to put these babies to bed!"
The boys gain altitude. Each puts his hands together and extends them out in front of himself, toward a focal point just in front of the three. A broad energy beam emanates from here and washes over the girls; this is similar to the “starburst” attack that has been seen in the past. Cut to a street and pan along with it as they crash down. Bubbles hits the pavement and slides along, Blossom strikes a building, and Buttercup plows through a fire hydrant before fetching up in a parked car. Cut to each, in the reverse of this order, as she takes off to rejoin the fight.
The sky suddenly goes a sinister shade of red, and the girls land in front of a spiral of smoke that has begun to form. It turns into clouds that evaporate to reveal the spike-heeled legs of “Him,” seen in extreme close-up; turn up slowly to show that he has his back to the camera. He addresses the girls over his shoulder.
Girls says: "“Him”!"
“Him” says: "…big boy trouble?"
Grinning, he looks into the sky; follow his gaze to the boys, who start to descend. Back to ground level as they touch down.
“Him” says: "—"
“Him” says: "and victory for me is at hand?"
Blossom says: "So you’re behind this, “Him”!"
Blossom says: "What did you do to make our kisses powerless?"
“Him” says: "I got the spell off the Internet."
Turn up from him to the boys’ faces, then cut back to him.
“Him” says: "But your kisses are not totally useless, girls."
“Him” says: "They make my boys bigger and more powerful!"
The girls gasp, and he laughs insanely in his effeminate voice.
“Him” says: "At last, I win!"
A giant foot is planted behind him to emphasize the point, and the boys join in the merriment. The girls can only look up in mute fear and helplessness as “Him” rises into the air, still laughing.
“Him” says: "Have fun, girls."
“Him” says: "Ta-ta!"
“Him” says: "Ha-ha!"
He continues to laugh as he flies away and disappears in another spiral of smoke. The sky reverts to its normal blue, and three enormous boys glare down at three very small and vulnerable girls. Fade to black.
Part Two.