Narrator says: "The city of Townsville, the happiest town on earth."
Narrator says: "You couldn't find more excitement anywhere else, except perhaps in the home of three of Townsville's most excitable and happy young citizens, the Powerpuff Girls."
Scene cuts to inside the Powerpuff Girls' house.
Bubbles says: "Hooray!"
Blossom says: "We're going to..."
Buttercup says: "The carnival!"
The girls are excited as they zoom to different places in the house.
Professor Utonium says: "Better hurry up, girls, or we'll be late."
Blossom says: "I'm baking a pie."
Buttercup says: "We're entering the dog show!"
Bubbles says: "And I'm entering the 6th annual happiest citizen contest!"
Cut to Professor Utonium in the white sports car.
Professor Utonium says: "Let's go, girls!"
Bubbles says: "Coming, Professor!"
Professor Utonium says: "I'm looking forward to this just as much as you are."
Powerpuff Girls says: "Yay!"
The Professor drives the girls to the carnival.
Powerpuff Girls says: "La, la, la, la, la, la, we're going to the carnival!"
Powerpuff Girls says: "La, la, la, la, la, la, we're going to the carnival!"
Narrator says: "Ah, the sound of children laughing, how sweet it is."
Narrator says: "But all is not sweetness and like, Powerpuff Girls."
Narrator says: "If you listen closely  you can hear the sounds of crying from above a castle on an island, an island surrounded, by a sea of tears."
Lou Gubrious says: "miserable!"
Lou Gubrious continues crying and wailing, then blows his nose...and comes up with a plan.
Lou Gubrious says: "But I, Lou Gubrious, shall have..."
Lou Gubrious says: "my revenge!"
Lou Gubrious says: "I've invented a machine called the Miseray."
Lou Gubrious says: "Which’ll take every ounce of sadness in my pink little body and turn it into pure negative energy, that'd unleash upon those stupid happy people in Townsville, making them all miserable."
Lou Gubrious says: "but making me so happy!"
Lou Gubrious cries again, but activates the Miseray.
Lou Gubrious lets out his wacky evil laughter.
The scene goes over to a police officer giving out ticket forms.
Narrator says: "Uh oh, Townsville, watch out, Lou Gubrious has made good on his threat, and unleashed his awful ray."
The police officer's mouth wobbles up and down, and he begins crying and wailing uncontrollably.
Cut to a banker and a bank robber.
Narrator says: "It looks bad, folks, not even the law is outside his evil grasp!"
Bank Robber says: "Buddy!"
Banker says: "Pal!"
The banker and the bank robber break down crying and wailing.
Narrator says: "Just look at all these happy young suspecting people be plunged into sadness and what's worse is..."
Narrator says: "it's headed for the carnival!"
Cut to the carnival.
Barker says: "Step right up, ladies and gentlemen, and see the 8th wonder of the world, it's stupendous, it's colossal, it's..."
Ventriloquist says: ""Well, well, well, Frisbee, you're looking perky today, how's about a little song?"
The ventriloquist breaks out crying and wailing, then takes one swig of ice cold water, which causes tear drops to flood out of Frisbee's eyes and he begins crying and wailing as well too.
Cut to the happy competition.
Narrator says: "Oh no, not the happy competition!"
The narrator breaks down crying and wailing.
Mayor of Townsville says: "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Townsville's 6th annual happiest citizen contest."
Mayor of Townsville says: "And now, ladies and gentlemen, the happiest citizen of Townsville is..."
Mayor of Townsville says: "Bubbles!"
Bubbles‘s frowning face transforms into a smiling face.
Mayor of Townsville says: "Here you go, my dear."
The Mayor of Townsville gives Bubbles the trophy.
Bubbles says: "Thank you so very, very much, this is the happiest moment of my life."
The Miseray effects the entire audience, and the audience breaks down crying and wailing.
Blossom says: "What's going on, Professor?"
Professor Utonium says: "We're suffering from the effects from the Miseray, it's a ray that can take one person's sadness and spread it to thousands of people at a time."
Talking White Dog says: "How does he know all this stuff?"
Buttercup says: "He's the professor, he knows everything!"
Blossom says: "I don't like it, who could be such a nasty mean old creep that he'd wanna turn Townsville into a bunch of cry babies?"
All of the citizens cry and wail uncontrollably in a row.
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "Congratulate me, Sorrowpuff Girl, I've lost this contest to you for six years running."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "But now, thanks to the wonders of technology..."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "I'm Townsville's happiest citizen!"
Hal Larious breaks out laughing uncontrollably again.
Close up of Bubbles without the trophy.
Bubbles breaks out crying and wailing as well too.
Blossom says: "What'll we do now, Professor?"
Professor Utonium says: "humor!"
Buttercup says: "You mean..."
Bubbles says: "Being funny?"
Blossom says: "But, Professor..."
Buttercup says: "How can we make anyone laugh?!!"
Buttercup says: "!!"
Blossom says: "When we're so..."
Buttercup says: "Unhappy?!!"
Buttercup says: "!!"
Buttercup breaks out crying and wailing again.
Professor Utonium says: "Now go up there and knock 'em out."
Bubbles, Blossom and Buttercup fly over crying and wailing to the podium.
Blossom says: "Good evening, ladies and germs..."
Buttercup says: "We just flew in from Las Vegas..."
The audience continues crying and wailing as well too.
Bubbles says: "Rough crowd!"
Professor Utonium says: "Step on it, because according to my calculations, the entire town will be flooded with tears in ten minutes!"
Cut to a giant monster crying and wailing with flooding tear drops.
Professor Utonium says: "Make that five minutes!"
The crying and wailing towns people run off screaming in fear.
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "Ah, the lovely sound of other people crying."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "It's so refreshing."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "You know, Townsville is such a silly name."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "From now on, I think I'll call it..."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "..."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "the city of Frownsville!"
Hal Larious breaks out laughing uncontrollably again.
Cut to Bubbles hovering over a very high building with a pigeon crying and wailing uncontrollably.
Bubbles says: "Listen, Mr."
Bubbles says: "Pigeon."
Bubbles says: "What's yellow and has lots of appeal?"
The pigeon continues crying and wailing uncontrollably.
Bubbles says: "A banana!"
Bubbles takes the banana off her beautiful cap...and peels it a bit.
Bubbles says: "See?"
Bubbles says: "a peel..."
Bubbles says: "get it?"
Bubbles breaks out laughing through her tear drops.
The pigeon is still crying and wailing uncontrollably.
Bubbles says: "I give up!"
Bubbles breaks out crying and wailing again and throws the banana peel down on the ground.
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "It was nice knowing you, Frownsville, I think I'll go home and polish my trophy now."
Hal Larious/Lou Gubrious says: "Goodbye!"
Hal Larious or Lou Gubrious walks around, then steps on the banana peel, and slips on it. Then he falls flat on his face, two of his teeth fall out, one of his eyes is hurt, and his glasses are broken.
Lou Gubrious says: "Owwwwww!"
The citizens stop running and crying and start laughing.
Lou Gubrious says: "Stop that!"
The monster stops crying and starts laughing.
Lou Gubrious says: "Stop it, I say!"
The townspeople continue laughing.
Lou Gubrious says: "I'm the happiest citizen in Townsville!"
Cuts to the professor and the girls laughing.
Professor says: "You did it girls, you made other people laugh when you were feeling sad yourselves."
Buttercup says: "Thanks Professor."
Blossom says: "It made us feel good again too."
Bubbles says: "And I got my trophy back, now I really am the happiest citizen in Townsville."
Girls says: "Hooray!"
Cuts to everyone in Townsville happily going about their business again as it goes to the carnival.
Narrator says: "Yes, Townsville is back to it's happy-go-lucky old self once more."
Narrator says: "I'm so happy I'm crying tears of joy."
Narrator says: "But what happened to our old friend Lou Gubrious?"
Narrator says: "Well, let's just say Lou retired from the bad guy business."
Narrator says: "The mayor found him a comfortable job at the carnival, where he could spend the rest of his days spreading happiness and joy to children everywhere."
Narrator says: "And so once again the happy day was happily saved by the very happy Powerpuff Girls, and the banana!"