Narrator says: "The city of Townsville..."
Narrator says: "is in need of some..."
Close-up of a terrified woman. An alarm is heard ringing.
Woman 1 says: "HEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!"
As she screams, pull back quickly to show the scene as a bank lobby and her as a teller. Two masked robbers brandish guns and hold bags of money. A crash shakes the camera; Blossom lands, her back to us, and she and her sisters go to work on the thugs. After several seconds of pounding, cut to another close-up of the teller, triumph and relief on her face.
Woman 1 says: "Hooray!"
Pull back to the sound of cheering from the other tellers. The girls stand atop the defeated criminals. Cut to outside the bank entrance, where a police car is parked. The doors open, and the girls carry the robbers out. Cut to behind them, the camera pointing at the car's hood - where its driver is lounging and eating a donut, apparently not at all bugged by the Girls doing most of his work and actually enjoying having more free time thanks to them. Zoom in slowly on him.
Policeman says: "Hey, uh..."
Policeman says: "uh, Powerpuff Girls, uh..."
Policeman says: "thanks for catchin' those crooks."
Policeman says: "We, um..."
Policeman says: "Mmmm..."
Policeman says: "oh, man, this is good."
Policeman says: "Oh, um..."
Policeman says: "while you're at it, would you, uh, mind, uh..."
Policeman says: "bookin' 'em, too?"
The girls trade a disgusted look at this lack of appreciation for their success or support in it as well, especially from one of Townsville's Finest. Their thoughts are interrupted by another woman's voice.
Woman 2 says: "HEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!"
Pull back as she screams; she is in the window of an apartment building engulfed in flames. The other inhabitants join her in her cry for help as fire-engine sirens approach.
Kid 1 says: "Help!"
Woman 2 says: "Help!"
Woman 3 says: "Help!"
Now the girls go to work at full speed, carrying the rest of the residents to safety and flying in tight circles around the building, from the roof down. By the time they reach the ground floor, the fire is out. Close-up of a woman with her hair in curlers.
Curler woman says: "Hooray!"
(Pull back; the other tenants says: "two kids, an old man, a fellow with a towel around his waist and a scrub brush in his hand, and a Japanese geisha."
gathered around her says: "two kids, an old man, a fellow with a towel around his waist and a scrub brush in his hand, and a Japanese geisha."
cheer as well. Among them says: "two kids, an old man, a fellow with a towel around his waist and a scrub brush in his hand, and a Japanese geisha."
(Pull back; the other tenants says: "The girls land in front of them."
gathered around her says: "The girls land in front of them."
cheer as well. Among them says: "The girls land in front of them."
(Pull back; the other tenants says: "Cut to a bored-looking fireman, not at all upset at the Girls having pretty much handled the entire emergency without them needing to lend an assist."
gathered around her says: "Cut to a bored-looking fireman, not at all upset at the Girls having pretty much handled the entire emergency without them needing to lend an assist."
cheer as well. Among them says: "Cut to a bored-looking fireman, not at all upset at the Girls having pretty much handled the entire emergency without them needing to lend an assist."
(Pull back; the other tenants says: ")"
gathered around her says: ")"
cheer as well. Among them says: ")"
Fireman 1 says: "Oh, great job, girls."
Fireman 1 says: "I didn't even have to move a muscle."
Fireman 1 says: "Oh, and, uh, while you're at it..."
Pull back. He is lounging on the back of a fire engine; a Dalmatian sits nearby.
Fireman 1 says: "..."
Fireman 1 says: "would you mind walking Spot over here?"
Fireman 1 says: "He needs to go."
Again, the girls look rather disgusted at this show of apathy and lack of appreciation, this time from Townsville's Bravest, and again their stewing is cut off by a cry for help - this time a man's.
Man 1 says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Man 1 says: "HEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPPP!"
Snap to black. A squeak of metal against metal is heard, and after a moment, the screen is illuminated by the glow of a light bulb - the sound came from it being screwed into its socket. Cut to outside a nuclear power plant. One darkened window lights up; this is where the bulb was put in. Inside, a technician leans back in his chair, near a set of control panels. He is the one who called for help.
Man 1 says: "Gee, thanks, Powerpuff Girls."
Man 1 says: "It would have taken us minutes to screw in that light bulb!"
Cut to them, now looking a little more fed up than before with having to do a job as simple as changing a light bulb that the lazy technician could have done on his own, with the light shining behind them.
Technician says: "You know, us guys at the power plant aren't cut out to handle these kinds of situations."
Man 2 says: "HEELLPP!"
Pull back; he is standing in a kitchen, by the sink, and looking quite bored - he is a plumber, but not exactly an ambitious one. Blossom and Bubbles stand in front of him while Buttercup works on the pipes under the sink. Cut to a man in his car.
Driver says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Driver says: "HEELLPP!"
Pull back. The girls are changing a flat for him. Buttercup holds up one end of the car, Bubbles holds the flat tire, and Blossom puts a new one in place. Cut to an old woman.
Old woman says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Old woman says: "Help!"
Pull back. They are in her home. Bubbles cleans out a cat's litter box, holding her nose as she does so. The user of the said box looks on happily; her sisters are rather less enthused. Now we see a quick series of minor crises.
Kid 2 says: "Help!"
Man 3 says: "Help!"
Man 4 says: "Help!"
Woman 5 says: "Help!"
Ms. Keane says: "Help!"
Cut to the Professor on the living room couch. He is wearing his underclothes and a faceful of stubble. Snacks and drinks are all around him, including two cans of his favorite beverage mounted in a helmet he wears. He has one arm stretched out.
Professor says: "Girls..."
Professor says: "help..."
Pan in the direction of his arm toward the other end of the couch, where the remote sits on the armrest out of his reach.
Professor says: "Huh?"
Girls says: "We said no!"
Girls says: "No, no, no!"
They hover just in front of his face. He slides down in his chair during the following tirade.
Blossom says: "We're sick and tired of doing everything around here!"
Professor says: "But..."
Blossom says: "It's "Powerpuff Girls, this," and "Powerpuff Girls, that."
Blossom says: "" We've had enough!"
Professor says: "But..."
Blossom says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "We're not gonna take it anymore!"
Blossom says: "You can just do it all yourself!"
Professor says: "But..."
Girls says: "But what?!"
Girls says: "!"
Professor says: "But I can't reach it."
The girls groan disgustedly o.c.; cut to them.
Buttercup says: "Let's get out of here."
Buttercup says: "Come on!"
Bubbles stays put and looks sadly up after them. Cut to the couch; she stands at the end opposite the Professor, with the remote next to her. He smiles pleadingly at her, and after a moment, she picks it up and holds it out to him. She smiles as well. Instead of giving it to him, though, she drops it on the floor at his feet; his face falls. A moment of silence, and she takes off. Fade to black.
Fade into an overhead view of her lying on her back against a white field. As she speaks, pull back slowly to show the other two girls similarly disposed of.
Bubbles says: "Do you think we were too hard on the Professor?"
Buttercup says: "No way."
Blossom says: "He and the rest of them need to learn to do things for themselves."
Side view of them. As Blossom continues, turn down to street level, putting her o.c.
Blossom says: "Let's just see how Townsville likes it when we're not here to pick up after them."
The words are barely out of her mouth when a huge green creature slams its foot down into the street. A man and a woman shout in surprise; turn up quickly to show the monster as a sort of lizard, with a piece of the clock tower in its hand. Back at street level, the two onlookers' reactions change to indifferent little sighs, and they continue about their business. A couple and their son stop to watch; they do not seem particularly worried either.
Father says: "Why look, son."
Father says: "A giant monster's destroying Townsville."
Son says: "Can we take him home, Dad?"
Father says: "No, we better leave him alone."
Father says: "The Powerpuff Girls'll take care of him."
Just after they move o.c., it spits a blast of fire over the buildings. A helicopter flies near it and has its tail rotor knocked off and its main rotor damaged by one swing of its arm. The chopper stops in midair.
Now the beast chomps into a building and tears away the corner of one apartment. Inside, two women sit gossiping and drinking coffee. They pay no mind to what has just happened. Long shot of the monster as it begins to eat the masonry again. On the next line, pull back slowly to show the view as that through the window in the Mayor's office. He looks on, also rather nonchalant.
Mayor says: "Oh, look."
Mayor says: "If it isn't another naughty little monster."
Mayor says: "Well, I guess I'll just call the Powerpuff Girls, let them take care of things."
He picks up the receiver; we hear the phone ringing on the other end. After the second ring, there is a click.
Mayor says: "Oh, hello, girls."
Blossom says: "Hello."
Cut to the hotline in the living room and follow the cord connected to it as the girls speak. This runs out along the table and snakes around the floor.
Blossom says: "You've reached the Powerpuff Girls hotline."
Cut to a homeboy and his lady in a convertible, which is being held aloft by the monster.
Homeboy says: "Yo, yo, be careful with the G-ride."
Homeboy says: "Yo, B, I think he's about to get jiggy with us."
The car is promptly devoured whole. The girls watch from their cumulus vantage point as more of the city is roasted.
Bubbles says: "Can't we do something?"
Blossom says: "No, Bubbles, not this time."
Buttercup says: "Yeah."
Buttercup says: "Let 'em figure it out for themselves."
Woman 6 says: "Woo-ooo!"
Woman 6 says: "Oh, woo-ooo!"
Woman 6 says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Woman 6 says: "In case you haven't noticed, there's a monster destroying our town."
It roars o.c. as she speaks.
Man 5 says: "Hey, why don't you little ladies just scoot on down here and take care of this little mess, huh?"
Blossom says: "Take care of it yourselves."
Close-up view of the crowd, dumbstruck by this suggestion; pan across them slowly as the Narrator speaks, ending on the woman who first spotted the girls and called up at the front and center of the group.
Narrator says: "Did we hear correctly?"
Narrator says: ""Take care of it yourselves"?"
Narrator says: "What will Townsville do now?"
In answer to his question, the people scream in panic and run in all directions as the monster rears up behind the buildings. The woman who had only earlier spotted the girls and called up to them now tears her hair out in total panic as everyone freaks. The two words that best describe the crowd's reaction are "total hysteria." They run along a street, just barely keeping ahead of the beast's footfalls, then back and forth across the screen in a field outside the city proper, still just staying ahead of the feet. After several passes, they run o.c., but no giant green foot comes down after them this time. They run back into view and look up with some degree of surprise. Pull back to show the monster tangled in a set of telephone lines and struggling vainly to pull loose. The various members of the crowd address themselves to the girls on their cloud.
Man 6 says: "Powerpuff Girls!"
Man 6 says: "Help us!"
Man 6 says: "The monster's stuck in the telephone wires!"
Blossom says: "That's good!"
Long silence. Back to the crowd.
Crowd says: "Hooray!"
Crowd says: "We destroyed the monster!"
Crowd says: "Help!"
Crowd says: "Help!"
Crowd says: "Destroy the monster!"
Blossom says: "We're not gonna destroy the monster, you are!"
Man 7 says: "Okay!"
Man 7 says: "Let's get him!"
Crowd says: "Yeah, let's get him!"
Crowd says: "Go!"
They charge o.c.; the monster's roar is heard, and after a moment, they scurry back into view, their resolve gone.
Man 7 says: "Uh..."
Man 7 says: "how do we do that?"
Bubbles says: "Well, how do you think?"
Woman 7 says: "I would use my superpowers!"
Man 8 says: "Or heat ray!"
Man 9 says: "I could use my ice breath!"
Buttercup says: "You townspeople don't have superpowers like us, so you have to use your own normal powers."
Buttercup says: "Now, how do you get a monster to stop destroying your town?"
Man 10 says: "Destroy him!"
Crowd says: "Yes!"
Crowd says: "Destroy him!"
Bubbles says: "Good."
Bubbles says: "But how are you gonna destroy him?"
Man 10 says: "Mmmm, uh..."
Man 10 says: "we don't know!"
Crowd says: "Yes!"
Crowd says: "We don't know!"
Bubbles says: "Well..."
Bubbles says: "the monster is stuck in the electrical wires, so what doesn't mix well with electricity?"
Man 11 says: "Uh..."
Man 11 says: "feet!"
Woman 8 says: "Frankorstein?"
Man 12 says: "I know!"
Man 12 says: "A rubber chicken!"
The other people in the crowd talk excitedly about these suggestions as the girls flop onto the cloud face first, frustrated by the ignorance of the townspeople in answering such a simple question as what not to mix with electricity.
Bubbles says: "This is gonna be tougher than I thought."
The monster roars again and pulls against the wires that ensnare it.
Blossom says: "Let's try this another way."
Blossom says: "Hey!"
Blossom says: "Why shouldn't you put a toaster in a bathtub?"
Back to the crowd, now thoroughly annoyed and angered by this rhetorical question.
Man 13 says: "Well, duh!"
Man 13 says: "You wouldn't be able to make toast in the kitchen!"
Woman 9 says: "Yeah!"
Woman 9 says: "You would have to go to the bathroom every time you wanted toast."
Woman 9 says: "What a waste of time!"
Blossom says: "Why shouldn't you put a toaster in a bathtub full of water?"
Man 9 says: "Because your toast would get soggy!"
Man 13 says: "So, if we can get the monster to take a bath, his toast will get soggy!"
Man 10 says: "Yeah, that's how we destroy him!"
Man 10 says: "Make his toast soggy!"
Buttercup says: "No, no, no!"
Buttercup says: "What would happen if you were in a bathtub when the toaster fell in?"
Man 14 says: "Um..."
Man 14 says: "you, uh..."
Man 14 says: "get..."
Man 14 says: "shocked?"
Girls says: "Yes!"
Girls says: "Now you have it!"
Man 13 says: "So, if we can get the monster to take a bath..."
Man 13 says: "then he will get shocked!"
Woman 9 says: "But where are we going to find a bathtub to fit the monster?"
Man 14 says: "And where do we get a toaster?"
Man 13 says: "Do you have a toaster?"
Kid 3 says: "I don't have a toaster."
Pan across the crowd as they begin to ask one another if anybody has a toaster on hand. No luck, of course.
Man 9 says: "I could be soggy toast."
The girls have had it up to their eyeballs with these people's obtuseness and lack of common sense.
Blossom says: "There's another way!"
Blossom says: "You already have your toaster."
Blossom says: "It's the electrical wire wrapped around the monster."
Blossom says: "Now, what do you fill a bathtub with?"
Crowd says: "Water?"
Blossom says: "Very good!"
Cut to a fireman holding a dripping hose.
Fireman 2 says: "Where the heck are we gonna get that much water?"
Girls says: "FIGURE IT OUT!!!"
The fireman begins to think very hard - as hard as his functioning brain cells will allow, that is - with the hose still dripping in his hand.
Voice says: "Pssst!"
He looks around himself to find the source of the voice. One man points toward his own open hand, which he is holding in a position similar to that of the fireman's hand with the hose. This latter points at the hose in his own hand, bewildered and gets a big nod of approval. He nods back, then points the nozzle at the still-entangled monster and opens it up full force. When the stream of water hits the wires, the monster is enveloped in a blinding flash of electricity. It jerks back and forth, screaming at insane decibels, as the people watch in total shock and awe.
Crowd says: "Ooooh..."
Crowd says: "Ahhhh..."
Crowd says: "Ohhhh..."
The beast finally explodes from the voltage it has absorbed. When the dust and debris clear, we see that the townspeople are festooned with globs of green sludge and various monster bits. Pan across them as they talk excitedly; the city comes into view, the surrounding area also covered with slop.
Girls says: "You did it!"
Girls says: "You did it!"
Crowd says: "Did what?"
People at front of the crowd says: "Hooray!"
People at front of the crowd says: "We destroyed the monster!"
Woman 8 says: "Who needs those Powerpuff Girls?"
Woman 9 says: "We can take care of things on our own!"
From their cloud, the girls watch them go.
Blossom says: "I'm beat."
Buttercup says: "Yeah, let's go home."
Mayor says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bubbles says: "It's the Mayor!"
Mayor says: "Powerpuff Girls, would you come down here, please?"
Mayor says: "Oh, and, girls..."
Close-up of them, again looking quite peeved, possibly from the Mayor forgetting that the Girls showed Townsville how to handle things on their own without calling the Girls to help with everything that they could easily handle without them.
Mayor says: "..."
Mayor says: "would you mind cleaning up Townsville?"
Mayor says: "It's a major pigsty."
Mayor says: "Thanks a bunch."
Mayor says: "Woo-hoo!"
Mayor says: "Par-tay!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again the day is saved - with no thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
Narrator says: "Hey..."
Narrator says: "I did that all by myself!"