Professor says: "The town of Citiesville."
Pull back to show the family station wagon rolling toward this locale. The roof rack is piled high with luggage, and the girls’ heads are seen through the rear window.
Professor says: "It’s home to the top research lab in the world."
Cut to inside the car, behind the girls.
Bubbles says: "Yeah."
Bubbles says: "But why are we moving there?"
Professor says: "Well, I took a job offer at their lab."
Professor says: "And we have to move here for me to work there."
The girls look at each other with worry and sadness, then direct their gaze toward the camera. Cut to just behind their heads as Townsville recedes into the distance.
Bubbles says: "Bye-bye, Townsville."
Cut to the edge of the city limits. A large billboard displays the message “Welcome to Citiesville,” as well as plenty of added graffiti. Garbage is strewn along the side of the road. A bridge leads across a body of water to the city proper; the station wagon heads toward this.
Professor says: "Oh, I can’t wait!"
They reach the other end of the bridge.
Professor says: "And if what I’ve heard is true, Citiesville is a great place to live."
(The family rolls through the streets—which do not exactly form the most inviting milieu for a man to raise three kindergarten-age girls. A dingy says: "the Shady Inn Motel."
seedy says: "the Shady Inn Motel."
run-down quality permeates the place says: "the Shady Inn Motel."
this is only reinforced by the first place of lodging we see says: "the Shady Inn Motel."
(The family rolls through the streets—which do not exactly form the most inviting milieu for a man to raise three kindergarten-age girls. A dingy says: "Through the front window, a man is seen slumped over at a desk and watching a TV."
seedy says: "Through the front window, a man is seen slumped over at a desk and watching a TV."
run-down quality permeates the place says: "Through the front window, a man is seen slumped over at a desk and watching a TV."
this is only reinforced by the first place of lodging we see says: "Through the front window, a man is seen slumped over at a desk and watching a TV."
(The family rolls through the streets—which do not exactly form the most inviting milieu for a man to raise three kindergarten-age girls. A dingy says: "Another man, this one wearing a black coat and cap, steps out and addresses himself to the one inside."
seedy says: "Another man, this one wearing a black coat and cap, steps out and addresses himself to the one inside."
run-down quality permeates the place says: "Another man, this one wearing a black coat and cap, steps out and addresses himself to the one inside."
this is only reinforced by the first place of lodging we see says: "Another man, this one wearing a black coat and cap, steps out and addresses himself to the one inside."
(The family rolls through the streets—which do not exactly form the most inviting milieu for a man to raise three kindergarten-age girls. A dingy says: ")"
seedy says: ")"
run-down quality permeates the place says: ")"
this is only reinforced by the first place of lodging we see says: ")"
Black-coated man says: "Hey, I’m going to work, Jim."
Black-coated man says: "I’ll be back in a while."
He pulls his cap down over his face—it is actually a ski mask—and pulls a gun out of his coat. Cocking it, he walks o.c. just before the Professor pulls up and stops.
Professor says: "Here we are."
Professor says: "Looks nice and safe."
Tilt slowly up from street level as sirens wail and gunshots ring out in the distance. From all visual indications, the Professor is completely off the mark in his assessment of the neighborhood. Helicopter searchlight beams sweep across the building.
Snap to black as the jingling of keys is heard. One is fitted into a lock, and the knob is turned. As a light switch clicks, snap to an overhead view of the family at the doorway of a rather squalid room, with garbage in the corner and some unidentifiable liquid splashed on the floor and walls. The Professor has his hand on the switch. Cockroaches scurry away just after the lights come on; the four look around with no small degree of concern.
The rest of the room is no better. The only light, from a single naked bulb, illuminates a leaky ceiling and windows with torn curtains. A dirty, bare mattress and cast-iron radiator huddle at the far end; along the left wall are a shattered mirror and an overflowing sink and toilet. A filthy trash can sits near this last. More disgusting pools of liquid line the edges of the floor, and the walls and ceiling are covered with holes and stains.
A roach scuttles past in front of the girls. Tilt up from them to the Professor, who seems quite impressed with the circumstances.
Professor says: "Wow!"
Professor says: "This is great!"
Professor says: "Well, look at that."
Professor says: "It’s got a bathroom right there in the kitchen."
Pull back into the city; now it is night, and a police chopper flies past. The sky fades to morning as car horns start to blare. The chopper buzzes the motel again. Inside, Blossom looks out the window and turns back to the camera nervously.
Blossom says: "I don’t see it."
The Professor is helping Bubbles get her backpack on; Buttercup already has hers. Blossom flies into view.
Blossom says: "Professor, how are we gonna fly to school if we don’t know where it is?"
Wipe to a close-up of the back of a school bus. The girls look dejectedly out the window, at the camera, as the bus rumbles away. Inside, they sit hunched down and look very small on the back seat; Blossom now has her backpack as well. They sigh heavily. A brown-haired girl addresses them; she sounds very much like a valley girl.
Girl says: "Hi."
Girl says: "You must be the new kids."
Blossom says: "Really?"
Girl says: "No!"
Girl says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
She laughs at them; each girl’s expression changes in much the expected way. Bubbles looks crushed, Blossom shocked, Buttercup angry. Pan slowly toward the front of the bus as the other kids join in the amusement. Even the driver is having a laugh at their expense. Back to the girls; now Blossom looks sad and Bubbles has tears in her eyes.
The bus rolls through a gate in a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. Behind this fence is a group of squat, ugly gray buildings that also sport barbed wire. The gate slams shut behind the bus, and the girls look out the window with considerable unease.
Cut to them, seen from over a teacher’s desk. Bubbles smiles nervously.
Blossom says: "where we’ll just have to be excused."
(The teacher is now seen from the other side of the desk. He is reading a newspaper says: "“READ CHAPTERS 1-77 QUIETLY!!"
which he lowers to show himself—the very stereotype of the gym teacher who has to give instruction in an academic subject as well. Thickly built says: "“READ CHAPTERS 1-77 QUIETLY!!"
balding says: "“READ CHAPTERS 1-77 QUIETLY!!"
hairy arms says: "“READ CHAPTERS 1-77 QUIETLY!!"
not ready to put up with much garbage. Behind him on the board is the class assignment says: "“READ CHAPTERS 1-77 QUIETLY!!"
(The teacher is now seen from the other side of the desk. He is reading a newspaper says: "” Long silence."
which he lowers to show himself—the very stereotype of the gym teacher who has to give instruction in an academic subject as well. Thickly built says: "” Long silence."
balding says: "” Long silence."
hairy arms says: "” Long silence."
not ready to put up with much garbage. Behind him on the board is the class assignment says: "” Long silence."
(The teacher is now seen from the other side of the desk. He is reading a newspaper says: ")"
which he lowers to show himself—the very stereotype of the gym teacher who has to give instruction in an academic subject as well. Thickly built says: ")"
balding says: ")"
hairy arms says: ")"
not ready to put up with much garbage. Behind him on the board is the class assignment says: ")"
Male Teacher says: "Take your seats."
Blossom says: "But—"
They float toward the back of the room as the other students snicker and giggle. Close-up of Bubbles at a regular desk, not looking too enthusiastic.
Boy says: "Psst!"
She turns to look, and we see the speaker, a boy with a straw near his mouth. He takes a breath and blows, and a spitball catches her in the face. She turns in the other direction.
Bubbles says: "You guys!"
Blossom says: "We know."
Buttercup says: "We know."
The sound of a distant fire-engine siren rouses them from their sulking, and they zip over to the window with smiles on their faces. Cut to just outside; flames are reflected in the glass, then cut to an overhead view of the street as an engine rolls toward a group of burning buildings. The girls turn toward the teacher.
Girls says: "Teacher, may we please be excused to save the town?"
He shoots them a very dirty look; cut to them at a table, with their backs to the window. The fire rages behind them, and they do not enjoy the prospect of being unable to do anything about it.
Wipe to the Professor in the motel room, reading a paper. The door closes o.c.; the girls stand at it, their faces telling the story of how their day went. He lowers his paper and smiles.
Professor says: "Hi, girls!"
Blossom says: "Professor, what do you think of this town?"
Professor says: "I just absolutely love it!"
Professor says: "It’s like a real city here."
Professor says: "And the people you know what I mean?"
The girls trade a worried look. He opens the window; we hear traffic from the street.
Professor says: "Can’t you just feel the energy?"
Professor says: "I LOVE THIS TOWN!"
Pull back across the block, his voice echoing in the air over the gunshots and car horns.
Man says: "Oh, shut up, you jerk."
Professor says: "City folk."
Professor says: "So how was your day?"
A pause, after which Blossom laughs nervously and starts to trade looks with her sisters.
Blossom says: "Ha, ha."
Blossom says: "Um… Uh… Oh… Yeah."
Blossom says: "Great."
Bubbles and Buttercup make several light, throwaway comments about how well the day went. The Professor smiles.
Professor says: "Great."
Bubbles says: "Great."
Buttercup says: "Great."
Wipe to the girls in flight.
Blossom says: "Look, as soon as we sort everything out with their Mayor, everything will fall into place."
They fly across the city and arrive at a building with a tall central section, not unlike the seat of government in Los Angeles.
Cut to the girls in a well-lit office, addressing themselves to a thin, carefully coiffed man at a desk—the receptionist. He regards them with a big smile.
Blossom says: "we thought we’d drop by and get acquainted with the Mayor."
Philip says: "Aha."
Philip says: "Well, that sounds just great, but since you don’t have an appointment,  hmm?"
He points o.c. at the appropriate moment. Cut to the girls, sitting on a couch in the office and wearing expectant smiles. The only sound is the ticking of the wall clock at the other end of the room. After a few seconds, dissolve to the girls still on the couch, but after a lapse of several hours by the clock. Bubbles and Buttercup are asleep, while Blossom sits with chin in hands. Finally the man speaks again, snapping them to attention.
Philip says: "Powderpuff Girls?"
Blossom says: "Here."
Cut to an inner office, done in dark wood paneling. A tall, gaunt, white-haired man sits at a desk at the far end, with a telephone in hand. Behind him is a large window, with a flagpole next to it. A woman and another man—members of his staff—are checking files and looking over documents. As the receptionist speaks, pull back to show a reporter seated on a couch, notepad in hand, and the girls at the edge of the scene.
Receptionist says: "The Mayor will see you now."
Another man walks into view and gives a file to the female staff member. The man at the desk, the Mayor of Citiesville, calls to the girls; his voice is loud and businesslike—the diametric opposite of the Mayor they left behind.
Citiesville Mayor says: "Come on in, boys."
They step in, the last man crossing in front of them. The first male staff member extends a sheet to the Mayor.
Male staff member says: "Here’s that very important document, sir."
He gives the sheet over, and it is promptly signed—and this Mayor does not have to ask how to spell his own name.
Citiesville Mayor says: "Ok."
Citiesville Mayor says: "Now, how can I help you?"
Blossom says: "Actually, Mr."
Blossom says: "Mayor, we’re here to help you."
Blossom says: "You see, we’re the Powerpuff Girls, and we’re superheroes, and we have superpowers, and we fight crime and beat up bad guys and stuff."
Bubbles says: "And we can fly around."
Bubbles says: "Whee!"
Bubbles says: "Whoo!"
Blossom says: "And we brought you this hotline phone,  so if you’re ever in trouble, you can just give us a call."
They smile broadly; the Mayor regards them for a moment.
Citiesville Mayor says: "Um… Ok."
Citiesville Mayor says: "Well, I already have a phone, so if you could please get to the point."
Citiesville Mayor says: "As you can see, I’m a very busy man."
Long, nervous silence.
Blossom says: "Uh…  Now what?"
Buttercup says: "We’re superheroes."
Buttercup says: "We’re here to help you fight crime."
Citiesville Mayor says: "Yes."
Citiesville Mayor says: "Uh, Philip?"
The voice on the phone is that of the receptionist.
Philip says: "The Chief of Police is on line nine."
Philip says: "He says it’s urgent."
Citiesville Mayor says: "What is it, Chief?"
Citiesville Mayor says: "I’m working on the bill as we speak."
Citiesville Mayor says: "I don’t know what else I can tell you."
Cut to two crooks speeding down the street. A sack of cash sits between them. They look out behind them, then at each other, and grin broadly. The car lays rubber through Citiesville as several squad cars join the pursuit. One of them skids out and smashes into a parked car; the others continue the chase. A policeman speaks into his radio.
Policeman says: "This is Car 54."
Policeman says: "They just passed the Children’s Hospital, and they’re heading north on Murray."
Blossom says: "There they are."
The crooks are still ahead of their pursuers.
Driver says: "Watch this."
He pulls the gearshift lever and backs the car neatly into a very narrow alley. The cops speed past, and the two men laugh over their foiling of the chase. Close-up of them; the top of Buttercup’s head and the edge of Blossom’s hair bow are just visible before them.Three familiar voices shake them out of their celebration.
Driver says: "Hey, go play somewheres else, you little brats."
Buttercup says: "Brats?"
She slams her hand down on the hood of the car, denting it considerably and damaging the radiator badly enough to make steam rise from it. The crooks look at each other uneasily, then scream in terror and back the car out the other end of the alley. It just barely misses two other vehicles as it does a screeching turn and roars off down the street. The girls give chase, just missing these others as well. A car crashes into one of them. Cut to the girls in flight, approaching the bridge.
Blossom says: "He’s heading for the bridge!"
Blossom says: "Quick."
Blossom says: "Starburst formation."
They stop in midair and reach ahead of themselves, firing laser beams from their hands toward a point just in front of Blossom. The beams merge into a single broad one that strikes the bridge ahead of the crooks. This is reflected in their windshield just before the bridge disappears in a colossal explosion. Half of it is blown away; the brakes are slammed on as the getaway car zooms toward the broken edge. The slowdown comes too late, though, and the crooks tumble screaming into the air. An expected splash is never heard, as the girls carry the car to safety. Sirens wail through the night as it is set down on the pavement in front of the squad cars. The girls stand by it, looking very proud of their own achievements.
Blossom says: "People of Citiesville, fear no more."
Blossom says: "Behold your saviors, the Powerpuff Girls, here to stamp out crime and villainy and bring safety to all."
Blossom says: "No thanks necessary, Officer."
Blossom says: "Just doing what comes naturally."
The policeman says nothing, but only stands over them with a zombie-like expression on his face. After a moment, his mouth twists into a grimace and his eyes bug out and become bloodshot. Blossom grins crookedly up at him.
Cut to the Professor, again reading the paper in the motel room. The door opens and closes o.c.; the girls are “home” again and not looking at all happy.
Blossom says: "Professor?"
Professor says: "What a day!"
Professor says: "Am I right?"
Buttercup says: "Oh, brother!"
Blossom says: "Well, I guess it was pretty good."
Cut to the hotline, sitting in a corner. Blossom slides up to it and answers.
Blossom says: "Hello?"
Blossom says: "Uh-huh."
Blossom says: "Yes."
Blossom says: "Ok."
Blossom says: "It’s the Mayor’s office."
Blossom says: "He wants to see us right away."
Cut to the exterior of the government center, then to the Mayor in his office. He sits on his desk, on the side away from the girls, and turns his upper body so that he faces them. Long silence, during which the camera zooms in very slowly.
Citiesville Mayor says: "Let me tell you some words."
Citiesville Mayor says: "At what point did it seem like a good idea to blow up the Cityville Bridge?"
Citiesville Mayor says: "No!"
Citiesville Mayor says: "IT’S NOT REPLACEABLE!"
Citiesville Mayor says: "They commute."
[Goofs says: "The flag suddenly changes from the Stars and Stripes to a blank field."
[Goofs says: "Also, it shows the bridge but gives the city name as Citiesville USA."
He breaks down for a moment, then quickly pulls himself together to turn back and glare at the girls.
Citiesville Mayor says: "You’re hereby forbidden by law to use any of your powers within the city limits."
He hands the document to the girls.
Citiesville Mayor says: "Now get out of my sight."
Cut to them in flight, looking quite dismayed at what has just happened. A police chopper, its siren wailing, pulls ahead and places itself in their path. They stop short.
Buttercup says: "Looks like we’re hoofing it."
As the girls start o.c., a bus rolls by and spews out a cloud of exhaust that makes Blossom cough. Cut to the three on foot.
Bubbles says: "I guess it could be worse."
A pigeon flies over and relieves itself squarely onto her head. She takes this very poorly. They continue down the street and are addressed by a man’s gravelly voice after a few steps.
Hippie says: "Hey, ladies."
On the end of this, the speaker’s figure comes partially into view—long hair, tattoo around one arm, a shirt that does not make it all the way to his beltline. Cut to the view from the street, the camera moving with the girls. He has tinted eyeglasses and a fanny pack turned around to the front, and he looks very much like an aging hippie.
Hippie says: "Nice dresses."
Hippie says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
[Pointout says: "Alan forgot to notice that the hippie also has a barely-noticeable eyebrow ring on his left eyebrow."
[Pointout says: "The background is dark, but it is there."
Cut to the girls on another block. A car speeds past and splashes them with water from a puddle, after which a bum pushes a shopping cart full of his worldly goods across the street in front of them.
Bum says: "Hi, now."
Bum says: "I’m trying to get to three million dollars."
Bum says: "Can you help me out?"
The girls give him a disgusted look as they pass. He calls after them.
Bum says: "Ah, forget you, then."
Bum says: "Someday you’ll learn the importance of helping others."
Wipe to another block, at the corner of 9th and 3rd. Buttercup steps in a wad of gum as the girls trudge along.
Buttercup says: "Oh, man!"
Buttercup says: "Uhh."
Wipe to them looking in bewilderment at the camera. Long silence.
Bubbles says: "What now?"
Back to the girls, who are now climbing down the muddy slope and trying not to slide if they can help it. Gravity and a lack of friction defeat them, though, and they end up in a puddle at the edge of the water. Now splattered with muck, they wade in.
Buttercup says: "Oh, cold!"
Buttercup says: "Cold!"
Buttercup says: "Cold!"
Wipe to them as they make their way out on the other side. It is now early morning, and they look thoroughly fed up with the prospect of life in Citiesville. They begin to climb the slope on that side. Dissolve to a close-up of a newspaper showing a photo of a man who looks very much like Don Shank. We hear a door being thrown open, and the paper is lowered to show the girls—mud and all—at the entrance to the family’s room. Cut to the Professor, paper in hand. Long silence, after which he smiles.
Professor says: "So, how did it go with the Mayor?"
Blossom says: "Professor, we tried to tell you before, but you—"
Buttercup says: "This place stinks!"
Bubbles says: "I wanna go home!"
Back to the Professor, who looks as if he might burst into tears at any moment.
Blossom says: "We tried to tell you, but you wouldn’t listen, and we know how much you like it here, and—"
On the last part of this, his eyes tear up and he reaches up to wipe them.
Blossom says: "Professor?"
Girls says: "Professor?"
Professor says: "You don’t know how happy this makes me."
Girls says: "Huh?"
Professor says: "Oh, I’ve been hating it here so much!"
Professor says: "Hating, hating, hating, hating it!"
Professor says: "Oh, they pick on me at work, and they call me square, and—"
Professor says: "Oh, so what do you say, kids?"
Close-up of the station wagon’s rear window, the camera moving with the car. The reflection of the Citiesville skyline is visible; the girls press up against the glass as it recedes from view. They are happy to see it go.
Narrator says: "And hello, city of Townsville!"
The standard end shot comes up.
Narrator says: "So once again, the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!"
The End!
We’ll see you again soon!