Theme Song.
The episode starts with a reality show called Townsville Tonight with pictures showing up on the show before it even starts that Morbucks and Muscle Woman are watching at a long table with her TV at the back of the table and a golden TV remote on the table next to Morbucks' dinner on a plate in front of her.
Sophie Golden says: "Welcome to Townsville Tonight."
Sophie Golden says: "I'm your host, Sophie Golden."
Sophie Golden says: "This evening, we have none other than Townsville's favorite superhero trio:  The Powerpuff Girls!"
Blossom says: "Hi!"
Bubbles says: "Hi!"
Buttercup says: "Hi!"
Watching them on the screen, Morbucks gasps in excitement.
Morbucks says: "My BFF's, the Powerpuff Girls, are on Townsville Tonight!"
Morbucks says: "They're probably gonna mention me and  how great I am!"
Morbucks says: "Turn it up, Muscle Woman."
Sophie Golden says: "As superheroes, what do you girls feel defines a villain?"
Blossom says: "Oh, that's easy."
Blossom says: "They're selfish."
Morbucks says: "Oh, definitely."
Buttercup says: "And greedy."
Morbucks says: "Greed, sister."
Bubbles says: "And they do bad stuff to others."
Morbucks says: "I know, right?"
Bubbles says: "You know, like..."
All 3 Girls says: "Princess Morbucks!"
Morbucks says: "WHAT?!"
Morbucks says: "!"
Muscle Woman says: "Hey, they did mention you."
Sophie Golden says: "Well, there you have it."
Sophie Golden says: "The Powerpuff Girls keeping Townsville safe and Princess Morbucks is a villain."
Sophie Golden says: "This guy seems to think so."
Morbucks says: "I..."
Morbucks says: "I don't understand."
Muscle Woman says: "Me neither."
Muscle Woman says: "Free-range bees is just a recipe for disaster."
Morbucks says: "No."
Morbucks says: "I mean, the Powerpuff Girls think I'm a..."
Morbucks says: "villain?"
Muscle Woman says: "You didn't think that?"
In Morbucks' room, a fire on logs in a fireplace is shining bright as Morbucks walks to it and looks at it.
Morbucks says: "Me?"
Morbucks says: "A villain?"
Morbucks says: "But I can't be."
Morbucks says: "How do I change this?"
Morbucks says: "I have to make things right."
Morbucks says: "There's only one thing to do."
Morbucks says: "The Powerpuff Girls are the villains, oh."
Morbucks says: "Uh-uh."
Morbucks says: "Blossom, Bubbles, and third one gotta go."
Morbucks says: "Yeah."
Morbucks says: "Real superheroes wear a crown."
Morbucks says: "Kicking them Powerpuff Girls out of town."
Morbucks says: "Money."
In Midway Elementary School, Jared showed the Powerpuff Girls the video Morbucks made on his phone.
Blossom says: "Destroys buildings?"
Blossom says: "What?"
Buttercup says: "The third one?"
Buttercup says: "She doesn't even know my name?"
Bubbles says: "I think it's catchy."
Jared says: "I guess you haven't even heard this part."
Jared says: "Huh?"
Buttercup says: "It's okay, Bubbs."
Buttercup says: "No one is gonna watch this dumb video, anyway."
Students says: "The Powerpuff Girls are the villains, oh."
Students says: "Blossom, Bubbles, and the third one's gotta go."
Students says: "Real superheroes wear a crown."
Students says: "Kicking them Powerpuffs out of town."
Buttercup says: "Well, first time I was wrong."
Morbucks says: "Hey, super gal pals!"
Buttercup says: "Morbucks, take that song down or I'll give you a knuckle sandwich that I'll tide you over 'till Tuesday!"
Morbucks says: "Well, that isn't very a superhero-y thing to say, Whatever-Your-Name-Is."
Buttercup says: "My name is Buttercup."
Morbucks says: "Is it?"
Morbucks says: "Well, whatever."
Blossom says: "Wait."
Blossom says: "So you don't think you're a villain?"
Morbucks says: "You don't think that you're a villain?"
Morbucks says: "Someone's been getting her facts wrong again."
Blossom says: "I never get my facts wrong."
Barry says: "Not according to this slamming jam!"
Blossom says: "Facts don't meow."
Morbucks says: "Anyways, I have to go."
Morbucks says: "I have a big sold-out concert tonight."
Bubbles says: "I do like kitties!"
Buttercup says: "I know, Bubbs, I know."
Blossom says: "Don't worry, girls, this is just Morbucks being Morbucks."
Blossom says: "That song will blow over by the end of the day."
The Powerpuff Girls' house appears in the next scene as they are on the couch watching the news.
Bob says: "I tell you, a bad song keeps on getting more popular."
Nick says: "Yes."
Nick says: "it does, Bob."
Nick says: "Stay tuned for for Townsville Tonight featuring Princess Morbucks, superhero and singer, up the platinum track, Easy To Be Good Cuz The Powerpuff Girls Are So Bad."
Nick says: "And in other news, Mojo Jojo robbed two banks today."
Bob says: "What a shame, Nick."
The TV turns off.
Blossom says: "Mojo Jojo robs two banks and they don't even call us?"
Blossom says: "Catchy?"
Blossom says: "Hmm."
In a dark blue background with a rainbow and hearts, stars, and lightning strike banners playing a guitar, a piano, and drums.
Blossom says: "Ew!"
Buttercup says: "At least I looked good."
Bubbles says: "I think I can work with this."
The beginning beats of Queen's We Will Rock You starts playing at the Townsville Matta Dome with 2 balloons with Morbucks' face on them as a giant screen with her face on it is seen, as her golden limo, also with her face on it in the sky is being pulled down on the stage and she jumps out.
Morbucks says: "Hello, Townsville!"
Morbucks says: "What the..."
Morbucks says: "?"
The TVs turn back on, but this time, Buttercup has the second part of her hair down and is wearing a purple vest, red shirt, and black shoes. Bubbles is wearing a light green scrunchie on her hair, which is now a ponytail, a long-sleeved light purple shirt and shoes with light green fluffs on both of them, and white pants. And Blossom is wearing a small red bow on he head despite the back of her hair being messy, a light purple tank top and fluffy light pink frills around it.
Blossom says: "We're Powerpuff Girls."
Bubbles says: "We're Powerpuff Girls."
Buttercup says: "We're Powerpuff Girls."
Blossom says: "But we are really nice."
Bubbles says: "But we are really nice."
Buttercup says: "But we are really nice."
Blossom says: "Superhero girlfriends."
Bubbles says: "Superhero girlfriends."
Buttercup says: "Superhero girlfriends."
Blossom says: "Keeping you safe every day and every night."
Bubbles says: "Keeping you safe every day and every night."
Buttercup says: "Keeping you safe every day and every night."
Blossom says: "Flying way up in the sky."
Bubbles says: "Flying way up in the sky."
Buttercup says: "Flying way up in the sky."
Blossom says: "But not before we rebuild your buildings."
Bubbles says: "But not before we rebuild your buildings."
Buttercup says: "But not before we rebuild your buildings."
Blossom says: "Let us stay in Townsville."
Bubbles says: "Let us stay in Townsville."
Buttercup says: "Let us stay in Townsville."
Jared says: "Wow!"
Jared says: "This song's great!"
Morbucks says: "No, it's not!"
Blossom says: "We're really great."
Bubbles says: "We're really great."
Buttercup says: "We're really great."
Blossom says: "Let us stay."
Bubbles says: "Let us stay."
Buttercup says: "Let us stay."
Barry says: "I feel like the Powerpuff Girls should stay here in Townsville."
Man Being Stung By Bees says: "Ow, ow, ow!"
Man Being Stung By Bees says: "Hey, I no longer feel like kicking them out of town."
Professor says: "Me neither."
With a look of a gorilla's face, Morbucks growls.
Blossom says: "We're not villains."
Bubbles says: "We're not villains."
Blossom says: "We're not villains."
Bubbles says: "We're not villains."
Buttercup says: "And my name is Buttercup!"
Jared says: "The Powerpuff Girls are the greatest superheroes ever!"
Morbucks says: "No, they're not!"
Morbucks says: "They're villains!"
Blossom says: "Hey, Morbucks, how does it feel to be a one-hit wonder?"
Buttercup says: "Townsville's back on our side, baby!"
Bubbles says: "And we didn't have to say one bad thing about you."
Morbucks says: "Fine!"
Morbucks says: "Everyone thinks I'm a villain?"
Morbucks says: "I'll show you a villain!"
Morbucks says: "With this!"
Morbucks says: "My indestructible music mech!"
Bubbles says: "Did she plan that?"
Morbucks laughs as she puts her own small version of the microphone down as a lever and pulls it to her.
Morbucks says: "I think it's time to drop the mic!"
Blossom says: "Girls, let's give Morbucks a hot mic!"
Morbucks says: "Ugh!"
Morbucks says: "That's it!"
Blossom says: "We have to stop her before she destroys the whole city."
Morbucks says: "Now for the encore."
Blossom says: "Girls, Plan Crescendo!"
Blossom says: "Come on, Bubbles."
Blossom says: "Show her how much you love cats."
Bubbles says: "I'm trying!"
Buttercup says: "What's the matter, Bubbs?"
Buttercup says: "Cat got your tongue?"
Buttercup says: "Hi-yah!"
Blossom says: "You're a villain and you'll always be a villain!"
Buttercup says: "And we'll always beat you!"
Bubbles says: "And have a nice day!"
The Powerpuff Girls fly away.
Morbucks says: "But I don't want to be a villain."
Debbie says: "But you're the best one there is."
Morbucks says: "Huh?"
Debbie says: "Yeah."
Debbie says: "I never seen someone so bad."
Morbucks says: "You..."
Morbucks says: "You haven't?"
Debbie says: "I want to be just like you."
Debbie says: "Not like those Powerpuff Girls."
Debbie says: "You're my hero."
Morbucks says: "Well, good enough for me, random girl."
Debbie says: "My name's Debbie."
Morbucks says: "Doesn't matter."
Morbucks says: "I won't remember it."
Debbie says: "Okay."
Morbucks says: "Now let me tell you everything there is to know about being the best villain out there."
Episode ends.