Narrator says: "Sugar, spice, and everything nice."
Narrator says: "These were the ingredients chosen to create the perfect little girl."
Narrator says: "But Professor Utonium accidentally added a can of Whoopass to the concoction."
On the word "sugar", a box labled sugar appears. On the word "spice", some spices such as a salt shaker, and a pepper mill appear. On the words "everything nice", a birthday cake, a vase of flowers, some cute animals, heart and star shapes, a smiley face, and a unicorn all appear. On the words "perfect little girl", a pretty girl with a grey one-piece dress with matching color eyes and white hair done in a ponytail sits on a rainbow.
Professor Utonium adds a drop of Whoopass, which causes an explosion. Right before his eyes, he sees three girls with big eyes in light blue, pink, and mint green eye colors respectively, no ears, noses, fingers or toes, wearing Mary Janes, white stockings and one-piece dresses in matching eye colors, with each dress having a black belt in the middle, with different hairstyles, holding hands with each other.
Narrator says: "Thus the Whoopass Girls were born!"
Narrator says: "Using their ultra super powers; Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup have dedicated their lives to fighting crime, and the forces of evil."
On the word "Blossom" says: "She appears kneeling down in the middle."
On the word "Blossom" says: "She has pink eyes and a matching pink dress, and long orange hair topped off with a big red bow."
On the word "Bubbles" says: "She appears on the left, arms crossed."
On the word "Bubbles" says: "She has light blue eyes, matching dress, and yellow hair done in pigtails."
On the word "Buttercup" says: "She appears on the right, also with her arms crossed."
On the word "Buttercup" says: "She has mint green eyes, matching color dress, and black hair done in a bob-flip."
The girls run toward run towards the screen. They encounter the Gangreen Gang, and their appearance says it all.
Narrator says: "Go girls, go!"
The girls beat up the Gangreen Gang, punching, kicking, and headbutting all the while.
Another member which has a backwards cap holds a chainsaw which revs. Buttercup unplugs the chainsaw.
A member with a grotesque appearance throws a member who is short and has black hair combed over to Bubbles, who stops him.
Bubbles is trapped in a fat member's lower lip and jaw. Buttercup punches his stomach, setting her free.
The girls stand on top of the beaten up Gangreen Gang.
A logo with the text "Whoopass Stew" in a cutesy typeface featuring the Girls sitting pretty appears.
Narrator says: "Whoopass Stew!"
Blossom in the logo giggles.
The Whoopass Girls in A Sticky Situation.
Over a city skyline.
Narrator says: "The city of Townsville."
Narrator says: "A pleasant place to live, except when..."
Narrator says: "trouble breaks out."
A woman with glasses and a red dress and wearing a sunhat freaks out.
Woman says: "The Amoeba Boys, they just robbed the bank!"
Woman says: "Somebody stop them, they stole all the money!"
The Amoeba Boys, life size amoebas with different hats, and one with a cigar in its mouth, are holding the cash bags from the robbery.
Just then, the Whoopass Girls show up in front of them.
The Whoopass Girls says: "Not so fast boys!"
Ameoba Boy 1 says: "Ah, it's the Whoopass Girls; let's get 'em boys!"
The Whoopass Girls and the Ameoba Boys head toward each other. The girls try to punch, and kick, and they get stuck in different areas, without any warning, no less.
Ameoba Boy 1 says: "Now we got you Whoopass Girls!"
Ameoba Boy 1 says: "Go ahead."
Ameoba Boy 1 says: "Try and get outta this one."
Blossom says: "Follow me, girls!"
The girls fly, still stuck to the Amoeba Boys.
Narrator says: "Where can they be taking them?"
Narrator says: "To the sun!"
Narrator says: "?"
Without warning, the girls deliberately melt the Amoeba Boys away.
Narrator says: "They're fryin' em' off!"
Narrator says: "The day is saved!"
The girls take to the sky.
Narrator says: "Watch out for another red-hot episode of "Whoopass Stew!"
The girls look at us and wave. They fly out of camera.
The End!