The Watterson House.
Banana Joe and Idaho are dressed up for Halloween and ring the doorbell of the Wattersons.
Richard says: "Ding dong!"
Banana Joe says: "Trick or treat!"
Idaho says: "Trick or treat!"
The doorbell is actually part of Richard's disguise, as he is camouflaged to blend in with the front of the house.
Richard says: "Trick!"
Banana Joe and Idaho run away in fear as Richard bursts into laughter, leaving their treats behind.
Richard says: "What the?"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "It's all raisins and granola bars!"
In the Watterson house, Gumball and Anais are seated on the couch; Gumball has a skeleton costume on, while Anais is dressed as a princess.
Gumball says: "Anais, it's supposed to be Halloween, not "Sugar-Coated Marshmallow Syrup Day"."
Anais says: "Everyone knows cute beats scary when it comes to scoring candy."
Anais says: ""Twick or tweat?"
Gumball says: "Eh, at least Darwin put in some effort."
Darwin says: "Dude, this isn't a costume."
Darwin says: "I'm terrified of Halloween!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais leave the house.
Nicole says: "And be careful, and be back at seven, okay?"
Nicole says: "Gumball, you're in charge, right?"
Gumball says: "Yeah yeah."
Nicole says: "They'll be fine."
Nicole says: "They'll be fine."
The Cemetery.
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais are walking through a cemetery.
Darwin says: "Taking a shortcut through a graveyard on Halloween is like wearing a kilt in a hurricane."
Darwin says: "It's just a bad idea."
Gumball says: "Relax, we're here."
Darwin and Anais' jaws drop.
Anais says: "You know, there's a few places where I wouldn't recommend asking for free candy."
Anais says: "Rat poison factories, abandoned hospitals, dimly lit cellars, but top of the list?"
Anais says: "Creepy graveyard houses."
A view of the graveyard house is shown; lightning strikes; a wolf howling is heard.
Gumball says: "We're not here for trick or treating."
Darwin says: "Then why are we here?"
Carrie appears in the foreground with a flash, her eyes closed.
Gumball says: "Carrie, we're over here."
Carrie sighs and reappears in front of them.
Carrie says: "'Cause on Halloween night, blah-blah-blah, all the spirits come to this desolate house for one..."
Carrie says: "reason..."
Gumball says: "To party!"
Darwin says: "How about we party right here, just the four of us?"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "We've come too far to turn back."
Gumball says: "We're on the doorstep of the swaggiest party of all time."
Gumball says: "So come on!"
Gumball says: "What do you say?"
Gumball says: "You with me?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Well, you have to because Mom put me in charge."
Darwin says: "Darn!"
Anais says: "This party's gonna be awesome!"
Carrie says: "I'm sorry, but this party isn't for babies disguised as cheesecakes."
Gumball says: "Yeah, she's right."
Gumball says: "You'd be cramping our style."
Gumball says: "You're just gonna have to hang out here."
Anais says: "Well, at least it can't get any worse."
A bolt of lightning is followed by rain and thunder. Anais crosses her arms in frustration.
Haunted House.
Gumball, Darwin and Carrie enter the large gloomy house.
Carrie says: "Okay, if anyone asks, don't tell them you're alive."
Darwin says: "Tell who?"
Gumball says: "Uh, sorry, you were a little too quiet on the second part."
Gumball says: "Are you doing this on purpose?"
Gumball says: "'Cause it's kind of annoying."
Darwin says: "Just tell us already!"
Darwin says: "Why, are we whispering, in an empty house?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Carrie says: "Oh just drink some of this potion and you'll see."
Carrie says: "It'll make you part ghost."
Carrie says: "But no more than a drop, understand?"
Gumball accepts the vial.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "You're too young to be drinking mysterious potions."
Gumball says: "Oh don't be a square."
Gumball says: "What's the worst that can happen?"
Gumball says: "Um, are you sure we're going to be okay?"
Carrie says: "As long as you only have one drop."
Darwin says: "See, that's the thing."
Darwin says: "Anything you can only have one drop of can't be good."
Darwin says: "They don't sell milk by the drop, do they?"
Darwin says: "They sell it by the GALLON!"
Darwin says: "Look at water; that's good for you, which is why it comes out of the FAUCET!"
Gumball flings a drop of the potion into Darwin's mouth, causing his pupils to dilate unnaturally.
Darwin says: "Ohhh..."
Gumball says: "I think I might give this potion a miss."
Darwin says: "I'm not going through this alone!"
Darwin forces Gumball's mouth open, and pours in a drop of the potion; Gumball gasps, his pupils dilating as well; a multitude of ghosts appear.
Ghost Party!
Gumball and Darwin says: "Awesome!"
Ghosts says: "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!"
Ghosts says: "Oh!"
One of the ghosts is headbanging to the music and accidentally flings its brain into a punch bowl on the table; the drink splashes a comatose, apple-shaped ghost.
Ghost with a hoodie says: "Dude, I think you had a little too much fun."
Worm inside the apple says: "No, he's always like that."
A muddy ghost bumps into a female ghost who is holding a cup, causing her to spill the drink on her shirt.
Female ghost says: "Hey, you got ectoplasm all over my top!"
It is shown that the female ghost has no body below her torso.
Muddy ghost says: "Well, it would have been hard to get it on your bottom."
The male ghost laughs until the female's disembodied legs kick him from behind. Elsewhere, a pixelated ghost is knocking on a door.
Pixelated ghost says: "Yo, you done yet?"
The pixelated ghost looks into the room, making the occupant scream. The pixelated ghost is slapped. A headless ghost that has bubbles coming out of a hole on its neck is conversing with a female ghost sitting on its lap.
Female ghost says: "You've got such a way with words."
Gumball and Darwin glare at Carrie.
Carrie says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Well, how come we can see you everyday, but we have to take a potion to see them?"
Carrie says: "Duh!"
Carrie says: "Because I was born a ghost."
Carrie says: "Come on, let's go meet some people."
Darwin says: "How does that work?"
Gumball says: "Duh!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "I don't know, actually."
They move to join the party and the doors close behind them. Outside, Anais is struggling to get off the branch.
Anais says: "I'm!"
Anais says: "so!"
Anais says: "going!"
Anais says: "to!"
Anais says: "get!"
Anais says: "into!"
Anais says: "that!"
Anais says: "partyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!"
Anais' dress rips and she falls into a well beneath her; she screams for an extended period of time before finally landing in water.
Anais says: "Dagnabbit!"
Ghosts Now.
Several ghosts greet Carrie as she floats by.
Carrie says: "Hi, guys."
Gumball says: "What's that stuff?"
Carrie says: "Duh!"
Carrie says: "It's ectoplasm."
Carrie says: "It's what ghosts are made of."
Gumball says: "I want some."
Carrie says: "Well, you can't."
Gumball says: "I want some ectoplasm!"
Carrie says: "You can't drink it!"
Nearby ghost says: "Chill out dude, there's plenty to go around."
Ghost leans over to hand a cup to Gumball.
Carrie says: "No!"
Carrie says: "No, don't!"
The cup goes through Gumball's hand and vanishes into the floor. The music suddenly stops as the ghosts turn to stare at them.
Ghost says: "Mortals!"
Gumball says: "Hey, d-don't worry man, I got the solution right here."
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Carrie said no more than a drop!"
Gumball says: "What's the problem?"
Gumball says: "Too square?"
Gumball and Darwin take turns drinking from the vial.
Carrie says: "What are you doing?!"
Carrie says: "!"
Gumball says: "Gimme that!"
Darwin says: "Gimme!"
Darwin says: "Gimme it!"
Carrie says: "S-Stop!"
Carrie says: "Are you insane?!"
Carrie says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin begin laughing, but stop when they turn into ghosts; their bodies collapse on the ground.
Carrie says: "Look what you've done!"
Carrie says: "You've completely turned into ghosts!"
Darwin says: "Which means I can finally do this!"
Darwin kisses Carrie, who blushes, and the party starts back up.
Ghosts says: "OHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "I can fly, I'm invisible!"
Gumball says: "I feel awesome!"
Darwin says: "You wanna go dancing?"
Gumball says: "Dancing?"
Gumball says: "We're ghosts, dude!"
Gumball says: "We can do whatever we like!"
Darwin says: "Let's get out of here and go NUTS!"
Gumball and Darwin fly out through the window and go to a gas station where Larry is asleep at the counter. They draw on his face until the Sheriff comes in.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hello Larry."
Donut Sheriff says: "You can put your hands in the air!"
Gumball and Darwin go to the Robinsons' house and posses a moose head mounted to the wall.
Stuffed moose head says: "Hey, Margaret."
It puckers its lips up and Mrs. Robinson drops the tray she was carrying, breaking the teacups. Mr. Robinson appears.
Gaylord says: "What is going on?"
Stuffed moose head says: "Nothing."
Mr. Robinson faints and Gumball and Darwin leave.
Tina says: "Trick or treat!"
Tina says: "That means give me your candy."
Gumball says: "You know what'd be fun?"
Gumball says: "Being a T-Rex."
Darwin says: "You take left, I'll take right."
They posses Tina, but have difficulty moving.
Gumball says: "Dude, it's way more complicated than it looks."
Darwin says: "Move the calves!"
Gumball says: "Yeah well, bend the knees man!"
Darwin says: "I am, I am!"
Tina begins to fall over.
Gumball says: "Put the hands out, put the hands out!"
Tina falls face first into the sidewalk.
Darwin says: "Come on, let's bail!"
Gumball says: "W-W-Wait, I gotta do a roar before we go."
Tina roars, and then Gumball and Darwin leave.
Banana Joe says: "Should we call a doctor, a vet, or a paleontologist?"
Midnight.
Back at the cemetery, Anais manages to climb out of the well. At the party, the headless ghost tries to touch the hand of the female ghost who was on his lap earlier, but she rejects him.
Female ghost says: "No!"
Female ghost says: "You broke my heart."
The headless ghost removes the heart from his body and offers it to her.
Female ghost says: "Oh!"
Female ghost says: "You're so romantic!"
Female ghost says: "I wish I knew where to kiss you."
A ghost with a basketball for a head is holding Gumball's body.
Basketball head ghost says: "Hey!"
Basketball head ghost says: "I found myself a couple of meat bags!"
Ghost says: "Fancy a dance?"
Anais says: "Guys!"
Anais says: "I'm here, let me in."
Anais sees Gumball and Darwin's bodies dancing and slapping each other.
Anais says: "What the?"
Anais says: "Okay..."
Anais goes into the house and sees the discarded vial on the ground.
Anais says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "What have you been drinking?"
Meanwhile, Gumball and Darwin are standing on a rooftop under a full moon.
Gumball says: "Dude, are you sure about this?"
Gumball says: "'Cause I don't think it's a good idea."
Darwin says: "Come at me bro!"
Darwin says: "Gimme your best shot!"
Darwin says: "I'm an immortal ghost, I'm not going to feel anything."
Gumball says: "Alright, you asked for it."
Gumball punches him and he spins around before falling down.
Darwin says: "I forgot you were a ghost too."
Carrie appears.
Carrie says: "There you are!"
Gumball says: "No, we're over here!"
Carrie sighs and teleports to them.
Carrie says: "What are you thinking?"
Carrie says: "It's nearly midnight!"
Darwin says: "Pfft, so what?"
Carrie says: "So if you don't get back to your bodies by the stroke of midnight, you'll remain ghosts forever."
Gumball screams, and then a tolling bell is heard.
Gumball says: "Let me rephrase that."
Ghost voice says: "All ghosts must return to the graves at midnight."
The ghosts from the party are returning to the cemetery.
Darwin says: "We need to find our bodies!"
Gumball says: "And Anais!"
Carrie says: "Wait!"
Carrie says: "That was the twelfth stroke..."
They look around and a hand comes out of the ground, grabbing Gumball's leg and making him scream.
Darwin says: "Does it hurt?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "No, but it's really cold and wet and its fingernails are dirty!"
Anais is heard screaming in the distance.
Anais says: "Help!"
The haunted house begins to crumble, with eerie light emanating from the cracks.
Gumball says: "Carrie, cover your eyes!"
Carrie says: "You do realize I can see through my hands, right?"
Gumball says: "Oh whatever!"
Gumball says: "I'll get Anais, you find our bodies!"
More ghost hands rise from the ground and they dodge them, but Darwin trips over a grave marker.
Darwin says: "Help!"
Carrie says: "I'll handle this."
Darwin says: "Thanks."
More ghost hands rise from the ground.
Darwin says: "AHH!"
Carrie says: "It's a little too early to thank me."
Carrie says: "Get ready to run."
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Carrie allows some ghost hands to pull her down.
Darwin says: "Carrie!"
Carrie says: "Don't worry, I belong to this world."
Carrie says: "They can't take me-  Just go!"
Darwin runs off, but a ghost hand stops him.
Darwin blows a raspberry into the hand and gets away while it is wiping off the spit. Gumball throws open the doors to the house.
Anais says: "Over here!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball rushes to Anais, who is being pulled down into a hole in the floor.
Gumball says: "I'm so sorry!"
Gumball says: "This is all my fault!"
Gumball says: "I'm your big brother and I should have looked after you and I love you so much!"
Anais says: "That's really touching Gumball."
Anais says: "BUT I'M KINDA BEING DRAGGED UNDERGROUND BY A CREEPY GHOST HAND RIGHT NOW!"
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Our bodies!"
Gumball says: "We've got no choice!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to jump and get them back, okay?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Okay!"
They dive into the swirling green portal. Outside, Carrie is yelling into the hole as it collapses in on itself.
Carrie says: "Come on guys, you can do it!"
Carrie says: "Come on!"
Carrie says: "Come on!"
The hole gets smaller and closes up entirely.
Carrie says: "No!"
Carrie says: "No-no-no!"
Carrie says: "No!"
Carrie says: "Noo!"
Carrie is left alone, until the ground starts trembling; Gumball, Darwin, and Anais are ejected from the hole that opens.
Ghost voice says: "No mortals allowed in the underworld."
The hole closes, then reopens for a split second, spitting Gumball's pants back out.
Carrie says: "Phew."
Gumball says: "Phew."
Darwin says: "Phew."
Anais says: "Phew."
Squealing tires are heard, and Nicole appears in Cartax. It crashes into a tombstone before stopping. Nicole gets out of the car, slamming the door hard enough to shatter its window.
Nicole says: "Words cannot describe how furious I am!"
Nicole says: "It's gone midnight!"
Nicole says: "What have you got to say for yourselves?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Darwin says: "We went trick or treating and then we took a shortcut."
Gumball says: "We went to a ghost party and it was supposed to be fun."
Anais says: "I didn't know what the potion was gonna do when I drank it!"
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Carrie suddenly realize something is wrong.
Anais says: "Here?"
Nicole says: "What happened to you?"
Gumball says: "Mom, don't freak out."
Gumball says: "Carrie can put us all back in our correct bodies."
Gumball says: "Right Carrie?"
Carrie says: "Um..."
The episode ends.