Bring Your Child to Work Day.
At the Wattersons' house, Gumball and Darwin watch their father vegging out on the couch.
Richard says: "Then at ten o'clock, I do this."
Richard says: "It's important to move every three hours or so."
Richard says: "Otherwise, the rat gets too bold, thinks you croaked and starts biting."
A rat shows up from its hole.
Richard says: "Not today, buddy."
A rat backs off going back to its hole.
Richard says: "At around noon, it's lunch, so I go like this."
He lazily eats a bowlful of cheese puffs resting on his chest.
Gumball says: "Okay, I think since it's Bring Your Child to Work Day in our class, we might want to choose another parent."
Gumball says: "What do you say, Mom?"
An exhausted, shriveled-up Nicole appears from a mountain of paper work.
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole enters the kitchen, takes a cup and a jar of coffee and puts a spoon of powder in the cup. She then takes out a water boiler but decides to directly pour all the water in the jar and ends up drinking it all in one gulp.
Darwin says: "But whyyyyy?"
Darwin says: "We wanna see the Rainbow Factory!"
Gumball says: "It'll be the best day ever!"
Darwin says: "Then, we'll see how the colors be mixed in the palette by dancing unicorns!"
Gumball says: "Then, we'll hear the singing of the orange munchkins as they churn it with their magic machines!"
Gumball says: "and then—"
Nicole says: "You only get an hour for lunch."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "That we have to share between fifty people."
Nicole says: "And I said, "No!"
The scene changes when Nicole goes to the bathroom then stares at herself on a mirror.
Nicole says: "I look like I've been thrown into space without a spacesuit."
Nicole takes a paintbrush and a paint can, but she throws away the brush and dips her face in blue paint and then re-draws her face using makeup.
Gumball says: "Please take us!"
Darwin says: "Please take us!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We'll pay you ten dollars."
Darwin hands Nicole a piece of paper.
Nicole says: "I said, "No!"
In her bedroom, Nicole takes out a uniform from her wardrobe and sprays it and herself with air freshener.
Gumball says: "But whyyyyy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Because the CEOs are coming down to decide whether to close down the factory and give everyone their pink slip."
Gumball says: "A pink slip?"
Darwin says: "A pink slip?"
Gumball says: "Like a magic ticket?!"
Darwin says: "Like a magic ticket?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "Yeah, a magic ticket to unemployment and depression."
Nicole says: "So, you guys are gonna stay with your father and do..."
Nicole says: "whatever it is he does."
Nicole fixes her briefcase.
Gumball says: "Ah, please."
Gumball says: "Hanging out with Dad on his work day is like watching a ripe avocado turn into guacamole with just the force of gravity."
Richard is shown melting on the couch, just like Gumball describes.
Nicole says: "If I'm much later, I'll be back for dinner before I get to work!"
Gumball hands Nicole her briefcase from the door.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Your briefcase!"
Nicole says: "Oh, boy!"
Nicole says: "Thank you, sweetheart."
At the Rainbow Factory.
Nicole enters the office of the Rainbow Factory.
Nicole says: "Good morning, gentlemen."
Nicole says: "I'm so sorry I'm late."
Nicole says: "I worked all night on these figures, and I can assure you there's absolutely no need to close the factory."
Shareholder says: "We are the shareholders."
Nicole says: "Oh, sorry, right."
Nicole says: "And you are?"
Shareholder says: "Objects, Watterson."
Shareholder says: "They're inanimate objects."
Nicole says: "Right."
Shareholder says: "Now, please, give us the stats."
Nicole says: "Oh, yes, of course."
As soon as she opens her briefcase, Nicole sees her sons and closes it immediately.
Shareholder says: "If you're not back in two minutes, we'll move your desk to a bathroom stall."
Nicole says: "I know you mean that as a threat, but as we're not allowed to take bathroom breaks, it would technically be an improvement."
Nicole pours the two out of her briefcase.
Nicole says: "Give me those!"
Gumball picks up her documents.
Nicole says: "Are you kidding me?"
Nicole says: "How on Earth could you be in there?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "You handed me the briefcase yourself!"
Gumball says: "Yes, but from the inside."
A flashback reveals Gumball giving Nicole the suitcase from the inside of the briefcase.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Your briefcase!"
Nicole says: "Oh, boy!"
Nicole says: "Thank you, sweetheart."
Gumball slips his arm in the briefcase, ending the flashback.
Nicole says: "I'm going back to the meeting!"
Nicole says: "Meanwhile, you're going to stay here and touch nothing!"
Nicole says: "Have I made myself clear?"
Nicole stares at their feet touching the floor.
Nicole says: "I said, "Nothing."
Gumball and Darwin float. Nicole's documents spill out of her briefcase as she leaves. He and Darwin step back down.
Gumball says: "Oh, no."
Gumball says: "She dropped some important stuff, giving us the perfect excuse to look for her and check out the factory in the process."
Darwin says: "But she told us to stay here."
Gumball says: "Darwin, all it takes for bad things to happen is for good people to do nothing."
Darwin says: "I don't think we count as good people."
Gumball says: "Then, all it takes for good things to happen is for bad people to do something."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Uhhh."
Darwin says: "Uh, no."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "I'm totally convinced."
Gumball and Darwin smile at each other.
Gumball and Darwin open a door of the factory and start singing and dancing around.
Gumball​ says: "Let's find out how they put these magic colors in the sky!"
Darwin says: "With unicorns and pixies, candy cane and apple pie!"
Darwin says: "But now, I'm sure it's magical, so who we gonna ask?"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Hey!"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet!"
Gumball and Darwin pick up two pipes and use them as dancing canes, they then approach one of the workers.
Are you elf or are you gnome?
Gumball says: "And is this color made from lemonade and fairy dust?"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Hey!"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet!"
Gumball and Darwin dance away from him.
Darwin says: "I must admit, that guy back there did not fill me with magic."
Gumball says: "In fact, he made it sound as if his job was pretty tragic."
Gumball and Darwin then arrive at a much more magical looking side of the factory.
Darwin says: "But look, there's elves on tricycles and fountains of molasses."
Gumball says: "Unless it's a hallucination caused by toxic gases."
The hallucination snaps and Gumball drags away a still dazed Darwin.
Darwin says: "Led, lorry, lellow, greeny, bludigo, and violet!"
This job still has its perks.
Like, for example... Uh... Sighs.
You know the walls have ears.
A security camera stares at them.
Don't wanna end up stuck all night, like poor old Mr. Frears!
Jeff is shown to be very exausted and ends faiing asleep on the pipes and getting rolled up.
Darwin says: "Where are all the roly-poly imps in dungarees?"
Gumball says: "Instead, it's tears and bitterness and awful salaries."
Darwin says: "We thought it would be full of fun and colorful rainbows."
Gumball says: "Instead, it's gross and gray, and let's be honest, it just blows."
Gumball and Darwin throw away the pipes and walk out of the door.
Don't Press the Button.
The shareholders murmur with each other in Nicole's meeting.
Shareholder says: "What about blinking time?"
Nicole says: "Uh, what about it?"
Shareholder says: "Well, every second spent blinking is one less second doing the job."
Shareholder says: "I suggest we ban it."
Nicole says: "Ban blinking?"
Nicole says: "That's impossible."
Shareholder says: "Then I suggest we reduce it by seventy-five percent."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "How?"
Shareholder says: "Like this."
Nicole says: "Uh..."
Shareholder says: "Okay, just spitballing here, but how about, instead of the employees having to spend so much time going home to look after their own children, they just share one massive child to save on cost?"
Nicole says: "Wh—"
Nicole says: "what about the other children?"
Shareholder says: "Feed them to the big one, group our assets, maximize value, Watterson!"
Nicole says: "But sir, some of our employees are quite attached to their children."
Shareholder says: "I don't care!"
Shareholder says: "The only people I've got pictures of in my wallet are Washington and Benjamin—"
Shareholder says: "my two sons."
The shareholder takes out a wallet with a photo of three pig children, with the youngest being erased with a marker.
Nicole says: "Ohh."
Nicole says: "That's so funny."
Nicole says: "I thought you were gonna heartlessly show me a couple of dollar bills."
Nicole says: "They're very cute, sir."
Shareholder says: "I was about to say there was a third one—"
Shareholder says: "Hamilton."
Shareholder says: "He was fired for going over budget."
Shareholder says: "Only two hugs a day."
Shareholder says: "He knew the rules."
Gumball and Darwin show up and display Nicole's papers in secret.
Shareholder says: "To be honest with you, this inspection is irrelevant, since we've already decided to move the factory to another country where workers aren't always whining about..."
Nicole says: "Get back."
Shareholder says: "..."
Shareholder says: "like basic human decency, access to direct sunlight, women's rights, men's rights, dental plans, or desks."
Nicole says: "Go away."
After a series of misunderstandings, Gumball and Darwin think they should press the button.
Shareholder says: "..."
Shareholder says: "All of this is to say, we're shutting this place down."
Nicole says: "Wait, what?"
Nicole says: "You're shutting this place down?"
Gumball and Darwin mistake her gesture and press the button.
Nicole says: "No, no, no!"
The Button Incident.
Pigments explode around the factory. The soulless office worker writes to say 1 accident-free day but gets knocked out by the gases. A splash of color corrodes the board, engraving a "0." The alarm buzzes.
Shareholders says: "What's going on here?!"
Shareholders says: "!"
Nicole says: "Just give me a couple of minutes and I'll..."
Nicole says: "Okay!"
Nicole says: "A couple of seconds!"
Gumball and Darwin enter the office.
Gumball says: "Um, Mom."
Gumball says: "I think you can stop the meeting."
Gumball says: "There's not much left of the factory you can save."
Shareholder says: "Children in the workplace!"
Shareholder says: "What is this, every other factory I own?"
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, sir, but there's no time to discuss this now."
Nicole says: "We need to evacuate the premises at once."
Nicole says: "This gas is extremely tox..."
Hallucinations appear.
Nicole says: "All in favor of adjourning this meeting, say "Aye."
All says: "Aye!"
All evacuate the meeting room.
Shareholder says: "I'm a wealthy man!"
Shareholder says: "This isn't how it's supposed to end!"
Shareholder says: "I'm supposed to croak alone in my mansion, surrounded by all the expensive things I wasted my life buying while my children fight over their inheritance!"
Nicole says: "Look, the exit!"
Nicole says: "Hurry up!"
The hallway turns distorted, with Nicole ending up squeezing her head through the shrunken door. In a dark void, a firefighter appears alongside a goat.
George says: "Come on!"
George says: "Get on the magic goat and play the banana!"
Nicole says: "Wait, what?"
A traffic guard blocks their way, and as soon as they hit him, Nicole wakes up in the office.
Nicole says: "What happened?"
A flashback reveals everyone passing out from the toxic gases.
Nicole says: "All in favor of adjourning this meeting, say "Aye."
All says: "Aye!"
Nicole says: "Why isn't this working?"
The button turns out to be a hallucination of the shareholder's nose. The shareholder and Nicole scream, causing Nicole to repeatedly press his nose.
Shareholder says: "Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!"
Shareholder says: "Okay, I promise not to close the factory and no more budget cuts."
Shareholder says: "All right, ten more days vacation, and a raise for everybody!"
Shareholder says: "Thank heavens everyone's out cold and didn't hear that."
The shareholder moans and passes out. Nicole notices the override button at the other side of the room.
Nicole says: "Darwin."
Nicole says: "Darwin, wake up."
In his dream, Darwin cartoonishly dances around. His shoe rings, and Darwin picks it up.
Darwin says: "Hello?"
Nicole says: "Wake up!"
Nicole says: "Wake up!"
Darwin wakes up and groans.
Nicole says: "Go and press the button."
In Gumball's dream, he and Penny are floating in space. Just as they're about to kiss, Darwin's foot comes out of Penny's mouth and kicks Gumball in the face. He wakes up, sounding out slurred mumbling.
Darwin says: "Push the button."
Gumball, with grunts and groans, scoots to the wall and climbs it, using his bruised "suction cup" eyes and pressing the button with his tongue.
The Factory Is Saved.
The factory's destruction is overridden. Rainbows shoot out of the smokestacks. Inside, Gumball and Darwin are thrown up into the air by a crowd of celebrating workers.
The factory's not ablaze.
Ten more days vacation, and we even got a raise.
We skirted unemployment and a future on the skids.
Thanks to Mrs. Watterson and her two weirdo kids!
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, hey!
Gumball and Darwin glance at each other, smile, and fist bump. The episode ends.