The Entertaininator.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin in their bedroom. There is something draped under a sheet.
Darwin says: "What is it?"
Gumball says: "It's my greatest invention!"
Gumball says: "I call it..."
He unveils it.
Gumball says: "The Entertaininator..."
Darwin says: "The Entertaininator?"
Gumball says: "No no no, you– you have to do the voice."
Darwin says: "Alright, well, I think  seems to be a bunch of junk taped together."
Gumball says: "No, dude, it's the ultimate boredom annihilator."
Gumball says: "Tailored to the need of a modern child's attention span, which happens to be zero-point-eight seconds."
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Sorry, what was that?"
Darwin says: "I got distracted by–  oh, look, a shoe!"
Gumball says: "Dude, just check this out..."
Gumball says: "Video game, comic book, RC helicopter, ping-pong!"
Gumball says: "When I get hungry I..."
Gumball says: "You get the idea."
A loud blast throws them to the side as their parents and Anais burst into the bedroom, breaking the door on the way. They glare at Gumball and Darwin. They both get up from the floor.
Gumball says: "Whatever it is we did, we didn't do it!"
Nicole says: "Well, someone has definitely taken twenty dollars from my purse!"
Gumball says: "So?"
Gumball says: "Could've been Anais."
Nicole says: "If it was her I wouldn't have known about it, it had to be someone dumb enough to think I wouldn't notice!"
Nicole says: "And it couldn't be your father  because his fingers are too fat!"
Richard says: "And someone's been using my toothbrush!"
Richard says: "And it can't be your mother or Anais because I've tasted theirs and the flavors don't match!"
Anais says: "Yeah, and someone-  Someone stole Daisy the Donkey!"
Anais says: "I can't go to the museum without her!"
Anais says: "It's two for one!"
Gumball says: "Well, it wasn't me."
Darwin says: "Me, neither."
Nicole says: "Boys, come with me!"
Gumball and Darwin follow Nicole out of their bedroom.
Nicole says: "Go to your room!"
Nicole says: "You're not coming out of there until one of you owns up!"
Gumball says: "Aww..."
Nicole says: "That means no TV."
Gumball says: "Aww!"
Darwin says: "Aww!"
Nicole says: "No Internet."
Gumball says: "Aww!"
Darwin says: "Aww!"
Nicole says: "And you miss out on the trip to the museum!"
Nicole sighs and puts the door back on the hinges and slams it. Then she, Anais, and Richard go off to the car, and drive off.
Who Stole the Stuff?
Gumball says: "It was you, wasn't it?"
Gumball says: "You took the money!"
Darwin says: "Trying to throw it onto me, huh?"
Darwin says: "That sounds like the action of a guilty person!"
Gumball says: "News flash, buddy,  this nose can smell a lie."
Darwin says: "Well, so can I!"
Gumball and Darwin both sniff all over each other. They then breathe in really hard and suck each other towards themselves, slamming their faces on each other and falling.
Gumball says: "Okay, clearly it wasn't either of us so this can only mean one thing."
Darwin says: "It was all a dream..."
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "We've been ghosts this whole time..."
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "Dude?"
Gumball says: "Darwin, no!"
Gumball says: "It means  someone snuck into our house and took the money..."
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Darwin says: "No, I meant  The Entertaininator is gone!"
They both gasp.
Gumball says: "This can only mean one thing..."
Darwin says: "One of us is a figment of the other one's imagination..."
Gumball says: "No, dude!"
Gumball says: "It means..."
Gumball says: "that someone is still here."
Gumball and Darwin scream.
Gumball says: "We need to call the police!"
Hide!
Gumball and Darwin come running down the stairs. Darwin hides under the table and Gumball runs around.
Darwin says: "We need to hide!"
Darwin says: "He could be anywhere!"
Gumball says: "Let's go to the bathroom, it's got a lock on the door!"
The duo run around the living room, stretching the phone's cord everywhere. Then both come rushing into the bathroom. Gumball hurriedly dials the police while Darwin closes and locks the door.
Donut Sheriff says: "Elmore Police?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, help!"
Gumball says: "There's someone in my house!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I see..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Are you in the house right now?"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Then that someone is you!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Case solved."
Donut Sheriff says: "You're welcome!"
The Doughnut Sheriff hangs up, and in a nearby crime statistics chart, he draws from the increasing line a line straight down to zero. Gumball dials again.
Donut Sheriff says: "Elmore Police."
Gumball anxiously waits on the other line, frightened.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "Someone cut the phone line!"
Gumball and Darwin open the door, and look down the stairs. They both watch as the phone cord shakes vigorously, then the phone's base launches towards Gumball's face, closing the door in the process.
Darwin says: "What do we do?"
Gumball gets up with the phone stuck to his face.
Gumball says: "Open your eyes wide, open your mouth wide, casually wave your hands in the air, and follow me."
They do as Gumball says, and walk calmly out of their house.
Darwin says: "Wait."
Darwin says: "Where are we going?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "There's nowhere else to go."
Gumball says: "I mean this is our house."
Darwin says: "Then let's take it back!"
Hunting the Intruder.
Gumball and Darwin walk back inside, frantically punching the air in front of them. They walk to the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Okay, dude."
Gumball says: "Grab a weapon."
Gumball tests a rolling pin. He tests it out by slowly striking it through the air twice. He then shakes his head, throws it behind him and takes a grater. He tests it by slowly grating the air. He shakes his head again, throws it behind him and picks up a mixer. It spins around, making a loud noise. He nods to Darwin.
Darwin says: "What if he grabbed it and turned it against you?"
Gumball says: "Well, what would you suggest?"
Darwin takes a sausage from the fridge and slowly slashes the air in front of Gumball.
Darwin says: "Hi-ya!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're right."
Gumball says: "That's definitely better."
Gumball says: "What the what!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball sees that that the food and the shelves in the fridge have disappeared.
Gumball says: "When did the refrigerator become so shallow?"
He slides the wall of the fridge, revealing a hidden compartment. Gumball gasps to Darwin and opens it fully. The hidden compartment is filled with food.
Gumball says: "W-what?"
Gumball says: "Why would a burglar do something like that?"
Darwin says: "He's been living here for months."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Oh, wait, actually– yeah, you're right this time."
They hear footsteps upstairs, and whimper. Gumball boldly emerges from the kitchen, and Darwin hands him the sausage. As he goes upstairs, dripping and heavy breathing can be heard. Then the camera turns to the point of view of someone behind Gumball, advancing towards him heavily breathing.
Gumball says: "Could you stop breathing down my neck?"
Gumball says: "The situation's tense enough."
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Gumball reaches for the handle of the bathroom. As he does this, Darwin makes a tune until Gumball stares at him. Gumball opens the bathroom, and Darwin continues his tune and ends it with a scream.
Gumball says: "Dude, there's no one in there."
Darwin says: "But if there had been, it would have been appropriate."
A tall figure dashes behind them. Gumball and Darwin rotate their heads three hundred and sixty degrees, going pale.
Gumball says: "You can do the music now."
Darwin does another tune.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "We know this guy's been living here for a long time, so…?"
Gumball says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Uh I don't know."
Darwin says: "I just wanted to contribute."
Darwin imitates him.
Gumball says: "–have a secret hideout in the house."
Darwin says: "–the house."
Gumball says: "–to find the secret hideout is by accident."
Darwin says: "–accident!"
Gumball leaves, weirded out by Darwin. Darwin follows him downstairs.
Gumball says: "You'll find, my friend, that when you're looking for a secret passage you'll often discover it when you least expect it."
He bumps into a bookshelf. When nothing happens, he bumps the shelf repeatedly until a vase falls on his head.
Gumball says: "Or, by taking a much deserved rest on this seemingly normal chair."
Gumball seats on a chair, and leans on it.
Gumball says: "Which will turn out to be a lever for an underground tunnel–!"
The chair falls backwards. Gumball gets up quickly and walks to the unicorn painting.
Gumball says: "Or what about this painting?"
Gumball says: "What secrets may be hiding ne-e-e–!"
Gumball tilts the painting, and it falls, and he repeatedly tries to catch it. The painting then lands sideways on his feet, crushing them.
Gumball says: "Aw!"
The painting then falls fowards, shattering its front on the floor.
Darwin leans on the side of the staircase, and pushes open a hidden door, falling through it.
Gumball says: "Just like that."
Gumball goes down into the dark basement. It is so dark only Darwin's eyes can be seen. Another one then appears.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Thanks for coming, dude."
Darwin says: "I would have needed a clean pair of legs if I was here by myself."
Two other eyes appear.
Gumball says: "No worries, bro."
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "I think I hit my head a little too hard."
Darwin says: "It's like I'm seeing double… well more like one and a half."
Darwin says: "Wait a minute."
Darwin says: "Close your right eye."
The eye to the right disappears.
Darwin says: "Now, close your left eye."
The right eye disappears, leaving Darwin's own pair of eyes and the middle eye.
Darwin says: "I think he's here!"
Gumball says: "What!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball turns on a flashlight. The other eye turns out to be a reflection in a lamp. Gumball sighs in relief.
Gumball says: "I guess he's not."
With his flashlight he scans the room, and sees a meal, the stolen money, toothbrush, Daisy the Donkey, and The Entertaininator.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "My."
Gumball says: "Gosh."
Gumball says: "Imagine how much value this room would add to the house."
Darwin says: "Oh, sure."
Darwin says: "For sale: two bedroom house, spacious backyard, eating kitchen, and a horrifying dungeon for creepy strangers to hide in!"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Now that you mention it, it is kinda grim."
Gumball says: "I mean how desperate do you have to be to live in some moist dark hole, sleeping on a mattress made out of disease, eating a bowl of leftovers–  Wait."
Gumball says: "This food… it's hot."
A tall figure full of static flashes behind Gumball and Darwin as they slowly look up at him. Gumball turns the flashlight to the one-eyed static figure. All of them scream at each other. The Wattersons scream again and then stop. The static cyclops screams once more and runs out of the house.
The Chase.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Come back!"
Gumball and Darwin chase after him. The cyclops stops running and looks back.
Gumball says: "That really wasn't much of an explanation!"
The cyclops screams again and runs away.
Gumball says: "I think he's more scared of us then we are of him."
Darwin says: "Let's run less scary!"
The cyclops looks back and sees the duo running towards him, smiling creepily.
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "AH!"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Get away from me, you creepos!"
Gumball and Darwin follow suit. The cyclops grabs a rake from the Fitzgerald's house gets over the next fence with it. Darwin uses a shovel from the same place, and is launched backwards when he tries to use the shovel as leverage. Gumball uses the Fitzgerald's net and succeeds, breaking the fence in the process. The brothers continue their pursuit. On the way, they encounter Harold on a lawnmower.
Gumball says: "This is an emergency!"
Gumball says: "I'm commandeering this vehicle."
They move Harold off of the vehicle, and ride it. However, the lawnmower's speed is very slow.
Harold says: "Could you do the patch on the left there?"
They mow the said part, and slowly ride over the fence through a ramp.
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "This is taking me ages."
They hop down and run off-screen. The lawnmower eventually hits the ground and explodes on impact shortly after.
Gumball says: "He's heading for the mall!"
Gumball pushes through a line of people, making the citizens in line angry.
Gumball says: "Get out of the way!"
He makes it past the line, and sees that Darwin is already there.
Darwin says: "He's getting away."
Gumball says: "I've got this."
Gumball says: ""Ketch" this "up"!"
The ketchup hits the windshield of Gary's car. This makes him drive into the store in front, temporarily stalling the cyclops. The car explodes.
Gumball says: "Uh…  To be "frank," you got no "furter" to go!"
He throws the sausage. Tina walks to Joyful Burger but slips on the sausage and falls in the way of the cyclops's path.
Gumball says: "Eh…  You "mustard" mit… there's no escape."
Gumball throws it. It hits a truck's window, and this causes George's trailer to fall in front of the cyclops.
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Okay, okay!"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I surrender."
Darwin says: "Hm."
Darwin says: "Nice trail of destruction."
Gumball says: "To be honest, I'm more ashamed of the puns."
Identity Revealed.
Scene cuts to the cyclops being placed on a bench by Gumball.
Gumball says: "Alright, dude."
Gumball says: "Why were you hiding in our house?"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Because there is no place for me in this world."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Because I am nothing."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Because I have no reason to exist."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "I meant why were you hiding in our house specifically."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Oh."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Uh, 'cause you're the only people in this town thick enough not to notice."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "You guys had a whole room you didn't even know about."
Gumball says: "Oh, you know what else is thick?"
Gumball says: "Your mom's chin!"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I don't have a mom."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "I meant your mom's skin."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I still don't have a mom."
Darwin says: "Quit saying mom."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "I meant your fun twin."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I don't have any siblings either."
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Darwin says: "Gumball, please just stop."
Darwin says: "So, what happened?"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I can't remember."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I have nothing left of who I was."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I'm… nobody."
Gumball says: "Well, maybe it isn't that bad."
Gumball says: "I mean there's a lot of people who like to start over and reinvent themselves."
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Really?"
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "Who would I be?"
Darwin says: "You could be the cool slacker guy who only lives for kicks!"
Rocky says: "Sorry, dudes."
Rocky says: "That's taken."
Gumball says: "Well, you could be the town clown."
Banana Joe passes by, eats a cupcake, and laughs.
Darwin says: "You could be like the feeble hypochondriac."
Teri passes by. Gumball sighs, and unintentionally blows her away.
Gumball says: "Uh, the vegetarian hippy guy!"
Mr. Small walks by them.
Darwin says: "The grumpy old neighbor!"
Mr. Robinson passes by them.
Gumball says: "The rich one!"
Masami appears, then floats away.
Darwin says: "The school jock!"
Tobias smugly walks by.
Gumball says: "The store clerk!"
Larry walks by.
Darwin says: "The mechanic!"
Another Larry walks by, with a tire.
Gumball says: "The video guy!"
Another Larry walks by in video store wear.
Darwin says: "The pizza guy!"
Larry walks by with pizza.
Gumball says: "The burger guy!"
Larry walks by in burger store uniform. Gumball sighs as all the Larrys walk away.
Gumball says: "Or the guy who walks around with no pants on!"
Darwin covers his legs and blushes.
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Gumball says: "Sorry man, all of the good personalities are taken."
Darwin says: "What about a bad one?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "There's no bad guy here!"
Gumball says: "You could be our mortal enemy!"
Darwin says: "You could be like the worst guy the world has ever made."
Upon hearing the last two words, the cyclops's eye opens wide, the words echoing in his mind which fades into Mr. Small's voice. Then the screen goes black.
Intruder​​​​​​ says: "I remember."
The scene then fades into a flashback to the events of "The Void".
As Gumball and Darwin fly around in the void, a blue-skinned, non-static Rob is seen frantically waving to them outside the Watterson's early designed house.
Rob says: "Guys!"
Rob says: "Guys, over here!"
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "I was one of the world's mistakes."
Darwin says: "It's Molly's treehouse!"
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "But you only cared about Molly."
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "You saved her, and you left me there to rot."
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "But I clung to life!"
Rob is shown clinging to the back of Janice as Gumball, Darwin, Molly, and Mr. Small escape the Void. Small parts of him tear away back to the void, revealing static.
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "And I came back..."
Gumball says: "What were we talking about again?"
Mr. Small drives away.
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "..."
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "but at a cost."
Rob is then ejected from the void, now appearing much different than before.
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "You left me disfigured."
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "A nobody."
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "But now you've given me a part to play in the world."
The scene goes back to the present, showing a vengeful Rob.
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I will be your worst nightmare."
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I will destroy everything you care about!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I will take away everyone you love!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I will be your nemesis!"
Gumball says: "Huh, cool."
Gumball says: "Glad we could help."
The episode ends with Gumball and Darwin walking away contently from Rob who disappointedly looks after them.