Walking in the School Hallway.
The episode starts at Elmore Junior High. Gumball is walking in the school hallway. Colin and Felix come around the corner and start screaming at the sight of Gumball. Gumball screams in return, looking around him in confusion as to why he should be screaming.
Colin and Felix continue screaming as they rush to Gumball and rip some of his sweater apart.
Felix says: "See, I told you it wasn't his costume; it's part of his molecular structure, as shown in Issue twenty-seven."
Colin and Felix walk away and put down the sweater pieces.
Gumball says: "What the whatting what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Molly says: "Save me!"
The camera cuts to the bottom of the stairs; Molly is at the top of the stairs.
Molly says: "Like you saved the president in issue nineteen!"
Molly jumps down the stairs, landing on Gumball; he splats into the nearby lockers.
Molly says: "Of course!"
Molly says: "If you did save me, you would reveal your true identity."
Molly says: "Your secret's safe with me, LaserHeart."
Molly kisses Gumball's cheek and runs off. Gumball's face, now a goopy substance, falls off of the locker and onto the floor in surprise.
Cut to later. Gumball is walking through the hallway, glancing around for anyone.
Banana Joe says: "Hey, Gumball!"
Banana Joe says: "What a p-laser to see you!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Banana Joe says: "I'd love to laser around chatting, but I have to get to h-art class."
Banana Joe says: "See you, laser!"
Gumball starts walking away from him, giving him a questioning look. Tobias walks by.
Tobias​ says: "Dun dun."
Tobias​ says: "Da-dun dun."
Gumball starts jogging.
Leslie​ says: "Dun dun."
Carmen says: "Dun dun."
Masami says: "Dun dun."
Leslie​ says: "Da-dun dun."
Carmen says: "Da-dun dun."
Masami says: "Da-dun dun."
Leslie​ says: "Dun dun."
Carmen says: "Dun dun."
Masami says: "Dun dun."
Leslie​ says: "Da-dun dun."
Carmen says: "Da-dun dun."
Masami says: "Da-dun dun."
Gumball starts running, and later, screaming.
Colin says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Felix says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Rainbow Octopus says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Juke says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Bulldog says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Teri says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Jared says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Clayton says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Carrie says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Clare says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Bobert says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Anton says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Nigel Brown says: "Dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaa daaaaaaa daaaa dun da-daaaa da-da-da-da daaaaa!"
Idaho says: "Ba-ba-ba-bum."
Who Is LaserHeart?
Gumball rushes around a corner where Darwin and Sarah are standing. He looks back, panicked.
Gumball says: "Who the derp is LaserHeart?"
Sarah says: "You are!"
Sarah says: "You're a superhero, whose special power is your optimistic heart!"
Darwin says: "You inflict justice and bad dialogue on the villains of Elmore, you're anatomically incorrect, and this is your costume."
Darwin takes an issue from Sarah and holds it up. Its cover displays an adult, humanoid hero flying and looking over a city. The hero hardly looks like Gumball, merely having thin blue fur and very small cat ears. He is dressed in a Batman-like costume, the color scheme consisting of pink and purple, with a very midriff-bearing top that has a glowing, pink heart on it.
Gumball says: "But that's..."
Darwin says: "Extremely revealing?"
Darwin says: "Profoundly disturbing?"
Darwin says: "Medically impossible?"
Gumball says: "That's..."
Gumball says: "AWESOME!"
Sarah says: "I know, right?"
Sarah says: "I made it myself!"
Gumball says: "How?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sarah says: "I learned from this book!"
Sarah says: "How to Draw Superheroes."
Sarah holds up How to Draw Superheroes. The cover shows Chuck Klein at his desk, drawing a superhero comic.
Sarah says: "then more muscles!"
Gumball says: "It's like looking in a mirror!"
Sarah says: "And all the stories are based on your life!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, like the time you saved the school from that plague of giant insects."
Flashback to Gumball nervously swiping the air towards a bee as Darwin watches. As the bee flies towards Gumball, he flinches and screams. After it makes its way out of the nearby window, Gumball slams it shut. End of flashback.
Darwin says: "Or that time you saved the ice caps from melting."
Flashback to Gumball disposing a soda can by throwing it into a recycling bin at Elmore Shopping. End of flashback.
Darwin says: "Or when you traveled through time."
Gumball is about to flashback, but is interrupted by Darwin.
Darwin says: "No need to flashback, you were just sitting in front of a ticking clock."
Gumball says: "Nah, I remember all that, in Sarah's version it's pretty much how it went down."
Darwin says: "really?"
Superhero-movie like music starts playing.
Gumball says: "Darwin, you can be anyone you want in this world."
Sarah smiles excitedly.
Hero to Superhero.
Cut to later, at the Wattersons'; Gumball and Darwin's room. Gumball is looking in a mirror, wearing a crude LaserHeart costume consisting of a torn tank top, Gumball's underpants, rubber gloves, pink thigh boots, a purple ski mask, and a purple cape.
Gumball says: "Weird, it looks super heroic in the comic, but in reality it looks more like super naked."
Darwin says: "It's still not as weird as Sarah cosplaying as herself."
The camera zooms out to show Sarah also wearing a make-do costume simulating her own head, body and legs.
Sarah says: "This costume is too hot."
Sarah takes off her costume head; the real one is stuck inside. She shakes it out, letting it fall onto her body, a disfigured mess. She looks at the costume one and tosses it away.
Sarah says: "And anyway, it looks nothing like me."
Darwin says: "That girl's got issues."
Sarah says: "You're right!"
Sarah says: "I've got every issue!"
Darwin says: "This is super pathetic."
Darwin says: "You're no superhero."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "At the moment, I'm just a regular hero, but all that, is about to change!"
Gumball looks upwards. Darwin and Sarah glance upwards as well, and as they glance back down the second time, they realize Gumball has disappeared.
Sarah says: "He's gone!"
Darwin says: "More or less."
Helping Out a Fellow Neighbor.
Outside the Wilsons' house, Gumball, still in his cosplay, is glaring at someone and throws back his cape.
Gumball says: "Not so fast, punk."
Harold​​​​​​ says: "What?"
The camera zooms out. Gumball is several meters away from Harold.
Gumball says: "Hang on, it's really hard to project in that voice."
Gumball starts to climb Harold's car, straining to get a good grip as Harold watches questioningly. When Gumball manages to get on the roof, striking a pose as doing so, he slowly and awkwardly slides onto the back hood.
Harold​​​​​​ says: "What do you want?"
Gumball says: "Do you have any idea how easy it is to choke a swan?"
Harold​​​​​​ says: "Uh..."
Harold​​​​​​ says: "Pretty easy, I guess, why?"
Gumball says: "Because one tiny piece of plastic from your trash can end up in a lake and get lodged in a swan's beautiful throat."
Harold​​​​​​ says: "I wasn't gonna throw it in the lake, I was gonna throw it in the trash can."
Gumball gets off Harold's car and puts his arm around Harold.
Gumball says: "Have you ever considered how beautiful this world is, and what untold damage your trash could do?"
Harold​​​​​​ says: "No, not recently."
Gumball says: "Then let me show you."
Gumball says: "Come, take my arm."
Gumball and Harold trot along the sidewalk as wondrous music plays. Gumball is pretending to be flying with Harold, with Harold believing it as he covers his eyes, then gazes around in wonder.
Harold​​​​​​ says: "Thank you, LaserHeart."
Harold​​​​​​ says: "Can you take me home now?"
Gumball leads him back to the front of his house.
Harold​​​​​​ says: "Wait, I am home, and you can't fly."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but that still doesn't mean you shouldn't recycle."
Gumball grabs the trash bag and chucks it across the road, aiming for the recycling bin. Instead, the bag lands on the windshield of Gary's car, speeding by. Gary screams as he swerves into a power line pole, which sparks and falls, setting fire to every other power line, and soon enough, an entire mountain, frightening three horses in the distance.
Harold opens his mouth to say something, but when he looks around, he notices Gumball has disappeared. He shrugs at the camera.
Bringing Justice Upon the Park.
Cut to Elmore Park.
Charile-Ann says: "Where's my ball?!"
Charile-Ann says: "!"
Billy says: "Suzy, I've told you, I know not its whereabouts."
Gumball says: "Come over here."
Charlie-Ann stops weeping as she and Billy walk closer to the tree.
Gumball says: "Like, two more feet."
The two children move even closer to the tree.
Gumball says: "N-no, wait, back up a bit."
The children step back slightly.
Gumball says: "Alright, cool."
Gumball lands heroically and grabs Billy.
Gumball says: "WHERE IS THE BALL?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Charlie-Ann runs away and shrieks.
Billy says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "WHERE IS THE BALL?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Billy says: "Suzy lost it, I swear!"
Gumball says: "SWEAR TO ME!"
Billy says: "I just did!"
Charile-Ann says: "I found it!"
Gumball says: "Please stop crying."
Billy continues to sob as Gumball looks around anxiously.
Gumball says: "Hey, hey, uh- let's play Monkey in The Middle!"
Gumball says: "I'll be the monkey!"
Once Gumball grabs him again, Billy stops crying.
Gumball says: "PLAY WITH ME!"
Cut to Gumball, Charlie-Ann, and Billy merrily playing Monkey in The Middle as Darwin and Sarah watch from a bench. Sarah glances from the game to the sketchbook in her hands as she draws. Billy tosses the ball at Gumball's face, pulling down his ski mask over his eyes and mouth. Billy tosses it at Gumball's face for a second time.
The camera zooms in on Darwin and Sarah. Darwin looks at what Sarah is doing. The camera then shows the cover issue Sarah is drawing, which displays LaserHeart pushing back a meteor from crushing two frightened citizens.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Stopping an asteroid?"
Darwin says: "He can't even catch a ball!"
Gumball says: "You're more of a downer than a depressed parachute, buster!"
Darwin says: "Now you're even making bad comic book jokes."
Gumball says: "So what?"
Darwin says: "So, superheroes are lame; they wear their underpants on the outside, they have stupid names like "Manatee Man", and have pointless powers like a super tongue or an elastic butt."
Darwin says: "The only people into them are fedora-wearing neckbeards and I want nothing to do with it."
Sarah says: "I should probably take you out of the comic, then."
Darwin says: "Wait, what?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm in it?"
Sarah says: "Yeah!"
Sarah says: "You're The Smooch, LaserHeart's sidekick."
Sarah shows Darwin the cover of Issue 37 of LaserHeart that displays The Smooch running through the streets at night.
Sarah says: "You kiss people to make them feel better."
All of a sudden, Darwin, dressed in a cosplay of The Smooch, lands near the bench from somewhere above.
Sarah squeals in excitement.
Taking Action and Producing More Comic Issues.
The screen twists in a superhero-esque manner, with accompanying action music. Cut to a neighborhood, a cat is stuck on a tree branch. Gumball and Darwin try to get to it by climbing, however, as they inch closer to the cat, it gets closer to the end of the branch, and as the cat jumps onto the nearby car to safety, the branch whips back, catapulting Gumball and Darwin. The camera shows Issue 62 of LaserHeart, where LaserHeart and The Smooch save a tiger kitten from an erupting volcano.
Cut to a dentist's office, where Sarah's teeth are about to be drilled as Gumball and Darwin read magazines in the waiting corner. The camera shows Issue 41 of LaserHeart, where LaserHeart and The Smooch break into a building where Sarah's damsel-in-distress counterpart is tied up and threatened to be amputated by a large, whirring saw.
Cut to a backyard, at night. Gumball scribbles a heart symbol onto the lens of a flashlight with a pen and shines it onto a wall to see the effect. Instead of showing the entire heart symbol, half of the light shines onto something else, displaying only the top part of the heart. Dr. Butt notices the signal, and, thinking it is his symbol being flashed, tears off his regular clothes to reveal his red-and-yellow schemed superhero costume. When he arrives where Gumball and Darwin are standing, Gumball adjusts the flashlight to shine the entire shadow on the wall. Dr. Butt walks away disappointed, making a sad fart. The camera shows Issue 45 of LaserHeart, where someone is shining a LaserHeart signal into the sky.
Scene changes to Gumball, Darwin, and Sarah walking in the park at night.
Sarah says: "Are you sure we should be at the park at night?"
Gumball says: "That came out a bit wrong."
A strange figure appears in front of them.
Strange figure says: "Give me my wallet."
Gumball says: "Uh, sure, where is it?"
Strange figure says: "In your pocket!"
Gumball says: "What?"
They all get scared and Darwin starts smooching but Gumball covers his mouth.
Sarah says: "LaserHeart, do something!"
Gumball gives the strange figure his wallet. The person takes the money out and runs away. Sarah starts to run away.
Darwin says: "Sarah?"
Gumball's eye start to well up and he takes off his costume walking away dumping it in the garbage. They appear on the steps of their house sitting down.
Darwin says: "Should we call the police?"
Gumball says: "Tell them what?"
Gumball says: "That we were dressed up as eastern European pop-stars and got mugged for seven dollars by a shadow?"
They both look down sadly. Sarah pulls up the comic in front of them and smiles.
Gumball says: "Sarah, please, just stop."
Sarah says: "Just read it."
Gumball sighs and opens the comic.
Reading the Comic.
Gumball says: "I'm so glad you guys are still friends despite fighting for my affections?"
Gumball and Darwin look at her.
Sarah says: "What?"
Sarah says: "It's fanfiction, there's bound to be a bit of shipping."
Gumball turns the page as the scene changes to the comic's pages.
Sarah says: "Aah, what a pleasant evening in the park."
The shadow figure suddenly appears, giving a roar.
Gumball says: "Onyx!"
Gumball says: "I should've known."
Darwin says: "Don't worry, LaserHeart, I got this!"
The Smooch attempts to charge Onyx, but ends up getting beaten up.
Gumball says: "The Smooch!"
Onyx says: "Now for the girl!"
Onyx grabs Sarah.
Gumball says: "Sarah!"
Onyx says: "A-ha!"
Onyx grabs LaserHeart's optimistic heart. LaserHeart yells.
Sarah says: "LaserHeart!"
Onyx tries to take away LaserHeart's optimistic heart while laughing.
Gumball says: "It was a trick!"
Gumball says: "?"
Onyx says: "Yes."
Onyx says: "I only pretended to attack your beautiful fiancée to get your most important weapon."
Scene goes back to reality.
Darwin says: "His bizarre over-developed nipple-less pecs?"
Sarah says: "No."
Scene changes to the comic.
Onyx says: "Your optimistic heart!"
Onyx says: "Without its light, my shadow can take over the world, and there is nothing you can do without your superpower!"
Gumball says: "Wrong."
Gumball says: "I'm still totally stacked!"
Onyx says: "I cannot compete with your mighty bulk, but I can run!"
Onyx runs away with LaserHeart chasing him. Then, LaserHeart is in the city, trying to catch Onyx while making slightly odd body shapes. The scene returns to reality.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I don't think a body can make those shapes."
Gumball says: "Onyx took his heart, not his spine."
Sarah says: "Just keep reading."
Scene zooms back into the comic. LaserHeart lands on a building while Onyx is hiding.
Onyx says: "The fool will never find me."
Onyx gets interrupted when LaserHeart lifts up the wall he was hiding in.
Gumball says: "I hope I'm not..."
Gumball says: "Onyx-spected!"
Scene goes back into reality.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on."
Onyx says: "Without your laser heart, you cannot defeat me!"
Onyx punches LaserHeart, then LaserHeart punches him back. This is looped over and over for a bit. The scene goes back to the trio with Gumball staring at her with contempt.
Sarah says: "Yeah, the issue was running short, so I photocopied those frames to pan out the fight scene."
Onyx and LaserHeart punch each other a bit more. Then, LaserHeart is about to punch Onyx, but stops. Onyx is confused, but then gets blown by the punch, sending him off the skyscraper. However, LaserHeart grabs Onyx.
Onyx says: "Why would you save me!"
Onyx says: "?"
Gumball says: "Because I have hope..."
Gumball says: "Hope that someone as dark as you can see the light."
Onyx says: "Well, you were WRONG!"
LaserHeart loses his strength, but uses all of it to lift Onyx back up onto the building. LaserHeart is weak, while Onyx is laughing. Darwin screams.
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "I got caught up in the drama."
Darwin says: "Please continue."
Scene changes back to the comic.
Onyx says: "Where is your hope now, LaserHeart?"
Darwin says: "Right here!"
Due to this, LaserHeart's powers return.
Gumball says: "My powers have returned."
Onyx says: "How?"
Onyx says: "I crushed your heart!"
Gumball says: "Fool, anything is possible with..."
Gumball says: "THE POWER OF OPTIMISM!"
LaserHeart's heart shoots out a laser at Onyx, destroying him.
Onyx says: "NOOOOO!"
LaserHeart lands softly.
Gumball says: "I guess he should've put on some sunscreen."
The comic ends with LaserHeart and The Smooch laughing. The shot then cuts back to reality with Gumball, Darwin and Sarah laughing as well.
What Goes Around Comes Around.
Gumball says: "Thanks, Sarah."
Gumball says: "You really taught me something today."
Darwin says: "That even in this darkest hour, a true hero always has hope."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but more importantly, what goes around, comes around."
The strange figure is seen trying to break into Richard's car with Nicole behind him. Nicole taps his shoulder, and punches him, ending the episode.