Back to Pre-School.
The episode opens at the Elmore Junior High School. It is early in the morning, and classes have yet to start. Yawning, Principal Brown enters the teacher's lounge and flips the light switch. He screams, scattering the stack of papers he is carrying, as his fur stands on end. On the other side of the room, Miss Simian is shown displaying an unsettling grin.
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, what's wrong with your face?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm smiling, isn't it obvious?"
Nigel Brown says: "No, it looks like you're trying to eat your own chin."
Lucy Simian says: "How about this?"
Nigel Brown says: "Uhh..."
Lucy Simian says: "This?"
Nigel Brown says: "Ugh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm."
Lucy Simian says: "I just lack practice."
Nigel Brown says: "Why are you trying to smile anyway?"
Lucy Simian says: "I found it."
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, let's not jump to conclusions."
Nigel Brown says: "It could be any Principal Brown on that FBI warrant."
Nigel Brown says: "It's a common name."
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm?"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, um..."
Nigel Brown says: "Listen, I'm not a furry."
Nigel Brown says: "I just wanted to know what I'd look like with a tail."
Lucy Simian says: "What?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "What else have you been hiding?"
The hair on the back of his head parts, revealing a pale, humanoid face.
Face says: "She knows!"
Face says: "Finish her now before she tells all the others!"
Nigel Brown says: "So what is it that you found, exactly?"
Lucy Simian says: "What is the one thing that would improve the quality of life of everyone in this school by a thousand percent?"
Nigel Brown says: "Money?"
Lucy Simian says: "Better."
Nigel Brown says: "More money?"
Lucy Simian says: "Even better."
Nigel Brown says: "Real food in the vending machines?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
The screen turns to an empty vending machine with sheets of paper on it that have images of food on them.
Lucy Simian says: "No!"
Lucy Simian says: "Even better!"
Lucy Simian says: "I was looking through Gumball Watterson's records, and he failed a test in kindergarten."
Lucy Simian says: "His grade point average is void!"
Nigel Brown says: "Um, what is that?"
Lucy Simian says: "Dancing."
Nigel Brown says: "Hmm."
Nigel Brown says: "Looks like you're trying to shake out a tapeworm."
Lucy Simian says: "Come on, join in!"
Nigel Brown says: "See, this is how you do it."
Nigel Brown says: "Mmm-hmm."
Nigel Brown says: "Work it."
The school bell rings. Gumball is seated at a desk in his classroom, reading a textbook. Unbeknownst to him, the entire desk, himself included, is carried from the room and into the hallway. Upon arriving outside, he becomes aware of his surroundings just before Miss Simian dumps him face-first onto the sidewalk.
Gumball says: "Gah!"
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What did I do wrong?"
Lucy Simian says: "Look at this question on the test you did seven years ago."
Lucy Simian says: ""I go to the store and buy ten hotdogs, nine burgers, three bags of chips, and six sodas."
Lucy Simian says: "If I eat nine hot dogs, seven burgers, three bags of chips, and drink five sodas, what do I have?"
Lucy Simian says: "" You answered, "No self-control."
Lucy Simian says: "" That was not the correct answer."
Lucy Simian says: "Which means your GPA is one point short."
Lucy Simian says: "Do you know what that means?"
Gumball says: "Uh, Gumball's Peruvian antelope?"
Lucy Simian says: "What?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "No!"
Lucy Simian says: "It's grade point average, and it means you're going back to kindergarten."
Miss Simian grins as Gumball gets shocked.
First Déjà Vu.
Nicole pulls up outside the kindergarten in her car. Apprehensive, Gumball exits the vehicle and closes the door.
Nicole says: "Well, have a great..."
Nicole says: "second, first day at school, honey."
Gumball sighs, covering his face with his hands. When he lowers them, he is greeted by unfettered chaos in the form of toddlers. In unison, they notice his presence, the all-too-brief hush that follows signaling both the beginning and end of his respite. Against a backdrop of perpetual screaming, there is little he can do save weather the onslaught. Ears and fur tugged mercilessly, forcibly fed play-doh and toilet paper, covered in glue, glitter, and even food. He suffers through it all. At the end of the nightmare, he makes it home to his family, confiding in them while they are gathered by the dinner table.
Gumball says: "They just waddle around with their pants down, grabbing everything they see and putting it in their mouths, even if it's a part of your anatomy."
Gumball says: "They get into fights for no reason and end up crying and hugging."
Gumball says: "Then they just go on slurring unintelligible nonsense, until they pass out wherever they feel like it."
Gumball says: "They're like..."
Gumball says: "They're like..."
Gumball says: "British tourists."
Anais says: "All I'm hearing, is that not only do you not have homework, but while we were stuck in lessons, today you got to play with toys, took two naps, and won good-boy points whenever you made it to the bathroom on time!"
Gumball says: "What are you trying to say?"
Anais says: "Stop going on about how good your day was."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Anais says: "Thank you, finally!"
Gumball says: "No, I mean you're right."
Gumball says: "My day was awesome!"
Gumball says: "I just need to get rid of my inhibitions."
Next day at kindergarten, Gumball is seated on the floor with several of the kids. Straining, he reaches into the side of his head and plucks out what appears to be a small piece of his brain. As he tosses it on the floor, his face adopts an innocent, child-like appearance.
Octopus Kid says: "Eww."
Octopus Kid says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "My inhibitions."
Octopus Kid says: "Your what?"
Gumball says: "Oh, allow me to explain."
Gumball demonstrates by waving his arms, spouting gibberish, and drawing on his face with a crayon. He then removes his pants, puts them over his head, and runs into a bookshelf. The kids cheer, and begin to emulate his behavior.
Gumball says: "Hey dude, got some TP?"
Kayvon’s hand emerges from the next stall and sticks a roll into his mouth.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Next, he is by an easel and in the process of painting something.
Gumball says: "A little over there."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "It needs more yellow."
Gumball says: "There."
Charlie-Ann, now multi-hued from head to toe, squeals happily. Out at the playground, Gumball slam-dunks a basketball into a net only a few feet off the ground, and celebrates with the other youngsters.
When Apes Cry.
Meanwhile, at the junior high, Miss Simian opens the door to Principal Brown's office. She finds him at his desk, weeping in front of a laptop. His fur is drenched in tears.
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel, what's wrong?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "You look like a biscuit that's been dunked."
Nigel Brown says: "I've been crying."
Lucy Simian says: "Why?"
Nigel Brown says: "I watched this video of an orangutan saving a baby bird from drowning."
Lucy Simian says: "Why?"
Nigel Brown says: "To remind myself that apes are not just terrifying creatures that bite people's fingers off when they lose it."
Lucy Simian says: "Why?"
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, right now I'm talking to you as Nigel Brown, your kind, supportive partner."
Nigel Brown says: "The man you've loved for years who would never hurt you, and a man you would never hurt."
Lucy Simian says: "Go on."
Nigel Brown says: "But that man is also the school principal, and it's his duty to inform you that by putting Gumball in kindergarten, you're one student short of the school board's targets and if he's not back in your class by Friday, you're fired!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm."
Nigel Brown says: "Really?"
Nigel Brown says: "That's so sweet of you—"
He screams as she tightens her grip and starts gnawing on his fingers. Back at the preschool, Gumball is lying on the floor, surrounded by toddlers, during naptime.
Timmy the Frog says: "Gumball, why is air invisible?"
Gumball says: "Because scientists thought it was too ugly to look at, and no one would want to breathe it in."
Octopus Kid says: "Gumball, where do clouds come from?"
Gumball says: "From bird flatulence."
Polly says: "Gumball, where does rain come from?"
Gumball says: "It's the moon's eyes watering from all the bird flatulence."
Lucy Simian says: "Psst!"
Gumball sits up as Miss Simian opens the front door, then approaches her.
Gumball says: "Ugh, what do you want?"
Lucy Simian says: "Shh!"
Lucy Simian says: "They'll hear."
Gumball says: "Meh, maybe."
Gumball says: "But as long as we use words with multiple syllables, there's no way they'll understand."
Gumball says: "What is it anyway?"
Gumball says: "You've already demoted me to kindergarten."
Gumball says: "Where next, my mom's belly?"
Lucy Simian says: "Do you wanna get back to your old class?"
Gumball says: "No way, I love it here!"
Gumball says: "Everyone looks up to me."
Gumball says: "I mean, mainly 'cause of the height difference, but it's still a good feeling."
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
Lucy Simian says: "How can you enjoy it here?"
Gumball says: "It's a world of scheduled nap times, optional pants, and food you don't need to chew."
Lucy Simian says: "You just described a retirement home."
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "I get to retire without ever having a job!"
Gumball says: "Ahh, I love this place."
Lucy Simian says: "Okay, I gotta level with ya."
Lucy Simian says: "If you don't come back, I'm fired."
Gumball says: "As if I needed more reasons to stay here!"
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "W-What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "It's weird."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm crying."
Gumball says: "It looks like you're trying to lay an egg with your face."
Gumball says: "Please stop."
Her face contorts into other unnerving expressions.
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Gumball says: "Okay fine, I'll come back!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ah, thank you."
Gumball says: "Please!"
Gumball says: "I said I'd come back!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm not doing anything."
Gumball says: "Ohh, that's your normal face, isn't it?"
Teaching Cheating.
Miss Simian and Gumball travel to the school library.
Lucy Simian says: "The only problem is you need to pass a test in order to prove you belong in my class."
Lucy Simian says: "So, you're gonna have to study like you've never studied before."
Gumball says: "Let's go!"
Rock music plays in the background while Gumball collects different textbooks.
Lyrics says: "Gotta think big, think deep."
Lyrics says: "Pretty soon you'll make that quantum leap."
The song ends abruptly, and he stares blankly at a grade eight math book.
Lucy Simian says: "So?"
Gumball says: "What do I do?"
Gumball says: "I've literally never studied before."
Lucy Simian says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "All these years of teaching you?"
Lucy Simian says: "Just go to your mind palace or whatever, and try to remember how to study."
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll try."
As he delves into his mind, the room around him fades to black. After a short struggle, his entire body is compressed into a small rectangular block.
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm."
Lucy Simian says: "More like a mind cupboard."
Lucy Simian says: "Okay Watterson, time to roll up your sleeves."
Gumball says: "What, more work?"
Lucy Simian says: "No, roll up your sleeves so I can write the answers on your arm."
Gumball says: "But that's cheating!"
Lucy Simian says: "Yeah, but if you rearrange the letters in the word teaching, what do ya get?"
Gumball says: "Uhh, eting..."
Gumball says: "cha?"
Lucy Simian says: "What?"
Lucy Simian says: "No!"
Lucy Simian says: "Cheating."
Gumball says: "But isn't that wrong?"
Lucy Simian says: "Only if you get caught."
Lucy Simian says: "Look, when I was your age, I cheated too."
Gumball says: "What the what right now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "I scribbled the answers on the cave wall."
Gumball says: "Ohh, so that's what cave paintings are."
Gumball says: "Okay, what's the best way for me to cheat?"
Lucy Simian says: "In your case?"
Lucy Simian says: "Every way."
Dishonor Student.
Gumball is sitting at a desk in a barren classroom. Principal Brown hands him an exam paper.
Nigel Brown says: "Right, Watterson."
Nigel Brown says: "You have one hour."
Nigel Brown says: "Begin."
Outside, Miss Simian climbs a ladder that she leans against the window. Her and Gumball exchange a thumbs-up.
Lucy Simian says: "Okay, plan A."
Gumball says: "Mm-hm."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "I can't read it."
Lucy Simian says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "It's all backwards."
Gumball says: "I wrote it in front of a mirror."
Lucy Simian says: "Okay, plan B."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "It goes dark when I close my eyes."
Lucy Simian says: "Just pull on them!"
Yanking on his upper eyelids, he studies their interior.
Lucy Simian says: "Watch out!"
She ducks below the window as Gumball releases his eyelids, causing them to snap into place.
Nigel Brown says: "What is going on here?"
Gumball says: "Just, uh..."
Gumball says: "visualizing my answers?"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh."
Nigel Brown says: "I've always wondered what that would look like from the outside."
Nigel Brown says: "Carry on."
He returns to his desk, and Miss Simian comes back up.
Lucy Simian says: "Plan C then."
Gumball says: "Mm-hm."
Tied to one of Gumball's teeth, is a string that leads down his throat. He tugs on it, and his lower body folds up like an accordion.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Lucy Simian says: "Pull harder!"
He does as asked, and some of his innards fly toward Principal Brown. When they splatter against the blackboard behind him, he briefly glances up from his magazine.
Nigel Brown says: "Hmm?"
Gumball says: "I hope that organ wasn't a vital one."
Lucy Simian says: "Next plan."
Gumball says: "Uh, sir?"
Nigel Brown says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "Can I use the bathroom?"
Nigel Brown says: "Mm."
Gumball leaves for a little while, then goes back to his desk.
Lucy Simian says: "So, did you use the notes we left in there?"
Gumball says: "Yep."
Lucy Simian says: "Ah, good."
Gumball says: "But I have to say, I prefer two-ply paper."
Gumball says: "It's softer."
Lucy Simian says: "What the?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "Okay, next plan."
Lucy Simian says: "Use the water bottle."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah, thanks!"
Lucy Simian says: "I meant the label, read the label!"
Gumball says: ""Recycle after use."
Gumball says: "" Oh, of course."
Lucy Simian says: "Use these!"
Gumball says: "I can't read that."
Lucy Simian says: "Don't worry, I've got this."
Miss Simian lifts a magnifying glass up in direct sunlight, inadvertently igniting the paper.
Lucy Simian says: "Never mind!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'll write the answers on the window."
She tries to fog up the glass with her breath, but it is not very effective.
Lucy Simian says: "Dagnabbit, it's too hot outside."
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson, you have five minutes remaining."
Gumball gasps and Miss Simian reappears outside.
Lucy Simian says: "I'll just mime it."
Lucy Simian says: "First answer, the birth of Venus."
Gumball says: "That's not really necessary!"
Gumball says: "I can hear you!"
Lucy Simian says: "Good point."
Lucy Simian says: "Question two—"
Gumball says: "Oh, we don't have time for this!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna do it myself!"
Lucy Simian says: "What?"
Lucy Simian says: "No, you can't!"
Lucy Simian says: "You're only one IQ point away from being a vegetable!"
He lowers the blinds, then sits down again.
Lucy Simian says: "Question three, question three!"
Gumball says: "Okay, here we go."
Passing Muster.
The exam finally over, Gumball and Miss Simian are waiting anxiously outside the classroom. Before long, Principal Brown exits the room with a stern expression.
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, Watterson, I've marked your test, and I've got some bad news."
Gumball takes the test paper and gasps.
Nigel Brown says: "I'll see you back in eighth grade tomorrow."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Lucy Simian says: "You got an A-plus?"
Lucy Simian says: "But how?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Gumball says: "Must've been all the time we spent going over it."
Lucy Simian says: "Wait, so you actually—"
Gumball says: "Yes, I actually learned something."
Nigel Brown says: "And a pleasure to keep you with us too, Miss Simian."
Lucy Simian says: "Ah, good job, Watterson."
Lucy Simian says: "I guess you didn't need me after all to help you chea..."
Lucy Simian says: "oose your pen for the test."
Principal Brown glares at them suspiciously.
Gumball says: "Yeah, it really helped."
Gumball says: "It meant I could focus and didn't need to cheat like you did in the eighth grade."
Lucy Simian says: "Ah!"
Nigel Brown says: "Hmm..."
Gumball facepalms. Cut to the next day. The school bell rings, and Gumball is once more in his old class. Working on an assignment, he looks over to his left and catches Miss Simian trying to copy from him. He covers up his paper, and she turns away, sighing unhappily. The episode ends.