First Sight of the Misunderstandings.
An unkempt Gumball is snacking on chips. The home phone starts ringing.
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Penny says: "Gumball, are you coming or what?"
Gumball says: "But- but I thought you said we were gonna meet at dinner!"
Penny says: "Yeah, we're having lunch at Dinner, the new diner that's just opened."
Gumball lets out a loud, high-pitched shriek that shakes the phone on the other line.
Penny says: "Uh, hello?"
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah, yeah, sorry, I thought you said we were going to meet at the mall, not your house."
Penny says: "I am at the mall."
Penny says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Me too!"
Gumball says: "I- I can't see you though."
Penny says: "Really?"
Penny says: "Where are you?"
Gumball is frantically putting his pants while going down the stairs.
The phone cord untangles and his body splats against the wall, leaving his clothes by the door.
Penny says: "Gumball, you do realize I called you on your home phone."
Gumball says: "This is a voice message I left for you in case you called."
Gumball says: "Please leave your message after the beep."
Gumball says: "Beep!"
Penny pops out her eye from the phone.
Gumball says: "I'll be there in ten."
Penny says: "Good."
Gumball runs to the door and puts on his pants and sweater quickly.
Darwin says: "Is it happening?"
Darwin says: "Are they wiggling?"
Gumball walks out the door.
Darwin says: "Wha-- Wait a second!"
Darwin says: "I jus- I just had it!"
Darwin says: "You gotta see!"
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah."
Darwin says: "What do you mean you wanna buy a new pair of fruit bikinis but you're not sure if the milk is off?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "That's what you just described with your hands."
Gumball says: "Ok."
Gumball says: "First, you don't have ears."
Gumball says: "And secondly, this is what people do when they wanna get out of a conversation without being mean."
Darwin says: "Well I think it's a little bit confusing."
Gumball says: "How is this remotely confusing?"
Gumball says: ""I'm late, I gotta go, I gotta hurry, I might call you but I definitely won't."
Richard crashes at a street light.
Gumball says: "Dad?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "It's your fault."
Richard says: "You said go back, and keep going, and I'll call you when you get too close to the lamppost, which I thought was a bit weird."
Darwin says: "See, dude."
Darwin says: "Those signals are pretty easy to misinterpret."
Gumball says: "Fine, interpret this."
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "You bought a timeshare in a lighthouse with watermelon paper?"
Misunderstandings Through Journey to the Mall.
Gumball is running down the street.
Banana Joe says: "Hey man, wanna hang out?"
Gumball says: "Hey Joe."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, I really can't talk right now."
Banana Joe says: "Should we just sing instead?"
Gumball says: "Dude, I didn't have time for this."
Gumball says: "I really gotta go."
Banana Joe says: "Number one or number two?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Eww, no."
Gumball says: "Look, I don't wanna be rude but I need to leave."
Gumball says: "Follow me?"
Banana Joe says: "Got it."
Gumball walks slowly past Joe but realizes he is following him.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "What?"
Banana Joe says: "You said "follow me"."
Banana Joe says: "I thought we were doing a walk and talk."
Gumball says: "Dude, I don't have time to talk!"
Gumball says: "Am I clear?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball starts walking again, but Banana Joe walks after him.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Just me walking."
Gumball says: "For you, there's no walking and no talking!"
Gumball says: "Alright?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball starts walking, but Banana Joe is somehow following him without moving his legs.
Gumball says: "That was a- uh."
Gumball says: "Actually that was too impressive for me to be mad."
Gumball says: "But I'm gonna be as specific as I possibly can."
Gumball says: "You stay here and don't do anything."
Gumball says: "I will go to the mall, and see you later."
Gumball says: "Okay?"
Banana Joe inhales and salutes in agreement, Gumball starts running away, but Joe starts turning purple due to the lack of oxygen. Gumball running back to Banana Joe.
Gumball says: "You can breath though."
Gumball keeps running, until the Hobo stops him.
Hobo says: "Excuse me."
Hobo says: "I don't want any money, all I want is a moment of your time."
Gumball says: "Sorry, time is the one thing I don't have today."
Hobo says: "Got any money then?"
Gumball says: "F-for what?"
Hobo says: "To get my yacht waxed, of course."
Gumball says: "What?"
Hobo says: "Heh-heh-heh, just kidding it's for new gold faucets in my mansion."
Gumball says: "Uhhhhhh..."
Hobo says: "Still joking, it's for cosmetic surgery,  I want fuller lips."
Gumball says: "U-uhhhhh..."
Hobo says: "IT'S FOR FOOD OBVIOUSLY!"
Gumball says: "A-ha, I'm sorry, I've got ten dollars, but I need to buy lunch for my friend."
Hobo says: "Oh, I see clearly we're not friends, huh?"
Gumball says: "Well, no."
Gumball says: "Not really."
Hobo says: "Look at you, my lord, with your big eyes and your pants."
Gumball says: "Wait, are you saying you're only wearing a trench coat right now?"
Hobo says: "I don't know."
Hobo says: "Am I?!"
Hobo says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh I see, sarcasm."
Gumball says: "Look, don't be angry."
Gumball says: "We can still be friends."
Hobo says: "But not lunch friends."
Gumball says: "Look, I pro- I-I don't have the time right now, but I promise I'll buy you some food later at dinner."
Gumball says: "How's that?"
Hobo says: "It's a date."
Gumball says: "Are you being sarcastic again?"
Hobo says: "Can't you tell?"
Gumball says: "Mhm..."
Hobo says: "Hm?"
Hobo says: "Hm?"
Gumball says: "I think."
Calling Out Cat-Calling.
Cut to the Construction Men making comments about passersby, as if harassing them.
Steve says: "Hey."
Hank says: "Hey sweetie."
George says: "Hey."
George says: "Hey, cupcake."
Hank says: "Hey."
Steve says: "Hey, cupcake."
Steve says: "Hey, kid."
Hank says: "Hey."
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
George says: "YOUR HEAD IS MASSIVE!"
Hank says: "Good job, guys."
Gumball says: "Hey, hey, you know what?"
Gumball says: "NO."
Gumball says: "I'm in a serious hurry, but someone needs to take a stand here!"
Gumball says: "So, in the name of all your victims..."
He blows a raspberry while making what appears to be a rude gesture with his fingers.
Hank says: "I have no idea what that means, but it looks extremely insulting."
George says: "Is it a Vulcan gang sign?"
Gumball says: "I don't know what it means either, but that'll teach you for making fun of my head."
Hank says: "What?"
Hank says: "But we meant it as a compliment."
George says: "A big head means a big brain."
George says: "You must be very intelligent."
Gumball says: "Well, when you shout weird stuff  it scares people."
Steve says: "So what should we do to make people feel good?"
Gumball says: "Try a softer approach."
Gumball says: "And keep your compliments simple, you're not doing too well with specifics."
Hank says: "Uh, okay."
Hank says: "How about..."
Hank says: "Nice."
Gumball says: "That just went from uncomfortable to unacceptable."
Gumball says: "Uh, maybe just stick to a friendly gesture."
Steve says: "Oh, I got it!"
Steve says: "Hey."
Gumball says: "Stop, stop, stop!"
Gumball says: "Maybe just a simple smile."
The construction men all make creepy faces.
Gumball says: "You guys really need to get out more."
Hank says: "You're right!"
Hank says: "We need to hang out with some other people."
Hank says: "But where?"
George says: "The mall?"
The construction men chat in agreement.
Gumball says: "Definitely not the mall."
Gumball says: "That's where I'm going."
Steve says: "Schools?"
Gumball says: "U-uh..."
Gumball says: "Alright, the mall."
Gumball says: "Okay I gotta go now."
Gumball says: "I don't even know why I've been standing here for so long."
George says: "Because you're standing on concrete?"
Gumball is now stomping across the street with blocks of concrete on his feet. Richard pulls by in the car.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Need to remember!"
Richard says: "Your mom sent me to the store to buy one thing: "We're out of fruit."
Richard says: "Just get the fruit and you won't get in trouble," she said."
Richard says: ""Just remember Richard, buy the fruit."
Gumball says: "Perfect!"
Gumball says: "Can you drive to the mall?"
Gumball says: "It's on the way to the grocery store."
Richard says: "Sure can, watch me go!"
Gumball says: "Why does no one understand me today?!"
Gumball says: "!"
He kicks angrily at the traffic light, freeing his feet from the concrete. The pole falls right next to him - to his relief - but catapults the nearby trash bags directly onto his head.
Wrong Directions.
The scene changes to show a group of Shape People walking around. One of them is holding a map, they seem to be lost. Gumball runs straight into the map.
Gumball says: "Okay, where do you wanna get to?"
Gumball says: "Alright, so take a right, then continue for a block, and it's on the left after the town hall."
Gumball says: "Got it?"
Ed says: "Did you say left or right?"
Gumball says: "Take a right, continue for a block."
At the Mall.
Annoyed, Penny looks at a watch, waiting for Gumball to arrive.
Gumball runs into the mall. He spots Penny and raises his hand as Jeff Benson runs an auction in the background.
Jeff says: "That's forty-five, for the little blue man in the back."
Gumball says: "What?"
Jeff says: "It's all for a good cause."
Jeff says: "We're trying to end hunger today, not tomorrow just today, it's a small town you know?"
Jeff says: "But let's get back to business."
Jeff says: "Do I have fifty-five?"
Jeff says: "fifty-five?"
Jeff says: "Need some fifty-five."
Jeff says: "Fifty-five for the little blue man!"
Jeff says: "And now I've got sixty-five."
Jeff says: "Seventy-five for the blue man!"
Jeff says: "Now come on, we need a hundred."
Jeff says: "Need a hundred."
Gumball shakes his head and shrugs at Jeff.
Jeff says: "A very slight move with the head, that's a hundred for the little blue man!"
Jeff says: "Going once, going twice, SOLD!"
Gumball says: "NOOOOO!!!!"
Jeff says: "For a hundred cents, that's a dollar, well done everyone."
Gumball says: "Huh, a dollar."
He walks in the diner to join Penny.
Penny says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "I'm so sorry, it's just- Everyone is being completely useless today."
Gumball says: "It's impossible to communicate!"
Banana Joe says: "Hi!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, just a second."
Gumball says: "What are you doing here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "You said: "I will go to the mall, and see you later."
Banana Joe says: "" So here I am!"
Gumball says: "Just order something, I'll be right there."
Banana Joe says: "Okay!"
Banana Joe says: "Two pizzas and a milkshake, to share please."
Gumball says: "Not you, gosh darn it!"
Suddenly, a wolf whistle is heard off-screen.
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me?"
Gumball leaves the diner to find the Construction Men.
Gumball says: "What do you want?"
George says: "You told us to come to the mall."
Hank says: "Yeah, and we thought about what you said before."
Hank says: "You were right, pretty creepy."
Hank says: "But we've changed our ways."
Steve says: "How's this to brighten your day?"
The construction men surround an uncomfortable Gumball, leaning in as they speak.
Steve says: "Your face is perfect."
Hank says: "Your eyes are full of life."
George says: "Your fur is so soft."
Gumball says: "Right!"
Gumball says: "That sounds like the last thing the victim hears in a horror movie."
Gumball says: "Why don't you guys just find someone as weird as you to practice on?"
Gumball says: "Someone who..."
Gumball says: "Oh, wait a minute."
Gumball pushes Banana Joe in front of the men, and forces them to look at him. He then runs off.
George says: "I like your skin."
George says: "It fits you like a glove."
Banana Joe says: "Thank you."
Steve says: "You must work out."
Banana Joe says: "Okay!"
George says: "Wait, what?"
Banana Joe says: "Wait for what what?"
George says: "What?"
Banana Joe says: "What what?"
Hank says: "The what before the what?"
Banana Joe says: "What?"
Construction Men says: "Ow!"
Gumball walks in the diner again, this time the Hobo is waiting for him.
Penny says: "Hurry up, my parents are picking me up in ten."
Gumball says: "Just-  Just start without me, I'll be right there."
Hobo says: "Who is that?"
Gumball says: "What are you talking about?"
Hobo says: "Here I am all done up for our date, and what do I see?"
Hobo says: "You've been two-timing me!"
Gumball says: "Are you being sarcastic again?"
Hobo says: "Do I sound sarcastic?!"
Hobo says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Jeff says: "Hey, little blue man."
Jeff says: "You need to pay and get your prize for the auction."
Gumball says: "Fine, what's the prize?"
Jeff says: "A kiss!"
Gumball says: "Okay, you know what, whatever."
Hobo says: "Come on, you!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "so!"
Gumball says: "Where were we?"
They are interrupted again, this time by Ed from earlier. He strikes poses while threatening Gumball.
Ed says: "You dishonored my family!"
Ed says: "You mocked my language, and questioned my courage, and you showed me your thumbs, which is culturally insensitive to my people, so now I will crush you!"
Gumball says: "What?"
As Ed runs to Gumball, he is knocked over by Richard's car.
Richard says: "Sorry son, I don't have time to buy that fruit for you!"
Richard says: "Your mother said I had to drive the car to the mall."
Gumball says: "No dad, it was the other way around."
Richard says: "Oh, right."
Richard says: "People are being so confusing today."
Gumball says: "I know, right?"
Richard tussles Gumball's head and drives off. Gumball shrugs; when he is about to walk back to the diner, Ed comes back and gets hit by the car again, he now holds on to the windshield.
Richard says: "The museum?"
Richard says: "Yeah, I can take you there!"
Witnessing the scene, Penny chuckles. She takes a bite out of her burger and starts choking.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Sorry I'm so late."
Penny makes gestures at Gumball as she continues choking.
Gumball says: "Oh, you've gotta go?"
Penny is still making gestures.
Gumball says: "Your parents have arrived?"
Penny looks at Gumball in shock before making gestures to Karen, who slaps her on the back. She finally spits out the burger and glares in Gumball's direction. Episode ends.