Boring Saturday.
Gumball and Darwin sit in their room silently.
Gumball says: "Mm."
Gumball and Darwin both groan.
Darwin says: "Weird."
Darwin says: "It's like nothing is happening today."
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "Today's so boring that if it was a person, it'd wear a polo shirt and khakis."
Darwin says: "But it's a Saturday."
Darwin says: "The possibilities are endless."
Gumball says: "That's the problem with infinite possibilities, one of them is infinite boredom."
They both groan again. A tumbleweed rolls by.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "How did that even get in here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Maybe something will happen if we just wait a little longer."
Gumball says: "Nah, we've already been sitting here for so long that your butt is fossilized."
Gumball says: "Come on, let's get out of here."
Gumball excavates the carpet around Darwin's backside with a hammer and chisel. Pieces of rock fall off Darwin's butt as he stands up. Gumball grabs a brush to sweep off the leftover dust and Darwin starts to walk out of the room.
Darwin says: "Aren't you coming?"
Gumball says: "Mine's grown roots."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin walks to Gumball to pull him up. His butt has grown tree-like roots.
Darwin says: "Ooh, you're gonna have to wax that."
Gumball says: "Nah it's okay, I'll just prune it."
Quest For Amusement.
Gumball and Darwin now walk the streets with bored expressions on their faces.
Gumball says: "There's nothing going on out here either."
In the background, Tony is seen mowing his lawn. When he stops to pick up something in the grass, the lawnmower keeps moving, breaking through a fence and shaving Principal Brown's body as the Oval Son walks by. The lawnmower ends up on the road, causing a car to crash into a phone pole. This goes completely unnoticed to Gumball and Darwin, and the scene changes to show Billy Parham standing in front of puddles.
Billy says: "Ah, puddles!"
Billy says: "Perhaps I should partake in some infantile joie de vivre that beckons a boy of my age."
He laughs as he starts jumping from puddle to puddle, and falls into the last one which was deeper. Gumball and Darwin step on him, completely unaware.
Gumball says: "I just don't understand."
Gumball says: "There has to be something interesting happening somewhere."
The Sun and the Moon argue in the sky above a house.
The Sun says: "No!"
The Moon says: "Dude, I'm just saying, I think we should swap every now and then."
The Moon says: "I'm always stuck on the night shift, it's not fair."
The Sun says: "You know you couldn't handle the day shift."
The Sun says: "You're just not bright enough!"
The Moon says: "Tell me you did not just say that."
The Sun says: "Wait, no!"
The Sun says: "I-I didn't mean it like that."
The Sun says: "It's just that you're not a– a star like me!"
The Moon says: "Ah, so you're the star of the show, even though'I do half the work, huh?"
The Moon says: "Well I'll show you stars you giant gas bag!"
The Moon says: "Ugh!"
As the Moon is about to throw herself at the Sun, a truck parks in front of the house. Gumball and Darwin stop by; the view is blocked.
Gumball says: "Even the weather is boring."
Gumball and Darwin walk away while the truck drives off. The Moon moves back and forth in front of the Sun, slightly decreasing the brightness of the scene each time.
The Sun says: "Please stop."
The Sun says: "You know very well that ain't gonna work."
The Moon says: "Oh yeah, why?"
The Moon says: "'Cause you're so hot at fighting too?"
The Sun says: "No."
A view of space is shown.
The Sun says: "Because I'm 95,000,000 miles away from you."
The Moon says: "Y-yeah, well."
The Moon says: "You didn't hit me either, so, pff."
The Moon says: "Let's call it a tie."
The Four O'Clock Offender.
Gumball and Darwin keep walking the streets of Elmore. In the background, Hector falls down when a plane hits the back of his head. The Doughnut Sheriff drives by and gasps in horror when he notices his box of doughnuts empty.
Donut Sheriff says: "This is an emergency!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We've got a code zero."
Donut Sheriff says: "There are zero doughnuts left."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm going to the doughnut store."
He turns on his siren and speeds off near a parked police cruiser, where the Hamburger Cop was waiting with a speed camera. The cop immediately grabs his walkie-talkie from the car.
Hamburger Cop says: "Chief, there's a black and white car speeding out of control on West Elmore Boulevard."
Donut Sheriff says: "That guy again, huh?"
Donut Sheriff says: "He's my worst enemy!"
Hamburger Cop says: "That kid that called you Pinky McHole?"
Donut Sheriff says: "No, the other one."
Hamburger Cop says: "Cholesterol?"
Donut Sheriff says: "No, the four o'clock offender!"
Donut Sheriff says: "But don't worry, I'll get him this time."
The sheriff drives around a corner.
Hamburger Cop says: "He took a left!"
The sheriff drives on the wrong lane, and accidentally hits a traffic light which slowly drops onto Marvin's head. He also drives into a fire hydrant, sending his car into the sky. Gumball holds his breath next to Darwin while the sheriff's car flies behind them.
Darwin says: "Dude, there's no point holding your breath, nothing interesting's gonna happen."
The car lands.
Hamburger Cop says: "Somehow he's made it to Seventh Avenue!"
Donut Sheriff says: "This ends today."
The Doughnut Sheriff drives even faster; one of his wheels' rim flies off and cuts Leslie's head off.
Hamburger Cop says: "Okay, you better find a shortcut."
The Doughnut Sheriff turns right.
Hamburger Cop says: "He's heading right!"
He turns right again.
Hamburger Cop says: "Now right again!"
This continues for some time. The sheriff's car crashes into multiple houses during the 'chase.'.
Hamburger Cop says: "Now left!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Right!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Left!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Right!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Left!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Right!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Left!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Left!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Right!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Right!"
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh, chief, I just figured out why you can't ever catch this guy."
Hamburger Cop says: "You know how you always run out of doughnuts at four o'clock?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Not now, I'm closing in on him."
Hamburger Cop says: "Okay, sure."
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh, yeah."
Hamburger Cop says: "You go get him, sir."
A Useless Invention.
The police cruiser drives in a street adjacent to Gumball and Darwin's, but they fail to see it. A clipboard man waves at them.
Gumball says: "Ugh, man, this guy is definitely collecting for something."
Clipboard Man says: "Hi there, can I have a minute of your time?"
Gumball says: "Eh, hold that thought."
The clipboard man stays silent as the two kids walk past him. He sees Banana Joe and stops him instead.
Clipboard Man 1 says: "Hi there, can I have a minute of your time?"
Clipboard Man 1 says: "We'd like you to help us find a use for a brand new product we're developing."
Banana Joe says: "Sure."
Scene cuts to Banana Joe in a laboratory, brandishing a lightsaber while clipboard men take notes.
Banana Joe says: "I know just what to do with this."
Banana Joe tries out the product in different ways. First, he holds the lightsaber above a slice of pizza to cook it, but it is too hot to eat. Next, he tries to improve a clipboard man's sight with it and burns a hole through his left eye.
Banana Joe says: "Can you see any better?"
Clipboard Man 2 says: "No."
He burns a hole through the other eye.
Banana Joe says: "How about now?"
Clipboard Man 2 says: "No."
Banana Joe says: "Any other comments?"
Clipboard Man 2 says: "It hurts tremendously."
Banana Joe moves the lightsaber up and down in front of himself, turning his skin darker each time.
Banana Joe says: "I'm not sure if I'm tanning or it's just my birthmark spreading."
Banana Joe uses the saber as a baseball bat, but it cuts right through the ball. He then plays the violin with it, destroying it as well. His attempt to shave off a man's moustache with it seems to go well, until the man suddenly splits in half. In his last attempt, he uses the lightsaber as a reading light.
Banana Joe says: "Guys!"
Banana Joe turns around and accidentally slices a clipboard man in half. The clipboard men decide to stop the experiment and he is led out of the lab.
Clipboard Man 1 says: "Here is your reward."
Banana Joe says: "Thanks!"
Clipboard Man 1 says: "Well, now we know."
Clipboard Man 1 says: "This has no use whatsoever."
Clipboard Man 1 says: "Off to the trash with you, with all my other inventions."
The clipboard man throws the lightsaber into the trash, which contains a jetpack, a hoverboard and a time machine, as well as many other devices.
I Can Sing!
Gumball and Darwin cross the mall's parking lot, dragging their heads behind them.
Gumball says: "Ugh, this day is so boring."
Sal Left Thumb attempts to break into multiple cars, to no avail. As the car alarms accumulate, they start making a rhythm for Sal to sing.
But looking in this window's tint.
I see the boy I used to be.
If he saw me what would he see?
He'd look at me in disbelief.
A dirty, no good, thumb-print thief.
Forever stealing, getting busted.
On the run or being dusted.
But the symphony of car alarms.
Has reminded me of music's charms.
As a boy I dreamed that I'd go far.
As a bona fide musical star!
I sung a little song.
Did a little show.
Got sick of the producers saying no.
So I turned to crime.
Stealing all the time.
Life lacked reason, life lacked rhyme.
Now it's time to say I'm sorry.
What better way than in a song?
Gary says: "Gimme back the car you stole!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "I'll pay you back in rock'n'roll."
Karen says: "You took my daughter's trampoline!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Well how about this tap routine?"
Patrick says: "You stole my mother's diamond ring!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "It doesn't really matter 'cause I can sing!"
Sal keeps singing until the music ends, revealing he is actually screaming in a deep voice while everyone covers their ears.
Felicity says: "No you can't!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Oh come on, it can't be that bad."
Everyone nods.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ah, then you only have yourselves to blame for this!"
He breaks into a car and drives off with everyone running after him. Gumball runs to the now empty parking spot.
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I thought I heard something, but..."
Gumball says: "Eh."
This Hideous Day.
Gumball and Darwin sit on a bench at the mall. The Crocodile Woman walks in front of them and a jar falls out of her bag, causing Miss Simian to stop and turn around.
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "Something's gonna happen."
Harold Wilson walks by, trips on the contents of the jar and, grabbing onto Miss Simian's dress, rips it. Unfortunately for Gumball and Darwin, the view is blocked by a mannequin someone just pushed in front of them–this isn't the case for Harold, who throws up in the hexagon lady's purse, this time 'censored' by Tony drinking at a fountain. He hands the purse back to its owner, who throws it into the air in disgust. Curtains close just as the bag and its contents are about to land directly onto Mr. Small's head, who is heard screaming as Jeff Benson walks on a small stage.
Jeff says: "Good afternoon."
Jeff says: "I'm here to tell you about today's special offer..."
Gumball and Darwin stare with their mouths agape. Tobias approaches them laughing, wiping a tear from his eye.
Tobias​​​ says: "Did you guys see that?"
Gumball says: "NO."
Darwin says: "NO."
Tobias​​​ says: "No?"
Tobias​​​ says: "Oh, don't worry about it, I got it on my phone."
Tobias hands his phone to Gumball and Darwin, who suddenly rejoice. As the video plays they realize the entirety of it is just Tobias laughing.
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "You had it on the face camera."
Tobias​​​ says: "Yeah, but, you can really tell how good it was by how much I'm laughing!"
Gumball and Darwin walk back home.
Darwin says: "What do we do now?"
Gumball says: "We're going home to watch the clock until this hideous day finally ends."
The Wrong House.
They come home. A construction worker walks in front of the house, looking at a piece of paper.
Hank says: "Yup, I'm pretty sure this is the one."
He points to the house and makes a gesture for a truck to park in reverse.
Inside the house, Darwin and Gumball are staring so intently at the clock their eyes are red and their faces wrinkled. The clock's hand moves to the next minute and they both let out a frustrated sigh.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "Why does time only slow down when you're bored?"
The view changes to show the living room's window as well as Gumball and Darwin staring at the clock. A truck engine starts and the house starts moving. Static shows on the window as characters from other shows appear outside. First, Clarence and his mother from Clarence drive next to the house. Static again, then Mordecai and Rigby are seen dancing next to a golf cart driven by Hi-Five Ghost from Regular Show.
Hi-Five Ghost says: "Hi-Five Ghost ride the whip!"
The cart crashes into a puddle. Uncle Grandpa from the eponymous show is seen driving his van in the forest. He turns to the viewer.
Uncle Grandpa says: "Good morning."
Uncle Grandpa says: "Good morning."
The window goes back to normal. The construction men drive on the highway, transporting the Wattersons' house.
George says: "You know, it's funny, but in this picture the house looks kinda pink."
Hank says: "Uh-huh."
Hank says: "That's the one we got in the back."
George says: "No."
George says: "The one we got is blue."
Hank says: "Uh, no."
Hank says: "That's blue, just like the frosting on this doughnut."
George says: "You're colorblind, aren't you?"
Hank says: "Huh?"
The truck drives back to the Wattersons' neighborhood. The construction men can be heard talking as they put the house back into place.
Hank says: "Cotton candy?"
George says: "Also pink."
Hank says: "No!"
Accept the Boredom.
They drive off. Meanwhile, someone rings the doorbell. Gumball and Darwin open the door to see the Manly Warrior.
Manly Warrior says: "Is this the dwelling where I shall find two brave strangers to help me on my quest?"
Manly Warrior says: "It will be perilous."
Manly Warrior says: "We will go to places man has never dared tread!"
Manly Warrior says: "But above all, it will be the journey of a lifetime."
Gumball says: "You're in luck, little man."
Gumball says: "We know just who you need."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "There's these two geeks who are really into roleplay, they'd be perfect for it."
Darwin says: "They live two blocks down on the left."
Manly Warrior says: "Oh."
Gumball and Darwin slam the door in the man's face, but suddenly gasp. They open the door again.
Gumball says: "WAIT!"
Darwin says: "WAIT!"
Manly Warrior says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Those two guys!"
Manly Warrior says: "Ah, you've had second thoughts?"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "They're not two blocks on the left, they're two blocks on the right."
Manly Warrior says: "Alright, whatever..."
Gumball says: "I guess we learned something today, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Life doesn't come knocking at your door, it's down to you to make things happen."
Darwin says: "Shall we get on with it then?"
Gumball says: "Nah, I'm not much of a doer, I'm more of a moaner."
They close the door as they go back inside; shortly after, the Manly Warrior and the Eggheads are seen riding a dragon. The episode ends.