Darwin and Julius in Detention.
The episode starts off with the front entrance of the school. The scene then cuts to a door with a piece of paper attached to it, reading "DETENTION." Buzzing and the sound of cell doors opening are heard. Julius, leisurely sitting in his chair, turns around and sees Principal Brown bringing Darwin into the room.
Nigel Brown says: "Maybe a little time in here will help you think about what you did, Watterson."
Principal Brown makes the buzzer and cell door sound effects with his mouth. He closes the door, and Darwin sits next to Julius.
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Darwin says: "You're Julius Oppenheimmer Junior, right?"
Darwin says: "I'm Darwin."
Darwin says: "We met last year in the schoolyard."
Julius says: "Are you the one who screams when his arms come off?"
Darwin says: "Mm-mm."
Julius says: "Are you the one who passes out when he is held upside down for four hours?"
Darwin says: "Nope!"
Julius says: "Are you the one who has trouble walking when his legs are pulled off and put back on the wrong way around?"
Darwin says: "I'll give you a clue."
Darwin says: "Two weeks of physiotherapy and a forever whistling nose."
Julius says: "Oh, yeah."
Julius says: "You hang out with the blue one, with the big head I turned inside out."
Darwin says: "So, how come you're in dental-tension?"
Julius says: "It's called detention, And I'm here because I had a little trouble with my art project."
Flashback to Julius throwing pink toilet paper at a tree. The thrown toilet paper forms the word "VANDALISM." Principal Brown enters.
Nigel Brown says: ""Vandalism"?"
Nigel Brown says: "Detention!"
Flashback ends.
Julius says: "And what are you in for?"
Darwin says: "Same sort of thing."
Flashbacks to Darwin throwing pink toilet paper at the same tree. He adds "IS BAD" below "VANDALISM." Principal Brown enters again.
Nigel Brown says: ""Vandalism is bad"?"
Nigel Brown says: "Admirable sentiment, but still vandalism."
Nigel Brown says: "Detention!"
Flashback ends.
Darwin says: "So, what do you do in detention?"
Julius says: "Well, I was gonna start with a bit of popping."
Darwin says: "Popping?"
Darwin says: "Man, I love breakdancing!"
Julius says: "Then, I guess some mauling."
Darwin says: "Going to the mall?"
Darwin says: "Uh huh!"
Julius says: "And to finish, some trampling."
Darwin says: "They have a trampoline now?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Oh man!"
Darwin says: "Detention sounds great!"
Darwin says: "I guess they must be going for a Scandinavian-rehabilitation approach."
Julius says: "You're pretty naïve."
Julius says: "I bet you're easy to manipulate—"
Darwin says: "I'll do it!"
Julius says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Darwin says: "I thought you wanted me to do something."
Darwin says: "Would—"
Darwin says: "would you like me to do something?"
Julius says: "Hold that thought."
Julius says: "I got one."
Julius says: "He'll do whatever I say, and we'll never get in trouble again."
Julius says: "He's a real sucker."
Julius says: "How do I know?"
Julius says: "'Cause he's holding the phone for me right now."
Camera zooms out to reveal Darwin holding the phone for Julius.
Julius says: "Wanna come hang out with a bunch of older kids who have a reputation for being mean and manipulative?"
Darwin says: "Do I?"
Julius says: "Yes, you do."
Darwin says: "Yes, I do!"
Julius says: "He's perfect."
Julius says: "Let's go."
Darwin Meets Julius' Friends.
Scene starts at an alleyway, with Darwin facing Julius's friends.
Darwin says: "Wow!"
Darwin says: "You guys are so friendly!"
Darwin says: "It’s almost like, too friendly."
Darwin says: "But, of course, there's no such thing."
Darwin says: "So, what are your names?"
Reaper says: "I'm Reaper."
Scythe says: "I'm Scythe."
Mowdown says: "And I'm Phillip."
Scythe says: "No, dude."
Scythe says: "That's your real name."
Mowdown says: "And I'm Mowdown."
Darwin says: "Reaper, Scythe, and Mowdown."
Darwin says: "Cool nicknames."
Darwin says: "So, I guess you're from farming families, or really into agriculture or something?"
Julius, Reaper, Scythe and Mowdown laugh; Julius, behind Darwin, walks up to his friends, high-fiving Mowdown.
Julius says: "Told you he was perfect."
Darwin says: "So, do you guys have a secret handshake?"
Darwin says: "I got one you can have, look."
Darwin says: "That bit obviously works better if there's two butts."
Scythe says: "He's beyond perfect."
Scythe says: "He's the unicorn of fools."
Scythe says: "The foolicorn."
Julius says: "And I can make him do anything."
Darwin's First Task.
Julius says: "Hey,  go clean out that woman's purse."
Camera focuses on the purse briefly. Darwin salutes to Julius. As Alison is seen sleeping, Darwin exits the alleyway, approaches the bench, and shows the purse to Julius. Julius gives a thumbs up and Darwin easily empties her purse. Julius reacts maliciously, but he and his friends become surprised as Darwin is shown cleaning the purse with a vacuum cleaner. He then puts all the contents back into the purse. As Darwin picks up a wallet, Julius shakes his head. Darwin then shrugs as Julius signals Darwin to take her money. Darwin suddenly realizes.
Darwin says: "Oh!"
As Darwin takes a bill from the wallet, Julius gives a double thumbs up, but Darwin blows the dust off the bill instead, and puts it back. After that, Darwin puts an air freshener into the purse. At this point, Julius is infuriated, touching the bridge of his nose while his friends are confused. Darwin goes back to them.
Darwin says: "All cleaned out!"
Julius says: "Okay, we'll try something else."
Darwin says: "Got it!"
Pizza Prank.
Larry delivers a tower of pizza boxes to the police station. Julius, Darwin, Scythe, Reaper and Mowdown are hiding behind a bush to see the prank in action.
Larry says: "Pizza delivery!"
Doughnut Sheriff reacts in joy at the presence of the pizzas. Larry points out where Darwin and the detention kids are to Doughnut Sheriff. Doughnut Sheriff waves at them.
Julius says: "Wait."
Julius says: "Why is that cop waving at us?"
Darwin says: "Because of your generosity."
Julius says: "What do you mean?"
Darwin says: "When the pizza place asked who it was from, I said you."
Darwin says: "And luckily, they already had your credit card details."
Julius says: "It was supposed to be cash-on delivery."
Julius says: "How's that a prank otherwise?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "Well, it is kind of a prank, just..."
Darwin says: "not on them."
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, guys, thanks for the pizzas."
Donut Sheriff says: "Although, to make sure it doesn't look like a bribe, I'm gonna have to fine you for loitering."
Darwin says: "I'm having a great time."
Cover That Van in Dirt!
The scene transitions to Darwin and the detention kids at the parking lot of the mall.
Julius says: "Okay, guys, give me one more chance to prove he is an easy mark."
Darwin says: "Um, my name is Darwin."
Darwin says: "Just sayin'."
Julius says: "You see that nice, clean van over there?"
Julius says: "You're gonna cover it in dirt."
Darwin says: "Right away."
Darwin runs to a mud puddle juxtaposed to Janice, then launches dirt to cover the van after inhaling deeply; however, the dirt heaps into an intricate design of animals and jungle-like patterns.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Wow, she looks great!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "I was thinking Janice could do with a little facelift."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Here."
Darwin says: "Thank you, sir!"
Darwin says: "I guess the money should go to the boss."
Julius says: "Thanks."
Scythe says: "Whoa!"
Scythe says: "Who's to say I'm not the boss?!"
Scythe says: "!"
Mowdown says: "Or me?!"
Mowdown says: "!"
Reaper says: "Yeah, you're not the leader!"
Reaper says: "You don't have what it takes!"
Reaper says: "Oh, didn't hurt."
Mowdown laughs at his ridicule; in retaliation, Reaper rams Mowdown. Within impact, a high-pitched voice from Mowdown's mechanism is played.
Voice says: "I love you this much!"
Mowdown says: "Ignore that!"
Mowdown says: "I hate you this much!"
During the dialogue, Scythe picks up the money; Mowdown aims for Reaper but accidentally punches Scythe instead. The dynamic strength of the punch makes Scythe fly, tearing the money in half; subsequently, Julius, Reaper, and Mowdown see the money in half.
Julius says: "Why, you!"
Reaper says: "Why, you!"
Mowdown says: "Why, you!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Scythe lands on his face.
Scythe says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Because you guys gotta get along."
Darwin says: "Or what better way, than with a song!"
Singing With a friend, fun will never end,.
You can depend from the time you spe—.
Song is abruptly interrupted.
Mowdown says: "Forget it!"
Mowdown says: "He ain't a friend of mine."
The three other detention kids walk away from Julius.
Julius says: "Hey!"
Julius says: "Come back here!"
Scythe says: "You're not the boss of us!"
Mowdown says: "You can't even convince a little kid to do a simple bad thing!"
Darwin says: "Aww, I had another twenty-three things that rhymed with friend."
Julius says: "I'll show them."
Julius says: "I'm the master manipulator."
Julius says: "I can make you do anything!"
Julius says: "Come on, let's jam."
Darwin drums the metal of the car.
Darwin says: "Just come in whenever you like!"
Julius grabs Darwin's hands and drags him, as he walks away.
Life All Ruined.
The scene transitions to Julius and Darwin in Elmore Junior High, near the swimming pool.
Julius says: "Okay, you're gonna go and leave a little surprise in the pool..."
Darwin reacts in horror.
Julius says: "..."
Julius says: "using this detergent."
Darwin says: "But trespassing is wrong."
Darwin says: "It's one of the seven sins—"
Darwin says: "along with pride, wrath, Sleepy, Dopey, Blitzen—"
Julius says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah."
Julius says: "It's not trespassing if it's for a good cause."
Darwin says: "Why is this a good cause?"
Julius says: "Because every child deserves access to clean water?"
Darwin says: "charitable thing I've ever heard!"
On the right of the duo is a door to the swimming pool.
Darwin says: "Okay, how am I gonna do this?"
Julius says: "Just use your head, kid."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Julius says: "What are you doing?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "Using my head."
Julius says: "Here, use this!"
Julius says: "Why did you do that?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "To pay for the damage of the door."
Julius says: "No, it was to open the door; it's got my name and address on it!"
Darwin says: "Oh, cool."
Darwin says: "Then they'll be able to return it."
Julius says: "Come here."
Julius says: "We gotta get it back."
Darwin also runs to follow him. Julius prepares to open the roller shutter of the swimming pool building.
Julius says: "On the count of three, I'll lift it up, and you drop and roll."
Julius says: "One, two, three!"
Darwin drops and rolls outside the building instead of entering it.
Julius says: "No, you're supposed to go in to get—"
The roller shutter slams on his foot, causing Julius to scream.
Darwin says: "Give me your phone."
Julius hands over his phone.
Darwin says: "My friend has hurt his foot, and he needs medical assistance."
Julius says: "Who is that?"
Darwin says: "Nine-one-one."
Julius says: "Are you crazy?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "I'm not gonna be all like, "Oh, yeah, my friend Julius Oppenheimmer Junior, who lives on Park Road, broke his foot while trying to trespass at the public pool."
Donut Sheriff says: "What?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Darwin says: "I mean, this is an anonymous call!"
Julius says: "You just gave them my name and address!"
Darwin says: "Ah, anonymously."
Julius says: "And they can trace the call!"
Darwin says: "Not anymore!"
Julius says: "Just help me get my foot out."
Both of them struggle to get his foot out of the shutter; they succeed, but in an unpleasant result.
Julius says: "Thanks for nothing!"
Julius says: "Ah, they're coming!"
Julius says: "You gotta help me!"
Darwin helps Julius walk through the alleyway.
Julius says: "Oh, no, they're gonna see us!"
Darwin says: "Quick, let's kiss to hide our faces."
Darwin says: "It always works in spy movies!"
Julius says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Julius falls through the door.
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Julius is shown with his body being very mangled up.
Julius says: "I'm fine."
Julius says: "And given the choice, I'd take this option again."
The scene cuts to Darwin helping Julius walk through the park toward a tree.
Julius says: "No, no, no—"
Julius says: "I can't—"
Julius says: "I can't walk much further."
Julius says: "I'm gonna need some wheels."
Julius says: "Go take someone's bike or something."
Darwin says: "Wait, that sounds like another bad thing!"
Julius says: "Well, if you do this one bad thing now, we can do two good things later to make up for it."
Darwin says: "Do you mean like how the Romans invaded half of the world but then invented sandals and ice cream?"
Julius says: "I don't think the Romans invented ice cream."
Darwin says: "Okay, just sandals then."
Darwin says: "There's two of them—"
Julius says: "Agh, just get on with it!"
Darwin says: "Yes, sir."
As Debbie rides her bicycle leisurely, Darwin jumps out of a bush in front of said bicycle.
Darwin says: "I commandeer this vehicle!"
Debbie screams, triggering her mistaken turns and eventual collision with the ground.
Julius says: "Dude, that was my girlfriend!"
Darwin says: "Quick, let's kiss before she sees you!"
Darwin persists to kiss Julius, which the latter hampers by pushing him away.
Julius says: "No, no, no, wait!"
Julius says: "Debbie!"
Julius says: "I can explain!"
Julius says: "be mad at me!"
Julius says: "You've ruined me!"
Julius says: "Who would have thought my life would have been destroyed by a dumb sucker who lives in a world of kittens and rainbows?"
Darwin says: "Julius, stop."
Darwin says: "You're not making sense."
Darwin says: "In a world of kittens and rainbows, what would the kittens eat?"
An awkward pause occurs.
Julius says: "Just go."
Another awkward pause occurs.
Darwin says: "N—"
Darwin says: "Now?"
Julius says: "Immediately."
Darwin begins walking away, disappointed; however, he turns around.
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "I'm gonna fix this!"
Darwin says: "Wait for me at the bus stop in half an hour!"
Everything Is Fixed.
Julius is seen waiting at the bus stop. As the bus enters and leaves, Darwin is revealed next to him.
Darwin says: "All fixed."
Julius says: "Really?"
Julius says: "How?"
Darwin says: "Well, first..."
A depiction of Darwin's story plays.
Darwin says: "I spoke to your friends, and they all agreed that you had to stick together as I told the Bikers your crew declared war on them."
A past Darwin is shown writing on a piece of paper the word "WAR" and wrapping it onto a brick. Darwin whistles to the Dolphin Man.
Dolphin Man says: "What?"
Darwin throws the brick at him.
Julius says: "Wait, what?!"
Julius says: "!"
Julius says: "The Bikers?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, and then I patched things up with your girlfriend!"
A past Darwin "proposes" to Debbie in the mall; he opens a box revealing a ring in it.
Darwin says: "You're getting married on Saturday."
Everyone in the mall applauds.
Darwin says: "I also fixed the situation with the police."
Julius says: "Oh, let me guess, by making my life worse?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "No..."
Darwin says: "By making your father’s life worse!"
Darwin is seen taking a phone call on a payphone.
Darwin says: "I told them it was Julius Oppenheimmer Senior who tried to break into the pool."
Julius’s father is shown walking out of the store with grocery bags. There is a siren and the police are all around him.
Julius Oppenheimmer Sr. says: "Were the coupons expired?!"
Julius Oppenheimmer Sr. says: "!"
Julius says: "What?"
Julius says: "My dad has been arrested?"
Julius says: "My mom’s gonna go nuts when she finds out!"
Darwin says: "She won’t, she is being deported!"
Julius says: "But why?!"
Julius says: "!"
Darwin says: "I changed her passport to one from Switzenburgenstan!"
Julius says: "That’s not even a country!"
Darwin says: "Which is why they are going to dump her in unchartered waters right about now."
Julius' mother is shown in front of an airplane opening, while a flight attendant is juxtaposed to her.
Flight attendant says: "Thank you for flying with us."
The parachute opening up causes Julius' mother to fly out of the airplane, while she screams; the flashback ends.
Julius says: "What?"
Darwin says: "It was a joke!"
Julius says: "What?"
Julius says: "None of that happened?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Now, who's easy to manipulate?"
Darwin says: "And don't worry, I fixed everything with your crew and your girlfriend."
Julius says: "well, I guess it shows if you bully someone enough, it'll eventually backfire spectacularly, that it'll teach you a valuable life lesson."
Darwin says: "Which is?"
Julius says: "I should..."
Julius says: "bully even more people to learn extra life lessons!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "The lesson is—"
Darwin says: "Oh, you made a joke!"
Both laugh.
Julius says: "Look, man, I'm sorry."
Julius says: "You're no sucker."
Julius says: "You're right."
Julius says: "The world needs more buddies, not more bullies."
Darwin says: "Want to  hug it out?"
Julius says: "As long as there's no kissing."
Both hug.
Julius says: "Oh, but wait, what about my parents?"
Julius says: "Are they still mad at me?"
Darwin says: "Not after they get the cake you sent them."
Julius says: "What?"
Cut to Leonard Daniels delivering Julius' parents a large cake with "SORRY" written on it. Julius' parents react with joy.
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm."
Darwin says: "The one with "SORRY" spelled out in sparklers."
Julius says: "Thanks, buddy."
Darwin and Julius perform their handshake, which concludes with them pounding their butts together; they laugh, as Darwin exits.
Julius says: "You did good, kid."
Julius says: "You did goo- wait, did you say a cake with sparklers—"
Julius says: "?"
In the distance, Julius’s parents explode from the sparklers on the cake, interrupting him.
Episode ends.