The Battle for the Remote Commences.
Episode starts with Gumball, Darwin, and Anais sitting at the table, while Nicole is in the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Tonight is going to be awesome!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe they're going to show it!"
Darwin says: "TV is finally gonna acknowledge our existence!"
Anais says: "What are you talking about?"
Darwin says: "Only "Cutie Pets."
Gumball says: "The number one pet show on TV."
Darwin says: "They're gonna show this photo!"
Anais says: "Pets?"
Anais says: "I thought you preferred "animal companion."
Darwin says: "Aw, who cares about moral principles?"
Darwin says: "This is TV we're talking about!"
Nicole says: "I'm pretty excited too!"
Nicole says: ""Win or Don't Win" is calling tonight."
Nicole says: "All I have to do is answer one question and I'll win a new microwave!"
Gumball says: "What's wrong with our microwave?"
Nicole places a flower in front of the microwave; the flower burns and shrivels to a pile of ashes. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais chatter in agreement.
Anais says: "Well, I can't wait to watch Daisy tonight."
Anais says: "You're going to meet Sally the Snake, aren't you, Daisy?"
Anais says: "Yes, I am."
Gumball says: "Ahh..."
Darwin says: "Ahh..."
Anais says: "Ahh..."
Nicole says: "Ahh..."
Gumball says: "I can't wait till eight."
Darwin says: "I can't wait till eight."
Anais says: "I can't wait till eight."
Nicole says: "I can't wait till eight."
Everyone looks at each other in sudden realization of their situation, in an awkward silence.
Gumball says: "Well, then I guess it's whoever gets to the remote first!"
Everyone begins frantically wolfing their breakfast down. They all finish at the same time. They rush for the table where the remote usually is, climbing and tripping over each other. Richard is shown sitting on the couch with bloodshot eyes.
Richard says: "Upupupupup!"
Richard says: "I've been up all night saving my seat for..."
Everyone except Richard erupts into a raging argument, explaining why they should get to watch the TV.
Anais says: "Can I please watch Daisy?"
They all stop to yell at Anais.
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Richard says: "No!"
They begin arguing again.
Darwin says: "This face was made for TV!"
Nicole says: "I don't want to grow a third arm next time I make a cup of coffee!"
Anais says: "I wish I had enough money to buy my own remote!"
Nicole says: "Okay, well, you know what?"
Nicole says: "I'm going..."
Nicole says: "grocery shopping!"
Nicole runs out of the house.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "We're not done with you yet!"
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
They repeatedly slap his cheeks attempting to wake him up, to no avail.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "We don't need the remote."
Gumball says: "We can change the channel..."
Gumball says: "on the TV."
Darwin says: "You mean get up from the sofa and change it manually, like they did in ancient times when people weren't lazy?"
Darwin says: "That sounds a little extreme, man!"
Camera zooms out.
The Mission.
Camera shows Gumball's face zoomed in; Gumball is in a space mission-like mission.
Gumball says: "Check-check."
Gumball says: "Okay, control, I'm going in."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Ksh."
Darwin says: "How you feeling?"
Gumball says: "To be honest, I'm feeling pretty lazy."
Darwin says: "Keep going."
Darwin says: "You're doing great."
Gumball says: "Something's happening."
Gumball says: "It's like no one's ever walked here before."
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "I can't do it."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna turn around."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "You've got to keep going."
Darwin says: "You've passed the Christmas carpet stain."
Darwin says: "There won't be enough willpower to send you back."
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll try."
Gumball says: "Gravity pulling me down."
Gumball says: "I'm not gonna make it."
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "can't..."
Gumball says: "be..."
Gumball says: "bothered..."
Darwin says: "Abort the mission!"
Darwin says: "I repeat, abort the mission!"
After the Mission.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry buddy, but it wasn't possible."
Gumball says: "Now I know why remotes were invented."
Darwin says: "Here."
Darwin says: "Take this."
Darwin says: "It'll make you feel better."
Darwin snaps a chocolate bar in half to wake him up.
Richard says: "Did I hear chocolate?"
Gumball says: "Yes, and we'll give you some, WHEN YOU TELL US WHERE THE REMOTE IS!"
Richard says: "No, never!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Not even for the chocolate choo-choo train?"
Gumball says: "Ch-ch-ch-ch-choo-choo!"
Gumball says: "Ch-ch-ch-ch-choo-choo!"
Richard is tempting to grab it with his mouth. The phone rings; they stop.
Anais says: "I'll get it!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard resume.
Nicole says: "Anais, I need you to tell me what brand the TV is."
Anais says: "Okay, but does this mean I can watch Daisy tonight?"
Nicole says: "No."
Nicole says: "It means you won't be grounded for six months."
Anais says: "WHAT?"
Anais says: "But I'm four!"
Anais says: "That's like one eighth of my life!"
Nicole says: "Then you don't want to spend it locked up in your bedroom."
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Anais says: "Fine!"
Scene cuts back to Richard tempting to get the chocolate bar.
Darwin says: "Bing-bong!"
Darwin says: "The train will not be stopping at this mouth."
Richard says: "Okay!"
Richard says: "Okay!"
Richard says: "Just give me the chocolate and I'll tell you!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Oh, I know this one!"
Darwin says: "I know this one!"
Gumball says: "Dude, there's no remote here."
Darwin says: "Wait a minute."
Darwin says: "B-U-T-T."
Darwin says: "It's under his butt, isn't it?"
Back at Home.
Scene cuts back to Richard snoring at the house; Gumball makes Richard lean over.
Gumball says: "I got him!"
Gumball says: "Get the remote!"
It is shown that the remote has been lost, and that there is a hole.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Where is it?"
Richard says: "I've been sitting on it all day long!"
Gumball says: "There's only one person that could have taken it."
Darwin says: "Yeah, you!"
Darwin says: "Because it definitely wasn't me!"
Darwin says: "Where did you put it?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Where did you put it?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Where did you put it?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Dude, say it, don't spray it!"
Richard grabs Darwin; they argue.
Gumball says: "Chill everybody, I meant Anais."
Gumball says: "It could only be Anais."
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "'Cause we both want to watch the same thing."
Darwin says: "Yeah, right."
Richard says: "Get her!"
They bust the door into the children's room.
Gumball says: "Where's the remote?!"
Darwin says: "Where's the remote?!"
Richard says: "Where's the remote?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "!"
Anais says: "What remote?"
Gumball says: "Right."
They start looking for the remote, messing up the bedroom in the process.
Anais says: "What are you doing?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "The scissors she used to cut a hole in the sofa!"
Anais says: "What are you talking about?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "TELL US WHERE IT IS!"
Gumball says: "Or Daisy won't have to worry about headaches ever again."
Anais says: "No, please wait!"
Anais says: "Here it is."
Anais says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball, Darwin and Richard smile.
Anais says: "But I just want you to know, I AM DOING THIS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!"
Gumball says: "Noooooooooooooooooooo-!"
Darwin says: "Noooooooooooooooooooo-!"
Richard says: "Noooooooooooooooooooo-!"
Gumball says: "All right, Daisy's getting it."
Anais says: "No."
Anais says: "There's another."
Gumball says: "Another what?"
Anais says: "Another remote."
Anais says: "Mom went downtown to buy one."
Richard says: "It's twenty to eight!"
Gumball says: "We need to get that remote!"
Darwin says: "We need to get that remote!"
Richard says: "We need to get that remote!"
Gumball says: "Thanks for the tip."
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard run away.
Anais says: "Daisy!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "You're not coming?"
Anais says: "I don't care about your stupid TV anymore!"
Anais says: "All I need is my Daisy."
At the Mall.
Camera fades to the mall, then cuts into the elevator.
Nicole says: "Gotcha."
Ancient Chinese music begins playing. Gumball, Richard and Darwin are waiting for her at the car. Nicole runs away.
Richard says: "Get her!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard chase her. After she bounces off a car, Nicole grabs Richard and uses him to knock Gumball off; she uses Darwin to hinder Richard. She fights Gumball, who comes back, and spins him; Richard grabs Nicole.
Richard says: "Get the remote!"
Gumball tries to get the remote, but Nicole jumps away from his head and gets into the car; Darwin jumps onscreen, but he knocks Richard. Nicole laughs, but can't get the car keys from her shirt pockets.
Gumball says: "Looking for these?"
Richard breaks the window with his fist, grabs the remote, and laughs. He runs away with Gumball and Darwin chasing him. Once he realizes this, he runs faster, but accidentally slams his head against a sign that says "MIND YOUR HEAD.".
Gumball says: "Thank you!"
Gumball and Darwin chuckle and run away; Richard sleeps, but he gets up all of a sudden.
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "¡Tengo que saber si Consuela sobrevive a la operación!"
Nicole chases Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "She's gaining on us!"
Gumball and Darwin scream; they bump into Richard, who grabs the remote.
Nicole says: "That remote is mine!"
Richard says: "Then come and get it!"
Nicole runs up to him and kicks the remote away from his shirtpocket, causing the remote to fly in the air; Nicole and Richard both hinder each other and struggle to get the remote. Nicole clenches Richard's nipple, causing him to release it; Nicole fights Gumball, Darwin, and Richard for the remote. She knocks them all down, and runs toward the edge of the parking lot. Principal Brown's car gets in the way; Nicole goes through the car, Gumball and Darwin jumps over the hood of the car, and Richard simply fails to go through due to his body. Nicole runs and jumps away from the edge of the parking lot onto the top of another parking lot. Gumball and Darwin runs toward the edge also, but they realize the risk of doing Nicole's task.
Gumball says: "Let's take the stairs."
They go to take the stairs; Richard carelessly jumps off the edge, bumps into the wall, and falls. Nicole is still running; Gumball and Darwin open the door.
Gumball says: "She's getting away!"
Nicole laughs, but finds that the gate of the parking lot is closing.
Gumball says: "If you leave without paying, you're setting a bad example for your children!"
Nicole says: "I can't find the right change!"
Gumball says: "Thank you for being a responsible citizen."
Nicole sighs.
At Home.
Scene cuts to the house, with Gumball and Darwin running.
Gumball says: "Come on dude."
Gumball says: ""Cutie Pets" starts in five minutes."
Richard jumps on them.
Richard ¡Paren! ¡"La Casa de las Lágrimas" comienza en cinco minutos! [Translates to says: "Stop!"
Richard ¡Paren! ¡"La Casa de las Lágrimas" comienza en cinco minutos! [Translates to says: ""La Casa de las Lágrimas" starts in 5 minutes!"
Richard seizes the remote; Nicole runs on-screen.
Nicole says: "Oh no, it doesn't!"
Nicole says: ""Win Or Don't Win" does!"
They fight again, arguing to get the remote.
Darwin says: "I'm a celebrity!"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute!"
Gumball takes it away from them.
Richard says: "That's mine hey..."
Gumball says: "This isn't a TV remote..."
As Gumball presses the buttons on the remote, Gary's garage door crushes his car.
Gary says: "Why?!"
Gary says: "!"
Gary says: "My car!"
Gumball says: "Dag-nabbit!"
Gumball says: "It's for a garage door!"
Gumball says: "What did you buy this for?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "It's the one Anais told me to get."
Gumball says: "Why would Anais tell you to buy the wrong..."
Gumball says: "remote?"
Gumball says: "She planned this whole thing from the start."
Gumball flashes back.
Gumball says: "First, she gave Mom the idea to buy a new remote."
Anais says: "I wish I had enough money to buy my own remote!"
Nicole says: "So when I called, she must have given me the name of a garage door opener."
Anais says: "Fine."
Anais says: "Let me have a look..."
Anais says: "It's a Logikar 2000."
Nicole says: "Thanks honey."
Richard says: "She overheard my riddle..."
Darwin says: "I know this one!"
Richard says: "Waited 'til you guys were at Butt Valley, and cut a hole in the sofa so she could take the real remote."
Anais holds a pair of scissors as she is about to cut a hole under the sofa.
Darwin says: "And the remote she smashed upstairs must have been a decoy."
Screen shows the remote Anais gave them was actually a calculator.
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Which means the real one must still be in the house!"
Nicole tries to open the locked door; they see through the window that Anais is unzipping and opening her Daisy doll, revealing the remote.
Gumball says: "I had it in my hands!"
Flashback returns.
Gumball says: "Thanks for the tip!"
Anais says: "Daisy!"
Gumball says: "Oh yeah."
Anais says: "All I need is my Daisy."
Flashback ends; Anais waits for her Daisy show.
Anais says: "I wish I had enough money to buy my own remote."
Anais says: "All I need is my Daisy."
Anais says: "It's a Logikar 2000."
Anais says: "I don't care about your stupid TV anymore!"
[The clock shows 8 says: "00."
TV says: "Y a continuación, el último episodio de "La Casa de las Lágrimas."
Anais changes the channel to the "Daisy the Donkey Show.".
Daisy the Donkey says: "Daisy The Donkey!"
Daisy the Donkey says: "LALALALALA!"
Daisy the Donkey says: "Daisy The Donkey!"
Daisy the Donkey says: "LALALALALA!"
Richard says: "Oh, madre mia!"
Nicole says: "I feel so proud of her, yet really scared at the same time."
Gumball says: "Noooooooooooo!"
Darwin says: "Noooooooooooo!"
Anais moves her head left to right trance-like and creepily with the camera zooming in with every "Daisy".
Daisy the Donkey​​ says: "Daisy, Daisy, Daisy, Daisy, DAISY!"
Episode ends.