Family History.
Richard, holding an old watch, is telling Gumball a story.
Richard says: "This watch has been at the center of a feud between the Watterson and Finklehimer families for centuries."
Richard says: "It was found by your great-great-great-great-grandfather Bucktooth Watterson, who lost it to an evil man called One-Legged Finklehimer in a jig contest."
Richard says: "However, Bucktooth's son, your great-great-great-grandfather..."
On the school bus, Gumball has the watch in his hand.
Gumball says: "Aww, I hate it!"
Gumball says: "This watch is wonder weak, it doesn't even tell the time."
Gumball says: "What the derp is V past X supposed to mean?"
Darwin says: "Wait, did you get that from Dad?"
Gumball says: "How'd you know?"
Darwin says: "He offered it to me first."
Darwin says: "He told me this really long boring story full of people I didn't care about, and I said "No!"
Darwin says: "I don't want no busted up cowboy junk."
Gumball says: "Do you mind holding this for a second?"
Gumball says: "I need to tie my shoelace."
Darwin says: "Sure."
Darwin says: "Wait, you don't have any shoes."
Gumball appears on top of the seat behind Darwin.
Gumball says: "He who holds it, owns it."
Gumball slowly goes down.
Darwin says: "Aw!"
The Watch Switches Hands.
Gumball is walking down the school corridor, Darwin runs to him.
Darwin says: "Okay, okay!"
Darwin says: "I'll keep it."
Darwin says: "But on one condition, if at any point Dad offers us a better present, I get dibs."
Darwin says: "Deal?"
Gumball says: "Deal."
They shake hands.
Darwin says: "Now check your hands."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "This one,  Now check yours."
Darwin is suddenly holding the watch in his fin.
Darwin says: "WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball has disappeared.
Darwin says: "DOUBLE WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball appears in the left corner while moving his arms around his face, like a magician, then leaves.
At the Wattersons' house, Darwin tells Gumball what he did with the watch.
Darwin says: "I gave it to an old man."
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I said,  "I gave it to an old man!"
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "I heard it the first time, it's just that you DON'T GIVE AWAY A FAMILY HEIRLOOM TO SOME RANDOM GUY!"
Darwin says: "But I thought you were trying to get rid of it."
Gumball says: "What's Dad gonna say now?"
Darwin says: "Is he gonna cry?"
Darwin says: "'Cause if he's gonna cry, I'll cry."
Gumball says: "Oh, don't cry, bubble cheeks, it's my fault as well."
Gumball and Darwin hug and then talk quietly.
Darwin says: "So, since it's obviously your fault, you're gonna get it back right?"
Gumball says: "Well, I would if you hadn't been an total slack-jawed goober and gave it to him."
Darwin says: "But none of this would have happened if you hadn't been such an ungrateful jerk in the first place."
Gumball says: "You do it."
Darwin says: "No, you do it."
Gumball says: "No, you do it."
Richard says: "What are you guys talking about?"
We see Richard hugging Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Uh, how much we like the watch?"
Richard says: "I love you guys."
The Watterson-Finklehimer Feud Continues.
At the seniors' house, Gumball and Darwin are crying on the ground for the watch.
Marvin says: "I'd be more than happy to give this watch back, if it belonged to you!"
Marvin says: "But my name is Marvin Finklehimer, and this watch belongs to the Finklehimer family."
Gumball whispers to Darwin.
Gumball says: "Dude, did you really have to give it to a Finklehimer?"
Marvin says: "Ha!"
Marvin says: "Call that poetic justice."
Gumball says: "Can you really turn down a helpless crying child?"
Marvin says: "You're not crying."
Gumball tries to cry.
Darwin says: "Dude, are you trying to cry, or lay an egg?"
Gumball struggles to cry, holding his hand up, then his eyes explode.
Marvin says: "Get off my lawn."
At the school cafeteria, the recess bell rings.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "Well, we just have to agree to never speak about that watch again."
Darwin says: "But I feel so guilty..."
Gumball says: "Then we shall deal with our emotions like grown-ups: push them down deep inside ourselves and ignore them for the rest of our lives."
Gumball swallows a pea, but the pea comes out of his stomach and back up his throat, causing him to spit it out and hit Darwin.
Darwin says: "Oof!"
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Gumball starts crying.
Gumball says: "It's the guilt, I have a massive knot in my stomach and my body just won't let me eat, we have to get that watch back somehow!"
Marvin says: "For the last time, there's nothing in this world that I'd want to trade for this watch!"
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
Gumball says: "What about the one thing that man has desired since the dawn of time?"
Gumball says: "What about the one thing a man at the dusk of his life craves for more than anything else?"
Gumball says: "What about the secret that has eluded every scientist, alchemist and adventurer of this world?"
Gumball moves very close to Marvin.
Gumball says: "Eternal youth?"
Darwin says: "Youth.."
Darwin says: "youth.."
Darwin says: "youth.."
Darwin says: "youth."
Marvin says: "I'm listening."
Gumball says: "Don't have it."
Darwin says: "But how about a girlfriend?"
Marvin says: "Deal."
Gumball says: "We might need to make you look a little younger."
Persuasion.
At the restaurant Dump's Cave, Marvin is on a dinner date with the Hexagon Lady.
Hexagon lady says: "So, Marvin, how long have you been so..."
Hexagon lady says: "surprised?"
Marvin is revealed to have lots of binder clips holding up all his wrinkles, supposedly to make him appear younger.
Marvin says: "Ahhhhh..."
Hexagon lady says: "Check, please."
Darwin says: "It's not our fault you weren't compatible!"
Marvin says: "It is your fault for giving me that back alley facelift!"
Darwin says: "It was either that or a bag over your head, her advert said no one over twenty-five!"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, dude, but you kinda look like a microwaved toad."
Marvin says: "Get out of here, I'm keeping the watch!"
Gumball grabs Marvin's cane and hefts it in his hands.
Gumball says: "I wish it didn't have to come to this, Marvin."
Marvin says: "What you are doing?"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna beat myself senseless, call the cops and accuse you of doing it!"
Marvin says: "Huh, I think you're a bit too lily-livered for that, son."
Gumball says: "I don't know what that means, but I'm gonna prove it wrong."
Gumball knocks himself in the head once, then his eyes fail to focus. He becomes delusional and starts talking with difficulty; it is evident that the blow dealt him brain damage.
Gumball says: "Ok, I can't remember why I'm angry at you, so I'm gonna go."
Betty​​​​ says: "Is he talking to me now?"
Darwin says: "Ok, I'm gonna walk you home now."
Gumball says: "I can walk home by myself, I'm perfectly capable of putting one foot in front of the other foot..."
Darwin says: "I don't have the heart to tell him that he's going the wrong way."
Last Resort.
In the Wattersons' kitchen, nothing happens in the scene for a while, until Gumball pops out from the sink.
Gumball says: "I can't hide like this anymore, we're just gonna have to tell Dad the truth."
Darwin pops out of a Super Golden Flakes cereal box.
Darwin says: "Oh sure, great plan."
Darwin says: "So how do you want to do it?"
Darwin says: "You can start by rejecting his love, while I sucker punch him with the lack of respect that we have for his entire family heritage or, if you prefer, I'll just rip out his heart while you TEAR HIS SOUL IN HALF!"
Gumball says: "Get out of your box, you just gave me an idea."
Someone with a scythe rings the doorbell to Marvin's house. Marvin opens the door, and is shocked.
Grim Reaper says: "I'VE COME FOR YOU, MARVIN."
Gumball and Darwin get out of the Grim Reaper costume.
Gumball says: "What have we done?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "You said he'd just bargain for his life with the watch, but instead he's gone the way of the dodo!"
Gumball says: "Just give him CPR."
Darwin pushes Gumball out of the way and futilely attempts to perform CPR by blowing air into Marvin's mouth.
Gumball says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "Do it properly, man!"
Darwin says: "I'm not touching his mouth, it looks like the end of an elephant's trunk."
Gumball says: "Ok, hold on."
Gumball says: "Come on Marvin, don't go into the light."
Gumball prepares to perform CPR on Marvin but Darwin stops him.
Darwin says: "No, wait!"
One of the sheets of tissue paper is moving, which shows Marvin is still breathing.
Darwin says: "Ahh, he's been breathing all this time."
Gumball says: "Shhhhh."
Gumball slowly reaches for the watch but Marvin suddenly wakes up.
Marvin says: "I'M KEEPING THE WATCH!"
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHH!"
Darwin says: "AHHHHHHH!"
Marvin says: "It belongs to my family, NOT YOURS!"
Gumball says: "'Cause all I care about is that my dad gave it to me, it'll break his heart when I tell him I lost it."
Marvin says: "Me me me me me me me me me."
Confessions.
Richard is playing video games, the camera then shows Gumball and Darwin with puppy eyes.
Darwin says: "Hey Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, you look great, have you lost weight?"
Richard says: "Hmmm, let me check."
Richard says: "One, two, three, four five six."
Richard says: "No, same as always."
Richard says: "Wait a minute, what have you done wrong?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What gave it away?"
Richard says: "That's what I always ask your mother before I confess something terrible."
Gumball says: "I was just messin', but Darwin..."
Gumball says: "and I gave the watch to him..."
Darwin says: "And then I gave it to Marvin, and then we tried to get it back, but he wouldn't give it back!"
Richard says: "What..."
Richard says: "are you..."
Richard says: "talking about?"
Gumball says: "The watch!"
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "That weird Roman compass thing?"
Richard says: "No one cares about that."
Gumball and Darwin stop crying.
Gumball says: "Really?"
Richard says: "Yeah, I just wanted to get rid of it."
Richard says: "I even tried to give it to Anais before giving it to Darwin."
Richard says: "Just tell Marvin he can keep it."
Gumball rings the doorbell and Marvin comes out.
Gumball says: "Let me stop you there."
Marvin says: "No, I want you to have it."
Gumball says: "Check your hands, you keep it."
Marvin says: "Hmmmm, check behind your ear, you keep it."
Gumball says: "Now check inside your pants."
Marvin says: "But I don't wear any-  Ha ha ha, OK kid, how 'bout this?"
Marvin says: "I'll keep it for now but it's still yours."
Marvin says: "You can get it back anytime you like, deal?"
Gumball says: "Deal."
Scene changes to the Wattersons' TV which is showing an auction channel.
Dealer says: "This table is worth about a thousand dollars."
Customer says: "Oh, my."
Dealer says: "However, this coffee stain brings the value down to about ten dollars."
Camera changes to show Gumball, Darwin and Richard laughing and then changes back to the TV.
Dealer says: "Now this pocket watch is a very special piece."
Dealer says: "Only two were ever made and I'd say it's worth approximately seven-hundred dollars."
The customer and the Wattersons gasp and the scene switches to Marvin who is watching the same show in his living room.
Dealer says: "So, if you're lucky enough to have the other one of these rare timepieces, I suggest you cash it in right away."
Marvin grins evilly.
The Feud Ends.
Both the Wattersons and Marvin get out of their houses, then Marvin gets on his electric scooter and tries to escape. The Wattersons run after him but stop as Richard kneels to the ground.
Richard says: "Noooo, we're never gonna get him!"
Darwin says: "I don't know, we could probably catch up with him if we jog."
Richard says: "Noooo, we're never gonna get him!"
Darwin says: "Wait, I've got an idea!"
Darwin says: "Can we borrow your scooter sir?"
Donald says: "Sure, but you're going to have to fight me for it."
Donald says: "Just take it."
The Wattersons chase Marvin on electric scooters, Darwin and Gumball on one and Richard on another.
Gumball says: "We'll never catch him!"
Richard turns around and sees Patrick jogging toward them.
Richard says: "Don't worry, I have an idea!"
Richard jumps onto Patrick's back.
Patrick says: "What the- Hey!"
Patrick says: "What do you think you're doing-  Woahhhhhhhh!"
Richard catches up with Marvin and he jumps onto his scooter.
Richard says: "A-ha!"
Richard says: "Gimme back the watch you prune-faced pincher."
Marvin says: "Get your sausage fingers out of my face."
Richard says: "AHH HA HA, it's all gummy and lukewarm!"
Richard says: "Gah!"
Marvin laughs. but is rammed by Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "You said we could have it back anytime we want."
Marvin says: "Oh, you can have it right now."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Marvin says: "For seven-hundred dollars!"
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhhhh!"
Darwin says: "Ahhhhhhhh!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing carrying glass through a park?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Hank says: "What are you doing ramming into an octogenarian on a battery-powered wheelchair?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, fair point."
Scene changes to Marvin riding in his scooter.
Marvin says: "Seven-hundred dollars!"
Marvin says: "I can finally afford to pay off my credit card bills!"
Marvin says: "Or maybe I'll buy those gold dentures I've seen in hip hop videos!"
Richard says: "I'll tell you what you need to buy!"
Richard says: "BANDAGES!"
Richard says: "Owwww."
Marvin says: "I'll mail 'em to ya."
Marvin says: "Ahahahaha!"
Gumball says: "This isn't over, Marvin!"
The scene changes to Gumball and Darwin's scooter which is coming down a flight of stairs. In order to avoid collision, both scooters swerve sharply.
Gumball says: "Ahhhhh."
Darwin says: "Ahhhhh."
Marvin says: "Ahhhh, the watch!"
Both scooters end up facing each other, with the watch right in between.
Marvin says: "Forget it, Watterson, the watch is mine and therefore the money is mine!"
Gumball says: "It was never yours, and it will never be, Marvin Finklehimer!"
Both scooters move towards each other.
Marvin says: "Ughhhhh."
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhh."
Marvin says: "Ughhhhh!"
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhh!"
Marvin says: "UGHHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHH!"
Marvin says: "UGHHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "Are we actually gonna risk our lives for seven-hundred dollars?"
Darwin says: "Let's bail."
Marvin says: "Yeah, fair point."
Richard runs into the scene.
Richard says: "Get out of the way, it's gonna explode!"
The scooters hit each other with a harmless "tong." Richard calms down.
Darwin says: "Hey, that's great, now we can sell the watch and split the money."
The episode ends with a freeze frame of both scooters exploding, presumably destroying the watch.