Video Chat.
Episode begins with Gumball at his computer talking to Penny through via webcam.
Gumball says: "Okay, next one, would you still love me if I had an amazing six-pack, but each ab had an udder?"
Penny says: "Mmm, yep."
Penny says: "But what kind of swimsuit would you wear at the beach?"
Gumball says: "Oh you know, just my usual trunks."
Gumball says: "And three bikini tops."
Penny says: "How about you?"
Penny says: "Would you still love me, if every time we kissed, I shouted..."
Penny says: "MAMA LOVES HER RAVIOLI!"
Gumball says: "I'd say "What a coincidence!"
Gumball says: "That's what I always say under my breath after we kiss."
Gumball says: "" Okay, what if I had a medical condition that meant I produced ten thousand times more sweat than the average person?"
Penny says: "I'd say you float my boat!"
Penny says: "A little too literally."
Gumball says: "What if I had a soul patch?"
Penny says: "Oof..."
Penny says: "tough one."
Gumball says: "On my tush!"
Penny says: "I'd say that's where it belongs."
Penny says: "Soul patches are obscene."
Penny says: "Okay, what'd be the deal breaker with me?"
Penny says: "Mm, what if I started wearing a dumb ponytail on the side like this?"
Gumball says: "Eh, not so bad."
Penny says: "What about this?"
Gumball says: "Eh, still manageable."
Penny says: "How about now?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I can already see us driving away, you at the wheel, cans rattling behind the car, under the "just married" sign, as we disappear into the sunset..."
Gumball says: "over the edge of a cliff."
Penny says: "What if I asked you to come to mine and help me resolve a sensitive issue with my parents?"
Gumball says: "I would say I agree."
Gumball says: "The time has come for an intervention regarding your dad's addiction to socks and sandals."
Penny says: "Ha-ha."
Penny says: "It's a little more serious than that."
Gumball says: "Ah don't worry."
Gumball says: "Leave your parents to me."
Gumball says: "I'll just use my TOOT technique."
Penny says: "Your what now?"
Gumball says: "It's an acronym for the four steps needed to resolve any argument."
Penny says: "Oh, right."
Gumball says: "T-O-O-T: Trumpeting attack, offensive acoustics, optical contact, toxic final charge!"
Penny says: "Oh, we'll just stick with the acronym."
Penny says: "So, what are you doing tonight?"
An Awkward Entry.
Gumball reaches the Fitzgerald's house while holding a cake and whistling. He dances to the front door. Suddenly he hears noises inside and rings the doorbell.
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "hello?"
Gumball presses his ear against the door. Shouting is heard, and the sound of glass breaking can also be heard. He tries opening the door but it is locked. He sighs and heads for the backyard.
Gumball says: "Okay."
He climbs over a fence while still holding the cake. As he reaches the top, he sees sprinklers at the other side and groans. Scene cuts to Gumball wearing only underwear while holding his clothes and the cake walking past the sprinklers.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball notices several garden gnomes and a sign reading "WELCOME TO GNOME TOWN!".
Gumball says: "Wrong backyard!"
Woman says: "Who's there?"
Gumball says: "Ohhhh no!"
Gumball tosses the cake and his clothes over the fence leading to the Fitzgerald's backyard and then starts climbing over it. He screams as he sees his clothes get destroyed by Patrick's wood chipper.
Gumball says: "Man, my clothes!"
Gumball says: "What the- AH!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball looks at the Fitzgerald's house. Penny is having an argument with her parents while Polly looks at them nervously. Gumball then spots some towels at the other side of the backyard. He gulps and tries to sneak past the backyard while holding the grass-filled cake.
Patrick says: "We've been in our shell for three hundred years!"
Patrick says: "Do I think that's our perspective?"
Patrick says: "You think we're all wrong and you're right?"
Patrick says: "You're just a kid!"
Gumball accidentally triggers a light which shines right at him in the middle of the backyard. The Fitzgeralds stop arguing and stare.
Gumball says: "Patrick."
Gumball says: "Judith."
Gumball says: "Good evening."
They continue to stare in surprise. Judith covers Polly's eyes.
To Shell or Not to Shell.
Gumball, now wearing a Santa outfit, is seen with the Fitzgeralds at the table.
Gumball says: "So, uh,  thanks for the clothes, Patrick."
Patrick says: "Sorry, that's all we had."
Patrick says: "As you can see, most of us only wear shells, as we have done for generations since the dawn of time!"
Penny says: "But some of us are happy being their true selves and don't feel the need to follow this family's backward rules!"
Penny says: "I mean, do you realize what it was like to wear that at school?!"
Penny says: "!"
Penny says: "All the kids used to call me "peanut butt-head!"
Gumball says: "That is ridiculous!"
Penny says: "I know."
Penny says: "Thank you."
Shot cuts to a photo of shelled Penny with a blank expression on the wall.
Gumball says: "It was more like someone carved a blank emoji face into a dried spud."
Penny shape-shifts into her gorgon form and hisses at Gumball.
Patrick says: "That's not the point!"
Patrick says: "Do you realize what it's like for us to see you walking around basically naked?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Penny says: "In my defense,  and that dinosaur is wearing nothing at all."
Penny says: "Let's be honest, it's pretty hard to know where the line is in terms of public decency in this town."
Patrick says: "Your mother knows!"
Patrick says: "Can't you see how distraught she is?"
Camera zooms in on Judith's expressionless face.
Gumball says: "She looks fine to me."
Patrick says: "It all happens on the inside, Gumball."
Patrick grabs a bucket from under the table, and puts it in front of Judith. Judith holds it, bends her head downwards, and water starts pouring from the eye-holes of her shell. Gumball stares.
Penny says: "Pfft, if you think that's weird, imagine what it's like going to the bathroom."
Gumball does. A thought bubble appears above him, showing Judith in front of their toilet. She then does a handstand on top of it.
Penny says: "Yeah, or maybe don't."
Judith says: "Penny, your shell is part of your heritage; it comes from your ancestors."
Penny says: "If we follow that logic, the ancestors before those ancestors were primates, and yet I've never seen you guys eating each other's lice."
Patrick says: "Oh, you think this is funny?"
Patrick says: "Then let me tell you a story  Once upon a time, there was a young peanut girl who came out of her shell in a dangerous, modern world."
Gumball says: "And what happened?"
Patrick says: "SHE DIED!"
Everyone but Patrick and Polly gasps.
Patrick says: "Eighty years later."
Gumball says: "Eh, could have been worse."
Patrick says: "OF A COMMON COLD, BECAUSE SHE  WASN'T WEARING HER SHELL!"
Penny says: "Oh, please, I'll tell you a story."
Penny says: "Once upon a time, there was a bird who was so backwards, that when his computer had a virus, he poured chicken soup into the DVD tray."
Penny says: "He was so backwards that he still watched movies on VHS, in rewind!"
Penny says: "He was so backwards that when his tablet asked if he wanted to update, he chiseled the word "no" into it!"
Patrick says: "Ha!"
Patrick says: "I like that bird."
Patrick says: "Sounds like me."
Penny says: "Well, that bird forced his whole family to stay in their eggs and you know what happened?"
Penny says: "THEY DIED!"
Everyone but Penny and Polly gasps.
Penny says: "Of boredom, for the rest of their lives."
Patrick says: "Oh, yeah."
Patrick says: "I think I get the moral of your story."
Penny says: "Exactly, he should have let go of tradition and just let them be themselves."
Patrick says: "No, should have made them wear two shells."
Penny says: "Don't you get it?"
Penny says: "That bird is you and you're oppressing this family."
Patrick says: "I am not oppressing anyone!"
Penny says: "You're oppressing me!"
Patrick says: "I am not oppressing you!"
Patrick says: "I'm just exercising my authority to force you to do something you don't want to do!"
Penny says: "That's the exact  definition of oppression!"
Polly says: "I have a story."
Penny returns to her original form.
Polly says: "Once upon a time, there was a little peanut who found a magical hat, which was also a puppy who could play the flute the end."
Short pause; everyone stares at her.
Penny says: "I am not going back in my shell!"
Patrick says: "And we are not getting out of ours!"
Penny says: "Come on, back me up."
Gumball says: "I don't know..."
Gumball says: "The atmosphere is getting kind of icy, wouldn't you say?"
Cuts to the other Fitzgeralds. The entire area is cold, they are all covered in icicles, and the water Judith is pouring in her cup is frozen. Gumball uses an ice scraper to remove ice from his eyes.
Gumball says: "This argument is just not my cup of tea."
Gumball says: "Mainly because I don't like my tea laced with face-melting poison."
Gumball says: "Uh, I-I think maybe you guys need outside help."
Patrick says: "I agree."
Patrick says: "Gumball, you decide."
Patrick says: "Shell or no shell?"
Gumball says: "Uh, I meant, more like professional help."
Penny says: "You mean like a counselor?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, or like a cage-fighting referee or something."
Patrick says: "Nonsense, I trust you'll make the right decision."
Patrick says: "For the good of everyone."
Patrick says: "Including you."
Gumball suddenly deflates onto the floor.
Penny says: "Gumball, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Feeling the weight of this decision."
The Fitzgeralds Threaten Gumball.
Gumball is shown sitting outside the glass door, nervously trying to think. He sighs shortly after. Suddenly grinding can be heard. Patrick is in the tool shed sharpening his axe while casting a threatening look at Gumball. Gumball gasps. Patrick is then shown using the axe to cut a piece of log, with the same face. Gumball gasps again. Patrick is then shown making part of the log into a flute, with the same face. Gumball is confused. Patrick then plays the Funeral March on it.
Gumball says: "Maybe you should have stopped at the axe."
Patrick says: "Yeah, I got a bit carried away and lost the plot a little."
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "I got the message."
Gumball sighs. Judith then comes out wearing an apron and holding a tray.
Judith says: "Oh, try not to worry too much."
Judith says: "Just follow your heart and say what you want to say."
Judith says: "I know you will make the right decision."
Gumball says: "Oh, thank you Mrs."
Gumball says: "Fitzgerald."
Judith says: "Here, have a cookie."
Judith says: "It'll help clear your mind."
Gumball says: "Ah, thank- WHAT THE WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The cookie is revealed to be a dead Gumball cut into half, with pinkish icing spread around it.
Gumball says: "Wh-What happened?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Judith says: "Oh, just a little accident in the kitchen."
Judith says: "Good boy."
Judith says: "Bye now."
Gumball says: "Oh, no no no!"
Gumball stands up and walks around while mumbling. Suddenly, his phone chimes.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Message from Penny."
Gumball says: ""I know you'll say the right thing."
Gumball says: "" Aw, then she added a little thumbs-up emoji to cheer me on."
Gumball says: ""That was the closest I could find to a hand with missing fingers."
Gumball says: "Just to clarify, it was a threat."
Gumball holds his hand sideways while doing a thumbs-up and looks. He becomes nervous.
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Gumball hears blinds shuffling. Polly is seen at the second floor window. She holds up a piece of paper with a green duck-like creature with a crocodile mouth and one leg. Gumball squints his eyes.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Polly says: "A crocoduck."
Gumball says: "A..."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Okay, cool."
Once Upon a Time...
Back at the dining table, Patrick and Penny are looking at Gumball menacingly, Judith is creepily grinning, and Polly is smiling.
Gumball says: "I have made my decision, and to illustrate my point, I'm going to tell you a story."
Suddenly, clouds flow across the screen and the animation changes to low poly.
Gumball says: "Once upon a time, a long, long time ago, in a castle far, far away lived a king, who was irrationally scared of the world outside."
The king rides on his horse across a hill when a colorful worm walks by.
Worm says: "Hi, do you know where I can get my parking ticket validated?"
The king and his horse scream and trash around, running back into the castle afterwards.
Gumball says: "So he decided to close the doors of their castle."
The castle door closes.
Gumball says: "Forever."
Worm says: "Uh, it's cool man."
Worm says: "I just realized that actually we're in medieval times and there's so such things as cars."
People inside the castle scream and the screen zooms out to show the entire castle trashing around.
Gumball says: "But closing the doors was not enough."
Gumball says: "The king made everyone wear a suit of armor."
Gumball says: "It was impractical."
A sunbathing person melts inside their armor.
Gumball says: "But they got used to it."
And another person breaks the diving board and falls into the pool.
Gumball says: "Apart from one person."
Gumball says: "The Princess, who one day, came out of her armor, and she was beautiful."
The low poly Penny turns around with several warts shown on her face.
Low Poly Penny says: "Ah!"
Penny says: "I think the Princess could look a bit better than that."
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Penny's face switches through several weird designs.
Gumball says: "Oh, s-sorry that's not what I was trying to do."
Penny says: "Come on, I look as if I could lick my own forehead!"
Gumball says: "Uh, sorry."
Gumball says: "Let me just, um..."
Penny says: "Okay, okay, whatever."
Penny says: "Just get on with the story please!"
It stops at a weird cloudy head design that keeps on changing shapes. This continues throughout the rest of this story.
Gumball says: "The king was upset she ditched her armor, but the Princess wanted everyone else to ditch theirs, too, and be themselves."
Gumball says: "So she invited an impossibly handsome prince to solve the problem."
An extremely handsome prince with blue skin representing Gumball comes through the door.
Low Poly Penny says: "Oh, prince that I love, please help us reach a decision!"
King says: "May this decision be right, or I will take your hand and it won't be in marriage!"
Gumball says: "And the Princess replied..."
Low Poly Penny says: "Mwarfurludrup!"
Gumball says: "Which was either a threat or an angry burp and neither was good news."
Gumball says: "So the Prince gave his answer..."
Gumball says: "in the form of a story."
Clouds flow across the screen again and now a forest is shown.
Gumball says: "Once upon a time, there was a family of cocoons living happily on a tree branch."
Gumball says: "Then one day, one of the cocoons broke open, and from within emerged..."
Gumball says: "a beautiful butterfly!"
Butterfly Penny says: "Come out of your cocoons, guys, and be gorgeous too!"
Gumball says: "The cocoon family was fuming, you could see it on their faces."
Camera cuts to the faceless cocoons; A long pause.
Gumball says: "The situation was tense, so they called a handsome ladybug boy to help them resolve the problem."
Gumball says: "And you know what the ladybug said?"
Ladybug Boy says: "Once upon a time..."
The Fitzgeralds groan off-screen as the clouds cover the screen again. Now the underground of a field is shown.
Ladybug Boy says: "There was a family of seeds who lived deep underground."
Ladybug Boy says: "They loved it."
Purple Seed says: "There's no air!"
Penny Seed says: "Or light!"
Pink Seed says: "Or sound!"
All Seeds says: "We love it!"
Ladybug Boy says: "But one day, one of the seeds decided to grow, and she became a beautiful flower."
Ladybug Boy says: "The other seeds didn't like it, so they called a handsome gardener to solve the problem."
A large pair of blue feet appears behind Flower Penny.
Ladybug Boy says: "Hey, I said handsome!"
Each toe on the right foot becomes a handsome blue head.
Ladybug Boy says: "Uh, anyway, you know what the gardener said?"
Blue heads says: "Once upon a time-!"
It Worked?
The shot suddenly cuts back to reality.
Penny says: "grow new muscles on my tongue."
Patrick says: "Exactly."
Patrick says: "Repeating the same point to someone who disagrees with you doesn't change their mind, IT JUST MAKES THEM ANGRIER!"
Patrick says: "Your inane stories are doing exactly what we're do-  What we're..."
Penny says: "What we're doing to each other."
Judith says: "Maybe we just need to agree to disagree."
Patrick says: "Yeah."
Patrick says: "It's like riding a three-legged horse."
Patrick says: "It won't be a smooth ride, and it will definitely hurt your butt, but at least it still goes somewhere."
The three hug each other. Polly smiles.
Penny says: "Wow."
Penny says: "That was really smart, Gumball."
The Fitzgeralds look and see Gumball run out of the house and jump over the fence. The episode ends.