The New Greeting.
Elmore Junior High schoolyard. Gumball has a finger in Darwin's mouth.
Gumball says: "No?"
Darwin says: "No, I don't think USB-ing will replace the high-five."
Gumball says: "Maybe it's the name."
Gumball says: "What about..."
Gumball says: ""digit-docking"."
Darwin says: "I don't think the name's the problem."
Darwin says: "Although admittedly that name would be a problem."
Gumball says: "Oh, how about a more manly version of the classic French greeting?"
Gumball says: "Okay, do this."
Gumball says: "And now you kiss my guns."
Gumball says: "Too manly?"
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "What about the dog salute?"
Darwin says: "Uh, maybe?"
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "They're sniffing each other's backsides."
Darwin says: "Eh, I suppose that's still better than what Tobias does."
Gumball says: "What does he do?"
Darwin says: "Starts kinda normal with a high-five but then, right after, he gives you a slap on the butt."
Gumball says: "That's outrageous!"
Gumball says: "Exactly the sort of unpleasant macho behavior that my new greeting will eliminate."
Gumball says: "The nerve!"
Darwin says: "Here he comes."
Tobias enters the schoolyard and greets his friends.
Tobias​ says: "Hey."
Leslie​ says: "Oh!"
Tobias​ says: "Hey Idaho, my bro-tato."
Idaho says: "Aah!"
Tobias​ says: "Alan, my man!"
Alan​ says: "Ow!"
Tobias​ says: "Hey big guy, put it right there."
Hector says: "Ow."
Tobias walks up to Gumball and Darwin.
Tobias​ says: "Hey dude, gimme some fin!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "He did it to everyone except you!"
Gumball says: "Psh."
Gumball says: "Yeah I know, I wouldn't, like, take that, you know?"
Darwin says: "You're lucky."
Darwin says: "You're literally the only guy he doesn't do it to."
Gumball says: "Yeah I know I'm- I'm lucky."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Quest for the Slap.
Gumball, Darwin, Tobias and others are in gym class.
Coach  Russo says: "Okay, that's time, wrap it up."
Everyone starts heading to the exit, where Tobias waits to "high-five" classmates as they leave.
Tobias​​ says: "Good game!"
Tobias​​ says: "Uh."
Tobias​​ says: "Good job!"
Tobias reaches out his hand to Gumball but his legs extend so that Tobias' hand is at butt level. They awkwardly shake hands. Gumball lets out a disappointed sigh and hits his head on the door frame as he walks out with his legs still extended. The school bell rings, Gumball is in the hallway peeking around a corner to spy on Leslie and Tobias.
Tobias​​ says: "I'm telling you man, Masami winked at me this morning!"
Leslie​​ says: "Technically if you close both eyes it's blinking."
Tobias​​ says: "Nah, double the winks, double the trouble dude!"
Tobias​​ says: "Anyway, catch you later."
Tobias​​ says: "I gotta go wiggle my eyebrows at her."
Gumball says: "Oh, hey man."
Tobias​​ says: "Oh, uh."
Tobias​​ says: "Hey."
Gumball presents his butt to Tobias, wiggling his eyebrows and smiling at him.
Tobias​​ says: "Uh, yeah..."
Tobias​​ says: "Gotta go."
Gumball says: "Even if it's the last thing you do..."
Gumball says: "before the end of school."
He starts running and spots Tobias.
Gumball says: "Hey, hey."
Tobias​​ says: "Hey..."
Tobias​​ says: "again."
Tobias​​ says: "Uh, see you later."
Gumball says: "Aren't you forgetting something?"
Tobias​​ says: "No, I don't think so..."
Tobias​​ says: "See you!"
Tobias tries to walk away but Gumball's butt extends to stop him. He manages to squeeze through along the wall and runs away.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball's butt suddenly retracts, knocking Darwin out.
School bell rings. At the school cafeteria, Leslie chokes on his food. Tobias slaps his back, saving him. Witnessing the scene Gumball pretends to choke.
Gumball says: "Help, help!"
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Hector says: "I got this!"
In music class, Tobias plays the drums lined up in front of him, sees the last one is Gumball's butt and hesitates for a second before deciding to hit a crash cymbal instead. Gumball stands up, glares at him and walks off. In the next scene, Tobias tries to swat a fly with his hand. Gumball jumps in butt first, knocking the desk over and crashing into something offscreen. Finally, at the library, Tobias opens a book and Gumball's butt pops out of it.
Darwin says: "Dude, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I don't know anymore."
Gumball's Despair.
The Wattersons' house. Gumball looks out his room's window. He starts singing "My Lonely Backside And I".
Gumball says: "Maybe it's me."
Gumball says: "Maybe I'm just not good enough."
Is my butt not pert?
Is it not inviting?
And is that the reason, for Tobias' slighting?
I only want a pat, just a tiny bump.
A casual little "Hey there!" for my lonely rump.
I feel I have a duty, to defend my sad behind.
It's not the finest booty, but it has feelings so do I.
I don't wanna sound whiny, but I feel bad for my hiney.
I just needed someone here, who would gently touch my rear.
To be friendly, to be fair, to respect my derriere.
Sheds a tear I'll just give up and cry.
My lonely backside and I...
Darwin says: "I'm not sure that warranted a song."
Darwin says: "Look, maybe you should just let it slide for once."
Darwin says: "I know it's not easy, but you've still got me."
Darwin says: "I'm here to help!"
Gumball says: "Thanks dude."
Gumball says: "I knew I could rely on you."
Tricking Tobias.
Gumball and Darwin are in the school hallway peeking around a corner.
Darwin says: "When I said "help", I didn't mean "help you trick Tobias into slapping your butt."
Gumball says: "Shh, here he comes."
Gumball says: "So."
Gumball says: "When he goes to give you the slap, you jump out of the way and I get it."
Tobias​ says: "Hey, what's happenin' Dar-wizzle?"
When Tobias is about to slap Darwin's butt, Gumball pushes him out of the way and presents his butt instead. In slow-motion Tobias realizes who he is about to slap, he slaps his own face and knocks himself out.
Gumball says: "Noo!"
Gumball says: "Now he'll never slap me on the- Oh wait."
Gumball says: "It still counts if he's unconscious, right?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it counts."
Gumball says: "Aaand, I just realized this is wrong on so many levels."
Bonding with Tobias.
School bell rings. Gumball and Darwin are sitting in class.
Darwin says: "If it means so much to you, why don't you ask Tobias directly?"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "I'm not a beggar, I'm a chooser."
Darwin says: "Maybe he thinks you guys aren't friends enough for this kind of..."
Darwin says: "contact."
Gumball says: "So, you're telling me I need to  lure this hopeless fool into the deadly web of my friendship."
Darwin says: "You're making it sound creepy."
Darwin says: "How about you just be nice to him?"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Gain his confidence then stab him in the heart with the burning blade of my friendship."
Darwin says: "Yeah, that sounds even worse."
Darwin says: "You know what?"
Darwin says: "Let's just..."
Darwin says: "skip to the moment when you fail."
School bell rings. Tobias is eating at a table in the cafeteria.
Gumball says: "Use your anger and fall into my trap, you worm!"
Tobias​ says: "I haven't touched you and I already feel like I need to wash this hand."
Gumball says: "Oh, or we can just take it slow!"
Darwin says: "You know, you can't just force a friendship like that."
Darwin says: "It takes time, and a lot of shared experiences."
Gumball says: "You're right!"
Gumball says: "Nobody remembers the good times, it's the really bad times that bring people together."
Darwin says: "Yeah you see, you're missing the point again."
Gumball says: "I will put Tobias through such an emotionally scarring, physically grueling experience, that he won't slap my butt when it's over: he'll kiss it!"
Darwin says: "Wait, what the- Where are you going?"
The Bromance.
Tobias opens the door to the school's roof.
Tobias​ says: "Masami?"
Tobias​ says: "Are you there?"
Tobias​ says: ""Dear Tobias, meet me on the roof after school, double wink."
Tobias​ says: "Masami."
Tobias​ says: "P."
Tobias​ says: "S."
Tobias​ says: "Clips your nails."
Tobias​ says: ""..."
Tobias​ says: "what?"
The door to the roof shuts. Gumball sits behind it, with ruffled fur and dark circles under his eyes.
Gumball says: "No no no no!"
Gumball says: "The door, the door!"
Tobias​ says: "What are you doing here?"
Gumball says: "What took you so long?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I put that note in your locker two days ago!"
Tobias​ says: "Well, you're supposed to let girls wait."
Tobias​ says: "Otherwise it makes you look too desper- Wait a minute."
Tobias​ says: "You tricked me!"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "But that's completely irrelevant now."
Gumball says: "We're trapped up here and nobody's gonna be here 'til Monday morning!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Tobias​ says: "We'll do what real men do."
Tobias​ says: "SURVIVE."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Tobias​ says: "We both know it's gonna happen at some point."
Tobias​ says: "And I'm clearly the alpha here."
Gumball says: "I'm the one who hasn't eaten for two days!"
Gumball says: "This isn't working."
Tobias​ says: "There's only one thing for it: we're gonna have to work together."
They start singing "Stay Alive".
Tobias​ says: "When you're in a rut."
Tobias​ says: "Back!"
And then you will survive.
You gotta work with your buddy when the situation's cruddy.
And you might just stay alive.
Gumball says: "But I think I should've stopped ya."
The end is gettin' near, what we need's- a helicopter!
A helicopter is flying near the building.
And then we will survive.
They remove their arms and legs to form letters on the roof.
Tobias​ says: "I got a spare leg!"
Gumball says: "Just throw it away."
Pilot says: ""Need help?"
Pilot says: "" No, I'm fine, thank you!"
The helicopter flies away.
Gumball says: "What- what were you thinking?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Tobias​ says: "Aw, this is your fault!"
Gumball says: "Why would you put a question mark at the end?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Cause friendship's not enough.
You can forget the bromance,.
Cause we stand a better chance with actual survival stuff!
Birds circle overhead as if about to feed on Gumball on Tobias, who are visibly dehydrated.
Tobias​ says: "We're not gonna make it."
Tobias​ says: "And we're in this mess because of you!"
Tobias​ says: "You're a..."
Tobias​ says: "a fool!"
Gumball says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "Well, you look like a clown's armpit!"
Tobias​ says: "Okay it's full!"
Tobias​ says: "How does it taste?"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "better than the other option."
Tobias​ says: "We're never gonna survive this."
Tobias​ says: "But before it's over at least tell me, why?"
Gumball says: "All I wanted was one of your little butt slaps."
Tobias​ says: "But, I thought you would hate that!"
Gumball says: "I just wanted to be included and..."
Gumball says: "It got out of hand."
Gumball says: "And now I have to pay my taxes to this giant nostril."
Tobias​ says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I usually file through my accountant, but he is in Boca."
Tobias​ says: "Dude, I think you're hallucinating."
Tobias​ says: "And your face looks like a cat, but not enough."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you don't look too good yourself."
Gumball and Tobias lie down.
Gumball says: "I think..."
Gumball says: "this is the end."
Tobias​ says: "I see..."
Tobias​ says: "I see the Grim Reaper."
Tobias​ says: "He looks like a high school dropout chicken Kiev."
Rocky says: "Hey!"
Rocky says: "I didn't drop out, I flaked out."
Rocky says: "Whatcha doin'?"
Rocky says: "Me and Darwin have been lookin' for you guys for days."
Gumball says: "What took you so long?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "You ran away before telling me where you were going!"
Darwin says: "I think this whole experience can teach you a valuable lesson: you should never hound a friend just to get them to slap your butt."
Gumball says: "Darwin, thank you."
Gumball says: "Thank you..."
Gumball says: "for reminding me the point of all this, I had completely forgotten!"
Gumball says: "I have to get him to slap my butt!"
The Slap.
School bell rings. Tobias greets his friends as he walks through the hallway.
Tobias​ says: "Hey."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Someone has to take a stand..."
Episode ends.