The Worst Day Ever.
The episode starts with the whole Wattersons family going inside their house. They are complaining noisily.
All says: "Worst day ever!"
Then they sit on the couch. Its legs break due to their combined weight. They all grunt angrily.
Nicole says: "Richard, it's your turn to make dinner!"
Nicole says: "The only thing I feel like serving up today is a knuckle sandwich!"
Richard says: "Gumball, it's your turn to make dinner!"
Gumball says: "Why?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Because I'm too angry to think of a valid excuse!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, make dinner!"
Darwin says: "Why me?"
Darwin says: "Anais-!"
Richard says: "Look."
Richard says: "We've all had a difficult day."
Richard says: "What we need is a balanced meal with meat and vegetables."
Richard says: "I'm thinking tomatoes, and ham served on a bread base for a slow release of energy with melted cheese on top because dairy products are good for growing children's bone structure."
Richard says: "It should minimize dishwashing, and be round in shape negating any sharp edges to avoid oral injuries."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Nicole says: "Oh, yeah."
Anais says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "Pizza."
Darwin says: "Pizza."
Nicole says: "Pizza."
Anais says: "Pizza."
Richard says: "Dagnabbit, I thought I just invented a new food."
Richard says: "I was gonna call it "The circular half-sandwich with stuff on it."
Richard says: ""  I guess my greatest invention will remain the potato sticks fried in oil."
Anais says: "I think you're still a little bit intense, Mom."
Anais says: "You shouldn't touch anything for a while and let Dad do it."
Pizza Time.
Richard says: "Okay, have you got it?"
Larry says: "Yes."
Larry says: "We have a family-sized pizza with one-fifth Margherita, one-fifth vegetarian, one-fifth surf, one-fifth turf, and one-fifth mega meat."
Larry says: "None of the fifths can be cooked in the same oven but must be an identical temperature on delivery."
Richard says: "And a toy."
Larry says: "I'm sorry sir."
Larry says: "We don't do toys."
Richard says: "AND A TOY."
Larry says: "I guess I can run by the toy store."
Larry says: "Your pizza will be there in forty-five minutes."
Richard says: "I don't have forty-five minutes!"
Richard says: "Faster!"
Larry says: "Fine."
Larry says: "If I skip my break, I can be there in half an hour."
Larry says: "FINE."
Larry says: "If I run the red lights, I can be there in fifteen minutes!"
Richard says: "That is acceptable."
Larry says: "That'll be nine ninety-nine, and would you like to add a tip?"
Richard says: "Nnnn-I don't know."
Richard says: "Does it taste good?"
Larry says: "No, sir."
Larry says: "I mean do you want to pay a gratuity, for service and in compensation for the half-hour long order you just made?"
Richard says: "Do I have a choice?"
Larry says: "Always, sir!"
Richard says: "Great!"
Richard says: "Then no!"
Richard says: "We're getting a pizza, and I saved us money!"
Richard says: "This day just got twice as good!"
Waiting for the Order.
Outside, the Donut Cop drives into the Watterson's trashcans. Then he drives away. The Wattersons, all bored, wait for their pizza.
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "This is taking forever."
Nicole says: "Be patient, boys."
Nicole says: "It's only been sixteen minutes."
Nicole says: "Let's take our minds off it."
Richard says: "Turn it off!"
Richard says: "Pie charts make me hungry!"
Nicole says: "when the car broke down."
Larry says: "Well, the damage is only superficial."
Larry says: "So it shouldn't cost more than a hundred dollars."
Nicole says: "A hundred dollars?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Excuse me?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Larry says: "Better make that two-hundred."
Nicole says: "Wha-a-a-at?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Larry says: "Uh, five-hundred?"
Nicole says: "WHAT?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Larry says: "Seven-fifty?"
Nicole says: "Before I do what I'm about to do, I want you to know this is not your fault."
Nicole says: "You're just doing your job, but someone has to suffer for what happened and unfortunately, you're the only one around."
Larry says: "Uh."
Larry says: "Would you like to add a tip?"
Nicole says: "Sure, a little extra twelve percent."
Nicole says: "YOU'RE A WORTHLESS MAGGOT!"
Flashback ends.
Still Waiting.
Outside, the Donut Cop's car is on fire but continues to move on its own. The Wattersons continue to wait in boredom and hunger. Richard sighs, and looks at his family. He repeatedly sighs.
Nicole says: "Alright, fine!"
Nicole says: "Richard, how was your day?"
Richard says: "I don't want to talk about it!"
Nicole says: "Richard, you obviously want the attention."
Richard says: "Fine, if you all insist."
Richard says: "…Come on."
Richard says: "Insist!"
Gumball says: "Just tell the story already!"
Richard says: "Alright."
Flashback to Richard ordering food at the front of a line.
Richard says: "Five double cheeseburgers, and three cookies and cream shakes."
Larry says: "Sir, please!"
Larry says: "You just ingested twelve-thousand calories an hour ago!"
Larry says: "To burn that off, you would literally have to catch fire."
Larry says: "I can't in good conscience serve you another meal before you exercise!"
Richard says: "But I did exercise."
Larry says: "Sir, I saw you."
Larry says: "You just walked outside, stared at your watch for an hour, and walked straight back in."
Richard sighs, and walks away. Suddenly he jumps onto the counter, and drinks a shake directly from the dispenser.
Larry says: "Sir, stop that!"
Larry says: "Sir, you need to leave!"
Larry says: "You've had enough!"
Richard says: "I'll tell you when I've had enough!"
Larry says: "Sir!"
Larry says: "I'm gonna have to ask you to pay for that!"
Larry says: "Huh."
Larry says: "I'm sorry, but it's company policy to ask."
Larry says: "Would you like to add a tip?"
Richard stops eating and walks over to the counter. He takes all the straws, rips off part of their wrappers, and blows the remaining wrappers at Larry. Then he runs away.
Larry says: "Okay."
Flashback ends.
Darwin says: "Well, the customer is always right."
Darwin says: "So even though you were very clearly in the wrong, you were in the right."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "WHERE'S THE PIZZA!"
Gumball says: "?"
He looks at Darwin, and sees him as a sausage.
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I'm so hungry I'm starting to hallucinate."
Darwin shakes his head, and sees Gumball as a handbag.
Darwin says: "I'm so hungry I can't even hallucinate right."
Nicole as an ice cream, Richard as a hamburger, Gumball still as a handbag, Darwin still as a sausage, and Anais as a cupcake all sigh.
Larry Quits His Jobs.
Tobias runs and screams as he is chased by biker gangs. There is fire, and an explosion behind the Watterson's house. The family still waits, unaware of the situation in the outside world. Then the lights fluctuate.
Gumball says: "Well."
Gumball says: "Since the pizza still hasn't arrived, I might as well tell you why we're in such a bad mood."
Flashback. Gumball, Darwin and Anais wait in a line at Laser Video.
Gumball says: "Exactly what I'm saying, dude!"
Gumball says: "These days, the trailers show you the whole thing, apart from the end credits."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "What's the point of watching the whole movie when you already know what happens in it?"
Darwin says: "It's like going up to this guy  and saying "Oh, you know that movie about the wizard kid under the stairs?"
Darwin says: "Well, at the end the bearded dude gets iced by the goth guy."
Dr. Butt farts in anger.
Anais says: "Or like that one with the asthmatic robot who turns out to be the laser samurai's dad."
Sussie's Mom rips off her hair, screams, and walks away.
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "Or at the end of the planet in the monkeys when we realize that it was Earth all along."
Larry says: "Guys, please!"
Larry says: "You're killing my business here."
Gumball, Darwin and Anais look behind them and notice that everyone is gone.
Gumball says: "Dude, there's no one here."
Anais says: "You need to rethink your financial motto."
Anais says: "No one rents DVDs anymore."
Larry says: "Then what are you doing here?"
Gumball says: "Supporting my favorite store!"
Larry says: "Well, how 'bout a tip?"
Gumball says: "Well, sure."
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "Hey, look, a twenty."
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "What kind of store bans its own customers?"
All says: "Worst day EVER!"
Anais says: "…Wait."
Anais says: "Do you know who really had the worst day ever?"
Richard says: "Me!"
Gumball says: "Me!"
Darwin says: "Me!"
Nicole says: "Me!"
Anais says: "No, guys."
Anais says: "Who really suffered all day?"
Richard says: "Me."
Gumball says: "Me."
Darwin says: "Me."
Nicole says: "Me."
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "Who always puts up with us without ever getting any respect or gratitude?"
Richard says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Me!"
Gumball says: "Me!"
Darwin says: "Me!"
Nicole says: "Me!"
Anais says: "NO!"
Anais says: "Who's the person who's probably spitting in our pizza because of how we've all treated him?"
Richard says: "…you?"
Gumball says: "…you?"
Darwin says: "…you?"
Nicole says: "…you?"
Anais says: "NO!"
Anais says: "LARRY!"
Anais says: "It's Larry, guys."
Gumball, Darwin, Nicole, and Richard all mumble, not knowing who Larry is.
Anais says: "The guy that does every job in this town."
Gumball says: "Ohhh."
Gumball says: "Barry!"
Nicole says: "I always thought he was called "Harry."
Richard says: "Wait."
Richard says: "Mary is a man?"
Larry says: "Goodbye, Elmore!"
The phone call ends. At that moment, the electricity goes out. A siren is heard. It turns out to be Richard wailing.
Richard says: "We're never gonna get our pizza!"
Anais says: "No, this is really bad!"
Anais says: "This town doesn't function without Larry."
Gumball says: "Let's not panic."
Gumball says: "How bad can things get in fifteen minutes?"
He draws the curtains covering a window, and reveals a scene of total chaos, anarchy and the apocalypse of Elmore. People scream and Gary runs from cube dogs as cars bump into each other and explode. A passenger plane crashes and explodes. A tiger jumps onto a vulnerable Marvin. At once, Gumball covers the window.
Gumball says: "Okay, I think we'd better apologize to Larry."
Elmore-pocalypse.
The family starts their car, but fails.
Nicole says: "Someone's siphoned down all of our gas!"
Gumball says: "I think they took a little more than that."
Their car breaks down. Citizens steal the remains of the car in a flash.
Richard pretends to start up a car, and they all move with him. They run across the wreckage of the town.
Gumball says: "How can things get this bad?"
Anais says: "This is what happens when Larry's on strike!"
Sal Left Thumb steals a television. He stops as Gumball talks to him.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Think for a second."
Gumball says: "Stealing TVs in the middle of the apocalypse?"
Gumball says: "Can't you see how wrong and stupid this is?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Yeah, you're right!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "There's no TV signal!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Thanks, kid."
He runs off only to be tackled by the Donut Cop. The family cheers for him.
Donut Sheriff says: "thank you very much."
Anais says: "What!"
Anais says: "Aren't you supposed to fight crime?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Larry also worked as the police force accountant."
Donut Sheriff says: "I haven't been paid, so goshdarn you all!"
He gets in his car, and drives off only to crash into the window of a store. He then throws an object at the remains of the window, and gets inside. Richard begins grabbing things.
Gumball says: "Dad, what're you doing?"
Richard says: "I'm getting provisions for our life in the broken world."
Richard says: "You'll thank me when you're sleeping in your comfy canoe."
Anais says: "Can't we just sleep on the mattress?"
Richard says: "No way!"
Richard says: "That's our emergency raft in case the town floods."
Anais says: "Oh, come on!"
Anais says: "We don't have time for this."
Anais says: "We have to find Larry before things get worse."
Darwin says: "How can they get any worse?"
Gumball says: "How about a plague of locusts?"
Darwin says: "A whaaaa?"
Gumball says: "Locu-u-usts!"
The family runs away, and takes cover as a swarm of locusts fly by them.
Anais says: "This is turning apocalyptic!"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "It's just that Larry was in charge of pest control."
Darwin says: "Guys, it's Principal Brown!"
Darwin says: "I think he might be hurt!"
Brown is lying facedown on the ground. Darwin walks to him.
Darwin says: "Principal Brown?"
Darwin says: "Are you alive?"
He doesn't move, but amongst the wreckage there is movement.
Darwin says: "Principal Brown?"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "It's an ambush!"
Principal Brown gets up, and scares Darwin. He has markings on his face, and goggles in place of glasses.
Nigel Brown says: "I am no longer Principal Brown."
Nigel Brown says: "I am the eagle of the rooooost!"
Leslie, Alan, Tobias, and Carmen's father emerge from the wreckage around. Jackie moves out of the ruined vehicle, clinging bottles, and Harold emerges from the vehicle, trying to growl and charge at the Wattersons, although he is held back by his collar from Jackie.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "What do you want!"
Gumball says: "?"
The twisted citizens advance slowly to the family, but are stopped by Mr. Small's megaphone. He stands atop a heap of wreckage.
Mister Small says: "This is our territory, and you are now our prey."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Are you planning to eat us?"
Mr. Small jumps down, and approaches them.
Mister Small says: "Yes, I ran out of tofu and soy milk."
Mister Small says: "So you guys aren't on any antibiotics, are you?"
Mister Small says: "If I have to eat meat, I want it to be organic."
Gumball says: "Are you serious!"
Gumball says: "?"
Mister Small says: "I'm sorry."
Mister Small says: "But it's survival of the fittest."
Nicole says: "Good."
Nicole says: "Then you won't mind me doing this."
She grabs Mr. Small, and flings him on Harold and Jackie, knocking them out. Then she grabs Leslie, bites off a petal and uses his pot like a mace, taking out Carmen's dad. Nicole howls, and throws Leslie down. She punches Principal Brown and sends him flying to a vehicle windshield.
Alan says: "Hey!"
Nicole says: "HUH?"
Alan backs away. Nicole then blows, and he gets popped by a sharp part of Harold’s hair.
All says: "YEAH!"
The Apology for Larry.
In one portion of Elmore, Larry sadly looks down at his empty tip jar and breathes heavily. Then the Wattersons come to him. They are dressed as if it was the apocalypse.
Larry says: "Why are you guys here?"
Larry says: "And why are you dressed like that?"
Gumball says: "Because, it's the apocalypse!"
Gumball says: "And because… well, it-it's the apocalypse."
Anais says: "Society collapsed as soon as you resigned."
Larry says: "But that was only twenty minutes ago."
In the distance, a large explosion followed by a mushroom cloud occurs.
Gumball says: "Yeah, and that's all the time it took for us to realize our mistake."
Gumball says: "We needed to be reminded of how precious you are."
Gumball says: "So this is for you, Gary."
He puts a hundred-dollar bill into Larry's tip jar.
Larry says: "A hundred-dollar bill?"
Larry says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Don't get too excited."
Gumball says: "Without you, there is no business and since nothing was being bought, which ruined the economy and forced up inflation, this one-hundred dollar bill can probably just about get you a rat burger, or a kick in the teeth."
Larry says: "Still, it came from the heart."
Larry says: "But in that case, this pizza now costs nine-thousand dollars."
Nicole says: "Do you mind if I write you a roadkill check?"
Larry says: "Sure!"
Larry says: "We now also accept payment in uranium, antibiotics, and melee weapons."
Nicole gives Larry a check.
Richard says: "And here's your tip."
He hands over some rats which scares Larry. Episode ends.