Daniel Lennard.
At the Wattersons' front lawn, Gumball and Darwin are frantically digging through trash as an unimpressed Anais watches them.
Gumball says: "Where are they?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Where are they?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Where are they?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "Is it really that important?"
Gumball says: "Of course it is!"
Gumball says: "This is Krupoch the Barbarian!"
Gumball says: "Without his weapons he's..."
Gumball says: "Krupoch, the weird dude who hangs out in furry underpants and looks like he's angrily trying to shake hands with people."
Anais says: "Like I said, is it really that important?"
Darwin says: "Hey, who's Daniel Lennard?"
Gumball says: "Ugh, who cares?"
Anais says: ""Here's another gift because your beauty and happiness is the most important thing in my world."
Anais says: "Signed, Daniel Lennard."
Anais says: "" That guy's trying to steal our mom!"
Gumball and Darwin gasp. Gumball pretends to play a dramatic music cue on an imaginary piano, and Darwin pretends to faint.
Nicole says: "What are you doing?"
Nicole appears, and she is using her hands to show her anger instead of her eyebrows. Gumball, Darwin and Anais eye her suspiciously.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Nicole says: "Showing you how angry I am."
Nicole says: "If I had to pull a real frown every time you guys misbehaved, I'd be more wrinkly than a granny in a bath."
Nicole says: "What are you doing spreading trash all over the grass?"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "recycling?"
Nicole says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Mmhmm, mmhmm."
Darwin says: "Mmhmm, mmhmm."
Anais says: "Mmhmm, mmhmm."
Nicole says: "Oh, then I guess it's alright."
Anais says: "Tsk."
Anais says: "We should've seen this coming."
Anais says: "She's a great mom, who wouldn't want her?"
Anais says: "We have to do something before that guy steals her away!"
Initial Planning.
Gumball says: "First, Darwin uses his man voice to call Mom, pretending to be her boss and tell her that she has to go in to work..."
Nicole runs out of the house.
Gumball says: "When she leaves the house, we hack into her email, and send a message to Daniel Lennard posing as her to get him to agree to a secret meeting in the park tonight."
Gumball says: "Then we steal some of Mom's clothes, THEN, we break for lunch, I'm thinking burrito..."
Gumball says: "THEN, we sneak out of the house with the clothes and cross town to the park."
Gumball says: "Once there, you will tell Daniel Lennard that he's in danger..."
Anais says: "You are in danger, Daniel Lennard."
Gumball says: "And that Mom is a horrible carnivorous monster, and you are the survivors of her previous family."
Gumball says: "Then I'll attack in disguise of Mom,  scaring him away forever."
Gumball says: "Boom!"
Anais says: "Hmm, that could work, but we need to make sure nothing can go wrong."
Anais says: "Let's go through this in detail!"
Anais says: "Okay, so what exactly will Darwin say to Mom?"
Tricking Nicole.
The kids imagine the situation, Nicole is in the kitchen and her phone rings.
Nicole says: "Hello, Nicole Watterson."
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "."
Nicole says: "Who is this?"
Darwin's head explodes. Back in the present, Gumball writes on a notepad.
Anais says: "Okay, so we call Mom and Darwin reads what's on the paper."
Gumball hands Darwin the notepad.
Back in the kids' imagination, Nicole is in the kitchen and Darwin calls from another phone in the living room.
Nicole says: "Hello, Nicole Watterson."
Darwin says: "Hello, this is your boss from the place you work."
Nicole hears Darwin and walks into the living room.
Darwin says: "We need you to—"
Darwin says: "Uhh..."
Darwin's head explodes.
Back to Gumball's room.
Gumball says: "Okay, so we write a script and call Mom from a payphone."
Back in the kids' imagination, Darwin is taking the phone call from a public payphone.
Darwin says: "Hello, this is your boss from the place you work."
Darwin says: "We needed you to come here right away or you're fired!"
Nicole says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "What's going on?"
Nicole says: "Is it the Kobayashi account or is it the infrastructure problem with the throughput outflow?"
Darwin says: "Uhh..."
Anais appears behind Darwin and puts him back together just as he explodes.
Anais says: "Turn the page!"
Darwin says: "It's so serious I can't discuss it over the phone, bye!"
Nicole gasps and runs out of the house.
Gumball says: "Then I get to the computer!"
E-mail to Daniel Lennard.
Nicole's bedroom door swings open and Gumball enters cartwheeling into the room, back-flips onto the bed, spins in mid-air landing on a handstand, somersaults forward, and leaps over the chair into the seat and begins typing.
Gumball says: "Haha!"
Back in his bedroom, Gumball is pantomiming typing while making clicking sounds. Anais and Darwin are watching him unconvinced.
Anais says: "Come on, let's be real for a minute."
Nicole's bedroom door swings open and Gumball enters attempting a few cartwheels, jumps onto the bed face-first, rolls off the side, tiptoes over to the computer, tries to climb over the back of the chair, and then resorts to ballet twirling around it and hops on it.
Gumball says: "Okay, then I..."
Gumball says: "Then I break into Mom's email account."
Dramatic closeup accompanied by music.
Gumball says: "DEAR DANIEL LENNARD!"
Darwin says: "Dude, your caps lock is on!"
Gumball says: "Dear Daniel Lennard, meet me at the park tonight, it's mega-important dude."
Anais says: "Oh, come on!"
Anais says: "Have you ever heard Mom say "mega" or "dude"?"
Gumball says: "What would you say?"
Anais says: "Just say it's an issue of "utmost importance"."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Would you like me to CC the Queen of England as well?"
Anais says: "Just send the thing!"
Gumball says: "Forever yours, Gumball."
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "You just signed it with your own name!"
Gumball says: "Aw, come on!"
Gumball says: "I've already had to retype this thing three times!"
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "Dear Daniel Lennard, meet me at the park tonight, it's an issue of utmost importance."
Gumball says: "Forever yours, Mom."
Anais says: "Come on!"
Anais says: "Mom would never sign "Mom"!"
Anais says: "She would sign her own name!"
Anais says: "Wait, what did you put in the subject?"
Gumball says: "Can we just move on from the email bit?"
Anais says: "Come on!"
Anais says: "Every part of the plan has to be foolproof!"
Gumball says: "Alright, it's done, I put "Hello."
Gumball says: "" Lunch time!"
To the Park.
Back in Gumball's room, the kids are pantomiming eating burritos before heading out in their plan.
Darwin says: "Burritos are nice, but they're kind of messy."
In the kids' imagination in the living room, Richard is asleep on the couch, while Gumball and Darwin crawl behind the couch.
Gumball says: "Okay, next, we sneak past Dad to get to the park."
Gumball says: "It should be easy; he'll be asleep."
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Darwin exclaims in surprise at being caught and the imagination stops.
Darwin says: "Why'd he wake up?"
Anais says: "He smelled us."
Anais says: "You wiped some sauce on yourself."
Gumball says: "Lunch time again!"
The kids are sitting on the ground again, pantomiming eating their burritos.
Gumball says: "Upupup!"
Gumball says: "Don't forget to use your napkin!"
Everyone proceeds to wipe their mouths.
The boys try to sneak past Richard again.
Gumball says: "Okay, next, we sneak past dad to get to the park!"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Darwin says: "How is that even possible?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "He smelled it from inside us?"
Kids are redoing the lunchtime scene "eating" their burritos with sullen faces.
Darwin says: "It's just not as good without the sauce."
The plan cuts to Gumball and Darwin running down a street.
Darwin says: "Why did you leave five hours to run to a park that's only three blocks away?"
Gumball says: "Because!"
Back in their room where Gumball and Darwin are running in place.
Gumball says: "She's got no legs."
Gumball says: "They're more like feet coming out of her butt."
Anais says: "Why don't we take bikes?"
Gumball says: "Because—"
Back to the street.
Gumball says: "It's way funnier to watch you try to run!"
Anais tries to run as fast as she can, grunting while trying to keep up with Gumball and Darwin.
In front of the park gates Darwin is standing there bored and Anais finally catches up.
Anais says: "Why didn't you get in when it was open?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "It was closed when we got here."
Darwin says: "I've been waiting for four hours for him to man up and jump,  but he's too scared!"
Gumball says: "I just don't want to do it."
Darwin says: "You don't want to because you're scared!"
Gumball says: "Dude, not cool!"
Gumball says: "Okay fine, I'm doing it!"
Gumball prepares himself to jump off the gate and takes a deep breath.
Gumball says: "Okay, three, two, one..."
Gumball jumps off, but pants gets snagged on a spike on the gate.
Gumball says: "Ohhhhh!"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Help me out!"
Gumball says: "Don't leave me hanging!"
Gumball says: "Please, please, somebody do something!"
Gumball keeps crying out as the scene goes back to their bedroom to reveal he is holding himself up by his pants.
Anais says: "You do know realize this is all just happening in your head, right?"
Gumball says: "Because I'm not going through that again."
On the other side of the park gate hangs a rope from which Gumball slides down, followed by Darwin and then Anais who falls flat on her face. When she recovers, the three of them notice all the people in the park.
Anais says: "How did they get in here when the gate is..."
Anais says: "Wait, no one actually tried it?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "It was shut!"
Anais says: "A shut door isn't a locked door!"
Anais says: "I think we all learned that after the Granny Jojo dressing room incident."
Gumball says: "which one is Daniel Lennard?"
Gumball says: "Well, we already saw from his note that he's pretty slimy."
A ball of slime appears out of thin air before them.
Gumball says: "We also know he's rich, so he must be full of "bling"."
Ball of slime grows a top hat, a pocket watch, and a chain necklace with a dollar sign.
Darwin says: "Also, he's probably evil!"
An angry face with a bow tie appears on the ball of slime.
Darwin says: "No, more evil!"
The face turns more bulldog-like.
Darwin says: "No, even more evil!"
A Van Dyke-styled mustache and beard appear.
Darwin says: "Yeah, that's our Daniel Lennard."
Daniel Lennard grows arms, legs, and a cane and proceeds to walk away to meet Nicole.
Gumball says: "Okay, everyone put on their disguises!"
Daniel Lennard pulls out an old pocket watch from his person and checks on it and as he does, Anais and Darwin appear in old, ragged clothes.
Anais says: "Uh, Mr."
Anais says: "Lennard?"
Daniel Lennard says: "Yes, indeed?"
Anais says: "There's no way Mom would fall for a guy with a voice like that."
Darwin says: "Evil voice!"
Daniel Lennard says: "Yes, indeed?"
Anais says: "Uh, we need to warn you, good sir!"
Daniel Lennard says: "Oh, but it's you who should be warned."
Daniel Lennard says: "I came for you!"
Anais and Darwin run through the park screaming pursued by Daniel Lennard when Anais trips near a swing set.
Anais says: "Darwin, help me!"
Anais gets up and starts running again as Darwin runs to the swing set. Daniel Lennard arrives at the swing set.
Darwin says: "Stay away from us!"
The swing passes through him and comes back to hit Darwin in the face.
Darwin starts running again as Anais tries to keep up. He picks up Anais.
Anais says: "We're not gonna make it!"
Darwin says: "Do you trust me?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "Then, go!"
Darwin throws Anais before crashing into a wall. Anais slides face first into the ground. Darwin sets Anais on her feet.
Anais says: "You throw worse than I run."
Daniel Lennard says: "You thought you could trick me?!"
Daniel Lennard says: "!"
Darwin and Anais cower in fear.
Darwin says: "How does he know about our plan?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Daniel Lennard says: "Because the next time you plan to get rid of me, don't write "Fake Email to Daniel Lennard" in the subject line!"
Back in their room, Darwin and Anais are cowering in fear, they then turn to Gumball with disapproving looks.
Gumball says: "I couldn't be bothered, alright?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I've written that email a million times already!"
Gumball says: "Fine."
Past vs. Future.
Scene returns to Gumball just as he finishes typing his email.
Past Gumball says: "Alright, it's done, I put "Hello."
Future Gumball appears and Past Gumball screams in alarm.
Future Gumball says: "And I know it's a total bummer, but you're gonna have to correct the subject line."
Past Gumball says: "Can't you do it?"
Past Gumball says: "You're here now."
Future Gumball says: "Gosh, was I really that much of a jerk when I was young?"
Anais says: "Yup!"
Past Gumball says: "Gosh, am I really that much of a sucker in the future?"
Future Gumball says: "Don't mess with me, little man, 'cause I can go back in time and do this!"
Past Gumball cries out in pain as the computer mouse swaps into a mouse trap and his hand is caught in it.
Past Gumball says: "So, you think you're the only one that can play that game, huh!"
Past Gumball says: "?"
Past Gumball begins to gorge on the bag of Rainbow Peanut Butter on the desk.
Past Gumball says: "Let's see how you feel after I've had all that candy!"
Past Gumball jumps out of his seat in pain to reveal his rear is covered in miniature barbarian weapons.
Past Gumball says: "What the-- Gah!"
Past Gumball says: "Krupoch's weapons!"
Past Gumball says: "?"
Past Gumball says: "Fine, you asked for this!"
Chair is stuck to Past Gumball and he screams.
Past Gumball says: "You put tape on it!"
Past Gumball says: "?"
Past Gumball says: "Gah!"
Past Gumball says: "You left the weapons on!"
Future Gumball says: "Change the subject of the email!"
Past Gumball says: "Or maybe I'll do this!"
Past Gumball charges forward as Future Gumball moves out of the way and he flies out the window earning many injuries off-screen damaging Future Gumball.
Back in the room, Gumball is writhing on the floor in pain to illustrate his future self's state.
Anais says: "You do realize that this is costing you guys way more effort than just changing the message subject?"
A Finally Foolproof Plan.
Back in the park section of their plan, Darwin and Anais are once again dressed as beggar children.
Anais says: "You are in danger, Daniel Lennard!"
Daniel Lennard says: "How do you know my name?"
Daniel Lennard says: "Who are you?"
Anais says: "We're all that is left of Nicole Watterson's previous family."
Daniel Lennard says: "What?"
Daniel Lennard says: "What about your father?"
Darwin says: "She took all his money, and then..."
Darwin says: "she ate him!"
Anais says: "And now, she's coming for you!"
Gumball, dressed as Nicole, pops out of the nearby bushes hissing with claws poised.
Daniel Lennard says: "Hiya!"
Darwin says: "Okay, you're gonna have to dodge that!"
Scene rewinds itself and Daniel Lennard swings his cane at Gumball again. Gumball ducks and prepares to attack again. Daniel Lennard is about to kick Gumball when scene freezes again.
Darwin says: "Okay, you're gonna have to dodge that, too."
Scene rewinds itself again. Daniel Lennard swings his cane at Gumball again and he ducks and prepares to attack again, Daniel Lennard the tries to kick Gumball but he dodges and poises claws again, then Daniel Lennard tries to karate chop Gumball, but the scene freezes once again.
Darwin says: "Okay, that as well."
Scene rewinds itself again and Daniel Lennard and Gumball perform all of their previous actions, but all of a sudden Daniel Lennard pulls out a taser and fires before the scene slows down into another freeze frame.
Darwin says: "No, dude!"
Darwin says: "You're not gonna be able to dodge that!"
Gumball says: "Aw, man."
Gumball gets hit and electrocuted off-screen while Darwin and Anais look away as Gumball collapses into the bush. Daniel Lennard then runs away scared.
Anais and Darwin get closer to the bush worriedly.
Anais says: "Gumball, no!"
Gumball says: "Finally foolproof!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Back in the room hug, the two of them hug Gumball and they all laugh triumphantly.
Anais says: "Right!"
Anais says: "Let's get our mom back!"
Brand of Cosmetics.
Scene cuts to Gumball, Darwin, and Anais running down the street.
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Everyone skids to a stop and Darwin points at a billboard.
Darwin says: "What is that?"
They all look at a large billboard with a man's face and cosmetic supplies beside him.
Anais says: ""Daniel Lennard, Anti-Aging Products"?"
Cuts back to their confused faces when Anais realizes.
Anais says: "Wait..."
They flashback to that morning where Gumball and Darwin are digging through the trash.
Anais says: ""Here's another gift because your beauty and happiness is the most important thing in my world, signed Daniel Lennard."
Nicole says: "If I had to pull a real frown every time you guys misbehaved, I'd be more wrinkly than a granny in a bath."
Flashback ends and they are still staring at the billboard.
Gumball says: "Daniel Lennard is not a man."
Gumball says: "He's a brand of cosmetics."
They all let out a sigh of exasperation and face-palm.
Episode Ends.