Scene starts at  the Wattersons' living room where Richard is sleeping on the sofa dreaming, while Gumball, Darwin, and Anais mess with him.
Richard says: "AHH!"
Richard says: "It's the Internet's fault!"
Gumball says: "Shh, shh!"
Gumball says: "What did the Internet do, Dad?"
Richard says: "I clicked the wrong link and it sent me to space!"
Richard says: "I can't breathe in space!"
Richard says: "And when I scream it makes no sound!"
Richard says: "Like this."
Nicole walks in.
Nicole says: "Stop laughing at your father and help me put away the groceries."
In the kitchen, Darwin, Gumball and Anais look at the groceries; Gumball pulls out a box of cereal.
Gumball says: "Dude, I think there's something wrong with this cereal."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "IT LOOKS DELICIOUS!"
Anais holds up a bagel.
Anais says: "This bagel is like three times the size of our burger buns."
Anais says: "Wait a minute..."
Darwin grabs a carton of orange juice.
Darwin says: "And this orange juice has oranges in it, instead of letters and numbers!"
Nicole says: "Ugh..."
Nicole says: "I picked up someone else's groceries by mistake."
Anais says: "How come we can't get this good stuff all the time?"
Nicole says: "Look, we'd be able to afford the good stuff if it wasn't fo-  rrrrrrrrrrrrrr..."
Camera changes to show Gumball, Darwin and Anais, still waiting for Nicole to finish; the camera changes back to Nicole, who is now looking around suspicously.
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..."
Camera changes to show Gumball, Darwin and Anais still looking at Nicole; Camera changes back to Nicole but she has inexplicably disappeared.
Darwin says: "What was that all about?"
Gumball walks into the living room, Darwin and Anais follow him.
Gumball says: "You know that good stuff's got me thinking, what else is cheap in this house?"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais walk into the living room.
Gumball says: "I mean, look at this MP3 player."
Gumball says: "Now tell me it's not a calculator with headphones stuck in it."
Gumball says: "And that DVD is not even the real film."
Gumball says: "It's some mockbuster from the bargain bin."
Richard says: "What's wrong with "How to Ratatwang Your Panda"?"
On the TV Screen, a section of the film plays, taking place in a dojo.
Good CGI Mouse says: "Get ready, panda, use your secret weapon."
Chuck the Panda says: "Okay, you asked for it."
Bad CGI Mice says: "Oh, boy!"
Cuts back to the couch.
Richard says: "HAHAHAHAHA!"
Richard says: "HEHAHA!"
Richard says: "Clever."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais walk into the kitchen, and Gumball looks at the 'blender', which is just a fan, pointed downwards, taped to a bowl.
Gumball says: "And look at this blender."
Gumball says: "You're calling this top of the line?"
Gumball drops an orange onto it, and the orange splatters upwards around the room, completely missing the bowl.
Gumball says: "Why can't we have the good stuff?"
Anais says: "More importantly, what's Mom hiding?"
The phone rings and Anais answers it.
Anais says: "Hello?"
Someone with a deep raspy voice answers her.
Stranger says: "For your own safety, stop digging around."
Stranger says: "There's nothing to find."
Anais says: "Okay, but if we were going to start digging, where should we look?"
Stranger says: "Definitely not the attic."
Stranger says: "No, wait!"
Stranger says: "Oh, darn it."
Digging in the Attic.
Scene changes to the kids up in the attic.
Darwin says: "So, where do we start?"
Anais says: "Uh, how about that box?"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Anais picks up the box and keeps Gumball away, then Darwin opens the box, pulling out Gumball's baby pictures.
Darwin says: "Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude, you were an ugly baby."
Anais and Darwin start laughing.
Gumball says: "I don't know what you're laughing at."
Darwin says: "AHHH!!"
Darwin says: "GIMME THAT!"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Darwin says: "GIMME THAT!"
Anais says: "Pass me that poker."
Scene switches to living room; the poker banging in the attic and Richard's footsteps are in sync; Richard walks across the room while holding a large sandwich; Nicole takes it away.
Nicole says: "Sounds to me like you really don't need that sandwich."
Scene switches back to the attic; Anais finally loosens a brick.
Anais says: "Okay, guys."
Anais says: "This is how you solve a case."
Anais removes the brick and the entire chimney collapses.
Gumball says: "Our chimney has been kidnapped!"
Gumball says: "Detective Watterson, shall I cordon off the area for the forensic team?"
Anais says: "Uggghh!"
Anais throws the brick down in aggravation; a plank comes up and hits her in the face, knocking her out.
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Look what we found under the floorboard."
Anais says: "I'm still the one who found it."
Anais says: "Oh, they're bank statements."
Gumball says: "No, they're bank statements."
Anais says: "Ugh."
Gumball Look. Back here we used to have loads of money. And then all went, in one big payment to Stellar Corporation.
Darwin says: "What did Mom spend all that money on?"
Anais says: "Well, whatever it was, I bet this key has something to do with it."
Gumball says: "Wait, I've seen that key before!"
Gumball says: "A long, long, time ago."
Digging in Gumball.
Scene changes to Gumball's bedroom; Gumball is sitting on the bed.
Darwin says: "Ready?"
Gumball says: "Ok."
Darwin says: "One, two, three, sleep!"
Darwin says: "Now I'm going to take you back, all the way back to the last time you saw that key."
Gumball says: "I can see it."
Gumball says: "I'm in the attic."
Gumball says: "There's bank statements all over the floor."
Anais says: "That was just now!"
Darwin says: "Go further back."
Gumball says: "Now I'm a baby..."
Camera changes to Gumball's flashback.
Gumball says: "I'm with Mom."
Gumball says: "She's locking a suitcase."
Nicole says: "You must never tell anyone you saw this."
Gumball says: "It's the key!"
Camera changes back to the bedroom.
Anais says: "So whatever she bought was in that case..."
Gumball says: "I'm going further back, to previous lives."
Camera shows previous lives while Gumball describes them.
Gumball says: "I'm a school teacher, it's boring."
Gumball says: "I'm a pharmacist, totally boring."
Gumball says: "I'm a banker!"
Gumball says: "That's really boring."
Gumball says: "Optician, boring, librarian, boring, prospector, boring, farmer, bor—"
Gumball says: "Wait, wait, wait, prospector?"
The prospector in Gumball's flashback has a piece of gold in his hand and starts dancing after a good "Yeehaw!".
Gumball says: "Hey that's pretty good, and I just found the gold ou—"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "I'm not the prospector."
Gumball says: "I'm the mule."
Mule groans; camera changes to bedroom, Gumball is making the mule noise.
Darwin says: "Gumball, stop!"
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
Gumball says: "And now I'm a hypnotist."
Gumball says: "Look into my eyes!"
Darwin says: "Uhhhhhhhh..."
Anais looks at them disapprovingly, then notices a magnet on a string drop in through the window and steal the key.
Anais says: "Gumball, help!"
Darwin says: "Now your body is now heavier than stone."
Anais detaches the key from the magnet, which winds back upwards out the window.
Anais says: "Hey!"
Anais says: "Come back here!"
Heavy footsteps are heard on the roof, followed by a thud on the ground.
Gumball says: "Now you can speak fluent French."
Darwin says: "Ce que peux-tu lu la pompe?"
Darwin says: "Non, la "formation", gnimzah!"
Anais splashes Darwin's bowl water to them.
Gumball and Darwin says: "Hey!"
Anais says: "Someone just tried to steal the key, we need to get to that suitcase as quickly as possible!"
Gumball says: "Can't we just go to bed?"
Anais splashes Darwin's bowl water on them again.
Gumball says: "Fine."
Another Clue.
Scene changes to Nicole and Richard's bedroom; they are both sleeping, then the door opens and a light shines onto Nicole.
Nicole says: "What's going on?"
Gumball says: "I had a nightmare."
Nicole says: "Gumball, honey, you're too old to sleep in our bed."
Gumball looks frustrated and starts flicking the lights on and off repeatedly.
Nicole says: "Alright, just get in."
Nicole and Richard are on the bed sleeping while Gumball closes his eyes, preparing to retrieve the suitcase. He opens his eyes, checks if his parents are sleeping, then gets up on the bed. Richard then holds his head against his while he's sleeping. Gumball pushes it away but Richard's other arm grabs him again. He then pushes both of his hands away, but Richard puts his body over Gumball's, making him stuck. Eventually, Gumball manages to squeeze himself off the bed.
Gumball says: "Uggh, that was like being born."
Gumball then walks towards the cupboard, opens its bottom, and removes the suitcase. He then opens the suitcase using the key, and looks at the paper he removed from the suitcase in disapproval.
The Receipt.
Scene changes back to Gumball's, Darwin's and Anais's bedroom.
Anais says: "And that's all there was inside?"
Anais says: "An address and a bunch of doodles?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "And, you know, the shovel."
Darwin says: "Wow, who would've thought Mom spent all that money on a rusty old shovel."
Darwin says: "Well, case closed!"
Darwin says: "Bedtime!"
Anais says: "Darwin, don't you see?"
Anais says: "This is another clue!"
Darwin says: "ARRGH!"
Darwin says: "I'M SO TIRED OF ALL THESE CLUES!"
Anais says: "Whatever she bought, she hid it somewhere at this address."
Anais says: "It must be extremely precious!"
Anais says: "Something BIG, like.."
Anais says: "missile launch codes!"
Anais says: "Alien artifacts!"
Anais says: "A philosopher's stone!"
Anais says: "Or something even bigger!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, Anais."
Gumball says: "If it was that big, Mom would've stopped us by now."
Gumball says: "The woman's virtually a ninja."
Anais says: "This goes much deeper than we thought, and the answer lies in this address."
Anais says: "So what do you say?"
Anais says: "You're coming with me or not?"
Gumball says: "Not."
The Reason to Poverty.
Scene changes to the Wattersons' front yard, where Anais is pulling Gumball and Darwin along with her.
Anais says: "Where is your sense of adventure?"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Anais says: "Can you hear that?"
Camera shows the tires of Gumball's, Darwin's and Anais's bicycles being punctured.
Gumball says: "It's just our tires."
Anais says: "See?"
Anais says: "They're on to us!"
Anais says: "We proceed by foot!"
Gumball sighs, then he and Darwin follows Anais. Background then shows the headlights of a car lit up. Scene then changes to an open area on a rainy weather with a mailbox on the middle.
The Star Ending.
Gumball says: "Is that it?"
Gumball says: "An empty mailbox?"
Gumball says: "All this was a wild goose chase, sending us to the middle of NOWHERE, AT THREE AM, IN THE POURING RAIN?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "AND WHAT'S THIS STUPID SHOVEL FOR?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "THIS, IS FOR WASTING OUR TIME."
Darwin says: "AND THIS, IS FOR KEEPING ME UP ALL NIGHT."
Darwin says: "AND THIS, IS FOR THE RAIN."
Darwin says: "AND THIS, IS FOR NOT BREAKING HOWEVER MANY TIMES I HIT YOU."
Gumball says: "AND THIS..."
Anais says: "NO, WAIT!"
Gumball and Darwin then looked at another direction in fear.
Gumball says: "Okay, we need to go now."
Anais says: "Hold on, I need to figure out where we are going."
Gumball says: "No, we need to go-  -right now."
Camera shows a light flashing upwards. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais all scream. Scene then changes to a field of tall grass, where Gumball, Darwin, and Anais are running away.
Anais says: "They've found us!"
Anais says: "We need to get to the treasure before they get to us!"
Gumball says: "Aughhugh!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Found the forest."
Anais says: "Great, we're looking for an old twisted tree in a clearing."
Darwin says: "AHH!"
Darwin says: "They're still coming!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais runs away to a huge log bridge. Anais runs across the bridge while Gumball and Darwin are afraid to cross it. The bridge starts budge.
Gumball says: "Are you sure about this?"
Gumball says: "It looks kind of dangerous."
Anais says: "It's fine, just don't look down!"
Gumball and Darwin looks down and scream.
Gumball says: "WHY DID YOU MAKE US DO THAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "I didn't!"
Anais says: "I said DON'T look down."
Gumball and Darwin looks down again and scream.
Gumball says: "YOU DID IT AGAIN!"
Anais says: "Oh, come on."
Anais says: "This thing has been here forever."
The log bridge starts to fall apart and Gumball and Darwin scream and run across the bridge. The bridge then falls apart.
Anais says: "JUMP!"
Gumball and Darwin jump. Darwin grabs Gumball's tail and Gumball grabs the edge of the cliff. Darwin then pulls Gumball's tail and Gumball's face sink inwards.
Anais says: "Take my hand!"
Gumball says: "I can't see."
Anais then grabs Gumball's face and pulls Gumball and Darwin up from the cliff.
Gumball says: "This treasure better be worth it."
Anais says: "Guys, look!"
Anais says: "There it is!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais approaches the twisted tree. Darwin then digs a hole near the tree, and hits something hard.
Anais says: "That must be it!"
A stranger then turns on his flashlight at Gumball and Anais.
Stranger says: "Stop digging."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Dad?"
Stranger says: "No."
The stranger then turns out to be Richard.
Richard says: "Yeah-  -it's me."
Darwin Look! Lifts up box I got it!
Richard says: "No, please!"
Richard says: "Don't open the box!"
Richard says: "I'll give you anything you want!"
Anais says: "We want whatever is in the box."
Richard says: "NOOOOO!"
Darwin slowly opens the box while Gumball, Anais and himself anticipate the moment to realize what is in the box, only to find another piece of paper inside.
Darwin says: "OH MAN!"
Darwin says: "IT'S ANOTHER PIECE OF PAPER!"
Richard says: "It's not just a piece of paper."
Richard says: "It's the reason we'll never be able to afford whatever we want."
Gumball says: "Would someone PLEASE tell me what's going on here!"
Richard says: "It was twelve years ago."
Richard says: "Gumball was just born."
Richard says: "Your mother stayed at the hospital while the doctors tried to work out why he was so ugly."
Richard says: "I was left at home, alone."
Flashback.
Richard says: "It was the beginning of the internet."
Richard says: "I clicked too quick."
Richard says: "I should've waited for the page to finish loading."
Richard says: "great..."
Richard says: "great..."
Richard says: "great..."
Richard says: "great..."
Richard says: "grandchildren's children?"
The scene now changes to Richard standing outside in the cornfields near the mailbox with his car as he lets out a depressed sigh.
Richard says: "I tried to get the money back, but the company had already gone bust."
Richard says: "So in my shame, I buried the evidence."
It cuts back to Richard in the present as he finishes his narration.
Anais says: "So it was you who hid the bank statements and tried to steal the key back!"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, well, that was a very interesting story, Dad."
Gumball says: "Well done."
Gumball says: "BUT WHAT DID YOU BUY?!"
Gumball says: "!"