Urn Concern.
The episode starts with a panic-stricken Nicole searching the kitchen cabinet, then underneath a bed. At the same time, a large garish vase looms ominously by the living room window. Her heart racing, she checks inside the storage area beneath the stairs. This catches the attention of Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, who are on the nearby sofa.
Anais says: "Mom, what are you doing?"
Nicole says: "Ugh!"
Nicole says: "There's not a single bit of space left in this whole house!"
Anais says: "What for?"
Nicole says: "That!"
Her children all shudder in unison.
Gumball says: "It's like a ceramic cry for help."
Nicole says: "It's a beautiful and generous gift from your grandmother, and I like it very much."
Darwin says: "If you like it so much, why can't you look directly at it?"
Nicole says: "I can!"
She inhales sharply and focuses on the vase, but her eyes turn away involuntarily. On the second attempt, her eyeballs disappear into her skull and pop out the other side, startling the kids.
Nicole says: "See, I'm looking at it right now."
Nicole says: "Oh, I love looking at it."
Richard says: "Yahh!"
Richard says: "That vase is still here!"
Richard says: "I thought you said, "Don't worry honey, I'll find a hiding place for that hideous monstrosity."
Nicole says: "What are you talking about?"
Nicole says: "I love this vase."
Richard says: "Then why did you say, "That vase looks like the type of vase a rebellious vase would date to make its parents angry?"
Nicole says: "Fine, I hate it."
Darwin says: "So how come you told Granny Jojo you liked it in a high-pitch voice, while smiling like this?"
Nicole says: "Okay, kids."
Nicole says: "Sometimes when you're an adult, you have to lie."
Nicole says: "All of the time about absolutely everything."
Nicole says: "And never show your feelings because it's impolite."
Nicole says: "Sit on them until you die, then bury them with you like the ancient Egyptians did."
Gumball says: "You don't have to tell us."
Gumball says: "My last present from Granny Jojo was a pair of orthopedic shoes."
Anais says: "Yeah, and I didn't exactly ask Santa for an expired can of tuna fish."
Gumball says: "And Dad could not have wanted those ridiculous granny undies."
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "I asked for these."
Richard says: "They're comfortable, and keep everything in the right place."
Gumball says: "I just wish she'd bought you the top half, too."
Anais says: "Wait a minute..."
Anais says: "Orthopedic shoes, old-person food, and a girdle?"
Anais says: "She's—"
Nicole says: "It's called re-gifting."
Nicole says: "It's a way for her to share the gifts she's been lucky enough to receive herself."
Gumball says: "You mean she's passing off all her unwanted junk on to us, and pretending it's generosity."
Nicole says: "And..."
Nicole says: "she puts no thought into them whatsoever."
Gumball says: "Why don't you just, you know..."
Hopping from the couch, Gumball pretends to pick up the vase and drop it. He gasps, cries into his hands, and winks at his mother, but she does not respond.
Gumball says: "I mean smash it and pretend it was an accident."
Nicole says: "Because that would make me a terrible role model."
Nicole says: "But children are allowed to have that kind of accident."
Anais says: "So..."
Anais says: "you're saying you want us to smash the vase?"
Nicole says: "A good mother would never ask such a thing."
Nicole says: "Don't you dare break this vase."
Gumball says: "So..."
Gumball says: "you don't want us to smash the vase?"
Nicole contorts her face into several peculiar expressions, after which she heads out the front door.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
 says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Standing on the other side of the glass, their mother points to the vase, mimics smashing it on the ground, and stomps on the imaginary pieces. She finishes with an elbow drop and gives them another wink, as well as a thumbs-up.
Art Attack.
The three siblings carry the vase to their bedroom and hold it out the window.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Three, two, one—"
Darwin says: "Three, two, one—"
 says: "Three, two, one—"
Anais says: "Three, two, one—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Wait, wait!"
Gumball says: "We should say something cool first."
Gumball says: "I'm afraid you lost the pottery lottery."
Darwin says: "Ehh."
Anais says: "Ehh."
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "I got one!"
Darwin says: "Looks like this wasn't orna-meant to be."
Gumball says: "Mm-mm."
Anais says: "Mm-mm."
Anais says: "In your vase!"
Her brothers nod in approval, and she lets it fly toward the sidewalk. They watch in anticipation as it plummets, but unexpectedly, it is the concrete that breaks instead, leaving the vase intact.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
 says: "Oh."
Anais says: "Oh."
Anais says: "Maybe this is gonna be harder than we thought."
Darwin says: "I guess it wasn't orna-meant—"
Gumball says: "Dude, it didn't work the first time."
They bring the vase to the backyard shed, placing it in the bench vice. Gumball twists the handle using all his strength, which results in both the vice and entire shed splitting in half. Next, the vase is suspended from a tree branch like a piñata. Darwin, blindfolded, belts it with a baseball bat. It hits Anais, then loops around the branch to bash Darwin from behind.
Gumball says: "Huh, I would've thought I'd get hit."
As expected, it comes back down, striking him as well. Their next idea involves Darwin taking a sledgehammer to the vase. The hammer rebounds upon impact, pummeling him in the face due to its vibration. Following this, Anais formulates a plan to launch the vase against a tree trunk using a home-made slingshot. The ceramic projectile cleaves right through the base of the tree, causing it to topple towards her.
Anais says: "I need to revise my calculations."
Persevering, Gumball places the vase in the path of an oncoming semi-truck. He then hides behind a nearby fence, with his siblings, to await the inevitable collision. However, the vase is in no way affected by the crash. The truck, on the other hand, becomes airborne, flipping entirely upside down. After this latest failure, they take the vase to a mailbox.
Gumball says: "What's the most surefire way of guaranteeing something will break?"
Gumball says: "Put it in the mail, marked "Fragile."
Eventually, the mailman drives by their house to deliver the parcel. First, he tosses it from the moving vehicle, then proceeds to back over it. Getting out of his van, he kicks the box repeatedly before punting it against the door.
Gary says: "Woo-hoo!"
Gary says: "Mailman."
Gary says: "Special delivery."
Gumball says: "Uh, we're not here."
Gumball says: "Could you just, um, post it through the door?"
Gary says: "Makes sense to me."
Shoving the package into the mail slot, he stomps on it until the door breaks in half. As Gumball eagerly opens the mangled box, his excitement turns to shock over what he finds inside.
Darwin says: "That's not the vase."
Anais says: "Yeah, that's the tablet Gumball asked Mom for, for his birthday."
Gary says: "There's this, too."
Gary drops another parcel on the floor, and leaves. The sides of the second box fall away, revealing the vase to still be in pristine condition.
Gumball says: "Agh!"
Darwin says: "Agh!"
 says: "Agh!"
Anais says: "Agh!"
Gumball says: "It's hopeless."
Gumball says: "It's indestructible."
Anais says: "Wait, there's still something we haven't tried."
Anais says: "What's the most mindless, destructive, butter-fingered force in this house?"
Commercial Breaking.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
 says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Uh, why are you spreading butter on your hand?"
Richard says: "Duh, we ran out of bread."
Gumball says: "Right..."
Gumball says: "Could you do us a big favor, and just, uh,  hold this for maybe five seconds?"
Darwin says: "But whatever you do, don't drop it."
Richard says: "Sure."
Richard grabs the vase, and immediately his hands begin to tremble. Sweat beads on his face, as he struggles to maintain his grip. Somehow, he succeeds, much to his kids' frustration.
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Darwin says: "Ugh!"
 says: "Ugh!"
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Why couldn't you have managed that when I was a baby?"
They take the vase back to the living room, and sigh.
Darwin says: "So what do we do?"
Gumball says: "I guess we just need to accept it."
Gumball says: "We're gonna be lumbered with this vase for the rest of our lives."
Richard says: "All set for your prom night, son?"
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah?"
Richard says: "There she is!"
The vase appears at the top of the stairs, wearing a pink dress.
Richard says: "Isn't she beautiful?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
In Anais' hypothetical future, she is posing with the vase for her graduation photo.
Larry says: "Okay, graduates."
Larry says: "Say, "synthetic organic cheese substitute."
Darwin is then shown at a very old age, lying in a hospital bed. The vase is sitting on a chair next to him.
Darwin says: "I never thought I'd say this."
Darwin says: "But, vase?"
Darwin says: "You were the best gosh darned friend I ever had."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, all stare at the vase in fear.
Darwin says: "That..."
Darwin says: "wasn't my vision."
Gumball says: "We've seriously gotta get rid of this thing."
Anais says: "But how?"
An advertisement plays on the television, accompanied by a catchy tune.
We wreck 'em! We're on the ball.
Cars! We wreck 'em.
Trucks! We wreck 'em.
Printer cartridges! We wreck 'em.
Divest yourself, it's good for you.
Bathrooms! We wreck 'em.
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "wait a minute."
Lyrics says: "Steam trains!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, this ad's really distracting."
Anais says: "No, don't you see?"
Anais says: "That's it!"
Anais runs outside with the vase, and Gumball follows her. Darwin stays behind to dance to the jingle.
Darwin says: "Elmore Wrecking—"
Anais says: "Darwin!"
Anais says: "Come on!"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Vase of Mistaken Identity.
Over at the Rainbow Factory, Nicole is working in her cubicle when the phone rings.
Nicole says: "Hello?"
Granny Jojo says: "It's your mother-in-law."
Nicole says: "Tell her I'm not here."
Granny Jojo says: "No, it's your mother-in-law speaking right now."
Nicole says: "Ohh."
Nicole says: "Hiya."
Granny Jojo says: "Listen, Nicole."
Granny Jojo says: "About that vase, I got it mixed up with an equally hideous one."
Nicole says: "Aha!"
Nicole says: "So you admit it's ugly."
Granny Jojo says: "Only to me."
Granny Jojo says: "Beauty is subjective, Nicole."
Granny Jojo says: "You of all people should know that."
Nicole fights to suppress her animosity.
Granny Jojo says: "Anyway, it's what's on the inside that counts."
Nicole says: "You're saying you like my personality?"
Granny Jojo says: "I'm talking about the vase."
Granny Jojo says: "It contains the ashes of Roosevelt."
Nicole says: "What, the Roosevelt?"
Granny Jojo says: "Yes, the Roosevelt."
Granny Jojo says: "How many other pet pythons has Louie had?"
Granny Jojo says: "Anyway, I need that vase back."
Granny Jojo says: "I'll come over and collect it this evening."
Nicole says: "Uh—"
Nicole rushes home and kicks in the front door.
Nicole says: "Where's the vase?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Where are the kids?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "And what does python ash look like?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "Owls, we wreck 'em."
Richard says: "Vacuum cleaners, we wreck 'em."
She follows his voice to the kitchen.
Richard says: "Curt rails, we wre—"
Nicole says: "Richard, why are you eating butter from the pack?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "Duh, there's still no bread."
Nicole says: "Where are the kids?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "No idea."
Richard says: "They went out with that ugly vase, but I don't know where."
Richard says: "Ugly vases, we wreck 'em."
Richard says: "Fridges, we wreck 'em."
Richard says: "Toasters, we wreck 'em."
Meanwhile, Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, have arrived at their destination. There, George is about to close up for the night.
George says: "Listen kids, the wrecking game's changed."
George says: "We made that commercial years ago."
George says: "These days, with all the health and safety rules, we mostly just crush cars, trucks..."
George says: "cars."
Gumball says: "Listen dude, our Mom gave us permission to wreck this ugly vase."
Gumball says: "Do you really want to stand in the way of three rookie wreckers?"
George says: "Go wreck it, kids."
They head into the yard and put the vase on the seat of a derelict car.
Anais says: "Okay, switch it on."
Gumball grabs the controller for the magnetic crane.
Darwin says: "Oh, w-w-wait!"
Anais says: "Darwin, you do realize we're trying to break this thing?"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Gumball presses the power button, and a magnet lifts the car to bring it to the crusher.
Nicole says: "Stop!"
Nicole says: "Don't destroy the vase!"
Anais says: "Gotcha, Mom."
Anais says: "Don't destroy it."
Nicole says: "No, I really mean it this time!"
Darwin says: "Don't worry, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom, we get it."
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "I'm being straight with you, Granny Jojo gave me the wrong vase."
Nicole says: "Stop the crane!"
Gumball says: "I gotcha."
Nicole glances at the vehicle overhead, then dashes to the ladder leading up the crane. She tries to climb, but the base of the ladder breaks off in her hand. Dropping it on the ground, she heads for a second crane in the hopes of crossing between their jibs. However, its ladder is broken as well.
Nicole says: "Come on!"
Next, she hops onto a nearby car, then from there into a bucket connected to the crane's hoist. After riding it all the way up, Nicole runs along the top.
Nicole says: "What I'm about to do might look cool and impressive, but don't ever, ever do it yourselves, okay?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, wink simultaneously. When Nicole reaches the end of the the crane's arm, she tries to leap across to the other one but comes up short, falling directly onto the hood of the car containing the vase. An alarm blares above, signalling the imminent release of the vehicle into the crusher.
Nicole says: "Oh boy."
The magnet drops its load, and Nicole plummets with the car. Reaching inside, she fights to free the vase from the seat belt. When that does not work, she flings herself through the open door, kicking the vase out. She then jumps from the car, moments before it lands in the crusher, and rolls to the ground next to her children. Nicole turns to catch the vase and it smacks her in the face, knocking her out.
Gumball says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "So she really didn't want us to break that vase."
Ashes to Ashes.
It is late in the evening by the time the four make it back home. Together, with Richard, they sit on the sofa to await the arrival of Granny Jojo. Nicole has a black eye. The vase is on the coffee table in front of them.
Nicole says: "I really feel like it's watching us."
The Wattersons are frightened by a loud banging on their door.
Nicole says: "Take it!"
Granny Jojo says: "Hm."
Granny Jojo says: "What with the way you raised your kids, I'm amazed they haven't smashed it by now."
Gumball says: "Well actually, Mom told us t—"
Nicole says: "To look after it, because it contains the ashes of a beloved pet, and we're sad to see it go, but if that's how it's gotta be, then bye!"
When Nicole attempts to close the door, Granny Jojo stops it with her leg.
Granny Jojo says: "I thought that might be the case, so I've brought you this."
Nicole says: "Noooo!"
Nicole says: "You shouldn't have."
Nicole says: "This one's even nicer."
Granny Jojo says: "Personally, I think it's hideous, but I know you have very different tastes to me."
Granny Jojo says: "That's the one I meant to give you all along."
Granny Jojo says: "Anyway, I'd better get Roosevelt back to Louie."
Granny Jojo says: "He just can't sleep without the dried out remains of a cold-blooded reptile by his side."
Nicole says: "You haven't been gone that long, have you?"
Granny Jojo and Nicole glare at each other as their hostility rises. Anais intervenes by pushing the door shut.
Anais says: "So, Mom, what are you gonna do with the new vase?"
Nicole passes it to Gumball, and the family gathers in the middle of their living room.
Gumball says: "Three, two, one!"
He shatters the vase on the floor, causing a dusty cloud to fill the room. They all cough until the air clears up.
Richard says: "Whoa."
Richard says: "Sure had a lotta dust in it."
Nicole says: "Yeah..."
Nicole says: "let's all agree that was dust."
The episode ends.