What is the Mailman's Name?
The episode begins with a fire hydrant and a mailbox in the street with the same colors of Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "I don´t know dude, I don't think this camouflage is working, and it's getting really hot in this."
Gumball and Darwin are then shown wearing large winter coats, both of them sweating.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "I thought it might snow."
Gumball says: "It's June."
Darwin says: "Why are we doing this anyway?"
Gumball says: "Because it's getting embarrasing."
Gumball says: "We keep bumping into our neighbor and we don't even know his name."
Darwin says: "You mean Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson?"
Gumball says: "No, the other one."
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Robinson?"
Gumball says: "No, the guy who lives on the other side, you know."
Darwin says: "A really small person playing a normal-sized piano?"
Darwin says: "A normal-sized person playing a really tall piano?"
Darwin says: "Someone.."
Darwin says: "uh..."
Darwin says: "tickling..."
Darwin says: "the.."
Darwin says: "the sky tickler!"
Gumball says: "No, him!"
Gumball points angrily to Gary, who is watering the grass in his garden.
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin says: "No, I don´t know that guy's name."
Gumball says: "Exactly, we don't know it and we're running out of ways to get away with it."
Flashback to Gumball and Darwin walking in front of Gary´s house while he is seen sweeping the sidewalk.
Gary says: "Hey Gumball, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Hello..."
Gumball says: "sir."
Gary says: "Come on now, I've known you for years, you don´t need to call me sir."
Gary says: "You can call me by name."
Gumball says: "Yes we can, and we will definitely do that..."
Gumball says: "next time."
Transition to another flashback. Gumball and Darwin are walking past the railroad crossing. Gary is walking over the crossing when one of his grocery bags rips open and spills beans everywhere.
Gary says: "Oh, gosh darn it."
As he begins to pick up the beans, Gumball and Darwin hear the horn of an oncoming train. They both gasp.
Gumball says: "Look out, Mister..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "uhh, mister..."
Gumball says: "mister..."
Gumball says: "uhhh..."
Darwin says: "Mister..."
Gumball says: "Mister mister?"
Gumball says: "Mister..."
Gumball says: "uhh, mister?"
Gumball says: "Mister?"
Gumball says: "Mister.."
Gumball says: "Purple!"
The train gets even closer.
The train passes by, crushing both Gary and the beans. Some of the beans splatter on Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin says: "We'd better call him the paramedics."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "I´m pretty sure the paramedics is not his name."
Darwin says: "No, I mean call a doctor."
Gumball says: "Naah,I don't wanna be awkward when they ask us what he's called."
In another flashback, Gumball and Darwin are in class while Principal Brown speaks to them.
Gumball and Darwin gasp and jump out the window.
Darwin says: "Maybe we should have waited."
Darwin says: "Principal Brown was about to tell us his name."
Gumball says: "Yep, I panicked."
Cut back to present time. Gary is standing behind Gumball and Darwin with a package in his hands.
Gumball says: "Yeah, remember this time?"
Gumball says: "This was really awkward."
Darwin says: "This isn't a flashback."
Gumball looks behind him and notices Gary. Both he and Darwin run away.
Gary says: "Wait up, I got a package for ya!"
Awkward Delivery.
Gumball and Darwin run inside their house and slam the door shut. Both of them catch their breath for a moment.
Darwin says: "We can't avoid it any longer."
Darwin says: "We're going to have to ask him his name."
Gumball says: "Are you insane?"
Gumball says: "You're forgetting about the window."
Darwin says: "Uh-uh."
Darwin says: "I am not jumping through any more windows."
Darwin says: "I'm still finding bits of window frame in my gills from the last time."
Gumball says: "No, I'm talking about the brief window of opportunity where it's socially acceptable to ask someone what their name is."
Gumball says: "After the third time you've met someone, that window closes."
Gumball says: "And every time you see them after that, the window gets another lock on it, another bolt, another shutter."
Gumball says: "At this point, our window with that guy would be harder to open than a ski store in the Sahara."
Gary rings the doorbell.
Gary says: "What about your package?"
Gumball says: "What's he trying to deliver, anyway?"
Richard says: "It's probably for me."
Richard says: "I don't know that guy's name, either."
Richard says: "I've just been avoiding him by not leaving the house and getting everything delivered."
Darwin says: "But isn't he the mailman?"
Richard says: "I didn't think it through."
Gumball says: "And what's with the jars?"
Gumball says: "You don't need to leave the house to go to the bathroom."
Richard says: "Didn't think that through, either."
Gumball says: "Right, we need to find out his name without him realizing."
Gary says: "Hey, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Hello, misterrr..."
Gumball says: "Okay, Gumball, just keep going until you see a look of recognition on his face."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Smith..."
Gumball says: "Brian..."
Gumball says: "Peter..."
Gumball says: "Sam..."
Gumball says: "White..."
Gumball says: "Steven..."
Gumball says: "Son..."
Gumball says: "Da-David..."
Darwin says: "I'm so sorry about my friend, Mister, uh..."
Darwin says: "man..."
Gary says: "I guess I'll just leave it with the others."
Gary sets the package down amidst several other boxes. He slowly backs away as Gumball and Darwin continue incomprehensibly saying names.
The "Perfect" Crime.
At night, Gumball and Darwin walk next door to Gary's mailbox.
Darwin says: "Isn't it illegal to go through someone's mail?"
Gumball says: "What's worse, being locked in a prison, or being locked in a prison of social awkwardness?"
Gumball says: "Jackpot!"
Darwin says: "Isn't it weird that a mailman leaves mail in his own mailbox?"
Gumball says: "I guess some people don't like to take their work home with them."
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Destroying the evidence."
Gumball says: "But we could've just put it back in the mailbox!"
Darwin says: "Good idea."
Darwin says: "The perfect crime."
Gumball looks at Darwin disapprovingly.
Sign Here, Please.
At the mall, Gumball and Darwin are both waiting for Gary to walk by. Gumball is wearing very tall, messy hair, and Darwin is wearing a Jamaican hat and a small goatee. Soon enough, Gary walks by.
Gumball says: "Excuse me, would you like to sign our petition?"
Gumball says: "Thank you for stopping, please sign here."
Darwin says: "Hey, if you can just write your name, please."
Darwin says: "Full name, nice and clear, black capitals, big as you can."
Gary says: "What's it for?"
Gumball says: "Uh, the mayor is gonna knock down the library to build a..."
Darwin says: "A hospital."
Gary says: "Oh."
Gary says: "That doesn't sound so bad."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but then he's gonna knock down the hospital to build a..."
Darwin says: "An orphanage!"
Gary says: "Again, not so bad."
Gumball says: "But then he's gonna knock down the orphanage and build a..."
Gumball says: "luxury apartments!"
Gumball says: "Luxury apartments."
Gary says: "That's terrible!"
Gary says: "Give me that!"
Gumball growls and pulls the fake hair off. Darwin does the same, revealing a large afro under his hat. As they walk away, the mayor is seen reading a newspaper. He then lowers it and calls someone.
Mayor of Elmore says: "It's the mayor here."
Mayor of Elmore says: "I've got an idea."
Mayor of Elmore says: "We're gonna knock down the library and build a hospital."
Mayor of Elmore says: "No, no, that's just step one."
Rushed Romance.
At the park, Gary is feeding the pigeons. Alison passes by.
Gary says: "Morning."
As soon as Alison walks offscreen, Gumball pushes her onto the bench next to Gary.
Alison says: "Hey!"
Darwin brings in a radio and begins playing an arrangement of the "Romeo and Juliet Overture." Gumball and Darwin make Gary and Alison face each other. Gumball runs off while Darwin makes both of them rest their hands on each other, and then he runs off. Gumball comes back with a dinner table decorated with candles, and then runs off again. Darwin returns with a plate of spaghetti and sticks the ends of a noodle in Alison and Gary's mouths. The music changes to an Italian-themed cue, and Gumball comes back briefly playing an accordion. He tosses it away, and he and Darwin both push Gary and Alison's heads closer together. The boys run off again, with Gumball pulling away the tablecloth, plates, and candle. Darwin returns with a cup and a bottle of soda. Gumball comes back with a wedding ring and drops it into the cup. Darwin fills the cup with soda, then empties it on Alison's hand. As he does this, Gumball moves Alison's hand underneath the cup, and the ring ends up on her finger. The boys run offscreen with the table and park bench as Alison blushes at Gary. Darwin briefly runs behind Gary and kicks the back of his knee, causing him to kneel. Gumball comes back and positions Gary's hand on Alison's, then nods Alison's head. Darwin places a top hat on Gary's head, while Gumball places a bridal veil on Alison. Darwin positions Gary to stand up, and changes the music to the wedding march. Gumball returns to act as the minister.
Gumball says: "Okay, wedding vows!"
Gumball says: "Go!"
Alison says: "Uh, I hereby state that I, Alison Sandra Gator, do take you as my lawful wedded husband."
Gumball says: "Okay, your turn!"
Gumball says: "Go!"
Gary says: "Uh..."
Gary says: "I hereby state that I..."
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gary says: "I..."
Gumball says: "Yes?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gary says: "I..."
Gumball says: "YES!!"
Gary says: "I think this is all happening too fast!"
Alison says: "People say you're meant to mourn a relationship for half the amount of time you were together."
Alison says: "I'm done."
Mail for the Mailman.
Gumball and Darwin, both dressed as mailmen, approach Gary's front door. They both give each other smug looks. As Gumball sticks a newspaper through Gary's mail slot, Darwin picks up a garden gnome on his porch. Gumball wraps it in newspaper, gives it to Darwin, and rings Gary's doorbell.
Gumball says: "Package delivery."
Gumball says: "Sign here."
Gary says: "What?"
Gary says: "But I'm the mailman for this neighborhood."
Gary says: "Why didn't anybody tell me I'd been replaced?"
Gary says: "Decades of experience: worthless."
Gary says: "Thrown in the scrap heap like garbage."
Gary says: "How am I gonna find another job at my age?"
Gumball says: "You could just..."
Gumball says: "sign here."
Gary signs whilst crying. Gumball takes the clipboard, gives him the wrapped gnome, and then backs away with Darwin.
Darwin says: "Did we get it?"
The clipboard is shown, but all of the writing is smudged due to Gary's tears.
Gumball says: "Nope, nothing makes handwriting harder to read than an old man's tears."
Gary, still crying, unwraps the gnome.
Gary says: "And I already got one of these!"
The Discovery.
Gumball is seen putting up a poster of Gary, with text reading "Do you know this man?".
Darwin says: "There must be something we haven't tried."
Gumball says: "I've been braining so hard my think hurts."
Darwin says: "Wait, I know!"
Darwin says: "If we had amnesia, we could tell him we forgot his name and it wouldn't be embarrassing."
Gumball says: "Great!"
Gumball says: "How do you get amnesia?"
Darwin says: "We hit each other on the head."
Gumball says: "Wait, how are we gonna remember that we tried this?"
Darwin says: "Write it on your arm."
Gumball pulls back his shirt sleeve, revealing he has written amnesia on it three times, with the first two being crossed out.
Gumball says: "Hm, that explains the headache."
A black car then rolls up next to Gumball and Darwin. Someone inside it speaks to them in a gruff Russian accent.
Russian agent says: "Hey, you two."
Russian agent says: "That guy on your poster."
Gumball says: "You know his name?"
Russian agent says: "Let's just say he's an "old friend."
Meanwhile, Gary is seen at the mall collecting mail from its mailbox. Gumball and Darwin suddenly rush up behind him with large smiles. Gary screams.
Gumball says: "Hello."
Darwin says: "Hello."
Gumball says: "Harry Gedges."
Darwin says: "Harry Gedges."
Gary says: "Who told you that was my name?"
Gumball says: "Pfft, we've always known it."
Gumball says: "Obviously."
Gary says: "Who told you that name?!"
Gary says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uhh, those guys?"
Gary says: "They found me."
Gary says: "I don't know how, but they found me."
The Russian agents' car window rolls down, and their sunglasses then do in the same way. Gumball and Darwin then notice Gary running away.
Evading the Agents.
As Gary is running through the mall, Gumball and Darwin run up alongside him.
Gumball says: "Wait, what's wrong with calling you "Harry Gedges," Harry Gedges?"
Gary runs into an opening elevator.
Gary says: "Because that's my real name!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, we know it is, Harry Gedges."
As the elevator closes, Leonard Daniels is thrown out.
Leonard Daniels says: "Ooh."
Leonard Daniels says: "I don't mind."
Gary presses all the elevator buttons, then hits the emergency stop button. He then climbs out the top of the elevator while Darwin speaks.
Darwin says: "Like we're always saying, "good morning Harry Gedges," "how are you doing Harry Gedges," "happy birthday Harry Gedges."
Gary says: "Stop saying it!"
Darwin says: "Why, Harry Gedges?"
Gumball, Darwin, and Gary climb up the elevator shaft.
Gary says: "That's not the name I've been using."
Gumball says: "What do you mean, Harry Gedges?"
Gary runs out of the mall's roof exit, with Gumball and Darwin close behind.
Gary says: "I've been living under a pseudonym for the last twenty years!"
Darwin says: "Looks more like a fedora, Harry Gedges."
The three jump from the mall's roof to another building.
Gary says: "Not my hat!"
Gary says: "A pseudonym is a fake name!"
Gary says: "It was given to me by the witness protection people when they moved me to Elmore for my own safety."
Gumball says: "Why, Harry Gedges?"
The three are then seen riding a gondola in the mountains.
Gary says: "I testified in court against some very bad people."
Gary says: "And ever since then, I've had to live under the fake name that you know me by."
Gumball and Darwin stare at Gary for a few moments.
Gumball says: "Which is mister..."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "We don't know your name, alright?"
Darwin says: "Tell us what it is."
Gary says: "Wait, you don't know my name?"
Gary says: "We've been neighbors since you were born."
Gary says: "If my life wasn't in immediate danger I'd be really hurt right now."
Gary says: "It's Gary Hedges."
Gumball and Darwin both look at him with realistic dog snouts on their faces.
Gary says: "I'm outta here."
He, Gumball, and Darwin cross to the gondola next to their current one.
Gumball says: "So let me get this straight."
Gumball says: "Real name is Harry Gedges, and your fake name is Gary Hedges?"
Gumball says: "That's not very imaginative."
Gary says: "Okay, there's no way those guys could have followed us."
Darwin says: "Who, those guys?"
The Russian agents slowly pull up near Gary's house. One of them reads the poster Gumball put up earlier. He continually unfolds it, with each new fold containing more info on where Gary lives.
Russian agent says: ""Do you know this man?"
Russian agent says: "He lives at ten twenty-four York Street."
Russian agent says: "Here's a map."
Russian agent says: "This is the house."
Russian agent says: "If the front door is locked there is a key under the gnome."
Gary says: "How on earth did they find out where I live?"
Gumball says: "Uh, lucky guess?"
Darwin says: "Uh, lucky guess?"
Gary says: "Then I got no choice."
Gary says: "I'm gonna have to skip town and leave behind my new life and beautiful home."
Gumball says: "I think beautiful's overselling it."
Darwin says: "Dude, not the time!"
Darwin says: "I don't think pretending he's a duck is gonna help."
Gumball says: "No, they'll leave if they think he's already kicked the bucket."
Gumball says: "I know exactly what to do."
The "Death" of Gary.
The Russian agents exit their car. One of them growls. Inside the house, Gary is nervously packing his clothes and a passport into a suitcase. Behind him, Gumball and Darwin put a dummy resembling Gary in the window.
Gary says: "Genius!"
Gary begins handling the dummy, and the Russian agents hear his voice.
Gary says: "Oh no, I was just cleaning the windows and now I have lost my balance!"
Gary says: "I hope there is no tragic consequence!"
Gary throws the dummy onto a power line, causing it to get electrocuted. The dummy falls to street. As the Russian agents prepare to draw their weapons, a car drives by running over the dummy. The agents continue to draw their weapons, but then a semi carrying empty cars drives by, running over the dummy even more. The agents retract their weapons, but at that moment, the empty cars on the semi's trailer come loose. The cars roll backward, running over the dummy again. The agents draw their weapons again, but the empty cars reach an incline and roll back downhill, once again running over the dummy. The agents stare at the motionless dummy before shrugging, returning to their car, and driving off. As they drive away, the run over the dummy. Once they are out of sight, Gary emerges from the bushes.
Gary says: "Ha!"
Gary says: "It worked!"
Gary says: "Throwing that dummy out of the window was a great idea!"
Gary says: "Now I get to keep my life and my beautiful home!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it wasn't supposed to fall out of the window."
Gary's house suddenly explodes. Gary stares at the fiery mess, shocked and disheartened.
Gumball says: "This might not be the best time to ask, but, would you rather we call you Harry Gedges or Gary Hedges?"
Gary says: "I'd rather you never talk to me again."
Episode ends.