Elmore Dreams.
The sky fades to night time and the moon comes up.
The Moon says: "When darkness falls across the town."
Shot cuts to Teri, who yawns then erases her eyes and draws a sleep mask.
The Moon says: "The people start to settle down."
The Moon says: "And into bed, they gently drift, unless they're on the nighttime shift."
Cut to Larry, who can be seen at his nighttime shift, smiling with one of his eyes twitching.
The Moon says: "When everyone has hit the sack."
Cut to Sarah who puts her head inside the freezer.
The Moon says: "And Richard's eaten his nighttime snack."
Cut to Richard, who is sleepy while trying to eat his spaghetti but eventually falls asleep, his face falling on the plate of spaghetti. Richard can then be heard snoring.
The Moon says: "None-the-less."
Shot cuts to Traffic Lights, with the red light falling asleep.
The Moon says: "When everything is tired and bleary."
Cars collide as a result of the red light turning off and falling asleep. Red light immediately wakes up and turns back on.
The Moon says: "They spoon together snug but weary."
Cut to the Spoons and Forks, rolling back and forth, asleep. Cuts back to the Moon.
The Moon says: "Off they drift to a distant place."
Cut to Ocho, "pausing" and sleeping.
The Moon says: "Not bound by rules of time and space."
Bobert charges himself and shuts down.
The Moon says: "A place of wonder, of sounds and sights."
Cut to William, who gets glitter from the Moon's transition on him, causing him to fly around panicking and cracking.
The Moon says: "A place of joy, of fear or frights."
Cut to the Moon, at the Wattersons' house.
The Moon says: "So join me now and we'll explore, the dreams of those down in Elmore."
Gumball's Dream.
Camera fades into Gumball's bedroom right in front of his face.
Gumball says: "Darwin, do you sometimes get that weird feeling like you're falling when you're going to sleep?"
Camera zooms out, revealing that Gumball is in his bunk bed in outer space, falling down.
Gumball says: "Oh, wait a minute."
Gumball says: "This is a dream."
Gumball says: "Nothing bad can happen."
Gumball says: "I'll simply wake up before I hit the ground."
As he falls down, he hits a satellite, an airplane, Mrs. Jötunheim, Hector, the Chanax Inc. building, a suspended window cleaning ledge, and then his own roof.
Gumball says: "Uhn..."
Gumball says: "finally."
As he is about to hit the ground, Gumball wakes up in alarm but bumps his head on the top bunk, accidentally knocking himself out.
Mr. Small's Dream.
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Ahh, the land of slumber."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "A magic world where one can fly or breathe underwater."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "A place where rainbows flow like rivers and animals dance on clouds."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "A place with no limits."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Where, oh where, shall my wondrous imagination take me this time?"
Falls asleep, and wakes up in his dream in a cramped house, with a clock ticking in the background. Mr. Small is about to scream but screams really quietly.
Banana Joe's Dream.
We see Banana Joe sleeping on his bed, then he quietly barks. In his dream, it looks like he wants to bite the end of himself, but splits himself in half instead. Then both pieces of the banana regrow again and start to chase each other. Banana Joe wakes up biting himself then, noticing he is in two halves, screams.
Nicole's Dream.
Cut to Nicole and Richard's bedroom. Camera zooms in on Nicole and fade into her dream. In her dream, she is sitting in a deck chair on a tropical beach, wearing a white sundress and holding a coconut-cup.
We cut back to the bedroom where it is revealed that the earthquake was caused by Richard's snoring. Nicole is still asleep but looks annoyed. We then cut back to Nicole's dream where she tries to resume her relaxation.
Nicole says: "Aah!"
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "Ngh..."
Nicole says: "AAAH!!"
A burst of wind suddenly blows away the deck chair and almost blows Nicole away, who manages to stick to the ground with her hands until she is blown away seconds later.
We cut back to the bedroom where we see that the wind was also caused by Richard's snoring right in front of her face. Then resume Nicole's dream, standing a bit shocked on the ground.
Nicole says: "Whoah..."
Nicole says: "Aaah!"
The ground moves into a vertical position, causing Nicole to fall back until the ground is horizontal again. Just as she gets back on her feet, a large tsunami washes her to the sea.
We cut back to the bedroom, where Richard has rolled over on top of his wife who is flailing her arms and suffocating under him. Then we move on to the next dream.
Richard's Dream.
Pixie dust transition to Richard's dream. In his dream, a real human is kneading dough with Richard's face superimposed onto it.
I'm a bun,.
I'm a tasty, tasty bun!
To be baked and kneaded, oh, how fun!
You can have me with breakfast,.
I'm a bun,.
I'm a bun,.
I'm a tasty, tasty bun!
To be baked and to be kneaded, oh, how fun!
We cut back to the bedroom, with Richard still on top of Nicole.
Richard says: "Mmm..."
Richard says: "bun!"
Darwin's Dream.
We see Darwin sleeping in his fish bowl, then he just dreams that his bowl is bigger.
Larry's Dream.
We see Larry sleeping on the counter of his work, then he wakes up and sees Richard in the shape of a pastry.
I'm a bun,.
I'm a tasty, tasty bun!
To be baked and kneaded, oh, how fun!
You can have me with-.
Richard explodes. Larry then wakes up.
Larry says: "No dozing on the job, Needlemeyer!"
Larry says: "Business doesn't sleep."
Larry says: "Not a very convenient location for a convenience store."
Old Larry says: "Larry..."
Old Larry says: "You have wasted your life..."
Larry says: "W-What?!"
Larry says: "!"
Something explodes in the foreground. Larry wakes up again, but sees himself naked and screams. Larry wakes up for the third time but sees his mouthed stitched together so it sounds like a muffled scream. He then wakes up for the fourth time, in his bedroom.
Larry says: "Ahh!"
Larry says: "I overslept!"
Larry says: "Wait!"
Larry says: "I don't get to sleep!"
Blinks with his right eye but it's actually Doughnut Sheriff snapping at his face to wake him up.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, Larry!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Wake up!"
Donut Sheriff says: "So, like I said, one grande cappuccino but with the milk, the coffee, the foam, and the cup on the side."
Larry says: "Wait, what?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Three doughnuts with extra cheese and four hot dogs without the skin on them."
Larry says: "Uh, okay."
Larry says: "Wait a minute, this is another dream isn't it?"
Larry says: "One where I get tortured by stupid customers with insane demands!"
Larry says: "Well, guess what, Mister, this is my dream and I can do what I want in it!"
Larry takes Doughnut Sheriff's hat and puts it on himself while making chicken noises. Then he pats his butt, making more weird noises. He looks at Doughnut Sheriff, slaps him, and rubs his body against him while purring. Then he jumps through his hole, and comes in and out of it mocking a bird clock. Larry kisses him and starts to lick him but the scene cuts to Larry in a jail cell screaming. The hobo can be seen sleeping in the same cell as him.
Larry says: "Okay..."
Larry says: "I'll probably wake up soon..."
Larry says: "In three, two, one..."
Larry says: "now!"
Larry says: "What?"
Larry says: "No pixie dust?"
Larry says: "Doodly-doo-doo..."
Larry says: "Oh, gosh..."
Larry says: "!"
Hector's Dream.
Cut to the outside Hector Jötunheim's cave, then fade inside to see Hector sound asleep, then can be seen that he dreams about being as tall as everyone else in Elmore.
Hector says: "I'm not a giant anymore!"
Hector says: "I can do everything that regular people can do!"
Hector says: "Whoo-Hoo!"
Hector hums while dancing happily.
Hector says: "I just danced and I didn't destroy the whole neighborhood!"
Hector says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Hector says: "I can hug people without hospitalizing them!"
Hector hugs Cupcake Woman, then heads to the bus stop, and gasps.
Hector says: "I can take the bus!"
Hector says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Hector says: "This is so slow!"
The bus arrives at school, Hector leaps out of the bus and resumes his dance.
Hector says: "I can sit in a classroom like everyone else!"
Hector says: "But this is a dream and I'm not gonna waste it on studying!"
Hector is inside the mall, holding shopping bags and wearing clothes.
Hector says: "I can buy clothes instead of pretending I'm not naked and just hoping nobody looks up!"
Hector's sitting in a bathroom stall, happily kicking his legs.
Hector says: "I can use a toilet instead of a volcano!"
Hector sits next to Sarah on park bench.
Hector says: "I can have a girlfriend!"
Hector says: "Whoo-Hoo!"
Hector's dream deteriorates to reveal that he is dancing all over Elmore in his sleep, while the citizens below panic, helicopters are circling him, he laughs in his sleep, and he falls flat on his back, then we move on to the next dream.
Carrie's Dream.
Scene changes to Carrie sleeping in her bed sweating and moving around. Her dream is where she is in a magical land full of bright and colorful singing objects.
Carrie says: "NOOOOOO!"
Teri's Dream.
Teri is sleeping in her bed, and in her dream she is walking down the hallway in her school, but notices she is naked.
Teri says: "Oh, my gosh, I'm naked at school!"
Cut to full shot of Teri's body pixelated as she covers herself. The bell rings and everyone gets out of class. Teri opens a locker as Tobias approaches.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks!"
Teri tries to hide behind Ocho's locker, but he arrives at it almost as soon as she opens it. She then tries Leslie's locker, but he approaches it as well.
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks, Teri!"
Teri runs away. She then slides under a door but sees the teachers are having a meeting in the room she entered.
Nigel Brown says: "..."
Nigel Brown says: "Discuss appropriate school attire."
Nigel Brown says: "I—"
Teri quickly turns sideways, and the teachers do not see her.
Nigel Brown says: "So, where were we?"
Teri escapes the room and keeps running until she sees Gumball and Darwin. She quickly crumples herself up and throws herself away. After they pass by, she gets out of the trash can, opens a locker and finds a pencil inside.
Teri says: "Yes!"
Teri says: "Why isn't it working?"
Scene changes back to her bedroom, where Teri draws on herself while sleeping.
Daisy's Dream.
Anais is in her bed hugging Daisy. We then go into the dream where Daisy is alive and Anais is a doll. Daisy seems to be feeding Anais, with creepy music playing in the background.
Daisy the Donkey​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Here, would you like some more, Anais?"
Daisy the Donkey​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Let's play a little more."
Daisy dries her with a blow dryer, plays with another toy pulling the Anais doll. Then Anais is attached to the car, and is being dragged on the road. She gets dumped in mud, a tennis ball hits her, she rips, and then Daisy hugs her.
Anais doll says: "Please, end this."
Daisy the Donkey​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Never."
Scene cuts back to the bedroom and Daisy is alive.
Daisy the Donkey​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "That was my dream."
Juke's Dream.
Cut to Juke's bedroom. Camera zooms in and fades into his dream where he is on the school playground sitting on a bench. Carmen walks by.
Juke says: "Hey, Carmen."
Juke says: "What's up?"
Juke says: "I can talk!"
Juke says: "I can communicate again!"
Camera zooms out, revealing Gumball and Darwin standing next to him.
Juke says: "Guys, guys!"
Juke says: "Let's have a conversation right now!"
Juke says: "No..."
Juke says: "no!"
Tobias walks in banging on his head, making bongo sounds.
Juke says: "No!"
Juke says: "That's not fair!"
Camera zooms further out, revealing Carrie, Masami, Carmen, Leslie and Molly as well, all communicating via instrumental sounds.
Juke says: "NOOOOO!!"
The Robinsons' Dreams.
The camera cuts to the Robinsons sleeping. Then, in their dreams, Mrs. Robinson is relaxing on a chair, and Mr. Robinson is blowing away leaves. Then, Mr. Robinson looks at his wife and blows her, chuckling. He blows at her again and starts laughing. He blows at her once more until Mrs. Robinson throws a garden gnome at the blower that then explodes, covering him in soot. She laughs, provoking him into setting off sprinklers at her. They start throwing objects at each other. After that, they look around to see there is nothing else left to throw so they turn into Super Saiyans and use so much power, they explode out of bed.
Sussie's Dream.
Cut to Sussie sleeping in her bed. Then we go to her dream.
Person says: "Okay, cut!"
Person says: "And that's a wrap!"
Person says: "Alright, thanks everybody."
Sussie says: "What's going on?"
Somebody off-screen removes the bed behind Sussie, and then removes her accessories, revealing Aurélie Charbonnier.
Person says: "Will somebody go check on her?"
Person says: "Is she okay?"
Alan's Dream.
[Camera cuts to Alan's bedroom. Suddenly a still with a skull on a fiery background pops up for a split-second. It pops up again says: "Strawberries/Vegetables melting, two creepy clown statues, a clown making balloon animals out of Alan's parents, a hand with an eye in the center, and someone scraping their nails on a chalkboard."
then finally fully shows up. This is followed by a chain of weird/disturbing scenes says: "Strawberries/Vegetables melting, two creepy clown statues, a clown making balloon animals out of Alan's parents, a hand with an eye in the center, and someone scraping their nails on a chalkboard."
including says: "Strawberries/Vegetables melting, two creepy clown statues, a clown making balloon animals out of Alan's parents, a hand with an eye in the center, and someone scraping their nails on a chalkboard."
[Camera cuts to Alan's bedroom. Suddenly a still with a skull on a fiery background pops up for a split-second. It pops up again says: "This is played with Giuseppe Verdi's Dies iræ from Messa da Requiem."
then finally fully shows up. This is followed by a chain of weird/disturbing scenes says: "This is played with Giuseppe Verdi's Dies iræ from Messa da Requiem."
including says: "This is played with Giuseppe Verdi's Dies iræ from Messa da Requiem."
End of a Night.
The Moon says: "Well, now you know what joy and fun is in the dreams of everyone."
Camera cuts back to Larry, still in jail.
Larry says: "In three..."
Larry says: "two..."
Larry says: "one..."
Larry says: "Oh..."
The Moon says: "Well, almost everyone."
Camera cuts back to the Moon over some citizen's homes.
The Moon says: "So, when to bed you have retired..."
Marvin pops up from a nearby window with lights turned on in his house.
Marvin says: "Quiet, you, I'm really tired!"
The Moon says: "Just count yourself truly blessed..."
Harold pops from his window with lights turned on in his house.
Harold​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, I'm trying to get some rest!"
The Moon says: "As dreams abound all over town..."
Cut to Patrick at the window, upset and holding a sandal.
Patrick says: "Seriously, buddy, keep it down!"
The Moon says: "Enjoy—"
The Moon says: "Enjoy this moment while it lasts, embrace whatever comes to pass."
The Moon says: "For the day's always kind of rough, because the night is never long enough."
Immediately cuts to the next morning. Everyone's alarm clocks go off, and several citizens can be heard groaning.
Episode ends.