Mr. Small's "Candy".
The episode begins at the teachers' lounge in Elmore Junior High, where Principal Brown walks up to a plate of red and white-striped candy on a plate. He takes it and begins eating the candy. However, he notices it tastes weird, and he spits it out.
Moonchild Corneille says: "I've come to show you the journey within."
Nigel Brown says: "Uhh, Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Small?"
Nigel Brown says: "Is there anything weird in this candy you brought back from your vacation?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Fear me not, Nigel!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "For I am your spirit animal-l-l!"
Principal Brown walks out of the room and closes the door, with a freaked out expression.
Nigel Brown says: "Um, Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Small?"
Zoom out to reveal Coach licking a fire extinguisher.
Coach  Russo says: "My hands!"
Coach  Russo says: "They're like spiders made out of meat!"
Zoom back in on Principal Brown.
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Small?"
Nigel Brown says: "Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Small!!"
Cut to behind Mr. Small's door. Principal Brown walks up to the door and opens it.
Nigel Brown says: "What is in this candy?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
A giant goat head is shown inside Mr. Small's office and races towards the camera.
No School Today.
Outside the school, two doctors are driving a stretcher with a twitching Principal Brown on it towards a ambulance. Gumball, Darwin, Masami, Alan and Carmen are all standing by looking at the doctors.
Bandage Doctor says: "Sorry, kids, but there's no school today."
Bandage Doctor says: "The staff have all been evacuated to the hospital."
Zoom in on Gumball and Darwin. Gumball puts on a giant smile.
Darwin says: "Dude, you can at least show some concern."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're right."
Gumball swipes his face down and changes to an overly concerned face in the process. Camera zooms out as Gumball secretly dances with his legs; Darwin notices it.
Darwin says: "Come on, let's go home."
Gumball and Darwin Spy on Samantha.
Gumball and Darwin walk towards the door of their house.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad will be surprised to see us."
Gumball says: "Yeah, we might interrupt his third breakfast."
Samantha opens the door; Gumball and Darwin look at Samantha with confused/surprised expressions. Then Samantha quickly closes the door, her footsteps decreasing in volume. After that, Gumball takes a step and knocks on the door.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Richard opens the door with a red smear over his lips, as he is sweaty and looks suspiciously nervous.
Richard says: "Uh, h-hi guys, what's up?"
Gumball says: "School's canceled, what's that on your lips?"
Richard checks his lips, and pretends to be surprised about the smear.
Richard says: "Uh, I, uh..."
Richard says: "I was just eating some, uhh..."
Richard says: "What's that awful stuff that's like fruit that people decorate plates with?"
Darwin says: "You mean a vegetable?"
Richard says: "Uhh, yes."
Richard says: "That's what's stained on my lips."
Richard says: "A vergetule."
Gumball says: "What kind?"
Richard says: "A re- a red one?"
Gumball says: "Okay, stop lying."
Gumball says: "We saw her."
Gumball says: "Who is she?"
Richard says: "Uh, what is the name of these people that you pay to make your skin cry until you're thin?"
Darwin says: "A personal trainer?"
Richard says: "That's it."
Richard says: "She was reminding me I have to go to that place where the bicycles go nowhere."
Gumball says: "You mean the gym?"
Richard says: "Yes, the gym, and I'm late."
Richard says: "'Kay, bye."
Richard leaves the house with a yellow purse, leaving Gumball and Darwin with a look of suspicion on their faces.
Gumball says: "I don't think he's going to the gym."
Darwin says: "'Cause the only gym that he goes to is Jim the cashier at the donut store?"
Gumball says: "No- I mean yes."
Gumball says: "But also because the gym bag he grabbed..."
Gumball says: "was a woman's purse."
At the Mall.
Scene cuts to outside mall entrance. Inside the store, Gumball and Darwin are at a wallpapered counter; Gumball watches Richard with a pair of binoculars.
Gumball says: "Liar!"
Gumball says: "He's buying perfume for that woman."
Darwin says: "Maybe it's just for him."
Gumball says: "Yeah, sure."
Gumball says: "To hide the scent of his SHAME!"
The word "Shame" echoes. Richard hears it and looks concerned. Gumball and Darwin hide.
Gumball and Darwin freeze while looking at the camcorder. Richard looks at the giant television screen that projects the camcorder.
Richard says: "Huh?"
Screen shows Gumball and Darwin in detailed form, the screen marked "4K" at the top left corner.
Gumball says: "I guess 4K is how far you have to stand away from the camera so you don't look like a photo from a dermatology textbook."
Gumball shuts off the camcorder; while Darwin gasps, Richard is gone.
Darwin says: "Where did he go?"
Richard goes to the restroom, looking around for any witnesses. Inside the restroom, Richard throws the purse at the counter, looking serious. Richard applies his makeup, and his ladylike attire, becoming a lady named Samantha.
Meet-up with the Girls.
Gumball and Darwin are walking outside the store. Darwin sees Samantha.
Darwin says: "Look!"
Darwin says: "It's the lady we saw at home!"
The shot focuses on Samantha, as she walks toward a lady trio.
Samantha says: "Well, hello, girls."
Gumball says: "Let's eavesdrop."
Gumball and Darwin grow disproportionately large ears.
Maria says: "Ah, Samantha."
Maria says: "Finally."
Maria says: "We've been waiting so long, Angela's clothes are back in fashion."
Canned laughter is played.
Samantha says: "Better late than ugly, Maria."
Samantha says: "A girl needs to make some effort for her man."
Maria says: "Samantha darling, the last time you were a girl, men still had gills."
Canned laughter is played.
Angela says: "So, when do we get to meet this elusive boyfriend of yours?"
Samantha says: "Oh, he's not elusive, Angela."
Samantha says: "He just doesn't like to answer questions straightforwardly and prefers changing the subject to avoid them."
Violet​​​​​ says: "Samantha, are you nervous because we might judge your new boyfriend?"
Angela says: "No, Violet."
Angela says: "She's worried about how mimes place their orders at the drive-through."
Canned laughter is played.
Maria says: "Ah, you, younger women are so demanding!"
Maria says: "So, what if Samantha's boyfriend isn't around that much?"
Maria says: "As long as a man has a pulse and a smile, who cares?"
Violet​​​​​ says: "I'd be so happy to get a man with either of those things, and at my age, I don't care which."
Violet​​​​​ says: "Do you think he might have a friend for me?"
Angela says: "Yes, Violet."
Angela says: "The Easter Bunny."
Canned laughter is played.
Samantha says: "Now, you listen here, my man does exist!"
Samantha says: "As a matter of fact, I'm meeting him in the park later."
Gumball and Darwin believe that Richard might be Samantha's boyfriend.
Due to the major efforts in screaming, Gumball and Darwin pass out.
Samantha's Boyfriend at the Park.
As Samantha sits on a bench in the park, the other women are hiding behind the park directory.
Maria says: "Ugh, This is taking forever."
Maria says: "I've not got a lot of time."
Maria says: "Skins and regrets, yes, but time, no."
Violet​​​​​​ says: "Do you think maybe he's running a little late?"
Angela says: "No, Violet, he arrived on time."
Angela says: "He just set our watches early for a prank."
Canned laughter is played. Then the camera focuses on the bush, where Gumball and Darwin show up and observe Samantha's "boyfriend".
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Samantha looks at her watch.
Samantha says: "Oh, there he is!"
Samantha says: "Hello, sugar!"
Maria, Violet and Angela gasp upon seeing Samantha's boyfriend.
Samantha now speaking Richard says: "Hey, honey."
Samantha now speaking Richard says: "How's your day been?"
Gumball and Darwin gasp in exaggerated shock. The camera focuses on a portion of Richard's arms hugging Samantha; however, at a different perspective, the scene reveals that Samantha is making smooching noises while hugging herself with the portion of his real arms, having a worried expression on her face.
Maria says: "Aww, it makes my heart skip a beat to know that love can still blossom at our age."
Maria says: "Wait."
Maria says: "That's two beats."
Maria says: "Three!"
Maria says: "Somebody do something—"
Maria says: "Oh, yeah, there it is."
Darwin says: "I can't believe it."
Gumball says: "Dad always said Mom is out of his league."
Gumball says: "But I never thought he'd want to get back down into his own league."
A whistling noise is played as Gumball and Darwin look upward.
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "The bombshell that just got dropped on us."
Darwin says: "Huh."
Darwin says: "I always thought it was a metaphor."
Camera zooms out to reveal a literal bombshell dropping; when it comes into contact with the ground, the screen cuts to black as it explodes.
Gumball and Darwin Confront Richard.
Scene cuts to Wattersons' house. Richard enters the house and is shocked upon seeing Gumball and Darwin. Gumball and Darwin angrily glare at Richard with bloodshot eyes from grief.
Gumball says: "We know about Samantha."
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Well, I guess you were bound to find out one day."
Richard says: "How do you feel about it?"
Darwin smashes a plate from the table.
Gumball says: "Oh, just great!"
Gumball says: "How do you think Mom would feel about it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Well, she's not around in the day."
Richard says: "I've got to find some way of keeping myself entertained."
Gumball says: "Entertained?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin smashes another plate.
Richard says: "Is it so bad that I have some fun?"
Richard says: "I enjoy the time I spend with my girls."
Gumball says: "Girls?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Plural?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin smashes the last plate.
Richard says: "What difference does it make if it's more than one?"
Gumball says: "You maggot."
Gumball says: "How many?"
Richard says: "Three at the moment, but you know, the more the merrier."
Gumball says: "I think I'm gonna be sick."
Gumball says: "Darwin, smash another plate."
Scene reveals that Darwin has run out of plates to smash.
Darwin says: "Hold on."
While upbeat music plays, Darwin goes to his room to order plates online. Then he waits until the mailman arrives with the package. Once he receives the package, he opens it at the table and smashes one of the plates. The plate falls in a swiveling manner.
Darwin says: "Dagnabbit, I bought the paper ones."
Richard says: "I don't see what's so wrong with having a secret double life."
Gumball is revealed to be caressing Darwin in order to appease him, while he is hysterically bawling.
Gumball says: "Look how it's already affecting us!"
Richard says: "Yeah, well, only because it's not secret anymore."
Richard says: "So I was technically correct."
Richard says: "Nothing wrong with a "secret" double life."
Gumball says: "Dad, this whole thing is based on lies, and that's not right!"
Gumball says: "Or maybe just tell her by text or something?"
Gumball says: "Yep."
Gumball says: "Burning all her stuff on the dump—"
Gumball says: "that'll do it."
Richard takes a deep breath, and climbs upstairs. Then he reveals himself to be Samantha, in a courageous pose.
Samantha says: "But at least I'm bowing out with grace."
Samantha walks down the stairs and heads for the door.
Gumball says: "Do you realize what this means?"
Darwin reacts in realization.
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "Samantha was in the bathroom the whole time!"
Gumball's countenance indicates him being incorrect; Darwin reacts in realization.
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom is Samantha!"
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad is..."
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom?"
Gumball touches the bridge of his nose.
Darwin says: "I'm Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad?"
Gumball says: "Dad and Samantha are the same person!"
Gumball says: "So, we better stop him before he ruins his beautiful friendship with those sassy girls."
Gumball and Darwin run out.
The Truth.
Scene switches to a shot of the lady trio's house, in which the ladies are eating cheesecake.
Angela says: "Mmm, Maria, this cheesecake is so good, I wanna marry it and have its cupcakes."
Canned laughter is played.
Violet​​​​​ says: "Oh, that reminds me of a story from Minnesota."
Angela says: "Does it involve a woman marrying a cake?"
Violet​​​​​ says: "Oh no."
Violet​​​​​ says: "I'm afraid it was at a time when society wasn't as tolerant as it is now."
Violet​​​​​ says: "People were only allowed to marry a potato from a different farm."
Canned laughter is played.
Angela says: "Can we skip the nonsense part and get to the end, please?"
Violet​​​​​ says: "Oh."
Violet​​​​​ says: "Sure."
Violet​​​​​ says: "The end."
Angela facepalms. Samantha suddenly enters the house in agitation.
Samantha says: "I have a dramatic announcement to make!"
Maria says: "He dumped you for a slimmer woman?"
Samantha says: "No."
Angela says: "He dumped you for a younger woman?"
Samantha says: "No!"
Violet​​​​​ says: "He dumped you for a potato from a different farm?"
Samantha says: "What?"
Samantha says: "No."
Samantha says: "It's about my new boyfriend."
Samantha says: "He doesn't really exist."
Angela immediately stands up and takes Maria's money for losing a presumed bet.
Angela says: "And the rest of the forfeit."
Maria sighs and eats her own purse.
Samantha says: "And there is more."
Samantha says: "I've been deceiving y'all."
Samantha says: "But I have decided to break the circle of lies."
Samantha says: "My real name isn't Samantha."
Angela says: "Wait, so your name is not Samantha, that's all?"
Samantha says: "No, there's more."
Samantha removes her wig, and the girls gasp in disgust.
Violet​​​​​ says: "You're bald?"
Samantha says: "I'll give you one more clue."
Samantha removes her makeup. The girls gasp in disgust again.
Violet​​​​​ says: "You're ugly?"
Richard says: "Okay, one more clue."
Richard removes his ladylike dress, revealing his naked body; the girls gasp.
Violet​​​​​ says: "You're a naturist?!"
Violet​​​​​ says: "!"
Angela says: "HE'S A MAN, VIOLET!"
Maria says: "Well, I guess the clue was in the name—"
Maria says: "Sa-man-tha."
Maria says: "Also, guess what you get if you switch the letters of the name around?"
Maria says: ""Thas-a-man!"
Thank You For Being a Friend.
Richard says: "I'm sorry."
Violet​​​​​ says: "But why would you lie to us?"
Richard says: "I was a bored house-husband."
Richard says: "I did try to make some male friends..."
The scene crossfades on flashbacks where Richard tries to make male friends. At the stadium, the surrounding audience being the sphere citizens, Richard is seated next to Hot Dog Guy.
Richard says: "Hey, bro!"
Richard says: "Did you see that boxing game last night with the guy who did a touchdown in the hoop with his basketball stick?"
Due to the awkwardly incorrect sport terminology, all the people in the stadium angrily stare at him, as the referee whistles at him, Richard exiting in response.
Richard says: "Sorry."
Richard says: "Excuse me."
Richard says: "Coming through."
Another flashback plays, showing Richard as a mechanic assisting Orange Security Guard.
Orange Security Guard says: "Hey, bud, can you pass me the nut spinner flex?"
Richard tries to find said tool, then passes the yellow car jack.
Richard says: "Here you go."
Orange Security Guard says: "Wait what is that-  Oww!"
The next flashback features Harold, the Cowboy and the Tattoo Artist playing basketball. After the basketball is thrown down the hoop, they celebrate, but not before Richard is unexpectedly slapping their butts.
Richard says: "Hey, nice one!"
Richard says: "Hey..."
Richard says: "Not."
A flashback of a depressed Richard sitting on a bench in the mall is then seen.
Richard says: "But I guess I'm just not great at being a man."
Richard says: "Then I saw you guys."
Richard sees the girls as they enjoy their time.
Richard says: "You were so free and loving."
Richard says: "You were just being yourselves."
The flashback abruptly ends.
Richard says: "I did what I had to do!"
Richard says: "It's not my fault if society doesn't approve of men being friends with mature women."
Angela says: "Literally no one has a problem with that."
Richard says: "Ah."
Richard says: "Well, in that case, I did what I didn't have to do."
Angela says: "Well, Richard, there is something you should know, too—"
Gumball and Darwin suddenly enter the house.
Gumball says: "Samantha, wait!"
Richard says: "It's okay, boys."
Richard says: "The cat's out of the bag."
Gumball says: "Yeah, or more like the large, pink, naked rabbit is out of his pants."
Richard says: "But before I go, I just want to say one last thing: thank you for being a friend."
Violet​​​​​ says: "No, please, wait!"
Violet removes her wig and wipes her makeup, revealing herself to be Marvin.
Marvin says: "You're not the only one who lied."
Angela removes her mask, revealing herself to be George.
George says: "We all felt the same way."
Maria says: "Yes, me too."
Maria says: "I guess not."
Short pause.
Maria says: "Well, this is awkward."
Marvin says: "So, I guess we just have to go back to being sad, lonely old men."
Gumball says: "But why don't you just carry on hanging out as guys?"
George says: "Unless we keep dressing up and just pretend none of this ever happened."
Maria says: "Mm-hmm!"
Richard says: "Mm-hmm!"
Marvin says: "Mm-hmm!"
Darwin says: "Or you could just be friends."
George says: "Well, if it's the choice between continuing to dress up as old ladies..."
Gumball says: "It isn't."
George says: "..."
George says: "or we stop spending time together..."
Gumball says: "It isn't."
Marvin says: "That's settled then."
Marvin says: "We have no option but to ignore the fact we're all actually men."
Gumball says: "No, you don't."
Richard says: "We all have to make sacrifices."
Gumball says: "No, you don—"
Season After Season.
A concluding parody of "Thank You for Being a Friend" plays; Gumball and Darwin notice the music, as the men, now dressed up as their respective ladies again, enjoy their time together in a montage.
Season after season, you kept going somehow.
And I know.
You'll always be on cable—.
The ending scene of the ladies posing to be excited turns into a realistic awkward moment.
Gumball says: "Eh, whatever floats your boat."
Gumball and Darwin exit the house.
Voice says: "And when you're needin' a helpin' hand—"
Episode abruptly ends.