The Last Trophy.
Rocky is seen polishing some trophies of Miss Simian, when her reflection is seen in the glass. Rocky yelps and drops the trophy.
Lucy Simian says: "Careful, numbskull!"
Lucy Simian says: "These trophies are symbols of my excellence as a teacher."
Lucy Simian says: "It took me 754 years to collect them all."
Rocky mumbles.
Lucy Simian says: "What was that?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Rocky says: "Hello!"
Rocky says: ""Favorite teacher award"?"
Rocky says: "It's like the best one and stuff, but you'll never win it."
Lucy Simian says: "Why not?"
Rocky says: "Because you need a letter of recommendation from a student who, uh..."
Rocky says: "actually likes you."
Lucy Simian says: "That sounds easy enough."
Rocky says: "Seriously, though, no one likes you, Miss Simian."
Rocky says: "Not even me!"
Rocky says: "And I like everybody."
Rocky runs away.
Lucy Simian says: "Nobody likes me?"
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm..."
In Class.
Miss Simian continues to think even in class as Gumball and Darwin watch her.
Gumball says: "Dude, I think something's wrong with Miss Simian."
Darwin says: "What makes you say that?"
Gumball says: "She hasn't told anyone off all day."
Gumball faces behind. The camera changes views, showing all members of the class causing a massive chaos.
Darwin says: "That is weird."
The school bell rings.
Gumball says: "Hey, guys!"
Gumball says: "Wait up!"
Lucy Simian says: "Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Yeah..."
Gumball says: "?"
Lucy Simian says: "You and I are friends, right?"
Gumball says: "Are we?"
Lucy Simian says: "Well, what with all the detentions and everything, I guess we spend a lot of time together."
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "I guess so."
Gumball says: "Anyway, gotta go."
Lucy Simian says: "Just one more thing."
Lucy Simian says: "Would you mind if I hang out with you just for a little while?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "yeah."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I would."
Break Time.
Scene changes to Gumball and Darwin in the school yard.
Gumball says: "Basically, she asked to be my friend."
Gumball says: "Well, I told her "no," obviously."
Gumball says: "But she's just following me around."
Scene location changes to the cafeteria, where Gumball, Darwin and Miss Simian having lunch together.
Gumball says: "And the strangest thing is, she's completely unresponsive."
Gumball says: "Watch."
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "Nothing!"
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Try something hot."
Return to Home.
Gumball and Darwin are on the way to their home, with Miss Simian following them.
Darwin says: "Yep."
Darwin starts walking with Gumball for a few steps before turning to Miss Simian again.
Darwin says: "Shoo!"
Darwin says: "Shoo!"
Darwin says: "Shoo!!"
Brief silence.
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Fetch!"
Miss Simian acts depressed and does nothing, then they give up.
Unexpected Guest.
Scene changes in front of the Wattersons' house, from which slurping can be heard. Scene changes inside, with the Wattersons watching Miss Simian drinking milk from a bowl of cereal.
Nicole says: "What is she doing in my house?"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm walking."
Darwin says: "It's so sad."
Lucy Simian says: "This is me..."
Lucy Simian says: "on my way."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm at the door..."
Anais says: "This is kind of harsh."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm turning the door knob."
Richard says: "I don't know why, but I'm crying!"
Lucy Simian says: "Boy, it sure looks lonely out there."
Gumball says: "Mom, why do you hate Miss Simian so much?"
Nicole says: "I don't want to talk about it."
Darwin says: "Please, let her stay!"
Nicole says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "She can stay, but—"
Miss Simian interrupts Nicole from the window.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, thank you!"
Lucy Simian says: "You're such a kind and friendly family!"
Lucy Simian says: "I never had friends before."
Lucy Simian says: "I don't even know what friends do."
Gumball says: "Don't worry."
Gumball says: "We'll show you."
Therapy Session.
Gumball, Darwin and Miss Simian are outside of the house.
Gumball says: "Now, a very important part of friendship is sharing."
Gumball says: "Imagine you both have ice creams."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Lucy Simian says: "Oh."
Darwin moves his tongue as if licking ice cream.
Gumball says: "But what's this?"
Gumball says: "Darwin has dropped his ice cream."
Gumball waits for Darwin to mimic the ice cream dropping, but Darwin doesn't stop licking.
Gumball says: "I said, "Darwin has dropped his ice cream."
He wings his hands over Darwin's hand as he knocks over Darwin's ice cream.
Gumball says: "Splat!"
Darwin says: "You got it on my shoes."
Lucy Simian says: "Uh, do you want to share mine?"
Gumball says: "Very good."
Lucy Simian says: "Ice cream, Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Aw, thanks!"
Lucy Simian says: "But, Gumball, you don't have an ice cream."
Lucy Simian says: "Want to share mine?"
Gumball says: "Sure!"
Miss Simian starts licking, then Gumball also starts licking, literally, but then stops licking.
Gumball says: "Oh..."
Camera zooms to Gumball's tongue trying to avoid touching Miss Simian's tongue, then he gives up.
Gumball says: "Dude,  this is so gross!"
Darwin says: "Why don't you pretend you have your own ice cream?"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Why didn't I think of that?"
Hi-Face.
Scene changes to the bench area in a Stadium.
Gumball says: "Friends also high-five, like this."
Gumball says: "High-five!"
Darwin says: "High-five!"
Gumball says: "Okay, now—"
Miss Simian pushes her hand into Gumball's face.
Gumball says: "No, I mean slap my—"
Miss Simian repeats the same thing.
Gumball says: "Let's move on to the next lesson."
Dodge or Dare.
Scene changes to the Wattersons' backyard.
Gumball says: "How about we all play game, like friends do?"
Gumball says: "Here's one we made up."
Gumball says: "It's called..."
Gumball says: "Dodge or Dare!"
Darwin says: "Dodge or Dare!"
Gumball says: "Roll the dice."
Miss Simian rolls the dice.
Gumball says: "Take a card."
Miss Simian takes a card.
Gumball says: "What'd you get?"
Darwin says: "What'd you get?"
Lucy Simian says: ""Put a gooey hair ball in Miss Simian's lunch."
Gumball says: "L-Let me take that."
Gumball takes the card that Miss Simian had and hands her a deck of cards, which Miss Simian takes one of them.
Gumball says: "Pick another."
Lucy Simian says: ""When Miss Simian's back is turned—"
Gumball says: "Heh heh."
Gumball says: "Forget the cards."
Gumball says: "Here's a dare: make the most annoying noise possible."
Lucy Simian says: "Eeeh..."
Gumball says: "O..."
Gumball says: "kay."
Gumball says: "That was..."
Gumball says: "good, but we know that you can do better."
Darwin says: "Like when you're mad at us."
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, you mean this little thing?"
Lucy Simian says: "GUUUUUUUUUMBAAAAAAALL!!!"
Miss Simian's scream is so loud that it produces ultrasonic residue and makes both Gumball's and Darwin's skin slides back and shows their insides of their mouth.
Gumball says: "That..."
Darwin says: "That..."
Gumball says: "was..."
Darwin says: "was..."
Gumball says: "awesome!"
Darwin says: "awesome!"
Gumball says: "High-five!"
As before, Miss Simian pushes her hands into Gumball and Darwin's faces.
Gumball says: "That still needs a little work."
View changes to backyard window, with Nicole watching Gumball, Darwin and Miss Simian while doing her dishwashing.
Nicole says: "I've got my eye on you, Simian."
Family Fun.
Scene changes to the living room of the Wattersons' house where Richard is laughing on the couch.
Richard says: "Ha-ha-ha-ha."
Richard says: "Do it again!"
Richard says: "Do it again!"
Camera zooms out showing Miss Simian blowing into Richard's stomach again, while Nicole watches the family laughing. Richard falls off the couch, laughing and revealing Darwin standing behind him.
Lucy Simian says: "I'm so pleased to finally have such great friends!"
Gumball says: "Ahhh!"
Darwin says: "Ahhh!"
Richard says: "Ahhh!"
Anais says: "Ahhh!"
Gumball says: "We love you, Miss Simian."
Darwin says: "We love you, Miss Simian."
Richard says: "We love you, Miss Simian."
Anais says: "We love you, Miss Simian."
Camera zooms to Nicole.
Nicole says: "Sorry, kids."
Nicole says: "Miss Simian, c-can I have a word with you  in private, please?"
View changes to the dining room.
Lucy Simian says: "Yes, Nicole, how can I help you?"
Nicole says: "Listen, Simian, you might have the rest of them fooled, but I don't trust you for a second."
Nicole says: "I remember you from school."
Nicole says: "I remember the horrible name you used to call me everyday."
Camera zooms towards Nicole and Miss Simian.
Nicole says: "Do you remember that?"
Lucy Simian says: "Yes, I do."
Lucy Simian says: "And I'm sorry."
Camera zooms to Nicole.
Nicole says: "What?"
Then to Miss Simian.
Lucy Simian says: "I was that horrid person for so long, and look where it got me."
Lucy Simian says: "No friends, no family,  just bitterness and wrinkles."
Camera zooms to Nicole who is still surprised and back to Miss Simian again.
Lucy Simian says: "Will you give me that chance?"
Nicole says: "Oh, I don't know."
Nicole says: "It's all happening so fast."
Miss Simian rushes forward and hugs Nicole from behind.
Lucy Simian says: "Ple-e-e-e-e-ase?"
Nicole says: "Okay, I'll-I'll give it another shot."
The Letter.
Scene changes to Front of Wattersons' house, then into the living room.
Gumball says: "What do we do now, best friends?"
Lucy Simian says: "Uh, let's see."
Lucy Simian says: "I know!"
Lucy Simian says: "Best friends write letters to each other about how great they are."
Gumball says: "Wow!"
Gumball says: "What a..."
Gumball says: "friendly idea."
Gumball says: "What shall we write?"
Lucy Simian says: "Um..."
Lucy Simian says: "ooh..."
Lucy Simian says: "How about "We, the aforementioned, unanimously agree that Miss Simian is worthy of this year's Favorite Teacher Award."
Gumball says: ""Favorite Teacher Award."
Gumball says: "" Okay!"
Gumball says: "Done it!"
Miss Simian quickly takes the notepad from Gumball, and laughs maniacally.
Lucy Simian says: "It's mine!"
Miss Simian dances away in glee as hip-hop music plays.
Lucy Simian says: "Ah-a!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ha-mmm!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ah-mmm!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ah-a!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ah-a!"
Lucy Simian says: "Uh-hmm!"
Lucy Simian says: "Uh-mmm!"
Scene changes to the window.
Darwin says: "Look how happy she is."
Gumball says: "That's the power of friendship."
Horrible Memories.
Scene changes to Elmore Junior High.
Gumball says: "Wow!"
Gumball says: "You baked that cake for Miss Simian?"
Nicole says: "Yeah."
Nicole says: "I think she deserves a second chance."
Nicole says: "Is Miss Simian around?"
Rocky says: "Nah, dude."
Rocky says: "She just drove off."
Rocky says: "You should've seen her, all dancing and laughing, saying she finally got some losers to write her a "Favorite Teacher" nomination."
The scene goes slow-motion, Nicole gasps and drops the cake, which shatters upon hitting the floor.
Nicole says: "What was the word she used?"
Rocky says: ""Losers."
Nicole's eyes grow wide and the scene changes to a flashback of her as a baby, falling after a few steps, and feeling sad.
Nicole says: "Unh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Heh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Nice first steps, loser!"
Nicole, as a kid, falls from a bike that was hitting a rock.
Nicole says: "Unh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Nice cycling, loser!"
Nicole, as a student, reading a poem in class.
Lucy Simian says: "Nice "poem," loser!"
At the school reunion dance.
Lucy Simian says: "Nice hair, loser."
At Nicole's wedding with Richard, Miss Simian passes by with her car.
Lucy Simian says: "Nice husband, loser!"
End of flashback. Scene returns to the school.
Nicole says: "Everyone, get back in the car."
Richard says: "Now?"
The Chase.
Scene changes to Miss Simian driving in her car down the expressway.
Lucy Simian says: "Soon the trophy will be mine!"
Nicole bumps into the rear-end of Miss Simian's car with her own car.
Nicole says: "We'll see about that, you two-faced baboon!"
Lucy Simian says: "There's nothing you can do about it, loser!"
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Something I should have done a long time ago."
Nicole and Miss Simian's cars bump a few times. Gumball, Anais, and Darwin sway as the car shakes.
Nicole says: "Kids, throw stuff at her!"
Gumball says: "But isn't that dangerous?"
Nicole says: "Not as dangerous as disobeying your mother!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais grab soda cans.
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Gumball says: "Eh!"
Miss Simian begins to swerve.
Lucy Simian says: "Ah!"
Lucy Simian says: "Oh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Aaah!"
Anais says: "Open your mouth."
Anais loads the candy into Darwin's mouth, and he fires it at Miss Simian like a machine gun. The candy cracks Miss Simian's windshield.
Lucy Simian says: "Aah!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ohh!"
Gumball says: "I hope you like pepperoni!"
Lucy Simian says: "Aaaaaah!"
Miss Simian's car into the rails and drives tilted for a little while. She notices the recommendation letter about to fly out and grabs it.
Lucy Simian says: "That was close!"
Miss Simian's car tilts back to normal,but she rides off a ramp made of dirt.
Lucy Simian says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!"
Gumball says: "Cool!"
Lucy Simian says: "Not coo-o-o-o-l!"
Miss Simian's car lands right side up.
Darwin says: "I thought you were our friend, Miss Simian."
Lucy Simian says: "Ha!"
Lucy Simian says: "Who needs friends when you have this letter?"
Lucy Simian says: "Aah!"
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
The letter is stuck on Miss Simian's car antenna.
Nicole says: "There it is, Richard!"
Nicole says: "Get it!"
Richard says: "Do what?!"
Richard says: "!"
Nicole says: "I'll get closer, and you'll lean in and grab it."
Richard says: "Seriously?"
Nicole gives him a serious look, and Richard rolls down the window.
Richard says: "Little bit closer, honey!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Almost..."
Richard says: "there!"
Richard says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Richard holding on to both cars.
Richard says: "Oooh-whoo!"
Richard says: "Whoo-oooh!"
Nicole says: "Hold on!"
Richard says: "Waaah-ha!"
Richard's head falls through Miss Simian's car window.
Richard says: "Hi."
Lucy Simian says: "Bye!"
Richard says: "Ow!"
The cars break through the rail as a truck approaches them.
All says: "Aaaaaaaah!"
The two cars separate when the truck goes by. The cars then come closer and Richard is standing on both cars.
Richard says: "Got it!"
Richard says: "Ha ha!"
Richard says: "Aaaaaah!"
Richard drops letter, which gets wrapped around the antenna again, when he sees rail.
The cars separate and Richard is left running on a car ramp until he goes flying into the air.
Richard says: "Whoooooa!"
Nicole says: "Never..."
Nicole says: "trick..."
Nicole says: "my..."
Nicole says: "family..."
Nicole says: "again!"
Anais says: "Mom, watch out!"
Gumball says: "Wooooaaah!"
Darwin says: "Wooooaaah!"
Anais says: "Wooooaaah!"
Nicole's car stops.
Nicole says: "And that, kids, is why you wear seatbelts."
Gumball says: "Where's Miss Simian?"
Lucy Simian says: "Uh..."
Lucy Simian says: "huh..."
Lucy Simian says: "ah..."
Lucy Simian says: "ah-hey!"
Scene changes to Miss Simian trying to reach the letter on her windshield, and her car tipping over the ledge.
Gumball says: "Miss Simian, no!"
Miss Simian looks towards Gumball.
Gumball says: "You could still be friends with us if you like."
Miss Simian glances at the letter, then glances at Gumball, Darwin, and Anais.
Lucy Simian says: "Nah!"
Lucy Simian says: "Aaaaaaaaaah!"
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Nicole look over the ledge as a crash and explosion are heard.
Gumball says: "Ohhh."
Richard says: "What did I miss?"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Nicole says: "Oh, just Simian taking a little tumble."
Richard says: "Maybe that'll teach her for "monkeying around."
Nicole says: "We shouldn't laugh."
Nicole says: "She may be seriously hurt."
Richard says: "Well, you shouldn't have "gibbon" her a second chance."
Nicole says: "No, really."
Nicole says: "That's enough."
Richard says: "Well, she shouldn't have "orangu-tangled" with us."
Nicole says: "I said that's enough."
So Worth it.
Scene changes to Miss Simian bandaged and in a wheelchair putting a trophy on her shelf in school.
Lucy Simian says: "That was so worth it."
Episode ends.