Classic Bully Chase.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin running from Tina in the school hallway, then Gumball kicks a bucket filled with water.
Rocky says: "Hey!"
Tina slips on the water.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball looks back and sees Tina skating on the water. Gumball and Darwin run to the library while Tina busts through the library door.
Librarian says: "Shhhhhh!"
Gumball and Darwin run to a dead end.
Gumball says: "Oh, no!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, where are the secret passages when you need them?"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Tina says: "Grrrrrr..."
Tina says: "take back what you said."
Gumball says: "Uhhh, I would..."
Gumball says: "IF IT WASN'T TRUE!"
Gumball says: "THERE'S NO POINT OF YOU TAKING PIANO LESSONS, YOU ONLY HAVE FOUR FINGERS, IT'S A WASTE OF YOUR DAD'S MONEY!"
Tina says: "And what do you suggest I play?"
Gumball says: "Pfft,  maracas?"
Tina roars at Gumball.
Tina says: "You better have some kind of escape plan right now."
Gumball says: "Oh, better than that, I got a best friend who's always here to save my skin."
Gumball looks over at Darwin, but he is nowhere to be seen.
Gumball says: "Just do what you gotta do."
Flaking Out on Me.
Scene changes to the TV where a game is being played, then the camera shows Darwin and Anais playing said video game in the Watterson living room; Gumball is frowning and has a neck brace on him;  Richard's eyes are dilated and is playing around with the phone.
Richard says: "Sorry, I can't talk right now, I'm in the shower."
Unknown Caller says: "What?"
The caller hangs up and Richard continues "showering".
Nicole walks down the stairs and prepares to go out.
Nicole says: "Don't worry, the dentist said the anesthetics will wear off by the end of the day, Richard, that's not a shower head."
Nicole says: "It's an ice cream!"
Richard says: "Ohhhh."
Nicole says: "That should keep him busy for awhile."
Nicole says: "And keep an eye on your father please, the last time he was on anesthetics, I caught him smooching an electrical socket."
Darwin says: "All right!"
Darwin says: "Rock-paper-scissors for who does the first chore."
Darwin says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "What was that for?"
Darwin says: "Are you angry about something?"
Gumball looks away.
Anais says: "Do you want to tell him what it is?"
Gumball shakes his head.
Anais says: "Do you wanna mime it out?"
Gumball sighs.
The scene switches to the exterior of the Watterson house, then to Gumball miming.
Anais says: "Oh!"
Anais says: "Oh!"
Anais says: "A praying mantis."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Uhh, a doggy paddle."
Gumball is miming Tina.
Anais says: "Uh, you were climbing up a ladder and got hungry?"
Richard appears behind the couch.
Richard says: "The blue goblin's dance is making my toe sad."
Richard makes a "flushing" motion and disappears behind the couch then Gumball starts make noises.
Darwin says: "Nimble fingers!"
Gumball says: "No it's a- UGH!"
Gumball says: "It's because you flaked out on me yesterday with Tina!"
The oven dings, Darwin goes to the kitchen wearing oven mitts, and Gumball follows him.
Darwin says: "I didn't flake, I just didn't help you, because you were wrong to crush Tina's piano dreams."
Gumball says: "Agh, it doesn't matter whether I was right or wrong, we're practically brothers, what would you say if I let you down like that?"
Darwin says: "I would say thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson."
Darwin notices how hot the pan is and starts screaming.
Darwin says: "WHHAAAAA!!!!!!"
Darwin says: "Hot hot hot hot, come on man, help me out!"
Gumball says: "I would but, I'm too busy teaching you a valuable lesson."
Darwin says: "ANAIS, HELP ME OUT!!!"
Anais is on top of Richard, pulling on his ears, trying to keep him away from an electrical socket.
Anais says: "How about you help me instead!"
Anais says: "?"
Richard says: "No need to look so scared, I will give you a little kiss and make you feel better."
Darwin whimpers as he tries to open the oven with his foot, but is unable to do so.
Darwin says: "COME ON!"
Darwin runs to the sink and tries to put the lasagna down, but the countertop is full of plates and he accidentally breaks a stack of plates; Darwin runs to the counter and places the lasagna there, but it starts melting the counter so he grabs it again.
Darwin says: "AHH!"
Gumball says: "Alright, give it to me."
Gumball tricks Darwin and lets him drop the hot pan on a chair, melting it.
Gumball says: "Whoops!"
Darwin says: "Aw man!"
Darwin tosses the pan in the fridge, but it starts going down, melting every platform. It soon melts through the floor, and continues down into the earth.
Gumball says: "Well, hope they like lasagna in China."
Darwin slams the fridge closed and grabs a note from the fridge door.
Darwin says: "I'll do the groceries with Anais, thank you very much."
The Complaining.
Scene changes to Elmore Shopping where Anais is riding on a trolley while Darwin pushes the trolley. Darwin is carrying a sausage in one hand.
Darwin says: "What right does he have to crush a dream of a poor, young T-Rex, she could have made a song that only had four notes but noooo."
Darwin says: "He makes it all a big deal like I'm the one who let him down when he's the one who let me down, you know what I mean?"
Anais says: "No Darwin, I have absolutely no grasp of the incredibly simple concept you've explained eight times already!"
Darwin says: "Okay, let me start from the beginning."
Anais covers her face with a cake and screams.
Darwin says: "All he had to do was move a plate to help me, is that really equal to me having to fight—"
Scene changes to the Wattersons' living room where Gumball is complaining to Richard, who is looking at his hands.
Gumball says: "A T-Rex!"
Gumball says: "Standing over me like this!"
Gumball says: "But instead he's more concerned with the ins and outs of the rights and wrongs—"
Camera zooms to Richard who is flipping his hands.
Richard says: "My hands don't match."
Camera zooms back to Gumball.
Gumball says: "Of acknowledging the cast iron truth that a four-fingered dinosaur cannot play the piano."
Gumball says: "Does this looks like music to you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard starts crying.
Gumball says: "Anyways what I'm trying to say is that—"
Scene changes back to Darwin and Anais.
Darwin says: "He let me down and it's not the first time this happened—"
Anais says: "Shhh-shh-shh, can you hear that?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Anais says: "HOW GOOD IT SOUNDS WHEN YOU'RE NOT WHINING?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "You're right, I'm gonna speak to him right now!"
Darwin drops the sausage and runs home, leaving Anais behind.
Anais says: "No, I meant after the shopping!"
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Anais says: "Eh!"
Anais says: "Eh!"
Anais says: "Eh!"
Anais says: "This is gonna take a while."
The Apology.
Scene changes to stairwell to the attic where Darwin and Gumball are carrying a heavy computer monitor up to the attic.
Darwin says: "Look, I just wanna say that I'm sorry, I should have been there for you and I hope you can forgive me."
Gumball says: "Okay, I forgive you."
Darwin says: "Don't you think you should apologize as well?"
Gumball says: "Dude, you apologized, end of story."
Gumball says: "I'm not gonna say sorry just 'cause it'll make you feel less guilty."
Gumball says: "You are the one who let me down."
Darwin says: "Oh that wasn't letting you down, this is."
Darwin lets go of the computer monitor while Gumball struggles to hold it by himself.
Darwin says: "Apologize!"
Gumball says: "Never!"
Darwin puts a computer case on top of the monitor while Gumball continues to struggle.
Darwin says: "Apologize!"
Gumball says: "Aghhh, Dad, help!"
Scene changes to Richard who is in the bathroom making silly faces at the mirror.
Richard says: "Hmmm, very good, WELL LET'S SEE IF YOU CAN IMITATE THIS!"
Richard grabs a soap bar and smashes the mirror with it. Scene changes back to Darwin and Gumball.
Darwin says: "Apologize!"
Gumball says: "Is that all you've got left in stock?"
Darwin says: "Apologize!"
Darwin puts a printer on the stack of items.
Gumball says: "Aghhh, never!"
Darwin says: "This is your last chance."
Gumball drops everything on Darwin's foot; Darwin takes a deep breath and then...
Darwin says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, please help—"
Gumball says: "help me!"
Darwin says: "Apologize."
Gumball grabs the mouse that Darwin was holding and they both tumble down the stairs along with computer parts and land near the front door.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry."
Darwin slaps Gumball's hand off his face, but Gumball puts it back on Darwin's face again. This continues for a while, as Anais opens the front door, carrying a bag of groceries.
Anais says: "I think it's time to have a little talk."
The Lesson.
Scene changes to the dining table where Anais has placed four plates of cupcakes; Darwin and Gumball are blindfolded.
Anais says: "Now, we need to rebuild the trust that you lost."
Anais says: "On the plate to your right are the cupcakes, on the plate to your left is the bad food like liver and stuff."
Anais winks as both plates are cupcakes and do not have bad food.
Anais says: "What you need to do is trust the other person to give you the good food."
Gumball says: "Sure, no problem."
Gumball and Darwin pick the cupcakes to their left and feed each other.
Gumball says: "MMMMMMMM!"
Darwin says: "MMMMMMMM!"
Darwin says: "Dude, I thought you tricked me."
Gumball says: "Me too, I expected a mouthful of rat-cake or something."
Gumball says: "But I thought the left plate was..."
Darwin says: "But I thought the left plate was..."
Anais winks and the trio hugs and laughs together.
Anais says: "And that's for flaking out on me at the supermarket."
Gumball says: "What, what did you do?"
Anais says: "The cupcakes you just ingested were laced with parasitic eggs, all they needed to hatch was a moist, warm environment, like your stomach!"
Gumball says: "Ahhh, what's gonna happen to us?"
Gumball and Darwin start touching their bodies.
Anais says: "Firstly, they will eat their way through your stomach lining."
Gumball says: "WHAT?"
Anais says: "Then they'll crawl up to your head and lay eggs in your eyeballs."
Darwin says: "Take them out, I can see them already!"
Anais says: "There's only one way to lure them out."
Scene changes to the living room, where Gumball is whistling at Darwin's butt.
Darwin says: "Ahh, how long we have to do this for?"
Darwin whistles at Gumball's butt.
Anais says: "Until they dance their way out."
Anais uploads a recorded video named "Whistle Bros" to Elmore Stream-It.
Gumball says: "Argh, there wasn't anything in the cupcakes, was there?"
Anais says: "Nope, but there's something on the internet now."
Gumball and Darwin charge at Anais and try to snatch Anais's phone.
Gumball says: "Gimme that phone, give it here, Anais!"
Anais says: "You should thank me, you're buddies again."
Gumball and Darwin stop snatching.
Gumball says: "That's true."
Gumball says: "But you're still getting it!"
Gumball and Darwin start hitting Anais with pillows and the trio start laughing; the phone rings.
Darwin says: "Yes?"
Nicole says: "Hello, sweetie, I just wanted to know if your dad felt any better?"
Darwin looks at the front door and sees trash around the lawn.
Darwin says: "Uh, yeah, he's fine."
Darwin looks out the window and sees their car is missing and all that is left are tire tracks.
Nicole says: "Can you pass me on to him please?"
Darwin says: "Uh, yeah, one minute."
Darwin says: "Hello, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom, what's for dinner?"
Nicole says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "Yep."
Finding Dad.
Scene changes to the bus stop where Gumball, Darwin and Anais are running to find Richard.
Darwin says: "Where is he, Mom must be on her way right now!"
Camera zooms to Darwin.
Darwin says: "We're gonna get our butts kicked!"
Scene changes to a street which is in ruins due to Richard's driving.
Gumball says: "Yeah, who would thought the anesthetic would made him a better driver?"
Anais points and gasps; Scene changes to Marvin who seemed to be ran over by Richard's driving.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh, Marvin!"
Gumball says: "What has Dad done?"
Marvin wakes up.
Marvin says: "Ahh, please help me up, I was trying to do sit-ups but I'm too old."
The trio breathe a sigh of relief and runs off.
Marvin says: "Hey, what about me?"
Darwin comes back.
Darwin says: "Uhh ya, you can do it if you believe in yourself and don't forget to stretch when you are finished."
Marvin faints again; the trio sees tire tracks on a roof of a house and runs to the backyard.
Gumball says: "Well, looks like the anesthetic improved his parking too."
Camera zooms out showing their car in a swimming pool.
Anais says: "This is not funny, we need to find him before something terrible happens."
Darwin says: "LOOK, DAD'S PANTS!"
Scene changes to candy wonderland where Richard is chasing a tasty burger.
Burger says: "You want to catch me if you want to eat me!"
Richard says: "Ohhh, you little teasing bundle of fatness."
Richard grabs the burger and starts nibbling it; Three condiments appears and keep saying "sauce".
Richard says: "No thank you, he's delicious just the way he is."
Scene changes back to reality; Richard is actually nibbling Rocky and the condiments are actually Gumball, Darwin and Anais.
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Rocky says: "Dude stop, its not funny anymore, its just weird!"
Rocky breaks free but Richard still continues to chase him; scene changes to Nicole driving back home.
Radio says: "Radio Elmore, news flash, we are receiving reports of a fat, pant-less, pink middle-age man-bunny causing disturbance in the city of Elmore."
Radio says: "He's reported to have attacked and nibbled several bystanders, one extremely—"
Radio starts fading and Nicole bends down to tune it; Richard and Rocky are seen running past the car.
Nicole says: "Come on."
Rocky and Richard run past the car; Nicole gets up but did not see Rocky or Richard.
Radio says: "And now the weather."
Radio says: "Diane?"
The Plan.
Scene changes back to the trio, tired from chasing Richard.
Darwin says: "Did you see that?"
Darwin says: "It was Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom's car!"
Anais says: "Right!"
Anais says: "We've got to split up!"
Anais says: "Gumball, you sort out the house."
Anais says: "Darwin, you try and delay Mom."
Anais says: "I'll take care of Dad!"
Anais says: "Go!"
Gumball and Darwin start running.
Anais says: "And no flaking out!"
Darwin picks up a can of white paint and draws lines all over a carpark; Camera shows Nicole driving her car into the carpark.
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole drives into a "dead end".
Nicole backtracks and drives off; Scene changes to Anais riding on Richard, throwing peanuts to guide Richard; Anais notices Nicole's car as she drives toward them.
Anais says: "Oh no."
Anais says: "COME ON!!"
Richard leaps, and starts running through the neighborhood fences while Anais screams all the way; Scene changes to the Wattersons' kitchen where Gumball tries to fix the kitchen by gluing a book on the burned counter; Scene changes to Darwin wearing sunglasses in a telephone booth.
Darwin says: "Uh hey, I'd like to report a stolen yellow family wagon."
Scene changes to the Donut Cop arresting Nicole.
Nicole says: "I didn't do anything, you've got to believe me."
Donut Sheriff says: "We'll see about that, lady."
Donut Sheriff says: "Let's just see those papers first."
The Donut Cop takes a license out of Nicole's pocket; Darwin appears at the back of the police car and takes a wheel clamp out of the trunk; Scene changes to Anais and Richard, who is still ramming through fences while Anais throws peanuts in front of him; Scene changes to Miss Simian using a lawnmower and Principal Brown reading a book; Richard bumps into Miss Simian, causing her to accidentally shave off Principal Brown's fur, and then Brown covers his exposed body; Scene changes to the Wattersons' kitchen where Gumball sweeps up the broken plates, grinds them using the blender then pours the remains into an empty pack of sugar; Scene changes back to Anais and Richard ramming through fences again, but then Richard hits a female garden gnome, causing the male garden gnome beside her to shed a tear; Scene changes back to the Wattersons' kitchen where Gumball pushes all the remaining junk down the hole in the fridge, and then he nails the fridge doors; Scene changes to Nicole as she drives her car with a clamp on one of the wheels; Scene changes to Anais and Richard ramming through several fences again, and then shows the Wattersons' bathroom as Gumball tapes a sheet of paper on the broken mirror and tries to draw the bathroom and an angry Nicole; Scene changes back to Nicole driving then camera changes to Darwin running across the street and into the house, then camera changes to show Anais and Richard entering the house via the back door; everybody sits on the couch just as Nicole slams open the front door.
Gumball says: "He's here."
Anais says: "Mom, they're all done."
Darwin says: "Everything is fine, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Nicole says: "Oh, well, I guess I'm sorry for doubting you kids."
Richard's anesthetics wear off.
Richard says: "Ohhhh, ah, I had the weirdest dream, Darwin burned the kitchen, Gumball smashed the computer, I'm pretty sure I drove the car into the swimming pool, and at some point I remember nibbling a couple of people."
Nicole looks angrily at the kids.
Gumball says: "Flaker."
Darwin says: "Flaker."
Anais says: "Flaker."
Episode ends.