Going to School.
The episode begins with Nicole and her kids speeding along a highway. In the car, the kids are trying to perform their morning chores; Gumball trying to apply toothpaste on his toothbrush; Anais trying to pour a cup of orange juice; Darwin trying to pour cereal into a bowl. Finally, they manage it.
Gumball says: "Ah."
Darwin says: "Ah."
Anais says: "Ah."
Anais says: "That's better."
Nicole's car then stops hurriedly, causing their food to splatter the windshield. It is then shown in a traffic jam.
Nicole says: "Come on, we're going to be late."
Nicole gets out of the car begins jumping car over car to hurry her kids to school.
Nicole shows her fiery eyes at him, causing him to break into a little tune and afterwards cry.
Nicole says: "We need a shortcut."
The next scene shows the bank area, with police outside waiting for an expected thief.
Donut Sheriff says: "Put your hands on your head and come out of the building!"
Someone tries to open the bank doors, however it would not budge.
Donut Sheriff says: "Sorry, I meant: come out of the building and put your hands on your head!"
Nicole says: "Get out of my way, we're late for school!"
The bank entrance explodes, with Nicole rushing by at break-neck speed. Nicole brings the bank robbers to the police.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, Mrs."
Donut Sheriff says: "Watterson, what about the-  Money..."
The kids reach the school right as the bell rings.
Nicole says: "Have a nice day!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Anais says: "We traveled faster than speed of sound, give it a second."
Nicole says: "Have a nice day!"
Anais says: "There you go."
Gumball says: "Heh, thanks, Mom."
The kids stumble up the stairs, as if they twisted their legs.
Strange Encounter.
Behind her, stands a tall and slim figure. It greets Nicole.
Yuki says: "Hello, Nicole."
Yuki says: "I've waited a long time for this."
Nicole focuses on the slim object.
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, I really can't see you."
Nicole says: "Could you just, take a step forward?"
The slim object sighs and takes a step forward, revealing herself.
Nicole says: "Yuki?"
Yuki says: "Yes, Nicole, I have returned."
Yuki says: "TO FIGHT!"
Gumball says: "Ok, everybody leave or cover your eyes!"
Gumball says: "This scene is gonna be rated "R" for abundance of outrageous gore!"
Students walk away or enter the building; The kids watch behind the school door; Nicole walks towards Yuki.
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, Yuki, you win."
Nicole says: "I don't want any trouble."
Nicole offers her right hand in goodwill, which Yuki slaps away.
Yuki says: "You're not half the person I used to know."
Yuki says: "Your butt, on the other hand, is twice the size!"
Nicole sticks her bottom out and stares.
Anais says: "O-M-G."
Anais says: "She just called mom fat."
The three cover each others eyes; Nicole takes a deep breath in.
Nicole says: "It was nice seeing you, Yuki."
Nicole walks away.
Yuki says: "COWARD!"
Yuki says: "Where is your honor?!"
Yuki says: "!"
Yuki says: "FIGHT ME!"
Yuki says: "FIGHT ME!"
Gumball says: "What the actual what?"
School bell rings.
Darwin says: "I can't believe Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom just walked away!"
Gumball says: "Maybe she walked to that woman's house and ate her pets!"
Anais says: "No, that was weird."
Anais says: "She looked like she'd seen a ghost."
Anais says: "Maybe Mom is..."
Anais says: "afraid."
Gumball says: "Hm, weird."
Gumball says: "I never thought I would hear the word "mom" and "afraid" in the same sentence."
Darwin says: "Unless, the sentence was "I'm really afraid of your Mom."
Anais says: "Or, "You should be afraid of our Mom."
Gumball says: "Or, "The test results just came back, I'm afraid your Mom isn't 90% water, she's 90% anger."
Gumball says: ""  Uh, so what happened?"
Nicole says: "Oh, it was nothing."
Nicole says: "Just an old-school friend."
Cut to a view outside the car, which is damaged; the word "COWARD" is spraypainted across the side of the car.
Gumball says: "I meant, what happened to the car?"
Nicole says: "Oh, that?"
Nicole flashbacks, showing Yuki repeatedly smashing various parts of Nicole's car.
Yuki says: "FIGHT ME!"
Yuki says: "COWARD!"
Yuki says: "FIGHT ME!"
End flashback.
Nicole says: "Oh, it's just a scratch."
Nicole says: "Seatbelts, please."
The kids buckle themselves in.
Nicole says: "Here we go."
Due to the damage Yuki has made, the car moves slowly. Scene changes to the shopping district supermarket. Nicole sighs; Richard tries to cheer Nicole up by putting various vegetables all over his head.
Richard says: "Nicole?"
Richard says: "It goes really well with my eyes."
The whole family laughs.
Richard says: "Come on, you."
Richard says: "What's wrong?"
Nicole says: "Nothing."
Richard says: "Good, you keep smiling, or I'll have to use my secret weapon."
Nicole says: "What's that?"
Richard says: "Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt-butt!"
Richard says: "Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt-butt!"
The whole family laughs but then Yuki shows up.
Yuki says: "What is so funny?"
Richard says: "Yuki Yoshida!"
Yuki says: "Hello, Richard."
Yuki says: "You look more handsome then ever."
Yuki says: "What's your secret?"
Richard says: "Uh, I got old and fatt..."
Richard says: "er."
Yuki says: "What's a man like you, doing with a woman like her?"
Richard says: "Shh!"
Richard says: "I don't think she knows she could do better."
Nicole growls.
Richard tries to escape from Yuki but kicks her legs up stopping him.
Yuki says: "Somebody pinch me, I must be dreaming."
Yuki says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Oh, sorry, I thought you said "punch," not "pinch."
Nicole says: "There is no point, Yuki."
Nicole says: "I refuse to fight you."
Yuki says: "What kind of woman would do nothing in the face of such dishonor?!"
Yuki says: "!"
Masami says: "Mom?"
Masami says: "Can we go, please?"
Yuki scoffs and walks away. She then flips a shopping cart.
Alison says: "That was mine!"
Alison says: "Never mind."
Scene changes to the Rainbow Factory, where Nicole is about to go to her desk but Yuki is already there.
Yuki says: "My husband owns this factory, so this is my spot now."
Yuki says: "Yours is over there."
Nicole goes to the small desk and sighs. Yuki then starts taunting Nicole at work. Yuki ruins her lunch and coffee breaks. Nicole goes to her locker and sees gum when she's trying to open it.
Nicole says: "To be honest, compared to the rest of the stuff you've been doing, this is pretty tame."
Nicole says: "Ugh!"
Nicole runs to the elevator but Yuki closes it. Nicole is about to take the stairs but Yuki opens the elevator. Nicole runs to it again but Yuki closes it. It opens again and Nicole goes in but Yuki presses all the buttons.
Nicole walks home. In front of the house, the word "COWARD" is spelled out with fire. Nicole enters the house and body slams herself on the sofa. The kids look at her and back at each other, with pity. Scene changes to school as the bell rings.
Backstory.
Gumball and Darwin stammer as they try to come up with something to say; they then look to Anais.
Anais says: "Sorry, guys."
Anais says: "I don't know what's going on with Mom and this woman, either."
Masami appears behind them.
Masami says: "I do."
They all look at Masami.
Masami says: "They have history."
Masami says: "Once upon a time, Nicole and my mother were friends, studying Karate under my grandfather."
Masami says: "Separately, they were strong, but together, there was nothing they could not do."
Masami says: "Until the Elmore Kumite, a ruthless martial arts tournament, Nicole was mother's kohai, her protégé."
Masami says: "But as the tournament progressed, they had to face each other in the final fight."
Masami says: "My mother should have won easily, but your mother's fighting spirit allowed her to triumph."
Masami says: "Dishonored before her sensei, my mother left America in shame."
Masami says: "Nicole gave up the way of the Bushido out of sadness for losing her friend."
Masami says: "Back in Japan, my mother trained all these years for her next fight, and now she's back to regain her honor."
Gumball says: "But mother will not accept this fight."
Darwin says: "Her heart is too pure to hurt a friend."
Gumball says: "Her soul is too noble."
Anais says: "Can you stop that, please?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Anais says: "They're right, though."
Anais says: "Mom won't fight a friend."
Masami says: "She may not have a choice."
Back at the Wattersons' house, Nicole reads a note, crumples it up and throws it on the floor. She then heads towards the door.
Nicole says: "Your mother has to take care of some unfinished business."
Nicole says: "Don't follow me."
Nicole says: "It's too dangerous."
Nicole says: "There's leftover ham in the fridge and some tater tots in the oven."
Nicole says: "Do not microwave them."
Nicole says: "They'll go soggy!"
Anais says: "Yuki threatened to get Mom fired and lose the house unless she fights!"
Anais says: "We've got to stop them!"
Anime-Styled Fight.
Scene changes to the gym; Yuki is on the floor and Nicole comes in. Nicole and Yuki start to fight in an anime-styled battle. Masami is already there while the kids enter.
Masami says: "What took you guys so long?"
Darwin says: "Takes ages..."
Darwin says: "to get anywhere..."
Darwin says: "on these legs."
Gumball says: "Are you also here to stop the fight?"
Masami says: "Yeah, but then I realized I'd probably get annihilated trying."
Masami says: "So..."
Nicole and Yuki still fighting.
Yuki says: "You fought well, Nicole-san, but I've been training my whole life for this moment."
Yuki says: "Let me show you what I've learned."
Yuki attacks Nicole with an energy blast.
Yuki says: "Yah!"
Yuki says: "Impossible!"
Yuki says: "How!"
Yuki says: "?"
Nicole says: "I have been through the most grueling training on the planet."
Yuki says: "Which school taught you?"
Yuki says: "Was it Hokuto?"
Yuki says: "Was it Konoha?"
Yuki says: "Or was it..."
Yuki says: "Mr."
Yuki says: "Miyagi?"
Nicole says: "No, it was the school of life."
Nicole says: "I have raised three kids and one husband."
Yuki fights back as the kids watch them; Nicole manages to beat Yuki as she falls to the ground; Nicole stares at her and Yuki gets scared; Nicole reaches her hand out.
Nicole says: "Let's just be friends."
Yuki says: "I don't need your pity!"
Nicole dodges Yuki's energy blast causing the roof to collapse on the kids; They all scream, while Yuki and Nicole run to them.
Nicole says: "Kids!"
Nicole says: "It's gonna collapse!"
Nicole says: "Aah!"
Yuki says: "I can't do it!"
Nicole says: "But, together, we can!"
Both says: "Hyah!"
They both grab the kids and run out of the gym.
Nicole says: "Come on!"
They're all out of the gym and the kids make horrified faces.
Reconcile.
Yuki says: "I'm sorry, Nicole."
Yuki says: "I was just..."
Yuki says: "jealous."
Nicole says: "Well, you shouldn't be."
Nicole says: "You always had the best hair and house and car and butler and ponies and pony butlers."
Yuki says: "I can't believe I tried to annihilate you."
Nicole says: "I tried to annihilate you first."
Nicole says: "Don't worry about it."
Nicole and Yuki hug while sobbing.
Nicole says: "I missed you!"
Yuki says: "I missed you, too!"
They wipe away their tears.
Yuki says: "Come on, guys."
Nicole says: "Let's go home."
The kids gasp and get scared.
Yuki says: "Oh, please!"
Yuki says: "It was just a little argument between friends."
Nicole says: "Yeah, no harm done."
Nicole and Yuki take their kids and hop home.
Episode ends.