Troubles Begin.
The episode starts with Gumball on the couch watching television in his underwear, while Nicole is folding laundry by the front door.
Nicole says: "Gumball, don't forget to take that DVD back today, or we'll get a fine."
Gumball says: "Can't you do it?"
Gumball says: "You're the one with the car."
Nicole says: "I wasn't the one who watched Alligators on a Train seventy-two times."
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "But technically, you rented it with your money."
Nicole says: "The money I have to go and earn to feed you kids!"
Gumball says: "The kids you decided to have."
Nicole punches a hole in the door.
Gumball says: "Yep!"
Gumball says: "No problem, Mom, I'll take it back!"
Nicole says: "Oh, very kind of you, honey."
Nicole says: "And don't forget to put on some pants."
Nicole says: "Bye-bye."
Gumball walks into the kitchen, where Darwin is cutting a pizza using a DVD.
Gumball says: "Darwin, have you seen that DVD anywhere?"
Gumball says: "I—"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm using the pizza cutter."
Gumball says: "That's not the pizza cutter!"
Gumball says: "That's the DVD!"
Gumball says: "Oh, gimme that!"
Gumball says: "The slightest scratch, and they're ruined..."
Gumball says: "forever!"
Darwin says: "Uh, Gumball..."
Gumball says: "Ap-ap-ap."
Gumball says: "I am fed up with your carelessness, Darwin."
Gumball says: "This disc utilizes laser technology."
Gumball says: "You have to treat it with respect."
Darwin says: "You're using the wrong side of the scrubby sponge."
Gumball screams, accidentally throwing the DVD into the garbage disposal and grinding it up.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Nooo!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Face the consequences of our actions and tell Mom?"
Gumball says: "Don't be silly."
Gumball says: "I've got a much better idea."
Cardboard Scene.
In front of Laser Video, Gumball puts a cardboard replica of the disc into the DVD case.
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "You can make anything with cardboard, and no one will notice the difference."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "It looks kind of obvious."
Gumball says: "Man, you say that, but I lost my trousers three weeks ago, and still, no one's noticed."
Darwin says: "Everyone's noticed that walk, though."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "You look like you went to the bathroom in a spacesuit."
Urgent Mail.
At the Wattersons' house, Gumball is lying on the couch watching TV. Darwin runs in with an envelope.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "It's a letter from Laser Video!"
Gumball says: "Ah, so what?"
Gumball says: "Put it with the others."
A small pile of letters is shown beside the couch.
Darwin says: "No, this one's red!"
Darwin says: "It means urgent!"
Gumball says: "Red envelope or red writing?"
Darwin says: "Red writing on red envelope."
Darwin says: "It's really hard to read actually."
Darwin says: "It says we have to pay twenty-five dollars for the DVD!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Face the consequences of our actions and tell Mom?"
Gumball says: "No, no, no, no, no."
Gumball says: "Just give me a little time to think."
On the Streets.
Outside a convenience store, Gumball and Darwin are shown begging for money using an old hat.
Darwin says: "It took you two days to think of this?"
Gumball says: "Less complaining, more begging."
Gumball says: "How much have we got anyway?"
Darwin says: "Like three dollars?"
Gumball says: "Great."
Gumball says: "Twenty-two more, and we can pay for the DVD."
Gumball says: "Now pinch me."
Gumball says: "We get more when it looks like I'm crying."
Darwin pinches his arm, causing him to tear up.
Hobo says: "The reason you guys are on the streets is to pay a DVD fine?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I know."
Gumball says: "It's crazy, right?"
Gumball says: "People don't understand how hard our life is."
The hobo reaches down, switching his empty hat with theirs.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
When Gumball tries to take their money back, the hobo starts grunting. Every time his hand moves towards the hat, the hobo growls. Darwin starts to beatbox, and the hobo grunts along to the rhythm. Gary passes by and drops money into the boys' hat.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
The hobo swipes the money and walks into the store.
Gumball says: "But..."
Darwin says: "That guy stole our cash!"
Gumball says: "Well, Darwin, sometimes in life, you have to realize that there are less fortunate people than ourselves."
Gumball says: "He needs that money more than we do."
Hobo says: "Woo-hoo!"
Hobo says: "I won!"
Hobo says: "I spent your money on a scratch card, and now, I'm a millionaire!"
Gumball says: "That's great!"
Gumball says: "So, can we have our four dollars back?"
Hobo says: "Oh, uh, s-sorry, guys."
Hobo says: "I-I don't have any, any change."
Job Hunting.
Back at the house, Darwin checks the answering machine.
Machine says: "You have eight new messages."
Larry says: "Ha, ha, I knew you were trying to skip my messages."
Darwin says: "Gumball, I think we need to get a job."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Can you cook?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Can you drive?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Can you speak Chinese?"
Translation I don't really know how to speak Chinese because it is really hard to speak it and I only know a little Chinese, so I can't say I﻿ speak it.
The subtitles say "No.".
Gumball says: "Can you provide inspirational leadership to a core team of thirty people, covering both national or international markets?"
Darwin says: "Mmm, no."
Gumball says: "Wait, how about this one?"
Gumball says: ""Looking for a person with no skills or training to serve as a scientific subject for the cosmetics industry."
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "It means they'll put makeup on us and see if it looks nice."
Darwin says: "Kind of like modeling?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "I've always thought I'd make a good model."
Gumball says: "What makes you think that?"
Darwin says: "My cheekbones."
Gumball says: "There are bones in there?"
Gumball pushes his hand into Darwin's cheek.
Gumball says: "Oh, huh."
Gumball says: "There are."
On the Job With a Makeup Mishap.
Cut to the cosmetics building, Gumball and Darwin answer questions from Martha.
Martha says: "Are you boys eighteen?"
Gumball says: "Uh, does it count if I've been both eight and ten?"
Martha says: "I suppose so."
Martha says: "Now step into the makeup booth."
Voice says: "Please relax."
Voice says: "Look into the red dot and pout."
As the machine applies the makeup, Gumball screams and falls, while Darwin stands perfectly.
Darwin says: "What happened to you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "How come you look so good?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "Maybe it has something to do with my..."
Darwin says: "perfect skin."
Gumball says: "I think I'm gonna get this off."
Gumball says: "What happened?"
Gumball says: "Why am I looking at the floor?"
Martha says: "Okay, boys."
Martha says: "So how did the tests go?"
Martha says: "AAH—"
Mom Senses Tingling.
Cuts back to the Wattersons' house.
Gumball says: "I can't believe she only gave us five bucks."
Gumball says: "It cost more than that to get home on the bus."
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Oh, man!"
Gumball says: "More letters from Laser Video!"
Gumball says: "Oh, we are in so much trouble."
Gumball says: "We have to hide these before mom gets home."
The phone suddenly rings, and Gumball goes to answer it.
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Nicole says: "Honey, are you in trouble?"
Nicole says: "Because my mother senses are tingling."
Nicole says: "I can smell trouble."
Gumball says: "Trouble?"
Gumball says: "No, we're fine."
Gumball says: "Absolutely fine."
Gumball says: "No trouble here, bye."
Nicole says: "Are you lying?"
Gumball says: "Oh, no, of course not."
Nicole says: "Right."
Nicole says: "You're lying."
Nicole says: "I'm coming home now."
Gumball says: "Mom's on her way home."
Gumball says: "Now."
Darwin says: "What should we do?"
Darwin says: "Should we tell the truth and face the consequences of our actions?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "What is it with you with and trying to be honest all the time?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We need a copy of Alligators on a Train."
Gumball says: "I know."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna download it."
Darwin says: "GUMBALL!"
Darwin says: "You wouldn't steal a car!"
Darwin says: "You wouldn't steal a woman's purse!"
Darwin says: "You wouldn't steal a cell phone!"
Darwin says: "PIRACY IS STEALING!"
Gumball says: "I know."
Gumball says: "I'm..."
Gumball says: "I'm so sorry."
Darwin says: "Anyway, I got a better idea."
Gumball says: "Is it stupid, desperate, and very unlikely to get us out of this mess?"
Darwin says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Is it humiliating?"
Darwin says: "If we get it wrong."
Gumball says: "Are we likely to get it wrong?"
Darwin says: "Possibly."
Gumball says: "In the time it's taking me to ask you these questions, could you have just told me what it is?"
Darwin says: "Definitely."
Gumball says: "Should we get on with it then?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, we better."
Chase Scene.
Cuts to the front of the house, where Nicole's car pulls up. Nicole walks towards the house, but stops after passing the mailbox, sniffing the air like a dog picking up a trail. The trail leads her to the mailbox, which dumps letters at her feet as she opens it. She picks one up and reads it.
Nicole says: "I knew it."
Nicole says: "You are in so much trouble!"
Gumball and Darwin are in their bedroom putting a DVD into the Laser Video case when they hear Nicole.
Gumball says: "We need to get to Laser Video before Mom kicks our butt!"
Nicole says: "What did you do this time?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball gasps.
Nicole says: "Stop right there!"
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Nicole says: "Where do you think you're going?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Don't you dare run away from your mother!"
Gumball and Darwin run through a yard, knocking over an umbrella, a table, and a lawn recliner. Nicole vaults up the umbrella, leaps off it, grinds across the table edge on the grill cover, flips through the air, slides down the chair, and lands perfectly on her feet.
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
Darwin says: "Whoa!"
Gumball and Darwin run through the Fitzgeralds' backyard, crossing the pool by jumping on Patrick and his inflatable raft. Nicole crosses by jumping off Judith's head. Gumball and Darwin then land on a trampoline in another yard, with Nicole coming right down at them.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin bounce away, taking the trampoline with them. Nicole faceplants into the dirt.
Gumball says: "Mom, are you okay?"
Nicole says: "You're in so much trouble."
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Nicole says: "You're in so much trouble!"
The boys scream, then resume running. They jump over another fence, only to find themselves confronted by an angry dog on a leash. They edge around the fence, but Gumball notices the stake holding the dog's rope coming loose.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball and Darwin escape through a loose plank on the other side of the fence, as the pursuing dog smacks into it, and keeps barking. Nicole enters the yard from the other side, and the dog turns its attention to her. The boys stop running when they hear Nicole scream.
Darwin says: "Gumball, we have to help Mom!"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "I mean, m-maybe she'll be all right?"
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "There's a monstrous creature attacking our mother!"
Darwin says: "We need to face the consequences of our actions and help her out!"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "I'm—"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "Why has it gone quiet?"
After a long pause, Nicole bursts through the fence, riding the dog.
Gumball says: "Aa-a-ah!"
Darwin says: "Aa-a-ah!"
They crash through several fences.
Nicole says: "Stop right now!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin stop, separating just as Nicole and the dog rocket between them, leaving a long line of fence holes in their wake until they collide with a brick wall. Gumball and Darwin look at each other for a moment, then run off.
Sometimes You Just Have to Run.
Scene cuts to Laser Video. Gumball and Darwin race inside.
Gumball says: "Stop the letters!"
Gumball says: "Stop the letters!"
Larry says: "Ah..."
Larry says: "the Wattersons."
Larry says: "It's about time you showed up."
Larry says: "I assume you have my money?"
Gumball says: "Better than that, Larry."
Gumball says: "We got the DVD."
Larry says: "I hope you don't mind if I make sure it's real."
Larry says: "Last time, it was a piece of cardboard."
Gumball says: "Heh, go for it."
Gumball and Darwin wink at each other. Larry loads the DVD into a DVD player. The screen cuts through to a homemade version of the movie. Darwin's hands are seen holding a cardboard sign with "Alligators on a Train" written in crayon.
Gumball says: "Alligators on a Train."
Darwin says: "Alligators on a Train."
The movie cuts to Darwin, wearing a fake mustache, standing in front of a cardboard alligator and a cardboard train backdrop. The backyard fence is visible through the train windows.
Darwin says: "Oh, no!"
Darwin says: "There's alligators on this train!"
Darwin says: "Thank goodness we got all the alligators off this train."
The scene then changes to the backyard, where the sun is setting. Gumball and Darwin are standing with their backs to the camera, their arms hugging themselves.
The movie then shows a list of credits, almost all of which are credited to either Gumball, Darwin, or "cardboard".
Gumball says: "Doo-doo-doo."
Darwin says: "Doo-doo-doo."
Gumball says: "Alligators off this train."
Darwin says: "Alligators off this train."
Gumball says: "Alligators on a train!"
Darwin says: "Alligators on a train!"
The film ends.
Larry says: "This had better be a joke."
Gumball says: "Aw, man, what gave it away?"
Larry says: "Dude, it's five seconds long, and every name in the credits is one of you two."
Darwin says: "I told you we should have put some other people on the credits."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "And let them have all the glory?"
Larry says: "Well, there's no way I can accept this."
Larry says: "You need to give me the real DVD now!"
Gumball says: "We can't!"
Darwin says: "We can't!"
Gumball says: "We used it to cut a pizza, and then we scratched it with the wrong side of the scrubby sponge, and then we threw it in the waste disposal!"
Darwin says: "We used it to cut a pizza, and then we scratched it with the wrong side of the scrubby sponge, and then we threw it in the waste disposal!"
Gumball says: "Please don't tell our mom!"
Darwin says: "Please don't tell our mom!"
Nicole says: "I already know."
Gumball and Darwin scream.
Nicole says: "How much is the DVD, Larry?"
Larry says: "Twenty-five dollars."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "You made me leave work and chase you through the neighborhood on a dog for twenty-five dollars?"
Gumball says: "But..."
Gumball says: "But we were scared to tell you."
Nicole says: "Oh, silly..."
Nicole says: "There's nothing you can do that will ever stop me loving you."
Nicole says: "Come here."
Nicole says: "Now, let me pay for that."
Gumball says: "See, Darwin, you should always tell the truth and face the consequences of your actions."
Darwin looks surprised, then punches Gumball in the arm.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Nicole says: "Come on."
Nicole says: "Let's go home, you little troublemakers."
Larry says: "Uh, just a minute."
Larry says: "There's also the lateness fee."
Nicole says: "Oh, yes, of course."
Nicole says: "How much is it, please?"
Larry says: "Let me see."
Larry says: "Three months and three days late."
Larry says: "That will be seven-hundred dollars."
Nicole's eyes widen in surprise.
Nicole says: "RUN!"
Larry says: "Hey, hey, HEY!"
The episode ends with a freeze-frame of Nicole, Gumball, and Darwin running away from Larry.