Today's Gonna Be a Wonderful Day!
The episode begins at the Wattersons' house hallway, morning, Anais, Nicole, Darwin, and Richard are lined up waiting at the bathroom door; Anais yanks Nicole's bathrobe.
Nicole says: "Anais, for the last time, we just can't afford it."
Anais says: "But why?"
Nicole says: "Richard, tell your daughter why we can't go to Daisyland."
Richard says: "We're going to Daisyland?!"
Richard says: "!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Richard says: "But why?"
Nicole says: "Because money doesn't grow on trees, and Daisyland tickets don't just fall from the sky."
Darwin says: "But you always say that if you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything."
Anais says: "Dad, what are you doing?"
Richard says: "I'm getting tickets using the power of my mind."
Anais says: "That's not gonna—"
Richard says: "Shh!"
Darwin does the same thing as Richard.
Anais says: "I hate to break it to you guys, but it's not gonna happen, the world doesn't work like that."
Nicole says: "Gumball Watterson!"
Nicole says: "Get out of this bathroom!"
The scene cuts to the bathroom, Gumball is in the shower.
Gumball says: "Today's gonna be a wonderful day, because I got in the shower first!"
Gumball says: "La la la la la la la la la la—"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball pushes the tiling, causing a clunk, he then looks right at the shower head, which then shoots out a water jet.
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Gumball slips on the soap bar in the shower, rips the shower curtain off, falls out of the tub, and lands in the toilet. The bar of soap then flies off and pushes the toilet's handle, causing Gumball to get flushed down.
Later, Gumball pushes the cover of a manhole off, and gets out in the middle of the road, covered in sewage.
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhh..."
The school bus goes up.
Darwin says: "Hey, wait for us!"
Anais says: "Hey, wait for us!"
Anais says: "Wait for us!"
Gumball says: "Wait for me—"
Gumball jumps up, but gets his finger stuck in bus door.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
The bus goes off, dragging Gumball with it.
Gumball says: "Uh, Rocky?"
Gumball says: "ROCKYY!!"
At School.
The scene then cuts to the outside of the school. The bus passes by, still dragging Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball hits a pole, and his arm stretches, then the finger finally comes out of the door, but Gumball's arm swings back and hits him in the face.
Gumball says: "Aghh."
In the school hallways, Darwin is still straining with his hands on his head.
Anais says: "Darwin, stop it already, it's getting embarrassing."
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "How's it going?"
Gumball says: "Ah, it's great..."
Gumball says: "EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT THIS IS STARTING OUT TO BE THE WORST DAY OF MY LIFE!"
Gumball says: "It's like I'm cursed or something."
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson!"
Nigel Brown says: "This school has a dress code."
Nigel Brown says: "These rags are obscene!"
Nigel Brown says: "Get to the Lost and Found, they'll provide you with something more suitable."
Gumball says: "But Principal Brown—"
Nigel Brown says: "Uhp!"
Gumball sighs.
The Lost and Found.
Rocky says: "There you go, much better."
Gumball says: "You've gotta be kidding me."
Rocky says: "I'm sorry, dude, but this isn't the department store you know."
Gumball says: "Ugh, Rocky, there's gotta be something else."
Gumball says: "Ughhh!"
In the school hallways, some students are talking. As Gumball walks through, all the students look at him. Tobias drops his books and gasps.
Banana Joe says: "Eh, some people think I'm a fruit, but I'm also classified as a herb."
Idaho gasps.
Banana Joe says: "What?"
Gumball walks in; Banana Joe and Idaho laugh at him.
Banana Joe says: "Where did you get your clothes, the Lost and Found?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "Hahaha!"
Gumball says: "Well, actually, yes, I did."
Banana Joe says: "Ohh, where did you get your clothes, the circus?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "Haha!"
Gumball says: "Dude, we kinda just went over this already."
Gumball says: "Lost and Found."
Banana Joe says: "Where did you get your clothes, the swim shop and the hat shop?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "Hahaha!"
Banana Joe and Idaho walk away; Gumball smiles nervously at Principal Brown.
Nigel Brown says: "Seven hours detention, for hurting my feelings."
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "But—"
Nigel Brown says: "I'll see you after school."
Gumball says: "FINE!"
Gumball says: "OW, PAPERCUT!"
Principal Brown reenters the room. Gumball starts crying soon afterwards.
Darwin says: "Uh, Gumball, are you okay?"
Gumball says: "Everything's great, Darwin,  everything's just peachy."
Darwin says: "Oh, okay!"
Gumball says: "DARWIN, don't take everything I say so literally!"
Darwin says: "Okaaay, what about what you just said now, should I take that literally?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I don't knowohohohoh..."
Darwin says: "Talk to me."
Gumball says: "I think I'm cursed."
Darwin says: "Hmm, then what you need is a good luck charm."
Anais says: "Guys, there are no such things as lucky charms, curses, or tickets falling from the sky, there must be a scientific explanation for what's happening to Gumball, like there is for everything!"
Darwin says: "Oh yeah?"
Darwin says: "How does your science explain the magic of rainbows then, huh?"
Anais says: "Diffraction of light through moisture in the atmosphere."
Darwin says: "It's a sad world you live in."
Darwin says: "Come on, Gumball."
At the School Field.
Gumball and Darwin are looking for lucky clovers.
Gumball says: "Darwin, how will I know if it's a four-leaf clover?"
Darwin says: "Simple!"
Darwin says: "They've got four leaves and are extremely rare."
Gumball says: "Rare?"
Darwin says: "They're one in a million!"
Darwin says: "Rarer then the rarest—"
Darwin says: "Found one!"
Clover says: "Top of the morning to ya!"
Gumball says: "Oooooo!"
Darwin says: "Oooooo!"
Darwin hands Gumball the clover.
Gumball says: "I can already feel my luck changing."
Lunchtime.
Gumball walks over and sits at the table Anais is at.
Gumball says: "I'm ready to take your advice now."
Anais says: "I knew you'd come around eventually."
Gumball says: "Now please help me, WHAT'S THE SCIENTIFIC EXPLANATION FOR ALL OF THIS?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "Oh, there's no explanation, what's been happening is just a coincidental series of unfortunate events."
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Look, I'm just going to have to show you."
At the Gym.
Anais has set up a ladder, a mirror, and an umbrella.
Anais says: "Ok, opening an umbrella indoors, breaking a mirror, and walking under a ladder are all considered to bring extremely bad luck."
Anais says: "Ha, nonsense, and to prove it, you're going to perform all three tasks at the same time!"
Gumball says: "You sure about this?"
Anais says: "Mathematically, the chance of anything else happening to you, is miniscule."
Gumball says: "Ohhkay!"
Gumball says: "Here it goes!"
Gumball grabs the umbrella, hits the mirror and breaks it, opening the umbrella, then runs under the ladder.
Gumball says: "Wow, I guess you were right!"
A storm cloud appears over Gumball and thundershocks him, turning him into a pile of ashes, and dissappears.
Anais says: "I guess logic and reason just went down the drain."
Darwin says: "Hey guys, guys!"
Darwin says: "I've been thinking scientifically, and I think I've figured it out!"
Darwin says: "Yesterday evening, Gumball and I were setting the table for dinner..."
A flashback plays showing the house's dining area, Gumball and Darwin walk up to the table with plates, glasses, and silverware, and a vase. Gumball slips on a rollerskate, and all the dinnerware falls on the table without a scratch, then Darwin places a flower in the vase.
Gumball says: "Wow."
Darwin says: "Wow."
Back to present time.
Darwin says: "It was probably the luckiest thing I've ever seen."
Darwin says: "So, according to my findings, Gumball used up all his good luck in one day, and that's why today, he is left with nothing but bad luck!"
Anais says: "That doesn't make sense, but it's the best we got."
Anais says: "So the logical conclusion to your nonsensical theory, is that if he can survive today, everything should be normal by tomorrow!"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Detention.
Gumball sits down, smiling.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No, don't leave me!"
Nigel Brown says: "You're staying right there because you're in detention!"
Gumball says: "No, you don't understand!"
Gumball says: "I'm in great danger!"
Nigel Brown says: "You're in great danger of getting another three hours detention!"
Gumball says: "Principal Brown, please!"
The slam makes the ceiling light fall down, hitting the pencil holder, which makes the pencils shoot out, Gumball ducks, and the pencils hit the class photo, in a circle around Gumball's head, Gumball whimpers in fear. A pencil falls down, hitting the button on a control, which makes the fan next to Gumball's seat start blowing, knocking the books on the windowsill, hitting a globe, causing it to fall over, hitting a vase, which then pours water onto an electrical socket, the electrical socket short circuits, and causes a burst of smoke, knocking the broken pieces of the socket plate to hit the radiator, filling the room with steam.
Gumball says: "Ok, I think I might go and do nothing somewhere else!"
School hallways, seconds later. Principal Brown is playing a portable game console.
Nigel Brown says: "I'm so glad I confiscated this."
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson!"
The room explodes, Gumball falls into a janitor's cart, which is then bursted forward. Gumball pops his head out of the water in the cart, and spits out water.
Gumball says: "Come on, bad luck, let's get this over with, give me your best shot!"
The Run.
Gumball is thrown out of the exploding school, along with the cart.
Gumball says: "Ow, I'M SORRY!"
Gumball says: "I'M SORRY!"
The cart falls on the highway. Gumball checks his body, happy that he survived.
Gumball says: "I'm alive!"
A car horn goes off, Gumball screams and tries to push a truck back with a mop, Gumball looks forward, a latch on another truck comes off, and tires come at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ah, give me a break!"
Gumball says: "Ah, ah, ahhhahah!"
Gumball looks back, as the truck behind him runs into trees, knocking down a "chain" of powerlines. Gumball watches the powerlines fall down like dominos, then looks back, and sees the truck in front of him brake abrubtly, to avoid being crushed. Gumball screams, and ducks, going under the truck, Gumball's cart goes under a falling powerline right before it hits the ground.
Gumball says: "Hahahahahaha!"
Gumball says: "In your FACE, bad luck!"
Gumball says: "I am invincib-  I'm not gonna make it!"
At Hospital.
Gumball wakes up in hospital, lying on a bed with his family watching him.
Gumball says: "Uh, ugh, what happened?"
Nicole says: "The doctor said you were very lucky to survive, very lucky indeed."
Gumball says: "Uh?"
Gumball says: "Lucky?"
Gumball says: "This means my good luck has finally returned!"
Darwin says: "Thus proving my scientific hypothesis to be correct."
Anais says: "And since science and reason have gone out the window, I suggest we all use the power of our minds to get tickets for Daisyland."
Everyone puts their hands at their heads, making a straining sound.
Epilogue.
Daisyland, Tobias and Rachel's family are at the ticket window.
Harold​​​​​ says: "One family pass to Daisyland, please."
Harold​​​​​ says: "Oh, no, my ticket!"
Harold​​​​​ says: "Hmm, I wonder to where the wind will take it."
Highway, the ticket goes into a truck-drivers windshield.
Pantsbully says: "Hey look, a Daisyland ticket!"
Pantsbully says: "I wonder to where the wind will take it."
The ticket flies into a plane's wing.
Boy says: "Look, Mother, a Daisyland ticket."
Boy says: "Mother, I'm wondering to where the wind will take it."
Hospital, the ticket blows into the window, and the Wattersons watch, until the fan cuts it into little pieces.
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "I wished for snow!"
Episode ends.