Please Mom!
At the beginning of the episode, Nicole is leaving home via the front door. With Gumball clinging to her leg, and Darwin clinging to Gumball, she drags both of them behind her.
Gumball says: "Please, Mom!"
Darwin says: "Please, Mom!"
Gumball says: "Please?"
Darwin says: "Please?"
Darwin says: "S'il vous plaît?"
Gumball says: "¿Por favor?"
Darwin says: "Bitte?"
Nicole turns to face her sons as they adopt a kneeling position.
Gumball says: "We really wanna do karate."
Gumball says: "'Olu 'olu?"
Darwin says: "'Olu 'olu?"
Nicole says: "Okay."
The show skips ahead to Nicole driving her car, while Gumball and Darwin are in the backseat wearing karate uniforms.
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Nicole says: "Better not get bored and give it up right away."
Gumball says: "Mom, when have we ever given something up?"
A series of flashbacks starts; Gumball and Darwin are seen practicing different sports. Every time Gumball and Darwin throw their equipment, a meter fills with 100 dollars and a cash sound effect plays.
Gumball says: "I hate football!"
Darwin says: "I hate football!"
Gumball says: "I hate tennis!"
Darwin says: "I hate tennis!"
Gumball says: "I hate whipping horses!"
Darwin says: "I hate whipping horses!"
Gumball and Darwin are peacefully skating, when Gumball suddently slams Darwin onto the ice rink.
Gumball says: "I hate figure skating!"
The meter fills up with 700 more dollars and the flashbacks end.
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Nicole says: "Promise me you'll go to the lessons this time."
Gumball says: "Pff."
Gumball says: "Who needs lessons?"
Gumball says: "You already bought us black belts!"
Another 500 dollars pile up on the meter. Then Gumball and Darwin pretend to attack each other, and Nicole sighs.
Darwin says: "Dude, you look so powerful in your belt."
Gumball says: "You too, man."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "You're like half shark, half bear, half alligator."
Darwin says: "Shark-bear-igator."
Gumball says: "Darwin, let's agree to never take these off."
They shake hands.
Darwin says: "Agreed!"
Goofy Gi's.
Gumball and Darwin are at home and getting ready for school. They brush their teeth, after which Gumball runs downstairs and tries to jump kick the door.
Gumball says: "Hi-yah!"
He smacks against it and drops to the floor, causing a painting to fall from the wall and onto his face. Next, Gumball pours cereal into a bowl and spins a spoon in his hand.
Gumball says: "Woo, yah-wah!"
Gumball says: "Haa-yah!"
Darwin says: "Yah!"
Outside, Gumball does a cartwheel, then kicks the bus sign. Darwin follows after him by doing somersaults. The bus pulls up, and the scene skips to the end of the school day. Gumball and Darwin are standing on the sidewalk in front of some of their classmates, and Nicole drives up to collect them.
Darwin says: "That was the best day of my life!"
Darwin says: "Yah!"
Darwin says: "Yah!"
Darwin says: "Yah!"
Every student, except Penny, laughs.
Masami says: "Hey, why don't you fight Tina?"
They continue laughing.
Gumball says: "No, no-no-no."
Gumball says: "Our karate is strictly for self-defense."
Darwin says: "To misuse the power in this fin would bring terrible dishonor upon our dojo."
Banana Joe says: "Haha, do another flip!"
They laugh again.
Gumball says: "All right, just one more."
Gumball says: "Ha, for the fans..."
Darwin says: "Awesome!"
Everyone laughs.
Banana Joe says: "Kung-fool!"
Nicole watches from the car, upset.
Nicole says: "Boys, come on!"
Nicole says: "Time to go."
Gumball says: "One second, Mom!"
Gumball says: "What do you think of my new style?"
Penny says: "Mmm."
Penny says: "Very, um..."
Gumball says: "Impressive?"
Penny says: "Well..."
Penny says: "I like to see you happy."
Gumball says: "Thanks!"
Gumball says: "Wa!"
Gumball says: "You need work on that defense, young lotus."
Gumball says: "Farewell."
He gets into the passenger seat, Darwin sits in the back, and they head for home.
Gumball says: "Hi-yah!"
Gumball pretends to hit Nicole, nearly making her lose control of the vehicle.
Gumball says: "Flinched!"
Nicole says: "Everything okay at school, honey?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, school is awesome!"
Gumball says: "Especially when you're wearing one of these."
Nicole says: "It's just that it..."
Nicole says: "kinda looked like the kids were making fun of you back there."
Gumball says: "Yeah..."
Gumball says: "Laughing with you can sound like laughing at you."
Darwin says: "They even called us the karate wieners!"
Gumball says: "I think it's because we always "wien" at karate."
The Inner Warrior.
Back home, Richard is sitting on the couch playing a videogame. Gumball and Darwin are next to him.
Videogame announcer says: "Suburban Karate Master."
Richard says: "You have a spare one?"
Gumball says: "Nah, sorry, Dad."
Gumball says: "I'm not sure you're ready for the responsibility."
Gumball says: "Come on, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Let's go practice some killer moves!"
They go to the front yard and stand beside a boombox.
Gumball says: "Okay, dude."
Gumball says: "You know what a true warrior needs for a good warm-up?"
Darwin says: "Mittens and a scarf?"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin-san."
Gumball says: "Inspiration."
Rock music plays; Gumball and Darwin lip-sync and dance to the song.
Lyrics says: "Every time I look in the mirror all I see is the inner warrior staring back at me!"
You hit hard with your best shot, give it everything you've got. Warrior, be the warrior!
Nicole and Richard are watching from the window.
Nicole says: "Oh, Richard, I'm so worried about them."
Richard turns around, revealing that he is also lip-syncing and air-guitaring.
Lyrics says: "Bring 'em on, let 'em come, they will never keep you down."
Richard says: "Why?"
Richard says: "It's a great track."
Nicole says: "They're obsessed with those outfits, and the kids at school are making fun of them."
Lyrics says: "Come on, Warrior!"
Lyrics says: "Be the Warrior!"
Nicole says: "You know how mean kids can be."
Lyrics says: "And you're the best that you can be."
Nicole says: "I know they're just costumes, but if people make fun of them, they'll never get girlfriends, or a job, and in twenty years' time they'll still be living here and wearing those ridiculous karate outfits!"
Nicole imagines what Gumball and Darwin will be like in the future. She pictures them overweight, unkempt, and playing a videogame in the living room.
Darwin says: "Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Yeah?"
Darwin says: "I think we wasted our lives."
End of Nicole's imagine spot.
Tae-Kwon Dorks.
Later, Gumball and Darwin are using the computer in their bedroom when Nicole walks in.
Nicole says: "Boys?"
Gumball says: "Hi, Mom!"
Darwin says: "Hi, Mom!"
Gumball says: "Check out Darwin's sweet scissor kick."
Nicole says: "When did you post this?"
Gumball says: "We didn't."
Gumball says: "Some kids at school did."
Nicole says: "Boys, look at the title."
Nicole says: ""Tae-Kwon Dorks."
Nicole says: "" I think they might be making fun of you."
Gumball says: "Nah, they just spelled "Tae-Kwon Do" wrong."
Darwin says: "Korean spelling is very complicated."
Gumball says: "There's loads of other fellow senseis on here."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball plays a video called "Awesome brick break", where a black belt breaks a row of bricks just by using his hand. Nicole suddenly unplugs the computer.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Nicole says: "I need to tell you a story."
Gumball says: "Cool!"
Gumball says: "Is it a fable about a great martial arts warrior?"
Nicole says: "Not exactly."
Nicole says: "When your father was at school, he thought he was the "Cottontail Cavalier."
Flashback to the time when Richard was still in Elmore Junior High.
Richard says: "Cottontail Cavalier!"
Mister Small​​ says: "Costumed geek!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Costumed geek!"
Patrick says: "Costumed geek!"
Nicole says: "Leave him alone!"
Nicole says: "At least he's brave enough to be himself."
Flashback ends.
Nicole says: "He was lucky there was one girl who loved him for who he really was."
Darwin says: "What a sad story."
Gumball says: "But, what ever happened to the cape?"
Nicole says: "Well, I managed to get it off him and hide it."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "You mean the president didn't really need my cape?"
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, honey."
Richard says: "It's because of you I'm mortal!"
Nicole says: "You see, that's the kind of state that you can get into when you refuse to grow up."
Darwin says: "Gumball, I don't wanna be a costumed geek."
Gumball says: "It's okay, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Mom, we'll stop wearing the outfits if it'll make you happy."
Nicole says: "Thank you, boys."
Nicole says: "I'm so proud of you."
Nicole says: "You'll see, it's for the best."
After she leaves, Gumball and Darwin gaze out their window and sing "No More Gi".
Gumball says: "Life's about abandoning, dream after dream."
Darwin says: "Hopes and expectations, float away downstream."
Gumball says: "It's time to kiss our childish ways goodbye."
Darwin says: "Grow up?"
Darwin says: "Give mediocrity a try?"
Gumball says: "The games, they have to stop."
The two remove their headbands.
Darwin says: "No more hi-yah!"
Gumball says: "Not even a karate chop."
Gumball says: "Face up to what maturity means, and forget about our martial arts dreams."
Darwin says: "Face up to what maturity means, and forget about our martial arts dreams."
They store the outfits in a suitcase and slide it under the bed.
Gumball says: "Well, I think I'm cured."
Darwin says: "Me too!"
Darwin says: "I almost think I could put it back on, you know, just one last time, and I would be fine."
Gumball says: "I reckon if I put mine back on, it would do nothing."
Gumball and Darwin dress up again and lie on the floor while laughing ecstatically.
Gumball says: "Oh, it feels so good!"
The Karate "Wieners".
The next day, Gumball and Darwin try to sneak out of the house by wearing their outfits under regular clothing. Nicole hears them open the front door and comes out of the kitchen.
Nicole says: "Boys?"
Nicole says: "Is that you?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "yeah, just rushing off to school, you know?"
Gumball says: "Don't wanna miss any of those, uh, spelling..."
Gumball says: "sums."
Nicole says: "That's great honey."
Nicole says: "Now, where did you put those karate costumes?"
Gumball says: "Those old things?"
Gumball says: "I completely forgot about them."
Nicole says: "But you had them only yesterday."
Gumball says: "That was yesterday?"
Gumball says: "Well, time sure flies when you're all grown up."
Gumball says: "Can you remember where we put them?"
Darwin says: "Beats me."
Gumball says: "Maybe they're in the closet, bye!"
Nicole says: "Bye."
Nicole says: "And now, to get rid of this problem once and for all."
Nicole says: "What the?"
Nicole says: "They're gone!"
Nicole says: "Wait a minute."
Nicole rewinds her memory.
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Nicole replays the memory in slow motion.
Gumball says: "Bye!"
She replays it even slower, spotting the sleeve of Gumball's gi under his sweater.
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Nicole says: "Those little fibbers!"
At school, Gumball and Darwin are in the corridor, standing by the lockers.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's get these dorky clothes off."
Darwin says: "I don't know, I think I'm gonna keep mine on."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Mom's kinda right, this is a bit lame."
Gumball says: "Are you crazy?"
Gumball says: "Is that lame?"
Darwin says: "Nah, it's pretty awesome."
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "Now, our fans are waiting."
Gumball says: "The Karate Weiners, have returned!"
The nearby students all laugh.
Gumball says: "People, please, contain your excitement."
Gumball says: "At lunch break, come and see me attempt..."
Gumball says: "the impossible!"
Jamie says: "What?"
Jamie says: "Are you gonna get a girlfriend?"
They laugh again.
Gumball says: "No, I'm going to break twelve planks of wood with this hand!"
Darwin says: "Are you crazy?"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin, I'M MORE SANE THAN I'VE EVER BEEN!"
Scene cuts to Nicole rapidly driving on the highway.
Nicole says: "Out of my way!"
Nicole says: "My kids are in danger!"
Nicole says: "Of becoming their father!"
At the school playground, Gumball is preparing to strike the planks in front of him.
Darwin says: "Dude, seriously, how're you gonna do this?"
Gumball says: "Ha, easy!"
Gumball says: "I've seen loads of guys do it on the internet."
Gumball says: "All I have to do is hit it with my hand."
Gumball says: "Watch!"
Gumball says: "Karate fans please, can I have a little hush?"
Banana Joe says: "Yeah, quiet!"
Banana Joe says: "I wanna hear him fail."
All the classmates laugh at Gumball.
Darwin says: "Shhhh!"
Gumball says: "Thank you, Darwin-san."
Gumball says: "HI-YAH!"
Gumball hits the wood, injuring his hand as he whimpers in pain. The classmates continue to laugh.
Gumball says: "Stop laughing!"
Gumball says: "Don't you guys watch TV?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "When you believe in yourself you can accomplish anything!"
He ineffectively hits the planks a few more times with his hands, then tries using his head.
Gumball says: "Maybe I'll just do one plank."
Darwin removes all the planks except for one.
Gumball says: "HI-YAH!"
He stomps on the plank, to no effect, and growls. When he kicks the plank, it flies into his face, causing him to cry and fall forward, with the students still laughing.
Banana Joe says: "Ladies and gentlemen, the karate "wiener"!"
Gumball says: "Hang on, wiener doesn't mean winner, it means sausage!"
Nicole drives up on the other side of the fence.
Nicole says: "Oh, no, I'm too late."
Penny runs up to Gumball looking worried.
Penny says: "Hey, leave him alone!"
Penny says: "If he wants to wear karate clothes, let him!"
Penny says: "At least he's brave enough to be himself!"
Penny says: "Besides, I think he looks cute, kinda like a..."
Penny says: "a..."
Darwin says: "Shark-bear-igator?"
Penny says: "Yeah, something like that."
Gumball says: "I told you girls would dig it!"
Gumball says: "Thanks for sticking up for me, Penny!"
Penny says: "My pleasure, Gumball-san."
They pretend to attack each other, then laugh together.
Nicole says: "Ohh, my little karate weiner's in love!"
Return of the Cottontail Cavalier.
In the living room, Richard is still playing a videogame when Nicole walks up to him.
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Richard says: "Yeah?"
Nicole says: "The president wants you to have this back."
Richard says: "I can feel its power!"
Nicole says: "Well, put it on."
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "The "Cottontail Cavalier" has returned!"
Richard says: "Ahh, just like old times."
Nicole gives Richard a kiss on the cheek.
Richard says: "Oh, thanks, honey!"
Episode ends.