The Bus.
The episode starts with Sussie and Darwin sitting next to each other in the school bus.
Sussie says: "Look, sun!"
Sussie says: "Look, house!"
Sussie says: "Look, roof!"
Sussie says: "Look, ball!"
Sussie says: "Look, door!"
Sussie says: "Look, clown!"
Sussie says: "Look, bird!"
Sussie says: "You're not looking!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Sussie says: "BIRD!"
Darwin says: "That's a d—"
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin whimpers and squeezes through the side of the seat, Gumball is playing Street Fighter on a device looking similar to the Game Boy Advance and Anton is sleeping beside him.
Darwin says: "Dude, I need you to grab the emergency hammer."
Gumball says: "I'm not breaking the window."
Darwin says: "No, I need you to knock me out."
Gumball says: "How about you just ask Sussie to calm down a little?"
Darwin says: "I can't..."
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "You're embarrassed, aren't you?"
Darwin Just use the hammer...
Gumball says: "Darwin Watterson, the fish who grew legs at the expense of his guts!"
Darwin says: "Shut up!"
Sussie says: "HEY, DARWIN!"
Darwin squeezes his head back out.
Sussie says: "Which noise do you prefer?"
Sussie says: "ALALALALALALALALALALALALA!"
Sussie says: "or AKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA!"
Gumball says: "Excuse me, Sussie, but can you be a little quieter, please?"
Sussie says: "Certainly, young Gumball, I'd be more than happy to oblige!"
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Darwin says: "That was me, taking my hat off to you."
Sussie says: "Hats!"
Cafeteria.
Darwin says: "I still don't understand how you can be so direct with people?"
Gumball says: "OH!"
Gumball says: "It's really hard, you have to think the words and then move your lips at the same time so it makes the right sound."
Darwin says: "Teach me..."
Jamie cuts in line. Darwin stares at her.
Jamie says: "What?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh-uh-..."
Jamie says: "Yeah, that's what I thought."
Darwin mumbles to himself towards Jamie in an angry manner and then nods.
Darwin says: "That whole argument I just won only went on in my head, didn't it?"
Gumball says: "Well..."
Gumball says: "nothing happened in reality, so I'm gonna have to say yes."
Darwin starts hitting his face.
Gumball says: "What's that about?"
Darwin says: "That's me beating myself for being such a door mat."
The bell rings.
Hallway.
Gumball says: "If you want me to teach you how to be direct, I can."
Gumball says: "But you have to promise to do exactly what I say."
Gumball says: "No questions asked!"
Darwin says: "I promise."
Gumball says: "I want you to walk like a dog with an itchy butt."
Darwin says: "I shouldn't have promised."
What You Want To Say.
Gumball is walking past Tobias and Idaho in the schoolyard, while Darwin drags his butt on the ground like a dog.
Gumball says: "Hi, guys."
Darwin says: "I think I actually understand the purpose of this exercise."
Darwin says: "You're ridding me of my inhibitions by destroying the little dignity I had."
Gumball says: "No dude..."
Gumball says: "I was just messing with you!"
Darwin says: "WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "THE SAND BOX?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "Just tell me who you want to be direct with, and I'll show you how it's done."
Scene jumps to Leslie on the payphone.
Leslie​​​ says: "Calm down, honey, you're being over grammatic this guy is too shellfish and he's being a total control Greek."
Gumball pushes the switch to end the phone call.
Leslie​​​ says: "Do you mind?"
Leslie​​​ says: "I was in the middle of a condensation!"
Gumball says: "Wow, I see what you mean now..."
Gumball says: "Come on, tell him how annoying he is!"
Darwin says: "You know, Leslie?"
Darwin starts choking.
Gumball says: "Come on man, speak your mind!"
Gumball says: "You're so bottled up you're choking on your own frustration!"
Gumball says: "THINK!"
Darwin's mouth pops and he lets out his thoughts like a hurricane.
Darwin says: "WHEN YOU TRY TO SOUND SMART AND MIX UP YOUR WORDS YOU SOUND LIKE A FOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!"
Darwin deflates and then goes back to normal.
Leslie​​​ says: "I- I don't know what to say..."
Leslie​​​ says: "Thank you!"
Leslie​​​ says: "Thank you for telling me, I'll be forever graceful for your honesty!"
Gumball says: "It's- it's grateful..."
Leslie​​​ says: "Ah, yes, I'll be forever grapefruit for your honesty."
Leslie walks away, as Gumball bows to a delighted Darwin.
That Same Stupid Pose.
Gumball and Darwin are in the library using the computers.
Gumball says: "HAHA!"
Gumball says: "Hehe."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Tobias just posted a photo, I'll send it over."
Darwin says: "Oh, for goodness sake!"
Darwin says: "This is another thing that bugs me."
Darwin skims through a series of Tobias's photos.
Darwin says: "He's always pulling that stupid pose!"
Darwin says: "So annoying..."
Gumball says: "Well it's not really that annoying, it's just a photo, buddy..."
Darwin says: "It's not though is it?"
Darwin says: "It's ALL the time!"
Camera zooms out, revealing Tobias doing his pose.
Darwin says: "Dude, FYI, you look totally lame when you pull that pose, WHAT DOES IT EVEN MEAN?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Tobias​​​ says: "It's chunkin' the deuce, man."
Darwin says: "And what does that mean?"
Tobias slowly scoots away.
Darwin looks at Gumball blissfully as he gasps happily.
What He Thinks About Us!
Gumball and Darwin are walking in the hallway.
Darwin says: "You don't understand."
Darwin says: "For my whole walking life I had to keep my mouth shut, having to deal with everyone's annoying little habits, but now I can say what I like..."
Darwin says: "I feel like..."
Gumball says: "Dude, what are you doing?"
Darwin says: "I feel like..."
Darwin says: "Ever since I was a young fish, I always held my tongue, Never spoke the words I felt inside and now my time has come."
Darwin says: "I'd push my feelings deep deep down, now I'll tell the world,  ​​exactly what I think and feel, about every boy and girl."
Ocho, Masami, Banana Joe, Anton, Jamie, Alan, Idaho, Bobert, Tobias, Tina, Carrie, and William appear to sing along.
Rest of Class says: "Every boy and girl!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
The students joined by Carmen follow Darwin down another hallway.
Rest of Class says: "Gonna tell us what he thinks about us!"
Miss Simian does a backwards cartwheel and walks backwards in front of the students.
Rest of Class says: "Gonna tell us what to do!"
Rest of Class says: "Gonna tell us what he thinks about us!"
Rest of Class says: "Gonna show us something new!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Masami's popular and funny, but your friends just like you for your money."
Masami frowns, turns grey, and floats away, crying.
Rest of class says: "We only like you for your money!"
Darwin says: "Jamie's rude and impolite because she's half cow half troglodyte."
Jamie walks away with her head down.
Rest of class says: "She's half-cow half-troglodyte!"
Darwin says: "Carrie thinks her style's unique, but she's just one more emo freak."
Carrie becomes shocked by Darwin's insult. Shot cuts to Banana Joe.
Rest of class says: "She's just one more emo freak!"
Darwin says: "Joe, your jokes are lame and lazy, and you sing just like a dog with rabies!"
Banana Joe runs away, crying. The rest of the students walk away, ending the song. Darwin continues to have his hands raised proudly.
Taking It Too Far.
Gumball says: "Hmm, where do people go when they run away crying like that?"
Gumball follows Banana Joe, and sees him sitting on the floor next to the lockers.
Banana Joe says: "Uh, haha, I feel a bit silly now."
Darwin says: "OH JUST STOP IT ALRIGHT?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Shot cuts to Teri spraying a door handle.
Teri says: "Well, what does it matter to you?"
Teri says: "You do know there are more germs on an average door handle than there are on a toilet seat."
Darwin says: "Well, if that's the case, we should all open doors with our butts!"
Darwin says: "Almost got it."
Gumball says: "Darwin, what are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Just proving a point..."
Darwin opens the door, revealing Principal Brown.
Darwin says: "TA DA!"
Teri says: "Principal Brown!"
Teri says: "Darwin is being recklessly unhygienic..."
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "And it's giving me ulcers, see?!"
Teri says: "!"
Darwin says: "OH MY GOSH!"
Darwin says: "Your hand, it's covered in germs!"
Teri says: "WHAT?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "WHERE?!"
Teri says: "!"
Darwin licks her hand.
Darwin says: "There."
Teri says: "NNNNNNNNNNNNYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
Nigel Brown says: "Darwin Watterson!"
Nigel Brown says: "This is not like you at all!"
Nigel Brown says: "I can only assume that Gumball has something to do with it."
Gumball says: "I've got nothing to do with it at all!"
Nigel Brown says: "Nothing..."
Nigel Brown says: "?"
Gumball says: "Well maybe I kinda set him off."
Nigel Brown says: "That's all I needed to know!"
Nigel Brown says: "Both of you, to the school counselor, immediately."
A Nice Dose of "Shut Up".
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​ says: "As much as I think it's important for you to be able to express yourselves freely, I don't think comments about my ponytail are appropriate."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​ says: "The back of my head does not look like a horse's buttocks!"
Darwin says: "I swear I'm trying my best Mr."
Darwin says: "Small, but I just can't stop myself from saying- I'M TIRED OF STARING AT YOUR HIDEOUS!"
Darwin says: "HAIRY!"
Darwin says: "MAN TOES!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Eh, uhum."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Interesting, I wanna try something, what do you see when I show you this ink blot?"
Darwin says: "A very sad middle aged man wearing sandals."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I think I have the right treatment for your problem."
Gumball and Darwin walk out of his office; Darwin has tape on his mouth.
Evil Darwin.
In the middle of the silence in the classroom, Sussie is heavily breathing with her mouth, Anton is scratching his face, Tina is tapping her nails on the desk and Miss Simian is drinking her coffee.
Gumball says: "I'm impressed on how you're managing all this, buddy."
Gumball says: "I thought for sure you'd- Ahh!"
Darwin is freaking out as the noises continue throughout the class.
Gumball says: "EVERYONE GET OUT OF HERE!"
Gumball says: "HE'S GONNA HURT YOUR FEELINGS REAL BAD!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​ says: "No!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​ says: "We need to listen to him!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​ says: "He's just misunderstated."
Darwin, enraged, stands up and tears the tape off his mouth.
Darwin says: "Hey, chin bag, how about you learn to breathe through your nostrils."
Darwin says: "Oh I'm sorry..."
Darwin says: "YOU DON'T HAVE ANY!"
Sussie says: "Nostrils."
Darwin says: "And how about you clip those stupid nails?"
Darwin says: "They're not gonna make you any more feminine."
Darwin says: "In case you haven't noticed, you're a ten ton sack of reptile flesh!"
Tina sobs.
Sussie says: "Reptile flesh."
Darwin says: "The only thing worse than hearing you slurp your coffee is watching it stick to your rancid lady mustache!"
Sussie says: "Mustache."
Miss Simian runs away crying.
Gumball says: "Uh, dude, I know I told you to be direct and all but you're acting like a full blown atomic jerk right now, can you uhh, just go back to being a nice guy..."
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin doesn’t respond.
Gumball says: "Dude?"
Gumball reaches out for Darwin but Darwin slaps Gumball's hand and begins singing with an evil face and demonic background.
Darwin says: "No more Mr."
Darwin says: "Nice Guy, I found a new style, with claws and pointy teeth and a villainous smile!"
Darwin says: "Goodbye, Goody Two-Shoes!"
Darwin says: "I'm no longer uptight, cause now I'm a shark and I'm ready to bite!"
Darwin says: "And I'll say what I want, and the truth's gonna sting!"
Darwin says: "I'll be brutal and blunt, it will hurt when I sing!"
Darwin says: "AHAHAHAHAHHA!"
Gumball slaps Darwin and the scene cuts back to normal.
Gumball says: "You and me, outside, now."
Street Fighter in the Schoolyard.
A versus screen appears between the boys and the scene transtions to a pixelated playground as the two prepare to battle "Fighting Video Game" style.
Gumball says: "I don't want to do this man, but it's the only way!"
Gumball says: "You need to learn that words can hurt."
Announcer says: "Round One!"
Announcer says: "Fight!"
Darwin says: "Your head is so big that you have to put your shirt on feet first!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Stop It!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Gumball says: "That's cheating!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Gumball says: "You keep using the same move!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Gumball echoes and collapses.
Announcer says: "Darwin wins!"
Announcer says: "Perfect!"
Announcer says: "Round Two!"
Announcer says: "Fight!"
Gumball says: "You're so ugly that when you entered an ugly contest the judges said no professionals!"
Darwin says: "You're so dumb you put stamps on your e-mails!"
Gumball says: "You're so short that your head smells like feet!"
Darwin says: "Your brain's so small that your thoughts have an echo!"
Gumball says: "Your cheeks are so big that people don't know which end of you they're looking at!"
Darwin says: "Agh!"
Camera cuts to reality, Tobias, Banana Joe, Anton and Bobert cheers looking unamazed while Gumball and Darwin are still pretending to be in the game.
Gumball says: "Pshoo!"
Gumball says: "Cling!"
Gumball says: "Pew!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "Your face is so greasy that people put on weight when they look at you!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Nyeh, it's not as good as I thought it'd be."
Tobias, Banana Joe, Anton and Bobert leave, still making cheering motions. Camera cuts back to the game.
Gumball says: "You're so bald, that when you take a shower you get brainwashed!"
Darwin says: "You're so..."
Darwin says: "I got nothing!"
Gumball shoots an energy ball and Darwin is "stunned," Gumball comes close with an energy ball in his hand.
Gumball says: "You're so chubby the back of your head looks like a pack of wieners."
Gumball punches Darwin with energy, Darwin flies into the air and then back down, smashing a dumpster. Gumball celebrates.
Announcer says: "Final Round!"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, pause."
Gumball holds out his hand and the "game" pauses.
Gumball says: "Darwin, I think this has gone far enough."
Gumball says: "Surely you understand what I'm trying to say to you."
Gumball says: "It's good to speak your mind sometimes but..."
Gumball says: "wha- what, what are you doing?"
Darwin is making shooting motions while whispering.
Gumball says: "Hey, you unpaused!"
Gumball says: "That's cheating!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Darwin says: "Big head!"
Energy starts emanating from Gumball.
Gumball says: "Okay, I didn't want to do this, but you leave me no choice."
Gumball says: "You are not my brother."
Gumball starts to use a combo move.
Gumball says: "YOU ARE JUST A PET WHO GREW LEGS!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Announcer says: "Ultimate combo!"
Scene changes to a cutscene with Darwin laying in a destroyed wall, while a "Continue" counter goes down in the corner.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, you forced me to do this."
Darwin starts sobbing. Gumball realizes what he has done and rushes over as the scene returns to reality.
Darwin says: "Did you really mean that?"
Gumball says: "I just wanted you back to normal, it just came out!"
Darwin says: "It really hurt!"
Gumball says: "It really hurt me too!"
Gumball says: "I never thought it before, you're totally my brother!"
Darwin says: "Well, I think you've made your point, and if that's how I made other people feel, I don't want to do it anymore."
Gumball says: "It's good to have you back, buddy."
The brothers hug.
Darwin says: "You still have a big head, though."
Gumball says: "Well, at least mine's got hair on it."
Epilogue.
On the school bus, Sussie is seated beside Gumball and Darwin.
Sussie says: "AKAKAKAKAKAKAKA..."
Gumball and Darwin stare at each other and nod. Darwin gives the emergency hammer to Gumball. The camera cuts to outside the bus. Gumball and Darwin fly out the window, where the camera freezes. Episode ends.