Fixing the TV.
The episode starts in the living room where Richard puts down a plate of cookies and uses the remote to switch on the TV; he taps the remote several times but nothing happens, he holds up the remote and sees the battery compartment is empty and then he sees some batteries on the table.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard starts throwing batteries at the TV until the screen breaks.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard starts pounding the TV then looks down at the wire connected to the TV.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard uses a chainsaw and cuts a hole to the backyard then looks at the satellite dish.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard tries to jump up to the satellite dish several times then he sees a ladder behind him.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard uses the ladder to smash the satellite dish several times, and goes back inside to check on the TV, which is of course still off.
Richard says: "Hmmmm!"
Richard goes to the kitchen and takes everything out of a drawer and sees a TV repair card, some forks and tape.
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard goes back to the backyard and uses tape and forks to climb to the roof then throws batteries at the satellite dish, one of the batteries hit him, causing him to fall off the roof then the satellite dish crushes his face, knocking him out unconscious.
At the Hospital.
Richard wakes up in the hospital and sees the rest of the Wattersons.
Richard says: "What happened?"
Bandage Doctor says: "You are very lucky Mr."
Bandage Doctor says: "Watterson, it appears your skull is so thick you were able to survive a half a ton of tiles and a satellite dish falling on your head."
Nicole says: "Is he going to be okay, doctor?"
Bandage Doctor says: "Apart from being living proof that we're doomed as a species, he's fine, I just need a signature from whoever is responsible for him."
Nicole says: "Oh that would be me."
Granny Jojo says: "I don't think so!"
Camera zooms in Granny Jojo's face.
Granny Jojo says: "That would be his mother."
Nicole says: "Granny Jojo, what a pleasure."
Granny Jojo says: "I wish I could say the same but it seems I have no other choice but to move in and sort out your family which you are clearly incapable of taking care of."
Nicole gets very angry and starts breathing heavily.
Gumball says: "Uh doctor, what's the cheapest object in this room?"
Bandage Doctor says: "Probably that."
Gumball grabs the rack and gives it to Darwin, who passes it on to Nicole; and she bends the pole out of shape effortlessly.
Bandage Doctor says: "That was still worth about three hundred dollars."
Nicole sighs and bends the pole back to normal as Jojo shakes her head scornfully.
Crossing the Road.
The Wattersons walk out of the hosiptal.
Gumball says: "So, Granny Jojo, why are you staying with us?"
The Wattersons stop at a pedestrian crossing.
Granny Jojo says: "Because someone has to look after your safety, kid."
Nicole says: "I think they're perfectly safe with me, now look left then right before you cross that road Gumball."
Granny Jojo says: "No, you look right then left, that way you see the nearest car first."
Gumball turns left then right.
Nicole says: "But while you're looking left, something maybe coming from the other direction, look right again, sweetie."
Granny Jojo says: "No, look left!"
Gumball starts turning left and right repeatedly.
Nicole says: "Look right."
Granny Jojo says: "Left!"
Nicole says: "Right!"
Granny Jojo says: "LEFT!"
Nicole says: "RIGHT!"
Granny Jojo says: "LEFT!"
Nicole says: "RIGHT!"
Granny Jojo says: "LEFT!"
Nicole says: "RIGHT!"
Granny Jojo says: "LEFT!"
Gumball's head starts turning rapidly before it completely splits in half.
Granny Jojo says: "Now run, it's better to cross the road as quickly as possible."
Gumball starts running across the road.
Nicole says: "No, you might trip and fall, just walk."
Gumball walks across the road and walks past Felicity and her son Billy.
Felicity says: "Oh, don't worry, Billy, it's a really good hospita-AAHH!!!"
Felicity and Billy scream at Gumball's head.
Bad Mother.
Scene changes to the Wattersons' front yard where Gumball is attempting a skateboard trick while Darwin watches him; Anais takes a photo of Gumball as he jumps; Nicole and Granny Jojo looks out from a window.
Darwin says: "Dude, I think the board is supposed to jump as well."
Camera changes to Nicole and Granny Jojo; she is too short, so only her ears are visible.
Granny Jojo says: "See, this is exactly the kind of thing I was worried about."
Nicole says: "How would you know, you're not even tall enough to look out the window!"
Granny Jojo says: "I don't need to, I know how dangerous the world is."
Nicole says: "Oh come on, he's wearing all the protective gear, what the worst that could happen?"
Gumball tries to do the trick again but the board hits his crotch.
Gumball throws the board but it hits his face then he steps and trips on the board and it hits Darwin's face then the board bounces and hits Anais's face.
Nicole says: "Oh my gosh, you're right, I'm a terrible mother."
Granny Jojo snaps her fingers a couple of times.
Granny Jojo says: "Follow me."
Scene changes to the inside of the house which Granny Jojo walks and show Nicole what she have done.
Granny Jojo walks to the staircase.
Granny Jojo says: "Socket covers."
Points to the steel door on the staircase.
Granny Jojo says: "Stair guard."
Walks up the staircase and opens the bathroom door.
Granny Jojo says: "A good mother prevents the incident before it happens."
Scene changes to Richard bathing then he falls into a catch net; Nicole stares in horror.
Richard says: "The worst part is that it's working."
Granny Jojo closes the door.
Nicole says: "I always thought I was a good mother..."
Granny Jojo says: "But you're not, are you?"
Granny Jojo says: "Don't worry about it."
Nicole says: "But they're my family, they need me!"
Granny Jojo says: "They need me more."
Nicole sighs and dejectedly walks down the stairs.
It's Not Safe.
Scene changes to the living room; Gumball is playing a video game while Granny Jojo walks towards him.
Granny Jojo says: "Excuse me sweetie, I forgot to ask your mom to buy some milk before she left for work, do you mind running to the store to pick some up?"
Gumball says: "Sure."
Granny Jojo says: "Good boy, now you be careful outside."
Gumball says: "Yeah right, who knows?"
Gumball says: "I might get jumped by a garden gnome."
Scene changes to a street; Gumball is walking home with the milk; a car comes and tries to hit Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ahhhhh!"
The car reverses and tries to hit Gumball again; Gumball screams and runs back to his house; he gets tired and collapses at the steps of the backdoor; the car smashes through the fence and stops a few inches away from Gumball; the door of the car window opens, and Granny Jojo pops her head out.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Granny Jojo says: "This lesson shows that nobody is safe the moment they leave their house."
Gumball faints and loses his outline, making him melt down into a puddle of blue ink; scene changes to the kitchen where Darwin is using a knife to spread butter on his bread; Granny Jojo with a fake arm appears.
Granny Jojo says: "What are you doing sweetie?"
Darwin says: "Just making a sandwich."
Granny Jojo screams, then Darwin screams as well; the camera shows the two screaming at each other repeatedly; then Granny Jojo reveals her real arm, but Darwin continues screaming.
Granny Jojo says: "That lesson shows that nobody is safe when there's a knife around, so get out of here!"
Darwin runs away screaming; scene changes to the bedroom where Anais is trying to close the window and then Granny Jojo comes in.
Granny Jojo says: "Ah hold on sweetie, let me get that for you."
Anais gets down; Granny Jojo goes up and slams the window which explodes; camera zooms to Anais who is in shock then camera changes back to Granny Jojo.
Granny Jojo says: "And this lesson shows that nobody is safe around windows."
Anais pants while Granny Jojo walks out of the room.
Scene changes to the backyard shed where Richard is walking to the shed with some planks; his hand goes toward the shed's doorknob, but then he hesitates; camera changes between Richard's terrifed face and hand as he decides what to do; he gives up, drops the planks and runs off; the door slowly opens revealing Granny Jojo inside with a saw; she is standing on one leg and holding a fake leg in the air.
Granny Jojo says: "And this is why you don't play with tools!"
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, looks like my work here is done."
Turned Into Richard.
Scene changes to the Wattersons' living room where everyone is at couch eating junk food.
Darwin says: "Why are we eating like this?"
Gumball says: "Because it's the only thing..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "I'm not terrified of doing."
Anais says: "I don't think it's very good to stop using our brains like this, I can feel myself getting dumber-rer."
Granny Jojo says: "You have nothing to worry about anymore, all you'll ever need is right here."
Everyone breathes a sigh of relief and continues eating junk food; After a while, everyone looks as fat as Richard, not only they became like Richard, but also lose their senses; Gumball presses the remote, but the TV does not turn on.
Gumball says: "Wuh?"
Gumball presses the remote a couple more times and sees the battery compartment is empty and looks at the table with batteries on it.
Gumball says: "Hmmmm..."
Gumball starts throwing batteries at the TV until it breaks.
All says: "Hmmmm..."
Nicole says: "What the?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Camera zooms out showing Nicole and Granny Jojo.
Nicole says: "What have you done to them?"
Nicole says: "They've all have turned into Richard!"
Granny Jojo says: "Well, at least they're safe!"
Nicole says: "It's because of your parenting that Richard had that accident."
Nicole says: "Wait, it's because of your parenting that he has no common sense whatsoever, you protected him his entire life, never letting him think for himself, and now he can hardly think at all!"
Scene changes to Richard's brain which is full of static.
Nicole says: "Richard!"
Nicole says: "Richard!"
Nicole says: "Richard!!"
Scene changes back to the living room.
Richard says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "Take the kids and go buy some milk."
Granny Jojo says: "What do you think you're doing?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Nicole says: "I'm trying to revive their brains."
Gumball, Darwin and Anais walk to the front door, Gumball smacks into it, and so do Darwin and Anais.
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "does anyone remember how to open a door?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, I think you're supposed to turn that."
Gumball opens the door but he falls and hits Darwin, Anais, and Richard, causing them to fall as well; Then they all try to get out at the same time, causing them to get stuck in the doorway.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "Huh?"
Scene changes to Nicole and Granny Jojo who are behind the couch.
Granny Jojo says: "If you think I'm letting you send them out into danger, you got another thing coming!"
Nicole says: "If you think I'm gonna let you mess with my family anymore, you got this chair coming!"
Nicole takes the chair and hits Granny Jojo but the chair bounces off.
Nicole says: "What the?"
Granny Jojo says: "Good luck trying to stop me Nicole, I've safe-proofed this whole house."
Nicole throws a flower pot at Granny Jojo but it bounces off again.
Granny Jojo says: "Everything breakable is now plastic."
Nicole takes a lamp and hits Granny Jojo but it bounces off.
Granny Jojo says: "Everything else is rubber."
Nicole takes a painting and hits Granny Jojo but the paper tears and goes through Granny Jojo.
Granny Jojo says: "Apart from that, which was paper."
Granny Jojo says: "A good mother prevents accidents before they happen."
Scene changes to a fire background with Nicole's eyes burning with anger.
Nicole says: "I AM A GOOD MOTHER!"
Nicole pounces on Granny Jojo and starts pulling her ear and uses her hand to slap her face.
Nicole says: "Say it!"
Granny Jojo says: "No."
Nicole says: "Say it!"
Granny Jojo says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Say i'm a good mother!"
Scene changes back to Richard and the trio who are still squeezing out of the door, then Anais pops out and hits the car.
Anais says: "Hmmmm..."
Scene changes back to Nicole who is still slapping Granny Jojo until they hear the car's engine starting.
The Expressway Chase.
Scene changes to the street as Nicole and Granny Jojo watch Richard drive off.
Granny Jojo says: "Noooooo!"
Granny Jojo says: "You've sent them to a highway of eternal doom in a chariot of pain and despair!"
Granny Jojo says: "My babies!"
Granny Jojo says: "My babies!!"
Nicole says: "Oh please, Richard is perfectly capable of driving to the store."
Richard runs a red light, causing a major traffic accident.
Nicole says: "I'll get the car."
Scene changes to the expressway with the kids screaming.
Gumball says: "Dad, you need to stop the car!"
Camera changes Gumball and Richard, who is using his butt to steer.
Richard says: "I can't, I can't remember how to drive!"
Anais says: "Hmm, you're clearly doing something wrong, I just don't know what."
Gumball says: "Hmmmm..."
Darwin says: "Hmmmm..."
Anais says: "Hmmmm..."
Richard says: "Hmmmm..."
Gumball says: "Oh oh I got it, you forgot your seat belt."
Everyone agrees and Gumball help to put Richard's seat belt on, then Nicole's car appears; they scream.
Granny Jojo says: "Stop the car!"
Richard says: "I don't know how!"
Granny Jojo says: "Well start by looking the right way!"
Nicole says: "Don't give them the answers, they have to figure it out by themselves."
Nicole says: "Just use your common sense, honey, it's okay to make mistakes!"
Richard turns around and seats in the right direction.
Richard says: "Okay, I need a little help here, how do you stop a car?"
Darwin says: "Well it depends, are we moving forward or is the world moving backwards?"
Anais says: "Whatever it is, the answer must be in this car!"
Gumball says: "LET'S PUSH ALL THE BUTTONS!"
Darwin says: "LET'S PUSH ALL THE BUTTONS!"
Anais says: "LET'S PUSH ALL THE BUTTONS!"
Richard says: "LET'S PUSH ALL THE BUTTONS!"
Everyone pushes a random button and causes the car to do multiple stuff.
Gumball says: "Agh, what we do now?"
Richard says: "I think the right thing to do is flail our arms and scream in panic."
Everyone screams in panic as the car goes under a truck in a gas station, causing the car's roof and hood to be torn off; they return to the expressway; Scene changes to Nicole's car.
Nicole says: "Uh, okay, that was a pretty good mistake, what did you learn from that?"
Granny Jojo says: "Nicole, I have to put a end to this right now."
Granny Jojo jumps out of the car in slow-motion.
Nicole says: "Nooooooo!"
Nicole rams Richard's car and stops Granny Jojo from jumping into it and starts wrapping the seat belt around her.
Nicole grabs Granny Jojo's mouth and puts it into the glove compartment.
Nicole says: "My family is fine, they just need the right incentive."
Nicole drives her car ahead of Richard's.
Richard says: "No no, don't leave us!"
Nicole stops her car in the middle of the expressway, gets out and stands in the middle of the expressway.
Gumball says: "We've got to stop the car!"
Anais says: "But how?"
Darwin says: "Have you tried saying please?"
Gumball says: "Don't be silly, just do as I do."
Gumball opens his car door and puts a foot on the road, everyone follows him; their feet get burned; they scream as they put out the flames on their feet.
Gumball says: "Get off the road!"
Darwin says: "Get off the road!"
Anais says: "Get off the road!"
Richard says: "Get off the road!"
Nicole says: "No, you can do it, honey!"
Granny Jojo grabs her mouth and winds down the car's window, then she holds her mouth outside the window.
Granny Jojo says: "Are you crazy?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Nicole says: "Come on guys, I believe in you, remember everything you've learned!"
Scene changes to Richard's car going into slow-motion.
Nicole says: "Learned, learned, learned, learned, learned."
Camera changes to Darwin as he experiences a flashback; Darwin puts a bowl of food into a microwave and starts it but it explodes; Scene repeats but before Darwin starts the microwave...
Darwin says: "Uh pap pap."
Darwin takes out the spoon and starts the microwave.
Nicole says: "Remember..."
Scene changes to Gumball as he has his flashback; Gumball tries to get a chocolate bar from a vending machine by putting his hands into the machine and ends up getting stuck in it with a fireman having to cut the machine open; Scene repeats with Gumball sighing but this time he puts money into the vending machine.
Nicole says: "Remember..."
Scene changes to Anais as she has her flashback; Anais holds on a cabinet door in the Wattersons' kitchen as she reaches for a jar of cookies but the door breaks off, causing her to faceplant onto the floor; Scene repeats but now it's Gumball trying to get the jar, he grabs it but the cabinet door breaks off again, causing him to faceplant onto the floor.
Anais says: "Ha ha ha!"
Nicole says: "Remember..."
Scene changes to Richard as he has his flashback; Richard was driving and whistling in his car and sees the red light but instead of pressing the brake, he presses the accelerator, causing the car to speed up and ram into Principal Brown's car; Scene changes back to the present in slow motion with everyone not being fat anymore.
Gumball says: "The brake!"
Darwin says: "The brake!"
Anais says: "The brake!"
Richard says: "The brake!"
Richard presses on the brake and everyone screams while Nicole and Granny Jojo brace themselves; the car stops a few inches from Nicole; everyone laughs and then faints.
Granny Jojo says: "Nicole, I-I-I'm sorry I ever doubted you, you are a good mother."
Nicole says: "It's okay to make mistakes if you learn from them Granny Jojo, now if you'll excuse me, I just need to pass out as well."
Nicole passes out and faceplants into the hood of the car then melts into a blob while Granny Jojo stares in shock; the episode ends.