Where's Gumball?
The episode starts off outside of the Wattersons' house. Two oranges suddenly fly through one of the windows.
Nicole says: "Gumball, stop using my bikini to catapult oranges at your dad!"
On the front porch, water and bubbled soap begins seeping out from under the front door.
Nicole says: "What the..."
Nicole says: "?"
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Nicole says: "When I told you to clean your room, I didn't mean to put everything in the washing machine!"
Cut to the interior of the house, we see things from Nicole's point of view as she climbs the stairs.
Nicole says: "Oh, not a moment's peace around here."
Nicole says: "Oh, where is he now?"
Nicole then opens the bathroom door, where she then finds grape soda in the bathtub, overflowing onto the floor.
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Nicole says: "Why is the bathtub full of soda?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "He must have been trying to make some kind of amazing homemade jacuzzi."
Richard says: "I think it's important to encourage the creativity of a child because..."
Nicole says: "It was you, wasn't it?"
Richard says: "Yes."
Nicole sighs and closes the door. She looks down at the ground, then to her right, where she finds grains of both sand and snow leading to Gumball's room.
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Nicole says: "How did you manage to bring both sand and snow into the house?"
Nicole then looks up at the ceiling, and sees a large hole.
Nicole says: "I'm not even going to ask about that."
Nicole then approaches Gumball's bedroom door.
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Nicole opens the bedroom door, only to find Gumball is not there.
Nicole says: "Gumball?"
Nicole says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Nicole says: "Richard, get the hunting net, he got out again!"
Gumball says: "I'm here."
Nicole then looks down to find a toddler Gumball standing there with a cute smile on his face. The camera cuts back to third-person perspective, where we find a very tired Nicole, who is wearing a nineties styled outfit.
Gumball says: "What's a freak show?"
Nicole says: "It's like our family, but people pay to see it."
Nicole then walks out of the bedroom with Gumball in her arms.
Getting Gumball a Pet.
At the table, Gumball is babbling and moving his arms around at hyper-energetic speed. Nicole and Richard the latter dressed differently, as well as sporting a mustache and goatee are watching him.
Richard says: "Uhnn..."
Richard says: "Ahh!"
Richard says: "That's the twenty-seventh time!"
Nicole says: "I was an energetic kid, but this one operates in a different time frame."
Gumball continues babbling and waving his hands all around his high chair. Richard then points another spoonful of food at him.
Richard says: "EAT!"
Richard says: "By the power of lunch, I command you to eat!"
Richard says: "By the power of lunch, I command you to eat!"
Gumball then stops and his head falls on his baby table.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "I killed his appetite!"
Richard says: "Or maybe worse..."
Nicole says: "Shh!"
Nicole says: "He's finally calmed down!"
Nicole says: "Quick!"
Nicole says: "Sleep while you can!"
The two then fall on the table as well and begin to snore for a few seconds.
Gumball says: "Second wind!"
Nicole and Richard both wake up and groan.
Nicole says: "This can't go on..."
The two think about a way to stop the madness, then they both gasp as they come up with solutions.
Nicole says: "Wait a minute!"
Richard says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Nicole says: "Let's..."
Richard says: "Let's..."
Nicole says: "Get him a pet!"
Richard says: "Go back in time and make sure we never..."
Richard says: "What a good idea we both just had..."
Gumball splatters baby food on their faces.
Cut to later, a goldfish in a bag is lying on the table, as Gumball watches it swim in circles. Nicole and Richard watch him, both looking very tense. Richard looks at his watch.
Richard says: "He hasn't moved in over thirteen seconds."
Nicole says: "And there isn't any alphabet soup on the ceiling."
Both of them then laugh in a sign of relief for a bit, then they stop.
Nicole says: "So what are you gonna call him, sweetie?"
Gumball then looks at his alphabet soup, then shakes it around a bit. Gumball then looks into the bowl.
Gumball says: "Darwin."
The bowl of soup is shown, with the letters spelling "JPXFRD".
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "But that spells "JPXFRD."
Nicole says: "" We really need to get you enrolled in school..."
Scene then cuts to Gumball's room, where Darwin the First is swimming around inside the water-filled bag on Gumball's play table.
Gumball says: "I can see from your serious expression that you ask yourself a lot of important questions."
Gumball says: "Like, "If I ate myself, would I get twice as big, or just disappear?"
Darwin the First floats in place, and only opens his mouth. Nicole and Richard are seen watching Gumball from his doorway.
Nicole says: "Oh, thank goodness, someone else to listen to his questions."
Richard says: "I know, I got a nosebleed thinking about "if there's nothing faster than light, how did the dark get there first?"
They sigh and leave Gumball's bedroom, but as they do, their muscles begin to sag down below their faces.
Nicole says: "My muscles."
Nicole says: "They got all loose..."
Richard says: "What happened to us?"
Nicole says: "I think we just relaxed..."
Nicole says: "for the first time in years..."
Nicole and Richard both laugh again, then collapse onto the floor.
More Darwins.
In Nicole and Richard's bedroom, an alarm clock on Nicole's nightstand goes off at six AM. Nicole wakes up and presses the snooze button, but the alarm does not turn off, so she continues to attempt to turn it off, growing more and more frustrated. As she growls and starts hitting the clock, Richard wakes up and makes a continuous scream. Nicole picks up the clock and smashes it on the table, but finds that even though it is unplugged, the noise persists.
Nicole says: "Why?!"
Nicole says: "!"
The camera pans to the left, revealing Gumball to be standing in their bedroom and making the noise. He continues for a little bit, then finally stops.
Nicole says: "Thank you honey, but don't you have anything else to do?"
Gumball says: "Nope!"
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "He won't wake up."
Gumball says: "He looks like this."
Richard says: "while I get rid of the old orange?"
Richard says: "In fact there is no old orange, there's just one continuous orange."
Richard says: "Okay, bye!"
He leaves the bedroom. Richard, now in Gumball's room, approaches the bowl containing the now dead Darwin the First. He sighs and picks up a fishing net. He is then seen in the bathroom.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
Richard says: "Sweet chariot..."
As he sings, he flushes the toilet to dispose of Darwin the First. Richard then arrives at the pet store and points to the fish he wants. The cash register adds a total of two dollars and fifty cents, and Larry gives Richard the new fish. At home, Gumball looks at Darwin the Second suspiciously.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute..."
Nicole gasps in terror.
Gumball says: "Did you just go to the store wearing that?"
Richard is then seen wearing a leotard, a ski mask, and one roller blade. He and Nicole sigh in relief.
Later on, Gumball is seen jumping on the trampoline, holding Darwin the Second's bowl, unaware of both the fish and the water repeatedly leaving the bowl. Darwin the Second finally lands near Richard and dies almost instantly. Richard tosses his Game Boy Advance handheld aside, panics, then drinks water and spits on Darwin the Second to try and revive him. Richard is then seen in the bathroom, disposing of Darwin the Second just as he did his predecessor.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
The toilet flushes again. Richard then goes to the pet store, chooses a fish, pays, and receives it from Larry, just as before. Darwin the Third is then seen in a shopping cart with Gumball, while Nicole pushes it to the car. Nicole buckles Gumball up, but forgets to take Darwin the Third off the car roof. As she drives off, the bowl falls and shatters. Richard again disposes of Darwin the Third in the bathroom.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
The toilet flushes, and Richard makes a repeat trip to the pet store. Darwin the Fourth is seen, although this fish has black scales. Richard realizes his mistake, then rushes offscreen and comes back with a bucket of orange paint. Just before he dips the brush into the water, he is then seen flushing the toilet again, with the water this time being orange.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
Richard returns to the pet store and buys a fifth fish. He then brings Darwin the Fifth and Gumball to a lake. In the background, Banana Bob and a young Banana Joe are seen fishing. Banana Bob casts his line, and accidentally catches Darwin the Fifth, to which Richard quickly carries away Gumball and an empty fish bowl. Darwin the Fifth then meets the same fate as the others.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
The toilet flushes again, and Richard once again buys another fish. The next morning, Nicole enters the kitchen and sets a glass of water down next to a can of fish flakes and a pack of vitamins. Yawning, the tired Nicole pours the fish flakes into her water, and then drops the vitamin into Darwin the Sixth's bowl. Richard is once again seen in the bathroom, disposing of the dead fish.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
The toilet flushes again, now with purple water. Richard once again purchases another fish. The Wattersons are then seen at the park, when a soccer ball lands behind Darwin the Seventh's fish bowl. A younger Leslie who has not sprouted yet accidentally kicks the fish bowl. Richard later flushes Darwin the Seventh.
Richard says: "Swing low..."
Richard says: "Sweet chariot..."
Larry says: "I'm sorry, there are none left."
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "What do you mean?"
Richard says: "I need a fish now!"
Larry says: "I'm afraid the last two jumped out of the tank when they saw you coming."
Richard says: "Aww..."
Unexpected Last Resort.
Richard sadly walks through the empty mall parking lot and approaches his car, unaware of the van to his right.
Richard says: "What am I gonna do?"
Richard says: "What'll I say to Gumball?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Psst."
Richard says: "The call of a freshly opened soda!"
Van shopkeeper says: "No, over here."
Richard looks to his right, and sees the van right before him.
Richard says: "A talking van!"
Van shopkeeper says: "No..."
Van shopkeeper says: "I'm inside..."
Richard says: "My head?"
Van shopkeeper says: "No!"
Van shopkeeper says: "The van!"
The Shopkeeper then pulls Richard inside the van, and the shot cuts to black. It then fades back in, showing Richard standing amidst the mysterious items inside the van.
Richard says: "Ahh..."
The Shopkeeper then speaks to Richard, with only his eyes visible.
Van shopkeeper says: "What do you seek?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Please choose from the many wondrous items in my store..."
Richard nervously walks past several items, before finally stopping in front of a pedestal with a small fish bowl perched atop a pillow.
Richard says: "What about this?"
Van shopkeeper says: "No, no..."
Van shopkeeper says: "That's not for sale..."
Richard says: "Then why is it on a pillow under a spotlight?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Oh, we- oh, it's part of the game, you insist, I say- oh, whatever, it's a hundred dollars."
Richard says: "Ten."
Van shopkeeper says: "Fifty."
Richard says: "Ten."
Van shopkeeper says: "Okay, ten."
Richard says: "Fifty!"
Van shopkeeper says: "What?"
Richard says: "Okay, a hundred!"
Richard says: "But you're twisting my arm!"
Richard tosses some money towards the Shopkeeper and picks up the bowl. Inside the castle within the bowl, a small Darwin peeks out but quickly hides. He then peeks at Richard again. Richard makes an awkward face, and Darwin imitates it.
Van shopkeeper says: "There's just one thing..."
Van shopkeeper says: "Whatever you do, don't get it wet..."
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "it's a fish."
Van shopkeeper says: "Wait, no, there was something else, uhh..."
Van shopkeeper says: "don't feed it after midnight..."
Richard says: "But it's..."
Richard says: "kinda always after midnight."
Van shopkeeper says: "No, no, no, that wasn't it, there was something..."
Van shopkeeper says: "Well anyway,  be careful."
Van shopkeeper says: "That fish is more special than it seems..."
Gumball and Darwin's First Interaction.
The next day, Gumball is sitting under the kitchen table, viciously playing with dinosaur and shark toys, as Darwin watches.
Gumball says: "Are you..."
Gumball says: "copying me?"
Gumball reaches his finger towards the bowl, which Darwin imitates. The two touch the same spot on the bowl, causing a blinding light to surround both of them. They pull apart, and Gumball jumps, causing his head to hit the table.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Did you..."
Gumball says: "did you feel that?"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, my name is Gumball."
Gumball says: "Gumball."
Darwin sticks his head out of his bowl and speaks.
Darwin says: "Gum..."
Darwin says: "ball..."
Gumball says: "Ah- wait up."
Gumball says: "Um..."
Gumball says: "let's surprise them!"
Gumball says: "Act as dumb as possible, okay?"
Darwin responds by imitating Richard.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "Mommy!"
Gumball says: "You gotta come see this, mom!"
Richard comes into the kitchen and gets a sausage from the refrigerator, but before he can take a bite, he looks over to Darwin and screams, thinking he is dead. Outside, Gumball is trying to bring Nicole inside.
Gumball says: "Mommy, mom, mom!"
Gumball says: "There's something you gotta see, mom!"
Gumball says: "And he..."
Gumball says: "mom, mom, mom come look!"
Nicole says: "Honey, I've been trying to avoid this but, I need to be honest with you."
Nicole says: "Darwin is not the first fish."
Nicole says: "The ones before him, well..."
Nicole says: "."
Nicole says: "they stopped moving which means that they..."
Gumball says: "Are you saying you replaced the fish because they croaked and then Dad flushed them down the toilet?"
Nicole inhales sharply.
Gumball says: "But it's okay 'cause Darwin hasn't stopped moving!"
Gumball says: "Don't move a muscle until I say so."
Gumball leans up.
Gumball says: "DAD, NO!"
Nicole says: "Gumball, it's too late, honey."
Gumball says: "I'm a hyperactive four-year-old!"
Gumball says: "I live on a different time scale!"
Gumball says: "It's never too late!"
Gumball starts running at hyper sonic speed to save Darwin, making everything else appear to be moving super slow. Gumball runs too fast, flies through the roof, and lands in the backyard.
Gumball says: "Too fast."
Gumball runs back to the house and tries to open the bathroom door, but is too small to do so. He groans, grabs a chair from the living room, and tries to take it up the stairs, but he is holding it in a way that it cannot go up the stairs. He flips it around, garnering the same result. He sighs, lifts it upright, and rushes to the bathroom door. As Richard continues to dump Darwin into the toilet, Gumball tries to open the door, but fails to since it is locked.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "STOP!"
Richards yells and drops Darwin in the toilet.
Gumball says: "Darwin, I'll sav-  There."
Gumball says: "You can stop faking now."
Darwin stops acting dead and moves around.
Richard says: "Aw, I'm sorry."
Richard says: "I thought he was deaaaa- asleep!"
Nicole says: "He knows."
Richard sighs with relief as Nicole enters the bathroom through the hole in the door.
A Happy Ending?
Gumball says: "Buddy!"
Gumball says: "I thought I'd lost you!"
Gumball says: "Give me a hug."
Richard says: "I guess that fish was special after all."
Nicole says: "Oh, let's take a picture!"
Gumball says: "Welcome to the Wattersons, Darwin."
Nicole says: "Okay, everybody say "cheese!"
Darwin says: "Cheese!"
Nicole and Richard scream, causing Richard to launch Darwin out of the bowl. Darwin bounces off of the toilet, hits the handle, and falls into the toilet, resulting in him being flushed.
The episode ends on a black screen with text reading "To be continued...".