Late for School.
The episode begins with Darwin preparing for school. He draws on his face, "puts on" his legs, and draws a watch on his wrist. Looking at the time, he is alarmed and runs off to Gumball.
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
Darwin says: "We're gonna be late for school!"
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "I'll get up when the alarm goes off."
Darwin says: "But you've already pressed the snooze button!"
Gumball says: "That was five minutes ago."
Darwin says: "That was an hour ago!"
Darwin says: "Snooze time goes faster than regular time."
Gumball says: "I just found the perfect position."
Darwin pulls the blanket away from Gumball, uncovering his twisted body.
Darwin says: "Dude, you look like you fell from the seventh floor."
Gumball says: "Come on, man."
Gumball says: "Just another minute."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "We're already late."
Darwin says: "Look!"
Darwin carries Gumball to the window, where they see the school bus leave. They both scream, and Gumball becomes wide-awake.
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "What we need is a good excuse."
Gumball says: "We need something embarrassing that Miss Simian totally wouldn't want to know about like "sorry, Miss."
Darwin says: "First of all, don't diss Mexican food, because it rocks."
Darwin says: "Secondly, that looked like "Darwin ate a taco, played a sad song on a keytar, his head exploded, and then he fired lasers out of his fingers."
Gumball says: "That would be a good excuse, though."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "Don't you remember what Simian said?"
Flashback. Back at class, Miss Simian talks to the two.
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "All I remember is that I never noticed before how the top of her head looks like Mount Fuji."
The flashback ends.
Darwin says: "She said  "If you turn up late again, I'll have no choice but to expel you both!"
Gumball says: "EXPEL?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball transforms into his outdoor clothes, Wonder Woman-style.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "How long have we got?"
An omnipresent counter appears above them, starting a countdown to zero from six minutes and two seconds. Gumball and Darwin are surprised by the timer.
Gumball says: "Uh…okay."
Gumball says: "Thanks?"
They walk away, out of their bedroom. Outside though, they find the counter again and scream.
Gumball says: "This is really weird."
Gumball says: "I think we should try and figure out what's causing it."
Darwin says: "Well, I think we should run before we get expelled."
Gumball says: "Let's compromise."
Racing Against Time.
The scene shifts to them running across Elmore town, all the while keeping their eyes on the timer. The timer is unaffected by the transition of the scene. By now, Gumball has zipped and buttoned up his outdoor pants and has fastened up his outdoor belt.
Darwin says: "I can't keep going like this forever."
Darwin says: "We've been running for hours!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, you've gotta be kidding."
Gumball says: "We've been running for five seconds."
Darwin says: "Eh, it just feels longer when you look at the clock."
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "Stop."
Gumball says: "We're not gonna make it on time."
They stop at a bus stop.
Gumball says: "I really don't want to say this, but there's only one solution left: we're gonna have to get..."
Gumball says: "the public bus."
The scene zooms in on Darwin's face, with suspenseful, comically long, dramatic music playing.
Darwin says: "Wait."
Darwin says: "What's so bad about the public bus?"
Gumball says: "It's a zoo in there."
Darwin gasps in delight.
Gumball says: "Not literally."
Darwin says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "It is filled with filthy carnivores, dangerous scavengers, and poisonous reptiles– basically people who don't own a car."
Darwin says: "So, what do we do?"
Gumball says: "Anybody who looks at you sideways, you just drop 'em."
Gumball says: "Like this."
Gumball demonstrates by hitting an attached panel on the bus stop sign. The panel spins around, and knocks Gumball on the head.
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Well, you get the idea."
The bus arrives. A cautious Darwin looks at the Manly Warrior the driver of the bus and sees him looking sideways.
Gumball quickly grabs Darwin's fin, spins him around, and stops his brother, laughing anxiously.
Gumball says: "Dude, he has to."
Gumball says: "He's supposed to look at the road."
Gumball says: "The other ones, you have to worry about."
He indicates the passengers. Gumball and Darwin nod at each other, and while walking to find a seat, they try to intimidate the indifferent passengers. As Gumball passes by, Gary coughs.
Gumball says: "WHAT!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gary says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gary says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "What, as in like whaaa?"
Gary says: "What?"
Alison says: "Sh!"
Gumball says: "What!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball sees Alison Sandra Gator with a bottle of juice.
Gumball grabs the bottle and drinks its contents. In reaction to the juice, he shivers and almost gags.
Gumball says: "What is this?"
Alison says: "Clam juice and tomato."
Gumball refills the bottle with the juice he consumed and gives it back to the old citizen. He and Darwin continue looking for a seat, with Gumball making an "I'm keeping an eye on you" motion to Alison. At the back of the bus, a baby apple accidentally hits Gumball with his rattle. This scares Gumball and makes him pull out all his money and take off his shirt.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "Please take everything."
Gumball says: "Please, I beg you!"
The baby apple laughs, and Gumball sees all the passengers staring at him.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, everyone."
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "My brother had some very suburban preconceptions about what the city bus was like, and he behaved like a complete dipstick."
Darwin hits Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Uh, so yeah."
Gumball says: "Can someone please tell us how long it will take to get to Elmore High?"
Alison says: "This bus is going to Richwood."
Gumball says: "WHAT!"
Darwin says: "WHAT!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "?"
Darwin says: "We're running out of time!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to jump off the bus."
The bus doors open.
Gumball says: "Whohohohohokay."
Gumball says: "So how bad would it really be if we got expelled from school?"
Darwin says: "Well, we will probably never get a job, slowly drift away from society, live in the sewers, eat toxic waste, mutate and end up in a freak show with fingers instead of teeth."
Gumball says: "Can someone push us off the bus, please?"
Alison says: "With pleasure."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
He pushes a button which makes the bus stop.
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "Not everything has to end in some mad stunt."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Now, you can push us off."
Alison says: "With pleasure."
Gumball and Darwin are pushed off the side of a bridge, slowly and painfully fall down the side of a cliff, and land at the back of a pickup truck. They end up in a pile of junk in the desert. Gumball sardonically and slowly claps for Darwin.
Darwin says: "Dude, that was your idea."
Gumball says: "You don't have time for the blame game."
Darwin says: "You're right!"
Darwin says: "We've only got three minutes to make it to school!"
Gumball says: "Thinking about it, how did we get so far in the desert in only four seconds?"
The counter adjusts itself, and leaves them with only two minutes.
Gumball says: "You just couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you?"
Gumball says: "You just had to mention it!"
Darwin says: "You mentioned it!"
Gumball pinches Darwin.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "I know."
Darwin says: "Blame game."
Gumball says: "To be honest, one minute doesn't really make any sense either."
Darwin says: "Yes."
Darwin says: "If it only takes four minutes to get here, then it only takes one minute to get back to town."
Gumball says: "…Hm."
A Minute Left.
They get down, and arrive back in Elmore with only a minute to spare.
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "We still have one minute left to get to school!"
Darwin says: "We still have one minute left to get to school!"
Gumball says: "Wait, one minute doesn't help."
Darwin says: "What do we do!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "We use the fastest way to get from one point to another."
The scene shows Darwin running, while Gumball tries to do some parkour.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Parkour!"
Gumball says: "It's the fastest way to get from A to B."
They continue on their journey, and Gumball struggles to do more parkour moves. He comes across Miss Simian in her car.
Gumball hits her car.
Lucy Simian says: "Hey!"
Lucy Simian says: "Why aren't you two at school?"
Gumball then slides through the hood and runs off.
Lucy Simian says: "Ha."
Lucy Simian says: "You're gonna be late."
Lucy Simian says: "I've got you this time!"
Miss Simian starts her car and drives. She catches up with them easily.
Darwin says: "Gumball, come on!"
Gumball says: "Faster!"
Gumball and Darwin quicken their pace. With Mr. Small in their way, Darwin avoids him just in time, but Gumball does not. He hits him, and flies towards the screen, breaking it and stopping the timer at only seven seconds.
Frozen in Time.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin sees Mr. Small suspended in the air, mid-fall, and other inhabitants of the town the pigeons, Harold, Martin all frozen. All of Elmore, the world, and the whole universe are frozen in time.
Darwin says: "Um… what just happened?"
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "I think we just broke time!"
They snicker, and laugh.
Gumball says: "We never have to worry about time again!"
Darwin says: "We never have to worry about time again!"
They start dancing. Gumball passes by Martin, plops Martin's ice cream on his head, and puts his dog in place of his ice cream. Gumball comes across Sal Left Thumb carrying the Hexagon Lady's bag, with Gary watching in surprise. Gumball makes it so that Gary looks like he beat up Sal Left Thumb, and Hexagon Lady looks lovestruck.
Darwin says: "Dude, we're superheroes!"
Gumball puts lipstick on Gary.
Darwin says: "Right."
Darwin says: "I guess we're still above average."
Gumball pulls down Gary's pants.
Darwin says: "I guess we're more like okay."
They laugh, and hop off. The scene switches to them trying to throw candy into Pantsbully's open mouth.
Darwin says: "Come on, dude."
Gumball says: "Alright, one last time."
Gumball throws one last candy ball which bounces around Pantsbully's mouth. It shoots right in. As Gumball and Darwin cheer, a tooth comes out.
Darwin says: "We can't leave him like that."
Gumball grabs the tooth and tries to replace it. He ends up pushing the tooth far too deep into the gums.
Gumball says: "Uh, hold on."
Gumball says: "I'll just try to dislodge it."
Gumball slaps Pantsbully's back repeatedly, until he falls. His mouth gets stuck on a fire hydrant.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Hold on."
He pulls Pantsbully's arm, but accidentally pulls it off.
Darwin says: "Maybe it's best just to leave him at that, and apologize."
Gumball puts the arm back and leaves a note with "sorry" on it. They leave and go to Ripley 2000.
Darwin says: "Wait, dude."
Darwin says: "It's my turn!"
Gumball says: "What're you gonna do?"
Darwin sticks his nose on the finger of a sign and laughs.
Gumball says: "Darwin, that sign's always frozen."
Gumball says: "You could do that anytime."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah?"
Darwin says: "Well, what would you suggest?"
Gumball says: "How about we go read Captain Punch without getting thrown out of the store?"
They dance their way in, and Gumball takes a comic. He opens it immediately, causing it to burst into flames. He and Darwin scream, and he throws it down the floor.
Gumball says: "What the what happened!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Dude, we're frozen in time."
Darwin says: "Think how fast you just turned that page."
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "You know what's not flammable?"
Darwin says: "Yup."
Gumball says: "I was sort of hoping you would say "no, what?"
Gumball says: "" so I could say "video games!"
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Darwin says: "No, what?"
Gumball inhales to speak.
Darwin says: "Video games!"
Gumball says: "Forget it!"
Gumball tries to turn on a computer monitor.
Darwin says: "I think we're actually faster than electricity."
Gumball says: "What does that mean?"
Darwin says: "It means no TV, no video games, no internet!"
Gumball says: "We have to start that clock again!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "That only gives us seven seconds to get back to class!"
Gumball says: "I thought I'd never say this, but we have to get back to school!"
Time Traveling.
They arrive at Elmore Junior High, and enter their classroom.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "We just have to set the clock back to zero, and everything will be fine."
Gumball says: "Spin it!"
Darwin starts the timer but accidentally spins it too far. They arrive somewhere in the far future, amongst a pile of wreckage with an expanded sun.
Gumball says: "Uh, dude, I think you spun it too far."
The sun explodes.
Gumball says: "Uh, let's go back a little."
Gumball spins the timer back in time but inadvertently sends them to the big bang. While holding their breath, Gumball is nodded at by Darwin to spin the timer again. In prehistoric Earth, an ape climbs up a high point of a cliff and strives to stand up on only two legs. As it is cheered on by other apes, Gumball and Darwin appear at the tip of the point, knocking down the ape and scaring it away.
Gumball says: "What's his problem?"
Darwin says: "Spin it again."
They travel to the present.
Gumball says: "Aaand stop!"
He stops the timer on zero as the school bell rings.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "We're early!"
Their classmates walk in on all fours.
Anton says: "So, did you do your homework?"
Tobias says: "Nah."
Tobias says: "I can't be bothered writing with my mouth."
Gumball and Darwin are shocked.
Gumball says: "The monkey."
Darwin says: "The monkey."
Darwin brings them back to the monkey, just before it stands upright. They hide behind the cliff point.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "We're about to appear."
Gumball says: "We have to stop ourselves from pushing that monkey."
They rush to the tip, and push away duplicates of themselves off the cliff just as they appear.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "We didn't think this through!"
Gumball says: "If our past selves get iced, it means our now selves will never exist!"
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "It means we'll disappear into nothingness."
The duplicates fly back up, and land near the original duo.
Gumball says: "Uh, how did that happen?"
A third pair of duplicates emerges from the cliff point's side.
Gumball 3 says: "We just put a trampoline at the bottom of the cliff."
Gumball says: "Aw."
Gumball says: "Why didn't I think of that?"
A fourth pair emerges.
Darwin 4 says: "But you did."
Gumball 4 says: "Just not the first time."
Another pair appears with wounds.
Gumball 5 says: "Yeah."
Gumball 5 says: "First we built a mattress with whatever was around."
Gumball 4 says: "What's wrong with that?"
Gumball 5 says: "There's only rocks around here."
A sixth pair appears with food and drinks.
Gumball 5 says: "What're you guys doing here?"
Gumball 6 says: "We're here to watch the fight."
Gumball 4 says: "What fight?"
Gumball 6 says: "The one about who gets to go back to the present."
All but the sixth duo blink and start fighting. The latter duo laughs, and goes back to the present. However, they find that their classmates have become evolved versions of themselves. Gumball brings them back to the past.
Gumball says: "Hey, stop it!"
Gumball says: "None of you should be here anyway."
Gumball says: "It's a time paradox."
All other Gumball says: "Oh yeah."
Darwins says: "Oh yeah."
They simultaneously disappear. The watching apes start to worship the remaining pair.
Gumball says: "Why do I have a feeling this is gonna be bad news?"
He brings them to an alternate timeline where they are at the top of a temple, being worshiped. A crowd gasps.
Sarah says: "The saviors have returned!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "The prophecy was true!"
The crowd cheers.
Gumball says: "What do you know?"
Gumball says: "We're deities."
They bask in the crowd's praises.
Sarah says: "Thank you!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Thank you!"
Girl says: "Thank you so much!"
Gumball says: "Uh… thank you for what?"
Lucy Simian says: "For your sacrifice!"
Gumball and Darwin frantically spin the timer. They later appear in another alternate timeline where everyone is obese. Among their several attempts to fix the past, they come across timelines where their classmates speak German.
Sarah says: "Ich mag in die Disco gehen!"
Tobias​ says: "Keine Geschwindigkeitsbegrenzung auf der Autobahn!"
Gumball and Darwin then go into a timeline where everyone has two heads, where everyone is large, upside down, and where they have tongues with mouths and no pupils. They finally arrive at a seemingly normal timeline.
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "This looks suspiciously normal."
They blink vertically.
Gumball says: "I can live with that."
The episode ends.