At Joyful Burger.
The episode starts with the Wattersons at Joyful Burger in the mall.
Gumball says: "Look at me."
Gumball says: "What do you see?"
Gumball says: "I'm still a child."
Gumball says: "Nothing in my life has been decided yet."
Gumball says: "I am free."
Gumball says: "I haven't sold out to a job I hate, I don't have to be part of this dirty rat race that ruined the world chasing money I don't need to buy stuff I don't want, I'm free to make my own choices!"
Gumball says: "So yes, Larry, I will have fries with that."
Nicole says: "Sorry, it's just another phase."
Nicole says: "Last week, he only wanted to eat food he hunted himself."
Anais says: "He broke down when he had to chop the baby carrots."
Gumball says: "Are you implying I don't live up to my own beliefs?"
Anais says: "Do you know what implying means?"
Gumball says: "No."
Anais says: "Then yes."
Nicole says: "Stop making fun of your brother's principles."
Nicole says: "He might take it as a challenge and make our lives a nightmare."
Larry says: "So that's three kids' meals, a salad, and forty-seven double cheeseburgers."
Nicole says: "Forty-seven?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Richard!"
Richard says: "Relax!"
Richard says: "I asked for Swiss cheese."
Richard says: "It's healthier."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "How?"
Richard says: "It's got holes in it."
Nicole says: "Let's make that one cheeseburger and some carrot sticks."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "If you don't feed me properly, how do you expect me to keep my six-pack?"
Darwin says: "Your what?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "You'll miss this when it's gone."
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Nicole look surprised and grossed out at Richard's "six-pack".
Larry says: "That's seventeen bucks, fifteen cents."
Nicole says: "Uh-huh."
Nicole hands her credit card over to Larry, who then swipes the card through the ATM, which then buzzes.
Larry says: "I'm sorry, the card has been declined."
Larry says: "It says "insufficient funds."
Nicole says: "I don't understand."
Nicole says: "There should be money on that card."
Nicole says: "Where's it all gone?"
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "I don't want to point the finger, but..."
Anais says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "What did you do with the money?"
Richard says: "Well, I did what all the business sharks do to avoid getting taxed."
Richard says: "I transferred it to an off-shore bank account."
Nicole says: "Richard, what exactly have you done with my-- I'm sorry, our-- No, wait, actually, my money?"
Richard says: "Like I said, I put it off-shore."
Flashback to when Richard threw a suitcase full of money off the shore of a dock.
Richard says: "But not before converting it into gold."
The flashback continues and ends with the suitcase sinking into the sea. Back in the present, Nicole gets furious. Her eyes start to glow and her muscles grow bigger.
Darwin says: "Step back!"
Darwin says: "She's gonna severely reprimand him!"
Nicole roars at Richard.
Richard says: "Don't worry, kids!"
Richard says: "I'll calm her down with my irresistible charm!"
Richard grabs his belly again, but this time, he forms it in the shape of a heart, which calms Nicole down immediately. She turns back to her normal self.
Nicole says: "We're broke."
The family starts crying.
Nicole says: "Wait, we can't afford the water bills now."
Nicole says: "This is all we got."
Nicole says: "Drink up."
The family drinks the water from their tears from the floor.
Larry says: "Okay, there might be a less gross solution."
Larry says: "We're filming a commercial for Joyful Burger in here later."
Nicole says: "So?"
Larry says: "So, you guys are the ideal Joyful Burger family."
Nicole says: "What do you mean?"
Larry says: "Not too attractive, not too intelligent, totally dysfunctional, you guys have got it all!"
Larry says: "And,  you'll get pa-aid!"
Nicole says: "Where do we sign?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We're not gonna let ourselves be reduced to some clichés for a quick corporate buck!"
Gumball says: "We're the Wattersons, and we don't sell out."
Larry says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "I symbolically burned it."
Gumball says: "Because I'm not allowed to use a real lighter."
The family, except Gumball, walks away, leaving Joyful Burger.
Gumball says: "Wait, are you guys already convinced?"
Gumball says: "I haven't even done my rant about how the little fish got together and they..."
Gumball throws the contract in the air, which Larry catches. Gumball catches up with the family, so his dialogue gets quieter.
At Home.
Cut to a view of the Wattersons' house that night. Gumball suddenly screams and the family runs to the kitchen, where Gumball is.
Nicole says: "Now what?"
Gumball says: "The fridge!"
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "There's nothing in here."
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "Where's all the food?"
Nicole says: "Gumball, you were the one who wanted us to keep our dignity and not sell out."
Nicole says: "This is what happens when you can't buy things."
Nicole says: "You don't have things."
Gumball says: "Then why did you all listen to me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "Because no matter how hard it is for me to admit, you were..."
Anais says: "Darwin, you tell him."
Anais says: "It's making me gag."
Darwin says: "What she's trying to say is, you're right."
Darwin says: "We shouldn't sell out."
Gumball says: "Funny, I thought victory tasted sweeter."
Darwin says: "What does it taste like?"
Gumball tries to think of what victory tastes like, but Richard sticks his finger into Gumball's mouth and sticks it into his own mouth to try to "taste" victory before Gumball can say anything.
Richard says: "Kinda like hunger."
Everyone sighs. Then, Richard moves his hand to get another taste of victory but Gumball slaps it away. He does this a second time, and gets slapped again.
Gumball says: "Look, we might have run out of food, but we've still got each other."
Everyone hugs each other. As they are doing so, the electricity goes out. The kids scream when this happens.
Richard says: "Hey, let's not panic."
Richard says: "I'm sure there's a perfectly rational explanation for this."
Richard says: "We've just been kidnapped and we're all wearing blindfolds."
The kids scream again.
Nicole says: "Guys, stop!"
Nicole says: "It's because we haven't paid the electric bill."
Nicole says: "There's no power."
Nicole says: "We may as well just go to bed."
Everyone goes to bed, but since there is no power, they cannot see where they are going; random cars drive by the house, their headlights illuminating the house briefly four times. The first time this happens, we see the family trying to walk out of the kitchen but not actually moving; the second time, we see the family stuck in a doorway; The third time, they try to walk up the stairs, but Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard do not move, even though they are trying to walk; Darwin mistakes the rest of the family for the stairway and falls; the fourth time, everyone is in the bathroom, getting ready, but everyone takes the wrong part of the bathroom; Gumball uses the toilet as the sink, Darwin uses the sink as the toilet, Anais uses a shoelace as dental floss, Nicole uses the toothpaste as face mascara and Richard uses the toilet brush as a toothbrush; the cars finally stop driving by after the bathroom part of the scene.
Nicole says: "There you go, all tucked up tight."
Nicole says: "Good night, kids."
Gumball says: "Night, mom!"
Darwin says: "Night, mom!"
Anais says: "Night, mom!"
A car drives by one more time to show the kids' room empty.
Repossession.
Fade in to a shot of the kids sleeping on the roof. Darwin is sleeping in a glass vase, Gumball is sleeping with newspapers as blankets and Anais is sleeping under a garbage bag. Gumball wakes up and falls onto the couch, which is being repossessed.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "What's going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Don't worry, honey."
Nicole says: "It's just our stuff getting repossessed."
Nicole says: "BY THESE LOW-LIFE, BOTTOM-FEEDING, UNDER-EDUCATED, UNHYGIENIC, SLIMY, NO-NECK, TOXIC, TRIPLE-CHINNED, OXYGEN-WASTING, CRUDE, GUTLESS, FOUL-SMELLING, BUCK-TOOTHED, CORRUPT, FELONIOUS, DISGRACEFUL, DISEASE-RIDDEN, BULL-LEGGED, YELLOW-BELLY, BACK-STABBING, GHOULISH, VULGAR, DESPICABLE, WORM-HEADED, WORTHLESS STAINS!!!"
Gumball says: "Mom, what are you doing?"
Nicole says: "Probably going too far."
The Dolphin Man throws Gumball out of the sofa, while another one of the repo men carries the TV out of the house.
Nicole says: "That TV's broken."
Butterknife says: "Is it?"
Nicole kicks the TV, knocking the Butterknife back as well.
Nicole says: "It is now."
Another repo man slowly steps towards her.
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "Ma'am?"
Nicole says: "WHAAAT?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "I've been sent to repossess your car."
Nicole's eyes glow and her muscles grow bigger again.
Richard says: "Hey, I've got a hundred bucks for the car!"
Nicole says: "Only a hundred?"
Nicole says: "But that car was worth far more than that!"
Richard says: "Well, you know how things depreciate in value."
Nicole says: "Richard, how much could it have depreciated in the time it took to drive from here to the car dealer?"
Richard says: "Well, I found a dollar in the glove compartment, so I went to that new drive-thru convenience store."
Gumball says: "The convenience store isn't a drive-thru."
Flashback from a surveillance camera where Richard crashes into the convenience store.
Richard says: "Heh!"
Richard says: "It is now."
Richard says: "Anyways, this is all I could get for it at the junkyard."
Gumball and Nicole facepalm. Richard does the same thing a second later, and the Spray-Paint Bottle takes the one-hundred dollar bill from him and runs off.
Times Are Hard.
Cut to shots of the Watterson's house, now stripped of its furniture. After that, cut to a shot of the family. Richard's stomach growls.
Gumball says: "Look, guys."
Gumball says: "I get it."
Gumball says: "Times are hard."
Gumball says: "But we have something that they can never take away from us."
Gumball says: "The dishwasher!"
Gumball says: "We could sell it and—"
Anais says: "They took that."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "How?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "The whole thing was built in!"
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "how about..."
Gumball says: "Can they take that?"
Everyone else sighs.
Gumball says: "Then what's to stop us from sitting on our imaginary sofa?"
Gumball says: "It's sweeter than the most expensive cola!"
Gumball says: "Just imaginate along with me and I'll imaginate with you!"
Gumball says: "Imaginate the things you want and we'll imaginate them true!"
Gumball says: "Just imaginate a private jet that comes with its very own private crew, or imaginate your favorite pet and it's a pony just for you."
Anais says: "Gumball, "imaginate" is not a word."
Gumball says: "Imaginate a swimming pool full of hundred dollar bills!"
Gumball says: "Imaginate a mansion too, up in the Hollywood hills!"
Gumball says: "Just imaginate cosmetic surgery to make you look eighteen!"
Gumball says: "​Imaginate a butler who will treat you like the Queen of England!"
Anais says: ""Imaginate" is still not a word."
Gumball says: "Just dream with me."
Nicole says: "I imaginate a ninja kicks your butt!"
Gumball gets beaten, gains black eyes as his family gets angry at him.
Richard says: "I imaginate you're tasered in the gut!"
Gumball gets "shocked" twice.
Darwin says: "I imaginate your head is full of pus!"
Gumball's head swells, eyes become red.
Anais says: "And I imaginate you get hit by a bus!"
Gumball gets "run over".
Anais says: "Darn it!"
Anais says: "I said "imaginate"."
Gumball says: "OK, OK, I get the message."
Gumball says: "But you did all agree we shouldn't sell out."
Darwin says: "You know, Gumball, advertising is not necessarily selling out."
Darwin says: "It can be done in a discreet and tasteful manner."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Who are you talking to?"
Anais says: "I think what Darwin is trying to say is that advertising doesn't need to feel forced or fake."
Anais says: "It can be done in a subtle and natural way."
Anais hops to the side of the screen, revealing a Joyful Burger poster behind her.
Richard says: "Just because you take their money doesn't mean you're a corporate puppet with no voice of your own."
Gumball says: "Look, whatever it is you're trying to say, it's not gonna work."
Nicole says: "How about we do it in another country?"
Nicole says: "Nobody will ever know."
Cut to an over-the-top Japanese Joyful Burger ad.
Nicole says: "Joifuru Baagaa, oishī!"
Nicole says: "Sugoi, tokomoshi dakara!"
Nicole says: "Tabete, tabete tabete!"
Nicole says: "Joifuru Baagaa, daisuki!"
Back in the real world, Nicole is making the same pose as in the commercial.
Nicole says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Come on, guys!"
Gumball says: "We have to keep our credibility!"
Gumball says: "It's all we have left!"
Gumball says: "There's nothing else we can lose!"
Cut to a view of the Watterson's entire house being taken away. One of the men who repossessed the furniture earlier drags a grass "rug" off of the family's feet.
Gumball says: "Well, we lost everything, but hey!"
Gumball says: "At least we stayed true to ourselves."
Gumball says: "We're still the Wattersons."
Gumball suddenly loses all of his color.
Darwin says: "What's going on?"
Anais says: "What's going on?"
Nicole says: "What's going on?"
Richard says: "What's going on?"
Gumball says: "I guess it's like what people say!"
Gumball says: "Without money, you're nothing."
Anais says: "Yeah, literally."
Gumball says: "What's wrong with your mouth?"
Anais says: "I don't know!"
Anais says: "What's wrong with his face?"
Darwin appears similar to a crudely-drawn pencil drawing.
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "What are we going to do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
The background suddenly starts to disintegrate, causing some of its polygons to disappear.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "Actually, I think it's way worse than that."
Gumball says: "When you don't have money, your whole world falls apart!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Nicole says: "OK, the time for principle is over."
Nicole says: "We're going to Joyful Burger and we're going to do that ad!"
Getting to Joyful Burger.
The family is running to Joyful Burger when they start to lose their color and their animation decreases.
Gumball says: "Come on, we're not gonna make it in ti-ME!"
The family falls before Gumball can complete his sentence, revealing they have become sketch stills.
Richard says: "How do we get there!"
Richard says: "?"
Richard says: "And how am I saying this!"
Richard says: "?"
Gumball says: "Let's take the bus!"
The family gets in the bus.
Gumball says: "Rocky!"
Gumball says: "We need to get to the mall so we can sell out and make a load of cash!"
Rocky says: "Oh, sure."
The bus starts moving but the glitching begins to infect the bus and everything it comes in contact with. The Wattersons scream as the bus glitches out of control but their screams are temporarily switched to lovely-sounding tweeting birds as the sound begins to cut in and out as well. The bus then glitches into the air before falling back down smoothly, phasing through the ground. The bus then hits Doughnut Sheriff and Mr. Robinson who were glitched as well.
Donut Sheriff says: "Arrrgh!!!"
Gaylord says: "ROAD HOoOoGGS!!!"
The bus continues to glitch and the Wattersons continue to scream as the bus begins to break down. The sound begins to drop in quality as well.
Gumball says: "We need to get out of here!"
The family jumps out of the bus as it continues to disintergrate to nothing. The family then runs towards the mall.
Nicole says: "We got to sign that contract before there is nothing left of Elmore!"
The environment then immediately switches from a barely 3D environment to a storyboard as the Wattersons are running through the Mall Parking lot.
Richard says: "We're..."
Richard says: "almost..."
Richard says: "there!"
Gumball says: "Are you sure?"
Gumball says: "Cos' it doesn't look like we're moving."
The panels then begin to speed up as the Wattersons are apparently moving faster than before.
Darwin says: "AAARGH!"
Darwin says: "Too faaast!!!"
Gumball says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH!!!"
Darwin says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH!!!"
Anais says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH!!!"
Nicole says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH!!!"
Richard says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH!!!"
Their speed boosts up, which allows them to break through the storyboard panel borders and tear through the entrance of the mall. After they crash through the door, the environment is reduced to a hand-drawn background and the Wattersons become sticky notes.
Gumball says: "Where's Joyful Burger?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole's arm is suddenly erased.
Nicole says: "AAAAAAAHHH!!!!"
Nicole says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "I meant that way."
The Wattersons run into Joyful Burger, now crude post-it note drawings.
Nicole says: "We'll do the commercial!"
Larry says: "Then hurry up before it's too late!"
The Wattersons, except Gumball, all sign the contract, causing their animation and the environment to revert back to normal, while Gumball remains a sticky note.
Nicole says: "Quick, Gumball!"
Richard says: "Come on, sign it!"
The camera cuts to Gumball, still a post-it note drawing. He grabs the pencil on the contract.
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Are we really going to become clichés of ourselves just to sell a few burgers?"
Gumball says: "Isn't there a way to survive in this world without selling out?"
Gumball says: "Not everything has a price!"
Gumball says: "Some things are more precious than money!"
Gumball says: "Like dignity!"
Gumball says: "Freedom!"
Gumball says: "Love!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, Larry, but you could have all the money in the world and you still couldn't afford the Wattersons!"
Larry says: "Mm-hmm..."
Larry says: "This is what they're paying."
Larry shows Gumball the contract, which presumably shows the amount of money they will be paid on it. Gumball stares at it blankly for a few seconds before the screen cuts to a TV.
The Joyful Burger Commercial.
Gumball says: "Mom, I got an "F" in math!"
Nicole says: "But..."
Nicole says: "why?"
Gumball says: "Dad ate my homework!"
Gumball says: "Again!"
Richard says: "But Anais said it had pie in it!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "I meant pi!"
Anais says: "As in math!"
Nicole says: "Alright, alright!"
Nicole says: "You know what I think we need?"
Richard, Anais and Gumball all gasp.
Commercial Singer says: "Some days you wanna take it easy and free, with some country goodness for your family!"
Commercial Singer says: "Kick on back and smile for a while, have a Joyful Burger, do it in style!"
The family stands in front of Joyful Burger as Darwin beatboxes towards them, walking backwards.
Darwin says: "Finally, a place I can call home!"
Darwin says: "Thank you Joyful Burger!"
The family fake laughs as the Joyful Burger logo shows up on the screen.
Episode ends.