The Rear End.
Lucy Simian says: "Now, pay attention!"
Lucy Simian says: "This diagram reveals everything you need to know—"
Class says: "Augh!"
Lucy Simian says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Oh, nothing, nothing, carry on..."
Lucy Simian says: "Hm."
Lucy Simian says: "Now we shall continue."
Lucy Simian says: "This area is—"
Class says: "Augh!"
Lucy Simian says: "What?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Miss Simian turns back to the board. As she does, Penny uses a book to shield her view.
Lucy Simian says: "This area is mostly composed of hot gases."
Lucy Simian says: "Never look at it directly with your naked eye, or you will burn your retinas."
Tobias turns around with burning eyes.
Lucy Simian says: "This could lead to rash acts..."
Banana Joe throws his eyes off of his face.
Lucy Simian says: "Nausea..."
Masami vomits rainbows, William falls down.
Lucy Simian says: "Weight loss..."
Leslie's petals fall out.
Lucy Simian says: "Malfunction, confusion..."
Bobert shorts out, Sarah's head melts, and Sussie regurgitates a brown liquid.
Lucy Simian says: "Or explosion."
Idaho blows up.
Gumball says: "Oh, I can't take this anymore!"
Darwin says: "Every second I look at it, means another year of therapy!"
Gumball says: "Augh, I—"
Gumball says: "I gotta tell her, man!"
Darwin says: "You can't talk to a teacher about her tushy!"
Darwin says: "It's too touchy!"
Gumball says: "Aw, c'mon."
Gumball says: "You can't leave her like that."
Gumball says: "It—"
Gumball says: "It's cruel."
Darwin Okay, but we got to be subtle. Writes something down on paper, and hands it to Gumball. Gumball then folds it into a paper plane.
Gumball says: "Psst!"
Gumball says: "Miss Simian!"
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
At the Principal's Office.
Lucy Simian says: "You are nothing but a pair of disruptive, disrespectful delinquents from a dysfunctional dynasty of degenerates and dimwits!!"
Nigel Brown says: "What have you got to say in your defense?"
Gumball says: "Uh, it was an accident, sir!"
Gumball says: "We were trying to tell her something!"
Nigel Brown says: "Tell her what?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, uh, I..."
Gumball says: "I can't say it."
Gumball says: "It's too embarrassing."
Nigel Brown says: "For the last time, why did you throw a paper plane at your teacher's face?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Darwin says: "It says it all on the paper."
Nigel Brown says: ""You do not know how much you show, but the wind doth blow in the hills below?"
Nigel Brown says: ""..."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Lucy Simian says: "Speaking of which, can anyone else feel that draft?"
Miss Simian walks away to close the window. The screen zooms in on her butt. Principal Brown then spits out his beverage while giving himself a facepalm for an extended period of time. He stops for a brief moment, but then immediately goes back to spitting coffee.
Darwin says: "Maybe you should say something."
Nigel Brown says: "Yes, I suppose."
Principal Brown walks to Miss Simian, and whispers something into her ear.
Lucy Simian says: "You knew about this, and you thought it was funny, didn't you?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin simultaneously shake their heads.
Lucy Simian says: "YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, please."
Nigel Brown says: "I think you owe them an apology."
Lucy Simian says: "Don't you "Lucy" me, Nigel!"
Lucy Simian says: "These kids tried to make a monkey out of me, and you want me to apologize?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, you kids are free to go."
Gumball and Darwin leave.
Miss Simian goes "ape" and throws furniture around, while making monkey sounds. Gumball and Darwin listen to Miss Simian's rampage outside Brown's office.
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "There's one thing I don't understand."
Darwin says: "Yeah, why did she go ape when we just tried to help her?"
Gumball says: "No, why do monkeys have hair all over their bodies, except for the ugly part where they need it the most?"
Bell rings.
The Forgery.
Gumball says: "Have you noticed that Miss Simian has been acting a little "off" lately?"
Darwin says: "Now that you mention it, she has been keeping a particularly close eye on us."
Screen pans out showing Miss Simian's eyeballs stretched toward Gumball and Darwin. The two then try to make their way out the classroom, when they are greeted by Miss Simian's outstretched hand. Gumball slaps Miss Simian's hand, as if giving a high-five.
Lucy Simian says: "Report card."
Lucy Simian says: "Signed."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Miss Simian swipes the card, glances at the signature and chuckles to herself. Gumball and Darwin join in nervously. They continue laughing until Miss Simian abruptly stops and so do the boys.
In the Principal's Office 2.
Lucy Simian says: "It's the most pathetic, half-baked, attempt at forgery I've seen in my three-hundred-thousand years as a teacher, and I've taught during the Stone Age!"
Richard says: "What does it mean?"
Lucy Simian says: "Faking your signature."
Richard gasps again.
Nigel Brown says: "We need you to sign this suspension card."
Gumball says: "Oh, but—"
Richard says: "Buh, buh, buh!"
Richard signs the card; Principal Brown looks at the signature to see that it is the exact same one on the report card; Scene skips to Principal Brown's office trashed, with only Miss Simian and Principal Brown in it; Miss Simian is crying.
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, listen, these kids are decent children."
Nigel Brown says: "There's nothing you can suspend them for."
Nigel Brown says: "They don't fight, they respect school property, they don't steal."
The Money.
Cut to the library. Gumball and Darwin find a one-hundred dollar bill on the floor.
Gumball and Darwin says: "Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Lucy Simian says: "C'mon, pick it up and keep it for yourselves, you thieving hoodlums."
Gumball says: "We're rich!"
Darwin says: "We're prosperous!"
Gumball says: "We're opulent!"
Darwin says: "We're flush!"
Gumball says: "We're gilded!"
Darwin says: "We're wealthy!"
Gumball says: "We're—"
Gumball says: "wait a minute."
Gumball says: "We need to change our phone numbers and leave town!"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Because they're all gonna want a piece of it."
Darwin says: "Who?"
Gumball says: "Everyone!"
Gumball says: "Look at all trying to get their creepy hands on my money!"
Leslie walks by, creeped out.
Darwin says: "Gumball, you've changed!"
Gumball says: "No, I haven't!"
Gumball says: "I'm just the same, but happier, because I'm RICH!"
Darwin says: "Look at yourself!"
Darwin says: "You're surrounded by all these riches, but you're the loneliest man in the world!"
Gumball says: "You're—"
Gumball says: "You're right!"
Gumball says: "This money is evil!"
Gumball says: "I wish I never found it!"
The Fight.
Gumball and Darwin are eating lunch outside.
Gumball says: "Mm."
Gumball says: "Have you heard?"
Gumball says: "There's gonna be a big fight!"
Darwin says: "Why do you think I brought the popcorn?"
Darwin says: "Who do you think it'll be?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "Imagine if it's Tina and Bobert!"
Cutaway of Bobert and Tina shooting lasers at each other.
Gumball says: "If I saw that, I'd throw away my eyes, because nothing else in the world will be worth watching anymore."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "What about  ALAN VERSUS WILLIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Cutaway of Alan and William bumping into each other.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I'd watch it, but it'd be better if it were in a cage."
A cage appears in the cutaway.
Darwin says: "With spikes."
Spikes appear in cutaway.
Gumball says: "That was on fire."
Cage gets lit on fire. William and Alan bump each other quickly and nervously.
Gumball says: "Oh, I can't wait to see who it is!"
The students form a crowd around Gumball and Darwin.
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Students says: "Fight!"
Lucy Simian says: "See?"
Lucy Simian says: "Look at them, about to fight like animals!"
Nigel Brown says: "Why not focus your attention on someone who really needs it?"
Lucy Simian says: "Shush."
Lucy Simian says: "It's about to start."
Gumball says: "Dude, what are we doing?"
Darwin says: "Stupid things because of peer pressure."
Alan​​​​ says: "This would be even better with poison nunchucks."
Darwin says: "You gotta get us out of this."
Gumball says: "Okay, hold on, I got it."
Gumball says: "People of Elmore!"
Gumball says: "You came to see a fight, and until a few seconds ago, I was just like you!"
Gumball says: "But now that I know I'm the one who's supposed to get hit, I discovered something!"
Gumball says: "Fighting is wrong!"
Gumball says: "This is no way to settle a dispute."
Gumball says: "Because after all, what's more powerful?"
Gumball says: "This..."
The crowd starts clapping while Miss Simian starts banging on the window.
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, what's wrong?"
Nigel Brown says: "Speak!"
Lucy Simian says: "This isn't at all what I had planned!"
Nigel Brown says: "Please don't tell me you're the one who arranged this fight."
Miss Simian starts to go "ape"; scene skips to Principal Brown sighing while lowering his head to the floor of his wrecked office.
Consulting.
Miss Simian is seen at the museum talking to someone.
Lucy Simian says: "I know we haven't spoken in a long time, but I need your advice."
Lucy Simian says: "Is it really wrong to create false evidence to frame some criminals who you know for sure are definitely, absolutely, without a single shadow of a doubt, guilty?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Camera zooms out, revealing that she's talking to a baboon skeleton.
Lucy Simian says: "Well, I don't care what you say, Dad, I'm doing it anyway!"
The Framing.
Miss Simian is seen sneaking into the boys' bathroom, but not before covering her eyes. She feels in front of her and finds a mirror.
Lucy Simian says: "Let's see you get away with this one, you little hooligans."
In the Principal's Offiice 3.
Lucy Simian says: "And I know for sure these two did the graffiti because they were idiotic enough to sign their names at the bottom of it!"
Nigel Brown says: "Are you sure no one else could've done it?"
Lucy Simian says: "Absolutely!"
Nigel Brown says: "Miss Simian!"
Nigel Brown says: "Wrongly accusing the boys is one thing, but openly framing them is another!"
Nigel Brown says: "One more offense and you are fired!"
Nigel Brown says: "And you still owe these boys an apology!"
Gumball says: "It's fine, it's fine."
Lucy Simian says: "I'll apologize when fish start to walk."
Darwin is about to say that it already happened, but Gumball slaps a hand on his mouth.
Nigel Brown says: "If this really is the kind of person you are, then we seriously need to talk about our relationship as well."
Miss Simian starts to go ape, but can't lift the desk.
Nigel Brown says: "I saw that coming, I glued everything to the floor."
Miss Simian runs away crying. Principal Brown also starts sobbing.
Committing a Crime.
School bus drives away from Elmore, screen cuts to Gumball and Darwin against the wall of the school.
Darwin says: "I gotta be honest, Gumball."
Darwin says: "I'm not entirely comfortable with committing a crime."
Gumball says: "Look, it's not a crime if you intend to get caught."
Gumball says: "Unless we actually do something bad, Simian's gonna blow a fuse and lose her hairy boyfriend."
Gumball says: "Do you really want that on your conscience?"
Gumball says: "Good, now give me a leg up."
Darwin gives Gumball a leg up, and Gumball hops through window.
Darwin says: "Now what am I supposed to do?"
Gumball says: "Give yourself a leg up."
Darwin says: "Oh, of course."
Gives himself a leg up, literally, and hops through window. They sneak in the hallway and see Principal Brown crying and spilling coffee on himself because of the glue. Gumball breaks into the bathroom through the air vent, while Darwin just uses the door. He's about to say something.
Gumball says: "Don't."
Gumball says: "Oh, why do I have to run every eight minutes of my life?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Wait, in the jungle when a gorilla charges, you have to stare 'em to the ground!"
Camera first cuts to Simian charging towards them, then to Gumball and Darwin. Then, it goes to Simian again, then Darwin can be seen running away.
Gumball says: "Uh, is it working dude?"
Gumball says: "DUDE?"
Darwin says: "I just realized, we can't let her catch us until we've done something bad."
Gumball says: "Ah, you could've told me!"
Darwin says: "Sorry!"
Miss Simian is still charging and Gumball starts running with his legs coming off and then his top half has to catch up. Miss Simian chases Gumball down the hall. Darwin is in a locker and opens it for Gumball.
Darwin says: "Quick, get in here."
Gumball says: "You get Brown's attention, I'll deface his car."
Darwin says: "Psst, Principal Brown!"
Gumball says: "Dude, why is every single window broken, except for Brown's?"
Darwin says: "How about you do it yourself if you're such a hot..."
Darwin says: "shot."
Lucy Simian says: "I caught them."
Lucy Simian says: "I finally caught them."
Lucy Simian says: "Which means, I can do this."
Lucy Simian says: "You're coming with me to the principal's office."
Gumball says: "With pleasure."
Gumball says: "Wait, we forgot to spray our names."
Lucy Simian says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "Well, duh, if we don't sign it, Principal Brown will think it's you again, then you'll get fired and lose the love of your life."
Gumball says: "Now where would that leave us?"
Lucy Simian says: "Are you trying to say you only did this to save my reputation, my job, and my relationship?"
Darwin says: "Of course."
Darwin says: "What do you take us for, some kind of criminals?"
Lucy Simian says: "Well, yes."
Lucy Simian says: "But I was wrong."
Lucy Simian says: "Right, I'll clean this up, you need to get out of here before Principal Brown sees this."
Gumball says: "I don't think so, Miss Simian."
Gumball says: "We're not letting you ruin your life."
Lucy Simian says: "Don't worry, I won't."
Lucy Simian says: "Just go!"
Lucy Simian says: "Boys, I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "What?"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "Say again."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "Heh, heard it the first time, miss."
Gumball says: "Just wanted to milk it."
Lucy Simian says: "Those little..."
Epilogue.
Nigel Brown says: "Care to explain?"
Lucy Simian says: "Wha..."
Lucy Simian says: "Ugh."
The episode ends.