The Perfect Babysitters.
Richard is attempting and struggling to put his pants on.
Richard says: "Oh, no!"
Richard says: "It seems I can't put them on."
Richard says: "I'm afraid we can't go to the parents' evening."
Nicole takes Richard's pants, puts belt together and zips them.
Nicole says: "Ready to go."
Richard says: "Oh..."
Doorbell rings, Nicole opens the door.
Nicole says: "Ah."
Albert says: "Hi."
Albert says: "I'm here to sit on the baby."
Nicole says: "What?"
Albert says: "Well, duh!"
Albert says: "I'm the babysitter!"
Nicole shuts the door.
Nicole says: "Richard, where did you find that guy?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "On the Internet..."
Richard's pants button pops out and he smiles in relief.
Nicole says: "Where am I going to find a babysitter at this time?"
Gumball says: "Ahem!"
Gumball shows hands to Darwin, who returns it, presenting themselves.
Nicole says: "I guess you guys are old enough to babysit?"
Gumball says: "Us?"
Darwin says: "Us?"
Nicole says: "Yes, you."
Nicole says: "But promise you'll be responsible."
Gumball says: "I promise to be the most responsible kid and will handle my responsibilities in the most responsible way."
Darwin says: "Yeah, responsible!"
Nicole says: "You have no idea what responsible means, do you?"
Gumball says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "Nah."
Nicole says: "It means acting like a grown-up."
Nicole says: "And most of all, it means taking care of your little sister."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "Can I trust you guys to do that?"
Gumball says: "Come on, Mom."
Gumball says: "We were born reprehensible."
Nicole says: "Responsible."
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's what I meant."
Nicole says: "Richard, put your pants on."
Nicole says: "We're off."
Richard says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Richard."
Nicole says: "Pants..."
Nicole says: "on."
Richard says: "No!"
Nicole squeezes Richard into the car with her foot as his buttcrack shows.
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "I don't wanna go to school!"
Nicole says: "I'm putting a lot of trust in you kids."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, Mom."
Gumball says: "You won't be disappointed."
Nicole drives off, while Richard is still crying and moaning.
Gumball says: "So how do you feel, Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Pretty responsible."
Darwin says: "And you?"
Gumball says: "I feel like a new man..."
Gumball says: "a responsible man."
Gumball and Darwin chuckle.
Anais says: "I can't believe this."
Anais says: "I'm going upstairs."
Gumball says: "Stairs!"
Darwin says: "Stairs!"
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Gumball and Darwin tackle Anais to the ground.
Anais says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Seventy-nine percent of all stair accidents happen on the stairs."
Anais says: "What does that even mean?"
Gumball says: "It means you're safer sitting here."
Gumball plops Anais down on the couch.
Anais says: "Okay."
Anais turns on the TV to the Daisy the Donkey Show.
Daisy the Donkey​​ says: "Welcome to Daisy the Donkey Show!"
Daisy the Donkey​​ says: "We'll be right back after these messages."
Voice says: "When you're deciding where to go for a hamburger, let's go further—"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Commercials!"
Gumball says: "They'll corrupt your mind!"
Gumball and Darwin smash the TV with baseball bats.
Gumball says: "Bad commercials!"
Gumball says: "Bad commercials!"
Gumball says: "Bad commercials!"
Gumball says: "Bad commercials!"
Anais says: "Are you completely out of your mind?"
Gumball says: "There's..."
Gumball says: "too..."
Gumball says: "much..."
Gumball says: "violence..."
Gumball says: "on..."
Gumball says: "TV..."
Gumball says: "anyway!"
Anais says: "And you chose to demonstrate that by smashing the TV in front of me?"
Gumball says: "It was the responsible thing to do."
Darwin and Gumball chuckle again.
Anais says: "Even though you set it on fire."
Gumball says: "It's not on fire."
Gumball says: "FIRE!"
Gumball goes off screen and rushes in with a bucket of water.
Anais says: "Stop!"
Anais says: "Don't throw water on an electrical—"
Darwin spits a stream of water on the burning TV, electrocuting himself and Gumball.
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "Fire."
Darwin coughs.
Anais says: "You should always use a fire extinguisher or, if unavailable, baking soda."
Anais says: "But most importantly, call an adult or the emergency services."
Gumball says: "Yeah, of course, but ours was a responsible demonstration of what not to do in case of an electrical fire."
Anais says: "How could Mom put you in charge?"
Darwin kicks the book she is reading out the window.
Anais says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Papercuts."
Anais says: "Ridiculous, and look at the mess you're making!"
Gumball says: "It's a small price to pay for your safety."
Darwin says: "You're too young to understand."
Anais says: "Excuse me, but who makes your breakfast every day?"
Gumball says: "You, of course."
Darwin says: "You, of course."
Anais says: "And who helps you with your homework?"
Gumball says: "You."
Darwin says: "You."
Anais says: "So I should be in charge."
Gumball says: "But who did Mom put in charge?"
Anais says: "You."
Gumball says: "So who has to do what we say?"
Anais says: "Me."
Pre-PTA Meeting.
Scene cuts to Elmore Junior High; Richard and Nicole are waiting outside Miss Simian's room.
Richard says: "Uhh, I feel like I'm in one of those dreams."
Richard says: "The ones where you go to school naked."
Nicole says: "Oh, come on, Richard, stop being so dramatic."
Nicole says: "We're the parents now."
Nicole says: "There's nothing she can do to you."
Lucy Simian says: "You get an F minus in parenting!"
Lucy Simian says: "Next!"
Banana Joe's parents come out of the room crying.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, the Wattersons."
Awkward silence ensues.
Lucy Simian says: "Are you aware that your husband isn't wearing any pants?"
Back to the Kids.
Scene cuts back to the Watterson house.
Gumball says: "Aw, look at that grumpy little face."
Darwin says: "I know what will cheer her up."
Darwin says: "How about a walk in the park?"
Anais says: "Hmm, yeah, I guess that could be okay."
Park.
Gumball and Darwin go for a walk in the park, dragging Anais attached to a leash.
Gumball says: "Come on, it's for your own safety."
Marvin says: "Oh, isn't she lovely?"
Marvin says: "How old is she then?"
Gumball says: "She's four now."
Marvin says: "Well, now, you want a biscuit?"
Marvin says: "Huh?"
Marvin says: "You wanna have a taste of this?"
Marvin says: "You wanna have a little taste of this?"
Marvin says: "Well, you can't have it, that's right, 'cause it's mine."
Marvin says: "Whoo, I was just teasin' ya, you want a little taste of it?"
Anais bites Marvin.
Marvin says: "Oh, you bit me!"
Gumball says: "You know what this means?"
Darwin says: "She must be hungry!"
Anais facepalms.
Hungry.
Scene goes back to the house.
Gumball says: "It's time for num-nums!"
Gumball says: "We have a mackerel sandwich, a potato, and a little something for dessert."
Gumball lifts up the lid of a plate and an old boot is revealed; Anais is visibly disgusted.
Anais says: "Are you kidding me?"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Gumball says: "That food is way too chunky for a little baby like her, she could choke."
Darwin says: "I know what to do."
Darwin takes the tray from Anais, and he and Gumball chew the food up. They vomit it back onto the tray, and Gumball draws a smiley face on it.
Gumball says: "Bon appétit!"
Anais says: "Alright, you asked for this."
Anais blows the straw, spraying the food all over Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Okay, bath time."
Bathing.
Scene cuts to bathroom; Gumball is testing the water temperature in the bathtub with Anais inside.
Gumball says: "Ah, just right."
Darwin says: "Isn't water dangerous?"
Gumball gasps and tosses Anais back onto the rug.
Anais says: "How do you expect me to wash myself without water?"
Gumball says: "Haven't you heard of dry cleaning?"
Anais says: "Fine!"
Anais says: "Get out of here!"
Anais slams the door on Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "They grow up so fast."
Darwin says: "Shh!"
Anais fills up the tub with water.
Darwin says: "Is that water I hear?"
Anais opens the door a little.
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "I just, uh, flushed?"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Speaking of which, we're gonna need you to wear this."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, we don't want you to have any accidents."
Darwin says: "Very responsible thinking, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Hm, thanks."
They both chuckle.
Gumball says: "Now be a big girl and..."
They both gasp. Anais is at the bottom of the steps.
Anais says: "There's no way I'm wearing a diaper!"
She runs away, and Gumball and Darwin chase after her. The bathtub is revealed to be still filling up with water.
Gumball says: "Get back here!"
The water rises to the top of the bathtub, and it spills onto the floor. They chase her through the living room, making a huge mess in the process. She hides under the sofa and gets chased into the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Come back, Anais!"
Gumball says: "You can run, but you can't hide!"
Gumball and Darwin run out of the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Run!"
Darwin says: "Run!"
Gumball says: "Hide!"
Darwin says: "Hide!"
Gumball says: "Put it on!"
Anais says: "Never!"
Anais runs upstairs and barricades herself in Gumball and Darwin's room.
Gumball says: "Open this door, young lady!"
Gumball says: "Don't make me tell Mom you've been a bad baby!"
Gumball somehow stretches his eye in the crack of the door.
Gumball says: "She's not in there, she ran out the window!"
They kick open their door and climb onto the roof.
Gumball says: "Oh, what's Mom gonna think?"
Gumball says: "We're in so much trouble!"
Anais sticks her head out the window.
Anais says: "You goons really walked into that one!"
She shuts the window.
Gumball says: "Anais, let us in."
Anais says: "Babysit yourselves on the roof until Mom and Dad come back."
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
They hit the window repeatedly. Anais rests on Gumball's bed.
Anais says: "Oh look, a book."
Anais says: "I hope I don't give myself a papercut."
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
Anais says: "Oh, no, no diaper."
Anais says: "I surely hope I don't have an accident, on your bed!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
Anais says: "And you know what I'm gonna have now?"
Anais says: "A nice relaxing bath, with real water!"
Anais begins to slide down into the flood of Gumball and Darwin's room and gasps.
Post-PTA meeting.
The scene cuts to Richard and Nicole sitting on the front steps of the school.
Richard says: "Well, it could've been worse."
Nicole says: "Are you kidding me?"
Nicole says: "Look at the bill, how do you set fire to a swimming pool?"
Richard starts to laugh as Nicole glares at him.
Richard says: "I know, pretty good, huh?"
Nicole gives him a death glare.
Richard says: "That you're always there to keep an eye on them?"
Nicole gasps in dismay remembers the kids are still home alone, gets in the car and speeds home.
Underwater.
Scene goes back to their house. Anais is on Gumball's desk, struggling to open the window.
Anais says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Get on the bed and stay where you are."
Gumball says: "We'll figure out a way to rescue you."
Gumball and Darwin are on the porch.
Gumball says: "Don't worry!"
Gumball says: "I'll smash the door in—"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "You wouldn't know where the keys are by any chance, would you?"
Darwin looks in the window and sees the keys float by underwater.
Darwin says: "Somewhere safe."
Gumball says: "Aw, what are we gonna do?"
A manhole is shown. The scene then cuts to the bathroom, where Darwin and Gumball have evidently swum up the sewer pipe and gone out the toilet. Gumball and Darwin swim in their room where Anais is waiting. Gumball coughs up a large amount of water he was holding in.
Gumball says: "Hey, how's it going?"
Anais says: "I don't know, how do you think it's going?"
Darwin is shown trying to open the window, which is not opening he shrugs.
Gumball says: "Okay, take a deep breath."
Anais and Gumball breathe in and dive underwater.
They swim downstairs where Darwin sees that a container of his fish food the lid floats off  spilling the food out he begin to eat the food before noticing   the keys  Floating up next to him, Gumball is seen trying to pull open the door The Anias tries  Darwin swims up with the keys the 3 of them cheer,but before they can open the door, the keys are sucked out of his grip by the water pressure coming from the fireplace The kids become sad then Anais watches  the key get sucked up the fireplace and gets the idea to go out the chimney she swim toward the fireplace but  quickly turn around to grab her brothers she pull them to the fireplace and points to the couch to tell them her idea so they move the couch and swim up. A violent geyser erupting from the chimney launches them out.
Anais says: "Woo-hoo!"
Darwin says: "Woo-hoo!"
Gumball says: "Woo-hoo!"
They all celebrate.
Gumball says: "Good job, everyone!"
The geyser suddenly stops with the kids caught in midair. They all look down and start to scream. Gumball pulls out a diaper from his pocket.
Gumball says: "Hey, don't worry, we can use this diaper as a parachute and float safely down to—"
They hit the ground face-first with a loud smack. A car arrives in the front yard, and it turns out to be their parents coming home.
Anais says: "They're back!"
Anais says: "Oh, no."
Darwin says: "Oh, no."
Gumball says: "Oh, no."
They duck back around the corner. Nicole storms out of the car while Richard nervously follows.
Richard says: "See, honey?"
Richard says: "I told you there was nothing to worry about."
Nicole opens the door, and a huge burst of water hits them, leaving them filthy and stunned.
Gumball says: "Hi."
Nicole says: "Thank heavens you're safe!"
She runs up to Anais and gives her a hug.
Anais says: "So, you're not angry at us for trashing the house?"
Nicole says: "Oh, no."
Nicole says: "Angry doesn't BEGIN TO COVER IT!"
Blame Game.
Scene cuts to the interior of the house, with the whole family there.
Richard says: "How do you burn a TV underwater?"
Nicole says: "WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS!"
Nicole says: "?"
Anais, Gumball, and Darwin look shocked.
Anais says: "Mom, it's my—"
Gumball says: "No, I've got this."
Anais says: "No, Gumball, it was me that left the faucet running!"
Gumball says: "Please, sis, let your brother be responsible for once in his life."
Anais gets teary-eyed, and runs over to give Gumball a hug.
Anais says: "Thanks, Gumball."
Gumball breathes in and begins to tell Nicole what happened.
Gumball says: "Mom..."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "It was her that flooded the place!"
Anais says: "I thought you were going to take the rap!"
Anais says: "Anyway, it was clearly Mom's fault."
Anais says: "She was the one who left Gumball in charge."
Nicole says: "Well it—"
Nicole says: "it's Dad's fault for not finding a proper babysitter!"
Richard says: "Well, none of this would've happened if it wasn't for you!"
The scene falls silent for a moment.
Nicole says: "Um, who are you blaming here?"
Richard says: "The Internet?"
The Wattersons says: "Yeah, that's good enough."
Episode ends.