The Wattersons burn a statue made out of straws that resembles Frankie.
He's always ready with a trick or a lie or a con or a hustle.
Or a hoax or a fraud or a racket or a sham.
Or a diddle or a fiddle or a scam!
After their "ritual" is completed, the Wattersons go back to their house, while Frankie is standing by.
Louie says: "Well, it wasn't about me."
Frankie says: "Yeah, I know, I get the hint."
Richard says: "Don't worry, Dad."
Richard says: "The Vermin Man isn't about you."
Richard says: "It's a tradition as old as time."
Richard says: "Mom said it started when the Pilgrims first came to this land and they were all abandoned by their deadbeat father."
Richard says: "You know—"
Richard says: "the British."
Frankie says: "Mm, no, son."
Frankie says: "I think it was probably invented by your mom, 'cause she can't stand me."
Granny Jojo says: "I invented it to distract our son from remembering the day you walked out on us!"
Granny Jojo says: "And yes, because I can't stand you."
Frankie says: "I'm sorry, Richard."
Frankie says: "I shouldn't have come."
Frankie says: "I can't make up for what I've done to you."
Frankie says: "I've missed too much."
Louie says: "Has he gone?"
Louie says: "The lousy bum stole my wallet!"
Cheering Richard Up.
The scene fades to the Wattersons' house at the next morning, as Richard slouches depressingly on the couch. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais sit at the bottom of the stairwell.
Anais says: "Oh, this is bad."
Anais says: "What can we do to cheer him up?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I know!"
Gumball says: "Dad rock."
Anais pushes the audio player to play a rock song, as the children dance to cheer Richard up.
Rock around the rock that is made out of rock.
I'm gonna rock it back and forth like a rocking horse.
Gonna quench your thirst with some rock on the rocks.
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais' high enthusiasms for the music end up cooled down, and they, dissatisfied, stop dancing.
Anais says: "Wow."
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's like having someone take you around a theme park telling you how much fun you're gonna have, but you never get to go on the rides."
Darwin says: "Well, he's kind of rocking."
Richard is shown literally rocking himself on the couch.
Anais says: "Just encourage him with a bit of Dad dancing."
Gumball pulls his pants up higher; Darwin pulls his shoes higher to both meet the "father" standard. They dance to the music, but Richard in response cries.
Gumball says: "What's wrong?"
Richard says: "That's the music from my dad's generation."
Anais pushes the button of the player to switch the music.
Singer says: "We'll follow you to the—"
Richard does nothing in response. As Anais switches the player to play heavy metal music and grunge music, Richard does not do anything, until Anais switches it to play dance music, in which Richard dances with his hands.
Chorus says: "Whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh—"
Richard sadly whimpers. Anais turns the player off, and the children go up to hug their father.
Gumball says: "Faker."
Gumball says: "You only bought the T-shirts for the cool bands, didn't you?"
Richard says: "Mm-hmm."
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Let's go to Joyful Burger."
Gumball says: "For once, you've got our permission to comfort eat."
The scene cross-fades to Richard driving to Joyful Burger in the car with Gumball, Darwin, and Anais; Richard is shown sad again.
Darwin says: "How about a joke?"
Darwin says: "Knock-knock."
Richard says: "Dad?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No."
Richard loudly wails in fatherly absence. The scene then switches to Joyful Burger, where Larry serves Richard a large plate of French fries.
Larry says: "So, that's one large fries."
Larry says: "Beef."
Richard says: "…with my dad."
Richard says: "Sure, he's made mis—"
Larry says: "Steaks."
Larry says: "Ketchup."
Larry says: "Bit of a pickle."
Larry says: "Hash brown."
Richard says: "…of his life."
Larry says: "Desserts."
Richard says: "…you."
Larry says: "Doughnut."
Richard says: "…know what to do."
Larry says: "Ice cream."
Richard says: "…inside."
Larry says: "Waffle."
Waitress says: "Boneless chicken!"
Richard says: "And comfort eating is not going to make me any happier."
The scene switches to Richard ironically chomping down Joyful Burger food fed from servants one by one as he happily flails in the restaurant's ball pit; the children stand behind, terrified.
Darwin says: "This doesn't look good to me."
Anais says: "I don't think anyone would enjoy the sight of a grown man smearing burger meat into his face in a kid's ball pit."
Gumball says: "Yup!"
Gumball says: "Even in Japan, that's pretty niche."
The rate of the servants dumping food into his mouth increases until no more servants come by, in which Richard demands more with his body language, and the situation resumes.
Anais says: "Isn't all this eating dangerous?"
Gumball says: "Nah, this is Richard Watterson."
Gumball says: "He can take it."
An ambulance is shown by the restaurant, the medics rushing in.
Anais says: "Yeah, I was more worried about the staff."
The medics carry Larry out of Joyful Burger.
Larry says: "It was like shoveling French fries down an elevator shaft."
Richard says: "Well, now my brain and my stomach are sad."
Darwin says: "I've got an idea!"
The scene then crossfades to the quartet lying on a hill, staring up to the sky.
Darwin says: "This is what I do when I feel blue."
Darwin says: "I look at the clouds and see that even the darkest ones eventually drift away."
Darwin says: "And it's fun 'cause they make shapes."
Darwin says: "Like that one."
Darwin says: "It looks like a hat."
Richard says: "A hat like my father's."
Darwin says: "Uh, sure."
Anais says: "How 'bout  that one?"
Anais says: "It's like a horseshoe."
Richard says: "Shoes are for walking."
Richard says: "Like he walked out on me."
Anais sighs.
Gumball says: "Well, how about  that one?"
Gumball says: "It looks like a… Oh."
Richard says: "Looks like a popsicle."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Uh… I—"
Gumball says: "I guess."
Richard says: "Popsicles are cold like the Arctic Ocean."
Richard says: "And that's cold becuase it's got lots of icebergs in it."
Richard says: "That's why it's dangerous for ships."
Richard says: "Because icebergs sink ships."
Richard says: "And what's the first thing to leave a sinking ship?"
Richard says: "A rat."
The children groan.
Richard says: "And rats are covered with fleas, just like my father "flea'd" from me."
Gumball says: "Yeah, we got it."
Gumball says: "You could have stopped at "rat."
The scene transitions to the dinner table at the Wattersons' house, with Richard laying facedown on the table and the children sitting by.
Gumball says: "I just… I… I don't know what else to do."
Anais says: "Dad, you've just got to talk to Grandpa Frankie about it."
Richard says: "There's no point."
Richard says: "He's just a con man."
Richard says: "The best I can hope for is that the next time I see him, he doesn't hustle me out of seven hundred dollars with that ball-and-cups trick… again."
A flashback begins with Richard in his childhood and a younger Frankie, both surrounding three cups and a ball.
Frankie says: "These cups and this ball are worth two thousand dollars."
Frankie says: "But as you're my son, I'll let you have 'em for seven hundred dollars!"
Flashback ends.
Richard says: "I can't put it into words."
Anais says: "Would it help to sing it?"
Richard says: "You know what?"
Richard says: "I think maybe it would."
Richard says: "Breww!"
Richard says: "Was that clear?"
Gumball says: "Uh…  Uh-huh."
Darwin says: "Uh…  Uh-huh."
Anais says: "Uh…  Uh-huh."
Gumball says: "But that doesn't mean you can't fix… whatever that was… between you."
Richard says: "I would need to make a time machine."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Richard says: "Because if I invented a time machine, my dad would be really proud of me."
Richard says: "It's too late, anyway."
Richard says: "I'll never get those years back."
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Not true."
Gumball says: "You can't travel back in time and experience the things you guys missed, but you can travel forward in time and fix the things that are yet to come."
Gumball says: "Because the future starts now."
Richard gasps in realization.
Gumball says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "That was really good, wasn't it?"
Anais says: "Can we just—"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "Let's just get on with it."
The Future Starts Now.
The scene then switches to Richard and the children at Frankie's residence in the junkyard; Gumball knocks the door. When Frankie opens the door, he gets hit in the stomach from Gumball's final knock.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "There you are."
Gumball says: "So, here's the plan."
Gumball says: "You guys go through everything a father and son should have shared, out, like, really fast."
Gumball says: "Three, two, one, go!"
Frankie says: "So, uh… where do we start?"
Richard says: "How about a piggyback ride?"
Frankie says: "Okay."
Richard says: "That's as good a place as—"
Frankie jumps on top of Richard.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Piano music starts to play in the background. Cross-fades to the park, where Richard and Frankie are playing football.
Frankie says: "You ready, champ?"
Richard says: "Yeah!"
Frankie runs a distance and throws the football to Richard; Richard catches the ball and chuckles.
Frankie says: "Well done, son!"
Frankie says: "And now we run!"
Richard says: "Why?"
Frankie says: "Because, technically, that's not our ball."
Richard says: "Huh?"
Richard finds the football to be inscripted with "POLLY." Patrick Fitzgerald runs up to him and tackles him, letting Polly do the rest of the tackling. The scene transitions to Frankie introducing a watch to a black-eyed Richard.
Frankie says: "This priceless heirloom was passed down from grandfather to father, and from father to son."
Frankie says: "And it was passed down from that son's second-story window by my former cellmate to me."
Frankie says: "And now it's yours."
Richard says: "I… don't know what to say."
Frankie says: "Good."
Frankie says: "'Cause anything you do say will be held against you in court."
Richard says: "What?"
Frankie is revealed to be running away from the scene, and Richard is suddenly tackled by six policemen. The scene then switches to Richard being taught by Frankie how to shave.
Frankie says: "Now make sure you don't forget the little bit under your chin."
Richard struggles to shave the bit under his first chin.
Frankie says: "Very good."
Frankie says: "Now the second one."
Richard struggles to shave the bit under his second chin.
Frankie says: "And now the third."
Richard struggles to shave his third chin.
Frankie says: "Great."
Frankie says: "Now you just have to slide down the drainpipe and run."
The scene is revealed to be at a mansion, where Frankie escapes with dogs chasing him and Richard watching, sighing. The scene then switches to Richard and Frankie in a car, where the latter teaches the former how to drive.
Frankie says: "Now, first, you release the hand brake."
Richard releases the hand brake.
Frankie says: "Now, gently slip it into drive."
Richard begins moving forward his car for a short moment.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Agh, I don't like it, Dad!"
Frankie says: "It's perfectly normal to be nervous your first time driving… a getaway car."
Richard says: "I'm sorry."
Richard says: "I can't do this!"
The scene is revealed to be next to the Bank of Elmore, from which two robbers seize money.
Robber says: "Hey, wait!"
Robber says: "Where are you going?!"
Robber says: "!"
Having no getaway car, they get caught by the police. The scene then crossfades into Richard and Frankie fishing. Richard somehow catches something.
Frankie says: "Oh."
Frankie says: "Now reel it in, son."
Frankie says: "Nice and easy."
Frankie laughs, as Richard manages to reel in a money-full purse; they are revealed to be on the edge of a bridge, fishing from cars on a highway; piano background music stops.
Richard says: "Okay, I think that's enough."
Frankie says: "What?"
Frankie says: "What did I do wrong?!"
Frankie says: "!"
Richard says: "It's no good."
Richard says: "I thought this would a father-and-son bonding thing."
Richard says: "You know?"
Richard says: "We'd talk about life."
Frankie says: "Uh—"
Frankie says: "that's cool."
Frankie says: "Let's do that now."
Richard says: "That would be nice."
Frankie says: "Okay, so, "life."
Frankie says: "" Life is like, fifteen, twenty years, but you can be out in ten with good behavior."
Richard says: "Oh, forget it!"
Frankie says: "Oh, look, son."
Frankie says: "You know what I'm like."
Frankie says: "I'm the Vermin Man."
Frankie says: "I'm no role model."
Frankie says: "I'm more of a  parole model."
Richard says: "Eugh."
Frankie says: "Look, I didn't want you to turn out like me."
Frankie says: "And I was right."
Frankie says: "Look at you."
Frankie says: "You turned out great."
Frankie says: "And your kids love you."
Richard says: "I didn't start off as a good father."
Richard says: "But your kids… they see you as better than you are, so every day, you bust your chops and try to live up to that."
Frankie says: "It's too late for me."
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "Not true."
Richard says: "You know what my kids taught me today?"
Richard says: "The future starts now."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais emerge from behind.
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Frankie says: "I'm sorry, son."
Richard says: "I'm sorry, too."
Frankie says: "You've got nothing to apologize for."
Richard says: "Yes, I do."
Richard says: "I stole your wallet."
Frankie says: "That's my boy."
Frankie says: "And don't worry."
Frankie says: "It's not mine anyway."
Episode ends.