Dedicated Day of Vegging Out.
The episode begins with Gumball and Darwin sound asleep in their bedroom until Gumball suddenly wakes up.
Gumball says: "Dude, wake up!"
Darwin screams, jumps out of his fish bowl, and jumps back in.
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's finally here, the most magical day of all."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "The day where the old, hairy man breaks into houses in the dead of night with a bag for the children?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No, and for the record, that's the creepiest description of Christmas I've ever heard."
Gumball says: "I meant today is the day we veg out."
Darwin says: "You don't want to do anything at all today?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I'm on strike!"
Gumball says: "It's like if the tiniest thing happens in this town, we end up running a gosh-darned marathon!"
Gumball says: "Look at these."
Gumball removes the blankets to reveal blue, toned, realistic human legs.
Darwin says: "Fair enough."
Darwin says: "So, what are we gonna do?"
Gumball instantaneously appears in the frame, becoming annoyed with Darwin's questioning.
Gumball says: "Whatever happens, we do absolutely nothing."
Gumball stands on his bed to announce their plans.
Gumball says: "First, we shall neither bathe nor groom ourselves."
Gumball says: "Instead, we shall clothe ourselves in the ceremonial robes of the blanket toga!"
The scene cuts to Gumball opening and closing the fridge for the next paragraph, eventually settling on squeezing fermented orange juice, now cheese, into a glass. Despite what he mentioned about pickles, he doesn't actually get any.
Gumball says: "Then we shall open and close the door of the fridge so many times that we lower our standards, so many times that we eventually settle for a feast of expired pickles, slightly fermented orange juice, and what was once butter but may now be cheese!"
The scene cuts to Gumball holding a glass that becomes dirty, then carelessly throwing it away in exchange for a clean bowl, but dirtiness starts to cling to the bowl Darwin is holding and he throws that away carelessly as well, lastly Gumball holds a clean plate for the next paragraph.
Gumball says: "If the glasses are dirty, we shall drink out of bowls, and if the bowls are dirty, we shall drink out of plates!"
For the next paragraph, the scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin relaxing under a blanket on the sofa, then get up in unison, but become dizzy and immediately retreat to their previous position.
Gumball says: "We shall nest under a blanket under the sofa for so long, that when we stand up, we will suffer vertigo and immediately have to lie back down!"
For the next sentence, it's once again shown that Gumball is standing on top of his bed, then for the next, he gets face-to-face with Darwin to further convey his point.
Gumball says: "And we shall continue to do naught until we are plagued with the guilt of laziness, and the sweat on our foreheads has turned to grease!"
Gumball says: "Then, my friend, and only then will we have earned the right to go to bed in our own juices!"
Darwin says: "Alright, so when do we get up?"
Gumball rushes back into bed.
Gumball says: "When the discomfort of having to go to the bathroom exceeds the joy of lying in bed."
The scene cuts to the outside of the house, eventually cutting to Gumball applying what appears to be a stick of lip balm to Darwin's rear end.
Gumball says: "There, this should prevent chafing from too much sitting."
The scene cuts to a full view the living room where the couch is covered in a blanket and a single pillow sits on either side of the blanketed couch. The table holds a glass that is half filled of orange juice that appears to still be fresh, a bowl of cereal. The floor in front of the couch has an assortment of junk food and a plastic bottle of soda that is easy for the boys to reach.
Gumball says: "Now, do my chin."
Darwin says: "Okay, but why do you need lip balm there?"
Gumball says: "'Cause..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "TV face."
Darwin says: "'Kay, by the way, why is the TV the wrong way around?"
The TV is shown to be standing vertically instead in its normal horizontal position. Gumball simply answers his brother's question by lying down on his end of the couch. From his perspective, the TV now looks like it's horizontal. The camera cuts back to Gumball being satisfied with the result and smirks at Darwin.
Darwin says: "Taking it to the next level, huh?"
Gumball says: "Yup, the next level down."
Darwin says: "Should I bring a bucket in case we need to, y-you know, powder our nose?"
Gumball pulls his pants away to reveal that he's wearing a diaper; his voice changes drastically into an announcer voice for the next sentence.
Gumball says: "Slackies, for when you gotta go, but you don't wanna leave."
Darwin says: "But what if we need to change video games?"
Gumball smirks as he reveals a contraption that can be extended and retracted that has a small claw attached to it. He picks up two other contraptions that are the same one he's holding in his hand to combine them into a longer version that he uses to swiftly grab a game cartridge from the shelf across the room, retracts the device with the cartridge in its grip to blow dust off the cartridge, then extends it once again to place it in the game console in the same bookshelf. While retracting the device, he lets go of the two other contraptions and sets the original one beside him.
Darwin says: "Wow, I guess you really thought of everything, but what if someone rings the doorbell?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I've got a life hack for that, as well."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I don't answer it."
Gumball says: "Come on, let's get into position!"
Darwin lies down on his side, beginning to relax when Gumball grunts irritably.
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Tuning Out Chaos.
The phone begins to ring.
Darwin says: "Aw, man, the phone."
Darwin says: "What do we do?"
Gumball says: "Nothing."
Darwin says: "It's really annoying, though."
Gumball says: "So, the phone's ringing, big deal!"
Gumball says: "We just wait until our brains tune it out."
The boys begin to forcefully tune out the noise of the ringing, and it goes away.
Gumball says: "See?"
Hazmat worker says: "This is NASA, you need to get out!"
Gumball says: "So, there's some space scientist outside, big deal!"
Gumball says: "We just wait until our brains tune it out."
They once again forcefully tune out the noise, but we then see that the aforementioned meteorite has struck their living room. The ceiling has a massive hole in it and the area surrounding the impact is slightly charred, including the boys.
Gumball says: "So, there's a meteorite in the living room, big deal!"
Gumball says: "We just wait until our brains tune it out."
The boys are about to tune out of their situation, but the meteorite cracks open and releases green fumes that pollutes the air around the house. This is revealed to be a virus that practically kills Gary as evident by his choking and sudden collapse. Death is further confirmed when a crow drops out of the sky.
Gumball says: "So, there's a bit of a virus going around, big deal!"
Gumball says: "We'll just wait for our brains to tune it out."
They forcibly tune out the situation again only for a futuristic battle to begin happening in their living room between a group of hazmat workers, Carmen who has been mutated to have six legs, Hot Dog Guy is also mutated, but doesn't seem to be partaking in the fight, the hobo attacking the hazmat worker near the back, and Jeff who has been mutated to have six legs pulls a worker outside of a window. Gumball is slightly mutated as evident by small growths protruding from the top of his head.
Gumball says: "So, people have six legs now, big deal!"
Gumball says: "We'll just wait for our brains to tune it out."
They once again forcefully tune out of their situation only to find their house nearly destroyed in a post apocalyptic battle with the Mayor of Elmore shouting at them over the sounds of warfare as he shoots at the enemy.
Wordlessly, Gumball and Darwin tune out to see that they are in the middle of nowhere as a massive space ship crashes in the distance as a mutated Carmen runs past the screen before being shot and killed. The boys tune out again to see that they now stand surrounded by members of a galactic council as they're no longer sitting on their couch and are now dressed in outfits that allude to the Star Wars franchise.
They tune it out to find themselves back in their living room dressed in tuxedos surrounded by insectoids. One of the male insectoids is carrying a female.
The boys tune out once more to find themselves already married to the female insectoid who is now very old as Mike and Ken are broadcasting an interview with the boys.
Mike says: "How does it feel to be married to a wife from another planet?"
They tune out one more time, and everything is back to normal.
Things Are Starting to Get Weirder.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "It simply went away."
Gumball says: "Who the who is that?"
The Japanese man dances and claps whilst speaking in Japanese.
Japanese man says: "Ito maki maki, ito maki maki, ito ito, ton ton ton."
Darwin says: "I think we should stop tuning things out, we're kind of losing the plot here."
Gumball says: "Meh."
Japanese man says: "You're not going to ask me how I got here?"
Gumball says: "Nah."
The boys begin watching TV when an announcer is heard.
Announcer says: "Coming up next, Robot Dinosaur Destruction Derby..."
Gumball and says: "Darwin: Ya-a-ay."
Announcer says: "..."
Announcer says: "has been replaced by a documentary about the Swedish sheet metal industry."
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "Ugh."
Narrator says: "Gothenburg, nineteen-fifty-three..."
Gumball proceeds to reach for the remote on the coffee table, but a spontaneous train passes by the house and vibrates the table to make the remote get further away from the feline's hand. Before he can grab it on the second try, the shock waves from the motion of a dragon being ridden by the two eggheads further pushes the remote away. On the third try, Gumball is about to use the contraption shown at the beginning of the episode to grab it, but is too startled by the outside, revealed as a simple backdrop, falling over and revealing the background of the Void.
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "Forget it."
Gumball says: "Maybe there'll be a cool accident at the sheet metal factory."
The camera cuts to the television screen depicting real-world sheet metal workers.
Narrator says: "And their factories are the safest in the world."
The boys sigh disappointedly and hear a cell phone ring loudly, much to their annoyance. Gumball sits up and answers the phone.
Gumball says: "What?"
Caller says: "Do you want to play a game?"
Gumball says: "Oh, sure, I got a game!"
Caller says: "Then how do we play?"
Gumball says: "Like this!"
Gumball says: "What now?"
Caller says: "The game is on."
Caller says: "I'm here."
Gumball says: "Then why are you calling me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The TV starts to glitch as a figure crawls out of their screen with unkempt, long, black hair and an extremely small frame. His body is covered in wrinkles despite not having any old age. The boys sigh disappointedly.
Specter says: "Really?"
Specter says: "You're going to do me like that?"
Gumball says: "Can we just not do this right now?"
Specter says: "Do you know how long it took for me to do my hair?"
Specter says: "What, you think it's easy to look like this?"
Specter says: "You didn't even look at it."
Specter says: "It was a cursed teddy bear with human teeth."
Specter says: "It was gonna creep closer to you every time you looked away."
Darwin says: "Mm, wow, th-that sounds pretty scary."
Specter says: "Don't!"
Specter says: "The surprise is ruined now."
Gumball says: "Wait up!"
Specter says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "Pass us the remote before you go."
Specter walks back in and picks up the remote off the floor and hands it to Gumball.
Gumball says: "You can go too, by the way."
Japanese man says: "Okay."
Japanese man says: "Hyah-ee!!"
Japanese man says: "Teleportation!"
The doorbell rings, and Gumball becomes excited.
Gumball says: "Burrito delivery!"
Darwin says: "I thought we weren't getting up."
Gumball says: "No need to."
Gumball says: "Uh, hey, can you post the burritos through the mail slot?"
Larry says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "W-what part of that didn't make sense?"
Larry says: "Everything from "post" to "slot," if I'm honest, but the customer is always right, I guess."
Larry proceeds to push the burritos through the slot, but the burritos become a mess as soon as they're pushed through.
Gumball says: "Did you bring the extra guac?"
Gumball says: "Okay, now feed your hands through the mail slot."
Larry says: "What?"
Larry says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Do you want your tip or not, dude?"
Gumball says: "Now use it to flip the burritos towards us."
Larry says: "What?"
Larry says: "That's crazy!"
Larry says: "I didn't sign up for this!"
Gumball says: "It says on your website that you deliver directly to us in under twenty minutes, and the clock is ticking, man."
Larry says: "Eh, okay, okay!"
Gumball says: "No, no, wrong end of the shovel."
Gumball says: "Mm-kay, now hold out the shovel for your tip!"
The camera cuts to Larry holding the shovel as coins are thrown at him. The few coins that were on the shovel did not make it outside.
Larry says: "There's nothing here!"
Gumball says: "Meh, keep the shovel then."
The camera cuts to the outside of the household where Larry is shown driving away on his scooter.
Larry says: "Darn kids never appreciate anything."
Lightning strikes their house and destroys their TV. With an exasperated sigh, Gumball takes out his cell phone.
Darwin says: "Are you calling the TV repairman?"
Gumball says: "Nah, I'm video-calling Banana Joe."
Banana Joe says: "Hey, man."
Banana Joe says: "Thanks for calling!"
Banana Joe says: "Wanna hang out?"
Gumball says: "No."
Banana Joe says: "Oh."
Banana Joe says: "Then what I can do for ya?"
Gumball says: "Turn your phone to the TV."
Banana Joe says: "Okay!"
Banana Joe says: "Anything else?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, stop talking, I'm trying to listen."
Banana Joe says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Yeah, and can you stop breathing please?"
Gumball says: "I can't hear."
Banana Joe says: "No problemo!"
Universe vs. Protagonists.
The sofa in the living room goes awry, knocking off the boys.
Darwin says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "What is going on here?"
The camera pans around to see that the sofa is now a flat piece of cardboard.
Gumball says: "Alright, universe!"
Gumball says: "Bring it on!"
An electrical shock can be heard and the thermostat's temperature rises to 168 degrees, then keeps rising past 234 degrees.
Darwin says: "Okay, maybe we need to at least deal with that."
Gumball says: "Eh, in a minute."
Everything in the room, including the boys, starts to literally melt.
Darwin says: "You said you'd deal with it."
Gumball says: "I said I'd do it in a minute."
Gumball says: "You don't have to remind me every hour."
Darwin says: "I feel like I'm about to pass out."
Gumball says: "Oh, good idea."
Gumball says: "Just lie down flatter."
Gumball says: "Uh, heat goes up, right?"
The boys lie down and seem to be getting over their discomfort when the news comes on.
Mike says: "We interrupt this week to bring you some breaking news."
Mike says: "The police and fire departments are desperately trying to rescue a family who crashed their car on a freeway bridge."
Mike says: "The authorities are unable to approach the vehicle due to the bridge's extreme instability; however, they say it may be able to support a lighter weight one, maybe two, twelve-year-old boys."
The family is revealed to be the rest of the Wattersons screaming as their lives are close to being ended. Gumball and Darwin are horrified and declare that they must save them.
Gumball says: "Come on, Darwin, we gotta go!"
The car seems to restablize.
Gumball says: "Wait, maybe not."
The boys lie down, but the car seems like it is going to fall.
Gumball says: "Oh, no, we do have to go!"
The Wattersons sigh, signifying assumed restabilization.
Gumball says: "Or maybe not."
Whenever they lean up, it restablizes. This occurs until the boys decide to run out of the house.
Gumball says: "All right, all right, we're going!"
Gumball says: "Man."
Banana Joe is shown to have fainted from holding his breath.
Saving the Wattersons.
Gumball and Darwin are shown outside of the house seeming as if they are running; however, it is revealed they are both relaxed on wheeled chairs. Gumball and Darwin notice Hank and George blowing leaves with their leafblowers.
Darwin says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "It'd be far too much effort to make the detour to get these leaf blowers."
Darwin says: "Exactly."
Gumball and Darwin continue their slow journey in their chairs.
Gumball says: "Wait, I've got a better idea."
Gumball says: "We got wheels!"
Gumball says: "We just have to stop and let the rotation of the Earth do the leg work for us."
They sit still, hoping to achieve their plan.
Gumball says: "All right, let's just call the cab company."
The scene switches to the rest of the Wattersons in the car, screaming. They stop due to Nicole's cell phone ringing; Nicole picks it up.
Nicole says: "Hello?"
Nicole says: "Gumball?"
Nicole says: "What do you mean you need a ride?"
Nicole says: "I'm dangling off a bridge here."
Nicole says: "No, I can't—"
Nicole says: "No, Dad can't, either."
Nicole says: "We're stuck here in mortal d—"
Nicole says: "Look, I don't have time for this."
Richard's cell phone rings; Richard picks it up.
Richard says: "Hello?"
Richard says: "Yeah, sure I can."
Richard says: "What time?"
Scene switches to Gumball and Darwin, as Gumball sighs in vain of getting a ride.
Gumball says: "No dice."
Darwin says: "Oh, I got an idea."
Scene switches to the Wattersons in their dangling car; Nicole's cell phone chimes.
Nicole says: ""Your order is being delivered—"
Nicole says: "" Did anyone order anything?"
After Richard shakes his head, Gumball is heard, catching attention of the Wattersons.
Gumball says: "You mind moving forward a little?"
Gumball says: "A little more."
Gary, the driver, moves forward the van slightly.
Gumball says: "Little more."
Gary does it again.
Gumball says: "Little more."
The van, moving forward once again, knocks over the barrier set up by the police.
Gumball says: "Okay, perfect."
Gary says: "That'll be thirty-five dollars!"
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, we couldn't be bothered to buy stamps,  so we improvised."
Gary says: "Here's your change!"
The coin ends up hitting the trunk, causing the car to dangle off even further.
Gumball says: "I'm coming!"
Gumball and Darwin slowly come toward the car.
Darwin says: "We're not gonna make it!"
Darwin says: "We're gonna have to get up from our chairs!"
Gumball says: "Not on my day off."
Gumball comes closer to the car, adjusts the height of his seat, and rests his legs on the back of the car, saving the Wattersons from falling off. Gumball sighs, and the car's back wheels regain their grip, driving backward the car away from its potential peril.
Nicole says: "Gumball, you did it!"
Nicole, Richard, and Anais are shown in a pose, in anticipation to hug Gumball.
Richard says: "Come here, son!"
Gumball says: "Nah, you come here."
Nicole says: "Ugh."
Richard says: "Ugh."
Anais says: "Ugh."
Back at Their House.
Gumball and Darwin are shown back at their vegging on the couch, as if nothing had happened.
Gumball says: "So, what's left on our to-do list?"
Darwin says: ""Nothin'."
Gumball says: "Well, I guess we better get on with it."
Gumball and Darwin scream in terror as a message written on the wall above the television appears.
Gumball says: ""This is a message from the future."
Gumball says: "The strange things that happened today were for a reason."
Gumball says: "And it was all the work of…" Oh, my gosh, Darwin."
Darwin says: "Who could be sending that message?"
Gumball says: "No, I mean I just found couch candy!"
Darwin says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Gumball and Darwin eat said couch candy and resume their vegging; they sigh. The message continues with the words "ERR… FORGET IT…" The episode ends.