In Gumball and Darwin's Room.
Episode begins with Gumball tying a string around one of his teeth.
Darwin says: "Dude, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Well, I need money and the tooth fairy will provide."
Darwin says: "What about your allowance?"
Gumball says: "I spent it on this bow and arrow."
Gumball picks up the bow and fires the arrow out the window. The string around his tooth is attached to the arrow, and its coiled-up length on the floor below the window begins to unravel.
Darwin says: "You do realize those are your adult teeth, right?"
Gumball gasps and frantically tries to untie his tooth, but fails. He is pulled off his feet face-first into the edge of the window pane and falls to the floor with his face dented in.
Darwin says: "What do you need the money for, anyway?"
Gumball says: "For the movies."
Gumball says: "How much do you think a nipple would go for?"
Darwin says: "What movie would be worth losing your ability to make cheese?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "First, I think you still have a lot to learn about us mammals."
Gumball says: "And secondly, we're talking about The Screamening!"
Gumball says: "It's the only movie in ten years that's not a remake, a sequel, a remake of a sequel, or a prequel of a sequel of a remake!"
Darwin says: "Really?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Time to dig into the money my biological parents left me!"
Gumball says: "How can you inherit money from a couple of goldfish?"
Darwin retrieves a small treasure chest from his bowl and opens it in front of Gumball, releasing several bubbles.
Darwin says: "Oooh!"
Gumball carefully pushes the bubbles back down into the chest.
Gumball says: "Maybe you should save these and invest them in the future."
Gumball says: "It's what they would have wanted."
Darwin says: "Then, where are we gonna get the money?"
The bedroom door suddenly opens with a loud bang. In the doorway stands Anais, bouncing a fat, pink, rattling piggy bank in her hand.
Anais says: "I have money."
Gumball says: "Actually, you don't have any money."
Gumball says: "Your piggy bank is filled with nails."
Darwin says: "Toenails."
In shock and disgust, Anais drops the piggy bank, which shatters on the floor.
Anais says: "EUUGH!!"
Darwin says: "And we replaced the money you stashed under the mattress with IOU's because we can't afford to pay you back."
Gumball says: "And I'm sorry about your college fund."
Gumball says: "The safe?"
Darwin says: "The safe?"
Anais says: "Well, at least you don't know about the thirty dollars mom just gave me."
Anais says: "What–what?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais finds her hands empty and sees her brothers holding her allowance, laughing merrily.
Gumball says: "This is perfect!"
Gumball says: "I'll pay you back!"
Anais says: "You don't have to pay me back."
Gumball says: "I don't?"
Gumball dances in joy until Anais swipes the thirty dollars from his hand.
Anais says: "On one condition: you take me with you."
Gumball says: "No way."
Gumball says: "You're way too young."
Gumball says: "You'd freak the wig out."
Anais says: "Oh, you don't think I can take it?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I know you can't take it."
Anais says: "You better believe I can take it."
Darwin says: "Why are you guys talking in scary voices?"
Gumball says: "'Cause, it's a scary movie, dude."
Darwin says: "A scary movie?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "If you don't take me, you don't get the money."
Gumball says: "Fine."
Gumball says: "I'll just wait 'til the end of the week when I get my allowance."
Anais says: "Ha!"
Anais says: "Good luck avoiding the spoilers until then."
Gumball says: "Well, good luck trying to think of a comeback to this."
Gumball performs a dance of mockery and Anais leaves.
In the School Bus.
Darwin says: "So..."
Darwin says: "when you said it was a scary movie, did you mean scary like thinking you left your lunchbox at home and then, realizing you have it, or really scary, like when you're blowing up a balloon and you're worried it might pop?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I think it's more like being chained to a bear in a free-falling airplane without parachutes that's filled with vampire bats… on fire."
Darwin whimpers and Tobias emerges from behind their seats.
Tobias​​​ says: "Have you guys seen The Screamening?"
Tobias​​​ says: "Ah, it's great!"
Gumball quickly pulls Tobias' headband down around his mouth.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "No spoilers!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, I need to forget that."
Gumball says: "Clear me."
Darwin shakes Gumball like an Etch-A-Sketch and his face disappears. Then, he grabs Gumball's ears and redraws his face, albeit poorly.
Gumball says: "Didn't work, but thanks anyway."
Avoiding More Spoilers.
The outside of the school is shown and the lunch bell rings. The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin in the cafeteria, gathering food for their trays.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I just need to get through the week and get my allowance without learning anything about The Screamening."
Gumball says: "Right?"
Darwin says: "Right!"
They sit at a table with Leslie, Banana Joe, Juke and Anton, and Gumball prepares to dig into his hot dog.
Darwin says: "Hey guys!"
Darwin says: "Has anyone seen The Screamening?"
Startled by Darwin's words, Gumball slams his fist down and accidentally squeezes the hot dog out of the bun. It lands in the mouth of Hot Dog Guy, who chokes and soon falls over.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry."
Darwin says: "I just need to prepare myself mentally."
Darwin says: "It's the suspense I can't handle."
Gumball says: "Can't handle suspense, huh?"
Gumball jumps up onto the table and poses as if to attack Darwin, but freezes.
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "To be continued."
Darwin says: "Noooooooo!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "Pssst!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "This is in the movie."
Leslie sticks two hot dogs inside his mouth like vampire teeth. He sways and undulates his body and leafy arms with a ghostly moan.
Darwin says: "Is it about vampires?"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "No, dude."
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's about a dentist."
Gumball growls angrily.
Darwin says: "Never mind."
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Banana Joe clears his throat to get Gumball and Darwin's attention. On the table rests his severed head, wearing spaghetti noodles for hair. His body repeatedly stabs the head with a fork as his head silently pretends to scream.
Banana Joe says: "Oh, yeah."
Banana Joe says: "The dentist's wife is a hairdresser."
Gumball slams his hands down on the table to silence everyone.
Juke says: "Pssst!"
Juke sets his plate down in front of Darwin and moves his peas around with his fork, demonstrating more elements of the movie's plot.
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball quickly eats Juke's peas and walks around the table, wolfing down Leslie and Banana Joe's lunches, too. He also tosses away Joe's plate, which hits the Green Bear at another table.
Gumball says: "No more spoilers!"
Gumball puts Anton facedown on his own ham sandwich, and to the others' horror, he silences Anton by eating him.
Back at Home.
Sitting on the living room sofa, Gumball opens up his laptop.
Gumball says: "Let's see what people are up to on Elmore Plus."
Gumball says: "Ah, Carrie."
He reads a post by Carrie.
Gumball says: ""If I was a certain mom-to-be, I wouldn't follow my husband down the cellar steps."
Gumball says: "" #ghostsinthebasement  #winkwink  #spoileralert"?"
Gumball says: "AAH!"
Gumball says: "What kind of lard-brained punk writes spoiler alert AFTER giving out the spoiler?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "#YOU!"
Gumball posts his comment and Masami instantly replies. He reads this aloud, too.
Gumball says: ""Wow!"
Gumball says: "Chill out, Gumball."
Gumball says: "You're going crazier than the wife when she sees what's down the–-" Aah!"
Gumball roars with a demonic face and his head spins completely around on his neck.
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "Darn you all!"
Gumball says: "I curse your ancestors and your descendants!"
Gumball hears Gary speaking in a creepy, demonic-sounding language and looks to see him staring through the mail slot with malicious, red eyes. Startled, Gumball instinctively backs away from him, accidentally knocking his laptop onto the floor.
Gumball says: "What the what, dude?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gary says: "Well, I was just finishing your quote from The Screamening."
Gary says: "It's scratched into the cellar door, right?"
Gumball throws a book, a plate and a pillow at the door to silence Gary and make him go away, but Gary still lingers. Gumball shouts in frustration, but Anais, who has calmly come downstairs, closes the mail slot cover on Gary's fingers, making him cry out in pain.
Gumball says: "Thank you!"
Anais says: "Don't mention it."
Anais says: "So..."
Anais says: "I was just in the kitchen."
Anais says: "I slipped and kinda accidentally baked this cake with chocolate writing on it that says "Gumball is Awesome."
Anais says: "" Do you want a slice?"
Gumball says: "C-a-a-a-ake!"
Gumball at once digs a chunk out of the cake and chows down merrily. But he suddenly starts choking and beats on his chest until a yellow MP3 player with headphones comes out of his mouth. He catches it and looks at it.
Anais says: "Oh, yeah."
Anais says: "And it's all yours!"
Anais says: "How does it taste?"
Gumball says: "Decibelicious."
Anais says: "Ah, you're so funny."
Anais says: "Hey, wanna watch some TV?"
She turns on the TV, which is airing a show similar to Pokemon.
Anais says: "So, will you take me to the movie this weekend?"
The show is interrupted for an instant as the word "YES" flashes on the screen.
Gumball says: "No."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "What about the subliminal message?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, I don't understand Japanese."
Anais says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "Look."
Gumball says: "I don't want my little sister to be traumatized, 'kay?"
Anais says: "This is girl-ist!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "It's because you're four!"
Anais says: "Well, then, it's age-ist!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "It's sister-who'll-be-so-freaked-out-by-seeing-the-movie-that-she'll-be-a-pain-in-the-butt-for-a-month-ist!"
Anais wraps her arm around Gumball's head and pulls him closer so that their cheeks touch. They stare into each other's eyes.
Anais says: "Gumball, I've already witnessed all the horror this world can muster."
Gumball says: "What did you see?"
Anais says: "I've seen a beast gorging on a thousand lambs in the darkness of his lair."
Gumball says: "Dude, we've all seen Dad eating a kebab in bed before."
Anais says: "I've been to the swimming pool with Granny Jojo."
Gumball cringes at the thought.
Anais says: "See?"
Anais says: "I can take it."
Anais says: "Try me."
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "I'm going to try and scare you, okay?"
A photo of a live piranha flashes on screen.
Piranha says: "Aaaaaah!"
Anais, who has frozen in terror and paled several shades, falls on her side like a statue, squishing the cake. Gumball, meanwhile, watches with a mischievous grin.
Gumball says: "Knew it."
Phone Conversation.
In his bedroom, Gumball talks with Penny on his cell phone.
Gumball says: "No, honestly."
Gumball says: "We need an extension to the police motto."
Gumball says: "It should say "To protect and to serve and to tase people who ruin movies for others."
Penny says: "Don't worry."
Penny says: "I wont reveal anything."
Gumball says: "No no no no no, please!"
Gumball says: "Don't!"
Penny says: "I'm just messing with you."
Gumball says: "Yeah, thanks."
Patrick says: "The one who unleashed the evil spirits!"
Patrick says: "Haha!"
Penny says: "Dad!"
Penny says: "Are you eavesdropping on us?!"
Penny says: "!"
Patrick says: "Uh, oh."
Patrick says: "Uh."
Gumball says: "That was a real spoiler too, wasn't it?"
Patrick says: "Yes, it was."
Darwin says: "Do you have any other spoilers, please?"
Gumball says: "Is anyone else eavesdropping!"
Gumball says: "?"
Nicole says: "Yup."
Richard says: "Yup."
Anais says: "Yup."
John says: "Yup."
Polly says: "Yup."
Polly says: "It's still worth seeing the film, though."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Polly says: "At least for the special effects when the demons are released from the cellar!"
Anais says: "Wait, she was allowed to see it?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Alright."
Gumball says: "Bye, everyone!"
In the Backyard.
Gumball is digging a hole.
Darwin says: "Dude, what are you doing now?"
Gumball says: "Digging a hole to put my head in."
Darwin says: "With your head, it would be easier to put it in an empty swimming pool."
Radio says: "And now, it's competition time!"
Radio says: "This week's big question is all about–  why is it called The Screamening?"
Radio says: "Looks like our first caller."
Rocky says: "Uh, hi."
Rocky says: "My name's Rocky Robinson."
Gumball walks away carrying the shovel.
Rocky is silenced by a shovel hitting him.
Radio says: "Rocky, are you there?"
Radio says: "Oh, never mind."
Radio says: "We have another caller on line two!"
Gumball comes back, satisfied.
Billy says: "Yes."
Billy says: "The Screamening is a portmanteau of the words "scream" and "awakening," which is the sound the dentist makes when his wife gives birth to a demon baby."
Gumball screams terribly from raw frustration.
Billy says: "Yes, just like that."
Gumball buries his head in the hole.
Darwin says: "By the way, why didn't you just turn off the radio?"
Gumball screams again.
Movie Time.
The calendar displays the twenty-sixth day of the month.
Gumball says: "Finally!"
Gumball says: "It's Saturday."
Gumball says: "Check!"
Thirty dollars are shown.
Gumball says: "Got my allowance?"
Gumball says: "Check!"
A bag of popcorn and other candies are shown next.
Gumball says: "Affordable candy 'cause the stuff at the movies is a total rip-off?"
Gumball says: "Check!"
A blanket, mittens, and a beanie are shown.
Gumball says: "Blankets, because they always go nuts with the air-conditioning?"
Gumball says: "Check!"
Hair tools are shown.
Gumball says: "Clippers in case someone with big hair sits in front of us."
Gumball says: "Check!"
A red carpet and other things are shown.
Gumball says: "A red carpet to make us feel special?"
Gumball says: "Check!"
With all these things in a backpack, and with headphones muffling his ears, Gumball blindfolds himself.
Gumball says: "I'm ready to see the film and I'm spoiler-proof for the journey!"
Gumball says: "Here we go!"
Gumball walks around bumping into things until he finally stops to remove the blindfold. When he finds the door, he puts the blindfold back on, and consequently, when he opens the door, it hits him and knocks him down.
The scene cuts to the cinema, where the movie is just beginning. The audience is shown watching intently, and they are startled by something in the film.
Darwin says: "I knew that was going to happen."
Darwin lip-syncs the characters' lines.
Woman says: "Honey, come home from the surgery, quick."
Woman says: "I got a call from your mysterious uncle."
Woman says: "He's leaving us his cabin!"
Man says: "But, honey!"
Man says: "We don't need a house."
Man says: "I'm just a simple dentist."
Unnoticed by Gumball and Darwin, a silent, pink hand emerges from the backpack, holding a camcorder.
Gumball says: "How do you know every single line of a film?"
Darwin says: "Well, I knew I would be terrified when I saw it."
Darwin says: "So, yesterday, I decided to watch it..."
Darwin says: "before I watch it."
As Gumball and Darwin share the popcorn, Anais' other hand reaches across like a snake and takes some from the bag as well, much to Gumball's bewilderment.
Man says: "Relax, honey!"
Man says: "We'll be there soon."
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Pantsbully says: "Would you please be quiet?"
Pantsbully says: "I'm trying to have a phone conversation here!"
Pantsbully says: "Yeah, yeah."
Pantsbully says: "There's some kid."
Pantsbully says: "Carry on."
Gumball reaches into the backpack and pulls Anais up by her ears.
Darwin says: "Anais, what are you doing?"
Anais says: "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Gumball says: "Pirating a movie!"
Anais says: "No, I'm not!"
Anais says: "I bought a ticket online, so I paid to be here."
Anais says: "I'm just taking the movie home to watch by myself, like a doggy bag."
Gumball grunts in irritation, but has no response.
Gumball says: "Actually, I can't see anything wrong with that."
Darwin says: "I still get the feeling she shouldn't be doing it, but why?"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais put their hands to their chins and ponder.
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Anais says: "Hmm."
Man says: "It's in the bush."
Man says: "It's coming!"
Through the movie house doors, Larry sees Anais with her camera and bursts into the room.
Larry says: "Hey!"
Larry says: "Movie piracy is a federal offense!"
Anais and Darwin gasp. Gumball snaps and points two finger guns, with which he motions to the floor, signaling his siblings to duck with him under the seats. In the darkness, they crawl across the floor until they encounter something unseen and gross.
Gumball says: "Aw, man."
Gumball says: "It's fossilized soda."
Darwin says: "Oh no!"
Darwin says: "Does this mean we're stuck to the floor because the dried cola is so sticky it's like superglue, and then our clothes will get stuck to it and we'll have to run naked through the theater, leading to all sorts of shenanigans?"
Gumball says: "Not really."
Gumball says: "It's more of a minor inconvenience."
Anais says: "Just keep going."
Anais says: "He's right behind us!"
Man says: "It's right behind us!"
Man says: "Faster!"
They scurry across the popcorn-covered floor, becoming covered in the kernels, until Larry's flashlight beam lands squarely on them. They turn at once and freeze with a gasp of terror. But the camouflage the kernels provide successfully blinds Larry to their presence, and he steps over them as he continues his search.
Gumball says: "Haha!"
Gumball says: "We're lucky that Larry's IQ is as small as his paycheck!"
Larry hears him and points his flashlight at him.
Gumball's words are cut off as Darwin pulls him away. He, Anais, and Darwin scramble through the rows of seats and encounter noisy audience members. To restore silence, Gumball takes Pantsbully's phone, slaps Jackie's tapping fingers, slaps Harold on the back to cure his cough, and takes Julius' drink to stop his slurping. They soon reach a dead end.
Darwin says: "It's a dead end."
Darwin says: "What'll we do?"
Gumball says: "We use the folding seats like a diving board to propel ourselves up to the fire exit."
Gumball says: "Like this."
Gumball opens an untaken seat and tries to jump onto it, but the seat closes and he ends up sandwiched in it.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Anais says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "You guys go..."
Gumball says: "and leave me behind."
Darwin says: "Nooo!"
Gumball says: "And go give yourselves up."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Anais says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, at least one of us can make it."
Anais says: "And why should it be you?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Listen, Gumball."
Darwin says: "I have an idea, but you're not gonna like it."
Larry approaches.
Woman says: "It's the baby!"
Woman says: "It's coming!"
Gumball says: "Just do it."
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Darwin hops up on top of a seat and announces to the entire audience...
Darwin says: "The demon baby was just a figment of his imagination because the dentist has seven split personalities and every character in the movie was him!"
Everyone groans in frustrated disappointment. Gumball, Anais, and Darwin blend in with the crowd as they leave the room.
Woman says: "Honey, look."
Woman says: "Say hello to your beautiful new baby."
Anais returns to peek through the door, excited to get a glimpse of the demon baby. But when she sees it and hears its hideous scream, her smile turns to a look of abject terror.
The Ending.
Gumball and Darwin are sitting together on a bench outside the theater with ice cream cones in their hands. Darwin sighs as his brother disinterestedly licks his treat.
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, man."
Darwin says: "Here."
Darwin says: "You can hit me if you like."
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "You saved me from a HUGE disappointment."
Gumball says: "That movie had the worst ending in the galaxy."
Gumball says: "Also, I got my money back, so all's well that ends well."
Gumball says: "Right, sis?"
Sitting with them is Anais, pale and paralyzed with terror, her face frozen in a scream without sound. Gumball gives her a "lick" of his ice cream and the episode ends with him rubbing and smearing his ice cream all over her silent, petrified face.