Darwin's in Love!
The episode starts with the camera focused on the Watterson brother's bedroom window before it switches to Darwin, whom is looking wistfully at his computer's screen. He sighs, then turns on his boombox. The boombox cries tears through the speakers. As an electric guitar piece starts to play, Darwin steps back, takes a seat by the bunk bed, and begins to sing.
Your photo on the screen.
My eyes well up, I vent my spleen,.
Your photo on the screen.
The bedroom begins to flood even more, eventually causing Darwin to be submerged in the water.
Darwin says: "Your chair a throne, you're like a queen."
My heart is drenched in gasoline.
You look at me, yet I'm unseen,.
Your photo on the screen.
Darwin starts to sink down into the water.
Darwin says: "Without you, I can't breathe!"
Without you, I can't brea—.
Darwin is interrupted by Gumball, whom is curious on to what Darwin's troubles are. The music also stops.
Gumball says: "What's going on, bro?"
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "Nothing!"
The water in the bedroom suddenly vanishes. Gumball and Darwin land face-first on the floor.
Gumball says: "Then whose photo were you singing about?"
Darwin says: "No one's!"
Darwin says: "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go look wistfully at the sunset."
Darwin heads for the door and leaves the room.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "It's two P."
Gumball says: "M."
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin quickly returns to the room and dons a pair of sunglasses before heading out again.
Darwin says: "Then I'll be gone for a while."
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Curious, Gumball gets on the computer and looks at Darwin's secret photo, an image of their classroom with Teri in the center.
Gumball says: "This kid needs help, badly!"
Gumball says: "And there's only one person who can help him badly enough!"
Planning a Series of Bleak Events.
Cut to the next day. The school bus is seen passing the camera. The camera then cuts to Gumball discussing his plans with somebody on the bus.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "So the plan is: we make her fall in love with you, then you guys date, become high school sweethearts, go to separate colleges and probably experiment more, break-up after a massive argument because one of you cheated, then you'll have to marry someone else and have kids because you'll want to feel normal, but one day you'll do an online search to see if either of you got fat or bald."
Gumball says: "Next thing you know you'll be paying a ton of money on divorce and alimony, but don't worry, because by the time you realize your mistake, you'll be in your winter years where all that matters is having someone to fight with."
The camera angle changes revealing that Gumball has been talking to Carrie the entire time.
Carrie says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "Normally I would talk through my plans with Darwin, but he can't really know about this one."
Carrie says: "That wasn't a plan."
Carrie says: "That was just a series of bleak things that'll probably happen."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but still."
Gumball says: "Would you help me make her fall in love with Darwin?"
Carrie says: "Heh!"
Carrie says: "Well, it depends."
Carrie says: "Who's the "her" in this conversation?"
Gumball says: "Teri!"
Gumball says: "Darwin's into Teri."
Carrie says: "Oh, really?"
Carrie says: "I see..."
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "Weird, right?"
Gumball says: "I thought he was into you, but nope, it's definitely Teri!"
Gumball says: "There's photographic evidence if you want to see it."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "It's her!"
Gumball says: "It's Teri!"
Gumball says: "Look at it!"
Gumball says: "Can you see?"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "You're not looking!"
Darwin's Poem.
At the sports field, Darwin is sitting in the bleachers with a notepad in his lap, writing a love poem.
Darwin says: "The only difference between love and pain is the spelling."
Darwin says: "The only difference between me and you is..."
Darwin says: "is..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "the way I'm smelling!"
Darwin says: "Hmm!"
Inspired, Darwin writes down what he just heard. Gumball, who is still with Carrie, laughs immaturely until he realizes she is not amused, and stops.
Gumball says: "Can kids buy potions?"
Carrie says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "You know, some kind of love potion that tricks you into thinking everyone is beautiful."
Carrie says: "That sounds more like a mistake potion and we'd need a fake I."
Carrie says: "D."
Carrie says: "to buy one."
Gumball says: "Well, do you know how to make one?"
Gumball says: "We need to help him out before he grows a fringe."
Carrie says: "No."
Carrie says: "Sorry, I don't."
Carrie says: "And what's wrong with emo hair?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball points to his left. The camera quickly shifts focus to Darwin, who now has a full head of black hair with streaks of magenta dye, and a pierced tail fin.
Carrie says: "I-I suppose it's not for everyone."
Gumball says: "I got an idea!"
Gumball says: "They say the feeling of falling in love is similar to experiencing a life-or-death situation."
Carrie says: "So?"
Gumball says: "So, let's give Teri a little adrenaline rush!"
Gumball says: "Come on, I need your help!"
Carrie says: "Oh, sure..."
Carrie says: "I'll help you."
Gumball says: "Great!"
Carrie says: "I'll help you fail!"
Get to the Quarantine Room!
The school bell rings and Teri is seen in the hallway opening her locker. Suddenly, a deformed Gumball covered in a green liquid crawls out of the room across from her. Teri backs away, horrified.
Gumball says: "Quick, save yourself!"
Gumball says: "There's been a poisonous chemical spill!"
Gumball says: "Get to the quarantine room!"
The camera now shows Carrie in a darkened classroom, pouring a green soda on the floor to imitate the chemicals. She has a mischievous grin.
Gumball says: "My skin!"
Gumball says: "It burns!"
Carrie says: ""Oops."
Carrie "accidentally" throws out the soda bottle, revealing Gumball's plan. As it falls into the open, Gumball and Teri stare at the empty bottle. Teri then steps forward to take a closer look.
Teri says: "Hmm..."
Teri says: "Kinda looks like soda."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "It's a lethal cocktail of chemicals that will completely destroy your metabolism, deforming your body until your butt crack reaches your shoulder blades!"
Teri says: "Oh, Gumball, you're such a hypochondriac."
Teri pulls out a disinfecting spray from her locker and proceeds to walk away from Gumball, spraying the floor in front of her before each step.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "The quarantine room is right there!"
Gumball says: "Well, I guess we should get Darwin out of the quarantine room before the nurse gets back."
Cut to inside the "quarantine room" in the nurse's office. Darwin is seen with a rose in his mouth and taped to the wall, which has a painting of a heart which he is in the center of and there are lit candles on the floor. Romantic music is playing in the background. The school nurse then enters the room.
Joan says: "I don't think there's a cure for that."
She quickly leaves and closes the door.
EXPOSED!
The school bell rings once more, and the scene transitions to Darwin hastily eating a burger and drinking some water in the cafeteria. Gumball then sits next to him.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin I'm eating as much as I can before it comes back.
Gumball says: "Before what comes back?"
Darwin suddenly regurgitates the burger he just ate in perfect condition. He also spits out the water he was drinking directly into his cup.
Darwin says: "The knot in my stomach."
Gumball looks under the table, seeing that Darwin has a literal knot in his stomach.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "You know what all girls like?"
Darwin says: "Being treated like they're all the same and having generalizations made about them?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "They all hate that."
Gumball says: "But they all love a guy who's not scared of being vulnerable."
Gumball says: "Share your secrets."
Gumball says: "She'll love you for your imperfections."
Darwin says: "I don't think she's going to fall for a guy who pees in the fish bowl when the water's cold."
Gumball says: "Fine."
Gumball says: "Whatever."
Gumball says: "It wasn't my idea anyways."
Gumball says: "It was hers."
Teri and Carrie are seen laughing in the foreground. Darwin blushes, but then stands up, looking determined.
Darwin says: "Okay!"
Darwin says: "She wants me to expose myself?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Then I'll expose myself!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "V-verbally."
Darwin walks over to Teri and Carrie, and starts shouting embarrassing things.
Darwin says: "I HAVE A CLOACA BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND I'M TOO SCARED TO LOOK IT UP!"
Darwin says: "ONCE I HAD A BIT OF MEAT STUCK IN MY TEETH FOR A WEEK."
Darwin says: "I SWALLOWED IT INSTEAD OF SPITTING IT OUT, AND IT TASTED LIKE TOOTHPASTE!"
Darwin says: "AND WHEN I FEEL AWKWARD, I FORGET HOW TO WALK!"
Darwin says: "OKAY, BYE!"
Darwin begins to awkwardly stagger away as Teri and Carrie stare at him. Teri's expression is rather bemused.
Teri says: "Heh!"
Teri says: "What was that?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri and Carrie continue laughing. Carrie's expression, however, changes to melancholy as she sighs sadly.
He's Just Not Into You, I Guess...
At the library, Gumball and Carrie approach the computers.
Gumball says: "Right!"
Gumball says: "Plan C!"
Gumball says: "We secretly marry them online, and hope that Teri's love will grow over time."
Carrie says: "Great plan..."
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Carrie says: "..."
Carrie says: "if C stands for "Seriously stupid!"
Gumball says: "That's not how you spell "serious," so that doesn't even work."
Gumball says: "And we're not at "Plan S," so..."
Gumball says: ""shh."
Gumball says: "" That starts with an "S."
Carrie says: "Why did you have to drag me into this?"
Carrie says: "You know very well that I like Darwin."
Carrie says: "It's written all over my face."
Gumball says: "Your face is literally two dots and a line."
Gumball says: "It's like Morse code!"
Gumball says: "What does that expression even mean?"
Gumball says: "Are you intrigued?"
Gumball says: "Skeptical?"
Gumball says: "Hunger?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Carrie says: "I'm disappointed."
Gumball's expression softens as he realizes he has been unsympathetic.
Gumball says: "Oh..."
Gumball says: "l-look, I'm really sorry."
Gumball says: "He's just not into you, I guess."
Carrie says: "I meant I'm disappointed in myself."
Carrie says: "If you like someone, you're supposed to help them find happiness."
Carrie says: "Not ruin their chances."
Gumball says: "Aww..."
Gumball says: "come here."
In an effort to comfort her, Gumball tries hugging Carrie, but he passes through her since she's a ghost, and falls face-first on the floor.
Carrie says: "Also, I lied."
Gumball lifts his face off the floor, sporting a black eye.
Gumball says: "About what?"
Carrie says: "I do know how to make a love potion."
Concocting a Love Potion.
In the school science lab, Carrie is seen throwing a shoe like the ones Darwin wears and a piece of paper symbolizing Teri, into a cauldron full of volatile green liquid.
Carrie says: "A part of him, a part of her, and one last ingredient:  the tear of someone who loves him."
Carrie floats to the pot and sheds a tear into it. The potion turns a bright pink color, and romantic R&B music starts playing. Gumball's face becomes perplexed.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Where's that music coming from?"
I Can Still See!
At the schoolyard, Darwin and Teri are seen on benches opposite to each other. Darwin is wanting to eat his sandwich, but puts it down and sighs sadly. Teri, meanwhile, is sanitizing her hands. The camera cuts to Gumball and Carrie. Carrie is carrying a vial of love potion.
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Carrie says: "It's fine."
Carrie says: "This is all for Darwin."
Gumball grabs a headless arrow, sticks it in the vial of love potion and readies a bow he arbitrarily pulled off-screen.
Carrie says: "Wha—"
Carrie says: "?"
Carrie says: "Wait!"
Carrie says: "What are you doing?!"
Carrie says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, I thought it would be more romantic than putting it in their drinks when they're not looking."
Carrie stammers in protest, but says nothing. Gumball proceeds to shoot the arrow at Darwin off-screen.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "I love you, Teri!"
Gumball dips another headless arrow into the vial of love potion, loads it into the bow, and shoots at Teri off-screen.
Teri says: "Aaah!"
Teri says: "I love you too, Darwin!"
Gumball and Carrie look at each other and shrug. They then look back at Darwin and Teri, who are now giggling and kissing off-screen. Gumball and Carrie, repulsed, cover each other's eyes. However, due to Carrie being a ghost, Gumball sees through her hands.
Gumball says: "I can still see!"
That's Not a Photo of Teri!
In Gumball and Darwin's bedroom, Darwin is seen spraying pink cologne in excess everywhere. He is humming happily while doing so. He then drops the cologne and looks at himself in a mirror, winking at his reflection. Gumball suddenly walks in.
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm pretty sure you just punched a hole in the ozone layer, man!"
Darwin says: "I just want to smell my best for my date!"
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Well, I think I'm owed a little "thank you—"
Gumball says: ""  I think I'm owed a little "thank you" for fixing your love life."
Darwin says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "Darwin, I saw it."
Darwin says: "Saw what?"
Gumball turns on the computer, showing Darwin's photo.
Gumball says: "Your photo of Teri."
Gumball says: "Let's just say, Carrie and I lent a "helping hand," and let's just say that this "helping hand" involved the dark arts and a dangerous weapon."
Gumball says: "Because it did."
Darwin says: "Ohhh..."
Darwin says: "That's not a photo of Teri!"
Darwin says: "It's of Carrie!"
Darwin says: "But she doesn't show up on film."
Gumball, suddenly looking horrified, turns to the computer. The camera zooms in on the photo and a transparent outline of Carrie is shown in the desk in front of Teri's.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, she used to be the girl of my dreams."
Darwin says: "Anyway, gotta go."
Gumball says: "Carrie, Carrie, Carrie!"
Responding to Gumball's summoning, Carrie appears in front of Gumball.
Carrie says: "What?!"
Carrie says: "!"
Gumball says: "Give me a gentle slap on the arm."
Carrie lightly slaps his hand.
Carrie says: "What was that for?"
Gumball says: "I, uh..."
Gumball says: "got it all mixed up."
Gumball says: "Darwin never loved Teri..."
Gumball says: "He loved you!"
Carrie, now furious, prepares to hit Gumball for real.
Gumball says: "BUT YOU SLAPPED ME ALREADY SO YOU'VE HAD YOUR REVENGE!"
Carrie puts down her hand and groans in frustration.
Carrie says: "So what now?"
Gumball says: "Instead of playing Matchmaker, we're going to have to play Matchbreaker!"
Matchbreakers!
At the schoolyard, Teri is seen lovingly texting Darwin. Carrie, hiding behind a tree, flies into Teri and possesses her. The possessed Teri quickly texts Darwin. Meanwhile at the library, Darwin is on a computer. He suddenly receives a strange message.
Gumball and Carrie, hiding behind a bookshelf, watch this with annoyance. Gumball then sees Alan nearby, humming while reading a book. He grabs Alan and rubs him against his fur.
Alan​​​ says: "Aah!"
Alan​​​ says: "What have I done?"
Gumball pushes Alan in a random direction, and Alan is suddenly drawn by static electricity toward Teri, who is walking with Darwin; as a result, Alan and Teri's heads get stuck together. As Darwin looks on in surprise, Carrie appears behind Darwin with a baseball bat. She holds it out for Darwin to take.
Darwin says: "What's that for?"
Carrie says: "A crime of passion."
Darwin says: "She's too good not to be shared."
Carrie looks surprised at first, but then sighs and turns away, throwing the bat over her shoulder. The bat clonks Gumball on the head, knocking him down. The scene then cuts to the Watterson brother's bedroom at night. Gumball and Carrie feed Darwin fish flakes while he's sleeping. Mischievously, they dump all the fish flakes into Darwin's bowl. The scene then cuts to school.
Teri says: "Hmm."
Teri says: "You're not quite the same as when we met."
The camera zooms out to reveal Darwin has grown really fat from being overfed in his sleep.
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm?"
Teri says: "That means there's more of you to love!"
Teri and Darwin kiss. In the background, Gumball and Carrie face-plant their heads on the desks, but Carrie goes right through hers, yelping in surprise. The scene cuts to the Watterson's house; Gumball, Teri, and Richard are in the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Teri, meet your future father-in-law."
Richard is drinking milk from the carton, but then drops it when he sees Teri. He looks at Teri in confusion, then, noticing the mess he made on the floor, he then proceeds to clean it with his sock.
Richard says: "I'm sorry."
Richard says: "Please don't judge me!"
Teri says: "Mmm..."
Teri says: "it was unhygienic, but I guess you cleaned it."
Richard says: "Not for that, for this."
Richard removes his sock, squeezes the milk into his mouth, and drinks it. Teri recoils, gasping in disgusted shock, but then she forms her "love" face again.
Teri says: "Can I call him "Dad?"
Gumball growls in irritation. The scene cuts to the schoolyard. Darwin is sitting on a bench eating his lunch as Teri runs up to him, looking panicked.
Teri says: "Darwin, I've just seen the nurse!"
Teri says: "Apparently I have cooties!"
Teri says: "How?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "Who else have you kissed?!"
Teri says: "!"
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
As Teri lists each of Darwin's past kisses, scenes from "The Party," "Halloween," "The Prank," "The Pressure," "The Dress," "The Responsible," "The Finale," "The Dream," "The Traitor," and "The Burden" are shown.
Teri says: "Rachel?"
Teri says: "Carrie?"
Teri says: "Gumball?"
Teri says: "Gumball?"
Teri says: "Gumball?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "Okay, what's up with you guys?"
Teri says: "Penny?"
Teri says: "Sussie?"
Teri says: "Alan's balloon knot?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "Chris Morris?!"
Teri says: "!"
Teri says: "Alright, enough!"
The camera shows a close-up of Darwin's dirty teeth, with his mouth still full of food.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What's wrong?"
Teri screams, but then sighs lovingly, imagining that Darwin looks extremely handsome. They join each other on the bench and begin kissing.
True Love.
The camera cuts to Gumball and a heartbroken Carrie, who watch the infatuated couple. Carrie whimpers in defeat.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry..."
Carrie, watching Darwin and Teri, sniffs and begins crying. Darwin and Teri separate and look at each other with "love" faces. Darwin, however, glances over Teri's shoulder and sees Carrie breaking into tears. There is a moment where he is staring at Carrie blankly. Suddenly, the effect of the love potion is nullified and Darwin returns to his normal self. Darwin gasps, pushes Teri away, and rushes to Carrie, who is still crying. Upon seeing Darwin approach her, she is surprised. Gumball is equally in awe.
Gumball says: "True love broke the spell!"
Carrie stops crying and wipes away her tears. Gumball nudges her with his elbow.
Gumball says: "Come on..."
Gumball says: "say something."
Carrie approaches Darwin. Both are blushing and smiling.
Carrie says: "Uh, hey..."
Carrie says: "so, would you like to go out somewhere sometime and do..."
Carrie says: "something?"
Carrie says: "Or-or we could go somewhere else sometime and do some..."
Carrie says: "other thing."
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "they both sound great."
Teri suddenly gets up, still love-struck, and begins growling.
Gumball says: "Hold on a second."
Taking his bow and arrow from earlier, he shoots a love potion spiked arrow at Teri's spray bottle. Teri gasps in surprise as the arrow impacts, but then she immediately falls in love with her disinfectant spray. As the camera switches back to Gumball, Darwin, and Carrie, Teri is heard spraying herself with disinfectant while humming contentedly.
Gumball says: "Please, continue."
Darwin and Carrie tentatively inch toward each other, then they take one another's hands and kiss. Gumball watches happily as they embrace, though Carrie covers his eyes with her arm. Gumball, however, can still see through her.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I can still see..."
Gumball says: "but I don't mind."
The episode ends.