In the Library.
Alan, Gumball, and Darwin are browsing the internet. Gumball eats some chips noisily while they do this.
Darwin says: "Shh!"
Gumball tries to chew slowly and quietly, and Darwin shakes his head. He continues chewing, then tries to swallows as silent as possible. Just as Darwin continues browsing, Gumball opens a bottle of soda with a hiss. He glares at his brother, and the latter again tries to open the bottle slowly and quietly.
Darwin says: "Dude."
Darwin says: "You're not allowed to bring food into the library!"
Darwin says: "You might damage one of the computers!"
Gumball says: "Ooooooh!"
He threatens to spill some soda on their computer.
He slams his head into the computer, and causes it to burst into flames. He and Darwin scream silently. Gumball motions to his soda, but Darwin shakes his head. He dumps his soda on the flames anyway, and this makes the fire to go out. But the soda electrocutes the computer monitor, and starts another fire. The duo scream silently again, and Gumball takes a fire extinguisher. He tries to put out the fire by literally beating the fire with the extinguisher, and this makes the computer explode and stop burning. The explosion is heard by the Librarian.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "I'm a goner!"
Gumball says: "The Librarian is gonna hang me, quarter me, roast me, feed me to the dogs, pick up the pieces, rebuild me, and… and say really mean things to me!"
Darwin says: "Dude, calm down."
Darwin says: "The Librarian is pretty chill."
Darwin says: "She'll understand it was an accident."
The Librarian shows up behind them, growling like an alligator, on the other side of the room.
Librarian says: "Who… did..."
Librarian says: "THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSS??!!"
Librarian says: "!!"
Gumball and Darwin brace themselves. Alan suddenly stands in their way.
Alan​​​​ says: "It was I."
Librarian says: "Detention!"
Gumball says: "Dude, why?"
Alan turns around with a saintly face.
Alan​​​​ says: "It's okay."
Testing Alan.
From the hallway, Gumball and Darwin watch as Alan takes the blame for them in the principal's office. Principal Brown, Miss Simian, and the Librarian shout at him while he sheds a tear down his saintly face.
Gumball says: "Dude, why would he do that?"
Darwin says: "Because he's pure!"
Darwin says: "That's not even the nicest thing he's done!"
Darwin says: "Remember the swimming pool?"
Flashback. Tobias is unconscious by the pool with a group of students gathered around him.
Teri says: "Somebody help!"
Teri says: "Who knows CPR?!"
Teri says: "!"
Alan barges into the pool.
Alan​​​​ says: "I do."
He puts his end on Tobias's mouth, and pushes some of the air inside him into Tobias.
Alan​​​​ says: "Come on!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Come ON!"
He continues to do this, and in the process deflates himself slowly.
Teri says: "But, Alan, what about you?!"
Teri says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "There are more important things than me."
He strains, and completely deflates himself. Tobias wakes up, inhales deeply, and grabs Alan.
The flashback ends with Gumball and Darwin shivering.
Gumball says: "He was so disgustingly nice, I threw up puppies for days."
Gumball says: "But you know what?"
Gumball says: "I bet he isn't really that nice!"
Gumball says: "Everyone has a breaking point, and I'm gonna prove it to you!"
Darwin frowns at his brother.
Darwin says: "Why on earth would you want to do that?"
Gumball says: "For science!"
Gumball says: "And because the people deserve to know!"
Gumball says: "And because I got nothing else to do today."
Scene skips to Alan thumbs-upping every post on Elmore Plus. Gumball and Darwin watch him with their faces sandwiched through books.
Gumball says: "For a dude with no thumbs, he sure does give a lot of thumbs-up."
Alan​​​​ says: "Well, it doesn't cost anything, and it might just buy someone a smile."
Gumball says: "I will break you!"
Alan​​​​ says: "What?"
Gumball and Darwin drop their "disguises".
Gumball says: "Someone over there needs your help for like two minutes."
Alan​​​​ says: "Always happy to help!"
Gumball says: "Alan?"
Gumball says: "Make it three."
Alan​​​​ says: "You got it!"
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Nobody likes a two-Dist."
The status update immediately receives so much thumbs-down that the screen overflows with them. Alan returns.
Gumball says: "Oh, Alan!"
Gumball says: "So, did you help 'em?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Everyone was okay, but I made them even more okay!"
Alan gets pummeled by thumbs-down icons being launched from the computer.
Alan​​​​ says: "What happened?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "I just assassinated your social life."
Gumball says: "What are you gonna do about it?"
Alan glares at them as there is a ominous tolling bell ring, and goes menacingly near Gumball. But he kisses Gumball, and pulls his "saintly" face.
Alan​​​​ says: "Thank you."
Alan​​​​ says: "Now I get a chance to befriend them all again."
Gumball says: "I WILL BREAK YOU, MAN!"
Gumball says: "No one's this nice!"
Gumball says: "NO ONE!"
Gumball says: "Because if they were, I'd have to ask some very difficult questions about myself!"
Framed.
The bell rings, and the scene cuts to the Watterson duo in the yard. Darwin is drawing on a balloon that looks exactly like Alan.
Darwin says: "What does Alan look like again?"
Gumball says: "He's got this cheesy, noble expression all the time, like this."
Gumball rubs his face, and creates a perfect replica of Alan's face. He also imitates the music that plays when Alan does the face.
Gumball says: "Make sure you get it exactly right."
Gumball says: "Don't forget any details."
Darwin says: "Okay, I think it's done!"
Darwin shows his work. He not only draws the face, but Gumball doing it in the schoolyard. Gumball scowls at him.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You said, "don't forget any details."
Gumball grabs Darwin's face, and puts it on the balloon.
Gumball says: "That'll have to do."
Darwin says: "What's this for, anyway?"
Gumball does an evil laugh, and his brother laughs along, albeit nervously.
Darwin says: "Why are we-- w-why are we laughing?"
Gumball continues his evil laughter.
Darwin says: "Well, whatever it is, it sounds like it's gonna be a fun surprise!"
The scene cuts to the principal's office. Carmen and Alan are both sitting in front of Principal Brown's desk.
Carmen says: "Principal Brown, is there a reason you wanted to see us?"
Gumball says: "Yes, but I'm not Principal Brown."
Gumball turns around to face them. His chair continues wheeling around.
Gumball says: "That's right, it's me."
The chair's backrest pushes Gumball, and he quickly pushes it away, accidentally knocks a cup of coffee, pencils, and papers down and composes himself.
Carmen says: "It's a prescription for butt cream?"
Gumball nervously replaces it with the right file. Carmen lets out a big gasp at what she sees, and Alan becomes shocked.
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "I'm afraid Alan's been cheating on you..."
Gumball says: "with everyone-- and I mean everyone-- and everything."
Carmen sees photos of "Alan" Darwin's face on a teal balloon kissing Carrie, Teri, Jamie, Tobias, Banana Joe, Leslie, and a toilet bowl.
Carmen says: "What have you got to say for yourself?!"
Carmen says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yes, Alan."
Gumball says: "What do you have to say for yourself?"
Carmen says: "Come on!"
Carmen says: "I can take it!"
Carmen says: "Where does this leave us?!"
Carmen says: "!"
Carmen says: "What am I supposed to think?!"
Carmen says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Carmen, I love you too much to tell you how to feel."
Carmen says: "Well, I'll tell you how to feel!"
She gets up, and walks to the door.
Carmen says: "Single!"
Gumball says: "Any minute now."
Alan has a shocked and confused expression.
Gumball says: "Here it comes."
The Last Meatball.
In the cafeteria, the scene skips to Alan finishing his spaghetti meal.
Alan​​​​ says: "I'm eating spaghetti and meatballs."
Alan​​​​ says: "But I'm saving the meatballs till last!"
From the far corridor, Gumball comes in.
Gumball runs, and grabs his last meatball.
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "Oh, no!"
Gumball says: "I stole the last meatball!"
Gumball says: "Mmm!"
Gumball says: "It tastes so good 'cause it's the only one left!"
Gumball says: "MMM!"
Gumball says: "The secret ingredient is your despair!"
Gumball laughs, then eats the meatball, taunting Alan all the while.
Alan​​​​ says: "But I always save the best part of my meal for someone who deserves it more than I."
Alan​​​​ says: "I wanted you to have it for being such a great friend."
Gumball goes mad, and starts acting like Miss Simian.
In the Classroom.
Gumball holds a tape, and he stands next to a TV with Darwin.
Gumball says: "Am I going too far?"
Darwin says: "No no no."
Darwin says: "You went too far about seven hours ago."
Darwin says: "Now you're going to prison."
Alan​​​​ says: "So, what's the surprise?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "I can barely contain myself!"
Gumball says: "I sold your parents."
Alan​​​​ says: "What?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "I said, "I sold your parents."
He puts on the tape, and it shows the creepy clown entertaining some kids.
Clown says: "Now, who wants to see balloon tricks?"
Jessica says: "No!"
Jessica says: "Please!"
Jessica says: "I have a son!"
Jessica says: "Dexter, make it stop!"
Dexter says: "JESSICA!"
The clown continues, and makes her into an animal. He proceeds to twist Dexter. Alan is smiling nervously.
Gumball says: "Dude, how can you be smiling at this?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Look at the happiness they're bringing to those children."
Alan​​​​ says: "It's beautiful."
Alan​​​​ says: "Also, they're balloons, you know."
Alan​​​​ says: "It's not that bad."
Gumball and Darwin gape at him.
Dexter says: "They've made me into a hat!"
Alan's Secret to Life.
Outside the school, Gumball breathes close to Alan. Then he grabs him, and bang heads together. While this happens, Alan squeaks.
Gumball says: "HOW CAN YOU NOT BE ANGRY AFTER ALL I'VE DONE TO YOU?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "After all I've done to you."
Gumball says: "I made you lose all your friends, your girlfriend, sold your parents."
Gumball says: "Even worse, I ate your last meatball -- all of this to prove you can be just as bad as me?"
Gumball says: "Could it be that… that… that I was wrong?"
Darwin says: "IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, thanks, man."
Gumball says: "I almost doubted myself there."
Alan​​​​ says: "The secret is to stay positive."
Alan​​​​ says: "You know, Gumball, when a man says "yes" to life, life says "yes" to him."
Hobo says: "Hey, kid, you want to buy this popsicle?"
Hobo says: "I just found it on the sidewalk."
Alan​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Here's twenty dollars!"
Rosie says: "Do you want to swap your popsicle for my balloons?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Mom!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Dad!"
They hug, then his parents fly away.
Hobo says: "Here's the twenty dollars I owe you."
Hobo says: "With interest, that comes to twenty million."
As he leaves, Carrie and Sarah go to Alan, and touch him affectionately.
Carmen says: "GET OFF MY MAN!"
Carmen tosses Sarah away, and Carrie floats away.
Carmen says: "Do you still love me, Alan?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Carmen says: "Then have some of these meatballs I prepared for you."
Alan​​​​ says: "Yes."
Alan​​​​ says: "I love you."
Carmen says: "I love you."
Gumball rubs his eyes while they're still open, then yelps in pain.
Darwin says: "Dude, what did you expect?"
Darwin says: "You just rubbed your bare eyeballs with your fists."
Gumball says: "We've been living our lives wrong all this time!"
Gumball says: "From now on, we say yes to everything!"
In Elmore Hospital.
Twitchy Scientist says: "Thank you for agreeing to do this highly experimental testing!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "Are you sure that you want to go ahead with it?"
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Darwin says: "Yes?"
Twitchy Scientist says: "I'm not gonna lie to you."
Twitchy Scientist says: "We found these in the back of the fridge."
Twitchy Scientist says: "If you're worried about the taste, I can always inject it!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "What do you say?!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "!"
The scene shows the outside of their room, and Gumball and Darwin scream/steam in pain. It cuts to Gumball on a bed, horribly mutated.
Gumball says: "I don't feel so good."
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin is shown, even more disfigured than Gumball is.
Darwin says: "Me, neither."
Twitchy Scientist says: "Thanks, guys!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "I'll file those under "Never try this again."
Gumball says: "Yay."
Darwin says: "Yay."
Saving the Pigeons.
Gumball and Darwin walk across the streets, then encounter Mr. Small.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Hey, do you kids want to do something for charity?"
Gumball and Darwin look at each other.
Gumball says: "Yes."
Darwin says: "Yes."
The scene skips to them up in the air, in a plane with a banner that says "SAVE THE PIGEONS" on it. The two are dressed as pigeons.
Gumball says: "What charity is this for again?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: ""Save the pigeons!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "" I made the costumes myself."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Pretty cool, huh?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Although the parachutes are rated for slightly lighter people."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Is that gonna be okay?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Darwin says: "Yes."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Good."
Gumball says: "Quick -- pull!"
They pull their parachutes only to find that they are too small to carry them. Gumball and Darwin plunge directly to the ground.
Gumball says: "At least we saved some pigeons!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Oh, no, no, no."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "We raised awareness of the cause."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "We didn't actually save any."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Who's flying the plane?"
The plane crashes into a building.
Saving a Stranger.
Gumball says: "Dude, this isn't working!"
Gumball says: "We said "yes" to everything, and has anything good happened?!"
Gumball says: "!"
On the sidewalk across them, Tony suddenly collapses, and his face turns red.
Mr. Russo says: "Is there a doctor in the street?"
Doctor Literature says: "I am a doctor… of literature."
Soap Opera Doctor says: "I'm a doctor… in a soap opera!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "I was a doctor!"
Mr. Russo says: "Is there an actual doctor in the street?"
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "But he needs us!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "We'll help him -- but only after we study medicine for seven years."
Darwin says: "But he needs us now!"
Gumball says: "I am not putting my hand on the slimy gizzard of some stranger!"
Darwin says: "But what if we save his life, he lives, wins the lottery, and we end up with our own jetpacks, wearing pants made out of white tiger skin while eating unobtanium in a house made of crystal?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Mr. Russo says: "Please, is there a doctor in the street?!"
Mr. Russo says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
The scene switches to the Watterson's house, now a mound with large crystals embedded in it. Gumball with blonde hair and Darwin with brown hair live out their life, flying with jet packs while wearing pants made out of tiger skin and eating unobtanium. They toast their unobtanium together.
Gumball says: "Dude, this is amazing!"
Darwin says: "It's everything we ever wanted!"
They laugh, and toast again.
Gumball says: "I hate it."
Darwin says: "I know, right?"
Darwin says: "I feel like I've got something heavy in the pit of my stomach."
Gumball says: "That'll be the unobtanium."
Gumball says: "The problem is, when you have everything, you have nothing left to complain about."
Gumball says: "I think I liked it better when life was crummy."
Darwin says: "Let's get back to the way we were."
They unstrap their jet packs, and fall down.
Saint Alan.
In the school hallway, Gumball walks to Alan, depressed. His paws squeak the floor. Alan closes his locker.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry for trying to break you, Alan."
Gumball says: "I should have known it was impossible."
Gumball says: "But I learned a lot about myself -- mostly that I'm a disgusting person and you're a better man then me."
Gumball says: "So, yeah."
Gumball says: "Thanks for that."
Alan​​​​ says: "What's important is that you stay true to yourself."
Gumball grunts in irritation, then sighs and walks away. His squeaks suddenly make Alan angry.
Alan​​​​ says: "AAH!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Can you please stop making that noise?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Dragging your feet!"
Alan​​​​ says: "It's grating!"
Alan​​​​ says: "STOP IT, YOU JERK!"
Gumball says: "YES!"
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "I finally dragged you down to my level!"
Gumball says: "I knew you could be broken!"
Gumball says: "Oh, I feel so much better about myself."
Gumball says: "I gotta go tell Darwin!"
Gumball runs off, and Alan screams in rage. Then Alan calms down, smiles, and makes his face again.
Alan​​​​ says: "Whatever makes you happy, my friend."
Alan squeaks, and the episode ends.