Dash for the Cupcakes.
From the opposite side of the backyard, Gumball and Darwin zero in on some cupcakes on a table; while they run to them, Gumball snags himself on a line, and accidentally pops a balloon, setting of a chain reaction of balloons popping around him and Darwin; the balloons pop like gunfire, and one takes him down; Darwin is taken down afterwards; Gumball regains consciousness, his ears ring.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "You okay?"
Still with balloons popping like gunshots, Gumball drags Darwin and takes cover behind a chair.
Gumball says: "Come on, buddy."
Gumball says: "We're almost there!"
An eagle squawks, and Anais slams open the shed's door, soda bottle in hand.
Anais says: "Not so fast, boys!"
Anais says: "I drop this non-branded mint into this unbranded cola, it'll give me enough firepower to blast you through that darn fence."
Gumball says: "What'cha gonna do with all that cupcake?"
Gumball says: "There's only one of you, and there`s two of us!"
Anais says: "They're for my friends only!"
Anais says: "I don't want you there, eat'n everything and weird'n them out."
Anais says: "Just give up, and that'll be the end of it."
Gumball says: "Okay okay!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball and Darwin raise their hands.
Gumball says: "We surrender."
Gumball says: "Oh look!"
Gumball says: "Your friends are here!"
Anais says: "Really?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin are seen gobbling up all the cupcakes; suddenly they stop, twitch, and make gruesome faces.
Their mouths and eyes explode with foam.
Anais says: "The real stuff is in the shed."
She drops the mint, and shoots her brothers away with a powerful blast of soda.
Making a Friend.
Cuts to the duo crossing their arms, unhappy on the couch.
Richard says: "I know, and my decoy cupcakes were made out of toilet paper."
Richard says: "But I kept eating anyway!"
Nicole says: "You two need to learn to give your sister more space."
Nicole says: "Mine were made from soap."
Gumball and Darwin go back to the backyard.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "We'll just blend in with the crowd, and then go straight for the cupcakes."
They both put on pompous expressions, pretend to be part of the "crowd," and walk discreetly to the cupcakes.
Gumball says: ":  Hey Mel!"
Darwin says: ": Hi!"
Gumball says: "Always great to see you."
Gumball says: "Hey Barbara!"
Darwin says: "Hi!"
Gumball says: "Call me."
At the table, they immediately gobble up the cupcakes once again.
Gumball says: "Wait, where is everyone?"
Anais says: "I don't know!"
Anais says: "I prepared everything, and no one came!"
Darwin says: "Did you invite anyone?"
Anais says: "Of course not, I have no friends."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "You know, you're really clever but… sometimes you're kind of an awkward sausage."
Darwin says: "You need friends to have a party."
Anais says: "But the whole point of this party was to make friends."
Gumball says: "Hey, how 'bout we make one up for you..."
Darwin says: "Like an imaginary friend?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "think hard!"
He and Darwin think so hard their eyes pop out.
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "You, too."
Darwin says: "Close your eyes and imagine!"
Anais sighs and joins them in imagining a friend. Then the chimera appears, and they see it and stop imagining.
Darwin says: "Shouldn't we be screaming?"
Anais says: "I was kind of waiting for you."
Gumball says: "Let's do it on three, two, one."
They inhale.
Gumball says: "Nah, I think the moment's passed."
Gumball says: "Why does he look like that?"
Anais says: "I guess because we imagined him all together."
Anais says: "I didn't think he'd be so… real."
Gumball says: "Can it speak?"
Gumball says: "Hello!"
Anais says: "Did we really make you up?"
Chimera says: "Uh… yeah."
Gumball says: "If we can imagine him into life, we can imagine anything!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Anais says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "We can imagine money and give it to the poor!"
Anais says: "We could imagine an extinct species and bring it back to life!"
Gumball says: "We could imagine I never got caught by mom using her hair-removal cream on my butt!"
Gumball says: "Or we could imagine I never said that."
They nod, and imagine for a while again.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Hi!"
Gumball says: "Nice to meet you!"
Gumball says: "High five!"
The chimera doesn't move, and Gumball motions to his upraised hand; the chimera nudges it with his nose, and scares Gumball.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Well, Anais, looks like we found someone as socially awkward as you."
Anais says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Why don't you guys try and be friends?"
Darwin says: "Go on."
Anais stands afraid in front of the chimera.
Gumball says: "Come on guys, make an effort."
Gumball says: "Make eye contact."
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball grabs Anais' head, and tries to aim her eyes at the chimera's.
Gumball says: "I said eye contact with him!"
Their eyes stretch, and literally make contact.
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "That'll have to do."
Gumball says: "Now let's try a smile."
Gumball says: "Like this."
Gumball and Darwin smile really wide; Anais copies them, and the chimera smiles back awkwardly; they continue smiling at each other.
Darwin says: "More teeth!"
Darwin says: "We need more teeth!"
The chimera smiles to the point of almost baring his teeth, and Anais gives a full-toothed smile.
Darwin says: "Uh… good?"
Gumball says: "Let's move on to making small talk."
Gumball says: "Demonstration!"
Cut to the brothers picking food at the table, while Anais and the chimera watch.
Gumball says: "Oh hi."
Gumball says: "Oh, I love your hair!"
Gumball says: "What's your secret?"
Darwin says: "Male-pattern hair loss with a sprinkle of stress."
Darwin says: "So, who do you know here?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I'm Anais' brother."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "Me, too!"
Darwin says: "She's so weird-looking, right?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "She's like a garden gnome who got her head transplanted from an Easter island statue."
Gumball says: "We both like to have fun at the detriment of others!"
Gumball says: "We should totally be friends!"
Darwin says: "We should totally be friends!"
Darwin says: "Alright, your turn."
Anais says: "Uh."
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Say something."
Chimera says: "Uh."
Chimera says: "I like..."
Chimera says: "hair?"
Gumball sighs in disbelief.
Anais says: "Uh, here."
Anais says: "Have some!"
Gumball winces, and the chimera eats his hair.
Anais says: "Hm."
Anais says: "Yeah."
Chimera says: "Oh uh… you have some hair too."
He tries to pull out some of his, but ends up pulling his head out.
Gumball says: "I'm pretty sure that's not how you make friends."
Gumball says: "Put it back on."
Gumball says: "Okay, you weirdos just say hi, and shake hands."
Anais says: "Hello."
Chimera says: "Hi."
Anais shakes his hand, then his hand falls off.
Chimera says: "Oh man!"
Chimera says: "I'm so sorry."
Anais says: "No no, wait!"
His hand hides behind his leg, then peeks.
Anais says: "Don't worry."
Anais says: "It's okay."
The chimera smiles, and tickles Anais with his detached hand.
Anais says: "Stop, it tickles!"
Gumball says: "It's hard to know how to feel about this."
Gumball says: "On one hand it's "awwww."
Anais says: "It doesn't matter."
Anais says: "I made a friend."
Darwin says: "Which means it's time to PARTY!"
A Criminal?
Inside the house, Nicole and Richard watch some news; the kids are heard cheering in the background.
Richard says: "Hey kids!"
Richard says: "You alright?"
Anais says: "Yeah!"
Anais says: "We're just playing with our imaginary friend."
Richard says: "Well, you better leave me some cupcakes."
Anais says: "Don't worry, he only eats hair."
Richard says: "Well you better leave me some of that too."
Richard says: "I've been saving a space in my stomach right here."
Richard says: "I mean- oh, you know what I mean."
Nicole says: "Sh!"
Nicole says: "This looks important."
News Anchor says: "…who is said to be over seven feet tall."
Scene cuts back to the backyard.
Anais says: "Now just hold still."
Anais says: "Good."
Anais says: "Okay, and go!"
With just a tap, the chimera unintentionally sends their piñata flying up into the sky until it becomes a star in the sky and disappears.
Chimera says: "Hm?"
Chimera says: "Aw sorry."
Gumball says: "Nah, it's okay."
His hand is missing, and he screams; everyone else screams until Gumball reveals his hand hidden by his long sleeves; everyone sighs in relief, then Gumball hides his hand again and screams; Everyone screams for fun this time, and laughs after Gumball reveals his hand again.
Anais says: "Come on."
Anais says: "Let's go inside and make another piñata."
Anais says: "I'm sure the last one made some kids in the south pole very happy."
Scene cuts back to Nicole and Richard.
News Anchor says: "And now an update on the terrifying intruder who is breaking in to Elmore homes."
News Anchor says: "Here is a police sketch based on eyewitness reports."
Nicole says: "Um, guys, I think it would be better if you played inside today."
Nicole sees her kids with the chimera; she looks back to the TV, and sees that the chimera is the intruder; everyone gasps and holds their faces with Richard pushing back a pizza coming out of his mouth.
Nicole says: "Oooh my gosh!"
Nicole says: "There's a criminal in my house!"
Nicole says: "Stay away from my kids!"
Nicole says: "Richard, call the police!"
Nicole says: "AHHHH!!!"
Anais says: "Let's all run out of the house with our arms flailing!"
She opens the door, and lets her parents run outside.
Anais says: "I'm sure if we give them a minute, everything will calm down."
Police Standoff.
The scene switches to a group of police cars and officers surrounding the front yard of the Watterson's house, with police helicopters flying nearby; Richard restrains his wife, while the Doughnut Sheriff watches her try to struggle free.
Nicole says: "Let me in there!"
Nicole says: "Let me in there!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Sorry ma'am, but this is a police matter."
Donut Sheriff says: "We're professionals, you can trust us."
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay, let me see… police negotiations."
Donut Sheriff says: ""Police."
Donut Sheriff says: "" Is that one word, or two?"
Donut Sheriff says: "You know how some people say "pow-lis?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, give me that!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm the one with the manual!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Release my tactical forces, or I'm sending in my special babies!"
From inside the house, Gumball and Darwin glare at the chimera.
Chimera says: "Aw, I'm sorry."
Chimera says: "This is all my fault."
Anais says: "Why did you pretend to be our imaginary friend?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "You better have a good story, man!"
Chimera says: "Uh…  oh okay."
Chimera says: "I was made by an old lonely toy maker."
Chimera says: "We were the best of friends until the day he didn't wake up."
Chimera says: "I wandered the streets, then to people's homes hoping to find a friend."
Chimera says: "Everyone was so scared of me, and chased me away."
Chimera says: "Everyone… except you guys."
Gumball and Darwin continue glaring at him, with their arms crossed while heavy streams of tears rush from their eyes.
Gumball says: "Okay, that was pretty good."
He and his brother wipe their eyes.
Donut Sheriff says: "You have two minutes to comply, or we're coming in!"
Darwin says: "What're we gonna do!"
Darwin says: "?"
Anais says: "Whatever it takes to protect our friend."
Cuts to them in the living room with rolls of shrink-wrap; Darwin plays some action music.
Anais says: "What're you doing?"
Darwin says: "I'm setting the mood."
Anais says: "For what?"
Darwin says: "The bit where we make the traps."
Anais says: "We've only got two minutes."
Anais says: "Faster!"
They quickly set up traps, with some involving putting shrink wrap in place of the window, putting a sprinkler in the backyard, and a pail of water atop a slightly ajar door; Then Anais stops the music.
Anais says: "Alright, I think we're ready!"
Anais says: "Everyone in their posts."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
He runs upstairs, full of energy and hits the wall; then he gets up and continues running in place.
Gumball says: "Sorry, I was in the zone."
Gumball says: "WHOO!"
Raiding the House.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay, on my mark-!"
Nicole says: "CHARGE!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, I'm the officer in charge here."
Richard says: "Didn't you hear her?"
Richard says: "She said CHARGE!"
Police officers charge to the house, The soda cop pulls the door knob, activates a trap, and gets squished by a washing machine; in the backyard, french fry cops try to go through the backdoor, but become soggy when a sprinkler is activated.
French Fry Cop says: "It's a mashacre!"
Back in the front porch, the coffee cop sees a rake in the house.
Coffee Cop says: "Not falling for that trick."
He jumps through the window, but instead gets wrapped in shrink-wrap; the wrap causes him to fall on the rake, puncturing his bottom, and causing the coffee in him to spill; Earl comes through the door, and goes up the stairs; Gumball then activates the attic ladder trap which slices Earl up; In the kitchen, the hamburger cop spots the pail near the top of the slightly ajar door.
Hamburger Cop says: "You got me, eh?"
Then he sees it activate another trap, which sends a boot to his face that knocks his head/top bun off; the Doughnut Sheriff comes in, and gasps when he sees his badly hurt officers.
Hamburger Cop says: "Careful!"
Hamburger Cop says: "The guy's a monster."
The sheriff walks to a door, and tries to grab the greasy knob.
Donut Sheriff says: "Son of a gun, he buttered the doorknob!"
Donut Sheriff says: "This guy must be a criminal mastermind."
Donut Sheriff says: "I need to consult the manual."
Donut Sheriff says: "You've got thirty seconds to get out, or I'm sending in their mother!"
Anais says: "Okay, there's a very slim chance of any of us surviving that."
Anais says: "Put your heads together, and come up with a plan!"
Gumball and Darwin bump heads.
Gumball says: "I got nothing."
Darwin says: "Me neither."
Anais says: "Oh, come on guys!"
Anais says: "We've gotta think of something."
Anais says: "They'll never believe he's innocent, and they won't leave him alone for as long as he lives."
Donut Sheriff says: "STOP RIGHT THERE!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Put the soda down, and your hands in the air!"
The chimera is seen out of the house, chugging down a bottle of soda.
Chimera says: "I drank three bottles of unbranded soda, and I got a whole tube of unbranded mints."
Chimera says: "So please, just let me go, or else..."
Hamburger Cop says: "Sir, put the mints down!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Hold on!"
Donut Sheriff says: ""In case of sensitive situation"-- FIRE!"