Missing Students.
Episode opens on the street as the school bus passes by. We then cut to the interior of the bus.
Alan​​​​​ says: "Ah, it's great to have everyone back together again after summer vacation!"
Leslie​​​​​​ says: "But it kinda feels like something's missing."
Everyone says: "Hmm..."
Banana Joe says: "MY PANTS!"
Banana Joe says: "MY PANTS ARE MISSING!"
Banana Joe says: "I'M NOT WEARING ANY PANTS!"
Banana Joe says: "I NEVER WEAR pants, I don't wear any pants."
Banana Joe says: "Phew, that was close."
Banana Joe says: "Panic over."
Banana Joe says: "MY FEET!"
Banana Joe says: "MY FEET ARE MISSING!"
Masami says: "You're right though, there is something missing."
Masami says: "It feels too..."
Masami says: "nice."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Yeah, I've been wearing my new fresh hat for a whole twenty minutes and no one has made fun of it once!"
Carrie says: "Let me rectify that for you."
Carrie says: "I can see why you kept the label on, I'd want a refund too!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Eh, first degree burn at best."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Won't even leave a scar."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Gumball would've come up with something WAY better."
Everyone says: "Where are Gumball and Darwin?!"
Everyone says: "!"
Dream Or Not.
Cut to a shot of the Wattersons' house, then cut to a shot of Gumball and Darwin's room, which is empty.
Richard says: "Kids, KIDS!"
Richard says: "IT'S HALF PAST SEVEN!"
Richard says: "YOU'RE GONNA BE LATE FOR YOUR FIRST DAY BACK!"
Richard says: "MOM LEFT ME IN CHARGE AND IF I DON'T GET YOU TO SCHOOL ON TIME, SHE'LL DESTROY ME– DESTROY YOU!"
Richard says: "Uh– US!"
Richard says: "Oh, it was a dream."
Richard says: "It's not really seven-thirty."
Richard says: "– IT'S EIGHT-THIRTY!!!"
Richard bursts through bedroom door.
Richard says: "AH!"
Richard says: "YOU'RE LATE!"
Richard says: "Hmm, I can't fly, so this definitely isn't a dream."
Richard says: "Not dreaming, start panicking."
Richard says: "START PANICKING!"
Richard runs around the house, screaming, then calls Principal Brown.
Nigel Brown says: "Elmore Junior High."
Richard says: "Helloooo, this is my wife speaking."
Nigel Brown says: "Whose wife?"
Richard says: "Uhhh, Richard's."
Nigel Brown says: "Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson, what is it this time?"
Richard says: "I'm just calling to say that the kids won't be here this morning."
Richard says: "They've got uhhh, fat heads!"
Nigel Brown says: "Doesn't sound that bad, send them in!"
Richard says: "But that was just the start of it!"
Richard says: "They've also got a cough, their skin is falling off, and they've got black lumps all over their arms."
Nigel Brown says: "That sounds like the bubonic plague!"
Richard says: "YES, THAT!"
Richard says: "I'm giving them vitamins, so they'll be in after lunch!"
Richard says: "Bye!"
Nigel Brown says: "WAIT, WHAT?"
Nigel Brown says: "NO!"
Richard says: "THE KIDS STILL HAVE THE PLAGUE!"
Nicole says: "Maybe it's because I just finished my night shift and I desperately need sleep, but I could've sworn you just said the kids have the plague."
Richard says: "No I didn't, you did!"
Nicole says: "Did I?"
Nicole says: "Oh, I'm so tired."
Richard says: "I know."
Richard says: "Me too!"
Nicole says: "Sure, an all night shift in the factory is nothing compared to half an hour of back to school shopping in the mall."
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Nicole says: "Well, as long as you got them to school on time."
Richard says: "Come on, trust me!"
Nicole says: "I know, I'm sorry for doubting you."
Nicole says: "Uh, listen, I'll pick them up after school."
Nicole says: "Love you!"
Richard is out on the lawn.
Richard says: "Come on sleepy heads, Dad's shopping was so tiring, we're going to bed now even though it's only five o' clock."
Richard takes out school supplies, mistaking them for the kids, and puts them in bed, kisses them, then passes out in his bedroom.
Richard says: "Right, so if the shopping is in the beds, the kids must be..."
Richard says: "IN THE TRUNK!"
Richard says: "WHY ISN'T THIS WORKING!"
Richard says: "?"
Gaylord says: "Because it's not your car, Watterson."
Richard says: "You're right!"
Richard says: "My car hasn't got all those dents in the trunk."
Richard says: "Hmmm."
Richard says: "So I have my keys, but I don't have my car."
Richard says: "How can that be?"
Richard has another flashback. It occurs at the mall's parking lot.
Richard says: "You guys stay here while I go get the ticket."
Richard says: "Safety first."
As Richard gets his ticket, Banana Barbara arrives and parks next to Richard's car. She gets out to take her ticket and Richard jumps in her car.
Richard says: "All right kids."
Richard says: "Let's go."
Banana Barbara says: "Wait, my car!"
Richard says: "My car!"
Richard gets in the car and drives away.
The Original Car.
Richard drives to the mall.
Richard says: "Come here kids."
Richard says: "BREATHE!"
Richard says: "Where's my car?"
John says: "Uhh, in Section D?"
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Richard says: "WHERE'S SECTION D?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gary says: "Just after section C."
Richard punches out Gary's other car window.
Richard says: "Sorry!"
Richard says: "I forgot to say thanks!"
Richard is about to break his car window, but he notices the kids aren't in the car. He screams and breaks another car window, setting off a car alarm.
John says: "Please sir, stop break everything, what's going on!"
John says: "?"
Richard says: "I can't find my kids!"
John says: "Well when did you last see them?"
Richard says: "Ummm..."
Richard says: "."
Richard says: "Yesterday."
Richard says: "After buying their stuff, I went to pick them up from the play center."
Another flashback occurs. Distorted versions of Gumball, Darwin and Anais are playing in a ball pit. Richard arrives.
Gumball says: "Thanks, Dad."
Gumball says: "Did you get everything we need for school tomorrow?"
Richard says: "Yes son, and now I'm here to take you home."
Richard says: "I'm a great dad."
Richard says: "I'm a- Wait, NO!"
Richard says: "Come on brain!"
Richard says: "Tell me the truth."
Richard says: "I CAN TAKE IT!!"
Anais says: "You're a great dad."
The kids and environment transform. The flashback is now in what is supposed to be Hell, and Gumball, Darwin and Anais are now flying demons.
Gumball says: "GUILTY!"
Darwin says: "GUILTY!"
Anais says: "GUILTY!"
Gumball says: "GUILTY!"
Darwin says: "GUILTY!"
Anais says: "GUILTY!"
Gumball says: "GUILTY!"
Darwin says: "GUILTY!"
Anais says: "GUILTY!"
Richard says: "The demons of guilt!"
Darwin says: "You abandoned your children in a public play center."
Darwin says: "What kind of father would do that?"
Richard says: "A tired one doing his best?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "A lazy one doing his worst!"
Gumball says: "You can't even remember precisely what we look and sound like."
Richard screams as the flashback ends.
John says: "If I'm reading your subconscious correctly, you left your kids in a ball pit overnight."
Richard says: "Well it's better than leaving them in the trunk..."
Richard says: "I'm still a good father, right?"
John says: "You know what's worse than leaving your kids in a ball pit overnight?"
Richard shakes his head.
John says: "Standing here talking about it!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais slowly drown in the ball pit.
Safety Preventions.
Richard says: "What??"
Larry says: "I said, the ball pit had to go."
Larry says: "It wasn't safe."
Larry says: "All those kids sinking, getting lost, the paper work!"
Larry says: "In the end we did the only responsible thing."
Larry says: "Sold it to a country with less child safety laws."
Richard says: "You mean..."
Richard says: "I exported my kids?"
Larry says: "Well, technically, he's exporting them."
Larry points to a truck just outside the store. The truck leaves with the ball pit inside. Richard is about to shout something, but he gets cut off by the scene cutting to a view of the truck on the highway before we can hear him say anything.
The Richard/Hank Car Chase.
Richard says: "Stop!"
Richard says: "My kids are in there!"
Richard says: "Stop!"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "I said STOP!"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "Pull over!"
Richard says: "Pull over!"
Hank says: "This is Big Neighbor."
Hank says: "I got some creepo on my shoulder, all he wants to do is talk about my pullover."
Hank says: "Thank goodness he can't see my shoes."
Hank says: "I'm gonna shake him off, over."
Hank drives faster, but Richard continues to pursue him.
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "In a minute!"
Richard thinks for a moment, then makes a U-turn to go after the truck.
Hank says: "Breaker breaker."
Hank says: "This is Big Neighbor calling for backup."
Hank says: "I got a–  I got a ten-seventeen on my tail."
Hank says: "Little help, please?"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard sees several trucks in his rear-view mirror.
Richard says: "Rush hour?"
Richard says: "I don't have time for this!"
The trucks surround Richard's car.
Hank says: "Thanks, good buddies."
Hank says: "See you on the flip flop!"
Hank says: "Pedal to the metal."
Hank drives faster.
Richard says: "My kids!"
Richard punches the front window, jumps onto the car hauler in front of him and gets in a car.
Richard says: "Prepare to jump into hyperspace!"
Richard starts the car and the speed makes it soar through the air.
Richard says: "I am a good father!"
The car falls down.
Hyper-Crane.
Richard arrives at a container terminal and gasps at the tower of containers, then runs out of his car.
Richard says: "Kids!"
Richard says: "Are you in there?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Answer me!"
He runs to another section of the terminal and spots a crane. Somehow, he gets up and starts it with his car key.
Richard says: "Prepare to jump into hyper..."
Richard says: "crane!"
Richard uses the crane to grab a container, but it falls and releases plushies.
Richard says: "KIDS!"
Richard says: "Where are you?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "I'm coming!"
Richard goes out of the crane and rushes to the container.
Gumball says: "Dad, help!"
Richard says: "Where's the door?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Kids, where's the door?"
Gumball says: "On the other end!"
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "Ah, we haven't got time for this!"
Richard says: "When mom asked me to get you to school, she didn't specify whether you had to be inside or outside of a shipping container."
Richard hooks the container to his car.
As the container is too heavy, only the top part of the car is sent forward.
Richard says: "–space?"
Richard "parks" what is left of the car and drives a truck to the container instead.
Richard says: "Prepare to jump into hyper– Oh, I've wasted so much time saying that today."
Richard says: "I should learn to talk and act at the same time, like your mother always says."
Richard says: "Your mother!"
Richard says: "She's picking you up in three minutes!"
Richard says: "We're gonna need a shortcut."
Three Minutes to Spare.
Richard's truck is seen breaking through several buildings while Nicole drives to school. The truck drives through a big screen at the cinema and over the crowd.
Pantsbully says: "Awesome 3D!"
Richard arrives at Elmore Junior High and sees Nicole's car on the other side of the road. He drives in reverse into the schoolyard.
Richard says: "I am a good father!"
Just as the bell rings, Richard crashes the truck into the school. The container opens, releasing a flow of plastic balls as well as Gumball, Darwin and Anais, who are sent bouncing outside as Nicole parks in front of the school.
Nicole says: "Hi, kids!"
Nicole says: "How was your first day back?"
The kids stand there gaping for a while. Darwin spits out a plastic ball, and the episode ends.