Gumball's Video.
It is a nice sunny day outside, with kids playing and animals foraging around. But Gumball and Darwin are cooped up inside their bedroom. They're looking at videos on the Internet. The sound of wheels rolling and crunching can be heard on the unseen video. They cringe, with their eyes shut.
Gumball says: "Ooh!"
Darwin says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: "Dude, his foot is pointed in the wrong direction!"
Darwin says: "He's going to be walking in circles for the rest of his life!"
Darwin says: "Pick something else!"
Darwin says: "Pick something else!!"
Gumball clicks another video with his eyes still shut. A dog barks on that unseen video. He and Darwin open their eyes.
Gumball says: "Aw!"
Darwin says: "Aw!"
Gumball says: "Gosh, this is so cute, it should be illegal."
Gumball says: "What's up with you?"
Darwin has gotten very fat.
Darwin says: "Dude, please click something else."
Darwin says: "These puppies are so sweet, they're making me fat!"
Gumball clicks another video, and Darwin immediately gets up, having reverted to his original shape. Eerie music is heard.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
A scream is heard, and Gumball freaks out for a prolonged time, making a series of funny faces. Eventually he stops, silent for a moment.
Gumball says: "Pbht!"
Gumball says: "Wasn't scary at all."
Gumball says: "Let's watch some more people making fools of themselves."
He clicks a video, and a familiar voice is heard. Cut to the computer monitor, and on the screen is a video of Gumball freaking out just seconds ago.
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "How did that happen?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What's going on here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
The video becomes viral as it pops up in a bunch of windows on screen.
Darwin says: "It's your fat fingers, dude."
Darwin says: "You started the webcam and uploaded yourself by mistake."
Gumball sticks his finger in Darwin's mouth.
Gumball says: "Stop laughing, and do something!"
Darwin clicks the keyboard with his foot Gumball removes his finger and wipes it on Darwin's cheek. He then buries his face in his palms.
Gumball says: "I'm doomed!"
Gumball says: "I broke the number-one rule of the Internet -- don't put yourself on the Internet!"
He breaks down crying. Darwin consoles.
Darwin says: "Come on, man."
Darwin says: "Do you know how many videos there are on the Internet?"
Darwin says: "You're just a drop of embarrassment in an ocean of shame."
Darwin says: "I'm sure no one's seen it yet."
Darwin clicks, and the boys are astonished to see the number of views on Gumball's video rapidly multiplying so much that the digits are piling up on the side of the screen and then bursting out the side of the monitor.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Man, how is that even possible?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's more views than there are people on Earth!"
Darwin says: "Well, on the plus side, it can't get any worse."
Darwin says: "Anyway, it's the Internet, dude."
Darwin says: "It'll die out as fast as it started."
Gumball says: "Delete it!"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Darwin says: "I can't."
Darwin says: "You can't delete anything on the web."
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Do something now!"
Gumball says: "Do something!!"
Darwin turns the monitor in the opposite direction, away from Gumball's view.
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "That's better."
Darwin says: "I..."
Darwin says: "think that's enough internet for today."
At the Library.
Gumball says: "I'm really enjoying this time off from the internet."
Gumball says: "I can finally develop my brain, and study the big classics of literature!"
Darwin says: ""The Little Platypus Who Took the Wrong Bus"?"
Gumball says: "Oh man, it's intense!"
Gumball says: "It's this platypus baby on his quest for family and identity."
Gumball says: "Is he a duck?"
Gumball says: "Is he a beaver?"
Gumball says: "An otter?"
Gumball says: "And more to the point, where's his mother?"
Darwin says: "Well, I'm glad that's taken your mind off that video."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "No one's even mentioned it."
Gumball says: "Now that I think about it, where is everyone?"
Laughing is heard. They go to the source, and gasp in seeing students and Tobias laughing at Gumball's video. Tobias views other videos parodying Gumball's face. Slowly, they realize that Gumball is watching them.
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "You've gone kind of viral, dude."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "You're famous!"
Gumball says: "What kind of fame is that!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "This is stupid."
Gumball says: "I mean, what's next?"
Gumball says: "The stupid face wearing a sombrero, shooting lasers at kittens, or something?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The next video shows exactly what Gumball describes. Tobias tries to block the video from Gumball discreetly.
Gumball says: "That's it, I'm telling the cyber police."
The "Cyber" Police's Office.
Floppy Disk says: "Okay."
Floppy Disk says: "Let's have a look at these pictures, and see if I can backtrace them."
He clicks, and a pop up appears.
Floppy Disk says: "Ooh!"
Floppy Disk says: "Win a new car."
He clicks the pop up, and more of them appear.
Darwin says: "Come on, man."
Darwin says: "Everyone knows you shouldn't click on pop-ups."
Floppy Disk says: "Step back, children!"
Floppy Disk says: "It's a hacker attack!"
Floppy Disk says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Dude, just click the pop-up-blocker option."
He clicks it, and all the pop ups disappear one by one.
Floppy Disk says: "What the-?"
Floppy Disk says: "That's amazing!"
Floppy Disk says: "I must send an email to the HQ."
He writes a note, and puts it in in the CD drive of the CPU.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "That's not how you send emails."
Floppy Disk says: "Let the professionals do their job, kid."
Floppy Disk says: "I've been doing this since the eighties."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "In the future?"
Floppy Disk says: "No."
Floppy Disk says: "The nineteen-eighties."
Darwin says: "There was a nineteen?"
Gumball says: "You can't delete those videos from the internet, can you?"
Floppy Disk says: "Nooo."
Floppy Disk says: "But I can delete the internet."
Floppy Disk says: "Watch and learn, kid."
He drags the internet browser application to the trash bin.
Darwin says: "I'm not sure that's gonna be enough."
Floppy Disk says: "You're right!"
Floppy Disk says: "How's that?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, sure."
Gumball says: "Thank you for your help, sir."
Darwin's Video.
A camera is switched on, and Darwin is seen holding a ukulele.
Darwin says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Darwin, there's no point."
Gumball says: "The internet has no heart, man."
Gumball says: "It's like a goatee."
Gumball says: "It's made out of evil."
Darwin says: "Gumball, there's a beating heart in everything."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "What about zombies?"
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Everyone apart from people whose hearts don't beat."
Gumball says: "What about jellyfish?"
Darwin says: "Okay, I get your point."
Darwin says: "They technically don't have hearts either, but everyone else does."
Gumball says: "What about lawyers?"
Darwin says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "Just press record, please."
Gumball records, and Darwin starts playing his instrument, and singing.
Darwin says: "There's a beating heart in everything, except lawyers, zombies and jellyfish."
Look inside yourself, Internet, and think you see that you are being childish.
You are adding sombreros and lasers, to a kid who looked like he was tasered.
You laugh about it thinking it's funny, but is it, Internet? Is it really?
He's just a small boy with a heart like you, why'd you keep on trying to make him blue?
There's a beating heart in everything, and I know that there is one in you.
Come on, Internet. I know you're better than that.
Cut to Gumball and Darwin watching an edited version of Darwin singing, his song being parodied and almost unrecognizable.
Darwin says: "What's wrong with the internet, man?"
Darwin says: "This video goes on for at least twenty minutes!"
Gumball says: "THAT'S IT!"
Gumball says: "I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU, INTERNET!"
Gumball says: "I'M COMING FOR YOU!"
Gumball says: "I'M GONNA GO CYBER-WARRIOR ON YOUR BUTT!"
Entering the Internet.
Gumball says: "Du du du tun-tu tun!"
Gumball says: "Du du du tun-tu tun!"
Darwin says: "Control operator to virtual soldier."
Darwin says: "Commencing digital scan process."
Darwin says: "Scanning in progress."
Darwin says: "Prepare to enter the internet in three… two…  ABORT!"
In the Bathroom.
Darwin cleans his unblinking eyes with a steady stream of water.
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom was right."
Darwin says: "We really didn't need that high definition scanner."
Gumball says: "Alright, never mind."
Gumball says: "We'll just have to find the Internet's address, and deal with this in the normal world, I guess."
Darwin says: "Don't be ridiculous."
Darwin says: "The Internet is a thing, not a person."
Shower Handle says: "Yeah, dude."
Shower Handle says: "Can't you see the difference?"
All the things in the bathroom come to life, and laugh.
Toilet says: "Dumb nut."
Finding the Internet.
Gumball searches something on the computer. It chimes in.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "I knew it."
Gumball says: "The Internet lives only three blocks from here!"
The computer suddenly chimes in.
Gumball says: "Oooh… one-hundred funny animals in hats… click!"
They scan through a gallery of funny animals wearing hats, being struck by the cuteness of each one. Much time passes as they do this.
Gumball says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Let's go."
The computer suddenly chimes in again.
Gumball says: "OH!"
Darwin says: "OH!"
Gumball says: "AH!"
Darwin says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "Dude, wait!"
Gumball says: "Can't you see what's happening?"
Gumball says: "The internet is tricking us with its deadliest weapon: time-wasting."
Darwin says: "You're right!"
Darwin says: "Just one more, and then we'll go."
Sounds of chanting are heard.
Gumball says: "No no no no no-ohh!"
Darwin says: "No no no no no-ohh!"
These are followed by a loud crack.
Gumball says: "Alright, just one more."
Gumball sees his own video.
Gumball says: "Big mistake, internet."
Gumball says: "That was a repost."
Cut to them running by the road.
Gumball says: "HA!"
Gumball says: "Now that we're away from the computer, there's no way the Internet can stop us finding him!"
They stop by a pedestrian lane. The light goes green, and the duo walks across. Somewhere nearby, the internet chuckles as he watches them , and clicks something. The lights suddenly fluctuate, and go to red. Cars start passing by, and bump into each other.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "Dude, the Internet is hacking into the traffic system."
Gumball says: "It's trying to get us creamed!"
Darwin says: "Up-up-up!"
Darwin says: "These rules were invented to protect us, and they will."
Darwin calms down, while Gumball is on his guard. The lights fluctuate, and turns green.
Darwin says: "Come on, it's green."
More vehicles begin to pile up in the middle of the road. The traffic light tells them to stop.
Darwin says: "Up-up-up!"
Darwin says: "Wait, stop!"
Gumball runs, and jumps over to the sidewalk, leaving Darwin behind.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Do you realize how dangerous that was?"
Darwin says: "If you don't respect the rules, then how do you expect cars to drive safely?"
A truck comes his way. Its driver, one of the construction men tries to swerve away, and avoid Darwin.
Darwin says: "The rules of the road are all about trust, and you cant expect to recieve trust-  if you don't have any trust."
Darwin says: "Know what I mean?"
Light turns green, and Darwin walks to Gumball unscathed.
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "How hard was that?"
Many citizens crawl out of a pile of cars and other motor vehicles. Gumball gapes at them.
Gumball says: "A-er-uh… never mind, let's go."
They continue. Then the Doughnut Sheriff is seen in his car, eating when suddenly the computer in his car chimes in with Gumball and Darwin's picture.
Donut Sheriff says: "Euh… Gumball and Darwin Watterson."
He sees them pass by.
Donut Sheriff says: "Huh?"
He pours his drink through his mouth, takes a bite off a sandwich and throws it away, and takes a bite off from some other foods. Then he takes a tablet, and puts it in a cup of water. He impatiently waits for it to dissolve. Then he pours the liquid through his mouth, and takes the wheel.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay!"
Gumball and Darwin run off the road. The sheriff stops his car, and chases them.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Come back here!"
He tries to jump over his car, but instead moves through it with his butt. He gets tired after running a little.
Donut Sheriff says: "Wait!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Stop!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I said stop!"
He screams in frustration, and shoots the taser towards the sky. Then he pants, and coughs.
Donut Sheriff says: "Darn it, I'm out of shape."
A duck falls from the sky, and lands beside him.
Cuts to the internet watching the two go to him, seemingly from a camera.
Gumball says: "Okay, it's not that far now."
Gumball says: "It's just another block away."
The internet laughs evilly, and clicks something again. The power lines near Gumball and Darwin start to surge with electricity.
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "What's that noise?"
Gumball says: "I dunno."
Gumball says: "I can't hear over that vibrating sound."
The internet clicks again. Darwin stops, and is almost blasted by a fire hydrant opening up on him. Then the power lines catch fire, and fall down.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "Watch out!"
A post almost hits them. Then  a car crashes into the fire hydrant.
Darwin says: "What're we gonna do!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "There's no way to escape the internet!"
Gumball says: "Technology is everywhere!"
The scene changes to them in the park.
Darwin says: "Except for the park."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I should have thought about this earlier."
In the Internet's Lair.
Timmy says: "I can be a jerk to anyone, while I'm behind the screen, in the safety and comfort of my own home."
The door of his room explodes, and he screams. Gumball and Darwin show up.
Timmy says: "Who let you in?"
Gumball says: "Your mom."
Timmy says: "Mom!"
Timmy says: "You let enemies in to my secret base?"
A computer beeps. It translates to "Sorry Timmy, I thought they were your friends".
Timmy says: "You know very well that I have no friends!"
Darwin says: "Wow."
Darwin says: "The internet is way less impressive in real life than I thought it would be."
Gumball says: "Alright dude."
Gumball says: "Delete my video, now!"
Gumball says: "Or you're going offline."
Timmy says: "Huh?"
Timmy says: "I can't!"
Timmy says: "Nothing can be deleted from the Internet!"
Gumball says: "You have five seconds."
Timmy says: "Don't you realize?"
Timmy says: "Think about everything the world would lose!"
Timmy says: "Think about the educational content!"
Timmy says: "Think about the freedom of speech-  Apart from the two thirds of the world that don't have it."
Timmy says: "THINK ABOUT THE KITTIES!"
Gumball says: "Five-!"
Darwin says: "Wait, Gumball!"
Darwin says: "He's right."
Darwin says: "Think about it..."
They think about the cute kittens for a long time.
Timmy says: "Yo, you okay?"
Timmy says: "You're been staring at the ceiling for about fifteen minutes."
Gumball says: "You're so beautiful."
Timmy says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Don't ever change, internet."
Gumball says: "You were meant to be free."
They hug him.
Timmy says: "Ughhh!"
Timmy says: "Physical contact!"
Darwin says: "Just try and take some responsibilities for your actions from time to time."
Timmy says: "Never!"
Gumball says: "And maybe try to laugh with people instead of always laughing at them."
Timmy says: "Yeah, that's right."
Timmy says: "Keep hoping!"
Darwin says: "And try to remember that other people have hearts too."
Timmy says: "Get bent!"
Timmy says: "This is the Internet you're talking to!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh, then stop. Episode ends.