Frantic Morning.
At the start of the episode, Gumball is in bed when he is awoken by the ringing of an alarm clock on the nightstand. He reaches over to silence it, then shouts at a still sleeping Darwin.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "We have to get dressed, eat breakfast, and get to school on time, or Mom's gonna kick our butts!"
Gumball says: "Good thing I slept in my clothes!"
Gumball jumps out of bed to discover he is only wearing underpants and Darwin's shoes.
Darwin says: "Hey, those are my clothes!"
Gumball says: "No time to change!"
Gumball says: "You put on mine!"
Gumball runs out of the bathroom and goes downstairs with a tube of toothpaste in his hand. Darwin exits the bedroom and waddles after him while dressed in Gumball's sweater and pants.
Darwin says: "Dude, wait up!"
Darwin says: "I can't walk here."
Darwin falls over and the two topple down the stairs, miraculously changing clothes when they reach the bottom.
Gumball says: "Huh, that worked out better than I expected."
Darwin says: "You're wasting time!"
In the kitchen, Darwin is holding butter, a toaster, and toothpaste, while Gumball hands him several slices of bread and cheese from the fridge.
Gumball says: "We have to go faster!"
Gumball says: "Spread the toothpaste on the toast, put the cartoons on fast-forward and give me a milk shower."
In the living room, Gumball and Darwin are eating toast with toothpaste and watching TV. Suddenly, the TV turns off, and the two notice that Richard and Anais are sitting right next to them in their sleepwear.
Gumball says: "Dude, it's Saturday..."
Gumball and Darwin celebrate by jumping up into the air as they imagine fireworks surrounding them, while Ode To Joy plays.
Gumball jumps into Darwin's arms with a slow iris shot as they smile. Just before it closes, Anais squirts whipped cream into Gumball's mouth.
Gumball says: "Ahh..."
Gumball says: "I was hoping you'd do that."
Shopping With Dad.
The Elmore shopping mall is shown. Anais and Darwin are walking together.
Darwin says: "I love hanging out at the mall with Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Anais says: "I know, right?"
Anais says: "You stay in your pajamas, eat junk food all day, and get anything you ask for."
Anais says: "It's like a really trashy Christmas."
Richard is pushing the cart behind Anais and Darwin, while eating candy.
Gumball says: "Hey Dad, can I have twenty bucks to get my eyebrow pierced?"
Richard says: "First, I need to ask you one question, young man."
Richard says: "Are you ready for the responsibility of how awesomely cool this is going to make you?"
Gumball says: "Yes, father."
Gumball says: "I am."
Richard pulls out a dollar note, while the Wilsons are watching.
Richard says: "Then take this twenty, and may radness illuminate your path."
Jackie​ says: "Uh, are you seriously letting your child get one of his eyebrows pierced?!"
Jackie​ says: "!"
Richard says: "You're right, take forty."
Richard says: "Do both, that's much cooler."
Gumball says: "Thanks, Dad!"
Jackie​ says: "Ugh, come on, Harold."
Jackie​ says: "Let's go."
Jackie walks off and Harold subtly gives Richard a thumbs up.
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "HAROLD!!!"
Harold runs away as Anais walks up to Richard.
Anais says: "Dad, can we get this tape?"
Richard says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "To fix stuff."
Richard says: "But nothing's broken!"
Anais says: "Yeah, but Darwin also wants to get this hammer."
Darwin pulls out a hammer.
Richard says: "I'm not buying you a hammer..."
Richard says: "until we've tested how much fun it's gonna be first!"
Cut to Anais and Darwin bashing food on two plates, which are being held by Karen. Richard is holding Anais.
Anais says: "Wait..."
Anais says: "aren't we gonna have to pay for all this?"
Richard says: "We don't have to, they're free samples."
Anais says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Cut to Richard sliding around the mall with an empty shopping cart, while making loud sounds. Darwin is seated on the meat counter, while Anais gently hammers his knee, as if she is testing his knee-jerk reflex. Gumball walks up to them.
Anais says: "Where's your piercing?"
Gumball says: "I got some anti-wrinkle injections instead."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Richard gets off the shopping cart, letting it run away and crash off-screen.
Richard says: "I'm bored now."
Richard says: "Let's go home."
Anais says: "But what about the groceries?"
Richard goes over to Alison and takes her shopping cart full of groceries.
Alison says: "Hey!"
Alison says: "That's my shopping!"
Richard says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Richard says: "Did you pay for this?"
Alison says: "Uhh..."
Alison says: "No."
Richard says: "Then it's not yours, is it?"
Alison says: "Eh—"
Alison says: "eh—"
Alison says: "eh—"
Alison says: "eh—"
Alison says: "oh."
Richard and the kids prepare to ride on the cart. Anais is already in the cart, while Darwin and Gumball are at the sides.
Darwin says: "Boop..."
Darwin says: "boop..."
Darwin says: "boop..."
Darwin says: "boooop!"
They speed away on the cart through an aisle. Gumball and Darwin get onto the cart.
Richard says: "Whooooooo!"
The Wattersons continue their cart ride as they exit the elevator and speed through the parking space. The kids laugh. The cart crashes through the gate arm.
Guard 2 says: "Hey!"
Guard 2 says: "you can't do that!"
Gumball says: "Of course we can!"
Gumball says: "Everything is allowed with my dad!"
The guard smiles.
Lunch.
Gumball opens the fridge door.
Gumball says: "Boom!"
He gathers the ingredients.
Gumball says: "We home alone with Dad, so I make me own lunch."
Darwin says: "Ooh!"
Anais says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: "I can eat what I want, so I pick the best munch."
Darwin and Anais says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: "I pick up ham and chocolate chips and stick 'em in the bread."
Darwin and Anais says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: "It need a little sauce, I say maple and red."
Darwin says: "Boom!"
Anais says: "Boom!"
Darwin says: "Dude, have you noticed that your voice has changed?"
Gumball says: "What, you mean how I sound like a man and you squeal like a piglet on helium?"
Darwin says: "You take that back!"
Gumball says: "Sure, when you ask me like a man."
Darwin says: "I am a man!!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "'Cause right now you sound like a mouse whose parachute won't open."
Anais laughs at this.
Darwin says: "If you don't take that back, I'm going to—"
Darwin shrieks at Gumball and his voice turns into high pitched ringing. Gumball and Anais' pupils shrink and roll behind their eyes.
Shooting Star says: "You have won this antique crystal decanter worth over ten-thous—"
Shooting Star explodes because of Darwin's screeching; Darwin continues screeching and his voice returns to normal.
Darwin says: "—"
Darwin says: "By the time I'm finished, you'll be whistling out your butt!"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, I take it back."
Gumball says: "Man, my ears are still ringing."
Doorbell rings.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "There it is again."
Richard opens the door.
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Lord Watterson, the word on the streets of Elmore is that yours is a house with no rules."
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "I humbly request asylum in your palace of freedom."
Richard says: "What?"
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Everyone in Elmore is talking about how laid back you guys are."
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Can I hang out at your house?"
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "I'm not allowed to be myself at home."
Richard says: "I hereby grant thee thy fairest and most cherished wish."
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "What?"
Richard says: "That means yes."
The House of Freedom.
Harold repeatedly pokes Gumball's face.
Gumball says: "I'm starting to see why your family won't let you be yourself."
Harold​​​​ says: "I like touching things."
Darwin says: "To be honest, I'm more annoyed at the others."
Camera pans out revealing Richard had allowed anyone to enter and trash their house. The librarian is speaking to Sal while he's looting antiques from a shelf.
Librarian says: "THIS HOUSE IS GREAT!"
Librarian says: "NORMALLY I'M NOT ALLOWED TO SHOUT."
Librarian says: "I WORK IN THE LIBRARY, YOU SEE?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Yeah, they don't judge here."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Which is great, 'cause usually judges don't like me."
Mrs. Jötunheim and Porky are talking while they're having a drink.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, finally a place where I am not pressured by society to be beautiful."
Porky​​ says: "You don't look that different."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I haven't taken off my makeup yet."
Mrs. Jötunheim wipes her makeup off revealing her unpleasant appearance. Porky spits his drink back.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "How about you?"
Porky​ says: "I just came here 'cause people don't like it when I'm naked."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You know that was only covering your back, right?"
Porky​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Mr. Small is ravenously eating meat in the kitchen.
Hank says: "I thought you were some kinda vegetarian eco-warrior?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Only so I can get that rush of superiority for making other people feel guilty."
Hobo says: "Hey dude, I hope you don't mind."
Hobo says: "I've invited a few friends to the party."
Anais says: "Uh, before we open that door, please define a few."
Hobo says: "Like, a bunch?"
Anais says: "And by that you mean?"
Hobo says: "You know, some?"
Anais says: "Gimme a ballpark figure."
Hobo says: "S-several?"
Richard says: "I'm sure that's fine."
Richard opens the door and a large number of rats rush in, carrying Anais away.
Anais says: "Whaaah!"
Gumball says: "We need to talk."
Richard, Gumball, Darwin, and Anais go to the front lawn.
Gumball says: "You're too nice, Dad."
Gumball says: "It was fun when it was just the three of us abusing how easy-going your are, but this has gone too far."
Hank says: "Hey, go poke yourself!"
Throws Harold out through the window.
Anais says: "Gumball is right."
Anais says: "You need to show some authority and tell these people to go."
Harold repeatedly pokes Anais' face.
Anais says: "We learned a lesson today: Freedom is a beautiful thing, but too much of it is..."
Anais says: "Hold on a second."
Anais loses patience and throws Harold back inside through the window.
Anais says: "AND STOP POKING PEOP—"
Darwin says: "You need to learn how to be less cool."
Darwin says: "Practice on Gumball."
Gumball says: "Hey, Dad, can I have a flare gun?"
Richard inhales deeply.
Anais says: "Remember, you have to say no."
Richard says: "Nnnnuuu."
Richard says: "Neeahh."
Richard says: "NNNN—"
Richard starts babbling and shaking his head uncontrollably, then collapses on the ground and passes out after a while.
Gumball says: "I think we can safely say it's not in his nature to say no."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais return inside. Harold returns and pokes Richard. Inside the house, Hobo walks by, dressed in Gumball's clothes.
Gumball says: "Hey, those are my clothes!"
Hobo says: "Not anymore!"
Gumball says: "EVERYBODY, STOP!"
Gumball says: "I SAID STOP!"
Gumball says: "STOP!"
Librarian says: "SHUT UP, THE KID HAS SOMETHING TO SAY!"
The guests stop making noise.
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "Now, what I wanted to say is that—"
Librarian says: "PAY ATTENTION EVERYONE!"
Librarian says: "THIS MIGHT BE IMPORTANT!"
Gumball says: "Uh, as I was saying—"
Librarian says: "LISTEN CLOSELY, HE'S ABOUT TO SPEAK!"
Gumball says: "I just wanna s—"
Librarian says: "ANY MINUTE NOW!"
Gumball says: "DO YOU MIND?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Okay, I know it's—"
Librarian says: "SORRY!"
Gumball says: "I know it feels great to be allowed to do whatever you want."
Gumball says: "Until now I hated rules like all of you."
Gumball says: "Freedom is beautiful, but the problem is: with too much freedom—"
Librarian says: "THIS LITTLE TYRANT IS TRYING TO STEAL OUR FREEDOM!"
The four are thrown out from their house.
Darwin says: "You can't throw us out."
Darwin says: "This is OUR house!"
Everyone inside says: "Not anymore!"
Gumball says: "That's it, I'm calling the police."
Gumball says: "Hi, police?"
Gumball says: "Gumball Watterson calling."
Gumball says: "A bunch of people just stole our house and won't let us in."
Gumball angrily hits the handset against the payphone with his face turned.
Gumball says: "It seems the police won't be of much help."
They return home.
Anais says: "Come on Dad, go and get our house back!"
Richard says: "I'm gonna do this."
Richard says: "I'm gonna run through that door."
Richard says: "I am not a bunny."
Richard says: "I am a cannonball!"
Richard stops at the door and turns around.
Richard says: "Who am I kidding?"
Richard says: "That's a solid oak front door."
Richard says: "It's like trying to break a tree with my face."
Gumball says: "Half an hour of heavy breathing and pep talking for this?"
Gumball says: "Just use me as a ram guys."
Anais and Darwin are running to the door using Gumball as a ram.
Darwin says: "Aaaaaaaaaah!"
Anais says: "Aaaaaaaaaah!"
and Gumball says: "Aaaaaaaaaah!"
Gumball's face goes through the mail slot instead of breaking the door, and Harold pokes his eye. Next, Gumball tries to open the door with Richard's credit card.
Richard says: "Oh, this is all my fault."
Richard says: "It's because I have no authority."
Richard says: "If I wasn't such a lenient slacker, none of this would have happened."
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's true."
Darwin says: "Uh-huh."
Anais says: "Yup."
Richard says: "Oh come on, you're supposed to say, "No Dad, we're all responsible."
Richard says: "" Then we would hug, and I would feel less guilty."
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Gumball says: "Nah, this one's definitely on you."
Richard's credit card is taken by Hobo inside.
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Hobo says: "Oh oh ohhh."
Rats says: "Oh oh ohhh."
Hobo says: "Hello, sir."
Hobo says: "I would like to order two-thousand pizzas please."
Richard says: "Hey, give that back!"
Richard says: "Aaah!"
Richard says: "I just don't have it in me."
Anais says: "Hold on, I think that guy gave me an idea."
Gumball, Darwin and Anais are then shown disguised as a pizza delivery man.
Porky​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yes, pizza!"
Porky​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks man, here's a tip."
Darwin says: "Here's your receipt."
Porky​​​​​​​​ says: "Uhh, you can keep it."
Porky attempts to carry the heavy stack of pizzas, but the strain causes his bottom to explode.
Gumball says: "Please allow us—"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Me!"
Gumball says: "Please let me help you with that."
Gumball struggles to drag the pizza boxes in the house.
Porky​​​​​​​​ says: "Wait a minute, how come this is so heavy?"
Porky​​​​​​​​ says: "These boxes are empty."
Richard suddently busts out of the pizza boxes.
Richard says: "In your sausage face!"
Richard says: "We're getting our house back, Trojan style!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Come on, be cool man."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Please let us hang out."
Richard says: "Well, I suppose since you're asking nicely..."
Anais says: "Ahem!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais look angrily at Richard.
Richard says: "But I'll have to say..."
Richard says: "I'll have to say no!"
Richard says: "A man's house is his castle, and this is my house, my castle."
Richard says: "So get out of here!"
Richard says: "GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!"
Harold​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Or what?"
Richard shrugs, and the four get thrown out again.
The Ruthless Ruler.
Darwin says: "I don't understand, we did everything right."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you turned responsible and showed some backbone."
Gumball says: "I don't get it."
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "something's missing, some kind of ruthless ruler."
Richard says: "Yeah, a wrathful divinity that could crush this joyful chaos with one hit from its iron fist."
Richard says: "Someone like..."
Nicole arrives home. She walks to the four and causes them to cry silently. She then opens the door, revealing her eyes to be glowing. Nicole snaps her fingers, creating a powerful shock wave that stuns the partiers.
Nicole says: "You're going to clean this place until it looks better than when you arrived."
Nicole says: "Then you will leave, and never come back."