A New Pet.
The Watterson living room. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, clad in business wear, are behind the couch with a presentation stand.
Anais says: "Alright, team, let's rehearse this one more time."
Gumball inhales deeply and straightens his tie.
Gumball says: "I'd like to start today's presentation by asking you one important question."
Gumball says: "Is your family happy?"
Gumball says: "I know what you're gonna say."
Gumball says: ""Sure, we're pretty happy", but ask yourself this, could this family be more happy?"
Anais says: "Good, now don't forget to compliment the buyer."
Gumball says: "Love your shoes by the way, I have the same pair myself."
Anais says: "Dad doesn't wear shoes."
Gumball says: "Love your feet by the way, I have the same pair myself."
Gumball says: "So, how are we going to turn this averagely happy family into the happiest family in the business?"
Gumball says: "I'll tell ya how, expansion."
Gumball says: "Let me present, the Puppy Project."
Gumball says: "Now I'll pass you on to our field expert."
Darwin says: "Thank you, Greg."
Darwin says: "I've been in the pet business for a while."
Darwin says: "In fact, if you check my resume, as an ex-animal companion myself, I have the skill set to manage this Puppy Project, and take it to the next level from canine nutrition to hygiene supervision and maximization of open space ambulation."
Anais says: "Good, you blind the buyer with science, then we hit them with the big sell."
Anais says: "Here's the graph showing our current happiness levels."
Anais says: "Hm, not bad, but let me show you our projections for the next few quarters!"
Gumball says: "Now let's see some mock-ups from our art department."
Gumball says: "Think about it!"
Gumball says: "This could be you."
Gumball says: "This could be us."
Anais says: "Good!"
Anais says: "Now go aggressive to seal the deal!"
All says: "Please, can we get a puppy, PLEASE, can we get a puppy, PLEASE, CAN WE GET A PUPPY?"
Anais says: "Alright."
Anais says: "Let's pester this man until he begs for mercy, then pester some more."
They run in front of the couch, only to see that their father has gone.
Gumball says: "What the pop?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "He vanished!"
Richard opens the door, holding a box and a sandwich. He settles down on the couch and the box on the table.
Richard says: "So, I saw this commercial on TV yesterday for washing powder and I thought about how much you would need to clean a monkey and then I thought about how cute monkeys were with their furry little faces, and then I thought that puppies were even cuter than dogs, so that's why I bought a sandwich."
Gumball says: "Wha?"
Gumball says: "What's in the box, then?"
Richard says: "A puppy."
Richard says: "That's what you guys wanted, wasn't it?"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais are stunned.
All except Richard says: "YAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!"
The trio open the box and are grossed out at what they see.
Anais says: "Ugh."
Anais says: "What is that?"
Anais says: "It looks like an angry, green hat."
Gumball says: "Nah, more like a very mean, old man carrying a sad house on his back."
Darwin says: "Myeeh, or like an evil wiener poking out of a ravioli."
It's revealed that it's a Nile softshell turtle inside the box, hissing at the kids.
Nicole enters the house with groceries.
Nicole says: "Please tell me that isn't a puppy."
Anais says: "Definitely isn't a puppy."
Nicole says: "I can't believe you've done this, Richard!"
Nicole says: "Having a pet is a big responsibility and I don't have time to look after a-  elllch."
Nicole says: "What on earth is that?"
Richard says: "It's a Labradoodle."
Richard says: "It's a Labra-turtle."
Anais says: "We didn't want a turtle."
Nicole says: "Well, you should of thought of that before making your father buy one."
Nicole says: "And you better take good care of it, because that little guy is your responsibility..."
Nicole says: "for as long as he lives!"
The turtle hisses.
Bonding with the Turtle.
The children's bedroom. The kids are gathered around the turtle, who is still in the box. Anais is reading a book titled "My Pet Turtle".
Darwin says: "Look, I agree that he's kind of mega-gross, cold, wet, smells like a belly button, and has the beady eyes of a ventriloquist dummy, but he's part of the family now, so we're gonna love him like a Watterson."
Gumball says: "OK, where do we start?"
Anais says: "Well, the best way to make a bond with a new pet is physical contact."
Gumball says: "Ehhhh, come here, little guy."
The turtle extends its neck, and so Gumball retracts his arms.
Gumball says: "Eeeehhhhhh, maybe not."
Darwin says: "Dude, don't let your fear prevent you from having a beautiful relationship."
Gumball says: "I'm not scared, I just don't think he likes me."
Darwin rolls eyes and slowly shakes his head.
Gumball says: "Really, the "I feel sorry that you can't feel love" face?"
Gumball says: "Fine, I'll touch him."
Anais says: "Oh come on, that's not petting."
Anais says: "He can't feel anything on his shell."
Gumball says: "Alright, fine."
Gumball says: "Would it make me a bad person if I said I really, really don't like this turtle?"
Darwin and Anais says: "Yes, yes it would."
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll just think it really hard."
Gumball says: "I really, really don't like this TURTLEEEEE!!!"
In the kitchen, the kids are gathered around the table, with the turtle's box on it.
Anais says: "Okay, maybe he's not ready for physical contact yet."
Darwin says: "Maybe he's just hungry."
Darwin says: "I get pretty cranky when I'm hungry!"
Gumball says: "What are you gonna feed him, souls?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, but I'm calling it."
Gumball says: "That turtle is..."
Gumball says: "EVIL INCARNATE!"
Anais says: "I'm sure he's more scared of us than we are of him."
Anais says: "Who knows what's going through his head right now?"
Scene changes to the turtle's pov, with an infrared vision.
Evil Turtle says: "BITE, BITE, BITE!"
Evil Turtle says: "EAT FOOD FOR STRENGTH TO BITE, BITE, BITE!"
Evil Turtle says: "MAKE LITTLE TURTLES TO BITE EVEN MORE!"
Scene changes back to normal.
Anais says: "Or maybe he's just anxious because this is our territory."
Anais says: "We should give him his own space."
A place for the turtle is quickly set up.
Anais says: "There!"
Anais says: "You can bring over now!"
Gumball, clothed in makeshift armor, carries the turtle with a pair of kitchen tongs. The turtle snaps and hisses at him.
Darwin says: "Dude, if you treat him like a vicious criminal, he's bound to behave like one."
Darwin says: "Put him down."
Gumball complies.
Darwin says: "Good."
Darwin says: "Now take off your armor."
Darwin says: "You'll have to trust him if you want him to trust you."
Gumball says: "Okay, now what?"
Darwin says: "Talk to him."
Gumball attempts to talk with the turtle. It bites his face off and he collapses to the ground.
Anais says: "And..."
Anais says: "now we just sit back, relax, and watch him become at one with us and his surroundings."
After a while, the turtle has turned his living space into a burning desolate place. He hisses at the kids and bites off an action figure's head. The turtle then hisses evilly.
Getting Rid of the Turtle.
Gumball says: "Now I know what you're gonna say..."
Gumball says: ""You promised to take care of it, you're shirking responsibility!"
Gumball says: "" But ask yourself this: Who is really responsible here?"
Gumball says: "The person who is given the responsibility, or the person who gave that person the responsibility"."
Gumball says: "I say technically you can only blame yourself."
Richard says: "That is a very convincing argument."
Richard says: "Unfortunately to persuade this family CEO the turtle would have to do something absolutely horrific."
Nicole says: "OH, MY GOSH!"
Nicole says: "IT'S ABSOLUTELY HORRIFIC!!"
Richard stops the car.
Gumball says: "Dad, this is a parking lot."
Gumball says: "Where`s the store?"
Richard says: "It's gone."
Gumball says: "What do you mean "it's gone"?"
Richard says: "It was right there!"
Richard says: "It was a small store, it was bright red and had a door that slide open like this  and the man inside sold puppies and watches and stereos and fur coats and golf clubs and fireworks and he was such a nice man..."
Gumball says: "Dad, that was a van."
Anais says: "You bought a turtle..."
Anais says: "from a man..."
Anais says: "in a van."
Richard says: "Such an awesome store..."
Richard says: "."
The car starts bouncing up and down, and the horn blares "La Cucaracha".
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Richard says: "He fixed up my car as well."
Richard says: "So, we're here and we know the store was here, and if we draw a line between them it spells the letter "I" and we all know that there's no "I" in team, so we know that the van isn't in a sports center."
Richard says: "But look what happens when I draw a line here, and here: the trident of Poseidon, lord of the sea."
Richard says: "You know what that means?"
Richard says: "It means that the store is waiting for us at 475 West Elmore Boulevard!"
Anais says: "That's a map of Switzerland."
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "All right, let's take the turtle there."
Richard says: "To Switzerland?"
Anais says: "No, Elmore Boulevard."
Anais says: "Where is the turtle, by the way?"
Darwin says: "Oh, I've left his tank outside so that he could take a break."
Darwin says: "I'm worried all this biting's not good for his jaw."
Anais says: "How long he's been out there?"
Anais says: "It's boiling hot!"
Funeral.
The kids are outside sadly looking down at what's left of Evil Turtle who had shriveled up from dehydration.
Darwin says: "At least he passed away peacefully."
Gumball says: "Yeah, like a peaceful, evil raisin."
The kids and Richard are giving the turtle a funeral.
Darwin says: "Before we say goodbye to our beloved family pet, Evil Turtle, I think we should all say a few words to let him know how much he meant to us."
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
Anais says: "Hmmm."
Richard says: "Hmmm."
Darwin says: "I'll always think fondly of the way he put fear into my heart."
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
Anais says: "Hmmm."
Richard says: "Hmmm."
Anais says: "Every time I stare down at the scar tissue on my hand, I'll think of him."
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
Darwin says: "Hmmm."
Richard says: "Only once in your lifetime, does something touch your heart in the way that..."
Richard says: "awesome store did!"
Gumball says: "Dad, you gotta move on."
Anais says: "Gumball, do you have anything you like to add?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, er..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "I'll miss his..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "you know the funny way he..."
Gumball says: "the thing he..."
Gumball says: "I got nothing."
Darwin says: "All of this because we couldn't take care of him."
Darwin cries over the turtle and a single drop falls on the turtle who immediately recovers and hisses at them, scaring Gumball.
Darwin says: "He was revived by my tear."
Gumball says: "IT FEEDS ON MISERY!!!"
The turtle climbs out and crosses the road away from the Wattersons, hissing and snarling furiously.
Darwin says: "Somebody save him, he could get hurt!"
The Turtle moves into the path of a speeding car in which the car crashes into pieces and the turtle was unharmed and unfazed by the impact.
Anais says: "Forget saving the turtle, we need a plan to save the neighborhood."
A Bait and Trap.
Anais brings out a big plate full of turkey drumsticks.
Gumball says: "This is no time for dinner!"
Anais says: "This isn't for us."
Anais says: "The plan is to use it as bait."
Anais says: "After eating all this turkey, he'll fall into a food coma and I'll carefully put the bowl over his head and slide the card underneath him."
Gumball says: "You seriously think he's gonna fall for that?"
Anais says: "Of course!"
Anais says: "We're the intellectually superior creatures here."
Anais says: "He's just a dumb animal."
They heard a bang on the table and they see that Richard has eaten all of the turkey and is fast asleep.
Gumball says: "OH NO!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna use as bait now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Scene switches to the park lake which is now the Turtle's lair. Gumball is taped to a tree stump wearing nothing but his underwear.
Gumball says: "Why am I the bait?"
Darwin says: "Because you're the one he likes biting the most."
Gumball says: "Alright but why am I not allowed to wear clothes?"
Gumball says: "What was that for?"
Darwin says: "Presentation."
Darwin says: "It's important."
Gumball says: "What?"
Anais says: "Shhh!"
Anais says: "Just remember to let it get as close as possible to give me a chance to catch it."
Darwin says: "Just make sure you don't hurt him, okay?"
Darwin says: "He's really a small little guy and there is three..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: ".."
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Gumball says: "Are you ok?"
Gumball looks around in fear as he hears a loud splash coming from the lake.
Gumball says: "Dude, is that you?"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Hello?"
Gumball says: "Is anyone there?"
Slowly the head of the turtle sticks out of the lake surface as he sets his sight on Gumball. They stare at each other for a moment before it immediately rushes out to attack Gumball. Gumball screams as the vicious turtle closes in and tries to bail out by removing the tape holding him in place. He has difficulty in peeling it off.
Gumball says: "I CAN'T FIND THE EDGE!!"
The Turtle moves in for the bite and at the last second Gumball pulls the tape edge and spins himself out of the trap while losing some of his fur. He runs away from the turtle as it chases after him.
Anais says: "Hey, wait!"
Anais says: "What about the bowl?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "What about my butt?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Scene changes to the Watterson's house as Nicole returns from work.
Nicole says: "Hello, I'm home."
Nicole says: "Kids, where are you?"
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Nicole says: "Richard, where are the kids?"
Richard mumbles gibberish.
Richard mumbles gibberish again.
Nicole says: "Richard, I told you you need to think before you say the words."
Terror in a Shell.
Gumball leaps over a fence as he runs from the Evil Turtle and tries to slow it down by throwing stuff at it. The Evil Turtle is unstoppable and breaks through everything thrown at him. Gumball then climbs on top of a red van in West Elmore Boulevard, escaping the turtle.
The van's sunroof opens and the Evil Turtle bites Gumball's tail, dragging him down inside where it proceed to bite him mercilessly. Gumball struggles against the Turtle until Darwin shows up, muddy and covered in seaweed. The two stopped struggling as they see him.
Nicole is driving with Richard who is still asleep towards the Boulevard as the car is bouncing with the horn blaring "La Cucaracha".
Nicole says: "Richard, what have you done with the car?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "How do you stop this?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Ahh, that's better."
Richard says: "AWESOME STORE!!!"
Richard's shout scares Nicole into crashing the car on an electricity post which falls into the van and its live cables pulled loose.
Darwin says: "I AM GONNA FISHSLAP YOUR RAGGEDY BUTT!!!"
Gumball says: "DUDE, WE GOTTA GO!!"
Evil Turtle hisses at them, unaware that one of the loose electric cables ignited a firework. The two boys ran out of the van as it explodes.
Nicole says: "Kids!"
Nicole says: "Are you ok?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Darwin says: "Hope it's warm enough for you, you cold-blooded punk!"
Richard says: "Awesome Store!"
Richard says: "NOOOOO..."
Richard says: "Ahh, blue one."
Richard says: "Pretty."
A hissing noise come from the fire as the Evil Turtle walks out of the inferno completely unharmed and walks slowly towards the Wattersons.
Gumball says: "No, this can't be possible."
Gumball says: "NOOOO!"
Anais finally captures the turtle in a bowl as it hisses angrily at them.
Anais says: "Well, I guess there is no getting rid of it."
Anais says: "We'll have to keep it as long as it lives."
Nicole says: "How long do they live?"
Anais says: "A hundred and thirty years."
The Evil Turtle hisses evilly and the episode ends.