Darwin says: "Boom!"
Darwin says: "He had all the talent, but none of the discipline."
Gumball says: "I'm just the kid from lower east Elmore."
Gumball says: "I don't know nothin' about jumpin'."
Darwin says: "Then don't jump, kid, just push the world away."
Leslie trips over the jump rope.
Gumball keeps laughing.
Darwin says: "Jump!"
Darwin says: "Coming soon to a playground near you."
Darwin says: "Rated PG-13."
Leslie​​​​ says: "Would you guys quit it?"
Leslie​​​​ says: "You're throwing me off my game."
Gumball says: "Well, excuse us for trying to add some drama to your life."
Juke rushes toward Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin looks at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Pfft."
Darwin gets off the bench and faces Juke.
Darwin says: "A wicked chicken wrote a check for a wall?"
Gumball says: "You, uh, licked the bricks you didn't fix?"
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll try to say this politely but you're gonna need to read between the lines."
Gumball says: "Due to personal circumstances I am unable to commit sufficient resources to resolve this communication problem."
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "Show some understanding."
Darwin says: "He's doing his best to communicate."
Gumball says: "That..."
Gumball says: "just sounded like you said you were running from the butt police."
Darwin says: "I think we need to find out what he wants before he chokes on his tape."
Gumball says: "Too late."
Juke pulls a cassette with exposed tape out of his mouth.
Deciphering Beatbox.
The library. Gumball, Darwin, and Juke are at the computer. Darwin is rewinding Juke's cassette with a pen.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna use the online translator."
Gumball says: "So what language do you speak?"
Darwin says: "What..."
Darwin says: "language..."
Darwin says: "do you speak?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uhp!"
Gumball says: "Please try and articulate this time."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna type that the way I heard it."
Gumball runs his hand on keyboard, and hits the enter button. The computer chimes in.
Gumball says: "Elmore Search says, "Do you need medical help?"
Gumball says: "" I'm tempted to say yes!"
Darwin says: "Gumball, you're not being very constructive."
Darwin says: "What..."
Darwin says: "country..."
Darwin says: "do you come from?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, I got this."
Gumball says: "What country do boombox heads come from?"
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Uh, uh, what my ignorant friend here is trying to say is, "Where do bi-speakered, parallelepipedic electrical leisure appliances come from?"
Gumball says: "Ah, Boomboxembourg!"
Juke seems to groan.
Darwin says: "That's right, home..."
Darwin says: "where you have over five-hundred different words for disco."
Gumball says: "But only discovered fire in 1992."
Darwin and Juke seem to be annoyed.
Gumball says: "Oh, don't blame me!"
Gumball says: "Blame your cavemen."
Juke swipes the keyboard from Gumball and begins to type.
Gumball says: "Of course, why didn't we think of that?"
Gumball says: "You can just write what you want to say."
The computer chimes. On the screen is "bk bk bpp bkbkbk khhhh".
Gumball says: "What the?"
Celebration.
Gumball and Darwin run out of the library screaming.
Gumball says: "MISS SIMIAN'S RETIRED!!!"
Darwin says: "MISS SIMIAN'S RETIRED!!!"
As Darwin leaves the scene, Gumball continues screaming. He tears off his shirt.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball now meets up with Darwin in the chemistry classroom, where Tobias and the Eggheads are experimenting with special chemicals. Gumball and Darwin continue screaming as they run by, Darwin smashing the vials, leaving a large smokescreen and causing Tobias and the Eggheads to begin coughing. Gumball and Darwin then enter the pool area, where they jump in and run along the bottom, still screaming, then jump out and run off.
The living room. Richard is watching TV. We can see the host on a game show with a contestant.
Game Show Host says: "And you've won this amazing, new car!"
Gumball and Darwin drive the car uncontrollably, crash it, then run away, still screaming. Richard gets frightened, then changes the channel to an airline commercial with a plane.
Announcer says: "Elmore Wings."
Announcer says: "We may not have the legroom, but there's plenty of seats."
Gumball and Darwin now appear on one of the plane's wings, still screaming.
Gumball says: "MISS SIMIAN'S RETIRED!!!"
Darwin says: "MISS SIMIAN'S RETIRED!!!"
Gumball and Darwin then get blown off the wing with the accumulated air entering their heads. Richard changes the channel to a nature documentary with a cheetah running along the grasslands.
Narrator says: "The majestic cheetah; fastest land mammal on Earth."
Narrator says: "Capable of reaching speeds of up to…oh."
Gumball and Darwin flawlessly run past the cheetah, still screaming. Richard turns off the TV.
Richard says: "I think I've finally watched too much TV!"
Richard says: "Maybe I should read a book."
Richard says: ""Chapter 1."
Richard says: "Gumball and Darwin ran through the living room..."
Richard says: "screaming"?"
Gumball and Darwin run through the living room screaming, with Richard screaming from shock.
The school entrance. Everyone bursts from the doors, screaming.
All says: "MISS SIMIAN'S RETIRED!!!"
All says: "SCHOOL'S OVER!!!"
Lucy Simian says: "Number One: I have not retired; and number two: if I was retiring, you'd still have to go to school!"
All says: "Ugh!"
Lucy Simian says: "What are you doing out here?"
Mister Small is shown with a party hat and blower, which he slowly stops blowing.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Uhh.."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Well..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I felt sure it was a fire drill, and I was uh gonna..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "All you kids back inside, you hear me?!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "!"
Masami says: "Good job, Watterson."
Lucy Simian says: "Why would anyone think I was retiring?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Well, you are kind of old..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "and bald."
Lucy Simian says: "Bald?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Not bald, my paddle."
Nigel Brown says: "It's just gravity has turned your hair into a beard."
Lucy Simian says: "I've got a beard?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm… the only honorable way out of this is to turn my embarrassment into anger."
Lucy Simian says: "Detention for both of you!"
Mr. Small and Principal Brown sigh.
Second Boombox Message.
Gumball and Darwin are seen walking out of a room, and Gumball slams the door.
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "Little Timmy fell down the well?"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "You found a treasure, and now we can save the town from the evil contractors?"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Then I suggest that you go to the library and learn some English, dude."
Gumball says: "'Cause I'm officially giving up on you."
Gumball says: "I don't understand what you're saying!"
Alan appears, and flies to them.
Alan​​​​ says: "You know, I speak a little beatbox."
Gumball says: "Of course you do."
Gumball says: "I bet you learned it while parachuting carbon-neutral aid parcels to orphan polar bears."
Darwin says: "What did you say?"
Alan​​​​ says: "I asked the way to the beach, and "how much is this taco?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Alan​​​​ says: "I don't know."
Alan​​​​ says: "It's the only words I know how to say."
Alan​​​​ says: "But I think he kept saying "Grobblefest."
Darwin says: "Grobblefest?"
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Principal Brown passes by, reading a book. His fur attracts Alan, and causes his body to stick to his fur.
Alan​​​​ says: "Principal Brown?"
Nigel Brown says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry dude, but I don't understand what you want."
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Importance of Grobblefest.
Back in the library, Darwin searches a computer.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Apparently Grobblefest is this huge coming-of-age ritual that's been celebrated by his country for generations."
Gumball says: "If its so big, how come I haven't heard of it?"
Darwin says: "Uh, Mount Everest?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "The Atlantic Ocean?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Thursday?"
Gumball says: "You can make up as many words you like, but its not gonna prove whatever point you're trying to make."
Darwin says: "But this is what Juke's been wanting us to do the whole time!"
Darwin says: "Celebrate Grobblefest."
Darwin says: "It's really important to his people."
Darwin says: "It's a ritual about becoming a man."
Darwin says: "They love it!"
Clicks on a video of Banana Joe playing air guitar.
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Clicks on a video of a puppy suddenly falling asleep.
Darwin says: "WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "You call Juke a boombox head, you insulted his culture, and when he asked you for some help and understanding, you tie him up to a pipe like a dog!"
Darwin says: "YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE?"
Darwin says: "YOU'RE A BAD FRIEND!"
Clicks on a video entitled "Trust Fail." In the video, a man promises his friend to catch him. But when his friend leans backward and falls, the other becomes distracted with a phone call, and doesn't catch the other guy.
Clicks on a video that shows a man crying a lot of water. Darwin sees Gumball crying like the man on the video.
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "I'VE BEEN A THUNDERJERK!"
Gumball says: "But don't worry, I'm gonna overcompensate for my guilt in the most extreme way possible!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, bring out those coming-of-age rituals."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna throw Juke the most hardcore Grobblefest there's ever been!"
Gumball's Grobblefest.
Gumball and Darwin start the rituals, with Juke at the swimming pool. He is blindfolded.
Gumball says: "Okay, Juke."
Gumball says: "It's time to swim the lake of boyhood, and emerge..."
Gumball says: "a man."
Gumball says: "Happy Grobblefest!"
Juke sinks like a rock. Juke reaches his hand out of the water asking for help, indicating that he is drowning.
Darwin says: "You should be ashamed!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "This is what I've read on the internet."
Gumball says: "Besides, we got the stick."
Gumball says: "We can pull him out, anytime."
Darwin says: "It's not that."
Darwin says: "It's because you're just doing this out of guilt!"
Gumball says: "Well, why else are you supposed to help people?"
Darwin says: "Hold this for me, buddy."
Darwin carrying a stick hands it over to the drowning Juke. Juke grabs it, but Darwin lets it go.
Darwin says: "Look."
Darwin says: "You help someone because you have to show the right example to people."
Gumball says: "So, that's what it's all about, huh?"
Gumball says: "Feeling superior."
Darwin says: "It's not about feeling superior!"
Darwin says: "It's about doing the right thing!"
Gumball says: "Well, you might wanna pull him out then."
Darwin notices Juke, and starts screaming and running around. In the next scene, Gumball and Darwin force Juke to eat something in their backyard.
Gumball says: "Come on now, buddy!"
Gumball says: "Second part of the ritual!"
Gumball says: "Time to be a man!"
Gumball says: "You don't want to get Grobble-fail?"
Gumball says: "EAT IT, and take its strength!"
He pushes Juke toward a squirrel.
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Gumball says: "You can do it!"
Gumball says: "Eat it."
Gumball says: "Eat it!"
Gumball says: "Come on, you can do it, buddy!"
Gumball says: "You're almost there!"
Darwin says: "Has it occured to you that maybe you've got this wrong?"
Gumball says: "Has it occured to you that you might hurt your neck looking down on people all the time?"
Gumball says: "This is the best I can do!"
Gumball says: "You're welcome to go to the zoo, and steal a crocodile if you really want to do it by the book."
Gumball says: "COME ON, dude."
Gumball says: "Man up!"
He continues pushing Juke, then stops.
Gumball says: "Alright, I'll show you."
Gumball says: "What's so hard about this."
He sees the squirrel's shining eyes smiling.
The scene skips to them eating burgers in the house.
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "You know, if you think about it, a cow is better than a squirrel."
Gumball says: "I mean, it's a pretty powerful animal."
Gumball says: "If you had the strength of a cow, that'd be pretty hardcore."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Now that your soul is cleansed and your body is full of the sacred power of the cheeseburger, it is time for the ritual GROBBLE-FIGHT!"
They are shown in the backyard, with "weapons" gathered in the middle.
Darwin says: "This is pathetic."
Gumball says: "What!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "This is perfect!"
The "weapons" are a trash lid, a pair of shoes, and oranges.
Gumball says: "It's just as good as a sword and shield, and a bow and arrow."
Gumball says: "It's all there in spirit."
Gumball says: "Okay, let's get started!"
He and Darwin get ready to spring for the weapons, while Juke disapproves and tries to tell them that he does not want a fight.
Gumball says: "2… 1… Grobble-fight!"
The brothers spring for the weapons. Gumball grabs the bag of oranges, and Darwin defends himself with the trash lid against the barrage of incoming oranges.
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Make a effort, it's for Juke!"
Darwin says: "You still don't get it, do you?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I get it alright."
Gumball says: "You're a finger-pointer, and now I'm doing the right thing."
Gumball says: "You can't point your pointy little flipper at me anymore, and that's why you're so butthurt."
Gumball says: "But the truth is, I'm actually doing something, and you're not helping at all!"
Darwin says: "I AM helping!"
Gumball dodges, and throws shoe.
Darwin tackles Gumball.
The shoe that Gumball throws accidentally hits Juke in the back of his head, and causes a switch to be moved.
Juke says: "OW!"
Juke says: "Right in the…  I've been trying to explain this for two years: my arms are too short to reach it!"
Gumball and Darwin continue fighting.
Juke says: "Guys, guys."
Juke says: "You can stop fighting."
Juke says: "I appreciate the effort, but I have no idea what this "Grobblefest" thing is."
Juke says: "Boomboxembourg is a continent."
Juke says: "There's more than one country, you know."
Gumball says: "Be quiet, Juke!"
Gumball says: "We're trying to help you!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, but you're just helping in a half-baked way to feel better about yourself!"
Gumball says: "Hang on!"
Gumball says: "We're both trying to do good here."
Gumball says: "There's no reason to be fighting!"
Darwin says: "I agree!"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry for making you feel bad!"
Gumball says: "And I'm sorry for fighting with you!"
Darwin says: "Well, you can stop slapping me then."
They stop fighting, and get up.
Gumball says: "Well, at least we made someone happy today."
Gumball says: "Happy Grobblefest, Juke!"
They move to embrace him.
Juke says: "Oh NO NO, GUYS WAIT-!"
Gumball's embrace causes him to unintentionally switch Juke's voice from "voice" to "beatbox" again.
Gumball says: "Look at that."
Gumball says: "You try and help people, and that's what you get."
The episode ends with them walking away from a disappointed Juke.