It's Tough to Be Big.
In Hector's cave, Gumball, Darwin, and Hector are making a model of the Great Barrier Reef. Gumball puts glue over a wooden fish.
Gumball says: "How can we not get an A with this?"
Gumball says: "This diorama puts the "g" in biology."
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "slowly, Hector."
Gumball says: "A bit more, a bit more."
Hector perfectly puts the octopus in the model.
Gumball says: "Perfect."
Hector sighs and the model and a dust storm falls on the model and leaves the faces of Gumball and Darwin stretched.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's try that again."
Gumball says: "Where’d the barrier reef go?"
Outside the city hall, Mr. Small is holding a banner that says "Save the barrier reef".
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Protect the barrier reef, or one day, nature will strike back!"
Goblin says: "Yeah, sure, hippie man!"
Goblin says: "Bring it on, barrier reef!"
Goblin says: "I'll give you a free shot."
The model of the reef hits Goblin in the face. He straightens his tie respectably and faints. The scene cuts back to Hector's cave.
Hector says: "Oh, sorry."
Hector says: "I hate being so big."
Gumball says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "It's great to be huge."
Hector says: "Trust in me, it's not."
Hector says: "I have to stick my head in a car wash when I need to shampoo my hair, only to look like a poodle who chewed a power cord."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but at least girls like tall guys."
Hector says: "I swallowed the last girl I kissed."
Hector says: "She broke up with me immediately."
Hector says: "Well, a day later."
Gumball and Darwin look at Hector with an awkward face.
Hector says: "Still, it’s a better feeling than being forced to use a volcano because there are no toilets your size!"
Hector says: "Which means the hair on your butt will never grow back because of the heat!"
Hector says: "And the people will laugh and point at it from every corner of the tri-state area!"
Gumball and Darwin look down with big puppy dog eyes.
Gumball says: "I have an idea!"
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "Just do something to distract from your height!"
Darwin says: "Like the Titanic was the biggest ship in the world, but all anyone remembers is that it's the fastest!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I was thinking more about using one of Mrs."
Gumball says: "Jötunheim's book of potions."
Hector says: "No, Mom wouldn't let us."
Gumball says: "Aw, come on!"
Gumball says: "All we need is a little potion."
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "An intelligence potion to help us think of a solution!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, if you're not gonna help, can you just walk away, please?"
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "The further away you get from Hector, the smaller he appears!"
Gumball says: "I meant a shrinking potion!"
Darwin says: "That makes no sense."
Darwin says: "If we shrink ourselves, Hector will only look bigger!"
Gumball says: "Ugghh!"
Darwin says: "No, no, gimme a chance, I'll get there."
Darwin says: "Is the potion itself shrinking?"
Hector says: "I think the potion's for me."
Darwin says: "I think the potion's for me?"
Gumball heaves an exasperated sigh. Mrs. Jötunheim appears behind them.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What potion are you talking about?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I won't allow it!"
Gumball says: "But why?"
Gumball says: "He doesn't like being a giant."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "No potion will make you accept yourself for who you are."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "My son just needs to grow into himself."
Gumball says: "But I..."
Cut to the outside of the cave. Darwin follows him out.
Darwin says: "You stole the potion book, didn't you?"
Gumball says: "Yup!"
Putting Together the Potion.
In Gumball and Darwin's bedroom, Gumball stirs a glowing blue potion inside a cauldron.
Gumball says: "Okay, the next ingredient is..."
Gumball says: "a fragment of a broken dream."
Darwin says: "Man, it was hard enough milking all those wolves!"
Gumball says: "We only had to milk one!"
Darwin says: "But the others looked so left out!"
Darwin says: "Now, how are we gonna get a fragment of a broken dream?"
Gumball says: "Dad's Elmore Gym membership card!"
Darwin says: "Hm."
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Very good."
Gumball says: "Now for the last ingredient: a head of rosemary flower."
Darwin says: "Wait, did you just say a head of rosemary flower..."
Darwin says: "or the head of Rosemary Flowers?"
Gumball says: "A head of rosemary flower."
Darwin says: "Probably should've asked before I started digging."
Darwin says: "What now?"
Gumball says: "We should try it on something to make sure it works."
They look out the window, Gumball holding a pipette full of the potion. Darwin points to a bee on the roof.
Darwin says: "There!"
Darwin says: "Aim for that bee!"
Gumball lowers the pipette to the bee, but it flies away at the very last second. Gumball screams and throws the pipette out the window. It bounces off the roof, and lands on Larry's car, shrinking it promptly while his arms and legs break out the windows.
Larry says: "Huh?"
Larry says: "What?!"
Larry says: "!"
Larry says: "Aaaaah!"
Larry's tiny car swerves out of control and hits the side of Siciliana's. Panicking, he starts crawling around on all fours, still inside his car. The boys, taking in this whole scene, gasp in shock.
Gumball says: "Aaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaaah!"
Gumball says: "It works!"
Darwin says: "It works!"
Hector's Tiny Adventures.
In the Elmore Junior High courtyard. Gumball and Darwin hold up a vial of the potion to Hector.
Gumball says: "C'mon, man!"
Gumball says: "Drink it!"
Gumball says: "We used all the best ingredients."
Gumball says: "Swine gums, withered monkey hands, frogspawn..."
Hector says: "Sounds tasty, but isn't it dangerous?"
Gumball says: "Okay, side effects might include total annihilation, a fate worse than total annihilation, and a fate worse than a fate worse than total annihilation."
Gumball says: "But what if you actually survive it?"
Hector says: "You make it sound so tempting!"
Hector says: "But what about what my mom said about growing into myself and stuff?"
Gumball says: "You would still be growing, but into a smaller self."
Gumball says: "You'd be obeying her technically, but not actually?"
Hector says: "I don't know if my mom will buy that."
Gumball says: "Then just do what everyone else does and blame it on rap music."
Hector says: "What's rap music got to do with a shrinking potion?"
Gumball says: "I dunno, they're all called "Lil" something."
Hector says: "Okay, I'm in."
Gumball says: "I kinda expected something a little more..."
Gumball says: "dignified."
Gumball says: "What was that now?"
Fade to Hector running in a field.
Hector says: "I can run!"
Hector says: "But not very far because I've never had to take more than two steps to get anywhere."
Hector rides a bike through the city.
Hector says: "I can cycle!"
Hector says: "Wait, no I can't."
Hector says: "I NEVER LEARNED!!!"
At the stadium, Hector plays football.
Hector says: "I can play football!!"
Hector says: "I can fit on a stretcher!"
At the mall, Hector skips up to Debbie, Rotten Cupcake, and Clare.
Hector says: "I CAN KISS GIRLS!!!"
Hector says: "And their boyfriends!!"
On the sidewalk, Hector runs up to Principal Brown and grabs him by the shoulders.
Hector says: "I can see what people look like up close!"
He stares at Principal Brown, but realizes his face close up is disgusting. He stares at Jeff and Tony, but they aren't any more appealing up close.
Hector says: "And I don't like it!!"
He skips up to a public bus.
Hector says: "I can finally use public transport!"
Hector says: "I CAN TASTE PEOPLE'S SMELL!!!"
In the school hallway, Hector is in front of his open locker.
Hector says: "I can be like everyone else!!"
Julius runs up, shoves Hector into his locker, and closes the door.
Julius says: "And I can make up for not being able to do this for five years!"
Hector says: "I can be like everyone else!"
Hector says: "I can be like everyone else..."
Hector says: "!"
While the sun sets, Hector is sitting on the swing at the park, depressed.
Hector says: "I'm just like everyone else."
8-Bit Dog says: "Uh, sorry?"
There's a line of people waiting to use the swing.
8-Bit Dog says: "It's, uh, my turn to be depressed."
Hector sighs and gets off.
8-Bit Dog says: "Thanks."
Back to Abnormal.
The next day, back in the Elmore Junior High courtyard. Hector approaches Gumball and Darwin, who are eating lunch.
Hector says: "I wanna get back to normal."
Gumball says: "You mean back to abnormal?"
Hector says: "Whatever."
Darwin says: "But why?"
Hector says: "Yeah, I don't wanna be insulting, but living down amongst people is like living amongst gross, selfish, bacteria-riddled cockroaches."
Darwin says: "Wow."
Darwin says: "Glad you weren't trying to be insulting."
Hector says: "Sorry."
Hector says: "I apologize."
Darwin says: "Thank you."
Hector says: "To cockroaches."
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
Gumball says: "Okay, so you want us to make a growing potion?"
Hector says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "And, what's the magic word?"
Hector says: "Now."
Hector says: "Noooowwww!"
Back in Gumball and Darwin's bedroom. Gumball and Darwin mix up a new potion in the cauldron while Hector watches impatiently.
Hector says: "Noooowwww!!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay!"
Gumball says: "We heard you the first hundred and twenty-three times!"
Gumball says: "Uh, you must've missed something."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "I followed every instruction!"
Gumball says: "What about this?"
Darwin says: "Rangutan toenails!"
Darwin says: "It says zero, so I didn't put any in."
Darwin says: "Not one of 'em."
Gumball says: ""Rangutan"?"
Gumball says: "What on earth is that?"
Darwin says: "I don't know, but it's definitely not in it!"
Gumball says: "It says orangutan toenails, man!"
Gumball says: "As in the ape!"
Darwin says: "I think you'll find they're called "orangeutans"."
Gumball says: "W-wait-wait-wait."
Gumball says: "You think that type of ape is called "utan", and is referred to as orange because of the color of its fur?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, 'cause they're ginger, innit?"
Gumball and Darwin crack up laughing. Gumball wipes a tear.
Gumball says: "Aw man, did you hear that?"
They look at Hector, whose nose and mouth have grown, but not the rest of him.
Gumball says: "Ohh!"
Gumball says: "Dahhh!"
Gumball says: "He looks like the blobfish from the internet kissed the drain at the bottom of the pool!"
Hector's entire head inflates.
Gumball says: "Daaahhh!"
Gumball says: "He looks like a one-man parade float!"
Hector is squished into a melting blob.
Gumball says: "Daaaahhhh!"
Gumball says: "He looks like a carpet made out of Great-Grandpa's tummy tucks!"
Hector says: "Guys?"
Hector says: "I'm feeling a pittle leculiar."
Gumball says: "Oh, man!"
Gumball says: "It's 'cause we missed that ingredient!"
Darwin says: "Uh—"
Darwin says: "okay!"
Darwin says: "I'll call his mom!"
Darwin says: "She'll know what to do!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "She'll punish us by giving us butts instead of hands or something!"
Gumball says: "We'll never be able to wear gloves again!"
Hector's butt expands and he collapses under the weight.
Darwin says: "I don't think that'll be our first problem, but I get your point."
Gumball says: "Okay, then."
Gumball says: "Let's get to Mrs."
Gumball says: "Jötunheim's cave."
Gumball says: "We need to get those orangutan toenails."
Darwin says: "But you said she'd be mad if she sees us!"
Gumball says: "Ah, but she won't see us!"
Gumball says: "We'll be stealthy."
Darwin says: "Like Trojan dorks."
Gumball says: "Dude, it's not what—"
Gumball says: "ah, whatever."
Mission in the Cave.
Outside the Jötunheims' cave, Gumball and Darwin balance a woozy Hector, who is walking aimlessly. He falls on his face, and laughs.
Darwin says: "Dude, are you feeling okay?"
Gumball says: "How many fingers am I holding up?"
Hector says: "Murple!"
Gumball says: "Okay, murple's not a number."
Darwin says: "And it's not a color either."
Hector says: "Heh heh heh!"
Gumball shushes Hector, who playfully shushes him back. As he does, his hand grows abnormally big and crushes Gumball. The sound echoes through the town.
Hector says: "Hehehehe!"
Hector says: "I can hear footprints!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "His mom's coming!"
Darwin tries to pull on Hector's hand, which doesn't budge. Suddenly, he shrinks to near invisibility, and Gumball and Darwin hide behind a rock just as Mrs. Jötunheim walks out. She looks around, sees nothing, shrugs, and goes back in.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "Where are you?"
Hector's head expands, hitting Gumball in the chin and giving him a black eye.
Gumball says: "There it is."
Hector shoots up in height, flinging Gumball in the air.
Darwin says: "Hector!"
Darwin says: "Catch him!"
Hector says: "I thot gis!"
Hector says: "I don't thot gis."
Gumball says: "Look, just no more goofing around, okay?"
Hector gives Gumball a thumbs up. His thumbs grow long enough to go into his nostrils.
Inside the cave. Mrs. Jötunheim is working on a potion, while Gumball and Darwin sneak in. They motion for Hector to come over, and he stumbles over giggling. Darwin checks a shelf.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "Where are your mom's toenails?"
Hector says: "On her toes, I guess!"
Gumball shushes them both, grabs a cloak of invisibility from a coat hanger, and covers them. Mrs. Jötunheim turns around, sees nothing, and goes back to work.
Gumball says: "Phew."
They remove the cloak. Darwin bounces on top of Hector, but as he is about to jump, Hector shrinks. Darwin hits the ground, and Hector lands on a spiderweb.
Gumball says: "Where is he?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "He shrunk again!"
Gumball says: "Find him!"
A spider crawls onto the spiderweb, approaching Hector. He stifles a scream.
Darwin says: "I got him!"
Hector says: "Aw, sweet mushy-gushy squishy leggy murdery baby!"
Darwin says: "Aww!"
Darwin says: "He's made a friend!"
Gumball says: "Good!"
Gumball says: "Just keep an eye on him while I find the jar of—"
Gumball says: "oh, boy."
Gumball says: "They're on her table!"
Darwin says: "Go for it!"
Darwin says: "I'll keep an eye on Hector!"
He unknowingly moves the magnifying glass into the light, burning Hector and the spider. Hector screams. Darwin panics and blows on the flame, but it doesn't go out. Meanwhile, Gumball, wearing the cloak, slinks up to the table and reaches his hand out, but accidentally touches a frog. Mrs. Jötunheim notices this, takes a sip of her coffee, and sets the mug down on Gumball's hand. Darwin spits on Hector, which finally puts out the fire, but now he is drowning in the bead of spit. Darwin gasps, inhaling Hector, and chokes. Suddenly, his leg expands and comes out of Darwin's mouth. Seeing this, Gumball panics and throws Mrs. Jötunheim's coffee mug into her cauldron, distracting her long enough for him to take the toenails and put them in Hector's mouth, and he finally grows back to size.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, boys!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Come over here."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I just finished baking a cake!"
Gumball says: "Oh, you shouldn't have!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Oh, don't be silly."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "and here is your cake."
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
The cake is revealed to say, "I KNOW WHAT YOU DID YOU BONEHEADS" in icing.
Gumball says: ""I know what you did, you..."
Gumball says: "boneheads"."
Gumball says: "How?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You forgot to hang up when you called me earlier."
Darwin hangs up with a guilty look on his face. Gumball looks at his mug.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "This is a potion, isn't it?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Just a short-term one."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I like that idea you had, the hand/butt swap potion."
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Darwin says: "Hmm?"
They pull out their hands, and sure enough, there are butts in their place. One of Gumball's butt-hands farts, and the episode ends.