The Test Result.
The episode starts in the library, with Gumball turning to face the viewer.
Gumball says: "The Internet– the power of infinite knowledge, only a click away."
Gumball says: "A tool to transform the world and unite every being."
Gumball says: "And this is what they do with it!"
Gumball says: "Twenty-six pictures of llamas that pretty much sum up the human condition?"
Sarah says: "But look at that one having a bad hair day!"
Gumball says: "Sarah, it's just a llama-based ploy to ram as much advertising into your face as possible."
Sarah says: "But it's good advertising."
Sarah says: "Look: "Doctors hate him."
Sarah says: "Learn his five-step trick for rock-hard abs!"
Gumball says: "Sarah, that's a picture of a rock."
Gumball says: "The more we look at these things, the more our brains deterio-gen-aria-rate."
Sarah says: "So you're saying you don't want to know what type of sitcom character you are?"
Gumball says: "No."
Sarah says: "But it says it will blow your mind."
Gumball says: "I wasn't convinced, but now they've added that tag line, I'm kind of intrigued."
Gumball says: ""Pick an object."
Gumball says: "" What?"
Gumball says: "How is that supposed to help analyze what kind of person I am?"
Gumball says: ""Pick a word."
Gumball says: "" Noodloo, Ferengoy, Classoflerp, or Maurice?"
Gumball says: "These aren't even words."
Darwin says: "Yes, they are."
Gumball says: "Use them in a sentence."
Darwin says: "I'm just going to the classoflerp to pick up my new ferengoy with Maurice."
Darwin says: "Noodloo!"
Sarah says: "Which of these is your favorite: a sock, the wind, Uganda, or a pickle?"
Gumball says: "I'm pretty sure these tests are created by pouring seeds on a keyboard and having pigeons peck at it."
Gumball makes his choice and his results come up.
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm the loser?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sarah says: "Of course, you're the character the audience likes to laugh at, the loser."
Sarah says: "Usually likes to criticize everyone, but stays completely oblivious to their own failings."
Gumball says: "That sounds like I'm some sort of pathetic punk!"
Gumball says: "Wha-what did you guys get?"
Sarah says: "I got anime-obsessed fangirl who stalks the loser."
Sarah says: "Which is completely accurate."
Darwin says: "I got lovable sidekick, usually the loser's best friend."
Sarah says: "Another important part to play in the grand sitcom that is life!"
Gumball says: "This is ridiculous!"
Gumball says: "My life is not a sitcom and that test is completely random!"
Gumball says: "Look, I'll prove it."
Gumball mashes the keyboard with his butt; the result is the same.
Gumball says: "Loser again?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Being the loser is cool, dude."
Darwin says: "You're kinda like the antihero."
Gumball says: "Uh, no, it's not cool, it's not at all who I wanna be."
Darwin says: "So who did you wanna be?"
Gumball says: "Well, uh, I'm not sure."
Sarah says: "Describe him to me."
Gumball says: "Athletic, the strong silent type, but who's also really funny and has great hair."
Darwin says: "Are you sure this is who you wanna be?"
Darwin says: "He kinda looks like a muscly mime with a horse mane."
Sarah shows her drawing of a mime with long hair.
Gumball says: "No no, dude, it's just—"
Gumball says: "I just wanna be popular."
Darwin says: "What are you gonna do, then?"
Gumball says: "The exact reverse of everything I'd normally do!"
No More "Gumballisms".
A sequence shows Gumball doing everything in reverse. He starts by waking up and walking backwards out of his room while undressing. He waits at a bus stop, completely naked, which troubles his classmates. During class, he uses his feet to put glasses on his butt and pretends to read a book. Later, he throws his bat at Leslie while they play baseball. Darwin finally stops him when he spits out his chewed food and starts putting it back in the container in front of Rocky.
Darwin says: "Alright, you're taking this too literally."
Darwin says: "I gotta put an end to it before you go to the bathroom."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "I got a better idea on how to become the popular one."
Darwin says: "It's not gonna be anything weird or unhealthy, is it?"
Gumball says: "No no no."
Gumball says: "I'm just gonna bottle up all my natural urges."
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Bottling up my urge to breathe."
Darwin says: "I can see this is gonna pan out great."
Gumball gives a thumbs up and faints. Cuts to Darwin carrying Gumball out of a classroom.
Darwin says: "How about you just stick to being nice and stay away from the usual Gumballisms?"
Gumball says: "What's a Gumballism?"
Darwin says: "When you say unnecessarily mean things like "Your face looks like a cat trying to claw its way out of a melon."
Gumball says: "Ugh, okay."
Gumball gets off Darwin and walks off. He pauses when Tobias walks by Gumball and Darwin.
Tobias​​ says: "Hey, dudes!"
Tobias walks by Gumball and Darwin, showing off his very unflattering new haircut.
Tobias​​ says: "Notice anything different?"
Gumball says: "You look like a cannelloni filled with idiocy!"
Gumball says: "You look like the sausage on top of your head hasn't finished loading!"
Gumball says: "You look like a SNORK!"
Something tries to crawl out of Gumball's mouth. He swallows it.
Gumball says: "You look like a new man."
Tobias​​ says: "Ha ha, thanks."
Tobias walks away, while Sarah awkwardly looks at him and makes a weirded out face and faces at the camera, pointing at him.
Gumball spits out a green creature.
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "The venom I'm keeping inside."
The Sitcom.
The school bell rings.
Gumball tries to hold his breath to prevent any venom from coming out while Banana Joe and Leslie talk to him.
Banana Joe says: "I must say, you're way nicer to talk to today."
Leslie​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Leslie​​​​​​​​​ says: "Usually, you're a total picknitter."
Gumball says: "D-did you just say "picknitter?"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​ says: "Uh-huh."
Leslie​​​​​​​​​ says: "But now you've turned over a new leap, and started a nude."
Gumball says: "Th-thank you for noticing."
Lucy Simian says: "Okay class, settle down please."
Banana Joe walks to the back of the classroom with the bottom of his body peeking out of his peel. A creature makes its way out of Gumball's mouth; he pushes it back in. Gumball starts to breathe as if he's about to choke.
Darwin says: "Are you sure you can maintain this?"
Gumball says: "It's a lot of venom to digest, but I think my body's getting used to it."
Darwin says: "Well, be careful you don't get an ulcer."
Gumball pulls his sweater up to reveal venoms trying to come out of his abdomen.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I'm way past that point."
Camera pans to Tobias.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Most people get indigestion, but I guess you get  outdigestion!"
The format changes to 90's VHS quality and a laugh track plays, causing Darwin and Sarah to look around.
Darwin says: "Where did that come from?"
Sarah says: "I don't know."
Sarah says: "What's going on?"
Cuts to a guitar cue with a nineties version of an intro of school and cuts to the schoolyard. An audience cheers for Tobias as he walks up to Masami and Carrie. Darwin and Sarah can be seen sitting on a bench in the background, studying Tobias.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, Masami, I've been thinking."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "We should go out."
Masami says: "But we're already outside."
The audience laughs. Sarah takes notes.
Sarah says: "Hm, continuity mistake with the haircut."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "No, I mean we should go out on a date!"
Masami says: "Sure, meet you at a quarter past never."
Masami and Carrie move away while a guitar noise cue plays. Tobias makes a face that looks as if he's about to cry at the camera, and the audience "awwws" at Tobias. Cuts back to Sarah and Darwin.
Sarah says: "Oh, no."
Darwin says: "What?"
Sarah says: "The canned laughter, the bad jokes?"
Sarah says: "Nature hates a vacuum, and I think Tobias has replaced Gumball as the loser in the grand sitcom of our lives."
Clare says: "Normally, I wouldn't date such a loser, but I'm impressed by your confidence."
Clare says: "See you tonight!"
Clare walks away, and Tobias makes a happy face at the camera. Cut to Sarah and Darwin again.
Darwin says: "Yeah, I'm more concerned about Gumball."
Gumball is sitting next to Sussie on the bench, who can be seen drinking. Gumball appears to be struggling to hold back venom. Juke walks by and waves to Gumball. Gumball gives a thumbs up and smiles, and one of his teeth falls off. Cut back to Sarah and Darwin.
Darwin says: "He's more popular now, but I'm worried his liver is gonna fail from all the bile he's keeping inside."
Cut to Tobias, and Masami approaches him.
Masami says: "Sorry I was so rude earlier, it was very courageous of you to ask me out."
Masami says: "So, see you tonight?"
Masami winks and moves away. Tobias makes a confused face at the camera, and the audience makes an "oh" sound and laughs. Cut to Sarah and Darwin.
Sarah says: "A two-timer date story?!"
Sarah says: "!"
Sarah says: "sitcom setup of all time!"
Sarah says: "That multicolored buttclown steals the spot for two minutes, and we're already swimming in lazy sitcom clichés!"
Sarah drags Darwin away.
New Lead.
A sitcom stinger plays. Camera shows a locker hallway before cutting to Alan, staring at papers on the bulletin board. Tobias walks to Alan.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, Alan!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Do you remember that time when I was trying to date Carmen?"
Tobias flashes back to the events of "The Move" the time when Carmen angrily slapped her book against Tobias for flirting at her and storms off.
Alan​​​​ says: "Hm, no, I wasn't there."
Alan​​​​ says: "Also, for the record, Carmen is my girlf—"
Tobias​​​​ says: "Or that time when I was trying to date Masami?"
Tobias remembers another event in "The Move" when Masami angrily hit him with her book after he tried flirting with her.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Ah, good times..."
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Or that time I was trying to date Carrie?"
Alan interrupts Tobias.
Alan​​​​​​​ says: "Can you please stop doing this?"
Alan​​​​​​​ says: "I don't share these memories, I'm just looking at you looking up!"
The audience laughs. Camera pans to Darwin and Sarah.
Sarah says: "He's already turned our lives into some lazy clip show!"
Camera pans back to Tobias and Alan.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "My dry spell is over."
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Tonight, I'm dating not one, but two girls!"
Alan​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Alan​​​​​​​ says: "Putting aside the fact that it's morally disgusting, how are you gonna be in two places at the same time?"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Easy, I'll just ask my genius sister for help."
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Anais!"
The audience cheers as Anais with glasses walks towards Tobias. Alan looks confused.
Anais says: "What's going on?"
Anais says: "Why have I got a lisp?"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Sarah says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Sarah says: "!"
Sarah says: "Not only is he doing a terrible job as the loser, he's taking over Gumball's whole life and ruining that too!"
Darwin says: "What do we do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Sarah says: "We take him out."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "How about we convince Gumball to go back to normal?"
Sarah says: "Yeah, of course."
Sarah says: "We'll try that first."
Sarah holds up her baseball bat and speaks in the sinister voice again.
Sarah says: "And then..."
Darwin says: "Come on."
Sarah and Darwin start walking away.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Hurry up, Anais, or we'll be late for the Battle of the Bands!"
Sarah says: "Now he's changing his story halfway through!"
Darwin says: "Chill out!"
Sarah says: "No!"
Sarah says: "He's ruining the continuity!"
Sarah says: "MY CONTINUITY!"
Darwin holds her back, eventually dragging her off-screen.
The Amazing World of Tobias?!
Cut to the school library. Gumball can be seen sitting behind Felix, who is munching chips. Gumball's stomach growls. Darwin and Sarah approach him from behind.
Darwin says: "Hey, dude!"
Darwin says: "You need to be the loser agai—"
Gumball turns around. His skin has more desaturated colors and visible veins is eyes are twitching and have tiny pupils, and a green liquid runs out of his nose.
Darwin says: "What the—"
Sarah says: "Gumball, you need to get back to your old loser self!"
Darwin says: "Dude."
Darwin says: "What are you chewing?"
Gumball says: "I dunno if it's a piece of meat that was stuck to my teeth, or a bit of my tongue."
Darwin says: "You're poisoning yourself!"
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter!"
Gumball says: "I'm like that Roman emperor guy who kept drinking a bit of poison everyday to build up a resistance."
Darwin says: "Oh, and how did that end?"
Gumball says: "Uh, his palace was invaded and he tried to off himself drinking poison, but it didn't work and he got hacked to pieces by his own soldiers."
Darwin says: "Okay, that's—"
Darwin says: "It would've been better if he had poisoned himself."
Darwin says: "But either way, you can see it didn't end well, right?"
Gumball says: "Nothing will change my mind."
Darwin makes a sound.
Sarah says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "An ironic music cue."
Sarah says: "Nah, it'd be more like..."
Darwin and Sarah proceed to imitate sitcom cues.
Sarah says: "Eh, scary one works too."
Camera cuts to a school intro scene and cuts to the Wattersons' house at nighttime. Darwin comes home, followed by Sarah, dragging Gumball.
Gumball says: "Wait, why is it suddenly nighttime?"
Gumball says: "School's not even over!"
Sarah says: "Trust me, that's not the most illogical thing going on right now."
Darwin screams as he begins to glitch out and disappears.
Gumball says: "W-wait-what's going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sarah says: "That."
Darwin appears at the table, where Tobias and the rest of the Watterson family are having dinner. Richard and Nicole stare awkwardly at Tobias.
Tobias​​ says: "Mom, have you been buying food at the gross-ery store again?"
Anais and Darwin look at Nicole and Richard in confusion, who shake their heads at each other, just as confused.
Tobias​​ says: "'Cause this mashed potato should be called trashed potato!"
Tobias smiles and winks at the camera as the audience laughs. Cut to Sarah and Gumball, behind the couch.
Sarah says: "The worse the joke, the louder the laughter!"
Gumball says: "What's he doing here?"
Camera edits the background to have Christmas decorations.
Sarah says: "He's doing a Christmas special now, apparently."
The house is suddenly decorated with Christmas lights, and the family is in the living room opening presents. Gumball and Sarah are now watching from outside.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "You know what, sis?"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "I guess we learned a big lesson today."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Christmas is not about presents, it's about family."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "So let's welcome a new member to our family: say hello to Gworp!"
Gworp says: "Yeeh!"
Gworp says: "Gworp!"
Gumball says: "What is that thing?"
Sarah says: "The lovable alien who's only there to boost ratings!"
Gumball says: "It makes no sense, we're not even in the living room anymore!"
Sarah says: "We're not even on the ground."
Gumball and Sarah fall down, and the camera edits the scene so that they land in the park.
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "Okay, Sarah, what the what's going on here?"
Sarah says: "You need to be the loser again!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "People love the new me."
Sarah says: "Not everyone."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "So, Penny, I was thinking we should have a dinner date at that new diner, Dinner."
Penny says: "That's easy for you to say."
Gumball says: "No..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "No, not Penny!"
Gumball says: "Tobias, you—"
Sarah says: "That's it!"
Sarah says: "Spit your venom at him!"
Gumball says: "You're—"
Gumball tries to make insults, but can't and develops tears. His stomach makes more ulcers.
Sarah says: "If it goes on much longer, the sitcom of our lives will be so awful it'll get cancelled!"
Gumball says: "You—"
Sarah says: "Or worse, it'll turn out that it was all a dream!"
Sarah says: "Oh, gosh darn it!"
Camera fades to a different scene as if it was a "dream".
Tobias Jumps the Shark.
Tobias wakes up in the hospital with Gumball, Darwin, Sarah and Joan beside him. Sarah and Gumball make mad faces while Gumball is storing his venom.
Tobias​​ says: "Wait, what?"
Tobias​​ says: "What happened?"
Joan says: "You had a boating accident while trying to jump a shark on waterskis."
Joan says: "You've been unconscious for a few days."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh, you guys!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks for being there for me."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "I guess friendship is the one boat that will never sink."
The audience "awwws" while a cue plays. Sarah immediately grabs the guitar that was playing it, and throws it at the screen, reverting the screen to a clear, modern day one, and the audience makes a shocked sound. Meanwhile, Gumball is still struggling to keep his remarks to himself.
Sarah says: "Do it."
Gumball holds Tobias' face and violently throws up heavy amounts of venom at him, burning a hole into it. Gumball now has a normal face instead of one that struggles to hold venom.
Sarah says: "I would say, "In your face!"
Sarah says: "",  if you had one!"
A faceless Tobias and his blanket falls off his bed as his friends laugh. Joan walks to the bed with a plate of food and a cup of water. She sees Tobias on the floor, throws the plate to raise her arms and screams in terror, ending the episode.