A Rumor About Marriage.
The episode starts inside the bathroom. No one is inside, but everything starts to collapse. Cut to the outside of the bathroom where Richard and Louie are hanging a picture.
Richard says: "There."
Louie says: "That was a great vacation."
Louie says: "Florida was really good for my joints."
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "But not for my skin."
Richard says: "Tastes like my bath water."
Louie says: "You need to stop eating things that aren't food."
Louie says: "And also eat less food."
Richard says: "Thank you, Louie."
Richard says: "You know, I never had anyone to share that kind of profound wisdom with me."
Louie says: "It's called survival instinct, and it comes right after breathing without concentrating."
Richard says: "What I mean is I hope you won't mind if I call you Dad!"
Louie says: "Well, since this is already awkward, it's a good time to tell you that your mother and I want to marry and move to Florida."
Louie says: "How do you feel about it?"
Richard says: "It's  great!"
Louie says: "I'm impressed."
Louie says: "I didn't think you'd take it like an adult."
Louie says: "I expected some kind of explosion."
Louie says: "Are you sure you're okay with it?"
Richard says: "I'm fine."
In rage, Richard explodes, and Louie is blasted outside. Granny Jojo opens the front door.
Granny Jojo says: "How'd it go?"
Louie says: "Well, at least he didn't say no."
Back inside the house, everything and Richard is now burnt and dusty. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, who are all burnt and dusty from Richard's explosion, go upstairs to see Richard.
Gumball says: "Ah, so Louie told you."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin opens Richard's mouth with a crowbar.
Richard says: "I said, I WILL NOT LET THIS MAN STEAL MY MOTHER!"
Darwin says: "Come on, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, try to adopt a different attitude and be happy for Louie."
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Richard says: "Dad..."
Richard says: "try..."
Richard says: "adopt..."
Richard says: "Louie."
Richard says: "Dad adopt Louie..."
Gumball says: "No, no, no!"
Richard says: "DAD ADOPT LOUIE!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We won't let you become Louie's dad so you have the power to forbid his wedding!"
Richard says: "Huh, thanks."
Richard says: "I had no idea where I was going with that."
The kids slap their faces with their hands except for Darwin, who slaps his face with the crowbar.
Adoption of Louie.
Nicole says: "One for Mr."
Nicole says: "Finklehimer."
Richard walks into The Wattersons' dining room while Nicole is making a guest list. He then falls down, and comes back up.
Richard says: "Sooo, what are you guys up to?"
Nicole says: "Making a guest list for the wedding."
Richard says: "Oh, can I see?"
Clearly swaps the guest list for the adoption form and hands it to Louie while everyone watches in confusion.
Richard says: "Whoops, Louie, you forgot your name on the guest list."
Gumball says: "Hmmm, something smells fishy..."
Darwin smells his arm.
Anais says: "No, not you, those adoption papers."
Richard is seen with an evil grin watching Nicole and Louie.
Gumball says: "No, no, no, don't!"
Richard takes the adoption form from Louie and rips his shirt off.
Richard says: "Ha ha!"
Richard says: "Those papers you just signed mean you're now officially my son!"
Richard says: "Now as your father, I hereby forbid you from marrying my mother!"
Richard says: "Boom!"
Richard says: "I'm number one!"
Richard says: "Boom!"
Richard says: "You are my son!"
Richard says: "Boom!"
Richard says: "I'm number one!"
Richard says: "Boom!"
Granny Jojo says: "How dare you!"
Louie says: "You should be ashamed!"
Richard says: "Tut tut tut."
Richard says: "I think it's time to go to bed, son."
Louie says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "I'm a seventy-two-year-old man!"
Louie says: "Who was raised with traditional values to always obey his father."
Louie says: "Goodnight, sir."
Louie's Adopting Decision.
Louie is attempting to climb a ladder to the top bunk of Gumball's bed.
Gumball says: "Alright, you can crash with me in the lower bunk."
Louie says: "Ahh, thanks, kid."
Gumball says: "I know, Louie, it's messed up."
Gumball says: "You were supposed to be our grandpa, but now you're our adopted brother, which makes your bride your grandma and your future daughter-in-law your mother."
Louie says: "Hmm..."
Louie says: "Louie..."
Louie says: "adopt..."
Louie says: "mother, Louie adopts mother!"
Louie says: "LOUIE ADOPTS MOTHER!"
Louie says: "Ha!"
Louie says: "Ha ha ha ha!"
Anais says: "Wow, he really cherry-picked what he wanted out of that sentence."
Adoption of Nicole.
Louie is outside with Nicole, who is near the laundry.
Louie says: "Hi, Nicole- I, I mean Mom."
Louie says: "Gosh, this is so weird."
Nicole says: "I know, let's just try and roll with it, sweetheart."
Nicole pats Louie on the head, only to wipe her hand off on her skirt after.
Louie says: "So, since I'm one of your children I guess I have to sign up for school again."
Louie says: "Here's the form."
Nicole says: "Let's just get this over with so we can go shudder somewhere else, separately."
Louie says: "Oh, hey, can I borrow this shirt?"
Nicole says: "Sure."
Louie says: "Thank you."
Louie takes a shirt from the hanging laundry, puts it on, and immediately rips it off.
Louie says: "Aha!"
Louie says: "Those adoption forms now make you my daughter!"
Louie says: "And if I'm not allowed to see Jojo, then I forbid you to see Richard!"
Louie says: "Boom!"
Louie says: "Ow, my hip disorder!"
Nicole says: "You're my dad now?"
Nicole says: "How does that work?"
The Watterson Family Tree.
Anais is showing her family the family tree.
Anais says: "It's simple."
Anais says: "Dad adopted Louie and Louie adopted Mom."
Anais says: "So Mom is married to her own grandfather, and he's not allowed to see her."
Anais says: "Which is why he's wearing a bag over his head."
Gumball says: "Wait, if Mom is now the daughter of our brother, Louie, does that mean she's our niece?"
Nicole says: "I guess I am, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Actually, it's Uncle Gumball, which makes me more powerful than you."
Gumball says: "So GO CLEAN MY ROOM!"
Nicole says: "Nieces don't traditionally clean their uncle's rooms, that's not a thing."
Gumball says: "It's not about tradition,  IT'S ABOUT POWER!"
Granny Jojo says: "Me."
Anais says: "Not really because you're also our brother Louie's fiancee."
Gumball says: "Which makes you half our sister-in-law."
Darwin says: "Which means the most powerful person in the family is Frankie Watterson."
Granny Jojo says: "Frankie Watterson's nothing but a conman and shyster!"
Richard says: "Don't talk about my father like that!"
Granny Jojo says: "What kind of father goes out for milk and stays gone for thirty-three years?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Richard says: "Well maybe he's still looking for the perfect carton of milk because he loves me more than your mother-stealing boyfriend!"
Louie says: "That's no way to talk about your son!"
Nicole says: "Well, if my new dad hadn't stopped me from seeing my husband, I could work things out with him!"
Nicole, Granny Jojo, and Louie are all attacking each other.
Darwin says: "Guys!"
Darwin says: "We have to do something!"
Darwin says: "I don't know who I am anymore, everyone is fighting, and it turns out sharing a room with a very old man isn't nearly as much fun as I thought it would be!"
Anais says: "You thought sharing a room with a very old man would be fun?"
Richard says: "You'll never be my dad!"
Richard says: "Frankie is my dad!"
Gumball says: "Never, Is, Can't, Your, Be?"
Anais says: "We find Frankie Watterson, get him to adopt Dad, and become his legal father again."
Anais says: "That way, Frankie will be the head of the family and we can get back to normal."
Gumball says: "I was getting there!"
Anais says: "No, you weren't."
The screen is going closer up and closer up to Frankie's space on the family tree.
Home for Frankie.
Cut to Frankie Watterson's first person perspective, where he is sitting on the sofa eating a bowl of brown mush while watching TV. Some repo men start taking stuff out of his house, including his TV and table.
Frankie says: "Oh, come on, guys, give me a break!"
Goblin says: "Should've paid the rent!"
Frankie says: "That TV isn't even worth twenty bucks!"
More repo men appear on screen taking more stuff, including the actual window, his food and the sofa.
Frankie says: "What are you going to do with the curtains and the window?"
Frankie says: "Come on."
Frankie says: "I hope you choke on that!"
Frankie says: "Fine, take the couch, I'll find some schmoe to fleece."
Frankie picks up a newspaper and looks through the classified section, where he finds an ad asking about his whereabouts.
Frankie says: "Hmm..."
Frankie says: "looking for the information on the whereabouts of Frankie Watterson."
Frankie says: "Your family needs you Frankie."
Frankie says: "Come home."
Frankie says: "Frankie..."
Frankie says: "home."
Frankie says: "Home for Frankie, home for Frankie- OH, COME ON!"
The repo men take the newspaper out of Frankie's hands, revealing that they literally took the entire house away from Frankie.
Frankie and Richard Reunite.
Frankie rings the doorbell to the Watterson home as Anais opens the door for him. The children gasp as the camera reveals Frankie's true appearance.
Frankie says: "Uh, hey."
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "What?"
Louie says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You're not a dad."
Darwin says: "Sorry, it's been a confusing day."
Anais says: "Dad, look who we found!"
Richard takes the paper bag off his head, sees his father and gasps.
Frankie says: "Son?"
They now start running to each other looking like they will hug but at the last moment Richard grabs Frankie's shirt.
Richard says: "How could you do this to me?"
Richard says: "Thirty-three years and you come back into my house without that carton of milk?"
Richard now starts sobbing uncontrollably as his father comforts him.
Frankie says: "Uh, good to see you too, Richard."
Granny Jojo says: "What are you doing here, you dirty rat?"
Gumball says: "We asked him to come to adopt Dad so he can become his father again."
Richard says: "Is it true?"
Richard says: "Do you want to be my dad again?"
Frankie says: "Yes, son."
Frankie says: "I'm here to make things right."
Frankie says: "Look, I brought a contract."
Frankie says: "Does anybody have a pen?"
Darwin hands Frankie a pen.
Frankie says: "Thanks!"
Frankie says: "Who- uh- whatever you are."
Darwin says: "Oh, I'm Nicole's uncle."
Darwin says: "But I used to be a pet."
Frankie says: "All you have to do is sign here, son."
Frankie says: "The yellow copy is for your records."
Richard says: "Awesome!"
Richard says: "We're a complete family again."
Richard says: "What's going on?"
Richard says: "Where's dad?"
Richard says: "Why is his shirt on the floor?"
Granny Jojo says: "Let me see that: these aren't adoption papers."
Granny Jojo says: ""I, Richard Watterson, hereby sign over the deeds to the house to the oldest Watterson."
Granny Jojo says: "" That's Frankie!"
Granny Jojo says: "He's gonna take the house!"
All fall to their knees and wail.
Anais says: "But if Louie marries Granny Jojo first and takes her name, he'll be the oldest Watterson!"
Gumball says: "Then he can give the house back to us!"
All says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "We need to get to the town hall now!"
Gumball says: "One more before we go?"
All says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "Okay, let's go."
Getting the House Back.
Car crashes in front of the Town Hall.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, you can't park here!"
Richard pushes the car away. The Wattersons are then seen inside Town Hall.
Nicole says: "Which line do we take for a marriage licence?"
Paper Woman says: "You need the line for people who don't know what line they need."
Gumball says: "We don't have time for that!"
Paper Woman says: "This is the kingdom of bureaucracy."
Paper Woman says: "Everything happens in its own time."
Paper Woman says: "Usually too late."
They all run to a line. Camera zooms in to Frankie and Gumball's faces. Cowboy exits the Wattersons' line and they move up.
Granny Jojo says: "You should be ashamed of yourself!"
Frankie says: "I'm sorry, Joanna, I'm desperate!"
Mr. Small leaves Frankie's line, and everyone moves up.
Darwin says: "But it's our home!"
Frankie says: "If they can buy one, they can buy another!"
Gary exits the Wattersons' line, everyone moves up.
Richard says: "How could you do this to your own son?"
Frankie says: "I'm sorry but that's how it-  is."
Nicole says: "Gumball, do something!"
Gumball hits Frankie.
Frankie says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "This is the kingdom of bureaucracy, everything happens in its own time."
Frankie's line moves, but he flails around and hits a rack of papers.
Nicole says: "We're here to get a marriage licence!"
Cupcake Man says: "Uh huh, one minute."
Nicole says: "Are you playing solitaire?"
Nicole says: "I can hear you watching cat videos."
Cupcake Man's computer than makes some "message delivered" noises.
Gumball says: "What the?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's the sound of Elmore Plus messenger!"
Cupcake Man says: "No, it's not."
Cupcake Man says: "Hashtag job for life."
Nicole smashes her head through the glass.
Nicole says: "Then hashtag make hashtag sure hashtag you HASHTAG STAY ALIVE TO *HASHTAG ENJOY IT!!!"
Cupcake Man says: "That's not how hashtags work."
Nicole hisses at him, and a Xenomorph-like inner jaw pops out of her mouth.
Cupcake Man says: "It's the line on the left, get this stamped."
Gumball says: "Wait, shouldn't we be running?"
Gumball says: "Ah, that's better."
They start running.
Richard says: "It's blocked!"
Nicole says: "This goes nowhere!"
Nicole says: "We're literally caught in a labyrinth of red tape!"
Gumball says: "This way!"
Starts running towards Frankie, but Frankie ties the red tape, causing them to stop.
Frankie says: "Sorry, guys, I don't have a choice."
Richard looks sadly at Frankie, causing him to flashback when he was just a kid and Frankie leaving him. Frankie looks at him.
Karen says: "Sir?"
Karen says: "Sir?"
Karen says: "Sir, are you in line?"
Frankie says: "No."
Frankie says: "Actually, I think I've been out of line my whole life."
Frankie says: "I, uh.."
Frankie says: "I can't do this."
Granny Jojo says: "He's having a moment of humanity..."
Granny Jojo says: "Quick, let's take advantage of his weakness!"
The Wattersons run up to Karen with the papers and set them down.
Richard says: "Stamp these!"
Karen says: "Congratulations, Mr."
Karen says: "and Mrs."
Karen says: "Watterson!"
Everyone starts cheering and Richard notices Frankie walking away.
Richard says: "I want you to sign this."
Frankie says: "Oh, you got a restraining order, huh?"
Richard says: "No,  adoption papers."
Richard says: "I want my dad back."
They both rip off their shirts.
Richard says: "We are family!"
Frankie says: "We are family!"
Richard says: "Nothing rhymes with family!"
Frankie says: "Nothing rhymes with family!"
All says: "We are family, nothing rhymes with family!"
Episode ends.