Gumball Needs More Attention.
Scene starts at the Wattersons' living room; Richard is flipping TV channels with the remote.
Richard says: "When's someone gonna invent a TV that flicks its own channels?"
Nicole comes home tired and collapses on the sofa.
Richard says: "Hey honey, how was work?"
Richard says: "Is dinner ready yet?"
Gumball enters the house.
Gumball says: "Hey, Mom, Dad, guess what?"
Gumball says: "I got a B plus in home-ec today!"
Gumball says: "Miss Simian said my soufflé was divine."
Richard says: "Yeah, yeah, that's very interesting."
Richard says: "Yeah, yeah."
Richard says: "I'm very proud of you son."
Gumball says: "I also crashed your car on the run from the police after I robbed a bank."
Richard says: "Uh huh, good for you."
Gumball whistles as he walks, falls over and pretends to injure his leg.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "My leg!"
Gumball says: "It's broken!"
Gumball says: "I probably need to get it cut off!"
Gumball says: "Ahaaa!"
Gumball says: "And yet nobody cares."
Gumball says: "WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO GET NOTICED IN THIS HOUSE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Richard, I think Gumball needs some attention."
Richard says: "Yeah, yeah."
Richard says: "We're all very proud of you, Nicole."
Nicole sighs and walks up the stairs; scene changes to Gumball's bedroom, Nicole appears behind the door, enters the room and sits next to the upset Gumball who proceeds to move away until he falls off the bed.
Gumball says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Listen honey, I'm sorry you've not been getting enough attention lately."
Nicole says: "I'm going to make it up to you starting tomorrow."
Gumball's Difficult Relationships.
The next day at school, the bell rings as Gumball approaches Penny with Darwin behind him.
Gumball says: "So, uh, Penny, wanna hang out after school?"
Gumball says: "I'll show you my cartwheel."
Darwin says: "I've seen it..."
Darwin says: "it's not as good as it sounds."
Penny says: "Sorry, Gumball."
Penny says: "It's the cheerleader tryouts tonight, I've been practicing all year for this."
Penny says: "Another time though."
Gumball says: "Okay, no problem."
Gumball says: "I love you Penny."
Penny says: "What!"
Penny says: "?"
Gumball says: "Wha, oh nothing."
Gumball says: "I just said I love peanuts."
Gumball says: "Yeah, peanuts..."
Gumball says: "th-they taste so good."
Penny says: "Gumball, I am a peanut."
Penny says: "That's like me saying I like to eat cats."
Penny says: "Maybe you should think twice about the things you say."
Gumball says: "But, I did think twice."
Penny says: "Well maybe you need to think three times."
Penny says: "Anyway, see you later."
Gumball says: "Oh, whatever."
Darwin says: "Maybe you need to talk with your mouth shut."
The locker suddenly opens, revealing Nicole scrunched inside.
Nicole says: "Is that really the way you talk to girls?"
Gumball says: "Mom, what are you doing here?"
Nicole says: "Well you said you wanted more attention, so I followed you to school."
Nicole says: "But by the looks of it you need more than attention; you need serious help, little man."
Nicole's Time at Elmore Junior High.
Nicole, Gumball and Darwin are walking along the hall, Darwin has a huge grin on his face.
Gumball says: "Aw Mom, if you're seriously going to follow us around all day, do you really need to hold my hand?"
Nicole says: "Yes."
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Mom's at school!"
Nicole says: "And it's not all day, it's all week."
Nicole says: "I took the night shift."
Gumball groans; Tina, Jamie, Banana Joe and Anton are laughing at Gumball.
Tina says: "Hey, Mom, need a diaper for that baby?"
They continue to laugh.
Gumball says: "Ooh, actually I am fully potty trained, so check your facts all right?"
Tina laughs.
Tina says: "You know you got 'em good when their voices go high."
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Nicole says: "Are you really going to take that?"
Darwin says: "She just owned you."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You got a better idea?"
Nicole says: "Well, first of all, drop an octave, then give her a taste of her own medicine."
Nicole says: "Try this."
Gumball says: "Uh, Tina?"
Gumball says: "I'd just like to say that maybe you only bully people because you're insecure about your walnut-sized brain and the fact that you smell like a sweaty butcher."
Banana Joe says: "Glandular."
The kids laugh.
Gumball says: "Wow, it actually worked!"
Jamie says: "Yeah, that was funny!"
Jamie says: "But good luck when Tina comes back and your mom's not around to hold your hand."
Nicole says: "Don't worry, Gummypuss!"
Nicole says: "I'll hold your hand until college, if I have to!"
Banana Joe says: "Gummypuss!"
Gumball says: "Aw Mom, stop embarrassing me!"
Runs away and bumps into Principal Brown, who was drinking coffee, and his face gets splashed with hot coffee.
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, it burns!"
Nigel Brown says: "My eyes!"
Nigel Brown says: "What was that?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I don't know!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Paint?"
Nigel Brown says: "AH!"
Nigel Brown says: "My hair!"
Nigel Brown says: "What was that?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, uh chlorine from the pool?"
Nigel Brown says: "DAAH!"
Nigel Brown says: "What was that?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, fertilizer?"
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, uh."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, I guess it's alright then."
Nigel Brown says: "But that's still two hours of detention, for potentially damaging my beautiful face!"
Nicole says: "Really, Principal Brown."
Nicole says: "You need to be firmer than that!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh okay."
Nigel Brown says: "Four hours detention!"
Nicole signals Principal Brown to increase the detention time.
Nigel Brown says: "Eight hours?"
Nicole approves with a thumbs up and a wink.
Nigel Brown says: "Hm, good."
Nigel Brown says: "See you in detention, Watterson."
Gumball says: "Mom, you're not helping."
Scene changes to the classroom where the Eggheads write a note, which is passed on by students; it eventually reaches Nicole.
Nicole says: "The nerds think you look like a dodeca-dork with your mom at school."
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Nicole says: "It's a twelve-sided dork, honey."
Darwin laughs awkwardly.
Gumball says: "Mom, you're not helping."
Scene changes to the boys' locker room where everyone stands in line, watching Nicole bathe Gumball.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "You're not helping!"
Scene changes to the cafeteria where everyone watches Nicole as she feeds Gumball.
Nicole says: "Who-Whooo!"
Nicole says: "Come on honey, open the tunnel for the choo-choo train."
Nicole shovels the food in his mouth; Gumball pushes her away.
Gumball says: "Enough!"
Gumball says: "The Tina thing was kind of helpful, but this has gone too far."
Nicole pats Gumball on the back and he burps.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "Now seriously, I need you to stop meddling with my life!"
Nicole says: "I'm not meddling, I'm helping."
Gumball says: "Helping by meddling!"
Gumball says: "You're just a big meddler."
Nicole says: "I'm not a meddler, I'm your mother."
Darwin says: "And a meddler."
Penny can be heard laughing off-screen.
Nicole says: "Hey, isn't that the girl you like?"
Gumball says: "Mom no!"
Nicole says: "Excuse me Penny, have you got a second?"
Penny says: "Sure, but you guys will need to be quick."
Penny says: "The cheerleader tryouts are about to start."
Gumball says: "Mom..."
Gumball says: "if you love me, please don't do this."
Nicole says: "Oh come on Gummypuss, don't be shy."
Nicole says: "My baby has something to say to you."
Gumball says: "No, I don't."
Nicole says: "He'd like to take you out on a date."
Gumball says: "That's not true."
Nicole says: "He loves you."
Penny says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "NO I DON'T."
Gumball says: "I DON'T LOVE PENNY AND I NEVER WILL!"
Penny drops her food tray in shock.
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Gumball says: "I meant I'll never love peanut- NO!"
Gumball says: "PONIES!"
Gumball says: "UH-  See what you did?"
Gumball says: "You upset Penny!"
Gumball says: "How am I suppose to get her back?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Well, you know I could help you with that."
Gumball says: "That's enough!"
Gumball says: "Okay?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's enough!"
Gumball says: "I'm my own man now!"
Nicole pats Gumball's back again and he burps.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "Now just go home okay?"
Nicole says: "Oh come on, we all had a great time!"
Nicole says: "Didn't we Darwin?"
Darwin says: "To be honest, I've never been so embarrassed in my entire life!"
Nicole says: "Why are you smiling then?"
Darwin says: "Well at first I was trying not to hurt your feelings, but now I'm just stuck!"
Gumball says: "I beg of you, just get out of my life."
Nicole says: "Okay, I guess I'll just go home then."
Scene changes to the outside of the school where Nicole sadly walks to her car. Suddenly her phone starts ringing and she picks up.
Gumball says: "MOM!"
Gumball says: "YOU'VE GOTTA COME BACK!"
Gumball says: "I MADE MY OWN DECISION!"
Gumball says: "IT WAS A BAD ONE!"
Gumball says: "A REALLY, REALLY, BAD ONE!"
Nicole starts running back into the school.
Bad Decisions.
Scene changes to the school hall where Darwin is massaging his face.
Darwin says: "Oh, thank goodness she's gone!"
Darwin says: "I'll never smile again!"
Nicole says: "Darwin!"
Darwin sees her and starts grinning again.
Darwin says: "Mom, you're back!"
Darwin says: "Yay."
Nicole says: "Do you know where your brother is?"
Darwin says: "In the changing room!"
Nicole says: "Thanks!"
Darwin continues to grin in pain and tears started coming out of his eyes. Scene changes to outside the changing room where Nicole bangs at the door.
Nicole says: "Gumball?"
Nicole says: "It's me."
Nicole says: "Open the door."
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "NO I WON'T!"
Nicole says: "What happened?"
Gumball says: "Oh it's awful!"
Gumball says: "I made a decision on my own and it was bad!"
Nicole says: "Listen, whatever it is you've done, you need to come out and face it."
Gumball says: "Alright.."
Gumball says: "Alright.."
Gumball says: "I'm coming out."
Door opened and shows Gumball sadly walking out of the changing room in a cheerleader dress and carrying pom-poms.
Nicole says: "Oh, you were gonna try and get closer to Penny by joining her cheer team, but now you feel embarrassed because you have to wear a skirt."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna beat Penny at her own game so she'll realize how awesome and manly I am!"
Gumball says: "Then she'll definitely wanna date me!"
Nicole says: "Right."
Nicole says: "So, what's the problem?"
Gumball says: "The problem is me!"
Gumball says: "What if I'm not good as the other girls?"
Gumball says: "What if they laugh at me?"
Gumball says: "And this leotard makes me look fat, so I put this skirt on to hide my butt."
Nicole says: "What exactly do you want me to do, honey?"
Gumball says: "Err, hello?"
Gumball says: "Be there of course?"
Gumball says: "I need emotional support?"
Gumball says: "You're my mom?"
Gumball says: "Start acting like it?"
Nicole says: "Okay lets go."
Cheerleader Audition.
Scene changes to the school gym where the cheerleader audition is held. Penny is performing in front of Mr. Small and Principal Brown, who are the judges. They monitored her performs. Penny then balanced herself to end her performance, then shows a sad face after the judges disapproved her performance.
Nigel Brown says: "Now, Penny, I have to say I'm a little disappointed."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Is there anything you'd like to add, Principal Brown?"
Nigel Brown says: "Only that we're making cuts today, and after that performance someone's gonna have to be pretty bad enough for it to be you."
Gumball slams open the gym door.
Gumball says: "Am I too late?"
The girls at the chairs start staring at him while Gumball fiercely walk towards the judges. Gumball then points to Nicole using his pom-poms and Nicole plays the music on Juke. Gumball then begins to perform. He then accidentally kicks his shoe onto Carmen. Nicole then facepalmed herself. Gumball continues to perform while his skirt starts to fall off. He then picks it up. He then starts to do The Cartwheel, but fails. He then poses again. Mr. Small then shows a drawing of a big question mark to Principal Brown. Principal Brown then shows a gesture that he's not sure what's going on. Gumball then starts jumping around, but eventually sprains his ankle.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball then looked around and then looked at Nicole, mentally asking for support.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Nicole gives him a thumbs up. Gumball regains his confidence and the music gets louder. Gumball performs again. This time, he made a successful Cartwheel. However, the judges and the girls are disgusted as his skirt starts to show off his butt. Nicole starts to get shocked. Gumball then ends his performance with a split. The judges stare at him.
Nigel Brown says: "Well, it's a no for me, Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Small."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "It's a no for me too."
Nigel Brown says: "That's two nos, Gumball."
Nigel Brown says: "You're going home."
Gumball says: "NOOOO!"
Gumball says: "MOM!"
Gumball says: "MAKE THEM RECOUNT THE SCORE!"
Gumball says: "MAKE THEM RECOUNT THE SCORE!"
Gumball then reaches out to Nicole and Nicole picks him up.
Nicole says: "Well,  Zero plus zero equals zero, honey!"
Gumball says: "Why is the world."
Gumball says: "SO."
Gumball says: "CRUEL?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Don't worry, you'll do better next time!"
Nicole says: "After a couple of years intense training."
Penny says: "-you do like me."
Penny says: "Just a little?"
Gumball says: "Peanuts..."
Gumball says: "ponies..."
Nicole says: "I think that means yes."
Penny smiles as Nicole carries Gumball out of the gym.
Gumball says: "Mom, you know when I said I wanted, to be my own man and, make my own decisions?"
Nicole says: "Yes?"
Scene changes to the school hall where Darwin massages his face again. When Nicole and Gumball show up once more, he starts grinning again.
Gumball says: "Can it just wait for a few years?"
Nicole says: "The longer the better, honey!"
Nicole says: "Even when you're eighty you'll still be my Gummypuss!"
Camera then zooms to Darwin's grinning face. After awhile, his head explodes.
Episode ends.