Elmore News.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin as they sit on their couch, flicking through the channels for entertainment.
Announcer says: "Thumb Wrestling Federatio—"
Announcer says: "!"
Gumball says: "Seen it."
Darwin says: "Seen it."
Announcer says: "Señor Tony—"
Gumball says: "Seen it."
Darwin says: "Seen it."
Announcer says: "You asked for it—"
Gumball says: "Seen it."
Darwin says: "Seen it."
Gumball says: "Hate it."
Darwin says: "Hate it."
Narrator says: "All good things—"
Gumball says: "Seen it."
Darwin says: "Seen it."
Music plays.
Gumball says: "Seen it."
Darwin says: "Seen it."
Announcer says: "And now with all the latest developments live, it's Elmore News!"
Gumball says: "Eh."
Darwin says: "Eh."
[A very prolonged intro of Elmore News plays says: ""NEWS," "CHANNEL," "6," "ELMORE NEWS," "ELMORE," "6 LIVE," "6 NEWS," "NEWS CHANNEL 6," "NEWS," "ELMORE," "CHANNEL 6 ELMORE NEWS."
with the following sequence of texts says: ""NEWS," "CHANNEL," "6," "ELMORE NEWS," "ELMORE," "6 LIVE," "6 NEWS," "NEWS CHANNEL 6," "NEWS," "ELMORE," "CHANNEL 6 ELMORE NEWS."
[A very prolonged intro of Elmore News plays says: "" The intro is revealed to be so excessively long that after the theme music is heard, a loop of the same section of the music plays several times."
with the following sequence of texts says: "" The intro is revealed to be so excessively long that after the theme music is heard, a loop of the same section of the music plays several times."
[A very prolonged intro of Elmore News plays says: "After the intro, the scene transitions to Kip Schlezinger—"
with the following sequence of texts says: "After the intro, the scene transitions to Kip Schlezinger—"
[A very prolonged intro of Elmore News plays says: "now a man made of newspaper—"
with the following sequence of texts says: "now a man made of newspaper—"
Kip Schlezinger says: "Good evening."
Kip Schlezinger says: "I'm Kip Schlezinger, and this is Elmore News."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Dramatic events today in downtown Elmore as police sent their finest officers to tackle a robbery which took place in broad daylight."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Further proof that our town is no longer safe for anyone,  Anywho, our reporters are on the scene to keep up to date with the latest developments."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Mike."
Joyful Burger Robbery.
Mike says: "Yes, Kip."
Mike says: "Elmore police received an anonymous call at around one p."
Mike says: "m."
Mike says: "reporting a robbery here at Joyful Burger."
Mike says: "The police responded with a low-key operation, handling the situation with sensitivity and minimal force."
Ironically, Joyful Burger is surrounded with police cars, officers, and helicopters.
Mike says: "The suspects have not yet been identified, but, uh..."
The police officers suddenly run to their cars.
Mike says: "One moment, Kip."
Mike says: "There seems to be a development."
The police travel around the block, in which Joyful Burger is located in, and go to the drive-through.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Mike, can you give us any more information on what's happening there?"
Mike says: "Uh, it's not entirely clear, but they appear to be conducting interviews."
Donut Sheriff says: "Can we get two milkshakes, two Cronuts, two family buckets..."
Mike says: "Uh, uh, over to you, Kip."
Donut Sheriff says: "..."
Donut Sheriff says: "two triple burgers with bacon..."
House Fire!
The scene transitions back to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Kip Shledebergerzinger here."
Kip Schlezinger says: "In other developments, a house fire has broken out in an Elmore suburb."
Kip Schlezinger says: "We go live now to the scene of the blaze."
Scene transitions to Mike, running in to report the scene of the fire. In the background, the Wattersons' house is in flames.
Mike says: "The fire started this morning."
Mike says: "Firefighters have been at the scene for over an hour and are still struggling to control the blaze."
Voice says: "Send in the marshmallows!"
Marshmallow says: "Oh no!"
Marshmallow says: "It's okay, keep going."
Marshmallow says: "Ohh, no!"
Marshmallow says: "Don't give up—"
Marshmallow says: "Aah!"
Mike says: "These children escaped the blaze."
Mike says: "Tell us, how did the fire start?"
Gumball says: "I saw a spider."
Mike says: "Fair enough."
Mike says: "Kip, back to you."
More About the Joyful Burger Robbery.
Scene switches back to Kip, who is attempting to shoo away a fly.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Kip Sherlezingabinger here, and we have some new developments on the Joyful Burger robbery."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Over to our eye in the sky."
Mike, with a ladder leading up to a helicopter, is still on the house fire scene and reluctantly climbs up, entering the helicopter.
Mike says: "It appears the police are still in pursuit of the suspects."
Doughnut Sheriff is shown racing through the streets.
Mike says: "With Elmore's finest hot on their heels, we expect they'll soon be brought to justice."
Doughnut Sheriff struggles to reach for his coffee, loses control of his car, and hits a bus. He then gets out of his car and decides to run.
Mike says: "As you can see below, the police are continuing their hunt, despite some members of the public obstructing their path."
Scene switches back to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Thanks, Mike."
Kip Schlezinger says: "And, uh, what is happening down on the ground?"
Scene switches back to the ground; Mike screams as he falls from the helicopter. Doughnut Sheriff runs past, still chasing the supposed victim.
Mike says: "Well, Kip, the chase continues on foot."
Doughnut Sheriff falls to his knees.
Mike says: "And knees."
Doughnut Sheriff rests on his hands.
Mike says: "And hands."
Interview with Al Paca.
Scene transitions back to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Kip Shwaaaalalalalaburger here."
Kip Schlezinger says: "More on that police chase later."
Kip Schlezinger says: "But now to our overseas correspondent Al Paca, reporting from the G-8 summit."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Al, what important issues were raised today at the summit?"
Al Paca, evidently a human, bleats.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Uh-huh?"
Kip Schlezinger says: "And what did the president have to say on the issue?"
Al Paca bleats.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Hmm."
Kip Schlezinger says: "And what are the global implications of that?"
Al Paca bleats.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Thanks, Al."
Al Paca bleats.
Kip Schlezinger says: "And now we go live to Hale County, Texas, where a farmer has won a prize for Best Livestock at the county fair."
Al Paca is revealed to be a man owned by the farmer.
Farmer says: "I, uh, think you boys might have got a couple things mixed up here."
Even More About the Joyful Burger Robbery.
Scene transitions back to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "I'm sorry."
Kip Schlezinger says: "We're gonna have to leave that story there."
Kip Schlezinger says: "We have some shocking new developments in the Joyful Burger robbery."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Mike."
Scene switches to Mike, who returns to Joyful Burger and catches his breath.
Mike says: "Yes, Kip."
Mike says: "The police have called off the search after realizing the individual who reported the theft was an unusually rotund pink rabbit  who dropped a french fry, which was carried away by some ants."
Mike says: "Here's an artist's impression of the incident."
A drawing of some ants carrying a french fry is shown on the screen.
Mike says: "Kip, back to you."
The Big Question.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Now it is time for..."
Kip Schlezinger says: "the Big Question!"
An introductory clip plays.
Kip Schlezinger says: "And today we're joined by the dean of Elmore University's science faculty."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Professor, thanks for joining us."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Now, after vaccinations, electric cars, and the dark magic behind Wi-Fi, I guess the big question is: should we be scared of science?"
Professor says: "No."
Kip Schlezinger says: "More questions than answers there."
Kip Schlezinger says: "The debate rages on."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Be sure to tune in this time tomorrow for our next big question—"
Kip Schlezinger says: "Oxygen: Friend or Foe?"
Kip Schlezinger says: "In other news, the town of Elmore is about to be hit by a waste disposal strike."
Waste Disposal Strike.
Scene transitions to Mike, as he is interviewing the toilets.
Toilet says: "I just—"
Toilet says: "I think we've all had enough, you know?"
Toilet says: "But we can't complain about it because our voices are completely drowned out."
Toilet says: "The job can be suffocating, yeah."
Toilet says: "I've—"
Toilet says: "I've seen a lot."
Toilet says: "I've seen a whole lot."
Toilet says: "I've been working on the executive floor for twenty years, and all I got for Secret Santa was food poisoning."
Toilet says: "Yeah, the way we've been treated leaves a bad taste in my mouth."
Toilet says: "I've been promised a dental plan for over a decade."
Mike says: "The toilet seats of Elmore are expected to hold a protest march here in front of the Town Hall within the next few minutes."
Mike says: "I've just been informed that it will now be a sit-in."
Mike says: "Kip, back to you."
Daisy the Donkey Meltdown.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Thanks, Mike."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Celebrity news now, and the beloved children's entertainer Daisy the Donkey has suffered what can only be described as an on-set meltdown."
The "Daisy the Donkey Show" plays.
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Good morning, little children!"
Children says: "Good morning, Daisy!"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Welcome to "Daisy the Donkey Show"!"
Children cheer.
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Today I've got a special surpr—"
Sally the Snake says: "Hi, kids-s-s-s!"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "I can't believe this."
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Did you read the script?"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "You're supposed to come in after my line!"
Sally the Snake says: "Sorry, man."
Sally the Snake says: "I was just improvising."
Sally the Snake says: "You know, winging it."
Sally the Snake says: "So kids, is everybody s—"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Okay, okay, okay, okay!"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "First off, you don't call me "man."
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "" You call me Miss Daisy."
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "And secondly, you stick to the darn script!"
Sally the Snake says: "Dude, we're live."
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "I don't care if we're live!"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "You're an amateur surfing on my wave!"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "And right now, you're ruining my show!"
Sally the Snake says: "Hey."
Sally the Snake says: "Did you just push me?"
Daisy the Donkey​​​ says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Sally the Snake says: "'Cause I'll push you right back!"
The two wrestle each other with their mouths; their quarrel causes the puppeteer to fall, leaving the crew to have unexpected problems.
Sally the Snake says: "Ow!"
Sally the Snake says: "My eyes-s-s-s!"
Man says: "Okay, go to commercial."
Man says: "Go to commercial!"
Man says: "Okay, go to card!"
Man says: "Now, please, now!"
A card of a face wearing a "dead" expression is shown; the show ends. As Kip explains the aftermath, footage is shown of the puppeteer using Daisy to pick up trash in a park.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Miss Donkey, whose real name is Antoine Perez, has been sentenced to two weeks community service."
Kip Schlezinger says: "And now we have some good news and some bad news."
Kip Schlezinger says: "The bad news is that stock markets have fallen, but the good news is that these graphs will tell you all about it in a form of a song."
About to get sad.
Don't be glad, glad, glad.
We should be mad.
We're going down, down, down.
We're all gonna drown.
We'll all be poor, poor, poor.
But wait, here's some more.
We're all in debt, debt, debt.
And you can bet.
It will get worse, worse, worse.
Yes, we're all cursed.
We are all broke, broke, broke.
And it's such a joke.
And no one can cope.
We are all doomed, doomed, doomed.
Nothing's improved.
Don't even try.
Just give up and cryyyyyyyyy.
All of the graphs collapse into a pile which spontaneously combusts.
Nothing.
Scene transitions to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Coming up next, we have nothing."
Kip Schlezinger says: "We didn't have enough news to cover the whole show tonight, so I'm going to say absolutely nothing in the cadence of a news story, and I hope I'll get away with it."
Kip Schlezinger says: "As I said a moment ago, this is all filler."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Let's go live now to our reporter at the scene and hope that he comes up with something better."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Mike."
Scene transitions to Mike.
Mike says: "Sir, what do you think about it?"
Gary says: "What do I think of what?"
Gary says: "You—"
Gary says: "You haven't asked me anything."
Mike says: "And you, sir, any thoughts?"
Banana Joe says nothing; Mike then interviews the street.
Mike says: "I was really hoping that would take longer, but since it didn't, we will keep on wasting your precious time on Earth by re-explaining nothing over some random footage of the general public walking."
Said footage of Elmore residents walking is then shown while Mike narrates.
Mike says: "No one really listens to this part of the news anyway, so we should be okay."
Mike says: "News, news, news, news."
Mike says: "Blah, blah, blah, blah."
Mike says: "Filler, filler, filler."
Mike says: "Which leads us to the most important question: what was the point of all that?"
The camera turns to face the sky; scene transitions to Kip.
Kip Schlezinger says: "What was the point, indeed."
Kip Schlezinger says: "And now over to Barry for the sports news."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Barry."
Sports.
Barry says: "Spo-o-o-o-rts!"
Barry says: "Sports, sports, sports, sports!"
Barry says: "Spo-o-o-o-rts!"
Barry says: "Sport."
Barry says: "Sport."
Barry says: "Sports."
Barry says: "Sports."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Um, thank you, Barry."
Barry says: "Spo-o-o-o-r—"
Scene transitions to Kip.
Weather.
Kip Schlezinger says: "And now for the weather."
The weather intro plays. Phil the weatherman appears. He is entirely green except for minor features such as his tie and hair.
Phil says: "Thank you, Kip."
Phil says: "I'm sorry, Kip, is something funny?"
Kip Schlezinger says: "Uh, no, uh, please continue."
Phil's face is in front of a fire hydrant, shooting out water.
Phil says: "Moving on to tonight and we'll see—"
Phil says: "Agh, are you making fun of me?"
Phil appears in front of a hanging dog's buttocks.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Of course not."
Kip Schlezinger says: "I wouldn't want to make you feel like the butt of the joke."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Well, I, uh, guess it'll be overcast tomorrow."
Kip Schlezinger says: "My name is Kip Sherlabulabudalagaberwagalaladingdong, and that was the eight o'clock news."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Good night."
The music which terminates the program plays, as Kip is organizing his papers. The makeup artist persists to put makeup on his face, making Kip struggle to hinder its action.
Kip Schlezinger says: "Ah, what are you doing?"
Kip Schlezinger says: "Just- leave it already!"
Kip Schlezinger says: "Ah, just—"
Kip Schlezinger says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Kip Schlezinger says: "!"
The news program ends, and therefore the episode ends.