In the Principal's Office.
The school bell rings. Anais and Jamie are sitting in Principal Brown's office.
Anais says: "What are we doing here?"
Jamie says: "Could be anything for me."
Jamie says: "Everything I do is wrong according to Brown."
Jamie says: "The way I played tag on the playground two months ago?"
[Flashback to said event says: "Billy is crying because Jamie wrote on him with a marker."
[Flashback to said event says: "Brown glares at her."
Jamie says: "The boxing gloves I bought for show and tell two weeks ago?"
Jamie says: "Guess they wanted me to tell..."
Jamie says: "The way I divided by two in my maths test yesterday?"
In the flashback, Jamie karate chops her table in half. End flashback.
Jamie says: "And he'll probably be angry about how I interpreted his poster thirty seconds ago."
Anais says: ""Set your life on fire."
Anais says: "Seek those who fan your flames"?"
The office is on fire. Anais screams and frantically tries to put it out.
Jamie says: "What about you, nerd?"
Jamie says: "Why are you here?"
Principal Brown bursts in.
Nigel Brown says: "I'll tell you why you're here."
Nigel Brown says: "All the school's politically correct equipment has caught the flu because someone in the library used their eyebrows to watch an illegal river!"
Jamie says: "..."
Jamie says: "Wha?"
Anais says: "I think he means all the school's PCs have caught a virus because someone in the library used their browser to watch an illegal stream."
Nigel Brown says: "You were the last two in the library."
Nigel Brown says: "I will give you one chance to fix it, or one of you will have to pay."
Anais says: "Um, okay."
Anais says: "Maybe it's a motherboard problem."
Nigel Brown says: "Very well."
Nigel Brown says: "Ha!"
Nigel Brown says: "It's bingo night, and mother loves it, so she's not bored at all."
Anais is confused.
Nigel Brown says: "Someone has to pay for this."
Nigel Brown says: "Anais, Jamie, you know what to do."
Jamie smashes the chair she was sitting on, and prepares to hit Anais with it.
Nigel Brown says: "Right, right, right!"
Nigel Brown says: "I guess you don't."
Nigel Brown says: "I meant, one of you needs to fess up to this before the end of today, or both of you will get expelled."
Anais and Jamie exit the office.
Anais says: "Thank goodness you didn't stick around to hear that."
Anais says: "It's like my brain got emotional food poisoning and the nearest exit was my mouth."
Investigation.
Anais says: "Okay, just to be sure, it definitely wasn't you who did it, right?"
Anais says: "Maybe you should check your mailbox and make sure you didn't click some weird attachment."
Jamie says: "Okay, I'll check."
Jamie walks a long distance back to her house, and checks her mailbox, which is empty. She closes it, and returns to the library.
Jamie says: "Nope."
Jamie says: "Nothing there."
Anais says: "Did you..."
Anais says: "Did you just go home?"
Jamie says: "Well, duh."
Jamie says: "How else do you check your mail?"
Anais says: "Okay..."
Anais says: "I guess it's safe to assume it wasn't you who downloaded the virus."
Jamie says: "And it obviously wasn't you, either."
Anais says: "Yeah, I'm way too techie to make that kind of noob mistake."
Jamie says: "No, 'cause you're incapable of doing anything bad."
Anais is offended.
Anais says: "Oh, you want bad?"
Anais says: "I'll give you bad."
Jamie says: "Eh, show me what you got."
Anais says: "I'm gonna kick your butt!"
Jamie says: "Mm."
Anais says: "With my face!"
Jamie says: "What?"
Anais says: "I'm gonna feed you a finger burger!"
Jamie says: "It's "knuckle sandwich."
Anais says: "I'm gonna manicure that sandwich!"
Anais says: "That's right."
Anais says: "I'm gonna go medieval on your butt!"
Anais says: "I'll build, like, a castle on it with a moat and hang tapestries inside and invite minstrels and jugglers, and we'll eat meat with our hands!"
Jamie says: "That's just plain weird."
Anais says: "I'm gonna wax your blowhole!"
Jamie says: "All right, all right."
Jamie says: "You definitely didn't do it."
Anais says: "I'm gonna toot your flute!"
Cut to a different part of the library. One of the computers there sneezes. Anais checks the temperature of one of them.
Anais says: "It's burning up."
Anais says: "It's definitely a virus, look at the desktop!"
Jamie takes this literally and looks at the desk top.
Anais says: "I meant on the screen."
The screen is melting.
Jamie says: "Yeah, I know!"
Jamie says: "What do you take me for, some kind of slack-jawed yodel?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Anais says: "I think you meant "yokel," unless you meant..."
Jamie says: "What?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Jamie says: "You're saying you're intelligenter than me?"
Anais says: "Jamie, I would never say that!"
Anais says: "Because it's not a word."
Jamie, who has had enough of Anais' taunting, grabs her.
Jamie says: "Bah!"
Anais says: "I'm beginning to reconsider our potential friendship!"
Jamie says: "And I'm beginning to reconsider the angle of your nose!"
Jamie says: "Wait."
Jamie says: "There's a camera!"
Anais says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Jamie says: "Uh, it means..."
Anais says: "The culprit must've been caught on tape."
Anais says: "Yes!"
Jamie says: "..."
Jamie says: "the culprit..."
Jamie says: "must have been..."
Anais says: "Yes, caught on tape."
Jamie says: "..."
Jamie says: "caught on..."
Anais sighs.
Anais and Jamie are back at the principal's office. Anais views the tape footage.
Anais says: "Okay, here we go."
Anais says: "This is around the time the computers got infected."
Suddenly, the tape stops.
Anais says: "What the?"
Anais says: "No, no, no, no, no, no."
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "It's been erased!"
Anais says: "What are we gonna do?"
Jamie says: "Let me try my way!"
Jamie prepares to punch the TV.
Anais says: "No, no, don't!"
Jamie says: "Pfft, I'm not gonna punch a TV."
Jamie says: "I've got a little more sense than that."
Anais says: "Oh."
Anais says: "What are you gonna do, then?"
Jamie says: "Threaten it!"
Jamie does so, and the tape footage returns; Bobert is shown near the computers. He looks around before noticing the camera. Upon noticing it, he runs away.
Anais says: "Bobert was there!"
Anais says: "Jamie, the picture didn't come back on because you threatened the TV."
Anais says: "Bobert just erased the part that showed he was involved."
Jamie says: "Ha."
Jamie says: "Keep telling yourself that."
Jamie runs back inside and threatens the TV again, causing it to turn off. Anais is surprised.
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "Oh."
Anais says: "Huh?"
School bell rings. At the courtyard, Anais and Jamie are interrogating Bobert, who is infected.
Bobert says: "I d-d-didn't do it."
Anais says: "We saw you coming out from under the desk!"
Bobert says: "It was not m-m-me."
Anais says: "Really?"
Anais says: "'Cause you look pretty infected to me."
Bobert says: "I feel a-absolutely f-f-fine."
Anais says: "Then, how do you explain your little wardrobe malfunction?"
The cover of Bobert's bottom slides down, and up.
Bobert says: "This could n-not get any more embarrassing."
Bobert says: "I admit I was in the libr-br-brary, but I was not the one who con-con-con-contaminated the computers."
Bobert says: "They contaminated me."
Anais says: "Really?"
Anais says: "How?"
Bobert says: "That is t-too intrusive a question."
Jamie says: "More intrusive than the surgical operation to remove my foot from your backside?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Bobert says: "Comparatively not."
Bobert says: "I-I-I was practicing my kissing on one of the computers' USB ports."
Anais says: "Well, if it wasn't you, who did it?"
Bobert says: "There was only one other person w-when you left."
Jamie says: "An English dictionary!"
Jamie says: "This can only mean one thing."
Jamie says: "This book must belong to either someone who speaks English, or someone who doesn't, and wants to learn."
Anais says: "Great!"
Anais says: "That reduces our search to the whole of planet Earth, Jamie!"
Anais says: "Now, open it."
Anais says: "There might be some clues inside!"
Jamie says: "Well, it looks like this belongs to a certain Mr."
Jamie says: "Acknowledgements."
Anais says: "Check the last name at the end."
Jamie says: ""I, I, I-I-I-I, I-I-I-I."
Anais says: "That's the barcode."
Anais says: "Give me that!"
Anais says: ""Give up..."
Anais says: "or else"?"
Dramatic sounder plays as Anais and Jamie have a realization.
Jamie says: "Or else what?"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "Let's just go check in the library."
Back to the Library.
Anais and Jamie are back in the library. They walk to the Tree Librarian's post.
Tree Librarian says: "Shh!"
Tree Librarian says: "Shhhhh!"
Tree Librarian says: "Shhhhhhh!"
Tree Librarian says: "Hmm?"
Tree Librarian says: "All right, all right, I'll tell you everything that happened!"
Jamie says: "What was that?"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "time."
Anais says: "Sorry, I thought I was gonna sneeze."
Jamie says: "Recognize the handwriting?"
Anais says: "Genius!"
Anais says: "It's the same handwriting as the note written in the dictionary!"
Jamie says: "It's the same handwriting as the note written in the dictionary!"
Anais says: "You just busted our perp."
Anais says: "That was some pretty impressive work right there, Detective Russo!"
Jamie says: "I know, right?"
Jamie says: "Who would've thought a brute like me could be this couth?"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "What's that now?"
Jamie says: "Couth."
Anais says: "Okay, that's not really a word."
Jamie says: "Yeah, it is."
Jamie says: "It's the opposite of uncouth."
Anais says: "No, no, no."
Anais says: "Uncouth doesn't have an opposite."
Anais says: "Like "nonsensical."
Jamie says: "Oh, I get it."
Jamie says: "Yeah, that's sensical."
Anais says: "Uh..."
Suddenly, the Tree Librarian wakes up again, startling the two!
Tree Librarian says: "Over my dead body!!"
Jamie says: "What?"
Tree Librarian says: "Oh, hold on."
Tree Librarian says: "Did you get to the part where you're going to reveal everything to Principal Brown?"
Anais says: "No, but I think we might as well."
Tree Librarian says: "Over my dead body!!"
The Tree Librarian lifts her desk up, causing the two to scream; they run off. In a different part of the library, the librarian throws her desk at them. The librarian steadily advances towards them.
Jamie says: "I know!"
Jamie says: "Let's throw some heavy reading at her!"
Jamie proceeds to throw books at the librarian, but she is unfazed. She continues to advance towards them.
Jamie says: "It's not working!"
Anais says: "Because this is the celebrity-memoir section!"
Anais says: "We're gonna need something with a bit more substance."
The duo run off to a different section of the library.
Anais says: "Here, the classics!"
Anais says: "This is some powerful literature!"
The duo enter the classics section. Jamie prepares to throw a book.
Anais says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "Their real power lies inside."
Anais says: "Ha!"
Cannonballs shoot out of the book Anais is holding. They are headed towards the librarian, but she dodges it.
The librarian spots a "Robin Hood" book near her, and she opens it. A barrage of arrows now rain down on the duo, but they duck against the nearby book trolley.
Anais picks up "Dante's Inferno", and opens it, unleashing a fire, once again headed towards the librarian! She dodges it, and the fire instead hits the bookshelf behind her.
The librarian notices "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea", and gets up as the fire dissipates. She opens the book, and a tidal wave of water hits the duo!
Tree Librarian says: "Two can play at that game!"
Jamie says: "Get a load of this!"
Voiceover says: "You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how."
Jamie says: "..."
Jamie says: "the title made it sound more awesome than that."
Anais says: "Jamie!"
Anais says: "Try "Moby Dick"!"
Jamie opens "Moby Dick" and a giant whale comes out of it, knocking the librarian back!
However, the librarian notices "The Three Musketeers". Just as Anais gets up, the librarian is already on the offensive, using three swords which come out of the book. She forces the duo into full retreat, eventually cornering them.
Jamie says: ""For Whom the Bell Tolls"!"
Anais says: "Oh, nice quip."
Jamie says: "No, that's the title of the book."
Anais says: "No, wait!"
[An explosion inside the library blows its doors away. The duo coughs says: "the Tree Librarian has cornered them."
the two look up says: "the Tree Librarian has cornered them."
Jamie says: "She's got us cornered!"
Tree Librarian says: "You will perish here!"
Tree Librarian says: "No one will ever find you in the Greek philosophy aisle!"
Anais says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "Why are you doing all this?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "Uh."
The duo reads the note the Librarian shows them, Jamie getting stuck after a few seconds.
Anais says: "Oh."
There is no response from Jamie.
Anais says: "Do you want me to just read..."
Jamie does a "no" gesture.
Anais says: "She destroyed the computers because they were making her job redundant!"
Jamie says: "Oh!"
Jamie says: "So without them, her job remains dundant!"
Anais says: "Well, we won't go down without a fight!"
Tree Librarian says: "These books are literary heavyweights!"
Anais throws a book at her. Anais pants.
Jamie says: "Wow!"
Jamie says: "I can't believe you could lift that."
Anais says: "Eh, it was only the study guide."
Case Solved.
Anais and Jamie walk out of the principal's office.
Jamie says: "Well, that's it!"
Jamie says: "We're off the hook."
Anais says: "It's lucky she literally wrote down her confession."
Anais says: "And even if all she had to do is pay for the damaged computers, on a librarian's salary, it will still take, what, forty thousand years?"
Anais says: "I guess this makes us buddies, right?"
Jamie says: "No."
Jamie says: "It makes us friends."
[Anais is overjoyed says: "she gasps, and a halo goes around her head, all while angelic music plays."
[Anais is overjoyed says: "The duo then walk down the hallway."
Jamie says: "Uh, friends don't hold hands."
Anais says: "Oh, sorry."
Jamie says: "Just play it cool."
Jamie says: "Not that cool."
Anais says: "Right, right."
Episode ends.