What Is My Name?
The episode begins with Gumball playing a video game at Funland. He starts panicking and eats himself up. Darwin pulls him up and attempts to comfort him.
Darwin says: "Dude, chill out."
Darwin says: "It's only a game!"
Gumball says: "You don't understand, man."
Gumball says: "I've never got this far before."
Gumball says: "Look how much I'm sweating."
Darwin says: "Stop it!"
Darwin says: "You'll electrocute yourself!"
Darwin attempts to plug Gumball's armpits, but the sweat flow moves to other parts of his body. Darwin then plugs his nostrils and ears, with the sweating eventually stopping at his nipples.
Game says: "Round complete!"
Game says: "Ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Gumball says: "Argh, I can't beat the final boss, man!"
Gumball says: "I'm weak."
Darwin says: "You're not weak."
Darwin says: "You just lack upper-body strength, lower-body strength, and mental strength!"
Gumball says: "Slap me."
Gumball says: "That was exactly right."
Darwin says: "Come on."
Darwin says: "You can win this by the power of… button mashing!"
Gumball hits all the buttons repeatedly very fast, making him beat the boss easily.
Game says: "You win!"
Gumball says: "Dude, what's the point in learning all these combos if all you need is button mashing?"
Darwin says: "Who cares?"
Darwin says: "Top score!"
Gumball says: "Aw, man."
Gumball says: "it's only three letters in the top score."
Gumball says: "Mm, what do I go with—"
Gumball says: ""GUM" or "BAL"?"
Darwin says: "Maybe go with the least dumb-sounding."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "Let's go with "BAL."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "Wait."
Darwin says: "Why don't you use your real name instead of your nickname?"
Gumball says: "Great idea!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "What is it?"
Darwin says: "What do you mean, "what is it"?"
Darwin says: "What kind of guy doesn't know his own name?"
Gumball says: "You don't know it either, do you?"
Darwin says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "Then this shall be my quest."
Gumball says: "I will find out that name."
Gumball says: "I will stop at nothing!"
Gumball says: "I will leave no stone unturned!"
Gumball says: "I will climb the highest mountain, explore every island, search every cave!"
Gumball and Darwin walk out of the arcade.
Gumball says: "I will question every man, woman and animal!"
Gumball says: "Fight a bear if I have to!"
Gumball says: "I'll wear jorts!"
Gumball says: "I'll milk a fish!"
Gumball says: "I'll shave a baby!"
Darwin says: "Climb a rainbow!"
Gumball says: "Nnno, that would be ridiculous."
Gumball says: "But I will lick an owl!"
Gumball says: "I will wrestle a senior citizen in jello!"
Watterson house, the family is sitting at the table while Gumball is still speaking.
Gumball says: "I'll kick a crab in the face!"
Gumball says: "And I'll steal a watch from a ghost!"
Gumball says: "I'll eat a beard!"
Gumball says: "I'll marinate a plumber!"
Gumball says: "And when they write about me in history books, they will say, "He did what had to be done to find out his real name."
Nicole says: "Your real name?"
Nicole says: "It's Zach."
Gumball says: "Ugh..."
Gumball says: "!"
The Beginning of Zach.
In the Elmore School Bus.
Gumball says: "Zach."
Darwin says: "Zach."
Gumball says: "Zach."
Darwin says: "Zach."
Gumball says: "Zaach."
Darwin says: "Zaach."
Gumball says: "Za-a-a-a-ch."
Darwin says: "Za-a-a-a-ch."
The two of them keep saying "Zach" quickly, back and forth and then contemporarily.
Gumball says: "Zaaaach."
Banana Joe says: "Who's Zach?"
Gumball says: "I am."
Banana Joe says: "Oooh."
Banana Joe turns to the seat behind him.
Banana Joe says: "Gumball's called "Zach" now."
Jamie says: "So?"
Banana Joe says: "Yeah."
Banana Joe says: "Good point."
In the school hallway, Zach is jumping around on a skateboard.
Zach says: "Hey, coach, great game last night!"
Coach  Russo says: "You're not on the team, Watterson."
Zach takes the ball from her and attempts to dribble it, but ends up hitting Juke.
Zach says: "Go, Elmore ducks!"
Zach says: "Whoooooooo!"
Zach says: "Hey Carrie, I think we really nailed the song last night."
Zach says: "We're totally gonna win the battle of the bands, man."
Carrie says: "You're not in a band."
Carrie says: "I'm not in a band."
Carrie says: "I bet you can't even give me the name of a band."
Zach says: "Psch, yeah, like… Germany."
Darwin says: "Whoooo!"
At the cafeteria, Zach skates past the tables and grabs an apple, taking a bite off of it and then tosses it away.
Banana Joe says: "Hey, that's my cousin!"
Kayvon cries.
At the school courtyard, Jamie and Tina are playing basketball, until Zach swipes the ball and attempts to shoot it into the basket, but misses and hits a car.
Zach says: "Touchdown!"
Zach says: "Whoo!"
Zach skates into the school hallway, and kicks his board, which knocks out Mr. Small.
Zach says: "Watch out, world!"
Zach says: "There's a new cat in town!"
Zach says: "And he's called…  Zaaach!"
The school bell rings and students start exiting the school.
Gumball says: "School's over already?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, and you spent the whole day with one eyebrow raised, behaving like a horrible jock."
Darwin says: "Are you all right?"
Zach says: "Oh, Zach is fine."
Darwin says: "Are you sure?"
Darwin says: "Cause Zach is kiiinda digesting part of an apple kid's face right now."
Zach says: "That's cause Zach does what he wants."
Darwin says: "Sorry, but who exactly is this Zach?"
Darwin says: "I thought he'd be like Gumball but with a shorter name."
Zach says: "No!"
Zach says: "Gumball's a loser."
Zach says: "Zach is the man."
Zach says: "Zach doesn't ask."
Darwin says: "Dude, what are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Zach says: "Zach doesn't have to explain himself,  because he smells so good."
Darwin says: "Zach, listen to me."
Zach says: "Zach doesn't listen."
Zach says: "He hears."
Darwin says: "That's the same thing!"
Zach says: "Oh, wait."
Zach says: "What was that?"
Zach says: "I'm afraid I can't listen you."
Zach says: "Walk with me."
Zach puts his arm around Darwin and they walk to the supermarket.
Zach says: "See, Zach doesn't wait for doors to open."
Zach says: "He punches right through them."
Zach punches the doors, but they open before he hits them. After a while he gets frustrated and stops.
Zach says: "Metaphorically, of course."
Zach and Darwin enter the store.
Angry Mob.
Zach says: "See, here's another example."
Zach says: "Zach doesn't waste his time."
Zach says: "He goes straight to the point."
Zach says: "Make way, losers."
Zach says: "I'm more important than you."
Hank blocks Zach's way with his arm.
Zach says: "You think that'll stop Zach?"
Zach says: "Well, Zach is like water."
Zach says: "He always finds a way."
Zach goes through the Hank's clothes.
Hank says: "Oh!"
Hank says: "Ah!"
Hank says: "Ooh!"
Darwin says: "You do realize you've done all this, and you have nothing to buy, right?"
Zach says: "Yeah, that's why you're gonna stay here and hold my place."
Hank says: "Hey, kid, get in line like everyone else."
Alison says: "You've got three seconds to move, or I'll bingo-wing you!"
Marvin says: "Have you got no respect?!"
Marvin says: "!"
Hank says: "Get to the back of the line!"
Felicity says: "YOU DISGUSTING ORANGE FREAK!"
Banana Bob​​​​​ says: "I'M SCREAMING BECAUSE THEY ARE!"
Everyone in line starts throwing objects at Darwin.
Darwin says: "Ahh, Dude!"
Darwin says: "Can you say sorry to these people before they get to the heavy items at the bottom of the cart?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Zach says: "Zach doesn't apologize."
Zach says: "He uses his charm."
Zach says: "Can you pay for this, buddy?"
Zach says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "All right, you lovable rogue."
Darwin says: "Hey, wait!"
Darwin says: "Where are you going?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Zach says: "Zach doesn't hang out with losers."
Zach says: "He lives too fast."
Zach rapidly walks out of the store.
Darwin says: "No, wait!"
Darwin charges after Zach but gets bingo-winged by Alison.
Alison says: "I warned you."
Zach Must Go.
Back at the Watterson house, an angry Darwin slams the door shut and finds Anais popping out of a boot.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "What happened?"
Anais says: "Zach."
Anais says: "He said he needed his own "hang space," so he threw us out of the bedroom."
Anais says: "This is where I sleep now..."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "What about me?"
Anais points to the turtle's lair. The turtle hisses evilly, and Darwin whimpers.
Darwin says: "How can Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad let this happen?"
Richard says: "I'm not allowed to be called "dad" anymore."
Camera zooms out, revealing Richard dressed in a skirt with makeup and a handbag.
Richard says: "Zach made me sign away my position as man of the house."
Richard says: "What am I now?"
Richard says: "Assistant mom?"
Richard says: "Vice mother?"
Richard says: "Man mom?!"
Richard says: "!"
Darwin says: "Oookaay..."
Darwin says: "What does Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom think of this?"
Anais says: "Ask her yourself."
Darwin walks to the kitchen and sees Zach poking Nicole repeatedly.
Darwin says: "What's going on?"
Nicole says: "I tried to teach him a lesson by beating him at anything he chose."
Darwin says: "What did he choose?"
Nicole says: "Being obnoxious!"
Zach says: "Yeah, I won!"
Zach runs, hops off Darwin's head, and lands on the table.
Zach says: "Boom shaka laka laka loka mucka lacka cracker jacka flak attack alack ahucka boo-yah!"
Darwin says: "Okay, man mom, I need a mirror!"
Richard hands to Darwin a pocket mirror and he shows it to Zach.
Darwin says: "Look at yourself."
Darwin says: "You're such a jerk now, you've started popping your collar."
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "How did that happen?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You seriously don't remember?"
Anais says: "It's Zach."
Anais says: "Zach is taking over."
Anais says: "Gumball, you need to remember who you really are!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, the real Gumball doesn't care about winning."
Darwin says: "He fails, with style!"
Darwin says: "Like that time you tried to cross that bridge in a bucket."
A flashback of Gumball in "The Curse" is shown, where he is trying to jump the unfinished freeway.
Gumball says: "Gonna make it!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna make it!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna make it!"
Gumball says: "I'm not gonna make it!"
The memory rewinds and changes. Zach jumps the gap effortlessly and manages to pull off a stunt.
Zach says: "Yeah!"
Gumball is now performing an air guitar in real life, then passes out.
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Zach is transforming your memories, dude!"
Nicole says: "We need to get rid of this Zach, permanently."
Anais says: "One step ahead of you."
Anais says: "I knew this day would come."
Nicole says: "By changing his name, to Gumball, at the town hall."
Anais says: "Yeah, Yeah, that's what I- that's what I meant..."
Zach vs. Gumball.
The Wattersons, in the car, speed down the road. Gumball groans.
Darwin says: "We're losing him!"
Nicole says: "Okay, hold on!"
Anais says: "Look out!"
A truck blocks the way. Nicole tries to stop the car.
Nicole says: "The brakes don't work!"
Anais says: "Aah!"
The car's roof gets torn off by the truck as they move under it.
Gumball says: "Where am I?"
Gumball says: "What's going on?"
Gumball says: "Why is Dad dressed like a woman?"
Anais says: "No one really knows."
Gumball says: "Ow."
Gumball says: "Why are these in my pocket?"
Darwin says: "It was Zach who cut the brakes!"
Darwin says: "He knew we'd try to change your name!"
Zach takes control.
Zach says: "Zach is always three steps ahead."
Zach says: "AHAHAHAHA!"
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "No, no, no!"
Darwin says: "Fight him, Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Fight him!"
Gumball walks through a street of a bunch of memories squashed together. The Forest of Doom is to his right and the town, with Kenneth and Hector fighting in the background, are to his left.
Darwin says: "Gumball, don't let him change your memories!"
Gumball says: "And how exactly am I supposed to do that?"
The camera zooms out, revealing Gumball being inside a brain-shaped cardboard maze with his memories scattered around.
Darwin says: "By remembering you're a loser!"
Scene changes back to reality.
Darwin says: "Like that time Tobias kicked your butt!"
Gumball flashes back to "The Knights" when Tobias was hitting a trash can he was hiding behind.
Gumball says: "Hey, I remember that."
Gumball says: "Gosh, I really am a bit of a loser."
Zach says: "Not for long!"
Zach transforms, and suddenly he's holding a bazooka and is in his paintball gear.
Zach says: "Well, my friend, looks like you brought a stick to a bazooka fight."
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Stop messing with my memories, you cheap punk!"
Zach says: "Ha!"
Zach says: "Cheap this!"
Gumball says: ""Cheap this?"
Gumball says: "" What does that even mean?"
The rocket explodes on Gumball. The smoke clears and Gumball notices his hand starting to fade.
Gumball says: "He's too strong, dude!"
Gumball says: "I'm fading away!"
Scene changes bact to reality.
Darwin says: "Quick, Gumball's fading away!"
Nicole says: "We need a shortcut!"
Larry says: "Here's your change, sir."
Larry says: "Thank you for coming and GET OUT OF HERE!"
Gary floors it and evades the Wattersons, who speed by. The food in Larry's hand has disappeared.
Larry says: "Huh?"
Richard is eating the stolen food. Nicole looks at him.
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "I'm stress-eating!"
Richard says: "You're not the only one who gets hormonal!"
Nicole says: "Are you sure you don't want to take off that wig?"
Nicole says: "I think it's messing with your head."
Richard says: "Oh, first I'm fat, and then you don't like my hair?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "My mother was right!"
Darwin says: "Dude, try to hold on to a memory where you lose, like that time when you lost that tennis match on purpose!"
Gumball wakes up in a scene from "The Sweaters." It shows Zach rapid-firing tennis-balls, and they are battering Carlton and Troy.
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "That's not the way it happened!"
Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Gumball says: "HEELP!"
A police car appears next to the Wattersons.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Pull over and step out of the stolen vehicle!"
Richard turns to look at the Sheriff.
Donut Sheriff says: "Ah!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I meant, put a bag over your head, pull over, and step out of the stolen vehicle."
Nicole says: "Stolen vehicle?"
Nicole says: "What's he talking about?"
Anais pulls out a phone from Gumball's pockets.
Phone says: "Thank you for your call, sir."
Phone says: "The officers are about to stop the people who stole your car."
Nicole says: "Could someone please check he's got nothing else in his pockets?"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Zach says: "Zach is always three steps ahead."
Anais punches Gumball just as Zach loses control.
Gumball says: "Ow."
Anais says: "Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry."
Darwin says: "Hey, remember that time in the tree house when you thought you were kissing Penny, but kissed me instead?"
Gumball says: "Actually, I wouldn't mind if he erased that one."
Darwin says: "Yeah, me too."
Darwin says: "Well, try and find something else."
Donut Sheriff says: "Stop the car, lady-man!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We've blocked the road ahead!"
Coffee Cop blocks the road with stingers.
Nicole says: "I'm sorry!"
Nicole says: "We don't have a choice!"
The Wattersons drive by the roadblock, which was placed on a different road.
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh, it seems the suspect drove through the roadblock, sir."
Donut Sheriff says: "What?"
Donut Sheriff says: "How could you let him get away?"
Donut Sheriff says: "What about the stingers?"
Hamburger Cop drives through the roadblock and his tires are popped.
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh, sir, I think we're gonna need back up."
Donut Sheriff says: "Ah, forget it."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'll catch them myself."
Doughnut Sheriff crashes into Hamburger Cop.
Donut Sheriff says: "Let's just put in the report that we let them off with a warning."
Changing Name.
Anais says: "Mom, stop the car!"
Anais says: "The town hall is straight ahead!"
Nicole turns the keys and the car slowly drives into the hall. The car stops, lightly touching Alison, who then surprisingly flies off.
Nicole says: "Please, we need your help."
Richard says: "We've got an identity crisis on our hands!"
Darwin says: "Buddy, wake up!"
Darwin says: "We need you to sign your name!"
Gumball says: "My name?"
Gumball says: "What is my name?"
Gumball walks through Zach's edited memories, with him wooing Penny, being the star of the football team, and hanging out with Alan, Tobias and Banana Joe at a party.
Zach says: "Dude doesn't even know his own name anymore."
Zach says: "Just accept it and fade away."
The paper woman is doing her work extremely slowly.
Nicole says: "Just get on with it already!"
Paper woman says: "I'm sorry, ma'am."
Paper woman says: "I'm going as fast as I can."
Nicole angrily grabs the woman's arm and slams it repeatedly on the paper.
Darwin says: "Come on, dude!"
Darwin says: "You have to sign your name, or it's not official!"
Gumball says: "I don't remember my name."
Gumball says: "There's no memory of mine left."
Gumball says: "He's changed everything!"
Gumball sees the memory of the arcade.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Apart from the time I actually won something!"
Game says: "You win!"
Zach blocks Gumball's path.
Gumball says: "Not this time, Zach."
Gumball says: "I’ve already won this."
Zach says: "But what name did you type?"
Past Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Past Gumball says: "It's only three letters in the top score."
Zach says: ""Z-A-C."
Zach says: "" It fits perfectly."
Past Gumball says: "What do I go with?"
Past Gumball says: ""GUM" or "BALL?"
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "Gumball!"
Zach says: "Forget it."
Zach says: "I'm the boss of this game."
Zach says: "I know all the combos."
Gumball says: "But the combos are useless against button mashing!"
Gumball forges through Zach, pushes away the past versions of himself and Darwin and types in GUM onto the game. It expands to say GUMBALL. Zach begins to fade away.
Zach says: "Aaaaahh—"
Gumball farts and awakens, then rushes to write his name.
Richard says: "He's back!"
Richard says: "Come on!"
Richard says: "Gumball me!"
Gumball runs up to the counter and officially signs his name on the paper. The rest of the Wattersons then hug him and cheer happily.
Paper woman says: "You know, you could have just filled this out on the interne—"
The episode ends.