Nefarious Nuts at Noon.
It is afternoon in the park. Margaret Robinson kneels in the grass with a bag of nuts, holding one out for the squirrels.
Margaret says: "Meh meh."
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh meh!"
Her nuts happen to catch the attention of Gumball and Darwin, who scamper up to her like squirrels themselves. Before they can get a taste, though, Mrs. Robinson jerks her hand away.
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh!"
Gumball says: "No, not for us?"
Margaret says: "Meh!"
The boys turn to see some squirrels peeking out from behind a tree.
Darwin says: "I didn't know you liked squirrels, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Robinson..."
Darwin says: "or the outdoors..."
Darwin says: "or daylight."
Margaret scowls at them.
Gumball says: "Or, anything that doesn't involve other people suffering."
Margaret says: "Meh."
Margaret hands each brother a bag of nuts.
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "Thank you."
They each toss a nut and the squirrels scamper over to get them. They laugh happily as the squirrels gather around them. One squirrel climbs on top of Darwin’s head and another nuzzles against his cheek. However, the heartfelt moment is interrupted when one squirrel suddenly bites Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
The squirrels become aggressive and Gumball backs away from them with a scream. The frightened brothers are backed up to a nearby tree by the crazed squirrels.
Darwin says: "Dude, those nuts are coated in coffee!"
One squirrel growls and shakes its head. Mad from the caffeine, its face reddens and its eyes go askew. Gumball and Darwin toss the bags of nuts away and watch in horror as the squirrels viciously attack the other residents. Mrs. Robinson appears from behind the tree and proudly watches, chuckling at her work.
The squirrels chase the screaming Rosie as she flees on her bike. Hank struggles to walk as the squirrels attack him all over, with one even crawling around inside his shirt. A squirrel pops out of Melted Cheese Guy's sandwich and bites his lower lip. He screams as he tries to pull it off, severely stretching his lip. A pack of squirrels kidnap Gary by carrying him up a tree and into their burrow.
Gary says: "Ahh!"
Gary says: "They're storing me for winter!"
Gary says: "Ahh!!"
Jeff says: "My face!"
The squirrels feed on Jeff's face, leaving him as a realistic, half-eaten corn cob.
Hank says: "AHH!!"
Hank says: "I mean, it only came through my shirt, but still, WAAAAAAHH!!"
The squirrels continue their rampage, biting everyone mercilessly. Doughnut Sheriff desperately shakes off the squirrels eating his body as he stumbles up to Gumball and Darwin.
Donut Sheriff says: "Who is responsible for this?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Margaret says: "Meh!"
That evening, Gumball and Darwin, dressed in orange jumpsuits, are picking up roadside litter.
Gumball says: "I can't believe it!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, soaking those nuts in prune juice was overkill."
Gumball says: "No, I meant I can't believe Mrs."
Gumball says: "Robinson could be that evil."
Darwin says: "Dude, no one is truly evil."
Gumball says: "Darwin, she's "blame-two-kids-for-her-crimes-and-make-them-do-community-service" evil."
Gumball says: "Nah, she's more evil than that."
Gumball says: "She's "heart-so-dark-that-it's-a-black-hole" evil..."
Gumball says: "She's "ads-before-your-video-loads" evil!"
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "There's no such thing as evil people, just ordinary people who do bad things because they're unhappy."
Gumball says: "Jump."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "JUMP!"
Gumball tackles Darwin out of the way before the car can hit him.
They watch in horror as the cackling Margaret drives her car recklessly down the sidewalk, knocking over a mailbox. She drives into the street to purposefully graze two cars parked on the roadside and drives on.
Gumball says: "That looks pretty evil to me."
Darwin says: "No, nobody can be completely evil."
The next morning, Gary rings the Robinsons’ doorbell and prepares to put a letter through the mail slot.
Gary says: "Mailma-AGH!"
Margaret throws the door open, slamming it into Gary’s face and leaving his motionless arm stuck through the slot.
A whimsical song starts playing with a singer backing it up.
Singer says: "Pain and regret and frustration and sadness."
Singer says: "Misery, turmoil, and anger and madness."
Margaret happily skips out to the sidewalk and lets a butterfly land on her hand, only to blow it into a spider-web. A spider descends to devour it.
Singer says: "The smell of the garbage, the taste of despair."
Margaret dances down the sidewalk and kicks over her neighbors’ garbage bins.
Singer says: "These simple things leave me walking on air."
Margaret happily smells the rancid, fly-ridden garbage before dancing away.
Margaret skips into a nearby yard where Mr. Small stands watering his plants with a hose. As he is unaware of her presence, she successfully snatches his hedge trimmers from his tool belt and cuts off the three giant flowers standing behind him. She tosses the trimmers back into his tool belt and frolics away just as Mr. Small turns to stare in shock at his beheaded flowers.
Singer says: "Toothache and heartburn and bad halitosis."
Mrs. Robinson opens someone’s mailbox.
Singer says: "Hay-fever, bunions, and deep-vein thrombosis."
Margaret pulls out all the letters inside and gleefully tosses them in the air like confetti, leaving them scattered about on the ground.
Singer says: "A trip to the dentist: the sound of the drill."
At a local building, Principal Brown steps out of his car and goes to attend to business. As Hank, standing nearby, washes a window with a squeegee, Margaret tap-dances up to the building.
Singer says: "These are things that will give me a thrill!"
With a spin, Margaret grabs up Hank’s bucket and blissfully tosses the dirty water onto Principal Brown's car. She drops the bucket and dances away just as Principal Brown returns from his business.
Singer says: "When the milk spills."
Singer says: "When your dog's ill."
Singer says: "When all hope takes flight."
Principal Brown is shocked to see dirty water splashed on his car and assumes Hank responsible. Angered, he tackles Hank.
Singer says: "When everyone else feels incredibly sad..."
Goblin has just taken money from an ATM. As he puts it in his wallet, Margaret comes up to him. She takes his hands and merrily dances with him for a moment, snatching his wallet while he is distracted. Only after Margaret has left does Goblin notice his wallet is missing. As the confused Goblin searches for it on his person, Margaret dances past Gumball and Darwin, who stare at her, shocked by her deeds.
Singer says: "..."
Singer says: "my world fills with pure delight."
With a can of spray paint, Mrs. Robinson changes the number on a speed limit sign from “30” to “800”. Standing next to her is Billy, happily licking an ice cream cone. He and Mrs. Robinson watch two cars collide. Billy observes it with horror and Margaret with satisfaction. As Billy stares, Margaret slaps the ice cream cone out of his hand and onto the ground. Margaret leaves, but when Billy sheds a tear, she returns and catches it in a glass. She drinks it and is satisfied. As she leaves, she throws away the glass, which shatters on Billy’s head.
Singer says: "When you slip up."
Singer says: "When you trip up."
Singer says: "When you stub your toe."
Marvin locks his car, but drops his keys. He reaches down to grab them, but pulls his back and drops his cane.
Margaret skips up to Marvin and picks up his keys, but just as he reaches for them, she tosses them into his car through his barely-opened driver side window. He glares at her as she dances away.
Marvin says: "Why you!"
Marvin sticks his arm through the window, but his arm is too short. Margaret returns, and since the car rests precariously at the top of a steep slope, she nudges it with her hip.
Singer says: "..."
Singer says: "to FLOOOOOWWWWWW!"
With his arm stuck in the window, Marvin is pulled along by his car as it rolls rapidly down the slope. Gumball and Darwin watch in horror. Then, Margaret hops across a row of cars, caving their roofs in, shattering their windows, popping open their hoods, and setting off their alarms.
Song ends.
Gumball says: "See!"
Gumball says: "There's no goodness in that woman!"
Gumball says: "She's a malevolent marionette whose heart belongs to darkness."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "I'll prove there's some good in her."
Hospital Hijinks.
At Elmore Hospital, Gumball and Darwin look through a window, admiring all the newborn babies. As they look, an excited Margaret bursts through the ward doors and runs up to the window. On seeing that everything is fine, however, she becomes angry.
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, I know."
Darwin says: "I lied to get you to come here."
Darwin says: "There was no power outage, and all the patients are fine, but look."
Darwin says: "Look into the eyes of that newborn baby."
Darwin says: "Remember the time before your first "meh-meh"?"
Margaret says: "Meh..."
Darwin says: "Surely, you were once like that: innocent and pure."
Gumball says: "Nope."
Gumball says: "It says here she's seventy percent cotton, thirty percent polyester, and made in..."
Gumball says: "the fiery pits of the underworld."
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Having snuck into the room, Margaret swaps the name tags of two babies.
Darwin says: "Did you just swap their name tags?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Margaret leaves the room and returns to the boys.
The mothers and fathers of the two babies come into the room. Each father takes a moment to notice that the child in his arms looks like the offspring of the other set of parents. Assuming the worst, the two fathers begin to fight. All the infants cry as the fathers battle it out, and Mrs. Robinson watches from outside, chuckling wickedly.
Margaret says: "Heheheheh!"
Darwin says: "How can you enjoy this?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "You're messing with people's lives, and one of these days, all these..."
Margaret looks disinterestedly at Darwin, whose words she hears as similar to her own incoherent speech.
Darwin says: "Meh meh meh meh meh meh, meh meh meh meh."
Darwin says: "Meh meh meh meh meh meh meh."
The scene returns to original perspective.
Gumball says: "Dude, don't bother."
Gumball says: "It's not getting through."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "I'll try it in a language she can understand."
Darwin says: "Meh meh meh meh, meh meh meh."
This time, Margaret hears Darwin’s words as understandable English, but is so perplexed by the inanity of what he seems to be saying that her eyes widen.
Darwin says: "Three times did the cheese move sideways to Switzerland by radio, but she never licked that parking permit."
The scene returns to normal perspective.
As Darwin rambles on, Margaret, now standing by the door, squirts hand sanitizer from a dispenser all over the floor.
Darwin says: "Meh meh meh meh meh."
Bandage Doctor says: "AHH!"
Margaret dances out of the room with a twirl and stands with her hands clasped together in joy.
Darwin says: "Why doesn't she understand?"
Margaret spins the arrow sign on the wall pointing to the Emergency Room so that it points in the opposite direction. Satisfied, she skips down the hall.
Gumball says: "Mmm, yeah..."
Gumball says: "it's maybe not that you don't speak her language."
Gumball says: "It's that she doesn't have a soul."
Later, Gumball and Darwin are standing on the Robinsons' porch. Darwin rings the doorbell.
Darwin says: "All we gotta do is find out what made her so evil."
Gaylord says: "What do you want?"
Gumball says: "Oh, hi, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "We're here to-uh..."
Gumball says: "offer you a free house-cleaning service!"
Gaylord says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "to raise..."
Darwin says: "money for our school."
Gaylord says: "You're cleaning my house for free in order to raise money?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "see how bad our logic is?"
Gumball says: "Proof that our school needs more money to give us a better-er education."
Gaylord says: "On one hand, I don't trust you."
Gaylord says: "On the other hand, I DON'T TRUST YOU!"
Gumball says: "But, on the third hand, free child labor!"
Gaylord says: "Mmm..."
Gaylord says: "okay."
Inside, the attic door in the ceiling is open, and above the pull-down stairs, small puffs of dust are seen coming from the attic. Up in the attic, Gumball and Darwin are dusting furniture.
Gumball says: "Cleaning is kind of weird, isn't it?"
Gumball says: "You're just moving dirt out of your house to make space for the dirt you'll bring tomorrow."
Darwin says: "If we test each page for pheromone levels, we can determine whether or not she experienced a childhood trauma that made her turn evil."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "or we could just read it."
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "or we could just read it."
Gumball says: ""Meh meh meh meh meh meh, meh meh meh."
Gumball says: "Meh meh meh meh meh."
Darwin says: "Read it properly!"
Gumball shows the open diary to Darwin. Much to his surprise, the pages bear only repeated uses of the word "meh".
Darwin says: "Oh..."
Out of the corner of his eye, Darwin notices a photo album.
Darwin says: "Here!"
Darwin says: "A photo album!"
Darwin sets it down and opens it for them both to see. The first photo shows a much younger Margaret Robinson sitting in a boat on a lake, smiling wickedly.
Darwin says: "She looks happy there."
Gumball says: "Her brother doesn't."
In the same photo, next to the boat, Margaret’s helpless brother is seen drowning. Slightly concerned, Darwin flips to the next page. The next photo is of Margaret’s first day at Elmore Junior High.
Darwin says: "Look, first day of school!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, probably the last for a few others."
Margaret gazes happily at the camera as the school building burns behind her. A fire crew is seen attempting to stop the blaze. Another page is flipped. The next photo shows Margaret as a child in the living room of her home at Christmas time.
Darwin says: "Christmas!"
Darwin gasps as he sees Margaret fanning the hearth fire to burn Santa as he climbs down the chimney.
Darwin says: "Santa..."
Darwin says: "I don't wanna see any more!"
Gumball says: "Well, wait a minute."
Gumball says: "What about the baby pictures?"
Gumball says: "They gotta be cute."
The photo is of a human hand finishing the stitching of the infant Margaret.
Gumball says: "Aw..."
Gumball flips to the next page. The photo shows Margaret as a toddler, ripping off a teddy bear’s head.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "I guess she was just born that way, dude."
Mr. Robinson, who stands in the shadows behind them, begins to speak as he approaches them. Startled by his voice, Gumball and Darwin quickly turn to see him.
Gaylord says: "Margaret is and will always be a mystery."
Gaylord says: "Nothing happened in her life to justify the way she is."
Gaylord says: "Some people aren't looking for anything logical; they can't be bought, reasoned, or negotiated with."
Gaylord says: "Sometimes, man just wants to watch the world burn."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "are you saying Mrs."
Gumball says: "Robinson's a man?"
Gaylord says: "What?"
Gaylord says: "No!"
Gaylord says: "I meant "man" as in "mankind!"
Darwin says: "But, she isn't kind."
Gaylord says: "No, I-I-I   Ah, just get out of here."
Having left the Robinson house, Gumball and Darwin walk to the end of the yard. Darwin is holding a chocolate egg.
Darwin says: "Nah, you didn't imagine it."
Darwin says: "I heard "man" too."
Gumball says: "He said "man", right?"
Gumball says: "Anyway, what have you got there?"
Darwin says: "You'll find out!"
Margaret pulls up to her driveway. As she parks her car, she sees Harold biking toward her and squints maliciously at him.
Harold​ says: "Morning—"
Harold​ says: "OOH!"
Margaret slams her car door into Harold’s bike, knocking him down, and grins in satisfaction.
Darwin says: "Oooh!"
Darwin says: "A delicious chocolate egg with a potential choking hazard inside!"
Darwin says: "NOM NOM NOM NOM!"
As Margaret steps out of her car, Darwin pretends to eat the egg. He drops to his knees and pretends to choke.
Margaret says: "Meh meh!"
Margaret runs up to the boys, but runs right past Darwin to take the egg, ignoring him completely. Disgusted, Gumball looks pessimistically at Margaret as she tosses the egg in the air and eats it for herself. As she savors it, her evil eyes suddenly widen and she spits something out of her mouth. She catches it and sees that it’s a tiny toy car.
Darwin says: "Oh, come on!"
Margaret says: "Meh."
Margaret walks off toward her house, tossing the toy car away disdainfully. It falls into Darwin’s open mouth and becomes lodged in his throat, causing him to choke for real! Gumball frantically tries to save him, but Darwin pushes him away.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "Let me help!"
Darwin says: "No..."
Darwin says: "no!"
Darwin shakes his head as he chokes and desperately points to Margaret, signaling for her attention.
Gumball says: "MRS."
Gumball says: "ROBINSON!"
Gumball says: "PLEASE HELP!"
Margaret hears him as she opens the front door. She crossly turns to look as Gumball motions desperately for her to take notice of Darwin’s situation. Refusing to help, she starts to close the door behind her, but turns to look at the choking Darwin with the biggest, most incredibly sinister smile.
Gumball says: "Hold on!"
Darwin says: "No..."
Darwin says: "no..."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
As Darwin chokes, he looks into Mrs. Robinson’s eyes, and her terrible eyes gaze into his. Still smiling, she mockingly waves goodbye as she slowly closes the door.
Desperate, Darwin prompts his brother to save him, and Gumball slaps him on the back, dislodging the object from his throat. Panting heavily, the utterly bewildered Darwin reflects.
Darwin says: "She smiled!"
Darwin says: "I was choking..."
Darwin says: "she looked straight at me, and she smiled!"
Darwin says: "That woman is evil personified!"
Gumball says: "I don't wanna say "I told you so," but..."
Gumball says: "well, you know how much I like saying "I told you so."
Darwin says: "She needs to pay."
Darwin says: "That is the only way for her to learn."
Darwin says: "SHE NEEDS TO PAAAAAYYYY!!!!"
At Elmore Mall, Gumball uses binoculars to search the parking lot and sees Margaret returning from shopping with a full cart and with her usual scowl.
Gumball says: "Target in sight."
Gumball says: "Do you have the car keys?"
Darwin says: "Affirmative."
Darwin says: ""Operation: Pop the Puppet" is a go."
Gumball says: "Roger that."
Darwin says: "Are you sure we need walkie-talkies?"
Gumball says: "Not really."
Gumball and Darwin toss their walkie-talkies away. They are standing next to their family car.
Gumball says: "Step one: we leave the keys in the door."
Darwin says: "Check!"
Gumball says: "Step two: Mrs."
Gumball says: "Robinson walks past and steals the keys..."
Gumball says: "because she's evil."
Darwin says: "Step three: we catch her in the act, take a photo, and present it to the authorities!"
Gumball says: "Step four: disrespectful victory dance."
The brothers partake in a mocking victory dance.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's go."
The boys hide behind the car as Margaret walks past and stops to look. She sees the car keys sitting nicely in the key slot.
Margaret says: "Hmmmm!!"
Mrs. Robinson wraps and ties a bandana around her face like a gangster mask and hijacks the Wattersons' car. As she drives away, Gumball captures a photo of the crime, but their smiles are quickly replaced by looks of worry as they realize the magnitude of their mistake.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "step five..."
Gumball says: "?"
As Tritsch-Tratsch-Polka plays in the background, Mrs. Robinson drives the car into the mall. She drives through the glass front doors and Felicity leaps out of the way, screaming. Mrs. Robinson drives in circles around the fountain, forcing shoppers to flee. She drives up the escalator, chasing shoppers up to the next floor. From there, she drives on, chasing shoppers past stores. She drives through a food court and plows through a station of pay phones, sending them flying. A woman who’d been using one of the payphones is left standing with the detached phone in her hand.
Guard says: "I don't know!"
Guard says: "They're wearing a bandana!"
A horde of shoppers rush into the market with Margaret following. The rampaging Margaret speeds down a market aisle past Jackie, who leaps screaming to safety. She clings to the shelf for dear life and looks on, trembling. Gumball and Darwin, still in hot pursuit, show up seconds later.
Darwin says: "She crashed into the cherries!"
Gumball says: "So?"
Darwin says: "They're genetically modified!"
The two duck to the floor as they are avalanched by oversized cherries almost as large as they are.
Darwin says: "She's heading toward the sports department!"
Gumball and Darwin catch up to Margaret with Gumball on a bike and Darwin running alongside. It appears as if the three are in a high speed chase.
Gumball says: "Stop the car!"
Gumball says: "The police are on their way!"
Darwin says: "Go for it, man!"
Darwin says: "I can't go on!"
The car is revealed to be stuck. The front end is propped up on a running treadmill next to a wall of TVs showing a moving background. Gumball is riding an exercise bike, and beside him, Darwin is running on another treadmill. Darwin screams as he is flung away by the rapidly moving treadmill.
Gumball says: "I got this!"
Taking matters into his own hands, Gumball quickly jumps off the exercise bike into the passenger seat of the car. Margaret looks at Gumball with worry as he fastens his seat belt.
Gumball says: "Time to put the brakes on this!"
Gumball pulls the emergency brake and the velocity of the treadmill propels the car backwards out of the sports department, back into the market, through a stack of cereal boxes, through a beauty and hair products section, out of the market, past the destroyed phone station, down the escalator and out of the mall. It shoots through the parking lot, knocking over a shopping cart, and finally crashes into a lamppost. Those outside watch this in shock.
A dazed Margaret steps out of the car as an angered Darwin runs up to her. Gumball follows suit, leaving the vehicle to join Darwin's side and express his disgust for the woman.
Darwin says: "MRS."
Darwin says: "ROBINSON!"
Darwin says: "You need to learn that your actions have consequences!"
Margaret looks up in a show of shame.
Gumball says: "One day, you'll understand why we had to stop you."
Gumball says: "It's for your own good."
Margaret says: "Meh..."
Margaret says: "meh..."
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Drop the bandana and put your hands behind your back!"
Margaret drives past in her own car, giving Gumball and Darwin a wicked parting smile and a mocking wave goodbye. Gumball and Darwin stare in utter disbelief as she drives on, leaving them behind. Suddenly, Darwin yells out in frustration. Startled, Gumball’s attention immediately shifts to his brother and Doughnut Sheriff intensifies his concentration as he holds his pretend gun.
Darwin says: "ISN'T THERE ANY JUSTICE IN THIS UNIVERSE?!"
Darwin says: "!"
The damaged lamppost suddenly falls over and hits the back of Mrs. Robinson’s car. She loses control and crashes into a sign, which falls on her car as it runs backwards into a telephone pole. From there, it runs forward into the back of a parked car and backward again to hit and dislodge a fire hydrant. A surge of water blasts Mrs. Robinson’s car off the ground. It somersaults into the middle of the highway, where a gas truck and a tire truck simultaneously hit it, crushing it like a soda can. Mrs. Robinson is launched out of the car and as she falls to the street, the gas truck’s tank springs a leak. Severed by the impact, the wires between the telephone pole and its adjacent pole hang limp and sparking, and gasoline from the truck pools on the ground below Mrs. Robinson. Aware of the danger, Hank and George exit their trucks and run for it.
Gumball says: "Somebody call an ambulance!"
A sparking electrical wire makes contact with the pool of gasoline, igniting a massive explosion that propels Mrs. Robinson miles into the air.
Margaret says: "MEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHHH!"
As Mrs. Robinson descends, a passing plane clips her with its wing, quickening her fall. She finally hits the ground. As an ambulance slowly backs toward her, she slowly, weakly lifts her head to watch. Gumball and Darwin turn away and close their eyes, cringing as the ambulance runs her over off-screen.
Episode ends.