Locker Room.
Gumball and Darwin are in a foggy room.
Darwin says: "WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I DON'T KNOW, BUT WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME!"
Lucy Simian says: "Get out of here!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hurry up!"
Darwin says: "I CAN'T DO IT!"
Gumball says: "YOU DON'T HAVE A CHOICE!"
Darwin says: "WHY ARE WE SCREAMING LIKE THIS ANYWAY!"
Darwin says: "?"
Fog clears, showing Gumball and Darwin in towels.
Gumball says: "Because showering with other people is disgusting."
Darwin says: "More disgusting than soap dodging?"
Gumball says: "It's not soap dodging."
Gumball says: "It's preserving my dignity."
Lucy Simian says: "Come on it's just a shower."
Lucy Simian says: "Everybody has to take one."
Clayton says: "Hey guys, why don't you just wet your hair and say you had a shower?"
Darwin says: "Isn't that lying?"
Clayton says: "I prefer to call it creative truth."
Clayton jumps on top of the sink, wets his hand and wipes his head and then the sink falls.
Clayton says: "Ahh!"
Gumball and Darwin gasp; water bursts out of the sink's pipe.
Clayton says: "Quick give me your towels, I'll block the pipes."
Gumball and Darwin hold their towels closer, refusing. Clayton sighs and jumps on to the sink pipe and blocks the burst with his mouth, but he bloats and pops out. Gumball and Darwin flinch.
Clayton says: "OW OW OW OW OW!"
Lockers fall to the ground, Clayton spits out water and nervously chuckles then the lockers spontaneously catch on fire, and the fire alarm goes off.
Principal Brown's Office.
Nigel Brown says: "Could one of you boys please explain how $20,000 of damage was caused in the space of 30 SECONDS?"
Gumball, Darwin and Clayton are seated in chairs, all wet; Gumball and Darwin are still in their towels.
Gumball says: "Ah well I you see what happened was um..."
Gumball says: "we..."
Clayton says: "I was like DROP THE WALLET PUNK and he was like BANG BANG!"
Clayton says: "And I was like POUND POUND!"
Clayton says: "So I threw him across the room and locker went SMASH!"
Clayton says: "And he was just about to pound me when my boys Gumball and Darwin came out of the shower and the three of us trashed him so..."
Clayton says: "he jumped out of the window and ran off."
Lucy Simian says: "And what did this guy look like?"
Gumball says: "Uh he was just, just a guy, you know."
Nigel Brown says: "A guy, uh-huh."
Lucy Simian says: "And what did his face look like?"
Gumball says: "Face like..."
Gumball says: "with facial features all around his.."
Gumball says: "face?"
Gumball says: "Uhhh, big skull!"
Gumball says: "He had a big skull for a head."
Everyone stares at the drawing.
Gumball says: "That's a boat."
Nigel Brown says: "Boys I commend you for your bravery and your personal hygiene , now go and put some clothes on."
Outside the Principal's Office.
Clayton says: "Good job team!"
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "I think you're a bad influence, you should have just told the truth."
Gumball says: "And let the whole school know we're soap dodgers?"
Gumball says: "No way man, we just need to draw a line under this and never see each other again."
Clayton says: "What?"
Clayton says: "Because I lied?"
Clayton says: "I did that for us, because I thought we were friends now."
Clayton says: "We are friends, right?"
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "Only if you promise not to lie."
Clayton says: "Scout's honor!"
Gumball says: "You've never been a scout, have you?"
Clayton says: "Nnnnoooo..."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Last chance starting now!"
Clayton says: "Come on, let's go!"
Darwin signs then he and Gumball follow Clayton, but Gumball's towel got caught in the door and it stretches then finally comes off when he goes off scene.
Cafeteria.
Cuts to the school exterior, then into the cafeteria. Gumball, Darwin and Clayton are laughing while eating lunch. Gumball tosses a chicken leg into his mouth but chokes. Darwin and Clayton look around frantically for help, but  Clayton instead issues the Heimlich maneuver. The chicken leg flies out of Gumball's mouth and into Miss Simian's mug, right when she is about to drink it. Gumball, Darwin and Clayton laugh. Clayton is awarded a medal by the nurse as the other students clap. Gumball, Darwin and Clayton execute a high-five.
Hallway.
Scene cuts to the hallway, where the trio are walking. They see Tina roaring at Anton, who then holds out a dollar bill. Clayton jumps in front of Anton and glares at Tina, who roars in response. Clayton jumps on Tina and squeezes her shoulder, and she stiffens up before falling unconscious. Principal Brown awards Clayton another medal, and they all laugh.
Class.
Cuts to a classroom. In the front with Gumball and Darwin, Clayton is mixing chemicals in a beaker. The chemicals form a crystal.
Gumball says: "Oooooooh."
Darwin says: "Oooooooh."
Clayton places the crystal on his forehead. The scene cuts outside, high in the air where Clayton is seen flying towards the camera while carrying Gumball and Darwin. The camera freezes as they are right in front of it.
School Bus.
Clayton says: "And then, they gave me another medal!"
Gumball and Darwin pop out from behind Clayton's seat.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "You're lying again!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, all that actually happened today was me rescuing Penny from a tribe of time-traveling troglodytes and then we made out."
Penny says: "Uh no."
Penny says: "All I did today was go to school, and now I'm on the school bus."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other and gasp.
Gumball says: "She's right Darwin!"
Gumball says: "He's contaminated us with his dirty lies."
Darwin says: "We've got to stop ourselves lying, before it gets any worse."
Shock Therapy.
Scene cuts to exterior of the Wattersons' house, then to Gumball's shock collar.
Gumball says: "Electric shock collars?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, every time we lie we press this button  which gives us a mild electric shock."
Gumball says: "Okay, so Clayton, what did you do today?"
Clayton says: "Well that's easy, I fought a tiger and then I got a medal- ayyyuwe!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, same question."
Darwin says: "Well, I woke up."
Gumball says: "Uh-huh..."
Darwin says: "And, I ate breakfast..."
Darwin says: "Cereal!"
Darwin says: "I had cereal!"
Gumball's finger moves away from the button.
Darwin says: "And there was a wizard in the box and he taught me how to fly- WAAAAAAA!!!"
Darwin grabs the remote.
Darwin says: "Your turn."
Darwin says: "Is it true that when you were coming back from having your appendix removed..."
Gumball says: "Please don't do this."
Darwin says: "And, you said you were still woozy from the medicine..."
Gumball says: "Come on man!"
Gumball says: "You said you'd never bring this up!"
Darwin says: "You..."
Darwin says: "."
Darwin says: "kissed..."
Darwin says: "SUSSIE!"
Gumball says: "WAAAAAAAAHAHAHA!"
Gumball says: "You said mild electric shock, that was like lightning!"
Gumball grabs the remote and shocks Darwin, who reclaims the remote and shocks Gumball. They shock each other multiple times while Clayton watches, but they eventually stop.
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, okay!"
Gumball says: "Clayton, your question."
Gumball says: "Do you have a girlfriend?"
Clayton says: "Yeah but she lives abroad."
Darwin attempts to shock Clayton, but before he presses the button, Clayton shivers as if he is getting shocked.
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "I didn't press it yet."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, his one isn't even turned on!"
Darwin says: "That's double lying, man!"
Gumball says: "This!"
Gumball says: "friendship!"
Gumball says: "is!"
Gumball says: "OVER!"
Clayton says: "You should think twice about this, I know some people who can make life very difficult for you."
Gumball says: "Just, get out."
Hallway.
Scene cuts back to Elmore Junior High school. Gumball is putting stuff in his locker, Darwin walks up to him.
Darwin says: "Gumball..."
Gumball says: "I thought you were at the dentist."
Darwin says: "I, uh..."
Darwin says: "I was."
Darwin says: "But then I realized there's no bigger cavity in life than the hole left in your heart when you lose a friend."
Gumball says: "What are we talking about here?"
Darwin says: "Clayton!"
Darwin says: "We need to give him one more chance."
Gumball says: "Dude, he's had more chance than I've had showers."
Darwin says: "What's that, like five?"
Darwin says: "I'll catch up with you."
Darwin transforms; it was Clayton in disguise. Clayton sees the real Darwin and transforms into Gumball then Darwin walks holding his right cheek to Clayton in Gumballs form.
Clayton says: "Ha ha, hey Darwin, I've been thinking..."
Clayton says: "there's no bigger cavity in life than the hole left in your heart."
Cafeteria.
Cuts to the cafeteria with Gumball, Darwin and Clayton laughing.
Clayton says: "Hey who's this?"
Clayton says: "ha ha!"
Clayton says: "I'm a banana milkshake!"
Gumball says: "This is so much funnier than when Banana Joe does it."
Banana Joe turns to the camera with a sad face, a tear falling from his eye, and the song Vesti La Giubba plays in the background.
Gumball says: "HAHAHAHA!"
Darwin says: "HAHAHAHA!"
Gumball says: "I'm so pleased you convinced me to give Clayton one last chance."
Darwin says: "Convinced you?"
Darwin says: "But..."
Darwin says: "you convinced me."
Gumball and Darwin gasp at each other and stare at Clayton.
Clayton says: "Huh?"
Gumball and Darwin turn away from Clayton and Gumball points his finger, motioning Clayton to get out.
Clayton cries and jumps away to the door, but he hits the wall because he wasn't looking. He continues crying and goes through the door.
Miss Simian barges into the cafeteria.
Lucy Simian says: "WHO HAS UPSET CLAYTON!"
Lucy Simian says: "?"
An angry Banana Joe, who still has a tear in his eye, points at Gumball and Darwin.
Miss Simian comes up to Gumball and Darwin and both looked scared.
Lucy Simian says: "What did you bullies say to Clayton?"
Gumball and Darwin suddenly relax, suspecting that Miss Simian is Clayton in disguise.
Gumball says: "HAHAHAHAHA!"
Darwin says: "HAHAHAHAHA!"
Miss Simian, with two ice cream cones and noodles on her head, 2 bagels on her eyes, 2 pieces of broccoli in her nostrils and a sausage in her mouth, stares at them both.
Gumball says: "You're not Clayton are you?"
Miss Simian growls angrily and squints her Eyes in a angry expression.
Principal Brown's Office... Again.
Nigel Brown says: "What exactly is going on here?"
Gumball says: "WE LIED!"
Darwin says: "WE LIED!"
Gumball says: "We lied about everything!"
Darwin says: "We made up the skull guy because Clayton trashed the locker rooms."
Gumball says: "So punish us!"
Gumball says: "Punish us like the dirty soap dodging liars we are!"
Nigel Brown says: "I see no need for punishment."
Nigel Brown says: "You've told the truth and that's what's important."
Nigel Brown says: "We should never speak of this again."
Nigel Brown says: "Now run back to class and don't forget to make up with Clayton!"
Gumball and Darwin looked confused, then got out of their chairs and walk away.
Nigel Brown says: "Huuuu!"
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel, I just need a couple of signatures of you please."
Clayton says: "I, uh..."
Clayton says: "Razor?"
Lucy Simian says: "You know, the kid we suspended for smashing up the locker room."
Clayton says: "..."
Clayton says: "uhhh I mean, what?"
Lucy Simian says: "Isn't that band the solider's of pain?"
Lucy Simian says: "They're  pretty hardcore."
Clayton says: "I gotta go."
Lucy Simian says: "How about..."
Miss Simian looked confused and smelled her breath.
Razor's Destruction.
Scene cuts to the school hallway where Gumball and Darwin are talking to each other, then Clayton jumps to them.
Clayton says: "The skull guy, he's real, HE'S REAL!"
Gumball says: "doors."
Clayton says: "You know what time it is?"
Gumball says: "Time to change my pants?"
Clayton says: "No, it's time to kick some butt!"
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHHHH!"
Darwin says: "AHHHHHHHHH!"
Razor says: "You're next."
Gumball says: "Uh, Clayton."
Gumball says: "You got a plan B?"
Clayton's clay parts says: "Yeah, literally!"
Clayton's clay parts turn into bees and goes after Razor swarming around him and Razor tries to shoo them away with his guitar then Clayton's clay parts form together into a cement block on top of Razor then hits him with it.
Razor says: "AHHHHH!"
Clayton jumps back to Gumball and Darwin then Razor stares at Gumball Darwin and Clayton then Razor's both arms and his back grow.
Clayton says: "Guys, could I get a litle help here?"
Gumball and Darwin still looked scared, then Darwin pushes gumball slightly towards Clayton.
Razor says: "You're going down."
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHH!!!"
Clayton says: "We'll see about that."
Gumball says: "AAAHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "Clayton, watch out!"
Clayton dodges the students, continues to find Razor, then Razor is hiding inside a door opening his eye then Razor comes in searching for them.
Gumball says: "Clayton, why do you lie all the time when you can do such cool stuff?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Clayton says: "Because I want to impress you guys."
Clayton says: "I think you're really cool."
Gumball says: "No, you're way cooler."
Clayton says: "No way, you're the cool one."
Gumball says: "Don't be silly you're the coolest guy ev-  AH!"
Darwin dodges Gumball and Clayton where they land on the lockers.
Razor says: "Ha ha ha ha ha!"
Darwin says: "AHHHHH!"
Darwin says: "He's getting even bigger."
Clayton says: "Relax."
Clayton says: "I know what to do."
Gumball and Darwin ride on Clayton in his horse form.
Gumball says: "CLAYTON!"
Gumball says: "HURRY UP!"
Razor chases after them, then Clayton runs towards the window.
Gumball says: "AHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Darwin says: "AHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Clayton says: "GET DOWN!"
Gumball and Darwin hold on to Clayton, then Clayton breaks through the window while the camera is in slow motion landing into the school yard. Razor reach his hand to the window and clinch into the ground he tries to get through the window but can't and walks away. Gumball and Darwin is standing on the school yard while Clayton transforms back.
Gumball says: "Yaaay!"
Darwin says: "Yaaay!"
Clayton says: "Yeah, all right!"
Clayton says: "I knew he wouldn't fit through that."
Razor says: "I'm gonna smack you purple."
Gumball says: "AHHH!"
Gumball says: "WE'RE DOOMED!"
Clayton says: "Hold me."
Gumball says: "Is this really gonna help?"
Clayton says: "No, I mean put me on your shoulder."
Gumball puts Clayton on his shoulder, and Clayton turns into a high tech missile launcher. Razor coming after Gumball, Darwin and Clayton.
Darwin says: "Okay, should we fire now?"
Clayton says: "No, not yet, we only have one shot."
Razor heads toward the trio.
Darwin says: "HE'S COMING HE'S COMING!"
Clayton says: "NOT YET!"
Razor gets closer to the trio.
Darwin says: "AHHHHHHHH!"
Clayton says: "Okay, time to put the skeleton back in the closet."
Gumball pulls the trigger, firing Clayton towards Razor, who flinches, then the whole screen stops like a clip.
Telling the Truth.
Gumball says: "Dude that's not what happened at all."
Gumball says: "Look I made up the skull guy and Razor happened to fit his description and got expelled."
Darwin says: "And he didn't attack us, he just came by to say thanks."
Razor is sitting beside them, he is actually very small, thin, and wears glasses.
Razor says: "Yeah, me getting suspended gave our band way more street cred."
Razor says: "Just last night we had like three more downloads on our website."
Nigel Brown says: "Well I'm glad to hear that Razor is innocent  but that still doesn't explain what you were doing when the locker room was destroyed!"
Gumball says: "Oh I'm sure Clayton will have a very believable  explanation for that."
Clayton says: "We were soap dodging."
Gumball and Darwin slap their forehead out of embarrassment.
Nigel Brown says: "Gross."