You Are Procrastinators.
The episode starts off with Gumball, Darwin, and Nicole in the kitchen. Gumball and Darwin are shocked.
Darwin says: "Wait, what?"
Nicole says: "You are procrastinators."
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "Procrastinator: derived from the Mexican word, "Procratalamacion" which means midnight snack, and the viking word "Astinatar" which means puckered cheeks."
Gumball says: "It describes a person who sits on a sandwich in the dark."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Of course I don't know, dude."
Gumball says: "You know how I use a dictionary."
Flashback.
Richard says: "Aaaaah!"
Flashback ends.
Anais says: "A procrastinator is someone who always avoids their responsibilities by doing something else instead."
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "That's ridiculous."
Nicole says: "Gumball, you're such a procrastinator that you were four years old before you finished your first sentence, and even then it was "I'll do it tomorrow."
Nicole says: "" Look, I'm going to the grocery store."
Nicole says: "I'll be back at five, and the trash better be gone!"
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "We'll show you that we're not prosthetic actors."
Anais says: "You mean that you're not movie stars with bionic body parts?"
Gumball says: "Pawn investigators!"
Anais says: "It's procrastinators."
Gumball says: "You're such a smug face-inator."
Nicole says: "Hey!"
Nicole says: "Stop wasting time and take out the trash, unless you want to face  the Ter-mom-inator."
Nicole walks out of the kitchen like a robot, while making buzzing noises with each step.
Nicole says: "I'll be back..."
Nicole says: "at around five."
Nicole walks out of the house like a robot.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, Mom, we'll get right on it!"
Elmore Plus.
Gumball and Darwin are at the computer, eating chips.
Darwin says: "Shouldn't we be taking out the trash?"
Gumball says: "Hold on, hold on."
Gumball says: "I have to moan about it on Elmore Plus first."
Gumball types on the computer.
Gumball says: "OMG GOT 2 SL@V3 AWAY TKING OUT DA TRASH."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "."
Darwin says: "Dude, you spelt "trash" right."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah."
Gumball changes the "s" in trash to "$".
Darwin says: "Add some little face things."
Gumball adds a ton of emojis to his post.
Gumball says: "Hmm, should I add YOLO?"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "No, dude, have some self respect."
Darwin says: "Just put #swag."
Gumball says: "Alright."
Gumball says: "Alright, let's get on with it."
Darwin says: "Hold on, let's just check if anything else interesting is happening on Elmore Plus."
Gumball says: "Ok, but quickly."
As Gumball clicks the mouse, half an hour passes.
Gumball says: "What the what!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Dude, we were only on Elmore Plus for a second and almost half an hour passed."
Darwin says: "Let me try."
Every time Darwin clicks the mouse, a large amount of time passes.
Darwin says: "Dude, Elmore Plus really puts the "pro" in the "procrastinating."
Gumball says: "It's far too dangerous."
Gumball says: "By the time we're finished, we'll have more wrinkles than a toe after a bath."
Gumball says: "We need to leave."
Gumball says: "Now!"
As Gumball and Darwin try to leave the room, the computer's presence pulls them back. Gumball and Darwin leave the room, but the appeal of the computer is too strong and pulls them through the door and right back into their seat.
Gumball says: "Eh."
Darwin says: "Eh."
Gumball and Darwin are in the backyard, tanning themselves.
Gumball says: "How do I look?"
Darwin says: "Like a movie star's dad."
Darwin says: "How about me?"
Gumball says: "Awesome, like a handsome leather shoe."
Darwin says: "Cool."
Gumball and Darwin fan themselves. They are so tanned that the fan blows them away like dust.
Gumball and Darwin are eating candy on the front steps of the house.
Gumball says: "Hey, watch this."
Gumball throws a piece of candy in the air, which lands in his mouth.
Darwin says: "Eh, not bad."
Darwin throws a piece of candy in the air. It stays in the air a lot longer than Gumball's. Eventually, it lands in his mouth.
Gumball throws a piece of candy in the air which hits a duck. The duck falls down and lands in his mouth. The piece of candy lands in Darwin's mouth.
Gumball is playing a video game as Darwin appears onscreen doing a moonwalk and beatboxing.
Darwin says: "Hee hee!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "I'm practicing my moonwalk!"
Gumball says: "That's not how you moonwalk, dude."
Gumball says: "Watch and learn."
Gumball walks like an astronaut on the moon.
Darwin says: "Dude, you're breaking the rules of the game, and the laws of physics!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I can't hear you!"
Gumball says: "In space, no one can hear you whine."
Darwin says: "Well, in space, no one can breathe without a helmet."
Gumball pretends to suffocate, plays dead and floats.
Gumball and Darwin are eating lunch at the table.
Gumball says: "Food Fight!"
Darwin says: "Food Fight!"
The camera turns black and white and one of their plates is shown as a battleground, from the view of a gunship. On one side there are peas, on the other sweet corn kernels.
Darwin says: "Pea squadron, we have visual on our carrot target."
Gumball says: "General Spork talking, you have permission to move in!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "There's a batallion of sweet corn!"
The corn and peas in the food bowl charge each other, and start killing or rather, popping each other.
Darwin says: "They are popping!"
Darwin says: "I repeat, they are popping!"
Darwin says: "We're getting mushed!"
Gumball says: "This is General Spork."
Gumball says: "You have ten seconds before sausage airstrike."
Darwin says: "No, wait sir!"
Darwin says: "There are peas still in their pod!"
Darwin says: "Abort!"
Darwin says: "Abort!"
A sausage is dropped, it slowly falls down onto the "battleground".
Darwin says: "I said abort!"
The sausage hits the carrot, and explodes. The screen fades to white, and then to Darwin and Gumball looking sadly at the plare, now full of mashed up food.
Gumball says: "That was nowhere near as fun as I thought it would be."
Darwin says: "I think I've lost my appetite."
Gumball and Darwin hug.
Gumball and Darwin are on the couch. Gumball is digging inside the couch cushions. .
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I'm treasure hunting."
Darwin says: "Dude, there's nothing interesting down there."
Gumball says: "Oh, really?"
Gumball hums Also Sprach Zarathusa, while bringing out an old milk chocolate bar from within the couch.
Darwin says: "Eugh!"
Darwin says: "That milk chocolate bar is so old, it must have turned into cheese chocolate."
Darwin says: "Just throw it away."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me?"
Gumball says: "Cheese and chocolate are two of my favorite things!"
Gumball attempts to eat the chocolate bar multiple times, but his body keeps rejecting it.
Darwin says: "Dude, stop."
Darwin says: "You clearly don't like it."
Gumball says: "My body just has to learn to like it."
Gumball tries to eat the chocolate bar again. As his stomach growls, it seems like his body has finally accepted it.
Gumball says: "See?"
Darwin is stacking up plates, bowls and other platters on the kitchen table. Gumball watches him, worried.
Gumball says: "Dude, I'm not sure this is a good idea."
Darwin says: "I bet you a dollar that nothing breaks."
Gumball says: "You're on!"
Darwin reaches for a cloth under the stack of plates, bowls, and mugs and pulls it from under the stack. Nothing breaks.
Darwin says: "Heh, heh!"
Darwin says: "Cough up."
Gumball takes a dollar and gives it to Darwin. The whole house collapses around them. Gumball takes back his dollar, as well as Darwin's bill, which was sitting on the table the whole time.
Gumball says: "Thank you, and thank you!"
Gumball and Darwin are having a staring contest.
Darwin says: "This staring match is boring."
Darwin says: "How can we spice it up?"
Gumball says: "Like this?"
Gumball and Darwin are in the backyard, throwing around a frisbee.
Gumball says: "Hey, dude, can you do this?"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "But can you do this?"
Gumball says: "Not bad."
Gumball says: "But can you do this?"
Darwin says: "Not bad, but can you do this?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "But how about this?"
Gumball says: "Oh, hi!"
Darwin says: "How about this?"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Well, can you fit your whole arm in your mouth?"
Darwin says: "I can fit two-and a leg!"
Gumball says: "How about this?"
Eventually, both Gumball and Darwin swallow themselves and disappear into thin air.
Gumball says: "Are you ready for the fire sauce challenge?"
Gumball and Darwin each eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Darwin says: "Eh, not so bad."
Gumball says: "Meh."
Both begin to sweat and redden. Suddenly, Gumball's tail catches on fire like a fuse.
Darwin says: "Hehe!"
Gumball is on the couch reading Captain Punch, when a red dot appears. This makes Gumball act like a cat and chase the red dot, and in the process destroy or scratch up lots of items in the living room, as well as himself. Meanwhile, Darwin is outside with a laser pointer, trying to find out how it works. It is pointed towards a window of the house.
Darwin says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "This laser pen is garbage."
Darwin throws the pointer away, causing Gumball to smash through the window in his pursuit of it.
Gumball says: "Ok, I guess it's time."
Gumball finally takes the trash bag from the kitchen. He uses it to smash the clock in the other room.
Gumball and Darwin are in the bathroom.
Gumball says: "Okay, who would be the best looking girl?"
Gumball says: "One, two, three!"
Gumball and Darwin turn around and face the camera. They have lots of makeup on their faces.
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "You know what's missing?"
Gumball says: "More makeup!"
Gumball says: "I think mom's got some in her bed-  Whoa!"
Gumball and Darwin are pulled to the computer. Their makeup is ruined. Gumball starts typing.
Gumball and Darwin are in the backyard, about to play chess with a timer.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball is arranging his chess pieces in their proper places. Darwin is bored.
Gumball finishes arranging his pieces.
Gumball says: "Perfect."
Darwin says: "So, are you gonna teach me to play now?"
Gumball says: "Yes, Darwin."
Gumball says: "But remember: chess is a very complex and strategic game."
Gumball says: "You do not play the board, you play your opponent."
Darwin says: "Like how?"
Gumball says: "Like this!"
Gumball throws a chess piece at Darwin. Then they both throw chess pieces at each other.
Cut to the living room where Gumball and Darwin are drawing each other, with a fruit bowl on the table.
Gumball says: "Okay, finished!"
Gumball says: "Go on, show yours."
Darwin says: "No, you first."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Both at the same time."
Gumball says: "Three, two, one!"
Darwin says: "Three, two, one!"
They both reveal their drawings. Gumball's drawing is a detailed sketch of Darwin. Darwin's drawing resembles a child's. There is a creepy looking clown in his drawing, and Gumball notices this.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "We were supposed to be doing portraits."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other, terrified.
Gumball and Darwin are finally getting around to taking out the trash, and are heading for the trash bin with it.
Gumball says: "Well, I guess we had to do it at some point."
Suddenly, the computer receives a notification from Elmore Plus, which draws Gumball and Darwin back into their room through the window. The trash is brought along with them.
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "I'm deleting my Elmore Plus account."
Gumball says: "I'm absolutely sure!"
Gumball says: "For security reasons, please enter the word in the box below."
Gumball and Darwin can't read the word in the box due to it being distorted and twisted. Gumball flips the keyboard over and slams in on the desk. Somehow, the input received by this action is correct.
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball says: "Just click confirm."
Gumball tries to click "confirm." However, the confirm button avoids all his attempts to click on it.
Gumball says: "ARGH!"
Gumball says: "THIS IS HOW YOU DELETE AN ELMORE PLUS ACCOUNT!"
Gumball says: "Yah!"
The monitor is drawn back towards Gumball, and it hits him in the face. The scene smashes to black just as it hits him. Cuts to the bathroom.
I'm Out of Procrastination Ideas. Or Am I?
Gumball says: "Oh man."
Gumball says: "I'm out of "procrastellation" ideas."
Darwin says: "Looks like we'll have to take the trash out after all."
Gumball and Darwin start to sigh. Slowly but surely, their sighs begin to gain a rhythm, and they start banging on objects around the house and making music. After a short musical sequence, the microwave clock turns to five o'clock as an armpit fart sound punctuates the end of the "song.".
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh, it's five PM!"
Gumball and Darwin rush outside to take out the trash. But when they open the door, they run into Nicole/ The Ter-mom-inator. A red light appears on her sunglasses as she analyzes and identifies them, T-800 style.
Nicole says: "Did you take out the trash?"
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Darwin says: "Mhm."
Nicole says: "Good!"
Nicole says: "Now take the groceries, and put them away!"
Gumball nods.
Darwin says: "Yeah, sure."
Nicole walks into the house and, through the living room like a robot. Gumball and Darwin hide the trash bag. Suddenly, Nicole notices something and turns towards them. Gumball pushes the trash bag from Nicole's sight with his foot, Nicole just pats Gumball, and then continues walking away. Both sigh in relief. The garbage truck outside leaves.
Darwin says: "We're cooked!"
Gumball says: "Not yet!"
Taking Out The Trash.
Gumball and Darwin rush outside, accidentally taking the grocery bag instead of the trash bag.  Gumball chases the garbage truck down the street in slow motion. He runs into a bus stop sign, causing the bag to fly out of his hands, and eventually into the garbage truck. In celebration, Gumball and Darwin jump up in the air and freeze frame the screen irises out somewhat. The scene then cuts to the family sitting at the dinner table, eating the trash for about ten seconds.
Richard says: "Uh, can I have some more of the sports section, please?"
Nicole says: "Can someone please explain to me how this happened?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "wrong bag."
Episode ends.