You Snooze, You Lose.
The episode starts off with Nicole exiting a tent.
Nicole says: "Oh, it's so nice to finally do something together as a family."
Camera zooms out, revealing the Wattersons are tenting on the sidewalk. Gumball, Anais, and Richard stare angrily at Nicole.
Nicole says: "Wait a minute, we pitched our tent at the front of the line, why are we all the way back here?"
Camera pans to show a long line heading to the cinema.
Anais says: "Someone must have moved us back in the night to get themselves a better position."
Pantsbully says: "You snooze, you lose guys."
Pantsbully says: "Literally."
Anais says: "Why did you put us back in the line at all?"
Anais says: "Now we're stuck next to you all day."
Pantsbully says: "Well, I lost my place in the line when I was moving your tent so..."
Pantsbully says: "It's awkward now, isn't?"
Anais says: "Kinda."
Pantsbully says: "Sorry, I'll go."
Pantsbully walks away as Colin and Felix rush up to the Wattersons.
Colin says: "Is this the line for the first screening of Stellar Odyssey?"
Felix says: "Please, Colin, use the full title."
Felix says: "Stellar Odyssey, Colon, The Force Rehashed."
Richard says: "Sorry, boys."
Richard says: "We camped out all night and we're at the back of the line."
Felix says: "Since when did sci-fi become so popular with normal people?"
Colin says: "What next?"
Colin says: "Mainstream culture making films and hit TV shows that has superheroes and dragons and—"
Colin says: "Oh wait."
Colin and Felix sigh and walk out.
Wattersons at Second Screening.
Richard says: "Hah, can you imagine the embarrassment, not getting into the first screening?"
Richard says: "What's that for?"
Larry says: "Uh, this rope means you won't get into the first screening."
Richard says: "Hmm, I think we  will get into the first screening."
Larry says: "Uh, no."
Larry says: "You won't."
Richard says: "Yes,  we will."
Larry says: "No, no you won't."
Richard says: "His powers are too strong."
Nicole says: "Oh, why do you all care so much about a movie where a guy hangs out with a whistling trashcan, hates his robot dad, and kisses his sister."
Nicole says: "There's a second screening in half an hour anyway."
Gumball says: "Mom, the second anything is pointless."
Gumball says: "No one remembers the second guy to invent the telephone."
Nicole says: "That's because he didn't invent it."
Gumball says: "Alright, then, no one remembers the second guy to walk on the moon."
Nicole says: "Buzz Aldrin."
Gumball says: "Now you're just making up names."
Anais says: "If we see it before anybody else, think all the power we'll have at school."
Anais says: "The power to spoil or not to spoil."
Camera zooms out, Anais freezes her movement while Darwin, Nicole and Richard look at her in a confused way.
Gumball says: "Aaaand that's why you don't have any friends."
Anais says: "Aww."
Richard says: "Those films were so important to me, the first one changed my life forever."
Nicole says: "Aww, honey."
Nicole says: "Because it was our first date?"
Richard says: "Yeah sure, I..."
Richard says: "remember it like it was yesterday?"
Nicole says: "Why don't you flashback to it now, then?"
Richard says: "Alright."
Richard "flashbacks" cut-outs of himself and Nicole dancing. In the present, Richard moves his hands in a similar manner to the flashback.
Richard says: "Was I close?"
Darwin says: "I just hope Chuckie's in it."
Darwin says: "He's so good at providing the whimsical comic relief, that no one asked for."
Darwin says: "Oopsa, Whoopsa, We's-a outta oxygens."
The Wattersons suddenly hear someone using a gas mask. Marvin, with an oxygen tank and a gas mask, walks past them.
Spoilers.
Gumball says: "Well, it's a dog eat dog world."
Quattro says: "Who eats what?"
Quattro says: "Was that a spoiler?"
Quattro says: "A dog eats a dog?"
Siciliana says: "Way to spoil the whole plot!"
Someone in the Line says: "Called it!"
Quattro says: "Come along, Siciliana, let's go see a movie where a dog eats normal things."
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "that gives me an idea."
Short pause.
Anais says: "You gonna share it with us or what?"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Scene pans to Julius and Rotten Cupcake, also in line.
Rotten Cupcake says: "Ah dude, I can't wait to see this movie!"
Julius says: "I know, it's so exciting, anything could happen."
Rotten Cupcake says: "Yeah, anything."
Rotten Cupcake says: "As long they keep it intact with the same way it was in the first three movies and nothing changes at all."
Julius says: "I want surprises but, you know, only the ones I expect."
Rotten Cupcake says: "The first review is online!"
Rotten Cupcake and Julius watch the video, which shows Gumball disguised as a movie critic, "reviewing" the film.
Gumball says: "What up, Elmore Streamers, it's Dollyboy nineteen twenty-three, aka PixelDonkey."
Gumball says: "I just got back from seeing Stellar Odyssey, Colon, The Force Rehashed."
Gumball says: "No spoilers, but it's so refreshing to see less CGI space battles and more sock puppets."
Gumball says: "And what a brave decision it was to recast all the main characters as female, including the robots."
Julius says: "Ughh, I can't believe it!"
Rotten Cupcake says: "Dude, that was my phone!"
Rotten Cupcake says: "You could've just stopped the video."
Larry says: "..."
Larry says: "five fifty-nine, five-sixty."
Larry says: "Congratulations, Wattersons, you're in."
Gumball says: "Oh, this is great!"
Gumball says: "We're getting into the first screening."
Anais says: "Where are we sitting?"
Larry says: "Well, here's the seating plan."
Larry says: "there."
Nicole says: "What are those in front of our seats?"
Larry says: "Columns."
Larry says: "They're not holding anything up, but this way we can charge more for seats that don't have columns in front of them."
Nicole says: "Uh, what row are we in?"
Larry says: "Well, we ran out of letters for the rows so we had to start making up our own alphabet."
Larry says: "You'll be sitting in row  cleft."
Nerd-Off.
Richard says: "I hate cleft!"
Richard says: "That was my grade average at school."
Richard says: "I may as well be at home watching the holiday special."
Teapot says: "Only a true fan would watch that special."
Richard says: "I think you'll find I'm the number one fan."
Teapot says: "Uh, I'll have you know that I'm the president of the Stellar Odyssey Fan Club,  Elmore Chapter."
Richard says: "Really?"
Richard says: "I thought you'd be into like, tea and stuff?"
Teapot says: "What- That's it!"
Teapot says: "There is but one way to settle this."
Teapot says: "A nerd-off."
Anais says: "Can we take your place in the line if our dad wins?"
Teapot says: "More than that!"
Teapot says: "If I lose, the whole of the Stellar Odyssey Fan Club  Elmore Chapter, will go to the back of the line in disgrace."
Members start complaining about the Teapot raising the stakes.
Member of Fan Club says: "I wanted to see the movie."
Teapot says: "Silence!"
Colin and Felix both approach Richard and the Teapot.
Colin says: "A nerd-off?"
Felix says: "We, too challenge you in this mighty test of nerd-dom."
The people in line merely laugh at Colin and Felix.
Richard says: "Please, you weren't even born when the original trilogy came out."
Teapot says: "You have no idea how hard for us fans before the internet."
Richard says: "That's right, you got chatting rooms, webalogs, sociable medias."
Teapot says: "Yeah, and now even the most facially-challenged nerd can find love online instead of spending their life alone like I do."
Citizens in line once again laugh at Colin and Felix, who walk away.
Colin says: "Come, Felix."
Colin says: "Society may laugh at us but we're used to it."
Colin says: "We're nerds."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Okay, whoever's done the saddest, most nerdiest thing is the victor."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Biggest loser wins, and commence!"
The scene transitions to Teapot and Richard battling on bridge. Every time they say something, they make a hand gesture, levitate something and throw it at their opponent.
Teapot says: "I can't count to ten, but I'm fluent in Android binary!"
Richard says: "I'm not actually pink, I dyed my whole body to match the coolest colored laser sword!"
Teapot says: "I built a full-scale replica of the Billennium Buzzard out of my own hair!"
Richard says: "I wore a gold bikini under my suit on my wedding day!"
Teapot says: "I changed my middle name to Bardadecca!"
Teapot hits Richard, making him fall, but he catches a ledge. Teapot laughs.
Richard says: "I only adopted Darwin so that I can say I have two sons!"
Teapot says: "Nice try, but I forced my only school friend to call me Imperial Highness for thirty years!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "Friend?"
Richard says: "You had a friend!"
Richard says: "?"
Teapot says: "No, no, no, wait!"
Teapot says: "We're not even that close!"
The scene turns back to normal, Richard is seen laying on the ground.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "We have a winning loser!"
Teapot says: "No-o-o-o!"
Masami says: "Oh, good job!"
Alison says: "Nice one, Martin."
The rest of the fan club gets out of the line, as a Construction Man drags Teapot away.
Gumball says: "Awesome,  we're gonna get front row seats!"
Banana Bob​ says: "I don't think so."
Banana Bob​ says: "I have called the front row!"
Banana Bob​ says: "I've been camping here since before they announced they were making a movie."
Banana Bob​ says: "I missed my wife and kid's birthdays, a jury summons, an emergency  Is that serious enough for you!"
Banana Bob​ says: "?"
Banana Bob opens his peel, pulls off part of his body and begins eating it as the Wattersons watch in disgust. Banana Bob, off-screen, eats more of himself until he is reduced to a pile of banana goo on the ground. Everyone stares in silence.
Gumball says: "Well..."
Gumball says: "we're at the front of the line."
Gumball says: "Uhh, guys, what street is this?"
Nicole says: "Elmore Boulevard, why?"
Gumball says: "Well, I just got a reminder saying that our tickets are for the cinema on Elmore Street."
Nicole says: "That's the other side of town!"
Colin says: "What?"
Colin says: "The screening is on the other side of town?"
Felix says: "We've only got ten minutes to get there!"
Colin, Felix, and the other citizens in line run off-screen.
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Anais says: "What?"
Nicole says: "What?"
Richard says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Darwin says: "How are we gonna get there in time?"
Nicole says: "We make the jump to light speed!"
Mad Dash to Elmore Street.
Cut to Nicole trying to start the Wattersons' car, but the engine stalls.
Nicole says: "Ah,  piece of junk!"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "This piece of junk did the school run in twelve minutes."
Nicole says: "It only takes the bus five minutes."
Richard says: "I stopped at the drive-through to get their breakfast."
Anais says: "I know, let's use the mall speeders!"
Pantsbully is shown riding a scooter as he drives past Tobias and Crocodile Woman. Nicole then runs up alongside, pushing a shopping cart with Anais standing in it. Pantsbully and Nicole's cart bash into each other a few times before Anais and Pantsbully start pushing each other. Anais overpowers Pantsbully, sending him into a reversing semi truck as Richard passes by with Gumball and Darwin.
Nicole says: "Quick, let's cut through here!"
Nicole and Anais go through the automatic door, while Richard, Gumball, and Darwin break through the glass on the other door. The Wattersons continue navigating the store in a manner similar to podracing.
Anais says: "Look, the exit!"
Felicity says: "I'll take these myself."
Felicity says: "Cover me!"
Billy starts throwing canned foods at the Wattersons while making laser sounds. A can hits Richard's cart, making him squeal in a similar way to R2-D2.
Gumball says: "I've got a bad feeling about this."
Gumball says: "Dad, do something!"
Mystic voice says: "Use the sauce, Richard."
Mystic voice says: "Use the sauce."
Richard says: "I've got it!"
Darwin says: "No, use the forks."
Darwin says: "Look!"
Darwin gives Richard a fork. Richard throws it at the exit's door button, but this time the fork hits the button. As the door begins to close, the Wattersons skid on their sides, barely sliding under the door in time. Felicity and Billy crash into the door, leaving their imprint on the other side. Meanwhile, the other citizens are still rushing to the other cinema.
Anton says: "I'm gonna need a shortcut!"
Anton says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Anton says: "What's the quickest way to Elmore Street place?"
Music stops playing, all the birds stare at Anton. Meanwhile, Bobert blasts Leslie and Melted Cheese Guy with his lasers, but then Tobias and Jackie smash his head with trash cans.
Tobias​ says: "Mom, did you get the VIP seats?"
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "Course not, it's a reboot."
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "Chances are we'll be out of the theater in ten minutes."
Tobias​​​​​​​​ says: "I find your lack of faith disturbing."
As Tobias keeps running down the street, Hector follows behind him, passing by Carmen and Masami.
Carmen says: "Somebody needs to stop Hector!"
Carmen says: "He's gonna get there before us in two more steps!"
Masami says: "Leave it to me."
Masami uses the hose to tie Hector's legs together, making him collapse onto a building, blocking the Wattersons' path.
Sacrifice.
Gumball says: "Oh no, we've only got a few minutes to get there, and now we're gonna be at the back of the line again!"
Nicole says: "Honey, we're slowing them down, or, more accurately, you're slowing them down."
Richard says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "Remember when Ben Kenoli sacrificed himself at the end of the first movie?"
Richard says: "You do care about them!"
Nicole says: "You've made me watch them every year since we got married."
Nicole says: "You even put them on when I was giving birth to Anais."
Richard says: "But they're good movies!"
Nicole says: "I know."
Nicole says: "But it's their franchise now."
Richard looks at the kids, nods to Nicole, and walks away with her.
Anais says: "What are they doing?"
Nicole says: "Excuse me, is this the line for Stellar Odyssey?"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Gary says: "Look!"
Gary says: "Over there!"
Gary says: "There's a line!"
Several citizens rush in line behind Nicole and Richard.
Gumball says: "They're forming a decoy line..."
Gumball says: "Don't look."
Richard and Nicole both look at each other and smile.
Richard says: "I love you!"
Nicole says: "I know."
Darwin lets out a growl like that of Chewbacca's.
Gumball says: "Come on, we gotta go."
Richard says: "Can we at least go to the second screening?"
Nicole says: "Yeah."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais rush through the neighborhood to get to the cinema, until they see a sign for Elmore Street.
Gumball says: "Yes, we're here!"
Gumball says: "Elmore Street!"
Gumball says: "What the?"
Darwin says: "It's a trap!"
Anais says: "No, it's more of a con."
Anais says: "There isn't a theater on Elmore Street."
Darwin says: "Yeah, and if mom booked the tickets, why did Gumball get the reminder?"
Gumball says: "And who sent it?"
An optical wipe transition reveals Colin and Felix sitting in an empty theater, both laughing.
Felix says: "Hacking the theater's database was easier than bulls-eyeing a swamp rat from a T-fifteen."
Colin says: "To the real nerds everywhere, space is for the geeks!"
Colin says: "Surely nothing can ruin this for us now, Felix."
Chuckie says: "Meesa being blasted in the face!"
Colin and Felix fistbump as the episode ends.