Birth of Anais.
The episode begins in a scene where the car, which the Wattersons ride in a setting four years before, is launched recklessly on the streets of Elmore; the screen is paused to say "FOUR YEARS AGO," then resumes. Richard is shown driving the car while perspiring, as a pregnant Nicole breathes heavily to appease her pain.
Richard says: "Just close your eyes and breathe deeply."
Richard says: "You can do this."
Nicole, encouraged, responds by taking deep breaths.
Richard says: "It's only driving a car, it's only driving a—"
Nicole says: "Watch out!"
Nicole says: "I'm the one who needs help here!"
Nicole says: "You said you read the baby books this time!"
Richard says: "I did read them."
Richard says: "But there was nothing about handling this level of stress in "The Ugly Duckling"!"
Nicole says: "Not the books for babies, the books about babies!"
Richard says: "Stop screaming at me."
Richard says: "All you have to do right now is not have a baby."
Richard says: "You do that every day!"
Richard says: "I'm just asking for a little sympathy here."
Nicole says: "How about some sympathy pains?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "There you go."
Richard says: "Make yourself comfortable."
Gumball says: "I, for one, cannot wait to meet our new little sister."
Darwin says: "I know, right?"
Darwin says: "It'll really improve our game of Knights and Princesses."
The scene transitions to a clip of them playing Knights and Princesses; however, both of them are princesses on top of a castle, having no knight to save them. Clip ends.
Darwin says: "And having a sister will make us better listeners."
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Gumball says: "And having a sister will make us better listeners."
Gumball says: "Plus we'll look cool when we protect her from bullies."
A hypothetical depiction of Anais being taken away her teddy bear from toddler apple plays.
Gumball says: "Why, you little—"
The screen freezes.
Gumball says: "Okay, maybe not."
The screen transitions back to Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin says: "But at least she'll hook us up with her friends when the time comes for us to get married."
A depiction of aged Gumball and Darwin plays as they are each married to babies, which are rocked back and forth by them; the screen freezes.
Gumball says: "I don't know, man."
Gumball says: "They'll always be a lot younger than us."
Darwin says: "But if we take good care of them, they can return the favor when we're old."
A depiction of frail, old Gumball and Darwin plays, as the two babies are grown up, awkwardly rocking them back and forth.
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Depiction ends.
Gumball says: "Well, either way, I can't wait to meet her."
Nicole says: "She's coming!"
Gumball says: "I mean, I could wait a little."
Richard says: "Hold on, honey."
Richard says: "We're almost there."
Richard says: "I just have to park."
Nicole says: "No time!"
Richard says: "We'll use the drive-through."
Nicole says: "There isn't a drive-through at the hospital!"
The car crashes through the emergency doors, and into one of the doctors.
Doctor says: "Push!"
A miraculous birth follows.
Doctor says: "Congratulations!"
The car then crashes out of the visitor doors.
Richard says: "There is now."
A stroller containing Anais is shown between Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Anais!"
Darwin says: "Aww, look at her."
Gumball says: "She's so sweet, she's given me  cavities."
Gumball says: "Um, dude I—"
Gumball says: "I think you had a little accident."
Darwin is shown in the midst of a puddle of pink, glowing substance.
Darwin says: "It's just my heart melting."
Anais is shown innocently giggling; her face turns to a sinister countenance, as she pushes the boys out of the car into concrete.
Thinking Up a Strategy.
Gumball and Darwin enter the house with their heads in hardened concrete cubes; the television plays.
Narrator says: "And here we witness the delicated first seconds in the life of a great bald eagle."
Narrator says: "But who would expect such a sweet chick to also be a natural born killer?"
An egg is shown that cracks for a newborn eagle chick.
Narrator says: "If sharing is caring, then this is the eagle that just don't care."
The chick is shown pushing one of the other eggs out of the nest. The boys crash their concrete-covered heads to smash off the concrete.
Gumball says: "There's no way Anais would have pushed us out of the car on purpose."
Gumball says: "You know why?"
Gumball says: "Because all babies are born innocent."
Narrator says: "And if you thought all babies were born innocent, check out these baby sharks eating each other before they were even born!"
Gumball and Darwin turn shocked.
Darwin says: "Wait."
Darwin says: "Maybe she did it because she was scared?"
Darwin says: "So what do people do when someone's scared?"
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Pull yourself together!"
Gumball says: "You're being hysterical!"
Darwin says: "Okay, I meant what do morally well-balanced people do when they're scared?"
Darwin says: "We show her how much we love her."
Gumball says: "I love you and value your companionship!"
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Gumball gently caresses Darwin.
Darwin says: "That's better."
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "Happy baby!"
Struggles of Being Anais' Brothers.
Anais is shown drawing with crayons in her crib; Gumball and Darwin enter.
Darwin says: "Hey, Anais."
Darwin says: "What's that you're drawing?"
Anais shows her picture of only the parents.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Very good."
Gumball says: "Is that Mommy?"
Anais says: "Mm."
Darwin says: "And Mister Daddy?"
Anais says: "Mm."
Gumball says: "And where are we?"
Anais points to the flowers.
Gumball says: "Oh, we're the flowers?"
Anais says: "Mnh-mnh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Right."
Darwin says: "Er, let's play a game."
Darwin says: "You want to play a game?"
Anais laughs in agreement. The scene then cuts to the children in the yard.
Gumball says: "Okay, this one is called hide and seek."
Gumball says: "We close our eyes and count, and you hide."
Gumball says: "Ready?"
Anais says: "Mm."
Gumball says: "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ten!"
Darwin says: "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ten!"
Gumball says: "Ready or not, here we come!"
Darwin says: "Ready or not, here we come!"
The kids are revealed to set on the road with an upcoming truck; they scream and duck. Darwin's soul is so scared it escapes his body and floats upwards.
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "Where are you going?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "That was terrifying."
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, at least your soul was going upwards."
Scene switches back to Anais playing in her crib at the house; she rips off the chest of her stuffed teddy bear.
Gumball says: "All right, I've had enough of you."
Gumball says: "You're going right back to where you came from."
Darwin realizes and gasps.
Darwin says: "Hey, what's that?"
Gumball says: ""No one loves you."
Gumball says: "Signed, Gumball and Darwin."
Gumball says: ""  I would never write something like that."
Anais erases the message and rewrites it accordingly to the way Gumball would write it.
Gumball says: ""No won luvs u."
Gumball says: "" Well, yeah, that's more like it."
Darwin says: "What is going on here?"
Gumball says: "It's a trap!"
Darwin says: "It's a trap!"
Nicole and Richard rush in to the bedroom, blocking them; they realize the framed situation and express anger. The family is shown at the dinnertable.
Gumball says: "Listen, I'm not jealous."
Gumball says: "It's just, you know how adopting Darwin really brightened everyone's lives?"
Gumball says: "Well, don't you think it's time we gave that gift of happiness to another family?"
Gumball says: "And by "that gift of happiness," I mean Anais."
Gumball says: "And by "another family," I mean a pack of scavenging hyenas."
Nicole says: "Look, I understand."
Nicole says: "You're no longer the babies of the house, and that's a big adjustment."
Nicole says: "It was difficult for your father, as well."
Richard whimpers with dilated pupils.
Nicole says: "But just because there's a new baby in the house doesn't mean I'll love you any less."
Gumball says: "So you mean love multiplies?"
Nicole says: "No, it divides."
Nicole says: "But I'll take the difference from your dad's portion and hope our marriage survives until you go to college."
Richard says: "Mm-hmm."
Richard says: "Wait, what?"
Nicole says: "Now, let's hug."
All hug, except for Anais, who is still in the crib, wearing the recurring demon-like expression.
Declaration of a Baby War.
Gumball and Darwin are shown in the bedroom, looking over Anais in the crib.
Darwin says: "Maybe, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom was right."
Darwin says: "Anais isn't the problem."
Darwin says: "We are."
Darwin says: "Come on, let's play with her."
Gumball says: "Peek-a-boo."
Darwin says: "Peek-a-boo."
Anais is shown bored.
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Let's try it with funnier faces."
Gumball says: "Peek-a-boo."
Darwin says: "Peek-a-boo."
Anais is shown still cross.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on."
The scene reveals that in the crib four cans of explosive gas are lit with the candle, which explodes the second floor of the house. Gumball and Darwin's bodies, except their face portions, smother into ashes and fall.
Gumball says: "…boom."
Scene switches to Darwin sleeping in his bowl. When he gets up, his head bumps against a board weighed down by some bricks and an anvil. Darwin screams in need for oxygen and passes out.
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Mm."
Scene switches to Gumball preparing himself for a bath. Anais controls the temperature of the bathtub water to be extremely hot, and as Gumball is about to step in, all of the water in the bathtub evaporates. Scene then switches to Darwin playing with his toy car.
Darwin says: "I'm gonna go for a drive."
Gumball says: "Darwin, no!"
The toy car explodes; Gumball and Darwin realize that Anais is the mastermind. Scene switches to the boys eating cereal, but notice that Anais, next to them, is wearing the demon-like expression once again. They spit out their cereal.
Gumball says: "What has she done to our cereal?"
Darwin says: "Mm, it looks okay."
Gumball says: "Why's she doing the face, then?"
Darwin says: "There's enough sugar in here to clog your arteries in a couple of spoonfuls."
Gumball says: "Oh, thank you."
Darwin pulls his hand away from the bag, as Anais wears the face; the bag trurns out to be filled with bees which sting Gumball's face several times.
Darwin says: "There, there."
Darwin says: "You know what they say."
Darwin says: "What doesn't kill you—"
Gumball says: "Will try again later!"
Gumball says: "We have to counter-attack."
Darwin says: "But how?"
Darwin says: "She's smarter than us."
Gumball says: "Yeah, she might be terrifyingly intelligent for her age, but she's still her age."
Tricking Anais.
Scene switches to Anais drawing with crayons. She notices a box trap set up by Gumball and Darwin next to her and crawls inside.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "You fool!"
Gumball says: "You fell into our trap."
Gumball says: "You lose."
Gumball says: "Hear our superior laughter."
Gumball and Darwin pinch their throats, performing their superior laughter.
Gumball says: "And now we're gonna send you as unlabelled meat to the dog-food factory."
Anais pulls the recurring face; scene switches to the box laid on the middle of the road, as Gumball and Darwin watch.
Darwin says: "So no one's actually coming to collect her?"
Gumball says: "'Course not."
Gumball says: "We're just gonna leave her outside until she's stewed long enough for her cold, dark heart to melt a little."
Darwin says: "Oh my gosh, that's horrible."
Gumball says: "It's fine."
Gumball says: "We're only giving her a little scare to assert our authority."
Darwin says: "No, I meant  that's horrible."
The Dolphin Man, as a garbage worker, dumps the box into his dump truck. Gumball and Darwin react in extreme horror; Darwin is then shown chasing the truck, dragging fainted Gumball.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah, sorry."
Gumball says: "It's your turn to pass out now."
Darwin passes out; Gumball drags him. Gumball and Darwin follow the truck into the dump.
Gumball says: "Anais?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Where are you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "There!"
Darwin says: "Look!"
The scene then focuses on the conveyor belt leading products to be smashed by a crusher, in which the box lays on; Darwin passes out again in reaction, then is grabbed by Gumball.
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "We have to save her."
The scene reveals that the box is about to be crushed by a series of grinders; Gumball runs up in vain.
Gumball says: "No!"
The box drops in a hole, which happens to be activated by Darwin in the control room, who then tries to recreate a thumbs up.
Gumball says: "Good work, buddy!"
The conveyor belt is revealed to lead items to be sliced in the middle by a circular saw. Gumball runs up and lifts the box above himself; as the circular saw is supposedly about to slice his crotch, he raises said crotch enough so that he survives without a scar, resulting in a sigh. Gumball's legs split, due to the conveyor belt splitting into two separate lanes.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on."
The conveyor belts are then shown leading toward a incinerator.
Gumball says: "I really wish Mom didn't raise me so well, 'cause this deserves a much stronger cuss word than fiddlesti-i-i-cks!"
Darwin, in the control room, controls a mechnical claw to seize Gumball; he gasps in response, as the mechanical claw drops him onto an area in front of the incinerator. He then focuses toward the box, which seems to them that Anais is in there.
Gumball says: "Anais, we're so sorry."
Darwin says: "We're so, so sorry."
Gumball says: "So sorry."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry."
Both open the box, which evidently appears empty.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Anais, where are you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Anais, where are you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Anais, where are you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
As Gumball and Darwin look for Anais in the incinerator, sobbing, Anais, with her demon-like face, walks up behind them.
Darwin says: "We thought you were gone!"
Gumball says: "We—"
Gumball says: "we—"
Gumball says: "we thought we'd lost you."
Anais struggles to escape the pressure from Gumball and Darwin's hug; however, she notices their affection and hugs back.
Gumball says: "Oh, my gosh, her first words!"
Gumball says: "Yes, yes, "Gumball."
Gumball says: "" It's me."
Gumball says: "She's trying to say my name."
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Darwin says: "Yes?"
Anais says: "Gumball did it."
Gumball and Darwin look behind to see infuriated Richard and Nicole, who both groan. Anais simply giggles. Episode ends.