Watch Out, Little Teddy!
The episode starts with a video's title card, with cheery music playing.
Video Narrator says: "Watch Out, Little Teddy."
Then a teddy bear is seen cooking.
Video Narrator says: "Little Teddy is very excited, because it's cookie time."
Little Teddy burns his hands while attempting to bring out some cookies from an oven.
Little Teddy says: "Ow!"
Little Teddy says: "Ow!"
Video Narrator says: "BE CAREFUL AROUND OVENS!"
The video switches to Little Teddy looking out from a window, and to a tree with a bird.
Video Narrator says: "Little Teddy has seen a bird."
Video Narrator says: "Hello little bird!"
Bird says: "Hello!"
Video Narrator says: "But, watch out, Little Teddy..."
Little Teddy falls out of the window, and hits the ground. The bird perches on Little Teddy's head and pecks his nose.
Video Narrator says: "BE CAREFUL AROUND WINDOWS!"
Little Teddy is seen chasing a butterfly in a field.
Video Narrator says: "Little Teddy is having fun in the backyard, with a butterfly."
Video Narrator says: "Butterflies are pretty."
Video Narrator says: "But, watch out, Little Teddy…."
After running a long distance, Little Teddy knocks himself over with a rake.
Video Narrator says: "BE CAREFUL AROUND GARDEN TOOLS!"
The video transitions to Little Teddy walking to an old woman about to cross a road.
Video Narrator says: "Little Teddy is helping a senior citizen."
Video Narrator says: "That's kind of you, Teddy."
Video Narrator says: "It's nice to be nice."
Little Teddy and the old woman start crossing the road.
Video Narrator says: "But, watch out, Little Teddy..."
Little Teddy puts his arm around the old woman's shoulder, which angers her. The old woman screams, and beats his head with a crowbar until a bump rises from his head.
Video Narrator says: "BE CAREFUL AROUND STRANGERS!"
As the old woman leaves, Little Teddy is hit by a speeding car.
Video Narrator says: "AND CARS!"
The scene flips over, and transitions to Little Teddy dancing inside a circle of singing children.
Children says: "If you're going on adventures, or having lots of fun."
Children says: "Remember to be frightened, being safe is number one."
Little Teddy says: "everywhere."
The camera zooms out from a TV in Miss Simian's classroom. Beside it, Mr. Small is screaming, frightened by the video. Gumball, Darwin, Sarah, Leslie, Masami, Molly, and Tobias, who were watching the video, are frozen with horrified expressions on their faces.
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Okay."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Everyone, take the rest of the day off."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "I'm just gonna—"
The haunted Mr. Small grabs a trash bin, uses it to cover his head, and rocks gently in a corner. The other students except for Darwin walk away, all of them still having the same facial expressions. Darwin remains seated, and the camera zooms into his face.
Darwin Turns Overprotective.
By the pavement, Betty prepares to cross a road. Suddenly, a screaming Darwin throws a trash bin at her, and pulls Gumball along with him.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "Have you lost your mind?"
Gumball says: "What was that all about?"
Darwin says: "Careful!"
Darwin tackles Gumball before he steps into a puddle.
Gumball says: "What the what are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Keeping you safe."
Darwin says: "You almost stepped in a puddle, man."
Darwin says: "You could have slipped."
Darwin says: "Or worse, DROWNED!"
Gumball says: "Dude, I think you might be overreacting just a teeny tiny bit."
Darwin says: "I love you too much to let you get hurt!"
Darwin says: "I'll keep you safe!"
Darwin says: "I'll keep everyone safe!"
Betty places a hand on Darwin.
Betty​​​​ says: "Are you kids alright?"
Darwin flips her over, and sends her flying into a nearby window. He screams after.
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Betty​​​​ says: "Oh, it's quite alright!"
Child Filter.
The next morning, Gumball wakes up and tosses the alarm clock in Darwin's fishbowl to stop the alarm. He goes to the bathroom and unzips his shorts. The outside of the Watterson house is shown.
Gumball says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!"
The scene cuts back to the living room as Gumball frantically runs downstairs.
Gumball says: "HEY DARWIN!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball pulls down his shorts and reveals his censored part.
Darwin says: "But it always looks like that."
Gumball removes the censor, and reveals that his entire crotch is missing.
Darwin says: "Oh, that!"
Darwin says: "That's because I put the child filter on the house."
Gumball says: "word I say!"
Darwin says: "Cursing is unsafe, Gumball."
Darwin says: "Words can hurt."
Gumball says: "Dude, I don't even know any real curse words."
Gumball says: "I only know the mom-sanctioned versions."
Darwin says: "But those words hint at the bad ones, so they need to be censored as well."
Gumball says: "So, what are we supposed to say when we need to vent?"
Darwin says: "Like when?"
Gumball says: "Like now."
Darwin says: "OH YOU—"
The scene is replaced with peaceful music, and cheery pictures.
Routine Made Safe.
The scene shows the Wattersons eating literal molecules. Gumball scoops a handful, and gingerly munches on them while Darwin contently watches. Then Gumball spits out some in disgust.
Gumball says: "Oh, Mom."
Gumball says: "Darwin's being a complete mom!"
Gumball says: "No offense to you."
Gumball says: "Offense to you!"
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, but your brother is right."
Nicole says: "Vegetables are full of pesticides, meat is full of hormones, fish is full of mercury, milk is not meant to be digested, sugar makes you fat—"
Darwin says: "And bread is full of gluten!"
Darwin says: "The only solution is to eat pure proteins, carbohydrates, fat, minerals, and vitamins."
Darwin says: "It is for our own good!"
Nicole says: "It is for our own good."
Richard says: "It is for our own good."
Anais says: "It is for our own good."
Richard says: "Can you pass the iron?"
Richard is given a block of iron which he shreds and chews.
Richard says: "Ah."
Gumball says: "Am I the only one here who thinks this is COMPLETELY CRAZY?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Is it crazy to keep your loved ones safe?"
Richard says: "I don't mind, as long as I'm full."
Richard walks to the fridge, making clanking sounds as he walks, and opens it.
Darwin says: "Careful, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "It's dangerous to take too many vitamins."
Richard sadly closes the fridge, and as he groans, magnets stick to his stomach, spelling "Aww".
Richard says: "Aww."
In the living room, Gumball turns on the TV, and watches cartoons. An ostrich runs through a desert, while a wolf prepares to catch the ostrich with dynamite and explosives. Gumball laughs, unaware of Darwin dialing a number beside him. Then the wolf picks up his phone.
Wolf says: "Hello?"
Darwin says: "Hi."
Darwin says: "I'd like to complain about your cartoon."
Darwin says: "I disapprove of the use of dynamite."
Darwin says: "It is imitable, and could endanger the life of a child."
Wolf says: "Where would a child be able to buy dynamite?"
Darwin says: "Are you saying your channel and sponsors don't care about our nation's children?"
Wolf says: "Okay, no dynamite."
The wolf brings out an anvil.
Darwin says: "I'm sorry."
Darwin says: "We can't allow that, either."
Wolf says: "But a child can't lift an anvil."
Darwin says: "But he might hurt himself trying."
The wolf dejectedly throws the anvil away. Then, the ostrich runs by, but is stopped by Darwin.
Darwin says: "Ah ah ah!"
Darwin says: "No running in the road."
The wolf prepares to bite the ostrich, frozen midair.
Darwin says: "And, of course, no violence."
Wolf says: "Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!"
Wolf says: "I wasn't really gonna bite his tail."
Wolf says: "The joke is that he's gonna give me my own tail—"
Darwin says: "No jokes, please."
Darwin says: "A child might laugh and choke."
Wolf says: "Can we keep the music?"
Darwin says: "No, thank you."
Darwin says: "It's the gateway to rock n' roll, which is the root of all evil."
Gumball says: "Uh—"
Darwin says: "Repeat after me: it's for our own good."
Gumball says: "No, no, gosh!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I would never imitate what I see on TV!"
Gumball says: "Guys, come back!"
The ostrich and wolf leave, and Gumball cries. Then he gets angry, bites his own tail, hops up, hits the ceiling, and falls down with birds flying around his head.
Darwin says: "You know, you can't talk to characters inside a TV, right?"
Darwin says: "And birds can carry diseases!"
Gumball collapses, and blacks out just as his show ends.
Darwin’s Tyranny.
Gumball wakes up, groaning, and is shocked to find himself chained on a chair at the table. After barely struggling, he sees Richard, Anais, and Nicole, seemingly dazed and creepily happy.
Gumball says: "Guys!"
Gumball says: "What's going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Darwin tied us up while he went to make sure the rest of Elmore is safe."
Nicole says: "It is for your own good!"
Richard says: "It is for your own good!"
Anais says: "It is for your own good!"
Gumball says: "How can this be for our own good?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Don't you realize—"
Gumball is shocked by a machine attached to his butt.
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Anais says: "That's the best way for you to exercise safely."
A sprinkler on the table shoots out a pink substance into each of the family member's mouths. Gumball does not open his mouth, and is splatted with the substance.
Richard says: "Mmm."
Richard says: "That was my idea!"
Gumball shakes off the substance, and finds a bucket under his chair.
Nicole says: "It is for your own good!"
Richard says: "It is for your own good!"
Anais says: "It is for your own good!"
Gumball says: "Have you lost your minds?"
Gumball says: "How could you give up your freedom?"
Nicole drops her pretense, and everyone else follows suit.
Nicole says: "Okay, Gumball."
Nicole says: "We don't have much time."
Nicole says: "Just do as I say—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I love you, mother, but I stand for freedom!"
Anais says: "No, Gumball!"
Anais says: "You don't get it!"
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Gumball says: "I can't hear you over my freedom!"
Nicole says: "Gumball, we're talking about the—"
A surveillance camera swivels to their direction, and all of them except for Gumball put on their guises again.
Gumball says: "Oh, that's right!"
Gumball says: "Laugh it off!"
Gumball says: "Let's all give away our freedom, and laugh about it!"
Gumball says: "AHAHAH—"
Gumball says: "Everybody, careful."
Gumball says: "I think we're being watched."
Richard, Nicole, and Anais sigh.
Gumball says: "That's what you wanted to say, wasn't it?"
Nicole, Anais, and Richard still retaining their guises gesture towards the kitchen counter with their eyes and heads. Gumball notices the key to their locks.
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Gumball hops with his chair to the counter. He glances at his family, and they nod. Then he springs, and instead takes the nearby potted cactus with his mouth.
Gumball says: "Got it!"
Richard, Nicole, and Anais shake their heads. Gumball painstakingly chews up the cactus, while his family watch in puzzlement although still pretending to be happy. After a while, Gumball forms a replica of the key out of the cactus he chewed up with his mouth. He spits it towards one of his paws, and unlocks himself as the camera swivels away. Anais, Richard, and Nicole have now dropped their guises, and their puzzlement is plainly shown.
Gumball says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Oh, nothing."
Nicole says: "Let's get out of here, and stop your brother!"
Overthrowing the Safety Regime.
Richard, Nicole, Gumball, and Anais barge through the door of their house, and run to confront Darwin.
Nicole says: "He's at the town hall."
Nicole says: "We have to get there, and stop him!"
Gumball says: "Before what?"
Anais says: "He plans to invade the rest of the world to make it safe!"
They screech to a halt.
Gumball says: "How do you know about all this?"
Nicole says: "He told us."
Gumball says: "Why didn't you stop him?"
Richard says: "Because, it's Darwin."
Richard says: "He's really cute."
Nicole says: "Aw, he was all like—"
Nicole says: ""All resistance is futile!"
Anais says: ""Those who stray from the path will be corrected!"
Richard says: ""Today a safer Elmore!"
Richard says: "Tomorrow a safer world!"
Gumball says: "How could you not see he was dangerous?"
Gumball says: "Actually, now that I think of it, it must have been adorable!"
All says: "Aw."
Gumball says: "Now, alright!"
Gumball says: "Let's take this cutie patootie down!"
Before Gumball can punch a fist into his paw, the sound of rubber is heard. Gumball, Anais, Nicole, and Richard are seen surrounded by citizens in protective gear, armed with batons. They raise their batons, but are interrupted by Principal Brown.
Nigel Brown says: "I don't mean to alarm you or damage your eardrums by shouting, but under the new regime you are under arrest for treason."
Nigel Brown says: "Please don't force us to use our balloon batons."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "That's not real?"
Nigel Brown says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "That would be unsafe."
Gumball says: "So, what's to stop us from running away?"
Nigel Brown says: "Running is now an unsafe act."
Gumball says: "Oh, good."
The Wattersons run away.
Nigel Brown says: "Stop!"
The citizens sidle after the Wattersons, taking extreme caution in moving.
Nigel Brown says: "Control, we have no other choice but to engage in a vehicle chase."
They inch to a parked vehicle, and begin to push it.
Nigel Brown says: "I wish we were still allowed to drive."
Harold​​​​ says: "I'm sorry sir, but under the new regime, complaining about the regime is a punishable offense."
Harold and Jeff repeatedly hit Principal Brown's head with their batons.
The Plan.
The Wattersons arrive at the town hall.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "So, here's how we get in."
Gumball traces an invisible diagram in the air, explaining his plan as he speaks.
Gumball says: "Okay, now, you're there."
Gumball says: "We come in from there."
Gumball says: "We go around there, and we meet there."
Gumball says: "Is that clear?"
Gumball says: "Let's go!"
Richard imitates Gumball drawing the diagram.
Richard says: "It's not working!"
Gumball says: "Dad, that was just a diagram."
Anais says: "Well, we couldn't see it."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Fair point."
Gumball says: "Okay, the plan is this: dad creates a diversion at the entrance, allowing us to zip-line inside; mom neutralizes the first three guards; Anais hacks into the alarm system and opens the door, so I can get to Darwin—"
Gumball says: "and destroy him!"
Anais, Nicole, and Richard look at him with shocked expressions.
Gumball says: "Verbally."
The plan begins. From the top of a building, Nicole, Gumball, and Anais watch a wary Tony at the entrance. Then he suddenly sees Richard, dressed like a woman. As he confusedly expresses himself quietly, Richard knocks him out with a fire hydrant. Richard gives two thumbs-ups.
Gumball says: "Why'd you need to wear a dress to do that?"
Richard says: "So I can do this."
Richard repeatedly spins around, playfully. Then Nicole grabs a bar from an antenna.
Nicole says: "Come on, guys!"
Nicole says: "Hold on to me."
They crash into a warning scene, and slide down.
TV Narrator says: "Warning: These stunts are performed by cartoon characters."
TV Narrator says: "Do not under any circumstances attempt to imitate or recreate the majority of things that happen in cartoons."
TV Narrator says: "Obviously."
Nicole, Gumball, and Anais enter the town hall. A red guard notices them.
Nicole says: "Leave this to me!"
Nicole cracks her paws, her neck, her head, and her ears. Then she charges at the guard. But before she can land a punch on him, a title card with "BIFF!!" on it blocks the action.
Nicole says: "Did anyone see what happened?"
Nicole says: "I'm pretty sure I didn't hit this guy."
Purple Guard says: "Hey!"
The purple guard charges. Before Nicole can kick him, another title card with "KAPOW!!" replace the action.
Nicole says: "What's going on?"
Nicole says: "I didn't even touch him!"
Gumball says: "I think Darwin still has the child lock on."
An orange guard charges, and "TWIDDLE" appears before he gets knocked out.
Nicole says: ""Twiddle?"
Nicole says: "" What?"
Nicole says: "And he's now censoring the sound effects as well?"
More orange guards and a green security guard appear.
Nicole says: "You guys go on ahead."
Nicole says: "This is gonna be pretty boring to watch."
After Gumball and Anais run off, Nicole and the guards clash, but their fight is censored by yet another card with "EDITED!". Anais and Gumball enter a corridor lined with surveillance monitors on each side.
Gumball says: "What is all this?"
Anais says: "It must be where he monitors the whole town."
Gumball steps on something. It turns out to be bubble wrap.
Anais says: "We're getting close."
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball pops all of the bubbles on the sheet of bubble wrap.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball and Anais walk towards the entrance to Darwin's lair.
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "We need a code."
Gumball says: "How are we gonna get in?"
Anais says: "Don't worry."
Anais says: "I have my ways."
Anais says: "K: Hack."
Anais says: "Press enter."
The door opens.
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: ""Hack"?"
Anais says: "Just kidding."
Anais says: "Actually, I bypassed the storage controller, tapped directly into the VNX array head, decrypted the Nearline SAS disks—"
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Anais says: "Injected the flash drivers into the network's fiber pack, before disabling the IDS, routed incoming traffic through a bunch of offshore proxies—"
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Anais says: "Accessed the ESXi server cluster in the primary datacenter, and disabled the Inter-VSAN routing in the layer three—"
Gumball leaves Anais.
Revolution!
Gumball sees Darwin in his "lair," smiling almost innocently. He grabs a drape.
Gumball says: "Revolution!"
Darwin says: "Noooo!"
Darwin says: "Use the stairs."
Darwin says: "It's safer."
Gumball sighs, jumps off a ledge, swings multiple times, and tries to reach for Darwin, but fails. The drape stops swinging.
Gumball says: "Oh, whatever."
Gumball drops to the floor, and limps threateningly towards Darwin after dusting himself.
Darwin says: "Gumball, that wasn't very safe."
Darwin says: "Did you hurt yourself?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "But that doesn't mean you're right!"
Darwin says: "But, I'm doing this for your own good!"
Darwin says: "I'm the hero here."
Gumball says: "Okay, man."
Gumball says: "Let me ask you one question: would a hero sit on a throne?"
Gumball says: "Would a hero carry a riding crop?"
Gumball says: "Would a hero hang out in a lair, surrounded with plans to take over the world?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "That's three questions."
Gumball says: "That's—"
Gumball says: "eh—"
Gumball says: "that's not the point!"
Gumball says: "Look at yourself!"
Gumball grabs a camera, and points it to Darwin. Darwin sees himself.
Darwin says: "D—"
Darwin says: "Do you think—"
Darwin says: "?"
Darwin says: "Am I the villain?"
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Gumball says: "Mhm."
Darwin says: "Did I go too far?"
Gumball gestures to Darwin's security monitors, his rulebook, a map of some of the world's continents, his hat, and cape.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "The cape is awesome!"
Darwin says: "What am I gonna do?"
Gumball says: "Just accept that sometimes, life isn't safe."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "I'm gonna get rid of all these rules."
Gumball says: "Uh, before you do, can I add one?"
All Hail the Lords of Elmore!
The scene skips to Elmore Junior High, just as the bell rings. Gumball and Darwin dressed with capes pass by a school corridor. Leslie, Banana Joe, Tobias, Carmen, and Sarah suddenly line up.
Tobias​​​​ says: "All hail the mighty Gumball and Darwin, lords of Elmore!"
After they salute, they slap themselves, and Gumball and Darwin laugh. The episode ends.