Bathroom Cringe.
As the episode starts, Gumball whistles and gracefully dances along through Elmore Junior High. While chewing on some bubblegum, he enters the bathroom and finishes his whistling with a stance. Gumball then sees Hot Dog Guy in front of him. He quickly stops whistling and spits out his bubblegum, causing it to land on Hot Dog Guy. Hot Dog Guy removes the gum and tosses it to the ground.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "Umm, can I just..."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "?"
Gumball says: "Oh yeah, sorry."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "Uh, right."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "Sure."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "And you."
Both of them walk backwards into a stall.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy both take a deep breath and they close the doors to their respective stalls. The camera zooms in, showing only Gumball and Hot Dog Guy's feet, as they both talk to themselves.
Gumball says: "Okay relax, man."
Gumball says: "It's weird, but you can do this."
Gumball says: "Just focus on your breathing."
Hot Dog Guy​​​ says: "Deep breaths."
Hot Dog Guy​​​ says: "It will make the weirdness go away."
As Hot Dog Guy tries to calm himself, Gumball hears his breathing.
Gumball says: "Oh man, I can hear his breathing."
Gumball says: "Just stay on it, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Relax harder!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​​ says: "What is he doing in there?"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Never mind, just inhale and exhale."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy both make loud, deep breaths, gradually increasing in volume, until their breathing becomes loud screaming. The two are then seen exiting the bathroom.
Gumball says: "Nope!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yep, not gonna happen."
The school bell rings, and Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are shown trying to enter the bathroom. First, they both run for the bathroom, but then walk past it when they see each other. The second time they see each other, they both growl and pull out their phones. Gumball then is seen running for the bathroom, with Hot Dog Guy nowhere in sight.
Gumball says: "Oh, too early."
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Gumball runs for the bathroom, but as soon as he does, Hot Dog Guy tries to enter at the same time. They both growl at each other.
Bathroom Montage.
At Gumball's class, Miss Simian presents a waterfall video.
Lucy Simian says: "And then all the water flows over the edge, more water than you can ever imagine."
A second screen appears, showing Gumball in agony as he holds his urine. A third screen appears, showing Hot Dog Guy watching Rocky mindlessly water the grass at the stadium. Another screen shows a close-up of Hot Dog Guy's face in agony.
In the boy's bathroom, Hot Dog Guy opens one of the ceiling tiles.
Hot Dog Guy​​ says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "Oh-ho, Yes!"
Gumball enters the cubicle just as Hot Dog Guy drops into it. The cubicle door slowly opens, revealing Hot Dog Guy has landed on Gumball, causing Gumball's head to go into the toilet bowl. Gumball and Hot Dog Guy angrily leave the bathroom in opposite directions.
Hot Dog Guy is seen in the school lab mixing chemicals. A second screen shows Gumball holding his urine out in the rain. A third screen appears, showing Gumball holding his urine while Tobias and Juke play in the pool. A fourth screen shows Hot Dog Guy watching a video of a marshmallow firefighter putting out a fire. The scene cuts to the boy's bathroom as Gumball quickly rushes into it.
Gumball says: "Ah, hold on."
Gumball says: "Hey, um."
Gumball says: "No, no!"
Gumball says: "I meant wait!"
Gumball says: "I'll hang out and wait."
Gumball says: "Hold on, what am I doing?"
Gumball says: "This is my chance!"
Gumball quickly runs into the bathroom in exhilaration. After he enters the bathroom, he sees red feet inside the cubicle. He sighs and exits the bathroom. While walking through the hall, he accidentally bumps into Hot Dog Guy.
Gumball says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "HOW!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin exits the bathroom, wearing red, clown-like shoes.
Darwin says: "You like my new shoes?"
Darwin says: "I thought I'd mix it up a little."
Gumball says: "It can't go on like this."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​ says: "I know, it's been so long since I had a bathroom break, I can't laugh without gargling."
Gumball says: "Okay, first of all, eww."
Gumball says: "And secondly, I'm talking about the insane levels of cringe between us."
Gumball says: "It has to stop."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​ says: "But how?"
Gumball says: "You have to air out to awkwardness, let it all hang out."
Gumball says: "Free and loose flopping in the wind like a panting dog's tongue."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​ says: "That's awkward enough already."
Gumball says: "And then we'll roll in our awkwardness, slather ourselves in it like a couple oiled up prized hogs until the bitter shame finally tastes sweet."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​​ says: "I feel like I need a shower."
Gumball says: "Ah, funny you should say that."
Shower Cringe.
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are seen at the showering stalls.
Gumball says: "One, two, three..."
Gumball says: "Just realized you are very much wearing shorts."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "So, what's the problem?"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "If anything it makes more awkward."
Gumball says: "Aw yeah, for me."
Gumball says: "It's like showing up for costume party when everyone else is dressed for a black-tie event."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "More like turned up to a black-tie event only wearing a black tie."
Gumball says: "This won't work if we can't reach full cringe."
Gumball says: "It's like a hot air balloon, trying to take off."
Gumball says: "It's never gonna happen if one of the guys is still wearing his pants."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Wait."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Gumball says: "Take them off!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "No way."
Gumball says: "Just take them off!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Leave it."
Gumball says: "JUST TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES!"
Gumball looks behind him, only to see that Banana Joe is in the showering stall as well. Banana Joe unzips his skin and takes it off.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "You know what?"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "I can't see how this situation could get any more cringe-worthy."
Banana Joe says: "Oh, I can."
Banana Joe says: "Moon glanding."
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Banana Joe holds two peaches in his hands while singing "Also Sprach Zarathustra." He then puts the peaches together, synchronizing with the music's stinger. Hot Dog Guy flees the showering stall, grabbing his bun in the process. Gumball then steps into the exit.
Gumball says: "Yep, good answer!"
Gumball says: "But pass."
Gumball stacks steam in front of his crotch, grabs his sweater, and chases after Hot Dog Guy.
Not Enough Cringe.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Leave me alone!"
Gumball tackles Hot Dog Guy.
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Gumball says: "That was nothing!"
Gumball says: "We have to cringe so hard, that firemen will have to use a hydraulic jet to unclench our heinies."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Dude, please, let me go, you're insane!"
Gumball says: "Wait, that's it!"
Gumball says: "Insane, handsome, talented."
Gumball says: "Talent Show!"
Gumball says: "Let's audition for a talent show."
Elmore's Got Talent Reaction.
At the Wattersons' house, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy both watch their audition at Elmore's Got Talent.
Television Host says: "Welcome to Elmore's Got Talent."
Watch as the Angler Fish of Fame, lures Smallfry into its jaws using the blinding power of starlight.
Laugh at their crushed dreams.
Applaud as we create the artists of today, so you can burn them tomorrow.
And now for the worst audition of the week.
The introductory video transitions to Gumball and Hot Dog Guy's audition. Gumball and Hot Dog Guy on television begin awkwardly beatboxing. While watching the show, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy react uneasily.
Gumball says: "West Coast."
The audition continues with more awkward, unskilled beatbox sounds, and gestures. Their reaction intensifies over time, until they both black out. Gumball and Hot Dog Guy later wake up in the hospital, wearing gas masks, as Bandage Doctor supervises them.
Bandage Doctor says: "You, boys are very lucky to be alive."
Bandage Doctor says: "You have experienced a cringe level of a hundred thousand DJ; that's the equivalent of hearing a hundred thousand dad jokes all at once."
Bandage Doctor says: "I highly recommend stopping whatever it is you're doing before you end up with the clenching muscles of a forty year old clam."
Gumball says: "Thank you doctor, but we've done enough."
Gumball says: "I think we've cured it, man!"
In slow-motion, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy try to give friendly gestures to each other. Gumball tries to do a fist bump while Hot Dog Guy tries to give Gumball a high-five, resulting in the wrong outcome for both of them. Gumball and Hot Dog Guy cringe and sigh.
Hot Dog Guy​​ says: "I guess we're gonna have to take things to the next level."
Gumball Gives Fatherly Advice.
At Hot Dog Guy's house, Hot Dog Guy is looking at his phone while his mother is reading a book. Gumball, dressed as an aged father, enters the house and kisses Hot Dog Guy's mother on the cheek.
Gumball says: "Good evening, honey."
Hot Dog Guy screams as he sees Gumball. Gumball then sits next to Hot Dog Guy.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "When I said take things to the next level, I didn't mean with my mom!"
Gumball says: "Look kiddo."
Gumball says: "I know it's hard for you."
Gumball says: "It's a big adjustment."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Please, please don't."
Gumball says: "I'm not here to replace your father."
Gumball says: "But, know that if you want to..."
Gumball says: "You can call me dad?"
While Gumball is talking, Hot Dog Guy begins cringing.
Gumball says: "You are a teenager, and you need a male role model i-in your life."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy both cringe so hard that their faces crumple like paper.
Gumball says: "Wooow!"
Gumball says: "That's a good one, I can already feel it echoing through time!"
Flash forward to Gumball and Penny's wedding in the future.
Gumball says: "Hey Gumball, this is your brain."
Gumball says: "Enjoying the most beautiful day of your life?"
Gumball says: "Well, do you remember when..."
The future Gumball stops smiling and his face crumples. Scene switches to Penny holding her and Gumball's newborn baby.
Future Penny says: "Say hello to daddy."
Gumball says: "Hey, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Feeling happy?"
Gumball says: "Well, do you remember when..."
The future Gumball stops smiling and his face crumples again. Scene then switches to Gumball's tombstone.
Gumball says: "Hey, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Enjoying your eternal rest?"
Gumball says: "Well, do you remember when..."
The tombstone crumples. Back in the present, Gumball notices a picture frame and picks it up.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, what's this?"
Picture shows Hot Dog Guy and several other classmates in preschool. Hot Dog Guy has a bowler haircut.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah yeah, I know."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Not my best look, no need to rub it in."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I'm not talking about the fact you look a mushroom cloud from a growth-repellent atom bomb."
Hot Dog Guy sighs.
Gumball says: "Look here in the corner."
Camera pans to show toddler Gumball is in the photo as well, with a weird gigantic hairstyle.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Hah,  you look like the reason top hats were invented."
Gumball says: "No, dude."
Gumball says: "I meant we must have known each other when were little kids!"
Gumball says: "We've got history, do you understand?"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Right."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "I guess we have shared emotions that run deeper than we thought."
Gumball says: "I am afraid there is no avoiding the inevitable."
Hot Dog Guy tries to kiss Gumball. Gumball slaps him.
Gumball says: "I meant we have to go back in time to find out why we feel so awkward around each other."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh, you're right."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy Go Back in Time.
At Elmore Junior High, Gumball makes a "time machine" made out of a large, packaging box. It has a clock, macaroni, and tape to stick things together.
Gumball says: "There!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "This looks like "Exhibit A" in a court case against your committee."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "I mean, why would a memory machine need macaroni."
Gumball says: "They're cannelloni."
Gumball says: "They- cannellanise the- time- flux- look, in science, imagination is more important than intelligence."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Wow."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "You know that's Albert Einstein, right?"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "'Cause like I've got loads of that."
Gumball says: "Like umm..."
Gumball says: "the bigger the bird, the sweeter the curd."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "I think we've just found "Exhibit B"."
Gumball says: "Just get in the box."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy put their heads inside the box.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "So, what now?"
Gumball says: "We go through the memories of all our awkward encounters to find out where this all started."
Gumball moves the clock hand counter-clockwise.
Gumball says: "Du-du-du-du-du-du."
The scene switches to flashbacks of Gumball and Hot Dog Guy's awkward moments in cut-out form. The memories cycle through Gumball and Hot Dog Guy inside the shower room from earlier, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy cramped inside the public bus from "The Awkwardness," Gumball hugging Hot Dog Guy inside the tent from "The Hug," and Gumball hugging Hot Dog Guy in the cafeteria, also from "The Hug." After that, a mysterious cloud appears.
Gumball says: "This is it!"
Gumball says: "The beginning of our repressed memories."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Red and blue hands, resembling Gumball and Hot Dog Guy's, remove the clouds to reveal the memories. On the school bus, Hot Dog Guy is eating a bag of chips. The bus stops, resulting in the chips getting scattered all over Hot Dog Guy's seat. Gumball boards the bus and sees Hot Dog Guy cleaning his lap.
Rocky says: "No standing on the bus."
Gumball sees Hot Dog Guy cleaning his lap, misinterpreting the arm movements as Hot Dog Guy offering him a seat.
Gumball says: "Uh, okay."
Gumball sits on Hot Dog Guy's lap. Gumball smiles to him while Hot Dog Guy looks confused and awkward.
Gumball says: "You were just brushing off your lap, weren't you?"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah, that was pretty awkward."
Scene changes to another flashback clip. Somewhere outside, there is a cake stand that is in-between Gumball and Hot Dog Guy. A photographer wants to capture the cake.
Photographer says: "Hey, I need a photo for the school blog, that okay?"
Gumball Flashback Could ya get on with it please?
Photographer says: "It's just I.."
Photographer says: "wanted a photo of the cake?"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh."
The photographer takes a picture. Scene transitions to a classroom. Gumball is playing with blocks and Hot Dog Guy is walking. When Hot Dog Guy walks behind Gumball, a fart noise is heard. Hot Dog Guy nervously slides away.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "It was the shoes, I swear."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "They were all new and squeaky."
Gumball is then seen farting.
Gumball says: "No, it wasn't."
Scene transitions to a crib with baby Gumball and Hot Dog Guy. Hot Dog Guy has Chicken Pox. Nicole and Hot Dog Guy's mother are both seen talking about it.
Nicole says: "It's better to catch it early."
Nicole says: "Chicken Pox can be a dangerous disease when you're an adult."
Hot Dog Guy's Mother says: "Yeah, it's like sharing a bath with your siblings."
Hot Dog Guy's Mother says: "Harmless when you're a boy but a bit more challenging when you're a grown man."
Hot Dog Guy infects Gumball with Chicken Pox.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Huh!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "Dude, remembering this only makes things a million times worse!"
Gumball says: "I thought we needed to fight fire with fire, but it only makes more fire!"
Gumball says: "Which does make sense if you think about it."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are briefly shown in present time.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Please don't tell me you're gonna set fire to anything."
Flashback scene continues.
Gumball says: "No, I was thinking more about fighting trauma with trauma."
The hands from earlier destroy Gumball and Hot Dog Guy's flashback scenes. In present time, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are merely punching inside the box. After that, they lift up the box.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "I remember nothing."
Gumball says: "I feel great!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "Me too!"
Gumball hugs Hot Dog Guy.
Gumball says: "And,  this doesn't  feel awkward."
The hands from the flashback appear behind Gumball and Hot Dog Guy, who both notice them.
Gumball says: "No, no-no-no-no wait!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​​​ says: "No, no-no-no-no wait!"
The hands punch Gumball and Hot Dog Guy. Hot Dog Guy lands at Gumball's butt. They wake up and look shocked because of the awkward landing. Episode ends.