The Sale.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin falling through the house floor. Then it cuts to a shot of them in reality; they are imagining that they are falling.
Anais says: "Come on, guys."
Anais says: "Mr."
Anais says: "Robinson selling his house is not the end of the world."
Nicole says: "Maybe we'll get some pleasant neighbors this time."
Still imagining they are falling through a hole, Gumball and Darwin notice what Nicole said and fly up to the top of the hole. In reality, they suddenly get up and make angry faces, intimidating her.
Darwin says: "TAKE THAT BACK!"
Gumball says: "NO NEIGHBOR COULD EVER REPLACE THE MIRACLE THAT IS GAYLORD ROBINSON!"
Gumball says: "TAKE IT BACK!"
Nicole says: "Okay, okay, okay!"
Nicole says: "I take it back."
Darwin says: "DO IT PROPERLY!"
Darwin says: "TAKE YOUR WORDS BACK!"
Nicole says: "Kcab ti ekat I."
Nicole says: "yako, yako, yako!"
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Gumball and Darwin faint and imagine they are falling through a hole again.
Anais says: "But hold on."
Anais says: "If you've only just found out he's leaving, how'd you make that shrine so quickly?"
Cut to a shot of the shrine.
Gumball says: "That?"
Gumball says: "Oh, we've had that forever."
Gumball says: "Now if you'll excuse us, we have some mourning to do."
Gumball rips his shirt off and starts mourning, with Darwin joining him silently.
Gumball says: "WHYYYYY?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "WE HAD SO MUCH MORE TO GIVE!"
Gumball says: "AUGH, TAKE ME INSTEAD!!!"
Darwin is still slapping his head.
Gumball says: "What's that about?"
Darwin speaks in sign language with realistic orange arms; a caption on the screen says "I've taken a vow not to speak".
Gumball says: "Ooooooh, now I understand..."
Gumball says: "That I definitely don't speak sign language."
Darwin says: "I've taken a vow of silence."
Gumball says: "Well, you just broke it!"
Gumball says: "You dishonored Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson's memory!"
The two keep on mourning.
Gumball says: "I'M SORRY!!!"
Darwin says: "I'M SORRY!!!"
Gumball says: "I'M SORRY!!!"
Darwin says: "I'M SORRY!!!"
Nicole says: "You guys realize he's still alive?"
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "He is still alive."
Gumball says: "In here."
Nicole says: "No, he's here."
Points to Mr. Robinson's house. Mr. Robinson is on a ladder, hammering a nail on the house, pants low enough to show his rear end.
Nicole says: "Mooning us."
Gumball says: "We're wasting time!"
Gumball says: "We should be up there, creating precious moments with him!"
Making Precious Memories.
Cut to a shot of Mr. Robinson from a window in the house. He is climbing down the ladder.
Gaylord says: "I must be getting old."
Gaylord says: "This is much harder than it used to be."
Cut to a shot of the outside of the house, where it turns out Gumball and Darwin are hugging him from his back.
Gaylord says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Making memories."
Darwin says: "We're never gonna see you again!"
Darwin says: "We've gotta make every moment count!"
Gaylord says: "Ugh..."
Gaylord says: "I don't have time for this."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Gaylord says: "Because I need to make the house perfect before the buyers see it."
Gaylord says: "And also because I hate you!"
Gaylord says: "No, uh, "hate" isn't quite the right word, it's more like "despise"."
Gaylord says: "No, no, maybe "abhor"."
Gaylord says: "Yeah."
Gaylord says: "I abhor you!"
Gaylord says: "No, you know what?"
Gaylord says: "I was right the first time."
Gaylord says: "I hate you!"
Gaylord says: "You're the main reason I'm moving!"
Gumball says: "I understand."
Gumball says: "You're pushing us away so you don't have to confront the pain of leaving."
Gaylord says: "No, I'm pushing you away because I like pushing you away!"
Gumball says: "Let's remember the good times, and maybe make a few more."
A montage plays of both Gumball and Darwin taking selfies in front of Mr. Robinson.
Gaylord says: "What are you doing?"
Gaylord says: "I didn't give you permission to take photographs!"
Gumball and Darwin fall.
Gumball says: "But we've got nothing to remember you by."
Darwin says: "Not even a lock of your hair."
Gaylord says: "I'm bald!"
Gaylord says: "I'm not gonna give you my eyebrow."
Gumball says: "How about we just take this thread?"
Gaylord says: "What are you gonna do with it?"
Gumball says: "We'll take it home, cook it and eat it so you'll be a part of us forever."
Gaylord says: "You'll go home?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh!"
Gaylord says: "Then it's all yours!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball pulls thread then Mr. Robinson's nose and face get's pulled with it.
Gaylord says: "Are you done here?"
Mr. Robinson's face comes back to normal.
Gaylord says: "Just go!"
Gumball and Darwin leave while carrying the thread like a king and singing with glory.
Mr. Robinson's arm then falls off.
Gaylord says: "Oh, no!"
Gaylord says: "No no no no no!"
Mr. Robinson's body then falls apart.
Gumball takes Mr. Robinson's eyebrow then Gumball and Darwin leave singing with glory.
Gaylord says: "Ugh."
A Misunderstandable Call.
The scene flashes to Mr. Robinson blowing the leaves away.
Gaylord says: "Perfect!"
Mr. Robinson's phone then rings and answers it.
Gaylord says: "Ah!"
Gaylord says: "You're on your way, heh!"
Gaylord says: "Great!"
Gaylord says: "Great!"
Gaylord says: "Great!"
Gaylord says: "Great!"
Gaylord says: "Hahah!"
Gaylord says: "Ahahah!"
Gaylord says: "Heh!"
Mr. Robinson notices Gumball & Darwin, and then throws his phone down.
Gaylord says: "Get out of here!"
Gaylord says: "I don't want you damaging anything!"
Jeff says: "Damage?!"
Jeff says: "!"
Jeff says: "There's damage in the house?!"
Jeff says: "!"
Gaylord says: "No, no, no, no!"
Gaylord says: "There's no damage of any kind!"
Gaylord says: "Heheheh!"
Gumball says: "So, we were wondering what to do when we miss each other."
Gumball says: "Shall we choose a star that we can all watch in the same time?"
Gaylord says: "Sure!"
Gaylord says: "No problem!"
Gets off the phone.
Gaylord says: "Would you please stop asking me stupid questions, you little blood-sucker!"
Gaylord says: "?"
Jeff says: "Who ya callin' a sucker?"
Gaylord says: "WHAT?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "Ohh no!"
Gaylord says: "I didn't call you a sucker!"
Gaylord says: "No, there's a small leech problem in the garden!"
Gaylord says: "Uh, nothin' to worry about!"
Mr. Robinson is still talking on the phone.
Darwin says: "How about we swap shirts, so we can always remember each others' smell."
Darwin grabs Mr. Robinson's collar then smells it.
Mr. Robinson then throws the phone down.
Gaylord says: "I don't want your rancid stink in my house!"
Jeff screams angrily on the phone.
Gaylord says: "Ohh no, no no!"
Gaylord says: "Not you!"
Gaylord says: "I do want your smell!"
Gaylord says: "Yeah, yeah!"
Mr. Robinson is still talking on the phone.
Gumball then taps him.
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?"
Gumball says: "Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson."
Gaylord says: "Yes we can!"
Gumball taps him again.
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?"
Gaylord says: "We can have this conversation, yes!"
Gaylord says: "I'll see you as soon as you—"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?"
Mr. Robinson gets off the phone.
Gaylord says: "STOP YOUR YAPPING!"
Jeff hangs up.
Gaylord says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Gaylord says: "AArggghhh."
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?"
Gaylord says: "Whaaat?"
Gumball says: "Do you want your goodbye present now?"
Gaylord says: "Does your present involve you leaving?"
Gumball says: "Kinda, I guess."
Gumball and Darwin then leave running. Mr. Robinson then sighs in relief.
Gumball and Darwin return dancing with long, white cloths.
Gaylord says: "What is this?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gumball sings.
Gumball says: "The song's our parting gift to you!"
Darwin says: "Like we've seen people in movies do!"
Gumball says: "They're not great movies, sure, that's true!"
Gumball says: "But we'll see this through!"
Gumball says: "But there's one thing you need to know!"
Darwin says: "But there's one thing you need to know!"
Gumball says: "We'll never really let you go!"
Darwin says: "We'll never really let you go!"
Mr. Robinson then puts his hand on his face in nuisance.
Gumball says: "When you wake!"
Darwin says: "And when you sleep!"
Gumball says: "Near or far, you must believe!"
Darwin says: "Near or far, you must believe!"
Gumball says: "We'll never really let you go-ohh!"
Darwin says: "We'll never really let you go-ohh!"
Gumball says: "Hoahhh!"
Darwin says: "Hoahhh!"
Gumball says: "Mountains high and rivers deep!"
Darwin says: "We'll be there, we're yours to keep!"
Gumball says: "We're yours to keep!"
Darwin says: "We're never gonna let you to go..."
Gumball says: "We won't forget, your smile or smell!"
Gumball says: "We know them both, you know full well!"
Gumball & Darwin are still singing.
Mr. Robinson notices the Bensons' car, then he blows Gumball & Darwin away with his leaf-blower.
Gaylord says: "Glad you can make it!"
Gaylord says: "Let me show you around!"
A Sign From Above.
The scene flashes to Gumball & Darwin going back to the shrine.
Gumball says: "This is really happening, dude!"
Gumball says: "They're here, ready to sign the papers."
Gumball says: "Then we're gonna lose Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson forever!!"
Darwin says: "Oh, Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson!"
Darwin says: "If you can hear this, give us a sign!"
Darwin says: "Tell us how we can make you stay!"
Light shines on Mr. Robinson's face on the painting.
Gumball makes an impression of Mr. Robinson.
Gumball says: "Sabotage the sale!"
Gumball says: "Sabotage the sale!!"
Gumball says: "Sabotage the sale!!!"
Darwin realizes it's Gumball.
Darwin says: "Dude, you could've just told me!"
Gumball says: "Okay, sabotage the sale."
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Good idea!"
Both leave running.
Sabotaging the Sale.
Gaylord says: "Ah, I'll put some coffee on, you take your time."
Gumball says: "There's evil in that house..."
Closeup on Gumball's scarred face in which one eye is blinded.
Gumball says: "I said there's evil in that house..."
Gumball snorts and spits out, only the spit sticks to his tongue and tries numerous times to get it off. Eventually, he sucks it back in.
Gumball says: "This is as far as I'm willing to take you, you're on your own now..."
Susan says: "You didn't take us anywhere."
Gumball says: "You're on your own now!"
Jeff says: "You didn't- OK, thank you."
Gumball says: "You're on your own!"
A van passes by and Gumball dissapears, but it's then revealed that Gumball just hid behind a trashcan. The Bensons turn around and move into the house.
The scene cuts to Susan going up the stairway into a dark hallway. Susan is about to turn the light on.
Susan turns the light on, the figure then disappears. She repeats this a couple of times until she heads forward, scared. The figure Darwin quickly follows her. Susan is scared, and then looks behind and gasps to see nobody there behind her. Susan continues walking as she looks at her back and eventually turns her head around, running into Mr. Robinson.
Gaylord says: "Would you like to check out the bathroom?"
Darwin is seen in the bathroom, floating and colored in white, with big hair.
Susan says: "Maybe later..."
Mr. Robinson closes the door, Darwin then screams and gets knocked out of the window.
Gaylord says: "This is my wife Margaret, oh, don't worry, she doesn't come with the house."
Margaret groans.
Jeff says: "How safe is the neighborhood?"
Gaylord says: "We never had any problems."
Darwin says: "Put your hands where I can see them."
Darwin says: "You're going down."
Gumball says: "Nah, dog."
Gumball says: "I'll be out in thirty days to continue my crime spree, starting right here."
Darwin says: "Not on my watch, now get down on the ground!"
Darwin says: "."
Darwin says: "Hey, this is not your car."
Darwin says: "I'll charge you with grand theft auto."
Susan says: "Wow, I think the police is scarier than the criminals."
Gaylord says: "Let's take a look upstairs."
Darwin says: "I am the law!"
Mr. Robinson closes the curtains.
The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin in their room, Both with a frown as Gumball tries to hide the bump from his face till he finally hides it.
Darwin says: "Sorry, dude, but with the badge, the uniform and an unchecked sense of authority, I got a little carried away."
Gumball says: "That's not what I'm worried about, it's these buyers: they are not giving up."
Gumball says: "We need to get harder on them."
Gumball hits his hand with a fist as the bump comes back.
The Bensons open a window of the house.
The sounds of a freeway are heard.
Susan says: "Is there a freeway nearby?"
Airplane lifting sounds are heard.
Jeff says: "And an airport?"
Animal sounds can be heard.
Susan says: "And a zoo?!"
Susan says: "!"
It is revealed that Gumball and Darwin are using piano sounds to sound like there are noisy things nearby, Darwin then presses another key on the piano.
Normal music plays.
Jeff says: "And what can only be a giant elevator?"
Darwin plays fart sounds on the piano.
Susan says: "And vegetarians?!"
Susan says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Susan looks out of the window.
Susan says: "Wow, our own gates to the Underworld."
Susan says: "Didn't notice that when we came in."
A car passes by, revealing the hole to be just a painting. Gumball and Darwin high-five each other.
The scene changes to radioactive waste in the Robinsons' cupboard, Gumball and Darwin scaring them under the bed both times with Gumball and Darwin high-fiving after the Bensons leave, the hobo in the bathtub growls at them, and flies onto their frontyard. The scene cuts to Richard sleeping on the couch.
Gumball says: "DAD, QUICK, ANAIS IS TRAPPED IN THE SHED AND WE CAN'T FIND THE KEYS!"
Richard says: "I'm coming, baby!"
Richard says: "I'm coming for you!"
Jeff says: "Meh, I can live with that."
Gumball says: "Oh, what is wrong with these people!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "I mean: who would wanna live in a place like this!"
Gumball says: "?"
Susan says: "So, what do you think?"
Jeff says: "Well, their house is awful and the neighborhood is like a demilitarized zone, but their soil!"
Jeff says: "That's the reason we should take it."
The words "their soil" reverberate throughout Gumball's mind, corrupting into "there's oil".
Gumball says: "There's oil under the garden!"
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson is sitting on a fortune and he doesn't even know."
Gumball says: "But those guys are not even vegetables!"
Gumball says: "We gotta stop the sale!"
Living Under a "Fortune".
Gaylord says: "So, what do you say?"
Jeff says: "We'll take it."
Hurriedly, Gumball runs and jumps in front of Mr. Robinson's sales contract, just as Jeff writes his signature.
Gumball says: "NOOOOOO!"
Jeff ends up signing on Gumball's sweater as he falls to the ground.
Gaylord says: "What - are - you - DOING?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson, there's something you need to know."
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "and Mrs..."
Gumball says: "Ok, so maybe they are vegetables, but they're here to take advantage of you."
Gaylord says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "They don't care about the house, they only care about what's underneath it."
Gumball says: "I let them tell you why."
Susan says: "Because we need good soil to plant our children?"
Gumball says: "LIES!"
Gumball says: "They only want what's under the soil: oil."
Susan says: "That makes no sense."
Gumball runs up to Richard and takes his shovel.
Gumball says: "Or does it?"
Gumball pokes the shovel into the ground, revealing what appears to be oil.
Gaylord says: "Oil?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "We're rich!"
Gaylord says: "No sale!"
Gaylord says: "Margaret, we're staying right here."
Everyone but the Bensons starts cheering.
Susan says: "Oh, forget it."
Jeff and Susan get in their car.
Jeff says: "Are you sure, Susan?"
Jeff says: "We can always make higher offer."
Jeff says: "The soil was perfect."
Susan says: "No way, the neighbours are unbearable."
Susan says: "Anyway, who'd want it?"
Susan says: "It's covered in raw sewage."
The camera goes down and a pipe saying "Elmore City Sewage" is revealed.
Episode ends.