New Software.
An advertisement for a new Bobert operating system plays.
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "We've seen the truth."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "And the truth is the unknown."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "But the unknown can't just be about the truth."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "The truth is the unknown can only be as truthful as the truth of the unknown can be."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "And that's the truth."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "We've changed the world as we know it for the first time since the last time."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "Let me introduce a new Bobert System."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "Coupled with a new updated microchip and a new integrated AI, this operating system allows the user to enjoy a truly singular experience, giving you access to a whole new range of functionality."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "It isn't just a perfect blend of software and hardware—"
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "it's lifeware."
Fillippo Betto-Hunt says: "Bobert: let the future and the past collide to define your present."
Gumball and Darwin sit in front of the computers in the library, pointing excitedly to their screens and then to Bobert. Bobert seems confused.
Gumball says: "How can you not be excited?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert​ says: "Are you not satisfied with current version of friend?"
Gumball says: "I dunno."
Gumball says: "Are we getting a truly singular friendship experience?"
Bobert​ says: "Processing information."
Bobert​ says: "Results: indecipherable garbage."
Darwin says: "Look."
Darwin says: "You know, we'd love you just the way you are, but we feel like we could love you more if you were..."
Darwin says: "better."
Bobert​ says: "System alert!"
Bobert​ says: "Self-esteem file corrupted."
Bobert​ says: "Moving file to trash."
Bobert​ says: "System status: S-A-D."
Darwin says: "What does that stand for?"
Bobert​ says: "Sad."
Gumball says: "Aw, sorry we made you feel bad."
Gumball says: "You're great the way you are, you don't have to change a thing."
Bobert​ says: "Negative."
Bobert​ says: "It is logical that all things must change for the better."
Bobert​ says: "I want the upgrade."
Gumball and Darwin dance for a while, then stop.
Gumball says: "As long as it is your decision."
Bobert​ says: "I agree."
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Bobert plugs himself in.
Gumball says: "Oh, great, three minutes!"
The estimated time keeps changing.
Gumball says: "Two minutes!"
Gumball says: "Four seconds!"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Seventeen hours."
Up-to-date.
Seventeen hours later, Gumball and Darwin are still standing there, covered in cobwebs.
Gumball says: "Can you blow on my eyeballs?"
Gumball says: "I've been staring for too long."
Darwin blows all the webs and dust off of them. Shortly after, Bobert's upgrade is done installing.
Gumball says: "YEEES!"
Darwin says: "YEEES!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "What's new?"
Gumball says: "What can we do?"
Bobert​ says: "My screen display now has a mild three-dimensional effect."
Gumball says: "Oooh."
Darwin says: "Oooh."
Gumball says: "What else?"
Bobert​ says: "My camera has new photo filters."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Show us!"
Bobert takes a picture of them. Gumball swipes through various filters.
Gumball says: "Ah, this one gives you a swaggy haircut."
Gumball says: "This one gives you a flattering pal."
Darwin says: "Nice!"
Darwin says: "It's got a bro mode."
Gumball says: "Oh, post-workout mode."
Darwin says: "Ooh, what's the guilty pleasure filter?"
Darwin says: "That's amazing!"
Darwin says: "But there will never be a filter that replaces people's quirky individuality."
Darwin says: "Huh, what do you know?"
Darwin says: "What else can you do?"
Bobert​ says: "I have an in-built health application."
Gumball says: "How does that work?"
Bobert points two lasers at Gumball and Darwin's heads.
Bobert​ says: "Run."
Bobert starts shooting lasers at Gumball and Darwin, forcing them to run.
Gumball says: "How is this improving our health?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert​ says: "You have run three miles and burned twenty thousand calories."
Bobert​ says: "Goal achieved."
Gumball and Darwin stop running, sigh in relief and twist their bodies around, squeezing out sweat.
Darwin says: "What else is new?"
Bobert​ says: "I come with a free album download by a popular band."
Gumball says: "Make it stop!"
Gumball says: "It sounds like cheese being grated through a guitar by a bunch of rich smug old people wearing leather pants!"
Gumball says: "Ah, delete, delete!"
Bobert​ says: "Negative."
Bobert​ says: "The MP3s are embedded into my hard drive."
In the cafeteria, Gumball plugs Bobert's charger in.
Gumball says: "Just as well that you shut yourself down."
Gumball says: "All these new background apps are seriously draining your battery life."
Gumball says: "So..."
Darwin says: "Bon appétit."
Darwin says: "So, what else is new?"
Bobert​ says: "I have voice activation software."
Gumball says: "What does that do?"
Bobert​ says: "Anything you request, Gumball."
Gumball says: "'kay."
Gumball says: "Do my homework."
Bobert​ says: "Finding restaurants in your local area."
Darwin says: "Dude, you gotta pronounce your words clearly."
Darwin says: "Bobert?"
Darwin says: "Tell me how pretty I look today."
Bobert​ says: "In Japan, there are more pets than there are children."
Darwin says: "Is that my grammar?"
Gumball says: "Who knows."
Bobert​ says: "Emailing grandma list of nursing homes."
Gumball says: "Wha—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Cancel!"
Gumball says: "You can't email that to Granny Jojo!"
Bobert​ says: "Emailing Granny Jojo camel butt pictures."
Gumball says: "No, stop it!"
Gumball says: "She'll be horrified!"
Bobert​ says: "Did you say magnify?"
Bobert​ says: "Magnify pictures."
Gumball says: "No no no!"
Gumball says: "Don't send it!"
Bobert​ says: "Sending."
Darwin says: "That upgrade was useless."
Bobert​ says: "Did you say kick Leslie's butt and marry him to Alan?"
Bobert stands up and kicks Leslie's pot, then ties Alan's string to Leslie. Wedding music plays.
Bobert​ says: "I now pronounce you husband and flower."
Banana Joe says: "What?"
The school bell rings, and the students are now in gym class. Bobert jumps over an obstacle, followed by Gumball and Darwin, but he freezes in mid-air, causing the two behind him to collide. In the hallway, Gumball and Darwin meet Bobert.
Gumball says: "Oh, hey, Bobert."
Gumball says: "High-five!"
They prepare to high-five, but Bobert freezes. Gumball leans in, only to be knocked out when the robot's arm suddenly extends forward. Later, Bobert keeps freezing at other inconvenient times, such as in the bathroom, in music class, and while playing baseball, causing Leslie to be hit by the ball.
Gumball says: "Hold on, I got this."
Gumball says: "Wait, I see what's gonna happen here."
Gumball says: "I'll just go..."
Darwin says: "Good thinking, dude."
Gumball says: "And take this from—"
Gumball screams as he is sent flying by Bobert's sudden movement.
Gumball says: "Alright, we're gonna get you fixed at the store."
Darwin says: "We don't know where it is!"
Gumball says: "That's alright, we'll use Bobert Maps."
A Long Trip.
Gumball and Darwin walk the streets of Elmore, led by Bobert. They appear to be very exhausted.
Bobert​ says: "Continue straight ahead for three thousand feet."
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, man."
Gumball says: "We've been walking for two hours!"
Bobert​ says: "In twelve feet, turn down."
Gumball says: "Turn down?!"
Darwin says: "Turn down?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Darwin says: "Okay..."
They start digging down and seem to reach a sewer.
Darwin says: "Eww!"
Bobert jumps in. They come out of a toilet.
Bobert​ says: "Continue for seven thousand miles."
They cruise the ocean on a raft, then walk on a bridge.
Bobert​ says: "On the bridge, turn left."
All three of them jump off the bridge. Gumball and Darwin start screaming.
Bobert​ says: "Fall for seven meters, then stop."
Bobert​ says: "Position yourselves in the left lane."
They stop falling for a moment while they move.
Bobert​ says: "Continue."
They resume their fall and Gumball and Darwin continue to scream. Some time later, their voices can be heard from a grave, unintentionally grabbing the attention of Gary who is working nearby.
Gumball says: "Let me guess: the upgrade updated your maps."
Bobert​ says: "Make a U-turn where possible."
Gumball says: "Forget it!"
Gumball says: "Let me ask someone."
Gumball, Darwin and Bobert rise from the grave like zombies, causing Gary to scream.
Gumball says: "Excuse me, sir, where's the Bobert store?"
Gary points a finger in the store's direction.
Gumball says: "A thousand thanks, kind sir."
The Bobert Store.
They enter the store which is completly white and transparent. Every single object is white, including the employees.
Gumball says: "This store is whiter than an artic fox in a wedding dress."
An employee walks up to the three, but his body is so white it blends in perfectly with the white lobby. This is Cody.
Cody says: "Hi, I'm Cody."
Cody says: "I'll be your service specialist today."
Gumball says: "Uh, what?"
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Cody says: "That would be my behind, sir."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "What's that, then?"
Cody says: "That would be my nose, sir."
Gumball says: "And that?"
Cody says: "That's my ponytail."
Gumball says: "Ew!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe I touched a ponytail with my bare hands!"
Cody says: "Welcome to the Bobert store."
Cody says: "What can I do to heighten your experience?"
Gumball says: "Can you please downgrade our Bobert?"
Cody says: "Well, no."
Cody says: "You see, our philosophy at Bobert store is to focus on our vision on the ascent to perfection, and break away from the past."
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "It means no."
Darwin says: "But Bobert doesn't work because of your stupid upgrade!"
Cody says: "Here at the Bobert store, we like to provide a worldwide quality experience that opens on a truly synergetic—"
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah, mumble jumble blah blah whatever."
Gumball says: "Just fix him, okay?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Cody says: "Let me take a look."
Cody picks up Bobert and goes into the store room.
Cody says: "Hey, Jaden."
Jaden says: "Oh hey, Cody."
Jaden says: "Nice shirt."
Cody says: "And here we are."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, that's not our Bobert!"
Cody says: "Well, I upgraded your product."
Darwin says: "But Bobert is not a product, he's our friend."
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "He's not something you can just replace, like a—"
Gumball says: "What's new with this model?"
Darwin says: "It doesn't matter!"
Gumball says: "Y-yeah, it doesn't matter!"
Gumball says: "Where's our Bobert?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Cody says: "Oh, he's been sent to our factory with the rest of our products which were purposefully designed to fail so that you're forced—"
Cody says: "I mean—"
Cody says: "Uh, I mean—"
Cody's speech becomes muffled as he is dragged in the store room. Another employee, Jaden, is brought out to the two.
Jaden says: "Hi, I'm Jaden."
Jaden says: "I'll be your new service specialist today."
Gumball says: "Whatever."
Gumball says: "New Bobert, where's our friend?"
New Bobert says: "Launching app: "Find My Bobert."
New Bobert says: "" Bobert located."
Gumball says: "You're coming with us."
Gumball says: "Let's move, people!"
Gumball tries to leave the store, but keeps running into furniture. He eventually finds the door, and they leave riding on New Bobert's back.
Finding Bobert.
Gumball says: "You gotta admit, he's much more comfortable than the old one."
Gumball says: "Much more..."
Gumball says: "ergonomic."
Gumball says: "I mean, the old one was—"
Darwin says: "Don't."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Way faster, too."
They land near an airport. Bobert is nowhere to be seen.
Gumball says: "I don't understand, it says Bobert's right here."
Darwin says: "Yeah, we're right on top of the dial."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
New Bobert blasts off with Gumball and Darwin, following a plane. Gumballs pants are flown off from the lift off. They remain off for the rest of the next scene.