The New Student.
Outside Elmore Junior High. Inside Elmore Junior High. Gumball and Darwin are walking from the left.
Darwin says: "Why does he want to see us?"
Darwin says: "We haven't done anything, have we?"
Gumball says: "I dunno."
Gumball says: "Let me see if there's anything on your conscience."
Gumball opens Darwin's top of his head. Light is coming outside of it. As Gumball is looking inside of it, a choir plays.
Gumball says: "No, your conscience is pretty clean..."
Darwin closes his top of his head.
Gumball says: "I don't know what he wants."
Gumball says: "We're nice people, man!"
Darwin says: "But you know he always goes easier on us when we own up right away."
Gumball says: "Let me handle it."
The door of Principal Brown's office is shown, followed by its interior. Gumball and Darwin are at Principal Brown's desk.
Gumball says: "Who's the real victim here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "And while you're at it, think about this!"
Gumball says: "Who is the real culprit; the victim of your corrupt society, or the man that could've done something, but let it happen?"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh…I-I called you in because I thought you wouldn't mind showing Sarah around the school."
Gumball and Darwin look at Sarah, and Sarah awkwardly smiles.
Gumball says: "Gahh, dagnabbit man."
Gumball says: "I just wasted the best excuse material I've ever had."
Showing Sarah around the school.
Scene changes to Gumball, Darwin showing Sarah around the school.
Gumball says: "That's the library where we hide when it's gym class."
Gumball says: "That's the gym where we hide when we’re supposed to be in the library..."
Darwin says: "Don't be nervous."
Darwin says: "You'll settle in quickly enough."
Sarah says: "I'm not nervous, what makes you think I'm nervous?"
Darwin says: "The bottom of your cone is dripping."
Sarah says: "Well, it's normal to be nervous with your reputation."
Gumball says: "Our reputation?"
Sarah says: "Yeah."
Sarah says: "In my last school, all the girls ever used to talk about is how hardcore you guys are."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah?"
Cool music starts playing. Gumball and Darwin starts walking proudly.
Darwin says: "What else did they say?"
Sarah says: "Well."
Sarah says: "They said that you guys are tough, and that—"
Gumball's head begins expanding like a balloon.
Sarah says: "You have those, like, awesome adventures—"
Gumball says: "Mm."
Sarah says: "And you're always coming out on top—"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Sarah says: "They say that you don't respect the rules."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Sarah says: "And they say—"
Darwin says: "As tempted as I am to live this lie, it'll save us the guaranteed shame thing outed later on if I just tell you right now that we are absolutely not hardcore."
Gumball says: "Yeah, let's face the facts."
Gumball says: "Some meathead will hear us claim that we're hardcore, and then they'll come and kick our butts."
Gumball says: "Thanks!"
Gumball says: "But no thanks, and let's get back to the school tour."
They enter the cafeteria.
Gumball says: "This is the cafeteria, where you can have lunch."
A pair of rats fighting roll across the floor.
Gumball says: "And sometimes see a rat fight."
Hardcore Encounter.
The bell rings. Outside of the school, the boys walk.
Darwin says: "What do you think is the most beautiful: the way the sun comes out after the rain; or the first footstep in newly laid snow?"
Voice says: "So, you think you're hardcore huh?"
Gumball and Darwin look to their side, and see Carlton and Troy posing. A rock guitar riff plays.
Darwin says: "Sorry, are you talking to us?"
Carlton says: "What do you think?"
Gumball says: "I don't know, man!"
Gumball says: "There's people everywhere here."
Carlton says: "Are you getting fresh with me, dipstick?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "Look, who are you guys?"
Sarah says: "That's Carlton and Troy."
Sarah says: "They're from my old school."
Carlton says: "And we're here to see how hardcore you really are."
Sarah says: "Back off, Carlton!"
Sarah says: "You don't know who you're messing with."
Darwin says: "What part of "we're not hardcore" did you not understand?"
Carlton says: "If you're so hardcore—"
Gumball says: "We just said we weren't."
Carlton says: "Then what're you gonna do about this—"
Carlton says: "face-ache?"
Gumball says: "Absolutely nothing, dude."
Carlton says: "Sounds to me like you wanna fight, dweebazoid."
Gumball says: "Okay, I don't know what kind of movie you're living in."
Gumball says: "But I don't wanna be in it."
Carlton says: "That's right!"
Carlton says: "Walk away before it gets ugly."
Darwin says: "What do you think we're doing with our legs right now?"
Sarah says: "Guys, that was pretty stupid to provoke them like that."
Gumball says: "Uh, you were the one who was stirring the pot."
Sarah says: "You should be careful."
Sarah says: "Their father is a very important man, and they don't take kindly to people who stand up to them."
Gumball says: "Well, how do they take people who do absolutely nothing to them?"
Sarah says: "It's a bit late for that."
Darwin says: "How many times do we have to repeat this: we want nothing to do with this whole story!"
Sarah says: "You guys are crazy."
Gumball says: "No, young lady!"
Gumball says: "You're the insane one here."
Gumball says: "Walk on the other side of the street please!"
Gumball says: "Now stay at this distance for the rest of our lives!"
Gumball and Darwin walk away once more. Sarah follows them.
Sarah says: "So, are you guys gonna fight them?"
Sarah says: "'Cause I can call them, and arrange a time and a place and catering—"
Gumball says: "I can't take more of this."
He walks nearer to Sarah, causing her to move further away.
Sarah says: "And maybe a paramedic in case of injury and—"
At Home.
Gumball and Darwin eat while watching Sarah warily from out a window.
Gumball says: "This girl's trouble man."
The doorbell rings. They get it. Gumball and Darwin are greeted by Frank.
Darwin says: "Ohh, sweat shorts."
Gumball says: "What is it now?"
Frank says: "I'm Mr."
Frank says: "Kreese."
Frank says: "I teach over at Richwood High, and I heard you might have had some altercation with some of my students yesterday."
Gumball says: "Yeah, we did."
Gumball says: "They came out of nowhere, and tried to start a fight with us!"
Frank says: "Well, I just wanted to say if that situation ever happens again—"
Frank says: "YOU WILL LOSE, and THEY WILL WIN!"
Frank says: "And you'll be like "UGH!"
Frank says: "" and they'll be like "AAAH!"
Frank says: "Oooh, what's the matter?"
Frank says: "You scared little piggies!"
Frank says: "?"
Gumball says: "Uh yeah, you're a fully grown man screaming at us and if you continue I'm gonna call the police."
Frank says: "Just what I'd expect from a couple of cowards like you."
Frank says: "Whooo!"
Frank says: "Who's the hardcore one now?"
Gumball says: "Uh…you, I guess?"
Frank says: "That's right!"
Gumball says: "Let's go out the back."
They sneak up on Frank at the porch, and watch him while he continues to make taunting noises, tap his head repeatedly, and point through the window. Gumball shakes his head in disappointment.
Darwin says: "You know what the worst thing is?"
Darwin says: "This guy's a teacher."
Gumball says: "No dude."
Gumball says: "The worst thing is that this guy's got two sweaters, and he's not wearing either of them."
Another Encounter.
Gumball and Darwin walk down the street.
Gumball says: "Where do you think these guys are coming from?"
Gumball says: "They look weird."
Sarah says: "Guys!"
Sarah says: "Watch out behind you!"
Gumball says: "What does she want now?"
Darwin says: "We can't hear you!"
Sarah takes a step forward to them.
Gumball says: "Ah ah ah!"
Gumball says: "You stay right THERE!"
Gumball says: "Just speak louder."
Sarah says: "Watch out behind you!"
Gumball and Darwin turn behind them. They see Carlton and Troy posing again. The same riff plays again.
Carlton says: "So."
Carlton says: "You thought you'd mouth off to coach about being more hardcore than us."
Carlton says: "You got some nerve, you neo maxizoom dweebies."
Gumball says: "Okay, dude."
Gumball says: "First—"
Gumball says: "Firstly, that's not what happened."
Gumball says: "And secondly how did—"
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "you even know about it?"
Gumball says: "It was like two—"
Gumball says: "Ugh—"
Gumball says: "minutes ago!"
Carlton says: "Sarah told us."
They look at Sarah. She is still far away from them, and starts walking away.
Carlton says: "We're gonna crush you tomorrow at four, freakazoids!"
Gumball says: "Nooo."
Gumball says: "That's not gonna happen because we don't want anything to do with you."
Carlton says: "Well if you don't turn up, I'm just gonna have to tell my dad to level your school, and build his golf course right on top."
Gumball says: "Lalalala not listening."
Gumball says: "Don't care, and please go away."
Carlton and Troy disappear.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Gumball says: "They just disappeared!"
Darwin says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "They just climbed up that tree."
Carlton and Troy are seen trying to get up on the branch of a tree nearby.
Mr. Small's Office.
Gumball and Darwin are at Mr. Small's office.
Gumball says: "…and it's like we have to fight them at four tomorrow, or their super rich dad will bulldoze the school, and build a golf course on it."
Gumball says: "I mean, when I say it out loud, it's like the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard."
Mister Small says: "Hmmm."
Mister Small says: "Well, all I can say is…if there were to be a fight at four tomorrow, I would probably be in this office listening to loud music with the blinds closed."
Darwin says: "Wait, are you actually telling us to fight these guys?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "No no no."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "No counselor would condone such a thing."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I mean think about it: all your friends, the people who worked very hard to give you an education."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "All of this, you shouldn't fight for."
Gumball says: "…I think we'll take this further up the chain of command."
Up the Chain of Command.
This time, Gumball and Darwin are at Principal Brown's office.
Nigel Brown says: "Now, fighting is never okay."
Inside, the principal is shown bending backwards while pretending to choke someone.
Darwin says: "Has there been some kind of chemical leak today?"
Darwin says: "'Cause right now, everyone's acting like total psychos."
Nigel Brown says: "Another trick is that most shoes are opaque  so you can use it to cover his eyes effectively blinding him!"
Nigel Brown says: "Seize the advantage, spin him round, and spank him with his own footwear."
Gumball and Darwin exit his office. The principal continues talking even as they walk out.
Nigel Brown says: "BADA BANG BADA BAM BADA BING BADA BA!"
Gumball says: "What is wrong with people today?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "The teachers are nuts, Sarah keeps making things worse, he's still here."
He points to Frank making rude gestures and sounds from out a window.
Gumball says: "And I know what's gonna happen if we roll with this: we're gonna have a fight, and it's gonna look like we're losing."
Gumball says: "But then we'll win thanks to our heart or something."
Gumball says: "Then the sweater guys will respect us, and they will freeze frame with some kind of high-five mega happy ending cheese pose."
Darwin says: "You know what?"
Darwin says: "I say we dodge this to save ourselves the trouble."
Gumball says: "Absolutely!"
Penny says: "Gumball!"
Penny says: "But I know that there's nothing I can do to stop you but I thought I should try!"
Penny says: "Listen to your heart."
Penny says: "What does it say?"
Gumball's heart says: "Get a restraining order on those guys, and live happily in shame!"
Gumball says: "It says I have to fight!"
Darwin sighs. Frank then knocks on the window.
Frank says: "See you on the court, losers."
Darwin says: "What?"
Frank says: "See you on the court, losers."
The Fight.
The scene switches to a stadium full of cheering people, all including the sky drawn in the eighties retro style.
Gumball says: "I expected more of like a fight fight, not really a tennis match."
Gumball and Darwin are in a tennis court, drawn in the same way. Gumball waves to the audience.
Darwin says: "Also, this school's weird."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I can sorta see why Sarah couldn't fit in."
Carlton says: "Prepare to suffer!"
A tennis ball is thrown up in the air by Troy. He serves, and the tennis ball bounces on their side of the court before striking one of the seemingly cardboard spectators. The spectators cheer.
Gumball says: "Well."
Gumball says: "On the plus side, this should be over quick."
Frank says: "Fifteen-Love!"
The scores are put on the scoreboard. Then The Power To Fight plays along with a montage of Carlton and Troy scoring against Gumball and Darwin, who do nothing.
Carlton says: "Forehand!"
Carlton says: "Yeah!"
Carlton scores against Darwin, and Frank laughs.
Frank says: "Hahahahaha..."
Frank says: "yes."
Carlton and Troy score multiple times. He, and Troy high-five.
Carlton says: "Alright!"
Troy says: "Topspin!"
Troy serves another ball. The ball spins rapidly, and stops in mid-air, just in front of Gumball.
Sarah says: "Gumball!"
Sarah says: "If you believe in your heart, you can win this!"
Gumball touches the floating ball with his tennis racket. The ball flings the racket away, and Gumball yelps. Then Carlton and Troy continue scoring.
Carlton says: "Backhand!"
Carlton says: "Ace shot!"
Carlton says: "Forehand!"
Carlton says: "Volley!"
Frank says: "Fifteen-Love!"
Frank says: "Thirty-Love!"
Frank says: "Fourty-Love!"
Frank says: "Game!"
The audience cheers. The scores keep coming.
Frank says: "Match point!"
The audience cheers once more. Then the song stops.
Darwin says: "This is boring."
Darwin says: "B-b-b-b-b-b-boring."
Frank says: "Hmmm."
Frank says: "There's something wrong here."
Frank says: "They're planning something."
Carlton says: "But what, coach?"
Frank says: "I don't know."
Frank says: "But the best defense is attack."
Frank says: "Break him."
Carlton says: "What do you mean?"
Frank says: "I mean if an opponent cannot run, he cannot win."
Carlton says: "But there's only one point left, I think I can win—"
Frank says: "YOU DON'T THINK!"
Frank says: "You do what you're told!"
Scene shows the clouds revealing the sun. Carlton dribbles a tennis ball. He has a tear in his eye. He serves the ball, and hits it so hard that it catches fire.
Gumball says: "Hey."
Gumball says: "Dude look!"
Mr. Small's Ancient Technique.
Sarah, Mr. Small and Gumball are in a room.
Sarah says: "Is there anything you can do, sir?"
Sarah says: "He'll never be able to live his life if he doesn't finish this game."
Gumball is lying stomach-down naked, with a towel covering him.
Gumball says: "Uh-yeah, I will."
Gumball says: "I'll live just fine."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "No."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "If I don't heal you and you don't finish this fight, you will never find balance."
Gumball says: "Why does nobody ever lis—"
Gumball says: "wait, can you really heal me?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Yes."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "With this ancient technique."
He spits on both of his hands, and rubs them together. Then he reaches for Gumball's butt. Gumball jumps away, and covers his front with a towel.
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
Gumball says: "Ah gosh—"
Gumball says: "I think I'm okay now."
They Really Are Hardcore.
Gumball limps back to the tennis court. The audience gasps at him as he grabs his tennis racket.
Troy says: "We were wrong, Carlton."
Troy says: "He truly is hardcore."
There is a clap within the audience. Eventually the crowds starts clapping and cheering.
Gumball says: "How do they clap without moving?"
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "Let's just get this over with, please!"
Carlton says: "I'm sorry."
He serves another ball. The tennis ball falls on their court.
Frank says: "Game, set, and match."
Frank says: "Richwood High!"
The crowd cheers, while Gumball and Darwin shrug.
Carlton says: "Everybody, stop!"
The crowd stops cheering. Carlton walks over to Gumball.
Carlton says: "Maybe you didn't win this match."
Carlton says: "But you showed your courage, and for this, I give you not a trophy, but something much more important."
He starts untying the sweaters on him, and takes off his shirt revealing more sweaters, and another shirt on him. He takes off many layers of the same clothing until he finally reaches the last sweater under all of the layers. He hands this over to Gumball.
Carlton says: "I give you my respect."
Gumball says: "Dude, do you actually start dressing in the morning by tying a sweater around your shoulders?"
Gumball says: "And-like do you wear one as your underpants as well?"
Everyone laughs, then cheers.
Carlton says: "Come on, give me five!"
Gumball does not give him a high five. Regardless, he and everything else aside from Gumball and Darwin freeze-frame.
Gumball says: "Told you it would end like that."
Episode ends.