Yay! Adventure!
The episode opens at night time at the Wattersons' house.
Richard says: "Okay, kids!"
Richard says: "Mom will be home any minute now."
Richard says: "Have you all wrapped your birthday presents?"
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "And you, Dad, what did you get her?"
Richard says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Anais says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "How about you buy her a present?"
Richard says: "Here’s a twenty."
Richard says: "Go buy her something special—"
Richard says: "from the gas station."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "Adventure!"
Darwin says: "Adventure!"
Anais watches them leave, then facepalms.
He's Got a Spoon!
The scene cuts to the Gas Station, with Gumball and Darwin giddily running in.
Larry says: "Yah!"
Larry says: "Welcome to the Gas Station, where we never sleep, cause we're not allowed to..."
Gumball says: "Hi, mister!"
Darwin says: "Hi, mister!"
Sal Left Thumb enters the Gas Station behind the kids.
Larry says: "Can I help you?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Yeah."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Can it and hand over the cash."
Larry says: "Ha ha..."
Larry says: "What?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Don't make me use this!"
Larry says: "Oh my gosh..."
Larry says: "He’s got a spoon!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ha."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Sucker."
Security camera footage shows Sal dragging Larry out of the register area.
The Perfect Present!
Cut to Darwin and Gumball, walking towards the register, with Gumball holding a card.
Darwin says: "Show it again!"
Darwin says: "Show it again!"
Gumball says: "Okay, but it’s the last time."
Gumball says: "We have to get it back home."
Gumball holds up the card. It’s a holographic card that switches between a woman sitting in a park and an amazon standing in fire.
Darwin says: "It’s like the best gift ever!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, Mom’s gonna love it!"
Gumball and Darwin walk up to the window, where Sal is rapidly pulling money out of the register. Gumball taps on the window, startling Sal.
Gumball says: "Excuse me, sir, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Are you robbing the store?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Nah."
Sal Left Thumb says: "I’m collecting for charity!"
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
Darwin says: "Whoa!"
Gumball says: "Awesomely kind!"
Gumball says: "Which charity is it?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Bald people!"
Gumball says: "Can we help?"
Darwin says: "Can we help?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "You’re kidding, right?"
Gumball says: "We’d never joke about bald people!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ha."
Sal Left Thumb says: "All right, kids!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Just go fill up the baggie with anything valuable."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ha."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Suckers."
Security camera footage shows Gumball and Darwin running down an aisle.
Gumball says: "What could bring a smile to their little bald faces?"
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "Oooooh!"
Darwin says: "Oooooh!"
Gumball says: "Whoaaaa!"
Darwin says: "Whoaaaa!"
Gumball says: "Fake mustache!"
Darwin says: "Wigs?"
Darwin says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "A princess tiara?"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "I’m bald and I’m proud!"
Darwin says: "I’m bald and I’m proud!"
Uh Oh! The Police!
Cut back to the register, which Sal is still pulling money out of. Police sirens are suddenly heard approaching.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Uh oh!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Five-Oh!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Here comes the Po-Po!"
Gumball says: "Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Charity Man!"
Gumball says: "We’re done!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Hey, suckers."
Sal Left Thumb says: "I need you to do something for me."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "More charity work!"
Darwin says: "More charity work!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly."
Sal Left Thumb says: "You see that man?"
The Doughnut Sheriff gets out of the police car.
Sal Left Thumb says: "He will spoil the surprise if he sees me here."
Sal Left Thumb says: "I’m pretty famous in the charity business."
Gumball says: "Ohhhh."
Darwin says: "Ohhhh."
Gumball says: "I get it."
Sal Left Thumb says: "So you distract him for me."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ha ha."
Donut Sheriff says: "That’s the third burrito I’ve had, and I’m still hungry."
Gumball says: "Hi, Officer!"
Darwin says: "Hi, Officer!"
Gumball says: "How can we distract you today?"
Darwin says: "How can we distract you today?"
Donut Sheriff says: "I’m sort of looking for something that could fill me up?"
Gumball says: "Follow us!"
Darwin says: "Follow us!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Enh..."
Sal Left Thumb says: "No!"
Donut Sheriff says: "There’s a mustache on your sausage!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it’s our secret ingredient!"
Gumball and Darwin wink.
Donut Sheriff says: "I think I’ll go for something without hair."
Sal wipes sweat off and sighs in relief.
Donut Sheriff says: "Maybe some Marshmallow Heart-Stoppers?"
He picks up a box, revealing the tied up Larry. Sal gasps panicked.
Donut Sheriff says: "Nah, not enough sugar..."
He puts the box back, not noticing Larry, Sal ducks down again. The Sheriff sees a doughnut sitting in a box.
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "A doughnut!"
Donut Sheriff says: "That could fill a hole!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Just get rid of him!"
Gumball says: "You want it?"
Darwin says: "You want it?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "You really, really want it?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yeeeeeeeesssss!"
Gumball says: "Then..."
Gumball says: "Fetch!"
Gumball says: "He’s gone, Mr."
Gumball says: "Charity Man!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Great!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Good job!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Now get back to looting—"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Er, I mean, collecting for charity!"
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Now."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Let’s get back to business."
Where’s the Safe?
Sal pulls the tape off Larry’s mouth, causing him to yell in pain.
Sal Left Thumb says: "So, Mr."
Sal Left Thumb says: ""Employee of the Month", where is the safe?"
Larry says: "I won’t tell you anything!"
Larry says: "They would fire me!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Oh really?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "What would they do about this?"
Larry says: "No!"
Larry says: "Please!"
Larry says: "They’ll take it off my salary!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Whoops."
Larry says: "You heartless monster!"
Larry says: "That was twenty-five cents!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Now where is the safe?"
Larry says: "I won't tell you!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Whoops."
Larry says: "No!"
Larry says: "That was thirty-five cents!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Whoops."
Larry says: "No, wait!"
Larry says: "That was two fifty reduced from three ninety-five!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Now will you talk?"
Larry says: "Never!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Your choice."
Larry says: "Nooooo!"
Sal breaks the clock, coo-coo-ing is heard.
The Safe!
Cut back to Gumball and Darwin, who are standing in front of a stack of shampoo bottles.
Gumball says: "Look, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Shampoo!"
Darwin says: "Perfect for bald people!"
Gumball pulls out a bottle, which causes the whole display to collapse, revealing a safe.
Gumball says: "Ooh."
Darwin says: "Ooh."
Darwin says: "What’s that?"
Gumball says: "It’s a safe, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "It’s full of money!"
Gumball says: "And what do bald people need more of?"
Darwin says: "Friends?"
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "And how do you buy friends?"
Darwin says: "Uhhh..."
Gumball says: "With money!"
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "There’s a lock."
Gumball says: "What number should I try?"
Darwin says: "Um..."
Darwin says: "Two!"
Gumball says: "Nah, doesn’t work."
Darwin says: "Seven!"
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "Nine!"
Gumball says: "Nope."
Darwin says: "Well, that’s all the numbers I know!"
Darwin says: "Try two again."
Gumball says: "I guess we’ll have to use brute force!"
Happy Birthday!
Cut back to the Wattersons’ house, Nicole walks in the front door.
Richard says: "Happy Birthday!"
Anais says: "Happy Birthday!"
Nicole says: "Where are the boys?"
Richard says: "Well, I forgot your birthday, so I sent them down to the gas station to get you a present."
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Is it the birthday, or sending two kids downtown at night on their own?"
Nicole says: "Put your pants on and get in the car!"
Brute Force!
Sped up security camera footage shows Gumball and Darwin’s attempts to open the safe. They punch, kick, and whack at it with crowbars to no avail. After stopping to catch their breath, they start hitting it more, then try ramming a pair of shopping carts into it, with no luck.
Gumball says: "We’re never gonna crack it."
Safe Lock says: "You know, you only have to ask nicely."
Gumball says: "Please?"
Darwin says: "Please?"
The safe opens up, revealing piles of money. Gumball and Darwin get starry-eyed.
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
Darwin says: "Whoa!"
He’s Got a Spoon! Again!
Richard, Nicole and Anais are walking into the Gas Station.
Nicole says: "I can’t believe you sent the kids to the gas station at this hour."
Richard says: "Come on, honey."
Richard says: "What’s the worst that could happen?"
The three get shocked as they walk into the Gas Station and see the tied up Larry.
Richard says: "Hey."
Richard says: "He’s got a spoon!"
Richard runs around screaming, then crashes into the shelf next to Larry and is knocked out, Anais and Nicole facepalm.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ha!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Sucker."
Not a Good Guy.
Gumball and Darwin are making their way back with a bag of money.
Gumball says: "Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Charity Man!"
Gumball says: "We’ve got money for the—"
Gumball and Darwin see Richard, Nicole, and Anais tied up.
Gumball says: "Bald..."
Gumball says: "Hi Mom!"
Gumball says: "Hi Dad!"
Gumball says: "Why are you tied up?"
Nicole and Richard talk, but are muffled by the tape across their mouths.
Gumball says: "Ohhh."
Gumball says: "He’s not really a good guy, is he?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Oh, come on!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "You really are suckers!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Now gimme the money!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme that bag right now!"
Security Camera footage shows Sal running down an aisle after Gumball and Darwin, whom he soon catches up with.
Sal Left Thumb says: "OW!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "That sausage was frozen!"
Gumball and Darwin race off again, with Sal in pursuit. They eventually grab a bikini bottom and a tire, setting the bikini bottom as a slingshot to fire the tire at Sal, running him over. This only seems to make him angrier, however. Gumball and Darwin scream and run off once more.
Richard Does Something.
Back at the entrance, Nicole, Richard and Anais are still tied up.
Nicole says: "Richard, do something."
Richard says: "Ha ha!"
Richard swallows the tape, then tips himself over and starts crawling across the floor, only to stop and start licking the mustached sausage. He throws a wink back to Nicole. Nicole sighs.
The Syrup Trap.
Gumball is squeezing a bottle of maple syrup onto the floor.
Gumball says: "Don’t worry."
Gumball says: "I’ve covered his approach with maple syrup."
Darwin says: "And I covered our way out!"
Camera zooms out to reveal two puddles of maple syrup, trapping Gumball between them.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "How am I supposed to escape?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Watch out!"
Darwin says: "He’s coming!"
Sal is seen running towards them. Gumball screams and tries to run, but gets stuck in the puddle of syrup. Sal Left Thumb gets stuck in the other one. They begin to grunt and step across the puddles, with Gumball trying to escape and Sal trying to grab him.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gotcha—"
With a pop, Gumball is suddenly free and runwalks away.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Huh?"
Nicole Has to Do Everything Herself.
Back at the entrance, Richard is still licking the sausage, Nicole gives an exasperated groan.
Nicole says: "Why do I have to do everything myself?"
Taking matters into her own hands, Nicole scoots a bit to the left, triggering an ice cream machine to squirt ice cream on her ropes. She then scootches over to Richard, who pulls away from the hot dog, smelling the ice cream.
Richard says: "Ahh!"
Richard says: "Ice cream!"
Up, Up, and Away!
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "That!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Money!"
Gumball grabs a helium tank from a shelf.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Or I’ll tear it out of your sorry little hands!"
Gumball and Darwin run past unnoticed and grab a funnel.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Come on."
Sal Left Thumb says: "You know I’ll find yas."
Gumball and Darwin grab helmets.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Where are yas?"
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "Try and catch us now!"
Sal screams in anger and frustration, then kicks some baskets off a nearby push cart and hops on, using it as a vehicle of his own. A chase begins throughout the store.
Darwin says: "Faster!"
Sal speeds up even more.
Gumball says: "He’s gaining on us!"
Gumball says: "We need to go faster!"
Darwin says: "Is this fast enough?"
Gumball says: "Yeaaaaaaaaah!"
The air tank goes out of control, and Sal can only watch it fly away. As he does, he fails to watch where he’s going and crashes into a wall. The air tank flies completely out of control, with Gumball and Darwin hanging on for dear life. They crash through a display of cans, but remain on the air tank.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "We made it!"
Darwin says: "We made it!"
Gumball says: "Ha ha ha ha—"
Darwin says: "Ha ha ha ha—"
Gumball says: "Oh..."
They end up crashing into a wall themselves.
Mistaken Identity.
Gumball and Darwin are left laying on a pile of goods, with a can falling on Gumball’s head. Sal approachs, and the two gasp.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Game over suckers."
Sal Left Thumb says: "No—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Gimme!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "All right, you’ve asked for this!"
Darwin says: "Oh my gosh!"
Darwin says: "He’s got a spoon!"
Gumball says: "Such violence..."
Gumball and Darwin faint, Sal grabs the moneybag.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Heh heh..."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ya suckers—"
Sal suddenly gets hit from behind, and falls over, revealing Nicole brandishing the sausage.
Nicole says: "Stop calling my kids "suckers", please."
Donut Sheriff says: "Drop the sausage, lady!"
Nicole says: "Oh, come on, it wasn’t me, it was the finger—"
Camera points to Sal, who now looks like nothing more than a large fingerprint on the floor.
Nicole says: "Print..."
Nicole says: "guy..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Tell that to the judge, lady."
Who's the Sucker Now?
The scene fades to Nicole sitting in a cell. Her depressed look, however, instantly changes when she hears the family.
Gumball says: "Happy birthday, Mom!"
Darwin and Anais says: "Happy birthday, Mom!"
Gumball says: "You’re the coolest mom ever!"
Darwin and Anais says: "You’re the coolest mom ever!"
Gumball says: "We love you, Mom!"
Darwin and Anais says: "We love you, Mom!"
Nicole looks close to tears.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay lady, you’re in the clear!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Sucker!"
Donut Sheriff says: "All right, lady."
Donut Sheriff says: "Give me five minutes to do the paperwork and you’ll be outta here."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Richard says: "Yay!"
Sal has a very nervous look on his face as the episode ends.