Number One Handsome Boy.
The episode starts with Gumball walking down a school hallway. Darwin peers around the corner behind him.
Darwin says: "Psst!"
Darwin says: "I need to talk to you about the pants."
Gumball says: "Well, come closer, then."
Darwin says: "No, thanks."
Darwin says: "I don't want to get contaminated by your buffoonery."
The camera zooms out to reveal Gumball wearing oversized, baggy pants.
Gumball says: "What's wrong with my pants?"
Darwin says: "Dude, it looks like a gnome is carrying you on his shoulders."
Gumball says: "Look who's talking."
Gumball says: "Have you seen your sandals?"
The camera pans down on Darwin, revealing leather, heavily-strapped sandals.
Gumball says: "You look like you're about to walk on water."
Darwin says: "Well, you look like you prolapsed your whole digestive system!"
Gumball says: "You look like a Visigoth tourist!"
Darwin says: "You look like you're wearing the back-end of a horse costume!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, well you look like this!"
Gumball rotates his hand between a thumbs up and thumbs down. He pauses briefly with his thumb pointed up with a sharp inhale, but quickly reverts to a thumbs down and a raspberry.
Darwin says: "Hey, dude, only one guy can judge me."
Darwin says: "Leslie!"
Darwin says: "If there was a fashion police, he'd be the town sheriff, only more fabulous."
Gumball says: "Are you pointing at that broken accordion on a pile of trash?"
Cut to a shot of a broken accordion on a pile of trash.
Darwin says: "Sorry, it's hard to tell what's what since his high-fashion phase."
A sequence plays showing Leslie walking down the school hallways in increasingly cutting-edge fashion set to catwalk music.
Paparazzi, twist and bop.
Uh, head shot, body shot.
Looking nasty, turn and smile.
Catwalk beauty, catwalk beauty.
Beauty, fashion.
Cut back to Gumball and Darwin in the hallway.
Gumball says: "Yeah, fair enough."
Gumball says: "Where is he, though?"
Darwin says: "Come to think of it, I haven't seen him in weeks."
Darwin says: "Wait, what is that?"
Gumball and Darwin see a pile of petals on the floor. Gumball picks one up.
Gumball says: "Hmm, petals."
Gumball says: "It's a clue."
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "Think about it—"
Gumball says: "what has petals?"
Gumball says: "Flowers."
Gumball says: "What is made of flour?"
Gumball says: "Bread."
Gumball says: "Who eats bread?"
Gumball says: "Everyone, apart from people who can't eat gluten."
Gumball says: "Who doesn't eat gluten?"
Gumball says: "People on a made-up diet."
Gumball says: "What kind of people are usually on fad diets?"
Gumball says: "Drama queens."
Gumball says: "Who are usually drama queens?"
Gumball says: "Actors."
Gumball says: "And what do actors do in real life?"
Gumball says: "They work as waiters in the food industry."
Gumball says: "And where do they lie about not working in the food industry?"
Gumball says: "In their dressing rooms."
Gumball opens the door to the school theater's backstage dressing room. Inside, Leslie is sobbing and turned away from them.
Darwin says: "Huh!"
Darwin says: "You were right!"
Gumball says: "You said that like it was a surprise."
Gumball says: "Hey dude, could you help us decide on which one of us looks worse?"
Gumball pokes Leslie's back, causing him to turn around and reveal a horrific face to a dramatic sting. Gumball and Darwin react with shock.
Darwin says: "Question answered!"
Gumball says: "Dude, what in the ever-loving what happened to your face?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Leslie​​​ says: "My beauty..."
Leslie​​​ says: "it's fading."
Darwin says: "It's not that bad."
Darwin says: "I mean, if I just squint—"
Darwin says: "Oh wait, no, that's still pretty bad."
Darwin says: "But if just  See?"
Darwin says: "That's better."
Gumball says: "You see, true beauty is found on the inside."
Gumball says: "Your personality."
Leslie​​​ says: "Good-looking people don't need a personality!"
Leslie​​​ says: "Personalities were invented by ugly people to make up for what they lack on the outside!"
Gumball says: "But you can't spell "beautiful" without "B-U."
Leslie​​​ says: "And you can't spell "hideous" without "hide" which is what I'm doing!"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "We'll help you get pretty again."
Leslie​​​ says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "It's just..."
Darwin says: "your face!"
Gumball says: "Let's start with accessories."
Gumball says: "Hopefully it will distract from the..."
Gumball says: "everything."
Leslie​​​ says: "Is that why you carry Darwin everywhere you go?"
Leslie​​​ says: "Mm-mm!"
Gumball says: "You know, when you're pretty and you say something mean, people think you're sassy."
Gumball says: "But with a face like that, people think you're sasquatch."
Gumball says: "Now come on."
Gumball says: "Accessorize."
Leslie takes the box of accessories. Time lapse to Leslie wearing all of the clothes and a hat that was in the box. He then puts sunglasses on and faces Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "It looks like the ugly tree and the Christmas tree had a baby and let him dress itself for school."
Gumball says: "So, yeah!"
Gumball says: "Definitely an improvement."
Leslie starts to suffocate.
Gumball says: "Look, he's speechless."
Leslie falls to the ground.
Darwin says: "Wow!"
Darwin says: "He fainted from happiness!"
Gumball says: "Now he's having spasms of satisfaction!"
Leslie is still suffocating. Gumball and Darwin become worried.
Gumball says: "Uh, Leslie?"
Gumball says: "Is something wrong?"
Leslie​​​ says: "I can't.."
Leslie​​​ says: "photosynthesize..."
Gumball says: "Is that when you store all your photos in a cloud or..."
Leslie​​​ says: "I can't breathe!"
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Darwin says: "Give him CPR!"
Gumball says: "Uh, okay o—"
Gumball quickly takes off some of Leslie's clothes to try and give him CPR, but backs off in disgust.
Gumball says: "Ugh, I can't, he's so ugly."
Darwin, impatient, pushes Gumball's head down. After a moment, they stop, out of breath.
Leslie​​​ says: "Who told you..."
Leslie​​​ says: "to stop..."
Gumball says: "Nononono—"
Gumball says: "NOOOOOOOO—"
The Cheerleader Effect.
Scene cuts to a long shot of the stadium, then zooms to Gumball, Darwin and Leslie.
Gumball says: "Okay, so you know about the Cheerleader Effect, right?"
Leslie​​​ says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "It's an optical mind trick."
Gumball says: "When girls hang out in groups, they look prettier."
The Cheerleader group says: "Go Elmore, Go!"
Molly, Carmen and Teri turn around, one at a time. Each time, their faces are replaced by beautiful, live-action ones.
Gumball says: "Come on, let's try it."
Gumball says: "Hey Penny!"
Penny says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "How do we look?"
Penny says: "Ah, you're going for the Cheerleader Effect right?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Penny says: "Sorry, but for boys it's the opposite."
Penny says: "We call it the Frat-guy Effect, make you look like medieval pillaging creeps."
Gumball says: "But would you still love me if I looked like this?"
Penny says: "Yeah, you'd still be the shining sun of my life."
Gumball says: "Aww!"
Penny says: "Impossible to live without,  but it would really hurt my eyes to look at you directly."
Gumball says: "What about now?"
Penny says: "Much better."
Leslie​​​ says: "Well what about my face?"
Darwin says: "Well, it's like, you know when a movie comes out and you say, "The sequel can't possibly be worse!"
Darwin says: "" then it is?"
Darwin says: "Well, it's like the tenth movie."
My Eyes!
The scene cuts to Leslie sobbing on a bench in the park, while Gumball and Darwin sit next to him. He looks up, revealing an even more hideous face.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "How is that possible?"
Gumball says: "You look even uglier than a second ago."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "His condition's deteriorating!"
Gumball says: "Maybe you can try and..."
Gumball says: "own it?"
Leslie​​​ says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "You know, like our Grandpa Louie!"
Gumball says: "He never lets his age get in the way of stripping off for his life-drawing classes!"
Gumball says: "And he doesn't even care when the teacher body-shames him by saying, "There's no need to get naked when you're the one doing the drawing."
Darwin says: "He's right."
Darwin says: "If you got it,  flaunt it."
Leslie​​​ says: "Hmm..."
Time lapse to Leslie, who is handcuffed on the back of a police car with his exposed roots censored. Spectators stare at Leslie in horror whilst Gumball and Darwin are cringing.
Gumball says: "You..."
Gumball says: "may have flaunted it too much."
Camera pans to Doughnut Sheriff, who is pouring water onto his unblinking eyes.
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh my gosh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "My eyes, my eyes!!"
At the Mall.
Scene cuts to the mall. Gumball is putting some moisturizer on Leslie's face.
Leslie​​​​ says: "Mmm."
Leslie​​​​ says: "What's that you're using?"
Gumball says: "A moisturizer."
Gumball says: "It may help lift the asymmetrical drooping side of your face."
Gumball says: "I guess we'll just have to wait for the opposite side to collapse instead."
Leslie​​​​ says: "Hmm."
Leslie​​​​ says: "What's in it?"
Gumball says: "Uh, Aloe Vera?"
Leslie​​​​ says: "ALOE VERA?!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "Are you insane?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Leslie​​​​ says: "It's made of cactus, that's like rubbing the undead remains of your cousins on your face!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "NONE of that stuff is made for use on plants!"
Darwin says: "Yet!"
Darwin says: "Gentlemen, it's time for science."
Darwin says: "EUREKA!!!!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Nothing."
Darwin says: "Normally when people do all that stuff and shout "Eureka" they get the answer."
Darwin says: "I just thought that was the formula for science."
Gumball grabs a gardening book and eats a part of it.
Leslie​​​​ says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Eating this gardening book to absorb its knowledge."
Leslie​​​​ says: "Ugh!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "Gimme that!"
Gumball says: "You gimme that!"
Gumball says: "Wait, what were you gonna do with it?"
Leslie​​​​ says: "Read it!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, well that's exactly what I was gonna do, so pffff."
Gumball says: "Got it!"
Gumball says: "You need more sun."
Sunlight.
On the roof of the school, Leslie lays out on a reclining lawn chair as Gumball and Darwin spectate. The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
The scene cuts back to Leslie, who now has a tanning mirror. It cuts to Gumball and Darwin again.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
The scene cuts back to Leslie a third time, now surrounded by mirrors, while Gumball watches on with satisfaction. However, the amount of light shining on Leslie causes him to burst into flame and scream. Darwin frantically runs off to get a bucket of water, but before he can throw it upon Leslie, Gumball halts him.
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Maybe the fire will improve his face."
It does not, and Leslie is left severely burnt. Gumball hums and flips through the gardening book nonchalantly.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "It says here that you might need more water."
Darwin splashes Leslie with the bucket of water, knocking him backwards. They all look at each other in silence for a second.
Gumball says: "Maybe a little more?"
In the school hallway, Gumball and Darwin put a fire hose in Leslie's pot and turn it on, causing Leslie to swell up.
Leslie​​​ says: "How do I look?"
Darwin says: "Like a bullfrog that got a face transplant from a grilled cheese sandwich?"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "It says here that the problem might be caused by a parasite."
Fertilizer.
The scene cuts to a gardening store. Gumball and Darwin spray Leslie with fertilizer, causing him to suffocate.
Leslie​​​ says: "Wait!"
He puts his leaves over his face, and when he lifts them, discovers that he has become more handsome.
Leslie​​​ says: "I'm beautiful."
Leslie​​​ says: "Wait!"
Leslie​​​ says: "I'm more beautiful than I've ever been!"
The camera pans out, revealing Leslie's rippling pecks as his leaves undulate in the wind.
Leslie​​​ says: "Look at me, world, and gag upon my eleganza!"
Leslie laughs diabolically, but the scene reveals itself to be a fertilizer-adled hallucination as he lies on the floor giggling, no less hideous. Gumball and Darwin look at him with disgust and spray him one more time, causing him to pass out.
A Very Simple Solution.
Cut to Leslie on a couch at Elmore Mall, with Gumball, Darwin, and Pantsbully who is operating a hot dog vendor staring at him.