Hot Day.
Scene starts at the Wattersons' house.
Kip Schlezinger says: "…and today we'll see record-high temperatures in Elmore with a sweltering one hundred twenty degrees Fahrenheit."
Kip Schlezinger says: "I guess the term is no longer global warming: it's global burning."
Gumball and Darwin are at the couch, dehydrated. Gumball is wearing only his underwear.
Gumball says: "Dude, it's so hot that I'm sweating the sweat out."
Darwin says: "I don't have sweat glands, give me some!"
Darwin grabs Gumball, and squeezes him like a towel. He uses Gumball's sweat to nourish himself.
Darwin says: "Ah."
Darwin says: "That's better."
Darwin says: "Gross, but better."
He puts Gumball down. Gumball still twisted like a towel spins around. Then they hear the ice cream jingle out in the street.
Gumball says: "Ice cream truck!"
Darwin says: "Ice cream truck!"
Ice Cream!
Gumball and Darwin run through the streets, towards the ice  cream truck. By now, Gumball has his outdoor clothes put on. Gumball struggles.
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Darwin says: "It's not gonna be there for long."
Gumball says: "But I have no shoes."
Gumball says: "I'm losing an inch with every step!"
Gumball is about to run across a street to the ice cream truck. The streetlight turns to stop. Darwin grabs Gumball's tail, and unintentionally pulls his head through his tail.
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball replaces his head back on his body. They see a line at the ice cream truck.
Masami says: "Just one, please."
Larry says: "Here you go."
Masami says: "Thanks!"
Masami says: "Ugh!"
Masami says: "Brain freeze!"
Masami starts to snow. Behind her, Idaho tastes her snow, but it tastes bad and he spits the snow out. Gumball tries pressing a button on the streetlight to switch it from stop to go.
Gumball says: "Come on, come on!"
Darwin says: "Do something, I'm melting here."
Gumball says: "Oh, come on."
Gumball says: "Don't exaggerate..."
Darwin melts.
Billy says: "One ice cream please, good sir."
Larry says: "Since you're such a polite boy and you guys are my last customers, this one's on the house."
He gives Billy an ice cream.
Billy says: "Mother, is it not ironic we get free food when clearly we could afford to pay for it?"
Billy and his mother laugh. Gumball gapes at them.
Gumball says: "That's it, I'm crossing!"
As soon as Gumball sets foot on the street, the Doughnut Sheriff arrives in his car, and steps out. He holds his hand as if holding a handgun.
Donut Sheriff says: "Freeze, you hoodlums!"
Gumball says: "What for?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Jaywalking."
Gumball says: "Aw."
Gumball says: "Give us a break, man!"
Gumball says: "We just wanted an ice cream."
The ice cream truck leaves. Gumball and Darwin are dismayed.
Donut Sheriff says: "I don't care!"
Donut Sheriff says: "You're getting a ticket."
Gumball says: "Aw man."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm sorry."
Donut Sheriff says: "But that's the law, kid."
Donut Sheriff says: "Crime is a slippery slope."
Donut Sheriff says: "If I turn a blind eye on the smallest misdemeanor, before you know, it the whole society falls apart."
Donut Sheriff says: "Especially in this heat."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Well, I understand you're a cop, I mean it's obviously not your job to be cool."
Donut Sheriff says: "What do you mean "not cool"?"
Donut Sheriff says: "All kids think cops are cool."
Darwin says: "Not really."
Gumball says: "Yeah, we're more into privileged rap stars who pretend to be hardcore."
Donut Sheriff says: "That is ridiculous."
Donut Sheriff says: "Cops are cool!"
Donut Sheriff says: "That's what I wanted to be when I was a kid."
Gumball and Darwin suck in their breath. The sheriff opens the door of his car.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay, get in the car."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'll show you."
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Donut Sheriff says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "We're just pretending to be handcuffed."
Gumball says: "Sorry, I just don't want anyone to think we're friends with you."
They walk towards the car.
Gumball says: "I WANT MY PHONE CALL!"
Gumball says: "Do you mind pushing my head down?"
Gumball says: "THERE'S NO JAIL THAT CAN HOLD ME!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Just get in."
Then the sheriff drives away.
Billy says: "Mother, you think it could be the heat that drove those two poor urchins to crime?"
Felicity says: "No dear, it's public school."
Riding With the Sheriff.
Darwin says: "Dude, can you scratch my nose?"
Gumball scratches Darwin with his foot.
Donut Sheriff says: "You're not handcuffed, and he doesn't have a nose."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah right."
Gumball says: "Uh  So, what's so cool about being a cop?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Well..."
Donut Sheriff says: "I file a lot of reports; I write parking tickets; I stop for lunch; I give some people directions; I file some more reports; I write some parking tickets; I make a report on all the reports I've filed."
Gumball and Darwin jump out of the car. The sheriff stops driving.
Gumball says: "Sorry, you were so boring and we thought the car was moving and uh… I didn't expect to have to explain this."
Gumball says: "Uh please continue."
Donut Sheriff says: "Help me out here, guys!"
Donut Sheriff says: "What do I have to do to prove to you that cops are cool?"
Mischief.
Still in the police car, the Doughnut Sheriff and the boys hide in an alley. Jackie Wilson passes by, and notices something on the ground. As she bends down to pick it over, the sheriff blasts his car's siren, scaring Jackie out of her shoes and making her jump sky high literally. Gumball, Darwin, and the sheriff laugh.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "It's not that hard having a good time."
He is interrupted by Mr. Small falling on the car's hood.
Gumball says: "Oh shoot!"
Gumball says: "They're coming back down."
Gumball says: "Lets bail!"
More people fall down as the sheriff drives away from the alley. He passes by some boxes.
Gumball says: "Oh wait!"
Gumball says: "You forgot to drive through the boxes."
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh yeah."
Donut Sheriff says: "I always wanted to do that."
He drives through them, and continues out into the road. Gumball, Darwin laugh along with him.
Gumball says: "So, what other cool stuff can you do?"
Donut Sheriff says: "I can commandeer any vehicle I want."
Gumball says: "Any… vehicle?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Anything."
Scene shows him with Gumball and Darwin riding a kiddy ride rocket.
Gumball says: "Eh I can't complain."
Gumball says: "It is a spaceship."
Donut Sheriff says: "I can make it more interesting."
Darwin says: "How?"
The sheriff pulls out a taser, and tasers the ride. The kiddy rocket suddenly goes wild, and swings to and fro rapidly.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh!"
Gumball says: "Oh, it hurts!"
The ride comes to a halt. Gumball's face is physically blurred and distorted. The sheriff laughs while Gumball catches his breath. Then Rosie walks by them.
Rosie says: "Wussies."
Things a Taser Can Do.
Darwin says: "Wow, I forgot you guys had those."
Darwin says: "What else can you do with them?"
A montage of him using his taser on various objects including Bobert starts. First, the sheriff uses it on a soda machine, and gets free soda. After they get their soda, the machine malfunctions and starts shooting soda cans. Next, the sheriff uses his taser on Bobert, making him dance. He then uses it on a provocation, only to set it on fire. Later on, the sheriff accidentally activates Bobert's combat mode, and Bobert starts attacking Gumball and Darwin. The Doughnut Sheriff uses it on more things, even on another taser.
Just Getting Started.
The Parhams cross a road. Then they jump back to the pavement as the sheriff in his car; sirens ablaze; abruptly passes by.
Felicity says: "Look Billy, Elmore's finest risking their lives to protect our freedom."
She and Billy salute to the sheriff.
Gumball says: "That's the sound of law enforcement!"
Darwin says: "That's the sound of law enforcement!"
Gumball says: "That's the sound of law enforcement!"
Darwin says: "That's the sound of law enforcement!"
Gumball says: "Oh man, I take it all back."
Gumball says: "Cops are cool!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, that was really fun."
Donut Sheriff says: "'Was'?"
Donut Sheriff says: "What do you mean 'was'?"
Donut Sheriff says: "WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!"
He starts driving around in circles while laughing maniacally. In the process, he displaces a fire hydrant and bumps into a pole.
Donut Sheriff says: "Did you see that?"
Gumball says: "Dude, look at your car!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Ohhh."
Donut Sheriff says: "That's not a problem…for a COP!"
The sheriff gets out of his car and blocks another incoming car. He shows his badge.
Donut Sheriff says: "Stop!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I commandeer this vehicle."
Blue Elephant, the driver of the vehicle stops. When he unbuckles his seatbelt, he flies through the front window and through the Doughnut Sheriff's mouth.
Donut Sheriff says: "And that sir, is exactly why you need to wear a seatbelt."
Donut Sheriff says: "Come on guys, get in the car!"
Donut Sheriff says: "In the name of the law, GET IN THE CAR!"
Nervously, Gumball and Darwin get inside. Then they drive off, leaving the old elephant behind.
Blue Elephant says: "Help, police!"
The sheriff drives back, accidentally sending the elderly elephant flying offscreen.
Donut Sheriff says: "Eh, false alarm."
He drives off again.
Blue Elephant says: "Help, ambulance!"
Road Rampage and Chaos.
The Doughnut Sheriff speeds through the road while Gumball and Darwin scream. He laughs maniacally again, and ignores a red traffic light.
Gumball says: "It's red!"
Gumball says: "It's red!"
Gumball says: "IT'S RED!"
Two cars bump into each other. The Sheriff begins to drive off the road, barely hitting pedestrians in the way. Gumball and Darwin start panicking.
Darwin says: "I don't want to be a buzzkill but uh, isn't all this a bit too much?"
Gumball says: "I think what Darwin is politely trying to say is, HAVE YOU LOST YOUR GOSHDARN MIND!"
Gumball says: "?"
He drives through some mailboxes. Fortunately, none are hit.
Donut Sheriff says: "Darn."
Donut Sheriff says: "I missed every single one of them."
He reverses the car, mowing through them in a straight line. He drives on the road again.
Gumball says: "Dude, I know you just want to show you're cool."
Gumball says: "But where's the limit?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The sheriff ignores a speed limit sign telling him to go at fifty mph. Due to his high speed, the signpost twists, and falls over.
Gumball says: "I mean, why not drive with your eyes closed, and your hands in the air too?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Ah, great idea!"
Gumball then screams.
Donut Sheriff says: "Whoohoo!"
He drives on the wrong lane, and barely hits other cars and people going the opposite direction.
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "NO!"
Darwin says: "He was trying to use reverse psychology!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Did someone say reverse?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
The sheriff reverses the car, and drives backwards. The car flies off a speed bump, and a speed camera takes a snapshot of the car's bottom. They continue driving, no longer reversed. Gumball takes his paws with claws stuck on the dashboard off it.
Gumball says: "Please I'm begging you."
Gumball says: "Someone's gonna get hurt unless you stop breaking the law!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Don't worry kid, nothing can happen."
Donut Sheriff says: "I am the law!"
He speeds up the car. Then spotting a baby carriage and the Crocodile Woman in the middle of the road, he steps on the brakes and screeches to a halt. The car stops in time, but bumps the carriage. This sends a piece of trash flying from the baby stroller.
Gumball says: "Oh, thank gosh it's the old stroller-full-of-trash trick."
The piece of trash hits a live baby in another stroller from a distance, making it cry.
Police Station.
Scene switches to the Elmore police station as the Chicken Bucket reprimands the Doughnut Sheriff, Gumball and Darwin.
Chicken Bucket says: "Misuse of your police siren, unlawful discharge of your weapon!"
Chicken Bucket says: "Absolute disregard for traffic regulation, grand theft auto, assault with a motorized vehicle!"
Chicken Bucket says: "BABY BASHING!"
Chicken Bucket says: "?"
Chicken Bucket says: "My sand castle's got a jelly moat here, and there's no one to scoop out the dice!"
Chicken Bucket says: "I'm blowing a foghorn, but the only thing coming out of it is hot foam!"
Chicken Bucket says: "AM I MAKING MYSELF CLEAR!"
Chicken Bucket says: "?"
Gumball says: "Nnnnnnn-not really."
Chicken Bucket says: "I'm taking your badges."
Darwin says: "We don't work for the police."
Chicken Bucket says: "Oh."
Chicken Bucket says: "Then I'm taking your badge."
Chicken Bucket says: "YOU'RE FIRED!"
Felicity's Dark Side.
Gumball, Darwin and the sheriff sit on a bench by the road. Across them is the ice cream truck again, with Felicity and Billy both with ice creams.
Donut Sheriff says: "What is wrong with me?"
Gumball says: "Don't blame yourself, man."
Gumball says: "Maybe it was the heat."
Darwin says: "By 'heat', you mean 'you', Gumball."
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "You're the one who said he was about as cool as world music."
Darwin starts blushing.
Darwin says: "I did."
Donut Sheriff says: "That's alright kid, it's true."
Gumball says: "No it isn't!"
Gumball says: "But who will protect our freedom?"
Gumball says: "-that society doesn't fall apart?"
Gumball says: "Who will keep the streets safe for every man, woman, and child?"
Gumball says: "Who will make sure that we never lose control of our destiny?"
Gumball says: "You need to get your job back."
Donut Sheriff says: "No."
Donut Sheriff says: "I don't have it in me."
Gumball says: "Well, what if someone were to…jaywalk?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Eh, wouldn't matter."
Gumball says: "Wouldn't it?"
Gumball says: "I remember a certain pastry who once told me that if one turns a blind eye on the smallest misdemeanor, before you know it the whole of society falls apart!"
Once Gumball sets one toe on the road, Felicity loses it.
Felicity says: "Really?"
Felicity says: "Jaywalking right in front of the police?!"
Felicity says: "!"
Felicity says: "Isn't there any law left in this town!"
Felicity says: "?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Felicity says: "Well if that's the way it is, why should I pay for this ice cream, huh?"
Felicity says: "Why don't I just help myself!"
Felicity says: "?"
Felicity says: "Why don't I just take the whole darn truck!"
She jumps into the truck, and beats up Larry. Then after throwing him out, she drives away.
Felicity says: "WHY DON'T I JUST UPSET WHO I LIKE!"
Felicity says: "?"
Gumball says: "Well, that got out of hand quickly."
More Road Rampage.
Felicity rams through the park gates.
Felicity says: "I mean since there's obviously no law in this town, why don't I take a nice drive right through the park!"
Felicity says: "Why don't I just keep on driving UNTIL I RUN SOMEONE OVER!"
Jackie and Harold jump out of her way. Gumball, Darwin and the Doughnut Sheriff chase after her.
Gumball says: "We need a vehicle."
Darwin says: "There!"
The scene switches to the Doughnut Sheriff on the stroller being pushed by Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Is this really the best you can do!"
Gumball says: "?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Just step on it."
Donut Sheriff says: "Put the siren on."
Felicity says: "COMPLETE DISREGARD FOR EVERYONE'S HEALTH AND SAFETY!"
Felicity says: "Why don't I just-!"
The sheriff is catching up to her. Darwin continues imitating a police siren as they continue pursuing her.
Felicity says: "GET OUT OF THE WAY, DOUGHBOY!"
Gumball says: "Watch out!"
Tony says: "No!"
Tony says: "I've had it with people using their strollers like weapons to push people out of their way!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Pull over!"
Felicity says: "-about my disregard for Mother Nature!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Pull over lady!"
They both separate as a tree comes in their way. Felicity speeds up.
Donut Sheriff says: "She's headed for the gate!"
They both exit the park, with the sheriff and the boys smashing through one side of the gate.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay."
Donut Sheriff says: "She asked for it."
Donut Sheriff says: "Get behind her!"
They get the sheriff behind the truck, and they execute the PIT maneuver. The truck screeches to its side, and rolls repeatedly over until coming to a stop in front of the police station. All its ice cream spills out, attracting the Chicken Bucket.
Chicken Bucket says: "Wicked!"
Chicken Bucket says: "Ice cream truck."
Donut Sheriff says: "Commissioner, look out!"
Felicity comes out, and holds the Chicken Bucket at ice cream cone-point, threatening to use deadly force with it.
Felicity says: "Don't move!"
Felicity says: "You should have done your job when you had the chance."
Felicity says: "One more step, and the commissioner kicks his own bucket!"
Chicken Bucket says: "Please don't!"
Chicken Bucket says: "I have a wife, and three nuggets to feed."
Gumball says: "C'mon man, do something!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I can't!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I can't think of any lame puns, and I'm not a cop anymore."
Chicken Bucket says: "Yes you are!"
As the badge flies to the Doughnut Sheriff in slow motion, Gumball and Darwin make a tune with their mouths. The sheriff holds out a hand, only for one of the star badge's points to dig into his hand. Regardless he puts it back on, and starts throwing ice cream at Felicity with Gumball and Darwin making tunes every time he throws a cone. The sheriff repeatedly misses until one of his throws finally takes down Felicity.
Donut Sheriff says: "You just got iced."
A Cool Cop.
Scene changes to Felicity being cuffed, and the Chicken Bucket talking to a crowd of spectators and other people. There are cops all around.
Chicken Bucket says: "Well, like I've always said, when the potato chips are down, the hash come out to brown."
Gumball and Darwin are wrapped in sheets of foil as the Doughnut Sheriff guards Felicity.
Gumball says: "Can you take these off please?"
Gumball says: "It's like a million degrees out here."
Donut Sheriff says: "No, you're in shock."
Gumball says: "Can we at least have an ice cream?"
The sheriff takes an ice cream cone off Felicity's head, the same one she was taken down with, and Gumball takes a bite out of it.
Darwin says: "What're you gonna do with her?"
Donut Sheriff says: "I'll do what any  cool cop would do, and let her off with a warning."
He takes Felicity's handcuffs off. She runs away, and he smiles and winks in her direction.
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "That woman is a menace to society."
Gumball says: "She's an absolute psychopathic criminal!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Ah."
Donut Sheriff says: "Too cool?"
Episode Ends.