Going to the Mall.
Episode starts with Richard getting into the car with the rest of the Wattersons. The Wattersons drive to the mall parking lot, and Nicole backs the car into a parking spot.
Richard says: "STOOOOOOOOOOP!"
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "What?"
Richard says: "There's a space closer to the entrance."
Nicole sighs and moves the car to park there. Before she can park, another car takes the spot. Nicole groans and tries to go back to the previous space, but another car parks in it.
Nicole says: "Gosh darn it, it's going to take ages to find a spot now!"
Nicole says: "Oh don't worry honey, these things happen..."
Richard says: "I know."
Richard says: "I'm crying because I'm gonna have to walk now!"
Finding a Parking Space.
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "An old lady walking back to her car!"
The Wattersons quickly drive up behind Betty. She walks at a very slow pace, and the Wattersons' car moves behind her at an equally slow pace. The Wattersons begin falling asleep until Nicole's head hits the horn, waking them all up.
Anais says: "Okay, it's a good idea to follow someone, but we need to be more intelligent with our profiling."
Anais says: "Take those three."
Anais says: "but judging from the rest of his clothes, the watch wouldn't be worth stealing, more likely he just lost it or forgot to put it on this morning."
Gumball says: "Okay, what's your point?"
Anais says: "He can't remember where he parked."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, it was pretty impressive, and it gave time for the old lady to reach her car!"
The Wattersons all gasp and drive up quickly behind Betty again. She slowly reaches for a car as the Wattersons get increasingly excited. However, Betty just rests for a moment against the car, and continues slowly walking. The Wattersons all growl in anger.
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, I got an idea."
Gumball says: "People make assumptions based on how you behave, right?"
Gumball says: "So if you act like a rich person, they think you are a rich person."
Richard says: "How's that gonna help?"
Gumball says: "Just give me your tie."
Faking and Fake-Outs.
Scene changes to the parking garage, where the Wattersons continue looking for parking spaces, with no success.
Richard says: "Oh, every space is taken."
Richard says: "Wait here a second."
Richard gets out of the car. The sound of spray paint can be heard in the background.
Gumball says: "Can't we just go into the mall with Dad, and then you can find a space on your own?"
Nicole says: "No, we're a family which means we do our suffering together."
Nicole says: "Good enough."
Richard says: "Abraca-tada!"
Richard is revealed to have used Spray-Paint Bottle to spray-paint a fake parking spot for the Wattersons. Several citizens behind them start honking angrily. Milk Guy then runs into frame.
Milk Guy says: "Hey, you're not allowed to do that!"
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "It wasn't me!"
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "Yeah, it was."
Richard becomes scared and runs away, spraying Spray-Paint Bottle the entire time. As Milk Guy corners Richard against a wall, Richard drops Spray-Paint Bottle in fear, causing him to bounce off the ground and fall out of the parking garage.
Milk Guy says: "Oh, my gosh, are you okay?"
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "What do you think?"
The rest of the cars start driving where Richard spray painted, causing them to crash through the bricks and drive off the edge parking lot building. As the cars pile up on the ground below, Milk Guy growls at Richard. Richard chuckles nervously and runs off as more cars continue to pile up.
The Wattersons continue to drive through the parking garage. They suddenly see a large quantity of parking spaces, and stop driving to stare at them.
Gumball says: "It's a parking paradise."
Anais says: "It's a vehicular Valhalla."
Darwin says: "It's a short stay Shangri-La."
Richard says: "No, it's not, it's a parking lot."
Nicole says: "Let's go!"
They drive forward, only to crash into something. They then see the parking spaces are actually just a large photo on a wall.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Sorry, I needed to see if it opened yet."
Richard says: "Darn you, giant pictures of things I want!"
Songs and Games.
As more cars pile up on the ground, the Wattersons continue looking for a parking space. Richard and the kids sing while Nicole drives. As they continue to sing, Nicole becomes more and more exasperated.
Richard says: "Ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of age-appropriate beverage bottles on the wall..."
Darwin says: "Ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of age-appropriate beverage bottles on the wall..."
Anais says: "Ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of age-appropriate beverage bottles on the wall..."
 says: "Ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of age-appropriate beverage bottles on the wall..."
Gumball says: "Ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of age-appropriate beverage bottles on the wall..."
Richard says: "Fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall..."
Darwin says: "Fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall..."
Anais says: "Fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall..."
 says: "Fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall..."
Gumball says: "Fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, fifty-two bottles of age-appropriate beverage on the wall..."
Richard says: "One bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, one bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, nanananananananana..."
Darwin says: "One bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, one bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, nanananananananana..."
Anais says: "One bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, one bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, nanananananananana..."
 says: "One bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, one bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, nanananananananana..."
Gumball says: "One bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, one bottle of age-appropriate beverage on the wall, nanananananananana..."
Richard and the kids stay silent for a few seconds, until Richard signals for them to start over again.
Nicole suddenly brings the car to a sharp halt. She begins growling in anger before stopping.
Nicole says: "Why don't we play a game?"
Richard says: "Good idea!"
Richard says: "I spy with my little eye something beginning with S."
Gumball says: "Is it the..."
Gumball says: "suffocating feeling that we're never gonna leave this car?"
Richard says: "Nope."
Anais says: "Is it the slow onset of insanity?"
Richard says: "No."
Darwin says: "Is it super shiny sparkling sunflowers?"
Richard says: "No, give up?"
Richard says: "It was..."
Richard says: "space."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Where?"
Richard says: "But, it's gone now."
Nicole says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Why didn't you just tell us straight away?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Vandalism.
More cars are seen piling up as the Wattersons return to the ground-level parking lot, continuing to look for a parking space.
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball points to an empty parking space. Marvin then pulls up. He notices the Wattersons and stares them down. The Wattersons stare back at him. Marvin and Richard both rev their cars, until Richard finally shifts the Wattersons' car into drive, with Marvin shortly doing the same. They both race for the spot until the Wattersons' car begins slowing down. Richard notices the fuel gauge is on "empty".
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "We're out of gas!"
Marvin continues racing for the space as the Wattersons start pushing their car.
Nicole says: "Keep pushing!"
Anais says: "Wait, if you're there, then who's..."
The Wattersons stop pushing their car, causing it to veer out of control and crash into a van as Marvin pulls into the space.
Nicole says: "He took it."
Nicole says: "He knew we were going for it."
Nicole says: "And he  TOOK IT!"
Nicole angrily walks over to Marvin's car, pulls some lipstick out of her purse, and uses it to scribble on Marvin's car.
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom?"
Nicole says: "Yes, sweetheart?"
Darwin points to the handicap sign.
Darwin says: "That's really bad."
Nicole says: "Oh, what?"
Nicole says: "You thought I was defacing this poor person's car?"
Nicole says: "What kind of a mother would do that?"
Nicole says: "I was.."
Nicole says: "Look!"
Nicole says: "See?"
Darwin says: "No, I meant: look."
Nicole says: "I see, well, in that case: run!"
The Wattersons all run away.
The Last Straw.
The Wattersons are seen behind Betty once again, all screaming at her while Nicole continually blares the car horn.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Why are we screaming at this poor old lady?"
Gumball says: "It's mean and it's totally unconstructive."
Gumball says: "Let's just find out where her car is, have it towed, and take her space."
Richard, Nicole, and Anais all speak at once in agreement.
Darwin says: "Or we could just give her a lift back to her car."
Gumball, Anais, Nicole, and Richard all sigh and mumble. They then drive up alongside Betty.
Darwin says: "Could we be of assistance and help you to your vehicle?"
Betty is then shown in the back seat of the Wattersons' car squishing Gumball, Darwin, and Anais.
Gumball says: "So, what does your car look like?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "It's made of metal."
Gumball says: "Right, I thought it would be."
Gumball says: "Okay, what else?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "It has a steering wheel."
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Betty​​​​​ says: "It's quite loud."
Gumball says: "Good, good, that's useful."
Gumball says: "Could you be more precise?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "It smells like damp laundry and despair."
Gumball says: "Confusing..."
Betty​​​​​ says: "Oh, it's got a lady on the side selling shampoo and it's usually parked right there."
Anais says: "It's the bus, isn't it?"
Betty​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Sure is!"
Betty​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "And I've suckered you into giving me a lift!"
Nicole says: "Alright, enough with the parking lot, let's just find a space."
Nicole says: "Any space."
Nicole swerves the car around, knocking over the bus stop sign in the process, and quickly drives away, causing Principal Brown to crash into some parked cars.
Achieving Total Parking.
The Wattersons first park in an alleyway. A garbage truck then grabs their car, dumping the family out the car's rear door. The family then pulls into a car wash, where Nicole and Richard a swung around by the mechanisms as soon as they exit the car. They then park on an airplane runway, but scream and jump back into their car as an airplane taxis in for landing, blowing their car away in the process. The Wattersons next park at the container port, only for their car to be picked up by a crane and dragged above the crusher. They all scream in horror, but the crane holding their car stops, as another crane drops an empty car into the crusher.
Gumball says: "Ah, come on!"
Darwin says: "Ah, come on!"
Anais says: "Ah, come on!"
Nicole says: "Ah, come on!"
Richard says: "Ah, come on!"
The Wattersons back into an elevator, but Richard and Nicole cannot open their doors to get out of the car. They all sigh as the elevator door closes. The Wattersons' car is then seen in a parking space, only for the scenery to be revealed as nothing more than a scale diorama by Goblin.
Goblin says: "And when finished there'll be more than..."
Goblin then notices the Wattersons parked on a window cleaning platform. He, Dolphin Man, and Butterknife angrily stare as the Wattersons are lowered down. At the hospital, the Old Doctor prepares to deliver a baby, but angrily glares underneath the sheet. He then carries the Wattersons' car outside and throws them away. At the movie theater, the Wattersons are seen parked between rows of seats, much to the audience's annoyance. Larry points a flashlight at them, and they drive away. On the screen, a woman opens a door and screams, only for the Wattersons to be behind the door. The people in the audience groan, and the Wattersons drive off-screen. They then crash through the theater wall.
Richard says: "Wait, wait, wait!"
As they continue searching for somewhere to park, they notice Karen driving away, leaving an open spot.
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Richard says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "Oh, no, look!"
Nicole says: "Not this time!"
Nicole sets the car in drive and charges for the space. As she does, the other cars jump onto the road behind her. Nicole rams into the cars beside her, causing them to spin out of control. The car behind her then races alongside her. Nicole speeds up even more.
Gumball says: "Mom, slow down, you're gonna miss the spot!"
Nicole says: "Hold onto your hats!"
Nicole rams the car next to her out of the way. The kids all scream as their car suddenly flips over multiple times and flies into the air, all of which is shown in slow motion. The Wattersons then land in the empty spot as the car behind them drives past.
Gumball says: "My friends, we have achieved total parking."
Nicole puts the car in park, and the Wattersons all get out. They begin cheering and celebrating.
Gumball says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Darwin says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Anais says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Nicole says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Richard says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Gumball says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Darwin says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Anais says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Nicole says: "In your face, we got our space!"
Richard says: "In your face, we got our space!"
As they celebrate, the camera pans back to reveal that they have parked in front of their own house.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Anais says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Oh."
Episode ends.