The Bus.
Episode begins as we see the school bus leave Elmore Junior High. Cuts to inside the bus, and we see some angry-looking students sitting. Scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin standing at the front of the bus.
Darwin says: "Why is everyone so uncool on the school bus?"
Darwin says: "Is it really that bad to move so we can sit together?"
Gumball says: "That's animal instincts, man."
Gumball says: "Everyone's protecting their territory."
Darwin says: "Oh, come on."
Darwin says: "People aren't animals, dude."
Darwin walks to Tobias, whose back is only seen as he gazes out the window.
Darwin says: "Hey Tobias."
Tobias turns around with a wolf-like face and hisses at Darwin, making him fall down in fright.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Gumball approaches Carrie. Carrie has earphones with loud rock music on.
Gumball says: "H-hey!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Carrie sees Gumball, but doesn't answer. Gumball keeps saying Carrie’s name several times, but is not heard over the music. Carrie attempts to avoid him by turning away, but Gumball follows her head.
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!!"
Gumball says: "Carrie!!"
Carrie says: "I can do this forever."
Carrie says: "I don't have bones."
Sussie says: "You can have my seat."
Sussie walks away from her seat. Scene then shows the full bus, with Gumball in the middle.
Gumball says: "Here's a lesson to you selfish seat hogs!"
Gumball says: "Never judge a book by its cover-- no matter how weird and..."
Gumball says: "bald and a bit..."
Gumball says: "scary it might be."
Sussie says: "The leather makes Sussie sweaty."
Gumball says: "Well, on second thought, what kind of gentleman could rob such a fine lady of her seat?"
Gumball says: "Please, take it back."
Gumball says: "I insist."
Gumball approaches Leslie, who is sitting in a seat next to a plaque. His stomach is noticeably bulging, and he acts tired.
Gumball says: "I've got such a craving for anchovies, and peanut butter!"
Gumball says: "Oh, uh-- Hurry up, please."
Gumball says: "I'm sitting for two."
Darwin falls out of Gumball's shirt, dusts himself, and walks away. Leslie glares at Gumball.
Gumball says: "They grow up so fast."
Gumball and Darwin approach Banana Joe at the back of the bus. He looks very upset.
Gumball says: "He-hey, Banana Joe!"
Gumball says: "How you doing, buddy?"
Gumball holds up his hand to high five Joe. Banana Joe does not respond, and Gumball high fives Joe's face.
Banana Joe says: "I'd move for anyone except you two backstabbing dweeb muffins!"
Gumball and Darwin gasp.
Gumball says: "Why are you so angry, buddy?"
Gumball says: "Is it because we didn't defend you when Tobias said your mother is so overripe she's got fruit flies?"
Darwin says: "Is it because we left you at that gas station on the way to Daisyland on your birthday, but because we were almost there we decided to just pick you up on the way home?"
Gumball says: "Is it because we forgot about you on that camping trip, and you had to sleep under a tent of your own skin and eat a bit of yourself to survive?"
Gumball says: "And you waited for three days in the woods, but then decided to walk home, and got lost?"
Gumball says: "And winter came, and you tried to light that fire with that lighter fluid we said we left you."
Gumball says: "But it wasn't lighter fluid, it was shampoo?"
Gumball says: "And you got frostbite, and that's kinda why you have no feet?"
Banana Joe says: "Pfft."
Darwin says: "I swear to you my banana friend: by the end of the weekend, we shall discover the source of your anger and appease your wrath."
Gumball says: "And nothing's gonna ruin it!"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "We'll work it out."
Banana Joe cheers up at this, and smiles.
At the Grocery.
Gumball and Darwin throw food into their basket. Gumball grabs an item from it.
Gumball says: "Unh!"
Gumball says: "No peanut butter!"
Gumball says: "The more time spreading this stuff, the less time playing the game!"
He throws it away, and it hits Alison.
Gumball says: "I can't believe you'd go and get tangled up in some menial banana problems and forget about our weekend."
Gumball says: "I like Banana Joe."
Gumball says: "He's, like, my favorite fruit."
Gumball says: "But I'm not gonna ruin the gaming weekend of the century for a weekday friend."
Gumball says: "Do you remember how excited we were about this game?"
Flashback. Gumball is using the computer in their room. He browses, bored until he sees something.
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "There's a new "Zelmore" coming out."
Darwin quickly zips to Gumball's side. They look at each other, and scream with joy.
Gumball says: "Yay-hey-hey!"
Darwin says: "Yay-hey-hey!"
They dance, and laugh maniacally.
Gumball says: "This is gonna be so good!"
Gumball runs up his bedside table, and repeatedly falls down.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "Good so much game, can't words say!"
Gumball says: "A-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "The game!"
Gumball and Darwin hug.
Gumball says: "The game!"
Gumball and Darwin hold hands.
Darwin says: "When it comes out, you and me, buddy, we're gonna buy this game and play it till we're purple."
Gumball says: "Let's check if there's any more info."
They quickly move to the computer, and Gumball loads the screen.
Gumball says: "There's nothing."
Darwin says: "Hit refresh."
Gumball says: "Still nothing."
Darwin says: "Hit it again."
Darwin says: "Hit it again."
Gumball says: "Still nothing."
Darwin says: "Hit it again."
Flashback ends.
Darwin says: "I know."
Darwin says: "But what about Joe?"
Darwin says: "He was so angry, he looked like he was gonna get a nosebleed."
Gumball says: "Uh I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "Can you repeat that?"
Gumball says: "'Cause all I heard was..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "and something about bailing on the best weekend ever!"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "I'm really sorry to have forgotten all about your weekend."
Darwin says: "It's definitely more important than a friend who's hurt."
Darwin says: "Possibly scarred forever because of something we-- well, let's be honest, more likely you-- have done."
Gumball's back is crushed by an invisible weight.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "What is that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "That's the weight of guilt."
Darwin says: "Give in to the nice side."
Darwin says: "Help those unfortunate, and make the guilt go away, my friend."
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Make it stop!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "Surrender to your kindness, Gumball."
Darwin says: "It's nice to be nice."
Gumball says: "Your guilt is strong, my friend."
Gumball says: "But it is no match for the power of my selfishness."
Behind Gumball, Banana Joe walks to the fruits section of the grocery.
Banana Joe says: "Hey!"
Banana Joe says: "What do you call a fish with no eyes?"
Banana Joe says: "A "fsh"!"
Banana Joe says: "If a banana makes a joke and no one's around to hear it, does that banana even exist?"
The camera zooms into Banana Joe's sad face while Mozart's requiem mass in d minor - Lacrimosa plays.
Darwin says: "Dude, let's have a soda!"
Gumball says: "D-did you say something?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "I don't know what you're talking about."
Darwin says: "Did you get that?"
Darwin says: "Let's have a soda!"
Darwin says: "Yes, you!"
Darwin says: "Meet me outside by the machine!"
Gumball says: "Let's get outta here."
Gumball says: "I'm getting shopping fever I'm starting to hear voices."
They walk away, and pas by Mr. Small using a banana for a phone.
Gumball says: "Let's just get the game."
When Gumball goes ahead, Darwin turns to Mr. Small's banana phone.
Darwin says: "Good disguise!"
Darwin says: "See you at the soda machine."
Banana Joe says: "Oh, your mom says "hi" by the way."
Getting the Game.
At the game store, people are lining up. Carrie queues behind the Eggheads.
Carrie says: "Are you guys here for Zelmore?"
Carrie says: "Do you know what time the store opens?"
Colin says: "When your high score gets a double-digit, noob!"
Felix says: "Pwned!"
They laugh at Carrie. Carrie sighs, and teleports away.
Colin says: "This is what happens when you spend all your time flaming people on web forums."
Felix says: "You don't get girlfriends."
Juke queues behind them. Behind him, Darwin, and an extremely excited Gumball and Ocho wait. Ocho is so excited he quivers, and bumps repeatedly into Gumball.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Have you ever heard of personal space-oh."
Ocho continues bumping into Gumball.
Gumball says: "Look, dude."
Gumball says: "I know you have trouble handling your intensity, and we're all excited about the game."
Gumball says: "But could you JUST CALM DOWN A LITTLE!"
Gumball says: "?"
Ocho says: "I am CALM!"
Gumball says: "Well that's cool, 'cause I'm really calm too now!"
Ocho says: "Not as calm as ME!"
Gumball says: "I'm the calmest man on the planet!"
Ocho says: "Yeah!"
Ocho says: "?"
Ocho says: "Any calmer, and I'd be asleep!"
Gumball says: "I'm as calm as a moonlit lake!"
Darwin glances at the soda machine, and sees Banana Joe.
Gumball says: "I'm as calm as the petal that falls softly from a rose!"
Ocho says: "I'm as calm as the stream that flows gently past the willow tree!"
Darwin sneaks away while the two continue fighting.
Darwin says: "Hey Joe."
Darwin says: "Um, I know you're angry at us."
Darwin says: "I just want to find out why."
Banana Joe says: "Well."
Banana Joe says: "I've been thinking a lot recently about our friendship."
Banana Joe says: "But I just feel that maybe I-  Are you shuffling away from me!"
Banana Joe says: "?"
Darwin says: "Nooo."
Darwin says: "I feel like it's you who's moving away from us."
Banana Joe says: "Could you at least finish your soda, and pretend you care for a second?"
Darwin pours his soda on the concrete, and throws an object at something, breaking it.
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Banana Joe says: "I'm pretty sure you're supposed to do your diversion, before pouring the soda on the floor."
Gumball and Ocho continue fighting in the distance.
Darwin says: "Look."
Darwin says: "I just can't hang out right now, but could we sort something out for later?"
Banana Joe says: "Well, I am making a new video tonight."
Banana Joe says: "So you guys should come around-  Are you listening!"
Banana Joe says: "?"
Banana Joe says: "Come help me make my video tonight!"
Darwin says: "Where?"
Darwin says: "When?"
Banana Joe says: "At the gym!"
Banana Joe says: "At the school, and don't let me down!"
Darwin says: "I won't, I promise!"
At Home.
Gumball says: "I didn't need your help!"
Gumball says: "It's not like I got my butt kicked."
Darwin says: "Yeah, it just looks more like a head-butt…on your butt."
Gumball says: "Shhhh."
Gumball says: "Don't spoil this moment."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna open the box."
Gumball opens the Zelmore game, while imitating its theme. While he prepares to play it, Darwin sneaks away. Gumball sees him in the screen's monitor.
Gumball says: "Dude, where are you going!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Uh I uh…need to powder my nose?"
Gumball says: "Are you gonna sneak out the window, do something in secret for a while, then sneak back here, and pretend you were never gone?"
Darwin says: "Nooo?"
Gumball says: "…Alright then."
Cuts to Darwin in the bathroom.
Darwin says: "How do I get outta here now?"
Darwin says: "Aha!"
Darwin uses the toilet paper as rope, and he tries to jump out the window. But the toilet paper is too fragile and short, and Darwin falls down. He later wakes up from being unconscious.
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Gumball says: "Buddy?"
Darwin is in extreme pain.
Gumball says: "Are you okay?"
Gumball says: "That was quite a fall."
Gumball says: "Lucky you landed on these."
Darwin gets up on his feet, and his back cracks.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "My back!"
Darwin says: "What are they?"
Gumball says: "BRICKS!"
Gumball says: "Because I knew you'd bail on me."
Gumball says: "All of this for your bro-nana."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "I think I have the solution to our problem."
Darwin says: "How about we just invite Joe over to play with us?"
Gumball says: "Uh-NO!"
Gumball says: "It's just supposed to be you and me, man!"
Gumball says: "Don't you remember?"
Darwin says: "Actually, that's not what I remembered."
Flashback.
Darwin says: "When it comes out, you and me buddy-  and Banana Joe-re gonna buy this game, and play it till we're purple."
Back in the present, Darwin literally brainwashes Gumball. Gumball spits out soap.
Gumball says: "Enough with the brainwashing!"
Darwin says: "But Banana Joe needs us!"
Gumball says: "Ugggh!"
Gumball says: "For what?"
Banana Joe's Video.
Banana Joe records himself in the gym, along with weights, dumbbells, and body-building equipment.
Banana Joe says: "Welcome back to Banana Joe's Body Jam!"
Banana Joe says: "Explosion!"
Banana Joe says: "Now, let's start with a basic bench-press move."
He moves the camera, and demonstrates with barbell.
Banana Joe says: "Now, what you wanna do is-  Ow!"
Banana Joe says: "It's okay!"
Banana Joe says: "I'm sure they'll be here any minute now."
A New Nickname.
Gumball drags Darwin into the living room.
Darwin says: "I don't like it when people don't like me, okay?"
Darwin says: "And I promised Bajayay that I'd help him out!"
Gumball says: "What the-  Bajayjay!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "You've got nicknames now?"
Gumball says: "You're better friends with him than me."
Gumball says: "Why don't I have a nickname?"
Darwin says: "But Gumball is a nickname."
Gumball says: "Not a new one!"
Darwin says: "You want a new nickname?"
Darwin says: "Okay, fine."
Darwin says: "I'll give you one now!"
Darwin says: "Just chill out, okay?"
Darwin says: "Gummm… bag?"
Gumball says: "…I love it!"
Darwin says: "Sooo can we go see Banana Joe now?"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Trouble in the Gym.
Banana Joe struggles to lift the barbell of him.
Banana Joe says: "Okay."
Banana Joe says: "I'm sure they'll be here any minute now!"
Banana Joe says: "…and now?"
Banana Joe rolls the weight across his body in an attempt to get it off him. He ends up mashing and spilling himself.
Friendship, or Game?
Darwin says: "Friendship is more important than some game!"
Gumball says: "It's not about the game!"
Gumball says: "Don't you get it?"
Gumball says: "It's about us."
Gumball says: "I just wanted to spend some time together."
Gumball says: "I guess you don't feel the same."
Darwin says: "Don't you dare doubt my love!"
Darwin says: "You're the most precious thing in my life."
Gumball says: "As precious as a diamond dipped in gold  and all wrapped in a big platinum bow?"
Darwin says: "No dude."
Darwin says: "More."
They hug, and exhale.
Gumball says: "Come on, big buddy."
Gumball says: "Let's go, and see Joe."
Darwin says: "Maybe it can wait till tomorrow."
Gumball says: "You want to play that game as much as me, don't you?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, and I'm sure Joe's getting along fine without us."
Meanwhile, back at the gym, a completely flattened, bruised, and disoriented Joe limply walks around.
Banana Joe says: "They'll be here soon."
Banana Joe says: "They'll be here soon!"
He tries to support himself on a rack of dumbbells, but ends up making them fall on him. He gets up, and holds on to another device, but is pushed away. He ends up on the on the operational treadmill that flattens him until it explodes.
Banana Joe says: "They'll be here any minute now…."
The gym lights turn off.
The Next Day.
In the school bus, Joe is seen in the same seat that he was on at the beginning of the episode. He is fully bandaged, with his eyes and part of his limbs uncovered. Gumball hands him a bell.
Gumball says: "Alright dude."
Gumball says: "One ring for "yes," and two rings for "no."
Gumball says: "" Does it hurt?"
Darwin says: "Do the bandages itch?"
Gumball says: "Are you still mad at us?"
A bump in the bus causes Joe to accidentally ring twice.
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "We're BFFs again!"
Darwin says: "We're BFFs again!"
Gumball and Darwin hug him. At first, Banana Joe resists. Then he just sighs. Episode ends.