Public Shaming.
The episode opens with Richard, Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, in their car. Richard has just pulled into a parking spot outside of Elmore Mall, when they are rear-ended by Harold Wilson.
Richard says: "Sure thing, Harry."
Richard says: "Uh, Harold?"
Harold​​ says: "Hm?"
Richard says: "Mr."
Richard says: "Wilson."
Harold​​ says: "Oh, by the way, you must've heard about my birthday party, I guess."
Richard says: "Oh, sure."
Richard says: "Uh, where is it?"
Harold​​ says: "Yeah, I've uh, booked a table at that new Mexican restaurant."
Harold​​ says: "It starts at seven, got it?"
Richard says: "Yeah!"
Harold​​ says: "Great!"
Harold​​ says: "Then make sure you don't turn up by mistake."
Richard says: "Sure."
The three kids look at each other, puzzled. Inside the mall, the family meets up with Harold again while in the clothing department.
Harold​​ says: "You buying new pants for your wife?"
Richard says: "What?"
Harold​​ says: "Well, she's the one wearing them in your relationship, right?"
Richard laughs along, as his kids watch in disapproval. Harold then takes the pants that Richard is carrying, and drops them on the floor.
Harold​​ says: "Try these on."
Harold​​ says: "I think they're more you."
Next, the family goes grocery shopping, with Richard now wearing the tight yellow pants.
Gumball says: "Dad, is it me, or is this guy kinda being a total thunder jerk to you?"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "H-He's not that bad."
Gumball says: "Then why did he steal your pants?"
They return outside to their vehicle, which was left in the hot sun.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "That's not just friendly teasing."
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "He's being really mean to you."
Richard says: "No, he's not."
Harold appears behind Richard and gives him a wedgie, pulling the underwear over his shoulders. Richard whimpers in pain as Harold enters his car, snickering, and drives away. Aggrieved, Gumball gestures at the event that just took place.
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "I just didn't want to have a visible panty line."
Gumball says: "N-Not that!"
Gumball says: "You need to tell Mom about this."
Richard says: "I can't."
Richard says: "Your mom sees me as an average looking underachieving slob."
Richard says: "It would break her heart to think it was all too good to be true."
Anais says: "Dad, you need to deal with this like an adult."
Richard says: "I am dealing with it like an adult."
Richard says: "I'm pretending nothing's wrong until I get a chance to cry about it when I'm alone."
Darwin says: "She means you need to put an end to the situation, and deal with it in a mature way."
Richard says: "How?"
Gumball says: "Well..."
Gumball says: "you're old enough to purchase a chainsaw."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "What exactly do you think being mature means?"
Gumball says: "I dunno, "R" rated?"
Gumball says: "Well, what do you suggest?"
Anais says: "Legal advice."
Buying Justice.
They head to a law firm, and meet with Doctor Literature in the lawyer's office.
Doctor Literature says: "Well, Mr."
Doctor Literature says: "Watterson, I've reviewed the evidence thoroughly, and I'm pleased to say that we ca—"
Richard says: "Hm?"
She glances at the money box on her desk. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, sigh as their father pulls a bill from his wallet and drops it in the slot.
Doctor Literature says: "Can place a restraining order on Harold Wilson, effective immediately."
Doctor Literature says: "All you need to do is—"
Richard inserts another bill.
Doctor Literature says: "..."
Doctor Literature says: "follow the legal precedent in the case of—"
Richard says: "Can you just talk faster please?"
Doctor Literature says: "..."
Doctor Literature says: "the case of "The state versus Antonio Chavez, article thirteen, section one, amendment nineteen, subsection four, paragraph eleven, verse two, stanza six, sentence nine, pertaining to the victims—"
Richard says: "I'm out."
Richard says: "You guys got any money?"
Anais sighs, then sticks some colorful currency into the box.
Doctor Literature says: "..."
Doctor Literature says: "ongoing trauma due to workplace stress, which had left her life in an awful mess."
Doctor Literature says: "She built up evidence, and from that moment hence, she was given legal—"
Richard says: "What was that about?"
Anais says: "Sorry."
Anais says: "That was Daisyland money."
Richard says: "Right, I don't think we can afford your services."
Doctor Literature says: "I completely understand."
Doctor Literature says: "Please, let me show you ou—"
Gumball says: "Aw come on!"
Gumball says: "Doesn't anything happen for free in here?"
The four leave the office, but Darwin decides to swipe some candy from a dish on the desk first. Later, all of them are glumly sitting on a park bench. Darwin places one of the candies in Richard's hand. He smiles and removes the wrapper. At that very moment, Harold cruises by on a one wheeled hoverboard, snatching the candy and eating it.
Richard says: "Huh?"
Harold​​​ says: "That was as easy as taking candy from a b..."
Harold​​​ says: "uh, ba..."
Harold​​​ says: "What was the expression again?"
Harold​​​ says: "Oh yes, a brainless man-child."
Gumball says: "You know, I think there's a lesson in all this."
Darwin says: "People riding those things are all butt-hats?"
Gumball says: "Okay, I guess there are two lessons in all this."
Gumball says: "And the second one is, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em."
Anais says: "But Dad doesn't have it in him to be bad."
Richard says: "What are you talking about?"
Richard says: "I'm all about the thug life."
Anais says: "You carry "get well soon" balloons in your trunk so you can tie them to roadkill."
Richard says: "Well break out the aloe vera, 'cause you about to get burned!"
Richard says: "Hey Gumball, you blue faced potato on a stick!"
Richard says: "How glad are you to not have inherited your father's metabolism and be allowed to eat whatever you want without feeling a thick sack of shame?"
Richard says: "Bam!"
Richard says: "You just got "P"-double-youn'd!"
Richard says: "How about you, Darwin, you mutant weirdo?"
Richard says: "How does it feel to have evolved beyond anything your species could ever have dreamed of, you disgustingly adorable pride and joy of my life?"
Richard says: "Whoop-yeah!"
Richard says: "Bring me the tartar sauce, that fish just got cooked!"
Anais says: "I think you're missing the point."
Richard says: ""I think you're missing the point, Dad."
Richard says: "I think you shouldn't lick that electrical outlet, Dad."
Richard says: "I think you should remember your appointment at the cardiologist, Dad."
Richard says: "" How does it feel to be better than everybody else, Anais?"
Richard says: "I mean this because I genuinely think you are!"
Richard says: "Boom!"
Richard starts to laugh, but it quickly changes to weeping.
Richard says: "I'm so sorry for hurting your feelings with my mean-spirited jokes."
Richard says: "Please forgive me!"
Anais says: "I think he needs professional help."
Prom-atic Experience.
At the Elmore Hospital, Richard is in a room, lying on a chaise lounge.
Richard says: "Well Doctor, I think this cycle of shame started the day I was elected prom king."
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: ""Dear Richard, you have been elected prom king."
Richard says: "Make sure to attend the ceremony tomorrow night."
Richard says: "Please keep this a secret from your fellow students."
Richard says: "" This must be a joke."
Richard says: "No, wait."
Richard says: "It's signed by Principal Brown!"
Richard faints and falls backward. Upon sitting up, he sees the note and promptly faints again. He repeats this reaction several more times.
Richard says: "But my face is still too fat."
Granny Jojo says: "You should try contouring."
Richard says: "What's that?"
Granny Jojo says: "It's kind of like lying, but with your face."
Richard says: "What about my suit?"
Granny Jojo says: "Don't worry sweetie, we'll figure something out."
Richard says: "And a cape?"
Granny Jojo says: "Eh..."
Granny Jojo says: "and a cape."
Richard says: "It was the happiest moment of my life."
Richard says: "I never felt so beautiful."
Richard says: "I could feel everyone looking at me in admiration."
In the memory, Richard enters the prom room, his makeup giving him a more human-like visage. The other students step aside, confused by his appearance, while Principal Brown and Jackie watch from atop the stage.
Nigel Brown says: "It's now the moment you've all been waiting for."
Nigel Brown says: "Time to announce this year's prom king!"
Richard says: "Yes, I'm here!"
The crowd gasps in unison.
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Richard says: "Yes, it's me!"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "Ha-ha!"
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Richard says: "This moment is much bigger than me."
Harold​​ says: "Uh, hardly."
Richard says: "I just want to say to all the losers out there, there's gonna be people along the way who will try to take things away from you, but don't let them, because—"
Principal Brown interrupts him by removing the crown from his head.
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson, we're gonna have to take the crown away from you."
Richard says: "But I'm the king!"
Richard says: "It says so right here in this letter."
Richard says: "It's got your signature!"
Nigel Brown says: "Did you take a good look at this letter?"
Nigel Brown says: "It is literally signed, "Pwincipul Bron."
Richard says: "But..."
Richard says: "who would do this?"
Led by Harold, the room bursts into laughter. Richard awkwardly joins in, and the flashback ends.
Richard says: "From that moment on, he kept on making fun of me at every opportunity."
Richard says: "It caused me quite a few stress problems."
Therapist says: "Tell me more."
Richard says: "Well, for a long time I thought every food came with Parmesan, until I realized it was dandruff."
Richard says: "Also, I get such bad acid reflux that my tongue's hanging on by a thread."
Richard says: "And I've been losing my hair, so I'm forced to dab the patches with pink paint."
Richard says: "Oh, and gas."
Richard says: "I'm so gassy—"
Gumball says: "Okay, how long is it going to take you to realize?"
Richard says: "Realize what?"
Anais says: "That Harold Wilson is the therapist."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "That's Harold?!"
Richard says: "!"
Harold rips off a fake moustache, which is identical to his real one.
Harold​​ says: "Yes!"
Harold​​ says: "It was me all along, sucker!"
One after the other, Richard loses a patch of hair, belches, and flatulates. After going back to the car, he sobs into the dashboard.
Gumball says: "Told you we should have gone with the "R" rated option."
Anais says: "Yeah, we should try something else."
Gumball says: "So we just run him over, then!"
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "I meant we were wrong to try dealing with this like adults."
Anais says: "That guy is so mean."
Anais says: "We need to help Dad put a stop to this."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "So what's even better than being prom king?"
Darwin says: "Having enough self-respect to not believe in vacuous popularity contests?"
Gumball says: "Hm, another good point."
Gumball says: "But I mean, what does every adult dream of?"
Gumball says: "Dad?"
Richard says: "Mm, can't say that."
Richard says: "Can't say that."
Richard says: "Two of those at the same time."
Richard says: "Can't say that, either..."
Richard says: "Money?"
Gumball says: "Perfect!"
Money Trouble.
Richard, Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, are standing on the sidewalk next to a garbage can. Using its lid as a flat surface, Richard writes eight zeroes onto a check, then laughs fiendishly.
Anais says: "Dad, that's still zero dollars."
Richard says: "Oh, of course."
Anais says: "You need to put something in front of it."
Confused, Richard lays the check on the cement and moves the trash bin toward it. He slowly inches the bin forward while seeking her approval.
Anais says: "I meant put a one in front of the zeroes!"
Richard says: "It's not my fault if Gumball's plan is too complicated."
Gumball says: "What's so complicated?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Harold finds a signed blank check for a billion dollars, thinks he's rich, we jump out and tell him it was fake."
Gumball says: "We laugh, he cries."
Gumball says: "We laugh some more."
Gumball says: "The end."
Anais says: "Ah!"
Anais says: "Here he comes!"
Anais says: "Hide!"
All four vault over the fence behind them. Harold passes by and notices the check.
Harold​​ says: "A check for a billion dollars!"
Harold​​ says: "And all I have to do is add my name?"
Harold​​ says: "Ker-ching!"
Leonard Daniels comes along, and Harold lifts him by the head.
Harold​​ says: "Hey, you!"
Harold​​ says: "You're my butler now."
Harold​​ says: "Take this cash and throw it on the floor wherever I walk."
Leonard Daniels says: "Oh, yes, I don't mind."
Behind the fence, the Wattersons are shown to have injured themselves falling into the flood control channel. Elsewhere, Harold is still walking on money.
Harold​​ says: "Wait, this doesn't feel decadent enough."
Leonard throws gold coins in his path instead.
Harold​​ says: "Mm, still not enough."
A red carpet is rolled out, and the coins are replaced by diamonds.
Harold​​ says: "That's more like it."
Meanwhile, Richard and his children struggle to climb back over the fence.
Richard says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "He's gone!"
Gumball says: "He's gone!"
Darwin says: "He's gone!"
Anais says: "He's gone!"
Gumball says: "Well good."
Gumball says: "He's gonna spend all kinds of money he doesn't have and ruin his life."
Richard says: "We have to stop him!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Why?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Because unfortunately, it's the mature thing to do."
Harold is at the hospital, paying his boss a visit.
At a car dealership, he hops from a moving vehicle, leaving it to crash into another.
Larry says: "Aren't you worried about maxing it out?"
Harold​​ says: "I'll cash the check in later!"
Jackie is at home doing some dusting, when Harold returns with Jazelle.
Harold​​ says: "Jackie, meet Jazelle."
Harold​​ says: "Jazelle, this is my first wife Jackie."
Harold​​ says: "Jackie, I'm afraid I will no longer be requiring your services as a life partner."
Harold​​ says: "You should leave now, I'm destroying this house to replace it with a seventy-foot-tall statue of myself."
Harold and Jazelle are standing across the street, as Leonard Daniels runs from the house with a gilded plunger detonator.
Leonard Daniels says: "The dynamite is in place, sir."
Harold raises the plunger, but is interrupted by the Wattersons.
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Wilson, you need to—"
Richard says: "Wait, son."
Richard says: "I think it is time for your father to speak for himself."
Richard says: "Harold, you and I have never been friends, but there's something you need to know."
Harold​​ says: "Oh, wait."
Harold​​ says: "First, you have to see that."
Up above, there is sky writing depicting an image of Richard alongside the caption, "I can count to burrito!".
Harold​​ says: "Sorry we couldn't fit all of you in there."
Harold​​ says: "There wasn't enough space on the canvas."
Harold​​ says: "What?"
Harold​​ says: "Oh, I-I see."
Harold​​ says: "Uh, sorry, Richard."
Harold​​ says: "I..."
Harold​​ says: "I apologize for thinking you were a buffoon all these years."
Harold​​ says: "You've really..."
Harold​​ says: "Well, you've taught me something very important today, and I'll make sure not to make the same mistake again."
Harold​​ says: "Thank you."
Richard says: "Goodbye, Harold."
Richard says: "See, kids?"
Richard says: "That's how adults deal with their problems."
Gumball says: "I'm impressed, Dad."
Anais says: "But what did you say to him?"
Richard says: "I told him if he stacks his dynamite closer together, he'll get a more intensive blast."
There is a large explosion on the horizon; the episode ends.