At Elmore Shopping.
The episode starts at Elmore Shopping, where Nicole is shown leaving the cart as Anais nervously waits behind a shelf breathing heavily. She then tries to slam dunk a box of strawberry ice creams into the cart, just as Nicole returns back and launches herself to kick it off her hands.
Anais says: "Now!"
Nicole says: "Huh?"
Gumball and Darwin summon out of the shelves, and Richard crashes through a box of cans, accidentally splitting his legs. They are all each carrying a box of treats.
Richard says: "Ow."
The trio runs up to Nicole. Gumball tries to combat her and fails as she grabs his arms and pulls up his sleeves, as Darwin tries to reach into the cart, Nicole tangles Gumball's sleeves around them and chokes them, and Richard comes up to the battle, ending up with his arms also getting tangled. The trio gets thrown off. Anais, from behind, tries to sneak her box into the cart. Nicole notices and kicks the cart, catapulting the product away into Darwin's arms. She then slams the fridge door into Darwin's face, stuffs Richard into the fridge, and kicks the flying product, launched by Gumball and caught by Anais, into a mess of marshmallows. She roars.
Gumball says: "Why can't we just have one treat?"
Nicole says: "Because it's the end of the month, and I work a dead-end job where I get paid peanuts."
All except Nicole sigh.
Nicole says: "That's not a figure of speech, by the way."
Gumball says: "Then why are we even here?"
Nicole says: "Because I asked for an advance on my next quarter, and they said "Yes."
Nicole says: "But not if you're shopping for a good deal."
Darwin says: "What's she doing?"
Richard says: "Sniffing out a bargain."
Richard says: "Your mom's family always had this super ability to save money."
Richard says: "I mean, she had a bowl haircut until she was six, but her parents didn't want to wear down a good bowl, so technically, she had a "doing a handstand in a pothole" haircut."
Nicole says: "Corned beef!"
Anais says: ""This can can be opened by women of reasonable intelligence with limited male supervision"?"
Nicole says: "Well, they're from the sixties, but look, only twenty cents for the whole pallet."
Nicole says: "I guess times were easier then if you were a man and not a minority and were comfortable with the constant threat of nuclear annihilation."
Nicole says: "Ha, how things have changed, huh?"
Nicole says: "Yeah."
The box of corned beef is being dragged by a man at the other side.
Nicole says: "Hey."
Nicole says: "Hey!"
Nicole says: "This is our food for the next month."
Old man says: "Back off, lady!"
Old man says: "We saw it first!"
Nicole says: "I grabbed it first!"
Old man says: "Just leave it already."
Old man says: "It's ours!"
Nicole generates muscles and pulls the box with all her might, cleaning the shelves off of items. Nicole gasps, as the scene reveals her parents.
Nicole says: "Dad?"
Nicole says: "Mom?"
Inviting the Senicourts.
Scene switches to the Wattersons in the car. Richard is shown eating corned beef off a can.
Nicole says: "Oh, I can't believe it!"
Richard says: "Yeah."
Richard says: "You'd think that finding a tooth in this can would've put me off, and yet—"
Nicole says: "I meant how could you kids invite them to the house?"
Scene switches to Nicole's parents driving their car and following the Wattersons.
Gumball says: "Because we deserve it, Mom."
Gumball says: "Think of it as a gift to us."
Nicole says: "True."
Nicole says: "I can't deny you the right to know your grandparents just because of a grudge."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I meant that they owe us hundreds of Christmas presents."
Nicole says: "I really thought I raised my children better."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're right."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "We'd profit much more if they bought one awesome, huge, lump present instead of a bunch of crummy ones."
Nicole sighs.
Richard says: "Come on."
Richard says: "Let's give this another chance."
Nicole says: "Okay."
Richard says: "Just promise me you'll be good this time."
Nicole says: "I can't just promise that."
Richard says: "Why won't you open up?"
Nicole says: "There's so much bad history between us."
Nicole says: "I mean, we stopped talking over twenty years ago."
Richard says: "Why are you so hard inside?"
Nicole says: "I guess it's a way to protect myself, but…  you're right."
Nicole says: "I'll try my best to be open."
Nicole says: "Thank you, Richard."
Richard says: "Uh… anytime?"
The Wattersons' car and the Senicourts' car stop in front of the house.
A Tense Atmosphere.
Scene switches to the inside of the Watterson house, where Nicole and her parents sit at the table, having no eye contact with each other. The rest of the family stands in the kitchen with a translucent wall formed in front of them.
Gumball says: "The atmosphere is so thick you could cut it with a knife."
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Maybe I'll join them and try to lighten the mood."
Gumball slides through the hole and sits at the table.
Gumball says: "Hey, how about a joke?"
Gumball says: "I like my coffee the way I like jokes about the way I like my coffee."
Gumball says: "I don't."
The scene cuts to Nicole and her parents arguing and throwing things in the background. Gumball enters the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Wow, that's the second worst that joke ever went down."
Richard says: "It's not you, son."
Richard says: "They just blame each other for what happened between them, but no one really knows whose fault it is."
Richard says: "It's like "potato," "potart-wah."
Richard says: ""  Who's to say which is wrong?"
Darwin says: "There's only one way to find out."
Richard says: "Of course."
Richard says: "A backyard royal rumble."
Richard says: "Last one standing gets to name the vegetable."
Darwin says: "I mean we ask Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom, Grandpa Daniel, and Granny Mary to air their issues, and we'll decide who's in the wrong."
Richard says: "And then we—"
Anais says: "It's pronounced "potato"!"
Anais says: "And no one's doing a Canadian Destroyer off a shed in the backyard!"
Family Problems.
Scene shows Nicole and the Senicourts standing aloof and frowning off of each other. There is a mess of smashed plates, and the couch is flipped over, as the rest of the family hides behind it.
Nicole says: "Okay, I'll start."
Nicole says: "You have always been disappointed in me."
Mary says: "Only because we loved you."
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Because you always had insane expectations for me."
Nicole says: "Like how you made me wear those ridiculous clothes my whole life!"
Mary says: "In life you have to dress for the job you want."
Nicole says: "Don't you think you started a little early?"
Scene switches to in the hospital, when Nicole was just born. Mary lies in her bed alongside Daniel.
Bandage Doctor says: "Congratulations."
Newborn Nicole is shown wearing a formal suit.
Bandage Doctor says: "..."
Bandage Doctor says: "CEO?"
Flashback ends.
Mary says: "Well, you were hardly easy yourself."
Mary says: "Remember that finger painting you did for Mother's Day?"
Scene shows toddler Nicole in Kindergarten handing her mother a finger painting.
Mary says: "Hmm?"
Mary says: "Aww."
Nicole frowns and turns the painting to show thumbs down; Mary frowns and sighs. Flashback ends.
Nicole says: "Well, maybe it all comes back to the stupid name you gave me!"
Gumball says: "Uh, what's wrong with "Nicole"?"
Nicole says: ""Nicole" is my middle name."
Nicole says: "My first name is "Doctor"!"
Stifled laughter across the Wattersons behind the couch.
Nicole says: "Oh, it's all very funny until someone shouts, "Is there a doctor in the house?"
Nicole says: "" and your parents say, "Yes."
Nicole says: "" Turns out people choking on a chicken wing rarely stay conscious long enough to enjoy the punch line!"
Daniel says: "But we only wanted the best for you."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Like the time I needed a blood transfusion and you gave me the wrong blood type?"
Daniel says: "Why settle for B minus when you can have A plus—"
Nicole says: "Nothing was ever enough!"
Nicole says: "You forced me to join a gazillion after-school clubs!"
Mary says: "We gave you every possible chance to succeed!"
Nicole says: "Yeah!"
Nicole says: "All at the same time!"
Scene shows when young Nicole was a student; she is playing the violin, hits an incoming baseball with the violin over a goalpost, runs while jumping over hurdles, leaps a huge distance to a seat with a chessboard, and kicks a costumed lady over to the ground, touching a baseball base.
Nicole says: "Ha!"
The referee blows his whistle and enters.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "That's a foul, Doctor Nicole."
Nicole says: "Why?"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "It wasn't a karate match."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "It was a drama-club rehearsal of "Madame Butterfly."
Nicole sighs. Yuki suddenly appears and kicks her away.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "That was the karate."
Flashback ends.
Nicole says: "What kind of childhood was that?"
Nicole says: "I was only eight years old."
Daniel says: "Well, at that age, I was already ten."
Nicole's forehead turns red as she crushes her cup.
Mary says: "See?"
Mary says: "That's your problem."
Mary says: "You always let your anger get the better of you."
Daniel says: "I spent years fixing the consequences of your outbursts."
Nicole says: "Oh, please!"
Nicole says: "There's nothing a child can break that can't be fixed with a bit of duct tape."
Daniel says: "What about the time you kicked the neighbor's car?"
Flashback briefly shows Daniel slowly applying a piece of duct tape over a completely wrecked car. When the hood pops, he runs away, and the flashback ends.
Nicole says: "Come on, I wasn't that bad."
Daniel says: "You kidding me?"
Daniel says: "You landed a kid in the hospital!"
Flashback shows a child literally flying into the hospital and ends.
Daniel says: "Literally."
Daniel says: "Not to mention the time you stole our car to see your boyfriend and landed in court!"
Flashback shows teenage Nicole and Richard in the car crashing backwards into court.
All says: "Guilty!"
Nicole says: "Oops."
Flashback ends.
Daniel says: "Again, literally."
Nicole says: "What else was I supposed to do?"
Nicole says: "You always disapproved of Richard!"
Nicole says: "You never thought he was good enough for me!"
Mary says: "That's not true."
Nicole points at a formally dressed bank employee holding flowers from behind the window. Mary signals to cut off his encounter with Nicole, and he awkwardly shuffles away.
Nicole says: "Really?"
Nicole says: "Still trying to set me up with some banking dweeb?"
Mary says: "No offense, but we always thought she could do better than a slacker with a dead-end job who got their pants at the Army surplus store… in the parachute aisle."
Richard says: "How dare you!"
Richard says: "My wife's behind is so small only bats can hear her toot."
Mary says: "I meant you."
Richard says: "Then the joke's on you!"
Richard says: "I don't have a job."
Daniel says: "But did you really have to walk out like that?"
Nicole says: "I left, because  there was no point in trying to fix something that was beyond repair."
Scene fades to a flashback from "The Choices", where Nicole is seen arguing with her parents before leaving.
Nicole says: "I wanted to start over and create something better."
Flashback ends.
Daniel says: "Us too, but we were too old to have another CHIIIIILD—"
Daniel says: "We have a dog now!"
Nicole says: "You never even came to our wedding."
Mary says: "We did."
Mary says: "We went to Rsvp."
Nicole says: "What?"
Mary says: "On your invite, it said, "Rsvp."
Nicole says: "No, Mom."
Nicole says: "It said, "R."
Nicole says: "S."
Nicole says: "V."
Nicole says: "P."
Mary says: "Oh, right."
Mary says: "Well, we went to the town of Rsvp in Moldavia."
Flashback shows Nicole's parents in Rsvp, Moldavia, a barren city, along with a constantly barking dog.
Mary says: "I was the only woman in the region."
Mary says: "Everybody tried to marry me, even a dog!"
Flashback ends.
Daniel says: "Like I said, we have a dog now."
Nicole says: "Wait, is that why you sent Richard and I divorce papers for our first anniversary?"
Scene goes through several flashbacks.
Mary says: "No, that was because you sent me retirement-home leaflets for my fiftieth birthday… With glitter!"
Nicole says: "Well, that's because you tried to ship Richard to Guatemala!"
Daniel says: "No, that was after you took power of attorney over us and got us committed for six weeks!"
Nicole says: "No, that was after you paid for our honeymoon, but replaced Richard with a neurosurgeon!"
Scene cuts back to the present.
Daniel says: "Well, that was after—"
Daniel says: "After… Uh… Uh… Mm."
Daniel says: "I don't remember."
Nicole says: "Me neither."
Darwin says: "Then why are you still angry at each other?"
Darwin says: "Why can't you just make peace?"
Nicole says: "We were at peace, Darwin."
Nicole says: "Separately."
As the Senicourts get angry in reaction, solemn music plays.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I know this is the cheapest, dirtiest kind of emotional manipulation, but there's too much on the line here, so..."
Too many words that piled up.
Mary says: "I think we should go."
Your broken past before the end.
Your heart's too hard to understand.
That sands of time slip through your hands.
And no excuses can erase.
The scars of time left on your face.
If it's too hard to forgive.
Then just give.
Let go of the weight that won't let you live.
Why keep playing this sad game.
Of who should really take the blame?
The memories will fade away.
They're growing further every day.
You want the stream to change its course.
Before it floods you with remorse.
You only need to hit the brakes.
To free yourself of your mistakes.
If it's too hard to forgive.
Then just give.
Let go of the weight that won't let you live.
Mary says: "Nicole, I—"
Nicole says: "I just want you guys back."
The Senicourts all hug each other.
Mm, mm, mm-mm, mm.
Song ends.
Anais says: "Well done, Gumball."
Richard says: "You really summed up their relationship with each other and helped them reconnect."
Gumball says: "What's that now?"
Anais says: "You know, "If it's too hard to forgive, then just give."
Gumball says: "Pfft!"
Gumball says: "That wasn't about them."
Gumball says: "That was about the Christmas presents they owe us!"
Richard, Anais and Darwin express disappointment. Darwin slaps Gumball on the back of his head into the window, ending the episode.