Cleaning Under the Bed.
The episode starts with an exterior view of the Watterson house.
Gumball says: "Ugh, what's the point of cleaning under the bed?"
Gumball says: "It's like cleaning a dumpster!"
Gumball says: "It's designed to be filthy!"
The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin's bedroom, with their mother rummaging under the bed.
Nicole says: "Because this room  Ugh!"
Nicole says: "What is this?"
Gumball says: "Oh, that's a glass of milk."
Nicole turns the glass upside down, and the milk, which seems to be completely solid, starts sliding out extremely slowly.
Gumball says: "Cheese."
Gumball says: "That's a glass of cheese."
The milk falls through the floor and onto Richard, who had been eating a sandwich.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Stone."
Gumball says: "That's a glass of stone."
Nicole says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "That milk had to be at least ten years old."
Darwin says: "Well, at least there's nothing alive under there."
The pizza slice suddenly grows spider legs and squeals. Darwin screams and drops it, then it crawls out the open window.
Gumball says: "Eh."
Darwin says: "Eh."
Nicole says: "Eh."
Gumball continues to search under the bed and pulls out a fish skeleton.
Nicole says: "Darwin the First?"
Nicole says: "So that's where you were hiding."
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Wait, I thought you said that Darwin the First left to live a happier life on a farm with other fishes."
Gumball says: "He did..."
Gumball says: "heh..."
Gumball says: "He did..."
Nicole pulls out the board game Dodge or Dare from under the bed, albeit spelled "Dodj or Daar".
Nicole says: "Uhh..."
Nicole says: "Hey, look what I found!"
Nicole says: "The game you made!"
Darwin says: "Hang on, I'm not three anymore, you're not going to distract me with-- What the what?"
The first of many huge noises tempting them to play the game suddenly sounds out. Nicole flicks Darwin the First's skeleton away while they are distracted.
Darwin says: "Dodge or Dare."
Darwin says: "It's calling us."
Gumball pulls Darwin away, grabs the game and throws it into the garbage bag.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We swore we'd never play that game again."
The Game Starting.
The huge noise plays. Gumball and Darwin are in the kitchen, eating their lunch.
Gumball says: "Just ignore the calls."
The huge noise plays twice. Darwin accidentally squirts too much ketchup, and Gumball's soda comes out of his nostrils. Again, he tries to eat a sandwich, but the huge noise causes him to force his hands in his mouth, which come out through his ears.
Gumball says: "We have to destroy that game."
Darwin and Gumball run to the garbage can and open it.
Gumball says: "It's gone!"
The huge noise plays again. Gumball and Darwin run inside the house and find Anais, Nicole and Richard playing it.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
The others then turn around, confused; the boys leap toward them.
Gumball says: "Don't throw the dice!"
Darwin says: "Don't throw the dice!"
Richard throws the dice, and Gumball and Darwin fall to the ground.
Gumball says: "You don't know what you're doing!"
Richard says: "Yeah, 'cause you didn't write any instructions."
Anais says: "And what you did write was spelled wrong."
Anais says: "Dodj or Daar?"
Anais says: "Sounds like an alien choosing a baby name."
Richard says: "Let's just pack it away."
Gumball says: "No, you can't stop!"
Gumball says: "Once you start Dodge or Dare,  it has to be finished!"
Playing the Game.
The scene shows a front view of the Watterson house.
Gumball says: "You roll the dice and pick a Dare card."
Gumball says: "If you do the Dare, then you go forward that many spaces."
Gumball says: "If you don't, then you have to take a Dodge card and move half the spaces."
Nicole says: "Okay, and how do you win?"
Gumball says: "You don't win, you survive!"
Nicole says: "Okay..."
Nicole says: "but how do you actually win?"
Gumball says: "Oh, you have to roll an exact number to land on the last square."
Gumball says: "Dad, you're up."
Richard says: "I feel sorry for whoever's gonna do this one!"
Everybody looks at Richard, who realizes he has to do it and frowns. The scene cuts to the Doughnut Sheriff standing alongside a store chain.
Richard says: "Officer, please, I need to report a theft."
Donut Sheriff says: "Yes, finally!"
Donut Sheriff says: "What did the thief look like?"
Richard says: "Well, he was wearing a monocle."
Doughnut Sheriff writes it down and sees Richard wearing a monocle.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay..."
Donut Sheriff says: "uh, anything else?"
Richard says: "Yes."
Richard says: "He had a big furry mustache!"
Doughnut Sheriff writes it down again, then he sees Richard wearing a big furry mustache.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay..."
Donut Sheriff says: "any other distinguishing features?"
Richard says: "Yes, he was dressed as a yodeler!"
Doughnut Sheriff continues to stare at him.
Richard says: "Aren't you gonna write that down?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Just testing something."
Doughnut Sheriff blinks for a split second, and Richard immediately is dressed in a suit of a yodeler.
Donut Sheriff says: "Yah!"
Donut Sheriff says: "And what did that man steal?"
Richard says: "A kiss."
Prank Pizza.
Back in the living room, Nicole and Anais laugh, while Richard rubs his black eye with a piece of meat.
Anais says: "You actually did it?"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "That's how it always starts, with the laughing and the Dares, and then later..."
Gumball says: "the horror and fear!"
The ominous zoom-in to Gumball's face abruptly ends.
Nicole says: "My go!"
Nicole rolls the dice and takes a Dare card.
Nicole says: "Hmmm..."
Nicole says: "order a prank pizza."
Larry says: "Uh, huh, and what's the address?"
Nicole says: "Four-twenty Grove Street."
Nicole says: "Oh, and can you add some turkey gizzards?"
Larry says: "Along with the ice cream, pig's foot, and oysters?"
Nicole says: "Yes, it's an old family recipe invented by my grandfather..."
Nicole says: "Old Joe Windypants!"
All laugh except for Gumball and Darwin as the former shakes his head in disapproval.
Richard says: "Oh, man,  I wish I could be there to see that pizza arrive!"
Larry says: "Okay, four-twenty Grove Street, here we go."
Larry drives away on his bike, arrives back at Fervidus Pizza and knocks on the door.
Larry says: "Pizza guy!"
Larry takes off his delivery cap and puts on his worker cap.
Larry says: "What are you talking about?"
Larry says: "I sell pizzas, why would I buy one?"
Larry says: "Well, someone's gotta pay for this."
Larry says: "I'm not paying for something I didn't order!"
Larry says: "What am I supposed to do with this now?"
Larry says: "Give it to me!"
Larry says: "I'll show ya!"
Larry motions throwing the pizza to himself and smacks it on his own face.
Larry says: "I think all these jobs are messing with my head."
The First Dodge.
The scene changes back to the Watterson house as Anais struggles to put on a hat. Anais, with her first Daar, is wearing every piece of clothing in the house, in an immobile mass of textile.
Anais says: "I'm now wearing everything..."
Anais says: "in the house!"
Anais says: "Okay, can someone move me forward?"
Gumball pushes her, causing her to roll forward.
Anais says: "I meant my piece on the-- Uh!"
Nicole says: "Okay, that's six spaces, putting you ahead of Gumball, Darwin, Dad, and..."
Nicole says: "me."
Nicole says: "Although of course, technically, it says every "thing" in the house."
Anais says: "I am wearing everything!"
Anais says: "Even Dad's fat camp girdle!"
Nicole says: "Everything, Anais, not just clothes."
Nicole says: "The couch is a thing, are you wearing that?"
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "Tut-tut-tut!"
Nicole says: "No arguing, young lady."
Nicole says: "You need to learn to be a good loser."
Nicole says: ""The floor is now red hot lava."
Suddenly, the bottom of Anais' extra layers of clothes gets very hot, and Anais leaps out of the clothes onto the couch, squealing. Anais tries to rub off the heat of her scorching red feet.
Anais says: "I actually felt that through six pairs of shoes!"
Darwin says: "It's starting!"
Darwin says: "We have to finish the game quickly before it gets ahold of us and destroys us all!"
Gumball says: "Dude, keep it together!"
Darwin slaps Gumball.
Darwin says: "GET A GRIP ON YOURSELF!"
Darwin says: "YOU'RE UNDERREACTING!"
Gumball says: "THANKS MAN!"
Gumball says: "I NEEDED THAT!"
Gumball says: "I GOT A BIT CALM FOR A SECOND BUT NOW I REALIZE HOW SERIOUS THIS IS!"
Darwin rolls the dice and picks up a Dare card.
Darwin says: "AAAAH!"
Darwin says: "DARE!"
Darwin says: "RUN PAST A DOG WEARING A SUIT OF HAM!"
Darwin says: "That doesn't sound too bad."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Don't you remember when I got that one?"
Flashback shows Gumball running away from a dog herd wearing a suit of ham. After jumping over a fence, Richard, hissing like a cat, appears out of nowhere, sinking his teeth into Gumball and shaking him.
Gumball says: "The worst part is it took four weeks to stitch that suit and it was gone in under a minute."
Richard laughs nervously and hisses with a cat face.
Darwin says: ""Your left arm must do like the player to your right's arm does, and vice versa."
Anais says: "What does that mean?"
Richard says: "Means I can do this!"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "Ow."
Gumball says: "Dare."
Gumball says: ""Take a Dodge."
Gumball says: "" Aww, man."
Gumball says: ""CSD."
Anais says: "What's CSD?"
Gumball says: "Compulsive singing disorder."
Gumball says: "It means that I could sing at  anyti-i-ime!"
Richard says: ""Eat one hundred hot dogs in under a minute."
Richard says: "" That's not a Dare!"
Richard says: "That's Tuesday!"
Richard rushes to the kitchen. Then, Darwin moves his hand to his mouth quickly and repeatedly due to the effect of the Dodj and stops, catching his breath.
Darwin says: "I think he stopped."
Darwin says: "Aw, dude, he's drinking the brine!"
Nicole says: "From now on, you will doubt every thought you have."
Nicole says: "That's ridiculous."
Nicole says: "There's no way a board game can make that happen."
A freaky, tumor-like head suddenly grows on Nicole's head.
Head of Doubt says: "Or can it?"
Nicole says: "Is that head real?"
Darwin says: "It's as real as you believe it is, until the game ends."
Gumball says: "Maybe now you're starting to realize..."
Gumball says: "That came out way less ominous than I was hoping for."
Anais says: "Give me the dice."
Anais says: "Ah, ah, ah!"
Anais says: "Why is it still burning?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "We told you."
Darwin says: "Nothing stops until you finish the game."
Nicole says: "Well, then, I'm finishing the game right now."
Head of Doubt says: "Or are you?"
Nicole says: "Every sentence you say is going to start with "or," isn't it?"
Head of Doubt says: "Or is it?"
Nicole says: "I'll take that as a yes."
Nicole says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "It won't make any difference, Mom."
Gumball says: "The game's too powerful."
Nicole says: "The only power this game has is the power you give it."
Darwin says: "Then why's my hand moving again?"
Nicole says: "The game's finished, Richard."
Richard says: "But these pickled eggs aren't!"
Nicole sighs. Nicole approaches Darwin, takes his right hand and hits the left one. In the kitchen, Richard drops the food he was eating.
Richard says: "Oh!"
Richard says: "Aw..."
At Nicole's Office.
At her bureau at the Rainbow Factory, Nicole picks up a ringing phone.
Nicole says: "Rainbow Complaints Office, how can I help you?"
Nicole says: "This sounds like a very simple problem."
Head of Doubt says: "Or is it?"
Nicole says: "Zip it, you goblin-faced lump!"
Nicole says: "No, sir, I wasn't talking to you."
Nicole says: "I'm sure you're a very handsome man."
Head of Doubt says: "Or is he?"
Nicole says: "Don't you think it's hard enough to deal with idiots all day without you pestering me too?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Yes, of course, I'll put you through to my supervisor."
Head of Doubt says: "Or will you?"
Nicole knocks herself in the head repeatedly with the phone until she passes out.
At Mr. Small's Class.
At Elmore Junior High, Gumball is reading aloud his essay in front of the class.
Gumball says: "And so, in conclusion, if Earth's temperature were to rise by just one degree, average sea levels would rise, leading to a  massive tragedy!"
The class laughs.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Oh, I didn't realize you thought global warming was such a laughing matter."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Three hours detention."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Now, who would like to volunteer for my outdoor meditation retreat instead of having a summer vacation?"
Richard says: "Come..."
Richard says: "on..."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Very good, Darwin."
Mister Small​​​ says: "And who wants to take the vow of silence, as well?"
Darwin still tries to pull his arm down.
Darwin says: "Come..."
Darwin says: "on..."
Mister Small​​​ says: "You won't regret it."
Mister Small​​​ says: "And finally, we also need a volunteer for the eco-protest this weekend where we chain ourselves to a doomed tree for forty-eight hours."
Darwin's arm is still raised.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Are you sure, Darwin?"
Mister Small​​​ says: "I'm not gonna lie to you, buddy."
Mister Small​​​ says: "We're gonna get maced."
Darwin screams in forcing his arm down, making the chainsaw in Richard's uncontrolled hand saw part of the shed.
It's Do or Die Time.
Everyone comes back home, where Anais is sitting on the couch in the living room massaging her socks.
Gumball says: "We have to finish the game!"
Darwin says: "We have to finish the game!"
Nicole says: "We have to finish the game!"
Richard says: "We have to finish the game!"
Richard says: "Just roll the dice and pick the cards!"
Richard says: "Just get on with it!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "We need maximum rolls every turn, which means no Dodges."
Gumball says: "No matter how bad the Dares are."
Gumball says: "Agreed?"
Gumball says: "Dodge."
Anais says: "What happened to taking every Dare?"
Gumball says: "Do you really want to see me clean myself with my tongue?"
Nicole says: "Ew!"
Richard says: "Ew!"
Anais says: "Ew!"
Darwin says: "DODGE DODGE DOOODGE!"
Gumball says: "Dramatic music will play until the end of the game."
Dramatic music begins to play.
Richard says: "Dare."
Richard says: "Juggle flaming knives."
Scene cuts to Richard holding two flaming knives.
Nicole says: "Come on, Richard!"
Nicole says: "You can do it!"
Richard tries to juggle the knives, and they plunge into the ceiling.
Nicole says: "Never mind!"
Nicole says: "We'll deal with that later."
Nicole says: "Drive a car from the backseat."
Nicole tries to drive the car from the backseat with two broomsticks.
Nicole says: "I can do it!"
Nicole says: "I can do it!"
Head of Doubt says: "Or can you?"
Nicole says: "Shut up, will you?!"
Nicole says: "!"
She punches her head and loses control of the car. The car then collides with a street light, making it fall onto the Wattersons' house.
Anais moves her piece on the board.
Anais says: "Dodge bomb!"
Anais says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "Everyone, take a Dodge card!"
Everyone groans and draws a Dodge card.
Anais says: "Freeze frame."
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "That's what we told you!"
Darwin says: "If we all get stuck by a Dodge, we'll remain like this forever!"
Gumball says: "Movie earthquake."
Gumball says: "Whoa-oah!"
Richard says: "Gravity is your enemy."
Nicole says: "Giant hands."
Head of Doubt says: "Or are they?"
She punches her head and knocks herself out in to the backyard.
Darwin says: "Inverted mermaid!"
Richard says: "Nothing happened."
Darwin says: "Well, I'm kind of that already..."
Darwin says: "fish head, legs..."
Nicole says: "Come on!"
Nicole says: "Roll the dice!"
Richard says: "Date a sheep."
The scene cuts to Richard dating a sheep at a restaurant.
Richard says: "I'll have the lamb."
The sheep baas.
Richard says: "I meant chicken!"
Richard says: "I meant the check!"
The scene switches back at the house.
Darwin says: "We're nearly there!"
Gumball says: "Now we need to land on the last square with an exact roll."
Nicole says: "Here we go!"
Nicole says: "No one is allowed to breathe until the game is over!"
Head of Doubt says: "Or are they?"
Everyone suffocates.
Gumball says: "Please..."
Gumball says: "be a six!"
The die is thrown, and it results in a three.
Nicole says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole smashes the ground with her giant hand, causing the die to rotate again in a six, therefore ending the game. All effects caused by the Dodges disappear, and the Wattersons are able to breathe again.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "We survived!"
Gumball says: "All the effects of the game have been reversed!"
The family notices all the damage brought about by their own actions is still present.
Gumball says: "Almost."
Episode ends.