A Little Off the Top.
The episode begins in a barber shop. Larry is just finishing up Principal Brown's haircut.
Larry says: "There, all done."
Larry says: "Let me show you the back."
Larry holds a mirror behind Principal Brown. He periodically lowers it down his right side, then up his left, while seeking approval.
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Perfect."
Nigel Brown says: "Same time tomorrow?"
Larry says: "Of course, sir."
Principal Brown gets up to leave, and Larry begins vacuuming the copious amount of fur covering the shop's interior. Targeting a large pile by the window, he discovers Richard reading a newspaper.
Larry says: "Oh, Mr."
Larry says: "Watterson, I didn't see you there."
Richard gets in the barber chair.
Larry says: "So, how can I help?"
Richard says: "Just a trim, please."
Richard says: "Something like this."
Larry says: "Uh, sir, there is a slight problem."
Richard says: "If you're worried I can't pay, I can assure you I went through my wife's purse this morning."
Larry says: "You, uh, appear to be..."
Larry says: "bald."
Richard says: "Bald people are a joke!"
Larry says: "Uh, I'm bald, sir."
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "Listen, I came here for a haircut!"
Richard says: "I'm not leaving until I get one!"
Larry says: "Uh, are you sure?"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Larry readies his scissors, cutting the strand as an operatic song plays. The hair slowly topples over, its appearance resembling that of a felled tree. Afterward, he brushes it from Richard's head.
Larry says: "Is everything okay?"
Richard says: "Mm-hmm."
Hare Triggered.
Richard, still wearing the barber cape, is at home in his living room. He is pacing back and forth in front of Gumball and Darwin, who are wearing earbuds, on the sofa.
Gumball says: "How long's he been going on like this?"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball sighs, and they both take out their earplugs.
Gumball says: "Dude, you don't have ears."
Gumball says: "Where did you put those?"
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "So that's why they didn't work."
Gumball says: "So, how long has he been going on like this?"
Darwin says: "About three days."
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, why didn't you just tell Larry there and then that you weren't happy?"
Richard says: "And waste my precious breath on someone so deluded?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "I mean, do I look like a guy who's lost his hair?!"
Richard says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh, stand still."
Darwin says: "It's kinda hard to tell with the light bouncing off your head."
Richard says: "Hmph!"
Gumball says: "Dad, you've gotta step up and do the right thing."
Gumball says: "Leave a mean review about Larry online and ruin his life with complete anonymity."
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "That's both lazy and cowardly."
Richard says: "Pass me the laptop."
Classical guitar music plays as Richard ponders what to type. He appears to be making progress, until the guitar is abruptly cut off by the sound of multiple computer errors.
Richard says: "Agh!"
Richard says: "Anyone know my login?"
Richard says: "I've forgotten it."
Gumball says: "Okay, what do you want to say?"
Richard says: ""I left this hairdresser a sad, broken man."
Gumball says: "Dad, you went in a sad, broken man."
Gumball says: "The key to a good online review is to take out all the frustration you have in your life on someone who totally doesn't deserve it."
The music resumes, with Gumball typing instead. Richard and Darwin wince at what they see on the screen.
Richard says: "Ooh..."
Darwin says: "Ooh..."
Richard says: "Hm..."
Darwin says: "Hm..."
Richard says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "And viola."
Richard says: "And..."
Richard says: "send!"
The phone rings, and Richard goes to answer it.
Richard says: "Hello?"
Larry says: "It's Larry."
Richard says: "It's Larry."
Darwin says: "It's Larry!"
Gumball says: "It's Larry!"
Richard says: "It's Larry!"
Larry says: "Uh, yes, it's Larry."
Larry says: "I'm calling about your review."
Richard says: "How are you so sure it was me?"
Richard says: "I used a fake name."
Larry says: "Well, actually, you signed the review, "Richard."
Richard says: "But I meant a different Richard."
Larry says: "A different Richard Watterson?"
Richard says: "I have a very common name."
Larry says: "You uploaded your photo."
Richard says: "I..."
Richard says: "have a very common face?"
Larry says: "What you said was uncalled for, mean, and frankly, full of grammatical errors."
Larry says: "But it's my philosophy that the customer is always right, so if you take down the review, you can get free haircuts for you and your family."
Richard says: "And?"
Larry says: "And you have a thick head of hair."
Richard says: "How thick?"
Larry says: "Quite thick?"
Richard says: "I'll take it!"
Richard says: "a com-b."
Gumball says: "Did you see what happened there?"
Gumball says: "All we have to do is threaten Larry with a bad review, and he'll give us free stuff!"
Gumball says: "And that guy works everywhere!"
Gumball says: "It's a victimless crime!"
Darwin says: "Apart from Larry."
Gumball says: "Effortless."
Gumball says: "It's an effortless crime."
Crime Spree.
Over at Chez Larry, Gumball and Darwin are treating themselves to an extravagant meal.
Gumball says: "Dude, we ate too much."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna loosen my belt."
Darwin says: "Me too."
Their stomachs expand onto the table, meeting in the middle; They belch.
Gumball says: "Belly five!"
Darwin says: "Belly five!"
The waiter approaches them.
Larry says: "I hope everything was to your liking, gentlemen."
Larry says: "Here's your check."
Gumball says: "Eh, I don't think we'll be paying."
Larry says: "And why would I give you a free meal?"
Gumball says: "Because that's the sort of generous touch that guarantees you a glowing five star review!"
Larry says: "I don't think so."
Darwin says: "Four stars it is, then."
Darwin taps his phone screen, and the inside of the restaurant instantly transforms to that of a family diner.
Larry says: "Hey, stop that!"
Larry says: "One bad review online is all it takes to drag a place down!"
Gumball says: "Talking back to a customer?"
Gumball says: "Three stars."
Gumball says: "Take it down to two."
Gumball says: "Maybe we can get a free dessert."
Darwin lowers his rating, turning the bar into a dilapidated building. Hobo and Alison are behind them, fighting over food.
Gumball says: "Want to try for one star, Larry?"
Larry says: "Okay, okay, your meal is free!"
Gumball says: "Five stars."
Gumball says: "Would come again."
Gumball says: "We'll take the desserts to go."
Larry says: "We don't do takeou—"
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Larry sighs. Gumball and Darwin then travel to the Elmore Zoo, desserts in hand.
Gumball says: "Boooring!"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Rhinos, flamingos?"
Gumball says: "I've seen it all before."
Gumball says: "There's nothing new here."
Gumball says: "It's getting one star."
Larry says: "What?!"
Larry says: "!"
Larry says: "You want new animals?!"
Larry says: "!"
Larry says: "Breaking the laws of nature seems kind of wrong."
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Larry says: "But the customer is always right!"
A guttural groaning is heard. Gumball and Darwin look upon an abnormal creature, a mix between bird and elephant, with revulsion.
Larry says: "Ta-da."
Gumball says: "That..."
Gumball says: "is..."
Gumball says: "horrific."
Gumball says: "Five stars."
Next, they decide to go catch a movie at the theater.
Lois says: "So, Man Man, what can I do for you?"
Man Man says: "Well, Miss Plane, I was in the area, and I thought I'd, uh, take a look at your tax returns."
Gumball says: "This movie is garbage."
Gumball says: "What superhero is this?"
Darwin says: "Man Man!"
Darwin says: "He was bitten by a man, and given the powers of a man."
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's weak."
Gumball says: "Guess we'll give the cinema one star."
Larry says: "Wait!"
Larry says: "We didn't make the film!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, but you showed it."
Gumball says: "You should apply a little quality control before stealing two hours of our lives."
Darwin says: "Plus ads."
Gumball says: "Four hours of our lives."
Larry says: "All right, give me a minute."
The film stops, and is replaced by a new one acted out entirely by Larry.
Jock says: "Great game today."
Troy says: "Yeah, we're going all the way to the state finals."
Troy says: "Who's that?"
Jock says: "That?!"
Jock says: "!"
Jock says: "Ha!"
Jock says: "She's just some nerdy girl that will never get with hot jocks like us!"
Jock says: "Troy?"
Soft guitar music plays in the background.
Troy says: "You know, without these glasses, you're beautiful."
Girl says: "When did you know you were going to ask me to the prom?"
Troy says: "From the moment our eyes met."
Lyrics says: "I remember last year, I wanted to see your face."
The credits scroll by. Gumball and Darwin exit the theater and wait by the street.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "I never thought they'd get together."
Darwin says: "They were so different."
Gumball says: "They were literally the same guy."
Darwin says: "Five stars!"
Raters Gonna Rate.
Tobias suddenly rides by on a one-wheeled hoverboard. He goes straight through a puddle, splashing both brothers.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, one star!"
Darwin says: "Dude, you can't review Tobias."
Darwin says: "He's not a business."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball and Darwin head to Elmore Mall. They go up to Larry, who is in a store stacking boxes.
Gumball says: "Larry, we need you to design us a website."
Larry says: "But this is a shoe store."
Gumball says: "A shoe store with a very poor web-design service."
Gumball says: "Larry, raise my eyebrow for me."
Larry sighs, then does as asked. He yelps, falling back in fear of Gumball's menacing expression.
Larry says: "Right away!"
Larry says: "It's online."
Gumball says: "Perfect."
Elsewhere, Tobias is still riding his hoverboard. His phone chimes, and he checks it.
Tobias says: "I got reviewed?"
Tobias says: "One star?!"
Tobias says: "!"
As they leave the store, Gumball and Darwin pass by Billy.
Gumball says: "Too small and round."
Gumball says: "One star."
Billy says: "Hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I dyed this tie myself!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Or is it tied this dye?"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "The sun's too hot!"
Gumball says: "One star?"
Darwin says: "Would not recommend to a nearby solar system."
The Sun says: "Rate me one star?"
The Sun says: "I am one star!"
They come across Principal Brown, panhandling on the sidewalk.
Gumball says: "Principal Brown, what happened?"
Nigel Brown says: "I got a terrible review online."
Gumball says: "One star?"
Nigel Brown says: "No, it was three stars."
Nigel Brown says: "But the student made so many spelling errors, the school board sacked me anyway."
He pulls open his fur like a trench coat, revealing the items in his pockets.
Nigel Brown says: "Wanna buy a pirate DVD?"
Gumball says: "Absolutely not."
Darwin says: "This is bad, Gumball."
Darwin says: "Other people are using our website to review everything."
Gumball says: "Meh, what could go wrong?"
His phone chimes. Gumball and Darwin are given a two and three rating, respectively.
Darwin says: "I guess the reviewer has become the reviewee."
Gumball says: "Terrible line."
Gumball says: "Two stars."
Darwin says: "Ohh."
An ambulance siren wails. The brothers look over at the scene of a bicycle accident.
Felicity says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Felicity says: "!"
Felicity says: "Why won't you help me?!"
Felicity says: "!"
Bandage paramedic #1 says: "I'm sorry, but we can't risk it."
Bandage paramedic #2 says: "Our last review was all, "Emergency response times this, medical ethics that."
Felicity says: "So I'm supposed to just lie here?!"
Felicity says: "!"
Bandage paramedic #2 says: "Hm, patient very pushy."
Bandage paramedic #2 says: "One star."
Gumball says: "Boring accident scene."
Gumball says: "One star."
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Gaylord says: "Come on!"
Gaylord says: "Do something about these termites!"
Gaylord says: "They're eating my house!"
Pest controller says: "Sorry, I can't afford any more bad reviews."
Pest controller says: "Turns out termites have a strong online presence."
Mr. Robinson shakes his fist, then turns to face the house just in time to see it disintegrate.
The termites move towards her, but target the garbage can instead.
Gaylord says: "Oh, come on!"
Bald Faced Lie.
Gumball and Darwin continue to move through the neighborhood, passing by several townspeople who are frozen in place.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "what's going on?"
Up ahead, Richard groans, and they find him similarly immobile in the middle of the street.
Gumball says: "Dad?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What's happening?"
Richard says: "The people in the store said bald guys don't need combs, so I gave them one star, so they gave me one star."
Richard says: "What if I lose that star too?"
Richard says: "What will people I don't know on the internet think about me?"
Gumball says: "Dad, other people's opinions don't matter."
Gumball says: "Only our opinions matter."
Gumball says: "That's why we made the website."
Pantsbully says: "Terrible logic."
Pantsbully says: "One star."
Darwin says: "He's got a point, Gumball."
Pantsbully says: "Not supporting your brother."
Pantsbully says: "One star."
Richard says: "Just do nothing."
Richard says: "If you don't do anything, you can't do anything wrong, and you can't get a bad review."
Gumball says: "Well, I guess if nobody's moving, nothing bad can happen."
Gumball says: "Right?"
In the distance, a taxicab is seen barreling towards them. It is being driven by the soulless office worker, with Banana Barbara in the backseat.
Banana Barbara says: "Terrible driver."
Banana Barbara says: "Too fast!"
He slows down.
Banana Barbara says: "Far too slow."
He accelerates.
Banana Barbara says: "Too jerky!"
Soulless office worker says: "Grating voice."
Soulless office worker says: "One star!"
Banana Barbara says: "Typing while driving."
Banana Barbara says: "One star."
The taxi races past the Donut Cop.
Gumball says: "Officer!"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Nuh-uh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm on two stars here."
Donut Sheriff says: "One bad review, and I could be busted down to traffic cop."
Donut Sheriff says: "And then I'd have to do something."
Gumball says: "I've got it!"
Gumball says: "We made the website to give everything bad reviews, but now that's stopped everyone."
Gumball says: "Maybe if we give the website a bad review, that will stop the website!"
Pantsbully says: "Clunky overwordy exposition."
Pantsbully says: "Zero star—"
Gumball says: "Rude interrupter!"
Gumball says: "One star!"
The taxi gets closer.
Banana Barbara says: "Terrible aftershave!"
Soulless office worker says: "Stinks of banana!"
Soulless office worker says: "One star!"
Larry comes from a side road on his delivery scooter.
Gumball says: "Larry!"
Larry says: "Oh, what now?!"
Larry says: "!"
Gumball says: "You're the only one with a high enough rating!"
Gumball says: "You've gotta give the website zero stars!"
Larry says: "Sure, right away..."
Larry says: "Wait a minute."
Larry says: "I'll do it, on one condition."
Gumball says: "Anything!"
Larry says: "Someone has to admit he's bald."
Richard says: "Darwin, just tell him you're bald."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm not bald!"
Darwin says: "I have a healthy head of scales!"
Larry says: "Oh, come on!"
Richard says: "You're right."
Richard says: "Gumball, just tell—"
Larry says: "Bald!"
Larry says: "You are BALD!"
The sky fills with dark, ominous clouds.
Richard says: "I'm not bald!"
Larry says: "Fine."
Larry says: "Then I'll give the website a five star review, and it will become unstoppable!"
Gumball says: "NOO!"
Darwin says: "NOO!"
Larry raises his hand and prepares to tap the screen on his cellphone.
Richard says: "I'm not bald!"
Richard says: "I'm not bald!"
He drops to his knees, screaming, as Larry's finger draws closer. There is a break in the clouds, and a sunbeam shines directly onto Richard. It reflects off of his head and into Larry's eyes, causing him to accidentally post a zero star rating. Afterward, the entire town immediately returns to normal.
Alison says: "Yay!"
Alison says: "I can go back to not caring what anyone thinks!"
Gary says: "Yeah!"
Gary says: "I can go back to treating other people's mail like garbage!"
Tony says: "Yay!"
Tony says: "I can get back to running!"
Tony says: "Hooray."
Larry says: "What the?"
Larry says: "The website's down."
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "You did it!"
Darwin says: "You did it!"
Gumball says: "You gave it zero stars!"
Larry says: "Gah!"
Richard says: "All right, I'll admit it."
Richard says: "I'm ba—"
The taxi crashes into them; The episode ends.