Granny Jojo's Arrival.
The episode starts with Richard struggling with some luggage as he goes down the stairs.
Richard says: "We should..."
Richard says: "really get an escalator!"
Nicole says: "I told you, I already asked Santa."
Richard says: "Cool!"
Nicole says: "Now, kids, while we're gone, I want you to do what you Granny Jojo tells you."
Gumball says: "Yes, Mom!"
Anais says: "Yes, Mom!"
Darwin says: "Yes, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom!"
Nicole says: "Richard, those go in the trunk."
Richard says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Nicole says: "That's the gas tank!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais laugh.
Nicole says: "Stop laughing at your father, he tries very hard."
Nicole says: "That's the glove box!"
Richard says: "Sorry!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais laugh again.
Gumball says: "Mom, I've been talking it over with Darwin, and I think I'm old enough not to have Granny Jojo kiss me on the cheek anymore."
Nicole says: "Why don't you want your Granny Jojo to kiss you on the cheek?"
Gumball says: "I'm just not into the whole kissing on the cheek thing."
Nicole says: "But she's your Granny Jojo."
Gumball says: "So?"
Gumball says: "Can't we just..."
Gumball says: "shake hands?"
Nicole says: "She's your grandmother and you are going to let her kiss you on the cheek!"
Nicole says: "Between that and her TV programs that's all she has left these days..."
Darwin says: "I like getting kissed of the cheek."
Darwin says: "It makes me feel special!"
Anais says: "He's right, Gumball, it's not the end of the world."
Gumball says: "Well, if getting kissed on the cheek is so great, how come those two always take off before Granny Jojo arrives?"
Richard struggles with getting the suitcase in the trunk of the car.
Nicole says: "Hurry, Richard, she'll be here any minute!"
Richard says: "I know, I know!"
Nicole says: "Richard, her bus!"
Richard jumps into the trunk and Nicole drives off. Granny Jojo alights from the bus, scene zooms into her applying lipstick.
Anais says: "Granny Jojo!"
Granny Jojo says: "Hello, dear."
Granny Jojo says: "Get my bags, would ya?"
Anais goes to get them.
Darwin says: "Granny Jojo!"
Granny Jojo says: "Hello, walking fish."
Granny Jojo says: "Where's the blue one?"
Gumball miserably approaches her.
Gumball says: "Here I am."
Granny Jojo says: "Say my name."
Anais says: "Come on, Gumball, just get it over with."
Gumball gasps and his pupils shatter.
Granny Jojo says: "Hurry up with those bags, Anais; I don't wanna miss the Sheriff McGruff marathon."
Granny Jojo says: "He's the only man of justice, in a world of deceit."
Darwin says: "Anais?"
Anais says: "Kinda busy here!"
Darwin says: "Something's wrong with Gumball."
Gumball says: "She-she..."
Gumball says: "she kissed me!"
Gumball says: "She kissed me!"
Anais says: "She kisses all of us, get over it!"
Anais says: "Geez, what's in this thing?"
Anais says: "Bowling balls?"
Darwin says: "You okay, buddy?"
Anais says: "Aah, look out!"
Bag falls and hits Gumball, showering him with Granny Jojo's garments. Gumball removes her dentures from his mouth, looks at them, and screams.
Granny Jojo says: "Anais, you be careful with Granny Jojo's bag!"
Anais says: "Yes, Granny Jojo."
Anais says: "Darwin, you get me in trouble, take care of Gumball."
Happy Place.
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "Hey I know, let's go to your happy place."
Gumball says: "My happy place?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, you know, that special place you go to when you feel bad?"
Gumball says: "I don't have a happy place."
Gumball says: "Where's your happy place?"
Darwin says: "Everywhere's my happy place."
Scene changes to outside.
Darwin says: "Hi, mailbox!"
Mailbox says: "Hi, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "Hi, tree!"
Tree says: "Hey, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "Hey, dangerous criminal!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "What?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Oh, heya Darwin!"
He breaks a car window.
Darwin says: "Hi, two rats eating a kebab!"
Rats says: "Hey, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "Hi, hundred dollar bill!"
Hundred Dollar Bill says: "Hello, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "Hi, grumpy old guys!"
Marvin says: "Hey, I hear your Grandma's in town!"
Donald says: "Give her a big kiss from me!"
Gumball says: "Find your happy place, find your happy place."
At an ice cream truck, Darwin pays for an ice cream cone and gives it to Gumball.
Darwin says: "Here you go!"
Gumball says: "Thanks!"
He prepares to lick it, but a face appears in it and makes a kissy face. Gumball screams and drops the ice cream.
Darwin says: "Oh, hey look!"
Darwin says: "A butterfly!"
Gumball says: "Whoaaa, pretty..."
Another butterfly lands sideways on Darwin's fin, underneath the other butterfly, making it look like a face. The second butterfly flutters its wings, making it look like the face is talking.
Voice says: "Give Granny Jojo a kiss!"
Gumball screams and shields himself.
Gumball says: "Happy place, ahh..."
Gumball says: "happy happy..."
Darwin says: "Come here and smell these flowers!"
Darwin says: "Mmm, daffodils!"
Gumball smells them as well.
Gumball says: "Hmm, they kinda smell like..."
Gumball says: "Granny Jojo!"
Scene changes to a park. Gumball and Darwin are there, miserable. Gumball sighs. A squirrel climbs down the tree and looks at him.
Squirrel says: "Aww."
Squirrel says: "Why so sad?"
Squirrel says: "You need to find your happy place!"
Beat.
Gumball says: "There is no happy place!!"
Gumball says: "Oh, I'm sorry, little creature!"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry I couldn't help you forget."
The squirrel starts sobbing as well.
Trauma.
Scene changes back to the Watterson house. Granny Jojo switches off the TV while Anais is busy studying blueprints to move Granny Jojo's bag up the stairs.
Granny Jojo says: "Anais?"
Granny Jojo says: "Anais?"
Anais says: "Yes, Granny Jojo?"
Granny Jojo says: "Did you take Granny Jojo's bag up to her room?"
Anais says: "Almost!"
Granny Jojo says: "Well, hurry up it's almost 4:30 it's nearly suppertime."
Granny Jojo says: "TV."
Granny Jojo says: "Yeah."
Anais says: "This should work."
She jumps down on the plank, but the bag gets flung toward the front door instead.
Darwin says: "I'll get the door for you, buddy."
Gumball says: "Oh, thanks."
Darwin opens the door, the bag flies out and Gumball gets trapped inside it and screams.
Scene changes to dinner.
Darwin says: "Eat up, Gumball, dinner will take your mind off it."
Gumball sees Anais mouth puckering after eating her soup, then sees Granny Jojo doing the same.
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
He sees Darwin look up from his soup and makes some kissing motions. Gumball screams. The soup turns into a monstrous form and it chases Gumball all the way to his room. Gumball runs up to his room, and notices his door is locked. He tries to open it, but it reveals that the door knob is also trying to kiss him. Gumball screams before puckering up himself. The soup, which is now shaped like Darwin, Anais, and Granny Jojo, approaches him and they are about to kiss him when he wakes up and screams.
Gumball says: "Aw, man, that was intense."
Soup says: "Give us a kiss!"
Gumball wakes up for real.
Gumball says: "Nooooo!!"
Anais says: "Aaaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaaaah!"
Anais says: "Aww, come on, that's the fifth time tonight!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing out there?"
Anais says: "Trying to move the stupid bag!"
Darwin says: "Gumball, maybe you'll never get over that kiss."
Anais says: "Then you need to fight fire with fire!"
Darwin says: "Won't that burn the house down?"
Anais says: "No, no, no!"
Anais says: "I mean he's got to go through something much worse to forget about Grandma's kisses."
Darwin says: "Trauma therapy!"
Trauma Therapy.
Scene changes to a stadium.
Classmates says: "Go, Gumball, go, yay!"
Gumball says: "What if this doesn't work Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Oh, it will work."
Darwin says: "It has to."
Classmates says: "You're gonna squirm, cry, sweat and scream!"
Gumball says: "Err.."
Darwin says: "C'mon Gumball, this is going to be bad, I can't hear you."
Gumball says: "I didn't say anything."
Darwin says: "I said are you ready?"
Gumball says: "No you didn't!"
Darwin says: "Oh, are you ready?"
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Darwin says: "Run that way!"
Gumball starts running, and climbs up to a tall platform, As he reaches the top of the platform he finds that Darwin has somehow reach the top before him.
Darwin says: "Welcome to level 1!"
Darwin says: "The Leap..."
Darwin says: "of Faith!"
Gumball says: "Leap of Faith?"
Gumball says: "Sounds easy enough!"
Darwin says: "Oh, did I say the "Leap of Faith"?"
Darwin says: "I mean the "Leap of Filth!"
Gumball drops into a dumpster.
Classmates says: "Ewww!"
Classmates says: "Ohhh!"
Gumball says: "You're enjoying this, aren't you?"
Darwin says: "Uh huh."
Darwin says: "Forgotten about the kiss yet?"
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "On your feet, Gumball!"
Gumball continues running, with Darwin by the side.
Darwin says: "You really stink, but you're in luck!"
Darwin says: "You're gonna take a shower!"
Darwin says: "It's level 2!"
Darwin says: "The shower of Slime!"
Gumball passes by below a snail.
Darwin says: "Forgotten yet?"
Gumball says: "About what?"
Darwin says: "About the kiss?"
Gumball says: "Oh I had, but you just reminded me."
Darwin says: "Oh, then welcome to level 3!"
Darwin says: "The See-Through Sac of Sweaty Cheese!"
Classmates says: "Ohhh!"
Gumball enters the tent, the smell is insupportable, he leaves it running.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Forgotten yet?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Banana Joe says: "We're your next level."
Banana Joe says: "The sounds of suffering."
Banana Joe says: "Hahaha!"
They both start making noises.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
They both leave, Darwin comes with Alan.
Darwin says: "Forgotten now?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "How about now?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaaaahhh!"
Gumball says: "Make it sto-o-o-o-o-op!"
Classmates says: "Come on Gumball, keep going, keep trying!"
Darwin says: "The good news is, this is the last level."
Darwin says: "The bad news is, this is the worst."
Hector appears in front of Gumball and spreads his toes.
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Okay, do it!"
Gumball throws up. He tries to get out to get fresh air, but Hector pushes him back. Hector then turns around and releases Gumball.
Darwin says: "So?"
Gumball says: "So..."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "He forgot it!"
Classmates says: "He forgot it!"
Classmates says: "Woo-Hoo!"
I Did It!
Scene changes back to the Wattersons' house. Anais is still busy moving Granny Jojo's suitcase.
Anais says: "Ah!"
Anais says: "Yes!"
Anais says: "I did it!"
Anais says: "Granny Jojo, Granny Jojo!"
Anais says: "I did it!"
Granny Jojo says: "You did what?"
Anais says: "I carried your suitcase up to your room!"
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, well, good for you, dear."
Cut to Anais with a happy face, with a heavenly choir tone playing.
Granny Jojo says: "Now bring it back down, my bus will be here any minute."
Anais' face turns into anger as the view fades red and an ominous chord plays while the camera slowly zooms in. The scene then cuts to the outside of the house, as Anais throws the suitcase through the window onto the front lawn.
I Found My Happy Place!
Gumball and Darwin running around.
Gumball says: "Ahahaha!"
Gumball says: "I found my happy place!"
Gumball says: "Hey two rats eating a kebab!"
Rats says: "Hey, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "I found my happy place!"
Rats says: "Oh that's great!"
Rats says: "Good for you, pal!"
Gumball says: "Hey old guy!"
Marvin says: "Oh no, wait!"
Marvin says: "My back!"
Gumball says: "Woohoo!"
Marvin says: "Ah!"
Marvin says: "That's so much better!"
Darwin says: "Hey old guy!"
Marvin says: "Darn it!"
Scene cuts to Anais and Granny Jojo.
Granny Jojo says: "Anais, give me a kiss goodbye and put my bags in the bus."
Granny Jojo says: "A little bit faster this time, please."
Darwin says: "Granny Jojo, Gumball found his happy place!"
Granny Jojo says: "That's nice fish-kid, now kiss me goodbye."
Gumball says: "Granny Jojo, I found my happy place!"
Granny Jojo says: "Yeah whatever, now give Granny Jojo a kiss goodbye."
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Anais says: "Gumball, give me a hand with this bag!"
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Episode ends.