Missing.
A tune on a music box is playing.
Anais says: "It always looks like a normal day."
Anais says: "Mommy's at work, Daddy's asleep on the sofa, the birds are singing, and the sun shines on Elmore."
The camera is showing Anais' dolls, Darwin's shoes, and a cracked picture of Gumball and Darwin.
Anais says: "It's in these completely normal moments that horror chooses to strike."
Anais says: "The floor was covered in Daisy's stuffing, and she was missing."
Anais is holding a cracked picture of her hugging Daisy.
Anais says: "And I was starting to think she didn't walk out that door on her own two feet."
Anais says: "Mainly because she is an inanimate object."
She puts down the picture and starts to investigate the room.
Anais says: "I could see from this stuffing pattern that there had been some sort of a struggle."
Anais says: "The evidence pointed towards a blue cat and an orange fish, but they could be victims, too."
Anais says: "I needed more proof."
Anais says: "There was no glass on the desk."
Anais says: "The window was broken from the inside, and the prints suggest that someone with abnormally large hands was involved..."
Anais says: "or someone with an abnormally large finger."
She dips her finger in the milk on the floor and tastes it by rubbing it on her gums.
Anais says: "There was enough sugar in that bowl to turn their brains to jelly."
The scene transitions to a brief, trippy slow-motion flashback where dreamy classical music accompanies Gumball and Darwin laughing as they eat their cereal.
Anais says: "Daisy got caught in the middle of their sugar binge, and something so bad happened they decided to make it look like a robbery."
Anais says: "Still, without a body, there's no crime."
Anais says: "I needed a witness."
Anais says: "DAD!"
Richard says: "Yeah?"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Richard looks down to see yellow tape in front of the door. He steps back.
Richard says: "What's that?"
Anais says: "What does it look like?"
Anais says: "Police tape."
Richard says: "Why is it eight inches up the floor?"
Anais says: "Because my arms are too short to– I'm the one asking questions here!"
Richard says: "Are you playing good cop, bad cop?"
Anais says: "No, this isn't a trashy eighties cop show."
Anais says: "This is quality subscription television mysteriously mumbly southern detective."
Anais says: "Y'all hear anything weird coming from this here room this mornin'?"
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Did you hear anything weird coming from this room this morning?"
Richard says: "No, but there was a strange noise coming from the bathroom."
Richard says: "Sounded like..."
Anais says: "Kind of like a slice of ham caught in a desk fan?"
Richard says: "No, no, wetter."
Anais says: "You mean like a cafeteria lady being slapped in the back with a fish?"
Richard says: "Little less wet, little more fluffy."
Anais says: "A watermelon hitting a sofa bed?"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "in June?"
Anais says: "In Kentucky?"
Richard says: "More like fabric being ripped by tiny fingers."
Richard says: "The next thing I knew, the boys ran out of the house in a panic."
Anais says: "Thank you, sir."
Anais says: "That'll be all."
Richard says: "What are you gonna do?"
Richard says: "Don't hurt m'boys!"
Richard says: "Them's m'boys, y'hear?"
Richard says: "M'boys!"
Anais says: "The man wasn't lying."
Anais says: "His boys did something terrible."
Richard says: "Hey!"
Anais says: "Whoops!"
Anais says: "Did I say that out loud?"
Anais says: "Sorry, it was meant to be internal monologue."
Richard says: "Well, you better be nice with your lomonogues, young lady!"
Anais says: "Sorry, Dad."
Anais says: "Another decent man whose sons went off the rails and were beyond his control."
Richard says: "That's more like it."
In the Bathroom.
Anais says: "Two boys high on sugar, and a sweet doll caught in the middle."
Anais says: "I was scared – scared to discover what happened to her."
Anais says: "Could I even open the door to that bathroom?"
Anais jumps to open the door but barely reaches the handle. She decides to kick the door open instead.
Anais says: "She was dragged here."
Anais imagines Gumball and Darwin dragging Daisy into the bathroom hurriedly.
Gumball says: "No, no, she's not responding!"
Gumball says: "We're too late!"
Darwin says: "It's never too late!"
Darwin performs CPR on Daisy, but it only forces more stuffing out of her.
Darwin says: "Okay, now it's too late."
Anais' investigation resumes.
Anais says: "Seems like there was a lot of movement."
Anais says: "They went from here,  Were they fighting?"
Anais says: "Mm, more like Irish dancing."
She imagines Gumball and Darwin dancing around Daisy.
Anais says: "No, they were panicking."
Anais says: "There are droplets on the floor."
Anais says: "What are they?"
Anais says: "Saliva?"
Anais says: "That would suggest an argument."
Anais says: "Oh no!"
Anais begins to imagine Darwin about to cut Daisy's head off above the toilet bowl.
Gumball says: "Do it, it's the only way to get rid of the evidence!"
Darwin says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "But she won't flush in one piece!"
Darwin says: "She might, but you'll have to eat it first."
Back to reality, Anais leans over the toilet.
Anais says: "No, they wouldn't be that stupid."
Anais says: "Eh."
Anais says: "The garbage bag is gone, and toiletries, and their toothbrushes!"
In another flashback, Gumball pulls Daisy out of his mouth.
Gumball says: "It's not gonna work."
Gumball says: "We need another way to get rid of her!"
Darwin picks up the garbage bag and throws their toothbrushes in.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I say we run."
Gumball says: "We've already gone too far!"
Darwin says: "No, we haven't."
Darwin says: "We're still here."
Gumball says: "It was a metaphor."
Gumball says: "If we run, we're goners, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "But who's to say the police will take us down?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, that one wasn't a metaphor."
Gumball says: "I literally can't run, I'd croak thirty meters from the house."
Gumball says: "We need to deal with this here and now!"
Gumball says: "Darwin..."
Darwin says: "I'm sorry!"
Gumball says: "No, no, no, wait!"
Back to reality, Anais stands in the doorway to the bathroom.
Anais says: "The only way to find Daisy is to find Gumball, but this is where the trail goes cold."
Richard says: "Are you done yet?"
Anais says: "Yeah, sorry."
The Search Continues.
Anais is now outside.
Anais says: "I continued my search, but all I found was myself going in circles."
Richard says: "Put your helmet on, sweetie!"
Anais sighs and puts her helmet on, then keeps driving her trike in circles. Moments later, she chugs milk from a baby bottle and puts it down on the counter.
Anais says: "Daisy."
Anais says: "Her chances were dripping away, minute by minute, like milk from a bottle."
Anais says: "Keep it comin', Rich."
Richard slides her another bottle, which she quickly drinks up.
Anais says: "But there are no refills in life."
Anais says: "I couldn't sleep without her."
Anais says: "I was barely napping at all."
Anais says: "Daisy."
Anais says: "Daisy."
Anais says: "Daisy."
Anais says: "And that's when I saw him."
She sees Richard playing a video game on the front yard.
Anais says: "Not him."
Anais says: "Him!"
She looks at Darwin instead, who is putting something in the trash can. When he notices he is being watched, he runs away. Anais follows him into the backyard.
Confronting the Accomplice.
Anais walks up to the front door of the shed.
Anais says: "All I had to do was follow Gumball's accomplice."
Anais says: "Open up!"
Darwin says: "I know my rights!"
Darwin says: "You need a warrant!"
Anais says: "I got an outstanding warrant with your name on it."
Darwin says: "Hm, that is well written for a four year old, but I wouldn't call it outstanding."
Anais says: "Where is she?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Who?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "If you tell me where Daisy is, I'll negotiate your time in the naughty corner down to four minutes."
Anais says: "With good behavior, you might be out in two."
Darwin says: "I didn't do nothin'!"
Anais says: "One way or another, you're gonna talk."
Anais holds a knife-like object, as if to threaten Darwin, causing him to panic and scream. She unfolds it to reveal it is just a handheld fan.
Darwin says: "Thank goodness, I thought you were gonna hurt me with that!"
Anais says: "No, that's what these are for."
Darwin says: "Okay, okay, okay!"
Darwin says: "I'll talk!"
Darwin says: "I'll talk."
Anais says: "Hey!"
Anais says: "I'm the only one who gets to do grisly flashbacks."
Darwin says: "Well, how else am I supposed to tell you what happened?"
Anais says: "Okay, fine."
Anais says: "But do it in your own voice."
Darwin's flashback starts, first showing the house, then the boys' room.
Darwin says: "It was a day like any other."
Darwin says: "Although, we both had a lot of cereal."
Gumball pours the last bit of cereal and throws the box aside.
Gumball says: "No more!"
They laugh hysterically, then Gumball grabs Daisy.
Gumball says: "This is how you laugh."
Darwin says: "And this is how you laugh."
They take turns using Daisy to mimic each other's laughs and end up fighting for it. When the doll tears, their amusement quickly turns into panic. The flashback ends.
Darwin says: "We were just kids having fun, it was an accident!"
Darwin says: "I told him we should confess, but he wouldn't let me!"
Anais says: "I know what he tried to make you do to her."
Anais says: "I know."
Anais says: "But where is he now?"
Anais says: "If it's just a split seam, maybe we can still save her?"
Darwin says: "Save her?"
Darwin says: "Uh, uh– Th-th-the cellar!"
Darwin says: "That's where he took her."
Anais says: "Just one more thing."
Anais says: "Why did you need the trash bag?"
Darwin says: "Wha?"
Anais says: "Oh, of course."
Anais says: "For Daisy."
Played.
Anais walks down the stairs into the cellar.
Anais says: "Somehow, it always ends up at the bottom of a cellar."
Anais says: "This is where we abandon our darkest mistakes: between the treadmill and the fat-free grilling machine."
Anais says: "But I wasn't gonna let the darkness take her."
Anais says: "Not Daisy..."
Gumball is digging out the basement floor with a shovel.
Anais says: "Freeze!"
Gumball holds his hand behind his back as if hiding a gun. He then holds it up and looks at it hesitantly.
Anais says: "Don't!"
Anais says: "Throw it away."
Gumball throws his "gun" away.
Anais says: "I said throw it away!"
He pretends to unload the gun and throws it away, again.
Anais says: "Get on the ground."
Gumball says: "I didn't do nothin', it wasn't my fault!"
Anais says: "Then why are you digging a hole?"
Gumball says: "I was gonna go underground!"
Anais says: "That's not what that means!"
Gumball says: "I realize that now."
Gumball says: "Please, don't make a "pew pew" sound with your mouth!"
Anais says: "Pew pew!"
Anais says: "Where is she?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Anais says: "Where's the trash bag?"
Gumball says: "There, there!"
She opens the bag and gasps, but only finds a toothbrush.
Anais says: "What?"
Anais says: "Like a crow disguised as a dove, he played me."
Anais says: "Played me like an old banjo."
Anais says: "It was Darwin's plan to destroy the evidence."
Gumball holds Daisy above the toilet, preparing to cut her head off.
Gumball says: "Why can't you do this?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Because I don't have opposable thumbs!"
Anais says: "He'd already gotten rid of her when I found him in the shed!"
Saving Daisy.
Anais runs up the stairs and finds Darwin sobbing in front of the empty trash cans.
Darwin says: "I never wanted it to go this way."
Anais says: "What have you done?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "I was too late, I didn't know we could save her."
Darwin says: "I didn't know, I swear!"
Anais says: "No, I don't!"
Darwin says: "Sorry, it was worth a shot."
The garbage truck starts driving away.
Anais says: "The truck!"
Anais says: "As I sped down the road at breakneck speed, my mind also started racing."
Anais says: "How could I have missed so much?"
Anais says: "Daisy was another victim of a ruthless world who didn't know how to care for her fragile beauty."
Anais says: "She was within arm's reach that whole time, and yet, now she's slipping through my fingers once again!"
Anais says: "On her way to be discarded, flushed away, drowning in a torrent of sorrow, plastic bags, and cardboard boxes."
Anais says: "Well, not on my watch!"
Just as she is about to reach the truck, the driver is done throwing his garbage bag into his truck and drives away. He stops at another house, leaving some time for Anais to catch up, but he drives further down the road yet again. This goes on for some time.
Anais says: "I gave it my all, and it still wasn't enough."
Anais says: "I had failed her; that's when they arrived."
The Wattersons' car speeds towards the truck and crashes into it, sending the contents of the bags flying, including Daisy. Anais gasps.
Anais says: "Redemption is a funny thing."
Anais says: "Those responsible for her suffering are the very ones who saved her."
Richard, Gumball and Darwin search the trash pile and find Daisy.
Anais says: "She was banged up, but okay."
Anais says: "Nothing a few stitches couldn't fix."
Anais says: "I found sleep again."
Anais says: "I guess the story wasn't as dark as I made it out to be."
Richard says: "Night, honey!"
Anais says: "Night!"
Richard turns off the light and the episode ends.