What Is Love?
In the library, Gumball and Darwin are on the computers when they hear mechanical noises. They go investigate with their hands to their ears.
Gumball says: "What the--?"
Darwin says: "What the--?"
Bobert's brain is exposed with a screwdriver in it.
Gumball says: "Bobert, what happened?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "Unknown malfunction detected, attempting self-diagnosis."
Darwin says: "What's wrong with your system?"
Bobert says: "A virus is parasiting my hard drive."
Bobert says: "File name: ILOVEYOU."
Bobert says: "EXE."
Gumball and Darwin sigh, relieved.
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "It's not a virus, you're in love."
Bobert returns to normal.
Bobert says: "Processing information."
Bobert says: "Terminology unrecognized."
Bobert says: "Define love."
Darwin says: "Well, love is in the air."
Darwin says: "It's in your heart, in the eyes of others."
Darwin says: "It's in the way people touch, the way people talk."
Darwin says: "And it's all over the universe."
Bobert says: "If I understand you correctly, you have narrowed the definition of love down to everything and everywhere and everyone."
Bobert says: "Does not compute."
Gumball says: "Maybe a song would help you understand."
Gumball says: "Come on, man, count us in!"
Gumball and Darwin prepare to sing.
Gumball says: "Okay, you know what, never mind."
Gumball says: "Love."
Darwin says: "Love."
Gumball says: "What is love?"
Darwin says: "What is love?"
Bobert says: "Yes, that was my query."
Gumball says: "What is love?"
Darwin says: "Does it fall from above?"
Gumball says: "Listen, Bobert, to the words we sing."
Gumball says: "We are love and love is everything."
Darwin says: "We are love and love is everything."
Bobert says: "Warning."
Bobert says: "Circular reference detected."
Carmen says: "I love my boyfriend."
Tobias​​​ says: "I love my toys."
Billy says: "I love my mother."
Banana Joe says: "And I love making noise."
Fart sound.
Rocky says: "I love my television."
Nigel Brown says: "Darling, I love you."
Lucy Simian says: "Love is as old as time."
Anton says: "And love is always new."
Gumball says: "Do we love each other?"
Penny says: "Do we love each other?"
Gumball says: "I guess we sorta do."
Penny says: "I guess we sorta do."
Everyone says: "Love is everywhere and love is in you."
Love is in the stars and love is in the trees.
Listen, Bobert, are you starting to believe?
Carrie says: "Love is invisible."
Rob​​​ says: "Love has no name."
Bobert says: "Love is scoring zero in a tennis game."
Gumball says: "Love is all around us."
Darwin says: "Love fills your heart."
Bobert says: "Stacked up error."
Bobert says: "Please press restart."
Gumball says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Darwin says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Carmen says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Idaho says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Anton says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Clayton says: "What is love, does it fall from above?"
Everyone says: "Listen, Bobert, you need to learn about, to learn about, to learn about love!"
Everyone's eyes turn into hearts on the last word.
Love  def says: "1."
Love  def says: "A hard thing to find."
Hexagon Lady is in the living room with her laptop having her first internet dating chat with an anonymous chatter.
Hexagon lady says: "So, this is my 1st time internet dating, weird, huh?"
Hexagon lady says: "What?"
Chatter says: "Oh sorry, I forgot you were a noob."
Chatter says: "I said I'm new to dating as well."
Hexagon lady says: "Okay, so let's get to know each other."
Hexagon Lady is about to eat her pizza.
Chatter says: "I know you like pizza."
Hexagon lady says: "Nice try, everyone likes pizza."
Chatter says: "But not everyone is eating one right now."
Hexagon lady says: "How do you know that?"
Chatter says: "The same way I know you searched your own name online 3 times today."
Hexagon Lady gasps in shock.
Hexagon lady says: "What, are you spying on me, you creep?"
Chatter says: "It's not my fault if you put your whole life on the internet!"
Chatter says: "Oh and your relationship status on Elmore Plus, it's really not complicated - you're single."
Chatter says: "So,  fancy meeting up irl later this week?"
Hexagon lady says: "Sorry!"
Hexagon lady says: "But my diary is full."
Chatter says: "no it's not."
Hexagon Lady checks on her diary, which appears to be empty, but has her hairdresser day in it.
Hexagon lady says: "What the- Okay, stop joking, who is this?!"
Hexagon lady says: "!"
Her laptop screen switches from her diary to Timmy, who is revealed to be her date chatter.
Timmy says: "I'm the Internet!"
Hexagon Lady screams.
Timmy says: "Well, duh."
Timmy says: "You're on an Internet dating site."
Timmy says: "What did you expect?"
Hexagon lady says: "Get out of my computer!"
Timmy says: "Don't tell me what to do."
Timmy says: "I am legion."
Timmy says: "I am everywhere."
Timmy says: "You can't control the Internet!"
Hexagon lady says: "No, but I can Control-Alt-Delete it."
Hexagon Lady presses the CTRL, ALT, and DELETE buttons forcing Timmy out of her laptop. Scene cuts to Timmy's room which he returns to.
Timmy says: "Normal voice Mooom!!"
Timmy says: "I got friend-zoned again!"
Love  def says: "2."
Love  def says: "It starts with yourself."
Melted Cheese Guy is at Joyful Burger holding a footlong sandwich.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "You are the most beautiful thing on this Earth."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Some might say you're excessive, but they don't know how glorious you are on the inside."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Layer after layer reveals more surprises."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "You are precious."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "You are beauteous."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "You are pure."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "You deserve this love."
Scene cuts to Melted Cheese Guy talking to his reflection from the window and drops his sandwich on the floor.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "So drop your stupid sandwich and go talk to her!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Karen?"
Karen walks in.
Karen says: "Uh-huh?"
Karen slips on the sandwich and falls on the floor. Melted Cheese Guy hides himself from embarrassment.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Nothin'."
Love  def says: "3."
Love  def says: "It's all about chemistry."
The background, houses and trees are in green and white. Two simple-designed stick people, both male and female, walk in.
Narrator says: "Love was once a mysterious force, understood by birds and bees."
Narrator says: "But today, it can be explained by science."
Two stick figures look at each other, designated by arrows.
Narrator says: "Love begins with a visual signal received by eyes."
Narrator says: "This signal goes directly to the stomach, causing what we call in scientific terms "butterflies."
Arrows from the female stick figure go into the male stick figure's stomach, causing it to behave in shock.
Narrator says: "The signal bounces back, causing the body to go into shock."
The male stick figure's stomach goes directly to his heart and lungs, causing the organs to behave in shock.
Narrator says: "The body then experiences a rise in temperature, causing the palms of the hands to perspire."
The male and female stick figures' skin turns red and their hands began to sweat.
Narrator says: "The shock extends to the lower parts of the body, causing a symptom known as "jelly legs."
Both stick figures begin moving their arms and legs.
Narrator says: "Finally, the signal reaches the brain and significantly reduces any form of cognitive ability."
The female stick figure's brain appears and the signal goes to her brain and melts it. Scene cuts to both stick figures continued to move around and behave awkwardly. They finally run past each other. The female stick figure happily hugs another female stick figure and the male stick figure happily hugs another male stick figure.
Narrator says: "Oh."
Narrator says: "Oh well, scratch that."
Narrator says: "There are no rules to love."
Narrator says: "So let's just dance."
Dance music appears as the stick figures began to dance with their partners.
Love  def says: "4."
Love  def says: "It is inexplicable."
Nicole and Richard are in the living room being recorded and the microphone is out waiting for Nicole's answer.
Nicole tries to explain how her relationship with Richard is, but she can't explain very well, as she feel nervous of what to say.
Richard happily hugs Nicole and they both felt happy hugging each other.
Love  def says: "5."
Love  def says: "It makes the world go round."
The scene changes to the Sun and Moon changing the times of the day.
The Moon says: "Oh, hey, hehe, how you doing?"
The Sun says: "Oh, hey there, I'm good."
The Moon says: "Looking hot."
The Moon says: "Hehe."
The Sun says: "Yeah, I get that a lot."
The Moon says: "You know, I was thinking maybe we could-ugh."
The Moon says: "Looking hot."
The Moon says: "That's like asking Saturn to give me a ring."
The Moon says: "Well done, Moon."
The Sun says: "Hey."
The Moon says: "Oh, hey listen."
The Moon says: "About last night..."
The Sun says: "What?"
The Sun says: "That hot thing?"
The Sun says: "Nah, forget it, it made my day."
The Sun says: "Get it?"
The Sun says: "Made my day, hahaha- Uh."
The Moon says: "Oh hey, hey."
The Sun says: "Oh hi."
The Sun says: "Say have you lost weight?"
The Moon says: "Oh what, this?"
The Moon says: "No, it's just if I stand in the shadow of the Earth, it's kind of slimming."
The Moon says: "Look."
The Sun says: "Oh hey, I was wondering if you wanted to, you know, come hang out on this side."
The Moon says: "Uh, ya huh!"
The Moon says: "Whoops, I just flooded Europe."
The Moon says: "It's okay, I've got a better game."
The Moon starts going around Earth and playing peek-a-boo with the Sun.
The Moon says: "Peek-a-boo!"
The Moon says: "Peek-a-boo!"
The Moon says: "Peek-a-boo!"
The Moon says: "Peek-a-boo!"
The Sun laughs and the Earth gets annoyed.
Love  def says: "6."
Love  def says: "It is weird."
It next shows the Robinson's when they were younger and getting married. It then shows them moving into their house and spending time together. Then Rocky is born and they keep fighting, but then Mrs. Robinson coughs indicating that she might be sick. They spend more time together but Mrs. Robinson falls down to the floor feeling weak. It shows Mr. Robinson talking to a nurse at the hospital while feeling sad. He paces back and forth, and then sees Mrs. Robinson lying down on her bed. He holds her hands and she opens her eyes, which make Mr. Robinson happy. She tells him to come closer and shocks Mr. Robinson. Then they both keep fighting ending the segment.
Love  def says: "7."
Love  def says: "It can be messy."
Sussie's parents are having dinner at Dump's Cave.
Sussie's father says: "You look divine this evening, darling."
Sussie's mother says: "Thank you, sweetheart."
Sussie's mother says: "A toast to our love."
They raise their glasses and clink them, spilling their drinks as they laugh.
Sussie's father says: "What did you order?"
Sussie's mother says: "Soupe du jour."
Sussie's mother says: "And you?"
Sussie's father says: "Spaghetti and meatballs."
Sussie's father says: "Would you care to try some?"
Sussie's father tries to feed his wife a meatball, smearing her face with spaghetti sauce in the process.
Sussie's mother says: "Mm, delicious."
Sussie's mother says: "Try some of mine."
She attempts to feed him soup, but most of it ends up on his face. Harold and Jackie stare at them in shock.
Sussie's father says: "Delicious."
They laugh again.
Sussie's mother says: "This is the most romantic night of my life."
They make kissing noises at each other. The other couples are clearly disgusted.
Chicken Waiter says: "Dessert, sir?"
Harold​​ says: "Uh."
Harold​​ says: "Just the check, please."
Love  def says: "8."
Love  def says: "It makes your head spin."
Gary is driving his car in Elmore. As he stares at the Cupcake Woman who is waving at him, he crashes into Doughnut Sheriff's car.
Love  def says: "9."
Love  def says: "It is the answer to every problem."
Richard is walking in the street when he notices Billy crying. He hugs Billy, until Felicity calls the police. Richard hugs Felicity as well as the officer who comes to arrest him. He is sent to court, where he hugs the judge and is sentenced to jail. He then tries to hug the prisoners, who punch him out of jail and directly in the hospital.
[A card reads says: ""Well, it's the answer to almost every problem."
The rest of the Watterson family hugs Richard in his hospital bed.
[Another card reads says: ""Nah, every problem."
What Have We Learned About Love luhv.
Gumball says: "So Bobert, what have we learned about love?"
Everyone says: "What is love?"
Everyone says: "It's what we all dream of."
Tell us, Bobert. What have you learned about love?
Bobert says: "Anyone can love."
Bobert says: "No love is wrong."
I have now become a lovesick dreamer. I fell in love with this old vacuum cleaner.
Bobert hugs a vacuum cleaner while everyone stares, confused. Gumball and Darwin shrug.
Episode ends.