Consequences.
The episode begins with the Wattersons sitting on their couch at home. They are laughing.
Nicole says: "Oh, that reminds me."
Nicole says: "Look at what I found in the attic."
Gumball says: "Oh wow, the family photo album!"
Anais says: "Let's open it and remember all the zany adventures we've had."
A photo of the waterlogged house in "The Responsible" is shown as a flashback.
Richard says: "Oh, that's the time we left you in charge, and you all flooded the house."
Richard says: "Do you remember?"
Gumball says: "Do I remember?!"
Gumball says: "!"
A clip from "The Responsible" is shown, where the kids are launched in the sky by a geyser and then splat on the ground. When it ends, the Wattersons all laugh.
Anais says: "We must have fallen four thousand feet straight onto the sidewalk, and walked away without a bruise."
Darwin says: "Oh, and look."
Darwin says: "That's the house twenty minutes after being irreparably water damaged."
Anais turns the page again, and we see a photo of the Wattersons sitting on the couch with their former season one designs.
Gumball says: "Is it me, or did we all look a bit..."
Gumball says: "off?"
The Wattersons laugh again.
Darwin says: "Let's look at another."
Darwin says: "Haha, do you remember the time we swallowed Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad's supplements and turned into men?"
A flashback of "Because We're Men" is shown, but is suddenly interrupted by the doorbell ringing. Richard opens the door, revealing Mrs. Jötunheim.
Richard says: "Hey, Hector's mum, what brings you here?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Do you remember the time when your kids wound up my boy and he went on a rampage?"
Richard says: "Oh yeah, I remember..."
Clips from "The Colossus" are shown, Hector is seen destroying the town. The flashback is interrupted by Mrs. Jötunheim.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Enough flashbacking!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "If you remember well, seventy-five percent of Elmore was destroyed and somebody has to pay for it!"
Richard says: "You mean it didn't all end well like it always does?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Here's your half of the bill for the reconstruction work."
Richard gasps as the sheet of paper unfolds, revealing a long list.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Why are you looking so surprised?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Did you really think we lived in some sort of fairy tale?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "'Cuz wake up buddy, we don't."
Mrs. Jötunheim gets on her broom, and flies away, then disappears. Someone clears their throat. Richard sees that Principal Brown has appeared.
Richard says: "Weird, that lady gnome seems to think that things we've done in the past have consequences in the now."
Nigel Brown says: "Is there an adult in the house?"
Nicole says: "Oh, hi, Principal Brown."
Nigel Brown says: "I'm afraid I have some not-very shocking news."
Nigel Brown says: "It appears Gumball and Darwin have to restart school from kindergarten."
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "WHAT?!"
Anais says: "WHAT?!"
Nicole says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Why?!"
Darwin says: "Why?!"
Anais says: "Why?!"
Nicole says: "Why?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Because all you do at school is argue about your little problems and aggravate students and staff members until they go nuts and chase you through the halls."
Nigel Brown says: "None of which makes for a decent education!"
Darwin says: "Stop it."
Darwin says: "You're making me hyperventilate!"
Gumball and Darwin breathe into each other. The telephone rings and Richard answers it.
Richard says: "Oh, hello officer."
Richard says: "Really?"
Richard says: "I don't remember any reckless driving."
A quick montage of all of Richard's terrible driving is shown.
Richard says: "Right..."
Richard says: "well I think I just won't pay the fines and wait for this to all blow over."
Richard says: "Bye."
Anais says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa."
Anais says: "If you don't pay, they could send you to jail."
Richard says: "That's exactly what he said, but don't worry."
Richard says: "I've been imprisoned heaps of times."
Richard says: "They put you in then straight away you're just not in there anymore."
Nicole says: "This bill is eight hundred thousand dollars."
Nicole says: "It says if we don't pay by tomorrow, then they can take our house away."
Nicole says: "What is going on today?"
Anais says: "It seems the results of all our reckless actions are finally catching up with us."
Gumball says: "We need to do something!"
Darwin says: "We need to do something!"
Anais says: "You're right!"
Anais says: "But this time instead of diving head-first into whatever stupid idea, we should-  aaaaand..."
Anais says: "they're gone."
How Do We Fix This?
Gumball, Darwin and Richard are running down the street.
Gumball says: "So, the plan is we do all the schoolwork we've haven't done in one shot."
Richard says: "Yeah, but first, we need to get the money for that greedy troll woman."
Darwin says: "But how do we do all of this in one day?"
Richard says: "We need transportation."
Richard notices a bus driving down the road. He steps out into the street and blocks the bus' path.
Richard says: "Stop the bus!"
Gary sees Richard on the road and screams in alarm.
Gary says: "Wait!"
Gary slams on the brakes. The bus slows down, but hits Richard, sending him flying backward. Richard forces the bus doors open and throws out Gary. Gumball, Darwin, and Richard enter the bus and drive away.
Gary says: "That's my bus!"
Richard drives the bus recklessly down the street. However, he stops to pick up Siciliana, then continues ahead. In the Justice Department offices, Nicole and Anais plead their case to Martha.
Martha says: "I'm sorry Mrs."
Martha says: "Watterson but this is the Justice Department, not the "I'm sure everything will be okay if we just sweep it under the carpet and forget about it" Department."
Martha says: "You're gonna have to pay the money."
Nicole says: "This is ridiculous, you can't take our house."
Nicole says: "We're nice people."
Martha says: "Interesting you should think so."
Martha says: "Maybe we should consult your files."
She opens a drawer and begins to remove an extremely long stack of papers. She places it on the table. Nicole tries to speak, but is interrupted.
Martha says: "That's January."
Begins pulling out another stack of papers. Meanwhile, in the Fitzgerald backyard, Richard has crashed the bus through the house. The Wattersons exit the bus.
Richard says: "Okay, okay fine, you're right."
Patrick says: "You!"
Patrick says: "I should've known when I saw a bus driving into my living room that a Watterson would be at the wheel."
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "Stand back!"
Richard says: "I've got a weapon too!"
Patrick drops his spatula and grabs a cooking grid. Richard grabs a rake in response. The other Fitzgeralds walk out of the hole the bus made in their house, and gasp at the two fathers.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Tobias says: "Dad fight!"
A crowd appears and starts chanting "Dad fight". Richard and Patrick notice things may have gotten out of hand.
Patrick says: "This has escalated a little too far, do you really want to have a fight?"
Richard says: "Definitely not."
Patrick says: "Look, just pretend to hit me with the handle, and I'll go down."
Richard says: "Good plan."
Patrick says: "On three."
Patrick says: "One, two-  Dugh!"
Patrick says: "Ugh..."
Crowd says: "Ohhhhhh!"
Richard says: "Good acting."
Back at the Justice Department, Martha is reading to Nicole and Anais.
Martha says: "December twenty-fourth, car collision with Santa Claus."
Martha says: "February fifth, willful destruction of a mobility scooter."
Nicole says: "Sorry, what are you doing?"
Martha says: "Apparently your husband just crashed a hijacked bus into a house and assaulted a man with a rake."
Martha says: "Mmhmm..."
Martha says: "Assault on a municipal officer."
Nicole says: "Oh come on, please!"
Nicole says: "You have to help us!"
Nicole says: "Is there something we can do to fix this?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Martha says: "Well..."
Martha says: "I suppose you can go and apologize to everyone on this list to get them to drop the charges and forget about the millions of dollars you owe them."
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "Great!"
Nicole grabs some papers and leaves with Anais. Martha is surprised, then sighs.
Martha says: "The problem with having a sarcastic voice is that no one can tell when you're actually being sarcastic."
Plan B.
Gumball, Darwin and Richard are in front of Elmore Junior High.
Gumball says: "Okay, we got off to a shaky start, but if we just pull together and stick to this new plan, I'm sure things are gonna go our way."
Darwin says: "So to recap, Gumball and I will sneak into the hospital and give each other facial reconstructive surgery to make us look like the two highest achievers at school: Bobert and Alan."
Gumball says: "Meanwhile, Dad will pose as Dane Prinella big red bus."
Richard says: "Fish n' chips."
Gumball says: "And we'll convince Alan and Bobert's parents to pay him the entrance fee for a made-up British boarding school called something really English like uh..."
Gumball says: "Scotland; simultaneously paying off our debts and allowing us to replace them at school."
Richard says: "Ah, perfect and simple."
Richard says: "What could go wrong?"
An empty street is shown, then Gumball disguised as Alan; his head is detached from his body, his neck is twisted to look like Alan's knot, a string is connected to his head and body, and he has bandages all over his head, Darwin who is disguised as Bobert with grey paint, and Richard appear, running from several police cars and dropping dollars on the road. Meanwhile, at a store called "Chunky Bite", Nicole and Anais try to reconcile with Larry.
Nicole says: "Come on, Larry, just let me in."
Nicole says: "I'm sure we can talk this through."
Larry says: "Okay, I take that back."
Larry says: "Seems just talking to a Watterson's enough."
Anais says: "But don't you think a class action lawsuit is a slight overreaction for repeatedly scaring off your fiancé?"
Larry says: "Every time you guys mess something up I have to pay for it out of my own wages."
Larry says: "Why else do you think I have so many jobs?"
Anais says: "Hmm, never thought about that before."
Nicole says: "Look, I'm tired of your attitude, mister!"
Nicole says: "I'm coming in there and we're going to shake hands and make up like adults."
Anais says: "Mom!"
Anais says: "You can't do that!"
Nicole says: "I can!"
Anais says: "No, I mean you can't do that because he's got a-  restraining order on us..."
In a jail room, Gumball, Darwin and Richard are being stared down by other inmates.
Richard says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "He said punch the biggest, not the fattest!"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
The door opens, Nicole and Anais enter. The door shuts behind them.
Richard says: "Thank goodness, your mother's here to bail us out!"
Anais says: "Not this time..."
Gumball says: "What!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "You're in here too?"
Gumball says: "Ugh..."
Gumball says: "hold on, that's alright."
Gumball says: "I'm sure some unforeseen detail that usually gets us off the hook is gonna pop up riiiiiight..."
Gumball says: "now."
Donut Sheriff says: "Wattersons, you're free."
The Wattersons says: "Yes!"
Donut Sheriff says: "..."
Donut Sheriff says: "to remain silent!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Otherwise, no dinner tonight."
Gumball says: "Where's my happy ending?"
Anais says: "This is the end guys, show's over."
Everybody bows their head as the scene slowly fades to black.
Gumball says: "No."
Richard says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I said no!"
Gumball says: "It doesn't end like this, not on my watch!"
Gumball says: "Hey punk!"
Gumball says: "My dad says that if his dog was as ugly as you, he'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards."
Outside the prison, the wall explodes as Richard flies through it and into another wall. Richard gasps as his face swells into a huge purple bruise.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Nicole says: "Oh thank you, thank you!"
Nicole says: "This is for breaking us out of here."
Nicole kisses the inmate on the cheek.
Nicole says: "And this is for punching my husband."
Nicole squeezes the inmate's hand so hard that he squeals like a little girl and collapses.
Nicole says: "Okay, what now?"
Anais says: "I think Gumball was on to something."
Anais says: "Up until now, every bad situation has gotten worse and worse until it somehow just fixed itself."
Anais says: "There's only one solution left."
Richard says: "What is it?"
Anais says: "Everyone take a problem, part ways, and produce a problem more problematic than a problem of that proportion should probably be."
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Just do what you do best."
Anais says: "Make things worse."
Murphy's Law Realized.
At Elmore Junior High, Gumball and Darwin cause destruction, knocking down students, and bedlam in the hallway.
Gumball says: "It says here, that Mr."
Gumball says: "Small is suing us for giving him claustrophobia that time we got him stuck in the filing cabinet."
Mr. Small's office, Darwin is showing Mr. Small an open envelope.
Mister Small​ says: "Uhh..."
Gumball pushes Mr. Small into the envelope.
Gumball says: "Sorry, sorry Mr."
Gumball says: "Small."
Darwin says: "Do you think we've made things bad enough?"
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "Now let's go and post him to the smallest country in the world."
Richard says: "Kenneth!"
Richard says: "Are you sure this is a good idea?"
A flashback of Kenneth attacking the helicopters in "The Microwave" plays.
Anais says: "Yep."
Anais says: "This is exactly what we need."
Richard places Kenneth's jar into the microwave and warms him up. He thaws out quickly and opens an eye. At Hector's cave, Nicole is greeted by Hector.
Hector says: "Hi, Mrs."
Hector says: "Watterson."
Hector says: "Did you come to give us the money you owe us?"
Nicole says: "Uhh.."
Nicole says: "nah, I just need you to give your mom a message."
Nicole says: "And finally, tell your mom that she has so many warts..."
Nicole says: "that her face spells "Ugly" in Braille."
Nicole is running down the street, she grabs the Newspaper Employee's cellphone as a car flies into the ground behind her. Hector is seen chasing her and attacking everything in his path.
Nicole says: "Okay, the plan worked pretty well!"
Nicole says: "How are you guys doing?"
Nicole says: "Is Kenneth in good spirits?"
Richard says: "Yup, it's pretty bad!"
Kenneth throws a car into a house and grabs a bus full of students.
Richard says: "He's eaten everyone on the bus!"
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "and the bus!"
Anais, Nicole and Richard meet up, and find themselves in between Hector and Kenneth. Hector beats his chest as Kenneth roars at him, and they wrestle with each other.
Richard says: "How do we get out of here?!"
Richard says: "!"
Somebody whistles.
Gumball says: "Quick, jump on!"
The Wattersons get on the scooters and drive away, the Senior Citizens following behind them.
Marvin says: "Hey!"
Marvin says: "Come back with my scooter before I forget why I'm running after you!"
The Wattersons arrive home. Richard slams the door shut as an angry mob forms outside.
Richard says: "Well, I think we've pretty much ticked off the whole town."
Quattro says: "They dropped our baby!"
Julius says: "They blew up my head!"
Santa Claus says: "They ran me over!"
Mr. Small and Mowdown break into a window.
Darwin says: "What do we do now?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Another window breaks.
Rob​​​​​​​​ says: "They kicked me down a manhole!"
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "They're getting in!"
Gary says: "They took my bus!"
Marvin says: "They blew up my watch!"
Richard says: "Somebody think of something, I can't hold 'em off forever!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "This is it!"
Nicole says: "It's all over!"
Nicole says: "The end of the Wattersons!"
Gumball says: "The only thing that can save us is reality being completely reset by some kind of magic device!"
The episode ends abruptly.