Noticing Others.
The episode starts in the school. Gumball and Darwin are in the hallway, some of their classmates are chatting nearby.
Gumball says: "All I have to do is harness the power within and I'll turn into a Super Saiyan!"
Gumball takes a deep breath, exhales then screams angrily. Everyone hears and glances at him from afar. Anais walks by.
Anais says: "Is he still trying to turn into a Super Saiyan?"
Anais says: "Stop, you're gonna pop something important."
Gumball says: "ALL I HAVE TO DO IS BELIEVE IN MYSELF!"
As Gumball screams, his faces turns red and his tail elongates.
Gumball says: "That's not quite the transformation I was hoping for."
Gumball inhales deeply so his tail starts retracting.
Anais says: "Anyway, I'm gonna be late to class."
Anais tries to walk away but she is stopped by Darwin.
Darwin says: "Anais, can I ask something?"
Anais says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You know how you're like, a baby, but you're at school with us."
Darwin says: "How does that work?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's totally unrealistic."
Gumball inhales. His tail makes a 'boing' sound and goes back to normal.
Anais says: "Are you-  I..."
Anais says: "Wha..."
Anais says: "Ack..."
Anais says: "Wha..."
Anais says: "Eh..."
Anais says: "Ah, eh, ah, ack..."
Anais says: "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure what you're upset about."
Anais says: "The fact that neither of you know that your sister, who you live with, is in a year above you in your own school!"
Gumball says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "Look around you, mine's the only class in Elmore Junior High."
Anais says: "Gumball, no it isn't."
Anais says: "The world doesn't revolve around you."
Gumball spins around.
Gumball says: "Yes it does."
Gumball says: "Look, it's happening right now!"
Anais stops Gumball from spinning.
Anais says: "Just try for one minute to see that there're other kids in the school."
Anais says: "Open your mind, open your mind..."
Gumball's head splits in two, showing his brain. Anais puts it back together.
Anais says: "Not literally."
Anais says: "Open your mind, open your mind..."
Gumball's pupils grow.
Gumball says: "Ohhhhhhhh..."
The scene magically reveals other students and teachers walking around the hallways. Gumball and Darwin begin to hallucinate psychedelically when they realize they are not the only students in school.
Gumball says: "There..."
Gumball says: "are..."
Gumball says: "others!"
The hallucination stops abruptly.
Anais says: "Yes!"
Anais says: "And believe it or not, some of them have even more interesting lives than you."
Gumball says: "Pssshhh!"
Gumball says: "Like who?"
A sitcom-style opening plays, introducing Clare, Jared, Wilson and Mr. Corneille as the protagonists of "The So-Called World of Clare".
The So-Called World of Clare.
The focus is now on a green-haired girl who looks depressed. She is holding a book and removing pictures from her locker.
Clare says: "to my so-called world."
Gumball says: ""But luckily, two strangers were about to change my life forever."
Clare turns around to see Gumball leaning against a locker. Darwin is dancing and pointing at him, occasionally mimicking his smug gestures for emphasis.
Gumball says: ""That's right: Gumball and Darwin."
Gumball says: "Gumball was devastatingly, inhumanly beautiful, his face is like a classic painting crafted by an old master."
Clare says: "Uh, who are you?"
Gumball says: ""I didn't realize it yet, but these two were the true heroes of my story."
Gumball says: ""But Gumball and Darwin would help Wilson find himself."
Clare says: "Better get to it now, while I still have the strength in my heart!"
Clare slams the locker door shut and walks off while dragging her hand to the lockers.
Gumball says: "Dude, that girl is crying out for our help."
Anais says: "No, no no, don't you dare make me disappear!"
Gumball says: "Like I was saying: let's get this girl all the help she needs to stay here in Elmore!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Wilson Bilson.
Clare is sitting at the stadium with her friend Wilson.
Clare says: "Oh, Wilson."
Clare says: "Where is the "good" in "goodbye"?"
Gumball says: "It's just before the "bye"!"
Wilson says: "I don't know what I'll do without you."
Wilson says: "The cheerleader in me is so, "Give me an 'S', give me an 'A', give me a 'D', what does it spell?"
Wilson says: "" Sad..."
Wilson says: "But at the same time the goth in me is all like "Ugh, whatever," but the football player in me is all like  and the majorette in me gives a low, sad blast on his trombone."
There's a long pause. Nothing happens.
Darwin says: "I thought it was actually going to make the noise."
Clare says: "Ah, leave us alone!"
Clare says: "Don't you get it?"
Clare says: "This is not about you!"
Gumball says: "Not about Chu?"
Darwin says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "I don't know, it sounds Cantonese."
Clare says: "I said: this is not about you."
Darwin says: "Not a bad chew..."
Darwin says: "?"
Clare says: "Not about you!"
Gumball says: "I'm still not getting it."
Clare says: "Argh!"
Clare says: "Goodbye."
Wilson waves goodbye to Clare while she storms off.
Gumball says: ""As I walked into the distance I realized that whilst I had lost one friend, I had gained two, who were far superior to the other one."
Gumball says: "I mean, what was he supposed to be, anyway?"
Clare says: "CAN YOU AT LEAST LET ME VOICE MY OWN THOUGHTS?!"
Clare says: "!"
Mr. Corneille.
Cut to Clare opening her locker.
Clare says: "Next I had to say goodbye to the person who told me everything I know..."
Clare says: "..."
Clare says: "about geography: Mr."
Clare says: "Corneille."
Clare enters a classroom where she finds Mr. Corneille sitting at his desk.
Moonchild Corneille says: "Ah, Miss Cooper."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Like Shakespeare once said: "Parting is such sweet sorrow"."
Moonchild Corneille says: "And the capital of Sweden is Stockholm."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Facts."
Clare says: "I wanted to thank you, Mr."
Clare says: "Corneille."
Moonchild Corneille says: "If you only remember one thing I've taught you it's this: "Question everything"."
Clare says: "Why?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "No, don't question that."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Question everything except that."
Clare says: "So it's "Question everything unquestioningly"?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Yes, I think."
Clare says: "But, what am I going to do without you?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "As long as you carry that book I gave you I will always be watching over you."
Clare says: "Like, you mean in spirit?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "No, turn it over."
Clare turns the book, revealing a picture of Mr. Corneille.
Clare says: "Oh."
Clare starts crying. She is interrupted by Gumball who is aiming a fan directly to her face.
Clare says: "What are you doing?!"
Clare says: "!"
The fan stops.
Gumball says: "We're drying your tears."
The fan starts again. Clare throws it out the window.
Clare says: "What do you want from me?!"
Clare says: "!"
Darwin says: "We wanna help."
Darwin says: "There's no reason for you to leave Elmore."
Clare says: "There's nothing you can do about it."
Clare says: "And like I said before: this is not about you!"
Darwin says: "我哋唔會話粵語!"
Gumball says: "See, the problem here is your attitude towards life."
Gumball says: "Darwin, you'll be Clare, I'll be life."
Darwin says: "Ok."
A green wig appears on Darwin's head with a 'pop' sound.
Gumball says: "Life is giving Clare a hard time."
Gumball says: "What is she doing about it?"
Gumball says: "Let's try that again, but with a more proactive attitude."
Darwin blocks Gumball's hit and swiftly throws him out the window. Gumball walks back into the classroom from the window dusting himself off.
Gumball says: "Now, do you see the difference between fighting the odds and just moping about?"
Clare says: "Mr."
Clare says: "Corneille, say something!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Uh..."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Brussels is the capital of Belgium?"
Clare says: "Ugh!"
Clare says: "I do not mope!"
Clare walks out of the classroom and into the hallway dragging her hand to the lockers, she then bumps into Anais, who makes her trip and fall with a loud thump.
Anais says: "Sorry, Clare!"
Anais says: "I was hoping you'd bump into me for dramatic effect, but I didn't count on how small I was and ehh..."
Anais says: "anyway, what I wanted to say was..."
Anais says: "Let them help you."
Clare says: "But they seem really bad at helping."
Anais says: "Oh, they are!"
Anais says: "But they're even worse when they don't get their own way."
A dramatic chorus sings and thunder can be heard as Gumball and Darwin stare at Clare through the classroom door with a "cute" smile. When Clare turns back, Anais is nowhere to be seen.
Clare says: "She disappeared!"
Anais says: "No, I just got around the corner for dramatic effect!"
Jared Dawson.
Clare opens the door to the food court.
Clare says: "OH, COME ON!"
Gumball and Darwin are sitting at a table with Jared.
Darwin says: "Jared, you've got to trust us!"
Gumball says: "You have to follow Clare to Detroit, ok?"
Darwin says: "But not straight away."
Gumball says: "Let her get all the way to the airport, then as she waits to board the plane and the last call for the flight is announced, you run to the airport in slow motion, you grab her hand, she sees the bracelet - the bracelet she made for you as a symbol of your love."
Jared says: "Sorry, do I know you?"
Clare picks up Gumball and Darwin and slams them into the lockers, clearly annoyed.
Clare says: "Listen: this is not a story with a happy ending, okay?"
Clare says: "It's a story I write in my diary using my tears as ink."
Darwin hands out a pen, which Clare smacks away.
Clare says: "You think you live in some amazing magic wonderland where everything has a happy ending?"
Clare says: "Well, the truth is: this is real life, and bad things happen in real life."
Gumball and Darwin walk away with a sad expression, dragging their hands to the lockers. Banana Joe approaches them.
Banana Joe says: "Ah, why so sad?"
Banana Joe lifts the bottom of his peel, dances can-can briefly then moons Gumball and Darwin while making a fart sound with his mouth.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, this here is a talking and dancing banana who somehow has a butt."
Gumball says: "We are in a school with a T-Rex, a ghost, a toast, and whatever Principal Brown is."
Gumball says: "Now who dares to say this world isn't amazing?"
Gumball says: "The world is what you make it!"
Darwin says: "But she doesn't want our help."
Gumball says: "Do you want to be a spectator in life or do you wanna play a part?"
Darwin says: "Wasn't this about helping Clare?"
Gumball says: "Yeah that too."
Gumball says: "Now let's go and give her a happy ending, whether she likes it or not."
Gumball and Darwin run off.
Banana Joe says: "Wait, why do I have a butt?"
Goodbye Elmore...?
Clare gets on the bus in rainy weather. She sits down and stares out the window, reflecting on her past in Elmore.
Clare says: "My eyes dropped pearls of sadness as I saw my past drift away into nothingness."
Clare says: "I saw the swings where Wilson and I shared so much, the park where Jared—"
Gumball says: "Stop the bus!"
Gumball says: "We fixed everything!"
Gumball says: "Stop the bus!"
Clare says: "—"
Clare says: "where Jared gave his heart to me."
Clare says: "The picket fences on the streets,  streets I walked a thousand times."
Clare says: "Our old house, its "For Sale" sign mocking me from the front lawn."
Gumball's head hits a "For Sale" sign and he falls off Darwin.
Clare says: "I looked at my friends' houses, houses in which I'd never again laugh, in which I'd never again cry."
Gumball and Darwin are flying on Bobert's back and trying to catch Clare's attention.
Clare says: "But what if I gain from this loss?"
Clare says: "And what does that mean?"
Bobert hits a clothes line, launching him off-screen. A loud explosion can be heard.
Clare says: "Maybe it doesn't mean anything."
Clare says: "Anything at all."
Gumball and Darwin now ride Clayton in his horse form, waving at Clare. She looks away from the window, tearfully. They crash into a van.
Clare says: "The only thing left to do is to stare at the rain."
Clare says: "So I guess this is it."
Clare says: "Goodbye Elmore, goodbye friends, goodbye life."
Credits begin to appear on the window, interrupted by Nicole's car driving by. Anais points to something off-screen. A loud rumbling sound is heard.
Clare says: "Huh?"
The view suddenly shifts to Tina Rex, roaring loudly and chasing Clare's bus. Gumball and Darwin wave at Clare, riding Tina's back as she headbutts the bus.
Clare says: "Ahh!"
Tina headbutts the bus again, this time flipping it over. She takes Clare out of the bus, then Gumball and Darwin help her back on her feet.
Clare says: "What's going on?!"
Clare says: "!"
Gumball says: "Only the biggest happy ending of your life!"
Gumball, Darwin and Clare turn to a crowd while a cheerful marching band track plays. Anais shrugs.
Clare says: "What?"
Clare says: "But how could you ever fix—"
Gumball says: "FIIIIIIRST!"
Gumball says: "We got Masami to ask her dad to give your dad a new job as an engineer at the Rainbow Factory!"
Clare says: "But my dad isn't qual—"
Gumball says: "Qualified?"
Gumball says: "Hah!"
Gumball says: "You don't need a qualification if you got a made-up magic job!"
Gumball says: "Are you feeling happy Mr."
Gumball says: "Cooper?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Mr. Cooper says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "I think what he meant was:  YEEEEEEEEAH!!"
Clare says: "But what about my—"
Gumball says: "Did you just say "house"?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball's irises grow wide with excitement, he shakes Clare back and forth and climbs on her back to show a vision of Mrs. Jötunheim standing in front of a house with a "Sold" sign.
Gumball says: "Well, Mrs."
Gumball says: "Jötunheim used her broomstick to find the end of the rainbow where she stole a pot of gold from a leprechaun,  which she used to buy it baaaaaaack!"
The vision vanishes.
Gumball says: "And now, don't forget your old buddy Wilson, well when he saw a cat and a goldfish riding a T-Rex down the freeway he realized that maybe he wasn't so strange after all."
Gumball says: "RIGHT, WILSON?"
Gumball says: "Riiiiight!"
Gumball screams louder and louder in the megaphone while Darwin pushes Jared next to Clare along with Carrie and Principal Brown putting crowns on their heads.
Gumball says: "And the cherry on top:  JARED AND CLARE, YOU ARE HEREBY ELECTED THE PROM KING AND QUEEN OF ELMORE JUNIOR HIIIIIGH!!"
The crowd cheers and fireworks go off.
Jared says: "Just go with it, these people are insane."
Gumball says: "TAKE THAT!"
Gumball says: "MEGA-HAPPY ENDING, THANK YOU EVERYONE, THANK YOU ELMORE!"
Gumball says: "BOOM!"
Gumball drops his megaphone and starts dancing frantically next to Clare. Everyone cheers, the music eventually ends - as does the episode.