Driving to the Mall.
Gumball says: "No way, man."
Gumball says: "The crocodile would definitely win."
Gumball says: "It's like a torpedo made out of dinosaur."
Darwin says: "Yeah, but the bear would lure the crocodile into a false sense of security with his cuteness, then hug it 'til his head pops!"
Anais says: "Guys, I don't think you fully understand the concept of a zoo."
Anais says: "There won't be any animal fights."
Nicole says: "Uh, I never said we were going to the zoo."
Anais says: "But you said we were going to see depressed, out of shape creatures walking around in circles."
Nicole says: "Yep, we're going to the mall."
Darwin says: "Can we still check out the pet store though?"
Nicole says: "Okay, deal."
Nicole says: "But first, we have to go to the cutthroat pit where men tear each other apart for a dime."
Richard says: "We're going to Wall Street?"
Nicole says: "The discount aisle."
Alison and Phillip fight over a discount flat screen television. Alison knocks out Phillip.
Gumball says: "Well, now we know I guess."
Gumball says: "Crocodile wins."
At the Pet Store.
Gumball walks past a real cat in a cage.
Gumball says: "Uh, Mom?"
Gumball points it out to Nicole.
Nicole says: "I know, sweetie."
Nicole says: "Don't think about it too much."
Richard says: "Alright, you strike a hard bargain but you got yourself a deal."
Richard says: "Three pieces of bait for a cracker."
Parrot says: "Cracker."
Larry says: "It can't understand you, sir."
Larry says: "It just repeats anything it regularly overhears."
Parrot says: "Oh man!"
Parrot says: "Not that chubby pink guy again!"
Larry says: "Tha-that could be anyone."
Parrot says: "With his buck tooth and his stupid clip-on tie!"
Larry says: "Uh, that could still be someone else."
Parrot says: "The man I'm talking about is Richard Butt-Ugly Watterson."
Richard says: "I thought he was talking about me for a second, but my middle name isn't "Butt-Ugly."
Richard says: "" It's "Buckley."
Richard says: "" I feel sorry for that other fellow."
Darwin looks at a fish tank full of fish, feeling sad.
Nicole and Anais walk up to Darwin on the right, then Richard and Gumball walk up on the left.
Nicole says: "Are you okay, sweetheart?"
Darwin says: "Oh, I'm fine, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Darwin says: "It's just, I was looking at all these fish swimming happily in this large tank."
Darwin says: "And..."
Darwin says: "I've said too much."
Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard gasp, then moan while looking sad.
Checking Darwin's Computer.
Nicole types on the computer in Gumball and Darwin's room.
Nicole says: "Let me know if he's coming."
Nicole says: "Okay, how to grow a butt?"
Nicole says: "What age will I start laying fish eggs?"
Nicole says: "Here, a better fish environment."
Nicole says: "I knew it!"
Gumball says: "What are you looking at?"
Nicole says: "Darwin's browser history."
Nicole says: "Dah, what?"
Anais, Richard, and Gumball are shown frantically destroying their devices outside.
Gumball says: "Sorry, we had no idea you were techie enough to check out internet browser histories."
Gumball says: "Please, go on."
Nicole says: "I don't think Darwin's happy here anymore."
Nicole says: "He misses his natural environment."
Gumball says: "Wait, you mean  we're gonna release him back into the wild?"
Anais, Richard and Nicole let out a primal scream.
Nicole says: "I will destroy anyone who tries to take my baby!"
Gumball turns around and looks at Richard, who is literally tearing himself apart.
Darwin is downstairs watching TV. Disturbed by the noise they're causing upstairs, he turns up the volume on the TV.
Gumball says: "Okay, sorry sorry!"
Gumball says: "It just seemed like the rational solution."
Anais says: "You want rational?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Ow ow ow!"
Gumball says: "Okay okay okay okay okay."
Gumball says: "It's not what I want from either."
Gumball says: "Let's just try some irrational solutions first."
Anais, Richard, and Nicole instantly calm down.
Nicole says: "I'm listening."
Gumball says: "Well, if we can't take him back to his world, let's bring his world to him."
Dinner Time.
Darwin looks excited about dinner, Nicole then scoops worms onto a plate in front of Darwin, making Darwin look confused.
Darwin says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "It's a special treat for my favorite little guppy."
Gumball says: "C'mon, dig in."
Gumball says: "Look, it's delicious."
Richard says: "We got some other stuff if you don't like worms."
Gumball says: "Aren't ya hungry?"
Gumball says: "Because I was about plastic bags and some mercury."
Gumball says: "You guys love that right?"
Darwin says: "What do you mean  you guys?"
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "The ejector seat."
Anais says: "Uh, let's move straight to dessert."
Richard says: "Here!"
Richard says: "You can nibble the dead skin off my foot."
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "That's what fish do."
Richard says: "I've seen it."
Richard says: "In the mall!"
Darwin slams the door.
Richard does the same sad look and moan from earlier while looking at Nicole, Nicole does the same, but she looks at Anais, then Anais does it to Gumball through the window.
Ocean Themed Outfits.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "According to this book, "Connecting with your roots," step one is to provide the appropriate amount of sunlight for your loved one."
Gumball says: "Which means they shouldn't be kept in your bedroom."
Gumball says: "So that's why I threw Darwin out last night."
Anais says: "I'm pretty sure that book's about plants."
Gumball says: "Uh, that makes sense 'cause part two is "Cover with fertilizer."
Darwin's head is buried underground, and he's struggling to get out.
Gumball says: "Anyway, uh, step three is to dress appropriately."
Gumball says: "So, what kind of fish wear have we got going on?"
Anais, Richard and Nicole are suddenly in ocean themed outfits.
Gumball says: "Mom, what's that?"
Nicole says: "What are you wearing?"
Gumball says: "Mermaid outfit."
Gumball says: "Why do you ask?"
Anais says: "Because it looks very wrong."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "Maybe we need to rethink this and take a long hard look at ourselves in the mirror."
All four look at their outfits in the mirror.
Gumball says: "Nah, we're nailing this."
Darwin says: "Away from all this craziness."
Gumball, Anais, Nicole, and Richard stall Darwin by quickly talking and running towards him.
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Just no."
All four sigh, then start to get out of their outfits.
Swimming as a School.
Banana Joe says: "It's great we're going for ice cream, Darwin."
Banana Joe says: "But, what's up with them?"
Gumball, Anais, Nicole, and Richard are all floating behind Darwin.
Darwin says: "Apparently, we now swim as a school."
Banana Joe says: "Why?"
All four begin gulping like fish.
Banana Joe says: "Okay."
Larry says: "There you go."
Larry says: "A banana split to share."
Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard eat the banana split like piranhas, leaving nothing for Darwin and Banana Joe.
Darwin says: "Right."
Darwin says: "See you later."
Banana Joe falls apart in two pieces.
Darwin is walking back home, while Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard follow, still floating.
Darwin says: "stop that?"
Gumball says: "So, you're not digging the whole shoal thing?"
Darwin says: "No!"
All four sigh as Darwin continues to walk home. Darwin walks in the house, slowed down by all four "cleaning his gills".
Nicole says: "Oh, it's not working."
Nicole says: "He's even more unhappy than he was before."
Anais says: "I don't think we can ever act like real fish."
Richard says: "Yes, we can."
Richard says: "All we have to do is to forget everything every three seconds."
Richard says: "All we have to do is forget everything every three seconds."
Richard says: "All we have to—"
Gumball says: "But listen."
Gumball says: "To make him feel included, we need to keep talking to him."
Gumball says: "But we just have to use words he can understand."
Using Words He Can Understand.
Richard says: "Ahem."
Richard says: "Ray there, buddy."
Richard says: "What's going prawn?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Minnow?"
Gumball says: "You've been giving us a lot of carp about this whole fish thing and, I eel you."
Gumball says: "No trout."
Gumball says: "I'm your sole brother after all, you know what I brine?"
Nicole says: "We don't want you to feel orcaward."
Nicole says: "We're just trying to kelp you."
Darwin says: "I have literally no idea what any of you are talking about."
Gumball says: "We just hake to sea you like this."
Gumball says: "You know what I'm salmon?"
Anais says: "We cod do batter if you let us fry."
Anais says: "Here's some whale sounds to make you reel at home."
Anais says: "Wow, it's beautiful."
Anais says: "If only we could understand what they're saying."
Whale Caption 1 says: "Help me!"
Whale Caption 3 says: "But they make me balance a ball on my nose and throw coins into my blowhole."
Richard says: "Majestic."
Darwin says: "Ah, look, can you please just get out?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I've haddock up to here—"
Darwin says: "I mean I've had it up to—"
Darwin says: "Ah, just get out!"
All four leave.
Back at the Pet Store.
Darwin looks at the fish, while Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard stare from outside.
Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard look at each other sadly while moaning.
Anais says: "What can we do?"
Gumball says: "Um, I think we should keep him away from the sea and rivers and swimming pools, and just water altogether."
Gumball says: "And other fish."
Gumball says: "Also mirrors."
Gumball says: "And fish related things like chips, lip surgery, and Japan."
Gumball says: "And daylight in general so he can't see anything else I didn't think of."
Anais says: "Well we might as well lock him inside a box and bury him in the basement."
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "That's exactly what we should do!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Ugh, do you have any solutions that won't break our hearts?"
Nicole says: "I'm afraid we're going to have to be rational."
Nicole says: "We have to release him back into his natural habitat."
The Rational Solution.
Gumball, Anais, Nicole and Richard are all crying in the car while the radio is playing.
Darwin says: "Why is everyone crying?"
Gumball says: "Nobody's crying."
Nicole stops the car. The car doors open, releasing a deluge of tears. The deluge washes them up to a pond nearby.
Darwin says: "What are we doing here?"
Darwin says: "Can't we just go home?"
Nicole says: "Well, this is your  home now."
Gumball says: "Well, now you've got the whole pond to yourself."
Darwin says: "Guys, what is going on?"
Darwin says: "Seriously!"
The family stops bawling.
Nicole says: "We will always love you."
Anais says: "You were always my favorite."
Gumball says: "Uh, I'm right here, you know."
Anais says: "Just kidding."
All four resume crying.
Richard says: "We're doing it for you, son."
Richard says: "If it were up to me, you'd be blindfolded and locked up in a basement."
Darwin says: "What?"
All four throw Darwin into the pond. Darwin screams. Darwin swims up to the surface and watches them drive away.
The Pursuit.
Nicole, Richard, Gumball and Anais are crying in the car.
Nicole says: "You all saw him at the pet store."
Nicole says: "This is what he really wanted."
Nicole says: "This is a big turning point in his life."
Darwin says: "Hello?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole makes a sharp turn. Darwin gets thrown off the car.
Nicole says: "And he'll get used to it."
Nicole says: "He just has to hold on."
Darwin catches up on a truck. Darwin screams.
Nicole says: "It's a big leap for him to go back to his natural habitat."
Darwin gets ready to jump off of the truck and back on to the car.
Nicole says: "But he gave us a very clear sign."
Darwin attempts the jump, but fails when he hits a highway sign.
Nicole says: "He'll just have to hang on in there."
Darwin says: "Hey, you!"
Darwin says: "Follow them!"
Pantsbully screams and jumps out the truck. The truck begins to swerve. Darwin screams.
Nicole says: "Life isn't always a straight path, you know."
Nicole says: "And sometimes things just come to a dead end."
Darwin approaches a dead end. Darwin jumps from the truck while it explodes and lands on a yellow car.
Darwin says: "Aha!"
Darwin says: "What is wrong with you?"
Banana Joe and Banana Bob scream and jump out of their car.
Nicole says: "Look, I know we're all upset, but how about some ice cream to cheer us all up, huh?"
Nicole drives off the highway.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Nicole pulls up to an ice cream stand outside of a Joyful Burger.
Nicole says: "Three sundaes, please, and, Richard, honey, what do you want?"
Richard says: "Lots."
Darwin lands face-first on the windshield.
Darwin says: "You abandon me, then go for ice cream?!"
Darwin says: "!"
All four scream then jump out of the car.
Darwin says: "Somebody please tell me what is going on!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, buddy, but you were just so sad when you were looking at those fish in the pet store."
Gumball says: "We tried to reconnect you with your roots, but we could see it wasn't enough, so we kind of White Fang'd you."
Darwin says: "What are you guys talking about?"
Nicole says: "You know -- the way you looked at the fish and then back at us with that sad face."
All four make the face.
Darwin says: "Oh, that."
Darwin says: "I wasn't looking at the fish."
Darwin says: "I was trying to guilt-trip you into buying me the huge tank."
Nicole says: "You were trying to emotionally blackmail me into buying you something?"
Richard says: "Well, looks like somebody's shown their true colors."
Richard says: "You really are..."
Gumball says: "A Watterson!"
Anais says: "A Watterson!"
Nicole says: "A Watterson!"
Richard says: "A Watterson!"
Everyone hugs Darwin.
Darwin says: "So does this mean I get a new tank?"
Nicole says: "Absolutely not."
Darwin whines while making a sad face.
Nicole says: "Okay, well, if I work even more night shifts and stop eating dinner, then maybe I could save us enough money."
Darwin says: "I suppose that's fair."
Darwin says: "Of course, I never knew my real parents, or what my life would have been like in the ocean."
Nicole says: "That's true."
Nicole says: "We cruelly took you in, clothed you, fed you, looked after you..."
Nicole says: "I suppose we still owe you so much."
Darwin says: "You're too good."
Nicole says: "No one can guilt-trip like a mother."
Episode ends.