School Play.
The episode opens on Elmore Junior High, which is showing a school play of Beauty and the Beast. Gumball, portraying the beast, hammily stumbles around the stage as though he is dying.
The audience sighs in relief. Gumball starts gurgling again, much to their annoyance.
Audience says: "Aaah..."
Audience says: "?"
Gumball continues gagging off-screen.
Richard says: "Is the beast gonna be all right?"
Richard says: "He just wanted to be loved!"
Anais pats Richard on the shoulder to calm him down while still reading her book.
Gumball continues gurgling, before finally falling over with a death rattle. The lighting spotlights on Darwin, who is sweating with a nervous look on his face.
Darwin says: "Uuuuuuuuhhhh..."
Mr. Small reaches his arm on-screen and makes Darwin talk by moving his mouth.
Darwin says: "When Belle came to see the Beast, she realized that she had loved him all along and cried for her lost love."
The lighting switches back to Gumball and Penny, who is crying. Suddenly, Gumball stands up, now wearing a blonde wig in place of the beast mask.
Gumball says: "Thanks to your tears, Belle, the curse has been lifted!"
Richard says: "They called him a beast, because he looked like a beast, but her love made him beautiful!"
Penny says: "Yeah."
Penny says: "Now that the fairy's curse has been lifted, we can finally seal our love,  with a kiss!"
Gumball's face lights up and the stage falls away. Penny and Gumball are floating in space once again, like they always do when they are about to kiss. Penny readies her lips for kissing.
Gumball says: "Is this really happening?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "'Cause there was no kiss in rehearsals."
Penny says: "I kinda improvised."
Gumball says: "Then how come we're not exploding?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "We're in space!"
Gumball says: "And why are we always in space when we're gonna kiss?"
Gumball says: "Also—"
Penny says: "Come on, hurry up."
Penny says: "Everyone's looking."
Camera briefly cuts to the audience. A cough can be heard.
Penny says: "Three, two, one..."
Gumball inhales deeply and accidentally headbutts Penny. The curtains subsequently close.
A Small Crack.
We cut to the dressing room. Gumball is sobbing on the floor.
Darwin says: "Come on, I'm sure it wasn't that bad."
Gumball says: "This can't be happening!"
Penny says: "Okay guys, don't panic."
Penny says: "We don't know how bad it is yet."
Penny says: "Come on, tell me how it looks."
Penny reveals her eye to Gumball and Darwin. They both inhale sharply.
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "it's a nice scar."
Gumball says: "Gives you character, like a..."
Gumball says: "beautiful warlord or an adorable Frankenstein, or something."
Penny says: "Wait, I've got a scar?!"
Penny says: "!"
Darwin says: "No, don't worry."
Darwin says: "It's not a scar, it's more of a crack!"
Penny says: "What?!"
Penny says: "!"
Penny says: "How bad is it?!"
Penny says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, no, it's cute!"
Gumball says: "It's like there was a teeny-weeny really pretty earthquake in your face."
Penny looks at herself in the mirror and examines the crack in her eye. Something yellow sparks up within it, so she quickly covers up her eye again.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Penny says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "Ohh, what have I done?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball takes Penny's hand and slaps his face with it repeatedly.
Penny says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Hurting your head made his heart hurt, so he's hurting his head with your hand to heal his heart."
Gumball spins Penny in her chair, making her accidentally kick Gumball. He then takes Penny's foot and slams it against his head repeatedly.
Penny says: "Look, if you really want to do something, just help me fix this."
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Well, maybe if we put the accent on your good eye and integrate the area of discontent into the piece as a whole, no one will notice."
Darwin says: "Okay, pass me the rouge."
Darwin says: "Forget it, pass me the paint roller."
Scene cuts to the outside of the room and then to Penny with a crudely drawn eye and mouth on the right side of her face.
Penny says: "Guys, this isn't going to work."
Penny says: "I'm going to have to tell my dad."
Street.
Gumball, Darwin and Penny are walking down the street at night.
Gumball says: "Hey, so, um, you know when you were looking at your eye and there was that..."
Gumball says: "mm..."
Gumball says: "what was that?"
Penny says: "Don't know what you mean."
Gumball says: "You know, there was that..."
Penny says: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Gumball says: "You know."
Gumball says: "The..."
Penny says: "I really don't know—"
Darwin says: "What's in the shell, woman?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Penny says: "Okay."
Penny says: "It's the..."
Penny says: "It's the real me."
Gumball says: "Get outta here!"
Gumball says: "Can I see?"
Penny says: "No."
Penny says: "No one can see."
Penny says: "My dad would go nuts."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, young lady."
Darwin imitates a rim shot.
The Fitzgerald House.
Gumball and Penny are both flapping their tongues at each other, looking angry.
Darwin says: "Okay, I think you've done enough argument warm-up."
Darwin says: "Are you ready to tell her dad now?"
Gumball takes the newspaper Darwin was reading and shoots his tongue through it, making several holes.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I guess it's time."
Gumball says: "No, I'm still terrified."
Gumball and Penny start flapping their tongues again.
Penny's father, Patrick, opens the door. Penny is facing Gumball with her back towards her father, giving the appearance of the two of them French kissing.
Patrick says: "Hey!"
Patrick says: "What's going on here?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Penny gasps and covers her cracked eye, moving away.
Patrick says: "Penny!"
Patrick says: "Where were you?"
Patrick says: "We were worried sick!"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Fitzgerald!"
Gumball says: "Can I call you Rob?"
Patrick says: "No."
Gumball says: "Can I call you Bobby?"
Patrick grunts.
Gumball says: "Bobert?"
Gumball says: "The Bebop?"
Gumball says: "Burcher?"
Gumball says: "Bobzilla?"
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Gumball says: "Trebor!"
Gumball says: "That's Robert backwards."
Patrick says: "My name is Patrick."
Penny says: "Okay Dad, before you say anything, don't get mad."
Penny removes her hand from her eye, revealing the crack.
Patrick says: "What the—"
Patrick says: "?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Patrick says: "What happened?"
Patrick steps forward.
Patrick says: "Were you involved in this?"
Darwin says: "I wouldn't say involved, more like directly responsi—"
Gumball grabs Darwin's tongue.
Gumball says: "I don't see the problem."
Gumball says: "I mean, what's inside that shell that's so scary?"
Patrick says: "Something unstable and dangerous, and we need to fix this right now!"
Gumball says: "HEY!"
Patrick drags Penny inside, Gumball and Darwin follow.
Penny says: "What if I don't want to be fixed?!"
Penny says: "!"
Patrick says: "You don't know what you want, Penny."
Patrick says: "AND YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU’RE MESSING WITH!"
Gumball says: "How would you know?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "He's right, Dad."
Penny says: "Everyone in the family has spent their whole lives hiding from themselves!"
Patrick says: "Penny, you're grounded!"
Penny says: "Ugh!"
Patrick says: "Now listen, you."
Patrick says: "Penny is my daughter, AND I DECIDE WHAT'S BEST FOR HER!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "So "best" is not being herself?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Camera zooms out, revealing Gumball standing on Darwin's shoulders. Unimpressed, Patrick pushes Gumball and Darwin out, slamming the door.
Gumball says: "Hey Patrick, come on!"
Gumball says: "Pat!"
Gumball says: "Pat-man!"
Gumball says: "Patty-cakes?"
Gumball says: "Let's just go."
Gumball leaves the Fitzgerald's house, riding on Darwin.
The Watterson House.
Everyone is eating dinner. Anais feeds Nicole her food, Nicole feeds Darwin, and Darwin tries to feed Gumball, but he refuses to eat. Richard gapes at Gumball, silently motioning to be fed.
Anais says: "Why are we doing this again?"
Nicole says: "Because your father is always jealous of what's on his neighbor's plate."
Anais says: "But why do we all have to do it?"
Nicole says: "Because he always cries when he's the first one to finish."
Richard says: "Nicole!"
Richard says: "Operation Greener Grass has failed!"
Richard says: "The chain is compromised!"
Richard says: "We are losing calories!"
Richard says: "Repeat: we are losing calories!"
Nicole says: "What's wrong, Gumball, honey?"
Nicole says: "Don't you like Darwin's dinner?"
Gumball says: "I don't wanna talk about it."
Darwin stops eating.
Darwin says: "Gumball headbutted Penny, and now he's never allowed to see her again."
Gumball says: "I meant I don't want anybody to talk about it."
Richard says: "Aww, come here."
Penny's True Form.
Gumball walks off to his bedroom, depressed.
Nicole says: "You okay, honey?"
Nicole says: "You had nothing to eat."
Gumball says: "Pft, don't worry mom!"
Gumball says: "I'm a big boy, I'll be fine."
Once inside his room, Gumball leaps onto his bed and cries. He stops when he hears and sees Penny knocking on the window of his room outside.
Gumball says: "Penny?"
Gumball lifts his head up, revealing a facial imprint on the pillow. He then opens the window and lets Penny in.
Penny says: "Thanks."
Penny says: "Gumball, I came to…  Have you been crying?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I just have really sweaty eyes."
Gumball says: "Wait, that's disgusting."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I was crying."
Penny says: "I came to say… I'm moving to another school."
Penny says: "Dad thinks it's for the best."
Gumball says: "WHAT THE WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Excuse my French, Penny, BUT THIS IS TOTAL BAGUETTE!"
Gumball says: "It is not for the best that you're forbidden—"
Nicole, Anais, Darwin and Richard are listening to them through the door. Richard's stomach growls.
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "to be who you really are!"
Penny says: "But there's no other way."
Anais says: "Shh!"
Darwin says: "Shh!"
Nicole says: "Shh!"
Richard says: "Shh!"
Penny says: "What do you want me to do?"
Scene changes back to the bedroom.
Gumball says: "Be yourself."
Gumball says: "Come out of your shell."
Penny says: "But maybe you wouldn't like the real me."
Gumball says: "There's no way that could be true."
Gumball says: "Whatever is inside, we can deal with it together."
Penny says: "Together?"
Gumball says: "Together."
Penny says: "You're right."
Penny says: "You're right!"
Penny says: "I'm gonna do it!"
Gumball says: "That's it."
Gumball says: "Break free, Penny!"
Penny says: "Okay, here we go!"
Penny says: "I'm gonna be… MYSELF!"
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Gumball says: "Y-you look… you look—"
Penny​​​ says: "What?"
Penny​​​ says: "Do I look bad?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "You look, uh—"
Penny​​​ says: "I look disgusting, don't I?!"
Penny​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "No, Penny, I think you look—"
Penny​​​ says: "Don't look at me!"
Penny​​​ says: "I'M A MONSTER!!!"
Penny shape-shifts into an amorphous fist, breaks through the wall of Gumball's room, and flies away, now in the form of a gargoyle.
Gumball says: "No, Penny, wait!"
Gumball says: "You look… extraordinary."
Richard says: "NO!"
Richard says: "It's a tragic misunderstanding that could have been really easily avoided if he just finished his sentence in time!"
Nicole slowly opens the door and the rest of the Wattersons rush into Gumball's room.
Gumball climbs down the ladder, going after Penny.
Gumball says: "Penny, please wait!"
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Chasing After Penny.
Penny shape-shifts into a jackalope. Gumball continues running after her.
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Gumball says: "Let me finish… please stop running!"
Gumball says: "My sweat marks are reaching my pants!"
Penny stops and looks back.
Gumball continues, panting and trying to finish his sentence.
Penny runs into the street, and in front of the Wilsons' car. It screeches to a halt.
Jackie​ says: "Ah!"
Jackie​ says: "Harold, do something!"
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "Hello, is that pest control?"
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah, yeah, I need help!"
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "What does it look like?"
Jackie​​​​​​​​ says: "Kinda like an ugly cow on steroids but… uglier."
Penny groans dismally and runs away.
Gumball says: "PENNY, COME BACK!"
Penny​ says: "I'm disgusting!"
Penny​ says: "I'm a disgusting pig!"
Gumball and Penny encounter Patrick in his car. It screeches to a halt.
Patrick says: "What the…?"
Patrick says: "You came out of your shell."
Gumball says: "I know, she looks fantastic, right?"
Patrick says: "What have you done?"
Patrick says: "You've turned her into a freak."
Gumball says: "A freak…ishly beautiful young lady."
Gumball says: "-ture of beauty."
Gumball says: "Ha ha, absolutely!"
Patrick says: "You turned my daughter into a monster!"
Gumball says: "-truck!"
Gumball says: "Of..."
Gumball says: "prettiness?"
Penny shrieks as she transforms into a dragon.
Gumball turns to Patrick, with an angry expression on his face.
Patrick says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Ohh, I wonder why my daughter is upset after I called her a freaky pig monster!"
Gumball hops on the hood of Patrick's car.
Gumball says: "NOW, WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, I'M GONNA HAVE TO ASK YOU TO SHUT UP!"
Gumball says: "Think about what you've done!"
Gumball says: "Do you realize you were wrong?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Good!"
Gumball says: "But don't beat yourself up about it, parenting is hard!"
Gumball says: "Now pop the hood."
Patrick pops the hood of his car, launching Gumball up into the sky, and onto Penny.
Gumball says: "I'm not letting you leave!"
Penny​ says: "Gumball, no!"
Penny​ says: "You'll get hurt!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Look out!"
Gumball says: "AAH!"
A plane approaches them. They barely dodge it.
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Gumball says: "Go up go up GO UP!"
Penny​ says: "You're too heavy!"
Gumball says: "Aww, man!"
Gumball crashes into a window of the Banana's house. Penny lands on the roof.
The Bananas' House.
Gumball lands in Banana Barbara's studio, where she is painting a picture of him. Weirded out a bit, he runs into the bathroom the scene that Banana Barbara had painted him in, startling a bathing Banana Bob.
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "AAAAH!"
Gumball bursts into Banana Joe's room, where he sees him on the computer, watching an orange being peeled. Banana Joe turns around, looking shocked, and Gumball looks back, clearly confused, and slowly closes the door. Finally, the scene cuts outside the house, where Penny is preparing to take off.
Gumball says: "WAIT!"
Gumball crashes out of another window, and grabs Penny's leg as she flies off again.
Penny​ says: "Gumball, get off."
Penny​ says: "Let me go!"
Gumball says: "NOOOOOO!"
Gumball screams in terror as the two of  them are now flying hastily over the Elmore Expressway.
Pest Control.
Penny​​ says: "Why do you care?"
Penny​​ says: "I'm nothing to you now!"
Penny is flying into the path of an oncoming truck.
Gumball says: "Y-you know what?"
Gumball says: "Maybe you're right, you're nothing to me!"
The truck is approaching fast.
Gumball says: "You hear?"
Gumball says: "You're nothing!"
Hurt by this remark, Penny shape-shifts into a small spirit form, which resembles her shell. Gumball catches her and tumbles under the oncoming truck.
Penny​​ says: "I knew it!"
Gumball says: "No, no, no!"
Gumball says: "I just said that so you'd shrink."
Penny shape-shifts into a hairy creature and flees. A pest control van pulls up in front of Gumball.
Pest controller says: "Pest control!"
Pest controller says: "Outta the way!"
The pest controller aims his gun at Penny. Patrick rams his car into the pest controller's van, making him miss his shot. Penny stops and looks back for a moment before growling and getting back on her tracks.
Patrick says: "Hey, kid!"
Patrick says: "Go get her."
Gumball nods, and runs after her. Patrick's car's airbag suddenly deploys. The pest controller, now out of his van, loads another dart and aims at Penny. The rest of the Wattersons, in their car, block his shot, and Nicole exits the car.
Nicole says: "Stop!"
Pest controller says: "Oh, creepers!"
Pest controller says: "I am so sorry, madam!"
Nicole says: "How dare you!"
Nicole says: "You shot me!"
Nicole says: "Kids, help me teach this guy a lesson."
Darwin and Anais grab her limp arm and leg, stretching them over to the pest controller, and repeatedly slap him with them.
Richard exits the car and calls out to Gumball.
Richard says: "That's it, Gum-Belle!"
Richard says: "Go save the beast!"
A Happy Ending.
In the forest, a wolf is heard howling.
Gumball says: "Penny?"
Gumball says: "Penny?"
Pushing aside some branches, he finds Penny, now in the form of a wolf, and walks towards her. Penny grunts, knowing he has found her.
Gumball says: "You know I… I-I was trying to protect you back there."
Penny​ says: "Yes, I know."
Gumball says: "And you know why?"
Penny​ says: "Yes, I know why."
Penny​ says: "But just look at me, what will you think when people laugh at us?"
Gumball says: "No offense, but you kiiinda looked like a big coconut with holes in it before."
Penny​ says: "But do you really think you could love…  THIS?!"
Penny​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's not what you are, it's just how you feel."
Gumball grabs Penny and kisses her on the lips. Penny's eyes widen in surprise and she lets out a small gasp. As they kiss, the space background reappears and Penny morphs back through all her previously seen forms in reverse chronological order until she is back to her base form. Finishing the kiss, they stare at each other affectionately. Richard in the background with the rest of the Wattersons and Patrick, watching them happily vocalizes the music, heavenly.
Richard says: "…like in their play, but backwards!"
Anais says: "Yeah, I kinda think we all got that, Dad."
Episode ends.