Realizing Nicole's Sacrifices.
The episode begins with Nicole looking at her old stuff in her bedroom, then she sighs.
Gumball says: "Mom?"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Nicole says: "Oh, just looking at this list of dreams that I traded with this list of chores."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "you might want to add cleaning the house to it."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "How?"
Nicole says: "I just finished cleaning literally two minutes ago."
Nicole says: "How could you guys make a mess so quickly?"
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
A flashback occurs, depicting Gumball and Darwin getting their milk carton and cereal. However, items around the kitchen are chaotically falling out and breaking on their own, causing a mess around the kitchen; the flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Just by being kids, I guess."
Items around the bedroom are falling and breaking on their own; Nicole sighs.
Darwin says: "What's wrong, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom?"
Nicole says: "Oh, nothing."
Nicole says: "It's just when you grow up, reality gets in the way of your ambitions."
Nicole says: "Like, I always thought I would go to college."
Nicole says: "Instead, I majored in shopping with coupons with a minor in tension headaches."
Darwin says: "What are you talking about?"
Darwin says: "Look at this!"
Darwin says: "You got a PhD!"
Gumball says: "In petty theft, it appears."
Gumball says: "This belongs to some girl called Kathy Taylor."
Nicole says: "How did that get there?"
Gumball says: "Whoa."
[Gumball pulls out a stack of photos says: "the first is Nicole enjoying while belly dancing."
Gumball says: "I never realized how much you had to give up for us."
Gumball says: "I mean, look at these vacation pictures."
Nicole says: "Oh, I gave up all my hopes and dreams, and now I have nothing to show for it."
Darwin says: "That's not true."
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad said you have lots of wrinkles."
Nicole grunts in annoyance; Darwin grows anxious.
Gumball says: "Okay, let me paint a picture of what your life would have been like if you've never had us."
A vision occurs, presenting Nicole, given tending upon by servants while dressed in a classically stylized manner.
Nobleman says: "I'm begging your pardon, milady, but the Duke of Camembert requests the pleasure of your company, for supper at the Château."
Nicole says: "Ha!"
Nicole says: "Tell him I'm not here."
Nicole says: "He'll call again if he's serious,."
The vision ends.
Gumball says: "And so the Duke arrives in person on horseback, and he's like, ripped, and he—"
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "So yeah, and then, and then, you get married and become super rich, but it-it turns out that he chews his toenail, so..."
Gumball says: "deal's off."
Darwin says: "Sorry you had to give up so much for us."
Gumball says: "Is there anything we can do to help?"
Nicole says: "You can do my chores."
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah, that's cool, we can do a chore."
Nicole says: "Chores."
Nicole says: "Plural."
Gumball reluctantly snatches the list, and frowns.
Get a Degree.
Scene transitions to Elmore Junior High.
Gumball says: "Right, number one: get a degree."
Gumball says: "Congratulations: you are now a doctor."
The printer produces a diploma, in which Darwin grabs it and celebrates, along with Gumball. They adopt a baby face and voice.
Darwin says: "But what is a doctor of holistic medicine?"
Gumball says: "It's kind of like a doctor, but instead of using science, you use..."
Gumball says: "imagination!"
Scene now focuses on Gary, who falls and passes out; the librarian notices.
Tree Librarian says: "Help!"
Tree Librarian says: "Is there a doctor in the library?!"
Tree Librarian says: "!"
Darwin says: "What do we do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "We do the next chore on the list: save someone's life."
Save Someone's Life.
Gumball and Darwin run up to Gary.
Gumball says: "Stand back!"
Tree Librarian says: "You look awfully young to be a doctor."
Gumball says: "Well, you look awfully young to be a librarian."
Tree Librarian says: "Oh, stop, please, go ahead, good doctor."
Gumball says: "Darwin, please, the holistic candles!"
The holistic candles are placed in a triangle format around Gary's head; nothing happens.
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Gumball says: "It's worse than I thought!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna need two amethysts and a lapis lazuli!"
Gary regains consciousness and chokes.
Darwin says: "He's not breathing!"
Gumball says: "We're losing him!"
Gumball says: "Engage reiki massage."
Darwin prepares in position to "give off energy".
Gumball says: "Okay, clear!"
Darwin rubs his hands and gives off energy, screaming.
Gumball says: "Again!"
Gumball says: "Clear!"
Darwin repeats the process; Gary passes out, seeming dead.
Gumball says: "Looks like he's gone..."
Gary barely regains consciousness, his nostrils stretched out.
Gary groans at them, whistling with his nostrils; Gumball laughs nervously.
Getting Something Named After Me.
Gumball and Darwin run away from Gary across the streets of Elmore; Darwin notices something and stops.
Darwin says: "Have you seen this?"
Darwin says: "We've got arrest warrants on our heads for medical malpractice."
Gumball says: "Does it have our names on it?"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Awesome!"
Darwin says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, another one off the list: getting something named after us."
Darwin says: "Oh, great."
Darwin says: "What next?"
Gumball says: ""Win a marathon."
Darwin says: "Good, 'cause we're gonna need to get away from here fast."
Darwin says: "There's only so much time these acupuncture needles will buy us."
Both notice Gary, scream and run away; Gary, full of needles all over his face, enters in.
Gary says: "Come back here, you little—"
Gary says: "Wait, this stuff does work."
Gary says: "The pain my chest is totally gone..."
Gary says: "becuase my face hurts so much."
Win a Marathon.
Gumball pops up during a marathon.
Gumball says: "You okay, dude?"
Darwin says: "Hmm, I thought that doing a marathon would be more hardcore."
Gumball says: "I know, right?"
Gumball says: "We're so close I can already taste that gold medal."
Gumball says: "Ah, tastes like coins."
Darwin says: "Come on, guys!"
Darwin says: "Can you pick up the pace a little?"
Scene reveals that Mr. Corneille and the Hexagon Lady are carrying Gumball and Darwin, respectively.
Moonchild Corneille says: "Anything for a sick child."
Moonchild Corneille says: "This is why we run."
Gumball says: "What, to cure children?"
Gumball says: "How does that work?"
Gumball says: "You're the only one getting fitter here."
Moonchild Corneille says: "It's about raising awareness, showing others what good people we are."
Both of the runners cross the finish line, and collapse, several Elmore residents surrounding the track, cheering them; the Cupcake Man enters in with two gold medals.
Moonchild Corneille says: "No, give the medal to them."
Moonchild Corneille says: "These sick children are the real winners."
Gumball says: "Oh, thanks."
Gumball and Darwin step on their heads and walk.
Hexagon lady says: "Wait, you can walk?!"
Hexagon lady says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yep."
Gumball says: "And fortunately for us, you can't anymore."
Both exit.
Hexagon lady says: "Why, you little—"
Learn how to Play the Trumpet Win a Symphony.
Scene switches to Elmore Junior High; Leslie is about to begin his flute solo in front of the audience. Gumball pushes him off, imitating a trumpet with his mouth, and Principal Brown appears to agree with his rendition. The orchestra accompanies. Gumball now exits the school, along with Darwin.
Gumball says: "Learn how to play the trumpet: check."
Gumball says: "Hmm, start your own business."
The Stump Butler Start Your Own Business.
The scene switches to a shot of Gumball reaching for a mug of coffee on his kitchen counter, rendered in film grain to imitate an infomercial.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Are you tired of your hands?"
Gumball cautiously blows on the coffee before dumping it all over his face and screaming. A red "X" appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Too sensitive!"
Gumball is shown running and tries to grab his phone out of his pocket, but he panics as it repeatedly slips out of his hands. Another red "X" appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Too sweaty!"
Hot Dog Guy is shown putting his hand on a bus pole and caressing Gumball's, causing him to freak out and run away screaming. Another red "X" appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Too awkward!"
Gumball tries to pet a dog, but it bites his hand, causing him to scream and flail it around. Yet another red "X" appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Too sausage.."
Infomercial Spokesman says: "y..."
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Well, after years of research, our scientists have come up with a solution."
Infomercial Spokesman says: "We proudly present the Stump Butler."
Gumball is shown putting on the Stump Butler, a hook hand, and poses with it.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "No more butter fingers, because no more fingers!"
Gumball smashes the hook through the center of a coffee mug, pouring a single drop into his mouth and smiling while making a thumbs-up. A green check appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "No more sweaty fingers, because no more fingers!"
Gumball, while running, smashes his phone with his hook to retrieve it, smiles, and gives a thumbs-up. Another green check appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "No more awkward touching, because no more fingers!"
Gumball pierces through the bus pole that Hot Dog Guy is holding onto, causing him to recoil in shock. Gumball looks at him with a brief glimmer of victory before turning to the camera and smiling with a thumbs-up. Another green check appears on the screen.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Even animals love it!"
A dog is shown flinching and whimpering as Gumball pets it using the Stump Butler.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "The Stump Butler, the truly hands-free solution!"
The scene cuts to Richard watching the commercial in the living room.
Infomercial Spokesman says: "Order your Stump Butler now for only five hundred dollars a pair!"
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "Five hundred dollars?"
Richard says: "What do they think I am, employed?"
Darwin appears in the commercial with a headset.
Darwin says: "Hold on, viewers!"
Darwin says: "For the next hour, I've been authorized to drop the price on these Stump Butlers by four hundred dollars!"
Richard says: "Honey!"
Richard says: "Where's your purse?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard claws his way off the sofa and over to the landline. He tries to pick up the phone, but it repeatedly slips out of his hand, infuriating him.
Richard says: "GAH!"
Richard says: "CURSE THESE USELESS HANDS!"
Make a Difference to Someone's Life.
An ATM shows Gumball and Darwin's Stump Butler profits shooting to the million dollar mark.
Darwin says: "Become millionaires: check."
Gumball says: "Next one is..."
Gumball says: ""Make a difference to someone's life."
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
The Hobo, sitting across from them, clears his throat.
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Darwin says: "So many dollars!"
Darwin says: "How could we help someone with that money?"
The Hobo continues to cough.
Gumball says: "Okay, it's not quite there yet, but I've got this vision of us pouring the money into a lake."
Darwin says: "It's not quite there, but there's something in it."
Darwin says: "Maybe a furnace."
Darwin says: "Some kind of incinerator."
Gumball says: "Yeah, we could warm up a whole buncha people that way!"
The Hobo's coughing intensifies and he sprawls across the concrete; Gumball and Darwin take notice.
Gumball says: "What were we thinking?"
Gumball says: "The answer is right in front of us!"
Gumball says: "This guy needs help!"
Gumball says: "Let's buy him some cough medicine."
The Hobo whimpers.
Gumball says: "Just kidding, dude."
Gumball says: "Have at it."
The Hobo gasps in excitement. Gumball then withdraws all of the money in the ATM for the Hobo, causing bills to spit out of it.
Hobo says: "wait!"
Hobo says: "No, no!"
Hobo says: "HELP!"
Beat a Shaolin Monk.
A monk made of a cup of ramen is shown meditating in a temple. He is suddenly struck in the back of the head by Gumball with a frying pan, causing him to collapse onto the floor while his noodles spill out.
Darwin says: "Wait, you can't just hit an unarmed old guy with a frying pan!"
Gumball says: "He's a quadruple black belt."
Gumball says: "His hands are legally considered as weapons."
Darwin says: "Mmm."
Darwin says: "Beat a Shaolin monk: check."
Darwin says: "What's next?"
Climb a Mountain.
Gumball and Darwin are shown grunting and climbing a mountain. Gumball reaches a ledge and halts.
Gumball says: "Alright."
Gumball says: "I think that's enough of that."
Darwin says: "But we haven't got to the top yet!"
Gumball says: "All it says on the list is "Climb a mountain."
Gumball says: "" We've climbed it."
Gumball starts to climb down the mountain, revealing he was only a few feet above a parking lot. He walks away disinterestedly while Darwin, tied to him by a rope, gets dragged off.
Save the Dolphins.
Gumball and Darwin hoist a dolphin ashore; Nicole confronts them.
Nicole says: "Oh, there you are!"
Nicole says: "I've been looking for you for hours!"
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Saving the dolphins!"
The dolphin chirps angrily.
Nicole says: "From what?"
Darwin says: "Drowning?"
Nicole sighs and facepalms before quickly throwing the dolphin back into the ocean.
Nicole says: "What have you two been up to?"
Gumball says: "Uh, tu lista de obligaciones, mamá?"
Gumball says: "Why else do you think we learned to speak Spanish?"
Nicole says: "Wait a minute."
Nicole says: "This isn't the chores list."
Nicole says: "It's my dream list that I wrote when I was sixteen!"
Darwin says: "I wish you'd told us that before we let Chad Johnson take us to the prom."
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "He was a true gentleman."
Nicole says: "So, you really did all this stuff?"
Gumball says: "Well..."
Gumball says: "yeah."
Nicole says: "You're lying."
Darwin says: "I don't know, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Darwin says: "Maybe the real lie is telling yourself that at some point in your life, you lose the opportunity to change it."
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Nicole says: "That's a very mature thing to say, honey."
Darwin says: "Thank you!"
Darwin says: "It's from that movie about a poodle who proved to the world he could play ping-pong."
Nicole laughs in disbelief; Gumball and Darwin shrug to each other.
Gumball says: "Want to do the last one on the list with us?"
Nicole says: "Of course."
Gumball says: "Then pack your bags."
Gumball says: "We're going on a round-the-world trip."
See the World.
Scene changes to Gumball, Darwin and Nicole, all dressed as tourists, sitting in the childrens' bedroom; Gumball and Darwin are on the computer.
Nicole says: "But how?"
Nicole says: "It'll cost too much."
Gumball says: "Nowadays you don't need money to travel."
Gumball says: "Welcome to the twenty-first century."
The computer, having been searched for Elmore Maps, shows the frontal view of the Wattersons' house.
Nicole says: "Uh, guys, I have been outside our house before."
Nicole says: "Whoa, that was fast."
Nicole says: "Oh, look, there's our car up ahead."
Gumball says: "Pedal to the medal."
Darwin says: "Oh, look, it's Mister Dad."
Gumball and Darwin laugh, as the computer shows several views of Richard noticing the camera, then pulling up his shirt out the window.
Nicole says: "Ah, I really wish he'd watch where he's—"
The final shot shows Richard chaotically driving off the road into the air, due to the presence of a construction site.
Nicole says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Now I guess we know how he swallowed the steering wheel."
Laughter occurs; the mouse clicks through a tunnel.
Nicole says: "Out of town we go."
The screen ends up in the countryside, showing two cows merged together.
Darwin says: "Look at that glitch!"
The monitor then shows a cow wearing a distorted face.
Gumball says: "Yeah, and that one!"
The view reveals the cows are living near a nuclear power plant.
Nicole says: "Yeah, glitches."
Nicole says: "Um, let's try somewhere else."
Nicole says: "Ooh!"
Nicole says: "I'm so excited."
Nicole says: "I've never been on a plane."
A view inside the airplane shows.
What's the view like?
Leonard Daniels is shown sitting next to the view, wearing no pants and revealing his underwear.
Eh, maybe we should fly first-class next time. Where are we going anyway?
Gumball says: "How about the Caribbean?"
The screen shows a beach on the Caribbean Islands; the trio gasps in delight.
Darwin says: "The beach!"
Nicole says: ""Nudist beac"—"
Nicole says: "Oh, no, no, no, no, no."
Darwin says: "What's wrong, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom?"
Nicole says: "Maybe we should go some place where we need clothes."
The screen transitions to a cold, icy area.
Nicole says: "Oh, wow, I've never walked on ice before."
As the camera moves forward, the ice cracks below. The trio whimpers.
Darwin says: "Go slowly."
Darwin says: "I don't think the ice can take our weight."
Camera moves forward; ice cracks.
Camera moves forward; ice cracks.
The ice makes deeper cracks.
Darwin says: "Faster, faster, faster, faster, faster, faster!"
The camera falls into the ice and swims through the ocean.
Nicole says: "Ooh, I've never been scuba diving either."
An unknown fish appears, and their distance lessens.
Darwin says: "Wait, is that my fish mom?"
The fish turns around and eats the camera; they all scream.
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah, I can see the resemblance."
They enter inside the fish.
All says: "Eww!"
Nicole says: "Talk about fish breath."
They travel further, ending up inside a mouth eating some food.
Gumball says: "Ah, all this travelling's made me hungry."
The mouth, in which they are trapped, chews.
Nicole says: "Honey, I don't think you can—"
Gumball "chokes." The computer begins to select a different location.
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Darwin says: "He's choking!"
Darwin says: "Let's get him to a hospital!"
The camera is shown to be tended to by two hospital employees.
Gumball says: "Ah, I need some air."
Darwin says: "Dude, stop leaning on the brightness button."
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Nicole says: "Boys, I'm not getting to see much of the world here."
Gumball says: "Okay, let's go somewhere random."
Gumball says: "Ah, Tokyo."
Gumball says: "Now let's have a look around."
They end up getting lost in a labyrinth-like building.
Maybe over there.
Nicole says: "Uh, Gumball, I don't think this is Tokyo."
Darwin says: "Gumball, can't you just admit we're lost?"
Gumball says: "Nah, I just need to find a busy bit."
They end up on a busy urban area in Tokyo, rushing through the road against opposite cars.
Nicole says: "I think this is a little too busy."
Nicole says: "How do we get out?"
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Gumball says: "Uh,  over there!"
The camera gets transferred to space.
All says: "Whoa!"
They are in space, facing away from Earth.
Nicole says: "Where are we?"
Darwin says: "Turn us around."
The camera faces toward Earth.
All says: "Wow."
Nicole says: "It really takes your breath away."
Nicole says: "Probably 'cause there's no oxygen."
Gumball says: "Get ready for the world's biggest sky dive."
Gumball says: "Three, two, one."
As the arrow is clicked several times, the camera zooms in/decreases altitude on Earth, and they scream; when they end up back facing their house, they laugh. The screen zooms away from the computer and centers to the trio.
Gumball says: "There, see the world—"
Gumball says: "check."
Nicole says: "Here, I have something for you, too."
Gumball says: "What is it?"
Nicole says: "The list of chores you agreed to."
Gumball and Darwin grumble in frustration. The episode ends.