The Email.
It's a beautiful morning, and Gumball and Darwin are having breakfast at the table. As Gumball rambles on affectionately about Penny, Darwin reluctantly listens as he eats.
Gumball says: "You see?"
Gumball says: "The thing with having a girlfriend is that you have to find the balance between your space as a couple, and your space as an individual."
Darwin says: "Yeah, but—"
Darwin says: "All I asked was "Can you pass me the sugar?"
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah, exactly!"
Gumball says: ""Sugar", "Sweetie pie", "Honey buns"?"
Gumball says: "We don't have stupid names like that."
Darwin says: "Can we please talk about something else?"
Gumball says: "Y-yeah dude."
Gumball says: "We talk about loads of stuff."
Gumball says: "You know, we just share stuff."
Darwin says: "Gumball, if you don't stop talking about Penny right this second, I'm gonna start eating my own face."
Gumball says: "Yeah, for now I'm keeping my own place."
Darwin starts eating his own face.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I'd probably move in with her."
Gumball says: "I mean, just because we're in love, doesn't mean that we have to be obsessed with each other."
From the bedroom, a notification from Elmore Plus can be heard. Gumball rushes to the computer, by leaping through the ceiling, emerging through the floor of his room, leaving a hole.
Gumball says: "A NEW EMAIL!!!"
Gumball says: "Maybe it's from Penny!"
He clicks the email, and reads it aloud.
Gumball says: ""You are now cursed."
Gumball says: "If you don't forward this email to ten people, The Snatcher will first take your money, then he will take your friends, then your family."
Darwin emerges beside Gumball, mortified.
Gumball says: ""Then tonight, he will show his face in the mirror and with his long, cold claws, he will rip your spirit away from you!"
Gumball says: ""  Delete."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do if The Snatcher comes, and takes all of your money, and friends, and family, because you didn't forward his email?"
Gumball says: "Darwin, the only way to describe how stupid this sounds is by using words that I'm too young to know the meaning of."
School Bus.
Gumball says: "So, what else do you believe in?"
Gumball says: "What about Bigfoot?"
Darwin says: "There's a photo of him."
Darwin says: "Of course he exists."
Gumball suppresses his laughter.
Gumball says: "What does he eat, then?"
Darwin says: "Sausages."
In the Schoolyard.
Gumball is on the ground, laughing.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh!"
Gumball says: "Okay, what about horoscopes?"
Darwin says: "What else do you think the stars are for?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "What do you think they're for?"
Darwin says: "To tell us about the future, and to make wishes."
In the Cafeteria.
Both Gumball and Darwin are in line at the cafeteria. Gumball is laughing again.
Gumball says: "Oh let me guess: you also believe in telepathy."
Darwin says: "Dude, how can you not believe in it when you just read my mind?"
Gumball laughs out loud.
Gumball says: "My gosh!"
Gumball says: "You believe in things I don't believe in!"
Gumball says: "Oh please stop, please stop!"
Gumball's torso deflates. He pulls himself up to normal, and walks to Rocky.
Rocky says: "Hey dudes, that's five dollars."
Gumball says: "Sure."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Please don't tell me you lost all your money?"
Gumball says: "No no no, it's in here."
Gumball says: "Hold on, it's…geez these are deep pockets."
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Rocky says: "Sorry guys."
Rocky says: "Cash, or card only."
Cut to Gumball slicing his underwear in half on a plate.
Gumball says: "Here we go."
Gumball says: "Bon appétit."
Gumball gives half of the underwear to Darwin. Darwin pushes it away.
Darwin says: "Dude, don't you see?"
Darwin says: "It's the curse."
Darwin says: "First, The Snatcher will take all of your money!"
Gumball eats his underwear.
Gumball says: "Nah, come on man."
Gumball says: "The sn--  It's just a coincidence."
Carrie passes by.
Gumball says: "Hey Carrie, can you please tell Darwin that The Snatcher doesn't exist?"
Carrie is shocked, and teleports away.
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "Even Carrie is freaked out by the curse!"
Gumball says: "I think it was more of the fact that we were eating underwear in public."
A Miscommunication.
In Miss Simian's class, Gumball and Penny blow eachother kisses from across the room. Gumball leans in to Darwin to pass on a message.
Gumball says: "Hey dude, can you pass this on to Penny?"
Gumball says: ""You're so cool that you give penguins brain-freeze"."
Reluctantly, Darwin passes the message on to a bored Leslie, sitting in front of him. Leslie passes it on to Banana Joe, Joe passes it to Carmen, and Carmen finally delivers the message to Penny.
Carmen says: "Gumball says you're fat."
Penny turns to Gumball.
Penny shape-shifts into her gorgon form and hisses at Gumball.
The entire class starts throwing their things at Gumball. Banana Joe is thrown like a boomerang, and upon impact causes Gumball to face-plant into his desk.
I Told You So.
Gumball and Darwin walk home dejectedly.
Gumball says: "Come on, just say it."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Well, I've lost all my money, all my friends, and my girlfriend."
Gumball says: "So, it looks like you were right to take that curse seriously."
Gumball says: "Come on, just say "I told you so"."
Darwin says: "I don't know what you take me for, but I get no pleasure out of this."
They walk up to the front door of their house.
Darwin says: "Let's just hope our family's still there."
They open the door to find the house empty.
Gumball says: "Hello?"
Gumball says: "Mom?"
Gumball says: "Dad?"
Darwin says: "Told you so."
Gumball says: "STOP, YOU'RE BEING HYSTERICAL!"
Darwin slaps him back. They slap each other repeatedly, before Gumball calls for a truce.
Gumball says: "Okay, enough."
Gumball says: "This isn't very constructive."
Darwin says: "Right!"
Darwin says: "We're doing this my way now!"
Darwin says: "We're getting help…magical help."
Magical Help.
In Hector's cave, Mrs. Jötunheim is mixing ingredients into a cauldron.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Aah!"
In surprise, she drops the whole bottle into the cauldron. There is an explosion.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Yes, I can try to make a potion to defend you against The Snatcher's curse."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "But I will need assistance."
Gumball whistles. He is shown dressed up in a wizard's robe.
Gumball says: "'Sup wizards?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Go get me these ingredients!"
Gumball takes a list of ingredients from Mrs. Jötunheim. He spins around in a failed attempt to look cool.
Gumball says: "Abracad-okay."
He twirls again, this time accidentally knocking over the cauldron, spilling its contents. There is another explosion.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Without twirling this time!"
Gumball walks away sheepishly.
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Jötunheim, who is this Snatcher guy?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "There once was a young man, a mortal man, who fell in love with a beautiful ghost after seeing her in a mirror."
As she continues, some images from the story are formed in her cauldron.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "All he wanted was to kiss her just once."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "In a forbidden book, he found an incantation."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "It allowed the living to touch a ghost."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "The price for this: a cursed life."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Now, his spirit floats in limbo, trapped behind mirrors."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Everyday day becoming more lonely, more angry, looking for someone to take his place."
A skeleton arm appears. Darwin and Mrs. Jötunheim scream. Gumball is revealed to be holding the arm.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "That's what you asked me for."
Mrs. Jötunheim takes the arm, and drops it into the cauldron.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Stay back!"
A large plume of green smoke with an evil face on it emerges from the cauldron. As the smoke grows, Gumball and Darwin cower and brace themselves. Mrs. Jötunheim comes back with a fire extinguisher and puts out the smoke.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What are you looking at, you dumb trolls?!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Couldn't you see it was on fire?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "When The Snatcher comes for you through the mirror, throw this at him."
She reaches into the cauldron, and takes out a "#1 Mom" mug with green liquid in it. It is smoking, and its rim is covered with green grime.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Sorry, I haven't done the dishes."
At Home.
Gumball and Darwin enter their home, Gumball holding the mug. As they slowly enter, the door slams shut. Gumball gasps.
Gumball says: "He's here."
Gumball says: "I can feel it."
The doorknob suddenly starts jiggling. The boys watch in suspense. Suddenly, Richard, Nicole, and Anais barge in gleefully.
Richard says: "Fried chicken day!"
Nicole says: "Fried chicken day!"
Anais says: "Fried chicken day!"
Panicked, Gumball throws the liquid in the mug at Richard. Richard starts screaming in pain. Suddenly, he calms down, and tastes the liquid.
Richard says: "Actually, it's not that bad."
Richard says: "What's in it?"
Gumball says: "You don't wanna know."
Darwin says: "Well what are we gonna do now when The Snatcher comes?"
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter, they're here!"
Gumball says: "All this snatcher stuff was baloney."
Gumball says: "Oh man, I thought you guys were gone forever."
Anais says: "It sure felt like it."
Nicole says: "Your father was banned from the chicken shack, so we had to go out of town to get some."
Richard says: "Well, they shouldn't say "All you can eat" if they don't mean it."
Nicole says: "Richard, you ate a chair."
They walk to the table. Gumball stares smugly at Darwin.
Darwin says: "Go on, say it."
Gumball says: "Say what?"
Darwin says: ""I told you so"."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna do another dance first."
Gumball dances around Darwin.
Darwin says: "I'm glad you're taking this seriously."
The Snatcher.
Nicole says: "Could you pass me a wing please?"
Richard says: "Sure."
Darwin says: "Hey guys, leave some for us."
Suddenly, there is a green eerie light. The Snatcher's hands emerge from the glass around and snatch Nicole, Anais, and Richard. He drags them into the glass Richard into a window; Nicole and Anais into separate pictures. Before being taken completely by The Snatcher, Richard struggles to eat some more before being completely taken away. Gumball and Darwin watch in shock. Then The Snatcher himself reappears in a picture, and growls at them before disappearing again. After a moment of silence, Carrie teleports to them with the Forbidden Book. Gumball and Darwin scream in surprise.
Carrie says: "Calm down!"
Carrie says: "Calm down!"
Carrie says: "When I saw you this morning, I recognized The Snatcher's curse."
Carrie says: "So I went to the underworld to retrieve the Forbidden Book."
Carrie says: "It has the solution."
Carrie says: "The only problem is that we have to wait until the sun rises."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "How come you know so much about all this?"
Carrie says: "There once was a young man, a mortal man who fell in love with a beautiful—"
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah thanks."
Gumball says: "We know."
Carrie says: "Did you know that the young man and the ghost had a child?"
Darwin says: "Ew, a zom-baby."
Carrie says: "Uh..."
Carrie says: "that child was me."
Gumball and Darwin suck in their breath.
Gumball says: "Alright, what do we do?"
Carrie says: "We survive."
Gumball says: "I've got a much better idea: how 'bout we bail?"
The house starts shaking. The Snatcher's face emerges from the door. Gumball turns to his side to see The Snatcher. At once, The Snatcher disappears. Gumball turns away, and The Snatcher emerges again. After turning to his side, he disappears. Gumball turns away again, then quickly turns to his side.
Gumball says: "Aha!"
The Snatcher's face emerges and scares Gumball. As he catches his breath, The Snatcher comes out of a nearby picture, and tries to snatch him.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "So let me get this straight: that poltergeist creep is your dad?"
Carrie says: "Yes, and I would appreciate it if you stopped calling him names, and treat him with the respect he deserves."
Darwin walks to The Snatcher, and holds a fin out as if to shake hands.
Darwin says: "Glad to finally meet you, sir."
Gumball pulls him away just as The Snatcher pounces.
Darwin says: "He seems to have a few issues."
Carrie says: "It's not his fault."
Carrie says: "He's been turned evil by loneliness."
Gumball is knocked down on a table. The Snatcher emerges from the TV. Darwin quickly takes the remote, and switches the TV on. This makes The Snatcher disappear, but the TV shows the shopping channel.
Man says: "..."
Man says: "Ten dollars."
Man says: "Ten dollars, today only..."
Gumball says: "Dude, I think I'd prefer a life of damnation in limbo rather than having to watch that."
Darwin says: "Yeah, fair enough."
Darwin switches off the TV, and The Snatcher reemerges. They all take cover behind the sofa.
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do about him?"
Carrie says: "The book says we summon him by calling his name five times."
Carrie says: "When he appears in the mirror and the first light of dawn strikes it, you smash him with the book and break the spell."
Darwin says: "Why do we have to call his name five times?"
Carrie says: "Duh."
Carrie says: "That's how you summon all ghosts."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie!"
Carrie reappears at Darwin's side. Gumball and Darwin laugh.
Gumball says: "Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie!"
Carrie reappears at Gumball's side. Gumball and Darwin laugh again. Then Carrie possesses Gumball, and makes him slap himself. She comes out shortly.
Carrie says: "We done here?"
Gumball nods.
Darwin says: "Why don't we just use the book to defend ourselves?"
Gumball says: "Great idea!"
The Snatcher hops from one mirror-like surface to another. He appears near the three of them. Gumball takes the book, and strikes The Snatcher with it. They run into the kitchen.
Darwin says: "No, I mean use the spells inside."
Carrie says: "Don't!"
Carrie says: "The price to pay is too high!"
Gumball says: "Oh, we don't have a choice!"
Gumball says: "There, a time traveling spell."
Gumball says: "Let's just go to through the night."
Gumball says: "Tempus Fugit!"
The night fast-forwards to dawn.
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "In your fa-  aaace..."
Gumball walks to the microwave, and looks at himself in its reflection.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "What happened?"
Carrie pulls him away just as The Snatcher emerges from the microwave.
Carrie says: "The price for that spell was your youth."
Darwin says: "Don't worry, there must be something to fix that."
Darwin says: "There!"
Darwin says: "Beautio Eterno!"
Gumball's wrinkles fade away somewhat. His face is pulled up, giving him a disfigured smile.
Gumball says: "How do I look?"
Carrie says: "Eternally surprised."
Gumball says: "Look out!"
The Snatcher's arm emerges from the microwave again. Before it can grab Darwin, he shatters to pieces.
Gumball says: "What happened?"
Carrie says: "The price for eternal beauty is his life!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Gumball says: "Resurectio Fortis!"
Darwin reassembles, now with his body parts stitched together, like Frankenstein's monster. The Snatcher is touched by the light of dawn, and flees back into the darkness.
Carrie says: "Come on, the sun's about to come up!"
Gumball says: "Wait, there's a big mirror in the attic!"
Carrie says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah, I figured that one out."
Darwin carries Gumball's head and they go up to the attic and approach the mirror.
Carrie says: "Quick, call his name five times."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Uh…what's his name again?"
Carrie says: "Vladus Lovus Lokowitchki."
Gumball says: "Vladus Lo--  I think I sprained my tongue."
Carrie says: "Just say Vlad."
Gumball says: "Vlad Vlad Vlad Vlad Vlad!"
The Snatcher emerges from the mirror. The three back into the window in the attic, opening it and exposing The Snatcher to the sunlight. He writhes in the light, and retreats into the mirror. Carrie throws the book at him and breaks the glass. This frees Anais, Nicole, and Richard who all emerge from mirrors and mirror-like surfaces. A portal opens up in the broken attic mirror. Someone emerges from it.
Carrie says: "Dad?"
Carrie says: "It's me."
Carrie says: "Do you recognize me?"
Vladus says: "How could I not recognize my beautiful girl?"
Vladus says: "Thank you for setting me free."
They run to hug each other. But the moment is ruined when Carrie phases through her dad, and he falls out of the window. This kills him.
Carrie says: "Dad!"
Carrie says: "Is he okay?"
Gumball says: "No no no no no no no no."
Gumball says: "Uh… no no no no."
Just as they are about to walk away, Carrie's father phases through the floor, revealing that he has turned into a ghost himself. He and her daughter share a hug. The rest of the Wattersons arrive at the scene.
Richard says: "Awwww!"
Nicole says: "Awwww!"
Anais says: "Awwww!"
Richard says: "Ugh!"
Nicole says: "Ugh!"
Darwin says: "Ugh!"
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Episode ends.