I Can't Eat.
Gumball and Darwin are sitting at a table in the cafeteria, with Carrie next to them. Gumball and Darwin eat their food and are both pleased by its flavor. Gumball gives Darwin a try of his food, and Darwin does the same.
Carrie says: "Watching you two at lunchtime makes my afterlife a misery."
Gumball says: "But Carrie, you like being miserable."
Carrie says: "That's not the point."
Carrie says: "I'm hungry."
Gumball says: "So, why do you come to the cafeteria every day?"
Carrie says: "Because it brings out the only feeling I have left:  pain."
Gumball says: "Can I have your lunch then?"
Carrie says: "I wish I still had a body."
Darwin says: "Why don't you use Gumball's?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Me?"
Carrie says: "Really?"
Carrie says: "You would do that for me?"
Darwin says: "Sure!"
Darwin says: "Gumball's always there for a friend in need."
Gumball says: "I am?"
Carrie says: "Great!"
Carrie says: "Thanks!"
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Carrie possesses Gumball's body.
Carrie says: "Rrrrrrr!"
Carrie says: "I need more!"
Carrie throws Darwin on the floor and walks through the cafeteria, scaring all the students. She leaves the cafeteria, suddenly a girlish scream heards behind the door.
Darwin says: "Another happy ending!"
First Eating Rampage.
Heavy metal music plays in the background as Gumball, possessed by Carrie, runs to Joyful Burger, throws money to Larry, eats all the food, grabs a burger, takes a pickle out from the burger before eating it. Then she runs to the dumpster, takes a turkey leg from the Hobo, eats all the hot dogs from Pantsbully's hot dog cart. Then, the Doughnut Sheriff arrives, and Carrie bites him.
Donut Sheriff says: "Ow!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We've got a man down!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We've got a man down!"
Gumball, possessed, runs away, and the scene cuts to black.
At the Street.
Gumball wakes up on the sidewalk in front of his house, surrounded by junk food. Darwin and Richard come up to him.
Richard says: "There you are!"
Richard says: "What happened?"
Darwin says: "It was Carrie!"
Darwin says: "She made Gumball go on a crazy junk food spree."
Richard says: "You got to eat all that food?"
Richard says: "Awesome!"
Gumball says: "No, it wasn't."
Richard says: "Muffin top!"
Richard laughs, then stops, realizing his body is the same as his belly and chest jiggle as he laughs.
Richard says: "It's only funny when it's someone else's body!"
Another Rampage.
During lunch in the school cafeteria, Gumball and Darwin are shown sitting at a table. Darwin is eating a sandwich, but Gumball isn't eating anything. Darwin notices that him not eating and points at his food.
Gumball says: "I can't eat a thing after last night."
Gumball says: "Carrie's got a real problem!"
Gumball says: "She made me eat until I passed out."
Gumball says: "I can not let that happen again."
Carrie says: "Hey, Gumball, feel like helping me eat this sandwich?"
Gumball says: "Ugh, sorry, Carrie, I'm not sure I wanna do that again."
Carrie says: "The cafeteria doesn't do refunds, Gumball."
The food rampage is abruptly shown again, with Carrie eating all the food.
A Disgusting Drink.
Gumball appears on the sidewalk again surrounded with food.
Darwin says: "Hey, Gumball."
Gumball says: "It's happened again, hasn't it?"
Darwin says: "Yep, but I think I have an idea."
They are in the kitchen.
Darwin says: "If Carrie likes going inside your body so much, we should make your inside somewhere she won't like."
Gumball says: "How?"
Darwin says: "By drinking this!"
Darwin says: "Dum, dum, dum, dum!"
Gumball says: "Your rancid fishbowl water?"
Darwin says: "And the sweaty juice of Tobias's headband,  fifteen-day old underpants..."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Where are you gonna get—"
Darwin pulls Gumball's fifteen-day unwashed underwear out from his pants.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "And fizzy fish gas."
Darwin burps into his bowl with a straw.
Gumball says: "It's disgusting."
Darwin says: "It's ghost-proof."
Gumball says: "Pwah!"
Gumball says: "Finished?"
Darwin says: "Come on, Gumball."
Darwin says: "You've got to drink it all."
Gumball drinks it slowly. Darwin then forces the bowl up.
Darwin says: "Nearly there, buddy!"
Gumball reacts disgustedly.
Darwin says: "Now close your eyes and open wide, here comes dessert!"
Gumball opens his mouth, expecting another disgusting thing. He opens his eyes and sees that it is actually Darwin eating ice cream.
Darwin says: "This is so good..."
At school, Gumball walks through the hallway, greeting fellow students.
Gumball says: "Hi, Leslie."
His breath disgusts Leslie and makes him wither.
Gumball says: "How are you doing, Bobert?"
Bobert malfunctions, and Alan deflates completely.
Gumball says: "Hey, Sussie, how's your hot chocolate?"
Sussie vomits the hot chocolate.
Carrie says: "Hey, Gumball."
Carrie says: "Oh!"
Carrie says: "That smell!"
Gumball says: "I know, horrible, isn't it?"
Carrie shakes her head up and down saying yes.
Gumball sighs.
Jim's Locker.
The same music from the rampage starts playing in the background. Richard is sitting on the sofa, eating popcorn and watching the television. Gumball, looking much fatter than the last time, struggles to approach the sofa.
Richard says: "Hey, son!"
Richard says: "What's up?"
Gumball says: "What do you  and you don't wanna do it?"
Richard says: "Well, people ask me to do things all the time, but do you ever see me doing anything?"
Gumball says: "Not really."
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "Son, it's time I taught you about "weaseling."
Gumball says: ""Weaseling"?"
Richard says: "Allow me to demonstrate."
Richard says: "Ask me for something."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Can you tell me how to stop Carrie from using my body?"
Richard says: "Well, I'd love to, but I have to go and take the meatloaf that I've been baking out of the oven."
Gumball walks over to the window to see Richard run to the backyard and jumps over the fence.
Richard says: "End of lesson!"
The scene switches back at school, where Gumball tries weaseling Carrie.
Gumball says: "Well, I'd love to, Carrie, but unfortunately, I have to go check on my meatloaf."
Carrie says: "Your meatloaf?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I left it in my locker."
Carrie says: "You mean this locker?"
Gumball says: "Ugh, no, my, my gym locker."
Carrie says: "You don't have a gym locker."
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "I meant..."
Gumball says: "Jim's locker."
Carrie says: "Who's Jim?"
Gumball says: "He's, uh, my doctor..."
Gumball says: "?"
Carrie says: "You mean your meatloaf is in your doctor's locker, here at school?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's because we're having Thanksgiving here and─ oh, whatever, you can have my body."
Just Tell Her No.
At home, Nicole is in the kitchen doing the dishes. Gumball appears in front of the kitchen window.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "I think I might be putting on weight..."
Nicole says: "Oh, no."
Nicole says: "It's just baby fat, dear."
Nicole says: "Come on inside, we'll have a chat."
Gumball enters the kitchen rolling like a ball.
Nicole says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Perhaps you have gained a little."
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "It's Carrie!"
Gumball says: "I don't know how to get her to stop."
Nicole says: "Go and sit down, honey."
Nicole says: "We need to talk."
Gumball leaves the kitchen rolling.
Gumball and Nicole are sitting on the sofa.
Nicole says: "So, have you actually tried saying "no" to Carrie?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Why didn't I think of that?"
Nicole says: "But, when you say "no," you have to mean it."
Nicole says: "Let me show you."
Nicole says: "Richard, can you come here please?"
Richard says: "Yeah?"
Nicole says: "Could you get me the bowl of sausages from the kitchen, dear?"
Richard says: "Oh!"
Richard says: "Can I have one?"
Nicole says: "No."
Nicole says: "You'll have to wait."
Nicole says: "Now, once you've made your position clear, you have to..."
Richard says: "Can I have it now?"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "You have to stand firm and make sure you never..."
Richard says: "What about now?"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "That would be a bad Richard, wouldn't it?"
Nicole says: "What I'm trying to say is just say "no" and mean it."
Gumball says: "Awesome."
Gumball says: "So, can I have a sausage?"
Gumball vs. Carrie.
After the bell rings at school, Gumball and Darwin are shown walking along a corridor.
Darwin says: "Careful, Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Carrie may be hanging around!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry."
Gumball says: "This time, I know what I'm doing."
Carrie says: "Hey, Gumball, can I borrow your—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Carrie says: ""No"?"
Carrie says: "What do you mean, "no"?"
Gumball says: "I mean you can't use my body anymore!"
Darwin says: "Hmph!"
Carrie says: "But, you don't know what it's like."
Carrie says: "Please, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "No, Carrie, you can not borrow my body."
Carrie says: "Then, then..."
Darwin screams and runs away. Gumball, now possessed, leaves looking for food.
Gumball says: "Carrie, get out of my body!"
Carrie says: "It's no use resisting, Gumball!"
Possessed Gumball enters the cafeteria, and everyone looks at him.
Gumball says: "Everyone, run!"
Gumball says: "Your lunch is in danger!"
Carrie says: "Food!"
Carrie makes him climb the wall and crawl on the ceiling. Anton, about to eat a sandwich, is disturbed by Gumball's falling spit onto his food.
Anton says: "Hey!"
Gumball's head rotates 180º, grabs the sandwich with his tongue and eats it. Anton screams in terror. Possessed Gumball starts eating every single piece of food he finds.
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Gumball says: "You're freaking our friends out!"
Carrie slaps him against the table.
Carrie says: "Don't care, must eat!"
Gumball says: "OK, you asked for this!"
They fight.
Carrie says: "You shouldn't have done that!"
Gumball says: "You're crazy!"
Carrie makes Gumball slap himself. He grabs his hand stopping this, and Carrie makes him kick himself.
Carrie makes him grab himself by his nose and slap himself against another table. Carrie tries to eat a sausage with a fork, but Gumball stops her with another fork. They fight. Gumball, about to win the fork battle, finally fails, and Carrie throws Gumball's fork away.
Carrie says: "Stand down, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "Never!"
Carrie says: "Ah!"
Carrie says: "My eyes!"
Carrie jumps up and eats all the food in the food trays.
Carrie says: "Give me more food!"
Rocky says: "You ate it all."
Rocky says: "You can lick the ladle if you like."
Possessed Gumball jumps onto Rocky.
Rocky says: "Ah!"
Rocky says: "Get off me!"
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Other students look at Gumball behind the cafeteria doors, as he fights against himself.
Gumball says: "Take that!"
Carrie says: "What are you looking at?!"
Carrie says: "!"
The students scream and leave.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "That doesn't bend that way."
Gumball says: "Help me, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "I can't do this on my own!"
Gumball says: "You're gonna have to beat this ghost down for me!"
Darwin says: "But I'm a pacifish."
Gumball says: "Please, do it for me!"
Gumball says: "I'm your friend!"
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Carrie forces Gumball to jump out of the window. Possessed Gumball eats all the garbage and drinks from the puddle. Gumball looks at a puddle, seeing Carrie's reflection.
Gumball says: "Carrie, stop doing this!"
Gumball says: "You've got a serious problem."
Carrie says: "No, I haven't."
Gumball says: "You're drinking dumpster water and eating garbage."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Carrie says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "It's a flip flop, Carrie."
Gumball says: "A flip flop!"
Carrie says: "Eww, maybe I have gone a bit too far..."
Gumball says: "Ugh, yeah."
Carrie comes out of Gumball's body and flips her hair.
Darwin arrives and smacks Gumball's head with a garbage can cover.
Darwin says: "Spirit begone!"
Darwin says: "Spirit begone!"
Darwin says: "Spirit begone!"
Darwin says: "Oh, hi, Carrie."
Darwin says: "Spirit be gone!"
Darwin says: "Spirit be—"
Darwin says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Ow..."
Carrie says: "I'm sorry I put you through all that."
Carrie says: "I guess I'll just go back to my painful food-less eternity."
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Gumball says: "I think I know someone who can help."
The Perfect Body.
At home, Richard is shown sitting on the sofa with the sausage still on his nose, drooling. Gumball, Darwin, and Carrie enter the house.
Gumball says: "Dad, this is Carrie."
Richard says: "Hello."
Gumball says: "Is it OK if she borrows your body for a crazy junk food spree?"
Richard says: "I guess.."
Richard says: "?"
Gumball says: "That sounded like a "yes" to me."
Carrie smiles, enters Richard's body, possessing him and eats the sausage from Possessed Richard's nose.
Possessed Richard says: "More food!"
Nicole says: "No, Richard!"
Nicole says: "Richard, no!"
Nicole says: "No, that's a bad Richard!"
Nicole says: "Stop it, Richard!"
Nicole says: "Stop it!"
Darwin says: "Another happy ending."
Episode ends.