School Bus, on the Way Home.
Gumball and Darwin are shown sitting together on the school bus, heading home.
Gumball says: "What's your best dance move?"
Darwin does his best dance move, sliding from side to side in his seat.
Darwin says: "What's yours?"
Gumball says: "Cossack dance, but there's a problem with it."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball gets off of his seat, and dances. He repeatedly kicks himself in the face as he does so.
Gumball says: "My torso's too short."
They both laugh. Gumball goes back to his seat.
Darwin says: "What's your best face?"
Gumball does his best face. He pulls his eyes literally forward.
Gumball says: "What's yours?"
Darwin makes an old man face. They laugh again. The bus stops, and Penny gets off.
Penny says: "Thanks!"
Gumball sees Penny, and they stare at each other affectionately.
Darwin says: "And what's your best party trick?"
Gumball sticks his finger into a nostril and it comes out through his ear. He wiggles it around, flapping his ear in the process. Penny giggles and walks off.
Gumball says: "There's something very personal I wanted to ask you."
Gumball says: "If you had to do something really, really special for someone really, really important, what would be the best place ever?"
Darwin says: "It would be a log cabin."
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "By a blue lake."
They squeal like girls.
Gumball says: "And there would be fireflies!"
Darwin says: "And mason jars!"
They squeal again.
Gumball says: "What else?"
Darwin says: "A fireplace!"
Gumball says: "A bearskin rug!"
Darwin says: "A chocolate fountain!"
Gumball says: "And R&B music!"
They squeal with a very high pitch, so high that their squealing destroys the windows of the nearby cars that the bus passes by. They start dancing slowly and imitating R&B music. Tobias and Banana Joe stare at them, disturbed. Gumball and Darwin notice, and stop dancing by rewinding their moves.
Gumball says: "So, who would you invite?"
Darwin says: "Never you mind!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "Tell me!"
Darwin says: "No, you first!"
Gumball says: "Oh, fine."
Gumball says: "But you gotta say yours at the same time."
Gumball says: "On three."
Gumball says: "One."
Gumball says: "Two."
Gumball says: "Three."
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Darwin says: "You!"
They are both surprised. Darwin is angry and Gumball is shocked.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
The bus stops, and the brothers get off.
Darwin says: "I AM NOT MAKING A SCENE!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "AND I'M NOT JEALOUS OF PENNY!"
Gumball says: "Dude, don't freak out."
Gumball says: "There's enough space in my life for the both of you."
Many Darwins appear around Gumball, crowding him.
Darwin says: "She's crowding us!"
Darwin says: "She's suffocating us!"
Darwin says: "She's oppressing us!"
Darwin says: "She's smothering us!"
They all speak at once, disappearing as Gumball interjects.
Gumball says: "Okay, enough!"
Gumball says: "I wanted your opinion on something important, but if it's gonna be like this, then just go home!"
Gumball says: "I need to go to the store anyway."
Darwin's anger turns into sadness, and he begins to sob. Suddenly, he becomes angry again.
Darwin says: "BACK OFF, PENNY FITZGERALD!"
Darwin says: "HE'S MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER!"
Stalking Penny.
The bell rings at Elmore Junior High. In a mirror on her locker door, Penny checks her face. Darwin hides behind a corner, spying on her. She sees him in the mirror and turns around. Darwin quickly hides.
Penny says: "Hm?"
She turns back to the mirror.
Darwin says: "I'm gonna dig some dirt on you, and expose you as the treacherous bro thief you are!"
Darwin stretches his eyes and navigates them around Penny. They watch her from above. Penny soon notices them.
Penny says: "Oh hi, Darwin."
Darwin screams and runs off, bumping into Carmen. Pulling his eyes back to normal, he runs to the end of a hallway. Seeing no way out, he just stands in the corner.
Penny says: "Bye… Darwin?"
Later, Penny and Carmen enter the cheerleaders' dressing room, talking.
Penny says: "…made these funny faces at me through the window of the bus and—"
Penny says: "Oh, hi Darwin."
All the girls except Penny and Carmen gasp at Darwin, who is up in the ceiling, holding onto two beams. He falls down, runs to an open locker, and applies makeup on his face in an attempt to disguise himself as a girl. Certain that it is not working, he grabs a bottle of powder from Carrie and throws it to the ground, where it explodes into a cloud. As the girls cough, he escapes.
Penny says: "Bye, Darwin."
Even later, Sussie and Penny are sitting on a bench in the schoolyard. From behind a dumpster, Darwin uses a listening device to eavesdrop on Penny.
Penny says: "Here, Sussie."
Penny says: "I know how much you love chicken skin, so I saved some from last night's dinner."
Sussie says: "SUSSIE LOVES CHICKEN SKIN!"
She grabs some and rubs it all over her head, screaming and laughing loudly. The noise makes Darwin shatter to pieces. Penny and Sussie notice him and walk over.
Penny says: "Hi, Darwin."
The pieces of Darwin scream, sprout legs, and flee.
Penny says: "Aaaand..."
Penny says: "bye, Darwin."
Sussie says: "CHICKEN!"
Penny yelps, startled.
The bell rings. In class, Penny writes on a piece of paper while humming. She grabs her bag to put a book in it. Opening it, she gets startled to find Darwin inside, reading her diary.
Darwin says: "Hi, Penny."
Darwin says: "Nice, um..."
Darwin says: "diary."
Penny says: "Hey, how about you come to lunch with me and Gumball, seems like maybe you wanna talk, right?"
A Nice Lunch.
In the cafeteria, Gumball has arranged a table for Penny and himself. He takes out a small box, which inside holds a ring. He plans to propose to Penny, but is still deciding on how.
Gumball says: "BE MY WIFE!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, it's not special enough."
Gumball takes a deep breath and tries proposing with the ring box on his tongue.
Gumball says: "Mawwy me."
Gumball says: "Still not wight."
Gumball takes the box off of his tongue and sighs.
Gumball says: "I just want it to be perfect."
Gumball starts imagining himself and Penny in a log cabin with fireflies, a bear skin rug, a fireplace, a chocolate fountain and R&B music playing. They're both having a good time, laughing.
Penny says: "Ah."
Penny says: "This is perfect, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Not quite yet, sugar."
Gumball says: "But it will be..."
The space background appears and Gumball opens the box with the ring in it.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "When you say "yes."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball snaps out of his fantasy and yelps.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "I invited him."
Darwin says: "I don't need an invite!"
Gumball says: "Okay, loud."
Gumball puts his arm around Penny. Darwin grabs Gumball's other arm, and puts it around himself. Awkwardly, they inch themselves toward the table.
Gumball says: "Sorry, I didn't know you were coming so there's only two plates."
Darwin grabs the plate of spaghetti that was intended for Gumball.
Gumball says: "Okay, can I use my hand at least?"
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Penny says: "So, uh, Darwin, I hope you don't feel… threatened by me, do you?"
Darwin says: "No."
Penny says: "Okay, good."
Penny says: "Enjoy your food."
They all begin eating. Gumball and Penny share a plate of spaghetti and begin eating the same strand. Romantic music is playing, and a kiss is imminent. The moment is cut short when it is revealed Darwin has started eating the middle of the strand, preventing the couple from kissing. They tug on the spaghetti strand trying to shake Darwin off, but it only causes all three of them to headbutt eachother. They all fall to the floor.
Gumball says: "Dude, what is wrong with you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Nothing, I'm fine!"
Darwin says: "See you later."
Gumball says: "Well, now that we're alo—"
Darwin rushes back to Gumball, and kisses him on the cheek, before rushing away again. After Darwin flees, the couple hold hands and move closer to each other.
Gumball says: "Now that we're alone, there's something I wanted to ask you."
Penny says: "What is it?"
Darwin walks back to the couple and wedges himself between them.
Darwin says: "Actually, I'm gonna stay."
Basketball.
In the gym, Coach tries and fails to whistle with her fingers.
Coach  Russo says: "Okay, now pick your teams!"
Gumball and Tobias start picking, with Gumball choosing first. In the group of students, Darwin tries to get Gumball to pick him by blowing a vuvuzela and waving around two lit flares, all while jumping up and down. Gumball looks at Penny, and she gestures to Darwin. Gumball sighs, and chooses him.
Darwin says: "Who?"
Darwin says: "Me?"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "In your face!"
Darwin dances and sings around Penny in a mocking manner. Finishing, he runs to Gumball's side. Gumball facepalms. The match begins, with Coach throwing the ball up, still unable to whistle. Gumball taps it towards Penny.
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Penny catches the ball, and is about to shoot when suddenly Darwin blocks her. In a montage, he repeatedly intercepts the ball from her, roaring. At one point he even knocks over a cup of water she is drinking. At the end of the match, he flexes his muscles and roars.
Darwin says: "Raaaaaahhh!"
Darwin says: "Defense!"
Darwin says: "Defense!"
Gumball, holding the hand of a hurt Penny, walks up to him.
Gumball says: "DARWIN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Playing ball!"
Gumball says: "She's on our team, man!"
Gumball says: "You're out!"
He throws the ball back to Darwin. Darwin's head and thus body is replaced with the basketball.
Darwin says: "Fine!"
Darwin says: "Suit yourself."
Darwin runs off, and Penny sighs.
Need Some Space.
In the library, Gumball once again tries to propose to Penny. He emerges from behind a bookcase and walks up to her.
Gumball says: "Penny, there's something I need to ask you."
Penny says: "Actually, there's something I wanted to say as well."
Gumball says: "I know."
Gumball says: "I totally feel what you feel."
Gumball says: "Let's say it at the same time."
Gumball says: "One."
Penny says: "We need some space."
Gumball gasps and makes a shocked face.
Penny says: "It's just… until you guys work it out, I kinda feel bad ruining your relationship."
Penny says: "You two have something special, you know."
Gumball, still shocked, screams as he runs off - without moving his legs. He screams and glides his way through the hallway, onto the bus, and back through his house until he arrives in his bedroom and finds Darwin waiting there. He is poorly dressed up like Penny.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Whatever it takes for you to still love me."
Darwin says: "Is it working?"
Darwin says: "Uh…I didn't mean to come between you two."
Darwin says: "I-I-I just wanted to spend more time with you."
Darwin says: "I'm so sorry."
Darwin tries to reach out to Gumball, but Gumball avoids him.
Gumball says: "Wait, this is creepy."
Gumball says: "But I really need a hug!"
Darwin holds Gumball, and comforts him.
Darwin says: "There, there."
Gumball says: "Is it weird that I love her so much it makes my ears sweat?"
Darwin says: "No, no."
Gumball says: "Is it weird that I think about her all the time, even in the bathroom?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Is it weird that I bought a ring and I want to ask her to marry me?"
Darwin says: "Well, yeah."
Darwin says: "That's-that's completely weird."
Gumball says: "Well, it doesn't matter now."
Gumball says: "It's all ruined!"
Darwin says: "No, it's not."
Darwin says: "What if I could give you the perfect setting, the perfect moment?"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Darwin begins dancing and imitating R&B music.
Gumball says: "Stop it."
Gumball says: "That…that's weird."
Darwin says: "Mm mm."
Darwin says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "How are you gonna get a log cabin though?"
Gumball says: "Or a lake?"
Gumball says: "Or a chocolate fountain?"
Gumball says: "And how are you gonna get her to come over?"
Darwin says: "Come on."
Darwin says: "Mm mm."
Darwin says: "Uh huh."
Darwin says: "Come on."
The Perfect Date.
At the Fitzgerald household, Darwin repeatedly rings the doorbell, then runs off.
Penny says: "I got it!"
Penny says: "Huh?"
Penny opens the door and notices a trail of origami roses going down the staircases.
Penny says: "Origami roses?"
Penny says: "Made out of toilet paper."
She follows the trail, which leads her through the streets, to the Watterson house, and then into the backyard to their shed.
Penny says: "Gumball?"
Penny says: "Guys?"
Penny says: "Hello?"
Penny leans down in front of a puddle of antifreeze in front of the shed, sniffing it.
Penny says: "Are your parents aware there's a lake of antifreeze in their backyard?"
Penny says: "This stuff's really flammable, you know."
Penny says: "Huh?"
Penny sees a jar with flies that have firecrackers tied to them and leans in. One fly is gesturing at the firecracker tied to it, inaudibly asking for help.
Penny knocks on the shed door and opens it. Gumball is in there, with a sensual face, and a fan with colored paper tied to it blowing loudly, emulating a fireplace. He says something to her, but the fan drowns him out.
Penny says: "What?!"
Penny says: "!"
Gumball turns off the fan.
Gumball "Romantic" voice A-please. Sit down.
Penny says: "Wow."
Penny says: "Okay..."
Penny walks in the shed.
Penny says: "Uh, why are you sitting on roadkill?"
Gumball says: ""You have made me the happiest man in the world."
Gumball says: "Goodnight."
Penny says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Uh, hold on."
Gumball takes another piece of paper from his pocket and reads from it.
Gumball says: ""Romantic deep male voice."
Penny suppresses her laughter.
Gumball says: "May I offer you a refreshment?"
He opens a bottle of soda, but it fizzes out of control. Gumball tries to stop it, all while still making the face, with some struggle. Eventually, the fizzing stops, with Penny wiping her mouth. He pours the remaining drop of soda into a glass, drops the ring in it, and hands it to Penny.
From outside, Darwin squeals upon recieving the order. He starts chewing some chocolate, holding onto a hose, and quickly blows the chewed up chocolate through a hose. The chocolate comes out of a pipe inside the shed, spewing everywhere. Gumball takes some of the chewed up chocolate on a stick with a strawberry and offers it to Penny.
Gumball says: "So Penny, there's something I've been meaning to ask you."
Penny throws the chocolate strawberry away.
Penny says: "Uh, I'm listening."
Gumball begins to read another piece of paper, one which holds the big question, but it is covered with chocolate.
Gumball says: "Uh… uh—"
Penny says: "Oh, look; stop with the cards, just talk to me."
Gumball says: "Urgh!"
Darwin says: "Come on man, just say it!"
Darwin says: "Come on, COME ON!"
In impatience, he unintentionally breaks one of the jars containing the flies. The firecrackers on the flies ignite, and set fire to the origami roses as they fly around. Darwin tries blowing the fires out, but only adds fuel to them. He screams, steps on the ignited roses and peeks into the shed. After trying to get Gumball's attention, Gumball growls at him, so Darwin simply grabs a shovel and closes the door. As Gumball continues struggling to propose, Penny drinks her soda and chokes on the ring, changing forms as she coughs. Gumball now has his eyes closed, and so is unaware that she is choking. Darwin continues fighting the fires, now trying to smother them by beating them with the shovel. A stray ember sets the puddle of antifreeze alight. Darwin barges into the shed only to be greeted by Penny in her Gorgon form. He quickly closes the door, but upon seeing a propane tank about to explode, rushes in. He pushes Gumball's mouth with his fins in an attempt to help him speak.
Gumball says: "Will you marry me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
He then grabs Penny, who is still choking, and all three jump out of the window just before the gas tank explodes, destroying the shed. Upon landing, the ring is dislodged from Penny's throat.
Penny says: "What did you say back there?"
Gumball says: "Marry me!"
Penny says: "Oh Gumball, I can't."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Penny says: "We're twelve years old."
Gumball says: "Age doesn't matter when it comes to love."
Penny says: "Legally, it kinda does."
Penny says: "And I don't think Darwin's over it yet."
Camera zooms out, revealing Darwin scowling. He then smiles, eye twitching.
Darwin says: "No, I'm perfectly fine with it."
Penny says: "Besides, we don't need a ring to show we love each other."
Gumball says: "What do we do with it, then?"
Penny says: "I think I have an idea."
Bromance.
Penny says: "…and Gumball."
Penny says: "Do you, in the name of the bro-code, bromise to always love and take care of your bro in sickness and in health, brosperity and broverty?"
Gumball says: "I do."
Penny says: "You may now high-five the bro."
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Penny kisses Darwin and Gumball on their cheeks, and they all laugh as fireworks light up the sky. We see that the fire has spread, by way of the trail of origami roses, and eventually we find it has reached the Fitzgerald's house. The episode ends with the Fitzgeralds watching their house burn as firefighters try to put it out.