Trapped in the Bathroom.
The scene starts out showing the door of the boys' bathroom. Gumball and Darwin are yelling for help and banging on the door.
Gumball says: "Help!"
Darwin says: "We can't get out!"
Gumball says: "Please, help!"
Gumball says: "We're locked in!"
Darwin says: "Please, let us out!"
Gumball stops yelling and sighs.
Gumball says: "It's no use, Darwin."
Gumball says: "We're gonna be stuck in here forever."
Both slide down the wall to a sitting position.
Gumball says: "It's the last time I come in here to whistle for you."
Darwin says: "But if you don't whistle, I can't go!"
Gumball says: "I never thought it would end like this."
Gumball says: "Stuck in a bathroom forever."
Darwin says: "At least we've had some pretty good times."
Gumball says: "And some crummy ones too."
Brief silence.
Gumball says: "Look, Darwin, if we don't get out of here, there's something I need to tell you."
Gumball says: "Remember that time I found a creepy picture in your schoolbook and you said you didn't do it?"
Flashback of saddened Darwin in a classroom with Miss Simian and Mr. Small looking at Darwin's book amazed, before looking at Darwin, then back to the book.
Gumball says: "Well..."
Gumball says: "That was me."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I had to go to counseling for that!"
Darwin says: "I lost my whole summer!"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, dude."
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Small put me in the isolation tank!"
Gumball says: "Well, let's not dwell on the past."
Darwin shakes his head in annoyance, before suddenly becoming wide eyed.
Darwin says: "Gumball, there's something I haven't told you too, and it's probably gonna shock you."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Is it really bad or something?"
Darwin says: "It's pretty bad, yeah."
Darwin says: "Last week—"
Rocky opens the door, interrupting Darwin.
Rocky says: "Oh, man, I'm so glad it's you!"
Rocky says: "I thought this place was haunted by a couple of screaming girls!"
Gumball and Darwin says: "We're saved!"
Gumball says: "How long have we been here?"
Rocky says: "About three minutes."
Gumball and Darwin exit the bathroom.
Gumball says: "Oh, uh, wait, what were you going to say back there, by the way?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "You were going to say something, remember?"
Darwin says: "Ohh, don't worry about that now."
Darwin says: "We're free!"
Gumball looks worried and stops walking.
That Little Secret.
The living room. Gumball and Darwin are playing Kebab Fighter against each other.
Darwin says: "I love this game, it's so much fun!"
Gumball says: "Yep!"
Gumball says: "Hey, you know what else was fun?"
Gumball says: "When we were stuck in the bathroom together and you were gonna tell me that secret!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, that was fun."
Gumball says: "Just out of curiosity, what was that little secret?"
Darwin says: "It's better you don't know."
Gumball says: "Sure..."
Gumball says: "but I told you mine, therefore I think it's fair you tell me yours."
Darwin says: "Nah, let's just play instead."
Gumball says: "Yeah, let's just play..."
Gumball's character starts hitting Darwin's character consecutively, without Darwin being able to block any.
Gumball says: "Look at him standing there, knowing his secret."
Gumball says: "I'll get it out of him if it's the last think I do!"
Darwin says: "Wow, you're pretty good at this!"
Gumball rapidly spams the controller. His character knocks out Darwin's. "End It" appears on the screen while Gumball's character spawns a large mallet. The character then proceeds to smash Darwin's character into the ground. "Gumball Wins" is displayed on the screen, ending the game. Suddenly, Gumball's character starts repetitively smashing Darwin's character uncontrollably with the mallet. Gumball is angrily hitting the buttons on his controller. Darwin looks wide-eyed at the screen, then at Gumball.
Flaming Torture.
Darwin is sitting at the dining table. Gumball comes on-screen with a plate of baked beans and mashed potato, which he gives to Darwin.
Gumball says: "There you go, old pal!"
Darwin says: "What's the occasion?"
Gumball says: "Can't a guy just make a meal for his best buddy?"
Darwin says: "This hasn't got anything to do with the secret, has it?"
Gumball says: "Secret?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "What secret?"
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "You're giving me this food so I'll tell you the secret, aren't you?"
Gumball says: "Am I?"
Darwin says: "Are you?"
Darwin says: "Did you do something to this food?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "Did I?"
Darwin says: "I need water!"
Darwin says: "I need water now!"
Darwin says: "I need water!!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, excuse me?"
Darwin jumps above Gumball to get water from the tap, but the tap itself is tightened by Gumball to prevent Darwin from getting water.
Gumball says: "Tap's are a little tight, eh?"
Darwin then runs to open the fridge to get any available drink, but the only items are  mustard, garlic, cactus, chili, and hot sauce.
Gumball says: "Looks like we're all out of drinks."
Gumball says: "Oh, wait, what's this?"
Gumball says: "You want it?"
Darwin says: "I want it!"
Darwin says: "I want it!!"
Gumball says: "What's the secret?"
Gumball continues to taunt Darwin with the glass of milk and pulls back in various movements to torture him. In a few seconds, Gumball finally puts the glass of milk on the floor as Darwin drags himself across the floor. As he starts to take the glass, Gumball grabs the glass and puts it slightly further to further torture Darwin. Finally, Darwin can't handle the torture any longer.
Gumball says: "Oh man..."
Darwin says: "Thanks, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "You're welcome."
Special Winner.
Gumball is currently calling someone inside phone booth.
Gumball says: "Uh, hello!"
Gumball says: "Is uh..."
Gumball says: "Darwin Watterson there, please?"
Richard says: "Is this a telemarketer?"
Gumball says: "Uh, no."
Gumball says: "It's a recorded message."
Richard says: "Oh, okay."
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Gumball says: "Congratulations!"
Gumball says: "You've been selected to win a special prize!"
Darwin says: "Coooooooool!"
Gumball says: "Just answer this one question correctly!"
Gumball says: "When you were locked in the bathroom, what were you going to tell Gumball?"
Darwin says: "Oh oh!"
Darwin says: "I know this one!"
Darwin says: "I know this one!"
Darwin says: "I'm gonna win a competition, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Wow!"
Richard says: "What's the prize?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "What's the prize?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's uh..."
Gumball says: "vouchers."
Gumball says: "For beauty spa."
Darwin says: "It's spa vouchers."
Richard says: "At last!"
Richard says: "A manicure!"
Suddenly the call is interrupted by a voice informing Gumball to insert 25 cents to continue using the phone.
Phone Voice says: "Please insert twenty-five cents to continue your call."
Gumball tries to find a quarter to continue, but finds nothing.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Ah-ah!"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "G-give me your answer!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Ask them if they can do a foot massage and will they do my roots."
Darwin says: "Can you do a foot massage—"
Gumball says: "Give me the answer!!"
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "The answer is—"
Gumball says: "Noooooooo!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Yaaaaaaaaaah!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaaaaaaaah!"
Mind Reading.
Gumball and Darwin are sitting at a table. Darwin is drawing a picture, and Gumball is sitting across from him.
Darwin says: "Are you trying to read my mind?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "Are you thinking "my face really hurts?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Then I wasn't."
Gumball's face falls, then slowly retracts, eventually appearing to be sunk into his head. Darwin resumes his drawing.
A Pressuring Dream.
Camera close-up to Darwin's face, sleeping in his fish bowl. Inside Darwin's dream, he is swimming in the ocean. He sees a shrimp sitting on a rock.
Darwin approaches the crying shrimp.
Darwin says: "What's the matter, little shrimp?"
Shrimp says: "I'm sad because my best friend won't tell me his secret."
Darwin says: "Sometimes even best friends have to have a secret."
Shrimp says: "Did you have secrets?!"
Shrimp says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "Only one."
Shrimp says: "Well maybe if you tell me that, I would feel less sad."
Darwin says: "But I can't tell you."
Shrimp says: "Please, Darwin."
Shrimp says: "Please tell me your secret."
Sea Creatures says: "Tell us your secret, Darwin..."
Catfish says: "Tell me your secret, Darwin."
Darwin says: "What are you?"
Catfish says: "I'm a catfish."
Darwin says: "But don't catfish live in fresh water, like rivers and streams?"
Catfish says: "Dude, it's a dream."
Catfish says: "I mean you're sweating underwater."
Darwin wipes his sweat.
Catfish says: "NOW TELL ME YOUR SECRET!!"
Darwin gasps as he wakes up from his dream, cutting to Gumball eagerly begging for Darwin to tell his secret to him.
Gumball says: "Tell me your secret!"
Gumball says: "Tell me your..."
Gumball says: "Oh, hey, Darwin."
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Just helping you sleep."
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball caresses Darwin's fish bowl as Darwin looks at him in annoyance.
Desperate Gumball.
Cut to the dining room. Darwin is drawing, while Gumball keeps begging Darwin for his secret.
Gumball says: "Darwin, just tell me your secret."
Darwin says: "No."
Anais says: "What secret?"
Darwin says: "You know..."
Anais says: "Oh, that secret."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You know too?"
Gumball says: "Come on, Anais!"
Gumball says: "I'm your big brother."
Gumball says: "Please, please, please tell me."
Anais says: "Sorry, Gumball, but I won't."
Anais says: "It's for your own good."
Gumball says: "Fine."
Gumball says: "If that's the way you wanna play, I'll just have to get it out of you."
Gumball starts poking Anais' head.
Gumball says: "Come on, come on, come on, come on, tell me, tell me, tell me, I know you're gonna tell me, you might as well tell me now, tell me now—"
Scene cuts to the bedroom. Anais is doing her homework and Gumbal is still poking her.
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "tell me now, tell me now, tell me now, you know I'm gonna break you, sis, you might as well tell me now, you're gonna break, this is gonna break you, tell me now."
Gumball is still poking Anais' head in the bathroom while washing their teeth.
Gumball says: "Tell me now, tell me now, tell me now, come on, Anais, come on, Anais."
Scene cuts inside the bus. Gumball is still going.
Gumball says: "Tell me now, tell me now, put it down, lay it down, fess it up."
Anais says: "You do that one more time..."
Gumball pokes Anais for the last time.
Trapped in the Bathroom Again.
The school lockers. Gumball, with a beaten-up face, approaches Darwin.
Gumball says: "Hey, I've been talking with Anais and she told me everything, so it's okay to talk about it now."
Darwin says: "She didn't, did she?"
Gumball says: "No..."
Darwin says: "Look, Gumball."
Darwin says: "When we were in the bathroom, we thought it was gonna be the end."
Darwin says: "So unless we're in that situation again, I don't think I can ever tell you."
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What are you talking about "what"?"
Cut to the boys' bathroom where Gumball locks the door and slide the key outside through the gap below the door.
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "Locked in."
Gumball says: "Now tell me your secret."
Darwin says: "Fine."
Darwin says: "But don't go crying about it."
Darwin says: "You know last week when you made me that sandwich and I said it was "great"?"
Gumball says: "Uh huh, uh huh."
Darwin says: "Well, it was just "good"!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Is that it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I knew you'd react like this."
Gumball says: "I spent all this time, trying to get it out of you, and that was it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "A sandwich?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm so sorry, Gumball."
Darwin says: "Look, let's just get out of here."
Darwin says: "Come on."
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, I locked it."
Darwin says: "HELP!"
Darwin says: "HELP!"
Gumball says: "ROCKY!"
Gumball says: "WE'RE LOCKED IN THE BATHROOM!"
Cut to Rocky mopping the floor and listening to a French language lesson.
Voice says: "French module one."
Voice says: "Peter Pineapple is having a blast at the discotheque."
Rocky says: "Pierre l'ananas s'éclate à la discothèque."
Cut back to Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Oh man."
Gumball says: "What have I done?"
Gumball says: "How we're gonna get out of here now?"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Let's swim out through the toilet!"
Brief pause.
Gumball says: "Whyyyyy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball sits above Darwin, which is now inside the toilet. Then Gumball flushes and both of them slides down. Rocky unlocks the door.
Rocky says: "Meh."
Misunderstanding.
Cut to a sewer where Gumball and Darwin have landed.
Gumball says: "Now what?"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "We'll be perfectly fine, as long as the system don't get flushed out."
Moments later, a huge wave fills the sewer and hits Gumball and Darwin. They go through a series of pipes.
Gumball says: "I can't believe we're in this mess because of you!"
Darwin says: "Me?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I said no!"
Darwin says: "But you forced me to tell you."
Gumball says: "Why would anyone hold on to such a trivial piece of information?"
Darwin says: "You're the one who wanted to know."
Gumball says: "That's because you said it was really bad!"
Gumball says: "I mean, you used the wrong adjective to describe a sandwich."
Gumball says: "Good, great, what's the difference?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin are swept into a dangerous hole, swim through a pipe, and end up in a water tank.
Darwin says: "Well, if it was just a big nothing, why don't you get over it?"
Gumball says: "I am over it!"
Gumball says: "But if I stop shouting, it'll look like I lost the argument!"
Gumball says: "All I'm saying is I'm very sorry, please forgive me, and I love you!"
Darwin says: "I love you too!"
Both eventually get stuck inside a bottle, which is on a conveyor belt among other bottles.
Gumball says: "Cool."
Gumball says: "Um, are we in a bottle of water?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Does this mean the water we drink starts off in the toilet?"
Pantsbully says: "What did ya think?"
Pantsbully says: "It just falls outta the sky or somethin'?"
Gumball says: "Sir, do you know the way to the Watterson house?"
Pantsbully says: "Go back the way you came, and this time take a left at the school pipe."
The Real Secret.
Cut to Wattersons' house, then into the bathroom. Richard is washing his hands. Gumball and Darwin emerge from the toilet.
Richard says: "AHH!"
Richard says: "Did I ate you?"
Gumball says: "No, we've been lost in the sewers."
Richard says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Richard and Darwin come out, leaving Gumball inside.
Anais says: "Where's Gumball?"
Darwin says: "He's taking a shower."
Anais says: "So, did you tell him the secret?"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "He must never know that we accidentally uploaded that clip."
Both of them laugh.
The "Hip Flop" video clip that Darwin and Anais uploaded appears.
Gumball says: "Check this out."
Gumball dances, then he loses his balances and destroys everything near him. The episode ends when the video clip shows the view count over 961,264,966 views.