Dear Diary.
Anais' diary opens up. As Gumball, in Anais' voice, reads, a scene plays out, showing a depiction of Anais handing "Jodie" a pen. "Jodie" smiles at Anais.
Gumball says: "Dear diary, today it happened, the thing I wanted most, I made a friend."
Gumball says: "Her name is Jodie."
Gumball says: "She needed a pen, so I lent her mine."
Gumball says: "Which is why I wrote this entry with a paintbrush dipped in yogurt."
Gumball says: "But she smiled at me!"
Gumball says: "From this moment on, I knew we were going to be best friends."
Darwin says: "Dude, that's a really good impression."
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "But I'm still not convinced we should be reading this."
Gumball says: "Ah, come on, we did the pros and cons."
Gumball and Darwin look at their list of pros and cons. The list shows only two pros and an indeterminately large amount of cons going off the sheet of paper, out of their house, through town, and on top of Alison.
Gumball says: "Okay, quite a few cons."
Gumball says: "But on the pro's side..."
Gumball says: "I hope I get my growth sprout soon, I'm tired of using the cat door at Granny Jojo's house because I can't reach her doorknob."
Darwin says: "Okay, let's just read a little more."
Gumball says: "Today, I got to sit with Jodie in the cafeteria."
Gumball says: "She still looked hungry after finishing her lunch, so I gave her mine."
Gumball says: "Jodie was scared she'd get a bad grade on her science project, so I gave her that too."
Gumball says: ": She was right!"
Gumball says: "Science is not her strength."
Gumball says: "But I was happy to help my friend."
Anais tries to demonstrate "Jodie's" project, but it causes an explosion. Anais is then seen laying in the infirmary. "Jodie" walks past her, having gotten an A+ using Anais' project. Anais waves at her, but "Jodie" doesn't notice.
Gumball says: "Later on, we walked back home together."
Gumball says: "She said she was tired, so I carried her bag."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, this Jodie is taking credit for Anais' work, getting her to carry her stuff, and eating her lunch!"
Gumball says: "You know what she sounds like?"
Darwin says: "You?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I meant—"
Gumball says: "You know Anais."
Gumball says: "In spite of being clever and sarcastic, she's also fragile and weird, and she has trouble fitting in, and this person is taking advantage of her weakness!"
Gumball says: "And you know what that's called?"
Darwin says: "A Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah, but—"
Gumball says: "I just don't think Anais should hang around with that kind of person."
Darwin says: "Now you sound like Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Gumball says: "I refuse to let our little sister get tricked by this parasite!"
Spotting Jodie.
In the school hallway, Tobias and Leslie are having a conversation. Gumball and Darwin peer from around the corner of the hallway.
Gumball says: "Can you see her?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Look harder!"
Darwin puts a toothpick in his mouth and makes a tough-looking face.
Gumball says: "No, I meant—"
Gumball says: "There she is!"
Gumball and Darwin spot who they imagined Jodie to look like opening her locker.
Darwin says: "Huh, funny."
Darwin says: "She looks exactly how I imagined."
Gumball says: "Darwin, give me your shoe."
Gumball says: "This will teach you for toying with my sister's feelings!"
Gumball hurls the shoe at the girl, causing her to shriek and faint. Anais then walks into frame accompanied by the real Jodie.
Anais says: "So Jodie, are you hungry?"
Anais says: "Friend?"
Both Gumball and Darwin gasp.
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Darwin runs to the knocked-out girl, takes his shoe, and runs back.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "about her!"
Darwin runs back to the girl and checks her pulse. He sighs, relieved, and runs back to Gumball.
Gumball says: "I got an idea."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Give me your shoe."
Darwin says: "Um, how about we just wait and see if she's actually as bad as you think?"
Gumball says: "Alright."
Anais says: "Jodie, we're friends right?"
Jodie says: "Sure."
Anais says: "Best friends?"
Jodie says: "Well, uh..."
Anais says: "Um, do you want some candy?"
Jodie says: "Um, okay."
Anais says: "Whatchu' want?"
Anais says: "Don't worry."
Anais says: "I'll buy one of each."
Anais says: "That's what friends are for."
Anais says: "Yeah."
Anais chuckles. All the candy falls out of the vending machine. Anais grabs a handful and tries to give it to Jodie, who steps back with a concerned look.
Gumball says: "I don't know what to feel, sadness for our little sister, or angry at that horrible freeloader!"
Darwin says: "How about both?"
Gumball and Darwin cry with one side of their faces and make angry looks with the other.
Brainwashed.
In the gym, Anais, Jodie, and Clare are throwing a ball around. Gumball, hiding behind some gym equipment with Darwin, then throws a dodge ball towards Jodie. Anais sees it, gasps, and takes the hit, giving her a black eye.
Anais says: "I'm okay, Jodie."
The scene cuts back to Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin says: "What exactly are you trying to do here?"
Darwin says: "No, no, no!"
Darwin says: "I-I believe you."
Darwin says: "How about you stop throwing things at innocent girls and we speak to Anais when she's alone?"
Gumball groans and the two walk away.
Anais says: "Hey, Jodie."
Anais says: "You want me to carry your bag?"
Jodie says: "Okay."
Gumball runs back into frame and tries to hurl another dodge ball at Jodie. It hits Anais instead.
Anais says: "OW!"
The school bell rings. Gumball and Darwin confront Anais in the hallway.
Darwin says: "Hey Anais, we need to talk."
Anais says: "What about?"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Ahhh, what was that for?"
Anais says: "That was for reading my diary."
Anais says: "And that's for worrying about me."
Gumball says: "You don't understand!"
Gumball says: "She's not your friend, she's a parasite!"
Gumball says: "First, she uses you to get stuff."
Gumball says: "she takes over your mind, attaches herself to your body, and before you know it, she turns you into a fungus thingy so that she can release her spores, contaminating more people and destroying civilization as we know it!"
Gumball says: ".."
Gumball says: "I stole that last line from a zombie video game."
Gumball says: "It's just, I don't want you to feel sad when you realize she's not a true friend."
Anais says: "Look, for once I get to hang out with someone who gives me my own problems, rather than someone who makes me fix theirs."
Gumball says: "Who's that?"
Gumball says: "sounds awful."
Anais says: "You!"
Anais says: "Please don't ruin this for me!"
Gumball says: "Follow her!"
Tobias walks past the Gumball and Darwin creature. It notices Tobias and attacks him.
Cafeteria.
Jodie queues for her food while Anais stares at her awkwardly in front.
Rocky says: "That will be five bucks."
Anais says: "I'll pay for me and my friend."
Gumball says: "No no no no, that chicken is so old it came before the egg."
Gumball says: "Come on, lunch is on me!"
At the table.
Gumball says: "Here!"
Gumball says: "Help yourself Jodie, I know how much you like free stuff."
Anais says: "Hmm.."
Anais says: "Who made these?"
Gumball says: "Oh, just me and dad."
Anais says: "So they're all the same."
Anais says: "Right?"
Gumball says: "Of course."
Anais says: "Great!"
Anais says: "Then let's eat!"
Gumball says: "Oh wait!"
Gumball says: "You don't want that one, Jodie."
Gumball says: "I think dad was running out of mayo by the time he made it."
Gumball says: "Here!"
Gumball says: "Have mine, it's got loads of mayo in it."
Darwin says: "Oh you won't want that then!"
Darwin says: "It'll be soggy."
Darwin says: "Here, lets swap."
Darwin says: "I love mayo."
Gumball says: "Whaaat?"
Gumball says: "Noo!"
Gumball says: "You hate mayo, remember?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Uh, I just remembered."
Darwin says: "I hate mayo."
Rocky says: "Oh, for derp's sake!"
Rocky says: "There!"
Rocky says: "Now it's fair for everyone."
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Jodie nervously raise the sandwiches to their mouths and reluctantly take bites.
Gumball says: "Mmm."
Darwin says: "Mmm."
Anais and Jodie nod along. The scene cuts to Richard back home, who is suffocating on the floor. The phone hangs just above his hand.
Larry says: "Hello, 911."
Larry says: "Hello?"
Back in the cafeteria.
Anais says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Gumball says: "The only sensible thing: poison the sandwich so your so-called friend gets the message that—"
Gumball says: "okay, now that I said it out loud, I realize it sounds kinda wrong."
Jodie and Anais unblinkingly stare at Gumball and Darwin, with shrunken pupils and robot voices.
Jodie says: "We think it's time for you to go."
Gumball says: "Okay, wait, I'm confused."
Gumball says: "Are you using the "royal we" now?"
Gumball says: "Are you gonna start playing doubles tennis on your own."
Gumball says: "When you go to the bathroom, are you gonna say,  "We're having two weebies!"
Gumball says: "" LISTEN TO YOURSELF!"
Gumball says: "You're not even making your own decisions anymore!"
Jodie says: "That's ridiculous."
Jodie says: "Of course we're—"
Anais says: "—"
Anais says: "making our own decisions."
Anais says: "We are still—"
Jodie says: "—"
Jodie says: "separate people."
Gumball and Darwin gasp.
Gumball says: "Did you see that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "She's taking control of your mind!"
Gumball says: "She's not just a social parasite; she's an actual parasite!"
Anais says: "You are being—"
Jodie says: "—"
Jodie says: "ridiculous."
Anais says: "We're—"
Jodie says: "—"
Jodie says: "leaving."
Jodie leaps on top of Anais in a similar manner to how Gumball and Darwin previously demonstrated.
Gumball says: "L-look at it!"
Gumball says: "Just like a leech!"
Jodie says: "Jodie is just—"
Anais says: "—"
Anais says: "tired from playing dodge ball."
Gumball says: "But..."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "She can walk on her own two feet like everyone else in this school!"
Gumball says: "Okay, and her, but you get the idea!"
Jodie and Anais walk off.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "I think I have an idea."
False Separation.
Darwin peeks across the hallway to Jodie, who is hiding behind a corner.
Gumball says: "Is she alone?"
Darwin says: "Uh-huh."
Gumball dials a phone; Jodie's phone rings.
Jodie says: "Hello?"
Gumball says: "So?"
Darwin says: "I think you went too far."
Gumball and Darwin check on her. She cries.
Gumball says: "Hey, Jodie, please don't cry."
Gumball says: "I-It wasn't really Anais on the phone; I just thought you were being a bad friend to her."
Jodie makes distorted grunting.
Darwin says: "Uh, Jodie, do you need a tissue?"
Gumball says: "On a bucket?"
The Fusion.
Jodie screams. She is shown with Anais fused together; Gumball and Darwin scream.
Gumball says: "Hey, get off my sister's everything!"
Jodie says: "Leave us alone!"
Anais fused says: "Leave us alone!"
Darwin says: "They're getting away!"
The fusion of Anais and Jodie bumps against the lockers while they are running through the hallway.
Darwin says: "Kinda."
Scene cuts to the library. Gumball and Darwin enter through the door.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Let go of my sister, you parasite!"
Jodie says: "I'm not a parasite!"
Anais says: "I'm not a parasite!"
Gumball says: "Let's throw some scientific facts at 'em!"
Darwin says: "Good idea!"
Gumball and Darwin get books from bookshelves; Darwin reads from a book.
Darwin says: ""A wolverine can kill a moose!"
Darwin says: "The colour of the universe is a shade of beige called Cosmic Latte!"
Darwin says: "Male sea horses can—"
Gumball says: "I meant that we should throw books!"
Gumball says: "I said throw some facts 'cause it was, like, a-an action movie quip."
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Gumball says: "Just throw books."
Darwin says: "But we'll hit Anais."
Gumball says: "Just avoid the pink parts."
Gumball and Darwin throw books at Jodie and Anais.
Jodie says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Jodie says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "This is worse than I thought."
Gumball says: "They're even feeling the same things!"
Jodie and Anais run between Gumball and Darwin; they hiss and grunt.
Gumball says: "There's only one solution left."
Darwin says: "It better not be throwing a shoe at them!"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "You got something better?"
Darwin says: "We take them to the infirmary!"
Gumball says: "Okay, that is actually better."
Gumball says: "I'll set up a trap, you lure them in—"
Darwin says: "A humane trap, please."
Gumball says: "Of course."
Jodie and Anais run through the hallway. Darwin blocks them, and they go the opposite direction. Darwin blocks them again, leading them right into Gumball's trap. As Gumball pulls a rope, they trip over, slide in a puddle of oil, land roughly into a box, and the box falls down the stairs, making a hole through the infirmary door. Clashing and clattering is involved.
Darwin says: "Is that your idea of humane?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I thought she would see the yellow rope, duck, slide in the oil, and get delicately trapped inside the box."
Gumball says: "I-I didn't think it would, well, you know—"
The infirmary catches on fire, leading the nurse to utilize the fire extinguisher.
Gumball says: "That'll be the candle I put in the box in case they were scared of the dark."
Darwin stares furiously.
Gumball says: "At least they're in the infirmary."
In the Infirmary.
Gumball chuckles nervously. Scene cuts to a surgery-like scene, with Jodie and Anais on the bed.
Gumball says: "Nurse, we need a C."
Gumball says: "T."
Gumball says: "scan, an MRI, and an X-Ray—"
Gumball says: "stat!"
Scene reveals to be in normal atmosphere.
Joan says: "Right, and I want a six-figure salary, a cabriolet, and a pension plan."
Joan says: "Unfortunately, this the school infirmary, not NASA."
Joan says: "All I have here is Vitamin C, some teddy-bear-shaped Band-Aids, and a couple of lollipops."
Joan says: "What's the problem, anyway?"
Gumball says: "Our sister got infected by a social parasite!"
The creature groans; Ms. Markham examines them. She checks the fusion's heartbeat, which seems to be quick, but is actually shown as Gumball thumping the table with his fingers in worry.
Gumball says: "Uh, oh, sorry."
Gumball says: "So, what do we do?"
Joan says: "Pretty simple—"
Joan says: "your sister needs to let go of that poor girl."
Joan says: "She is the parasite."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Jodie says: "All I wanted was to borrow a pen."
Scene cuts to a flashback of the actuality of the diary. Anais hands Jodie a pen; Jodie smiles.
Anais says: "Frie-e-e-e-end."
Scene cuts to Jodie eating lunch. Anais enters, feeding her food from her own lunch.
Anais says: "Frie-e-e-e-end."
Scene cuts to Anais, offering Jodie her science project forcefully.
Anais says: "Frie-e-e-e-end."
Jodie says: "I-I-I-I can't accept this."
Anais says: "FRIEND!"
Jodie says: "Uh, uh, okay, okay."
Scene cuts back to present reality.
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Anais says: "I'm sorry."
Anais says: "I was really excited and got carried away."
Anais says: "I'll let go of you now."
Anais separates from Jodie offscreen. Apparently, it is a horrific scene; all those present are repulsed and there is ooze all over both of them.
Anais says: "I hope you can forgive me."
Anais says: "I-I know I acted crazy, but it's because I never had a school friend before."
Anais says: "So I got a little clingy."
Anais says: "I think if—"
Anais says: "if you gave me a second chance and got to know the less insane, more normal me, we could actually be real friends."
Anais says: "What do you say?"
It is shown that Jodie has escaped from the infirmary.
Gumball says: "She went that way."
Anais says: "FRIEND!"
Episode ends.