Bathroom.
The episode begins with Richard opening a mirror cabinet to get shaving cream. He closes it, and his reflection is shown. He yawns, then inhales deeply. He screams while putting the shaving cream on, then shaves his beard with a hatchet. He splashes hot water on himself, puts cucumber slices on his eyes, then applies a green face mask. He pulls out a nose hair and tears the face mask off. He admires his appearance, then roars.
Richard says: "You still got it."
Gumball and Darwin go up to the bathroom sink, grab a toothbrush, and start brushing their teeth.
Richard says: "Hey, kids."
Richard says: "Do I look old to you?"
They put their toothbrushes back.
Gumball says: "Uh, it's hard to say."
Gumball says: "I guess that's the good thing about being fat, it fills out all the wrinkles!"
Richard says: "Agh!"
Richard says: "Well, guess my age."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "Ooh!"
Darwin says: "Ice Age!"
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Are you kidding me?"
Richard says: "When do you think I was born?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "Fifteen ninety-two?"
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "Minus a hundred!"
Richard says: "Fourteen ninety-two?"
Richard says: "That's when America was discovered!"
Gumball says: "Aw, come on!"
Gumball says: "Help us out here."
Gumball says: "Was it B."
Gumball says: "C."
Gumball says: "or A."
Gumball says: "D."
Gumball says: "?"
Richard says: "Hmmph!"
Richard turns his back on the boys and leaves the bathroom in a huff. Nicole enters wearing a bathrobe, with a towel wrapped around her head.
Nicole says: "What did you say to your father?"
Gumball says: "It's not our fault!"
Gumball says: "It was a trap!"
Nicole says: "Ooh, was he fishing for compliments again?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "And some reality got caught in the net."
Darwin says: "But you know what it's like, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Darwin says: "You're pretty old, too."
Nicole says: "I'm old?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I mean, you're so old that..."
Gumball says: "You learned to drive on a horse!"
Gumball and Nicole laugh.
Darwin says: "You're so old that you ate dodo at your first Thanksgiving!"
Laughter from Gumball, Darwin, and Nicole.
Gumball says: "You're so old, that if you had kids now, they'd be born middle-aged!"
They all laugh.
Nicole says: "ALRIGHT!"
Nicole grabs the sides of her face, pulling the skin taut.
Nicole says: "No one stays young forever, you know."
Nicole says: "You'll see how it feels when it happens to you."
Nicole leaves the room. Gumball and Darwin snicker.
Darwin says: "Ahh, I think we'll be fine."
Gumball says: "Yeah, dude."
Gumball says: "I've been twelve for like..."
Gumball says: "Forever now!"
Darwin says: "I think we can safely say that we'll be young forever, and never  cha-a-a-a-ange!"
Darwin covers his mouth.
Gumball says: "ALRIGHT?"
Darwin says: "What's happening?"
Gumball says: "I think  OUR VOICES ARE BROKE!"
Darwin says: "Dude, that was so low you made some of my organs move inside."
Living Room.
Gumball and Darwin are sitting on the couch silently and they look at each other.
Gumball says: "Okay, that was weird, but I'm not gonna let it ruin our day."
Gumball says: "I'll call Penny and see if she wants to go to the mall."
Gumball gets off the couch, picks up the phone, dials the number and puts it up to his ear. It rings for a second and then the screen splits to Gumball and Patrick.
Patrick says: "Fitzgerald residence!"
Gumball says: "pleeeease..."
Patrick says: "Is this a joke?"
Gumball says: "Uh, no."
Patrick says: "This better be a joke."
Patrick's half of the screen gets bigger and bigger, crushing Gumball.
Patrick says: "I don't think you understand."
Patrick says: "You think you can call my house and freak us out?"
Patrick says: "You think you've got a scary voice?"
Patrick says: "This..."
Patrick says: "is a scary voice."
Patrick says: "Now listen to me."
Patrick says: "I have a very specific set of skills."
Patrick says: "Skills I've acquired over a very long career."
Patrick says: "In real estate."
Patrick says: "If you never call my daughter again, that..."
Patrick says: "will be the end of it."
Patrick says: "But if you do, I will look for you."
Patrick says: "I will find you."
Patrick says: "And I will build a house around you."
Patrick says: "With no doors!"
Gumball says: "Okay, bye!"
Gumball puts the phone back, and now has a triangular shaped head due to getting crushed by the literal phone line. Darwin stares at the ceiling.
Gumball says: "What are you looking at?"
Darwin says: "I dunno."
Darwin says: "What are you pointing at?"
The Bus.
Scene then shows Gumball and Darwin, with Gumball's head back to normal, as they wait for the bus and get on. Darwin then speaks to the driver.
Darwin says: "Hello, two kids-price..."
The bus driver is revealed to be a stout dwarf warrior.
Manly Warrior says: "You disgust me!"
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Manly Warrior says: "Where is your pride?"
Manly Warrior says: "Where is your beard?"
Manly Warrior says: "WHERE IS YOUR AXE?!"
Manly Warrior says: "!"
Gumball says: "Wait, why are you driving with an axe?"
Manly Warrior says: "Oh, I use it to push the pedals."
Darwin says: "Sir, I think you're confused."
Manly Warrior says: "Your manly warrior voices gave you away!"
Manly Warrior says: "Our people built wonders in the mines of Ezrendel and here you are, pretending to be children to scrounge a bus fare!"
Manly Warrior says: "Shame on you!"
Gumball says: "Dude, we're not cheating anyone."
Gumball says: "We're kids."
Manly Warrior says: "I should report you to the Council of Elders!"
Gnome 1 says: "You don't need a discount!"
Gnome 1 says: "Your mountains are full of gold and mithril."
Gnome 2 says: "How can someone be so little and yet so evil?"
Gnomes throw food and rubbish at Gumball and Darwin while they step off the bus; bus Driver throws his axe at them.
Gumball says: "Do you feel like walking?"
Gumball says: "I feel like walking."
Gumball and Darwin walk as scene transitions.
Sidewalk.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "It wasn't that far."
Camera zooms out to show that Gumball and Darwin's legs have been burnt off by walking.
Gumball says: "Oh, wow."
Gumball says: ""Buy one, get one free on two-sided tape."
Gumball says: "" That's like four-sided tape."
Darwin says: "No,  look!"
Darwin says: "Half price on double chip cookies!"
Darwin says: "That's like quadruple chocolate!"
Darwin runs off.
Gumball says: "Hey, wait!"
Store.
Darwin says: "Hmm, where are the cookies?"
Darwin says: "HEY!"
Larry says: ""Hey" yourself, young man."
Larry says: "I know I'm just a clerk here, but that is not a way to speak to people."
Larry says: "Oh, I see."
Larry says: "Now I'm getting attitude."
Larry says: "You know there's a policy here for disrespectful customers."
Darwin says: "It's not..."
Darwin says: "MY fault."
Larry says: "Oh-ho-ho."
Larry says: "So now it's my fault."
Larry says: "You refrigerate yourself, mister."
Larry says: "All right, that's it."
Larry says: "Security, we've got a code orange at aisle thirteen."
Darwin says: "No, please, it's not my fault."
Gumball approaches.
Gumball says: "Dude, what's going on?"
Darwin says: "I can't control the  And now Larry's angry at me."
Gumball says: "Ah, don't worry."
Gumball says: "I'll take care of this."
Security guard approaches.
Guard says: "Sir, I'm gonna need you to calm down."
Gumball says: "WE ARE CALM!"
Gumball covers his mouth.
Guard says: "Don't force me to use force!"
Guard says: "You need to take it down a notch!"
Gumball says: "I CAN'T!"
Guard says: "Fine!"
Guard says: "Then you asked for this!"
Guard says: "Actually, I'm not allowed to do anything but ask you to leave the premises peacefully."
Car Park.
Gumball kicks debris until he gets sprayed by a soda can. Darwin drops to his knees, crying.
Gumball says: "Maybe I'll just call Dad for a ride home."
Gumball runs off and comes back onto the scene.
Darwin says: "So?"
Gumball says: "He didn't understand a word I said and told me he doesn't speak fax machine."
Gumball says: "Well, that didn't work."
Patrick approaches in his car, with Penny in the backseat.
Penny says: "Gumball, where have you been?"
Penny says: "Why didn't you call me?"
Gumball says: "Penny, it's my voice."
Gumball says: "It's broke."
Penny's window rolls up.
Patrick says: "Watterson, are you giving my daughter some kind of weird silent treatment?"
Patrick says: "Because if you are, I have a very specific set of skills."
Gumball sighs, opens the door, rolls the windows up and closes the door.
Gumball says: "I think we need a doctor."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Oh, hold up."
Darwin punches himself.
Darwin says: "I think we need a doctor."
Gumball says: "That's what I said!"
The Doctor.
Gumball says: "And sometimes it's perfectly fine."
Gumball says: "But the next thing you know, it's  all over the place."
Doctor chuckles.
Darwin says: "Are you making fun of us because our voices are broke?"
Doctor continues to chuckle and a tear rolls down from his eye.
Doctor says: "Your voices are not broken, they're breaking."
Doctor says: "It means you're growing up."
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
Doctor says: "Did you really think you would stay kids forever?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, kinda."
Doctor chuckles again.
Gumball says: "Isn't there something you can do?"
Doctor says: "Hmm, no."
Doctor says: "Only a small percentage of the world doesn't age - mostly people on TV."
Gumball and Darwin sigh sadly.
Doctor says: "Oh come on."
Doctor says: "Growing up isn't that bad."
Doctor says: "Soon you'll be strong and handsome, like your dad."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other, their faces change to resemble Richard's and they gasp like him.
Darwin says: "Come on."
Darwin says: "What's the best thing to do when you know your childhood days are numbered?"
Gumball says: "Lie down on the ground and go like this?"
Gumball sits and starts to weep.
Darwin says: "No, dude."
Darwin says: "You make the most of it."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Gumball says: "Mall."
Darwin says: "Mall."
Gumball says: "The people think we're thugs, so they give the cops a call."
Larry says: "Police?"
Gumball says: "Public space."
Darwin says: "Public space."
Gumball says: "Just standing in one place."
Darwin says: "Just standing in one place."
Gumball says: "Stupid tie!"
Darwin says: "Stupid tie!"
Gumball says: "I still look fly!"
Darwin says: "I still look fly!"
Louie says: "It looks like you got a leg transplant from a wiener dog."
Gumball says: "And when I don't have a comeback I can always cry."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Gumball says: "I'm allowed to eat candy, it's okay to be chubby."
Gumball says: "It's called baby fat, that's how my momma likes me."
Gumball says: "And I don't need to worry about the calories I ate 'cuz I'm just a kid with a crazy metabolic rate."
Gumball says: "Too far."
Darwin says: "Don't you ever worry about the cavities in your teeth?"
Gumball says: "Who cares if these fall out?"
Gumball says: "I've got new ones underneath!"
Darwin says: "I'm getting tonnes of loot, 'cuz I look so cute."
Darwin says: "Where are these presents from?"
Darwin says: "It just doesn't compute."
Gumball says: "We don't have to worry about makin' ends meet."
Gumball says: "That we like to eat."
Darwin says: "That we like to eat."
Gumball says: "'Cuz when you're still a kid, everything is magic."
Gumball says: "Life can get pretty tragic."
Darwin says: "Life can get pretty tragic."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we can."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we're kids."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it."
Gumball says: "Jobs."
Darwin says: "Jobs."
Gumball says: "Just like slobs."
Darwin says: "Just like slobs."
Gumball says: "We don't freak out about resumes or skills."
Darwin says: "We don't freak out about resumes or skills."
Gumball says: "'Cuz we don't have either, we got no bills."
Darwin says: "'Cuz we don't have either, we got no bills."
Gumball says: "We got all the time that we wanna kill."
Darwin says: "We got all the time that we wanna kill."
Newspaper Employee says: "What time is it?"
Gumball says: "It's time to chill!"
Darwin says: "It's time to chill!"
Hank says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Gumball says: "Just enjoying not having a job."
Hank says: "Well, you can't stay here!"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Because the sight of our freedom hurts your adult feelings?"
Hank says: "No, kid!"
A truck horn blares; they get covered in rubble.
Gumball says: "When you're still a kid, being sick is cool."
Gumball says: "Mom gives you hugs, and you don't have to go to school."
Gumball says: "Stay at home, watch TV, all day slackin' off."
Gumball says: "If someone checks on you, just give 'em a little cough."
Richard says: "Are you alright?"
Gumball coughs.
Richard says: "Aww!"
Richard hugs Gumball, as he gives a demonic glare at the viewer.
Gumball says: "It's not my fault if I behave like a dummy."
Gumball says: "I do a lot of stupid things 'cuz I find it funny."
Gumball says: "We don't need an excuse, 'cuz we got imagination."
Darwin says: "We don't need an excuse, 'cuz we got imagination."
Gumball says: "We're using it right now to escape the situation."
Darwin says: "We're using it right now to escape the situation."
Gumball says: "Because when you're a kid, you dream of many things."
Darwin says: "Because when you're a kid, you dream of many things."
Gumball says: "Like being a Ninja Dentist, or a Wizard Cop with wings."
Darwin says: "Like being a Ninja Dentist, or a Wizard Cop with wings."
Gumball says: "We could fight a shark-bear-gator with a sword made of swords!"
Darwin says: "We could fight a shark-bear-gator with a sword made of swords!"
Gumball says: "Be the best at everything and win awesomeness awards."
Darwin says: "Be the best at everything and win awesomeness awards."
Gumball says: "See an underwater castle and a seahorse made of crystal."
Darwin says: "See an underwater castle and a seahorse made of crystal."
Gumball says: "Saving mermaids from sharkpeople using golden laser pistols."
Darwin says: "Saving mermaids from sharkpeople using golden laser pistols."
Gumball says: "Plunder the universe in our pirate spaceship."
Darwin says: "Plunder the universe in our pirate spaceship."
Gumball says: "Go back in time to teach cavemen how to kick-flip."
Darwin says: "Go back in time to teach cavemen how to kick-flip."
Gumball says: "Don't need to worry about our future plans or college."
Darwin says: "Don't need to worry about our future plans or college."
Gumball says: "Super powers, robot arms, that's a substitute for knowledge."
Darwin says: "Super powers, robot arms, that's a substitute for knowledge."
Gumball says: "It's okay for me to dream that I'm a cowboy from the west!"
Darwin says: "And for me to keep hopin' that there's still a chance to grow a ​​​ chest!"
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while we ​​ it!"
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while we ​​ it!"
Gumball says: "Come on, let's try it again."
Gumball says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it!"
Darwin says: "We enjoy it while there's still time to make the most of it!"
Billy says: "Mother, what are those two short men doing?"
Felicity says: "I believe they're pretending to still be young and cool, dear."
Gumball and Darwin are upset by the reaction of the two.
A New Start.
Gumball is kicking trash until he kicks a ball that bounces back and hits his face; he cries.
Darwin says: "It's over, dude."
Darwin says: "If my voice went any lower, it would be on the ground!"
Darwin says: "We're not kids anymore!"
Gumball says: "Maybe it's for the better, no one wants to stay a child forever."
Darwin says: "Remember the wonderful times we've had, those happy thoughts now make me sad."
Gumball says: "They say it's not bad, it's just a new start."
Darwin says: "They say it's not bad, it's just a new start."
Gumball says: "So why do I have this pain in my heart?"
Darwin says: "So why do I have this pain in my heart?"
Gumball says: "Our childhood memories are getting hazy."
Darwin says: "Our childhood memories are getting hazy."
Gumball says: "But soon, we can drive, go to college, and we both go crazy!"
Darwin says: "But soon, we can drive, go to college, and we both go crazy!"
Gumball and Darwin's voices get squeaky.
Kids Again.
Gumball and Darwin are surprised by their voices and cover their mouths.
Gumball says: "Dude, what's goin' on?"
Gumball says: "I sound even younger than before."
Darwin says: "That's it!"
Darwin says: "That means we're in the one percent of people who never grow old."
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "We'll be kids forever!"
Darwin says: "We got what we wanted!"
Gumball says: "We're stuck in these bodies for the rest of our lives!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh happily but then the happiness fades.
Gumball says: "Yay..."
Darwin says: "Yay..."
Episode ends.