Going to the Presentation.
Patrick, wearing a tie and holding a briefcase, walks out of his house to his car. Penny stops in the doorway.
Penny says: "Good luck with the presentation, Dad."
In his car, Patrick is struggling to fix his tie.
Patrick says: "Ugh, stupid tie."
Patrick says: "Where's it supposed to go?"
Patrick says: "I don't even have a neck."
Patrick says: "Ugh."
Patrick says: "What are you doing here?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Gumball says: "Shhhh, there there now, Mr."
Gumball says: "Fitzgerald,  or should I say Dad?"
Patrick says: "No, you shouldn't."
Gumball says: "Now, I know you don't think of me as good son-in-law material, and that's why I'm here - to prove that I'm worthy of your daughter."
Gumball says: "Come on, challenge me."
Gumball says: "CHALLENGE ME, PATRICK!"
Patrick says: "I don't have time for this today."
Patrick says: "I've got a very important meeting in ten minutes, so I hope you'll understand."
Gumball says: "Understand what?"
Patrick throws Gumball out of the car into the trashcan and speeds away. Gumball looks on.
In the Parking Lot.
In his car, Patrick takes a deep breath, exhales, and adjusts his rear-view mirror. He sees Gumball in the backseat, smiling goofily. Patrick screams, grabs him, and throws him out of the car. He pants nervously while looking around, then sees Gumball in the seat next to him, still smiling goofily. He screams, throws him out, and pants nervously again, looking around. He looks down to see Gumball between his legs.
Gumball says: "Are you testing my perseverance?"
Patrick screams, then stops.
Patrick says: "Actually, you know what?"
Patrick says: "What the-- How?"
Gumball says: "You lock cars to stop people from getting in, not getting out."
Patrick says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "And it's a criminal offense to leave a child unaccompanied in a vehicle."
Patrick says: "Ha, I think that's pretty low down on the cops' list of priorities."
A siren sounds. The Doughnut Sheriff, the Coffee Cop, and the Hamburger Cop confront Patrick.
Donut Sheriff says: "Were you about to leave a minor unaccompanied in a vehicle?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Patrick sighs, annoyed.
Patrick says: "No, he's, just, going home."
Donut Sheriff says: "Unaccompanied?"
Patrick looks at Gumball, then his watch. He sighs again.
At Chanax. Inc.
Patrick walks to the office. Gumball follows.
Patrick says: "What do you want?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Gumball says: "The chance to prove that I'm the right man for your daughter!"
Gumball says: "And if you won't test me, then I'll test myself!"
Gumball says: "Like, uh, my love for Penny is as strong as my arms."
Gumball says: "Oh, wait, Patrick, hold on!"
Patrick says: "Hi."
Patrick says: "I have a ten o'clock with the CEO."
Karen says: "Okay."
Karen says: "And, uh, who is this?"
She points to Gumball, who's behind him contorting his body.
Patrick says: "Oh."
Patrick says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Proving my flexibility, because you know what happens when you're not flexible in a relationship?"
Gumball says: "It breaks."
Karen says: "Sir?"
Patrick says: "Aha yes!"
Patrick says: "He's my..."
Patrick says: "uh..."
Patrick says: "apprentice."
Patrick says: "He follows me everywhere quietly and never does anything embarrassing."
Gumball winks at him.
Karen says: "Okay, well, he needs to sign in, too."
Gumball walks up, extends his arms, and signs in with his butt. Karen gives him a shocked expression and he winks at her.
Operation Peanut Butter.
Patrick sits on a bench with his head in his hands. Gumball sits next to him, determined.
Gumball says: "And so the apprenticeship begins, learning from the man himself!"
Patrick says: "I think I'm gonna be sick."
He walks away with his briefcase to the restroom.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Pssh, Operation Peanut Butter is a success."
Patrick says: "Could you please, just, stop saying that?"
Gumball says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Gumball says: "Would you like me to keep the door open to ensure your safety?"
Patrick says: "No!"
Patrick says: "..."
Patrick says: "Actually, maybe you could just, run some water."
In the Elevator.
Patrick and Gumball are now in the elevator.
Gumball says: "It's my genes, isn't it?"
Patrick says: "What now?"
Gumball says: "You're worried that my DNA isn't good enough for your grandchildren."
Patrick says: "What are you talkin' about?"
A DNA helix with Gumball's head appears beside him.
Gumball's DNA says: "crawl."
Gumball's DNA says: "Whether you're a bat, a rat, or a cat."
Patrick says: "Okay, I admit, I am worried about your father's genes."
Patrick says: "I heard he ended up in the hospital last week 'cause he wanted to know what lightning tasted like."
Patrick says: "But you can't do anything about your DNA."
Gumball says: "How about a new voice?"
Gumball says: "Oh - wait a sec..."
He plucks another nucleobase and his tail grows an eye. Patrick begins to freak out. Gumball plucks another and becomes a frill-necked hissing creature. He plucks another and his tongue becomes giant and furry. Patrick screams.
Cut to outside of the elevator. Lenny stands outside waiting for it to open. It does, showing Patrick and Gumball, who is now an assortment of creatures. Lenny is shocked as the creatures' tongues and arms begin to rub on him.
Lenny says: "I'll..."
Lenny says: "uh..."
Patrick says: "Take the next one?"
Lenny says: "No, I was gonna say I'm gonna wear my eyes the other way around and bleach my brain."
Patrick says: "Okay."
The creatures retract their tongues and arms as the elevator door closes. Patrick screams, muffled, as the elevator reaches the ninty-ninth floor. The door opens and Patrick and Gumball smile nervously. They walk to the desk of the CEO, who is the goblin.
The Meeting.
Goblin says: "..."
Goblin says: "'Mornin'."
Patrick says: "Good morning, sir."
Patrick says: "I have an exciting development opportunity for your company."
Gumball picks up the blueprint, showing it to the goblin, whispering "Ooh", then shows the blank paper to the goblin, whispering "Ahh". The goblin laughs.
Goblin says: "He's acting like he's on television, but he's actually in an important business meeting!"
He laughs again as Patrick is shown. Gumball has disappeared.
Patrick says: "Um, maybe I should just cut to the chase."
Multiple spotlights move back and forth. Gumball is controlling the light switches while making dramatic noises. The goblin laughs again.
Goblin says: "He's trying to help, but he's making you look like a foo-hoo-hool!"
Patrick says: "I would like to present to you the new-  The new Elmore Hospital."
Gumball says: "Hospital, hospital, hospital..."
The goblin laughs again.
Patrick says: "Sorry for wasting your time, sir."
Patrick says: "You made me look like a complete goober!"
The goblin's laughter dies down. He has tears in his eyes, which he wipes away.
Goblin says: "Do you play golf, Mr."
Goblin says: "Fitzgerald?"
Patrick stops walking.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
The goblin laughs again.
Goblin says: "It's like the briefcase itself is talking!"
Goblin says: "Please bring your little apprentice to the green this afternoon, he amuses me, I haven't laughed like this since my last bailout."
Gumball says: "And if we win, we get the contract?"
The Goblin laughs again.
Goblin says: "Sure, why not?"
Goblin says: "A million-dollar business decision based on a game of golf!"
He laughs once more for a second then suddenly stops, becoming serious again. Patrick backs into the elevator and presses the button repeatedly while smiling nervously at the goblin.
Getting Ready.
At the supermarket, Gumball and Patrick ride in a golf cart. Gumbagl is driving.
Patrick says: "How are we gonna win this?"
Patrick says: "I don't know anything about golf."
Gumball says: "That's what I'm here for."
Patrick says: "Kid, you're driving a golf cart through the supermarket."
Gumball says: "Oh, I never pretended I knew anything about golf."
Patrick says: "Yeah, okay, okay, I get it."
Patrick says: "Just please don't mess this up."
Gumball says: "So it is a trial!"
Patrick says: "Yes."
Patrick says: "If we win this game and keep the client happy and get the contract then maybe I'll begin to trust you."
Gumball says: "Can I push you to a probably?"
Patrick says: "It's becoming a possibly."
Gumball says: "Then I'll take the maybe."
They crash through the glass doors.
The Game.
Dissolve to the golf course.
Gumball says: "ABSOLUTELY GREAT, OH MY GOSH, THAT WENT EVERYWHERE!"
The goblin laughs.
Goblin says: "He switched commentators voices at the worst moment, causing you to completely ruin your swing!"
Patrick giggles awkwardly, then turns to Gumball and growls.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, I got this."
Near a body of water, Gumball stealthily retrieves an egg and sets it down on the grass next to the flag. It cracks and falls over. Gumball looks to see two ducks charging toward him, screams, and runs away.
Goblin says: "Oh, go on, Fitzgerald, I'm having so much fun I'll let you have a second shot."
Patrick says: "Thank you, sir."
Patrick says: "Watch out!"
Patrick says: "Don't go to your left!"
Gumball says: "What??"
Gumball says: "The ball's on the left??"
Patrick says: "No!"
Patrick says: "Don't go to the left!"
Gumball says: "I am on the left!"
Patrick says: "Go to your left!"
The goblin laughs.
Goblin says: "He's gonna get hit by the ball as a consequence of his misunderstanding."
Goblin says: "And it made a coconut sound!"
Gumball regains consciousness in his mind, seeing double.
Patrick says: "Gumball."
Patrick says: "Kid..."
Patrick says: "kid, are you okay?"
Gumball groans.
Gumball says: "Can you hear all that cheese?"
Left Patrick says: "What?"
Left Patrick says: "Pull yourself together."
Right Patrick says: "The ball bounced off your head and landed straight in the hole."
Left Patrick says: "We're two points up, there's a chance we could win this thing."
Right Patrick's Tongue says: "Are you gonna be okay?"
Gumball groans and slaps himself. The two Patricks become one.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I think I'm better."
Patrick's Four Feet says: "So I can count on you?"
Gumball says: "Absolutely."
His thumb detaches and dances to old music before shooting into the air like a firework. Gumball smiles awkwardly at Patrick.
Time lapse. The goblin swings and hits the ball. It almost goes into the hole, but Gumball blows it back. Gumball giggles nervously. The goblin glares at Gumball, who smiles funnily. Patrick winks at him.
Time lapse. The Goblin swings and hits the ball again. Gumball, sitting on a branch, hits it with a racket, which shakes. Gumball and everything else shakes to a high-pitched whine before everything shatters.
Time lapse. In slow motion, the goblin swings at the golf ball. Gumball hallucinates, seeing it as a color-changing circle. The goblin hits it, causing a dark psychedelic sequence. Zoom out of Gumball's eye to reveal that he's still out of it.
Patrick says: "Gumball."
Patrick says: "Gumball!"
Patrick says: "Are you with me?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Yes, of course."
Patrick says: "Are you sure?"
Patrick says: "Because my sausage melted when the grand vizier cracked that artichoke."
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Patrick says: "Do you need me to repeat?"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Patrick says: "We're one point away from winning."
Patrick says: "Make sure this ball goes in the hole."
Gumball runs to the flag and sees a vacuum on a branch. Zoom out to reveal that the tree is full of vacuums.
Gumball says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "Well, that's..."
Gumball says: "convenient."
Gumball sticks the suction tube into the hole and turns the vacuum on. He gives Patrick a thumbs-up. A squirrel gets sucked into another golf hole. Patrick chuckles.
Voice says: "Mr."
Voice says: "Fitzgerald must lose."
Gumball says: "What?"
The camera pans to the right. A magic frog is talking.
Magic frog says: "The contract will not be used for a hospital, it will be used to build a new highway going straight to Elmore."
Magic frog says: "It will be our doom."
Gumball says: "How do you know all this stuff, magic frog?"
Magic frog says: "The clue's in my name."
Gumball says: "Frog?"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah, magic."
The frog shushes and slaps him.
Magic frog says: "Make your choice."
Magic frog says: "This is your trial."
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Fitzgerald, stop, stop!"
Gumball says: "He's not going to use your firm to build a new hospital, he's gonna use you to build a freeway right through the middle of Elmore!"
Patrick says: "What?"
Patrick says: "How do you know?"
Gumball says: "The magic frog told me."
Patrick says: "Enough!"
Patrick says: "If you mess this up, I will never forgive you."
Patrick swings and, with the vacuum still running, the ball is sucked into the golf hole. Gumball reverses the air flow and the ball is sent flying back to its tee.
Patrick says: "What have you done?!"
Patrick says: "!"
Goblin says: "NOOOO!"
Goblin says: "You may win now, but I will have my revenge!"
The goblin deflates, and a larva with a jetpack crawls out of his limp body. It flies off, leaving only a trail of smoke behind. Patrick turns to Gumball, frowning.
The "Happy" Ending.
Patrick says: "You lost that game deliberately—"
Patrick says: "—"
Patrick says: "knowing you'd lose my trust forever."
Patrick says: "And all for the greater good of Elmore?"
Patrick says: "There couldn't be a more worthy person to become my son-in-law!"
Patrick says: "Come here!"
Fireworks go off as they hug.
The Real Ending.
Back in reality, the scene cuts to Gumball lying on the ground with a bump on his head, his face twisted in pain. In the background, ambulance sirens are sounding while the goblin laughs.
Goblin says: "He got knocked out by the ball and while unconscious he tripped a whole happy ending that barely made any sense!"
Goblin says: "But none of that ever happened and you lost both the game and the hospital contract - and it was all his fault!"
The goblin laughs again as the paramedics place Gumball on a stretcher. Episode ends.