Selective Hearing.
The episode begins with Richard asleep on the living room sofa, wearing just  a robe and underwear. He bolts upright when his ear picks up on something in the distance.
Richard says: "Huh-what?"
Not bothering to use the front door, or even change his clothes, he bursts through the wall at an incredible speed. Crashing through fences and houses alike, a trail of destruction is left in his wake. When he reaches the freeway, a speed camera clocks him at two hundred miles per hour. Up ahead, there is a sizable gap in the incomplete road, which he fails to clear.
Richard says: "Aaaah!"
He plummets into the canyon below and lands with a heavy thump. Proving little more than a minor inconvenience, Richard rockets back up the sheer cliff face. Meanwhile, Gumball and Darwin are relaxing by the fountain at the Elmore Mall.
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's a secret, apparently."
They hear a rumbling sound, and Richard zooms across the screen on his stomach, grabbing Gumball in the process.
Richard says: "What did you just say?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball points at something behind his father, and screams. Richard and Darwin look, and they all dive into the fountain together, narrowly avoiding the random debris caught in the suction of the slipstream.
Richard says: "Son!"
Richard says: "What did you just say?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "I said..."
Richard says: "Before that!"
Gumball says: "There's an urban legend about a secret menu at Joyful Burger!"
Richard puts his son down, dusts him off, then sits on the edge of the fountain.
Richard says: "You have my attention."
Gumball says: "The most secret item on it, is a burger."
Gumball says: "It is said that the burger does not exist until someone speaks its name."
Gumball says: "It must be summoned..."
Gumball says: "from from the other side."
Darwin says: "Wait, isn't that how you order food anyway?"
Gumball says: "You don't get it, dude."
Gumball says: "Apparently this burger is so hardcore, it qualifies as breakfast, lunch, and dinner."
Gumball says: "For seven people, for seven years."
Gumball says: "And they say that if you eat it in fifteen minutes, they'll pay."
Darwin says: "Pay for the burger?"
Gumball says: "No, your hospital fees."
Richard says: "This is the burger that I've been searching for all my life."
Richard says: "My Atlantis, my Montezuma's gold, my Moby Dick..."
Richard says: "Except not literally, as I already ate a white whale."
Gumball says: "There's only one problem, Dad."
Gumball says: "You can't order it without knowing its name."
Special Sauce.
Richard, Gumball, and Darwin, are in their car. Grinning, Richard pulls up to the Joyful Burger drive-thru.
Larry says: "Welcome to Joyful Burger."
Larry says: "Can I take your order?"
Richard says: "burger, please."
Larry says: "Uh, could you repeat your order, sir?"
Richard says: "burger, please."
Larry says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Richard says: "Listen, little man!"
Larry says: "I'm sorry, sir, but that's not an intercom."
Larry says: "Can I take your order, please?"
Richard looks surprised, then moves ahead to the open window where Larry is waiting.
Richard says: "One khhppt burger."
Larry says: "Uh, for real?"
Richard says: "Was I not clear enough?"
Larry says: "Uh, have it your way, sir."
Richard snickers again, but his smile turns to shock when Larry grabs the hamburger, removes the top bun, and spits, before handing it over.
Richard says: "Mm."
He decides to eat the hamburger anyway, but Gumball snatches it, tossing it out the car window.
Gumball says: "He meant the secret burger!"
Larry says: "I see."
Larry says: "And what is the name of the aforementioned secret burger?"
The car is now parked out front, with Richard and his sons taking their business inside.
Gumball says: "Ah, I got it."
Gumball says: "It's called the Vein Thickener!"
Gumball says: "The Deep Fried Thrombosis?"
Gumball says: "The Meat Your Maker?"
Gumball says: "The Heartbreaker?"
Gumball says: "The Bundertaker!"
Gumball says: "The Commander In Beef!"
Gumball says: "The Bowel Buster!"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "More mysterious maybe..."
Gumball says: "The Illumi-patty?"
Gumball says: "The Area Beefty-One?"
Gumball says: "The Bilderburger!"
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Gumball says: "You know what we're talking about!"
Larry says: "Maybe."
Larry says: "But I can't serve you something you don't even know the name of."
Darwin says: "There's only so many names it could be."
Darwin says: "We just need to figure out which one."
Gumball says: "You mean figure out sand-which one."
Darwin says: "Dude, stop with the puns."
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "I've fallen down the pun hole!"
Gumball says: "I've gone so deep I'm pundergound!"
Gumball says: "What a punfortunate turn of events."
Gumball says: "I've pundermined any respect you had for me!"
Gumball says: "I don't punderstand why I—"
Fed up, Darwin smacks him across the face.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Dude, I know it was annoying, but it didn't warrant a punch."
Darwin hits him again, knocking Gumball to the floor.
Gumball says: "Oww!"
Gumball says: "That wasn't even a pun!"
Gumball says: "That's just what that word is!"
Sidetrack to Success.
The three are back outside the restaurant.
Richard says: "So, the plan is, you guys get hired at Joyful Burger."
Gumball says: "Why don't you get hired?"
Richard says: "I can't."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "Because of my medical condition?"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Richard says: "Well, I get this allergic reaction to effort."
Gumball says: "Being lazy is not a disease, Dad."
Richard says: "No, it's true!"
Richard says: "I really have a—"
Richard says: "Oh, I can't be bothered to finish that sentence."
Richard says: "I'll give you twenty bucks if you do it."
Gumball says: "Wow, you've reached a whole new level of laziness."
Gumball says: "You've invented the reverse job."
Gumball says: "But okay."
Gumball says: "So what?"
Gumball says: "We get hired, and then we look for the name of the secret burger?"
Richard says: "They won't just tell anyone."
Richard says: "They'll need to trust you."
Richard says: "So first, you have to be the best employees ever."
Gumball and Darwin wink at one another, and begin their new career by mopping floors. Impressed by their performance, Larry moves them to the griddle, where they continue to excel.
Gumball turn the burger meat over using a spatula.
Larry says: "I don't know what that secret ingredient is, but the customers just love your burgers!"
Darwin says: "The secret ingredient is love."
Out in the parking lot, a group of people cheer as Gumball cuts a red ribbon with scissors.
Goblin says: "Great job!"
Goblin says: "The board wants you two as managers."
Goblin says: "There's only one problem, you need to halve our labor costs."
The brothers give a thumbs-up, exhibiting toothy grins.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Doing as requested, they bisect Larry's paycheck, uniform, and even his office. A ceremony is held again, this time with a larger ribbon and scissors.
Goblin says: "Great job!"
Goblin says: "The board wants you as senior members."
Goblin says: "There's only one problem, you need to double production."
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
At the meat processing plant with Clipboard Man, they observe various bovine abominations passing by on a conveyor belt.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
At yet another ceremony, Gumball struggles to lift the massive scissors up to an even bigger ribbon.
Goblin says: "Great job!"
Goblin says: "The board wants you as our new CEOs."
Goblin says: "There's only one problem, you still have hearts."
A surgical scar can be seen on Gumball's chest as he buttons his dress shirt.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
The news channel comes on, with Kip Schlezinger giving a special report.
Kip Schlezinger says: "And in other news, business moguls Gumball and Darwin Watterson have sold their Joyful Burger shares for a whopping four point six billion dollars."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Our reporter has an exclusive interview from their lavish new mansion."
Mike says: "So, how do you feel about your success?"
Darwin says: "It's cool."
Darwin says: "I mean, I like the big house, but it's kinda hard to communicate with each other."
Darwin's echo says: "Gumball, can you pass me the salt please?"
Darwin says: "See, I asked him that last week."
Gumball says: "Oh, one moment."
Gumball gets up and exits his side of the mansion. Boarding a helicopter, he flies to Darwin's helipad, retrieves the salt, then flies back.
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "You were saying?"
Mike says: "What gave you the idea of getting into the fast-food industry in the first place?"
Gumball says: "Well, it all started when my father wanted to try a secret burger, and..."
Gumball and Darwin look to their dad, who is standing off to the side. They go to join him, ashamed.
Gumball says: "We got completely sidetracked."
Hostage Negotiation.
Late at night, Richard and his sons sneak into Joyful Burger. Gumball tries to ambush Larry, who is listlessly sweeping the floor, by placing a bag over his head. However, it is far too small, so him and Darwin attempt to stretch the bag and use it as a blindfold.
Larry says: "Ah!"
Larry says: "Huh?"
After it rips, Richard takes Gumball's tattered piece, ineffectively using it as a club. Larry, despite noticing that something is amiss, somehow remains unaware of their presence.
Larry says: "Huh?"
Larry says: "Wha?"
The three simultaneously pull on the the remaining scrap. It tears, causing Richard to inadvertently strike Larry in the head, rendering him unconscious. They give themselves a thumbs-up. When Larry comes around, he finds himself tied to a chair in the restaurant's dimly lit kitchen.
Gruff voice says: "Tell us the name of the secret burger."
Larry says: "Uh, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but there's no point disguising your voice if you're not wearing any masks."
Gumball says: "Dad, is the deep-fryer on?"
Larry says: "You can do whatever you like, but I'll never talk!"
Gumball says: "Oh, we know there's nothing we can do to you to make you talk."
Gumball says: "That's why we brought him."
Richard, Gumball, and Darwin step aside, revealing the Joyful Burger mascot.
Larry says: "No!"
Larry says: "Not Burgie!"
Richard and Gumball obscure Larry's view.
Larry says: "What are you doing?!"
Larry says: "!"
Richard shows him the photo of Burgie with a bucket of fried chicken.
Larry says: "No!"
Larry says: "Burgie can't be seen eating our competitor's food!"
Larry says: "Please stop!"
Larry says: "I can't lose this job!"
Larry says: "I only have thirty-seven others!"
Larry is shown a second image of the mascot, this time posed with half-eaten drumsticks and its face covered in grease.
Larry says: "Ah!"
Larry says: "Please!"
Larry says: "Burgie would never betray the brand!"
Gumball manipulates the arm so that it appears to be slapping Darwin. Darwin pretends to scream and shield himself from the blow, as Richard takes the picture.
Larry says: "NOO!"
Larry says: "Burgie is a friend to all the children!"
The mascot is now holding a chicken foot over an electric blender, but Larry does not react.
Gumball says: "Hm?"
Larry says: "What?"
Larry says: "That's just how nuggets are made."
Larry says: "Everyone knows that."
Richard says: "All right."
Richard says: "You asked for it."
Larry says: "No, no!"
Larry says: "You can't eat Burgie's fingers!"
Richard says: "I was wrong."
Larry says: "Okay, okay, stop!"
Larry says: "I'll tell you!"
Larry says: "There is a secret burger, but to be deemed worthy enough to know its name, first you have to eat a burger from every Joyful Burger in Elmore."
Richard says: "Done!"
Larry says: "In one hour!"
How Many Burgers Can Richard Eat in One Hour?
Speeding around in their car, Richard, Gumball, and Darwin, begin the citywide fast-food frenzy. For every location they hit, Gumball crosses it off on a map. At the sixth stop, Richard is feeling the effects of his caloric overdose. Returning to the vehicle, burger in hand, he starts heaving.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "What's going on with your face?!"
Gumball says: "!"
A thick yellow substance oozes from his pores.
Richard says: "I think it's sward."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Richard says: "Sweat made out of lard."
Gumball and Darwin gag. Upon leaving the next Joyful Burger, one of Richard's buttons pops from his shirt, destroying the entire floor of an office tower in the distance. Nevertheless, the race continues until their fourteenth stop, when Richard's ever-increasing girth prevents him from climbing back into the car.
Darwin says: "You won't fit!"
Richard says: "I've got this."
Gumball says: "Ohh, what is that now?"
Richard says: "Sweeze."
Gumball says: "Okay, but please don't tell us what that—"
Richard says: "Sward made out of cheese."
Gumball and Darwin retch again.
Richard says: "It will lubricate my body."
Richard says: "Now, push!"
The brothers strain themselves to get their father into the driver's seat.
Gumball says: "Did you really have to supersize that last meal?"
Richard says: "I'm sorry!"
Richard says: "It was just really good value."
No sooner does Richard fasten his seatbelt, when all four tires burst in succession.
Gumball says: "Darn it."
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to run."
Richard says: "NOO!"
Darwin says: "It's okay, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "That's the beauty of corporate mega-chains destroying our neighborhoods."
Darwin says: "There's always another one right across the street."
Richard says: "Like I said..."
Richard says: "NOO!"
The three of them on foot, five locations still to go, Gumball and Darwin are aiding Richard by bearing some of his excess flab.
Gumball says: "I think I smell burning."
Darwin says: "That's good."
Darwin says: "He's burning calories."
Richard says: "No, it's just my thighs rubbing together."
Inside the latest Joyful Burger, Richard is downing a boxed kid's meal, toy included.
Gumball says: "W-w-wait!"
Gumball says: "You can't eat that!"
Richard says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "Huh, what do you know."
Gumball says: "There's more nutritional value in the toy than the food."
Reaching their final destination, the now morbidly obese Richard is trudging toward the entrance. His vision blurs, and the voices of his sons are in slow-motion.
Gumball says: "Come on, Dad!"
Darwin says: "Come on, Dad!"
Gumball says: "You're almost there!"
Darwin says: "You're almost there!"
Gumball says: "You just gotta make it to the counter!"
Darwin says: "You just gotta make it to the counter!"
Richard enters the establishment, falling onto his stomach.
Gumball says: "Come on, you can make it!"
Darwin says: "Come on, you can make it!"
He slowly crawls forward, then stops and grabs at his chest.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "What's wrong?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "My heart!"
Gumball presses his ear against Richard, zooming in to show Richard's heart beating itself in its chest, before zooming out.
Gumball says: "Nah, it's cool."
Gumball says: "It's still beating."
After managing to pull himself up to the counter, Richard places the completed map in front of Larry.
Larry says: "Sir, you've earned this."
Larry says: "I give you..."
Larry says: "The M'Guffin."
Richard gasps as the carton opens like a treasure chest, revealing a glowing, triple-stacked burger inside.
Richard says: "It's like it's made of light!"
Gumball says: "No, that's a regular burger, just grosser than usual."
Sighing in satisfaction, Richard attempts to consume his prize, but is unable due to there being absolutely no room left in his stomach.
The episode ends.