The Butterfly Effect.
Episode starts with the close up of something through a microscope.
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Is it a leaf?"
Gumball says: "Nooo."
Darwin says: "Is it a really small sandwich?"
Gumball says: "Nooo!"
Darwin says: "It looks like a yellow eye, but closed."
Banana Joe says: "Nah!"
Banana Joe says: "It's my butt!"
Gumball and Joe laugh while Darwin screams.
Darwin says: "It's imprinted on my eyes!"
Darwin says: "Everything is ruined!"
Looks at Leslie, whose face is now a butt.
Darwin says: "Nature is ruined!"
Looks at wedding couple whose faces are now butts.
Darwin says: "Love is ruined!"
Looks at a cropped image of The Creation of Adam where God and Adam's fingertips are butts.
Darwin says: "Art is ruined!"
Darwin says: "Even Miss Simian is ruined!"
Lucy Simian says: "Everyone pay attention!"
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "she kinda looks better actually."
Lucy Simian says: "What you are looking at is called a chrysalis."
Lucy Simian says: "The caterpillar wraps itself up inside, and emerges as a beautiful butterfly."
Banana Joe says: "Like me."
Banana Joe says: "Ah!"
Gumball and Darwin snicker at him.
Lucy Simian says: "Joseph, we've been here before."
Lucy Simian says: "When is it appropriate to take your skin off?"
Banana Joe says: "Uh… Christmas!"
Lucy Simian says: "Counselor's office."
Banana Joe sighs, and flies away with his peel flaps.
Penny says: "So when it's a butterfly, can we release it from the jar?"
Lucy Simian says: "Are you crazy?"
Lucy Simian says: "Hasn't anyone heard of the butterfly effect?"
Tobias​​​ says: "Oh yeah."
Tobias​​​ says: "It's my chick-magnet dance move."
Penny says: "Oh!"
Penny says: "That works really well with my dance move."
They laugh and dance.
Tobias​​​ says: "Nice, girl!"
Tobias​​​ says: "What's that move called?"
Penny says: "The bug spray."
They stop dancing, and Tobias dances away, sad.
Lucy Simian says: "Enough!"
Lucy Simian says: "The butterfly effect is a theory according to which the smallest thing, such as a butterfly flapping its wings, can create a series of events leading to a catastrophe, such as a tornado."
Darwin says: "Hmmm."
Darwin says: "How does that work?"
Lucy Simian says: "Like this."
She flicks her chalk into the ceiling fan, and it bounces off, hits another chalkboard, bounces off again, and sends a chalk eraser flying. The eraser hits Miss Simian's mug's spoon, and sends some coffee flying to Bobert. Bobert gets electrocuted and shuts down, and when he explodes a nut flies toward the window. The window falls on Tobias' head while he attempts to flirt with Carmen.
Lucy Simian says: "But more complicated."
The bell rings.
Everyone walks out of the room, with Gumball and Darwin following behind. As they pass by Miss Simian's desk, the chrysalis begins moving. They start panicking.
Gumball says: "The baby is coming!"
Gumball says: "Someone call 911!"
Darwin says: "Calm down!"
Darwin says: "We need a towel, and some hot water."
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Gumball says: "I'll be right back."
Gumball says: "AH!"
Darwin says: "Not for you, for him!"
Gumball says: "What would he wanna do with hot water and a towel?"
The butterfly starts emerging.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "He's coming!"
Gumball says: "OKAY!"
Gumball says: "Breathe like this."
Their faces get red; they both faint for a while. The butterfly falls out of its cocoon, and the two get up. They are smitten by it.
Gumball says: "I think he wants to get out."
Darwin says: "But what about the butterfly effect?"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "How can something this cute be responsible for something as bad as a tornado?"
Gumball says: "It's like blaming baby boomers for the stand of the world."
Gumball says: "How can babies going boom ruin the economy?"
Gumball grabs the jar, and sets the butterfly free. It flies out the school's window.
Gumball says: "Ah."
Gumball says: "Isn't nature beautiful?"
Darwin says: "Eugh."
Darwin says: "As much as it can be I guess."
Coffee Break.
In a construction site, Hank brings two coffees to his mustachioed co-worker and friend.
Hank says: "Here you go buddy."
Hank says: "Cream with two sugars, just as sweet as you."
Gray Construction Man says: "Thanks buddy!"
They toast, but their cups shatter.
Gray Construction Man says: "Oh man, I'm sorry!"
Hank says: "No, not at all."
Hank says: "It's my fault."
Hank says: "I just don't realize my own strength sometimes."
Hank says: "Just this morning, I pat my son on the head."
Hank says: "He went straight through the floor."
Gray Construction Man says: "Whoa."
Gray Construction Man says: "Is he okay?"
Hank says: "Yeah, yeah."
Hank says: "He called us from China, he's getting the next flight home."
The butterfly flies around, then lands on Hank's head.
Hank says: "…  GET IT OFF!"
Hank says: "GET IT OFF GET IT OFF!"
Gray Construction Man says: "It's okay, buddy."
Gray Construction Man says: "Don't worry."
Gray Construction Man says: "I'm just gonna push it off."
Gray Construction Man says: "I don't wanna damage its beautiful wings."
He flicks Hank towards a wall, and misses the butterfly.
Gray Construction Man says: "JEEPERS!"
Gray Construction Man says: "I'm sorry man, I-let me help you up."
Hank says: "Don't worry, it's nothing."
He grabs the other man's hand, and accidentally flips him into the wall.
Hank says: "Oh man."
Hank says: "I'm so sorry!"
Hank says: "Hold on."
Once again, he accidentally throws his friend to another wall.
Hank says: "Oh man!"
Hank says: "Here."
Gray Construction Man says: "Nah!"
Gray Construction Man says: "Don't worry, it's just a flesh wound."
Hank says: "Aw, let me get that."
Gray Construction Man says: "Thanks!"
Gray Construction Man says: "SORRY!"
Hank says: "It's nothing!"
His head flies over a plane's wing. He talks to someone in the plane before falling down.
Hank says: "Hi Bobby."
Hank says: "Tell your mother I'll be home late for dinner."
The passengers in the plane scream.
Mr. Robinson's Day.
While driving his car, Mr. Robinson sings, ignoring the honking behind him.
Pantsbully says: "Hey!"
Pantsbully says: "Get off the road."
Pantsbully says: "I've got to get to work, man!"
Gaylord says: "I don't care."
Gaylord says: "I have all the time in the world!"
Gaylord says: "I'm retired."
Gaylord says: "Yodele-hiii!"
Tony jogs along the sidewalk.
Gaylord says: "Yodele-hi-ho!"
He breaks, then passes by Tony, splashing water from the road onto him.
Gaylord says: "Looks like you needed a shower!"
In another scene, Larry slowly drives his car into a parking space. Suddenly, Mr. Robinson drives into the lot. He laughs at Larry as the latter drives away sadly. Mr. Robinson drives away, still singing. He stops by The Hobo.
Gaylord says: "Would you like a ride?"
Hobo says: "Thank you, sir."
He reaches for the door handle, but Mr. Robinson drives forward. The Hobo tries again, but again the car lurches forward. For the third time, this happens, and Mr. Robinson chuckles. Then Mr. Robinson drives slowly away, and the Hobo runs after the door until he hits a pole.
Gaylord says: "Well, at least you got closer to your destination."
Hobo says: "Darn you, Robinson!"
Hobo says: "I hope someday you get what you deserve!"
Hank's head falls from the sky, and knocks Mr. Robinson out. The latter's car crashes.
Hobo says: "I wish I was rich!"
Mr. Robinson's wallet flies to him. He grabs one bill out of it.
Hobo says: "20 dollars?"
Hobo says: "Is that the best you can do-?"
The 20 dollar bill flies away.
A Series of More Unfortunate Events.
As the bill flies away, many citizens try to grab it, and end up knocking each other down. The bill lands near Marvin. Marvin tries to arch down, but his bones crack as he inches closer. He almost loses his balance, and recovers. He does this numerous times until he gives up.
Marvin says: "Ah forget it."
Donut Sheriff says: "Freeze in the name of the law!"
Marvin says: "Wait!"
Marvin says: "What am I being fined for?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Street dancing without a license."
Donut Sheriff says: "That's a 20 dollar fine."
Marvin says: "Just… help yourself."
The sheriff tries to reach for the money, but falls down and rolls down the street. He hits a pole, and one of his shoes flies off. Meanwhile, the Crocodile Woman is seen feeding the pigeons. Then she eats one of them. Rocky passes by with bagel, but is hit by the shoe. He unintentionally leans towards the crocodile woman, with the bagel held toward her. The woman stares.
Rocky says: "Erm."
Rocky says: "Hi."
Alison says: "YES!"
Rocky says: "Mmm."
Rocky says: "Yes what?"
Alison says: "Yes, I will marry you!"
Rocky says: "Wait, I think there's been a misunderstanding."
Alison says: "I've been saving myself all these years for this moment."
Alison says: "All that time spent alone, desperate, loveless."
Alison says: "I was so depressed I couldn't get work."
Alison says: "I lost my house, I was forced to live with my cats in a van by the freeway, feeding off squirrels and rust!"
Alison says: "But it was all worth it."
Alison says: "Just for this moment."
Rocky says: "Well… about that."
Alison says: "What?"
Alison says: "You changed your mind?"
Rocky says: "Uh…uh, uh-YES!"
Rocky says: "Magic disappearance!"
A bus passes by, and Rocky disappears from view.
Alison says: "Kid, I'm on the same side of the road as you."
Alison says: "I saw you hide behind the trash can."
Rocky leaps out, and panics.
Rocky says: "Ninja!"
He throws dust on the ground, and coughs. He topples the trash bins, and leaps over a fenced yard, then gets bitten by dogs.
Rocky says: "My arm!"
Rocky prepares to fight the woman, then stops.
Rocky says: "That's my weak arm."
He lies down in the trash, and wraps himself in a trash bag.
Alison says: "See you in court, you piece of trash."
She dials the Elmore Help Desk with a phone nearby.
Elmore Help Desk.
In an office building, Karen picks up her call.
Karen says: "Good morning, Elmore Help Desk!"
How can I assist you?
Alison says: "I've just been abandoned by my brand new fiancé."
So I can assist you.
But, I never got his name...
The phone rings; Rocky is calling.
Karen says: "Sorry caller, hold the line!"
Good morning, Elmore Help Desk!
How can I be of service?
Rocky says: "A crazy alligator lady wants to be my bride!"
That's making you so nervous?
Rocky says: "87 teeth, and a butt that's five foot wide."
Another phone rings; Marvin is calling.
Karen says: "Sorry caller, hold the line!"
Good morning, Elmore Help Desk!
How can I assist you?
Marvin says: "I'm gonna need a bit of help to get me standing straight."
Or someone else who's missed you?
I'll pick you up at eight.
Yet another phone rings; Mr. Robinson is calling. Karen is growing a bit frantic.
Karen says: "'Morning, Elmore Help Desk!"
How can I assist you?
Gaylord says: "I wanna sue the lousy flying head who made me crash!"
I really must insist you—.
Gaylord says: "Our taxes pay your wages, I'm entitled to be brash!"
Another phone rings; it is Hank. Karen is freaking out at this point.
Karen says: "Yes?!"
Karen says: "!"
Karen says: "Help Desk?!"
Karen says: "!"
What seems to be the crisis?
Hank says: "An accident has left me very widely spread."
Karen says: "Stay calm and wait for help, sir."
That's what my advice is.
Hank says: "I would, but I'm afraid I have an itch upon my head."
Karen says: "Sorry, caller, hold the line!"
She accidentally switches back to Mr. Robinson's line instead of the Crocodile Woman's.
Karen says: "Morning ma'am, I'm back now."
I found your lost fiancé.
Gaylord says: "Who're you calling "ma'am?"
This service is appalling!'.
Karen says: "Sorry, sir, I'm trying!"
There's no need to be nasty!
Karen says: "'Morning, Elmore Help Desk—"
Rocky says: "Stop that crazy gator!"
Alison says: "Again I am a crocodile!"
Alison says: "I'm eccentric, I'm not mad!"
Rocky says: "Oh, boy..."
Hank says: "Can someone scratch me?"
Marvin says: "I think I'll call back later."
Gaylord says: "I'll have your job for this!"
Rocky says: "Wait a sec, is that my dad?"
Karen says: "OK, enough already!"
Says each line as she slams a phone onto its receiver.
To Mr. Robinson You need some manners!
To Rocky And, you need a life!
To Hank You need some standards!
To Marvin And, you need a wife!
To Alison You need a pay-off!
Now, I need a day off!
She throws her desk out the window. It knocks down some garbage bins, and causes some cars to bump into each other.
Tornado.
A car bumps into another trash can, and the can knocks down a line of people, creating a domino effect. The effect spreads through a mall, into the Elmore Stadium, and ends with Hector falling on Sussie's dad. Hector sneezes, and this causes Charlie to be blown into a roundabout. The roundabout spins so fast a tornado begins to form.
Rosie says: "Oh my gosh a tornado!"
Rosie says: "Everyone get outta here!"
The roundabout slows down, and the tornado dissipates.
Rosie says: "Oh, never mind."
Charlie is launched again into the sky. In the Watterson's house, Richard is seen eating while watching the weather news.
Weatherman says: "Well, today at Elmore we'll have highs of 85 degrees, with a light wind coming in from the south, and some scattered clouds."
Charlie lands in the TV, and causes one of the cloud icons on screen to go upside down. From this, a tornado begins to form. While the wind blows Richard away, he tries to drink his soda, and eat his hot dog. Instead, he crushes his can of soda with his eye, and has the hotdog enter his nose. He tries to turn the TV off, but is blown away, with his clothes stripped away, then spun around repeatedly in his couch.
Back to School.
The bell rings, and Miss Simian enters the classroom.
Lucy Simian says: "Okay."
Lucy Simian says: "Break time's over."
Lucy Simian says: "I can't be bothered to take attendance."
Lucy Simian says: "So if you're not here, please raise your hand now."
Nothing happens.
Lucy Simian says: "Good."
Lucy Simian says: "WHERE'S THE BUTTERFLY?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Darwin says: "Miss Simian, we did the only decent thing and set it free."
Lucy Simian says: "You fools!"
Lucy Simian says: "You've unleashed the sheer destructive power of a butterfly on the world!"
Lucy Simian says: "Brace, duck, and cover!"
Gumball says: "Come on, Miss Simian."
Gumball says: "Do you really think a little butterfly could—"
Gumball says: "oh, here he is now."
Gumball says: "Coming back to say hello."
The butterfly lands on his hand.
Gumball says: "He's so cute."
Gumball says: "How can anyone believe that something so tiny can destroy a whole town?"
The butterfly flies away, and a tornado is seen heading for them. The episode ends.