Introducing the Film.
The bedroom. Darwin is seated in front of the unseen camera.
Darwin says: "Hi, my name is azzaz-um..."
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, dude!"
Gumball says: "How hard can this be?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball is now the one seated, facing away from the camera.
Gumball says: "Oh, hi!"
Gumball says: "Augh!"
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Darwin is back in the seat.
Darwin says: "Okay, one, two, three."
Darwin says: "Hi, my name is Marmin Towerson, and this is a film about the thing that, when the people do the..."
Darwin says: "and then, then they do that, and it's about the film where we show who it is.."
Gumball says: "Again, from the top."
Darwin cries.
Cut to Darwin cheering.
Darwin YES! YES! FINALLY! NAILED IT!
Gumball joins Darwin and they hug.
Gumball says: "Wait, is the light supposed to be on, when it's recording or.."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
The Cast.
Exterior of Elmore Junior High.
Gumball says: "This is my school, Elmore Junior High!"
Gumball says: "And this is the story of my life!"
Cut to a shot of the Wattersons, with Gumball holding a piece of cardboard stating the following.
Gumball says: "Starring..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "The Wattersons as..."
Gumball says: "The Wattersons!"
Cut to Tobias waving to Penny, who ignores him. He awkwardly high-fives himself. Gumball holds another piece of cardboard.
Gumball says: "Tobias Wilson as Tobias!"
Cut to Principal Brown at his office desk. He turns around and takes his glasses off to reveal another pair. Gumball holds another cardboard sign.
Gumball says: "Nigel Brown as The Principal."
Cut to Hector. Only his legs are visible, and Gumball holds yet another cardboard sign.
Gumball says: "Hector Jötunheim as Hector."
Cut to Carrie's bedroom. Carrie can't be seen on camera, and Gumball holds another cardboard sign.
Gumball says: "Carrie Krueger as Carrie."
Cut to Gary at the door. Gumball holds one more piece of cardboard.
Gumball says: "This guy..."
Gumball says: "as..."
Gumball says: "this guy!"
Cut to a shot of Carmen, Teri, Alan, Bobert, William, Sarah, Leslie, Clayton, and Tina, behind Gumball, smiling happily.
Gumball says: "And introducing all my other friends in..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "The Amazing World of—"
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "Forget it, who's gonna watch that?"
Gumball walks away from the camera. The students behind the camera have confused or disappointed faces.
Moobus Gelatinous vs. Kickbuttus Hystericus.
Cut to the Wattersons' living room. Richard is asleep on the couch.
​Gumball says: "spending today, as he does everyday, sheltering himself, from responsibility."
Suddenly Richard wakes up and sniffs something in the air.
​Gumball says: "But what's this?"
Nicole enters with groceries.
Gumball says: "It seems a nearby Kickbuttus Hystericus  is returning from a successful hunt."
Richard crawls across the ground and into the kitchen.
Gumball says: "The Moobus, will be keen to scavenge."
Gumball says: "It is essential he evades discovery."
Gumball says: "He knows that despite his size, he's no match for the physical prowess of the elegant Kickbuttus."
Camera zooms in on Richard and Nicole. Nicole is unloading the groceries from the shopping bag onto the counter, while Richard remains hidden behind the counter.
Gumball says: "He's not here for the small pickings, he knows that it may be up to an hour before he is allowed to eat again."
Gumball says: "His timing, must be perfect, so he waits..."
Gumball says: "and he strikes!"
Richard grabs the chicken and escapes. Nicole goes after him.
Gumball The Kickbuttus will give chase.
Nicole says: "Get back here, Richard!"
Nicole catches Richard, and they fight behind the couch.
Gumball says: "Things are looking bad for the Moobus."
Gumball says: "However, nature gave him a silent, but deadly, defense mechanism that triggers itself when he feels threatened."
Nicole quickly gets up from behind the couch.
Nicole says: "Ew, Richard!"
Gumball says: "The Moobus seizes his chance and retreats to his den."
Richard runs on all fours upstairs, with chicken still firmly in his teeth's grasp.
Nicole says: "Richard, come back here!"
Gumball says: "The Kickbuttus defends her territory, but in doing so, commits another mistake."
Suddenly, Anais dashes across the living room. The camera quickly pans over to Anais on the kitchen counter. She has emptied the shopping bag, and is quickly wolfing down sweets, making a mess in the process. Gumball holds up another cardboard saying, "Runtus Decepticus".
Gumball says: "In this ruthless ecosystem, an unguarded kill is quickly claimed by the vultures."
The Screamer.
Cut to a video of Carrie. The video itself is currently in 3-D, but unfocused. It gradually comes into focus as Carrie speaks.
Carrie says: "Okay,  Almost there..."
Carrie says: "almost..."
Carrie grows and growls at the camera very loud. She then returns to normal and laughs.
Ocho's Secret Code.
Camera cuts to school hallway.
Gumball says: "Why are we hiding?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Shhh!"
Darwin says: "Just look at him!"
Camera pans toward the hallway, revealing Ocho next to the vending machine. He looks around before performing a move.
Gumball says: "What is he doing?"
Gumball says: "It looks like he's got worms."
Ocho says: "B, A."
A block appears above Ocho's head. He jumps, making the block dispense a dollar. He inserts the dollar in the vending machine, which dispenses a candy bar.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Ocho then runs off snickering with candy bar in hand.
Gumball says: "Wait up!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna get some too."
Cut to Miss Simian's class.
Lucy Simian says: "You may now start your tests."
Gumball says: "Zoom in!"
Gumball says: "Zoom in!"
Gumball says: "I need to see how he does this!"
Camera zooms in on Ocho.
Ocho says: "B, A!"
Ocho's test flashes, making it automatically finish itself.
Gumball says: "Duuude..."
Gumball says: "he's using cheat codes in real life."
Cut to the school stadium. Principal Brown blows his whistle, and everyone starts running but Ocho.
Gumball says: "I need to learn that code, man!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "He's doing it again!"
Ocho says: "B, A!"
Ocho flashes, making his body turn rainbow and emitting colorful particles, also making him way faster than everyone else that is running. He starts running and in doing so runs past Tobias and Leslie, making them fall back. He outruns Carmen, making her fall off-screen, and keeps running and crashes straight into a concrete wall.
Cut to school playground.
Gumball says: "Alright dude, film this!"
Gumball says: "Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A!"
Darwin says: "What is this cheat for?"
A tank appears and Gumball is appearing in random spots around it, with "glitched pixels" appearing as well.
Gumball says: "D-d-d-d-dude!"
How to Be as Cool as Tobias.
Cut to Tobias at his locker in the hallway.
Tobias​​​ says: "and maybe you'll be a hit with the ladies like me."
Carrie passes by Tobias.
Tobias falls in his locker making a loud noise causing Carrie to look at him.
Cut to Tobias at the gym with weights in front of him.
Tobias​​​ says: "Booyah!"
Tobias​​​ says: "If you wanna get dates.."
Tobias​​​ says: "you gotta pump weights, 'cause girls can't deny.."
Tobias​​​ says: "a guy who's this fly."
Tobias​​​ says: "So let's get some muscles and score some girls.."
Tobias​​​ says: "from--..."
Tobias​​​ says: "like, Brussels!"
Tobias​​​ says: "..."
Tobias​​​ says: "or-.."
Tobias​​​ says: "something."
Tobias​​​ says: "Let's do this!"
Tobias grabs weights and cannot lift them. The scene jump cuts to Tobias lifting a smaller weight.
Tobias​​​ says: "Yeah!"
Tobias​​​ says: "That's what I'm talkin' about!"
Cut to the bleachers. Girls are conversing behind Tobias.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "If there's one thing girls love, it's cash."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "So you gotta make it rain."
Tobias reaches into pocket, grabs money and throws it behind him, hitting Carmen, Sarah, and Masami. They try to cover themselves.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "That's right."
Sarah says: "Aww.."
Sarah says: "I chipped my tooth!"
Cut to a school corridor outside.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Now I've got the look, and the fliff, all I need is the lady."
Masami passes Tobias.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Ahem."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, beautiful."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "You have a quarter?"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "'Cause I told my mom I'd call her when I fell in love."
Masami says: "Umm..."
Masami says: "no, sorry, I don't, but..."
Masami says: "you can use my cell."
Tobias awkwardly looks at her, the phone, and the camera.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Mph."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks."
Masami says: "No worries."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Ahh,  see ya later."
Camera whip-pans to Tobias walking down an alley depressed.
Gumball says: "Tobias!"
Gumball says: "Where are you going, dude?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Tobias!"
Gumball says: "Aww, come on!"
Crème de Huaah.
Cut to cardboard saying "Commercial Break".
Gumball says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, commercial break!"
Darwin says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, commercial break!"
Cut to Gumball washing his face with soap.
Gumball says: "here's my secret."
Camera cuts to Gumball holding a jar of green slime.
Gumball says: "Crème de Huaah!"
Cut to Darwin gathering fridge mold and placing it in a jar, and giving a thumbs up.
Gumball says: "its pimple inducing formula is guaranteed to keep your skin oily and rank."
Cut to Gumball walking down the hall with Carmen, Leslie and Penny looking disgustingly at his face.
Gumball says: "Crème de Huaah!"
Carmen says: "Ugh!"
Penny says: "Ew!"
Gumball says: "For him, and for huaah!"
Baby Anais.
Cut to Anais with a surly expression with Gumball rubbing her chin.
Gumball says: "It's Baby Anais, the living baby doll!"
Darwin says: "It's Baby Anais, the living baby doll!"
Cut to Gumball and Anais on the bed. Gumball is dressed up like a girl.
Gumball says: "She likes to eat her cookies!"
Gumball shoves cookie onto Anais's face, which crumbles. Gumball then rubs Anais' chin with his finger.
Gumball says: "It's Baby Anais, the living baby doll!"
Darwin says: "It's Baby Anais, the living baby doll!"
Cut to Darwin and Anais at the dinner table. Darwin is likewise dressed up, and is holding a baby bottle.
Darwin says: "She likes to drink milk!"
Darwin says: "She's really drinking it!"
Anais spits out milk at Darwin. Cut to the backyard. Gumball and Darwin are singing, as Darwin holds Anais.
Anais karate chops Gumball's head.
Gumball says: "OW!"
Darwin says: "Oh forget it, man."
Darwin says: "Let's try something else."
Gumball says: "No, no, no!"
Gumball says: "This gave me an idea."
Anai-hilator.
Cut to an alley full of trash.
Gumball says: "It's the Anai-hilator!"
Anais smashes the trash, making it fly in all directions.
Gumball says: "With realistic kung-fu karate-chop action!"
Gumball says: "She can break anything with her tiny hand!"
Anais's hand, being held by Darwin, slowly comes up.
Gumball says: "Nothing can resist her!"
Camera changes to what word is said, as Anais karate-chops said items.
Gumball says: "Cars!"
Gumball says: "Trees!"
Gumball says: "Bricks!"
Gumball says: "Houses!"
Gumball says: "Her own face!"
Cut to Gumball, Darwin, and Anais at a junkyard.
Gumball says: "It's the Anai-hilator!"
Darwin says: "It's the Anai-hilator!"
Cut to a TV with an explosion, with Gumball and Darwin holding the cardboard saying "Commercial Break".
Gumball says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, commercial break!"
Darwin says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, commercial break!"
Cute Battle.
Gumball says: "Come on, hurt yourself!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "'Cause that's what people want, man!"
Darwin crosses his arms.
Gumball says: "Alright.."
Gumball says: "then uh.."
Gumball says: "look.."
Gumball says: "cute!"
Gumball says: "People like to laugh at people who get hurt, and cute pets!"
Darwin says: "Ugh..."
Darwin says: "alright."
Gumball says: "You call that cute?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You think you can do better?"
Darwin says: "Alright."
Darwin says: "If that's what you want."
Darwin says: "CUTE COMBO ATTACK!!"
Darwin makes a series of cute poses, making Gumball almost fall over.
Gumball says: "The cuteness!!"
Gumball says: "It's..."
Gumball says: "too much..."
Darwin says: "Augh, this is stupid!"
Darwin says: "We've got a chance here to do something that matters, and we're just trying to please the masses!"
Gumball says: "Then what would you do?"
Darwin says: "I'll show you."
Life.
Cut to a fast-forwarded video of a field.
Darwin says: "Life."
Cut to people walking by a store being fast-forwarded.
Darwin says: "People."
Cut to a TV showing footage of cars driving, fast-forwarded.
Darwin says: "Why?"
Cut to poster of the solar system, while camera slowly rotates.
Darwin says: "We look out into space for an answer, but just find spheres orbiting spheres."
Cut to a book with "NERD LEVEL" on the front.
Darwin says: "We look inside ourselves for an answer, but just find spheres orbiting spheres."
Cut to Darwin with a tinfoil hat, a stick, and a canvas with drawings of a peanut, eight, and an infinity sign.
Darwin says: "Coincidence?"
Darwin says: "Think about it."
Darwin says: "Look at this peanut."
Gumball says: "OR THE ANAI-HILATOR!!"
Ninja George II.
Gumball holds a sign saying "Ninja George II".
Darwin says: "Ninja George..."
Darwin says: "two."
Gumball puts down sign and walks to the scene.
Darwin says: "Ninja George!"
Gumball says: "Yes, Colonel?"
Darwin says: "You have to help us defeat evil once again!"
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "I promised I would never raise my fists again."
Gumball's foot pops up with a sandwich on it, and Gumball takes a bite, then the foot goes back down.
Darwin says: "But Ninja George!"
Darwin says: "Dr."
Darwin says: "Downer has captured your sister, Ninja Georgina!"
Gumball says: "Alright then."
Gumball says: "But first I need to train."
Cut to Gumball hitting and fighting "with air." Cut back to the previous scene.
Gumball says: "Now I'm ready!"
Darwin throws an orange and Gumball immediately puts his hand out to block the attack.
Darwin says: "Yes, you are."
Cut to a cardboard model of the earth, a sky, and a Gumball puppet traveling on the earth.
Darwin says: "Ninja George traveled far and wide, but it was full of dangers."
Gumball's cardboard model attacks a giant's cardboard model.
Darwin says: "And then he met a dragon, so he had to defeat it."
Gumball's cardboard model attacks a dragon's cardboard model.
Darwin says: "And then he met a beautiful woman, who he fell in love with, but he wasn't emotionally ready, so he had to defeat it."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, it's not you, it's me."
Darwin says: "And then he arrived at the evil temple of Dr."
Darwin says: "Downer."
Cut back to the real Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Give me back my sister!"
Gumball says: "Colonel!"
Gumball says: "It was you all along?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "I tricked you into coming here to defeat you!"
Gumball says: "But why didn't you attack me before my training?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uhhh..."
Darwin says: "let's fight!"
Gumball says: "Ay ya ya!"
Darwin says: "Huh!"
Darwin says: "Huh!"
Darwin says: "Huh!"
Darwin accidentally kicks Gumball's cheek. Silence. The feline bursts into tears, rubbing his cheek, as Darwin throws off his shades.
Darwin says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Darwin says: "Please don't cry!"
Darwin says: "Please!"
Darwin says: "You know that - when you cry, I cry."
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Darwin says: "We're supposed to jump through a window in the next scene!"
Gumball says: "We need another ending."
Ending.
Cut to Gumball and Darwin's face, hugging each other.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry I made you feel like the second best ninja in the world, Dr."
Gumball says: "Downer."
Darwin says: "No, Ninja George."
Darwin says: "It's me who's sorry for being such a prissy little jerk and capturing your sister."
They stop hugging and shake hands.
Gumball says: "I think we both learned that expressing our feelings is way better than a fight to the death."
Gumball says: "Yaaay!"
Darwin says: "Yaaay!"
Gumball says: "Mega happy ending!"
Darwin says: "Mega happy ending!"
Gumball says: "Alright, how do you eject the tape?"
Darwin says: "It's the red button!"
Gumball says: "You sure?"
Gumball says: "I thought the red button was to record."
Darwin says: "Nah, it's definitely eject."
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "Aw, man, I can't wait to see this!"
Gumball presses the delete button, causing the whole screen to glitch up, and the episode ends.