[In front of the Watterson household says: "53 AM."
a dripping bright red timestamp says Monday says: "53 AM."
07 says: "53 AM."
[In front of the Watterson household says: "Richard and Anais are at the dining room table."
a dripping bright red timestamp says Monday says: "Richard and Anais are at the dining room table."
07 says: "Richard and Anais are at the dining room table."
[In front of the Watterson household says: "Anais eats breakfast while Richard plays a handheld game."
a dripping bright red timestamp says Monday says: "Anais eats breakfast while Richard plays a handheld game."
07 says: "Anais eats breakfast while Richard plays a handheld game."
[In front of the Watterson household says: "Gumball and Darwin stomp to the table, grumpy."
a dripping bright red timestamp says Monday says: "Gumball and Darwin stomp to the table, grumpy."
07 says: "Gumball and Darwin stomp to the table, grumpy."
Anais says: "I think someone needs a hug."
Anais says: "Not me, them!"
Gumball and Darwin repeatedly stomp and slam the front door. Richard walks up to them.
Richard says: "What's up?"
Gumball says: "It's Monday!"
Richard says: "I see."
Richard says: "Do you want a hug?"
Gumball says: "There's no point, everything on Monday's crummy!"
Richard says: "What about a wonder hug?"
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Richard says: "It's filled with all the love and happiness in the world!"
Gumball says: "That sounds crummy, too!"
Richard says: "WONDER HUUUUG!"
As Richard hugs them, a rainbow mushroom cloud explodes out of the Watterson household and sparkles are seen everywhere.
[A timestamp says 09 says: "01 AM."
Darwin says: "It was a good hug, but I still feel grumpy."
Gumball says: "Then why are you smiling?"
Darwin says: "I don't know, why are you heel-clicking?"
Gumball is indeed heel-clicking.
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Miss Simian and Bobert approach each other.
Lucy Simian says: "You better run, you're late for class!"
Lucy Simian says: "No running in the halls!"
Bobert says: "Command unachievable, assessing personal level of utilities: zero percent, system obsolete, engaging self-destruct."
He blows a fuse. Banana Joe is strutting down the hallway to a hip-hop beat with his peel down.
Lucy Simian says: "Dress code."
She fixes Banana Joe with a little bit of his insides stuck in a gap in the peel. Joe is seen with a live-action painful look on his face. Miss Simian walks past him and spots a drawing of some children happily playing in the sea on one of the bulletin boards. She draws a shark fin on the drawing, making the children turn and look at it unhappily. In her office, Miss Simian scans through CCTV cameras, with various people exhibiting depressed behavior.
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm?"
She looks at the screen at a camera showing Gumball and Darwin walking to class, looking quite happy. She spits out her coffee through her nose.
[A timestamp says 10 says: "28 AM."
Darwin says: "Dude, stop smiling, I can feel her eyes burning the back of my head!"
He turns around. Miss Simian is staring through a hole that has been burned into Teri's face. Sarah's head has melted and is boiling.
Gumball says: "It's not my fault!"
Gumball says: "My cheeks are begging me to stop!"
Gumball says: "But my heart, my heart says keep smiling, homie, yeah!"
Lucy Simian says: "How dare you sing in my class?"
Lucy Simian says: "What is wrong with you?"
Lucy Simian says: "How could you be in such a good mood on a Monday morning in the middle of a surprise test?"
Gumball takes Darwin's fin and sticks it in the middle of the latter's face, making it look like he has a long nose.
In Principal Brown's office, he stands in front of a recording camera on a tripod, pretending to talk to a student in trouble.
Nigel Brown says: "I'm sorry, what did you say?"
Nigel Brown says: "Young man, I'll have you know that I'm the authority in this school."
Nigel Brown says: "I'll let it slide for now this time."
Nigel Brown says: "Or maybe I'll JUST--  Ah."
Nigel Brown says: "Miss Simian."
Nigel Brown says: "What can I do for you?"
Lucy Simian says: "There's a disease, spreading through the school."
Nigel Brown says: "What?"
Nigel Brown says: "What do you mean?"
Lucy Simian says: "An outbreak."
Lucy Simian says: "An outbreak of joy."
Nigel Brown says: "Rrright, now I'm not implying what you just said sounds crazy, it sounds more like:  Actually, now that I said it out loud, it does sound a little crazy."
Nigel Brown says: "Wait!"
Nigel Brown says: "Don't play the tape!"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, but if you do, for pity's sake, don't let it get on the Internet; people's lives have been ruined by things like that."
Joan says: "There's nothing wrong with these kids, they're just smiling because they're happy."
Joan says: "And for the record, you're not a doctor."
Lucy Simian says: "The happiness is the disease!"
Lucy Simian says: "All right, try and stop smiling."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Lucy Simian says: "Try harder!"
Gumball tries harder, ripping his mouth off.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "There."
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm..."
Lucy Simian says: "See?"
Lucy Simian says: "This is proof that these children are diseased!"
Lucy Simian says: "It's scientific!"
Joan says: "That was a lot of things ending in "ic", it was graphic, it was idiotic, it was sick, one could even say it was horrific, but it certainly wasn't scientific!"
Darwin says: "I thought that was fin-flapping-tastic!"
Lucy Simian says: "The subjects seem to be getting worse, but still, no one takes me seriously."
Joan says: "Maybe that's because you're full of it."
Lucy Simian says: "Professor Simian, signing out."
Joan says: "You're not a profe—"
Static, then Miss Simian is shown shining a flashlight on Gumball, whose pupils are now very dilated and puppy dog-like.
Lucy Simian says: "Look at their eyes."
Lucy Simian says: "They're all weird."
Joan says: "Maybe it's because you've been shining a flashlight into them for half an hour."
Lucy Simian says: "What, really?"
Lucy Simian says: "What time is it?"
Lucy Simian says: "Hello?"
Lucy Simian says: "Hello?"
Darwin turns to Gumball, who is live-action - except his eyes, brows, and whiskers. His mouth has human lips.
Gumball says: "Can you see what I see?"
Exit Darwin's point of view.
Darwin says: "The cuddle monkey says it wants a kiss."
They both try to kiss Miss Simian.
Lucy Simian says: "No, no, no, no."
Lucy Simian says: "Stop that."
Lucy Simian says: "No, don't do that."
Joan says: "What are you doing?"
Lucy Simian says: "Throwing water at them."
Gumball and Darwin squeak happily.
Joan says: "That's not water."
Joan says: "It's cough syrup."
Joan says: "AND THAT'S NOT HOW YOU TREAT STUDENTS!"
[A timestamp says 16 says: "36 PM."
Lucy Simian says: "Fine!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'll conduct my experiments without you!"
Joan says: "You are not qualified to conduct experiments!"
Joan says: "You're ugly enough without making faces!"
Lucy Simian says: "Wait, what?"
Lucy Simian says: "How did she see that?"
Gumball and Darwin begin laughing hysterically. They cough up rainbows, stars, hearts, bunnies, and sparkles and they fall unconscious. The monitor flatlines, then becomes rainbow-colored and sparkly, playing a cheery tune.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh."
Lucy Simian says: "My."
Lucy Simian says: "Gosh."
Lucy Simian says: "PROOOOOOF!"
Principal Brown and Ms. Markham are walking to the latter's office.
Nigel Brown says: "Like this?"
Joan says: "No, more like this."
Joan says: "And she's giving herself all these titles, I mean, what is a "Senior Mega-Consultant Supervirologist" anyway?"
They open the office door while Miss Simian dances.
Lucy Simian says: "IN YOUR FACE!"
Lucy Simian says: "Told you they were ill!"
Lucy Simian says: "Look at them!"
They all go to the door window of the infirmary and look in.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, my goodness."
Nigel Brown says: "The children!"
Nigel Brown says: "Miss Simian, do you realize what this means?"
The Contagion.
As Miss Simian dances, Gumball and Darwin wake up as huggers and jump onto Principal Brown, knocking him down and infecting him with the Joy Virus. Rainbow fluid splatters onto the camera. Principal Brown gets up, laughing creepily. Miss Simian and Ms. Markham back away into the hall as Gumball, Darwin, and Principal Brown approach them. Miss Simian throws Ms. Markham into the infected, infecting her as well. Miss Simian enters her office, trying to close the door as they try to get in. She gets tickled a bit.
Lucy Simian says: "No!"
Lucy Simian says: "NO!"
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, no!"
Lucy Simian says: "It's spreading!"
Lucy Simian says: "IT'S SPREADING!"
On a surveillance camera, in the cafeteria, Gumball and Darwin enter and infect Alan and Bobert while Carmen and Tobias run away. Elsewhere, Rocky sprays something under his arm. Ms. Markham jumps onto him, knocking him down.
Rocky says: "Aah!"
In the hallway, Bobert shorts out the electrical power, darkening the school. On another surveillance camera, in the hallway, Alan infects the Eggheads, Juke, and Carmen. Touching her pops him, splattering rainbow fluid on the camera. Elsewhere in the hallway, Idaho runs away from Teri, Jamie, and Masami, who are infected and coming closer. Tobias steps forth.
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Lay-dees!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Contaminate me."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "The flower boy, typical."
Elsewhere in the hallway, Bobert chases Anton while riding an electric floor scrubber. Gumball and Banana Joe chase Penny into the library, cornering her.
Penny says: "No!"
Gumball infects Penny and kicks Banana Joe away. Penny laughs.
Lucy Simian says: "The PA system."
Lucy Simian says: "It's our only chance."
[A timestamp says 18 says: "20 PM."
[A timestamp says 18 says: "Miss Simian is slowly walking down an empty hallway, carrying the cassette player and keeping vigilant."
[A timestamp says 18 says: "Lockers are open and there is rainbow fluid on the wall and floor."
Lucy Simian says: "Hey."
Lucy Simian says: "Hey, kid."
Lucy Simian says: "Kid, stop crying."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm not infected."
Lucy Simian says: "Just look at this face."
Anais turns around - revealing she too has been infected. Laughing maniacally, she runs toward Miss Simian, who screams. Anais tumbles into a locker, which Miss Simian quickly closes.
Lucy Simian says: "No running in the halls."
Lucy Simian says: "Haha, rainboowws!"
Lucy Simian says: "Peeaace!"
Sussie says: "Uuuhhhh!"
Lucy Simian says: "Uuuhhh!"
Lucy Simian says: "DRESS CODE!!!"
She catches everyone's attention and they start chasing her. She runs around the corner and encounters Teri, who tries to infect her. Miss Simian rips her arms off and continues running. As she dodges more infected people, she encounters Ms. Markham, who also tries to infect her. Miss Simian sticks her to the wall and continues running. She runs into another hallway, encounters an infected Tina, and screams. Tina roars while backing her into the lockers. As some of her rainbow drool drips onto Miss Simian, Tina tries to infect her, but her arms are too short. Miss Simian gets past her and continues running. She turns another corner and runs into Tobias, who is not infected. She screams and he smiles awkwardly at her. Beat. She slams his locker door on him, knocking him down.
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Ow!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "What the—"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Ow!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm sorry, but it's your own fault, you're so multicolored, I thought you were one of them."
Static, then Gumball and Darwin are shown on top of Miss Simian, who's on the floor. The camera is recording.
Lucy Simian says: "I've let you down."
Lucy Simian says: "This story..."
Lucy Simian says: "came to a happy..."
Lucy Simian says: "ENDING!"
She becomes infected and laughs maniacally before the video cuts to static. The camera's tape cuts to Principal Brown in his office, wielding and swinging a mop around. He stops for a few seconds to catch his breath, then continues. The episode ends.