Gumball's New Cell Phone.
The episode starts with Gumball hitting various electronics out of his house with a golf club.
Gumball says: "CAMERA!"
Gumball says: "LAPTOP!"
Darwin says: "Are you sure we won't need it anymore?"
Gumball says: "Of course not."
Darwin says: "I don't understand what all the fuss is about."
Darwin says: "We never needed a cell phone before."
Gumball says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "I don't know how we ever managed to live without it."
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "Where's the camera?"
Darwin says: "No camera."
Gumball says: "Alarm clock?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please tell me we have the internet."
Darwin says: "Dude, I think this manual was printed B."
Darwin says: "I."
Darwin says: "Before Internet."
Gumball says: "I know that one day I'll feel regret about the many things we have lost today."
Gumball says: "But right now I don't care because..."
Gumball says: "Who's got a phone?"
Darwin says: "We got a phone."
Gumball says: "I SAID WHO'S GOT A PHONE?"
Darwin says: "We."
Darwin says: "We got a phone."
Gumball says: "WHOOO!"
Gumball says: "THAT'S RIGHT!"
Gumball puts the phone in his pocket, but it is too heavy and it falls, bringing his pants down as well.
Bus Stop.
Gumball and Darwin are at the bus stop, standing next to Ocho and Bobert. Gumball has the phone taped to the side of his head.
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "I think I know why we haven't received any calls yet!"
Darwin says: "Is it because you look like a dork with your brick phone hands-free headset?"
Gumball says: "it's because no one's got our number."
Darwin rips off the headset, pulling out Gumball's fur while he inhales deeply and sheds a tear from the pain.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Hey Ocho, here's our number: Zero, triple one, zero zero triple zero, one one zero one, triple one zero double one, zero double one, double one zero, triple one zero, triple zero!"
Bobert says: "That spells "poop" in binary code."
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Not Ocho!"
Ocho says: "What?"
Ocho says: "Why not me?"
Gumball says: "Hmm, 'cause you're nuts..."
Ocho says: "What was that?!"
Ocho says: "!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "N-Nothing, it's just that, occasionally, you can get a little..."
Gumball says: "intense?"
Ocho says: "Is this intense?!!"
Ocho says: "!!"
Gumball says: "No-no-no-no, no!"
Gumball says: "That's a perfectly normal level of intensity."
Ocho says: "That's a relief, I just want to make sure I don't scare anybody."
Ocho says: "Thanks for the number."
Gumball says: "Hey everybody, we got a cell phone!"
Gumball says: "Who wants our number?"
In School Hallway.
Gumball says: "Oh come on come on come on, ring already!"
Darwin says: "Dude, I think you're getting a little too hooked on this phone."
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "I don't wanna miss a call!"
Phone seemingly vibrates and Gumball answers it.
Gumball says: "Hello, Gumball speaking."
Gumball says: "Hello?"
Gumball looks up at Rocky, who is on a ladder drilling into the wall.
Gumball says: "Hey, keep it down man!"
Gumball says: "I don't wanna miss a call."
Rocky says: "Okay."
Rocky says: "Gonna take like three weeks to drill this hole now."
Gumball says: "I don't care!"
Gumball hears the phone's "ringtone".
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "Hello, Gumball speaking."
Notices that the phone is not ringing, Darwin points off-screen. Gumball walks over to Teri, who is playing the xylophone. Gumball grabs her mallets, snaps them in half, and exits the room; Darwin opens his mouth, about to say something.
Gumball says: "Just take it."
Gumball says: "I don't wanna see it anymore."
Darwin says: "But maybe blowing up the cafeteria was a little over the top."
Gumball says: "I never liked that stupid phone anyway."
Hardcore Gaming.
At the Watterson house, Gumball and Darwin are playing a video game together.
Gumball says: "This is the moment of truth my friend."
Gumball says: "Final level, one life left."
Gumball says: "It is time for the combo breaker."
Gumball says: "Three, Two, One!"
Gumball says: "C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-Combo breaker!"
Darwin says: "C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-Combo breaker!"
Darwin says: "I should probably get that."
Gumball says: "Leave it dude!"
Gumball says: "Focus!"
Gumball says: "If we lose here, we'll have to start the whole game again!"
Gumball says: "And I can't go through that!"
Darwin says: "But, what if it's important?"
Gumball says: "THIS!"
Gumball says: "THIS IS IMPORTANT!"
Darwin says: "Chill out, it'll just take a second."
Gumball says: "Darwin no, don't do it man!"
Gumball says: "DARWIN PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME!"
Darwin says: "Just a little second..."
Gumball starts hitting buttons with his tongue.
Gumball says: "Darwin, I'm getting a cramp in my tongue."
Darwin continues to reach, as Gumball mashes the controller with his face. Darwin finally releases the controller and picks up the phone; Gumball loses the game, is in a state of shock and his hair is messed up from his face hitting the controller.
Darwin says: "How do you spell "LOL"?"
Gumball says: "J-E-R-K."
Phone Retrieval.
At school, Gumball tries to close his locker, but cannot as it is stuffed with books. He repeatedly slams the locker with his hand until Darwin approaches him, panicking.
Darwin says: "O-M-G, O-M-G!"
Darwin says: "U F 2 H-L-P!"
Gumball says: "Dude, text lingo is for phones."
Gumball says: "We use real words when we talk with our mouths."
Darwin says: "It's the phone!"
Darwin says: "I was texting in the library, and Mr."
Darwin says: "Small confiscated it."
Darwin says: "You have to get it back!"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry Darwin, but maybe it's for the best."
Darwin slides off Gumball, curls into a ball, and begins rocking back and forth.
Darwin says: "O-m-g, o-m-g, o-m-g, o-m-g, o-m-g..."
Gumball says: "Dude, what do you want me to do?"
Gumball says: "I'm a coward."
Gumball says: "I'm not gonna break school rules."
Darwin wails loudly.
Gumball says: "Alright."
Darwin says: "Colon, closed bracket!"
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Outside Mr. Small's office, where Darwin is looking through the window.
Mister Small says: "Ommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..."
Gumball feels around for the phone in a box of confiscated items on Mr. Small's desk.
Darwin says: "Over there, up a bit, up a bit!"
Gumball mocks Darwin's voice while making a weird face.
Gumball says: "I know where your phone is, you text maniac!"
Gumball says: "Just chill out for a second."
Gumball again reaches for Darwin's phone, but he tips the box over and spills all of its contents, including a firecracker; he also tips a jar of thumbtacks and a candle, which ignites the firecracker's fuse.
Darwin says: "Gumball, look out, look out!"
Gumball says: "Will you be quiet?"
Gumball continues groping for the phone until he grabs the firecracker, squeals, and throws it at the window; it bounces off and lands at his feet. Gumball tries to put it out by waving his hand, but it does not work so he simply covers his ears.
Darwin says: "Gumball, behind you!"
Gumball sits on the firecracker; it detonates and smoke comes out of his mouth. The phone buzzes, Darwin looks through the window, and Mr. Small hums again. Gumball reaches for the phone, but Mr. Small falls asleep and slams his head into the desk, causing several candles to fall. One of the candles causes the curtain to catch on fire. Gumball tries to fan it out with a folder, but it catches fire as well. Gumball throws the folder away and it spreads the fire to a cabinet.
Gumball says: "Oh man, what am I gonna do?"
Gumball sees the fire extinguisher on the wall next to the door, and notices the phone vibrating on the ground nearby, surrounded by thumbtacks. Gumball steps around the tacks and grabs the phone, then makes his way to the extinguisher, but Darwin opens the door in Gumball's face and swipes the phone.
Darwin says: "Thanks."
Darwin closes the door again, shutting Gumball inside. Gumball, dazed from the hit, loses his balance and sits on the thumbtacks. He holds back a squeal, then hears Mr. Small starting to stir. Outside, an oblivious Darwin is texting by the door, which opens as a singed and coughing Gumball comes out with the fire extinguisher. Gumball uses the extinguisher and fills Mr. Small's office with foam. He drops the extinguisher, exhausted, then livid, as he growls at Darwin.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I've meditated too long!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I've become one with the universe!"
Addiction.
An animation plays of Darwin emerging from an envelope, opening his mouth, and revealing another envelope containing Darwin; this scene repeats itself, then we see a sweaty Darwin texting in his bedroom, with Gumball sitting on the bed.
Gumball says: "Darwin, we need to talk."
Darwin says: "Uhh yeah."
Gumball says: "You know, I love you man."
Darwin says: "Uh huh."
Gumball says: "But..."
Gumball says: "I think you have a problem with that phone!"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "So I've arranged for your butt to be surgically grafted onto your face."
Darwin says: "Yeah, yeah sure great."
Gumball says: "YOU'RE NOT EVEN LISTENING!"
Darwin says: "Why don't you text me?"
Gumball swipes the phone, and Darwin flips out.
Darwin says: "AHHH!"
Darwin says: "GIMME THAT!"
Darwin says: "GIMME IT!"
Darwin says: "GIMME IT!"
Gumball says: "Look at what this thing has done to you!"
Gumball says: "Your right fin has worn down to a stump from all that texting!"
Gumball says: "And worst of all, your tail has fallen off!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Seriously?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Nooooooo!"
Gumball says: "No, I just added that for dramatic effect."
Gumball says: "But you get the point!"
Gumball says: "This has to stop!"
Phone buzzes and Gumball picks it up.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, but Darwin isn't available right now, or ever again."
Gumball says: "Please, get a life, stop texting, and never call again after the beep."
Gumball says: "BEEEEP!"
Darwin says: "You're right, Ocho and I are phone-addicts."
Gumball says: "Please don't tell me that was Ocho I just spoke to."
Darwin says: "Who do you think was calling me all the time?"
Gumball whimpers and bawls softly.
Darwin says: "DUDE DON'T!"
Darwin says: "You had the predictive text on!"
Gumball says: "What did I send?"
Darwin says: "Your mom gave me scurvy."
Darwin says: "I'm so ready for a fight."
Darwin says: "You're a dork."
Gumball cries again, the phone buzzes.
Darwin says: "He said "I'm coming."
Darwin says: "" And he spelt that in capitals."
Darwin says: "Then he put arrow, colon, bracket."
Gumball says: "What does that mean?"
Gumball says: "We need to get out of here!"
The doorbell rings, Gumball shushes Darwin and looks through the mail slot; he sees Ocho.
Gumball says: "WAH!"
Gumball says: "Hollooo!"
Ocho says: "I know you're behind the door!"
Gumball says: "AHH!"
Darwin says: "AHH!"
Ocho Attacks!
Gumball and Darwin rush outside as Ocho tries to blast them.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "Please stop destroying our house!"
Ocho shoots the mailbox, and it disintegrates into small cubes which then disappear. Gumball and Darwin dive for cover behind their car.
Gumball says: "I didn't mean that stuff about your mom!"
Gumball says: "It was on predictive text!"
Gumball dodges one of Ocho's projectiles.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "He's completely outta control!"
Darwin says: "Let me reason with him!"
Darwin says: "We have a relationship!"
Darwin says: "I just need the phone!"
Darwin says: "I'll..."
Darwin says: "just send him a message!"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "Enough texting!"
Gumball says: "This is what got us here in the first place!"
Gumball says: "We have to go and speak with him directly!"
Darwin says: "Ocho, stop stop, please!"
Darwin says: "Please!"
Darwin says: "Truce!"
Darwin says: "This is me."
Darwin says: "Your friend."
Gumball says: "Nooooooooooooooooooo!"
Darwin reappears in front of him, and what appears to be a life counter; Darwin has 2 lives left.
Gumball says: "Nevermind."
Darwin says: "Dude, we've got three lives!"
Gumball says: "Then let's give him a taste of his own medicine."
Gumball and Darwin grab trash can lids.
Gumball says: "Hey, punk!"
Gumball says: "Game over."
Gumball and Darwin use the lids to deflect Ocho's projectiles back, managing to hit him.
Gumball says: "WE GOT HIM!"
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin lowers his trash lid, and accidentally reflects a projectile at Gumball, who then disintegrates. Gumball comes back to life, and has 2 lives left.
Gumball says: "Nice shooting, noob."
Darwin says: "It's the trash lid that's defective."
Gumball says: "Typical."
Gumball says: ""Blame the controller."
Gumball and Darwin get blasted while they are arguing, dropping them both to one life.
Darwin says: "Does that mean this is our last life?"
Gumball nods.
Gumball says: "RUUUUUN!"
Darwin says: "RUUUUUN!"
They cross the street and dive for cover behind a fence.
Darwin says: "Gumball, we need to call the police!"
Gumball says: "We can't!"
Darwin says: "Why?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I lost the phone!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Where?"
Peering over the fence, they spot it on their front lawn.
Darwin says: "Let me get it!"
Darwin tries to run for the phone, but Gumball drags him back and restrains him.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "This is our last life, and you're gonna waste it on some stupid phone?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "You asked for this!"
Gumball says: "Augh!"
Gumball says: "Gross!"
Gumball says: "DARWIN!"
Ocho hits the cell phone.
Gumball says: "Well, it still looks like a brick to me."
The cell phone disintegrates into small cubes.
Darwin says: "MY CELL PHONE!"
Darwin grabs Gumball and runs toward the trash lids. He gives one to Gumball and takes the other for himself.
Darwin says: "Final level!"
Darwin says: "One life left!"
Gumball says: "It is time..."
Gumball says: "for the combo breaker."
Ocho blasts a projectile; Gumball and Darwin bounce it back and forth between each other using their trash lids.
Gumball says: "C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!"
Darwin says: "C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!"
The projectile picks up extreme speed, then Darwin shoots it at Ocho, but he dodges.
Ocho's Mom says: "Ow!"
Ocho's Mom says: "Ocho, what are you doing?"
Ocho's Mom says: "You're not fighting again, I hope."
Ocho says: "Oh gosh, did I get a little too intense again?"
Gumball says: "Psh!"
Gumball says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "Totally normal level of intensity."
Ocho says: "Are you sure?"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Yeeah."
Ocho says: "Are you sure?!"
Ocho says: "!"
Gumball says: "Hoo!"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah."
Darwin says: "Yes."
Ocho says: "Are you sure?!!"
Ocho says: "!!"
Gumball says: "Ye-e-e-es!"
Gumball says: "Please go home now!"
Ocho's Mom says: "Oh, that's good."
Ocho's Mom says: "He can get a little carried away at times."
Ocho's Mom says: "Come on, Ocho!"
Ocho's Mom says: "Dinner's ready."
Ocho says: "See you tomorrow guys!"
Ocho moves towards his mother, and a tractor beam pulls him up.
Ocho says: "Can I sit in the front, Mom?"
Ocho's Mom leaves; Gumball and Darwin look at their damaged roof.
Epilogue.
Up on the roof, Gumball and Darwin are replacing the bricks.
Darwin says: "You know, I'm glad I had the strength of character to give up that cell phone."
Darwin says: "It takes a lot of willpower to overcome your own weaknesses."
Darwin says: "I hope you find that strength too one day."
Gumball makes a buzzing noise similar to a phone. Darwin reacts to this by unwittingly hitting himself in the head with a nearby brick and falling backward. Gumball smiles.
The episode ends.