Show and Tell.
The episode opens with a song as the hallways of Elmore Junior High are shown, decorated with all kinds of Halloween props.
Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
Eye of newt and toe of frog.
Wool of bat and tongue of dog.
In Miss Simian's class, all the students are wearing Halloween costumes.
Lucy Simian says: "Next."
Tobias walks to the front of the class. His face is purple and swollen up.
Lucy Simian says: "Wow!"
Lucy Simian says: "Good Halloween mask."
Tobias​​​ says: "It's not a mask, I'm allergic to the face paint."
Lucy Simian says: "C-minus then, go to the infirmary."
Tobias faints on the way out.
Lucy Simian says: "Next!"
Gumball sits up in front of the class.
Gumball says: "For my show and tell, I have a Halloween story."
The sky darkens outside; ominous music plays.
Gumball says: "Legend tells of a terrible monster that dwells in the Underworld, so evil and ugly that words cannot describe it."
Gumball says: "So I'll use mime."
Gumball turns into an ugly, deformed version of himself for a moment, then turns back.
Gumball says: "Anyway."
Gumball says: "Every year, the king of the Underworld sacrificed a soul for the creature to devour, until one year he demanded the hand of the king's daughter in marriage."
Gumball says: "The king agreed, on the promise of no further sacrifice."
Gumball says: "But the princess, disgusted by the monster's appearance, left him at the altar."
Gumball says: "In his sorrow, the monster ate everything at the banquet table and every soul around it."
Everyone in the class seems disturbed by the story.
Gumball says: "He was banished, and all mentions of his name forbade, for just speaking his name would be to invite him into our world."
Gumball says: "Which is why you should never utter the words: Gargaroth the Devourer."
The students gasp, holding their face in shock, except Tina, who is unable to physically do so, because of her short arms. They continue to gasp everytime he mentions the monster's name.
Gumball says: "That's right, "Gargaroth" is a name you should never say."
Gumball says: "The mere mention of Gargaroth would summon Gargaroth into our world."
Gumball says: "And believe me, Gargaroth is not a nice guy."
Gumball says: "Gargaroth—"
Carmen says: "Can you please stop saying it?!"
Carmen says: "!"
Gumball says: "Did I say "Gargaroth?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Lightning strikes outside, causing the kids to scream.
Lucy Simian says: "Yeah, that wasn't scary."
Lucy Simian says: "I'll give it a—"
Lucy Simian says: "AAAAAIE!"
Gumball says: "An A?"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Lucy Simian says: "No, I meant: AAAH!"
Miss Simian points to Sarah, whose head suddenly started levitating. The pupils scream as a series of paranormal events unfold, with Bobert's calculator spelling "BOO"  upside down, slamming doors, and all objects in the room floating up. Everyone flees, except Gumball and Darwin. Gumball fakes screaming.
Gumball says: "And scene."
All the chairs and desks drop, perfectly stacked up. Carrie appears in the middle of the classroom, laughing, and then teleports next to Gumball as Darwin frowns in their direction.
Gumball says: "Good job, Carrie!"
Gumball says: "This is gonna work."
Gumball says: "Okay, I saw Principal Brown buying candy for the school store."
Carrie says: "Then let's hit him first."
Carrie disappears. Darwin walks up to Gumball with a disapproving look on his face.
Gumball says: "Okay, yeah, I'm gonna need more screaming and less judgmental staring in your performance."
Darwin says: "It's not a performance."
Gumball says: "Alright, method acting."
Gumball says: "I respect that."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "I really am judgmental, 'cause what we're doing is wrong!"
Gumball says: "Eh, which part?"
Gumball says: "The part where we pretend to summon Gargaroth and use Carrie's powers to scare people, the part where we pose as paranormal specialists to get rid of him, or the part where we get paid with everyone's trick-or-treat candy?"
Darwin says: "Every part!"
Darwin says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball stares through the window, tears welling up in his eyes.
Gumball says: "I'm tired, Darwin."
Gumball says: "I'm tired of having to wear a mask on Halloween, because people wouldn't give me candy if they knew if it was me."
Gumball says: "Because of my reputation, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Alright, fine, it's because I'm greedy!"
Gumball says: "But don't worry, there'll be plenty for you too!"
Darwin says: "Nothing can make me go along with this dishonest scam."
Gumball slithers around Darwin just like a snake.
Gumball says: "Not even to get close to Carrie?"
Gumball says: "If she's gonna eat all that candy, she'll need a body to possess."
Darwin blushes and vocalizes while he fantasizes himself dancing with Carrie.
Darwin says: "Okay, when do we start?"
Ghost Hunting.
Gumball knocks on the door to the principal's office. He scans Principal Brown's body with a flashlight taped to a calculator, and enters the office along with Darwin.
Gumball says: "Hm..."
Nigel Brown says: "What are you doing here?"
Darwin goes through different folders in the desk, throwing papers everywhere.
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "Traces of ectoplasmic residue."
Darwin says: "Telekinetic activity."
Nigel Brown says: "Can you please explain to me what's going on?"
Gumball says: "We're here to get rid of Gargaroth the Devourer."
Gumball says: "For a small fee, of course."
Gumball and Darwin are kicked out of the office. Principal Brown slams the door, but opens it again shortly after. All his papers and furniture are moving in a tornado across the room.
Nigel Brown says: "How much?"
Gumball says: "We'll take those two bags of candy in the corner over there."
Principal Brown hands them the candy as "How Low Would You Go?" begins to play. Gumball and Darwin walk through the corridor and try to high-five Carrie, but their hands go through and they hit each other's faces instead. At the cafeteria, Coach is munching all kinds of food, and she sees an eye on her plate, then Carrie possesses Coach's body, forcing her to go on a rampage through the cafeteria. She climbs up the wall and onto the ceiling, causing everyone to run in panic.
Felix says: "It's Gargaroth!"
Coach falls off the ceiling, breaking the table underneath. Gumball and Darwin barge in, armed with vacuum cleaners.
Gumball says: "Fire 'em up."
Gumball and Darwin start their vacuums, sucking in all the food and objects in Coach's body, as well as a cow, and Carrie too.
Gumball says: "She wasn't even possessed when she ate this!"
Carrie says: "I'm getting paid double for this one."
At the swimming pool, Tobias jumps, only to hit the bottom of the pool as all of the water is being held up by an invisible force.
Rocky says: "Gargaroth!"
Gumball and Darwin burst into the room, still holding vacuums.
Darwin says: "We'll take it from here!"
Gumball says: "For a small fee!"
Tobias​​​ says: "Thank goodness you're here!"
Gumball and Darwin start the vacuums and all of the water drops in the pool, leaving Tobias to float. Rocky and Tobias then hand all of their candy to them. The song is interrupted for a moment when Darwin trips on the cable of his vacuum, but he manages to plug it somewhere else. Meanwhile, Mr. Small meditates in his office and starts levitating.
Mister Small​​​ says: "I finally reached a state of pure enlightenment!"
He looks up, only to see he is actually being sucked up by the ceiling fan.
Mister Small​​​ says: "No no no no!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "Stop, STOP!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "HELP!"
Gumball and Darwin turn their vacuums on, successfully stopping the fan. Mr. Small rewards them with raisins.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Raisins?"
Gumball says: "Hm-hm-hm."
Darwin says: "Hm-hm-hm."
They walk away as the fan starts again, pulling Mr. Small back into his office.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Gargaroooth!"
Mr. Small's scream echoes through the corridors, while Gumball, Darwin and Carrie walk towards the exit.
Darwin says: "I'm glad we're gonna quit while we're ahead for once."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "We are quitting, aren't we?"
Gumball says: "Yeah?"
Darwin says: "You're lying, aren't you?"
Gumball says: "Yeah..."
Darwin says: "We're gonna scam every bit of candy in this town, aren't we?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
When they leave the school, the screen begins to shake and red light shines through cracks forming in the ground. Outside, the sky has turned red, and people are running away screaming as cars and chunks of the road start levitating.
Aftermath.
In the Wattersons' attic, Gumball, Darwin and Carrie stand on top of a giant pile of candy which fills up the entire room.
Gumball says: "Ah, there."
Gumball says: "Every last bit of candy in Elmore!"
Gumball says: "Alright, dig in!"
Carrie says: "S-so, Darwin."
Carrie says: "Do you mind if I borrow your body to, y-you know?"
Darwin says: "No problem."
Darwin sprays breath freshener in his mouth, but accidentally sprays Gumball's eyes instead, causing him to fall over.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Uh, guys, did the weatherman say "cloudy with a chance of apocalypse?"
The three of them look out the window and notice the red light ray above Elmore Junior High. They hurry to school, where a crowd has gathered.
Darwin says: "What's going on?"
A deep growl is heard coming from the building.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Gargaroth has taken over the school!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "He's real?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Carrie says: "I didn't know."
Carrie says: "I thought he was just a ghost ghost story!"
Nigel Brown says: "The Wattersons, thank goodness!"
Nigel Brown says: "They'll save us from Gargaroth the Devourer."
The crowd cheers.
Gargaroth Rises.
Gumball, Darwin and Carrie walk carefully through the school's hallway.
Gumball says: "I always knew I'd get my fifteen minutes of fame, I just didn't think they'd be my last."
Gumball says: "So Carrie, in the story, how exactly do they manage to banish Gargaroth?"
Gumball says: "That part was light on detail."
Carrie says: "Through the sacrifice of a lone, selfless hero."
Gumball says: "Yeah, uh..."
Gumball says: "Still pretty vague, to be honest."
They come across Gargaroth, who starts rising from a hole in the ground.
Carrie says: "Run—"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "If your story's true, all it takes is a hero."
Gumball says: "This hero."
Gumball attempts to suck Gargaroth into his vacuum multiple times, but nothing happens.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Right, maybe not."
The monster growls menacingly and starts going after them.
Carrie says: "Run!"
Darwin says: "We deserved this, we shouldn't have scammed all that candy!"
Carrie says: "Yes, we need to feed him the candy!"
Gumball says: "No way, I worked way too hard for that!"
Gargaroth's many arms extend and eventually grab Gumball, Darwin and Carrie, dragging them to him.
Carrie says: "You need to make a sacrifice, like the hero in the story!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gargaroth prepares to eat them.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Carrie says: "Gargaroth!"
Carrie says: "If Your Grossness agrees to release us, we will give you what your heart desires."
Carrie says: "A sacrifice to your infinite fleshitude."
Gargaroth burps and puts them down.
Carrie says: "Maximus Haribo!"
Carrie's spell opens a hole in the ceiling, transferring all of the candy in the Wattersons' attic directly into the monster's mouth.
Gumball says: "He's a monster!"
Darwin says: "Uh, duh?"
Gumball says: "That's not what I meant."
Gumball says: "He's not even taking off the wrappers!"
Carrie says: "Look out."
Carrie says: "One more mouthful and he'll blow!"
The kids take cover as it seems Gargaroth is about to explode, but he only lets out a burp instead.
Carrie says: "Quick!"
Carrie says: "Is there any more candy left?"
Gumball picks up a lollipop and hides it behind his back.
Gumball says: "No."
Carrie says: "Then run again."
They start running again with Gargaroth's arms reaching out for them.
Gumball says: "Remind me to never believe any more of your stories."
Carrie says: "That's it!"
Carrie says: "He's only here because we made people believe in him!"
Gumball says: "Then maybe, if we close our eyes and stop believing..."
Gumball places his hands in front of his eyes and concentrates, but he ends up running into a wall at the end of the corridor.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Gargaroth."
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Why are you doing this?"
Darwin says: "Is it really food you seek?"
Darwin says: "Perhaps the emptiness isn't in your stomach, but in your heart."
The monster seems calm for a moment, but quickly returns to his violent ways and grabs Gumball and Darwin. Carrie appears in front of him.
Carrie says: "Gargaroth, no!"
Carrie says: "If you promise not to destroy this world, I will fill the void in your heart."
Darwin says: "W-what are you doing?"
Carrie says: "It's the only way."
Carrie says: "Gargaroth, I will be your bride."
Carrie and Gargaroth have a wedding ceremony in the library. Gargaroth's speech seems to be composed of only belching and farting sounds.
Carrie says: "I do."
Carrie says: "And you, Gargaroth the Devourer, do you promise to share your clogged heart in health, but mostly sickness, and join me for eternally horrible matrimony in the Underworld?"
Gargaroth lets out another crude noise.
Carrie says: "I'll take that as a yes."
Carrie says: "Then with this kiss, let us seal our unholy union."
Darwin says: "Why did she have to be sacrificed?"
The newlyweds prepare to kiss.
Darwin says: "There has to be another way!"
Gumball pulls out the lollipop behind his back.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "Noo..."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Alright."
Gumball throws the last piece of candy into Gargaroth's mouth, causing him to explode and cover the trio in green slime.
Free at Last.
With the school finally free from Gargaroth's influence, the crowd hails outside.
Everyone says: "YES!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah, whatever."
Gumball wipes some slime off his face and reluctantly lets the crowd launch him up.
Darwin says: "Okay, well, bye!"
Carrie says: "Bye."
Darwin says: "Oh, oh!"
Darwin says: "U-unless you're hungry?"
Carrie says: "Not really."
Carrie says: "What was left of that candy looked pretty well digested."
Darwin says: "Oh, right."
Darwin says: "Nevermind..."
Carrie says: "O-or, we could just get an ice cream?"
Darwin says: "Uh!"
Darwin says: "I-I'd like—"
Gumball says: "Come on already!"
Gumball drags Darwin by the hand, ending the episode.