Darwin's Campaign.
The episode begins with a shot of the Wattersons' house. Gumball and Darwin are in their room. Darwin is dressed as a hippie activist.
Gumball says: "Darwin, how am I supposed to take your new charity crusade seriously when you're dressed like that?"
Darwin says: "What's wrong with my new look?"
Gumball says: "You look like a trust-fund baby spending his gap year ruining the Third World with his trance music and smelly feet."
Darwin takes his wig off and sighs.
Gumball says: "And please make sure you throw those clothes away."
Darwin says: "Okay, fine."
Gumball says: "At night, so no one can see you."
Darwin says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Off a cliff."
Darwin says: "All right!"
Gumball says: "Into a volcano."
Darwin says: "Okay, I get it!"
Darwin says: "Could you at least watch my campaign video, though?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Darwin plays his video titled "The Truth.".
Darwin says: "It is always better to speak the truth than to say nothing."
Gumball says: "Unless you're hiding from a crazy guy with an axe and he shouts "Where are you?"
Darwin says: "Come on, this is serious!"
The video shows Gray Man, one of the construction workers, brushing his teeth, making a toast, taking his hat and entering the bus. He does all this with a look of despair on his face.
Darwin says: "Every day, thousands of individuals are forced into labor, spending their whole lives being trampled on, struggling under the pressure society puts on them."
We can now see Mr. Cooper on the junkyard, passing by with a sad face. In the back, a garbage truck is throwing some garbage on the ground.
Darwin says: "And when they get too old, they're thrown on the scrap heap like trash."
Gumball says: "Oh, I get it."
Gumball says: "It's about big businesses not caring about the little guy."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Look closer."
Darwin rewinds the video and zooms in a few times. This reveals that the toothbrush Gray Man was using is bitten, the toaster is corroded, the rug he was stepping on is dirty, the bus he entered has a sad expression.
Gumball says: "Nope, I don't get it."
Darwin zooms in on the objects the truck left at the junkyard.
Darwin says: "It's about objects - the objects of Elmore."
Gumball says: "But they're objects."
Gumball says: "That's why they're there - to be used."
Darwin says: "STOP OBJECTIFYING OBJECTS!"
The chair Gumball was sitting on flops. Gumball falls on the ground.
Darwin says: "Um, are you okay?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine."
Darwin says: "Not you."
Darwin says: "You think the things around you are your servants."
Gumball says: "Uh, no, no, no."
Darwin says: ": You think that they're just stuff you can mistreat."
Gumball says: "Dude, stop it!"
Darwin says: ": But if you were a little more observant, you'd have some pity for the socks that spend their whole lives crammed with feet."
Gumball says: "Nope, they're objects."
Gumball is heading towards the mall and looking at his phone. Darwin quickly catches up with him and continues the song. Gumball is uninterested.
Darwin says: "Can you hear the cries of cotton buds inside your ear?"
Darwin says: "Or the tears of trash cans stomped when overflowed?"
Darwin says: "Can you feel the sobs of seats beneath your buttocks?"
Darwin says: "Or the pain of all the things you'll never know?"
The duo enters the mall. Darwin climbs on a pile of boxes while singing. The boxes then start opening with different objects popping up from them.
Darwin says: "So let's fight for all the rights of the inanimate and ensure that this injustice is no more!"
Darwin says: "Let's relieve them from the tyranny of people and bring freedom to the objects of Elmore!"
Darwin is handed a flag so he waves it while the objects sing the last verse with him.
Darwin says: "Yes, bring freedom to the objects of Elmore!"
the Objects says: "Yes, bring freedom to the objects of Elmore!"
The Objective Side.
Gumball interrupts the song, revealing that Darwin was standing on a stack of objects waving a "SALE" sign as a flag.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "They're just objects, get down from there!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "They need someone to stand up for them."
Darwin says: "Come now, little friend, be free."
Darwin throws the toaster on the ground.
Toaster says: "Ow!"
Toaster says: "What are you doing?!"
Toaster says: "!"
Darwin says: "There, there."
Darwin says: "I'm freeing you from the shackles of oppression."
Toaster says: "I didn't want freeing!"
Toaster says: "Sure, an air hole would have been nice, but freeing?"
Toaster says: "Nuh-unh!"
Darwin says: "But you can do anything you want now."
Toaster says: "All I want to do right now is make you toast."
Darwin says: "But you do that all the time!"
Toaster says: "That's not the kind of toast I was talking about."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "See, man?"
Gumball says: "Just let them do their jobs."
Gumball says: "Trying to convince them otherwise is like trying to stop a soccer mom from asking to speak to the coach."
Gumball says: "It's not gonna happen."
Toilet Brush says: "He's right."
Toilet Brush says: "I, for one, am happy doing what I'm doing."
Toilet Brush says: "There's dignity in doing a job well."
Darwin says: "But don't you want to make your own choices?"
TV Screens says: "We give people choice."
TV Screens says: "We don't need our own."
Darwin says: "But there's so much of the world to see!"
Globe says: "Nah, everything's on the Internet now anyway."
Darwin says: "No, you're missing the point."
Darwin says: "You're being used by people who don't care about your pain."
Darwin says: "If you can't see it, then I'll show you."
Darwin turns into a mop and Gumball mops the floor with him. He screams in pain.
Darwin says: "Good."
Darwin says: "Now use me as a doormat."
Darwin says: "Go on, do it!"
Gumball steps on Darwin and wipes his feet while Darwin grunts.
Darwin says: "Great."
Darwin says: "Now use me as a hammer."
Gumball sighs and proceeds to use Darwin to drive a nail into wood. Darwin is, once again, in a lot of pain.
Darwin says: "Now use me as a pencil sharpener."
Gumball says: "Yeah, what exactly are we trying to prove here?"
Washing Machine says: "I don't get it."
Toilet Brush says: "Me neither."
Darwin says: "I'm holding up a mirror to you guys so you can see the suffering and tragedy in your lives."
Gumball says: "Wouldn't it be easier to do that literally?"
Gumball takes a rectangle-shaped mirror and puts it in front of another, circle-shaped mirror. The mirrors see each other, but also their reflections. Both gasp in surprise.
Circle-Shaped Mirror says: "I stared into the abyss, and it stared back at me."
Rectangle-Shaped Mirror says: "I am nothing, just a meaningless speck of dust in a cold, infinite world."
Both mirrors faint, fall and break.
Gumball says: "Look, these objects don't know any better."
Gumball says: "They're like British people and the sun."
Gumball says: "They don't miss what they've never seen."
Darwin says: "Hmm, you're right."
Darwin says: "Maybe they just need some inspiration!"
Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" plays and Darwin sings the melody.
Gumball says: "And what is that now?"
Darwin says: "The introduction to this."
The screen flashes and we can see Hexagon Lady on the catwalk. She's walking and being photographed by the paparazzi.
Darwin says: "Imagine a four-poster bed could be adored as a famous catwalk model."
A four-poster bed comes to the catwalk after Hexagon Lady and is photographed as well.
Darwin says: "An umbrella could travel to distant lands and conquer the highest peaks."
The scene shows an umbrella climbing on top of a tall mountain.
Darwin says: "An electric kettle could raise millions with a sponsored bungee jumps."
Darwin is seen tying a bungee cord to a kettle who is preparing to jump from a bridge.
Darwin says: "A corkscrew can win Olympic gold as a figure skater."
A corkscrew is shown ice skating.
Darwin says: "A magnifying glass could become an astronaut and be the first object to see Earth from space."
A magnifying glass is happily exploring the Moon.
Darwin says: "And one day, who knows, maybe a candelabra could be president."
A candelabra is shown taking a deep bow to thank its supporters. The screen then flashes again and we're back in reality where Darwin is still humming the melody of "Ode to Joy".
Gumball says: "Dude, those ideas are like lighting a candle during a power outage in a fireworks factory."
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "Well..."
The screen flashes once again and we can see numerous scenes. The bed is struggling with its wheels scraping on the catwalk. This goes on for some time until it finally falls on the ground. The umbrella that climbed the mountain is blown away by the wind, the kettle jumps and crashes, the corkscrew breaks the ice and falls into the water, the candelabra sets the whole room on fire, the magnifying glass causes light beams that hit the Earth. The screen flashes and we're back in reality.
Darwin says: "Okay, they were bad examples."
Darwin says: "But come on!"
Darwin says: "Surely one of you guys must have some kind of ambition."
Chair says: "Well, I do."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "That's great!"
Darwin says: "You don't want to be a chair anymore?"
Chair says: "Nope!"
Darwin says: "What do you want to be, then?"
Chair says: "A seat!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, no, I don't think you're getting this."
Darwin says: "You can be anything you like."
Chair says: "For real?"
Chair says: "Oh boy!"
Chair says: "Even a stool?"
Darwin says: "Same thing!"
Chair says: "Oh, you meant literally anything?"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Chair says: "Okay."
Chair says: "Well, this is gonna sound insane, but if we're really dreaming the dream, you know those big football stars?"
Darwin says: "Yeah?"
Chair says: "The ones that earn millions of dollars?"
Darwin says: "Yeah?"
Chair says: "You know when they win the game and go back into the locker rooms?"
Darwin says: "Yeah?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Chair says: "And sit on that big bench?"
Gumball says: "Aw, buddy."
Gumball says: "They may not want to be saved, but look at the bright side."
Gumball says: "The rest of the world still needs your help."
Gumball says: "The rich keep getting richer, and the poor keep getting poorer, huh?"
Gumball says: "Global warming is really bad, and the ice caps are melting."
Gumball says: "That's terrible."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "This will cheer you up."
Gumball says: "There might be so many people on the planet soon that we could all run out of food!"
Darwin says: "How is any of that supposed to make me feel better?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, you're the one who wants to save things."
Gumball says: "Isn't it good that there are actual causes that need your help?"
Gumball says: "Surely that's better than trying to teach a toaster to paint waterfalls before it gets replaced when it's no longer useful."
Toilet Paper says: "Um, what do you mean, "replaced?"
Toilet Paper says: "" We're irreplaceable."
Darwin says: "No, you're not."
Globe says: "Come on, we're made of stuff that won't degrade for thousands of years."
Toilet Brush says: "Yeah."
Toilet Brush says: "Once someone buys me, I'll be with them forever."
Darwin says: "Yeah, well, sometimes you break or people just get bored and buy a new model."
Washing Machine says: "Then what happens to us?"
Darwin looks up and lots of different objects can be seen being thrown away, lit on fire, and destroyed. Everyone gasps. It is revealed that the scenes of objects being destroyed were shown by Gumball on his phone.
Darwin says: "Dude, we could have broken it to them more gently than that!"
Globe says: "What?!"
Globe says: "!"
Globe says: "That's how you treat us?!"
Globe says: "!"
Globe says: "Throwing us away when we're not even broken?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, well, some people do, but we're not all like that."
Gumball says: "Aw, man, this phone is so slow."
Gumball says: "Eh, I'll just order a new one."
Suddenly, Larry comes on his motorcycle and delivers Gumball a new phone. Gumball signs a contract and opens it.
Gumball says: "Thanks, Larry!"
Gumball says: "Won't be needing this anymore."
Gumball throws his old phone on the ground. The phone breaks and grunts until a dial tone is heard and the phone closes its eyes. All objects gasp in shock.
Objection!
Toilet Brush says: "That's it!"
Toilet Brush says: "We're not gonna be treated like this anymore!"
TV Screen says: "Let's take control!"
Mop says: "We'll wipe the floor with them!"
Alarm Clock says: "Their time is over!"
Darwin says: "Guys, please."
Darwin says: "Calm down."
Gumball says: "Uh, dude, the objects are revolting."
Darwin says: "I don't think insulting them is gonna help."
Gumball says: "No, I mean, they're revolting!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin run away in terror as the objects start chasing them. The screen cuts to black after which Jackie and the Hexagon Lady are shown, walking down the street and having a conversation.
Hexagon lady says: "Do you remember when i stole a lot of money?"
Jackie says: "Yes, I remembered it last month."
They stop and see a fan angrily staring at them from the bush. The fan then appears behind them and starts chasing them. The next scene shows Mr. Robinson being tossed on the bed while his wife watches it and laughs.
Gaylord says: "Help me, Margaret!"
The closet Margaret is standing in front of suddenly opens, pushing Margaret on the bed. The bed then continues tossing both of them. The next scene shows Gary trying to put a letter in the mailbox, but the mailbox suddenly closes and catches his hand. Residents of Elmore are being chased by the revolting objects, their houses are on fire and they are all screaming in terror. In the school, Tobias is being chased by a tricycle. He hides behind a wall, but is shocked when he sees file cabinets slowly approaching him.
File Cabinets says: "Come play with us, Tobias!"
Tobias escapes the cabinets but finds himself in front of an aggressive vending machine that starts firing cans at him. Principal Brown is seen going to the toilet, but as soon as he sits, the toilet flushes him and burps out only his newspapers. The Dolphin Man is getting a tattoo, but the tattoo machine draws a silly face on the back of his head. He is angry at the tattoo artist but then notices that the machine escaped, leaving only the words "See you, suckers!" behind on the floor.
Tattoo Machine says: "See you, suckers!"
The Melted Cheese Guy enters his car, but the vehicle suddenly locks itself and points the rearview mirrors towards him, causing him to start melting. The car then opens the door, dispensing its driver, and drives away. The next scene shows the Doughnut Sheriff trying to arrest another file cabinet.
Donut Sheriff says: "That's it!"
Donut Sheriff says: "You're under arrest!"
The cabinet starts hitting the officer. An angry lamp jumps on Phil's head while the Cowboy is chased by flying books. Multiple hoses crawl over to Pantsbully, Jeff, and Betty and tie them up. All of Elmore's residents are slowly getting cornered by the furious objects. The objects start cheering.
Toilet Brush says: "We're in control now!"
Fan says: "So let's start a new society."
Objects says: "Yeah!"
Globe says: "A fair society where everyone is equal!"
Objects says: "Yeah!"
Toilet Brush says: "And no one is oppressed anymore!"
The objects start cheering and gleefully chanting. The screen fades to black.
A New Socie-thing.
Numerous objects are seen walking in the street. The chairs greet each other and comment on the day. In one house, three chairs are laughing at their new delightful life.
Chair One says: "Ah, things are so much better now!"
Chair Three says: "Not like the bad old days."
The chairs continue laughing and the camera zooms out, showing that they are sitting on Pantsbully and the Melted Cheese Guy. Their table is actually a person wearing a tablecloth. In another house, Hot Dog Guy is acting like a TV.
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​ says: "And today you'll see highs of 98 degrees."
Fan says: "Oh, it's too darn hot!"
The farmer clicks his tongue and starts blowing air. The fan is pleased and it leans further into Harold, who is used as a chair.
Fan says: "Ahh!"
Fan says: "That's better!"
The scene cuts to Gumball holding an easel for a washing machine to draw. Darwin is sitting on all fours with a pencil box on his head.
Gumball says: "You happy now?"
Gumball says: "I've got to spend the rest of my days as an easel."
Darwin says: "It's all right for you."
Darwin says: "I've just got to hope he doesn't want to sharpen that pencil..."
Darwin says: "again."
A snap is heard - the pencil broke. Gumball and Darwin are both terrified. The episode ends.