Peter Comes to School.
The episode starts off with Principal Brown in his office. He plays Jingle Bells on a xylophone.
Nigel Brown says: "Attention everybody!"
Nigel Brown says: "We are being joined by a new student today."
Nigel Brown says: "Now, he’s previously been homeschooled, so he is bound to be a little self-conscious about his possible bizarre behavior."
Peter hears this and looks up at the Intercom confused.
Nigel Brown says: "Or total lack of social skills."
Nigel Brown says: "We should not stare at him."
Everyone in the cafeteria stares.
Nigel Brown says: "Point."
Julius points at him.
Nigel Brown says: "Or draw attention to him, in any way."
Nigel Brown says: "So, will Peter Pepperoni please come to my office."
Nigel Brown says: "Actually..."
Nigel Brown says: "I probably should have just said that last bit, oh well, never mind, just style it out, Nigel."
The end credits theme is played again.
Who's the New Kid?
Gumball and Darwin are walking along a school hallway.
Darwin says: "Homeschooling sounds great!"
Darwin says: "You’d be the most popular kid in school."
Gumball says: "Yeah, and when you think about it, the least popular kid in school."
Darwin says: "Remember when Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad tried to homeschool us?"
Flashback to Richard homeschooling the two of them.
Richard says: "Seventy-eight plus thirty-nine plus fourteen plus sixty-two plus fifty-one is?"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Spring rolls, egg, fried rice, sweet and sour pork, kung pao chicken, and chow mein."
Richard says: "Correct."
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Yeah, if we had stuck with that I’d have a doctorate in takeout menus by now."
Gumball says: "And a serious weight problem."
Nigel Brown opens his door.
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, boys, if I might have a quick word."
Nigel Brown says: "It’s the new boy."
Nigel Brown says: "I don’t understand a single word he’s saying."
Gumball says: "Maybe it’s slang."
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, yes, slang, Which of course is also slang."
Nigel Brown says: "For slanguage."
Gumball says: "Well, I can see why you came to us."
Gumball says: "You want a pair of guys down with the streets, just a couple of cool dudes  who were so confident with their fashion choices, they haven’t changed their outfits in six years."
Darwin says: "Leave it to us."
Darwin says: "We’re—"
Gumball says: "Dude, no, that means smoking hot."
Darwin says: "No, it means cool."
Darwin says: "My finger is cooling things down!"
Nigel Brown says: "Anyway, he’s your problem now."
Music from the xylophone can be heard again.
Gumball says: "So Peter, what do you wanna do first?"
Peter says: "Well, wherever I'm cool, lunch over the canteen there the locker the hunger sandwich and maybe some ketchup?"
Gumball and Darwin make confused faces.
Montage of Confusion.
They are at the cafeteria. The Blue Danube plays during this scene and throughout the montage.
Peter says: "Is school nice to be on in, maybe lots of maybe people here."
Peter says: "Is the fun always on, or is the fun not?"
Gumball says: "Uh, sorry, I didn’t quite catch that, one more time?"
Peter says: "What I was, I said..."
The montage starts.
Gumball says: "Excuse me?"
Darwin says: "Sorry, could you repeat that please?"
Gumball says: "Uh, wh-what?"
Darwin says: "Run that by me again?"
Gumball says: "Could you maybe spell that for me?"
Darwin says: "Say what?"
Gumball says: "A little slower?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Wha—"
Darwin says: "What now?"
Gumball says: "I beg your pardo—"
Darwin says: "Er..."
Gumball says: "Whaa—"
Darwin says: "Errr—"
Gumball says: "Uhhh—"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "I—"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "I—"
Darwin says: "Erm—"
Gumball says: "Hurrrrr—"
Darwin says: "I think I got it!"
Darwin says: "Are you saying you wanna grease a stanking leopard at the hacky-sack convention?"
Peter says: "I was saying just now, there's too much of it."
Peter says: "Am I right?"
Awkward pause as they stare at Peter.
Peter says: "Are we's frienyclose?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball fist bumps him and Peter tries to shake his hand, but they keep switching between a fist bump and a handshake.
Peter says: "Catch a catch?"
Gumball says: "Dude, I have no—"
Gumball says: "Okay, it’s been two days now and I have no idea what that guy is saying."
Gumball says: "And there is no way I can ask him to repeat himself again!"
Darwin says: "You don’t have to."
Darwin says: "You just play back what he’s been saying, and listen to it."
Gumball says: "How?"
Darwin says: "I’ve been wearing a wire this whole time!"
Shows Gumball a small piece of wire.
Gumball says: "Darwin, wearing a wire means wearing a microphone."
Gumball says: "That’s just a piece of the fence."
Darwin says: "Note to self, connect wire to something."
Gumball says: "Why don’t we just smile at him and nod along to whatever it is he’s saying?"
Darwin says: "Well that wouldn’t be honest with him or ourselves."
Darwin says: "But, on the plus side, it is the easiest way out of things."
Gumball says: "Okay, cool."
Gumball says: "Wait, when you’re weighing things, isn’t the heavier thing better?"
Darwin says: "No, the lighter one’s best."
Gumball says: "When would you want the lighter one of anything?"
Darwin says: "A summer coat?"
Darwin says: "A soufflé?"
Darwin says: "A case of chicken pox?"
Gumball says: "Whatever, we’ll just nod along to whatever he says."
Gumball says: "I mean, it’s gotta be easier than what we’re doing now."
Let's Just Nod.
Gumball and Darwin are seen at home playing Kebab Fighter on the couch when the doorbell rings. They answer it.
Peter says: "Hey guys, I mean I’m here just wanna play this now?"
They nod nervously.
Peter says: "Delay!"
They are on the couch playing.
Peter says: "And if you skip one level to flight that’s all you do to go."
The camera zooms put revealing Gumball and Darwin laying on both sides of the couch bored. In the game, the flight to Chicago turns from “Boarding” to “Delayed”. The screen then shows “LEVEL UP!” and plays some music.
Peter says: "Ah, I get the winner before!"
Peter says: "Never just life lost in the first."
They both nod. Cuts to Peter outside their door again holding Stellar Odyssey IV.
Peter says: "Okay so it’s been all three two movies on TV, but now it’s time for four!"
They nod nervously. Cut to Peter putting together a puzzle of Stellar Odyssey IV while Gumball and Darwin kneel there with their eyes red and their mouths open.
Peter says: "Of course it’s keeping in coordinate the first side and then the edge and- the edge-piece corner, which is triple picture because down the box."
They nod again. Cuts to Peter showing them pictures of coins in a book in the school library.
Peter says: "ah you!"
Peter says: "Uh, can I believe it?"
Peter says: "A penny of history."
Peter says: "Golden brown."
They both nod. They have forced smiles that are so large their gums are showing.
Darwin says: "Dude, if my smile gets any bigger, I’ll bankrupt myself on toothpaste."
Gumball says: "That’s nothing."
Gumball says: "I’ve been nodding so much I’ve developed a six-pack."
Gumball says: "Here."
Gumball says: "I say we get out of here before my neck gets scouted for a football scholarship."
Gumball says: "Besides, I’ve been clawing a hole in the floor with my feet."
A closeup shot of Gumball's feet are shown near a gaping hole in the floor. He retracts his toe claws.
Darwin says: "So we can escape?"
Gumball says: "No, just ‘cause I was really bored, but yeah, I guess we can use it for that."
Meeting His Parents.
Cuts to the front of the school, where Gumball climbs out of a manhole with his fur wet and messy. Darwin then comes out after.
Darwin says: "I feel kind of bad, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Yeah, even though we just crawled through twenty feet of sewage water, that’s not what’s making me feel dirty."
Darwin says: "Yeah, he’s new and he only wanted to make friends."
Darwin says: "We should go back."
Gumball says: "Okay, But no more smiling and nodding and agreeing to stuff we don’t understand."
Darwin looks at him blankly.
Gumball says: "That’s the spirit!"
As they began to lift the manhole cover again, a red truck arrives and stops at the school entrance.
Siciliana says: "Oh, hello!"
Siciliana says: "You must be Gumball and Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Huh, oh yeah, hi."
Gumball says: "You must be Peter’s parents."
Siciliana says: "Oh, he’s mentioned us?"
Darwin says: "Probably."
Siciliana says: "We are so thrilled that Peter’s finally found some friends that speak the same language."
Darwin says: "We do?"
Quattro says: "And he’s so excited that you said you’re up for coming along tonight."
Gumball says: "We did?"
Quattro says: "I mean, I’m not surprised, you guys are inseparable these days."
Quattro says: "What is it you call yourselves?"
Quattro says: "Uhh..."
Quattro says: "not The Three Musketeers, no, uh..."
Quattro says: "something like, The Three Amigos?"
Quattro says: "Uh..."
Quattro says: "ah, cheesecakes, what is it, sweetheart?"
Siciliana says: "Pete’s saying it all the time."
Darwin says: "The Three..."
Darwin says: "Guys?"
Siciliana says: "Ah, he's one funny fella, hey?"
Gumball says: "Oh, he's..."
Gumball says: "definitely got a way with words!"
Peter says: "Buddies!"
Peter says: "After the time in meeting!"
Siciliana says: "Oh, Petey, you're the one that's late!"
Siciliana says: "Your buddies were on time!"
Peter says: "Peter 'course!"
Peter says: "Doctor told me the seconds."
Peter says: "For mistakes!"
Darwin says: "Hey, don't worry."
Darwin says: "We totally understand."
Gumball says: "We do?"
Siciliana says: "Well, you comin' or what?"
Gumball says: "Ahh, here we go again."
The Pepperoni's Day Out.
Gumball, Darwin, and the Pepperonis are all in the car together.
Siciliana says: "So, what's your head size?"
Siciliana says: "Let's see."
Siciliana says: "and one extra-extra-extra-extra-extra large."
Darwin says: "Are you okay?"
Gumball says: "I'm fine."
Gumball says: "I'm totally cool with people saying how big your head is."
Darwin says: "Maybe she's buying us party hats!"
Darwin says: "It must be Peter's birthday!"
Darwin says: "Oh, but we haven't got him anything..."
Darwin says: "Maybe we should improvise something!"
Darwin says: "Whatcha got in your pockets?"
Gumball says: "Something that swam in my pants when we were in the sewer and now, I'm too afraid to look."
Darwin says: "Let's put that in the "maybe" pile."
Quattro says: "Okey-cokie, here we are at the town hall!"
The car swerves recklessly into a parking space but parks without a scratch.
Siciliana says: "There you go!"
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "It is a party hat!"
Gumball says: "Woolen ones."
Gumball says: "How..."
Gumball says: "very warm."
Siciliana says: "Oh-ho, sweetie, they're not party hats!"
Quattro, Siciliana, and Peter put on black ski masks and get out of the car. Gumball and Darwin turn around and watch them from the back window.
Darwin says: "It still could be his birthday!"
Gumball says: "Who'd hold a kid's party at the town hall?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "Maybe instead of a clown tripping over his long shoes, it's a democratically elected official making long and administrative errands?"
Quattro hoists Siciliana up into a window. She opens it and whistles for Peter, who throws her a hand grenade. She pulls the pin out and throws it into the building, covering her ears when it explodes. They put on gas masks and everyone in the town hall runs out in a puff of smoke. They run in.
Darwin says: "Dude, I knew something was weird!"
Darwin says: "Party hats only come in one size!"
Gumball says: "That's all you think is weird?"
Gumball says: "Not the ski masks or grappling hooks?"
Peter grabs a grappling hook from the back of the car, swings it, and throws it at the town hall balcony. Siciliana grabs it and pulls it taut. She and Quattro zip line down.
Darwin says: "Well, we should have at least got him a card!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, I don't think—"
The Pepperonis get back into the car and they take off. They jerk to a halt, but keep pushing. The grappling hook on the back is pulling on a safe inside the building.
Darwin says: "HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO—"
Darwin says: "AAAAHHHHH!!!"
They break the wall and the safe breaks through, dragging behind the car. They recklessly drive through the streets, destroying cars with the safe. Darwin screams all the while. They pass by the Doughnut Sheriff's car.
Donut Sheriff says: "This one's mine!"
Gumball says: "WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Siciliana says: "Oh!"
Siciliana says: "I thought Peter explained all this to you!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, he might've, heh!"
Siciliana says: "Well, we know you boys share our views!"
Siciliana says: "Peter's always saying how you agree with him on practically everything!"
Gumball says: "About WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Siciliana says: "About the government!"
Gumball says: "The government?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Siciliana says: "Oh, it's the next left, honey!"
They take a wide left turn, and the safe destroys Pantsbully's hot dog stand. A piece of paper lands on his face. He reads it.
Pantsbully says: "ID violation order?!"
Pantsbully says: "!"
Pantsbully says: "I guess servin' hot dogs in my underwear for six years was gonna catch up to me someday."
They take a right turn, and the safe destroys some scaffolding on the side of a building. Another paper lands in the hand of a construction worker.
Worker says: "Structure permit denied?!"
Worker says: "!"
Worker says: "Well, they work fast."
They keep straight, and more papers fly out behind them. One lands in the Hobo's hands.
Hobo says: "Eviction notice?"
Hobo says: "Ah, come on!"
Hobo says: "I don't even have a house!"
Hobo says: "Littering?!"
Hobo says: "!"
Hobo says: "Aaahh!!"
Cut back to the Pepperonis' car, still recklessly driving.
Gumball says: "But what did the—"
Gumball says: "AAAHHH!!!!"
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "What did the government ever do to you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Quattro says: "Always telling us what to do and what not to do!!"
Quattro says: "You can't take your son out of school, you can't teach him at home, you can't teach him how to speak!!"
Quattro says: "DO I LOOK LIKE I CAN'T TEACH MY OWN SON HOW TO SPEAK PROPERLY??!!!"
Quattro says: "!!!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh awkwardly and nod.
Quattro says: "I'm glad you guys share our views!"
As they keep driving, another paper lands in front of Mr. and Mrs. Robinson.
Gaylord says: "Our marriage certificate?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "It's going up in flames!"
Gaylord says: "Yep."
Gaylord says: "Any minute now."
Meanwhile, the Pepperonis' car swerves and knocks over a truck. Back to Mr. Robinson with another match.
Gaylord says: "Aha!"
Gaylord says: "Oh."
Margaret holds out a lighter to him.
Gaylord says: "Thanks, honey."
The Pepperonis have been chased by the police all the way to the desert. They screech to a halt right at the edge of a cliff and get out.
Siciliana says: "Okay, so I've removed the license plates, put the fake ones on, wiped everything down for prints, and..."
Siciliana says: "I found some candies in the glove box!"
Siciliana says: "Who wants one?"
Gumball says: "For the love of Mike!"
Gumball says: "Will someone tell me WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "And yes, I will be having one of those candies."
Quattro says: "Once these records are destroyed, the people of Elmore will be able to live like we do!"
Siciliana says: "Freely, without the  telling them what to do!"
Two police cars pull up, sirens blaring.
Donut Sheriff says: "Step away from the vehicle!"
Quattro says: "Are you telling me what to do?!"
Quattro says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yes!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Step away!"
Quattro says: "Whatever you say..."
Quattro says: "Uncle Sam!"
Quattro puts his hands up and the car plummets down the cliff, taking the safe of records with it. It explodes behind the Pepperonis as they pose smugly, while Gumball and Darwin cower in fear. The cops watch in disbelief as records fly around them.
Donut Sheriff says: "You're under arrest!"
Two cops handcuff Quattro and Siciliana. Peter looks down, defeated, until he gets an idea.
Peter says: "Officers!"
Peter says: "But understand that is not the deed, or even the doer that is."
Peter says: "For was Benjamin Washington Abrams, who liberty said that they do but do not sometimes!"
Peter says: "And if so, two in the bush, and one left free stone."
Peter says: "So I ask, please."
Quattro and Siciliana smile at each other.
Peter says: "My old lady, we found it's not them."
Peter says: "It was society's."
Peter says: "And no independences."
Peter says: "But, for America!!"
French Fry Cop says: "I don't know what he's saying..."
French Fry Cop says: "but it's beautiful!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yeah..."
Donut Sheriff says: "And I'll be jiggered if I'm writin' all that down for evidence, so you're off the hook!"
Quattro says: "What on the flat earth is the internet?!"
Siciliana says: "What on the flat earth is the internet?!"
Quattro says: "!"
Siciliana says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'll let Peter explain."
Peter says: "Well, the intersna—"