The Living Room.
Gumball is lying on the couch reading a comic book. Richard approaches with a sly smile and clears his throat.
Gumball says: "What?"
Richard says: "Remember your last birthday present?"
Gumball says: "How can I forget?"
Gumball says: "My present was an IOU."
Richard says: "Well, I'm afraid I'm gonna need that back."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball holds out the IOU, which Richard takes and rips in half.
Richard says: "Because..."
Gumball says: "Did you buy it from the back of that van?"
Richard says: "Yeah, the Awesome Store."
Richard says: "What's the problem?"
Richard says: "Everything we have is a knock-off."
Richard says: "Our TV?"
Richard says: "It's a Soppy."
Richard says: "Only two letters different, but that never stopped you from watching it."
Richard says: "Your superhero, Badman, he's a knock-off too."
Richard says: "But you love his morally dubious adventures."
Richard says: "Even our doctor only has a doctorate in fine arts,  but he did a great job on my appendix scar."
Gumball says: "Okay, thungs."
Richard says: "What?"
Gumball says: "That's knock-off for thanks."
The console turns on as it makes a "ping!" sound.
Gumball says: ""Inverted Paradox: The Enemy Within?"
Gumball says: ""  JRPG titles never make sense; they're just random words thrown together."
Gumball says: "The fashion equivalent would be wearing a Hawaiian shirt, ski boots and a top hat."
Gumball says: "Actually that does explain how the characters normally look."
Gumball struggles to operate the console.
Gumball says: "Dad, your console's not working!"
Gumball says: ""Go to bathroom, attic, bedroom"?"
Gumball presses the 'bedroom' button, and the entire scene starts to fade to black as he screams repeatedly, then he teleports to his bedroom.
The Bedroom.
Gumball says: "Dude, what is going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "There you are!"
Darwin says: "Sorry, I forgot your name."
The screen shows a name selector.
Gumball says: "Please enter name?"
Gumball says: "Awesome!"
Gumball types in a name.
Darwin says: "Please, MYBUTT, tell me what is going on."
Gumball snickers as Darwin and Anais talk to each other.
Anais walks in.
Anais says: "A foul curse has been released upon our town by MYBUTT."
Darwin says: "You mean the gates of doom were opened by MYBUTT?"
Anais says: "The fabric of the universe was ripped apart by MYBUTT."
Darwin says: "MYBUTT has made quite a mess."
Gumball begins laughing hysterically.
Gumball says: "Surely this is gonna get old at some point."
Darwin says: "Here's some healing ointment to help MYBUTT in the heat of battle!"
Gumball says: "Nope."
Voice says: ""Anais and Darwin have joined your team"."
Ping! The screen shows that Gumball has received the bottle of healing ointment.
Outside.
Darwin says: "Oh no, the path is blocked by an awkwardly placed shrub!"
Darwin says: "And we're apparently too stupid to walk on the lawn."
Gumball selects an axe from the console.
Voice says: ""MYBUTT uses AXE."
Voice says: "It is ineffective"."
Gumball selects a saw.
Voice says: ""MYBUTT uses SAW."
Voice says: "It is ineffective"."
Gumball says: "Can MYBUTT just use common sense and walk around it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Voice says: ""MYBUTT uses SARCASM."
Voice says: "It is ineffective"."
Gumball says: "Argh!"
Screen spins and reveals a hideous flower monster. It sends leaves toward Gumball.
Gumball says: "Pfft, I'm pretty sure I can handle a few le—"
Voice says: "MYBUTT receives CRITICAL damage."
Gumball snickers.
Anais says: "A leaf monster would be susceptible to fire attacks."
Gumball says: "Yes, I think most things are susceptible to fire attacks."
Anais rises with powers; dramatically pours chemical from test tube to test tube and then throws it at the flower monster, defeating it.
All says: "Woah!"
All says: "Yeah!"
All says: "Awesome!"
Darwin says: "We did it!"
The Watterson kids pose in victory.
Gumball, Darwin and Anais walk towards the path and seemingly out of nowhere, Leslie appears behind them.
Darwin says: "Leslie?"
Darwin says: "What happened to you?"
Leslie says: "I bought some fertilizer from THE AWESOME STORE."
Leslie says: "I went home after visiting THE AWESOME STORE and used the fertilizer I'd just bought at THE AWESOME STORE..."
Leslie says: "But who will stand up to such a dangerous enemy as..."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "We got it, we got it."
Gumball says: "The awesome store is the villain."
Leslie says: "THE AWESOME STORE..."
Darwin says: "MAKE IT STOP!"
Leslie says: "The problem is no-one knows how to find..."
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "There's no command to skip through his cutscene."
Leslie says: "THE AWESOME STORE..."
Darwin says: "DO SOMETHING!"
Gumball says: "Hold on!"
Gumball takes Darwin's dialogue box from the bottom of the screen.
Leslie says: "THE AWESO—"
Gumball proceeds to hit Leslie with the box. Leslie left unconscious and the letters in his new dialouge are now mixed up.
Anais says: "We could've just walked away."
Anais says: "But now maybe we should run."
The Watterson kids run. The scene fades to black and switches to the porch of the Robinson household.
Anais says: "What are we doing at Mr."
Anais says: "Robinson's?"
Gumball Searching through items Getting loot.
Anais says: "I think you mean looting."
Gumball No, if there are items hidden in these pots, they must be for me.
Anais says: "No, I'm pretty sure the mailman hid them there so people like you wouldn't steal them."
The Wattersons kids enter the house.
Gumball says: "No, that's how it works in RPGs."
Gumball says: "Whatever you find, you take."
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "There was no *BUDABLING* sound when you took that VHS player."
Darwin says: "Right now it just feels like you're ransacking an old man's house."
Gumball says: "I'm sure Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson doesn't mind."
Gaylord says: "Welcome to my home."
Gaylord says: "Please take whatever you need for your quest."
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna go sleep in his bed now."
A single tear slides down Mr. Robinson's smiling face. The scene transitions to the street, with Anais wearing a soldier outfit with a giant, robotic sword.
Anais says: "What's with this new outfit?"
Anais says: "Can someone explain why this gigantic sword has a trigger?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, well you did reject the alternative outfit."
Anais says: "Yeah I don't think that was age appropriate."
Gumball changes her outfit back to normal.
Gumball says: "But those leather platform boots would have given you plus five vision!"
Anais says: "How?"
Gumball says: "Well, they make you taller, don't they?"
Anais says: "Oh, that actually makes sense."
Gumball walks into Penny, equipped with a mechanical eye, who turns around and roars. Scene cuts to a battle scene.
Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Gumball says: "I can't fight my girlfriend!"
Darwin says: "You have to!"
Penny roars and is about to attack them.
Gumball says: "Uh, okay, I'll try to calm her down."
Gumball says: "Oh, how 'bout a gift?"
Gumball selects "Item." He summons the VHS player with a heart animation and throws it at her.
Gumball says: "I love you!"
VHS player hits Penny in the head, leaving her face disfigured; the battle ends. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais do the victory dance with horrified faces.
Penny says: "Here, take it."
Penny says: "It will help you in battle."
Voice says: ""Smartphone acquired."
Voice says: "You may now summon friends in battle"."
Gumball says: "Thanks Penny."
Gumball says: "Sorry about the whole disfiguring you with the VHS player thing."
Penny says: "No problem."
Penny says: "Just a scratch."
The Watterson kids walk away, but as they do, Penny and her dialogue box fall to the ground. The scene fades and cuts back to the trio.
Darwin says: "Wait, I think this person has a clue for us!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "I wonder what makes you say that."
It is shown that Alison is feeding her pigeons. Gumball commences his interaction with her by pushing a button on the console.
Alison says: "Hello."
Alison says: "I've lost my pigeons."
Alison says: "Will you help me find them?"
The screen shows a map indicating all the spots the pigeons are at.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "A super tedious side quest that preys on every gamer's weakness!"
Anais says: "Tortilla chips and sugary drinks?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "The sun?"
Gumball says: "No, the compulsive need to complete every game 100 percent."
Screen reads, "400 packs of tortilla chips, 300 cans of energy drinks LATER." Gumball, shown as an overweight nerd, enters back to Alison, letting her take the pigeons.
Voice says: ""You've earned the NO LIFE trophy"."
Gumball says: "Worth it."
Preparing for the Awesome Store.
Scene cuts to the world map.
Gumball says: "Okay, we need to find this AWESOME STORE before we all start growing anime hair."
Anais grows an anime hairstyle resembling Rizelea's.
Anais says: "But where is it?"
Gumball grows an anime hairstyle resembling Cloud Strife's.
Gumball says: "There must be a clue somewhere."
Darwin grows an anime hairstyle resembling Sephiroth's.
Darwin says: "How about that?"
Camera moves to show a building with a gold skull and a thundercloud above it.
Gumball says: "Yeah, that'll be it."
Anais says: "Wait, we can't go yet!"
Anais says: "We don't have enough XPs to fight the boss."
Gumball says: "Then, we'll do the things that make up most RPGs—"
Gumball says: "GRIND!"
Anais says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "Fighting menial enemies until we're stacked!"
Scene transitions to a battle montage involving fighting squirrels, birds, rats, butterflies, squirrels again, birds again, and a bunny, squirrel, and bird; a battle theme plays. They no longer have anime hair.
Anais says: "Hmmm."
Anais says: "We still need more XPs."
Anais says: "But there are no enemies left to fight."
They look around, and proceed to attack several residents of Elmore.
Billy says: "No, no, no—"
Billy says: "Aah!"
Victorious music plays.
Darwin says: "We're finally strong enough to take on THE AWESOME STORE!"
Darwin says: "Let's go!"
Gumball says: "Wait, don't you kinda want to hear that awesome battle music one last time?"
Battle theme plays.
Gumball says: "Do-ba-do-ba-do, do-do-do-do-do-do-do, do-ba-do-ba-do, ba-na-na-na."
Darwin says: "Do-ba-do-ba-do, do-do-do-do-do-do-do, do-ba-do-ba-do, ba-na-na-na."
Anais says: "Do-ba-do-ba-do, do-do-do-do-do-do-do, do-ba-do-ba-do, ba-na-na-na."
Scene cuts to Gumball, Darwin, and Anais about to go through the entrance of the building; menacing music plays.
Gumball says: "You guys ready?"
Gumball says: "'Cause there's no turning back."
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm."
Anais says: "Mm-hmm."
All go through.
Gumball says: "No, no, wait."
Gumball says: "I forgot to save!"
Gumball says: "I forgot to save!"
Darwin says: "It's too late!"
Darwin says: "The cut scene already started!"
Gumball says: "No, no, no—"
Gumball says: "NOOOOOOOO!"
Thunder crashes. Pipes drip, while the scene cuts to the trio walking through with worry.
Van shopkeeper says: "Welcome."
They gasp. Scene cuts to a man, showing only his eyes, opening the Awesome Store.
Van shopkeeper says: "Welcome to the end of your quest."
Van shopkeeper says: "Prepare to fight your true enemy."
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais scream terrified and abruptly attack the Awesome Store with magic powers.
Van shopkeeper says: "JEEZ LOUISE!"
Van shopkeeper says: "I was about to explain how we're allies, not enemies."
Gumball says: "Oh, uh, sorry."
Gumball says: "It's just you looked so evil, and you sold people all those cursed objects and stuff."
Van shopkeeper says: "What do they expect when they buy things from the back of a van?"
Gumball says: "Fair point."
Gumball says: "Anyway, what were you saying?"
Van shopkeeper says: "The secret is not a game."
Van shopkeeper says: "The secret to beat the game is to beat the game."
Gumball says: "Uhhhhhhh, what?"
Van shopkeeper says: "The console is the enemy."
Gumball says: "Ohh!"
Gumball says: ""Inverted Paradox: The Enemy Within."
Gumball says: "" So the name actually meant something."
Gumball says: "Makes sense, because we're playing the game in real life and the enemy is—"
Gumball says: "AAH!"
The Console.
Gumball screams; the Game Child console turns into a "boss" creature and the scene cuts to a battle. It roars.
Anais says: "How do we fight?"
Anais says: "We don't have the console anymore."
Gumball says: "We take it on, hand to hand."
Gumball says: "Hi-yah!"
He performs a karate chop, but it doesn't reach the console creature.
Anais says: "Aren't you supposed to actually hit it?"
Gumball says: "I'm not touching that with my bare hands."
Gumball says: "I don't know where its tentacles have been."
The console attacks them, causing them to have 1 HP health point left.
Anais says: "Wait, what happens in this game if we perish?"
Gumball says: "I guess we perish in the real world, too."
Gumball says: "Or worse, we'll have to restart the whole game from the beginning."
The console roars and shoots lasers that force the three to dodge them.
Darwin says: "Use the potion I gave you!"
Gumball says: "But we might need it later!"
Darwin says: "Dude, we literally only have one XP left!"
Gumball says: "Aw, fine."
Gumball says: "Yah!"
Gumball throws the potion; however, it gives the console 650 more health points.
Darwin says: "I meant, use it on us!"
Anais says: "Gumball, we still have the phone!"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Anais says: "No, we can use it to summon friends in battle!"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah, right."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "she pulls off her head and throws it at the monster, freezing it and taking out 999 health points."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "she pulls off her head and throws it at the monster, freezing it and taking out 999 health points."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "she pulls off her head and throws it at the monster, freezing it and taking out 999 health points."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Hector is summoned and uses PSYCHE!"
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Hector is summoned and uses PSYCHE!"
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Hector is summoned and uses PSYCHE!"
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: ": he is about to punch it, but instead flicks it, taking out 999 health."
family. Sarah is summoned says: ": he is about to punch it, but instead flicks it, taking out 999 health."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: ": he is about to punch it, but instead flicks it, taking out 999 health."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Banana Joe is summoned; he uses THOUSAND BLOWS: he dons a run pose, and continuously moves his arms and legs up and down, emanating multiple lasers, each taking 100 health."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Banana Joe is summoned; he uses THOUSAND BLOWS: he dons a run pose, and continuously moves his arms and legs up and down, emanating multiple lasers, each taking 100 health."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Banana Joe is summoned; he uses THOUSAND BLOWS: he dons a run pose, and continuously moves his arms and legs up and down, emanating multiple lasers, each taking 100 health."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Carrie is summoned, and she uses STOP HITTING YOURSELF: she possesses the console and hits itself numerous times, each hit taking 100 health."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Carrie is summoned, and she uses STOP HITTING YOURSELF: she possesses the console and hits itself numerous times, each hit taking 100 health."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Carrie is summoned, and she uses STOP HITTING YOURSELF: she possesses the console and hits itself numerous times, each hit taking 100 health."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Granny Jojo is summoned; she uses GIVE US A KISS: she pulls out her dentures and throws them at the console creature, and the dentures bite the monster, taking out 999 health."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Granny Jojo is summoned; she uses GIVE US A KISS: she pulls out her dentures and throws them at the console creature, and the dentures bite the monster, taking out 999 health."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Granny Jojo is summoned; she uses GIVE US A KISS: she pulls out her dentures and throws them at the console creature, and the dentures bite the monster, taking out 999 health."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Nicole is summoned; she uses I'M NOT ANGRY JUST DISAPPOINTED: she stares at it with a very stern look, surprisingly taking out 999 health."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Nicole is summoned; she uses I'M NOT ANGRY JUST DISAPPOINTED: she stares at it with a very stern look, surprisingly taking out 999 health."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Nicole is summoned; she uses I'M NOT ANGRY JUST DISAPPOINTED: she stares at it with a very stern look, surprisingly taking out 999 health."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "The camera zooms out, showing a giant Richard in the background."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "The camera zooms out, showing a giant Richard in the background."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "The camera zooms out, showing a giant Richard in the background."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Scene cuts to space, where Richard uses RING OF FIRE: he eats power and farts out a ray of light at it."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Scene cuts to space, where Richard uses RING OF FIRE: he eats power and farts out a ray of light at it."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Scene cuts to space, where Richard uses RING OF FIRE: he eats power and farts out a ray of light at it."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "Gumball presses the phone, and the console screeches as it dies."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "Gumball presses the phone, and the console screeches as it dies."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "Gumball presses the phone, and the console screeches as it dies."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "The battle ends; Gumball, Darwin, and Anais do a victory dance."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "The battle ends; Gumball, Darwin, and Anais do a victory dance."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "The battle ends; Gumball, Darwin, and Anais do a victory dance."
[Gumball dramatically dials his friends says: "The game cuts to the credits, displaying the text: INVERTED PARADOX THE ENEMY WITHIN, CREDITS: Directed by."
family. Sarah is summoned says: "The game cuts to the credits, displaying the text: INVERTED PARADOX THE ENEMY WITHIN, CREDITS: Directed by."
she uses BRAIN FREEZE says: "The game cuts to the credits, displaying the text: INVERTED PARADOX THE ENEMY WITHIN, CREDITS: Directed by."
Back to Reality.
Gumball says: "Ah, no one cares about the credits."
Gumball says: ""Congratulations, you completed the game at eighty-nine percent."
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean, eighty-nine percent?"
Gumball says: ""Do you want to start a new game?"
Darwin says: "NOOOOO—"
Anais says: "NOOOOO—"
Gumball selects "YES," and the episode abruptly ends.