At the School Cafeteria.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin eating spaghetti at the cafeteria.
Darwin says: "Like somebody already ate it!"
Darwin says: "Cause I'll be needing it any second!"
Gumball says: "Can I get this pasta to go?"
Darwin says: "Straight in the trash, that is!"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "How do you know everything I'm gonna say?"
Darwin says: "Because that's what you say every time we have pasta."
Both says: "What the what?!"
Both says: "!"
Both says: "I'm not that predictable!"
Gumball says: "Okay, predict this!"
Gumball takes a handful of spaghetti and rubs it all over his shirt while making loud noises.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "How predictable was that?"
Darwin says: "Predictable enough for me to bring you a spare sweater."
Gumball says: "Thank you though, that's very thoughtful."
Gumball takes off his sweater and puts the new one on.
Gumball says: "Right, well..."
Gumball says: "predict this!"
Gumball gets on the table, starts making a couple of weird movements, and slaps his butt repeatedly.
Gumball says: "Is this predictable?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, I see you've done this every times."
Darwin says: "It's alright, I forgive you."
Gumball says: "For what?"
Both says: "Bet ya didn't see this coming!"
Gumball tries to pinch Darwin but he blocks all of Gumball's attempts easily while eating the pasta. Gumball sighs and sobs, while Darwin wipes his mouth with a handkerchief and gives it to Gumball.
Gumball says: "I'll prove that I'm unpredictable!"
Darwin says: "I know."
Gumball sees Hot Dog Guy.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Hey, Jamie!"
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball says: "Hey, buddy!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Uh, I think you've got the wrong person."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Uh, good..."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Thanks."
Darwin gives them a confused look; Gumball looks back and makes a smiley face while Hot Dog Guy remains perplexed.
The Next Day.
Darwin and Gumball are shown walking in the hall.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Nice to see you!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Yeah!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "How you doing, bro?"
They awkwardly hug and pat each other.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Well..."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "uh."
Both of them smile awkwardly, not knowing how to respond. As they leave, Hot Dog Guy and Gumball quickly facepalm.
Darwin says: "Why did you hug him again?"
Gumball says: "I have to!"
Gumball says: "You can't 'de-hug' a person."
Gumball says: "Once you hit the hug level you gotta stay there."
Darwin says: "Predictably, you're gonna deny this is a problem and it's gonna get weird."
Gumball blows a raspberry as Darwin did previously.
The Day After.
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy bump into each other the school hall.
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "You've got this."
Gumball says: "Don't be too friendly."
Gumball says: "Just quick, professional hug."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Oh man, I hope he doesn't wanna hug again."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Hi, buddy."
Both of them hug together.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "What?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Okay..."
Both of them rhymes the tone, pat each other and ran away.
The Day After the Day After.
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are in the schoolyard walking until they bump into each other.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "My man!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Uh..."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Bring bring!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Oh!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "It's the legend phone!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Legend phone?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "What does that even mean?"
Gumball says: "Hello!"
Gumball says: "It's me."
Gumball says: "The legend!"
Gumball says: "Hahe, click."
They both hug awkwardly again.
Gumball goes sitting down on a bench next to Darwin while curling up his legs swinging up and down. Darwin then looks at him.
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "It's only once a day."
Five minutes later, Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are seen in the bathroom hugging while singing again, while Tobias climbs out of the stalls and exits the room shielding his view.
Confronting the Situation.
Gumball and Darwin are now seen by Darwin's locker.
Darwin says: "Look, if you want it to stop, you have to confront the situation."
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "I need to avoid direct confrontation."
Gumball says: "It brings me too much anxiety."
Gumball says: "I'm that kind of person."
Darwin says: "That kind of person's called a chicken."
Gumball says: "I like my version better."
Gumball looks ahead of him, where Hot Dog Guy is there talking to some friends.
Gumball says: "Oh no, he's there."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "And he keeps turning up and I—"
They start backing up and start running trying to avoid each other. Gumball hides in a mop bucket but Rocky grabs him and uses him as a mop. He knocks over Sarah and tries to hide in her locker but slams his face instead. He then hides in the janitors closet only to find out Hot Dog Guy is also there. They look at each other and gasp.
Gumball says: "He-heyyyyyy..."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Wait a minute, I keep on pretending to be friends with this guy and he doesn't even know my name."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Hot Dog Guy?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Huh, guess he does."
They both hug each other awkwardly again.
Gumball says: "So, uh, what are you doing here?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Me?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "I was just in here, uh, counting brooms."
Gumball says: "Counting brooms?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Yup, I just love counting brooms!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "In the dark?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Yea, it's more challenging that way."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Now the whole lights on I can quite clearly see that there's two brooms."
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh this guy's insane."
The bell rings up, showing that it's lunchtime.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "GOSH DARN IT!"
Gumball says: "DAGNABBIT, YOU IDIOT!"
Gumball says: "That was a double bluff!"
Awkwardness in the Cafeteria.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Hey um, what's your favorite subject?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Lunch isn't a subject."
Gumball winces and runs off.
Rocky says: "Hey!"
Rocky says: "You forgot to pay!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Ah, it's okay, I'll get this."
Gumball pivots and turns to face Hot Dog Guy, accompanied by a dramatic sting.
Rocky says: "Okay."
Rocky says: "Gumball, is this a friend of yours?"
The camera zooms in on Gumball, his face terrified, to another sting.
Gumball says: "Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man, I can't say no!"
Gumball says: "The guy's so lonely he spends his spare time counting brooms!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man, look at his desperate face!"
Rocky says: "So..."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy both sigh in unison.
Gumball says: "Yes."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Yes."
The Invitation.
Gumball and Darwin are on the bus ride heading back home. Gumball's face is jammed into the bus seat, with his butt protruding.
Darwin says: "Hiding is not gonna make it go away, and why on earth would you invite him to a sleepover?"
Gumball says: "Whoever pays for a meal gets a sleepover."
Gumball says: "It's a social contract."
Darwin says: "You're talking out of your backside, dude."
Gumball says: "At least you'll be there to support me."
Darwin says: "Nope!"
Darwin says: "Sorry!"
Darwin walks off the bus smiling, with Banana Joe following behind.
Darwin says: "I'm having a sleepover at Banana Joe's."
Darwin says: "I predicted you'd do something like this, so I thought I'd get out of the house for the evening."
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "I don't need you!"
Gumball says: "I've still got Anais!"
Anais pops out of Darwin's backpack.
Anais says: "Nope."
Anais says: "You made your bed."
Anais says: "Now you have to awkwardly lie next to a stranger in it."
Darwin says: "Bye!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball sobs and screams loudly. His butt bangs repeatedly against the rear window of the bus as it drives off.
The Sleepover.
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy are lying in a tent in the Wattersons' backyard. Hot Dog Guy is asleep, but Gumball is wide awake.
Gumball says: "I can't tell if he's asleep!"
Gumball says: "He's got no eyes!"
Gumball says: "Do I have to make conversation?"
Hot Dog Guy audibly snores.
Gumball says: "Oh, thank goodness, I can finally relax."
Gumball unzips his sleeping bag, revealing his torso to be twisted up. He undoes himself and sighs with relief. Hot Dog Guy suddenly rolls over, slapping his right hand on Gumball's chest and causing Gumball to freak out.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Hah!"
Gumball says: "I'll just move his hand, very slowly..."
Gumball breathes heavily and begins to move Hot Dog Guy's hand and reorient Hot dog Guy's body to be flat on his back. Hot Dog Guy suddenly wakes up and sees Gumball on top of him.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "What the?!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "!"
Gumball smiles awkwardly.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "OH MAN!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Okay."
Hot Dog Guy returns the smile and the two hug uncomfortably. They start to move around in the tent and awkwardly exchange "du"s.
The Next Day Again.
Darwin walks up to his school locker and starts to open. Gumball's hand quickly slams it back shut, crunching up the door in the process.
Darwin says: "Sleep well?"
Gumball says: "Not only did I not sleep; I may never sleep again."
Darwin says: "So what are you gonna do?"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna man up, and put an end to this!"
Darwin says: "You're just gonna make yourself so unlikable that he has to take responsibility for the end of the friendship, aren't you?"
Gumball is about to interrupt.
Darwin says: "But first you're gonna deny it."
Gumball pauses, groans, and storms off. He reaches the same hallway as Hot Dog Guy. The two have a brief stare-off and clench their fists. They start walking towards each other.
Gumball says: "Pssh."
Gumball says: "No dancing."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Just don't give in."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Don't give into it."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Just keep—"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "No, arms, get down!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "No, his arms!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "They're triggering mine!"
Gumball returns the awkward smile as his arms continue to rise. Hot Dog Guy, in the nick of time, holds his arm down and walks past Gumball.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Sorry, anonymous blue stranger."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "It was you or me."
Gumball collapses on the floor and starts sobbing.
Gumball says: "Well, apart from me."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "If I don't wanna be the bad guy, I'm gonna have to be the worst guy!"
One-Upmanship.
Hot Dog Guy is whistling and showering in the boys' locker room. Unbeknownst to him, Gumball is standing outside of the stall with his hand on the water heater.
Gumball says: "Careful the water's not too hot!"
Gumball cranks the heater to the coldest temperature, causing Hot Dog Guy to let out high-pitched screams.
Gumball says: "Oh, too cold?"
Hot Dog Guy walks out of the shower, having noticeably shrunk.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "It's fine."
The scene changes to the school swimming pool, where Gumball is preparing to jump off of the diving board.
Gumball says: "One..."
Gumball says: "Two..."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Have a good swim!"
Gumball, scared, accidentally gets shot from the diving board through a window.
The scene changes again to the school cafeteria, where Hot Dog Guy is in line getting lunch. Gumball darts over to his side.
Gumball says: "H-h-h-hey, buddy!"
Gumball says: "Lunch is on me this time!"
Gumball drags Hot Dog Guy to a seat and pushes a plate with a hot dog to him, causing Hot Dog Guy to gasp.
Gumball says: "Anything wrong?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "No!"
Hot Dog Guy reluctantly brings the hot dog closer to his mouth, eventually biting off a small bit from the end.
Gumball says: "How do you like it?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Dee-licious!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Mmm."
The scene changes again to the school courtyard, where Hot Dog Guy presents Gumball with a wrapped present.
Gumball says: "Aw, you really shouldn't have."
Gumball opens the box and a snake pops out and bites him, making his face swell up.
Gumball says: "Aw, thanks!"
Gumball says: "You got me a snake."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Well, I didn't want it to be lonely, so actually..."
A second snake pops out of the box and attacks Gumball, causing him to scream.
Bring It In.
The scene cuts prematurely to Gumball and Hot Dog Guy walking down the hallway, laughing with their arms joined together, when Gumball sees a fly buzzing near Hot Dog Guy's face.
Gumball says: "Oh, I got it, buddy!"
Gumball deliberately smacks Hot Dog Guy in the face with a rolled-up newspaper.
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Ha, ha!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Oh, you!"
Gumball says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Gumball says: "No, You!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Alright, ha, ha!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Bring it in!"
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy aggressively hug and bounce up and down.
Gumball says: "du-du-du-du-du!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "du-du-du-du-du!"
Hot Dog Guy starts pulling at Gumball's face.
Gumball says: "WHY WON'T YOU HATE ME?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "HATE!"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "ME!"
Gumball says: "I DON'T EVEN CARE ENOUGH TO HATE YOU!"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry, did I say that out loud?"
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Dude."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "I feel exactly the same."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "It's just that..."
Gumball says: "I didn't want to look like the bad guy."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Me neither."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "Friends?"
Gumball says: "Eh."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "I couldn't have put it better myself."
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy shake hands.
Gumball says: "And I never will."
Hot Dog Guy​ says: "You keep that promise."
Gumball says: "Forgetting you already!"
Gumball and Hot Dog Guy begin to part ways when Gumball pauses.
Gumball says: "Oh wait!"
Gumball says: "Could you do one thing for me?"
Gumball says: "From one stranger to another?"
The scene cuts to Hot dog Guy hugging Darwin on the bus as Darwin smiles awkwardly.
Gumball says: "Didn't see that one coming, did you?"
The episode ends.