Yard Sale.
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Richard are at a yard sale being hosted by the Bananas.
Gumball says: "You know what I like the most about yard sales?"
Gumball says: "It's how you get to learn a lot about people from the stuff they own."
Gumball says: "Take this, for example."
Gumball says: "Who would have thought Banana Bob was a rock star?"
Darwin takes a ski mask out of a box.
Darwin says: "What do you think he does with this ski mask?"
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "That's called a bananaclava."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "I wear it to specifically tan my lips and eyelids."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "You should totally buy it."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "People love this thing, especially the guys at the bank."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "They always put their hands in the air and start waving, and throwing money at me."
Gumball says: "What's this for?"
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "That's a toilet swing."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Stop, stop!"
Gumball says: "That was way too descriptive."
Gumball says: "Now we don't know whether to scream or throw up."
Anais says: "Hey, guys, do you have any money?"
Darwin says: "How 'bout both?"
Gumball and Darwin alternate between screaming at Anais's mask and gagging at Banana Bob's toilet swing.
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Bleh!"
Darwin says: "Bleh!"
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Bleh!"
Darwin says: "Bleh!"
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Bleh!"
Darwin says: "Bleh!"
Gumball says: "Well, that mask is still the best thing here."
Gumball says: "How much does he want for it?"
Banana Joe says: "Half a penny."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Here's a penny."
Banana Joe says: "I'm sorry, but the price is fixed."
Banana Joe says: "Half a penny."
Gumball says: "Dude, half pennies don't exist."
Gumball says: "That's like half a sentence."
Gumball says: "It doesn't make any—"
Banana Joe says: "That sentence made no sense."
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Banana Joe says: "Okay, okay, okay!"
Banana Joe says: "You drive a hard bargain."
Banana Joe says: "You can have it for half a half a penny."
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "Uh, what if I buy this painting with it?"
Gumball says: "How much then?"
Banana Joe says: "Half a dollar."
Gumball pulls out a dollar, divides a dollar, and gives Banana Joe half a dollar.
Gumball says: "All right."
Gumball says: "Whatever."
Banana Joe says: "You could have just given me fifty cents."
Gumball raises his painting, ready to strike Banana Joe.
Gumball says: "Why, you little—"
Darwin says: "Gumball, look!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Look at that."
The painting clearly depicts them in the present.
Gumball says: "What."
Darwin says: "The."
Darwin taps Anais. Anais takes off her mask.
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Eh, close enough."
Gumball says: "Dude, who painted this?"
Banana Joe says: "My mom."
They look into the house, and see a creepily smiling Banana Barbara turn around slowly.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "When did she paint this?"
Banana Joe says: "I don't know."
Banana Joe says: "All this stuff's been in the garage for years."
Anais says: "How is that possible?"
Darwin says: "That's amazing."
Banana Joe says: "And you know what's more amazing?"
Banana Joe says: "I'll let you have the whole kit and caboodle for half a seven dollar bill."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball sees another painting depicting the Watterson kids in the junkyard sneaking on Tina from "The Quest".
Gumball says: "We're in this painting, too!"
Anais says: "Ew!"
Anais says: "Is that what my head looks like from behind?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "It's like a—"
Gumball says: "Yeah, a pair of butt cheeks after liposuction."
Gumball and Darwin laugh, Anais punches them.
Anais says: "This is weird."
Anais says: "Look at the date."
Anais says: "She painted this years before it happened."
Anais uncovers another painting, this one depicting a ghost Darwin kissing Carrie during "Halloween". Darwin gasps and blushes.
Darwin says: "How could she know about that?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, you've got a bit of a reputation, my friend."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You know."
Gumball says: "You're the kind of guy who likes to take his boat out, all his sails on fire, a burger in each hand, a cape on his back, ready for Valhalla."
Darwin says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "I went too far with the metaphor and lost the plot myself."
Darwin says: "Well, at least I've got the decency to keep my clothes on."
Anais and Gumball gasp at the next painting. The painting shows Gumball naked except for a leaf in the mall, surrounded by angry citizens, policemen, a surprised Anais, an unconscious Darwin, falling raccoons, and a mannequin on an electric scooter.
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "That never happened."
Anais says: "But everything else she painted has."
Anais says: "Look!"
Anais says: "October twenty-fourth."
Gumball says: "That's impossible!"
Gumball says: "That's today!"
The camera zooms in and out on Gumball in a Kill Bill-esque style. Turns out that it's Richard playing around with a pair of binoculars.
Richard says: "Ooh, wee, ooh."
Richard says: "Hey, Bob, How much for the binoculars?!"
Richard says: "!"
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Five dollars."
Richard says: "You've got a deal!"
Richard lowers the money to the ground.
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "Just a second."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Let me give you a hand there."
Richard takes out his credit card, but accidentally hits Banana Bob.
Richard says: "I'll just pay by card."
Richard says: "Bob!"
An ambulance arrives. Nurses put Banana Bob on a stretcher, and put him in the ambulance.
Donut Sheriff says: "Who's responsible for this?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Richard screams, and breaks the fence while fleeing.
At the Wattersons' House.
Gumball says: "I always thought I was gonna have fifteen minutes of fame, not fifteen years of shame."
Anais says: "Gumball, just because Banana Barbara can paint the future doesn't mean you can't change it."
Anais says: "You're the master of your own destiny."
Gumball says: "By sitting here and doing nothing."
Darwin makes a few faces, trying to comprehend Gumball's decision.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "And here we go."
Darwin says: "Because if you don't go to the mall, you can't be naked at the mall!"
Gumball says: "There it is."
Gumball says: "Well done."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna stay here and not move a muscle."
Anais says: "Good move, Gumball."
Anais says: "Sometimes it's better to miss an opportunity rather than invite disaster."
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah, because if he—"
Anais takes Darwin by his arm, and drags him downstairs.
Gumball stays still for a short time before his tail starts moving. Soon, his legs then arms start moving. A shaky and wildly moving Gumball goes down to the kitchen, grabs a pan, and sits with his siblings at the couch.
Anais says: "I thought you weren't gonna move a muscle."
Gumball says: "I'm twelve!"
Gumball says: "I've got too much energy!"
Gumball says: "If I sit still for ten seconds, this is what happens!"
Gumball says: "I need to be restrained!"
Gumball says: "Dude, knock me out!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I'm not hitting you!"
Gumball says: "Please!"
Gumball says: "Do it for me!"
Darwin says: "So, it would be like an act of love?"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Here it comes."
Darwin hits Gumball's head lightly with the pan.
Gumball says: "Come on, man."
Gumball says: "What are you, vegan?"
Gumball says: "Just bring it."
Darwin hits Gumball's head a little bit harder with the pan.
Gumball says: "That was exactly hard enough to hurt as much as possible without knocking me out."
Gumball says: "You couldn't have done it worse."
Gumball says: "Just try again."
Gumball says: "Remember, it's all in the hips."
Gumball says: "Twist and strike."
Gumball says: "Twist—"
Darwin hits Gumball's head very hard with the pan. And Gumball's head's shape changes.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Why am I not unconscious yet?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "You need your brain to touch your skull in order to pass out."
Gumball says: "Are you saying I've got a small brain?"
Anais says: "Yes, but I'm also saying you have a massive, clinically oversized, monumental head."
Gumball says: "Anyway, none of this matters as long as I don't end up at that stupid mall."
Nicole says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Nicole says: "The mall!"
Nicole says: "We need to buy you new clothes, Gumball."
Nicole says: "Thanks for reminding me."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Why do I need new clothes?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Well, you've been wearing that sweater constantly for the past three years."
Gumball says: "I can't take it off!"
Gumball says: "It doesn't go over my head!"
Nicole says: "Come on, guys."
Nicole says: "Get in the car."
Nicole says: "It's nice and early."
Nicole says: "The mall will be quiet."
Gumball says: "No!"
Nicole's eyes blaze out.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Darwin exits the house, and finds Gumball wildly rummaging through the car's engine, throwing random pieces of machinery out.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "No car, no mall, my friend."
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Nicole get in. Nicole tries to start the car, but it does not. After Gumball winks at Darwin, the car starts up, engine roaring.
Nicole says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo!"
Nicole says: "It's never been this powerful before!"
Nicole says: "It's like the engine's been souped up!"
Nicole says: "Let's see if she's any faster!"
Nicole drives the car in circles before heading down the road. The car's license plate falls off twirling on the ground, before falling flat on the road. The car drives so fast it makes the sound of a jet.
Expressway.
Gumball says: "I've got a bad feeling about this."
Nicole says: "Don't be silly."
Nicole says: "Just relax."
Nicole turns on the car radio.
Radio Channel 1 says: "Are you worried about your future?"
Nicole changes stations.
Radio Channel 2 says: "Cause today you will reveal yourself."
Nicole changes stations.
Radio Channel 3 says: "In front of the biggest televised audience ever!"
Gumball says: "Turn it off!"
Gumball says: "Turn it off!"
Anais says: "Oh, come on."
Anais says: "Not everything's about you."
Darwin says: "Maybe that sign is a sign that it is."
They pass by a sign covered with different advertisements. Together, they make up the message "Always watching Gumball".
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "I'm out of here!"
Gumball gets out of the car, only to fall on the ground of the parking lot.
Gumball says: "We're here already!"
Anais says: "Why don't you ask Mom to take you to another store?"
Gumball says: "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!"
Gumball kisses Anais a few times.
Gumball says: "Mom, I was thinkin' about the planet and how we should stop buyin' things from the mall because they, like, pollute, and profit, and uh bad."
Gumball says: "Why don't we go to the thrift shop?"
Gumball says: "Sure, the t-shirt smell of ten other people, but maybe Mother Earth will suffer a little less."
Nicole says: "Ugh!"
Nicole says: "All right!"
Nicole says: "Can you please stop pretending and tell me why you don't want to go to the mall?"
Gumball says: "Because Banana Barbara can paint the future, and I'm gonna end up naked on national TV!"
Nicole says: "Apparently, you're not meant to crush your kid's imagination, so I'm just gonna let that slide."
Nicole says: "Let's go home."
Nicole restarts the engine, but it launches itself into the sky.
Nicole says: "Now, that's a serious manufacturing defect."
Nicole says: "Well, there's a car dealer in the mall."
Nicole says: "Let's go in."
Gumball says: "We can stay in the car while you go in!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "You should never leave kids in cars!"
Gumball says: "We'll be fine!"
Nicole says: "I'm not worried about you."
Nicole says: "I'm worried about other parents judging me."
An Inevitable Fate at Elmore Mall.
While they walk to the mall, Gumball looks around nervously. He sees Marvin on his scooter, and remembers that the scooter appears in the painting. He looks away only to see Billy with a balloon, remembering that he also appears in the artwork. He looks away again, and is relieved when he sees nothing. Then the leaf turns around and reveals itself, making Gumball remember that the leaf was in the painting, covering him. At this, Gumball slows down in fear.
Nicole says: "Gumball, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Just tying my shoelaces!"
Nicole says: "Wait."
Nicole says: "You don't wear shoes."
Gumball shows his tied up toes.
Nicole says: "Right, whatever."
Gumball grabs a nearby phone.
Gumball says: "Hello, police?"
Gumball says: "You need to close the mall."
Donut Sheriff says: "Really?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Something terrible is going to happen there."
Donut Sheriff says: "This is a hoax call, isn't it?"
Gumball says: "How do you know?"
Doughnut Sheriff is seen standing by Gumball's side.
Donut Sheriff says: "'Cause I'm right next to you, kid, and for the record, you actually need to dial before you get through."
Gumball drops the phone, and because of his toes, runs away with some difficulty. He quickly unties them and catches up with his family.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey, wait!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Come back here, you hoaxer!"
Anais says: "What have you done?"
Anais says: "Why are the police already after you?"
Gumball says: "Well, it doesn't matter!"
Gumball says: "We just need a diversion!"
Gumball says: "There's a prize for the millionth customer at the mall!"
Darwin says: "What are you doi—"
A crowd of citizens overruns them.
Mike says: "Crowds are flocking to the Elmore Mall today as the millionth customer is to win some kind of promotional prize for pushing a shopping cart."
Mike says: "You are watching Channel Six News, where we make a lot of news about nothing."
Mike says: "Lunch, anyone?"
The crowd enters the mall, and leaves behind Gumball, Darwin, and Anais.
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "This couldn't have gone any worse!"
Gumball says: "But it's okay!"
Gumball says: "I've got a plan!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna—"
Anais says: "No, enough now!"
Anais says: "Every single action you've taken so far has led to this."
Anais says: "Just do nothing!"
Anais says: "We'll help."
Gumball says: "How?"
Darwin says: "With this strike!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "I thought it was worth another shot."
Gumball says: "Look, I'm just gonna—"
Anais says: "No!"
Darwin and Anais put Gumball on a bench.
Anais says: "You're going nowhere until Mom comes back!"
They sit, and Gumball nervously sits still. Then he hears an ominous sound.
Gumball says: "It's coming!"
Gumball says: "I know something's coming!"
Gumball says: "Can you hear the scary music?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's scary!"
Gumball tries to run, but Anais and Darwin grab him.
Anais says: "Gumball, chill out!"
Anais says: "It's not music."
Anais says: "It's just the Dad Bench."
Dads are shown, repeatedly swaying exasperatedly some banging their heads while waiting for their wives shopping.
Anais says: "They're moaning 'cause they've been dragged to the mall."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but, still, they're all in the painting!"
Gumball says: "I've got to get out of here!"
Gumball trips, and causes Billy to let go of his balloon.
Billy says: "Mother, my balloon!"
The balloon flies into an open vent, and pops, breaking the Mall's A.C. unit.
Anais says: "Oh, good job."
Anais says: "You broke the A."
Anais says: "C."
Anais says: "Now the air's made of a million people's breath."
Anais says: "Oh, man."
Anais says: "It's really hot."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "I'm burning up."
Darwin says: "I'm fine."
Anais says: "That's because you don't wear clothes."
Darwin says: "Then take your sweater off."
Gumball says: "Good idea."
Anais says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "You're keeping your clothes on!"
The Hexagon Lady walks by with a cup of hot drink.
Gumball says: "Aaaah!"
Gumball says: "That was coffee!"
Gumball says: "It's burning!"
Gumball says: "It soaked into my pants!"
Gumball says: "Get 'em off me!"
Gumball says: "Get 'em off!"
Anais says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Keep your clothes on!"
Gumball says: "Well, if I can't do anything, you do something!"
Darwin says: "Hold on!"
Darwin begins blowing Gumball, then accidentally sucks in Gumball's tail.
Gumball says: "You're blowing hot air, it's making it worse!"
Darwin says: "Then what am I supposed to do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "Inhale?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin inhales continuously.
Gumball says: "Ahh."
Gumball says: "That's better."
Gumball says: "Keep going."
Marvin passes by on his electric scooter.
Marvin says: "I don't know what you're doing, but you should be ashamed of it."
His scooter crashes him into a store, knocking down a mannequin. It enters the store filled with a line of eager customers, and Larry at the counter.
Larry says: "Listen, there is no—"
They watch the mannequin enter the storage room.
Larry says: "There is no prize for the millionth customer!"
Alison says: "But the blue kid—"
Alison says: "The blue kid out front said there was."
Larry says: "Which kid?"
Alison says: "That one next to the weird orange talking blob."
Felicity says: "I beg your pardon!"
Alison says: "No, not you, punchbag."
Alison says: "The kid with the fish inhaling his butt."
Darwin inhales and inflates, then passes out.
Anais says: "Darwin!"
Gumball sees Anais hold Darwin the exact way she is seen holding him in the painting. The scooter with the mannequin passes by, a hanger catching hold of his pant leg.
Gumball says: "A-Anais!"
Gumball says: "The mobility scooter!"
Anais says: "Gumball, don't move!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "It's got my pants!"
Anais says: "Fight it!"
Gumball pulls his leg away, and it accidentally hits Darwin.
Gumball says: "Alright, destiny!"
Gumball says: "If I have to be humiliated on national TV, it's going to be on my terms!"
He rips off his sweater, and reveals another red one underneath.
Anais says: "What the..."
Anais says: "?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I took extra precautions."
Anais says: "But there's no need!"
Anais says: "The painting hasn't come true yet!"
Anais says: "There's no angry mob, no police, no camera crew!"
Alison says: "That kid played us for fools!"
Larry says: "Let's get him!"
They rush at Gumball.
Donut Sheriff says: "The hoax caller!"
One of them blows a whistle, and they too rush at Gumball.
Ken says: "Hey!"
Ken says: "It looks like a fight started!"
Mike says: "That's actually news, Ken!"
Mike says: "Film it!"
They run with the crowds rushing at Gumball.
Anais says: "Well, at least it's not raining raccoons."
The engine from a while ago lands in an alley filled with raccoons, and starts launching them up to the sky. They crash through the skylight and fall into the mall.
Anais says: "I'm kind of running out of arguments here."
Gumball rips off his sweater. As the masses come nearer, he rips off his pants and underwear. The scene slows down. Anais quickly takes the leaf person, and uses it to cover Gumball. The scene ends just like it was depicted in Banana Barbara's painting. Then it is seen on TV.
Back at Home.
News Reporter says: "So, there might not have been a millionth customer winner, but there was a big loser."
The TV is switched off. Gumball is sitting with Nicole, Anais, and Darwin on the couch.
Gumball says: "How could I let this happen?"
Anais says: "You didn't, Gumball."
Anais says: "You made it happen."
Gumball says: "But how could Banana Barbara have known?"
Anais says: "The real question is, would any of this have happened if we hadn't seen the painting?"
The camera zooms in and out on them, and it turns out to be Richard with his pair of binoculars again. This time, looking at the kids from outside, through the living room window.
Richard says: "Wee, ooh."
Nicole says: "Yeah."
Nicole says: "Richard, stop that now, please."
He dejectedly puts them down. Back at the Banana's home, Banana Barbara paints another painting, this time one depicting the Wattersons in the Void. Then she stops, and turns eerily to the camera. The episode ends with her smiling.