Let's Drop Out!
Gumball and Darwin are shown walking in the convenient store at TDM Gas.
Gumball says: "I say we ditch school today."
Gumball says: "They've already taught us the three key things we need to know—"
Gumball says: "how to do the grammaring of words good and how to count."
Darwin says: "I don't know, man."
Darwin says: "I feel like we still need math."
Darwin says: "Like, say you've got twenty dollars and you wanna buy three two-dollar candy bars."
Darwin says: "How much money do you give Larry?"
Larry says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, sorry, but Newton's first law of physics—"
Gumball says: "what goes up, uh, stays in Vegas."
Larry says: "Isaac Newton would be spinning in his grave, but gravity won't let him."
Larry says: "Personally, guys, I think you should go to class."
Larry says: "Look at me!"
Larry says: "Nothing good comes out of ditching school."
Gumball says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "You spend all day doing small jobs with no expectations whatsoever!"
Gumball says: "You're living the dream, Larry."
Larry says: "Given how little I sleep, that's more true than I wish it was."
Gumball says: "Trust me, man, school is way worse."
Gumball says: "Last summer, we only had six weeks off instead of eight."
Darwin says: "Then, it was straight back to the everyday grind, the old nine-to-three!"
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "Ugh."
Larry says: "What about college?"
Larry says: "I hear it's pretty fun!"
Gumball says: "What's the point of college?"
Gumball says: "Sure, you discover yourself, but it turns out that yourself is someone with a hundred dollars of debt and a didgeridoo."
Larry says: "But what would you do for money?"
Gumball says: "Same thing that graduates do—"
Gumball says: "take some job as a bag boy at the local supermarket or something."
Larry says: "Hmm, fair enough."
Larry says: "Hey, could you fill in for me while I take five?"
Larry says: "My doctor says if I don't take a break at least once a year, my heart might stop from exhaustion."
Gumball says: "Hey, go for it, man!"
Gumball says: "Take longer if you want."
Larry says: "My doctor says if I take longer than five minutes, the drop in adrenaline could stop my heart."
Gumball and Darwin, in uniform, laugh behind Larry's counter, scanning items.
Larry says: "Can I trust you with this?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I don't know."
Gumball says: "I mean, it looks really hard."
Gumball says: "Let me fully shut down my brain."
Darwin laughs.
Gumball says: "Am I doing this right?"
Gumball says: "More gawping?"
Darwin says: "No stress."
Darwin says: "We got you, dude."
Larry says: "Eh."
Larry's Schedule.
Gumball says: "Okay, we just follow this timetable to the last letter."
Gumball and Darwin, panting, follow the extremely long schedule which happens to extend over a train crossing.
Darwin says: "I think that's it—"
A train passing by has a continuation of the same list, and Gumball and Darwin groan. At Joyful Burger, a printer prints the end of the list by the time they get there.
Gumball says: "Ah, there it is."
Gumball says: "So, what do we do?"
Darwin says: "What it said on the timetable."
Darwin says: "Didn't you read it?"
Gumball says: "I didn't say I'd read it."
Gumball says: "I said I'd follow it to the last letter."
Darwin says: "R!"
Gumball looks to the list, which says "327. LOCK DOOR".
Gumball says: "Oh, good guess."
Harold​​​​​ says: "Can I finally get some service here?"
Gumball and Darwin pop up at the cashier counter.
Harold​​​​​ says: "I purchased this so-called bottomless cup of soda not ten minutes ago, and yet, I was barely out of the door when I discovered THIS!"
Gumball says: "But there's nothing wrong with your cup."
Harold​​​​​ says: "Are you trying to deny my consumer right to make bogus complaints to get free stuff?"
Darwin says: "Of course not, sir."
Darwin says: "Bottomless means you can just refill the cup as much as you like."
Harold​​​​​ says: "Oh, really?"
Harold​​​​​ says: "Then I suggest you have a chat with my little friend,  WEBSTER!"
Harold​​​​​ says: "He's a dictionary salesman, got me a good discount on this one."
Harold​​​​​ says: "A-HA!"
Harold​​​​​ says: "Bottomless, adjective—"
Harold​​​​​ says: "without a bottom!"
Harold​​​​​ says: "I think this deserves a gesture of good will."
Gumball says: "As you wish, sir."
Woman says: "A little help, please."
Lost and Found.
Gumball and Darwin change their uniforms and pop up at the customer service counter, in front of an old woman.
Darwin says: "Are you okay, ma'am?"
Woman says: "I've lost my little Timmy."
Woman says: "Can you help me to find him?"
Darwin says: "Sure, what does he look like?"
Woman says: "He's five-ten, about two hundred pounds, red hair, a mustache."
Darwin says: "Okay, when was the last time you saw Little Timmy?"
Woman says: "Nineteen seventy-five."
Darwin says: "You meant here in the store?"
Woman says: "No, in New Jersey."
Darwin looks at her perplexed.
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, madam, but—"
Woman says: "Can you call him on the PA, please?"
Darwin says: "But how could he possibly—"
Woman says: "Can you call him, please?"
Gumball and Darwin look each other in sadness.
Gumball says: "Uh, could little Timmy come to the counter, please?"
Woman says: "You've gotta sing his song if you want him to come."
Gumball says: "But of course..."
Gumball says: "H-how does the song go?"
The scene shows Gumball's song horrifying the customers.
Mama's proud boy, his belly is swollen.
Slathered in butter until it turns golden.
Darwin says: "I'm really sorry, madam, but I don't think little Timmy is going to—"
Little Timmy says: "MAMA!!!"
Woman says: "Timmy!"
Woman says: "Oh!"
Both Timmy and the woman hug each other and then flick each other's lips and flutter their tongues while Gumball and Darwin stare at them disgusted.
Gumball says: "Okay, anything else we can do to you?"
Woman says: "Yes, my baby's hungry."
Woman says: "I would like to purchase a cloth sack, a baseball bat, and a possum."
Gumball says: "Of course, so just walk straight out of the mall, turn left, go to the police precinct, and ask the same question there."
Gumball says: "They'll give you exactly what you need."
Woman says: "Thank you."
Woman says: "Here's a tip for your trouble."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Felicity says: "Waiter!"
The Window.
In a restaurant, Gumball and Darwin attend to Felicity as waiters.
Gumball says: "Yes, ma'am?"
Darwin says: "Yes, ma'am?"
Felicity says: "I would like to be moved closer to the window, please."
Darwin says: "Sure!"
Darwin says: "Please change seats."
Felicity says: "I said I would like to be moved closer to the window."
Gumball and Darwin grunt, pushing Felicity's chair.
Felicity says: "A little closer, please."
They push Felicity's chair closer, causing her to squeeze against the window.
Felicity says: "I said, closer."
They push further and her face turns red.
Felicity says: "Closer."
Gumball says: "Is this close enough, ma'am?"
Felicity says: "I said—"
The glass window shatters and Felicity falls through.
Felicity says: "The view is terrible!"
Gumball and Darwin sigh, and a bank alarm goes off in the background. They gasp.
Bank Robbery.
Gumball and Darwin attend the bank as tellers. The Dolphin Man, heavily breathing, comes up front.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh, what the what is going on here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Teller says: "This your first time dealing with a stick-up?"
Teller says: "Don't worry."
Teller says: "Everything will be fine."
Teller says: "Just follow the procedure."
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Teller says: "What are you doing?"
Teller says: "He's not robbing us."
Teller says: "We're the bank."
Teller says: "It's our job to rob him!"
Gumball says: "Oh, right, uh, okay."
Gumball says: "Drop your mortgage in the bag!"
Dolphin Man says: "Please, I have children!"
Gumball says: "Good to know."
Gumball says: "We'll come for them next!"
Dolphin Man says: "Yes, yes, yes."
The dolphin man puts his wallet in the bag, but Gumball grabs his arm.
Gumball says: "That's a pretty watch!"
Dolphin Man says: "No, please!"
Dolphin Man says: "It belonged to my grandpa!"
Gumball closes up to the dolphin man's face.
Gumball says: "You want to try me?"
Gumball says: "I'll drop your credit score so low you won't even be able to get a loan at the library, punk!"
Dolphin Man says: "Well, at least I'm leaving with my dignity."
Gumball says: "No, we'll have that too."
Gumball says: "Your pants—"
Gumball says: "put 'em in the bag."
Dolphin Man puts his pants in the bag and hurries away in tears.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "I feel dirtier than a rat who joined law enforcement, but actually had family connections to the mob and was turning police evidence over to the gangsters."
Darwin says: "You mean like a rat who was a rat."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I guess that's a better way of saying it."
Teller says: "Boys, I am very disappointed in you."
Teller says: "You forgot to sell him a payday loan at a thousand percent interest."
Gumball and Darwin shudder.
Gumball says: "Disgusting."
Mister Small​ says: "This is unacceptable!"
Pet Store.
The scene begins with Mr. Small in the pet store. Gumball and Darwin walk onscreen with new uniforms on yet again.
Gumball says: "What seems to be the problem, sir?"
Mister Small​ says: "This place is a scandal."
Mister Small​ says: "All of Mother Nature's creatures deserve to be free."
Mister Small​ says: "Run, my eight-legged brothers!"
Mister Small​ says: "Ah, ah, ah!"
Mister Small​ says: "Maybe these little guys will be more grateful."
The dogs and all the other animals attack him and leave.
Darwin says: "Well, I hope that was worth it."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Yes, because they're all free!"
Gumball says: "No, they're not."
Gumball says: "They were twelve thousand dollars."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Do you have a return policy?"
Gumball says: "Yep, you bring them to the store and get your money back."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Glad I didn't pay upfront!"
Gumball and Darwin sigh as a phone is ringing in the background.
Order Up!
Gumball and Darwin pop up as cashiers at Fervidus Pizza.
Gumball says: "Fervidus Pizza, may I take your order?"
Gumball says: "Sure, one pepperoni pizza coming up!"
Gumball and Darwin end up delivering the pizza in the middle of the desert.
Darwin says: "Are you sure this is the right address?"
Gumball picks up a ringing cellphone.
Pilot says: "Good afternoon."
Pilot says: "I'm on my way."
Pilot says: "Can you hold up your hand, please?"
Gumball says: "Sure."
Gumball says: "Uh, Darwin, raise your hand so she can see us."
Darwin raises his hand.
Pilot says: "No, your other hand, the one holding the pizza."
Darwin shrugs and holds up his other hand. A plane comes, causing Gumball and Darwin to scream. The dust settles and the pizza is gone, having been taken by the pilot of the plane. Gumball and Darwin cough. Darwin sits on the ground and rocks back and forth, shaken up by what had just happened.
Pilot says: "Thanks."
Pilot says: "I'm a pilot, you see, but I hate airplane food."
Gumball says: "Wait, what about the money?"
Pilot says: "I just dropped it off."
Gumball says: "Where?"
Pilot says: "Somewhere over Reno."
Pilot says: "Over and out."
Darwin says: "So it turns out that wearing a store uniform is the grown-up version of having a sign on your back that says "kick me."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I think the sign would say something ruder than that."
Black Friday Terror.
Yelling and banging can be heard through the supermarket entrance.
Man says: "Let us in!"
Man says: "It's nine a."
Man says: "m."
Man says: "!"
Darwin says: "Dude, what's today's date?"
Gumball says: "Friday, November twenty-fourth."
Gumball says: "The Black Friday sales!"
All says: "Sale!"
All says: "Sale!"
All says: "Sale!"
All says: "Sale!"
Gumball says: "What's our motto, soldier?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Semper satisfy, sir!!"
The mob year through the gates, start to flood the supermarket and cause complete chaos. Gumball cries in terror.
Gumball says: "War is sales."
In the Hall of the Shopping Slaves.
A register rings. Gumball and Darwin serve as cashiers at the TDM Gas convenience store, with a cowboy nearby.
Darwin says: "Okay, that's one full tank of gas."
Darwin says: "Is there anything else, sir?"
Cowboy says: "Yeah, I'd like the keys to your restroom, please."
Hall of the Mountain King starts to play. Gumball, after cleaning the bathroom, sticks a sign not allowing handstands on the toilet. Darwin, a delivery boy, rings the doorbell, carrying a box.
Darwin says: ""If no one answers, leave in safe place."
Darwin says: "Go around the back, climb the ladder, cross the road, jimmy the window open, crawl in the room, and leave the package."
Darwin climbs through the window to find an immobile Melted Cheese Guy.
Darwin says: "Oh, can I have a signature, please?"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Eh."
Darwin says: "Oh, right, okay."
Darwin says: "Are you sure you're not taking this too far?"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Your website says once you click, you don't have to lift a finger again."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Now open the box and take out the nail clippers."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "I ain't lifting a toe either."
Gumball sticks a sign preventing planking on the toilet seat. He and Darwin then open up a theater room to find popcorn everywhere.
Gumball says: "Like how?!"
Gumball says: "!"
A flashback reveals an Ice Cream Guy throwing a popcorn kernel in his mouth to impress his lover.
Ice Cream Guy says: "Hmm?"
The Ice Cream Girl giggles. All the other men try to throw their entire popcorn basket to impress their lovers.
Julius says: "Hmm?"
Patrick says: "Hmm?"
Mr. Verde says: "Hmm?"
Jeff says: "Hmm?"
Quattro says: "Hmm?"
Harold​​​​​​​​​ says: "Hmm?"
Cowboy says: "Hmm?"
Gumball sticks a sign on the bathroom door, preventing jetpack usage on the toilet. Cuts to Gumball and Darwin working at the Bobert store.
Darwin says: "Oh, this one's not so hard."
Gumball says: "Yeah, the robots do all the work."
Goblin says: "Exactly."
Goblin says: "That's why we don't need you anymore."
Gumball and Darwin sigh. Darwin exits out of an operating theater in the hospital, he then wipes out his pupils amd faints. Gumball sticks a sign on the bathroom door, preventing cows on the toilet. A montage shows all the different jobs Gumball and Darwin endure through. Larry enters the convenience store.
Larry says: "Uh, guys?"
Gumball jumps on Larry from behind the counter grabbing him by the shirt.
Gumball says: "What the what, Larry?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You—"
Gumball says: "you said you'd be gone for five minutes."
Larry says: "It was five minutes."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "We had time to grow crow's feet!"
Gumball and Darwin show Larry their wrinkled faces.
Larry says: "Oh!"
Larry says: "You thought wrinkles were caused by aging!"
Larry says: "No, kids, it's from your face contorting from the pain of knowing you're selling the majority of your time on Earth for seven dollars an hour."
Gumball says: "Larry, how do you do this day in, day out?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Larry says: "I find that the low-level terror of not being able to pay my rent is a great motivator."
Larry says: "You see, if I had stayed at school, I'd have a well-paid job, and then it wouldn't be so hard for me to buy the things everyone wants in life—"
Larry says: "a cool car, a nice condo, a big TV, designer clothes, the latest phone, a second TV for the bedroom..."
Darwin says: "Ah, I see what you did there, Larry."
Darwin says: "You got us to try your jobs to teach us a lesson."
Larry says: "Maybe."
Larry says: "And what was the lesson?"
Gumball says: "That we should go to school because we need to learn more in order to find jobs that fulfill our souls so we don't have to waste our lives running after money in order to buy pointless stuff to fill the gaping holes of our existential dread, like you do!"
Larry says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Thanks, Larry!"
Gumball and Darwin exit the store.
Larry says: "Yeah."
Larry says: "Right."
Larry says: "Okay."
Larry says: "Good."
The episode ends.