Chocolate.
The Wattersons are at Elmore Shopping. The kids keep pestering Nicole, who is pushing a cart full of groceries.
Anais says: "Mom, instead of milk, can we have chocolate milk?"
Nicole says: "No."
Darwin says: "Instead of eggs, can we have chocolate eggs?"
Nicole says: "No."
Gumball says: "Instead of bread, can we have chocolate bread?"
Nicole says: "No."
Nicole says: "Richard, can I get a little help here, please?"
Richard says: "Sure."
Richard says: "stop bothering your mother and eat this chocolate."
Nicole groans and swiftly kicks the chocolate bar out of Richard's hand.
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well what's the point in dragging us here if we're not getting some kind of treat?"
Nicole says: "Because we're having a nice family outing and that should be reward enough."
Gumball starts to whimper.
Nicole says: "Don't you dare."
Gumball says: "I WANT THAT CHOCOLATE!"
Nicole sighs, and just as Darwin and Anais copy Gumball, Richard starts screaming. Gary walks by and gives Nicole a judgmental stare.
Nicole says: "Now all the little sausages are punished and going to have to wait in the car."
Huggy Bites.
The kids wait in the car furiously.
Darwin says: "This is the face she's gonna get when she comes back."
Gumball says: "Eh, pretty good, but this is how you do a sulky face."
Gumball says: "It's all in the detail."
Darwin says: "Eh, it would be better if it throbbed."
Gumball says: "No problem."
Anais says: "I can't believe  we've wasted a day at the mall without getting anything."
Darwin says: "You know what we should do?"
Darwin says: "We should make full-sized paper models of ourselves, set the car on fire, and push it off a cliff to teach Mom a lesson."
Gumball says: "Uh, I think I have a better, less horrific idea."
We now see some people shopping inside the store.
Gumball On microphone Customer announcement! As support for our campaign, Huggy Bites are offering a life-time supply of jelly beans for the first to mega-hug the blue lady in aisle three.
Nicole says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Huggy Bites."
Gumball says: "More love than you can chew."
Nicole is surprised to see customers running at her. They jump on top of her.
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "Get your hands off her!"
Richard says: "That's my wife!"
Nicole inhales and looks at Richard happily, but Richard suddenly jumps on her.
Richard says: "If anyone's going to win those Huggy Bites, it's me!"
Darwin and Anais get candy and walk to Richard.
Richard says: "Hey, what is going on here?"
Darwin says: "Please don't tell!"
Richard says: "You should be ashamed of yourselves."
Richard says: "What would your poor mother thinks about this kind of behavior?"
Anais says: "What would it take, to make all this, go away?"
Richard says: "Eighty-twenty."
Richard says: "And throw in some Huggy Bites as well for tricking me and those poor customers."
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "aaaaaaand it's back to the car."
I'm the Man!
Richard says: "Your children deserve a better example, you need to grow up, don't forget your appointment at the cardiologist!"
Richard says: "BORING!"
Richard says: "Discipline, I'm not a punisher!"
Richard says: "I'm a fun-isher!"
Richard says: "and she's not the boss of me!"
Gumball says: "Have you ever told her this?"
Richard says: "Huh, YEAH!"
Richard says: "Lots of times..."
Richard says: "in my head."
Gumball says: "What about to her face?"
Gumball says: "Okay, I think we need to work on this."
Back at the shop.
Gumball says: "Let's go through one last time, WHO ARE YOU?"
Richard says: "I'm the man!"
Anais says: "And what does a man do?!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard says: "Whatever the heck he wants!"
Darwin says: "And why?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "Because I'm a beautiful powerful animal!"
Gumball says: "Then let me hear you roar!"
Gumball says: "Now suck that gut in!"
Richard sucking in his gut.
Gumball says: "Clench those pecks!"
Gumball says: "uh..."
Gumball says: "and how do you feel?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Man-tastic!"
Gumball says: "Good!"
Gumball says: "Now go and get us some candy!"
Richard says: "HEY WOMAN!"
Richard says: "You're gonna listen to me and you're gonna listen good!"
Richard says: "I'm calling the shots now!"
Nicole's head is still turned back from Richard.
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "You listen to the man when he's talking!"
Nicole turns back and gives a powerful and deadly death stare to Richard that somehow blows all of the items off of the shelves. Richard states in disbelief as his chest goes limp.
Everybody's Getting Candy!
The Wattersons are seen in the car again.
Anais says: "I've got an idea!"
Gumball says: "Alright, let's hear it."
Anais says: "Supermarkets are designed to sell you stuff that you didn't even know you wanted."
Anais says: "Everything counts, from the height of the product, to what it's placed next to."
The person who Anais demonstrates as a customer says: "Ah!"
The person who Anais demonstrates as a customer says: "I want a cheese sandwich!"
Anais says: "The music is important too."
Anais says: "But more than anything, you wanna make them think it's a bargain."
Gumball says: "You paranoid nut bar, that stuff doesn't work."
Anais says: "Then why are you holding a basket full of lipstick?"
Gumball says: "Three colors, five dollars!"
Gumball says: "It'd be stupid not to buy it!"
As Anais stares at him, Gumball realizes what she's saying.
Gumball says: "This."
Gumball says: "Is."
Gumball says: "Perfect!"
Gumball says: "If we use those tricks on Mom, we can get anything we want!"
Gumball says: "It's foolproof!"
Darwin says: "I'm getting candy!"
Darwin says: "And he's getting candy!"
Richard says: "I'm getting candy?!"
Richard says: "!"
Anais says: "Mmm, mmm, mmm-mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm!"
Anais says: "I'm getting candy,  you're getting candy, he's getting candy, he's getting candy, she's—"
Nicole says: "Get back to the car!"
The Watterson's walk out in disappointment.
Massage and Makeup.
Hexagon lady says: "Excuse me, madam, but maybe you'd like to try..."
Nicole says: "Maybe what?"
Nicole says: "Maybe you know better about disciplining my family than I do?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Maybe I shouldn't be screaming like a lunatic in the mall?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Hexagon lady says: "No, no, no."
Hexagon lady says: "I just thought maybe you'd be interested in a..."
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Hexagon lady says: "..."
Hexagon lady says: "free relaxing massage on aisle thirteen?"
Nicole says: "Well, maybe I am!"
Nicole says: "Thank you for the kind offer!"
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Richard are seen getting back in the car. They all sigh, then immediately get out again. Nicole is then seen on the massage chair.
Nicole says: "Oh yeah..."
Nicole says: "After the day I had, that's just what I needed to..."
A broken bone sound Gasps I can't move! What did you do? Can you undo what you just did?
Hexagon lady says: "A..."
Hexagon lady says: "Actually, I..."
Hexagon lady says: "I need to go speak to my manager, 'cause I normally work on the deli counter and I..."
Hexagon lady says: "I gotta go."
Nicole says: "WHAT?"
Nicole says: "You can't leave me like this!"
Nicole says: "Huh?"
Gumball suddenly appears in front of Nicole.
Nicole says: "Why aren't you in the car?"
Gumball says: "Well, here's the thing: we have all been through a lot today and..."
Gumball says: "I was thinking, wouldn't it be better if you just bought us a treat from the supermarket?"
Nicole says: "Never!"
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "I see."
Gumball says: "then how about..."
Gumball says: "A free makeover session?"
The kids apply makeup crazily over Nicole's face.
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Not the eyebrows!"
Gumball says: "It's nothing personal, Mom."
Richard says: "It's just business!"
All four sigh.
Stealing Candy.
The Wattersons are seen in the car again. After a few seconds, Anais starts crying. Gumball starts crying as well.
Gumball says: "I can't believe it ended up like this!"
Anais says: "The whole afternoon..."
Anais says: "wasted!"
Darwin says: "The important thing is, we tried..."
Darwin says: "even if,  we failed!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "It's not over!"
Richard says: "There's one more thing we can do, but you have to do exactly what I say!"
Back in the supermarket.
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "I..."
Richard says: "Come on son, eat it!"
Gumball says: "I just can't take stuff without paying for it!"
Gumball says: "I have been raised too well."
Richard says: "Oh come on!"
Richard says: "It's not that difficult!"
Richard says: "You open the bag , you put the bag back where it was, and no one will ever know."
The alarm sounds. Richard then spits the candy out back in its wrapper.
Nicole's Limit.
Nicole says: "Let me get this straight."
Nicole says: "I asked you to finally step up as a father and set a good example for your children, and the way you interpreted that was to take them shoplifting?"
Richard sighs.
Nicole says: "That's it."
Nicole says: "I think you've all done it."
Nicole says: "You have finally pushed me over..."
Darwin says: "Over what?"
Nicole says: "The limit!"
Richard says: "Does that mean we can't get a candy bar?"
Nicole moves her hand at Richard, but manages to restrain herself, breathing heavily, and instead punches the nearby electric regulating box. Electricity crackles as the supermarket loses electric power.
Nicole says: "You need to..."
Nicole says: "RUN!"
Nicole says: "NOW!"
Gumball says: "What's wrong with Mom?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "That's not your mother anymore!"
Richard says: "That's a whirlwind of fury!"
Nicole chases after her family in a rage.
Richard says: "Get out of the way!"
Richard says: "She's out of control!"
The supermarket shoppers flee in terror.
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
He trips on a bunch of candies, as Nicole closes in; Gumball screams.
Richard says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "I don't want that candy anymore!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Nicole runs past Gumball, Darwin, and Anais.
Anais says: "Watch out, Dad!"
Anais says: "It's you she wants!"
Richard says: "Somebody please help me!"
Guard 2 says: "Freeze, ma'am!"
Guard 2 says: "Please, don't make me do this!"
Guard 2 fires his taser at Nicole. Electricity crackles as Nicole seems finally subdued. But then she rises up, pull the taser electrodes from herself, then grabs Guard 2 and stare into his eyes. Nicole's stare cause Guard 2 to appear to be aging rapidly, his hair and facial hair growing long and whitening at the same time his scream gets higher Nicole then drops Guard 2.
Guard 2 says: "I wasn't trained for this."
Guard 2 says: "Please, somebody, help me!"
Gumball says: "You need help?"
Guard 2 says: "Yes, please, please, I'd do anything!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais all smirk at each other. Nicole continues searching for Richard. She then sees him, and begins charging straight for him. Richard screams as she approaches, but Nicole hits the TV that he was broadcasting himself on instead. Richard stops screaming and continues to run.
Karen says: "Free samples, sir?"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Huh."
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "I'm finished!"
Darwin says: "This way, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Richard follows Darwin's direction. Gumball spills some liquid detergent on the floor, making Nicole slip on it, crashing into a stack of canned foods. She rises from the pile and sees Gumball and Richard down the aisle.
Gumball says: "Dad, can I have some candy?"
Richard says: "Sure, son."
Richard says: "Just don't tell your mother."
Nicole says: "RICHARD!"
Gumball says: "Dad, stop sweating, you are gonna give it away!"
Richard says: "Easy for you to say!"
Richard says: "It's not you she is after!"
Both Gumball and Richard start screaming as Nicole gets closer.
Gumball says: "Darwin, Anais, now!"
Darwin and Anais use transparent duct tape to wrap and seal the aisle, trapping Nicole.
Gumball says: "Sorry Mom, we just need you to cool down for a minute."
Richard says: "Yeah, what kind of example are you giving the kids?"
Nicole then stares through the wrapping, melting it out of the way as she slowly approaches her family as she was about to kill them all. Shocked of her own reflection from the facing mirror when Richard  steps aside she quickly regains control of herself, and her eyes turn back to normal.
Nicole says: "Oh..."
Nicole says: "my..."
Nicole says: "gosh..."
Nicole says: "What am I doing?"
Nicole says: "I am so sorry."
Nicole says: "I completely overreacted."
Nicole says: "What kind of mother am I?"
Richard says: "No, it was me!"
Richard says: "What kind of father am I?"
Richard says: "A fat man-child!"
Richard says: "A chubby Peter Pan!"
Anais says: "We didn't respect your authority, Mom."
Anais says: "We know you're only doing it for our own good."
Darwin says: "And when a parent says no, they mean no."
Gumball says: "I hope you can forgive us."
Nicole says: "Of course, sweetie."
Nicole says: "Every child tests the limit from time to time, and most husbands do that all the time."
All take a breath of relief then they hug each other.
Nicole Let's go home. I'm exhausted.
Nicole and Richard walk away to the parking lot.
Guard 2 says: "Is she gone?"
Anais says: "Depends."
Anais says: "Do you have what you promised?"
Guard 2 hands out candy bars to Gumball, Darwin, and Anais.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Anais says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "Thanks."
Guard 2 says: "Please..."
Guard 2 says: "never come back."
Episode ends.