Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "Yes?"
Floppy disk says: "I don't think that's him."
The goblin press a button under his desk, and the floppy disk falls through a pit.
Goblin says: "Of course it's him."
Goblin says: "What are the odds someone would show up, pretending to be the founder the exact day we invited him to approve the new office design?"
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "Yeah, is that guy gonna be okay?"
Goblin says: "Do you want him to be okay?"
Richard says: "Yes..."
Goblin says: "He's gonna be fine."
Goblin says: "Anyway, thanks for coming, we know you're normally reclusive, never leave the house, and frankly, we'd thought you'd been dead for years, but we're glad you're here."
Goblin says: "Now, as you know, we hired the most expensive architect money could buy!"
Goblin says: "I tell you I haven't seen so many zeros since I walked through economy to get to first class, am I right?"
Employees says: "Ha ha ha ha!"
Employees says: "We're rich!"
Goblin says: "I must warn you, these designs seem pretty cutting edge, but we know you're used to thinking outside the current aesthetic."
Richard says: "Yeah, well I know a long word too..."
Richard says: "spaghetti."
Jeff says: "He’s a genius!"
Goblin says: "Okay, so allow me to present the bold new future for Chanax."
Richard says: "I love it!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "It’s perfect as it is."
Jeff says: "Of course!"
Jeff says: "Why didn't we see it before?"
Dolphin Man says: "The long, sleek columns, the wheel motifs, the bold silhouette, it's genius!"
Goblin says: "Well, it certainly taps into the zeitgeist."
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "Like a ghost on stilts!"
Spray-paint bottle says: "That's what I said!"
Spray-paint bottle says: "A ghost on stilts!"
Mr. Verde says: "Nothing says business like a ghost on stilts!"
Goblin says: "Well, construction's starting right away!"
Goblin says: "Sir, if I may say, for too long this company has been held back by mama's boys, vegetarians, and yes-men."
Goblin says: "Am I right?"
Employees says: "YES!"
Goblin says: "What we need now is exactly your kind of out-of-the-box thinking."
Goblin says: "Forget throwing caution to the wind!"
Goblin says: "You take caution out for a lovely five-course meal, meet caution's parents, and skip out the bathroom window during dessert, leaving caution's dad, who didn't like you in the first place, to pick up the tab while you circle around and set fire to caution's beach house!"
Goblin says: "Am I right?"
Employees says: "YES!"
Goblin says: "So come on!"
Goblin says: "I'm sure you have many more bold, seat-of-the-pants, pull-off-your-own-kneecaps-and-run-'em-up-the-flagpole ideas to share with us!"
Richard says: "Uhhh..."
Richard says: "yeah, I guess so."
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "Yes I do!"
Richard says: "We should start by making the floors less slippy."
Funfunctionality.
The Chanax logo on the side of the building is seen as broadcast music plays.
Richard says: "Hi."
Richard says: "I'm sure you've noticed we've made a few changes here at Chanax."
Shot changes to some Chanax employees shaking hands in the main office. Richard is seen on-screen as he rolls by on an office chair.
Richard says: "And because we value your opinion but don't want to talk to you personally, I'll try to answer some of your questions in this video."
Felicity is seen, sitting at a desk with a computer and holding Billy.
Felicity says: "Since I've had my baby, can I switch to more flexible hours?"
Soulless office worker says: "Will the recent changes affect my pension?"
Richard says: "You can't work when you're hungry!"
Richard says: "That's why we're installing a pizza kiln at every work station!"
The soulless office worker is trying to work, but the pizza kiln makes the room too hot to concentrate.
Soulless office worker says: "Ahh, it's too hot to work!"
Cut to another employee, the farmer.
Farmer says: "What will happen to my dental plan?"
Richard says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "We've replaced all the stairs in the building with slides and flumes!"
Farmer says: "There is nothing there, it is just a sheer drop."
Richard says: "It'll be done by the time this goes out."
Richard says: "We'll cut it in later."
Richard says: "Just jump!"
Farmer says: "Eh."
Farmer says: "Ah!"
Cut to finished slide. A butterknife employee, dressed like the farmer, hops out of the slide.
Butterknife says: "Wow, that was so funfunctional!"
Butterknife says: "It works a dream!"
Butterknife says: "But what about me?"
Butterknife says: "I'm on a temporary contract."
Butterknife says: "How will I be affected?"
Richard says: "And the office itself?"
Richard says: "Well, as part of our continuing vision, we are redesigning, starting with totally removing the structural foundation."
Felicity, John, the soulless office worker, and the butterknife employee are now all seen complaining in a four-way split screen. A fifth screen appears, it is Hank drilling out the foundation.
Hank says: "Drillin' out the foundations ain't safe!"
The Chanax logo reappears.
Richard says: "Chanax."
Richard says: "We're listening."
Phil and the Bill.
Phil is working at his desk when Nicole finds him.
Nicole says: "Excuse me, Phil?"
Nicole says: "I was sent here to pay this bill."
Nicole says: "I've now been here longer than some of the employees."
Two employees walk by.
Employees says: "Hey, Nicole!"
Nicole says: "Oh hey, Al!"
Nicole says: "How are the kids?"
Nicole says: "Working hard or hardly working, Jimbo?"
Employees says: "Ain't that the truth!"
The building starts to shake violently.
Nicole says: "What's that?"
Phil says: "Oh, that's been happening quite a lot."
Phil says: "They're taking out the foundations."
Nicole says: "That really doesn't sound like a good idea."
Phil says: "It beats the triple kiln."
Nicole says: "Can I just get this paid?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Phil says: "Yeah, the computer doesn't seem to be responding."
Phil says: "Give it a minute?"
Nicole says: "Right."
Nicole says: "I'm gonna pay this bill if it's the last thing I do!"
Nicole says: "Where's your manager?"
A third shake. More ceiling falls down. Felicity and two clipboard men run by, screaming.
Felicity says: "Aaaaah!!"
Felicity says: "Save yourselves!!"
Phil says: "I think she just stepped down."
Nicole says: "Then I'm taking this all the way to the top!"
Phil says: "To the founder?"
Nicole says: "If I have to!"
Nicole says: "C'mon!"
Nicole says: "What's wrong with the elevator?"
Phil says: "That's a new thing."
Phil says: "You need two people to work it."
Nicole says: "What's this now?"
Phil says: "Wait for it."
Elevator voice says: "You have requested the "Dance Floor!"
Elevator voice says: "" Three!"
Elevator voice says: "Two!"
Elevator voice says: "One!"
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Phil says: "You gotta dance to make it go up."
Elevator voice says: "Perfect!"
Elevator voice says: "Keep going!"
Meanwhile, on the top floor, the goblin is talking to Richard by the window. The floor is shaking.
Goblin says: "Daaahh, the whole building's crumbling!"
Goblin says: "Employees have all been sent home!"
Goblin says: "I see you for what you are now."
Meanwhile, Nicole and Phil are still dancing in the elevator. Nicole stops for a moment to admire Phil's surprisingly graceful dance moves. She pictures him elegantly dancing in slow motion as soft piano music plays. Suddenly, the elevator reaches the top floor and Nicole gets off.
Nicole says: "Come on!"
Phil says: "No, I'm staying right here."
Nicole says: "Why?"
Phil says: "I never knew what I wanted to do with my life, until now!"
Nicole says: "You wanna dance in the elevator of a crumbling building?"
Phil says: "Oh, yeah."
Phil says: "See you at the Christmas party."
The Fall of Chanax.
Nicole runs up to the goblin's desk and slams the bill on it.
Nicole says: "Who's in charge here?!"
Nicole says: "!"
The big chair turns around, revealing Richard. The chair starts spinning uncontrollably.
Richard says: "Who-ho-ho-ho-hoooooaaa!"
Nicole says: "Richard?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "What are you doing here?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "I have absolutely no idea."
Nicole says: "This is precisely why I ask you to stay in the car."
Goblin says: "Wait a minute-you're not the founder of Chanax?"
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "But you guys seemed so convinced, I figured I must be in the wrong!"
Goblin says: "What?!"
Goblin says: "!"
Goblin says: "You're not a hard-nosed, no-nonsense business guru at all!"
Goblin says: "You're a lying, swindling, talentless con artist!"
Goblin says: "Which is, hm, you know, potato-potahto."
Another powerful jolt. More ceiling falls off.
Nicole says: "How do we get out of here?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Goblin says: "Well, we had a corporate helipad put in right above us."
Nicole says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Goblin says: "But thanks to this brainbox, we replaced it with something funfunctional!"
Cut to Richard, Nicole, and the goblin plummeting down from the top of the building in an ice cream truck and landing right on their car. Immediately after, the entire Chanax skyscraper slowly gives way and collapses into a heap of rubble. An "A" from the side of the building hits the truck. The three emerge coughing from a cloud of dust.
Nicole says: "So does that mean I still have to pay this?"
Goblin says: "Let me take care of that."
Goblin says: "Just pay it online!"
Nicole grumbles in anger, and Richard happily offers her an ice pop from the truck. Episode ends.