At the School Gym.
The school bell rings. Coach Russo is seen walking down the hallway, with the sound of a timpani with every step. She peels a banana, and a slide whistle plays with every peel. A trumpet blares loudly and scares her, making her drop her banana as a sad trombone plays. She bends over to get it as a baritone plays, but Mrs. Simian then bumps into Coach, accompanied by the sound of crash cymbals. The scene cuts to the gym, where Gumball and his classmates are preparing for the school marching band.
Nigel Brown says: "Excellent, Banana Joe."
Nigel Brown says: "Now everyone has their instruments for the marching band."
Gumball says: "What about me?"
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, yes, the triangle."
Gumball says: "The triangle again?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Dude, if this instrument were a dance, it would look like this."
Gumball does a ridiculous and stupid-looking dance.
Darwin says: "Oh no!"
Darwin says: "In the hands of an expert, the triangle can be a subtle and very expressive—"
Darwin says: "Come on, why don't you try to be good at something for once?"
Gumball says: "Hm..."
Gumball says: "nah."
Gumball says: "You see, when you try but fail, people think you're a loser."
Gumball says: "But if you skip the trying and decide to fail right away, then everyone thinks you got the talent but you're too cool to waste it on them."
Gumball says: "It's like chickens; no one knows if they can really fly or not."
Gumball says: "That's what makes 'em cool."
Darwin says: "So that's your life plan, huh?"
Darwin says: "Be a massive chicken?"
Gumball says: "Yes, and cackle at the eagles when they crash and burn."
Nigel Brown says: "Leslie, you have the solo as usual."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Sussie, give me an A."
Sussie rubs the top of her head and the musical sound A comes out. Leslie matches the pitch and starts to play an action-sounding solo while dancing around the room. Everyone stares at him unimpressed before Banana Joe cuts him off.
Banana Joe says: "Hey, wait!"
Banana Joe says: "How come I don't get to play a solo?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, play a solo."
Banana Joe steps up, takes a deep breath, and starts repeatedly hitting his crash cymbals, making an obnoxious sound.
Nigel Brown says: "That's why, just concentrate on hitting them at the right mo—"
Nigel Brown says: "—"
Nigel Brown says: "ment."
Banana Joe stares intensely.
Darwin says: "Principal Brown, may I audition for the solo?"
Gumball says: "Dude, are you crazy?"
Darwin says: "Life is too short to live like a chicken."
Gumball says: "Do you even know how to play that thing?"
Darwin says: "Nope!"
Darwin says: "But I'll never know until I try."
Darwin takes a deep breath and plays the beginning Clair de lune on his slide whistle. Everyone is awestruck.
Teri says: "Beautiful..."
Alan​​​​​ says: "I've got goosebumps on my goosebumps..."
Colin says: "Excellent..."
Nigel Brown says: "The hairs on the back of my everything are standing on end..."
Sussie cries, her tears filling the entire room with water.
Nigel Brown says: "Sussie, please stop crying or we're gonna have to call the coast guard."
Nigel Brown says: "Everyone, let me introduce our new soloist."
Nigel Brown says: "Well done, Darwin."
The students comes up to Darwin to congratulate him. Eventually, the water sends them all bursting through the door.
So Proud.
After floating into the hallway on Sussie's tears, Gumball and Darwin land on the floor and get up. Gumball offers Darwin his hand.
Gumball says: "Well done, man, I'm really proud of you."
Darwin says: "Are you sure?"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "'Cause you're kind of breaking my hand right now."
Gumball is holding Darwin's arm with both hands, crushing it.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Sorry dude, it's 'cause I'm so proud!"
Gumball pinches Darwin's cheek and pats his face, slowly escalating to slaps.
Darwin says: "Alright, stop!"
Darwin says: "What's the problem?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "I'm pleased for you."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "'Cause your face doesn't look pleased."
Gumball says: "Trust me: on the inside, I'm pleased."
Darwin opens Gumball's inside, where a fiery monster claws at him.
Fiery Monster says: "I HOPE YOU CRASH AND BURN, DARWIN WATTERSON!"
Frightened, Darwin slams Gumball shut.
Darwin says: "You're lying."
Darwin says: "What's the problem?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, man, it's just..."
Gumball says: "it was fun to be losers together, but it's..."
Gumball says: "kinda depressing to be one just by myself."
Gumball tries to cry.
Darwin says: "Come back to guilt trip me when you can actually muster a tear."
Gumball says: "Ugh, whatever."
Leslie Offers Advice.
In the cafeteria, Leslie puts his food tray down on Darwin's table and sits in front of him.
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Darwin, I just want to say that in spite of the fact I was discarded like a slice of pickle in a cheeseburger, I thought you played beautifully, and I'm glad you are playing the solo at the parade."
Darwin says: "Thank you!"
Darwin says: "Although I am a little bit nervous."
Darwin says: "I get very self-conscious in front of crowds."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Well, I just imagine 'em without their clothes on."
Darwin says: "Does it work?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Of course it does, try it!"
Darwin tries it. He the sees Juke without any clothes on.
Darwin says: "It does work!"
Mr. Small walks by, but accidentally spills Darwin's peas.
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Sorry, Darwin."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "No, I can still see it."
Darwin says: "I'll just go practice somewhere on my own."
Sabotaged.
Darwin sits alone at the school courtyard practicing his swanee whistle. Gumball approches, prompting Darwin to whistle angrily. Gumball whistles and moves closer; Darwin whistles back and moves further. Gumball whistles and reapproaches, causing Darwin to whistle aggressively. Gumball lets out a final, sad whistle.
Gumball says: "Can we just use words?"
Darwin says: "Are you gonna try and guilt trip me again?"
Gumball says: "Would it work?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Then all I want is a hug!"
Gumball gives Darwin a hug. The school bell rings.
Darwin says: "Alright, I gotta get back to rehearsal."
Darwin says: "Is this how it's gonna be?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Darwin sighs and starts walking to class, stretching Gumball's torso out.
Darwin says: "Dude, you're gonna make me late!"
Gumball says: "I know."
Darwin says: "Dude, they're starting, I'm gonna be late for that solo!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's right."
Meanwhile, the class plays their instruments in the gym poorly.
Nigel Brown says: "Ok, ok, now that you are all tuned up, let's take it from the top."
Alan​​​​​ says: "We weren't tuning up."
Alan​​​​​ says: "I'm afraid that was it, Principal Brown."
Nigel Brown says: "Are you kidding me..."
Nigel Brown says: "?"
Nigel Brown says: "We only have a few rehearsals left, so if you don't make a significant improvement I'm canceling the parade."
Nigel Brown says: "Now, how do we get better?"
Sussie says: "Through a training montage!"
Nigel Brown says: "Precisely, Sussie."
Nigel Brown says: "But we don't have time for that, so I'm just gonna tear these calendar pages off while we play."
Principal Brown runs back and forth throwing calendar pages about, imitating a training montage; all the while, Gumball continues to weigh down Darwin. Eventually, Gumball's torso snaps back, sending Gumball and Darwin flying through the gym door.
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, bang on time for your solo."
Darwin says: "Give me that!"
Darwin starts playing, causing gum to inflate from one of the whistles' holes, exploding all over him.
Nigel Brown says: "Someone has sabotaged Darwin's instrument!"
Nigel Brown says: "Hm, I have no idea why I just did that, it was pretty obvious it was gum, which means it can only be you, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Nigel Brown says: "Because it's gum."
Nigel Brown says: "Gum, ball."
Nigel Brown says: "It adds up."
Everyone glares at Gumball.
Gumball says: "What kind of proof is that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Because all you've been trying to do is drag me down to your level."
Darwin says: "You've been jealous from the start, you tried to stop me getting to rehearsal, and when you didn't succeed, you sabotaged my swanee whistle!"
Gumball says: "Dude, I would never do that."
Gumball says: "To you."
Nigel Brown says: "That's it!"
Nigel Brown says: "You are banned from the band!"
Nigel Brown says: "You are done raining on our parade."
Nigel Brown says: "Been waiting to say that for weeks."
Gumball sulks and leaves the gym.
Darwin says: "Gumball, wait!"
Darwin says: "That's school property."
Darwin snatches the triangle out of Gumball's hand and slams the gym door in his face. Gumball sighs sadly and walks off.
Framing Banana Joe.
Prinicpal Brown and the marching band stand in the middle of the school track field.
Nigel Brown says: "And remember, you are playing not for yourself, not for your family, not for your country, but to not embarrass me in front of hundreds of people."
Nigel Brown says: "Take it from the top one last time."
The band starts playing. The scene cuts to Gumball, who is watching from behind closed gates. He turns around and sees Darwin's silhouette, causing him to jump in shock, undoing the gate's lock in the process.
Gumball says: "Oh, dude!"
Gumball says: "You scared me."
Gumball says: "Hey, you know I just wanted to say that, well, I know you're nervous about playing in front of all those people, but you've got a real talent, man."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're playing in a small school stadium right now, but tomorrow you could totally be playing on subway trains, or outside the mall, with people throwing money in your hat."
Gumball says: "And you know I didn't sabotage your swanee whistle."
Gumball says: "You believe me, right, dude?"
Gumball says: "Right?"
Gumball says: "Dude?"
Gumball says: "They're gone!"
The scene changes to show Darwin and his class practicing and socializing in the boy's locker room. Darwin stands at his locker.
One Final Plan.
Gumball says: "Darwin, listen to me, you mustn't play that solo."
Darwin pushes his locker door wide open, revealing Gumball's semblance in his mirror.
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "You listen to me: this isn't about me being good at something, it's about you refusing to make the effort to better yourself."
Darwin says: "And you know the definition of that kind of person?"
Gumball says: "A loser?"
Darwin says: "No, a—"
Darwin says: "Wait, yeah, a loser."
Darwin says: "So now just please let me concentrate, and get out of my head!"
Gumball says: "Dude, that's a reflection."
Gumball says: "I'm right next to you."
Darwin says: "Just get out of here!"
Darwin says: "Get out!"
Nigel Brown says: "And stop raining on our parade, I know I've said it before, but it still works."
Gumball is thrown out of the locker room.
Gumball says: "No, wait!"
Nigel Brown says: "And I'll expel you from the school if I see your face again."
Gumball suddenly sees the Archie mascot walk by and makes the evil face. The scene cuts to Archie sitting on the toilet in the school bathroom. Gumball's hands reach over the stall and take off the top half of his costume.
Archie says: "Hey, my costume!"
Archie says: "Ahh, I'm naked!"
Leslie All Along.
The school band is performing for a packed audience as they march along the track. Darwin plays blissfully, unaware of Banana Joe standing right behind him. Gumball suddenly darts out of one of the gates in-costume and starts gesturing helplessly at Darwin.
Gumball says: "Darwin, watch out!"
Gumball says: "Banana Joe's gonna stop you from playing your solo!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Darwin fails to take notice. Gumball suddenly sees himself, dressed as Archie, on the jumbotron.
Announcer says: "And here comes Elmore's favorite mascot, Archie the Duck!"
Gumball says: "What the—"
Fan says: "Archie the Duck, can I have your autograph?"
Gumball haphazardly runs down the steps, drawing a black marker streak across their autograph pages and faces. One audience member cries.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Banana Joe, no!"
The scene zooms in on Banana Joe as he is about to crash his cymbals, but he does not end up actually hitting Darwin at all.
Gumball says: "Well if it's not Joe, then who is it?"
Gumball suddenly sees a dart fly past him toward the crowd, hitting close to Gary and making a hole through his drink.
Gary says: "Huh?"
Another dart fires, before cutting to a piece of cheese in the crowd with a massive hole in their chest.
Gumball says: "Leslie?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Leslie reorients his flute to be facing Darwin as he prepares to fire at his head. However, Alan's trombone hits the back of his head, causing the dart to shoot across the field and undo a wound-up American flag. Annoyed, he readies another shot at Darwin's head, Gumball jumps in his way and knocks Leslie into the dug-out.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "The solo was mine, not Darwin's!"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "He stole my spotlight, and flowers need light to grow."
Leslie tries to get up and reach for his flute, but Gumball slaps him back down.
Gumball says: "Dude, you're a flower boy who plays flute in the school band."
Gumball says: "You don't want this to get violent."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "You're talking to someone who has danced since the day he was born."
Leslie proceeds to dance, beating up Gumball with ease. Gumball's costume gets mangled and he collapses.
Gumball says: "What I meant was, violence is never the answer."
Gumball says: "Dude, you're supposed to be happy for your friend's success!"
Gumball says: "This isn't about Darwin being good at something, it's about you refusing to make the effort to better yourself."
Gumball says: "You know what the definition of that kind of person is?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "You."
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Ugh, I wouldn't want that to happen."
Gumball says: "So why don't we just enjoy the success of our friend, even if it means we get left behind?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "Quick, he's about to play his solo!"
Gumball and Leslie return above ground to watch Darwin's solo. Darwin, however, gets stage fright and plays terribly. The audience jeer Darwin, while Gumball and Leslie happily watch. The episode ends.