A Rude Awakening.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin sleeping in their room. Loud noises are making the house shake, causing debris to fall into Darwin's fishbowl which gets sucked into his nostrils. Darwin sneezes as he wakes up and breaks his fishbowl, and some water splashes into Gumball's snoring mouth, waking him up as well.
Gumball says: "What is that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
[Gumball says: "Anais kicking a wooden column, surrounded by plushies."
Darwin head up to the attic where they find the source of the noise says: "Anais kicking a wooden column, surrounded by plushies."
[Gumball says: "Soon after that, she pulls out the nose of a stuffed bear, then throws another one to the floor to jump on it and break it."
Darwin head up to the attic where they find the source of the noise says: "Soon after that, she pulls out the nose of a stuffed bear, then throws another one to the floor to jump on it and break it."
Toy says: "I love you."
Anais continues to throw punches around, and almost punches Gumball. The wind caused by her movement blows against his flinching face.
Gumball says: "Okay, I admit I swapped your smashed pills for turtle flakes and that's why everyone at school calls you "Kraken Breath!"
Gumball says: "" And I kept messing up your sunscreen when you were born, you didn't really have a facial birthmark in the shape of a goat."
Gumball says: "I thought if you looked cursed, Mom wouldn't love you more than me!"
Gumball says: "And I put stones in your pockets when you were a baby, 'cause I was scared you'd grow taller than me, which is why you're medically classified as a cephalopod!"
Gumball says: "I think that's everything."
Gumball says: "You gonna hit me?"
Anais says: "This isn't about you."
Gumball says: "Ohhh, thank heavens."
Gumball says: "Pshh, Darwin, abort the mission."
Darwin stands behind Anais, preparing to hit her with a shovel. He throws it aside.
Darwin says: "So, if you're not angry at Gumball, who are you angry at?"
Anais says: "Some kid at school."
Anais says: "He's gonna wish he'd never been born."
Anais continues to beat up the pillar.
Gumball says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, you can't just go into school and beat up kids you don't like."
Gumball says: "If we resort to violence, we're no better than beasts."
Darwin says: "Like wolves, or bears, or eagles!"
Gumball says: "Which are actually pretty rad animals..."
Gumball says: "But do you know what these awesome animals would say about this?"
Gumball says: "They would say  Which probably means: violence is not the answer!"
Anais says: "But—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "You're gonna patch things up with this pest, with the help of your big brother!"
Violence.
The three Wattersons are walking down the hallway just after the school bell rings.
Gumball says: "Okay, first I want you to learn what it means to hurt someone."
Anais says: "I'm the one who—"
Gumball says: "No arguing!"
Gumball says: "You wanna use violence?"
Gumball says: "Then first you need to understand how it makes people feel!"
Anais says: "Wait, what?"
Darwin says: "Hit 'im."
Anais says: "Guys, you don't understand."
Gumball says: "Do it!"
Darwin grabs Anais' hand and forces her to slap Gumball.
Gumball says: "Oh, I feel pain!"
Gumball says: "But also sorrow."
Gumball says: "Isn't there a better solution to our problem?"
Darwin grabs Anais entirely and throws her on top of Gumball, who screams in pain.
Gumball says: "The violence inflicted upon me has instilled a rage."
Gumball says: "That can only lead to more violence."
This time, Gumball picks up Anais, and uses her like a baton to hit Darwin. Darwin moans dramatically.
Darwin says: "As an innocent bystander I feel unjustly hurt."
Darwin says: "The violence has now become..."
Darwin says: "a vicious circle!"
Again, they use her limp arms to slap each other. The action escalates into Anais becoming a small, involuntary chain-slapping tornado.
Gumball says: "See what happens when you let yourself be an instrument of violence?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Everyone gets hurt!"
Anais says: "You don't understand!"
Anais says: "I'm the one who's getting picked on!"
Gumball grabs Anais by the cheeks to abruptly stop the spin.
Gumball says: "Then forget everything I said."
Gumball transforms into a Super Saiyan, including the art style of the referenced anime.
Gumball says: "LET'S NAIL THIS GUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!"
Darwin says: "Come on man, we both know this is just posturing."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but I thought you might buy it if I went big."
Gumball says: "Let's just try to find an actual solution."
Solutions.
The scene changes to the library, where Gumball is taking a printout from a printer by the computers.
Gumball says: "Okay, I printed off a list of solutions for dealing with pests, from the experts on Elmorepedia."
Anais says: "Who wrote it?"
Darwin says: "Whoever logged into the webpage within the last three minutes."
Anais says: "That could be anyone, how do we know they're an expert?"
Darwin says: "Don't worry, on the Internet, everyone's an expert."
Gumball says: "Solution number one: You need to stop feeling powerless."
Anais picks up a hardcover book and effortlessly tears it in half.
Gumball says: "Solution number two: If they're getting you down, try boosting your self-esteem."
The scene changes. They are now standing by the mirrors and sinks in a school dressing room.
Gumball says: "So, Anais, look at yourself."
Gumball says: "What do you see?"
Anais says: "Nothing."
Anais is too short to look into the mirror, so Darwin puts her on top of the sink.
Gumball says: "Now, what do you see?"
Anais says: "I see an ugly drooling rabbit."
Gumball says: "That's not true."
As she points, Gumball notices the drawing of an ugly rabbit with Anais' name written underneath taped to the locker behind them.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball draws some squiggly lines around the rabbit drawing, presumably sun rays.
Gumball says: "What I see is a radiant little girl."
Anais says: "Or a really smelly one."
Gumball adds to the drawing an open mouth with a few teeth showing.
Gumball says: "A young lady who smiles at life."
Anais says: "In spite of her really poor dental hygiene."
Gumball adds large pupils to the eyes of the drawing... both looking in different directions.
Gumball says: "A girl who confidently looks to the future."
Anais says: "And the past at the same time."
Anais hops off the sink.
Anais says: "Look, I get what you're trying to do."
Anais says: "But trust me, this kid is too annoying."
Anais says: "Every word that comes out of his mouth makes me angrier that a goat on fire!"
Gumball says: "A goat on..."
Gumball says: "Anyway that brings us neatly on to solution number three—"
Gumball says: "ignoring him."
Gumball says: "I'll show you!"
Ignoring a Pest.
They are now at the school football field. Anais and Darwin stand on the running tracks as Gumball sits cross-legged on the grass in front of them, in a meditation pose.
Gumball says: "I am entering a state of calm, where no words or actions can harm me..."
Gumball says: "You can scream as much as you like, but nothing—"
Gumball gets swept away by a passing group of muscly football players. They sweep back and drop a beaten-up Gumball at the same place, his meditation pose surprisingly unchanged.
Gumball says: "As I was—"
A football lands right next to Gumball, and a nearby jock accidentally kicks him off instead.
Avoiding a Pest.
The scene changes to the school playground. Anais is picking up pieces of Gumball, which are scattered all around. Penny and Carmen walk by and Gumball's disembodied hand waves at his girlfriend. Darwin continues to read from the printout.
Darwin says: "Solution four: Try to avoid the person who has upset you."
Anais says: "How?"
Anais says: "We're in the same school."
Anais attaches Gumball's tail back onto his body. Darwin plops Gumball's head on his shoulders.
Darwin says: "Simple, you just stay twenty feet away from him at all times, like this."
Darwin says: "Now take a step."
Anais takes a step. Darwin matches her stride to preserve the distance between them.
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "There's nothing you can do to hurt me from this distance."
The school bell rings and they begin to walk towards the building, with Darwin keeping his distance and watching Anais.
Darwin says: "This is absolutely safe."
Darwin says: "There is no way you can—"
Darwin walks into the basketball pole. The metal hoop falls on his head and knocks him out cold.
Asking Authority.
The scene changes to show Gumball and Anais in Miss Simian's empty classroom.
Gumball says: "Solution number five: Ask an authority figure for help."
Darwin is shown outside the classroom window, teetering on tall stilts he has made by strapping together gardening and janitorial equipment. He is trying to commit to his "twenty feet away" rule.
Darwin says: "Aw man, why didn't they make that solution number one?"
Lucy Simian says: "Very well, what's the problem with this kid bothering you?"
Anais says: "He doesn't like me."
Lucy Simian says: "No?"
Lucy Simian says: "Maybe one about over-protected little snowflakes who need to be shielded from the real world?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Gumball says: "Okay, we get it."
Gumball says: "But please, this kid's horrible!"
Lucy Simian says: "On the day of Columbus' arrival..."
Gumball says: "Uh, forget it!"
Gumball and Anais proceed to leave classroom.
Lucy Simian says: "..."
Lucy Simian says: "I fell over on a wet floor."
Lucy Simian says: "The timing was just coincidence, but it still really hurt."
As Miss Simian sits down, Darwin can be seen through the window with a pale, terrified face from seeing her rear end. He faints and falls off his stilts while Miss Simian shows her elbow.
Lucy Simian says: "Salem, 1692, witch hunt!"
A New Solution.
The scene switches to the school hallway again. Gumball is sitting against the lockers while across from him are Anais and Darwin side by side again, beneath a window.
Gumball says: "There's no solutions left."
Anais says: "Guess I'll go back to  destroying my enemy!"
Darwin says: "And you know the best way to destroy an enemy?"
Anais shows a karate chop.
Darwin says: "No, I mean to make sure they stop."
Anais thrusts a knee between her out held arms, simultaneously pulling them back.
Darwin says: "No, I mean to get rid of him forever."
Anais makes a number of gestures including her typing on a keyboard and a missile being dropped.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Anais says: "A tactical satellite attack."
Darwin says: "No Anais, the only way to destroy an enemy forever  is to make them your friend."
The Pest Himself.
As the lunch bell rings, Gumball, Darwin and Anais throw open the cafeteria doors, looking nervous.
Gumball says: "Alright, let's make friends with this monster."
Gumball says: "Where is he?"
Anais points and then the audience is shown Billy, sitting at a table next to Bobert and an Egghead.
Darwin says: "DUN DUN DUUN!"
Gumball says: "Actually, let's do that again."
Anais points and the audience is again shown Billy, sitting at the table.
Darwin says: "Wuh wuh wuh wuuuaah!"
Gumball says: "Billy?"
Gumball says: "Widdle Billy?"
Gumball says: "Widdle Billy being mean to you?"
Darwin chuckles.
Anais says: "Don't let him fool you!"
Anais says: "He's more annoying than dancing in a shoe that goes "weeh!"
Gumball says: "Heh, I think we'll be fine."
Gumball says: "Also what's up with all these weird metaphors?"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais approach Billy's table.
Darwin says: "Okay, we were wrong."
Darwin says: "Anais, destroy this guy."
Darwin and Gumball hold out their hands to permit her to attack. Anais takes a very deep breath from her nose in preparation, but instead she walks off in the opposite direction and leaves the cafeteria.
Darwin says: "Anais, where are you g—"
Gumball says: "Right, that's it!"
Gumball pulls off the fur from one hand with the other, like a glove, revealing a skin-colored hand beneath. He slaps Billy with it, signalling a challenge to a duel, and throws his glove on the floor. When he crosses his arms afterwards, his hands are both blue again.
Gumball says: "The gauntlet has been thrown down—"
Gumball says: "nobody talks to my sister like that!"
Billy pulls off Bobert's arm, and uses it to slap Gumball back, except the impact of this "glove" gives him a black eye. The arm is tossed next to the glove.
Billy says: "I accept!"
Billy says: "We shall duel at noon in the schoolyard!"
Gumball says: "Alright, let's do this!"
Immediately Gumball turns around and sulks in front of Darwin.
Gumball says: "I can't do this!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I can't fight a little kid, it's not a fair match."
Gumball straightens up and gasps as he gets an idea.
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball VS. Billy.
The scene changes to Darwin standing in the school playground. Gumball hops over to him with great effort, because he tied one arm behind his back and bound both legs with rope.
Darwin says: "Hmmm."
Darwin says: "I suppose it makes it more fair, but why the stuff up your nose?"
Gumball says: "Give myself a handicap."
Darwin says: "Why do you need your sense of smell in a fight?"
Gumball says: "To smell fear?"
Billy says: "Lord Watterson!"
Billy says: "'tis time to pay for your offense!"
He shows a stick on the floor.
Billy says: "Choose your weapon: fighting staff or fists!"
Gumball says: "Weapons?"
Gumball says: "Are you crazy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Fists, I choose fists!"
Billy says: "Very well, I choose the staff!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I thought we were—"
Billy mercilessly swings the stick at Gumball's head. Gumball narrowly dodges it and begins to hop away. Billy lets out a half-evil, half-mocking laugh.
Billy says: "You can hide, but you can't run!"
Billy proceeds to chase Gumball. They head into the cafeteria. Gumball leaps across a table and tries to cut his ropes with a spork, to get rid of his unfair disadvantage. It doesn't work. He sees Leslie nearby holding plastic scissors.
Gumball says: "Leslie, your scissors!"
Leslie tosses the scissors to Gumball who grabs them and dodges another swing from Billy. As Billy topples over, Gumball hops away.
Billy says: "Come back, you coward!"
Gumball hides behind a column and struggles to cut the rope with the plastic scissors.
Gumball says: "Aww man, isn't there anything dangerous left in school these days?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Gumball, use this stale crinkle-cut fry!"
He tosses it over to Gumball who uses it to cut the rope. Billy notices him. Gumball runs away, leaping from table to table as Billy pursues him with swing after swing.
Gumball says: "Can't we just stop and talk this through?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Billy says: "Oh, can you only do one thing at once?"
Billy says: "Luckily I can move my body and mouth at the same time, so I may concurrently fight you and tell you how badly you are losing!"
Gumball says: "If you want to beat me, you gotta be fast!"
Gumball backflips, hits his head on a table behind him and falls onto a nearby stool, his face getting planted onto the table in front of him.
Billy says: "Did you mean fast asleep?"
Gumball sits up and unknowingly knocks away Billy who was standing right behind him, ready to strike.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "The kitchen!"
Gumball says: "I need a sword!"
A banana lands in Gumball's outstretched hand as he holds back Billy with the other one.
Gumball says: "Something more hardcore!"
Gumball shoves Billy aside and catches the microwave thrown to him by Darwin.
Gumball says: "Okay, something less hardcore..."
This time, a spatula lands in his hand.
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball leaps in front of Billy and takes a swordfighting stance.
Gumball says: "Now, get ready for my next move..."
After a moment's pause, Gumball darts away through the door behind him. Billy lowers his weapon for a moment in disbelief.
Billy says: "Come back and fight, you gutless worm!"
Gumball says: "Why are you so mean and sarcastic?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Can't you just be nice?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball hides behind Teri, shoving her at Billy. Billy simply flips her sideways, as she is paper-thin, and jabs Gumball in the rear with his stick. Gumball resumes running.
Gumball says: "What is your problem?"
Billy says: "I am defending my honor!"
Gumball hides behind Carrie, who looks indifferent.
Gumball says: "What's so honorable about picking on a little girl?"
Billy says: "You're a girl?"
Gumball says: "No dude, my sister."
Billy says: "Oh, yes of course."
Billy pokes Gumball's face through Carrie, who remains indifferent. Gumball runs off. The chase continues and they clash their weapons as they sidestep down a staircase.
Billy says: "Need I remind you that matters betwixt your sister and I are none of your concern, you charmless ninny?!"
Billy says: "!"
Gumball then grabs Alan by the string to use him as a shield. Alan is shocked.
Gumball says: "Dude, it's kind of hard to solve this problem if I don't know what's going on!"
Billy says: "I could write a whole book about things that you don't know."
Billy says: "Wouldn't be much use to you though—"
Billy says: "there'd be no pictures in it!"
As Alan is too high, Billy easily pokes Gumball again. The chase continues as they run into the gym, jump onto a trampoline and grab onto an adjacent pair of climbing ropes. They continue to fight as they swing.
Gumball says: "Well, if I'm gonna get my butt kicked I wanna know why!"
Billy says: "Your vastly inferior fighting skills may have something to do with it!"
Gumball says: "Can I please just have a normal conversation with you!"
Billy says: "I don't know, can you?"
Gumball says: "Alright, enough."
Gumball says: "Let's just stop!"
Billy says: "Yes, yes, 'tisn't working anyway."
Becoming Friends?
They climb down from the ropes and Gumball throws down his spatula.
Gumball says: "I refuse to fight!"
Gumball says: "I believe it was Gandhi who once said, "Dude, don't fight, take a chill pill and everything will be alright."
Gumball says: "" So what that means is, we can work this out."
Gumball says: "What do ya think?"
Billy says: "I think..."
Billy says: "I think..."
Billy says: "I think you shouldn't have dropped your weapon!"
Gumball catches the stick between his hands mid-swing. Billy then pokes it between Gumball's hands into Gumball's teeth, repeatedly.
Gumball says: "Alright enough!"
Gumball says: "It's over!"
Gumball says: "Now explain yourself, why do you hate my sister?"
Billy says: "There was once a little boy who—"
Gumball says: "Can we just stick to the subject please?"
Billy says: "The boy is me, it's a story about me."
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry, please continue."
Billy says: "Billy was once a happy boy."
Billy proceeds to tell a story visualized by amazingly accurate shadow puppets he makes on the wall using the sunlight from the window.
Billy says: "Mother and papa were prosperous and treated him well, showering him with all manner of gifts and fancies."
Billy says: "And at school he was top of the class, with myriad friends."
Billy says: "Yes, young Billy had the perfect life."
Billy says: "But sometimes, perfect is not enough."
Billy says: "One day, he met a sublime young lady, with whom he had much in common."
Billy says: "He gave her his heart, but she did not feel the same, and she rent the heart in twain."
Billy says: "Hurt and humiliated, poor Billy now hides in the shadow of spite and sarcasm..."
Billy ends his shadow show with his hands clasped together in sorrow.
Gumball says: "Okay, first how did you do that with your hands?"
Gumball says: "That was amazing."
Gumball says: "And secondly, uh, join the club dude!"
Gumball says: "Things don't always work out the way you want in life, dude."
Billy says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "I mean, everyone is slightly unhappy."
Gumball says: "Life has highs and lows."
Gumball says: "And for the record, for most people on this planet, life completely blows."
Gumball says: "So why make it worse by fighting?"
Billy says: "Oh, I feel rather silly."
Billy says: "Silly Billy."
Gumball says: "That's alright, man."
Gumball says: "I would bend down and give you a hug, but I swallowed that stupid stick of yours."
Gumball says: "Do you mind?"
Gumball opens wide his arms. Billy does the same and begins to approach him.
Billy says: "Of course, it would be my—"
Anais rushes in from out of nowhere and sends Billy soaring with a flying kick.
Gumball says: "Where have you been?"
Anais says: "I needed a good run up to give him all I've got."
Billy says: "Is this one of those low points you spoke of?"
Gumball says: "How many bends in your arm?"
Billy says: "Three!"
Gumball says: "Nyeah, that's about a medium."
The episode ends.