School Photos.
The episode fades from black, showing Gumball with his back to the camera. After moving to the music's beat for a while, he turns around and poses for a photo. The camera snaps a photo, which shows an ugly Gumball. He continues to make several more poses, but all photos end up unsightly. Gumball starts crying. There is a long line of students behind him. Mr. Small, who was taking the photos, approaches Gumball and attempts to comfort him.
Banana Joe says: "Come on, we've been here all morning!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "Yeah, hurry up!"
Leslie​​​​ says: "Come on!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Hey, take it easy, little guy."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "You're putting too much pressure on yourself."
Gumball says: "Is it really too much to ask to have a decent school photo once in my life?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Come on, it can't be that bad."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Have you ever tried Shotofop?"
Gumball says: "I've tried everything!"
Mr. Small looks through a series of Gumball's photos; each photo shows Gumball's awkward face being progressively blurred.
Gumball says: "The only solution was to airbrush my whole face out."
Banana Joe runs into the photo studio, holding a pose.
Gumball says: "Please, Mr."
Gumball says: "Small."
Gumball says: "I can't be remembered this way."
Gumball says: "Just give me one more chance!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I'm sorry, but..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I got to return the camera at three."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Oh, all righty."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Just come back at three."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I'll take one last picture, and that's it."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Okay?"
Gumball stops crying and takes his face off Mr. Small's shirt, his face smeared with rainbow print.
Gumball says: "You're a good man."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Next."
Gumball walks away. Carrie enters the photo studio, and Mr. Small clicks the camera. A photo comes out, and they both look at it. It shows just the backdrop; Carrie cannot be seen on it.
Carrie says: "I'm not paying for that."
Inner Beauty.
The students are in the hallway checking their photos out.
Tobias​​​​ says: "Man, I look good."
Penny laughs at her photo.
Darwin says: "You know what the real problem is with this?"
Gumball says: "That I look like I should  speak like this?"
Alan​​​​ says: "No."
Alan​​​​ says: "The problem is, you need to learn to accept yourself for who you are."
Gumball says: "That’s easy for you to say, with your perfect face."
Alan​​​​ says: "It’s not that perfect."
Alan​​​​ says: "All you can see is my mole."
Zoom in on Alan’s mole, which looks exactly like Alan himself.
Gumball says: "Dude, even your mole looks better on-camera than me."
Alan​​​​ says: "Real beauty comes from within."
Alan​​​​ says: "You should –  What – what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "It’s bad enough..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "how mature and deep you are!"
Alan​​​​ says: "It’s okay."
Alan​​​​ says: "I understand."
Gumball inhales deeply and blows him away.
Gumball says: "I can’t stand that guy."
Darwin says: "He’s right, though."
Darwin says: "Look inside yourself, and you’ll see how beautiful you are."
Gumball pops off one of his eyes and puts it inside his mouth.
Gumball says: "All I can see is brains, guts, and some of today’s breakfast."
Darwin says: "Yeah, I know."
Darwin says: "I was lying so you wouldn't be whining about your school photo all day."
Darwin says: "Just deal with it."
Darwin says: "You’re not photogenic, and there’s nothing you can do about it."
Boy's Toilet.
Gumball tries to carry two dumbbells taped on two ends on his lips.
Darwin says: "I don't see how this is going to make you look better."
Gumball says: "Because the face is a muscle, the more you train it, the more awesome it looks."
Gumball tries to lift them up higher and then stops.
Gumball says: "Yeah I think that's enough."
Gumball rips the tape off and drops the dumbbells.
Gumball says: "Check this out."
Gumball takes a few deep breaths.
Gumball says: "Hrggghhhbbllrr..."
Gumball's face turns puffy.
Darwin says: "Wow."
Gumball says: "The most important thing is to smile with your eyes!"
Darwin says: "That makes absolutely no sense."
Gumball says: "Just tell me if I'm doing it right!"
Gumball's face changes back to normal.
Darwin says: "Mm, mm, that's a lot better now."
Gumball says: "Good!"
Gumball gets some water from his water bottle, rinses his mouth and the water spews out from his right eye into the bucket.
Gumball says: "This is horrific, isn't it?"
Darwin says: "Mhm."
Gumball kneels down and cries.
Darwin says: "Are you crying or dribbling?"
Gumball says: "I don't know anymore!"
School Field.
Bobert is shooting a laser at Gumball's forehead, burning off his fur.
Darwin says: "Dude, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Getting a tan."
Darwin says: "I think you're making too much of a big deal out of this photo thing."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "My life plan was built around me being good-looking!"
Darwin says: "Didn't you wanna be a doctor?"
Gumball says: "No, I wanted to be a handsome doctor, or maybe a lifeguard."
Darwin says: "You don't need to be handsome to be a lifeguard."
Gumball says: "Are you serious?"
Gumball says: "If you were drowning and this  came to the rescue, you'd swim downwards!"
Gumball's forehead catches on fire, and Darwin screams, flailing his arms and tries to put out of the fire as Bobert runs away but Gumball moves away.
Gumball says: "Leave it!"
Gumball says: "I burned, I peel and it's tan!"
Gumball's entire face catches on fire.
Darwin says: "Look, if that photo is so important to you, why don't you just ask somebody for some beauty tips."
Gumball says: "Like who?"
Darwin says: "Well, a guy who always look good in photos."
Bobert comes back with a fire extinguisher and puts out the fire.
Hallway.
Alan floats peacefully but is stopped. He turns back.
Gumball says: "Alright, tell me your secret!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Okay..."
Alan​​​​ says: "I anonymously donate all my allowance to charity, but I don't want anyone to know because it's not about me, it's about the cause..."
Gumball says: "Arhhh, you're so nice, it's disgusting!"
Gumball says: "I didn't mean that secret, tell me why you look perfect in every photo."
Alan​​​​ says: "I don't know what you're talking about!"
Gumball says: "Oh really?"
Gumball says: "Well, I can understand how you look awesome in a staged school photo with a nice background and flattering lighting, but how do you explain this?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "This is you after you won a marathon!"
Gumball says: "In ninety degree heat!"
Gumball says: "With the flu!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Hey, the real winner there was the photographer!"
Gumball says: "Oh yeah, then how do you explain this one?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "How did you get that?"
Gumball says: "Doesn't matter, now stop holding out on me and tell me how to take the perfect photo!"
Alan​​​​ says: "I just look at the camera and smile!"
Gumball says: "Now listen here, you no-good-lying hunk, if you don't tell me your secret, I'll have no choice but to buy you a one-way ticket to pain town."
Alan​​​​ says: "Gumball, there is no secret."
The scene skips to Gumball, Alan and Darwin again, with Gumball having a black eye and beaten-up face. Gumball weakly punches Alan again and again. He gets tired and falls back.
Alan​​​​ says: "Uh, are you done?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Because I'm late for Math."
Gumball says: "Fine, we'll call it a tie."
Boy's Bathroom.
Gumball looks at himself in the mirror.
Gumball says: "Aw man, I'm never gonna get a decent photo."
Gumball says: "My face looks like a dropped cake."
Darwin says: "It's not so bad, maybe we could just..."
Darwin says: "uh..."
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "Oh wait, wait, wait."
Gumball says: "You're not helping right now."
Darwin says: "Sorry man."
Darwin says: "At least you know if handsome doctor doesn't work out, you can work as a test dummy for a cosmetic surgeon."
Gumball says: "Hmmm..."
Gumball says: "How does it look?"
Darwin says: "Now, I'm gonna show you in a minute but before I do, just remember, I am not a professional plastic surgeon."
Gumball says: "Yeah yeah, it's fine, just show me the mirror!"
Darwin says: "And, and uh..."
Darwin says: "I didn't ask you for any money either when a specialist would've dealed you for thousands of dollars."
Gumball says: "Just show me!"
Darwin says: "Okay, but keep in mind that this is what you asked for."
Gumball starts to touch his face and Darwin shivers in fear.
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "look..."
Gumball says: "awesome!"
Darwin is relieved and smiles at this reply. The school bell rings and Gumball and Darwin run around the bathroom.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Darwin says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "We gotta get to the gym!"
Darwin says: "We gotta get to the gym!"
Darwin says: "Wait, that's the two o'clock bell."
Darwin says: "We've got another hour."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "That's never happened before."
Gumball says: "Hmmm..."
Through the Hallway.
They open the door. Eventually they walk in the hallway.
Gumball says: "Dude, things never go this right for us."
Darwin says: "Something terrible is gonna happen, isn't it?"
Gumball says: "Someone's gonna ruin my chance to get a good photo."
Gumball says: "I can feel it."
Darwin says: "But who would want to do that?"
Cuts to Banana Joe angrily looking at his ruined photo.
Banana Joe says: "You will pay for this humiliation, Gumball Watterson!"
He crumples the photo and throws it to a filled trash bin, only for it to roll back to him multiple times. After some attempts, he calms down and does a good throw. The photo lands in the trashcan.
Banana Joe says: "Yes!"
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Uh, paper goes in the recycling bin."
Banana Joe says: "Recycle THIS!"
He takes the photo, and chews it up. After almost choking on it, he puts it in the recycling bin and walks off. Then cuts back to Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "I don't know who'd want to ruin my photo."
Gumball says: "But that's the problem."
Gumball says: "If I can't think of anybody, it could be…everybody."
They see lots of their fellow students talking to each other. Then they sense him, and turn towards him in silence. His appearance creeps them out.
Darwin says: "I'm scared, dude."
Darwin says: "Are you?"
Gumball says: "Terrified."
Gumball says: "But my face can't express it."
They walk nervously through them.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I think we're safe."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "AH!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Watch out!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "There's some kind of hot goblin freak right next to you!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Where?"
Darwin says: "I wouldn't worry about it, dude."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "RUN!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "It's hideous!"
Gumball says: "AH What's he talking about?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Where is it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Trust me man."
Darwin says: "You're fine."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "He thinks you're the hot goblin!"
Darwin says: "Yeah…sure."
Darwin says: "I'm the hot goblin."
Meanwhile, Banana Joe walks angrily in the hallway. He bumps into various students and hurts his arm when he bumps into Bobert.
Suspenseful Hallway.
While the boys continue on their way, there is a humming noise.
Darwin says: "Why am I feeling so tense?"
Gumball says: "It's that noise."
Darwin says: "What noise?"
Gumball says: "The one they use in horror films to show something terrible's coming your way."
Then Tina roars in the distance.
Gumball says: "Like that!"
Darwin says: "Quick."
Darwin says: "It's Tina!"
They run by Mr. Small's office, where he is meditating revealing he is the source of the humming. Then the lights start flashing.
Darwin says: "What's going on with the lights?"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "Just keep running!"
Gumball says: "Where is she!"
Gumball says: "?"
The lights flash on and off ominously as Tina roars many times. Then they come by a door from where they see Tina inside. It turns out that Tina is roaring from trying to do a split.
Penny says: "Come on, Tina!"
Penny says: "You have to be more flexible than that if you wanna join the team."
Darwin says: "Hm."
Darwin says: "That was a bit anti-climatic."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "What's going on with the lights though?"
They see Sussie repeatedly flipping a light switch.
Sussie says: "Night!"
Sussie says: "Day!"
Sussie says: "Night!"
Sussie says: "Day!"
Sussie says: "Night!"
Sussie says: "Day!"
Gumball says: "Well, I'm starting to think there's nothing to ruin my photo after all."
Meanwhile, Banana Joe continues to walk angrily in the hallway again. He gets weary from doing this, but recomposes himself and continues.
Gumball says: "I really don't know what we were worried about."
Gumball says: "It's just a photo."
They are surprised by Alan who ignores them, or doesn't seem aware of them. He floats towards their direction.
Darwin says: "Here we go…this is it."
Darwin says: "Come and get us…all smiles hiding his fury."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "He definitely wants to get even because I whooped his butt earlier."
Gumball says: "He's gonna do something!"
Darwin says: "But what, dude?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "How do you defend yourself from the unknown?"
Darwin says: "With a preemptive strike."
Alan passes by them. Then Darwin pops him.
Gumball says: "…I am so sorry."
Gumball says: "We completely overreacted there."
Alan​​​​ says: "Shhhh…It's okay."
Alan​​​​ says: "I understand."
Alan​​​​ says: "It was an accident."
Darwin says: "Well, not really."
Darwin says: "I kinda went for it."
Alan​​​​ says: "Could you please flip over that bit of rubber next to your foot?"
Gumball says: "Uh sure."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Because I'm turning the other cheek."
Gumball says: "Dude, you're so nice it's actually sickening."
Darwin says: "Well."
Darwin says: "Now we know that no one is after us, and we're twenty minutes early for your photo."
Gumball says: "Nothing can stop us now!"
In The Gym.
Banana Joe says: "GUMBALL WATTERSON, WHERE ARE YOU?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "Come and fight me LIKE A MAN!"
He takes off his peel, and swings it around like nunchackus. Then unfortunately since he is standing near the door he is squished unintentionally by Gumball and Darwin entering the gym.
Gumball says: "I know right?"
Gumball says: "For the first time in my life, I'm actually early."
He then prepares for his photo shoot.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's do this!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Right."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "And you’re sure you're happy with your weird face, because this is the last photo I'm taking of you."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Okay then."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "On three."
Gumball sneezes as he falls off the stool, ruining his last picture. The episode ends.