Bluetooth Speakers.
The episode begins in the Robinsons' backyard.
Gumball says: "I can't believe you have a pair of Bluetooth speakers in your backyard!"
Darwin says: "I have to say, Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson, I'm impressed with how on point you are with new technology!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're like a silver firefox!"
Gaylord says: "I got those free when I bought a foot spa from the catalog."
Gaylord says: "They also sent a face massager, but Margaret ruined it when she put it in the dishwasher."
Gumball pairs Mr. Robinson's phone with the speakers.
Gumball says: "Well, all systems go, Captain!"
Gumball says: "What do you wanna listen to?"
Gaylord says: "Oh-hoh!"
Gaylord says: "I'm not gonna play any music on it."
Gaylord says: "Just this."
Mr. Robinson plays a very loud sound from his phone. This sound nearly deafens Gumball and Darwin, who both shriek in pain; even Darwin's teeth shatter. A raccoon, hearing the sound, walks up to them.
Gumball says: "WHAT IS THAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gaylord says: "Oh, it's a frequency only vermin can hear."
Gaylord says: "That's it, get off my lawn!"
Gumball and Darwin continue to shriek. The abovementioned raccoon cuts a door into the nearby trash bag, and hangs up a sign saying "ONLY JUNK MAIL".
Gumball says: "IT'S NOT WORKING!"
Gaylord says: "Oh, I wasn't talking about that kind of vermin."
Hearts Broken.
Mr. Robinson's phone vibrates.
Gaylord says: "Hold on a second, kids."
Gumball and Darwin recover and look at Mr. Robinson cutely.
Gumball says: "Of course, Mr."
Darwin says: "Of course, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Darwin says: "Robinson!"
A shot of Mr. Robinson's phone, Margaret has sent five goat emojis, representing her "Meh"'s.
Gaylord says: ""Meh meh meh meh."
Gaylord says: "" Hmm."
Gaylord says: "Yeah, sorry, I didn't quite catch what that last "meh" was about."
Gumball and Darwin look back, at the speakers.
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh!"
Gaylord says: "Oh, right."
Gaylord says: "Those "Meh mo mi mi" in Miami."
Darwin rubs his left arm...
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh meh."
Gaylord says: "Dumbbell and Garden Waterbagger, or whatever."
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh meh."
Gaylord says: "Yes, the ones I hate."
As with what happened before, Gumball and Darwin fall through the ground, while Mr. Robinson's "hate" echoes in the background.
Gaylord says: "Yeah, I roped those dopes into installing a new defense system against themselves."
Gaylord says: "They're bigger suckers than leeches making major life choices based on their horoscopes!"
Gumball and Darwin hit a mountain.
Gumball says: "To be honest, that last one wasn't so bad, by comparison."
Gaylord says: "Wait, who was I talking about?"
To make things worse for them, Gumball and Darwin are covered with salt, shriveling up. Cut to black, and back to the Robinsons' backyard.
Gaylord says: "Huh?"
Gaylord says: "Those losers are gone?"
Gumball says: "We heard every word you just said about us, William Shade-speare!"
Gaylord says: "Wait, Where are you?"
Gumball says: "At the bottom of the pit of despair, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Mr. Robinson puts his ears to the ground.
Gumball says: "That was a metaphor."
Mr. Robinson looks up to see a tearful Gumball and Darwin.
Gaylord says: "Right."
Gumball says: "You ruined our friendship and left us with these horrible black clouds over our heads!"
Mr. Robinson is confused.
Gaylord says: "..."
Gaylord says: "Oh."
There are literal black clouds on top of the boys' heads.
Gumball says: "And that one's not a metaphor, by the way."
Darwin says: "Goodbye, Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson."
Gaylord says: "No, wait!"
Gaylord says: "Where are you going?"
Darwin says: "There's a lot we need to process..."
Darwin says: "I think we need a therapist."
Gumball says: "And a meteorologist."
Gaylord says: "Oh, fine."
Gaylord says: "Go see a "get out of my face-ist" as well."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Later that day, Mr. Robinson looks out of his window despondently. He flashback to the day Nicole came home with Gumball. A baby Gumball spots Mr. Robinson, and waves at him, causing the latter to react with surprise; he looks like he is going to wave, but shuts the blinds instead. A few years later, toddler Gumball and Darwin have written their letters to Santa Claus. Mr. Robinson comes in and sees Gumball struggling to reach the mailbox. Mr. Robinson gives Gumball a lift, allowing the cat to drop his letter in. Problem is, he's dropped it into a dog waste basket. Skip to another few years later, where Mr. Robinson prepares to swim. A happy Gumball and Darwin skip over to him, and try to jump in, not before Mr. Robinson seems to warn them about something. Gumball looks to Darwin. Later, the two are struggling to swim, tears in Gumball's eyes. Mr. Robinson looks at them... and laughs evilly. Skips to Halloween. Gumball and Darwin are trick-or-treating at the Robinsons'. After they receive their candy, the boys bid goodbye to Mr. Robinson, who shortly after waving at them shuts his door closed. It turns out he gave the boys dog treats instead of candy. Once again, he laughs evilly. Gumball's birthday. Mr. Robinson gives him a cheap bootleg tape of White Snow and the Six Elves. Instead of the tale's original happy ending, White Snow gets poisoned by a pear. The film ends with Gumball and Darwin being horrified and Mr. Robinson laughing evilly once again. Some time after Anais was born, Gumball and Darwin are playing baseball in their front yard as Mr. Robinson crashes into Cartax. He inspects the damage, and instead of taking the blame, he frames Gumball and Darwin; he places the boys in front of the car and takes away the baseball and Darwin's glove, making it look like Gumball was the one who hit the car. The boys, especially Gumball, get a scolding from Nicole, as Mr. Robinson looks on, laughing evilly once again. Fade to the present day, where Mr. Robinson laughs at that moment, then stops sadly. He looks at the boys' bloodshot eyes, and waves at them, but Gumball pulls down his blinds. Only this time it gets jammed half-way, and he has to fix it, struggling to do so. Mr. Robinson sighs sadly, and walks to his porch.
Mr. Robinson's Jail Streak.
Gaylord says: "Ugh, I don't see how things will ever be the same again..."
Gaylord says: "short of brainwashing them."
Cut to him in prison. He is let out by a dog officer to where Rocky is waiting for him.
Rocky says: "What did you do?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Gaylord says: "I followed the advice online."
Gaylord says: "Turns out it's illegal to alter the minds of children using cold war CIA techniques."
Gaylord says: "It's bureaucratic madness!"
Gaylord says: "Next they'll be asking me to pay for a fishing license or something!"
Rocky says: "Dad, you do need a fishing license."
Gaylord says: "What's this world coming to when a simple tax-paying man like me can't even enjoy feeding himself and his family by throwing a little dynamite in the pond?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Rocky says: "Look, if you want to make peace with them, just keep it casual and don't go too far, okay?"
Rocky says: "Just play it millennial!"
Gaylord says: "You mean dye my hair rainbow colors, dress like a fake lumberjack, feed off avocados and inherit a world in ruins?"
Rocky says: "Uh, I guess."
Rocky says: "But mainly I meant you just, like, poke them!"
Rocky says: "Or, bring them more followers!"
Rocky says: "Or leave a little message on their wall!"
Gaylord says: "Sounds easy enough."
Gumball and Darwin look on in shock. It turns out Mr. Robinson wrote "LET'S PLAY A GAME" on their literal wall, completely missing Rocky's point.
Gumball says: ""LET'S PLAY A GAME"?"
Later that night Mr. Robinson sneaks in with an abnormal smile.
Gaylord says: "Poke."
Gaylord says: "Poke."
Before Gumball and Darwin are able to react, Mr. Robinson pokes them literally, again completely missing Rocky's point. Both boys look around, terrified, and Mr. Robinson seems to have vanished! The boys walk around, trying to find their stalker, where numerous random Elmore citizens appear under a street light. Both boys are clearly terrified, and run to either side, only to see Mr. Robinson again smiling abnormally, who has literally brought random Elmore citizens to follow them, missing Rocky's point once again.
Gumball says: "What the actual what are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gaylord says: "What?"
Gaylord says: "Just got you more followers."
Leonard Daniels, Cow Woman and a clown peek out of a bush, a tree and a manhole.
Leonard Daniels says: "Hello!"
Cow Woman says: "How you doin'?"
Clown says: "Hey."
Gumball and Darwin are terrified.
Mr. Robinson is sent to prison again. Rocky awaits him again as he is let out.