Where Is Banana Barbara?
The episode starts with a shot of the Bananas' house, with light coming from the garage. Creepy music plays as the screen shows many of Banana Barbara's paintings, eventually showing one that just static.
Banana Barbara says: "There."
Banana Barbara says: "Finished."
Banana Barbara notices a shadow in her painting.
Banana Barbara says: "Hmm?"
Banana Barbara says: "Ah."
Rob grabs Banana Barbara.
Cuts to black. Captions read "One Week Later".
Banana Joe says: "Hey… do you mind if I put a picture in your window?"
Banana Joe says: "It's for my mom… she's missing."
Larry says: "Oh, gosh."
Larry says: "Go ahead."
Banana Joe tries to pin the picture onto the glass door with a hammer, but ends up breaking it.
Banana Joe says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "Maybe we need a different pinning method."
Banana Joe looks behind him and notices multiple broken windows.
Banana Joe says: "Yeah, well, maybe we need a different poster."
Banana Joe says: "This photo isn't even of her!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, but it's just advertising 101, man."
Gumball says: "That's what sells."
Gumball says: "Babes and babies."
Banana Joe says: "And what kind of slogan is this?"
Banana Joe says: ""Banana Barbara, 20% off 'cause she's past her best?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "" That's my mom you're talking about!"
Darwin says: "I told you we should've gone with "Banana Barbara, the ripest on the market."
Banana Joe says: "Look, I'm sorry."
Banana Joe says: "It's just, she's never been missing this long before."
Gumball says: "Don't worry man, look, where did you find her the other times?"
Banana Joe says: "Well, she once spent half of December in a Christmas stocking."
Scene flashes back to December. Santa Claus falls down the chimney and wipes dust off of his suit.
Banana Barbara says: "You'll find my tooth under the pillow!"
Santa Claus says: "AHHHH!"
Santa Claus says: "I'm not the tooth fairy, Barbara."
Banana Barbara says: "I never said you weeeeere..."
Banana Barbara says: ".."
Scene then flashes to a video where Barbara falls down a waterfall.
Banana Joe says: "Another time we lost her at the airport, and we found her in a Japanese Karaoke video."
Scene flashes back to the present.
Banana Joe says: "Then there was the time we found her playing a chicken in a TV show."
Darwin says: "Wow, I knew she could paint the future, but I didn't know she could act!"
Banana Joe says: "It was more of a musical act."
Scene flashes to Banana Barbara playing a rubber chicken as a bagpipe to the tune of 'Scotland the Brave'.
Banana Joe says: "Where is she?"
Gumball and Darwin hug Banana Joe.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, buddy, we will find your mom!"
Darwin says: "How?"
Gumball says: "I have no idea."
Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe are walking down the street.
Gumball says: "So, what does Barbrama Barnara usually do during the day?"
Banana Joe says: "Dude, her name is Banana Barbara."
Gumball says: "That's what I just said, Bamarbra Banambram."
Banana Joe says: "Barbara!"
Gumball says: "Brabambra."
Banana Joe says: "Barbara!"
Gumball says: "Spell it."
Banana Joe says: "B-A-R-A-B-A-B-A-B-A-N-R-A Double A-R-A-B-A."
Gumball says: "Oh, Barbara."
Gumball says: "Got it!"
Darwin says: "So, what does your mom usually do?"
Barbara's Hobbies.
Banana Joe says: "Hmm… shopping."
Scene changes to a flashback in the supermarket.
Banana Barbara says: "How much?"
Larry says: "For what?"
Banana Barbara says: "Everything you're wearing right now."
Larry says: "What?"
Banana Barbara says: "One hundred million dollars."
Banana Barbara says: "Tick, tock, Larry."
Banana Barbara says: "Tick, tock."
Banana Joe says: "Charity work."
Flashback. In a bus, Banana Barbara cuts off Byrdie's hair and puts it on Tony's head.
Banana Joe says: "Gossiping."
Flashback, Felicity and Siciliana are at the park, with Siciliana taking her baby for a stroll.
Felicity says: "Oh, what a pretty baby!"
Banana Barbara says: "She said, while in truth she thought it looked like an old monkey's kneecap."
Siciliana gets mad and Felicity smiles nervously. Cut back to the present.
Darwin says: "Do you think it's possible that maybe your mom suffers from some kind of head problem?"
Banana Joe says: "I don't know about suffers, she seems to really enjoy it."
Banana Joe says: "But, yeah, she's full blown bananas."
Banana Joe says: "She wasn't always like that, though."
Banana Joe says: "It sort of happened a few years ago..."
Flashback to a few years ago. Barbara is carrying a large stack of papers.
Paperball says: "Barbara, coffee!"
Barbara drops the stack of papers and pours him a cup of coffee.
Paperball says: "Too hot!"
Banana Barbara says: "Sorry."
Paperball says: "Too cold!"
Barbara pours more coffee into the cup.
Paperball says: "Too perfect!"
Paperball says: "Barbara, I've got a song stuck in my head, what is it?"
Banana Barbara says: "Okay, uh, so, are you gonna hum it, or…?"
Paperball says: "Darn it, Barbara, I'm not a juke box, figure it out yourself!"
Banana Barbara says: "Right away, sir!"
Paperball says: "Barbara, move my 4pm to 10am!"
Banana Barbara says: "It's already 3:00 in the afternoon, sir."
Paperball says: "Figure it out, Barbara!"
Banana Barbara says: "Sure!"
Banana Barbara says: "Invent time travel."
Paperball says: "Barbara, the sun's glaring on my screen!"
Banana Barbara says: "I'll close the blinds."
Paperball says: "No, I hate the blinds!"
Paperball says: "Move the sun!"
Banana Barbara says: "Uh, shoo, shoo!"
The Sun looks at her confused.
Paperball says: "Barbara!"
Paperball says: "Hurry up and bedredge my heddegedy!"
Banana Barbara says: "I'm not sure those are real words, sir."
Paperball says: "Don't question my management, that's 100 off your pay!"
Banana Barbara says: "Sir, I'm an intern."
Paperball says: "Then you owe me 100 dollars!"
Paperball says: "Barbara!"
Paperball says: "Barbara!"
Paperball says: "Barbara!"
Paperball says: "Barbara."
Scene cuts back to the present.
Banana Joe says: "The doctor said it's called a burn-out."
Banana Joe says: "It happens when you get too stressed at work."
Banana Joe says: "Though, I think hers was quite a big one."
Paperball says: "Barbara!"
Paperball's voice echoes and Banana Barbara spits lasers through her mouth and eyes, which makes Paperball's desk go flying out the window.
Banana Barbara says: "I feel like painting."
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Oh, so that's why she always wears a bow!"
Banana Joe says: "It just holds together whatever's left up there."
Gumball says: "Eh, anyway, how do you catch a banana?"
Thinking Like Bananas.
Darwin says: "You make the mating call of a banana!"
Gumball says: "No, dude."
Gumball says: "You gotta think like a banana!"
Darwin and Banana Joe shrug.
Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe all start acting like a banana and start dancing. The scene cuts to a junkyard. Banana Barbara is painting static in a room.
Rob says: "No."
Rob says: "No, no, no!"
Rob says: "The future!"
Rob says: "I want you to paint the future!"
Rob says: "What happens next?!"
Rob says: "!"
Rob says: "That can't just be the end!"
Rob says: "I need your power!"
Rob says: "Heh, now, come on, Barbara, one more time!"
Rob says: "Work your magic, paint the future."
Banana Barbara starts painting.
Rob says: "That's it."
Rob says: "I'm gonna give you one last chance, you're gonna tell me everything you know."
Banana Barbara says: "Okay..."
Rob starts looking at her excitingly.
Banana Barbara says: "Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks, otherwise it'll digest itself."
Banana Barbara says: "A blue whale's toot bubble is large enough to enclose a horse."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "No!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "NO!"
Banana Barbara says: "Hippopotamus milk is pink."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "You are gonna take this…  and you're gonna paint what happens next!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Otherwise, that face of yours won't be so… a-peel-ing."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Wait, that came out way lamer than I expected."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "JUST PAINT!"
Rob storms off and kicks an empty paint can, then kicks a much heavier paint can and starts limping. Meanwhile, Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe are dancing around Elmore.
Banana Joe says: "And how does this help us find my mom?"
Gumball says: "It's simple, if we follow her mental process, we'll retrace her steps."
Darwin says: "So what would she do next?"
Banana Joe says: "She'd definitely be licking the public payphone receiver."
Gumball licks the phone.
Darwin says: "How'd it taste?"
Gumball says: "Like a brown rainbow."
Gumball says: "Huh, it's working, though."
Gumball says: "I am definitely seeing things."
Gumball's shadow points to the left.
Darwin says: "Me too!"
Darwin says: "It's like that shadow is pointing the way."
Gumball says: "Now, what would your mother do?"
Banana Joe says: "Definitely go in the opposite direction."
Gumball's shadow gets frustrated, then follows along. Barbara is painting Gumball's shadow pointing the way.
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, Barbara."
Barbara paints a new cloud in a painting that points the way. The new cloud appears in real life above Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe.
Gumball says: "Wait, look!"
Gumball says: "my finger."
Darwin says: "Ooh!"
Banana Joe says: "Ooh!"
The three of them keep walking.
Barbara paints a graffiti on a wall that has the junkyard with a speech bubble that says, "I'm here Banana Joe".
Banana Joe says: "Look at that speech bubble!"
Banana Joe says: ""I'm here, Banana Joe"."
Gumball says: "Of course, Barbara must be inside this wall!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe try to go inside the wall, cow sounds play whenever one of them try and fail.
Banana Barbara says: "NO!"
Barbara paints a portal on a painting with Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe, then on a painting of Rob watching  Barbara paint, which appears in real life.
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "You can… you can alter the paintings!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "You can change the future!"
Banana Barbara says: "Only what's left."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "What does that mean?!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Talk to me, Barbara, come on, spill your guts!"
Banana Barbara says: "Okay."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Ugh."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Why you…!"
Rob tries to hit Banana Barbara with a crowbar, but stops himself and hits it on the ground, he then starts breathing heavily.
Gumball, Darwin, and Banana Joe fall through the portal.
Banana Joe says: "Mom!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Gumball."
Gumball says: "Rob."
Banana Barbara says: "Names!"
The Fight.
Rob raises the crowbar.
Banana Joe says: "You made a big mistake, my friend, you might've thought I was a harmless clown, a joke, but you messed with the wrong guy's mother!"
Rob hits Joe with a pipe and he falls down, Gumball and Darwin run towards Rob. Rob paints a crack in the floor between him, Gumball, and Darwin. Objects fall from the ceiling, nearly hitting them. Gumball and Darwin scream as a car falls on them, and they pop out of the hood. They feel their heads to make sure everything's still there, and sigh with relief when they feel everything's all there. Rob paints a bazooka, which he uses to shoot bombs at Gumball and Darwin, he misses, but the explosion knocks out Darwin.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Rob tries to shoot Gumball.
As Gumball is walking backwards, he steps on the button of a remote that controls a giant magnet, which makes everything metal go towards it, including Rob's bazooka.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball realizes a bunch of dangerous tools are flying towards him, which he manages to dodge. Then a giant bus comes towards him, which he jumps into, and the bus explodes as he's jumping out, then he runs toward Rob again. Rob paints water, which covers the whole floor. Then Gumball sees a shark fin swimming towards him, so he panics and tries to swim backwards. When it hits him, he lifts it up and realized it's only a fin.
Rob shows Gumball that he finished drawing the shark, and the fin becomes a whole shark. Gumball jumps off of the shark and onto Rob.
Gumball says: "Barbara, do something!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I meant something helpful, Barbara."
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Just walk away!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "This is more important than you!"
Gumball says: "Paint him out, erase him!"
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "Come on.."
Rob and Gumball fight over the paintbrush and end up erasing things.
Banana Joe says: "HEY!"
Rob and Gumball stop as everyone's focus is directed towards Joe.
Banana Joe says: "What did I say about underestimating m..."
Banana Joe says: "uh!"
Darwin uses Joe as a baseball bat and hits Rob.
Gumball says: "Barbara, the brush!"
Barbara uses the brush to erase Rob and his body gets erased in half.
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "No… no!"
Gumball and Darwin continue to erase Rob.
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "No, no, you don't get it!"
Banana Joe says: "You're gonna get it."
Banana Joe continues to erase Rob.
Rob​​​​​​​ says: "Wait, no, please, no!"
Rob's voice echoes as he gets fully erased. Everyone stares at where Rob stood in shock. Gumball walks over and picks up the remainder of the crowbar Rob held.
Banana Joe says: "Mom!"
Banana Joe says: "I missed you."
Banana Barbara says: "And I miss hardcore hip hop."
Gumball says: "I guess all's well that ends well."
Darwin says: "Except for the guy we kinda straight up erased from existence."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I feel pretty bad about it right now, but you know, maybe we'll laugh about it later!"
Gumball says: "Let's try it."
Gumball says: "Hey, remember when we straight up erased that guy from existence?"
Gumball and Darwin start laughing.
Gumball says: "Yeah, no."
Gumball says: "Barbara, can you paint him back into existence, please?"
Barbara starts painting.
Gumball says: "Oh, and can you give him something lame, like a goatee or a third nostril or something?"
Barbara paints a pigtail onto a painting of Rob falling into the Void.
Gumball says: "Haha!"
Gumball says: "Perfect."
Gumball says: "See ya in the future, Rob!"
Banana Barbara says: "But there is no future."
The screen changes to static as Superintendent Evil's face is barely shown. Episode ends.