Gumball's Dream.
Gumball is seen walking down the school hallway. A giant Ocho, a melting Tobias, and a tiny Hector are also shown in the background.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Okay, bye then."
Mr. Small puts down the receiver, along with his head, and starts moonwalking. Gumball opens his locker, then a flood of water comes out of it. When it stops, a pineapple comes out of it and gets caught in Gumball's hands. Richard suddenly appears; only he has become a centaur, and starts talking to Gumball in a garbled language with the only real words being "of" possibly and "America".
Gumball says: "No problem, Mr."
Gumball says: "President!"
Gumball says: "I'll have it on your desk by the year 2025!"
Richard salutes and slides off, leaving a rainbow-colored trail. Gumball turns to see Penny and the background changes to a space background. He dances towards her as she sings. Suddenly, Darwin appears next to Penny, who stops singing. Gumball is shocked and continues dancing nervously as Darwin dances with Penny and finally kisses her. The pineapple in his hands bursts.
Getting Mad at Darwin.
Gumball says: "Noooooooo!"
Darwin is shown next to Gumball in his bed, revealing that the whole thing was a bad dream of Gumball's.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "You're dreaming!"
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
Gumball gasps as he wakes up, and looks at Darwin angrily. He gets out of bed and starts "choking" Darwin by the legs due to him having no neck.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm trying to throttle you but you don't have a neck!"
Darwin is confused by this. Cut to the kitchen. Gumball and Darwin have eggs and bacon on each plate. A glass of milk is right next to Darwin's plate, while salt is next to Gumball's. Darwin drinks his milk, while Gumball is pondering to himself.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry dude, I don't know what came over me."
Darwin says: "It's okay."
Darwin says: "It was just a nightmare."
Darwin says: "Will you pass the salt please?"
Gumball says: "Sure, buddy!"
Gumball grabs the salt and turns the cap off. He angrily pours the whole salt container on Darwin's food while Darwin is confused. He then drops the container on Darwin's plate and pushes it to the side, crashing off-screen.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "It was a dream!"
Darwin says: "I didn't kiss Penny!"
Darwin says: "It wasn't real!"
Gumball puts his hands over his face.
Gumball says: "I know..."
Gumball says: "but I just can't help hating you!"
Gumball says: "You hurt my feelings!"
Darwin says: "You hurt your own feelings with your own brain!"
Darwin says: "You're being irrational!"
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball stomps out of his chair and goes off-screen.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Cut to Gumball in the corner.
Gumball says: "I stormed off in the wrong direction."
The Apology.
Cut to Elmore Junior High, where Gumball and Darwin are at the school lockers, the former not wanting to look at the latter.
Darwin says: "I know you're upset, but..."
Darwin says: "could you at least make eye contact with me?"
Gumball ignores Darwin as his body twists around.
Darwin says: "Okay, this is getting ridiculous."
Gumball says: "I don't want to speak to you."
Gumball says: "There's nothing ridiculous about it."
Gumball trips, untwists his body using his legs and got back up with an angry face.
Darwin says: "Look, I can't believe I'm about to say this, but, I apologize."
Darwin says: "Okay?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry man, I j- I can't accept your apology."
Gumball says: "ESPECIALLY IF YOU DON'T MEAN IT!"
Time lapse. Darwin stands in front of the class.
Darwin says: "I'd like to read a poem."
Darwin says: "I am more sorry than there are grains of sand in the sea, accept my sincere a-po-lo-gy."
Darwin says: "When you are sad, it hurts me."
Darwin says: "So please forgive me, bud-dy."
Gumball closes his eyes and shakes his head.
Darwin says: "Too cheesy?"
Time lapse. Gumball walks down the hall to his locker, and opens it, only to see Darwin.
Darwin says: "I'M SORRY!"
Gumball jumps, then slams his locker closed and walks away.
Darwin says: "Too surprising?"
In the library, Gumball is on the computer. It dings and Darwin's video of a singing dog plays.
Dog says: "Hey buddy, woof woof, I'm sorry, woof woof, if I treated you so rough, woof woof."
Dog says: "Please forgive me, woof woof, 'cause after all, woof woof, I am your BFF, woof woof!"
Gumball looks at Darwin angrily.
Darwin says: "Too weird?"
In the Wattersons' house's backyard, Darwin has locked himself in a pillory while birds peck him. Gumball stands next to him, turning away, but returns to looking at him.
Darwin says: "Aah, aah, ow, ow!"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, owwww!"
Gumball closes his eyes and shakes his head.
Darwin says: "Too medieval?"
Gumball says: "I'm trying, dude, but I just can't forgive you."
Gumball says: "You and Penny both betrayed me."
Darwin says: "Penny didn't betray you."
Darwin says: "Nothing's changed."
Darwin says: "She would never pick me over you."
Darwin says: "Ask her."
Gumball says: "I can't do that!"
Gumball says: "She'll know I like her!"
Darwin says: "She knows you like her."
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I mean, I like like her."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah, you can't let her know you like like her like that, but you don't have to be that direct."
Penny's Decision.
In the school hallway, Gumball holds two cupcakes, one light blue and one orange.
Penny says: "Oh."
Penny says: "So, I can have whichever one I want?"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh!"
Gumball says: "So do you want this handsome, charismatic, faithful, devoted blueberry cupcake, or this backstabbing ugly orange cake  which should have never grown legs?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "Just choose which one you want."
Penny says: "Well, I'd always go for the orange because—"
Gumball says: "Whoawhoawhoawhoawhoawhoa, wait."
Gumball says: "Consider this: If you'd previously expressed an interest in the blueberry cupcake, would you then  eat an orange cupcake behind its back before resolving a potential relationship with the blueberry cupcake?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "Can I have a cake or not?"
Gumball says: "Sure."
Gumball says: "Pick the one you want."
Penny begins to choose the orange one, but Gumball extends the blue and retracts the orange.
Penny says: "Look, if you want me to have the blue one so bad, why did you bring two?"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Penny says: "Just give me the orange one."
Penny says: "Mmm, smells delicious."
Penny is about to eat her chosen cupcake when Darwin's evil face appears in the frosting and makes a kissy face.
Gumball says: "NO, THE BLUE ONE IS BETTER!"
Gumball tries to put the blueberry cupcake in Penny's mouth.
Penny says: "NO, GUMBALL!"
Penny says: "I'M ALLERGIC TO—"
Gumball shoves the cupcake into Penny's mouth and she swells up. He jumps up and screams.
Gumball says: "What have I done?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "The pills, in my locker."
Gumball opens Penny's locker and takes out two bottles. One has blue and the other has orange.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "which color?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Penny says: "The orange ones."
Gumball groans in frustration and frowns. Time lapse. Gumball and Darwin are walking down the street.
Darwin says: "It's not my fault you gave her the wrong pills."
Darwin says: "She specifically said she needed the orange ones."
Gumball says: "Oh, how was I supposed to know the blue ones were thumbtacks?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "It's okay."
Darwin says: "She's fine now."
Gumball says: "This is all your fault!"
Darwin says: "Dude, still no neck!"
Gumball stops and groans.
Darwin says: "Look, what am I supposed to do?"
Darwin says: "You can kiss the person I love most in the world if it makes you feel better."
Gumball says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "Who's that?"
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "probably you, I guess."
Gumball takes off his own mouth and kisses his own face multiple times.
Gumball says: "How do you like that, huh?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Not as much as you do."
Darwin says: "You feel any better now?"
Gumball drops his mouth on the ground, bummed, and sighs.
Gumball says: "Not really."
Trying a Rational Solution.
Cut to the living room. Gumball, Darwin and Anais are on the sofa.
Gumball says: "Look, the best thing is if we just ignore it."
Darwin says: "Agreed."
Anais says: "To ignore what?"
Gumball says: "The thing we don't wanna talk about."
Anais says: "Pfft."
Anais says: "Whatever."
Anais says: "Wanna watch a DVD?"
Darwin says: "Perfect."
Anais takes the remote and turns the TV on.
Man on DVD says: "When one man stole another man's girl, it was the ultimate betrayal."
Gumball kicks the TV to the floor and it catches fire.
Anais says: "Uhhh, do you mind telling me what's going on here?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Gumball had a dream where I kissed Penny and now he hates me."
Gumball says: "YOU DIDN'T JUST KISS HER, YOU STARED ME IN THE EYES WHILE YOU DID IT LIKE AN EVIL SULTAN!"
Anais says: "Okay."
Anais says: "Look, all dreams are just subconscious representations of real-life thoughts."
Anais says: "By analyzing what the dream means, we can resolve the real-life problem."
Gumball and Darwin make derpy faces.
Gumball says: "Eh?"
Darwin says: "Eh?"
Anais sighs.
Anais says: "If we work out what the dream represents, we can resolve the problem in real life."
Gumball and Darwin make another derpy face. Anais sighs again and makes a derpy face herself.
Anais says: "Explainy dream, feely good."
Gumball says: "Ohhhhhh."
Darwin says: "Ohhhhhh."
Anais says: "Now, lie down and tell me what happens from the start."
Time lapse. Gumball is lying on the sofa.
Gumball says: "Well, I'm at school..."
Anais says: "Hm, classic anxiety dream."
Anais says: "Probably represents a fear of not fitting in."
Gumball says: "A-and at one point, Dad was there."
Anais says: "Representing your fear of authority most likely."
Gumball says: "And he became a centaur president."
Anais says: "All right..."
Anais says: "well, that could represent a fear of horses..."
Anais says: "in the White House?"
Gumball says: "Okay, so Dad has a laser shooting out of his butt..."
Anais says: "Uh—"
Gumball says: "Then Mr."
Gumball says: "Small's head fell off..."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "And then I found a pineapple in the locker, so I started dancing in the cosmos..."
Gumball says: "AND THEN DARWIN KISSED HER!"
Gumball says: "So what does that mean?"
Anais says: "Okay, uh, the pineapple is Penny, sweet on the inside, but hard for you to..."
Anais says: "handle, I guess."
Anais says: "And..."
Anais says: "the butt laser, that must be, uh..."
Anais says: "because you need to chew your food more."
Anais says: "And, uh, the cosmos—"
Anais begins running her words together until she gets a brain cramp.
Anais' Brain says: "Brain craaamp!"
Anais then falls to the floor, lying down unconscious.
Darwin says: "Well, that's what you get for trying to apply a rational solution to an irrational problem."
Darwin says: "We need to tackle this head-on."
Gumball says: "Like how?"
Preventing the Kiss.
In the Watterson children's room, Gumball and Darwin are wearing connected tinfoil hats and capes and holding glasses of milk.
Gumball says: "Uh, is this gonna work?"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "The tinfoil reflects our brainwaves into each other's heads."
Darwin says: "So, when we go to sleep, we'll share our dreams!"
Darwin says: "And we can stop me from kissing Penny, and everything will be fine."
Gumball says: "Well, that, that makes irrational sense, but why are we wearing these capes?"
Darwin says: "Uh, 'cause they're awesome."
Darwin says: "Now take my hand and drink your warm milk."
Gumball and Darwin drink their milk and then fall asleep on the floor. The two open their eyes, still on the floor.
Gumball says: "Well, that didn't work."
Darwin says: "Maybe we need more tinfoil."
Everything suddenly goes black.
Gumball says: "All right, let's go to the kitchen to get some more."
A door from up high opens and Gumball and Darwin look in and down while warbly music plays.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "looks like we need to jump."
Gumball and Darwin jump, but then they fly upward and scream. They hit the ceiling and the camera rotates to show that it is actually the floor.
Gumball says: "Where are we?"
Darwin says: "This must be the space between our dreams."
Darwin says: "We need to find yours."
Gumball says: "Okay, which way do we go?"
Darwin says: "This way."
Beat. Grumbling is heard. Then Darwin points right. The duo start walking as the camera starts panning out.
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "Maybe..."
Gumball says: "maybe we should walk a little faster."
They begin running.
Darwin says: "Yeah, maybe we should start running."
They continue running faster. Then they come out from under the sofa and are tiny. Darwin whispers.
Darwin says: "What dream is this?"
A normal-sized dream Gumball peeks from around the sofa at the now-tiny Gumball and Darwin, looking angry.
Gumball says: "I think this was one of mine."
Gumball says: "And we'd better start flying!"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
They take flight and normal-sized Gumball tries to swat them. They land on one of dining room's chairs.
Darwin says: "WHY ARE YOU ATTACKING YOURSELF IN YOUR OWN DREAM!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "I squashed a fly once!"
They almost get swatted and fly up to the light.
Gumball says: "And I never got over the guilt!"
Normal-sized Gumball swats the light, but gets hit and knocked over by it.
Gumball says: "COME ON, LET'S GET OUT OF—"
Gumball says: "What the buzz?"
Darwin says: "There's some kind of invisible force field!"
Gumball says: "Hold on, I got an idea."
Gumball and Darwin start banging themselves against the glass.
Darwin says: "Why isn't this working!"
Darwin says: "?"
Normal-sized Gumball pops up and uses black spray on the duo. They scream and the spray fills the screen. Gumball and Darwin hit a black wall and the camera rotates to show that they're on the floor between dreams again as they stood up.
Darwin says: "I think I know where this is."
Darwin says: "This is the dream where I'm naked in public."
A censor bar is over Darwin's bare feet.
Gumball says: "Dude, you're always naked."
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin says: "It's probably why I dream about it so much."
Gumball says: "Well, at least we're not in public."
It is revealed that Gumball and Darwin are in the mall and Pantsbully, Gary and Alison are pointing at them, and groaning.
Gumball says: "Dude, gimme that!"
Darwin says: "Hey, it's mine!"
Gumball says: "You don't need it, it's only your feet!"
Darwin says: "That's all I have left to hide!"
Gumball says: "Wait, this is your dream, you can do whatever you want."
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin thinks hard and now he and Gumball are clothed and everyone else is naked. They both laugh at their karma.
Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Gumball says: "Wearing clothes in a nudist mall has just the same level of embarrassment as going to a normal mall naked."
Gumball says: "Let's get out of here."
As they walk through the alarm system, it goes off. They're in between dreams again, but the alarm is still going.
Gumball says: "Why do we still hear the alarm?"
Darwin says: "Dude, it's the alarm clock!"
Darwin says: "We're gonna wake up before we get to your dream!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, I got this."
Gumball and Darwin are shown sleeping on the floor. As the alarm clock goes off, Gumball reaches for the clock with his eyes closed. After knocking over the milk glass and a toy car, he turns it off. He opens his eyes in a new dream.
Darwin says: "Dude, where were you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I've been in this car for, like, five days!"
Darwin says: "I was so hungry, I was considering eating you!"
Gumball yelps and holds up his arm, which has a bite taken out of it.
Gumball says: "Where are we?"
They're in the family car, which is sinking underwater. The window cracks and Gumball panics.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh!"
Gumball says: "We're underwater!"
Gumball says: "I can't breathe!"
Darwin says: "Then stop hyperventilating!"
Darwin says: "You're using up all the oxygen, you air hog!"
Gumball says: "Let's turn the air-con on."
Gumball turns on the AC and it sprays water, filling the car. In the school hallway, Gumball's locker opens and the water pours out, along with Darwin and Gumball, who's holding the pineapple.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Centaur Richard is stuck in lockers still using his rainbow butt laser.
Gumball says: "I think we're in the right dream."
Darwin starts floating away from Gumball and the space background appears.
Darwin says: "Uhh, dude, what's going on?"
Darwin says: "Help!"
Darwin screams as he is sucked in. Penny appears, singing.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "What do you think you're doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I can't help it!"
Darwin says: "Your dream is too strong!"
Darwin says: "You have to believe I wouldn't betray you!"
Gumball says: "It's kinda hard when I'm watching you betray me right now!"
Darwin says: "It's your dream!"
Darwin says: "Just think of a different ending!"
Gumball thinks hard and a brick wall appears in front of Darwin, who busts through it.
Darwin says: "Maybe something less painful?"
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Darwin says: "Hurry uuup!"
Darwin says: "THINK OF SOMETHING!"
Gumball thinks hard again and Darwin's lips disappear, revealing his teeth and gums.
Darwin says: "Can you think of something less horrific?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, I just thought if you don't have lips, you can't kiss Penny!"
Darwin says: "Of course I can, it'll just be really hideous for her."
Darwin says: "Thiiink!"
Gumball says: "I got nothing!"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry—"
Gumball says: "Noooooooooo!"
Gumball's pineapple bursts and he thinks hard once more. Darwin stops kissing Penny to look at her. He turns her to the camera to reveal that she has Sussie's face.
Penny says: "Haaaaaaaa—"
Gumball and Darwin wake up.
Darwin says: "Aaaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Why did you make me kiss Sussie?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I can wash the kiss off my tongue, but it'll never leave my bra-hain!"
Gumball says: "Get over it, dude."
Gumball says: "It's just a dream."
Darwin gives him an angry look as the episode ends.