The Grossest Thing Ever.
The episode begins with a shot of the house as we then see the interior and Gumball holding up his gross jar.
Gumball says: "Behold, Darwin."
Gumball says: "The grossest thing ever!"
Gumball says: "I shall name it the gross jar!"
Gumball says: "It will be my legacy to the world!"
Gumball says: "It's the coolest thing ever."
Darwin says: "But I thought that my tap-dancing dolphin impression was the coolest thing ever."
Darwin imitates a dolphin, complete with dolphin noises and tap dances to music.
Gumball says: "Yeah, but this just literally blew you out of the water."
Darwin says: "What's inside?"
Gumball says: "Well..."
Montage of Gumball sneezing and disposing the used tissues in his gross jar, feeding birds and collecting poop, picking lint out of Richard's belly button and Richard drinking out-of-date milk and Gumball holding up the gross jar, winking. We cut back to a rather confused Darwin.
Darwin says: "O..."
Darwin says: "kay."
Darwin says: "So what are you going to do with it?"
Richard walks into the kitchen behind the two, looking half asleep and yawning as he mistakes the gross jar for his coffee and puts it in the microwave.
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, that's the problem."
Gumball says: "I don't really know."
Gumball says: "It needs a final touch to make it a true masterpiece."
Richard turns on the microwave.
Gumball says: "Nuke it!"
Darwin says: "Nuke it!"
Richard says: "Could you tell me when my coffee's ready?"
Richard says: "I'll be in the garden."
Darwin says: "What's going on?"
Both look directly at the gross jar which mysteriously creates an eyeball. Gumball and Darwin scream.
Gumball says: "It's looking at me!"
Darwin says: "Dude, where did you find an eyeball?"
Gumball says: "I-I didn't."
Gumball says: "It must be the atomic power of the microwave."
The microwave dings, and smoke appears.
Darwin says: "It looks like it's alive."
Gumball opens the microwave door, then takes out the gross jar. Eyes and a mouth are created.
Kenneth says: "Mama."
Darwin says: "Did you hear that?"
Darwin says: "It called you "Mom."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Then I guess that makes you its dad."
Darwin says: "Its dad?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "I don't want to be a baby father!"
Darwin says: "Let's ditch it!"
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "Don't say stuff like that in front of him!"
Gumball says: "I mean, come on."
Gumball says: "He's kind of cute."
Gumball says: "Hello, little guy."
Kenneth laughs.
Gumball says: "Don't you worry about a thing."
Gumball says: "Me and your father will take care of everything."
Darwin sneaks away and Gumball sees him.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Where do you think you're going?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh… to buy some stuff?"
Darwin says: "At the shop?"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "He's your son."
Darwin sees Kenneth's cute looking body, then he cries.
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, little guy."
Darwin says: "From now on, I'll always be there for you."
Kenneth struggles.
Gumball says: "Darwin, I think he's ready for his first steps."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "He's got my top lip, too!"
Gumball says: "Dude, it's what babies do."
Gumball says: "He's just suckling."
Darwin says: "It's not suckling!"
Darwin says: "It's eating!"
Gumball says: "Okay, relax."
Gumball says: "He's just playing."
Gumball says: "He'll come off on his own."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "His teeth are sinking in!"
Gumball says: "Okay, that's enough!"
Gumball says: "Bad baby!"
Gumball says: "Stop mauling your father and get back in your jar this insta—"
Kenneth tackles Gumball and bites his neck.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "He's got my neck!"
Darwin says: "I know what it is."
Darwin says: "He must be hungry."
Feeding It.
Kenneth is in a high chair. He breaks a plate, snarling hungrily and excitedly.
Darwin says: "Okay, so it doesn't like fruits, vegetables, or cereal."
Darwin says: "But it does like pigeons, rats, raccoons, seagulls, and the mailman's butt."
Anais says: "What was all that noise?"
Anais says: "What are you two up—"
Anais says: "Aah!"
Anais says: "What is that thing?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's our baby."
Anais says: "What are you talking about?"
Anais says: "Where did you find it?"
Darwin says: "It came out of the microwave."
Anais says: "Are you sure it didn't come out of the toilet?"
Anais says: "It's disgusting."
Gumball says: "They always look a bit funny when they're just born."
Darwin says: "He's actually very advanced for his age."
Gumball says: "You should have seen him catch that seagull."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "You let that monster out?"
Gumball says: "Look, I was trying to be nice here, but you better stop insulting our child or I don't know what I'll do."
Anais says: "It's not a child!"
Anais says: "And what is it doing in my high chair?"
Gumball says: "Don't listen to her, Kenneth."
Gumball says: "She's just jealous."
Anais says: "You called it "Kenneth"?"
Gumball says: "Baby needs a name."
Gumball says: "Look, like it or not, you're Kenneth's aunt."
Gumball says: "Now, we're gonna buy more pigeon traps."
Gumball says: "You babysit."
Anais says: "Are you crazy?"
Anais says: "What do you think you're—"
Gumball and Darwin leave.
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Kenneth grumbles.
Anais says: "I guess you're kind of ugly cute."
Scene changes to Kenneth's point of view.
Anais says: "What kind of animal are you?"
Anais says: "Wow."
Anais says: "Those are pretty pointy teeth."
Kenneth gets out of the high chair.
Anais says: "What the—"
Anais says: "Aah!"
He jumps at Anais and she screams in fear. Later...
Gumball says: "Kenneth, we're home!"
Gumball drops his pigeon traps and he sees the messy room. Kenneth has gained weight. Anais is nowhere to be seen.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "What a mess."
Darwin says: "Where's Anais?"
Gumball says: "Eh, I knew she'd bail."
Darwin says: "Gumball, has Kenneth grown?"
Gumball says: "Grown into a trouble maker."
Gumball says: "This place is a mess!"
Gumball says: "Naughty Kenneth."
The doorbell rings.
Gary says: "Parcel for the Wattersons!"
Kenneth jumps out the high chair and runs to the front door.
Gary says: "Hi."
Gary says: "Waah!"
Gary says: "Whoa!"
Gumball and Darwin burst out the door while Kenneth slurps up the mailman.
Darwin says: "Did Kenneth just eat the mailman?"
Gumball says: "Uh, no, no, no."
Gumball says: "That's not possible."
Gumball says: "Not my Kenneth."
Darwin says: "Well, where is he, then?"
Gumball says: "What do I know, mailing?"
Gumball says: "I'm more worried about Kenneth."
Gumball says: "Does it look to you like he's gaining weight?"
Kenneth is seen eating garbage.
Darwin says: "I'm more worried about his attitude."
Darwin says: "This boy needs discipline."
Gumball says: "I think we need parental advice."
Parental Advice.
Richard relaxes in the backyard. He tans himself, with cucumber slices covering his eyes.
Gumball says: "So, um, we're doing this school project."
Richard says: "Uh-huh."
Gumball says: "And, uh, we've got to look after this, uh, gross dog thing."
Richard says: "I'm with you."
Gumball says: "And we need your help disciplining it."
Richard says: "Now, you've been a naughty doggy!"
Kenneth consumes Richard's finger.
Gumball says: "Dad, he's got your finger."
Richard says: "Well, that's to be expected, son."
Richard says: "The best thing to do is to remain calm and reassert your authority."
Kenneth consumes Richard's arm.
Gumball says: "Yeah, but it seems to be eating your arm."
Richard says: "Ha ha ha."
Richard says: "It's just testing its boundaries."
Richard says: "The worst you can do is give it attention for negative behavior."
As Richard talks, he is slowly eaten by Kenneth.
Richard says: "I have always found that a positive reinforcement approach is the best way to—"
Gumball says: "DAD!"
Darwin says: "DAD!"
Gumball says: "Kenneth's eaten Dad!"
Darwin says: "Probably Anais, too!"
Gumball says: "We've got to save them!"
Kenneth finishes eating Richard, and roars at the two.
Gumball says: "We'll save them later!"
Gumball and Darwin run away, screaming.
The Fight Against Kenneth.
Gumball and Darwin barricade the house. At night, Nicole comes back home.
Nicole says: "Hey kids."
Nicole says: "Sorry I'm late, I—"
Nicole says: "Ow!"
Nicole says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "Mom, something terrible in the garden became in the microwave and became alive and swallowed the mailman and dad and Anais and wants to eat us and we got here, and—"
Nicole says: "What?"
Gumball hyperventilates.
Nicole says: "Okay, slow down, boys."
Nicole says: "Where's your father?"
A sound from the backyard causes Gumball and Darwin to gasp and look at Kenneth walking through the window. Then they scream.
Gumball says: "It's turned to a monster, and now it's coming to get us!"
Darwin says: "It's turned to a monster, and now it's coming to get us!"
Nicole says: "Oh, for goodness' sake."
Nicole says: "It's probably just a raccoon."
Nicole says: "I'll go and check."
Nicole says: "You stay here."
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Don't go outside!"
Darwin says: "Don't go outside!"
Nicole goes outside, wary.
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Nicole says: "Where are you?"
Nicole says: "What's wrong with the kids?"
Nicole says: "They haven't been this scared since you made them wax your back."
Nicole says: "Richard, you better not be trying to scare me."
Nicole steps on a rubber duck, and is startled by it.
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Nicole says: "Aww."
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Nicole says: "Richard, stop playing games."
Kenneth sneaks from behind, and towers over Nicole.
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Nicole says: "Aaaaaaah!"
Nicole looks up, and screams. Back inside….
Gumball says: "Mo-o-o-o-o-m!"
Darwin says: "Mo-o-o-o-o-m!"
Darwin says: "This is all our fault!"
Darwin says: "It's because we're bad parents!"
Gumball says: "Kenneth has grown up to be a troubled child."
Darwin says: "A troubled child that eats people!"
Darwin says: "We've got to do something!"
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "No video games for a week."
Gumball says: "Uh, grounded for two weeks?"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Let's send him to boarding school."
Darwin says: "Stop being so soft!"
Darwin says: "We have to stop him now!"
Gumball cries. Cuts to the both of them creeping around out in the backyard, carrying tools for weapons. An owl hoots.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "It's an owl."
Gumball says: "Oh."
They continue walking. A twig cracks.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "A twig."
Gumball says: "Oh."
They continue walking again. A flapping sound is heard.
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "That's my butt cheek quivering with fear."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Look."
Gumball's butt is seen quivering. Then some of Kenneth's goo drops on them. He growls, and the Watterson brothers scream and run. Kenneth growls again, and pounces on the ground. He gets stuck in the fence.
Gumball says: "Darwin, this is our chance!"
They charge, and repeatedly smack Kenneth's butt with their weapons. But each time they hit it, someone inside Kenneth screams "ow." The brothers notice this, and gasp with joy.
Darwin says: "Are you all right in there?"
Richard says: "Partly digested and a little cramped, but otherwise fine."
Richard says: "Just get us out of here, please!"
Kenneth gets up, and sends the brothers flying. They hit a wall.
Gumball says: "Dude, we gotta do something."
Darwin says: "I got it!"
Darwin grabs the garden hose, and eventually ties it around himself.
Darwin says: "Tie the hose pipe around me, then all I have to do is dive into his mouth, grab everyone, make a human chain, and when I say, "okay," you simply pull us out."
Darwin says: "Got it?"
Darwin says: "Let's go!"
Darwin runs to Kenneth, and successfully gets eaten. He sees the other people inside.
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Did it!"
Darwin says: "Everybody, hold tight."
Darwin says: "Okay, Gumball, now pull!"
Gumball says: "Gotcha!"
Gumball says: "Okay, this isn't working."
Darwin says: "Well, think of something else!"
Darwin says: "Our lives depend on you!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I hate to tell you this, but I got nothin'."
Kenneth roars at Gumball, knocking him against the wall. He also turns the tap on with his impact, and Kenneth starts to bloat.
Gumball says: "No, no, no!"
Gumball says: "Kenneth, please don't eat me!"
Gumball says: "Please!"
Gumball says: "If you like eating people, I-I'll bring you some, like a good mother."
Kenneth continues growing with water.
Gumball says: "And, uh, maybe a salad once in a while because you're starting to get a little bit chubby."
Kenneth pops, and the water inside of him floods the backyard. Gary floats by Gumball, and hands him a package.
Gary says: "Here's your package."
Gary says: "Have a nice day."
A pigeon floats by, and the flood recedes. The rest of the Wattersons are by his side.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Anais says: "Gumball!"
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Richard says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Great idea, turning on the hose."
Gumball says: "Oh, pfft."
Gumball says: "It was nothing."
Gumball says: "Just quick thinking, you know?"
Gumball says: "I-I work best when I'm under pressure."
Gumball says: "It definitely wasn't an accident or anything."
Kenneth back to his small size is seen. Gumball and Darwin walk to him.
Gumball says: "Aww, Kenneth."
Gumball says: "Look at you now."
Gumball says: "You're as sweet as when you were born."
Gumball says: "Who could imagine he'd turn into such a—"
Richard says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Dad, no!"
Richard says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "That thing ate me and barfed me!"
Richard says: "I'm gonna end this right now!"
Gumball says: "B-But he didn't mean it."
Gumball says: "It's just that we've been bad parents!"
Anais says: "Gumball, that thing is a man-eating monster!"
Gumball says: "Yes, maybe he eats people once in a while, but maybe, just maybe, he needs some love and understanding."
Gumball says: "We are responsible for the future generation."
Gumball says: "We make the children that will become the world of tomorrow."
Gumball says: "Don't blame Kenneth."
Gumball says: "Blame yourselves, because you're my parents, too."
Nicole says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Look at him."
Gumball says: "He won't hurt anyone now."
Darwin says: "Doesn't this poor creature deserve a second chance?"
Everyone observes him "innocently" looking around.
Anais says: "Aww!"
Nicole says: "Aww!"
Richard says: "Aww!"
Anais says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "Okay."
Richard says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Trust me, guys."
Gumball says: "This time, it'll be different."
Skips to a gigantic Kenneth wreaking havoc on Elmore town. Sirens blare, and helicopters train their lights on Kenneth. Kenneth knocks a helicopter down, and roars.
Darwin says: "On second thought, we probably should have listened to Dad."
Episode ends.