Diagnosing Anais.
Episode begins with Anais being examined by the Bandage Doctor at Elmore Hospital.
Bandage Doctor says: "Okay, let me see."
The doctor removes the thermometer from Anais' mouth. She appears to be slouching, and both of her eyes are looking at different directions.
Bandage Doctor says: "A -hundred and ten."
Nicole says: "A hundred and ten degrees?"
Nicole says: "She's burning up!"
Bandage Doctor says: "No, that's just how much we charge for removing the thermometer."
Bandage Doctor says: "Her temperature is normal."
Bandage Doctor says: "Ninety-eight."
Nicole sighs in relief.
Bandage Doctor says: "No, ninety-eight is how much it cost for me to explain that to you."
Nicole groans and pays the doctor.
Bandage Doctor says: "Now, follow my finger."
The doctor moves one of his fingers, and only Anais' right eye follows his finger; he moves his other finger and both of her eyes follow the finger nearest to her eye.
Bandage Doctor says: "Interesting."
Bandage Doctor says: "How about..."
The doctor hits his fists together and makes it appear that both of the fingers are on his right hand; both of Anais' pupils appear on her left eye; the same thing happens when the doctor does this with his other hand. he then puts both fingers on their separate hands and Anais' eyes return to normal; the doctor then uses a stethoscope to listen to Anais' heart and an irregular beat is heard.
Bandage Doctor says: "Well, as a medical practitioner, I don't like the sound of this at all."
Bandage Doctor says: "But as a part-time DJ, I'm kind of feeling it."
Bandage Doctor says: "Me and my dogs we keep it a hundred, hundred."
Bandage Doctor says: "Money in the way twenty-twenty focused, skree."
Bandage Doctor says: "Stacks and stacks skrilla up to the ceiling, ceiling."
Bandage Doctor says: "Hands in the air, you know the feeling, skree."
Nicole says: "Doctor, please."
Nicole says: "Can you tell us what's wrong with her?"
Bandage Doctor says: "Yes, allow me to demonstrate."
Bandage Doctor says: "Could one of you do something stupid?"
A phone starts ringing.
Richard says: "I got it!"
Anais groans and raises her hand to facepalm, but the doctor swiftly grabs it to stop her.
Bandage Doctor says: "Just as I suspected."
Bandage Doctor says: "Your daughter's been facepalming at your stupidity for so long it's becoming dangerous."
Bandage Doctor says: "Take a look at this X-ray."
The Doctor shows an X-ray of Anais' brain, revealing a hand imprint on her brain; the other Wattersons gasp and the doctor pulls down a chart. Five brains with different sizes can be seen on it.
Bandage Doctor says: "There will be serious consequences for her brain if she facepalms again."
Richard says: "Oh no!"
Richard says: "Richard am sad!"
Nicole says: "What should we do Doctor?"
Bandage Doctor says: "I'm afraid there's only one cure."
Bandage Doctor says: "Anais cannot be exposed to any form of stupidity for an entire week."
Gumball says: "NINE WHOLE DAYS?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Two Cheeseburgers, Please.
The Wattersons are leaving the hospital parking garage.
Richard says: "It's gonna be pretty hard not to mess up, even with her wearing noise-cancelling headphones."
Richard says: "I mean, dumbness kind of runs in our family."
Richard says: "Just look at the Watterson coat of arms."
Gumball says: "What does that Latin stuff mean?"
Nicole says: ""Insert Family Motto Here."
Milk Guy says: "Yeah, okay guys, can you just get on with it?"
Richard says: "Oh yeah, sorry."
Richard says: "Five milkshakes and a double-  triple cheeseburger."
Camera zooms out revealing a parking lot entrance.
Milk Guy says: "For the fifth time, sir, this is a hospital parking lot, there's no food here."
Richard says: "What about those mints?"
The Milk Guy throws the mints at Richard.
Richard says: "You forgot the napkins."
The Milk Guy throws a pen at Richard. He gets increasingly angry each time he throws another object.
Richard says: "No, more to the left."
The Milk Guy throws a notepad at Richard.
Richard says: "Almost there."
The Milk Guy throws a stapler at Richard.
Richard says: "Little bit further."
The Milk Guy throws a tissue box at Richard.
Richard says: "There you go."
Richard says: "Thank you."
Nicole says: "I think I'm gonna put these noise-cancelling headphones right here."
Principal Brown and Miss Simian drive behind the Wattersons as they leave the parking lot.
Nigel Brown says: "Two cheeseburgers please, and hold the pickle."
The Milk Guy explodes in rage, filling the inside of the guardhouse with milk. Principal Brown and Miss Simian stare in shock.
The scene goes to the Watterson´s house.
Nicole says: "She's asleep."
Gumball says: "Good, then that is probably the time we drain ourselves."
Nicole says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "Well, I feel like a giant udder of stupidity, bloating and bursting waiting for someone, anyone to milk me."
Nicole says: "I agree with Gumball."
Nicole says: "But on the content rather than the form."
Nicole says: "You might as well be at your most facepalmy while she is not here to witness it."
All nod. A montage starts where Richard gets his whole head tattoed, Gumball starts eating a corn stuck into a power drill that begins to roll the his head. After that, Richard drives his car that has tied the cable with motor oil of a gas station. Seconds after, something explodes in the distance, the fire is approaching and the car explodes off-camera. The scene changes to Gumball riding a skateboard, but Darwin also comes with his bicycle that is tied to a ramp that makes Gumball fly vertically off-screen. When Darwin returns to see what happened, Gumball falls on him. Gumball then gets hit by the skateboard and gets knocked out. Later, Richard is in the gym is seen on a treadmill, but the camera then zooms out to show that he is sitting in an electric scooter while eating chips. Harold and Tony stare at him while they use their treadmills. Darwin attaches his bike to a pole and locks the chain. Later, Sal Left Thumb sees this, runs to it when Darwin leaves and simply takes the chain off the pole, cycling away. Darwin hears the noise and stops for a moment but then shrugs and continues walking. Richard is in the supermarket and is at the digital cashier.
Digital Cashier says: "Please place your items in the ba-a-gg-iii-ng arrr-e-aa."
Richard sees it, shrugs and starts waving his shopping bag in the air wildly as all its contents fly everywhere. Larry is walking in the supermarket parking lot and frowns when he discovers the Watterson's car parked over the shopping carts. In the Watterson's kitchen, the electric kettle starts to melt. In the park, Gumball got his head stuck on a slide. As Hank tries to separate the slide from him with an iron cutter, Rosie watches in shock. In the Watterson's kitchen, the toaster is spilling cheese while the Wattersons watch. Richard opens his mouth, watching excitedly but two pieces of toast with cheese on it gets shot onto his face.
Nicole says: "I think we found something even more infinite than the universe."
Darwin says: "Your eternal love for us?"
Nicole says: "Oh, yes, two things."
Nicole says: "Your abilities to emotionally manipulate me and all this family's stupidity."
Richard says: "It's not stupid if it works."
A Good Dill.
Nicole is in the supermarket and is putting her purchases in the counter. The checkout clerk takes a box of pasta.
Checkout Clerk says: "Oo, pasta huh?"
Checkout Clerk says: "Me gusta, as they say in Italy."
Checkout Clerk says: "Someone call the FBI, we have a ce-real killer over here."
Nicole blushes in embarrassment.
And I'm working at the till'.
We're supose to call it checkout.
But I'm gonna stick my neck out and say.
Till till, till dill, dill and till so dill with it.
Grabs a pickle and dancings I am a dill', I'm still working at the till'.
Earn a dime and earn a nickle with my fickle ickle pickle.
Anais tries to facepalm herself but Nicole stops her.
Say till dill, dill till, dill and till, so dill´with it.
Places the pickle on his nose.
I had a little spill, with my friendly little till.
Put you back into the jar with your herby vine-gar.
Places the pickle back in the jar and Nicole gets upset.
Say pickle fickle, jar can, I work and jerk and stand.
And bag a dill pickle, dill pickle.
D-d-d-d-d-d-deal with it, lady.
Checkout Clerk says: "That will be twenty-five ninety nine."
Nicole shows him some coupons.
Checkout Clerk says: "Nope sorry ma'am, your coupons expired today at twelve."
Nicole says: "Come on, it's twelve o' one!"
Checkout Clerk says: "It's the store policy, not my fault."
Nicole says: "Yes it is, you just spent half an hour singing "Don't go bacon my heart" to a pack of ham!"
Checkout Clerk says: "Sorry ma'am, rules are rules."
Nicole says: "Okay, I'm not getting in a fight with a teenager."
Nicole says: "Call to your supervisor please."
Checkout Clerk says: "Bobby, to the checkout, that's Bobby to the checkout."
A little baby dog arrives at the counter.
Bobby says: "How can Bobby help?"
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "How can be you in charge?"
Nicole says: "You got to be kidding, literally, I mean, you are so young that I bet you don't know the alphabet yet!"
Bobby says: "Yes I do, A, B, C, D, E, F, G..."
Bobby says: "uh..."
Checkout Clerk says: "H..."
Bobby says: "Heh!"
Bobby says: "H, I, J, K, LMNOP."
Nicole says: "Okay, that was pretty sweet, but I would still like to speak to the store manager, please."
Cuts to the manager walking towards Nicole. He is a milk bottle in a suit and tie in a baby walker.
Nicole says: "Okay, this really isn't helping."
Store-Manager says: "Well madam, if you wish, I can refer you to the CEO."
Cuts to a pregnant woman walking to Nicole.
A fat man appears but does nothing.
"Shareholders" says: "Sure, what seems to be the problem?"
Anais tries to facepalm herself again but Nicole stops her.
Fun-possible.
Nicole and Anais are in the car. The phone of the car starts to ring and Nicole answers it.
Nicole says: "Hello."
Richard says: "Hello honey, so yeah, could you help us settle an argument?"
Richard says: "When you said bleach the house, did you mean it the literal way, or more as a manner of speaking?"
Nicole says: "What have you done?"
Richard says: "I went for the literal approach."
Nicole looks to the house in shock and she turns the car.
Nicole says: "It looks like the entrance to paradise."
Nicole says: "Fix it now!"
In the house, everything is white and Gumball and Darwin are wearing sunglasses. Richard tries to place the phone back, but he can´t see where the phone's base is. After several attempts he succeeds, but the phone falls out after he turns around.
Richard says: "Kids, your old man's got it all worked out."
Darwin says: "We gotta repaint the whole house in the next ten minutes?"
Richard says: "Don't be silly."
Richard says: "We've got about two!"
Gumball says: "But that's impossible!"
Richard says: "I think you mean,  fun-possible."
Nicole drives back to the house.
Nicole says: "What the-?"
Looks at the house. Richard, Gumball and Darwin are playing with their paint guns, painting the house in the process.
A Family Reproach.
Nicole and Anais enter the house. The entire house is painted the same color as before.
Nicole says: "Hello?"
Nicole says: "What's that smell?"
Richard says: "Lunch is in the oven."
Nicole says: "Right..."
Nicole says: "why don´t you watch a little TV, Anais?"
Nicole says: "While I go check on the lunch."
In the kitchen, Nicole opens the oven and smells.
Nicole says: "Hey guys, can you step in here for a moment?"
Richard, Darwin and Gumball go to the kitchen.
Richard says: "What is it, honey?"
Nicole says: "Why is it upside down?"
In the oven, the mold with the melted cheese is upside down.
Darwin says: "It said on the pack to place it in the oven at a hundred and eighty degrees."
Richard says: "You’ll probably not gonna like dessert either."
Nicole says: "What is it?"
Richard says: "Creme..."
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "very brûlée."
The living room is then shown, where Anais is watching the tv.
Nicole says: "What is the matter with you..."
Nicole says: "?!"
Nicole says: "!"
On The TV, Phil is on the weather forecast. The medical Red Cross is to him on the screen.
Phil says: "But tomorrow, there will be high temperatures with a few IV drips of rain."
Phil says: "Then, things will take a turn for the nurse, so be sure to take intensive care."
Anais says: "Huh?"
A bird is standing on it. It suddenly chirps a few times, each chirp sounding like beeps from a heart monitor. It then takes off, a blue trail appears behind it as it flys a zigzag path similar to the reading of a heart monitor.
Anais says: "Huh?"
A brightly-colored ice-cream truck drives past the house. It has colorful medical-related cartoon stickers on the side and a giant syringe at the top of the truck. As it drives past, it plays a tune that sounds like something between an ice-cream truck song and an ambulance siren.
Back in the kitchen.
Nicole says: "Do you want Anais to end up like the three of you?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Nicole says: "Hmm?"
Richard is seen trying to eat one of the flaming baking cups with a spoon. He struggles to put part of the burning fire in his mouth, blowing it, trying to eat it then moving his hand away several times.
Gumball says: "Eh."
Nicole says: "I need everyone to stop acting like they use paint fumes for cologne!"
Gumball and Darwin look behind them as they realize that Anais has disappeared. They turn back with nervous faces.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Nicole says: "No I haven't finished yet!"
Nicole says: "This is about the future of your sister okay?"
Nicole says: "And if you think about it yours as well."
Nicole says: "I mean, ten years from now Anais may be the only difference between you three being Penn State, or state pen!"
Nicole says: "I'm still not finished!"
Short pause.
Gumball says: "Can I speak now?"
Nicole says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "She's gone."
Nicole gasps with a horrified face.
Saving Anais.
Cut to the Wattersons running across a street looking for Anais.
Nicole says: "It was hard enough protecting her from your stupidity, now we have to protect her from the whole world's?!"
Nicole says: "!"
They all stop at a park entrance and look towards the park.
Nicole says: "There!"
Anais is seen walking towards a group of the kindergarteners blindfolded and trying to hit a piñata.
Nicole says: "Richard, do something!"
Richard says: "I got this!"
Richard suddenly runs into the park, zooming away from them at an unnatural speed. He then zooms past Anais in a blur and collided with the kindergarteners with a large cloud of smoke.
Nicole says: "Get away from there!"
Suddenly, Anais' vision starts to blur and twist slowly and she hears their voices echo in her head.
Voices says: "Free candy!"
Voices says: "Get away from there!"
Voices says: "Free candy!"
Voices says: "-away from there!"
Voices says: "Free candy!"
Voices says: "-away from- -Free- -away- -Free- -way- -Freeway-!"
Anais' vision clears and she is suddenly on a freeway filled with moving vehicles. The other Wattersons are on a nearby bridge.
Nicole says: "Get off the freeway!"
Gumball says: "I got this!"
Nicole says: "Nothing stupid okay?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball takes out a marker and writes "10!" on an empty stop sign.
Gumball says: "Ten miles an hour ought to do it!"
Takes the sign and holds it up for the drivers to see. Unfortunately he holds it upside-down, making it read "¡01".
Drivers says: "A hundred and one?!"
Drivers says: "!"
Drivers says: "Whoo-hoo!"
The cars start crashing into each other. The mess of cars advance towards Anais as high speed as she watches. She then bends down and covers her head as one of the cars come flying above her. All the cars have now crashed across the road.
Nicole says: "Gumball what is wrong with your sight?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "You cause constant destruction!"
They all look down on the Freeway again. Hank, who is driving his truck,notices the wreakage and swerves to avoid it. As the truck flips, giant pills come out from the top, over Anais. As she watches the giant falling pills, all the sounds around her start to drown out and echo again.
Voice says: "What’s wrong with your sight?"
Voice says: "-constant destruction!"
Voice says: "-wrong with your sight?"
Voice says: "-constant destruction!"
Voice says: "-sight- -con- -struction- -site- -construction site!"
Her vision clears and Anais is now on a thin metal beam connected to a tall building above a construction site. As she starts to walk to the other end of the beam, the Wattersons run to the base of the building on the ground, and gasp as they look up.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "I can't look!"
Richard covers his eyes, pushing a lever beside him in the process. This causes rope holding a wooden plank to rise up. As Anais walks off the metal beam, the plank rises up to that level, saving her from falling. As the plank continues to rise, Gumball spots Steve in a crane reading a newspaper.
Gumball says: "I got this!"
The hat manages to hit him. Steve gets knocked out, pushing down the levers in front of him. This causes a suspended red metal beam to hit the plank and turn it the other way round, allowing Anais to enter the building. She then drops into a yellow half-pipe and slides down, the red beam from earlier miraculously moves towards the end of the pipe, saving her from falling. As the beam lowers, it turns at the same time, causing Anais, who is sitting on the beam, to fall downwards, straight into Richard's open arms.
Nicole says: "Oh, Anais!"
The Wattersons crowd around her and the camera changes to her point of view.
Gumball says: "All's well that ends well!"
Darwin says: "Let’s all go home and run a CT scan and another blood test!"
The beeping starts again.
Anais says: "Uh..."
Anais says: "huh?"
Nicole smiles. Instead of her teeth, it is a blank white space with a horizontal line going through the center, acting as a heart monitor. Richard is seen wearing a stethoscope.
Anais says: "Oh, my gosh..."
Darwin’s body is now an orange bottle of pills. All the sounds start to echo.
Darwin says: "Hm?"
Anais says: "None of this is real..."
Gumball says: "Anais, is everything alright?"
He opens his eye, a bright light shining out of it, covering the whole screen. Still in Anais’ point of view, the background starts to change.
The one bright eye changed to a flashlight, and the surroundings change into the hospital ceiling. Gumball's voice slowly changes into the bandage doctor's, who is holding the flashlight.
Bandage Doctor says: "-all right."
Bandage Doctor says: "She's going to be all right."
Anais wakes up with a huge long gasp. She has bandages on her head. her family, relieved, rushes to hug her.
Nicole says: "Thank goodness you're okay!"
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "What happened?!"
Anais says: "!"
They all suddenly have nervous faces.
Gumball says: "You know how we weren't supposed to say or do anything stupid for a week?"
Flashbacks to the start of the episode.
Bandage Doctor says: "Anais cannot be exposed to any form of stupidity for an entire week."
Gumball says: "NINE WHOLE DAYS?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais groans and facepalms, falling into the hospital bed she was sitting on. The beeping turned into one continuous long beep. Flashback ends.
Darwin says: "You've been out of it for thirty-six hours."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "and twelve bedpans."
Anais says: "So what now, Doctor?"
Anais says: "What's the prognosis?!"
Anais says: "!"
Bandage Doctor says: "It's called family, and I'm afraid there's no cure."
She turns to her family, confused. They all do a double thumbs up with goofy faces, but one of Richard's thumbs go too far up and pokes his eye without any reaction. Episode ends.