Empty Heart.
Jamie bursts into the cafeteria and walks to the front of the lunch line.
Jamie says: "Not in the mood for banana."
Banana Joe says: "Potato please can have, duhh."
Leslie and Tobias run and hide. Anton spits out his chocolate milk, screams, butters himself, puts cheese on his face, and lies on his tray. Jamie approaches.
Anton says: "Oh, sorry."
Anton says: "You don't like the crusts, do you?"
He cuts the crust off himself, screaming.
Jamie says: "Not in the mood for sandwich."
Jamie says: "You eat it."
She walks away and he eats himself. Alan eats soup.
Alan​​​​ says: "Mmm, perfect."
Alan​​​​ says: "Try some."
Jamie pops up and takes Carmen's lunch.
Jamie says: "Move."
She begins eating.
Carmen says: "My lunch."
Alan​​​​ says: "Here, Carmen, you can have mine."
Jamie says: "Wait."
Jamie says: "Are you, sharing with her?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Of course."
Alan​​​​ says: "There's no greater happiness than sharing with your sweetheart."
Jamie says: "I don't get it."
Alan​​​​ says: "Then maybe it's not just your stomach that's empty."
Jamie grabs Alan and lets the air out of him.
Jamie says: "Are you saying I've got an empty head?"
Alan​​​​ says: "No!"
Alan​​​​ says: "I meant your heart!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Your heart!"
Jamie throws him on the table.
Jamie says: "What do you mean, my heart?"
Alan talks, but is muffled so Jamie picks him up.
Alan​​​​ says: "I mean, maybe you'd feel better if you found someone to share things with."
Jamie goes brain-dead.
Carmen says: "Well played, you made her think."
Carmen says: "That buys us some time to escape."
The Realization.
On the bus, Jamie, still brain-dead, gasps.
Carmen says: "That was way more time than we needed."
Jamie says: "I need a sweetheart."
The bus explodes and everyone runs away screaming, except Darwin, whom Jamie slowly turns to...and grins at.
Cut to the Watterson household. Gumball and Darwin are in their room.
Gumball says: "Dude, what were you thinking?"
Gumball says: "Why didn't you just run?"
Darwin says: "I thought you said I need to sweat hard, like at the gym or something."
Gumball says: "Well, why did you say nothing when she asked you out?"
Darwin says: "Because when a gorilla charges you, you stay still and say nothing."
Darwin says: "I saw it on TV."
Gumball says: "Dude, she's not a gorilla."
Darwin says: "What is she, then?"
Gumball says: "Didn't you get that?"
Gumball says: ""Dun dun dun" is usually not a good sign."
Darwin says: "It's okay."
Darwin says: "I'll just ride out the storm and say nothing."
The New Girlfriend.
At school, the bell rings. Gumball is at his locker with Darwin.
Gumball says: "Trust me, man, you need to rub yourself with garlic."
Darwin says: "She's not a vampire."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but it would still keep most people away."
Jamie approaches, pushes Gumball into his locker, and shuts it.
Jamie says: "Okay, rule one: If you ignore me or break up with me, there will be serious consequences involving you, me, a spoon, and a saltshaker."
Jamie says: "Sorry, honey."
Jamie says: "Lost my temper there for a second."
Jamie says: "See you at lunch."
She begins to walk away, then turns and blows Darwin a kiss. The kiss gets caught in a locker. She waves at him and walks away. Gumball's locker opens and he falls out, beat up. His limbs are detached.
Lunchtime.
The bell rings. In the cafeteria, Gumball is about to eat his pizza slice when Jamie approaches and takes his tray, pushing it against Darwin's.
Jamie says: "Wanna share Gumball's lunch with me, sweetheart?"
She shoves the pizza slice into Darwin's mouth.
Gumball says: "Hey, Jamie, if a coconut has both hair and milk, why isn't it classified as a mammal?"
Gumball says: "Were you just gonna sit in silence up there, why aren't you saying anything?"
Darwin says: "Simple - her problem is that she doesn't understand love so the best thing to do is to wait quietly until she works it out for herself."
Gumball says: "But, dude, you're encouraging her."
Gumball says: "Could you at least look less adorable?"
Gumball says: "Something more like this."
His face turns ugly. Darwin sighs.
Darwin says: "You know I can only look adorable."
Darwin says: "See?"
Jamie says: "Nipples!"
Gumball and Darwin go back up.
Gumball says: "What?"
Jamie says: "A coconut has milk, but it doesn't have nipples, which means it's not a mammal, it's a hairy milk carton from a tree."
Gumball says: "Wow."
Jamie says: "Can we get some privacy?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Jamie says: "We're having a romantic meal here!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I know, it's mine."
Jamie says: "Look, if you don't get out of here, there will be serious consequences involving you, me, an electric fan, and a pair of dice."
Gumball thinks, whispering, and shudders. He walks away. Jamie shoves a spoonful of food into Darwin's mouth.
In the Schoolyard.
Jamie stares at Darwin creepily and breathes for several seconds.
Jamie says: "To think we've only been together for a day."
Jamie says: "It takes some couples years to have the kind of long, comfortable silence as we have when we're alone."
Gumball says: "You're not alone  And this isn't exactly comfortable."
Jamie says: "What did I tell you?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Gumball sighs.
Gumball says: "Benches don't talk."
Sarah walks past.
Sarah says: "Hey, guys."
Jamie says: "So how long has this been going on?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Sarah says: "What?"
Jamie says: "No one asked for your opinion, you frozen freak!"
Jamie says: "Do you know what happens when you mess with my man?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Sarah says: "I think you might be overreacting."
Jamie says: "I'll show you overreacting!"
Jamie says: "Yeah."
Sarah retches.
Sarah says: "Who does that?!"
Sarah says: "!"
Jamie chases her around.
Darwin says: "Now it's pretty gorilla-ish to me."
Gumball says: "Dude, she's your girlfriend, do something."
Gumball says: "Look, if you don't wanna talk, how 'bout you just use body language?"
Gumball says: "It's easy: "I,  Right, I'll just, uh, g-g-go scrape Sarah off that, uh, general area and take her to the infirmary."
He runs away and Jamie grins at Darwin.
Gym Class.
Jamie cracks her joints and bench-presses a treadmill. Gumball, Darwin, and Richard look on.
Richard says: "Now I can see why you guys don't want to go to gym class."
Gumball says: "You should see what she does with the lacrosse stick."
Gumball says: "Wait, what are you doing here?"
Richard says: "You forgot your gym-dodging kit."
He brings out crutches and hospital equipment.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "The less interaction with her, the better."
Richard says: "Who is she?"
Gumball says: "Your future daughter-in-law."
Richard says: "Really?"
Richard says: "Daaaaarwiiin!"
He makes random noises.
Gumball says: "Are you done?"
Richard says: "Almost."
Richard says: "Hello, young lady."
Richard says: "I'm Darwin's father."
Jamie says: "No, you listen to me, mister."
Jamie says: "I DON'T CARE THAT YOU DISAPPROVE OF OUR LOVE, YOU CAN'T STOP US FROM SEEING EACH OTHER!"
Richard says: "What?"
Jamie says: "What?"
Jamie says: "What?"
Jamie says: "You find this hard to swallow?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Jamie says: "Then I have plenty more where that came from!"
Time lapse. In the schoolyard, Gumball and Darwin watch as Richard, now with a lacrosse stick lodged in his head, gets into his car and drives off.
Gumball says: "How could you let that happen to your own father and say nothing?"
Apology.
Time lapse. Gumball and Darwin walk down the hall.
Gumball says: "I mean, if she were a food, there would be a label on her saying "Contains nut"."
Gumball says: "If she were an animal, she'd be a crayfish."
Gumball says: "If she were a bird, her song would go "Cuckoo cuckoo "."
Jamie comes out of a room, looking sad.
Jamie says: "There's a message in there for you about your dad."
She walks away. Gumball opens the door to see Mr. Small, Rocky, Mr. Corneille, the librarian, Principal Brown, and the nurse taped to the lockers, spelling out "SORREE" with their bodies.
Gumball says: ""Sorrrreeehhh"."
Nigel Brown says: "Is she gone?"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Gumball says: "And if her spelling were better, she could've spared one of you."
Gumball says: "Whoa, she even left a kiss next to it."
Gumball says: "Who kisses like that?"
Gumball says: "It's like a rap star snarl."
Gumball says: "Mwah."
Gumball says: "Dude, for the sake of everyone's safety, can you please talk to her and put an end to this?"
Darwin says: "Mm-mm."
In Class.
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Please."
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "Please."
Gumball says: "Bummer."
Gumball says: "Usually, it works on TV."
Jamie says: "Darwin."
Jamie says: "Why aren't you sitting next to me?"
Gumball says: "He is next to you."
Jamie says: "But he's also next to you."
Gumball says: "So?"
Jamie says: ""So"?"
Jamie says: "I'm tired of having to share my boyfriend with his other boyfriend."
Gumball says: "Wait, there's a big difference between a boyfriend and a friend who's a boy, you know."
Jamie says: "Not to me."
Jamie says: "Darwin, do you realize how this makes me feel?"
Darwin says: "Mmmm."
Jamie says: "Then I'll show you."
Jamie says: "Gumball, from now on, you're my boyfriend, too."
Zoom in on a shocked Gumball. He imagines a wedding on the beach involving him, Darwin, and Jamie.
Larry says: "You may now kiss the brides."
Gumball and Darwin lift their veils and Jamie kisses them.
Fast forward. Jamie leaves the Watterson household while Gumball and Darwin stand in the doorway dressed as housewives.
Jamie says: "You already have a job, your job is to look after the kids."
She drives off while Gumball and Darwin look on as their many kids cry.
Cut to the living room where Gumball and Darwin have new hairdos, which they show Jamie.
Gumball says: "Do you, uh, notice anything different?"
Jamie says: "Hmm."
Jamie says: "You look older."
Back to reality. Gumball begins to hyperventilate and say something.
Darwin says: "Don't say anything."
Darwin says: "She has to work it out for herself."
The bell rings.
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll just run."
Darwin says: "No, don't do anything either, just stay here."
The Chase.
Gumball bolts out of the room and runs.
Jamie says: "Gumball!"
Jamie says: "Come back here!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Jamie says: "Hello, boyfriend."
Jamie says: "I hope you're ready for your  special present."
She wields a bat with a bow wrapped around it.
Gumball says: "Somebody!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
He sucks his thumb and rocks back and forth.
Jamie says: "Here it comes!"
Gumball says: "What do you want from me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Jamie goes brain-dead. Gumball waves his hand in her face. She drops the bat, back to normal.
Jamie says: "I can't do this."
Jamie says: "I can't force you to be my boyfriend."
Jamie says: "That's not how love works."
Jamie says: "I'M NOT DONE YET!"
Jamie says: "If you wanna be in a relationship, there has to be a mutual bond of trust."
Beat.
Jamie says: "THERE'S MORE!"
Jamie says: "Love is not something you take, it's something you earn."
Jamie says: "I'M DONE NOW!"
Gumball says: "O-okay, good!"
Gumball says: "I-I only have one question, though."
Gumball says: "What were you gonna do with the fan and the dice?"
Jamie says: "Nothing."
Jamie says: "I know people who imagine way scarier stuff than anything I could think of."
Jamie says: "So I just took any two words together."
Jamie says: "You, me, a jug of gravy, and an umbrella."
Jamie says: "A flame and a French horn."
Jamie says: "A feather duster and a pack of mini pizzas."
Gumball is about to speak when the lights turn on.
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "Stop, Jamie!"
Darwin says: "You don't understand!"
Darwin says: "Love is not something you take, it's something you earn!"
As Darwin speaks, Gumball tries to signal to him to stop.
Jamie says: "YOU THINK I'M STUPID?"
Jamie says: "YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW WHAT LOVE IS?"
Darwin's point of view. Jamie sucker punches him. He wakes up in the infirmary with Gumball looking at him.
Gumball says: "You know, dude, all you had to do was keep your mouth shut and say nothing."
Episode ends.