Friend Requested.
The episode begins with Gumball and Darwin at home in their bedroom. Gumball is busy browsing the internet on his computer.
Darwin says: "Are you searching your name online again?"
Gumball says: "No, I've learned my lesson."
Gumball says: "Every time I close my eyes, I can still see those weird drawings of me."
Gumball shudders and cries out in fear as he recalls different fanart.
Gumball says: "Who draws that stuff?"
Gumball says: "No, I'm searching other people's names."
Gumball says: "Like, did you know that Rocky trained at a mime school for a whole year?"
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "I can see how those skills would be useful to a janitor."
Gumball says: "And did you know that Mr."
Gumball says: "Small released an album?"
The screen shows an image of Mr. Small, with a tube inserted in his mouth.
Darwin says: "What does it sound like?"
Gumball clicks play, and a throaty, buzzing sound resonates.
Darwin says: "Uh, like the cover would suggest."
Gumball says: "And you want to know what's even weirder?"
Gumball says: "Grandpa Louie has an Elmore Plus profile."
Gumball says: ""Just a fun guy looking to get into your friend zone."
Both of their faces fully recede into their bodies.
Gumball says: "I just cringed all the way back into my lower intestine."
The computer beeps, and they return to normal.
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "He sent us a friend request."
Gumball says: "Being friends online with your grandpa is like taking your mom to the prom."
Darwin says: "But he's got zero friends."
Darwin says: "And look at that post."
Darwin says: ""Anyone up for a game of squash?"
Darwin says: "" No one replied."
Darwin says: "He probably ended up playing against the wall."
Gumball says: "Squash, the lonely man's tennis."
Darwin says: "This is so sad!"
Gumball says: "No, it's not."
Darwin says: "Dude, stop hiding your tears."
Darwin says: "I know you feel sorry for him too."
Gumball says: "No, I don't."
Darwin says: "Don't repress your feelings."
Gumball says: "I feel nothing for him."
Gumball says: "Nothing."
Darwin says: "I know you're holding back, because—"
Water jets gush from Gumball's eyes, knocking Darwin to the floor as he screams.
Darwin says: "Okay, are you—"
The same thing happens again, and Darwin gets back up.
Darwin says: "So, you agree we need to help Grandpa Louie."
Gumball says: "You know what we should do?"
Gumball says: "Pretend to be his friend online by creating an entirely fictitious persona."
Darwin says: "Now, when you say "should," surely you mean "definitely shouldn't."
Gumball says: "Nope."
Gumball says: "I mean "have."
Painting a Muriel.
Gumball and Darwin get off the bus at school and stand on the sidewalk.
Darwin says: "Isn't Grandpa Louie too old to have imaginary friends?"
Gumball says: "She won't be imaginary to him."
Gumball says: "And besides, that comment was ageist."
Gumball says: "You're never too old to have imaginary friends."
Gumball says: "I still love you, Mr."
Gumball says: "Smiggles."
He exchanges an awkward glance with Darwin, then heads for the entrance. A sudden gust of wind rustles the papers Darwin is holding.
Raspy Voice says: "I love you, too."
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Later, the brothers are talking in the school's playground.
Gumball says: "Ah, don't worry."
Gumball says: "It's just a little white lie."
Darwin says: "But why do you have to make her a woman?"
Gumball says: "It's just how I feel inside."
Darwin says: "Okay, so what's her name?"
Gumball says: "Muriel."
His cellphone beeps, and he pulls it from his pocket.
Gumball says: "Grandpa Louie's accepted!"
Gumball says: "And he wants to know more about Muriel."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "what are old people into?"
Darwin says: "I dunno."
Gumball says: "Um."
Gumball says: ""I like mortgages, and v-voting."
Gumball says: "And..."
Gumball says: "I drive cars with my driver's license."
Darwin says: "Oh, and putting cucumbers on your eyes."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: ""Please tell me more about you."
Darwin says: "Hm."
Gumball says: ""Thanks for asking."
Gumball says: "My story begins four score and seven years ago, back when things were..."
Gumball's voice fades, replaced by Grandpa Louie's and the scene changes to a slideshow of when Louie was younger.
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "very different."
Louie says: "As a young boy, I had no trouble making friends."
Louie says: "In fact, I was so popular, I got invited to all the birthday parties."
Louie says: "And when they got older, their weddings."
Louie says: "Even their honeymoons..."
Louie says: "which was a bit awkward."
Louie says: "I was so well-liked, they used to call me "Fluey Louie."
During the non-stop texts, Gumball's phone continuously vibrates, making him struggle to write in class.
Louie says: "After the Spanish Influenza which was very popular at the time."
Later, in the cafetera, Gumball is struggling to properly eat due to the phone's vibration.
Louie says: "Even animals loved me, apart from horses."
Louie says: "But I never trusted horses."
Louie says: "Their faces are too long, and they have mohawks."
[The scene shows Louie still texting non-stop says: "-D" emotions later."
adding "^^ says: "-D" emotions later."
Louie says: "I was so popular at school, I even became friends with the teachers."
Louie says: "We had such crazy nicknames for each other, like "Mr."
Louie says: "Klein," or "Sir," or sometimes accidentally, "Dad."
The scene then fades to Louie at the supermarket. And as he takes a prune juice box from a shelf, he sees Granny Jojo while she's examining a can of green peas with a bigger pair of glasses, leaving him lovestruck the moment he sees her.
Louie says: "When I got older, things got even better."
Louie says: "I met Jojo."
Louie says: "She opened my eyes to something greater."
Louie says: "Love."
The scene then fades to a reverie of Granny Jojo laying naked in a pile of lavenders.
Louie says: "Everything about her was magical."
Louie says: "Her luscious lips, her flowing hair, her cutie patootie..."
Gumball is standing at a bus stop with Darwin, when his cellphone comes to life.
Phone says: "I'm sorry, but I refuse to picture that last image."
Phone says: "Goodbye, cruel world."
Louie's messages carry on through the night, the flashing of the computer monitor keeping Gumball and Darwin awake.
Louie says: "Our romance was ravenous, insatiable, our hearts melting with hunger until we consumed each other like a pair of feasting lions."
Louie says: "We spent every hour of every day..."
Gumball gets out of bed and leaves the room, with Darwin following after him.
Gumball says: "I'm gonna go bathe in disinfectant."
Darwin says: "Good idea."
Darwin says: "I'm gonna steam-clean my brain."
The scene then goes into a dramatic recreation, of a giant Granny Jojo keeping Louie prisoner between her hands.
Louie says: "But very soon, her loving arms refused to let go of me, and she kept me captive."
Louie says: "Her tender fingers now the bars of a gilded cage, from which I can never escape!"
The scene then cuts back into reality.
Louie says: "Anyhoo, enough about me."
Louie says: "What's your favorite food?"
In the living room, Gumball is on the sofa, using the laptop. Darwin is seated beside him, observing.
Gumball says: ""Edible."
Gumball says: "Listen, I gotta go."
Darwin says: ""That's fine."
Darwin says: "Just take your phone so we can keep messaging."
Gumball says: ""What if I'm in the middle of a hold-up or something?"
Gumball says: "" "Hand's free mode?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "" Aah!"
Gumball says: "He just doesn't give up!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "You're the one who wanted to help him."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "You're the one who came up with Muriel!"
Gumball says: "I blame Muriel!"
Darwin says: ""We have to meet."
Darwin says: "There's something you should know."
Gumball says: ""There's something you should know, too."
Gumball says: "I thought I needed a friend, but the way you patiently listened to me made me realize something else."
Gumball says: "Muriel, I think we're more than just Elmore Plus friends?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin make shocked faces at the reading of that last message.
Hopping Mad.
Meanwhile, Louie is in a booth at the Joyful Burger restaurant. He quickly conceals his phone when Jojo approaches him.
Louie says: "Oh, hello pumpkin."
Louie says: "Uh, didn't see you there."
Granny Jojo says: "You look guilty."
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "That's weird, because my conscience is so clean."
Louie says: "Spotless."
Granny Jojo says: "You're lying."
Granny Jojo says: "Your eyes always look to the right when you're lying."
Louie says: "No, I'm not."
His eyeballs rotate in their sockets, after which his fur lights up.
Granny Jojo says: "What's that?"
Granny Jojo says: "Sorry, honey."
Granny Jojo says: "Was that your favorite shirt?"
Louie says: "No, it was my favorite skin."
Granny Jojo says: "What's this heart icon?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "Oh, that."
Louie says: "That's just a health application telling me how unhealthy I am."
Jojo glares at him, causing Louie to tense up and sweat. She starts to laugh, and he joins in.
Granny Jojo says: "I thought I'd found you cheating on me."
Louie says: "I know, me too."
Louie says: "For a second there, I thought you were looking at all my messages to Muriel."
Granny Jojo says: "Muriel?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Granny Jojo says: ""I want to be more than just Elmore Plus friends?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Granny Jojo says: "" "Let's meet in real life?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Granny Jojo says: "" "Two PM at the mall?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Louie says: "Wait, I can explain!"
Jojo snarls at him. Back in the Wattersons' living room, Gumball and Darwin are fighting over the laptop.
Gumball says: "Are you crazy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Why do you want to meet with him?"
Darwin says: "Because we have to come clean."
A message pops up on the monitor.
Gumball says: ""Muriel, if you happen to see a two hundred pound raging rodent in a dress running towards you while screaming and wielding a sledgehammer, please stay out of her way."
Gumball says: "I know that's good advice generally, but in this specific instance, it's most likely my wife coming after you."
Darwin says: "Wait, it's fine."
Darwin says: "Muriel doesn't exist."
Darwin says: "You made her up."
Darwin says: "Where'd you get her profile picture form?"
Gumball says: "Meh, just randomly online."
Gumball says: "Okay, there's one funny piece of news, and another not so funny piece of news."
Darwin says: "Funny one first, please."
Gumball says: "When I search for her photo, all the related pictures are of guinea fowl."
The brothers share a snicker.
Gumball says: "And the not so funny news is, that the picture comes from the mall's website."
Darwin is still snickering.
Gumball says: "She works there."
Darwin then gasps in horrified realization. On the road, Jojo is recklessly driving through traffic as she rushes to Elmore Mall.
Louie says: "Jojo, please!"
Louie says: "I never meant to hurt you!"
Granny Jojo says: "Of course you didn't."
Granny Jojo says: "Now would you mind closing your window, dear?"
Louie says: "Sure, why?"
The car swerves and crashes through a barricade, causing Louie to smack his head against the glass.
Granny Jojo says: "So you can feel on the outside how I feel on the inside!"
Louie says: "So now we're even?"
Granny Jojo says: "Yes, we are."
Granny Jojo says: "BUT I'M NOT EVEN WITH MURIEL!"
Gumball and Darwin enter the mall's parking lot. On their right, they see the woman whose likeness they borrowed, while to their left, Granny Jojo is racing toward her.
Gumball says: "MURIEL!"
An entirely different person answers his call.
Muriel says: "Yes, dear?"
Gumball says: "Oh, right."
Gumball says: "Uh, so basically we made a fake profile online to be friends with our grandpa because we felt sorry for him."
Gumball says: "And then her made-up name is Muriel, but I forgot that wasn't her real name, which is funny because when I called her, you answered."
Gumball says: "Now you should probably jump out of the way, because our grandma is about to run you over with her car."
Muriel says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "Maybe I shoulda just said—"
Gumball says: "WATCH OUT!"
Jojo spots her target on the other side of the lot, and accelerates.
Granny Jojo says: "There she is!"
Gumball says: "Grandma, stop!"
She slams the brakes and veers to avoid hitting Gumball. The vehicle flips over his head and rolls to a stop by the entrance. Punching the door off of the car, Jojo continues her pursuit inside the mall.
Mall Brawl.
Granny Jojo says: "Where is she?"
Gumball and Darwin go after their grandmother, but she is already on the second floor, trying to take Hexagon Lady's shopping cart.
Gumball says: "We need to stop Granny Jojo!"
Hexagon lady says: "They're my groceries!"
Hexagon lady says: "Give it back!"
Jojo knocks Hexagon Lady over, then pushes the cart onto the same escalator.
Gumball says: "Muriel!"
Muriel says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "Not you!"
He sprints to the escalator, and, with a leaping dive, hits the button to reverse its direction. The runaway cart stops at the bottom, and fake Muriel walks away unscathed. Jojo follows her from above, stopping by the railing.
Granny Jojo says: "There she is!"
Climbing onto the rail, Jojo prepares to use a banner decoration as a rope swing, but Darwin unties the other end and she falls backward instead.
Granny Jojo says: "Ohh!"
Granny Jojo says: "My hip replacement."
Jojo catches up with fake Muriel as she is leaving a grocery store.
Granny Jojo says: "You're not getting away from me!"
She picks up a baseball bat from a nearby display and prepares to throw it, but Darwin quickly swaps it for a boomerang.
Granny Jojo says: "Stop meddling!"
Granny Jojo says: "This is none of your business!"
Darwin says: "Granny Jojo, there's been a mistake!"
Darwin says: "Muriel—"
Granny Jojo says: "Eh, a rest will do you good."
At the pet shop, she meets up with her unwitting prey once more. Reaching into a cage, she pulls out a striped snake, as Gumball and Darwin race up behind her.
Gumball says: "G-Granny Jojo, you don't get it!"
Granny Jojo says: "I may not, but she certainly will!"
Jojo tries to toss the snake, but a dove flies from her hand instead. The bird delivers an olive branch to fake Muriel.
Fake Muriel says: "Ahh."
Granny Jojo turns to face her grandchildren, while Gumball attempts to remove the snake now wrapped around his screaming brother's head.
Granny Jojo says: "That's the exact opposite of the message I was trying to send!"
Gumball says: "You don't understand!"
Gumball says: "Muriel doesn't exist!"
Gumball says: "We made her up!"
Louie says: "Noooo!"
Granny Jojo says: "Eh?"
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "problem then."
Granny Jojo says: "Well then, who's that?"
Gumball says: "We just used her photo."
Gumball says: "We made her up so Grandpa Louie could have a friend online."
Louie says: "What?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "Do you know what a cat and a fish pretending to be someone else online is called?"
Gumball says: "Cat..."
Gumball says: "fishing?"
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "It's called..."
Louie says: "wait."
Louie says: "Actually, yes, that is what it's called."
Gumball says: "But if we lied to make you happier, is that really so wrong?"
Louie says: "It is literally illegal."
Darwin says: "None of this would have happened if Granny Jojo wasn't so controlling!"
Granny Jojo says: "What are you talking about?"
Louie says: "Well, honey, you must admit..."
The scene flashbacks to Louie brushing his teeth. Upon spitting, he smiles at his reflection, and a thrown pair of dentures suddenly shatters the mirror. Louie turns around and sees an angry Granny Jojo.
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, sorry."
Granny Jojo says: "I thought you were smiling at someone else."
Next, they are at a store's self-checkout machine.
Machine says: "Please scan your items."
Granny Jojo says: "Who do you think you're talking to?!"
Granny Jojo says: "!"
Granny Jojo says: "He's my boyfriend!"
Granny Jojo says: "Mine!"
Granny Jojo says: "I'll stick my foot in your bagging area!"
Lastly, at the doctor's office.
Louie says: "Thank you for your advice, Doc."
Louie says: "I'll make sure to eat more fiber next time."
Louie attempts to shake the doctor's hand, but Jojo slaps it away, they retry to shake hands again, but fail. The flashback ends.
Louie says: "You're even jealous of the exes in my X-rays."
Granny Jojo says: "Then why did you want to be more than just friends with Muriel?"
Louie says: "I meant more than just Elmore Plus friends."
Louie says: "A friend in real life."
Louie says: "You must admit, you don't really let me see my other friends anymore."
Granny Jojo says: "It's just, I love you so much, Louie."
Granny Jojo says: "I didn't realize I was stifling you."
Granny Jojo says: "I'm sorry."
Granny Jojo says: "Come here."
Gumball says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "So, does this mean Grandpa Louie's allowed to have friends?"
Granny Jojo says: "Maybe just one."
One "New Friend".
Gumball is back in his bedroom with Darwin, and is again using the computer.
Gumball says: "Ah, he's finally got an online friend."
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "Who is it?"
Gumball clicks, and an image of a frowning Granny Jojo fills the screen.
Gumball and Darwin says: "Ugh."
Episode ends.