The Quest Is Offered!
An armored skeleton sits on a throne in a room illuminated by only a few rays of sunlight. It wields a spear in one hand and a shield in the other, sitting as if still watching over the space before it.
Narrator says: "In an age long forgotten, legend speaks of an unsung hero."
Narrator says: "Some call him "The Couch Crusher," to others he is known simply as "The Oncoming Wind."
Narrator says: "" But to a special few, he is known as—"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Anais says: "Dad!"
The scene cuts to Richard sleeping on the couch at home, in the same pose, the spear replaced by a broom, the shield by a half-eaten pizza in its box. Anais, Darwin and Gumball surround him. They are all poking him impatiently, to no avail.
Gumball says: "Wake up!"
Gumball pokes his arm all the way into Richard's face.
Gumball says: "Gah!"
Gumball says: "My arms are too short to reach a nerve!"
Darwin says: "Why do we wanna wake him up anyway?"
Gumball says: "Because, it's completely unfair that he gets to veg out all day while we have to go to school!"
Anais says: "Hmm!"
Darwin says: "Hmm!"
Nicole passes behind them as they continue their futile poking.
Nicole says: "If you want him to wake up, you have to use the magic word."
Gumball says: ""Please?"
Nicole says: "No, "bacon."
Richard says: "YES!"
A bus honks outside.
Nicole says: "Come on, guys, you're gonna be late for school."
Gumball says: "Why does he get to sit there all day?"
Nicole says: "He doesn't!"
Nicole says: "He has a very important list of chores to do while I'm at work."
Gumball says: ""Get mayo?"
Gumball says: "" Where's the rest of the list?"
Nicole says: "Well, I've never seen him make it down to two, so..."
Nicole says: "Eh."
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "It's not as easy as it looks."
Gumball says: "You're right, I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "Please be careful, O, father, on this dangerous and mighty quest!"
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Gumball says: "I was being sarcastic."
Richard says: "Thank you?"
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Narrator says: "And thus begins our hero's quest."
Narrator says: "He shall not rest until he has returned with the sacred sauce."
Narrator says: "Uuu-uuurgh!"
Narrator says: "Let the quest begin!"
The Quest Begins!
Richard jumps to his feet, startled. The scene cuts to a sequence as he gets dressed. He tries to wear his pants over his boots.
Richard says: "I should have put the pants on first."
Richard says: "Oh, forget it."
He kicks down the door and leaves the house to get in his car, screaming and brandishing a feather duster and a broom.
Gaylord says: "Cover your eyes, Margaret, the neighbor's going to the store again."
Richard says: "Onwards, Cartax!"
Narrator says: "And so our hero begins his journey through the perilous kingdom of Elmore."
Richard says: "Go, Cartax, go!"
Richard says: "Go!"
Richard is seen driving on a mountain road, before it is revealed he is stuck in a traffic jam.
Richard says: "Go!"
Richard says: "Go!"
The Oracle of Suburbia.
Some time later, he traverses a misty area in town.
Narrator says: "After many miles, our warrior reaches the territory of the oracle of suburbia."
The car's hazard lights turn on.
Richard says: "What is it, Cartax?"
Richard says: "Your hazard lights are on."
Richard says: "Is there danger ahead?"
Mrs. Jötunheim suddenly appears in the middle of the road.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "Who goes there?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Where are you?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Down here."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Turn back or perish!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Your quest for mayo is doomed!"
Richard says: "How do you know about my quest?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Underpants don't have pockets."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "But I can also read your future, rotund warrior."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I will let you see it..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "at a cost."
Richard says: "Name your price, troll thing."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I know almost everything..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Apart from this: what does LOL mean?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I keep getting it in messages and want to use it myself to feel cool, but I don't know what it means."
Richard says: "Uh, it means..."
Richard says: "lots of love?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Thank you."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: ""Dear master of the Dark Arts, sorry to hear about your mother, LOL."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "" Now kneel before me."
Richard kneels, allowing Mrs. Jötunheim to place her hand on his forehead. A vision in black and white shows Richard walking down the street, then a building on fire, a roaring T-Rex, and finally the side of a car being splattered.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Many of Elmore's unemployed heroes went to the supermarket, and never came back."
Richard says: "You don't mean..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Yes, they got hired and now work there."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Then may the spirits be with you and your journey, destroyer of burgers."
The Trolls of the Toll Booth.
Richard keeps driving until he reaches a toll booth. A guard closes the barrier in front of him.
Guard says: "If you wish to pass the gates of old, you must first cross our palms with gold."
Richard says: "What?"
Guard says: "We be the trolls of this toll booth."
Guard says: "Pay for your passage or lose a tooth."
Richard says: "I still don't get it, are you speaking English?"
Guard says: "Ugh."
Guard says: "It's twenty-five cents to go through."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Are you highway bandits?!"
Richard says: "!"
Guard says: "Technically we are at the service of the government, but basically, yes."
Richard says: "Then feel my wrath!"
Richard closes the window on the guard's hand.
Guard says: "My hand!"
He sprays the guard's face with washer fluid, causing him to fall over.
Guard says: "Ah, my eye!"
Richard says: "Go, Cartax, go!"
Richard drives through the gate. More guards appear and throw tickets at the car, covering the windshield.
Richard says: "Toll penalty tickets!"
Richard opens the hood, which blocks most of the tickets. A giant guard stands in his way, but when it seems Richard is going to joust with him, he throws his broom at a nearby lamppost. He then turns on the headlights, blinding the guard.
Richard says: "Psyche!"
Richard drives past the guard just before the lamppost falls down and knocks him out.
A Noble Sacrifice.
A map shows the different areas Richard has crossed.
Narrator says: "Our warrior continued his journey through the kingdom."
Narrator says: "He almost broke his wrist honking too much in the Valley of Car-tastrophia."
Narrator says: "He fought for a long time to escape the deadly vortex of the drive-through window, where your worst enemy is yourself, until he made it to the dreaded Swamps of Asphalt."
Richard drives slowly on a road which appears to be under construction. The wheels of his car start sinking in the asphalt.
Richard says: "No, we cannot continue this way, Cartax."
Richard says: "We must turn back."
Richard says: "But at least the tension hasn't been artificially heightened by having that precariously balanced tree fall and block our way."
Richard goes in reverse, but has to brake when the tree falls down on the road.
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "The tension has heightened now that the precariously balanced tree has fallen and blocked our way!"
Cartax neighs.
Richard says: "What's that, Cartax?"
Richard says: "Can I please stop stating the obvious?"
Cartax neighs again.
Richard says: "What's that, Cartax?"
Richard says: "There is another solution?"
Cartax neighs again before driving at full speed onto a slope.
Richard says: "Cartax, no!"
The car flies over the pool of asphalt for a short moment before dropping straight into it.
Richard says: "Don't move, I'll find a solution!"
Richard says: "Cartax, language!"
Cartax neighs as it sinks into the asphalt.
Richard says: "Oh, you meant put it under the tires."
Richard says: "Right."
Richard says: "Cartax, no!"
Richard says: "I don't wanna say goodbye!"
Eventually, the car sinks completely and disappears.
Richard says: "NOOOO!"
To the Supermarket.
Richard continues on foot, exhausted.
Narrator says: "Alone, the warrior continued his journey."
Narrator says: "Many hours he walked to cover the hundred yards leading to his final destination: the supermarket—"
Narrator says: "but there was nothing special on offer here."
Richard makes it to the supermarket, which is on fire and partially destroyed. Richard notices Larry's hand rising from a pile of debris, and helps him out of it.
Richard says: "Larry..."
Richard says: "Which aisle is the mayo in?"
Larry says: "It's gone."
Larry says: "It's all gone."
Richard says: "Don't exaggerate, Larry, there's still a good third of it burning."
Richard says: "What happened?"
Larry says: "The beast discovered the power of coupons."
Larry says: "It bided its time stockpiling them, then it shopped us to oblivion."
A short sequence shows a T-rex taking everything in the store.
Larry says: "It bought everything in sight, leaving nothing but destruction in its wake."
Richard says: "Just like the witch's prophecy."
Richard says: "Where goes the lair of this beast?"
Larry says: "Surely you don't intend to fight it?"
Richard says: "My queen requires only a jar of mayo, not the head of a beast."
Richard says: "I don't know how you do burger night at your house, weirdo."
Retrieving the Mayo.
Richard walks through the junkyard with caution.
Narrator says: "And as night fell, our weary traveler arrived at the arena, where the final act of his destiny shall play out."
He spots a jar of mayo sitting on top of a pile of junk.
Richard says: "Oh, yeah."
Richard says: "Get mayo!"
Richard climbs up the pile, and takes a victorious pose as he holds the jar of mayo. Mr. Rex growls behind him and Richard turns around, mouth agape as he remembers Mrs. Jötunheim's prophecy. In his surprise, he drops the jar, which rolls down to the bottom of the pile where it is crushed by Mr. Rex, splattering a nearby car.
Richard says: "Eh, that prophecy was misleading."
Richard says: "That's nowhere near as bad as I—"
Mr. Rex roars loudly in Richard's face.
Richard says: "It was buy one, get one free!"
Richard leaps as if to fight Mr. Rex, but drops down instead.
Richard says: "Psyche!"
Richard says: "Cartax!"
He climbs in his car, seemingly about to drive forward where Mr. Rex bares his teeth at him, but decides to drive in reverse instead.
Richard says: "Psyche!"
Richard starts driving off. Mr. Rex goes after him again but quickly loses track of his prey, making time for Richard to drive around the corner.
Richard says: "Cartax, go!"
Richard accelerates, using Mr. Rex as a ramp to escape the junkyard.
Homeward Bound.
Richard makes it home, he undresses, places the mayo in the refrigerator, and falls asleep on the couch right before his family comes home.
Gumball says: "Well, I guess he did do something today: he put his pants on."
They all laugh.
Nicole says: "Come on, let's set the table for burger night."
Gumball takes the jar of mayo, and the narrator starts speaking again as Richard snores on the couch.
Narrator says: "And so our hero's tale comes to an end."
The camera slowly zooms out of the house, eventually showing Cartax.
Narrator says: "To the beast, he is a thief."
Narrator says: "To his family, he is a huge slob."
Narrator says: "To his neighbors, he is the reason house prices are going down in the area."
Narrator says: "But to me, he will always be..."
Narrator says: "my master."
Cartax neighs, ending the episode.