One Man's Trash.
The episode begins with Gumball and Darwin eating lunch in the school cafeteria. Sharing each other's bewilderment, they observe the unusual gifts received by their classmates.
Carmen says: "Uh..."
Juke sprays himself with an air freshener and coughs; Masami stares in confusion at a high-heel shoe filled with a gooey yellow substance.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Darwin says: "Ugh."
Sussie says: "Here."
Sussie says: "A present for you."
Idaho says: "What is it?"
Sussie says: "It's a map of an egg."
Idaho says: "Uh, huh."
Idaho says: "Thanks?"
Sussie leaves.
Idaho says: "What was that?"
Banana Joe says: "What is this?"
Darwin says: "Why does Sussie always give everyone such lame gifts?"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "And where's my lame gift?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I demand dissatisfaction!"
Sussie passes in front of their table.
Darwin says: "Here she comes."
Gumball extends his hand in anticipation; Sussie reaches into her pocket and coats his palm with an off-white glob.
Gumball says: "What the what is that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sussie says: "Mayonnaise."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Sussie says: "It's very precious."
Sussie says: "You can moisturize your elbows with it, or write with it, or feed it to a car."
Gumball says: "O..."
Gumball says: "kay, so you just keep mayonnaise in all your pockets?"
Sussie says: "This one's for mustard, this one's for ketchup, and this one's for toothpaste!"
Gumball says: "Sussie, toothpaste is not a sauce."
Sussie says: "Yes it is."
Sussie says: "It's tooth sauce!"
Sussie says: "That's why it tastes like mint."
Sussie says: "Sussie got present for you too."
Darwin says: "What is it?"
Sussie says: "It's a crumpled green picture of an old man."
Darwin says: "I'll pass."
Sussie says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "Uh—"
Sussie says: "Oh, don't be sad."
Sussie says: "You can have my dancing raisin."
Sussie places a black widow spider on his fin. Darwin jumps on top of the stool as the spider crawls up his arm. He screams and flails his limbs to try and shake it off.
Sussie says: "You're dancing together!"
Sussie says: "Sussie happy you're happy."
The spider eventually bites him in the back. Groaning, he falls face first on the lunch tray.
Sussie says: "Ah, he kissed you."
Sussie says: "He must like you."
The school bell rings, and Masami and Carmen file outside. Stopping by the garbage bin, they toss the gifts and place their trays on top.
Gumball says: "Come on, guys."
Gumball says: "Make a little effort to spare her feelings."
Gumball says: "Do it on the down-low."
Juke groans, deposits the tray, and sticks the aerosol can in his shirt. As he passes the bin, a hand comes out the back of his shirt and dumps the can.
Gumball says: "There, that's more like it."
Gumball pats Juke's shoulder, then wipes off mayonnaise on his back as he goes away. Jared approaches, his lunch tray bearing a large humanoid tooth wrapped in a bow.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Jared sighs, pockets the tooth, and tears off his pants, throwing them into the receptacle.
Gumball says: "Well played, well played."
Banana Joe says: "Uh..."
Banana Joe says: "Ah!"
Banana Joe grabs his stem and manages to throw himself in the trash. The glittery frog, now suspended in mid-air, floats past Gumball.
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah."
Gumball says: "That's good too, I guess."
Hey There, Sussie.
The bell rings again. Sussie is seated on a bench in the school playground, making gurgling noises and other strange vocalizations. Julius, Rotten Cupcake, Scythe, and Mowdown come up to her.
Julius says: "Hey weirdo, I've got a present for you."
Sussie says: "Yaaay!"
He spits his gum into her hand. Sussie puts it in her mouth, chews, then blows a bubble. It bursts, covering her face.
Sussie says: "Thank you!"
The delinquents all snicker. Meanwhile, Gumball and Darwin are watching this from a distance.
Gumball says: "Alright, I'ma fight these punks!"
Gumball strips, removing his sweater, undershirt, and pants.
Darwin says: "What, Greco-Roman style?"
Darwin says: "Maybe that isn't the solution."
Gumball says: "So what do you suggest?"
Darwin says: "Perhaps Sussie's making herself a target by being so..."
Darwin says: "weird."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "I see."
Gumball says: "So you're saying we poison the town water supply with lead until everyone becomes as weird as her."
Darwin says: "I meant we help her fit in better."
Gumball says: "And then poison the water!"
Gumball says: "Two really good plans."
Gumball says: "One is great, the other one's really good."
Gumball says: "There's no way to choose between them."
Darwin glares at him, his eyebrow raised.
Gumball says: "Okay fine."
Gumball says: "We'll help her fit in."
Gumball says: "But where should we start?"
Darwin says: "Let's just observe a normal day in her life."
Cheerful music plays, with Sussie acting out the events detailed in the song's lyrics.
Rise and shine, get out of bed.
Fix your face and clean your teeth.
Beauty comes from underneath.
Hey there, Sussie.
The world is waiting Repeats four times.
And everything is fascinating.
Hey there, Sussie, give us a grin.
And take the whole world on the chin.
Get out that door, and go and seize the day.
The world's a playground, time to play.
Nothing can stop this happy girl.
Apart from bending, or giving a twirl.
Hey there, Sussie, it'll turn out right.
She's not fussy, she's not uptight.
Wears chicken skin as a hat.
It goes well with her meat cravat.
She'll eat a pack of scented candles.
She's not afraid to lick door handles.
She might bathe in rancid fruit.
Or even toot into a—.
Gumball quickly turns the camera away from Sussie.
Gumball says: "I think we've seen enough, thank you."
Gumball says: "Definitely time for phase two."
Sussie says: "Hold on Gumball, what's phase two?"
Gumball says: "The part where you stop being you."
Keep Your Chin Up.
Gumball and Darwin are in their bedroom, standing next to Sussie.
Gumball says: "First, we need to redefine your identity."
Gumball says: "But it's kinda hard to do that without even knowing exactly what you are."
Gumball says: "I mean, no offense, but you do look like the result of some novelty app."
Gumball says: "How did something like..."
Gumball says: "that happen?"
Sussie says: "Well, once upon a time there lived a Mommy chin and a Daddy chin, and Daddy fed Mommy so much food that she ended up with a double chin."
Sussie says: "And the double chin got bigger and bigger, so she went to the doctor, and the doctor said, "That's not a double chin—"
Gumball says: "That's Sussie!"
Sussie says: "No, he was wrong, it was a double chin."
Sussie says: "We got a second opinion."
Sussie says: "But, three years later, Mommy chin laid an egg."
Darwin says: "And that's where Sussie came from."
Sussie says: "Nah, it was just because she ate an egg."
Sussie says: "But two years before that, Mommy chin put a magic bean inside Daddy chin's mouth, and his belly started to grow."
Sussie says: "And then a voice came from inside it, and it said—"
Gumball says: "It's me, Sussie!"
Sussie says: "No, it was more like—"
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
Sussie says: "And then seven years later, Sussie born!"
Gumball says: "All right, whatever."
Darwin says: "What we mean is, you'll fit in more if you change."
Gumball says: "Not fit in totally, that's just not gonna happen."
Gumball says: "But it'll be, you know, like having a lip piercing instead of a face tattoo."
Darwin says: "Or more like a funny story, instead of national news."
Gumball says: "Yeah, exactly."
Gumball says: "More "a little freaky" than "a little freak show."
Sussie frowns sadly.
Gumball says: "Let's start with the look."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "I'm not quite sure that accentuating her jawline helped."
She appears to have a five o' clock shadow.
Darwin says: "Looks like a meat pyramid."
Darwin says: "Uh, maybe she needs some hair."
He reaches forward to alter something; Sussie now has a full beard, and Gumball and Darwin are weirded out.
Gumball says: "Eh."
Gumball says: "Looks like her hair is tryin' to escape from her face."
Sussie says: "Ha."
Gumball says: "The teeth!"
Gumball says: "It's the teeth that's the problem!"
Gumball says: "There."
Darwin says: "Umm..."
They scrutinize her bizarre, fully human face.
Darwin says: "Uhh, you know, sometimes less is more."
Gumball says: "Okay, uh, let me try something."
Gumball covers the screen with his hands. When he lowers them, Sussie seems to be headless.
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's better."
Her head pops back out from her collar; She looks depressed.
Sussie says: "Mm."
Sussie says: "Why Gumball, Darwin, try change Sussie?"
Gumball says: "You know, people aren't always nice."
Gumball says: "The world can be harsh."
Darwin says: "It can be confusing, heartless, and cruel."
Darwin says: "It can turn on anything that is different, that goes against the norm."
Gumball says: "Yeah, and—"
Gumball says: "I don't want to hurt your feelings."
Gumball says: "So, I'll put this in the most delicate way I can."
Gumball says: "You know the story of "The Ugly Duckling?"
Sussie says: "It becomes beautiful!"
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Gumball says: "But in that story, you'd be the mutant bog creature that eats the swan, makes all the children cry, and eventually gets hunted down and torched by the townsfolk."
Sussie is saddened again.
Gumball says: "W-w-wait, that came out wrong."
Sussie says: "Ah?"
Gumball says: "I meant screeching flesh pile, not mutant bog creature."
Sussie says: "Mm."
Sussie says: "Sussie understand."
Dispirited, she gets up, exits the bedroom, and closes the door. Gumball and Darwin sigh in sympathy.
Eye of the Beholder.
The door reopens, and Sussie holds out two pairs of googly eyes, offering them to the brothers.
Darwin says: "Uh, I don't think we deserve another present."
Sussie says: "Just put them on."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Sussie says: "So you can see what Sussie sees."
Gumball and Darwin shrug, then decide to humor her. When they stick the plastic eyes over their own, their mouths deform to match Sussie's. All three of them wave their arms in the air, as the art style of the entire room and its occupants changes to resemble that of a children's drawing.
Sussie says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Whimsical music starts to play, and they embark on a flight of fancy, singing along as they travel around town.
Sussie says: "You think I'm a weirdo, but look out your window."
Sussie says: "It's my decision to make the world my vision."
Sussie says: "When I walk down the street, everything looks quite sweet."
Darwin says: "Aren't you scared of the germs?"
Darwin says: "This is how you get worms."
Sussie says: "Anything can be food, if you're in the right mood."
Sussie says: "'Cause I am free."
Sussie says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Sussie says: "I pick up things from the ground, keep everything that I found."
Gumball says: "What will you do with this trash?"
Darwin says: "It's gonna give you a rash."
Sussie says: "I offer it to my friends, so they can see life through my lens."
Sussie says: "La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la."
Gumball says: "La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la."
Darwin says: "La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la."
Sussie says: "My laugh is not gracious, but it is contagious."
Sussie says: "It's important to share all the joy you have spare."
Sussie says: "'Cause I am free."
Gumball says: "'Cause I am free."
Darwin says: "'Cause I am free."
Sussie says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Gumball says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Darwin says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Sussie says: "So I brush my teeth with goo, I drink my soup from my shoe, I keep mayo in my pocket, turn a snake into a puppet, toot to a solo flute."
Sussie says: "I like to sing in the nude, but only at the shopping center, the acoustics are much better."
Sussie says: "Plant a sausage in the ground, so that a new pig comes around—"
Julius says: "Hey!"
The song ends, returning them to reality; Sussie, Gumball, and Darwin, are in an open, grassy field. Opposite them, are Julius and his fellow delinquents.
Julius says: "What do you call a chin with two butts?"
Darwin says: "Um..."
Darwin says: "Butty McButt Chin?"
Julius says: "Insult them!"
Mowdown says: "Hey look."
Mowdown says: "It's Tweedledum, Tweedledee, and Tweedlederp!"
Rotten Cupcake says: "You look like the underside of a stingray!"
Scythe says: "If you losers were a movie, it'd be called "The Ugly, the Ugly, and the Ugly."
Julius says: "Next time your parents drop you, try to land on your face!"
Julius says: "Might be an improvement."
They laugh mockingly.
Julius says: "Give me your wallet."
Gumball steps forward, reaches into his pocket, and smears some mayo on Julius' glove.
Julius says: "What the?!"
Julius says: "!"
Julius says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Julius says: "!"
Julius says: "Why'd you do that?!"
Julius says: "!"
Sussie says: "'Cause I am free."
Gumball says: "'Cause I am free."
Darwin says: "'Cause I am free."
Sussie says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Gumball says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Darwin says: "It's the key, doesn't matter what people think of me."
Their fanciful journey continues, and they fly away as Julius's fuse ignites.
Julius says: "Ah-AAAH!"
The episode ends.