I'm Singing.
The song starts during the titlecard; the episode starts with Nicole and Richard sleeping. Meanwhile, a showerhead is singing in the background.
But you can chase all your troubles away.
When you're singing!
Nicole says: "Huh?"
But what does that matter to you.
When you're singing!
Nicole opens the curtain to find the showerhead.
Spoken Hey, don't you ever knock?
Or you'll wake everybody in town.
With your singing!
Showerhead says: "Aww!"
Chuckles.
Singing You look rough and half dead.
Did you get out the wrong side of bed?
Let's keep singing—.
Nicole rips the showerhead away and throws it into a trash can.
Showerhead says: "Aah!"
Nicole goes to the car.
I've been ripped from the wall.
But it feels like no trouble at all.
Scene cuts to the doorway of the Robinsons' house.
And my neighbors are driving me nuts.
But I'm singing— oof!
Mrs. Robinson hits him with his briefcase; Gary enters on his bike, hitting him again with a newspaper.
My hair prematurely grayed.
But I'm singing!
I thought I had nothing to lose.
Still I'm singing! Hey!
Sal Left Thumb steals his money, then bumps into the Doughnut Sheriff.
My mind is startling to bamboo.
But I'm singing!
Mrs. Jötunheim flies across the screen; the scene cuts to her.
Though I've only just turned twenty-eight.
Still I'm singing!
She summons Hector to go to Elmore Junior High.
I've got aeroplanes stuck in my face.
But I'm singing!
Scene cuts to Miss Simian in the middle of class, while the students are causing chaos.
And the school is infested with rats.
Still I'm singing!
A rat falls into her cup.
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm?"
The rat pops up.
Lucy Simian says: "Aah!"
Got a hundred and seventy kids.
Still I'm singing!
Miss Simian pours the rat along with the beverage into a trash can; the trash can falls. Billy Parham enters.
Billy says: "I say, old horse, it's really rather not on to make such a mess."
Billy says: "'Tis high time somebody taught you ruffians some manners, although I fear I must address you hoodlums in a matter you'll understand."
Billy says: "I believe it is known in common parlance as rap music."
Billy Parham in Your House.
Rap music plays.
Turn me up but not too loud.
For fear of disturbing someone.
Enunciating to the masses, mm-hmm.
I'm here to tell you of the relevance of etiquette.
Feet on the seats.
I'm sure I don't approve.
Hold the door for the ladies.
When they go through.
Wipe your feet.
When you're entering a neighbor's house.
And when he chews,.
A gentleman will always close his mouth.
Close his mouth, close his mouth.
The speed a virus spreads is beyond belief.
When you sneeze, please be sure to use a handkerchief.
Handkerchief.
A handkerchief, a handkerchief, a handkerchief, a handkerchief, a handkerchief, a handkerchief...
While saying the preceding line, he performs the enigmatically popular dance move known as "dabbing.".
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "Sad when a kid lets himself go like that, am I right?"
Billy says: "A handkerchief..."
8-Bit Dog says: "Dude, I'm just a background character."
8-Bit Dog says: "I'm not supposed to say anything."
8-Bit Dog says: "I don't even have a name."
Spray-Paint Bottle says: "But everyone has a song, even unimportant background characters."
8-Bit Dog says: "Maybe I do."
8-Bit Dog says: "You see..."
8-Bit Dog says: "If I told you my l—"
Teri enters; the 8-bit dog gets cut off.
Teri says: "Eww, gross!"
Teri says: "Oh, someone should clean this up."
A rat appears and hisses at Teri, causing Teri to faint. J-pop music then begins to play as Teri begins dreaming.
Filth, Filth, All Around.
In the air and on the ground.
Grime, grime, everywhere.
In your mouth and in your hair.
Oh can't you see.
This world's unclean.
They say brush twice a day.
I think that's not enough.
Oh, can't you see.
All this disease.
The smell of sweaty feet.
Makes me throw up.
Filth, filth—.
Scene cuts back to reality; Teri is being carried to the ambulance van.
Teri says: "All around, in the air and on the ground..."
Bandage Doctor says: "That is the worst case of J-pop I've ever seen."
Joan says: "Is it contagious?"
Bandage Doctor says: "Absolutely not."
The van is infected with J-pop; it drives away with musical wails, leading to Richard discussing with Larry at Joyful Burger.
Larry says: "I'm sorry, sir."
Larry says: "I cannot in good conscience sell you a meal with that many calories."
Larry says: "You might as well strap a hose to your face and pump a hundred pounds of hot lard directly down your throat."
Richard says: "Sure, I'll take one of those too."
Larry says: "Sir, so much unhealthy food is seriously dangerous for you."
Richard says: "Larry, let me tell you something about how I like my food."
Larry says: "Yeah, is there any way we could skip this, sir—"
I Prefer All My Food Fried.
Richard says: "When I asked for all those fries..."
The scene changes to Richard singing in a karaoke-style film.
I said yes to super-sized.
Spicy wings and some onion rings.
With chicken nuggets on the side.
Singers says: "Nuggets on the side..."
I prefer all my food fried!
Larry says: "Fine, fine, just please stop singing!"
Larry says: "Here's your bucket, sir."
Larry says: "Have a nice day."
Richard says: "Ahh, I can feel my arteries hardening already!"
The chicken drumsticks grease and penetrate through the paper.
Richard says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "That's probably a bad sign."
The chicken melts through the car.
Richard says: "That's definitely a bad sign."
Continuation of I'm Singing.
A drop of grease falls onto the sewer water.
Rat says: "Yuck!"
Both says: "But we're singing!"
They pop up to a restaurant.
Let's keep looking!
You're a Hairy Lady.
Miss Simian and Principal Brown are dating in the restaurant.
Lucy Simian says: "So I said to Steve, I said "How—"
Nigel Brown says: "Are you okay, my sweet?"
Nigel Brown says: "You haven't said a word since we got here."
Lucy Simian says: "What?"
Lucy Simian says: "You interrupted me to say that?"
Lucy Simian says: "I was right in the middle of a—"
Nigel Brown says: "Shh."
Nigel Brown says: "There's no need to feel insecure."
Nigel Brown says: "I know you see the way other women look at me."
Lucy Simian says: "No, Nigel."
Lucy Simian says: "You promised you wouldn't do this."
Nigel Brown says: "You got something other girls don't have."
Nigel Brown says: "Thick hair all over your body."
Nigel Brown says: "Now just lie down and listen."
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel, I'm not going to lie down in a restaurant."
Hair from your head to your toes, girl.
You're a hairy lady.
You even got hair up your nose, girl.
I see you talkin' with those other boys.
I see you speakin', I don't hear no noise.
Too busy lovin' all that fur, I see.
Your body's hairier than a bumblebee.
You're my honey, girl.
Hairy girls, y'all best believe I'm a connoisseur.
I look away if I don't see that matted fur.
Hugging you is like a hug from a grizzly bear.
Did I happen to mention I'm really into body hair, yeah.
Larry says: "Oh, please, no."
Nigel Brown says: "You promised."
Every drain in your house is a total write-off.
Girl, you looking like a fur-covered miracle.
And all those follicles, they got me waxing lyrical.
Don't shave or pluck or wax any time soo–.
Miss Simian breaks his arm; Principal Brown screams. Miss Simian causes chaos all over the restaurant.
Nigel Brown says: "Please, stop!"
Nigel Brown says: "Please, no, no!"
Continuation of I'm Singing.
Nicole passes by driving her car; the showerhead is still in the trunk.
She could've just asked me to leave.
But I'm singing!
A Lovely Encounter With Pluto.
The scene rises up to the planets laughing.
Earth says: "Oi, oi, hey, hey, hey, who's this?"
Earth says: "Who's this?"
Earth says: "I didn't complete a single orbit before losing me planet status."
The planets laugh; Pluto enters. The planets' laughter dies.
Mars says: "Pluto."
Earth says: "That's right, it's Pluto."
Earth says: "Stripped of her planet status like a common moon."
Earth says: "Ah sorry, I, uh, I didn't see you there."
Pluto says: "So, uh, what you guys doing this evening?"
Jupiter says: "Oh, you know, usual planet stuff."
Jupiter says: "Bowling."
Pluto says: "That's—"
Pluto says: "that's—"
Pluto says: "that's cool—"
Pluto says: "cool."
Earth says: "So yeah, anyway, we'll see you around, I guess."
Pluto says: "Oh yeah."
Pluto says: "Cheers."
The Hurt I Feel.
It's mean.
To be declassified after all these years.
And rendered obsolete.
And there's such a distance between us.
Approximately four point six billion miles...
The hurt I feel is deep inside...
Singers says: "Deep inside..."
Pluto says: "My planet status has been denied—"
Singers says: "Been denied—"
Music stops.
Earth says: "Sorry, sorry, love."
Earth says: "Can you keep it down a bit?"
Earth says: "You're putting Uranus off his strike."
Uranus says: "Actually, it's pronounced "Ur-anus."
Pluto says: "Why did I ever hang out with those dorks?"
Meteors enter.
Meteor says: "Hey toots, you going our way?"
Meteor says: "We're off to trash a planet a few light years away."
Meteor says: "You want to tag along?"
Meteor says: "You can join us if you're cool."
Meteor says: "I'm not getting those back."
Pluto says: "Is minus two-hundred twenty-nine degrees cool enough for you?"
Pluto and the meteors cheer and go off-screen.
Pluto says: "Yeah!"
Banana Joe's 5th Symphony.
Scene cuts to Banana Joe imitating Beethoven's 5th Symphony with a flashlight.
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Banana Joe says: "Na!"
Banana Joe says: "Naa!"
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na—"
Banana Joe says: "whoa!"
Banana Barbara opens the door, causing Banana Joe to launch into the ceiling fan; Banana Joe is splattered everywhere across the room.
Banana Barbara says: "Oh, sorry, honey, I didn't know the fan was on."
Banana Joe groans. It appears to have been a video posted on Elmore Stream-It named "Classical fail.".
The Small Hours.
The mouse clicks on another video, "The Small Hours.".
Announcer says: "Available now for a limited time, Mr."
Announcer says: "Small's self-funded masterpiece, "The Small Hours," featuring the hit single, "Hit Single."
Hit single...
Announcer says: "Also featuring the haunting ballad "This Boy's Not My Son."
This boy is not my son.
Announcer says: "And the party favorite, "Rock and Roll Orthodontist."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Rock and roll orthodontist, rock and roll orthodontist."
Announcer says: "And the wildly experimental "Mother."
Announcer says: "Hurry!"
Announcer says: "This CD is available for a limited time only while stocks last."
Final Part of I'm Singing.
The garbage truck dumps all the CDs in the dump, while Nicole driving in her car enters it.
But I won't let it ruin my day.
Nicole retrieves it from the trunk and throws it across the many piles of garbage.
Showerhead says: "Ah, oh!"
I'm cold and alone.
And I fear that I'm not going home.
But I'm singing!
Episode ends.