The Dirt on Carrie and Darwin.
Episode starts with Darwin and Carrie at the mall. Darwin eats a popsicle while Carrie despondently watches. He suddenly realizes what he's doing and invites her to possess him. She does, and devours the popsicle, along with many other people's food, and even bites the Doughnut Sheriff. Then, they play basketball at the arcade. Darwin misses, but Carrie uses her telekinesis to move a ball into the net and gives him the prize. Darwin is then seen acing a dance game while Carrie watches. He then jokingly imitates Carrie trying to dance and they both laugh. Afterwards, they get on a rollercoaster, but the seat passes through Carrie and she remains near the ground. Darwin screams on the ride and Carrie laughs. Lastly, they are skipping through the graveyard. Darwin tries to take a selfie with her, but she doesn't show up in the photo, so Carrie takes out a ghost camera and takes a picture of them surrounded by many other ghosts. Cuts to the Elmore Jr. High cafeteria, where Leslie "likes" the photo on Elmore Plus. .
Leslie says: "All tea, no shade, but this couple's getting sickening."
Leslie says: "And not in a good way."
Leslie says: "I say they're about to lip-sync for their lives."
Masami says: "I have no idea what any of that means, but I'm so fluent in gossip that I understood anyway."
Masami says: "And you're right!"
Masami says: "Darwin and Carrie's relationship is going so well, something must be going wrong."
The two notice Gumball eating alone and exchange devious grins. They approach him slyly.
Gumball says: "Before you ask, yes, I dipped my tail in the toilet while sitting, yes, they had just disinfected it, and no, I don't know how long it'll be until it goes back to normal."
They look under the table and sure enough, the tip of his tail is white and completely hairless.
Masami says: "Wow."
Masami says: "It looks like an uncooked wiener wearing a fur coat."
Masami says: "But, as enchanting as that is, it's not what we're here to talk about."
Gumball says: "What do you want, then?"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Carrie and Darwin!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Come on, dish the dirt!"
Gumball says: "There is no dirt!"
Gumball says: "They literally look like what you get when you search "perfect couple" online."
He holds up his phone with a photo of a happy couple, and then shows Carrie and Darwin, in the exact same pose and making similar faces.
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Come on!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "They have nothing in common!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Surely you have a little doubt!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Why do you care, anyway?"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "I'm only worried Darwin might get his heart broken."
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Alright!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "I just like drama, okay?!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Well, I know this great place where there's lots of drama."
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Don't say the theater, it's a lame dad joke."
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "Respect yourself."
Gumball says: "HAH!"
Gumball says: "The joke's on you!"
Gumball says: "I wasn't gonna say the theater because I had no punchline for that setup!"
Gumball says: "And guess what?"
Gumball says: "I still haven't."
Gumball says: "Boom!"
[Leslie says: "a little stick figure with a question mark on his head and a knowing smirk."
Masami sigh says: "a little stick figure with a question mark on his head and a knowing smirk."
walk away. Gumball happily goes back to eating says: "a little stick figure with a question mark on his head and a knowing smirk."
when he notices something strange sitting in his food says: "a little stick figure with a question mark on his head and a knowing smirk."
Gumball says: "Uh, who are you?"
Doubt says: "I'm Doubt."
Gumball says: "But I don't have any doubt."
Doubt says: "Are you sure?"
Gumball thinks about it, starting to look worried. On the bus home, he notices the Doubt sitting next to him, probing him again. In the evening, when he and Darwin are doing homework, Doubt, bigger than before, pops up behind Darwin.
Doubt says: "Are you really, really sure?"
At night, Doubt has inflated to an even bigger size and is squeezing against Gumball in bed.
Doubt says: "Mmmmmm-hmmmmm?"
The next morning, Gumball walks out the door and checks if the coast is clear. Nobody is around.
Gumball says: "See?"
Before he can finish, Doubt, now as big as the whole city, sits right on him.
Doubt says: "ARE YOU SURE?!"
Doubt says: "!"
Spying on the Date.
In the park. Gumball is spying on Darwin and Carrie, who are sitting at a bench.
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Gumball says: "They're too far away!"
Colin says: "Hey!"
Gumball puts on Colin's glasses, but he sees a nebula in them.
Gumball says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "What kind of prescription is this?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's literally the edge of the universe!"
Gumball says: "Guess I'll just have to use stealth mode!"
He ditches the glasses and pops out from inside a tree. Meanwhile, Darwin and Carrie are looking at memes with old paintings.
Darwin says: "Mmh, I don't get it."
Darwin says: ""When you are at the party and you have got to stop bae from disappearing like the island of Buise in St."
Darwin says: "Peter's Flood?"
Darwin says: ""  "When Marshall de Bouffler's French troops besieged the Spanish-held town of Mons but you didn't care because you were a toddler who was only interested in golf and brioche?"
Carrie says: "Hahahaha!"
Carrie says: "It's so true, though!"
Darwin says: ""When you're about to spit fire but remember the Treaty of Ryswick promised your lands in Freisberg to the Holy Roman Empire?"
Carrie says: "Well, the article did say "Things Only 90's Kids Will Get."
Darwin says: "I always thought the 90's were about floppy-haired people dressing up like children and grunge music!"
Carrie says: "Ha!"
Carrie says: "It meant the 1690's."
Darwin says: "Wait, how old are you, exactly?"
Carrie says: "I'm..."
Carrie says: "three hundred and twenty-seven years old."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "The age difference is gonna tear them apart like a dysfunctional family on a camping trip!"
Gumball says: "That forgets to put their food in ziplock bags and gets attacked by a bear."
Darwin says: "Oh well."
Darwin says: "It's so sweet that you waited for me all those years before finding love."
Carrie says: "Yeah!"
Carrie says: "Sure."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "You've had boyfriends before?"
Carrie says: "Well..."
Carrie says: "one."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Right."
Darwin says: "What was he like?"
Carrie says: "Like this."
Darwin says: ""When you and your friends are all geared up but Coachella isn't happening for another three hundred years?"
Carrie says: "His name is Azrael."
Carrie says: "He's the one in the hoodie."
Darwin says: "Oh, right."
Darwin says: "Was it serious?"
Carrie says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "Two days?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "That sounds pretty serious to me!"
Carrie says: "I was gonna say decades."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "I see."
Carrie says: "Picture it this way."
Carrie says: "He was like a roaring sports car, and you're more like a shopping cart."
Carrie says: "Sure, the convertible looks cool, sounds cool, and everyone wants one, but..."
Carrie says: "the shopping cart is filled with all the stuff you love."
Darwin says: "Heh!"
Gumball follows after them, but stops when he realizes that he's in the shape of the tree he was hiding in. He sighs.
Oh No! They're Dysfunctional!
Darwin and Carrie are at the record store while Gumball still spies on them, disguised as a poster. Carrie listens to metal music with headphones on.
Darwin says: "What are you listening to?"
Carrie says: "It's not really your style."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah?"
Darwin says: "And what is my style?"
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "FYI, those girls yodeled everyone's socks off at the county fair!"
Darwin says: "But that doesn't mean I don't like the rock and the roll!"
Carrie says: "Well, who are you into, then?"
Darwin says: "Ha-ha!"
Darwin says: "Oh, you wouldn't know them."
Carrie says: "They're called something like the Candy Bears or the Flannelettes, aren't they?"
Darwin says: "Heh!"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "They're called the Lollipuppies."
Darwin says: "Okay, so I don't listen to hardcore punk."
Darwin says: "But it's never too late to start, right?"
Carrie says: "Okay, you're gonna love it."
Carrie says: "It's gonna melt your face off!"
He listens, stoically smiling, then starts sweating. He slowly gets more and more uncomfortable.
Darwin says: "What are they called?"
Carrie says: "The Profanities!"
Darwin says: "The lyrics sound like someone with no head is shouting Swedish furniture names directly from their windpipe!"
Carrie says: "Um, are you okay?"
Darwin says: "Oh, yes."
Darwin says: "I love it."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "She's cool and he's not!"
Gumball says: "Their relationship is gonna be in more pieces than a jigsaw!"
Gumball says: "Which got thrown into a wood chipper."
Later, at the park. Darwin and Carrie sit in the grass while Gumball spies on them inside a trash can. A light breeze blows.
Darwin says: "Ahhh."
Darwin says: "What a beautiful, peaceful place."
Carrie says: "Through your eyes, maybe."
Darwin says: "Why do you say that?"
Carrie says: "Don't you know this park was built on an ancient burial ground?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, but if you think about it, the whole country was built on an ancient burial ground."
Darwin says: "A little windy today, huh?"
Carrie says: "Yup."
From Carrie's point of view, the "breeze" is really a ghost violently yelling at the park-goers.
Darwin says: "Ahhhh."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "They see the world differently!"
Gumball says: "Their relationship is gonna fall apart like a forty-year-old divorcee!"
Gumball says: "Who caught leprosy and is bouncing on a pogo stick."
Azrael's Visit.
Later, at the arcade. Darwin and Carrie are at a "Test Your Love" machine while Gumball watches from inside a claw game.
Carrie says: "So how does it work?"
Darwin says: "Oh, it's simple."
Darwin says: "We put our hands here and it measures our pulses to scientifically rate our love."
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Darwin says: "It'll be fun!"
Carrie says: "Okay."
They put their hands on the machine. The lights go all the way up, then drop all the way down. A paper comes out of the slot, and Darwin reads it.
Darwin says: ""Your love is in need of..."
Darwin says: "CPR?"
Carrie says: "Uh, that's what I was trying to say!"
Carrie says: "I don't have a pulse."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "He's alive and she's not!"
Gumball says: "Their relationship is gonna crash harder than a race car driver!"
Gumball says: "Who forgot to have breakfast and gets low blood sugar at about eleven o'clock."
Suddenly, an unfamiliar voice is heard offscreen.
Azrael says: "Oh!"
Azrael says: "Hi, Carrie!"
Carrie says: "Azrael!"
Gumball does a huge gasp in shock. We finally see Azrael on screen, looking exactly like he did in the photo. Darwin watches their conversation.
Azrael says: "So good to bump into you after all these years!"
Carrie says: "I know, right?"
Carrie says: "What have you been up to?"
Azrael says: "Hm."
Azrael says: "The usual."
Azrael says: "Keepin' it deceased and rockin' out like a beast!"
Carrie says: "Keepin' it deceased and rockin' out like a beast!"
Azrael says: "Hey, we should hang out!"
Azrael says: "You wanna..."
Azrael says: "grab a soda?"
Carrie says: "Yeah, that sounds great!"
Azrael says: "Well, too bad!"
Azrael says: "You can't!"
Azrael says: "Neither of us can!"
Azrael says: "Oh, it's funny 'cause we're dead."
Gumball says: "Darn it!"
Gumball says: "He's right!"
Gumball says: "It is funny for that reason!"
Carrie says: "Yeah."
Carrie says: "Let's hang out later."
Carrie says: "It'll be good to catch up."
Azrael says: "I'll see for you soon."
Azrael says: "Nice to meet you, Darwin."
Darwin says: "Bye!"
Gumball does another exaggeratedly long gasp while waving his hands around.
Breaking It to Darwin.
Back at home. Darwin is writing when Gumball breaks the door with a kick, but his foot gets stuck.
Gumball says: "Agh!"
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I tried to kick the door down for dramatic effect, but, uh..."
Gumball says: "So, you're really gonna do nothing?"
Darwin says: "Dude, you always do stuff like that."
Darwin says: "If I stopped to help you every time, I'd never get anything done!"
Gumball says: "I'm talking about Carrie meeting up with that guy!"
Darwin says: "Wait..."
Darwin says: "have you been spying on us?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Grow up, Darwin."
Gumball says: "It's the twenty-first century!"
Gumball says: "Everyone's spying on everyone!"
Gumball says: "There's probably someone watching us right now!"
Running for Love.
The art style changes to a stylized anime-type design. Gumball dashes down the street with Darwin in tow.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "We'll find Carrie and her ex-boyfriend!!"
Darwin says: "Okay, firstly, why are you yelling?"
Darwin says: "I'm right here!"
Darwin says: "Secondly, I don't know why you're telling me."
Darwin says: "I already know!"
Darwin says: "They're at the cemetery!"
Gumball says: "How can you not be threatened by this guy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I trust Carrie!"
Darwin says: "She told me I had nothing to worry about!"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "This is you vs."
Gumball says: "the guy she tells you not to worry about!"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure you understand how that meme works."
They slide to a screeching halt in the road.
Gumball says: "WE'RE NOT GOING FAST ENOUGH!!"
Then, he sees the Dolphin Man riding a motorcycle and gets an idea. Cut to Gumball riding the Dolphin Man himself. He repeatedly slaps Dolphin Man's side.
Gumball says: "FASTER!"
Gumball says: "I SAID FASTER!"
Gumball says: "We gotta stop Azrael!!"
Darwin says: "From doing what?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "He just said he wanted to chew the fat!"
Gumball says: "Chew the fat?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Spare the cake!"
Gumball says: "Rotate the terrarium!"
Gumball says: "Those are all code names!"
Darwin says: "For what?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "For cheating!!"
Gumball says: "Enough talking."
Gumball says: "We gotta get to them before he starts flunking the armadillo!"
They pick up speed, and reach the bridge over the interstate.
Darwin says: "Look out!!"
They jump, but it doesn't look like they'll make it. As a last resort, Gumball drops the Dolphin Man on a truck passing by, then jumps off the truck and back into the air.
Darwin says: "Sweet Christmas!"
Darwin says: "You totally Yoshi'd that poor guy!"
They come back down on the other side of the bridge, but land on a slide, get flung back into the air, and start running across the clouds. Darwin gets hit in the face by a bird, but Gumball pulls him through. They near the cemetery, and Gumball readies himself for the blow. Cut back to reality as Carrie and Azrael are hanging out in the cemetery.
Azrael says: "So how's your mum?"
Carrie says: "Anyway, it was great to see you."
Carrie says: "Catch you next century?"
Azrael says: "Mm, next century isn't good for me."
Azrael says: "Maybe the one after that?"
Carrie says: "Sure."
Azrael says: "I'm glad we can stay friends after all these--huh?"
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhhhhh!!!"
Gumball prepares to kick as he descends, but flies right through Azrael and hits a tree full force. Darwin rolls up to them, unscathed.
Darwin says: "Hey!"
No Harm Done.
Back at Elmore Junior High. The bell rings. Darwin and Carrie are holding hands as Gumball talks to them.
Gumball says: "Sorry, guys."
Gumball says: "I really shaved the toucan on this one."
Darwin says: "It's fine."
Darwin says: "I blame Leslie and Masami for messing with your head."
Darwin says: "Lucky they didn't do that with you and Penny."
Darwin says: "You'd have gone completely loco!"
Darwin, Carrie, and Gumball all laugh.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Doubt is shown again, still testing Gumball.
Doubt says: "Hmm?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Leslie​​​​ and Masami says: "Aaaahh!"