The Bus.
The episode begins with the bus going to school. There is music in the background, which is then revealed to be coming from Gumball's headphones as he sings "Without You" while everybody else is covering their ears.
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Principal Brown gets onto the bus and strikes poses.
Darwin says: "Well, this is weird."
Carrie says: "I know, right?"
Darwin says: "That new kid looks exactly like Principal Brown!"
Nigel Brown says: "Eh?"
Teri splits herself in half.
Nigel Brown says: "Eh?"
Clayton extends his body to fill his seat. Gumball puts his hands on his seat, but Principal Brown sits on one of his hands.
Nigel Brown says: "I believe this is yours."
Banana Joe says: "Hey!"
Tobias​ says: "Hey!"
Ocho says: "Hey!"
The three students then get into a fight off-screen.
Gumball says: "So what happened to your car?"
Nigel Brown says: "Hmm..."
Flashback to earlier. Principal Brown is seen getting out of his car on a steep road.
Nigel Brown says: "I feel like I've forgotten something."
Principal Brown's car rolls down the hill, crashing into the auto repair shop. Flashback ends.
Nigel Brown says: "Uhhh..."
Nigel Brown says: "it's in the shop."
Gumball says: "Okay, great."
The two sit in silence for a few seconds.
Nigel Brown says: "So, what do you want to talk about?"
Gumball says: "Anything but girls."
Nigel Brown says: "Don't get me started of girls."
Gumball says: "I said NO GIRL TALK!"
Nigel Brown says: "Suit yourself."
Nigel Brown says: "So I got this weird rash on my cheeks from shaving."
Gumball says: "Looks fine to me."
Nigel Brown says: "Not those cheeks."
Gumball says: "Okay, I take it back."
Gumball says: "Girl talk is fine."
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, so Miss Simian means everything to me and when I say "everything," I mean every terrible thing as well."
Gumball says: "Oh, dude, I feel you."
Gumball says: "Wait, do you mind if I call you "dude"?"
Nigel Brown says: "Only if I can call you "bro"."
Gumball says: "Yeah, pass."
Gumball says: "So what I meant, Principal Brown, is that I get what you're saying."
Gumball says: "Penny's developed this super weird laugh recently."
Penny is seen laughing in a strange way at the other side of the bus, while Carmen is smiling nervously, showing Penny something presumably funny on her phone.
Gumball says: "Eurgh..."
Gumball says: "Sounds like a clown gargling a haunted accordion."
Nigel Brown says: "Why don't you tell her?"
Gumball says: "rather than being held in front of my screaming face!"
Nigel Brown says: "Yeah, to be honest, there are some things I avoid telling Miss Simian."
Gumball says: "Like what?"
Nigel Brown says: "Her morning breath can peel off wallpaper."
Nigel Brown says: "In fact it's come to the point where I don't bother redecorating."
Gumball says: "Why don't you confront her about it?"
Nigel Brown says: "Because she would bite me, Gumball, she would bite me in the neck."
Nigel Brown says: "And if that doesn't finish me without a doubt, then the resulting infection will!"
Gumball and Principal Brown both sigh.
Nigel Brown says: "Wait a second!"
Nigel Brown says: "Perhaps there's a way we could..."
Nigel Brown says: "you know..."
Nigel Brown says: "help each other out?"
Gumball says: "I see what you mean..."
Nigel Brown says: "Do you?"
Nigel Brown says: "Because that was a genuine question."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I take care of Simian and you take care of Penny, right?"
Nigel Brown says: "But it'll have to look like an accident!"
Gumball says: "WHAT!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "I meant take care of the laugh and breath thing!"
Nigel Brown says: "Let's shake on it!"
Gumball takes Brown's left hand and shakes it, and resumes listening to Darwin's Song.
Bad Breath.
The school bell rings, and Miss Simian drinks some of her tea/coffee and exhales tons of intoxicating gas, and birds fall down from the sky. Simian then enters the swimming hall and yawns, contaminating the swimming pool and incapacitating Tobias after he jumps into the pool. She then yawns again in a school hallway, making the chocolate in a vending machine rot, making Rocky retract his nose and leaving him unconscious and then killing the flies that escaped the vending machine. She now enters the classroom with her students.
Miss Simian sits on a chair and exhales calmly, disintegrating Banana Joe, Bobert and Leslie.
Gumball says: "It's over, Simian!"
Gumball says: "My plan is flawless!"
Gumball says: "Flaw..."
Gumball turns into dust and all that is left of him is his skeleton.
Gumball says: "I can still smell it."
It is break time and Miss Simian gets a mysterious call on her phone.
Gumball says: "Miss Simian..."
Lucy Simian says: "Uh-huh?"
Gumball says: "Errgh..."
Because of Miss Simian's horrible breath, it manages to get through the phones and Gumball is left unconscious.
Dental Hygiene.
Gumball is seen sitting at a desk in Miss Simian's classroom.
Lucy Simian says: ""Dental..."
Lucy Simian says: "Hygiene..."
Gumball nervously stares at her.
Lucy Simian says: "One out of three, that's the best you've ever scored!"
Lucy Simian says: "Well done, Watterson!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hip, hip, hoooraaayyy..."
Gumball desperately squeezes his face into his head to avoid Simian's breath.
Gumball says: "Alright, I need to say something."
Gumball says: "Okay you know sometimes there are these things that seem really awkward but they're not really and it's like WAAYY better if someone just tells you but it's a little touchy so they try to put it in the most delicate way possible?"
Lucy Simian says: "Okay?"
Gumball says: "Your breath smells so bad your face should be wearing diapers."
Miss Simian exhales and smells her breath, which results in her gagging.
The Aftermath.
In Principal Brown's office.
Nigel Brown says: "And how did she take it?"
Gumball says: "Well, I didn't have to go to the hospital."
Gumball says: "The nurse said it would be more dangerous to surgically remove the pencil."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, I can't thank you enough for what you've done for me, so I'm not gonna thank you at all, you're welcome."
The two sit in silence again.
Gumball says: "What about the other part of the plan?"
Nigel Brown says: "The plan worked brilliantly, so brilliantly in fact that we didn't have to do the rest of it."
Nigel Brown says: "We should quit while I'm ahead."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "If you think you can wuss out of this, you've got another thing coming!"
Nigel Brown says: "WOAHWOAHAAAHHH, WATCH OUT!"
Gumball turns around to see what happened, he turns back and then Principal Brown is nowhere to be found.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Wha?"
Gumball says: "I can see you, Principal Brown."
Nigel Brown says: "No, you can't."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Um."
Gumball says: "Er."
Bricks.
The scene begins with Principal Brown having his break, and Gumball throws a brick at the window with some paper stuck to it with rope.
Nigel Brown says: "Wagh!"
Nigel Brown says: ""You better keep your end of the deal or I'll tell Miss Simian."
Nigel Brown says: "" He's bluffing."
Another brick gets thrown at the window.
Nigel Brown says: "OOF."
Nigel Brown says: "HEY!"
Nigel Brown says: ""I'm not bluffing."
A third brick gets thrown at the window.
Nigel Brown says: "AAGH!"
Nigel Brown says: ""I have nothing else to say, I just had to buy a full two-hundred page notepad and I don't want it to go to waste."
The final brick gets thrown at the window, and Brown unties the rope and reads it yet again.
Nigel Brown says: ""So, how's it going?"
This Is How Far He's Prepared To Go.
This scene takes place at the Elmore Auto Repair and Principal Brown returns for his car.
Auto Repair Worker says: "And remember to use your handbrake this time!"
Nigel Brown says: "Yeah, yeah, whatever..."
Principal Brown then turns his mirror and Gumball appears with an extremely malnourished look.
Gumball says: "GRAAAAARGH!"
Nigel Brown says: "AAAGHHH!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, I haven't said anything in a while."
Nigel Brown says: "How long have you been in here?"
Gumball says: "It's hard to tell."
Gumball says: "After a day or so you lose track of time."
Gumball says: "It takes much longer to repair a car than I thought."
Gumball says: "it's my spine protruding through my stomach."
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, sorry, no."
Nigel Brown says: "Are you sure you aren't taking this a bit too far?"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "AND LET THIS BE A LESSON!"
Gumball says: "THIS IS HOW FAR I'M PREPARED TO GO!"
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, I got the message."
Gumball says: "Good."
Gumball says: "Now could you push me out of your car, please?"
Gumball says: "I got the muscle mass of a J-rock singer."
Principal Brown opens the front right door and then blows Gumball out of his car, who rolls away like a tumbleweed.
The Stalker.
The scene begins with the school bell ringing and suspenseful music, and Elmore Junior High having a dark, gloomy and spooky genre setting. Principal Brown prepares to leave his office and then looks outside on the playground, and Gumball stares at him with a terrifying face.
Nigel Brown says: "Huh!"
Principal Brown and Miss Simian appear in the faculty break room and are about to kiss, and Gumball appears behind Miss Simian with the evil face. Brown screams when he sees Gumball, causing Miss Simian to lose her temper. Brown is then seen in the cafeteria reading a newspaper, which appears to have Gumball's face on it. He moves it away from his face, and then another person is holding a newspaper with Gumball's face printed on it. They put it down and Gumball looks at Brown. Brown is in his house and is struggling to sleep. He wakes up and Gumball appears in front of his bed. He then gives out a large scream.
Nigel Brown says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGH!"
Nigel Brown says: "O-oh, what a terrible nightmare."
Gumball appears on his left.
Nigel Brown says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRGHH!"
The Truth.
The scene begins in Elmore Junior High, with Gumball filling his locker with equipment for the next class. Principal Brown then shuts Gumball's locker.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Nigel Brown says: "You should be careful about threatening me, Watterson!"
Nigel Brown says: "I control everything in this school!"
Nigel Brown says: "If say a teacher was to look into your locker tomorrow, The you might find the money from the school safe!"
Gumball says: "You think you can buy your way out of our deal?"
Gumball says: "You're completely right!"
Gumball says: "I'll take it!"
Nigel Brown says: "No, it will be stolen."
Gumball says: "I don't need to know where it came from."
Nigel Brown says: "I'll be framing you, bewhiskered fool, and then I'll expel you and send you to jail!"
Gumball says: "Well, if I go down, I'm takin' you with me."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, if you do take me with you, I'm gonna sit in the back and complain the whole way and keep asking you if we're there yet."
Gumball says: "Well, if you're going to expel me, I'm telling Miss Simian that you put me up to this!"
Nigel Brown says: "Ooh, go ahead, I'd love to see you try!"
Gumball walks away, causing Brown to panic.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, no, no, no, no, wait!"
Principal Brown's Plan Exposed.
Gumball angrily runs away, and Principal Brown attempts to go after him.
Nigel Brown says: "Get back here!"
Nigel Brown says: "You asked for it, Watterson."
Turns on security camera monitor. Gumball can be seen running angrily in the halls in the security camera. Brown speaks into the intercom.
Nigel Brown says: "You're making a big mistake, son."
Nigel Brown says: "This school is mine."
Nigel Brown says: "I control everything here."
Nigel Brown says: "and tried to open my web."
Nigel Brown says: "Darn it."
Nigel Brown says: "Right, update all that stuff."
Nigel Brown says: "I had to use it how I liked it."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, there it is."
Cuts to the security camera, and Principal Brown's voice can be heard on the intercom.
Nigel Brown says: "Time to turn up the heat!"
As Gumball continues running, the heater tubes overheat, letting out smoke as Gumball panics and attempts to run away from them. Gumball manages to dodge all of the heater smoke, but he accidentally falls down the stairs and falls face down.
Nigel Brown says: "Attention, detention class."
Nigel Brown says: "The first person to bring me Watterson's head is exempt from their punishment."
Julius, Mowdown, and Rotten Cupcake bust out their detention class, each holding a weapon of very sharp art materials stuck together, including colored pencils as the tip. They smile evilly as Gumball gasps.
Nigel Brown says: "Wait, I probably should've clarified."
Nigel Brown says: "The body must must still be attached to his head."
The bullies groan, and drop their weapons down. They grab the baseball bats from behind their backs and continue to smile evilly.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, and, uh, both must still be alive."
The bullies groan and toss their baseball bats off-screen.
Nigel Brown says: "Well, go on, get Watterson!"
The bullies smile evilly again, and Gumball runs away from them, screaming. He pauses by Darwin.
Julius says: "Get em, get em!"
Julius says: "Get one of em!"
Rotten Cupcake says: "He's getting away!"
Darwin says: "Don't you dare."
Gumball says: "Sorry, dude."
Darwin remains lying down with his upset pose, and Gumball runs away. Rotten Cupcake, Julius, and Mowdown jump over Darwin and grab him.
Nigel Brown says: "No, wait!"
Nigel Brown says: "The other Watterson!"
Cut to the security camera again, in which Gumball can still be seen running away. He gasps at seeing Miss Simian walk by.
Gumball says: "Miss Simian."
Gumball eagerly tries to run to Miss Simian while panting. He raises his hand up and tries to get Miss Simian's attention.
Gumball says: "Miss Simian!"
Cut to Principal Brown pressing a keyboard button, and a garage door slowly descends to prevent Gumball from catching up to Miss Simian. Gumball angrily tries to run by it, but fails, and the garage door closes.
Nigel Brown says: "You big-headed fool!"
Gumball growls. Cut to Principal Brown's office, where Principal Brown can still be heard laughing until Gumball breaks through his door.
Gumball says: "Your report card just came in."
Gumball says: "You got a D..."
Gumball says: "for going down!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh-ho-ho, I'm not the one going down."
Gumball says: "NOOOOOOOOO-oooooo..."
Nigel Brown says: "What was that about?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, I thought it would be a trapdoor or something."
Gumball says: "What was that button for?"
Gumball says: "OH, YEAH?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "WELL, THIS IS YOU!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh yeah?"
Nigel Brown says: "Well, here's your tears."
Nigel Brown says: "Delicious."
Gumball says: "OH, YEAH?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "WELL, THIS IS YOUR FACE!"
Gumball says: "FIGHT ME!!"
Nigel Brown says: "No need, Watterson."
Nigel Brown says: "You're done."
Nigel Brown says: "I've got all that on my security camera."
Nigel Brown says: "I set it recording when I pushed that button earlier."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, that'll teach for trusting a handshake wouldn't it, Watterson?"
Gumball says: "You USED ME!"
Nigel Brown says: "That's right,  What have I done?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "I've broken my oath as guardian of the school."
Nigel Brown says: "I've become a principal without principles!"
Nigel Brown says: "All because I was scared of telling Penny Fitzgerald about a stupid laugh!"
Gumball's angry look turns into a terrified one upon hearing him mention Penny and her laugh.
Nigel Brown says: "A laugh that sounds like she's gargling air inside her mouth!"
Nigel Brown says: "Your words, not mine."
Nigel Brown says: "I should've just done my part on our secret pact."
Nigel Brown says: "You'll get rid of Miss Simian's toxic pie hole vapors,..."
Nigel Brown says: "They're standing right behind me, aren't they?"
Gumball says: "No..."
Gumball says: "They're on your left."
Camera reveals Miss Simian and Penny, glaring angrily at Principal Brown and Gumball. Gumball has a blushing, defeated face and Principal Brown has a surprised face. The episode ends.