The Invitation.
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Richard are in the living room with the TV on. The doorbell rings and Anais answers it. It is Larry, who's dressed fancily and plays a fanfare. Anais gasps.
Anais says: "My prince charming has finally arrived!"
Anais says: "I knew it was worth kissing all those frogs."
Larry says: "Actually, I'm here to deliver a message to Gumball and Darwin."
Anais says: "Oh, well."
Anais says: "Back to work, Reginald."
Reginald lets out a deep, long croak and Anais walks away while kissing him.
Larry says: "You are about to receive an invitation to a birthday party."
He holds up a box that plays a fanfare and opens up to reveal a flower, which opens up to let a mechanical bird fly out. The bird explodes and there is a bright flash, which dilates Gumball's, Darwin's, Richard's, and Larry's pupils.
Gumball says: "Okay, so where's the invitation?"
Larry says: "That was it, the confetti spelled it out."
Darwin says: "We were kinda blinded by the explosion."
Larry says: "Just close your eyes."
They do.
Gumball says: "Oh, my gosh, it's burned into our retinas!"
Darwin says: ""Come to Masami's birthday party."
Gumball and Darwin blink rapidly.
Gumball says: "Dude, this is bad."
Darwin says: "Dude, this is bad."
Larry says: "I know, I've seen it twenty times today."
Larry says: "The doctor said it should fade sometime between now and the next ten years, have a nice day."
He leaves with his arm extended out. He falls off the porch, gets into the wrong car, drives into the mailbox, and backs into a street light, knocking it down and causing a fire. Gumball closes the door.
Gumball says: "We meant the birthday party is bad!"
Richard says: "It's a party, what's not to like?"
Richard says: "There'll be cake and games and cake—"
Richard says: "CAAAAAAKE!"
Darwin says: "You don't get it, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, this is Masami."
Darwin says: "She's like the princess of Elmore Junior High."
Gumball says: "Everything's gotta be perfect!"
Gumball says: "You saw the invitation!"
Richard says: "Still can."
Darwin says: "And who knows what will happen if she's disappointed."
Darwin says: "Her dad's a very powerful man."
Gumball says: "Do you remember Harry from third grade?"
Richard says: "I remember Harry."
Richard says: "He used to sit behind me in math."
Gumball says: "Not your third grade, our third grade."
Darwin says: "I remember him."
Darwin says: "He gave Masami a pair of toe-socks."
Gumball says: "Big mistake."
Gumball says: "Masami doesn't have legs."
Gumball says: "Next thing you know Harry's dad lost his job at the Rainbow Factory and the whole family moved outta town."
Richard says: "Don't worry, that could never happen to us."
Richard says: "I don't have a job."
Darwin says: "But Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom does."
Darwin says: "We need to get Masami the best gift ever."
Gumball says: "But what do you get for the girl who has everything?"
Richard says: "Uh, what about friendship?"
Richard says: "Isn't being there for someone the most beautiful gift you can give?"
Gumball says: "Or we lie our way out of the party."
Darwin says: "Yup, much better plan."
They both leave the house.
Awkward Interactions.
At school in the hall, Gumball and Darwin explain to Masami why they cannot come.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "And that's when the raccoons broke into our house because they started that turf war with the skunks and while they were fighting, they fell into the shark tank and then one of the raccoons grabbed the invite and tried to get out, but got eaten anyway and that's why we can't come to your party, okay, bye!"
He and Darwin turn to leave.
Masami says: "Hold on a second."
Masami says: "You can't come because you lost the invite that was burnt into your retinas?"
Gumball inhales deeply.
Gumball says: "Yyeeesss..."
Masami says: "We'll just have another one."
Masami says: "See you at the party, I guess."
She leaves.
Darwin says: "Of course, now that we're double-invited!"
He and Gumball laugh before sighing. They start walking, but bump into Larry.
Gumball says: "Could you point us toward the classroom, please?"
Larry says: "Could you point me toward the exit?"
Gumball points one way and Larry feels for his finger. Then Larry points the other way and Gumball feels for his finger. Gumball takes Darwin's fin and they all start walking. Larry falls out of a window while Gumball and Darwin end up inside one of the lockers.
Later, the bell rings and Masami is about to open her locker when Gumball and Darwin pop out.
Gumball says: "Hey, Masami, bet you don't know what pre—"
Gumball says: "really like."
Darwin says: "Dude, we haven't got her—"
Gumball shoves Darwin's legs into his mouth.
Masami says: "You're right."
Masami says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "But I bet you'd like to guess what present we got you that you would  really like."
Masami says: "Nah."
Masami says: "I wouldn't."
Darwin says: "Please try."
Masami says: "Okay, um, is it the Mic Graves I saw at the store?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Masami says: "Well, is it the—"
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Masami says: "But it's just I need something for my—"
Gumball says: "Bye!"
Masami says: "Whatever."
Masami leaves.
Darwin says: "What's a Mic Graves?"
Gumball says: "I don't know, mysterious girl stuff."
Gumball says: "But at least we know what to buy her."
Zoom out to reveal Elmore Junior High students hearing in on them.
Students says: "Mic Graves!"
They scramble.
Darwin says: "What a coincidence."
Darwin says: "I haven't heard of Mic Graves until Masami said it."
Darwin says: "And now everyone's talking about them."
Gumball says: "THEY WERE EAVESDROPPING, DUDE, COME ON!"
Race to the Mall.
Most of Gumball's classmates run down the hall. Gumball turns on a water fountain, causing Bobert to short out and crash into a wall. Darwin attaches Tobias' headband to a door handle, causing the former to start stretching out. The kids enter the cafeteria and Darwin kicks Idaho into Principal Brown's lunch. He gets picked up by his fork and screams, causing Principal Brown to notice him and scream as well. Gumball and Darwin approach Teri and Darwin blows her away. Some of the remaining kids exit the school. In the style of an 8-bit videogame, Gumball jumps on Ocho and uses him as a bowling ball against Jamie, Tina, Carmen, and William. Sarah reaches the mall parking lot.
Sarah says: "I made it!"
Sarah says: "I made it!"
Darwin uses a car's side-view mirror to reflect the sun onto her and melt her head, making her fall over. Gumball, Darwin, Jamie, Tina, Carmen, and William enter the mall. Tobias is struggling to go any further due to his headband being so stretched out. The headband snaps and he falls on his face. Gumball and Darwin approach the elevator and Gumball rapidly presses the button. The others run toward them. Tina knocks Carmen and Jamie away, leaving only her and William. Tina roars and Gumball gets into the elevator, taking Darwin with. The door closes and Tina and William crash into it. Larry is standing in the art department and Gumball and Darwin approach him.
Gumball says: "Larry!"
Gumball says: "Do you have any Mic Graves?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Larry says: "Any what?"
Gumball says: "Mic Graves—"
Gumball says: "a Mic Grave!"
Larry says: "Oh, Mic Graves, the artist."
Larry says: "Yes, we have an original for sale."
Gumball says: "Great!"
Gumball says: "I'll take it!"
Larry says: "That's four-thousand dollars."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Where are we gonna find four-thousand dollars?"
Larry says: "Oh, no, four-thousand dollars is the title of the painting."
Larry says: "It actually costs twenty-thousand dollars."
Darwin says: "Where are we gonna find twenty-thousand dollars??"
Gumball says: "Same place we weren't gonna find four-thousand dollars."
Darwin says: "We need to think of something we can actually afford."
Gumball says: "Or some one."
They leave. Tina, William, Carmen, Ocho, Sarah, and Jamie barge in and Larry screams.
Still Looking for a Gift.
Cut to the school hallway.
Alan​​​​​ says: "Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm."
Gumball says: "Aw, come on, Alan."
Gumball says: "All we're asking is to wrap you up, keep you overnight, and then give you as a love-gift to Masami."
Gumball says: "Is that so bad—"
Gumball says: "actually, now that I've said that out loud, it does seem pretty bad."
Alan​​​​​ says: "You know my heart belongs to Carmen."
Gumball says: "Fine, we'll give you ten dollars."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Money can't buy love."
Darwin says: "What about ice cream?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "Yes, I guess money can buy ice cream."
Gumball says: "He meant can ice cream buy your love?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "You can't buy love or fake love."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Love is immaterial, unquantifiable, love is,  Oh, come on!"
Later, the bell rings again. Masami exits the girls' bathroom.
Carmen says: "Happy Day-Before-Your-Birthday Day!"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Happy Day-Before-Your-Birthday Day!"
Teri says: "Happy Day-Before-Your-Birthday Day!"
They laugh sycophantically.
Masami says: "What are you talking about?"
Carmen says: "Heh, you know, the Day-Before-Your-Birthday Day, the tradition when your friends act like your slaves and in exchange, you tell them how to avoid making you angry at your party."
Carmen says: "Heh, heh!"
Masami says: "Please don't do that."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Yeah, leave her alone, guys."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "I got you a gift you'll love."
Masami says: "Look, please stop freaking out about the gift."
Masami says: "Like, a flower is fine."
Leslie throws his gift away, hitting Teri.
Leslie​​​​​ says: "How funny, that's exactly what I got you."
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Look."
He picks his own head off and offers it to Masami, screaming several times, Carmen, Teri and Masami look at him horrified.
Masami says: "Enough!"
Masami says: "Stop, fawning over me."
Teri says: "How exactly would you like us to stop fawning over you?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "Should we wind it down slowly?"
Carmen says: "Or cut it altogether?"
Masami says: "Can we just forget, that it is my birthday?"
She leaves.
Teri says: "It's a test."
They run off. Gumball and Darwin come up off of the floor, disguised as it. They're scuffed up.
Gumball says: "Okay, you were right—"
Gumball says: "we should have camouflaged ourselves against the wall instead of the floor."
Darwin says: "Did you notice how unhappy she was?"
Darwin says: "It's like she's forgotten how to have fun."
Darwin says: "She's gone fun-numb."
Gumball says: "Yeah, does she even realize how good she has it?"
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "Maybe Dad was right, what she needs for her birthday is a big old nothing."
Darwin says: "Wait, I don't understand."
Gumball says: "You know how you only miss things once they're gone?"
Gumball says: "What if our present was to give her a new taste for life?"
Gumball says: "Something that'll make her realize how lucky she is?"
Darwin says: "No, I understand that what I don't understand is: Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad was right?"
Gumball says: "I know weird, but statistically, it had to happen one day."
They walk off. Fade out.
Trapped in the Basement.
Fade in. In a closeup, Gumball has his hands over Masami's eyes.
Gumball says: "Guess what our present is."
Masami says: "I don't want anything."
Gumball says: "It's not something you want, it's something you need."
He removes his hands, letting Masami see.
Gumball says: "Surprise!"
Darwin says: "Surprise!"
They're in the Watterson basement.
Masami says: "You got me a basement?"
Darwin says: "No—"
Darwin says: "we locked you in our basement so you missed your birthday party and realized how much you actually wanted it."
Masami says: "Mm-hmm, right, although that is an interesting idea, it is a felony to lock people up against their will."
Gumball says: "And that's why we're gonna abandon that plan and open the door right now."
Gumball says: "Why will nobody help?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Cut to the hospital. The Bandage Doctor talks to Nicole while Richard looks at Anais, who's lying in a bed, all swollen up, and holding a frog.
Bandage Doctor says: "..."
Bandage Doctor says: "Because your daughter kept kissing frogs."
Bandage Doctor says: "That's how you get frog flu."
Bandage Doctor says: "I'll prescribe wart cream, a healthy dose of reality, and far fewer princess movies."
The frog lets out a deep, long croak.
Cut back to the Watterson basement.
Masami says: "Okay, okay."
Masami says: "Let's not panic."
Masami says: ""Dad, please help, they've locked me in a basement."
Gumball says: "You're making it sound like we've locked you in the basement against your will!"
Masami says: "You kinda have."
Darwin says: "Your dad doesn't have to know that!"
Darwin says: "And we said sorry."
Masami says: "No, you didn't."
Gumball says: "Well, we'll say it now."
He and Darwin start begging and saying "Sorry!".
Masami says: "Apology not accepted!"
Masami says: "And—"
Masami says: "YOU JUST SENT THIS TO MY DAD!"
She shows a picture of herself shielding herself from the camera flash with the text "Dad please help they've locked me in a basement".
Darwin says: "It looks really bad!"
Gumball says: "Okay, don't stress!"
Gumball says: "I can fix this."
Gumball says: ""Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Yoshida."
Gumball says: "Your daughter is safe, to get her back, just follow my instructions."
Gumball says: "You need—"
Darwin grabs onto the phone.
Darwin says: "You're making it worse!"
Darwin says: ""To get her back, just follow my instructions."
Darwin says: "You need three M"?"
Darwin says: "AS IN THREE MILLION DOLLARS?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Then there's emojis of a clock and a flamingo dancing."
Darwin says: "Does that make it more or less sinister?"
Gumball says: "Listen, I'll just call him!"
Grabs the phone again. Darwin reaches for it and they fight over it again as it dings repeatedly.
Cut to the party. Most of Gumball's other classmates are there, many of them smiling nervously and some frowning as Mr. Yoshida's phone receives the texts.
Mr. Yoshida says: "And now they keep sending me weird coded messages."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm not sure about the sheep blowin' air out of his butt onto a cake, but the clock and the flamingo dancer definitely means "Be on time or face the music."
Mr. Yoshida gasps.
Donut Sheriff says: "Don't worry, Mr."
Donut Sheriff says: "Yoshida."
Donut Sheriff says: "We've triangulated a signal."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm sendin' in the big boys."
Cut back to the basement. Gumball and Darwin fall down the stairs, still fighting over the phone. They hit the floor and the phone lands face-down. Masami picks it up— the screen is broken.
Masami says: "How are we gonna call for help now?!"
Masami says: "!"
Gumball says: "Look for anything that could be useful!"
They all rapidly dig around the basement.
Darwin says: "Here!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "A flare!"
Gumball says: "Someone's bound to see it!"
Masami says: "Isn't that a bit dangerous?"
Gumball says: "Masami, please, we've been in a lot of unexpected predicaments before and we always escape unhurt."
Masami and Darwin just look at him.
Gumball says: "Okay, we sometimes escape unhurt."
They still look at him.
Gumball says: "All right, we escaped unhurt once..."
Gumball says: "and then we hurt ourselves on the way home."
Darwin says: "The point is: We're pros."
Darwin says: "Trust us."
The gun goes off and the flare ricochets into a box, which catches fire.
Gumball says: "Okay, although this looks bad, it could be a whole lot—"
Gumball says: "Quick, rain on it!"
Masami struggles, then blushes and stops.
Masami says: "I can't when I'm being watched."
There is an explosion off-screen and they run to another section of the basement, screaming.
Gumball says: "Oh, look!"
Gumball says: "Two pipes—"
Gumball says: "one is gas, one is water."
Darwin says: "It's your birthday, you choose."
There is a bigger explosion off-screen and they scream.
Masami says: "That one!"
Gumball takes part of the pipe out and the water douses the fire. Gumball sighs and they all laugh until they realize that the basement starts to flood.
Darwin says: "What do we do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Drink!"
Gumball says: "Drink like your life depends on it!"
Gumball says: "Which it does."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Guys, what are we doing?"
Gumball says: "I've got the perfect tool to get us out of here."
Gumball uses the pipe part to suck in water.
Masami says: "Well."
Masami says: "After being trapped in a basement with you guys, I certainly do appreciate my life a lot more."
Darwin says: "Sorry, we just wanted to get you the best gift possible."
Masami says: "I'd have been happy with something small—"
Masami says: "like these socks I got from Harry."
Masami says: "I wear them all the time."
Gumball says: "Okay, firstly: What?"
Gumball says: "You got legs?"
Gumball says: "Secondly: Everyone thought you had Harry's dad run out of Elmore."
Gumball says: "And thirdly: What?"
Gumball says: "You got legs?"
Masami says: "Firstly: Yes, I have legs."
Masami says: "Secondly: Harry's dad got promoted, that's why they had to move away."
Masami says: "And thirdly: See firstly."
Masami says: "All I really wanted was for people to treat me like a normal person and sing "Happy Birthday" to me."
Gumball says: "Awww."
Darwin says: "Awww."
Gumball says: "Ready, Darwin?"
They both inhale.
Gumball says: "Happy—"
Darwin says: "Happy—"
A SWAT team of French Fries barges in and knock Gumball and Darwin on their faces while a police siren is heard.
Episode ends.