Going Camping.
The episode opens with the Wattersons in their car as Nicole drives along a desert road.
Gumball says: "Some say it was a military experiment gone wrong."
Gumball says: "They say he roams the desert, feeding off lost strangers."
Gumball says: "They say he has the body of a cougar, the wings of a bat, and the head… of a duck!"
Darwin, Anais, and Richard scream; Richard cries.
Nicole says: "Guys, guys, guys!"
Nicole says: "Please save the campfire stories for the campfire."
Nicole says: "You’re going to give him nightmares."
The kids giggles.
Anais says: "Okay, my turn!"
Richard tries to toast a marshmallow in the light.
Anais says: "Dad, we’ve been over this."
Anais says: "It’s not a real fire."
Richard says: ""Dad, we’ve been over this, neh, neh, neh."
Anais says: "There was once a pickup truck following a man for hours and hours down an empty highway."
Anais says: "The man slowed down to let the truck overtake him."
Anais says: "When the truck pulled level, the window rolled down and the man realized..."
Anais says: "the truck had no driver!"
Everyone screams, startling Nicole. They laugh, and she looks at them annoyed.
Richard says: "Okay!"
Richard says: "I’ve got one!"
Richard says: "There was once a very hungry hitchhiker who was lost at night."
Richard says: "He saw some light coming in from a house, so he walked in but found it deserted except for one fridge."
Richard says: "He slowly opened the door and realized..."
Richard says: "the fridge was empty!"
Gumball says: "Dad, that was about as scary as being chased by a swarm of butterflies."
Anais says: "Yeah, or a street gang of kittens."
Richard says: "Hmph!"
Darwin says: "Don’t worry, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "Grown-ups can’t tell scary stories."
Nicole says: "Oh, really?"
Nicole says: "Then what about the tale of the sixteen hour shift."
Nicole says: "With no paid overtime?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Anais says: "Mom, face it."
Anais says: "You can’t tell a horror story."
Nicole says: "Yeah?"
Nicole says: "Well, maybe when you kids grow up, you’ll know how scary financial pressures can be."
Darwin says: "Don’t worry Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Darwin says: "It’s not your fault you’re boring."
Darwin says: "It’s because you’re old."
Nicole says: "Richard, flashlight!"
Richard shines the flashlight in Nicole's face.
Nicole says: "Higher, that’s not a flattering angle."
Nicole says: "In a car driving through the desert, just like this one, there was a family just like ours."
Nicole says: "Richard, that’s not the scary bit."
Nicole says: "They were heading on a camping trip when they broke down in the middle of nowhere."
The kids literally sink into the back seat.
Nicole says: "A strange old man living in a derelict gas station helped them out and suggested they stay for dinner, and as he grinned at them with a toothless smile, they realized that the main course..."
Nicole says: "WAS THEM!"
Everyone screams.
Nicole says: "Now, we’d better hope we don’t break down."
The engine sputters and dies, and the car rolls to a stop. Everyone screams.
Nicole says: "Boo-yah!"
Nicole says: "Who’s boring now?"
The Wattersons sigh with relief and laugh.
Anais says: "You really nailed it with the fake breakdown."
Anais says: "I wish I was still wearing diapers."
Nicole says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "Let’s get back on the road."
Nicole turns the key, but the car refuses to start.
Nicole says: "So, you’re gonna laugh at this."
Everyone screams.
Nicole says: "Oh, calm down!"
Darwin says: "But it’s just like in the story!"
Gumball says: "Some toothless old guy’s gonna eat my brain!"
Nicole says: "Gumball, please calm down."
Nicole says: "I’m sure it’s nothing."
Nicole opens the front hood only to see molten pink marshmallows.
Nicole says: "Richard, why is the engine compartment full of marshmallows?"
Richard says: "Nicole, I think you mean the front trunk."
Nicole angrily slams the front hood several times.
Nicole says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "This is not going to ruin our family outing."
Roadside Assistance.
Nicole takes out a map.
Nicole says: "Here."
Nicole says: "There’s a garage a mile north."
Nicole says: "Richard, go get help."
Richard is behind the car, trying to cook a marshmallow with the sunlight reflecting off the window.
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "I’ll go when my marshmallow’s done."
Nicole stares at him with flaming eyes, burning his marshmallow.
Richard says: "Alright!"
Nicole says: "Thank you, honey."
Richard says: "Aww, I’m supposed to be on vacation, you know."
Nicole says: "Richard, you don’t have a job, you’re always on vacation."
Richard says: "Ohhh..."
After many hours, everyone is dehydrated, and Richard is seen crawling to the car.
Gumball says: "Dad, did you find a mechanic?"
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "I think there’s something wrong with the compass."
Nicole says: "Richard, show me that."
Richard shakily holds up a pocket watch.
Nicole says: "It’s a watch."
Nicole says: "You've been following it in a circle for twelve hours."
Richard says: "I’m so dehydrated I can’t even cry!"
Darwin says: "It’s okay, the sun’s going down."
Darwin says: "It’ll be dark soon."
Gumball says: "Just in time to get eaten alive."
An old man shows up at the car window. The kids scream, and their appearance returns to normal.
Scary Old Man says: "Long way from home, ain’t ya?"
Darwin says: "Oh, it’s okay!"
Darwin says: "He’s not toothless."
Nicole says: "Thank you, sir, but we have roadside assistance."
Nicole says: "I’ll just use my cell."
Scary Old Man says: "You can try calling for help, but you won’t get none."
Scary Old Man says: "There’s no signal here."
Nicole says: "I don’t suppose you could help us, could you?"
Scary Old Man says: "Sure, but we better go soon."
Scary Old Man says: "We don’t want to miss dinner!"
The man laughs again, only this time, his only tooth falls out of his mouth.
Darwin says: "Okay, he’s toothless now."
Darwin says: "Time to panic."
The kids scream, and the scene transitions to the man pushing their car.
Nicole says: "Kids, stop staring at him!"
Gumball says: "But Mom, it’s the guy from the story."
Nicole says: "Oh, don’t be silly."
Nicole says: "Thank you again, sir, this is very kind of you."
Scary Old Man says: "Don’t worry about me."
Scary Old Man says: "I’m just working up my appetite."
Darwin says: "We’re being pushed to our doom!"
Gumball says: "Really, really slowly."
Nicole says: "Look, just because he matches the story I made up doesn't mean he’s a psycho, even if he is obviously, you know, dentally challenged."
Nicole says: "And, anyway, I’d be very surprised if we ended up in a derelict gas sta--  Oh."
Nicole says: "Whaddya know?"
Scary Old Man says: "Here we are!"
Scary Old Man says: "Your final destination."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "He lives in a gas station?"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Nicole says: "It’s just an assassination--  I mean a coincidence."
Nicole says: "How 'bout you guys just go stretch your legs?"
Dinner Reservations.
Cuts to Gumball and Darwin walking to the derelict gas station.
Darwin says: "I don’t like this, dude."
Gumball says: "Me neither."
Gumball says: "We should watch our backs."
Their eyes move to their backs.
Darwin says: "That’s much better."
They walk to the gas station and run into a stuffed fox. They scream as they look around at skulls and a stuffed badger.
Gumball says: "That one looks like it’s angry at both of us at the same time!"
A woman appears at the front door, seemingly dead.
Gumball says: "He stuffed all of his animals, and his mom!"
Gumball and Darwin run away screaming.
Scary Old Woman says: "..."
Scary Old Woman says: "come!"
Gumball and Darwin run into the car.
Gumball says: "MOM, WE GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE NOW!"
Nicole says: "Yes, about that."
Nicole says: "Apparently the engine is..."
Nicole says: "caramelized."
Richard says: "Mmmm."
Nicole says: "He can’t fix it."
Nicole says: "We’re stuck here."
Nicole says: "But the good news is, he says he’ll have us for dinner."
Gumball and Darwin open their mouths as if they're screaming.
Nicole says: "Can you guys stop screaming every five minutes?"
Gumball says: "Actually, we’re doing a silent scream."
Gumball says: "We need to save our voices for when he eats us!"
Anais says: "You guys are being ridiculous, scaring yourselves with narrow-minded assumptions about country people."
Scary Old Man says: "Big brain for such a small thing."
Scary Old Man says: "I like that."
Anais says: "WE GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE NOW!"
Nicole says: "decorated the house with whipped cream instead of fake snow."
A flashback begins. It's Christmas. Nicole enters the house.
Nicole says: "Merry Christmas- whooaa!"
Nicole slips and falls unconscious.
Richard says: "Uh, how much cream did you eat?"
End of flash back.
Nicole says: "Then there was the Fourth of July."
Flash back starts.
Nicole says: "Be careful, Richard."
The firework flies up and falls down in their neighbors' backyard.
End of flash back.
Nicole says: "Then your mother’s visit."
Flash back starts again with Nicole driving Granny Jojo.
Granny Jojo says: "After you drop me at the mall, go to the grocery store and buy me a melon, not too hard, not too soft."
Granny Jojo says: "Then pick me up at two-thirty, don’t be late."
Granny Jojo says: "I have a three PM appointment at the beauty parlor."
Granny Jojo says: "And by the looks of you, you could do with an appointment yourself."
Granny Jojo says: "Then you need to collect my..."
End of flash back.
Nicole says: "And let’s not forget Halloween."
Flash back starts, Richard hides besides the door, Nicole comes out of the bathroom and sees Richard with a werewolf mask.
Richard says: "Happy Halloween!"
Nicole says: "Aaaah!"
Nicole karate kicks Richard without knowing it’s him, he falls down the stairs.
Nicole says: "Richard?"
Richard says: "There’s some liquid in my lungs!"
End of flash back.
Nicole says: "So I am not going to ruin this by listening to your crazy assumptions!"
Nicole says: "We said we were going camping, so we."
Nicole says: "Are going."
Nicole says: "Camping!"
Nicole breathes heavily.
Nicole says: "And it’ll be nice."
Nicole says: "Thanks for the hospitality, sir."
Nicole says: "Could you just let us know when dinner’s ready?"
Scary Old Man says: "Oh, don’t worry."
Scary Old Man says: "You’ll be the first to know."
Camera zooms in three times on Gumball, Darwin, & Anais. Strings from "Psycho" plays, which is actually Richard scraping marshmallow from the engine with a spoon, and eating it.
Richard says: "Mmm, caramel."
Night Terror.
The scene changes to their camping tents at night. The scary man stares at them and holds a bloodstained saw.
Nicole says: "If you’re happy and you know it, clap your hands!"
Nicole claps her hands. The family is gathered, scared.
Nicole says: "If you’re happy and you- oh come on, guys!"
Nicole says: "Just because an ugly man lives in a terrifying shack in the middle of nowhere..."
Nicole says: "with his mother..."
Scary Old Man says: "It’s dinner time!"
They run away.
Scary Old Woman says: "Come on, fellas!"
Scary Old Woman says: "Let’s eat!"
Scary Old Woman says: "Who doesn't like pizza?"
Nicole says: "I don’t understand!"
Nicole says: "How can this be happening?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "I made it up!"
Gumball says: "Well, next you make up a randomly scary story that comes true, could you please invent a vegetarian psycho who lives near a well-lit police station?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Scary Old Man says: "Mom made some hot poppers, too."
Gumball says: "Aaaaah!"
Richard loses fat from running, he becomes remotely unrecognizable.
Richard says: "We can’t run forever!"
Richard says: "I’m out of calories!"
He eats marshmallows and becomes fat again.
Richard says: "And I’m almost out of marshmallows!"
Anais says: "Look!"
Anais says: "A head in the road!"
Everyone screams.
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "I mean ahead in the road."
Anais says: "A car!"
They signal for the driver.
Unseen Driver says: "You guys need a ride?"
The camera shows a fridge in the truck compartment, it opens creakily and is empty.
Richard says: "Ahh!"
Richard says: "The fridge is empty!"
Everyone runs away screaming.
Driver says: "Hm?"
Driver says: "I guess not."
Scary Old Man says: "Come back!"
Richard says: "Kids!"
Richard says: "Kids, where are you?!"
Richard says: "!"
He falls off a cliff and gets stuck between the mountain rocks, then falls down into a mud puddle.
Nicole says: "Guys."
Nicole says: "Guys!"
Nicole says: "Where are you?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Guys?"
Richard says: "I’m here!"
Richard comes out of the mud and Nicole kicks him several times, then runs away screaming.
The scene changes to Gumball.
Scary Old Man says: "Yello!"
Scary Old Man says: "Time for dinner!"
Scary Old Man says: "I’m ready for ya!"
Camera spins around Gumball.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Leave us alone!"
Gumball walks dizzy.
Gumball says: "I have been looking around too fast."
Gumball and Darwin walk into each other, getting black eyes. The scene changes to Anais.
Anais says: "Mom?"
Anais says: "Dad?"
Anais says: "Help me, I’m scared."
Richard says: "Don’t worry, baby."
As he rises out of the mud, Anais grabs him by the arm and swings him against the ground several times.
Anais says: "Dad?"
Anais says: "Sorry."
Richard says: "Don’t worry honey, Dad’s here to save you!"
Richard places Anais on his head then starts walking, but she is hit by a branch and falls with a black eye.
Scary Old Man says: "Why are you guys running from me?!"
Scary Old Man says: "!"
Scary Old Man says: "I’m a nice guy."
Scary Old Man says: "Look."
He lights a flashlight on his toothless grin, Nicole turns around and two white eyes appear behind her. She starts flailing about trying to fend them off.
Nicole says: "Get away from my family, you pointy-headed goblin!"
Gumball and Darwin show up from there.
Gumball says: "Mom, chill out!"
Gumball says: "It’s only us!"
Richard says: "Aaaaah!"
Richard threatens them with aimless punches.
Gumball says: "Dad, chill out."
Gumball says: "It’s us."
Richard embraces them.
Richard says: "Thank heavens you’re alive."
Anais appears besides him.
Anais says: "Me too."
Richard threatens her too.
Gumball says: "Dad, chill out."
Gumball says: "It’s Anais."
Scary Old Man says: "Over here!"
Gumball says: "Everybody stop chilling."
Gumball says: "It’s him."
Everyone runs and screams.
Scary Old Man says: "I can’t be having dinner without ya!"
Scary Old Man says: "That’d be just plain rude."
Anais says: "There, in the distance."
Anais says: "A house!"
It turns out to be the gas station again.
Nicole says: "I don’t understand."
Scary Old Man says: "Well, you sure got me running there."
Scary Old Man says: "That’s gonna be a dinner well deserved."
They fall into the dug holes.
Gumball says: "Please, I beg you, let us go!"
Scary Old Man says: "Oh, I see you guys found the restroom."
Darwin says: "Restroom?"
Scary Old Man says: "Well, you know."
Scary Old Man says: "To “powder your nose”?"
Gumball says: "Why are there five of them?"
Scary Old Man says: "One each, for privacy."
Gumball says: "So you mean you’re not gonna eat our brains?"
Scary Old Man says: "If I was after brains, I wouldn’t go chasing you folks."
They all laugh.
Gumball says: "Hey, wait a minute."
Richard still laughing.
The scene changes to the next day. The family is in their car.
Nicole says: "Thank you for your help, sir."
Gumball says: "We’re really sorry for thinking you were a psycho."
The man laughs.
Gumball says: "You have to admit, you guys look like a buncha weirdo mutants."
Gumball says: "I mean, the stuffed animals, the screaming, the saw, your mom..."
Scary Old Man says: "What did you just say about my mama?"
Everyone says: "Nothing!"
Everyone says: "Bye!"
Their car is taken away by a hoist truck.
Nicole says: "See?"
Nicole says: "I told you I made it all up."
Darwin says: "Yeah, we knew there’s no such thing as a haunted pickup truck."
Gumball says: "Yeah, or a mutant desert monster."
In the background, a monster exactly like in Gumball’s story grabs the old man and flies away with him. The episode ends.