Gumball says: "Dude, check this out!"
Gumball catapults a pea in the air and gets launched directly into his mouth.
Gumball says: "That's right, baby!"
Darwin says: "It would've been more impressive if you succeeded the first time."
Ceiling is shown, covered in peas. All students are annoyed at being covered in them.
Leslie​​​​ says: "Hmph!"
Principal brown comes in the cafeteria, dressed in a hip-hop outfit and bling.
Nigel Brown says: "Swag!"
Nigel Brown says: "Rap music!"
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Piercings!"
Nigel Brown says: "YOLO!"
Nigel Brown says: "Hashtag!"
Nigel Brown says: "MP3!"
Nigel Brown says: "Tweets!"
Nigel Brown says: "Selfies!"
Nigel Brown says: "Skinny jeans!"
Mr. Small smacks Principal Brown with a tray.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I'm sorry, Principal Brown, but you look like such a jerk that even a granola-crunching pacifist like me had to do something about it."
Nigel Brown says: "Fair enough."
Principal brown crawls up to Gumball and Darwin's table.
Darwin says: "What are you doing, Principal Brown?"
Nigel Brown says: "Well, I thought if I was cool and became your friend, you wouldn't tell anyone."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Well, it's a bit weird, but, yeah, I guess we could be friends if it makes you feel better."
Nigel Brown says: "That is so refrigerated!"
Nigel Brown says: "You guys are riddled with disease!"
Nigel Brown says: "We should very much be suspended in an exterior environment."
Gumball says: "Did you mean to tell us that that's cool, we're sick, and we should totally hang out together?"
Nigel Brown says: "For sure!"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, izzle."
Awkward Camping.
Scene changes to the inside of a tent. Gumball clears his throat and inhales deeply, as if about to say something, but then sighs.
Nigel Brown says: "So, now we're friends."
Nigel Brown says: "Do you want to share some girl stories?"
Gumball and Darwin inhale sharply.
Gumball says: "AWKWARD, AWKWARD, AWKWARD!"
Darwin says: "YEP, YEP, YEP!"
Nigel Brown says: "Okay, I'll go first."
Nigel Brown says: "I must say, things are going pretty well with me and Miss Simian."
Gumball and Darwin inhale sharply again.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, come now."
Nigel Brown says: "Just because you're students and I'm your principal, it doesn't mean we can't share a few—"
Nigel Brown says: "AAAND I finally heard myself out loud."
Nigel Brown says: "Goodbye."
Principal Brown jumps through the window, trapped inside the tent, leaving only Gumball and Darwin, and crashes off-screen.
Nigel Brown says: "It's okay!"
Nigel Brown says: "I landed in a dumpster!"
Blackmailing and Blackshaming.
Gumball finds a note in his locker from Principal Brown.
Gumball says: ""Please don't tell."
Gumball says: "" Uh, he attached twenty dollars to the note."
Gumball says: "How cheap does he think we are?"
Another note comes out, then another, until twenty dollar notes are pouring out rapidly. When they stop, Gumball begins to say something, but Darwin cuts him off.
Darwin says: "No, you can't even remember what he doesn't want us to talk about!"
Gumball sighs, then suddenly Principal Brown’s muffled voice comes from inside a nearby locker.
Nigel Brown says: "If money isn't enough to stop you revealing I don't have a diploma..."
Gumball opens the locker by snapping his fingers, and Principal Brown gets out.
Nigel Brown says: "I've got a little dirt of my own."
Nigel Brown says: "What if this were to go public?"
Gumball says: "Look Principal Brown, first, that was a phase, and secondly, we've felt ashamed so many times in life that I think we're now incapable of feeling it, as in chemically."
Darwin says: "The doctor says we've run out of shame-osterone."
Darwin says: "Let me show you."
Darwin opens up Gumball's head and takes out various glands from his brains.
Darwin says: "As you can see, the brain is composed of many sections dedicated to emotion."
Darwin says: "Here is anger."
Darwin says: "Here is sadness."
Darwin says: "This here..."
The gland makes a weird relaxed gesture.
Darwin says: "We just don't know."
Darwin says: "And finally, this is the shame gland."
The camera zooms on the shame gland's wrinkled face.
Darwin says: "As you can see, It's pretty dried out."
Principal Brown sighs and walks away.
Gumball says: "Dude, could you put me back together, please?"
Darwin says: "Sure."
Darwin puts the glands back together in a messy way and puts Gumball's head back to his body.
Darwin says: "How's that?"
Darwin shakes Gumball.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "That's much better."
Nigel Brown says: "Gumball and Darwin Watterson, please report to the Principal's office."
Gumball says: "What does he want now?"
Spare Pair of Glasses.
The kids are again in the Principal's office, with a safe next to them.
Nigel Brown says: "Kids, I think I'm losing my mind."
Gumball and Darwin both sigh.
Gumball says: "Finally!"
Darwin says: "Well, at least you realize it's a problem."
Nigel Brown says: "I looked everywhere."
Nigel Brown says: "I looked in the drawer."
Nigel Brown says: "I looked under my desk, behind the bookshelf."
Gumball says: "Wait, what are we talking about here?"
Nigel Brown says: "My glasses!"
Nigel Brown says: "I can't find my glasses."
Gumball says: "Uh, you're wearing them."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, no, not these..."
Nigel Brown says: "My spare pair."
Nigel Brown says: "I think they might be in this safe."
Darwin crawls inside the safe.
Gumball says: "You keep your spare glasses in a safe?"
Darwin says: "I can't see them!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, no, no, no, they're right in the back."
Nigel Brown says: "Just keep going further in."
Principal Brown winks at the screen; Gumball looks at the screen and then back at Principal Brown.
Gumball says: "You're gonna lock us in the safe, aren't you?"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, would you believe a "no?"
Gumball says: "Look, Principal Brown, this is ridiculous!"
Gumball says: "If you keep wasting your time on us instead of doing your job, this place is gonna start falling apart!"
Rocky crashes through the ceiling.
Rocky says: "Oh, sorry."
Gumball says: "Okay, you really want to do something for us?"
Nigel Brown says: "Anything!"
Gumball says: "Then you'll leave us alone?"
Nigel Brown says: "Of course!"
Gumball says: "Then just take care of the school!"
Nigel Brown says: "Yes, yes, yes, of course."
Nigel Brown says: "That's it, take care of the school, and all my problems will be solved."
Nigel Brown says: "Thank you, Watterson!"
Nigel Brown says: "All I have to do is blow this place up!"
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Darwin says: "All I could find was these."
Gumball says: "Oh, well, that would explain the sound when he walks."
Gumball says: "WAIT, DID HE SAY BLOW UP THE SCHOOL?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Blowing up the School.
Gumball and Darwin start running down the hallway.
Darwin says: "We need to raise the alarm!"
Gumball says: "Are you crazy?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "No one can know about this!"
Gumball says: "There'd be complete panic!"
Gumball says: "We just have to stop him before he blows up the school!"
Leslie​​​ says: "Who's gonna blow up the school?!"
Leslie​​​ says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin stop.
Gumball says: "Help me out here!"
Darwin kicks Leslie out of the school.
Leslie​​​ says: "Whoa!"
Gumball says: "WHAT'D YOU DO THAT FOR?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "You said no one could know, and you winked at me!"
Gumball says: "YEAH, BUT I WAS..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "Uh, uh."
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Gumball says: "Let's go."
Nigel Brown says: "Rocky, can I have the keys to the boiler room?"
Nigel Brown says: "I'm gonna blow up the school."
Rocky says: "Eh, sure."
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, you'd better run."
Rocky says: "Oh, it's the little blue one!"
Rocky says: "Sometimes it sticks, so you might need to give it a—"
Rocky says: "PRINCIPAL BROWN'S GONNA BLOW UP THE SCHOOL?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Gumball says: "No, no, no, no, no, that's not what he meant!"
Darwin runs to Rocky, and rapidly punches his stomach multiple times.
Darwin says: "HI-YAH!"
Darwin says: "HI-YAH!"
Rocky says: "Wait a minute."
Rocky says: "Are you trying to knock me ou—"
Nigel Brown says: "If there's no school, then there's nothing to lose!"
Coach  Russo says: "Excuse me, Principal Brown, I—"
Nigel Brown says: "Take the children outside, Coach."
Nigel Brown says: "I'm gonna blow up the school."
Coach  Russo says: "Uh, wait, blow up what?"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, enough violence!"
Gumball says: "I'll take care of her."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, Coach."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "I'm trying to pinch a nerve cluster, but it's buried pretty deep."
Darwin says: "Oh, let me try something."
Darwin says: "Apparently, it works on cows."
Darwin pushes Coach. She then moos and falls over.
Nigel Brown says: "I've got to blow this place up!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "Principal Brown is gonna blow up the school?!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Small, we can explain!"
Mister Small​​​ says: "Hold on, kids."
Mister Small​​​ says: "I need to make a symbolic gesture of protest."
Mister Small​​​ says: "HALT IN THE NAME OF LOVE!"
Nigel Brown says: "Once this place is gone, my reputation will be safe!"
Nigel Brown says: "Save yourself, Lucy!"
Nigel Brown says: "Ohh!"
Nigel Brown says: "And again."
Nigel Brown says: "Everyone, evacuate the school!"
Everyone starts screaming. Principal Brown raises the alarm.
Nigel Brown says: "Now all I have to do is increase the oxygen supply, shut off the carbon dioxide release valve, which should combine with the boiling H2O, kick-start a reaction, which will BLOW UP THE WHOLE SCHOOL!"
Gumball says: "STOP!"
Gumball says: "DON'T DO THIS!"
Nigel Brown says: "SAVE YOURSELVES!"
Gumball says: "YOU MISUNDERSTOOD US!"
Gumball says: "We don't want you to blow up the school!"
Nigel Brown says: "But it's the only solution!"
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel, what is going on?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Wait, it should've blown by now."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, yeah, it's because of chemistry that I failed my diploma."
Gumball says: "Tell them the truth, Principal Brown."
Nigel Brown says: "I don't have a diploma."
Nigel Brown says: "Your principal is nothing more than a..."
Nigel Brown says: "a fraud!"
Nigel Brown says: "I should go."
Nigel Brown says: "But promise me you'll find a new principal to look after this place."
Darwin says: "But you are our principal."
Gumball says: "Or at least you were until you started worrying about that stupid diploma."
Lucy Simian says: "We all lie sometimes."
Lucy Simian says: "I lied about my age to get this job."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm not quite the spring chicken you think I am."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Hey, man, I'm not even a U."
Mister Small​​​ says: "S citizen!"
Coach  Russo says: "And I'm not a woman!"
Coach  Russo says: "Who can say she's never lied on her résumé either."
Gumball says: "Haven't you been doing this job for twenty years?"
Gumball says: "Surely, no one else is more qualified to be our principal than our principal."
Nigel Brown says: "You know what?"
Nigel Brown says: "You're right."
Nigel Brown says: "I'm gonna get this place back on track starting right here, right now!"
The whole school explodes, everyone coughs.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, yes, sorry, it was mathematics that I failed."
Episode ends.