Rampage Through Elmore.
Scene shows a normal neighbourhood somewhere in Elmore but the Watterson car pops out from one of the houses and continues into another house's front yard.
GPS says: "In twenty-five yards, turn left."
Richard turns left, smashing through the fence. The sheer force of the turn, combined with the high speed, causes Darwin and Anais' colors to come off and splat on the car door. Scene changes to Gary who is trying to cross the road; the car runs over his right foot then smashes through another house and continues on a road.
Gumball says: "Dad, why do we have to go to school?"
Richard says: "So you can get a job."
Gumball says: "But why do I need a job?"
Richard says: "So you can earn money."
GPS says: "Continue ahead."
The car smashes through "Danger" signs at the expressway.
Gumball says: "But why do I need money?"
Richard says: "To buy the stuff that the TV makes us want."
The car continues forward on an unfinished expressway and drops off.
Gumball says: "But why do I need to buy stuff?"
Camera changes to the inside of the car while it is free-falling.
Richard says: "Because if you didn't buy stuff, everyone would be out of a job and no one would have any money."
Gumball says: "Wait, so I have to work for the rest of my life to pay for stuff that I don't want, just so that everyone else can suffer the same horrible fate as me?"
Richard says: "Exactly."
The car drops to another expressway and continues on, a container truck horns and turns left, causing traffic accidents.
Gumball says: "You just live your life without thinking don't you?"
Richard says: "I believe you are underestimating me, son."
GPS says: "Turn right."
Richard turns right onto oncoming traffic, hits the guardrail and goes off the expressway. Richard stops the car in front of the school and one of the wheel rolls off.
GPS says: "You have reached your destination."
Darwin and Anais are both panting and Darwin wipes some of his color on the car's door onto himself.
Gumball says: "Come on, surely there's more to life than that."
Richard says: "Hmmmmm nope."
Gumball says: "Argh."
What's a TV?
The schoolyard. Several students are gathered around Gumball.
Gumball says: "I'm outta here, enjoy your pathetic lives working from 9:00 to 5:00, Hector, send me to freedom!"
Hector sends Gumball in the air by stepping on the seesaw. Nothing happens for a while until Gumball falls back and faceplants into the ground.
Gumball says: "That's it, laugh at me but at least I'm not a mindless zombie going through life doing what they tell me to."
Points at the sky.
Idaho says: "Who?"
Gumball says: "You know, them!"
Idaho says: "Who's them?"
Gumball says: "You know, the man."
Idaho says: "What man?"
Gumball says: "The man who tells you what to do!"
Idaho says: "Who?"
Idaho says: "My dad?"
Gumball says: "No—"
Gumball says: "ughh, the people who tell you what to watch on TV and stuff."
Idaho says: "What's..."
Idaho says: "a TV?"
Gumball says: "Its a—"
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
The Way to Ultimate Happiness.
Scene changes to the front of the Wattersons' house and nothing happens for a while until Richard, in the car, drops onto the road.
GPS says: "You have reached your destination."
Richard goes into the house with a box of chicken nuggets and french fries in one hand and a towel in another like a butler, walking to the dining table while Darwin is playing a video game.
Richard says: "Mmm, délicieux."
Idaho taps repeatedly on Richard's leg.
Idaho says: "What are le fries of the French?"
Richard says: "Are you a potato?"
Idaho says: "As sure as the world is flat!"
Richard turns around, camera changes to the front window where the box of chicken nuggets and french fries were thrown out, breaking the window.
Richard says: "Who's the bumpkin?"
Camera shows Nicole and Anais are seated down without chairs, floating, while Richard stands like a butler.
Nicole says: "This is Idaho, Gumball's friend from the country, he's gonna be staying with us this weekend."
Richard says: "Where's your chair?"
Nicole says: "Gumball threw it away, we are getting rid of our possessions to lead a simpler, better life."
Anais stops floating and drops onto the floor.
Richard says: "What's going on here?"
Gumball says: "It's Idaho, he's gonna show us the way."
Camera changes and shows Gumball preparing to pull the plug off the TV.
Richard says: "The way to what?"
Gumball says: "The way to ultimate happiness."
Richard says: "Is that a theme park?"
Gumball says: "No, it's a free world with no electricity, no cars, no supermarkets and especially no TV."
Gumball pulls the plug and the TV switches off then Mozart's Requiem Mass in D minor - Lacrimosa plays as Richard, Nicole and Anais sheds a tear but camera zooms out showing Darwin laughing and sad music stops.
Darwin says: "He's not joking, is he?"
The music continues and Darwin sheds a tear.
Activities.
The Wattersons and Idaho are in the backyard. The family looks angrily at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ahhh, isn't it better to simply communicate rather than being brainwashed by the TV?"
Darwin says: "Dude, no one said a word for half an hour!"
Richard says: "Nicole, punish Gumball for being boring!"
Nicole says: "I really want to, but I can't."
Nicole says: "Gumball is exploring his outlook on society and it is our job as parents to encourage that no matter how much we might think it's  COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS!"
Gumball says: "Heh heh, so what do you noble savages do to entertain your tribe?"
Idaho says: "We play rough and tumble."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Idaho says: "Come on, I will show you."
Idaho says: "Now the rules is there are no rules, you wrestle and make your friend tumble."
Darwin says: "Wait, so you can like punch and stuff?"
Idaho says: "Well heh heh, well you can try but I have to warn you, I have never been defeated in Elmore County, come on."
Darwin and Idaho prepares to wrestle each other.
Darwin says: "Ahhhhh!"
Idaho says: "AHHHHHHHHH!"
Richard starts laughing while the rest of the family looks angrily at Darwin.
Nicole says: "Darwin!"
Darwin says: "He said there were no rules!"
Nicole says: "You didn't have to kick him over a house!"
Darwin says: "I was defending myself!"
Anais says: "Against what?"
Anais says: "You're like 8 times his size!"
Darwin says: "I panicked, OK?"
Everybody looks angrily at Richard while he laughs and clap his hands.
Richard says: "Ha ha, do it again, do it again!"
Richard notices that everyone is glaring at him and stops laughing and clapping.
Idaho has a plaster on his head while the Wattersons look nervous.
Idaho says: "You know what we do when we need to cheer up, we sing songs!"
Idaho says: "Aberdeen, in the wind!"
Idaho says: "In the field, potato."
Idaho says: "Come on, altogether now."
The Wattersons awkwardly sing along.
All says: "Aberdeen, in the wind!"
All says: "In the field, potato."
Richard starts singing too loud and the rest of the Wattersons cover their ears.
Richard says: "Ahhhhhhhh!"
Richard says: "Ah!"
Anais says: "I hope the tooth fairy accepts change."
Richard says: "That's it, I've had it with your "alternative new age nonsense", it started boring and now it's painful, I'm going to the chicken place and get a family bucket of comfort food."
Gumball says: "Look, we are at such freedom and it comes with a price, it's tough but it's beautiful, it's rough but it's real, it's dangerous but it's..."
Gumball says: "it's—"
Anais says: "It's a backyard, there is nothing dangerous around here."
Anais says: "Wasp!"
The Wattersons start panicking and jumping around while Darwin keeps blowing the wasp to Nicole.
Nicole says: "Darwin, don't blow it at me, blow it away!"
Idaho says: "I have never seen this much dancing since they invented the mashed potato."
Gumball drops out from Nicole's skirt.
Gumball says: "Calm down guys, it's just a tiny insect, I will show you how to handle it."
Gumball says: "Owwww!"
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "Owwww!"
Gumball says: "That stung me like a million times!"
Gumball faints while the rest of the Wattersons continue panicking and the wasp flies away.
Idaho says: "Suck the poison out and you will be just fine."
Gumball wakes up.
Gumball says: "Ya, chill out people, it's only a wasp sting."
Gumball says: "Ahhh."
Anais says: "That's not how you deal with a wasp sting."
Gumball's lips swell up.
Gumball says: "I think I'm ready—"
Nicole says: "To go back inside?"
Gumball says: "No, to live in a forest."
Forage.
Scene changes to a big field and the camera is zoomed out far away from the Wattersons as they walk along a dirt path.
Gumball says: "Come on, to the forest of freedom, where we can pick ripe fruits off the laden trees and loot fresh fish from the teeming rivers, paying for nothing and living for freedom!"
Richard says: "Ok."
Richard says: "But where is it?"
Gumball says: "Wait, were you following me because—"
Gumball says: "agh, let's just forage around the neighborhood, it's as good as it sounds."
Meal.
Scene changes to a cardboard with a few insects and worms and a dead frog on it.
Gumball says: "Ugh, is this what you eat every day?"
Idaho says: "No, what I eat is healthier, it's the thing all food comes from and goes back too."
Darwin says: "Discount supermarkets?"
Idaho says: "Nope, soil."
Gumball says: "Ok..."
Scene changes to the x-ray of the organs in Gumball's body.
Tongue says: "Bah, this is disgusting, hey brain dude, can I spit?"
Brain says: "Sorry tough guy, just man up and swallow it."
Stomach says: "What, me and my boys are not digesting that."
Small Intestine says: "Who are you calling boy stomach man, I'm five times the length of this body."
Large Intestine says: "Pfft, forget it intestine, pfft I'm tired off you, pfft always pfft blowing pfft hot air."
Heart says: "Come on guys, can't we learn to love each other?"
All the organs starts arguing and the camera zooms out of Gumball's body.
Idaho says: "You are not supposed to eat the soil, you just rub it on youself to get the good things from."
Gumball spits the soil at Idaho.
Gumball says: "Oh thank goodness, I felt like my stomach was gonna punch my brain."
The Lifestyle.
Scene changes to night time where the Wattersons are laying on the grass and enjoying the night sky.
Anais says: "Ahh, how often do we get to sit back and gaze at the stars?"
Darwin says: "And it's actually pretty comfortable out here."
Richard says: "Speak for yourself, sleeping on the ground is more painful, like your back being shredded by a million dirty claws."
Darwin says: "I think you are sleeping on Gumball."
Richard rolls away, revealing Gumball underneath him while the rest of the Wattersons laugh.
Nicole says: "This new lifestyle might be a pain, but at least we finally get some time together as a family."
The Wattersons and Idaho hug each other.
Nicole says: "Thanks for showing us the way, Idaho."
All says: "Ahhhhh."
After some time, a strange light coming from the house wakes Idaho up while the rest of the Wattersons are sleeping in the backyard.
Idaho says: "Aaugh."
Idaho walks inside the house and loud music can be heard then Idaho gasps as he sees Gumball laughing maniacally and filling his mouth with whipped cream then eating some french fries then opens a soda bottle and pours soda all over himself while playing video games and listening to loud music, Idaho walks in the living room and Gumball stops laughing.
Idaho says: "Arrr—"
Gumball says: "Shhhhh, I know what this looks like but before you tell me how wrong it is, don't you wanna try it?"
Gumball gives a slice of pizza to Idaho which he eats. Camera rapidly shows a series of pictures of Gumball and Idaho partying.
The next morning, Gumball wakes up, his face wrinkled and dirty.
Gumball says: "Ughh, let's do it again."
Gumball taps on Idaho who appears white.
Gumball says: "Dude, wake up."
Gumball flips Idaho over with his foot and sees him pale and passed out from all that partying.
Saving Idaho.
The Wattersons are in their car, while Richard drives and Gumball holds Idaho in his arms. Darwin and Anais are glaring at Gumball.
Nicole says: "What did you do to him?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Nothing, we just ate junk food and played video games."
Anais says: "That's it, his pure country body couldn't handle the all filthy suburban lifestyle, it sent him into toxic shock!"
Darwin says: "Wait, what were you doing playing video games, leaving us outside all night, you..."
Darwin says: "you..."
Darwin says: "you..."
Gumball says: "Hypocrite?"
Gumball says: "I know, I'm sorry, I hated this whole lifestyle from the moment I turned off the TV."
Darwin says: "Then why did you force us to keep it up?"
Gumball says: "Because I got principles, just turns out I can't live by them."
Richard reaches the hospital and causes Gary to fall then Richard stops the car out of the scene.
Anais says: "Wait a minute, he's a vegetable, he doesn't need a doctor, he needs a gardener, take him back to his home!"
Richard reverses, causing Gary to fall again.
Idaho says: "I—"
Idaho says: "I—"
Idaho says: "I—"
Gumball says: "Shhhh, I love you too, my friend."
Idaho says: "I—"
Idaho says: "I live about an hour away."
Darwin says: "Awkward."
Gumball says: "Dad, hurry up!"
Richard says: "Ok, let's take a shortcut!"
GPS says: "In 20 yards, turn left."
Richard immediately turns left, scene changes to the gas station where Sal Left Thumb tries to steals from Larry again.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Give me all your money and don't try and call for help."
Richard rams through the entrance and runs over Sal Left Thumb.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Call for help!"
GPS says: "Continue straight."
Richard rams through the gas station wall and rams into the parking lot on the mall.
GPS says: "Turn left."
Richard turns left and goes up the ramp.
GPS says: "Turn left."
Richard turns left and goes up the ramp again, then camera changes back into the car.
Gumball says: "I'm so sorry buddy, this is all my fault."
Idaho says: "Agh, it's OK."
Anais says: "Hey, looks like he's getting better!"
Richard drives up a ramp too fast causing the car to jump and making Idaho hit the car's roof then Gumball gasps.
Idaho says: "Aghh."
Gumball says: "Dad, faster!"
GPS says: "Turn left."
Richard turns left and goes up another ramp.
GPS says: "Turn left."
Richard turns left and goes up another ramp again.
GPS says: "Turn right."
Richard rams out of the parking lot and into a nearby building, scene changes to a lift where the car in inside while John is standing outside.
Richard says: "Going up?"
John says: "I will take the next one."
Lift's door closes and goes up, scene changes to a random floor where Charlie, the Newspaper Employee and Lenny are waiting for the lift then lift's door opens and Richard drives out causing them to fall.
Charlie says: "Ahhh!"
Newspaper Employee says: "Ahhh!"
Lenny says: "Ahhh!"
Richard drives out of Chanax Inc and falls into the Fitzgeralds' pool and causing office equipment to land in it too. The scene then changes to the inside of the car in the sewers.
Gumball says: "What kind of shortcut is this?"
Gumball says: "We're running out of time!"
Camera zooms out and shows the car looping around in the sewers.
Nicole says: "Don't worry honey, your father knows exactly what he's doing!"
Scene changes to the Stomach Destroyer as Richard uses the car to ride on it.
Gumball says: "No, he doesn't!"
Scene changes to a ice rink which the car slides on while a skater continues skating and the judges gives scores.
Gumball says: "Aghhh this satnav is broken, we've been everywhere apart from where we need to be!"
Scene changes to the sea where Richard drives through it.
Richard says: "What are you talking about?"
Scene changes to a farmland and the car spills out water.
Richard says: "We made it here in under three minutes."
Gumball carries Idaho to his family who are working on the field.
Gumball says: "Are you Idaho's family?"
Gumball says: "Please, you have to help him."
Idaho's uncle takes Idaho then the whole family looks sad while Idaho's father buries Idaho.
Gumball says: "We were too late."
Idaho's uncle finish burying Idaho then Gumball drops to the ground and starts crying and singing.
Gumball says: "Aberdeen, in the wind, in the field, potato."
The rest of the Wattersons follow along and start crying too.
Gumball says: "Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, ohhhhh."
Darwin says: "Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, ohhhhh."
Anais says: "Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, ohhhhh."
Nicole says: "Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, ohhhhh."
Richard says: "Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, ohhhhh."
Everybody looks down and suddenly Idaho comes out, completely refreshed.
Idaho says: "Whooooooooo!"
Gumball says: "Idaho!"
Darwin says: "Idaho!"
Anais says: "Idaho!"
Nicole says: "Idaho!"
Richard says: "Idaho!"
Idaho hugs Gumball and goes back to his family.
Gumball says: "But how?"
Idaho says: "There's nothing a good old-fashioned dirt bath can't fix; I still don't know how you all can survive the life y'all city folks live."
Nicole says: "I know, we're disgusting."
Idaho's uncle says: "Oh well, that's potato's duty that help his neighbors, so why don't you stay here with us, do hard work in the fields and—"
The Wattersons drive off and scene changes to Joyful Burger where the car falls down again with Richard driving.
GPS says: "You have reached your destination."
Richard smiles and episode ends.