What's Our Dad Good At...?
Elmore Junior High playground. Teri, Masami, Banana Joe, Hector, Gumball, and Darwin are eating their lunch.
Darwin says: "What happened to you?"
Darwin says: "You look like a Florida grandma."
Masami says: "This, my ignorant friend, is a suntan."
Masami says: "My dad just took me skiing."
Masami says: "You've probably never heard of it."
Masami says: "It's what rich people do."
Banana Joe says: "My dad is rich -- in vitamin B-six and potassium."
Banana Joe says: "He's also a good source of fiber."
Teri says: "Well, my dad can beat rock."
Hector says: "Well, that's nothin'."
Hector says: "My dad's so big that three mountain climbers got lost in his belly button."
Richard pulls up in his car and comes out with a paper bag. He listens closely to the conversation.
Masami says: "What's your dad good at?"
Gumball says: "Hm..."
Gumball says: "what's our dad good at?"
Gumball says: "He's good at being nice."
Masami says: "No."
Masami says: "More like a skill."
Darwin says: "Is sweating without moving a skill?"
The kids laugh.
Gumball says: "How about..."
Gumball says: "putting on weight?"
Gumball says: "He's awesome at that."
The kids laugh again.
Darwin says: "He must be good at something."
Gumball says: "I guess he's only good at being embarrassing."
They laugh.
Gumball says: "Yeah, uh..."
Gumball says: "like that time at the mall."
Flashback. Elmore Mall. Several citizens are dancing to hip-hop music. Richard storms into the scene and starts dancing.
Richard says: "Ohh!"
Richard says: "Oh-oh-uh-ohh-ohh!"
Richard says: "Ohh!"
Richard says: "Oh-oh!"
Richard says: "Uh-ohh-ohh!"
Bystanders, including Gumball and Darwin, look on with chagrin.
Billy says: "Mother, I feel so sorry for this man's children."
Felicity says: "Oh, don't worry, honey."
Felicity says: "It's very unlikely anyone like that would have children."
End of flashback. Gumball and Darwin laugh.
Darwin says: "Yeah, or the time he came to school to talk about his job."
Flashback to Ms. Simian's classroom. Principal Brown is sitting behind the desk, cringing as Richard is dancing the same way as he was at the mall.
Richard says: "Ohh!"
Richard says: "Oh-oh!"
Richard says: "Uh-ohh-ohh!"
End of flashback.
Gumball says: "And you'd expect someone who eats that much would be way better at cooking."
Darwin says: "Yeah, I chipped a tooth on one of his cupcakes."
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "What's he doing, using cement instead of flour?"
They laugh. Richard appears very hurt. Two cupcakes fall out of the paper bag, crashing into the asphalt with a thud. He retreats into his car, crying.
Raw Dinner.
The Wattersons' house, dining room. Gumball and Darwin take their seats. Anais is on the opposite side of the table with a plate of cupcakes.
Gumball says: "Hey, Mom."
Gumball says: "What's for dinner?"
Nicole furiously slams an unopened package of raw chicken legs onto the table in front of him and storms off.
Nicole says: "Chicken and fries!"
Gumball says: "Hm..."
Gumball says: "does this look a little underdone to you?"
Darwin says: "I think there's something wrong with my fries, too."
Gumball says: "Can we just skip to dessert?"
A cupcake is tossed at Gumball and Darwin. Gumball screams as they dodge. A plate is smashed by the cupcake.
Gumball says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "You know very well what's wrong!"
She tosses another cupcake at them, and they dodge again.
Gumball says: "What's going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Why is dinner raw?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "You know very well why dinner is raw!"
Gumball says: "I'm just gonna try something."
Gumball says: "We're both very sorry for what we've done."
Nicole says: "So you do know what you've done!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Then how can you apologize for something you don't even know about?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Anais says: "Look, Dad overheard what you said in the playground."
Gumball says: "Ohhh!"
Gumball says: "That!"
Nicole says: "And he's been hiding in the shed ever since!"
Gumball says: "Well, at least he can't embarrass us in there."
Darwin says: "Incoming!"
Another cupcake flies at them, and once again they dodge.
Gumball says: "Look, I'd happily apologize to Dad..."
Gumball says: "if what we said wasn't the truth!"
Nicole says: "Right, that's it!"
Nicole says: "You clearly don't appreciate your parents, so until you apologize to your father, we won't be doing anything else for you!"
Nicole says: "Let's see how long you last!"
Gumball says: "Challenge accepted!"
He grabs the the raw potato and eats half of it. Nicole and Anais are surprised.
Nicole says: "I paid for that potato!"
Gumball says: "I wasn't hungry anyway."
No Shower.
The next morning. Gumball and Darwin are standing in front of the closed bathroom door. Gumball is wearing nothing but briefs, and has a towel on his arm. Likewise, Darwin is wearing a towel. Gumball is pounding on the door.
Gumball says: "Anais!"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "You've been in there forever!"
Anais peeks from behind the door.
Anais says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Anais says: "But as Mom pays the water bill and you two are insensitive brats, I think you'll need to shower somewhere else."
Gumball says: "As Mom pays the water bill, I think you should shower somewhere else."
Anais says: "You can say what you like, but you're not going to annoy me!"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "My..."
Gumball says: "nose!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "My dose!"
Gumball says: "Who's the loser now?"
Gumball says: "We got soap."
Gumball says: "All we need is water."
Outside the Watterson house. The boys are on the street, in front of a puddle. They are lathering up with soap.
Darwin says: "Dude, I think I'm starting to regret this challenge."
Gumball says: "It's coming!"
Rotten Meal.
The dining room. Gumball and Darwin rush to the table with bags full of groceries.
Gumball says: "I can't believe we got all this stuff for a dollar!"
Gumball says: "Thank you, clearance aisle."
They dump the groceries onto the table.
Darwin says: "Well, you heard what Larry said."
Darwin says: "We got to eat this stuff before it goes past its expiration date."
Gumball says: "Oh, young Darwin, you're so gullible."
Gumball says: "Food doesn't have a sell-by date."
Gumball says: "That's what the corporations want you to think so you buy more oil and believe in moon landings, like the sheep you are."
Gumball says: "Take this banana."
Gumball says: "According to your "sell-by date," it should go bad today, but as you can see, it's absolutely fine."
Gumball says: "Dude, we need to eat this food real quick."
Gumball says: "Aaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaah!"
Darwin runs to the kitchen with an egg carton. He cracks one egg onto the pan. A live chick flies out of it. Darwin screams and drops the carton, cracking the rest of the eggs, and more chicks appear.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Gumball dumps a bag of sunflower seeds onto his palm. The sunflowers grow from the seeds, then wilt.
Gumball says: "Daaah!"
Darwin returns to the dining room. He opens a package of meat. It quickly rots. Maggots suddenly appear and rapidly eat all of the meat. Swarms of flies emerge and eat most of the spoiled groceries in seconds.
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Only a unlabeled tin can is left standing on the table.
Gumball says: "Well, this is all we have left."
Gumball says: "Things don't go off in cans, right?"
Darwin says: "What do you think is in it?"
Gumball says: "Please..."
Gumball says: "let it be peaches in syrup."
Darwin says: "I hope it's hot dogs."
Gumball says: "As long as it's edible, I don't care."
Gumball says: "Aw, poor little thing."
The rat comes to life and hisses at the boys.
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Get it!"
The rat flees before Darwin bashes the plate to pieces with a frying pan.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Ready to Apologize.
Gumball and Darwin are on the school bus. They're filthy, starving, obviously smelly, and surrounded by flies.
Darwin says: "So, you ready to apologize now?"
Gumball says: "Nope."
Rocky says: "Uh, boys?"
Rocky says: "I'm gonna have to ask you to get off the bus."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Rocky says: "'Cause the suspension can't take it anymore."
The rest of the students are at the rear of the bus, away from Gumball and Darwin. It itself is tipping over. The boys jump onto the street.
Gumball says: "Okay, I guess I'm ready now."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe we're apologizing."
Darwin says: "I don't care."
Darwin says: "I'm not eating canned rats again."
My Little Ones.
The Watterson's backyard. Gumball and Darwin approach the shed, and peer inside. Richard is seated, hammering nails into a board on his lap. He sighs and gets up, wobbling slowly.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, I know I said I would..."
Darwin peers into the shed again. Richard picks up a framed photo. It's his younger self holding baby Gumball. He begins singing as the camera pans over a collage of photos containing younger Gumball, Darwin, and Richard in happier times, as well as drawings from the boys to Richard.
Richard says: "I remember when you were still little, my little ones."
I was the giant who picked you up when you fell down.
And life was just one funny riddle, my little ones.
We laughed every day as the world went around.
I was the hero who taught you how to talk.
I was the hero who taught you how to walk.
And now you're no longer so little, my little ones.
You see so much more than I ever will see.
And though I'm just Dad and not a hero, my little ones.
Being just Dad's good enough for me.
It's now raining outside the shed. Darwin's very touched by Richard's song.
Darwin says: "I understand everything now."
Darwin says: "No, I don't."
Darwin says: "Yes, I do!"
Darwin says: "No, I don't."
Darwin says: "What'd he say, again?"
Darwin says: "Little one, I was the hero who taught you to walk, I was the hero who taught you to talk--  Hero!"
Darwin says: "That's it!"
Darwin says: "I need to make him feel like a hero again!"
A Leap of Faith.
The junkyard. It's raining heavily, and Gumball and Darwin are inside a rusty car body.
Gumball says: "Okay, so, where's the surprise?"
Darwin says: "He should be here any minute."
Gumball says: ""He?"
Gumball says: "" I thought there was gonna be a cake or something."
Darwin says: "The surprise is gonna be better than a cake."
Darwin says: "I'm giving you..."
Darwin says: "reconciliation with your father."
Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Gumball says: "I should've known it was something lame like that."
Gumball says: "Nobody invites people to eat cake in a junkyard."
Gumball says: "Go on, tell me your plan, then."
Darwin says: "It's simple."
Darwin says: "We get picked up by that magnet and get dropped into that crusher."
Gumball does a double take as thunder crashes.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Are you insane?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "And I've called Dad to come and rescue us."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Are you insane?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "I can stop it at any time with this remote."
Gumball says: "Ohh!"
Gumball says: "I thought you were relying on Dad there for a minute."
Gumball says: "All right."
Gumball says: "Let's get started."
Darwin clicks the remote, activating the magnet crane. It lifts the car body up, and the powerful magnet draws the remote out of Darwin's fins, sticking to the roof. Gumball and Darwin attempt to pry it off the car's roof, but the magnet is too strong.
Gumball says: "Oh, great job!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna do now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "It's okay!"
Darwin says: "There's Dad now!"
Darwin says: "He can stop it from that control box!"
The Watterson car plows through the wire fence and crashes into the station.
Richard says: "I'm coming to save you!"
Richard drives into the control box, moving the crane.
Gumball says: "Here we go."
Gumball says: "We're doomed."
Darwin says: "Don't worry!"
Darwin says: "Have some faith in him!"
Richard says: "Boys!"
Richard says: "Where are you?"
Darwin says: "Up here!"
Richard says: "How am I supposed to get up there?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, I don't know."
Gumball says: "How 'bout you get us down using that ladder right there?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh, yeah."
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Wow."
Gumball says: "Really thought that one through, didn't ya?"
Richard says: "Ohh!"
Darwin says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Don't you know people have feelings?"
Darwin says: "He's trying to help us!"
Gumball says: "Well, great job he's doing so far."
Darwin says: "You are so insensitive!"
Darwin says: "Would it really hurt you to encourage him once in a while?"
Gumball says: "You can encourage a clam to read all you want, but that's not going to get it into college."
Gumball says: "People have limits, and Dad reached his own a long time ago."
Richard says: "Don't worry, kids!"
Richard says: "I have an idea!"
He pulls the switch at the control panel and the magnet powers down. The car body begins to plummet to the ground.
Gumball says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
He pushes the switch back in on position, powering the magnet up. It immediately pulls the car body up.
Gumball says: "Oww!"
Darwin says: "Oww!"
Richard says: "I'm sorry!"
Richard says: "Aah!"
The crane's magnet powers up even more, attracting more metal objects, forming a large pile of objects.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "That's what I meant to do!"
Darwin says: "Great job, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Thank you!"
Darwin gasps. A portion of the cabinet opens with notes falling.  Richard whimpers.
Gumball says: "Yeah, great job."
Gumball says: "Do you want us to save you before you save us?"
Richard begins climbing the scrap metal chain toward the boys. A lawn mower turns on, shredding Richard's clothes.
Richard says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Saving us in style, huh?"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
The steel cable attached to the magnet begins to fray. Richard falls off the scrap metal chain.
Richard says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "No!!"
Darwin says: "No!!"
Gumball says: "Oh, you're here."
Gumball says: "So, what's your plan to get us down, huh?"
Richard says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Typical."
The cable frays more, threatening to drop the car body and its occupants. Only a single thread is left. Gumball sighs, then the cable finally gives way. They all fall, screaming. Richard is the first to land, next to an old mattress.
Richard says: "Ow!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Darwin lands in his arms.
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Richard says: "Ugh!"
Richard says: "Wait a minute."
Richard says: "Where's Gumball?"
Gumball says: "He-e-e-lp!"
Richard says: "Son!"
Richard says: "You can do it!"
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "I can't do this!"
Richard says: "Gumball, you have to get up!"
Gumball says: "I-I--I-I can't!"
Richard says: "Come on, son!"
Richard says: "You can do it!"
A brief flashback to baby Gumball, then back to present day Gumball.
Gumball says: "I'm coming, Dad!"
Gumball says: "Don't let me down!"
Richard says: "I won't!"
Richard says: "Jump!"
Gumball inches forward, then finally jumps toward Richard as the ladder falls away, in slow motion. Darwin passes out. Richard catches his son into his chest, and they hug tightly as they begin crying.
Gumball says: "Please stop crying, Dad."
Gumball says: "You'll always be my hero."
Richard says: "It's not that."
Richard says: "It's just you're digging your claws into my nipples!"
Darwin recovers then sobs.
Richard says: "Why are you crying, buddy?"
Darwin says: "Because I love hugs!"
Richard says: "Come here!"
Darwin joins their group hug as they cry. Eventually, the rain stops.
Our Hero.
Inside the Watterson shed. Richard is hammering the newest drawing onto the wall. It contains crude portraits of him with Gumball and Darwin. Above the figures are the words "Our Hero." Nicole is at the shed door.
Nicole says: "Aw."
Nicole says: "I'm glad you guys made up."
Nicole says: "Come on."
Nicole says: "Dinner's ready."
Richard starts to follow her, but discovers he's accidentally nailed his sleeve to the wall. He frowns as the screen fades to black. The episode ends.