A Shocking Revelation.
Nicole is passed out on the ground, and appears to be having a nightmare.
Anais says: "Mom!"
Anais says: "Wake up!"
Nicole says: "Ah!"
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Mom?"
Gumball says: "Are you okay?"
Nicole says: "Oh, I had the weirdest dream, I was on the front lawn, and your father had a job as a pizza delivery guy!"
Richard says: "Ha!"
Richard says: "That wasn't a dream, that's what I just told you!"
Richard says: "And you fainted!"
Richard says: "Ha ha ha!"
Nicole says: "Eh."
Nicole says: "Uh, I guess I was just overcome by a strange new feeling!"
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Nicole says: "I think I'm pruhhh—"
Nicole says: "I think I'm puhrulll—"
Nicole says: "I think I'm prood of you, Richard!"
Anais says: "You mean "proud"?"
Nicole says: "Yes, I think so."
Nicole says: "It's just, I'm not used to saying that word much, particularly to describe your father."
Nicole says: "Uh, uh, I think I need to go lie down."
Nicole says: "Something about this is not right."
Nicole says: "Please follow him to make sure nothing goes wrong!"
Gumball and Darwin nod.
Gumball says: "I gotta say, Dad, I never thought you were gonna get a job!"
Richard says: "Neither did I!"
Richard says: "I found a number for Fervidus Pizza Delivery, but I didn't realize it was a job application."
Richard says: "Should've known it was strange they wanted my Social Security number, but look at me now!"
Richard says: "I am an Italian Food Distribution Engineer!"
Richard says: "Your mother is prood of me, and best of all, I can eat as much pizza as I like!"
Gumball says: "THEY GIVE YOU FREE PIZZA?"
Darwin says: "THEY GIVE YOU FREE PIZZA?"
Richard says: "Technically, no."
Richard says: "But what I do is..."
Scene cuts to the cube showing how Richard gets his "free pizza".
Voice says: "Step one: Remove a slice from the center of the pizza."
Voice says: "Step two: Eat the pizza slice."
Voice says: "Step three: Push the remaining halves of the pizza back together, and cover your tracks."
Voice says: "Step four: Put the pizza in its box."
Voice says: "Step five: Enjoy how clever you are."
Voice says: "Step six: Repeat."
Richard says: "Gawwh..."
Richard says: "Well, these pizzas aren't gonna deliver themselves!"
Richard says: "Whoa whoa whoa!"
Richard says: "whoa!"
Richard says: "Ha ha ha, GAAAH!"
Gumball says: "He's not gonna keep this job for long unless we give him a hand."
Darwin shakes his head.
Whispers of Doom.
Nicole and Anais are sitting on the couch, with Nicole being wrapped around a blanket.
Nicole says: "Your father has a job..."
Nicole says: "Your father has a job."
Nicole says: "SOMETHING'S GOING TO GO TERRIBLY WRONG, ISN'T IT?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Anais says: "No, this is a good thing!"
Anais says: "We can finally buy all the things we need!"
Nicole says: "What do you mean?"
Nicole says: "We've got everything we need."
Anais says: "Mom..."
Anais says: "and I think it's time Darwin wore some pants."
Nicole says: "Huh..."
Nicole says: "Wait a minute, show me that."
Nicole says: "I've got a bad feeling about this."
Anais says: "Mom, please."
Anais says: "It's just delivering pizzas!"
Anais says: "How wrong can it go?"
Ominous Voices says: "Very wrong..."
A Very Special Delivery.
Gumball says: "Okay, four-thirty-eight Elm Street."
Gumball says: "That's the place."
Gumball rings the doorbell, Quattro opens the door.
Quattro says: "Siciliana, come see what the stork brought us!"
Rushing footsteps, Siciliana appears at the door.
Siciliana says: "Oh look, he's got his father's eyes!"
Siciliana says: "Oh he's beautiful."
Quattro says: "Thank you so much."
Quattro says: "Here's a twenty."
Gumball uses the hand holding the pizza box to take the money, causing the pizza to fall. The pizza slowly slides down the porch stairs, leaving a trail of blood red pizza sauce. The Pepperonis stare, frozen in horror. Gumball slowly puts down the now empty pizza box, casually handing them a different one, which Siciliana accepts, still gaping at the previous spectacle. Gumball and Darwin inch down the stairs, then dash off, but not before stepping on the dropped pizza.
Richard on the Job.
Earnin' plenty o' dough for my family.
Yeah, I'm Richard Watterson, employee.
So have some R-E-S-P-C-K-E-T.
I got a pizza in the box.
I got a cola in the bottle.
And I'll get it to ya' faster when I'm pullin' on the throttl-AHHHH!
Made with All-Natural Ingredients.
Darwin says: "Oh man, we gave them the vegetarian!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Are you sure this is going to work?"
Darwin says: "Because right now—"
Darwin says: "—"
Darwin says: "it kinda looks like a load of grass and dirt..."
Gumball says: "Ehhh, it just needs some mozzarella."
Spots a piece of old, chewed gum on the floor and picks it up, spreading it around their improvised vegan pizza appetizingly.
Gumball says: "There!"
The door opens, revealing Mr. Small.
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Ohhh, finally!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "I've been on this Tibetan diet where you're supposed to eat nothing but sunlight, but it's been really cloudy!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "I think I need to eat something that actually exists!!"
Mr. Small digs into the "pizza", shoveling lump after lump of it in his mouth. After a few seconds, he stops, realizing what he just ate. His eye twitches.
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "At least it was organic..."
Mr. Small faints, his body sprawling out over his porch. Darwin pokes him with his shoe.
Darwin says: "DUDE!"
Darwin says: "I think he stopped breathing!"
Mr. Small blows a bubblegum bubble out of his mouth, signalling that he is, indeed, breathing. It inflates to a decent size, then pops. Darwin sighs in relief.
Darwin says: "That'll be twenty dollars."
A Healthy Dose of Unreality.
At the Watterson house, Nicole is in the kitchen, getting a mug full of water from the sink. Richard passes by the house. With some ominous singing and his reality-distorting effect still kicking, he causes the water to defy gravity and flow up into the ceiling. Nicole panics and shuts the water off. Anais casually strolls in.
Anais says: "See what?"
Nicole turns the faucet on again, but since Richard is long gone, it flows normally.
Anais says: "Yeah, I know, running water!"
Anais says: "Wasn't like that in your day, huh?"
Anais says: "You know..."
Anais says: "when the world was in black and white, and you could leave your front door open, and everyone cycled to school in a bike with one big wheel at the front..."
Nicole says: "I don't claim to understand it, Anais, but something is going wrong."
Nicole says: "Seriously wrong."
Nicole says: "And I think it has to do with your father."
Anais says: "I think we're going to stop with the coffee..."
Nicole says: "DON'T TALK TO ME LIKE I'M HYSTERICAL!"
A Creepy Bunch of Bananas.
Gumball rings the doorbell to The Banana estate. Banana Bob appears.
Banana Bob​​​​​​ says: "Ah, pizza!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
His wife and son come to join him.
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball and Darwin look on awkwardly. Richard passes by and once again distorts reality, this time putting the Banana family in an infinite loop while glitching.
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "um, so..."
Gumball says: "guess what's in the box?"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "Correct!"
Gumball says: "And for ten points, what's round, from Italy, and sometimes has olives on it?"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "Right again!"
Gumball says: "And, for double or nothing: what is the name of the tower that leans to one side?"
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "Eh, it's "Pisa", but I'll give you that one."
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "O-okay, okay, game's over, guys."
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "Riiight."
Darwin says: "Riiight."
Gumball says: "I'm just going to put the box down here."
Gumball says: "O-okay, bye now..."
Darwin says: "Well, somebody likes pizza..."
Gumball peeks through their mail slot. He sees the family still chanting "Pizza" repeatedly, but in slow motion.
Banana Bob​ says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Barbara says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Gumball says: "That's one creepy bunch of bananas, man."
Media Blitz.
Nicole is still worried about the state of the world. She shivers on the couch as Anais comforts her.
Anais says: "Mom, when you say "Dad having a job has upset the fundamental balance of the universe", are you sure you don't just mean he's changed the balance of power in the house, and that upsets you because you're a little bit of a control freak?"
Nicole says: "No..."
Nicole says: "well, maybe uh, I don't know anymore!"
Gumball and Darwin casually walk in.
Nicole says: "Boys!"
Nicole says: "What's going on with your father?"
Nicole says: "Has something terrible happened?"
Gumball says: "Um, he dropped a few pizzas so..."
Gumball says: "we delivered 'em."
Gumball says: "That's about it."
Nicole says: "Maybe I should just try to forget about this..."
Nicole turns on the TV. A breaking news report is on, alerting the citizens of Elmore of the strange things happening around the town.
News Reporter says: "Reports of strange occurences all around Elmore!"
News Reporter says: "At Food 'n' Stuff, it's been nighttime all day!"
Pantsbully says: "It's supposed to be noon!"
News Reporter says: "Meanwhile, residents were confused by unseasonal snow!"
Alison says: "It's supposed to be June!"
News Reporter says: "And one senior citizen seems to have inverted gravity!"
Marvin says: "I'm supposed to be on the ground!"
Nicole shuts off the TV, angry. She realizes the only rational explanation for this is Richard getting a job.
Nicole says: "SEE?"
Nicole says: "I told you!"
Nicole says: "This is all because of your father!"
Nicole says: "Some things are not meant to be!"
Nicole says: "Dogs shouldn't get on with cats, men shouldn't have ponytails, and your father is not meant to have a job!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "We have to stop him."
The Eleventh Hour.
Nicole, the kids, and a kidnapped Larry rush to fire Richard in their car.
Larry says: "Look, I'm sorry, but tearing apart the fabric of the universe is not a dismissible offence!"
Larry says: "Now please let me go!"
Nicole says: "Don't you understand?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "You need to fire him!"
Larry says: "But he's doing okay!"
Nicole says: "What if he delivers a pizza late?"
Larry says: "Uh, well, yeah I guess I could fire him for that..."
Nicole says: "Then he's not gonna deliver this one."
In Utter Madness.
You get them double-quickly when I'm twisting the accelerator!
Twisting the accelerator!
Twisting the accelerator!
With every "twist of the accelerator", energy shoots out the engine of the scooter, shaking the existence of everything it makes contact with, like turning the sun into a moon, and erasing the force of gravity from anything the shock wave hits, Mr. Robinson ends up flying in the sky and falling down on earth. Larry, Nicole, and the kids search for him in the wreckage, gaping in a mixture of awe and horror at the effects of Richard having a job. Ominous voices start singing monotonously as they drive on through this distorted version of their neighborhood; Banana Joe appears floating on-screen.
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza!"
Banana Joe says: "Pizza, pizza, pizza..."
Darwin says: "We must be getting close."
Richard drives by on the opposite road.
Darwin says: "That was him!"
Nicole backs up and turns the car, following Richard closely.
Their car is now right behind Richard's moped. As they try to get closer, Richard twists the accelerator again, sending out another wave of distortion energy.
Anais says: "The closer we get to dad, the more warped the universe becomes!"
Anais says: "We've gotta be careful!"
Nicole says: "Then you better hold on tight..."
Nicole boldly approaches Richard's moped again. This time, the wave of energy switches their heads around. Nicole has Larry's head, Gumball has Anais', Darwin has Nicole's, Larry has Darwin's, and Anais has Gumball's.
Gumball says: "What's happened?"
Gumball says: "I feel really smart!"
Anais says: "I don't..."
Another wave hits them, swapping their positions in the car. Gumball is in the driver's seat but, being twelve years old, has no idea how to drive.
Gumball says: "AAAAHHHHH!"
Nicole says: "DON'T FORGET TO CHECK YOUR MIRRORS!"
The car veers uncontrollably, nearly flipping over when another wave hits them. The wave puts them back in their normal places. Everyone in the car breathes a sigh of relief.
Nicole says: "This is not so bad..."
Several waves start bombarding the car, each one altering the family's animation style. They scream throughout the entire process. Suddenly, they all change back to normal, except they are outside the car. They breathe a sigh of relief.
Nicole says: "I think the worst is ov—"
Upon noticing a car heading straight for them and that they are not even in their own car, Nicole and her passengers scream as she veers out of the way. They get bombarded by more distortions, the first one putting them back in the car but the subsequent ones changing the color of their bodies.
Nicole says: "I CAN'T..."
Nicole says: "TAKE IT..."
Nicole says: "ANY..."
The family turns into the real-life versions of themselves.
Nicole says: "Meow."
After getting hit by another wave, they turn back to normal.
Nicole says: "Where's he delivering this pizza?"
Larry says: "Ah, thirty-fourth street!"
Nicole says: "I know a shortcut!"
Nicole says: "We'll be there in no—"
Gets cut off by another wave, this one sending them back in time to when they started the chase.
Larry says: "Look, I'm sorry, but tearing apart the fabric of the universe is not a dismissible offence!"
Larry says: "Now please let me go!"
Gumball says: "What th—"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Oh, man, we went back in time!"
Anais says: "We'll never catch up with him!"
Nicole says: "We'll see about that!"
Nicole slams on the gas, dodging floating cars in the way. They eventually reach a clear strip of road, on which they get put on an infinite loop. After the third attempt to cross, she stops and exits off a side road.
Nicole says: "We'll go this way..."
Nicole says: "What's the house number?"
Larry says: "Uh, I don't know!"
Nicole says: "Well, make an effort!"
Nicole says: "This street is two miles long!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I think I know which house it is."
The rest of the family slowly turn and gaze upon a brilliant beam of light shining down on a house in front of Richard. Richard gets off his moped and begins walking to the door to deliver the pizza and end the world. Nicole pulls up behind his parked bike.
Darwin says: "There he is!"
Richard starts walking up the porch stairs. With every step, he sends out another distorting wave of energy. He steps.
Nicole says: "BRACE YOURSELVES!"
The first wave of energy turns the clouds to stone, causing them to fall.
Nicole says: "RUUUUUUUN!"
Nicole and the kids escape from the car just as the clouds crush it. Richard continues walking up the steps, this time the waves he emits again change the animation styles of the characters. Nicole and the kids drag Larry, trying to convince him to fire Richard.
Nicole says: "FOR HEAVENS' SAKE LARRY, FIRE HIM!"
Larry says: "But he hasn't done anything wrong!"
Nicole says: "He's destroying the universe—"
Nicole loses her outline, causing her to melt down into a puddle of blue ink.
Gumball says: "MOM!"
Darwin says: "MOM!"
Anais says: "MOM!"
Nicole says: "I'm all right!"
Nicole says: "I guess..."
Nicole says: "Now go and stop your father!"
The kids continue dragging Larry to fire Richard.
Anais says: "Gumball, look!"
Richard moves his pointed finger towards the doorbell. The kids scream at him to stop, all while sporadically changing shape and form.
Gumball says: "DAD!"
Darwin says: "DAD!"
Anais says: "DAD!"
Gumball says: "DON'T DELIVER THE PIZZA!"
Darwin says: "DON'T DELIVER THE PIZZA!"
Anais says: "DON'T DELIVER THE PIZZA!"
Richard succeeds in ringing the doorbell. The customer opens the door.
Gumball says: "NOOOOOO!"
Darwin says: "NOOOOOO!"
Anais says: "NOOOOOO!"
Right before the customer accepts the pizza, he notices that a large portion of it is missing.
Paperball says: "Oh, hey!"
Larry rushes to see what the problem with the pizza is. He is not happy with what he sees.
Larry says: "HAVE YOU BEEN EATING THIS PIZZA?!"
Larry says: "!"
Richard Nervously Just a little bit from the middle.
Larry says: "I fire thee!"
Richard says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Back to Normal.
Richard being employed no longer, the world returns to normal. A rainbow shoots out across the skies of Elmore, signifying that everything is at peace. Larry angrily drives away in the delivery moped, shooting a look of contempt back at Richard.
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "I'm sorry I lost my job, Nicole."
Richard says: "I know you were really prood of me."
Nicole says: "It's all right, honey."
The family gathers around Richard to hug him as comfort for his termination.
Richard says: "But don't worry!"
Richard says: "I'll get another one!"
The dramatic music plays again, the camera zooms out, Nicole, Gumball, Darwin, and Anais look at the camera in shock, and lightning ominously strikes Richard's finger during clear weather. His eyes also turn red, just like in the photo. The episode ends.