Three Cents on the Dollar.
The episode starts at the Rainbow Factory, where Nicole is answering calls in her office cubicle.
Nicole says: "Elmore Rainbow Factory?"
Karen says: "Uh, Nicole, do you have a moment?"
Nicole says: "When has anybody on two phones at once ever had a moment?"
Nicole says: "Sorry, how can I help you?"
Karen says: "It's just that Mr."
Karen says: "Yoshida needs to see you in his office immediately."
Scared, Nicole drops all of the phones and cautiously approaches Mr. Yoshida's office. She breathes heavily and walks in, kicking the door down moments later and starting to rap about being the new employee of the month across the factory and back to the house.
Nicole says: "I'm employee of the month."
That's a fact, fools!
Made money and adhered to my job's rules.
Climbed the ladder, did my work, and kept my desk neat.
Haters choking on my well-planned spreadsheets.
No vacations and I never took a sick day.
If you blink, you'll miss what goes into my in tray.
Took the health and safety training, didn't have to.
Lift the box with my back straight, like you're supposed to!
I put Jim from account in the corner like a baby,.
Carol from HR straight trippin', she can take me,.
Employee of the month, so check my white collar,.
Got a pay rise, fool.
Three cents on the dollar!
Nicole ends up at the Wattersons' house; Richard and the children are sitting on the couch.
Anais says: "That's great, Mom, but what does it mean?"
Nicole says: "It means they really appreciate all my hard work."
Richard says: "Well, I could do a rap about my day, too."
Gumball says: "Yeah, Dad, that was the rap equivalent of British dental work."
Gumball says: "So Mom, what we talkin' in terms in green?"
Nicole says: "It comes with an extra ten dollars a month."
Nicole says: "It means we no longer have to shop at the thrift store, and we can pay off our credit card bills by February."
Richard says: "This February?"
Nicole says: "Nope."
Nicole says: "A February."
Nicole says: "Plus,  I get this cool framed photo."
Anais says: "That says "Nicole Wertterson."
Nicole says: "Okay, it's a typo, but you get the idea."
Nicole says: "Maybe we should put it  here, so everyone can see it!"
Richard says: "I don't see any photos with my name on them."
Anais says: "Sure there is."
Anais says: "There's one right over there."
An ElmoreTimes newspaper is displayed on the wall.
Gumball says: ""Local loser ruins baby shower."
Gumball says: "" Why did you frame that?"
Darwin says: "Oh cool!"
Darwin says: "Are we having pizza to celebrate?"
Nicole says: "Nope, I'm just letting people know my good news."
Aaron Aaronson says: "Hello?"
Nicole says: "Okay, let's see the next one is Adam Adamson."
Richard says: "Don't you want to hear what I did today?"
Richard sighs.
Darwin says: "You okay, Mister Dad?"
Richard says: "I wish someone appreciated me."
Gumball says: "Hey, they do."
Gumball says: "Joyful Burger would go out of business if it wasn't for you."
Anais says: "He means Mom."
Anais says: "Why don't you talk to her about it?"
Anais says: "After all, she is a calm, reasonable wom—"
The scene cuts to outside the house; Nicole expresses astonishment as fireworks light up the night, saying "Nicole Watterson / Employee of the Month." The Man in the Moon is struck with a capsule, screaming with an unpleasant shrill; the neighbours are struck with the stars of the fireworks. The scene abruptly cuts back to Richard and the children on the couch.
Richard says: "You're right."
Richard says: "I'm gonna march right up to your mother and tell her, "Things have to change."
Richard says: "You can't lead a horse to water without breaking a few eggs!"
Richard says: "Judge me not by my thighs, for the one-eyed man is worth two in the bush!"
Richard says: "If they build it, I will come, and if you've got a problem with that, buddy, well then, welcome to the Hotel California!"
Gumball says: "Dad, what are you talking about?"
Richard says: "I have no idea."
Anais says: "He's gonna need some practice first."
Richard's Training.
Scene changes setting to the backyard, where Richard and the Watterson children are present. Anais places a pumpkin on a stool.
Anais says: "Okay, let's say this pumpkin is Mom."
Anais says: "Use it to practice your pitch on her."
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "Hi, honey."
Richard says: "Uh, I got something to ask you."
Richard says: "Please don't look at me like that."
The pumpkin stays idle.
Gasps How could you say that in front of the children?
The pumpkin stays idle.
Gasps You swore you wouldn't bring that up! It's not that unreasonable to assume the citizens of Turkey would be delicious birds.
The pumpkin moves, creaking.
Aah! Please! Please don't leave me! Don't leave me! Kids, stop the simulation! It's too real! Deactivate! Deactivate! Sobs.
The Wattersons react by pulling puzzled expressions.
Anais says: "Well, that could've gone better."
While Richard is still sobbing, the pumpkin appears to be absent.
Gumball says: "Dad, where's the pumpkin?"
Richard says: "She left me for a butternut squash."
Given the circumstance, the Watterson children cringe at each other.
Confronting with Nicole.
While the rest of the Wattersons are outside, Nicole enters the house, carrying with two arms several shopping bags and wearing sunglasses.
Nicole says: "Oh, I got to tell you, it's so refreshing to go to a store where "a cleanup on aisle three" actually means someone's spilled some food."
Anais quickly, but nervously, enters.
Anais says: "Uh, Mom, listen, Dad's got something he wants to tell you."
Gumball and Darwin, offscreen, push Richard in for him to confront and face Nicole.
Richard says: "Uh, Nicole, honey, sweetie, light of my life..."
Anais says: "Reign it in, Dad."
Richard says: "I don't think you notice all the work I do around here, and I think it's about time you appreciated me!"
Nicole says: "Oh, really, Richard?"
Nicole says: "Then why don't we check up on all this hard work of yours?"
Richard's Hard Work.
The scene cuts to Nicole looking down at the grass, frustrated. Richard is also shown.
Nicole says: "Can you please explain why the grass is so long?"
The children are shown to eat the grass like goats, which is what they appear to be, therefore trimming it down.
And they're eating their greens!
The scene subsequently transitions to Richard serving an entire try of spaghetti, with Gumball, Darwin and Anais eagerly sitting around the table and Nicole standing about.
Richard says: "Food fight!"
Richard says: "See, no plates and no cutlery means no washing up."
Nicole is hit with a chunk of spaghetti.
And at least thirty percent of it goes in their mouth.
Nicole says: "Look at the state of them, and the tablecloth!"
Richard says: "Ah-ah!"
He then dumps the sack into the bathtub full of water after they go to the bathroom. Nicole reacts with complete surprise and shock, then grabs the sack up from the water.
Nicole says: "Are you insane?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "No, there's baby shampoo in there as well as fabric softener, so their eyes won't sting."
Richard says: "Alright kids, time to dry off."
Loud music plays; the kids head-bang with horn gestures and Darwin plays an air guitar.
Richard says: "Oh, I'd stand back if I were you!"
Richard says: "This also shakes out the head lice."
Crawling sounds can be heard.
Nicole says: "Aah!"
Nicole says: "They're all over the floor!"
Richard says: "Not for much longer!"
Irish dance music plays, and the kids dance out of the room, squashing the lice.
Richard says: "And that's the way I do it every single day, so it's about time you appreciated it."
Nicole says: "Well, it's the wrong way!"
Nicole says: "You're a terrible parent, and this house is disgusting!"
Nicole says: "I would stamp my feet in anger but the floor is so sticky I can't actually move anymore!"
Richard says: "Ridiculous!"
Richard says: "I could eat off this floor!"
Richard says: "Okay, I'll give you that one, but you need to appreciate what I do."
Nicole says: "Richard, you're ridiculous."
Nicole says: "The only things with worse parenting skills are cuckoos and stage moms!"
Richard says: "Fine, then I'm going on strike!"
The scene cuts to black.
Richard Is on Strike.
The scene fades to Nicole driving her way home, noticing Richard on the front yard on a beach chair.
Nicole says: "Hmm?"
Nicole says: "So you were serious about this strike business?"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "I've been sitting here all day!"
Nicole says: "And how's that different from usual?"
Nicole says: "Apart from not being able to see the TV."
Nicole says: "And what's with the banner?"
The scene shows some balloons and a banner across the house saying "Happy Birthday!".
Richard says: "It was all they had in the store."
Richard says: "They didn't have anything that said, "Fight for your efforts to be recognized by some heartless she-beast!"
Nicole says: "Maybe they were all sold out."
Nicole says: "And the balloons?"
Richard says: "I happen to like balloons."
Nicole says: "I'll go ahead and assume dinner's not ready."
Richard says: "Ha!"
Richard says: "You won't last five minutes in there!"
Nicole says: "Oh please, I'm employee of the month!"
Nicole says: "I can handle anything."
Nicole says: "Especially an evening without Nanny McFail."
Nicole opens the door, with a stern expression. She turns on the light switch, but nothing is illuminated.
Nicole says: "Well that's weird."
Nicole says: "What the..."
Nicole says: "?"
The scene reveals that everything in the house is wrecked, some parts lit up with fire; the dinner table is stuck to the ceiling upside-down, with Anais' toys. Nicole gasps in shock, but reacts a bit calmer when the scene reveals a renaissance-like painting depicting Nicole and Richard being tormented by three Gremlin-like creatures.
Nicole says: "Oh, not bad."
All of a sudden, the phone rings.
Nicole says: "Hello?"
The phone sounds out a harsh grinding sound, which turns out to be the chicken grinding in the sink; the chicken bits are transported through the phone and splattered all over Nicole's face.
Nicole says: "Raw chicken!"
Nicole says: "At least it didn't go in my—"
A piece of chicken launches directly into her mouth; Nicole screams, running to the sink and attempting to turn it on. It does not dispense any water; the fridge, now corrupted with electricity problems, blows a flame all over Nicole's face, causing the chicken and her eyebrows to burn off.
Nicole says: "Who rewired the whole house?!"
Nicole says: "!"
A giggling sound is heard off-screen, causing Nicole to look around and open a cabinet. Anais, in her Gremlin-like form, causes Nicole to scream in horror and assails her by throwing a toaster at her; she runs away.
Nicole says: "Hey!"
Nicole says: "Get back here!"
The toaster then vacuums Nicole's face, making her struggle to get it out. When she manages to do so, her mouth is formed as a toaster.
Nicole says: "I said come back here!"
She shakes her head, restoring its original form; as she is about to climb up the stairs, Gumball, in his Gremlin-like form, holds and shakes a grandfather clock, blocking the stairway.
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Don't you dare!"
Nicole says: "That's a precious family heirloom!"
Nicole says: "That I haven't got around to selling online yet."
Gumball pushes and rides the clock down the stairway; Nicole avoids by jumping over it, as it crashes through the door. She catches Gumball.
Nicole says: "What are you doing in my house?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Cuckoo!"
An automated cuckoo bird pops out of Gumball's mouth, making Nicole react with surprise.
Nicole says: "Aah!"
Gumball giggles and escapes off-screen; Nicole goes to her bedroom and finds a gathering of ghosts, all creating a commotion.
Nicole says: "What are you doing in here?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Once she catches all the ghosts' attention, they immediately disappear, including Carrie, who was about to kiss Darwin, in his Gremlin-like form, while wearing Nicole's wedding dress.
Nicole says: "Is that my wedding dress?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Darwin runs away.
Nicole says: "Get out of my house!"
Nicole says: "I said get out or I'll call the cops!"
Gumball vomits a piece of the Donut Cop.
Anais says: "Send more cops!"
Gumball says: "Cops, yum yum!"
Darwin says: "Cops, yum yum!"
Anais says: "Cops, yum yum!"
Nicole screams in terror; she runs out the house. Richard relaxes still with a smug expression.
Nicole says: "What happened in there?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "What are those things?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "And where are the kids?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "Those things are our kids in their natural, unsupervised state."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "What have you done?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "Nothing, and that's what happens."
Richard says: "Still think everything will be fine?"
Nicole says: "Right."
Nicole says: "I'll deal with this."
Once she enters the house, she is thrown through the window, back to the frontyard with her head on fire.
Richard says: "How'd that go?"
Nicole says: "Well, at least there's nothing left in the house for them to destroy."
The entire shed is launched from the backyard over the house to the frontyard, crashing into pieces.
Nicole says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "I forgot about the garden."
Nicole says: "Okay, I'll do it your way."
Silence occurs. Richard is still pulling a smug expression.
Um, Richard?
Richard says: "Uh, just give me a minute."
Richard says: "My face is stuck."
Richard says: "It's not used to pulling a smug expression for this long."
Catapulting the Neighbor.
Both parents go to the backyard fance; Richard looks through the peephole. It is revealed that Gary Hedges, one of their neighbors, is about to be catapulted by the demon-like Gumball and Darwin.
Richard says: "It's worse than I thought."
Richard says: "They've got the neighbor."
Nicole says: "Mister Robinson?"
Richard says: "No, the other one."
Richard says: "The one we don't know the name of."
Nicole says: "Oh, it's not so bad then."
Nicole says: "What do we do?"
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "There are three rules."
Richard says: "One: stay calm and do not raise your voice."
Richard says: "It just tells them they're winning."
Richard says: "Two: never turn your back on them."
Richard says: "That's when they take advantage."
Richard says: "And three: always carry a little plastic bag."
Nicole says: "Uh, where did you get all this from?"
Richard shows an instructional book, named "How to Train Your Dog".
Richard, that's for dogs.
Richard says: "Still works."
Gumball pulls the slingshot back, causing Gary to whimper in shock. Richard's first step catches their attention.
Richard says: "Stand down."
Gumball snarls at him.
Blue, blue, what did I just say?
Gumball bites at him.
Nicole says: "That's it, Gumball, you're grounded."
Richard says: "No, no, no!"
Richard says: "Do that, and they'll never trust me again."
Gumball bites and snarls at him.
Richard says: "Back off, back off."
Gumball pulls the slingshot even further.
No. Nicole, the neighbor!
Nicole jumps and lands at Gary, preventing him to be launched; Gumball goes away.
Nicole says: "Hi, I'm Nicole Watterson."
Nicole says: "I live next door."
Gary says: "Yeah, I got that."
Gumball and Darwin stand in a stance, ready to attack.
Richard says: "Orange, I see you."
Richard says: "Stand down."
Gumball snarls at him again.
Richard says: "Wait a minute."
Richard says: "Where's your sister?"
Richard sees Anais hidden behind the bushes, ready to attack.
Richard says: "Clever girl."
Richard pulls his hand away as Anais is about to jump and bite into it. The Watterson children separate and circle around Gary and the parents.
Nicole says: "What are we gonna do?"
Nicole says: "We're surrounded."
Nicole says: "Richard, do something."
The children snarl and go closer to Richard; he stares at them sternly.
Richard says: "Okay, okay, stop!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "I'm not gonna let you all catapult the neighbor over the house."
They react by snarling at him.
Richard says: "But..."
Richard says: "I am gonna let one of you do it."
Nicole says: "What?"
Gary says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Richard says: "I'll let you fight over which one."
The children fight against each other.
Nicole says: "Richard, how is this helping?"
Richard says: "Ah."
Richard says: "Five, four, three, two..."
A thud sounds offscreen; the scene reveals Gumball, Darwin, and Anais in their normal ungremlin-like state soundly sleeping in a pile.
Richard says: "You see, the best way to deal with kids is to turn them against each other until they've worn themselves out."
Nicole says: "Richard, you—"
Nicole says: "You did it."
Nicole says: "Whatever it is you do, it works."
Richard kisses her back; he licks her face.
Nicole says: "What are you doing?"
Gary says: "Excuse me."
Gary says: "Can I go home?"
Along with Richard, Nicole freaks out, letting go of Gary. The slingshot catapults him as he is screaming. The episode ends.