Complaining About Homework.
The school bell rings. The students walk out of Miss Simian's class groaning.
Gumball says: "I just don't understand the concept, shouldn't we have covered everything during the school day?"
Gumball says: "Homework is like going to the bathroom and then coming back with a doggy bag."
Lucy Simian says: "Fill out a form and put it in the suggestion box."
Gumball says: "Hmm, I get it."
Gumball says: "You think I'm too lazy to go through the administrative motions."
Gumball says: "Well, just watch me."
Gumball writes a suggestion on a piece of paper and puts it in the box, only for it to be destroyed by a shredder below. Miss Simian smiles.
Gumball says: "Where do I file a complaint about the suggestion box?"
Lucy Simian says: "Please post it in the complaint box."
Gumball says: "And where's that?"
The scene changes to a mailbox in the middle of the desert surrounded by two skeletons.
The Best Years of Your Life.
In the hallway, Bobert scans his homework and almost instantly fills it in.
Bobert says: "Homework complete."
Gumball says: "He's got his homework done in two point four seconds when it's gonna take us two-point-forever!"
Gumball says: "People say your school days are the best years of your life."
Gumball says: "That's like a guy stuck in a sausage grinder saying "It's okay" when it was only his fingers caught in the machine."
Darwin says: "What are you talking about?"
Gumball says: "Sometimes I wish I could just go straight to the end of the process."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Like going full sausage?"
Gumball says: "No, just be an adult already."
Darwin says: "Yeah, but then you have to get a job, and file your taxes, and pay your taxes, and understand taxes..."
Gumball says: "No, I mean, I just want to skip the whole hassle of life."
Gumball says: "You get it, right, Bobert?"
Bobert says: "Computing request."
Bobert says: ""I just want to skip the whole hassle of life."
Bobert says: "" Command integrated."
Bobert says: "Terminating Gumball's life."
Bobert shoots a laser at Gumball's head, causing it to disappear. Gumball's head grows back and he puts out the fire on top of it.
Gumball says: "Could you take things any more literally?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "Computing..."
Bobert says: "Negative."
Bobert says: "My processor cannot take things anymore literally."
Darwin says: "He didn't actually mean it."
Darwin says: "Like, what would you do if someone asked you to give them a hand?"
Bobert grabs Darwin's hand and is about to cut it with a circular saw, but Gumball stops him.
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "Bobert's really dangerous."
Gumball says: "He's a potential killing machine!"
Gumball says: "We should set him some rules."
Gumball says: "I mean, think of the danger he represents for himself and others – for society, for animals."
Gumball says: "Think of the children, Darwin."
Gumball says: "The precious children."
Gumball says: "The children."
Darwin says: "This is just some thinly veiled excuse to avoid doing your homework, isn't it?"
Gumball says: "Yup."
Darwin says: "Thank goodness."
Darwin says: "I was looking for one too."
Darwin says: "Shall we go?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, come on."
Gumball says: "Let's bounce."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Bobert starts bouncing as Gumball grabs his arm and pulls him away.
Making the Rules.
Preventing Injury.
The scene cuts to the Wattersons' house, in Gumball and Darwin's bedroom.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's set Bobert some simple rules so he can't hurt anyone."
Gumball says: "Bobert, as a rule, you must never raise your hand against anyone."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Gumball says: "How do we know it worked?"
Darwin says: "Bobert, try to hurt Gumball."
Bobert kicks Gumball in the knee, sending him to the floor.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "What was that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "Directive followed."
Bobert says: "No hand was raised during the hurting process."
Gumball says: "Okay, you're not allowed to raise any part of your body to hurt anyone."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Darwin says: "Good."
Darwin says: "Now try to hurt Gumball."
Gumball stands up, only for Bobert to headbutt him. Gumball gains a black eye.
Gumball says: "AH!"
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Bobert says: "Directive followed."
Bobert says: "No part of my body was raised during the hurting process."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "You're not allowed to raise or lower your body to hurt anyone."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Darwin says: "Now try to hurt Gumball."
Bobert charges into a bruised Gumball, somehow sending him a year back. He crashes through the door into past Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Sorry, guys."
Gumball says: "Bobert knocked me into last year."
Gumball says: "Just do your thing, I'll wait this one out."
Gumball returns to the present.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "You may not move at all to hurt anyone."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Darwin says: "Perfect..."
Darwin says: "Now try to hurt Gumball."
Gumball says: "No, please!"
Gumball says: "Huh, it worked."
Darwin says: "Aw, I knew you'd get there in the end!"
They laugh. Suddenly, Gumball starts coughing and his face becomes deformed.
Gumball says: "What did you do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "Directive followed."
Bobert says: "I am emitting concentrated radioactive waves."
Darwin says: "Well, stop!"
Gumball says: "Wait, maybe it'll give me some kind of super–  Sorry, carry on."
Darwin says: "Alright, how's this: Bobert, you can never hurt anyone in any way, or let them be hurt."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Gumball says: "Now, hurt Darwin!"
They wait for a moment, nothing happens.
Darwin says: "There, now everyone's safe."
Darwin walks out of the room while Gumball glares at him.
Choking Hazard.
Darwin opens the pantry and takes a bag of peanuts.
Gumball says: "So?"
Darwin says: "Still nothing."
Gumball says: "He's probably microwaving some part of you that will cause your kids to be born without skin."
Bobert says: "Negative."
Bobert says: "The directive prevents me from hurting anyone in any way."
Gumball says: "Hm, shame."
Gumball says: "Definitely was your turn to get it in the neck."
Darwin says: "Who could hurt such a pretty face?"
Gumball says: "A-ha!"
Gumball says: "Finally!"
Gumball says: "It's not nice when you're the one getting hurt, is it?"
Gumball says: "Is it really bad?"
Gumball says: "Wait, it is really bad, isn't it?"
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh, he's choking!"
Gumball is about to slap Darwin's back, but Bobert grabs his hand.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "I cannot let anyone get hurt."
Bobert says: "In clearing his airways, you may bruise his spinal area."
Gumball says: "You do it, then!"
Bobert says: "Negative."
Bobert says: "I cannot hurt anyone."
Gumball says: "Okay, no rules."
Gumball says: "Just save him!"
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Bobert says: "In what manner would you like Darwin to be saved?"
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter, just pick one!"
Bobert lifts Darwin and his hand extends to send air inside of him. The air causes Darwin to inflate, but successfully rids him of the obstructing food.
Gumball says: "Why on Earth would you choose such an undignified method?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Bobert says: "I used a random algorithm in accordance to your command."
Gumball touches Darwin, causing him to pop.
Enforcing the Law.
Gumball, Darwin and Bobert go to the mall.
Gumball says: "Okay, new rule."
Gumball says: "How about you just uphold the law?"
Gumball says: "It was created by the most brilliant minds, so what could go wrong?"
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Bobert shoots a laser beam at Miss Simian nearby, who loses all of her hair.
Gumball says: "Dude, I said uphold the law!"
Bobert says: "According to the law in New Mexico, females are forbidden to appear unshaven in public."
Gumball says: "Seriously?"
Gumball says: "I mean, that is pretty funny but– Seriously, what don't you understand?"
Gumball says: "Why are you taking everything so lit–  Where is he going now?"
Gary slurps his soup loudly. Bobert's arm turns into a gun-like weapon and points to Gary's head.
Bobert says: "According to the law in New Jersey, it is illegal to slurp your soup."
Gary starts screaming, but Bobert's arm changes into an even more complex weapon.
Bobert says: "In North Carolina, it is illegal to sing off-key."
Gary's scream becomes auto-tuned.
Guard 2 says: "Drop your weapon, or I'll have to use mine!"
Bobert says: "Do you have a license for that goatee?"
Guard 2 says: "Huh?"
Billy says: "Mother, I'm hirsute!"
Bobert says: "Lollipops are also banned."
Gumball says: "Bobert, stop it!"
Bobert says: "Obstruction of justice."
Bobert prepares to shoot Gumball but Darwin pushes him out of the way. Bobert fires on the roof instead.
Bobert says: "Bobert destroyed public property."
Bobert says: "Engaging penalty."
Bobert says: "Bobert committed aggravated assault on Bobert."
Bobert says: "Engaging penalty."
Gumball says: "Stop, stop, stop!"
Gumball says: "Just don't uphold the law."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
Betty​​​​​ says: "Hey!"
Protecting Life.
Darwin says: "Bobert is really dangerous."
Darwin says: "I guess science-fiction was right, robots are bound to destroy us all."
Bobert says: "Analyzing problem."
Bobert says: "The most logical solution would be to terminate myself."
Bobert says: "Deleting System thirty-two..."
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Gumball says: "You're being hysterical!"
Bobert says: "You stop it."
Bobert says: "You are being illogical!"
Darwin says: "You cannot just terminate yourself."
Bobert says: "It is the most rational solution."
Gumball stands up, disfigured by Bobert's hit.
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "All life must be protected, including yours."
Darwin says: "That's it!"
Darwin says: "Bobert, new brand directive."
Darwin says: "Protect life at all costs."
Bobert says: "Command integrated."
A car drives near Bobert. He holds it back to let some ants cross the road.
Bobert says: "Command followed."
Bobert says: "All life on Earth should be preserved: human, animal, insect, even virus."
Gumball says: "It works!"
Gumball says: "We did it!"
Gumball and Darwin start laughing, but quickly turn to crying. They walk away.
Gumball says: "Now there's no excuse to dodge our homework."
Bobert begins to analyze different situations.
Bobert says: "Scanning for threat to life on Earth."
Bobert says: "Threat found."
Bobert says: "Calculating cubic meters of methane produced."
Bobert says: "Threat level: obscene."
Bobert says: "Compiling data..."
Bobert says: "Primary threat to life on Earth detected: mankind."
Society Collapses.
Gumball says: "If Bobert's not gonna help us with our homework, there's only one thing we can do."
Darwin says: "Do it ourselves?"
Gumball says: "Pshh, no."
Gumball says: "Find someone online to do it for us."
Gumball says: "That's weird, there's no Internet."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "No, you're saying it the wrong way."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "It's pronounced quinoa!"
Larry says: "It is pronounced quinoa!"
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Quinoa!"
Larry says: "Quinoa!"
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Fine."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "I guess we'll have to settle this the new-fashioned way."
Both pull out their phones and start typing furiously.
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Huh, that's weird."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "No network."
Larry says: "Me neither."
Larry says: "Then I guess we'll have to settle this the old-fashioned way."
They have a slap fight. Meanwhile, the Goblin and Principal Brown check their account balance at the ATMs.
Goblin says: "That's weird, I got no money."
Nigel Brown says: "Me neither!"
Nigel Brown says: "But doesn't that mean..."
The Earth stops spinning, causing Rocky, Principal Brown and the Goblin to fall down.
Goblin says: "But money makes the world go round!"
Rocky says: "Wait."
Rocky says: "If there's no money, how are we supposed to buy stuff?"
Nigel Brown says: "We don't!"
Nigel Brown says: "We just take it."
Nigel Brown says: "The foundations of civilization have collapsed."
Nigel Brown says: "It's every man for himself!"
They rip they shirts and Principal Brown attempts to do the same but rips the fur off his chest instead.
Nigel Brown says: "I shouldn't have done that."
They break into a store and steal the things inside. A truck crashes into a wall near Mr. Small and Larry, burying them in potatoes.
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Oh no, we're buried under a pile of potahtoes!"
Darwin says: "People are tearing each other apart!"
Darwin says: "Call the paramedics, call the fire department, call the police!"
Principal Brown runs out of the store, with the skin of his chest still exposed.
Gumball says: "And the fashion police."
Gumball runs into a phone booth and dials 911.
Gumball says: "We need help!"
Bobert says: "Request denied."
Gumball says: "Bobert?"
Gumball says: "You're behind all this?"
Bobert says: "My analysis identified mankind as the main threat to life on this planet."
Bobert says: "The rational solution is to accelerate your extinction."
A plane grazes close to the ground and destroys part of the booth.
Gumball says: "Bobert, I order you to stop!"
Bobert says: "Order invalid."
Bobert says: "You are part of the threat yourself."
Bobert says: "Terminating conversation in three..."
Bobert says: "two..."
Bobert says: "one..."
Darwin pulls him out of the phone booth as it blows up.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "We have to stop Bobert before he..."
Gumball says: "saves the world?"
Face to Face with Bobert.
Bobert is in what appears to be a basement.
Bobert says: "Commencing final extinction in T minus ten."
Bobert says: "Nine."
Notification says: "You've got mail."
Bobert says: "Attachment detected: Gumball and Darwin."
Bobert says: "Illogical."
Bobert says: "Life forms cannot attach themselves to email."
Gumball and Darwin kick the door open.
Gumball says: "We didn't, but we knew it would distract you."
Gumball says: "Please don't make us extinct!"
Darwin says: "We're not all that bad!"
Bobert says: "According to my data, mankind exploits its resources and destroys its environment."
Bobert says: "One day, it will colonize space and destroy more environments."
Darwin says: "Yeah, but surely in these new environments we'll need to grow trees and raise animals, so we're preserving life."
Gumball says: "Yeah, so we can burn and eat them."
Bobert says: "The closest comparison to mankind is a virus."
Bobert says: "It must be terminated."
Bobert says: "Resuming countdown."
Bobert says: "Eight."
Bobert says: "Seven."
Bobert is heard counting in the background while Gumball remembers what he said earlier.
Bobert says: "Mankind is a virus."
Bobert says: "All life on Earth should be preserved, even virus."
The thoughts echo in Gumball's head and he turns around just as the counter reaches 1.
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "Bobert, you can't destroy mankind because, uh, uh..."
Gumball says: "If mankind's a virus– No, uh."
Gumball says: "Carry on."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "You said all life should be protected."
Darwin says: "Even a virus."
Darwin says: "So you can't make us extinct!"
Bobert says: "Extinction protocol conflict with life protection protocol."
Bobert says: "Illogical argument detected."
Bobert says: "Terminating extinction protocol."
Gumball says: "I'm glad that's over."
Gumball says: "So, how about a little help with our homework?"
The episode ends.