An Anonymous Message.
Episode opens with Gumball and Darwin in their room, on their computer.
Gumball says: "And if you really didn't know that, then maybe you should read a book."
Darwin says: "I don't know, dude."
Darwin says: "This book says he's right."
Darwin says: "Apparently, nachos aren't fruit."
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You mean that we've been in that flame war for seven hours, and we can't even win?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Did he make any spelling mistakes?"
Gumball says: "No, but he did say "who" instead of "whom."
Darwin says: "Call it."
Gumball says: "I think you'll find it's whom."
Gumball says: "Hehehehe."
Darwin says: "Hehehehe."
Gumball says: "Whap, whap!"
Gumball says: "Cyberpsyche!"
Darwin says: "Quick, block him before he can respond."
Gumball blocks the Egghead.
Gumball says: "Hahaha."
Gumball says: "I love Elmore Plus."
Gumball says: "It's like real life, but with none of the consequences."
Darwin says: "Yeah, you get to see what everyone does, and how happy they are, and how much better their lives are compared to ours."
Gumball and Darwin are surprised.
Darwin says: "Let's write more sarcastic comments."
Gumball says: "I think you should realize this is a public forum, and put your pot back on."
Gumball submits this, and he along with Darwin snicker. Leslie then responds to their comment.
Darwin says: ""Upset because of a certain someone."
Darwin says: "They know who they are."
Gumball says: "Stop posting mysterious status updates when we have no idea who you're talking about."
Alan thumbs up all the comments on the page.
Gumball says: "Huh, I don't get this."
Gumball says: "There's always people who gives a thumbs up to everything like "Tobias is getting his appendix out today."
Gumball says: "Prob gonna have a scar."
Gumball says: ""  Thumbs up from Alan!"
Gumball says: "What is he liking about that exactly?"
Gumball says: "The fact that it wasn't him who is in pain?"
Darwin says: "Let me handle this."
Darwin says: "You have reached your thumb up limit."
Darwin says: "Please walk away from your computer, look at yourself in the mirror, and give yourself a thumb down."
Alan thumbs up that.
Gumball says: "Let's just block him."
Gumball says: "In fact, let's block everyone who annoys us."
Gumball says: "Block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, block."
Gumball says: "Done."
They block everyone. A message comes in from someone.
Darwin says: "We got a message."
Gumball says: "Who from?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "It's blocked."
Gumball says: "What's with the voice?"
Darwin says: "Sorry, typo."
Darwin says: "I meant enemy."
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Apologies to Everyone.
Gumball and Darwin are eating lunch in the cafeteria. The point of view is that of the anonymous poster.
Gumball says: "What do we do, and who sent the message?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "It could be anyone!"
Darwin says: "It couldn't just be anyone."
Darwin says: "It has to be someone we've upset."
Gumball and Darwin think for a while.
Darwin says: "Yeah, you're right."
Darwin says: "It could be anyone."
The anonymous poster suddenly hides behind a pillar.
Gumball says: "Oh, I know."
Gumball says: "Let's apologize to everyone."
The figure comes back into view.
Darwin says: "Yes, that's the only way we can be sure."
They walk away.
Mysterious Figure says: "How could you forget what you've done to me?"
Flashback to Gumball and Darwin looking at the mysterious figure, disgusted. The POV is still that of the mysterious figure.
Mysterious Figure says: "Hey, guys, I just wanted to say that you seem really cool, and, well, I think we should hang out."
Mysterious Figure says: "What do you..."
Mysterious Figure says: "say?"
Gumball says: "…Wow, that was awkward."
Gumball says: "Ok, so, um."
Gumball says: "We're gonna go now."
Gumball says: "But, you..."
Gumball says: "uh, you should stay here."
Gumball says: "Ok, bye."
Gumball and Darwin slowly back up to a trash can and then run away. Flashback ends, and the milk carton starts to shake.
Mysterious Figure says: "Your time will come."
Milk carton explodes and the students turn around to look at the mysterious figure.
Darwin says: "C'mon, there must be something we've done to you that is worth an apology."
Darwin says: "Think!"
Gumball says: "Yes, come on."
Gumball says: "Use your pointy brain."
Sussie says: "But Sussie's not angry."
Sussie says: "Sussie likes you."
Sussie says: "Sussie likes all the things in the world."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Well, I gotta apologize for something."
Gumball says: "So I'll apologize for this."
Gumball starts drumming on Sussie's head, and he smacks one of her eyes off of her. They all gasp.
Gumball says: "Oh, my gosh, I am so sorry."
Darwin places Sussie's eye back on her body.
Sussie says: "But Sussie liked that too!"
Gumball and Darwin hug Sussie.
Gumball says: "Aww."
Darwin says: "Aww."
Gumball and Darwin stop hugging Sussie.
Gumball says: "Okay, next!"
Gumball and Darwin walk away. Sussie then drums on her own head while humming a tune.
Give Us a Hug.
Cut to the outside of the boys' bathroom. Camera slowly zooms into the door.
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Darn right, I'm angry at you!"
Cut to inside of the boys' bathroom.
Gumball says: "Tell us about it."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Have you ever noticed that nothing in this world is set up as it should be!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "?"
Darwin says: "Like what?"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "I should be more important!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "I should be the one with the sidekick, and exciting adventures."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "I'm more handsome, richer, AND more colorful than you guys."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "And YET, it's like I'm the supporting character of my own life!"
Gumball says: "Come on."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "I'm not hugging you, we're both in towels."
Darwin says: "Come on."
Gumball and Darwin slowly walk closer to Tobias.
Tobias​​​​​ says: "No..."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "no no."
Cut to the hallway.
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Get off, get off, get off, get off, get off!"
Gumball, Darwin and Tobias crash out of the bathroom door. They roll to the middle of the hallway. Everyone stares at them.
Gumball says: "Give me a hug!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Leave me alone, you weirdos!"
Darwin says: "You leave us no choice."
Darwin says: "Accept our apology!"
Darwin says: "Accept it!"
Darwin says: "Forgive us!"
Darwin says: "Look how sorry we are!"
Darwin says: "Give us a hug!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Okay!"
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Ugh, jeez."
The perspective switches to the mysterious poster's point of view.
Gumball says: "Right!"
Gumball says: "That's one less angry friend to deal with."
Darwin says: "Who's next?"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "Leslie!"
Gumball and Darwin shrug. The bell rings and the students vacate the hallway, except for the unknown poster.
Mysterious Figure says: "Your time to apologize has passed."
Mysterious Figure says: "Expect nothing but my wrath now!"
The lockers in the hallway shake, and start blasting open. A fire extinguisher is set loose and bounces around the hallway, and hits the figure's face.
Mysterious Figure says: "Ouch."
Apologies to Everyone Else.
In the schoolyard, Gumball and Darwina reconfronting Alan.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "No no no, guys."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I apologize for making you feel like you owed me an apology."
Gumball says: "Dude, this has been going on for an hour now."
Gumball says: "Just accept our apology, and let's be done with it!"
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I apologize for apologizing so much."
Gumball and Darwin are frustrated, the former face palming.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "Sorry!"
Gumball says: "I think it's clear it's not him who sent us that scary message."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I apologize for not being the person you were looking for."
Gumball flicks Alan away.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I'm sorry for being so annoying!"
Gumball grabs a rock, but Darwin stops him.
Darwin says: "Shhh!"
Darwin says: "Walk away, man."
Darwin says: "Just walk away."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball and Darwin walk off-screen.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I apologize for making you leave!"
Gumball runs back and throws a rock at Alan, and pops him.
The next scene shows the brothers apologizing to Carrie.
Carrie says: "You know, the fact that you don't know what you're apologizing for means that you basically don't care."
Gumball says: "How dare you judge my guilt!"
Gumball says: "Do you know how torn and tormented I am?"
Gumball says: "Do you really wanna see my soul weep, Carrie?"
Gumball says: "Do you!"
Gumball says: "?"
Carrie says: "Yeah."
Carrie says: "Let's see some tears."
Gumball says: "FINE!"
Gumball strains, and struggles with his face, and tries hard to cry. But no tears come out.
Carrie says: "Okay, okay!"
Carrie says: "I forgive you!"
Carrie says: "Please, stop before you permanently damage your dignity."
Gumball says: "This is exhausting."
Gumball says: "Let's apologize a little faster."
Gumball and Darwin approach Masami in the classroom.
Gumball says: "Hey, Masami!"
Masami says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Uh, let me stop you right there."
Gumball says: "We don't have a lot of time, so I'm just going to placate you with some half-baked lie, and then come up with a lame pretext to bail on you."
Darwin says: "Sorry, Masami."
Darwin says: "We gotta go because of some random excuse."
Darwin says: "Bye!"
They walk away, and go to the stadium. Gumball calls out to Sarah, eating on the bleachers.
Gumball says: "Hey, girl we don't know!"
Gumball says: "Sorry for never talking to you enough to actually have something to apologize for!"
They go away.
Scene cuts to Darwin talking with Penny.
Darwin says: "Hey Penny, I'm sorry for never being upfront about my emotions, or having the courage to stand in front of you like a man to tell you how I feel."
Penny says: "Oh, wow."
Penny says: "I never realized you had any feelings towards me."
Penny says: "If anyone did, I would have thought it was Gumball."
From the distance, Gumball is hiding behind a football goalpost.
Gumball says: "Sorry for being too scared to say it in person!"
The scene changes to Anais closing her locker. Gumball and Darwin approach her.
Gumball says: "Hey sis!"
Gumball says: "Sorry I used your red toothbrush."
Gumball says: "Please don't destroy us."
Anais says: "The red one?"
Anais says: "That's not my toothbrush."
Anais says: "Mine's the blue one."
Darwin says: "Wait, I thought the blue one was mine."
Darwin and Anais shudder.
Gumball says: "Well, at least no one's been using my yellow toothbrush."
Anais says: "Yellow toothbrush?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "That big one we keep by the side of the bath."
Darwin says: "You mean dad's back brush?"
Gumball thinks about this, and at first denies it. Then he ponders, then gags as he realizes this.
Gumball says: "Yup."
Gumball says: "That's the one."
The Wrath of the Anonymous Poster.
In the library, Gumball is checking the computer.
Gumball says: "So that's Alan, Tobias, Anais, and…well, I guess that's everyone."
Gumball says: "Haha!"
Gumball says: "Wow, it's like a massive weight's been lifted off my-what the what?"
Gumball says: "Dude, what's going on with you?"
Darwin is shown having a long cascade of brown hair on his head.
Darwin says: "Wow!"
Darwin says: "I guess it must have been the stress of everyone being angry at us all the time."
Darwin says: "I've been losing my hair for years, and never even realized."
Darwin says: "Uh, what's up with you?"
Friendly woodland creatures flock around Gumball as a light shines down on him.
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "I just feel really at peace with the world, as well."
Gumball says: "Have I ever told you I love you, Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Never like this."
They hug. Then an abrupt buzzing sound cuts of their moment, and scares away the friendly animals. Gumball checks his page online, and gasps.
Gumball says: ""I'm coming for you now!"
Gumball screams, and loses hair.
Then the lights go off, and the boys both scream. They go out of the library, and run through the dark hallways.
Gumball says: "We need to get out of here!"
Gumball says: "He's coming for us!"
They try numerous doors, but-.
Darwin says: "Everything's locked!"
Gumball says: "The only way out is down there."
He refers to the school's main doors. The distance between them, and the doors seem ominous to them.
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "You go first."
Gumball says: "No way, man."
Gumball says: "The guy at the front always gets hit."
Darwin says: "Fine."
Darwin says: "I'll go first."
Gumball says: "No wait!"
Gumball says: "I don't wanna be in the back."
Gumball says: "The guy at the back is the easiest to pick off."
Darwin says: "Well, what do you want me to do?"
They end up with Gumball wearing Darwin like a suit. Darwin chokes while they walk towards the exit.
Gumball says: "Dude, be quiet."
Gumball says: "We're nearly at the front door."
Darwin says: "Your ears are tickling my gills."
Darwin sneezes, and sends Gumball flying towards the doors. Gumball gasps, and gets up, then runs towards the doors, only for them to close shut.
Gumball says: "We're locked in!"
Darwin says: "Who are you?"
Darwin says: "Why are you doing this to us?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Let's think!"
Gumball says: "It's gotta be the person we least expect."
Darwin says: "Well, I suppose the person I least expect …is me."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "By the same logic, and can be you as well."
Darwin bumps Miss Simian's trophy collection. He winces, then grabs a trophy with a calculator.
Darwin says: "Back down!"
Gumball says: "Ahh-!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "What're you gonna do, divide me by zero?"
Darwin replaces the trophy, and takes one of a person fencing with a sharp foil.
Darwin says: "I said STEP BACK!"
Gumball says: "This water's really old!"
From the anonymous poster's POV, behind a pair of doors.
Mysterious Figure says: "You have foolishly fallen into my trap."
Mysterious Figure says: "Now you will destroy yourselves, and your friendship at the same time."
Mysterious Figure says: "Maybe then you'll understand my pain!"
Gumball and Darwin continue chattering, and waving their "weapons".
Gumball says: "I don't want to fight you, man!"
Darwin says: "I don't want to either."
Darwin says: "But it looks like that's what's happening."
Gumball says: "Well, in that case I don't wanna lose!"
Darwin says: "AH!"
Darwin says: "Wait wait wait wait wait!"
Darwin says: "Why don't we just apologize to each other, and then we're cool again."
Gumball says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah!"
From the anonymous poster's POV. Gumball drops his mop, and he and Darwin share a hug.
Mysterious Figure says: "No…no."
Mysterious Figure says: "How dare you rub your friendship in my face."
Mysterious Figure says: "Look at me."
Mysterious Figure says: "I'm talking to you!"
Mysterious Figure says: "LOOK AT ME!"
The trophy case beside the brothers explodes. Gumball and Darwin cough as the anonymous poster bursts through the doors hiding the poster. It is revealed to be William.
Gumball says: "WHAT!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "William!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "But we've never done anything wrong to you, dude."
William concentrates his eye on them, summoning his psychic powers.
Gumball says: "Run."
Darwin says: "Okay!"
Darwin says: "I'll go first."
Gumball says: "No wait!"
Gumball says: "I should go first."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Uh, because there might be danger ahead?"
Gumball says: "I just want to protect you."
Darwin says: "I'm not going at the back."
Darwin says: "He's definitely going to attack the guy at the back."
Gumball says: "I've got just the solution."
Scene cuts to Gumball riding Darwin, fleeing from William. William uses his psychic powers to disfigure, and virtually destroy the hallway as he chases them. He levitates a gas can, and hurls it towards the Wattersons. The Wattersons barely avoid the ensuing explosion.
William says: "There is no escape."
William says: "What the?"
They are gone.
Darwin says: "What do we do now?"
Gumball and Darwin are seen in the boys' bathroom.
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "How do you fight an eye?"
Darwin says: "Dude, shampoo!"
Darwin says: "It's like the stingiest thing in the world."
Gumball and Darwin jump away just in time as an explosion rips through the room. William comes in.
Darwin says: "Hey, William!"
Darwin says: "Feast your eye on this!"
Darwin squeezes a bottle of shampoo in his hand, intending for it to squirt at William. Instead, the bottom ruptures, and the shampoo covers Darwin's face.
Darwin says: "It's baby shampoo."
William focuses on Darwin.
Gumball says: "Watch out!"
Gumball pushes Darwin out of the way, just as William unleashes his psychic power at the spot where Darwin was. He crumples some pipes, causing the room to fog up.
William says: "You cannot hide from me."
William says: "Turn Around."
William says: "Turn around, and face me like men!"
William says: "I am talking to you."
Gumball and Darwin are huddled in a corner. Gumball sights William coming at them through the fog.
Gumball says: "There he is, creeping up on us in silence again."
William says: "In silence?"
William says: "Oh, gosh."
William says: "No one can hear me, can they?"
William says: "I suppose that makes sense, I don't have a mouth."
William says: "I thought you'd ignored me on purpose all my life."
William says: "But when you blocked me on Elmore Plus, something snapped."
William says: "What was I thinking?"
William says: "I'm so sorry."
Darwin says: "NOW!"
They turn around, with Gumball holding a racket. He swats William, and William flies out of a window.
Episode ends.