Waiting for Dad.
The episode begins with the Watterson children sitting right outside of Elmore Junior High.
Gumball says: "I’m just saying, why do people say grapefruit and tunafish but not eggchicken or beefmammal?"
Darwin says: "Come on, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, when we said come pick us up after school we didn’t mean after graduation!"
Richard arrives on screen and dismounts his horse.
Richard says: "Get on the horse!!"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Anais says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard says: "No time to explain!!"
The children get on the horse and Richard slaps its behind, causing it to run.
Meet Wunderklopp!
The scene begins with the Wattersons looking out of their backgarden.
Nicole says: "Let me guess: You saw it, had to have it, and tried to let the kids take the fall for it."
Nicole says: "What is it called?"
Richard says: "Wunderklopp."
The screen cuts to Wunderklopp, who snorts, then neighs.
Nicole says: "It’s okay."
Nicole says: "I’ve found a buyer to take him off our hands."
Anais says: "Wait."
Anais says: "How can you already have a buyer for a horse Dad just brought home?"
Nicole says: "Oh, sweetie, do you really think I didn't expect your father to buy a horse at some point in our marriage?"
Nicole says: "The problem is the guy can't buy it before the first of next month, so short of having Wunderklopp for breakfast,  I'm open to suggestions on how we're gonna survive until then."
Gumball says: "Hmmmmm..."
Darwin says: "Hmmmmm..."
Anais says: "Hmmmmm..."
Richard says: "Hmmmmm..."
Gumball says: "I guess we're gonna have to tap into the money you saved for me to go to college."
Anais, Darwin, Richard, and Nicole all laugh at Gumball, who is annoyed at this.
Gumball says: "What?"
Anais says: "I don't know what's the funniest: the fact you think you've got a trust fund or the fact you think you'll make it to college!"
Gumball says: "Well, you guys come up with a solution, then."
Don Luciano says: "Don Luciano Pizza!"
Nicole says: "Richard, no!"
Nicole says: "One of their pizzas might have enough calories to keep us alive for two weeks, but they've already taken too many years off your life!"
Don Luciano says: "Ricardo, is that you?"
Nicole says: "No!"
Don Luciano says: "Come back to us, Ricardo."
Don Luciano says: "We are your real family."
Nicole says: "No!"
Split screen of Richard and Don Luciano.
Don Luciano says: "I take 10% off."
Don Luciano says: "Just for you."
Don Luciano says: "You know, the sad thing about betrayal..."
Don Luciano says: "it never comes from an enemy."
Richard presses a button and the phone hangs up, causing Don Luciano's side to turn to static. Richard and Nicole drop to the floor as they embrace each other and burst into tears. The mafia music swells louder.
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "I know!"
Darwin says: "We can invite people who need hugs and kisses to come to our house, and we give it to them for money!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "I know!"
Darwin says: "We all forget I just said that!"
Richard says: "Guys, don't panic."
Richard says: "I spent the last of this much food money on a metal detector and some lottery tickets."
Richard says: "Worst case scenario: we can eat those!"
Anais says: "I've got an idea!"
Anais says: "We rent the house as a bed and breakfast!"
Nicole says: "Anais, we can't afford our own breakfast, let alone pay for other people!"
Anais says: "Fine!"
Anais says: "Then we rent the house as a bed and continue to fast!"
Nicole says: "Hmmmm..."
The New Guests.
The doorbell rings, and the door opens to reveal Ethel and Bernie Klein, the first guests.
Ethel says: "Hello!"
Bernie says: "Hello!"
Nicole says: "Oh, please come in!"
Ethel says: "I'm Ethel, and this is Bernie."
Ethel says: "It's been our lifelong dream, see?"
Nicole says: "I think you're the first tourists in Elmore since those two guys back in '83!"
Nicole says: "The town was so happy, they put up a statue of them in the park with their motto underneath."
Ethel says: "Well, beats our dump."
Ethel says: "It's so small, we don't need phones."
Ethel says: "We just speak louder!"
Bernie says: "I must say, the house looks a bit different than the photo on the ad!"
Nicole says: "Oh, they're just closeups, is all!"
Nicole says: "That one was taken right here in the living room!"
Nicole says: "Look!"
Bernie says: "Right..."
Bernie says: "Yeah, it also said you had cable?"
Bernie says: "Does it have subtitles?"
Bernie says: "'Cause our hearing is—"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "Until around 7 p."
Richard says: "m."
Richard says: "when they shut the blinds."
Nicole says: "Hahahaha!"
Ethel says: "And how do we work the AC?"
Ethel says: "We get terrible migraines in the heat, so—"
Gumball says: "Oh, you can operate it like so."
Gumball says: "Ahhhh."
Gumball says: "Refreshing."
Ethel says: "Sure..."
Ethel says: "And now, we also get awful rheumatic fever."
Ethel says: "And I think you had a hot tub somewhere?"
Nicole says: "Sure!"
Nicole says: "I give you..."
Nicole says: "the hot tub!"
It is a bucket full of water, with Anais blowing bubbles into it with a straw. Darwin is bathing inside.
Nicole says: "Okay, I think it's time for us to go!"
Bernie says: "Wait-is the house soundproof?"
Bernie says: "We suffer from a rare ailment where—"
Nicole says: "Payment?"
Nicole says: "Yes, we'll take cash."
Nicole says: "Bye!"
Bernie says: "A rare ailment which means—"
Richard says: "Bye!"
Bernie says: "We freeze and faint—"
Bernie says: "If anything loud or surprising happens!"
Living on Borrowed Food.
The Wattersons and Wunderklopp are all in the car.
Nicole says: "Enjoy your stay!"
They drive off and come around back, then climb and jump into the attic. Meanwhile, Ethel checks the fridge. She takes out a ham-but it's hollow in the inside. She turns around a cheese wheel-it is hollow too.
Bernie says: "I'm headin' to the store, do we need anything?"
Ethel says: "Uh, we need the inside of an orange, the inside of a stick of butter, the inside of a carton of milk..."
Ethel says: "And the inside of a microwave oven."
Cut to Richard in the attic, trying to heat up the cheese in the inside of the microwave. He takes it out; half his face is melting from the radiation.
Richard says: "Huuuhhhh!"
Later, Bernie is showering with a cloud of bubbles in his eyes that he cannot remove. Unbeknownst to him, Richard is in the shower too, and he squirts more soap onto Bernie's head.
Bernie says: "C'mon!"
Bernie says: "Why won't it wash off?"
Even later, Larry rings the doorbell. Ethel answers, and it is shown he is delivering pizza. Nicole comes out from a hole in the porch and discreetly cuts a hole into the box to take the pizza out. Ethel does not notice at all, and pays happily.
That evening, Bernie is watching TV and eating chips. He throws one into the air, but Gumball jumps up from behind the couch and slaps it into Darwin's mouth. He throws another one, but Darwin slaps it at Gumball. He throws a third one, but Gumball's hand comes out of Bernie's coffee mug and slaps it at Wunderklopp. Bernie groans in frustration.
The next morning, Ethel is hammering at Gumball and Darwin's computer with a mesmerized look. All the blinds are shut.
Bernie says: "Since when do you use the computer like that?"
Ethel says: "I don't know, Bernie!"
Ethel says: "It's like I have this interior voice that woke up!"
Ethel says: "Now I know that I want my memes dank and none of that cheezburger weak sauce!"
Bernie says: "Mmm."
Bernie says: "Okay."
She goes back to looking mesmerized as Bernie walks away. Gumball and Darwin's eyes pop out from under the bed.
Gumball says: "Good."
Gumball says: "Now search ten hours of Saxophone Chihuahua."
She does. The Saxophone Chihuahua song plays while the boys' eyes dance.
Bernie comes out of the bathroom, Richard close behind, who is copying Bernie's actions. Richard is visibly struggling to not make any noise.
Ethel clears the table, when it shakes. It is shown that Wunderklopp is under the table, but Ethel just shrugs it off. Wunderklopp looks up and bites an apple on the table.
In the kitchen, the Wattersons are greedily wolfing down all the food they saved. Suddenly, the light turns on, and Bernie walks in without his glasses. He starts feeling his way around. He touches Gumball's face.
Bernie says: "Ooh, what's that?"
Gumball says: "Ding!"
Bernie says: "Oh, must be the microwave."
Bernie says: "Oh!"
Bernie says: "What is that?"
Bernie says: "Mmh."
Bernie says: "Must be a melon."
Bernie says: "Now what is that?"
Richard says: "I am a black forest gateau with a crunchy shortbread base, multiple layers of praline, and a glossy cocoa finish!"
Everyone gasps in fear.
Bernie says: "Hm."
Bernie says: "Must be a black forest gateau with a crunchy shortbread base, multiple layers of praline, and a glossy cocoa finish."
Ethel and Bernie are in bed, about to turn out the lights.
Bernie says: "Night, Ethel."
Ethel says: "Night, Bernie."
Bernie says: "I don't understand."
Bernie says: "The bed looks big enough, but it always feels like I'm pressing against ya!"
Ethel says: "Yeah!"
Ethel says: "And it looks like there are more eyes than there should be in here!"
Bernie turns on the lights. No one is there. He turns them off again and the eyes reappear. He repeatedly flickers the light on and off, and the eyes disappear and reappear with it. Bernie imitates the light switch, and Nicole and Richard dash out from under the bed and in with them. Ethel and Bernie scream, flail around the room and faint.
Nicole says: "NO!"
Richard says: "NO!"
Nicole says: "No no no no no no no!!"
Richard says: "What have we done?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "What's going on?"
He, Darwin, and Anais come into the room. Nicole and Richard scream.
Nicole says: "Uh, our guests had so much fun that they..."
Nicole says: "eh, they..."
Richard says: "They've..."
Richard says: "gone into hibernation!"
Anais says: "Wait, do goats hibernate?"
Nicole and Richard exchange guilty glances.
Richard says: "Yup."
Richard says: "Yeah, yeah."
Gumball says: "Awww, does that mean they won't be able to finish their dream trip?"
Nicole says: "Ehm..."
Nicole says: ".."
Nicole says: "I think it's safe to say no, honey."
Gumball says: "Ah."
Gumball says: "Poor little goat dudes."
Gumball says: "I wish there was something we could do to help."
Nicole says: "I'm sorry honey, but apart from literally dragging them around town and taking pictures of them and then putting those photos in their map thing so it looks like they had fun,  and then dumping them on a train so they become someone else's problem, I really don't know how we can help!"
Gumball says: "Let's just do that, then."
Richard says: "No!"
Nicole says: "YES!"
The Klein Family Vacation.
["I Still Look Forward To" starts playing as the montage begins. Nicole draws pupils on Ethel says: "visor, sunglasses, polo shirt, lipstick, fanny pack, camera."
Bernie's eyelids says: "visor, sunglasses, polo shirt, lipstick, fanny pack, camera."
the Wattersons dress them like tourists says: "visor, sunglasses, polo shirt, lipstick, fanny pack, camera."
First, they go to the Elmore Stadium. They get flung into the air during a crowd wave, and get a picture on the kiss cam.
Next, they go to the amusement park. They're on the Stomach Destroyer, and the picture from the ride is shown of them clearly knocked out. The Wattersons look at the picture and shake their heads. On the second try, the photo shows them with blankets, sleeping caps, and masks on. The Wattersons look at this one and nod.
After that, they hit the shopping mall. Nicole and Richard try to force their heads through a photo-op cutout, but it falls over.
Later, they visit the park. Gumball and Darwin drop them from a tree branch onto a bed sheet that Nicole and Richard are holding. The picture makes it look like they are jumping.
After that, they stop at Joyful Burger. They are sitting at a booth together, and Bernie's face falls onto the table. Gumball fixes it. Anais is about to take the picture, when they are interrupted by the Dolphin Man.
Dolphin Man says: "Bernie Klein?!"
Dolphin Man says: "!"
They go to Short Beach next and take a picture of Ethel's legs by the shore. It is then revealed that Gumball was holding up her legs to a computer with a picture of the beach on it.
Next picture is of Bernie swimming. It is shown he's in the bathtub, with blue dye in it.
Finally, a picture of them waving their arms frantically. Gumball is just blowing the vacuum cleaner at them while they hang from the clothesline.
For the finishing touch, Nicole is posting a five-star review of their house on Elmorebnb under their name.
Nicole says: ""I've never felt more alive than during our time at the Watterson's house."
Nicole says: "" Hmmmph, that should do it."
The Last Train to Glory.
Nighttime. The Wattersons are dragging Ethel, Bernie, and their luggage out their front porch.
Nicole says: "I guess we all learned a lesson today!"
Nicole says: "It's okay to commit a crime if it means you get away with a different crime!"
Richard says: "Nicole, that's a terrible lesson!"
Nicole says: "Not every lesson you learn is a good one!"
All of a sudden, Ethel and Bernie wake up.
Ethel says: "What is going on here?!"
Ethel says: "!"
Nicole says: "Oh, we're just about to put you on the last train to glory!"
Bernie says: "That sounds like some kind of ghoulish euphemism!"
Bernie says: "Although we are indeed from Glory, Minnesota."
Ethel says: "Now, can someone please explain why you're draggin' us like a coupla slabs of meat under the cover of darkness?"
Gumball says: "Because!"
Gumball says: "You wouldn't wake up from hibernating!"
Bernie says: "Hibernating?"
Bernie says: "Oh, no!"
Bernie says: "Like we said, we do faint when we get scared!"
Gumball says: "Ah, you didn't get scared!"
Gumball says: "You had a great time!"
Gumball says: "Look at your memory map!"
Ethel says: "Hmmmm."
Ethel says: "This can only mean one thing..."
Ethel says: "."
Bernie says: "This town's the most forgettable place we've ever been to!"
Ethel says: "But it seems you forgot somethin' too..."
Nicole says: "What?!"
Richard says: "What?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Richard says: "!"
Ethel says: "To ask for your money!"
Bernie says: "One hundred, two hundred, three hundred."
Bernie says: "Here you go."
Nicole says: "Ah, thanks."
Ethel says: "WAIT A MINUTE!!!"
Nicole says: "There's nothing wrong with that!"
Nicole says: "I think it's sweet that you're still in love after all these years!"
Bernie says: "You staged these memories!"
Bernie says: "You rented the house to us while still hiding and didn't let us on, we fainted in shock and you thought we croaked, so you faked the memory map and were gonna put us on the train home thinkin' you'd get away with it!"
Nicole and Richard sigh in defeat. The kids scream in shock.
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "WHAT?!"
Anais says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "How'd you guess?"
Bernie says: "We're brother and sister."
Nicole says: "Come on, kids."
Still Broke.
The next morning. The fridge is still empty, save for some measly crumbs.
Nicole says: "That's it!"
Nicole says: "There's nothing left to eat."
Gumball says: "No!"
Richard says: "Yes."
Cut to the Wattersons eating grass with Wunderklopp in the backyard. Episode ends.