The Cereal Box.
Scene starts at the Wattersons' dining table where Richard is carrying a checklist.
Richard says: "Bowls -- check!"
Richard says: "Spoons -- check!"
Richard says: "Cereal -- check!"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard attempts to open the cereal box.
Richard says: "Ugh!"
Richard says: "So much for easy opening!"
Richard says: "It looks so simple on TV!"
Gumball and Darwin walk in, looking unhappy.
Gumball says: "Oh, man, I really don't want to go to school today."
Darwin says: "Me neither."
Gumball says: "Let's not go!"
Darwin says: "You can do that?"
Gumball says: "Sure!"
Gumball says: "Hey, Dad?"
Richard says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "We really don't want to go to school today."
Richard says: "Why?"
Richard says: "Are you sick?"
Gumball says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "We're not just up for it."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "School is boring!"
Richard says: "But you have to go to school."
Richard says: "You're kids!"
Richard says: "It's what you do!"
Gumball and Darwin says: "Aw!"
Doorbell rings.
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Mailman!"
Richard says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Richard runs off.
Gumball says: "I wish we were grown-ups, like Dad."
Gumball says: "Then we'd never have to go to school and nobody would tell us what to do."
Gumball says: "We could drive trucks, stay up all night, vote."
Gumball and Darwin says: "Vote..."
Richard comes back with a supplement box.
Richard says: "Oh!"
Richard says: "Finally!"
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Richard says: "Why?"
Richard says: "According to the Fifth Amendment, I don't have to answer that without my lawyer present!"
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Anyway, about school..."
Richard says: "Oh, yeah."
Richard says: "You're kids, so you do what mom tells me to tell you to do."
Gumball says: "Being a kid is wretched-lame."
Richard says: "You should be happy to be young."
Richard says: "Before you know it, you'll be overweight, unattractive, balding, middle-aged."
Richard starts sobbing.
Richard says: "Take over breakfast!"
Richard says: "I don't want you to see me like this!"
Richard runs off crying, then shortly Anais walks in.
Anais says: "What's his problem?"
Gumball says: "Eh."
Gumball says: "You never know with that guy."
Gumball says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Let's have breakfast."
Gumball pours in the supplements from the box to the bowl.
The Shooting Star.
Gumball says: "Man, what a pile of beans."
Darwin says: "Dude, watch your language!"
Darwin says: "You'll get us in trouble!"
Gumball says: "Well, I'm sorry, Darwin, but it is."
Gumball says: "It's a big, steaming pile of beans."
Gumball and Darwin gasps as they a hear the sound of the "shooting star".
Darwin says: "Gumball, look!"
Darwin says: "A shooting star!"
Gumball says: "This is our chance."
Gumball says: "Make a wish!"
Gumball and Darwin close their eyes.
Gumball says: "I wish I was a grown-up."
Darwin says: "Me too!"
Gumball and Darwin wait for a short while, then open their eyes to see each other still not grown-ups yet.
Gumball says: "That didn't work at all."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball throws a can at the Shooting Star.
Shooting Star says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Faker!"
Shooting Star says: "Oh, darn kids!"
Shooting Star says: "What do you think you're doing?!"
Shooting Star says: "!"
Transformations of the Human Body.
Scene changes to the class room where Miss Simian is teaching about the human body.
Lucy Simian says: "Today's lesson will be about the transformations of the human body."
Gumball and Darwin are uninterested, Gumball continues with his doodle.
Lucy Simian says: "As you get older, hormones begin to change your appearance."
Gumball says: "It's me as an adult talking to my secretary over the intercom."
Darwin says: "It's me voting!"
Gumball says: "Awesome."
Lucy Simian says: "Passing notes, are we?"
Gumball says: "No, Miss Simian."
Lucy Simian says: "Well, then, what's this?"
Gumball says: "Uh, that's us as adults?"
Lucy Simian says: "I guess you're on topic, then."
Class says: "Ew!"
Lucy Simian says: "Silence!"
Lucy Simian says: "Actually, it's pretty gross."
Lucy Simian says: "You may continue."
Class says: "Ewwwwww!"
Lucy Simian says: "can pop up at any time..."
Gumball says: "Dude, what's that on your face?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "That."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Camera changes to the inside of Darwin's pimple as Gumball looks at it.
Gumball says: "It looks like a greasy, yellow egg."
Gumball says: "No, no, actually, it's more like a small volcano with a sweaty golf ball."
Camera changes back to Gumball and Darwin.
Darwin says: "Do something!"
Darwin says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Gumball says: "Let me just, um..."
Darwin breathes a sigh of relief, but more pimples start to grow on his head.
Gumball says: "I think we're gonna need more little hats."
Darwin says: "Aaaah!"
Gumball says: "Relax, dude!"
Darwin says: "That's easy for you to say!"
Darwin says: "Why don't you have any?"
Gumball says: "Just lucky, I guess."
Gumball turns his head around and the back of his head is filled with pimples too.
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaaah!"
Both of them run out the classroom screaming and run into the girls' restroom; Scene changes to the restroom door where Gumball and Darwin are still screaming in pain.
Gumball says: "I think that's all of them."
Scene changes to the inside of the girl's restroom where Gumball and Darwin are covered with pink papers.
Gumball says: "What's happening to us?"
Darwin says: "I think we've got the plague."
Gumball says: "Do you have any other symptoms?"
Darwin says: "My top lip feels a little silky."
Scene changes to Miss Simian who is still teaching the human body to the class.
Lucy Simian says: "Next comes the appearance of hair on the body and face."
Scene changes to back to Gumball and Darwin where Darwin starts growing a mustache.
Gumball says: "Dude, you look like an undercover cop."
Darwin says: "Stop laughing!"
Darwin says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I see Mom do this all the time."
Gumball says: "And Dad, on one occasion."
Gumball takes the gum out of his mouth and puts it along Darwin's mustache, then pulls the gum and Darwin's mustache off.
Darwin says: "That feels so much bet-- Aaaaaah!"
Darwin starts growing a bigger mustache and bigger eyebrows.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Both of them have a big mustache and eyebrows with hair on their armpits.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, dude."
Darwin says: "I'm not worried about me!"
Darwin says: "I'm worried about you!"
Darwin says: "You look like a baby werewolf!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Not me!"
Gumball says: "It was better when it was just you!"
Penny says: "Uh, guys, I don't mean to interrupt, but this is the girls' toilet."
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah, sorry!"
Gumball says: "We've got to sort this out."
Gumball says: "Start chewing."
Into Grown Men.
Scene changes to the School Gym where the students are; Gumball and Darwin are completely bald.
Lucy Simian says: "Okay, settle down."
Lucy Simian says: "Everyone, get into your team for dodgeball."
Gumball says: "Oh, no."
Gumball says: "Not dodgeball."
Tina walks up to Gumball and Darwin.
Tina says: "You're going down."
Tina says: "You get the idea."
Everyone gets to their teams and a siren goes off.
Gumball and Darwin get hit by dodge balls and both of them scream in pain.
Gumball says: "The ear!"
Gumball and Darwin still get hit by dodge balls and both of them still scream in pain.
Darwin says: "My ankle!"
Gumball jumps onto Darwin as a bowling ball almost hits Gumball.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "A bowling ball?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Tina laughs maniacally while Gumball gets angry and starts breathing heavily; Tina uses her tail to launch a dodge ball at Gumball.
Tina says: "Catch!"
Gumball says: "Enough!"
Leslie and Alan gasp as Gumball transforms into a grown man and throws the dodge ball back at Tina, causing her to fly out of the gym. Everyone sees what happened to Tina. Gumball then steps forward while everyone looks at Gumball flexing his chest, shoulder and butt.
Leslie​​ says: "Oh!"
Alan pops.
Gumball and Darwin look at each other as grown men.
Gumball says: "Aaaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaaah!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaah, Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaaaah, Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Scene changes to the boys' toilet where Miss Simian is waiting outside and Gumball and Darwin are inside the toilet.
Darwin says: "This is horrible!"
Darwin says: "We're monsters!"
Lucy Simian says: "No, you're not."
Lucy Simian says: "It's just a part of life."
Gumball says: "Are you saying we're grown-ups now?"
Lucy Simian says: "Apparently so."
Gumball says: "Did you hear that?"
Gumball says: "That shooting star worked."
Lucy Simian says: "Now, get back to class!"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute!"
Gumball says: "We don't have to listen to you anymore."
Gumball says: "Because,​  we're men!"
Darwin says: "Because,​  we're men!"