Hunting for Friends.
The episode begins in first person view, through the eyes of an unknown character chasing after students in the corridors of Elmore Junior High. It starts running towards Anton, who manages to hide in his locker, and while looking around spots Banana Joe.
Banana Joe says: "She's hunting again!"
He drops his book and runs away. Alan, who was beside him, lets out a shriek and self destructs, popping himself. Teri screams and slides under a locked door. Tobias' colors flush out as he panics, rendering him invisible enough for her to not notice. The mysterious character then goes after Tina and pulls off her tail, leaving her to run away unbalanced. The next victim, Bobert, is in the schoolyard.
Bobert says: "Self-protection mode."
Metal plates cover Bobert's body as the character's pink hands reach for him. The view switches to third person and reveals Anais attacking an immobile, shielded Bobert. Gumball and Darwin sit on a nearby bench, watching their sister go on a rampage; her next target is Carmen, who notices Anais and gasps.
Gumball says: "Hm, I wonder what Carmen's defense mechanism is."
Anais pounces on Carmen, but is stung by her spines.
Anais says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Oww!"
Gumball says: "Oh, of course."
Anais hisses at her, and runs towards Hector.
Gumball says: "No no no no!"
Gumball says: "Hector's defense mechanism is—"
Hector falls down with a loud crash.
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "playing possum."
Anais says: "It's not working..."
Darwin says: "When I said you need to hunt for friends, that's not what I meant."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you should have gone for the blowgun like I told you."
Gumball says: "More of an element of surprise."
Anais says: "Shh!"
Anais says: "Friend..."
They look ahead and see a lone person who hasn't ran away, sitting on a bench and reading a book. Anais takes a deep breath and prepares to fire a blowgun. Darwin stops her.
Darwin says: "Why don't you just say hi..."
Darwin says: "?"
Anais approaches the stranger hesitantly and suddenly starts yelling.
Anais Makes a Friend.
Anais says: "HI!"
Anais says: "I'M ANAIS!"
Josh says: "HI!"
Josh says: "I'M JOSH!"
Josh says: "DO YOU WANNA BE FRIENDS?!"
Josh says: "!"
Anais says: "YES!"
Anais says: "DO YOU MIND IF I DO A LITTLE HAPPY DANCE?!"
Anais says: "!"
Josh says: "OF COURSE NOT!"
Josh says: "MIND IF I JOIN YOU?!"
Josh says: "!"
They both dance energetically and then stop, smiling at each other awkwardly.
Josh says: "SEE YOU FOR LUNCH!"
Anais says: "OKAY!"
Anais says: "Did you see that?"
Anais says: "He wants to be my friend!"
Gumball says: "Great!"
Gumball says: "How much did he charge you?"
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "That's weird."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Must be after something."
Gumball says: "Did he..."
Gumball says: "look like he needed a new kidney?"
Anais says: "No, he just looked very happy!"
Darwin says: "Did he offer to pack your suitcase the next time you go to the airport?"
Gumball says: "Is he in some crazy wacko organization that worships crystals?"
Gumball says: "Or a space frog?"
Anais says: "There's nothing wrong with him!"
Anais says: "Why can't you be happy for me for just one minute?"
Gumball says: "Ah, you know the old saying: "He who befriends the oddest ball is the creepiest of them all."
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "That's not even a thing, I've never heard of it before."
Gumball says: "That's because, "The saying that you never knew is the one that rings the most true."
Anais says: "Yeah, well, "He who only speaks in quotes often forgets to think for himself."
Gumball says: "Hmm, no."
Darwin says: "Hmm, no."
Darwin says: "Doesn't work."
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's only true if it rhymes."
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Darwin says: "Rude."
The school bell rings. Anais sits next to Josh in the cafeteria, staring at him suspiciously.
Anais says: "So, Josh, tell me more about yourself."
Anais says: "Do you like school?"
Anais says: "Are you into music?"
Anais says: "Have you ever been to prison?"
Josh says: "Yes, yes, and no."
Josh says: "But not necessarily in that order."
Anais says: "Haha, yeah, this is going so well, I hate it..."
Josh says: "What?"
Josh says: "Why?"
Anais says: "Because if you like me there must be something wrong with you!"
Josh says: "Well, to be honest, I do have trouble making friends."
Anais says: "Darn it!"
Anais says: "That's another thing we have in common."
Josh says: "But that's great, isn't it?"
Josh says: "We should hang out this weekend!"
Anais says: "Yes, I genuinely look forward to it."
Anais leaves the table to join Gumball and Darwin in the hallway.
Anais says: "There's bound to be something wrong with him."
Anais says: "Or is there something wrong with me?"
Gumball says: "Hey, it's not him or you!"
Gumball says: "It's both of you."
Anais says: "Ugh, he's too perfect!"
Anais says: "There's gotta be something wrong with him..."
Gumball says: "Just say the word."
Anais says: "Do I have to?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, if you want us to find out what's wrong with him."
Anais says: "Can't you just help me?"
Gumball says: "Say it."
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "BRO SQUAD!"
Anais says: "ACTIVATE!"
Gumball says: "YEAAAAH!"
Darwin says: "YEAAAAH!"
Gumball activates a watch-like device and a transformation sequence starts. A suit and helmet materialize on Gumball and Darwin as they perform a choreography and pose heroically, surrounded by lasers, flowers, and space. The sequence cuts to show them kicking and throwing punches in the air in the hallway while Anais watches, unimpressed. She walks off making fighting poses as well and her brothers follow.
Finding Something Wrong with Josh.
Anais sits at Joyful Burger in the mall. Gumball is wearing a Bavarian costume and a fake moustache.
Anais says: "I still don't get it."
Gumball says: "It's simple."
Gumball says: "To know what a person's really like, just watch how he treats a waiter."
Anais says: "No, I mean, why is Darwin still doing that?"
The camera pans to Darwin, who stands in the middle of the mall, doing the same poses as earlier.
Gumball says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "He just loves the Bro Squad stuff."
Anais says: "Quick, here he comes!"
Josh arrives in the restaurant and sits down in front of Anais.
Josh says: "Hey!"
Josh says: "Thanks for coming."
Gumball says: "Oh, no, Ferzandelerp so sorry!"
Josh says: "That's okay, I had thirsty feet."
Gumball says: "You very funny."
Gumball says: "What is name of you?"
Josh says: "Josh."
Gumball says: "In my language, "Josh" means "toilet paper."
Gumball says: "" Nice meet you."
Josh prepares to shake hands, but Gumball sticks his fingers in Josh's nose.
Gumball says: "This hello from other land."
Gumball says: "What you like order?"
Josh says: "A milkshake."
Gumball says: "Coming right up."
Gumball leaves for a moment and comes back with a drink. Josh sips it and starts to choke.
Josh says: "What is this?"
Gumball says: "A meatshake."
Gumball says: "Shake made of meat."
Gumball says: "You like?"
Josh says: "No no, it's great."
Josh holds back from throwing up and swallows the drink, giving a thumbs up. Gumball throws the drink in his face.
Gumball says: "How dare you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "This means great insult in my country!"
Josh says: "Oh, I'm sorry!"
Josh says: "Which country are you from?"
Gumball says: "New Jersey."
Josh says: "Er..."
Josh says: "Can I get the check, please?"
Gumball places the check on the table.
Josh says: "Here you go."
Josh hands a few bills. Gumball takes it and rips off his fake moustache.
Gumball says: "A-ha!"
Gumball says: "This is where we see who you truly are!"
Gumball says: "Dagnabbit."
Gumball says: "Not one word of complaint and he gave me a fifty percent tip!"
Josh says: "Uh, I'm sorry but who are you?"
Anais says: "My brother."
Anais says: "I'm sorry, he's..."
Anais says: "really weird."
Larry walks up to Josh and Anais' table, glaring at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball is thrown out of the restaurant.
Anais says: "That's..."
Anais says: "my other brother."
Josh says: "Oh, okay."
Josh says: "Any other weird family members I should know about?"
Behind Anais, Richard is complaining to Larry.
Richard says: "But that's outrageous!"
Richard says: "This sandwich is nowhere near as big as advertised!"
Larry says: "I'm sorry, sir, but it does say "not to scale."
Richard says: "Well, I demand to see your manager."
Anais shakes her head for "No.".
Gumball, Darwin, Anais and Josh are walking in the park.
Gumball says: "Guys!"
Gumball says: "Let's play "Spot and Burn!"
Anais says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "A good way to see how mean he really is."
The four sit on a bench and see Billy going down a slide.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "You spot someone, and then you rag on them."
Gumball says: "Like, um, Marvin over there!"
He points a finger at Marvin, who is feeding ducks at a pond.
Gumball says: "My face is so wrinkly that it takes me an hour to pull an expression."
Marvin says: "Hey, I heard that!"
Marvin's expression takes a few seconds to change into a frown. Gumball points at someone else.
Gumball says: "Your turn."
Gumball says: "This guy!"
Josh says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "I'll help you."
Gumball says: "Howdy."
Gumball says: "I wear a giant hat to compensate for..."
Gumball says: "?"
Josh says: "..."
Josh says: "the Sun?"
Gumball frowns in disapproval.
Josh says: "..."
Josh says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "You can go."
Josh says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You're good."
Gumball says: "You can leave."
Josh says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Hm-hm."
Gumball says: "Hm-hm."
Gumball makes a sign for Josh to leave, and he does.
Darwin says: "What now?"
Anais says: "You don't know, do you?"
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "Yeah, he doesn't know."
Darwin and Anais start to walk away.
Darwin says: "How about we set up a situation that tempts him to commit a crime?"
Gumball says: "That's what I was gonna say!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "I wasn't."
Cut to the Watterson kids in the street. Darwin places a wallet on the sidewalk.
Anais says: "Wait."
Anais says: "What if we're wrong about him and he's a genuinely nice guy?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, what would that make us?"
They stop to think for a moment.
Anais says: "Yeah, we're in too deep down, we may as well keep digging and hope we find some dirt."
Anais hides behind a trash can, while Gumball is only hidden by a lamppost. Unable to find a good spot, Darwin just stands behind Gumball.
Anais says: "Can't you find a better hiding place?"
Darwin says: "Hold on, I've got this!"
Darwin pushes an entire bus stop next to Gumball and hides behind it.
Anais says: "Oh, good job!"
Anais says: "That doesn't look suspicious at all!"
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "Here he comes!"
Josh walks by, but doesn't seem to notice the wallet.
Gumball says: "He didn't see it!"
Darwin says: "Draw his attention to it, make a wallet sound!"
Gumball shrugs and takes a deep breath.
Gumball says: "Wallet."
Josh stops, confused.
Darwin says: "That's not the sound a wallet makes!"
Gumball says: "You do it then if you're so—"
Darwin grinds his teeth, making a perfect wallet sound.
Gumball says: "Actually that was really good."
Anais says: "Uh, guys?"
They come out of their hiding spots.
Josh says: "Was that a trap?"
Josh says: "Are you trying to set me up?"
Josh says: "This is what you've been doing all week, isn't it?"
Josh says: "Trying to make me look bad, testing me."
Darwin says: "Aaaand, you passed!"
Darwin imitates a triumphant fanfare, but stops as he notices Josh is not at all convinced.
Josh says: "Anais, did you know about this?"
Anais says: "The real question is this: when you think about it, can you truly know any—"
Anais says: "Yes, I asked them to do it."
Josh says: "Well, it was nice knowing you."
Gumball says: "Eh, we've had worse goodbyes."
Josh says: "Not you, it was nice knowing her!"
Josh says: "It was horrible knowing you two."
Gumball says: "Well!"
Gumball says: "At least it can't get any worse, right?"
A seagull flies by and steals the wallet.
Come Back, Josh.
At school, Gumball and Darwin look out the window, watching Anais play ping pong by herself. They walk into the schoolyard.
Gumball says: "Hey, sis."
Gumball says: "Listen."
Gumball says: "We've been thinking—"
Anais says: "Yeah, I know."
Anais says: "But thanks to you, I messed up a chance to make a friend."
Anais says: "So, here I am!"
Gumball says: "No no, I meant—"
Gumball says: "Y-You know, you can just put one side of the table upright and then play against that."
Anais says: "Yeah, but that wouldn't make you feel bad now, would it?"
Gumball and Darwin walk back inside and come across Josh.
Darwin says: "What do we do now?"
Gumball says: "There's only one solution."
A brief fantasy sequence shows Gumball and Darwin sneaking into the showering stalls with a camera.
Gumball says: "We take some embarrassing photos of Josh, and blackmail him—"
Darwin says: "No, no, no!"
Darwin says: "There must be other solutions."
Darwin says: "We just walk up to him and straight-up lie."
Another sequence starts, where Gumball and Darwin speak to Josh in the schoolyard.
Darwin says: "Josh, you need to give Anais another chance."
Darwin says: "It's her last wish."
Darwin says: "You see, she's suffering from—"
Gumball says: "I got it!"
In yet another sequence, Josh picks up a public phone.
Gumball says: "We kidnapped your pet snake and won't give it back until you agree to be Anais' friend."
Josh says: "But I don't have a pet snake."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "In that case we broke into your house and removed a snake."
Josh says: "Okay..."
Josh says: "?"
Josh says: "Thanks?"
Gumball says: "You're welcome."
The sequence stops.
Darwin says: "Maybe we're just gonna have to apologize."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Just one more!"
Another sequence starts. This time, Gumball swings a pendulum in front of Josh's eyes.
Gumball says: "And when I snap my fingers, you will be friends with Anais."
Darwin says: "There's no way that's gonna work."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Bite me."
Gumball snaps his fingers, and Josh instantly wakes up only to attack him. This ends the fantasy sequence.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "There's only one solution."
Gumball says: "We grovel."
Darwin says: "Okay, let's nip this in the butt while there's still time!"
Gumball starts walking away, but walks back to Darwin.
Gumball says: "Did..."
Gumball says: "you just say "nip it in the butt?"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "It's "nip in the bud," dude."
Darwin says: "No, it's "nip it in the butt."
Darwin says: "" Like a crab!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No, it's—"
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "Whatever."
As Josh closes his locker, Gumball and Darwin stare at him with begging looks. All of sudden, they throw themselves at his feet, crying.
Gumball says: "Please, forgive Anais!"
Josh says: "Please, guys, guys!"
Josh says: "You don't have to do that."
Gumball says: "We don't?"
Josh says: "No!"
Josh says: "If you're willing to go this far for your sister, she must really be worth it."
Another Chance.
In the schoolyard, Anais is still playing ping pong, only this time the ball comes back to her.