Go, Wattersons, Go... Away.
The episode starts with an establishing shot of the Wattersons' house. Anais is going through letters with the rest of the family on the couch.
Anais says: "Bill overdue, final notice, noise complaint, traffic violation, cease and desist, restraining order..."
Anais says: "Dad?"
Anais says: "What are we supposed to do with all this?"
Richard says: "Well..."
The scene changes to Richard in a kitchen advertising paper as a product in the style of an infomercial.
Richard says: "Paper can be used in many creative ways and turned into a lot of interesting things."
Richard says: "Like a duck."
Shows a duck assembled out of paper.
Richard says: "Or fashion."
Richard strikes a pose covered in paper.
Richard says: "Inventions."
Richard is shown with a hat on containing a roll of paper.
Richard says: "And other..."
Richard says: "things."
Shows what appears to be a papier-mâché volcano; cuts back to the Wattersons' living room.
Nicole says: "C'mon!"
Nicole says: "There's gotta be at least one good letter!"
Gumball says: "Actually, yeah!"
Gumball says: "We've got an invitation!"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Darwin rises out of a pile of envelopes on the couch.
Darwin says: "We've never had one of those before!"
Richard says: "That's not true!"
Richard says: "I've been invited to court several times!"
Anais says: "No, it's from the Mayor."
Gumball says: "He wants us to go to the town hall for a surprise?"
Richard says: "Maybe they'll reveal a statue of me!"
Gumball says: "Why would they be making a statue of you?"
Richard says: "I sit a lot, which makes me a pretty reliable life model."
Richard says: "And I'm a great example to people."
Anais says: "They're more likely to make an example of you."
Darwin says: "Maybe they cleared up that legal gray area about whether I'm a feral animal or your child."
Nicole says: "Oh, honey."
Nicole says: "You're the same as all my kids—"
Nicole says: "a combination of both."
Gumball says: "I guess we'll just have to go and find out!"
The Wattersons are shown standing in the town hall. A crowd is chanting in front of them, but they can't see them because of the darkness.
Crowd says: "Go, Wattersons, go!"
Crowd says: "Go, Wattersons, go!"
Gumball says: "I don't want to say I told you so, because I wouldn't be heard over all this cheering."
Gumball says: "So I'll shout it instead."
Gumball says: "I TOLD YOU SO!"
Anais flinches and stares angrily at Gumball, who has a smug smile on his face; the Mayor walks on-stage.
Mayor of Elmore says: "Welcome!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Our social services have decided to offer you a new house."
The crowd cheers.
Anais says: "Impossible."
Anais says: "What's the catch?"
Anais says: "There's always a catch."
Mayor of Elmore says: "There's only a few compulsory addition terms, conditions, and hypothecations."
Mayor of Elmore says: "Or catches, for short."
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Well, the people of Elmore thought you deserved a brand new house in a brand new state with brand new neighbors  a brand new police force to deal with ya, and a brand new court system to prosecute you."
Nicole says: "That sounds more like a punishment than a reward."
Mayor of Elmore says: "No one said it's a reward, they said it's what you deserved."
Nicole says: "But that's, like, banishing us!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Think of it more like witness protection."
Mayor of Elmore says: "We're just protecting people from witnessing you."
The crowd continues to cheer; they suddenly get illuminated by overhead lights, it turns out that they are protesting in an angry manner.
Gumball says: "Kinda feels less encouraging when you can see their faces..."
The Fake-Real Wattersons.
The Wattersons are at home. Anais is looking at the crime map.
Anais says: "They want us to move to Ohio?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "The home state of eight people who became president just so they didn't have to stay living there?!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "I never realized our neighbors hated us so much."
Nicole says: "A few rotten tomatoes in the face, sure, a few "No Dogs or Wattersons" signs in store windows, fair enough."
Nicole says: "The occasional light-hearted arson attack, harsh, but fair."
Nicole says: "But get rid of us?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Anais says: "Let's be honest - we're the only family in town to have somehow committed a crime in every category of misdemeanor."
Richard says: "Go, Wattersons!"
Anais says: "It's not a good thing, Dad!"
Richard says: "If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!"
Anais says: "Just look at this crime map."
Anais says: "All of this is us."
Anais says: "Public nudity..."
A flashback starts. Felicity and Billy are walking past the pool. They see Richard who only has his swimming trunks on and start screaming. Richard, scared and confused, points to his nipples. Felicity nods. Richard pulls his trunks all the way up to his nipples hoping this will cause Felicity to stop screaming. Doughnut Sheriff comes and pushes him into the pool.
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "wasting nine-one-one resources..."
Coffee Cop is working in his office when the telephone rings.
Coffee Cop says: "Nine-one-one dispatch, how can I help?"
Darwin says: "I've got a pain in my chest."
Darwin says: "It's my heart!"
Coffee Cop says: "For the last time, kid, being heartbroken because elephants can't jump is not a medical emergency."
He hangs up and we can see Darwin watching elephants on TV and crying.
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "parking violations..."
Nicole is driving Cartax and looking for a parking space in front of the Mall. She gleefully gasps upon seeing one, but Harold then comes and takes it. He jauntily exits his vehicle while Nicole is staring at him. She then growls angrily. A few moments later we see Harold coming back from the Mall, holding bags of groceries. Cartax was now parked where Harold's car used to be, leaving him confused. He looks in the distance and notices his car destroyed in the trash container.
Anais says: "..."
Anais says: "vandalism..."
Gumball is at the Modern Art Museum, peeing in a urinal. While whistling, he washes his hands in a sink and dries them using a towel. The zoom then reveals that the urinal, the sink and the towel were parts of various sculptures. He then comes to one of the statues, staring at the floor.
Nicole says: "You're right."
Nicole says: "If only people would get to know the real us."
Anais clears her throat and points at Richard who is trying to eat cheese that is on a mousetrap. He sucks the cheese into his mouth and the mousetrap doesn't activate.
Richard says: "Ha!"
Richard says: "Take that, science!"
Gumball says: "I don't think Mom meant the real real us, obviously."
Gumball says: "More like the Elmogram super-filtered avatar that requires forty-five takes to get it as flattering as possible."
Anais says: "So, our fake selves, then?"
Nicole says: "Yes!"
Nicole says: "If people could only get to know the fake-real us."
Nicole says: "Let's show our neighbors how nice we are when we're not being ourselves."
Becoming Model Citizens.
Gumball and Darwin are at Marvin's house, hauling a cabinet across the room.
Marvin says: "Thank you for your help, but please be careful."
Marvin says: "If I get a good price for this cabinet, it's hello, two-week luxury cruise."
Darwin says: "Don't worry, Marvin, I'm sure your cabinet will have a great vacation."
Gumball says: "Okay, Dad, are you ready on your end?"
Richard, Nicole and Anais are standing outside, holding a sheet to catch the cabinet.
Richard says: "Got it!"
Gumball says: "Here it comes."
Gumball and Darwin push the cabinet trough the wrong window, destroying it. Cut to Nicole and Anais in the car.
Nicole says: "That was a long detour, but at least that man got to see his grandmother one last time in Nebraska."
Anais says: "Wait, didn't he say Nevada?"
Nicole and Anais both make shocked faces. Nicole drives the car through the guard rail and goes back the way she and Anais just came. Cut to the school bathroom, Tobias is looking for an open stall, but all of them are occupied. He growls, until Gumball opens his stall door and offers to share the cubicle with Tobias. Tobias stares at Gumball in shock and closes the door. Cut to Mr. Corneille's class.
Moonchild Corneille says: "Who said the object of art is to give life shape?"
Jared says: "Uhh..."
Anais says: "Psst."
Anais makes several body motions. Jared then writes on the board.
Moonchild Corneille says: "That's right, Shakespeare..."
Mr. Corneille notices that Jared's letters are written very strangely, resembling a stick figure. He then notices Anais forming her body into letters to give Jared the answer. Anais returns to normal and sheepishly grins. Mr. Corneille glares at her. Cut to that night, Sal Left Thumb breaks into the Wattersons' house. The lights turn on, and Sal is surprised. He then sees Gumball and Darwin holding their TV towards him. Both of them are making uncanny smiles.
Gumball says: "Here."
Gumball says: "Take it."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ooookay..."
As Sal turns to leave, he yells as he sees Nicole in front of him, making the same uncanny face.
Nicole says: "It came with a two-year warranty."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Oookay."
Richard says: "How about a hug before you go?"
The Wattersons, all still smiling creepily, hug Sal.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Not okay."
Scene cuts to a newspaper spinning into focus, with a photo depicting Richard being bitten by a cobra.
Announcer says: "Local man saves pet cobra from snake charmer's flute!"
Another newspaper spins into focus, this time with a photo of Gumball, in the hospital, giving a thumbs up.
Announcer says: "Local boy stops school bullying by making himself sole target."
Announcer says: "His secret?"
Announcer says: "Sock suspenders."
A third newspaper appears, this one with a photo of Anais holding a ruler near someone's foot.
Announcer says: "Local girl brings metric system to Elmore!"
Announcer says: "Puts end to people measuring things with their feet!"
A fourth newspaper appears, on its cover is a photo of the Wattersons outside their house.
Announcer says: ""Watterson family: not as bad as we thought," says person."
Another newspaper with a picture of Gary being interviewed by Mike appears.
Announcer says: ""I agree with that person," says another person."
A final newspaper, this one without any picture, appears.
Announcer says: "Elmore Times editor fired for obsessive coverage of local family!"
The last newspaper is then pushed downward by Darwin, the background changing to the Wattersons' house.
Darwin says: "It worked, Mother."
Darwin says: "Our efforts succeeded."
Darwin says: "Everybody in the town loves us."
The Wattersons laugh, until suddenly their bodies begin to jerk and twitch.
Gumball says: "What is happening to us!"
Gumball says: "?"
Nicole says: "We went too far!"
Nicole says: "We’re..."
Nicole says: "becoming..."
Nicole says: "model citizens!"
Richard says: "Ahhh!"
Richard says: "My leg!"
Richard says: "My leg!"
Darwin sprouts a dog’s tail and his mouth turns into a dog’s mouth, followed by him howling.
Anais says: "My face!"
Close-up of Anais's mouth twitching and turns into a neater mouth. Back to Nicole, as she is now on the ground with her swollen arm, her head sprouts hair, then it covers up her entire head as it changes color. Then her head tilts up and reveals a new human mother head with a smile while her body is still blue. Outside the Wattersons house, Cartax turns into a fancy car. Back in the house, the Wattersons, now in their human forms, and Darwin, now as a dog, are all staring at each other. Suddenly, the phone rings. Gumball answers the call.
Gumball says: "Howdy-doody-yado?"
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "I have no idea."
Gumball says: "It's like I just washed my mouth out with a choirboy and now it's coming out in dweeb speak."
Darwin says: "Not that!"
Darwin says: "Who was on the phone?"
Gumball says: "Oh, the Mayor."
Gumball says: "He wants us to skippity-hop over to his office."
The Mayor's True Colors.
At the city hall, the Wattersons are in the mayor's office. He turns his chair to face them.
Mayor of Elmore says: "I misjudged you, Wattersons."
Gumball says: "So, you don't want us to leave anymore."
Mayor of Elmore says: "No!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "I want you in my gated community."
Anais says: "Is that some kinda euphemism for prison?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "But look at you now, you've become our new poster family."
Gumball says: "But what about the other neighbors?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "The bank owns their houses."
Mayor of Elmore says: "We just have to make it difficult for them to pay."
Nicole says: "But what'll happen to them?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Should that worry ya?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Well, they didn't really care what was going to happen to you."
Anais says: "What if we say no?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "You can't say no..."
Mayor of Elmore says: "to progress."
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Nicole says: "Hmm..."
Richard says: "Hmm..."
The Wattersons are sadly driving home. As they do so, they revert back to their original forms.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "I guess either way we lose."
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "The people of Elmore might be haters, but they're our haters!"
Richard says: "They're like an old pair of underwear."
Richard says: "Sure, there's not much support there, and sure, they sometimes leave us hanging in the wind."
Richard says: "But they're something we're familiar with, and I, for one, will not have some big corporation forcing me to change my underwear!"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Anais says: "Yeah!"
Nicole says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "That still doesn't answer my question."
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Anais says: "Okay, this is all about house prices, right?"
Anais says: "If we pulled them up once, we can pull them back down."
Nicole says: "The underwear thing had its moment, honey."
Nicole says: "But Anais is right."
Gumball says: "It's like they say; if you truly love something, make it look as ugly as possible to everyone else, so it'll have no choice but to stay with you."
Ruining the City.
A montage begins, accompanied with rock music in the background. Outside of the Tree Librarian's house, Gumball empties a bucket of termites. The termites immediately eat away the house. When the smoke cloud dissipates, the Tree Librarian is then eaten by the termites.
Darwin says: "Is it me, or are these termites a little more hectic than usual?"
At that moment, Mr. Small hops by, promptly ripping off his shirt and screeching wildly. He then bites Tony, and remains there as Tony runs away.
Gumball says: "Hmm, that might be all the bath salts* I've been pouring into the water supply."
At the Wilsons' house, Richard buries a canister full of toxic waste. He rings the doorbell and runs away. Harold answers the door.
Harold​​​​​​ says: "What is going on here?"
Gumball and Darwin are walking down the street, both with smug expressions.
Gumball says: "You know what the biggest sign of a bad neighborhood is?"
Gumball says: "Broken windows."
Gumball throws the pebble at a house. He misses, and the pebble bounces of the house and hits him in the knee.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball growls and throws the pebble again. He gets the same result, this time with the pebble hitting his head, knocking him down. Gumball gets up, growls again, and angrily tosses the pebble away. He turns to face Darwin.
Gumball says: "You know what the biggest sign of a bad neighborhood is?"
Gumball says: "Boarded up windows."
Darwin shrieks as Gumball throws him at the house. Gumball misses once again, causing Darwin to hit the house. Gumball growls again. Meanwhile, Richard is driving down the street with metal spikes roped to back of Cartax, ruining the pavement. Darwin, in the back seat, sprays a jug of weed slayer out the back window, making all the plant life in the front yard of a nearby house wilt. Anais is then seen outside Elmore Junior High, drawing the shape of several dismembered body parts on the sidewalk. She lays an ax near the drawings and walks away whistling. The scene cuts to Nicole pulling a tire off of a car, and promptly rolling it towards Richard. Richard throws it into a fire made up of several other tires. This causes the sun to cough, Richard's teeth to roll back into his mouth, and a pigeon and Mrs. Jötunheim to fall from the sky. Richard then falls over, and the sun falls down as well. Cut to an alley, where Gumball and Sal Left Thumb's shadows can be seen illuminated on a wall. Gumball is holding a bat as he speaks.
Gumball says: "We do this the easy way and nobody gets hurt."
Sal Left Thumb says: "Okay, whatever you say, man!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Just be cool, be cool!"
Gumball says: "You know what I want, right?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Yeah, no problem!"
Cut to Gumball and Sal, Sal hands over a wallet to Gumball.
Gumball says: "I want you to take this bat and go mug people in the neighborhood."
Sal looks at the bat, then smiles evilly. Gumball is then seen falling to the ground, and appears very beaten up. Sal laughs, takes Gumball's wallet, and runs away. Gumball, still in pain, slowly lifts his arm to give Sal a thumbs up. After this, the Wattersons are seen on the outskirts of Elmore. Near Richard is a bin of gasoline. Nicole lights a match.
Gumball says: "This is for you, Elmore."
Nicole drops the match onto a puddle of gasoline that leads back to Elmore. The fire spreads to the city, and causes several explosions.
Elmore is Not for Sale.
The Wattersons are again at the city hall, which appears badly damaged.
Mayor of Elmore says: "Aww, good job!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "There's no point in selling the land anymore, you scared away the rich people!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Bet you guys feel really big, don't ya?"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Picking on the poor, defenseless billionaires."
Gumball says: "Elmore is not for sale!"
Mayor of Elmore says: "Oh, I see."
Mayor of Elmore says: "You mean the lesson in all this is that some things are more valuable than money."
Gumball says: "Exactly."
The Mayor sits in silence before suddenly laughing.
Mayor of Elmore says: "What's that even mean?"
Nicole says: "Laugh if you wish."
The Mayor continues laughing to the point of tears.
Nicole says: "Alright, that's enough."
The Mayor still keeps laughing.
Nicole says: "Okay, you can stop now."
The Mayor continues to laugh, now laying his head on his desk.
Nicole says: "Fine!"
Nicole says: "Laugh all you want, but the decent, honest people of this town will thank us for everything we did to save them."
Cut to Nicole and the rest of the Wattersons in stocks, being pelted with tomatoes. The crowd in front of them once again chants "Go, Wattersons, go!".
Gumball says: "Hmm, you'd think they'd be a bit more grateful than this."
Episode ends.