A Mysterious Box.
The episode starts in the Wattersons' living room. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais, are sitting on the couch, each sibling exhibiting an expression of boredom. The doorbell rings, but when Gumball answers the door, all he finds is a nondescript, sealed cardboard box. Curious, he brings it inside. In the meantime, his parents have entered the room.
Gumball says: "Did anyone order anything?"
Richard says: "Nah."
Nicole says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "Nah."
and Anais says: "Nah."
Richard says: "This was the credit card company's answer when I asked if I can order things online."
Richard holds up the telephone, and hysterical laughter is heard coming from its speaker.
Richard says: "It's been like that for three days."
Richard says: "I think they're working in shifts."
Gumball says: "Well, it was delivered to our door, so..."
Gumball reaches for it, but Anais grabs both of his wrists. A third hand appears from below, slapping him on the cheek.
Gumball says: "Uh-eh?"
Anais says: "Opening other people's mail is a crime!"
Gumball says: "Oh, why is there always a law against everything I wanna do?"
Anais says: "Because the last thing you wanted to do was move into the supermarket so you could eat for free."
Gumball says: "Uh, if the food enters your body and exits it while it's still in the supermarket, it's technically not stealing."
Darwin and Anais says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Am I the only one who wants to open the box?"
Richard says: "Opening other people's mail is like staring at the sun."
Richard says: "The more people tell you you shouldn't do it,  the more you just gotta."
Nicole says: "Richard, we're over here."
Richard says: "Oh, yeah, sorry."
Nicole says: "Now kids, there's plenty of fun things we could do to take our mind off opening the box."
Nicole says: "Just think outside the box."
Nicole says: "Play some music on the boombox, maybe go watch a boxing match,  or just open the box, the box, OPEN THE BOX!"
Richard and Darwin hold Nicole back, despite her frenzied attempt at the parcel. She calms down as soon as Gumball picks the box up and shakes it.
Gumball says: "Wait, I think I know what it is."
Gumball says: "It's a teleportation gun."
Anais says: "How could you possibly know what a fictional object sounds like?"
Gumball says: "Uh, what does a laser sword sound like?"
Richard, Nicole, and Darwin mimic lightsaber noises.
Gumball says: "Case closed."
Gumball says: "Box open."
Anais says: "We're not opening it!"
Gumball says: "Oh come on!"
Gumball says: "Think about how this can benefit society and enrich our lives..."
Gumball's Fantasy.
Gumball is on his bed, reading a comic book, when Nicole brings him a bag of trash.
Nicole says: "Gumball, I told you to take out the garbage."
Putting the book down, he grabs the bag, then pulls out a teleportation gun. With it, he first creates a portal on his bedroom floor, then shoots one out the window, above the trash cans. Gumball sends the bag through, and it lands atop a kid riding by on a tricycle.
Blue Humanoid says: "Ah!"
Next, Gumball and Darwin are on the sofa, playing video games. Having positioned himself so that he is partially sitting inside a portal, Gumball has a smug look on his face. His brother, however, is understandably concerned, as the second portal is located over the toilet.
Darwin says: "I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with this."
Gumball says: "Speak for yourself."
Later, Nicole is washing dishes in the kitchen. Gumball approaches her by placing portals on the floor, one ahead of the other, and passing through them. In the center of the kitchen, he ceases his progression, merely transferring back and forth between the two portals instead.
Gumball says: "Hi, Mom."
Nicole says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I just found a way—"
Gumball says: "to avoid walking."
Nicole says: "Are you sure that thing is safe?"
Gumball says: "I think so."
Gumball says: "What makes you say that?"
Nicole says: "Uh, probably that weird thing on your nose."
A close-up reveals that his nose resembles a humanoid face. Nicole then takes her son to Elmore Hospital.
Bandage Doctor says: "It seems teleportation is dangerously affecting your DNA."
Gumball says: "So you're saying I'm getting superpowers?"
Bandage Doctor says: "Mm, no."
Bandage Doctor says: "That's a rather specific interpretation of what I just said."
Gumball says: "But you're not saying that I won't."
Bandage Doctor says: "Indeed..."
Bandage Doctor says: "But I would say there is a ninety-nine point nine percent chance you will turn into a cyst-like pile of flesh with tongues where there shouldn't be tongues."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Uh, right."
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "I understand."
Bandage Doctor says: "Good."
Bandage Doctor says: "Finally."
Bandage Doctor says: "No-no-no-no!"
Back home, Gumball is alone in his bedroom, when Darwin walks in on him.
Darwin says: "Hey, dude."
Darwin says: "Whoa-ho-ho-hoa!"
Darwin says: "Looks like you've been teleporting..."
Darwin says: "a lot."
Gumball is shown to have undergone a horrific mutation. His face now swollen and covered in pustules, he has also sprouted a third arm, as well as a reptilian tail. An egg emerges from a hole on the side of his head, and drops to the floor.
Darwin says: "Whoa."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "I've been trying to get superpowers."
Gumball says: "I wanted to fly, so I took a bird through the portal."
Gumball says: "But instead, now I can lay eggs."
Gumball says: "Then I tried to get invisibility, so I took a chameleon through,  and now I can lay chameleon eggs."
Gumball says: "And then I tried to get super jump, so I took a frog through, and..."
Darwin says: "Now you can lay..."
Darwin is revolted, as his brother produces a pile of frog eggs and tadpoles.
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah."
Gumball says: "So, uh, I decided to take something that couldn't lay eggs, and..."
Gumball says: "ta-da!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "A laser pointer."
Darwin says: "Did it work?"
Gumball says: "Sure did."
Gumball says: "Check this out."
Gumball says: "Laser vision!"
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "I need to merge with something that looks super cool."
Downstairs at the dinner table, Gumball's family are shying away, disgusted by his insectoid transformation. Spitting a corrosive substance, he dissolves both food and tableware before consuming it via his proboscis.
Richard says: "Okay, wait a minute."
Richard says: "I'm just gonna say what we're all thinking."
Gumball's fantasy ends.
Anais says: "Please do."
Richard says: "Are you gonna finish that fictional food that's on your plate?"
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "Why did you choose to merge with a cockroach?"
Gumball says: "Just imagine what I could do with the powers of a nuclear resistant parasite."
Anais says: "Repel girls even more?"
Nicole says: "Oh, I still don't know what it is, but I know what I wish it was."
Nicole's Fantasy.
The Wattersons gather around the box and open it. Their faces light up with joy over the many stacks of cash contained within.
Nicole says: "Whoo!"
Nicole says: "We're rich!"
Nicole says: "We never have to worry about the end of the month again!"
Gumball says: "I could get a submarine to school every day!"
Darwin says: "But there's no water between here and school."
Nicole holds the box under one arm, then collects her kids with the other.
Gumball says: "We'll buy some!"
Nicole says: "Exactly!"
Nicole carries her kids out the front door and then returns and drags Richard outside.
Richard says: "I can finally call myself retired instead of unemployed!"
Nicole pushes him outside, and they all pile into the car.
Nicole says: "Come on, let's go."
Anais says: "Mom, where are you taking us?"
Nicole says: "You see, such a large amount of cash is bound to belong to somebody shady, and it's very likely they'll—"
Nicole says: "send someone to retrieve it."
The other car pulls up beside them.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "So now we're on the run from a hitman?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Exactly."
Nicole rams the vehicle, causing him to crash into a parked car. She accelerates, putting some distance between them. Up ahead, there is a railroad crossing, its flashing lights and lowered gate indicative of the imminent train. Her family screams as she breaks through the barrier and crosses the tracks just in the nick of time. Having temporarily escaped the hitman, they bunker down for the night at a small motel.
Anais says: "So now we have to live everyday like it's our last?"
Nicole says: "Yes!"
Nicole says: "But isn't that a good philosophy to have?"
Nicole says: "Carpe diem."
The Wattersons are frightened when the hitman punches through the door.
Gumball says: "Get back!"
Gumball says: "Run!"
He unlocks the door and kicks it open, but they have already gone out the window. The family heads into the desert, running for their lives, while the hitman drives after them using a tracker.
Anais says: "I think I know how he's tracking us!"
Richard says: "I'm sorry!"
Richard says: "I'm just so scared!"
Anais says: "What the?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Not that."
Anais says: "There must be some kind of tracking device in the money."
A cliff edge preventing them from going any further, Nicole searches the box for the device. She quickly locates it and hurls it into the chasm. The five of them move off to the side, as the hitman follows the tracker straight over the edge. There is an explosion, and the Wattersons approach the burning wreckage with the hitman trapped inside.
Hitman says: "My employers will never give up."
Hitman says: "There will be another man after me."
Hitman says: "Then another, and another after that."
Hitman says: "You will never find peace."
Nicole says: "Yes, but we're millionaires."
Hitman says: "You'll never get back to your old life."
Hitman says: "You'll be hunted."
Nicole says: "Hunted millionaires."
Hitman says: "You will never be able to trust anyone."
Hitman says: "You'll be fugitives."
Nicole says: "Fugitive millionaires."
Anais frees the box from Nicole's grasp, ending her reverie.
Anais says: "I agree with Mom on one thing."
Anais says: "What's inside this box is clearly evil."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Anais says: "Because history has proven that mysterious containers always bring misery."
Anais says: "Pandora's Box?"
A picture is shown of Pandora opening the infamous box, with human skulls floating out of it.
Anais says: "The Lost Ark?"
A picture is shown of a group of Israelis getting blinded by the light of the ark.
Anais says: "That six-month-old takeout box at the back of the fridge?"
A picture is shown of Richard getting attacked by a hand made of noodles coming out of a Chinese takeaway box.
Anais says: "My point is, what if this box was never meant to be opened?"
Anais says: "What if it was..."
Anais' Fantasy.
A Clipboard Man is in a laboratory, speaking into a video recorder. Behind him, some zombies are trying to find a way inside the room.
Clipboard Man says: "It's been seven weeks since the infection began, and I..."
Clipboard Man says: "I still haven't found a cure."
Clipboard Man says: "They've taken over everything."
Large fires are seen burning throughout Elmore. Somewhere in the city, a group of undead have Gary Hedges trapped in a phone booth.
Clipboard Man says: "Our infrastructure has collapsed, the people are on their own."
Payphone says: "Hello!"
Payphone says: "You have reached the mailbox of  Police Station."
Payphone says: "All our officers are busy consuming flesh of the living at the moment, so please take the law into your own hands."
The zombies break through the glass, swarming Gary as he screams.
Gary says: "Oh, wait up."
They pause, allowing him to hang up the phone and collect his change.
Gary says: "Ah, cool!"
Clipboard Man says: "Most of the population is now contaminated."
Clipboard Man says: "Those that haven't transformed yet were already zombies anyway."
Neck Beard is texting mindlessly, unaware of the world around him. At the school, Tobias fearfully runs to the washroom to hide. He hears a noise from one of the stalls, and backs away as the door opens.
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Ahh!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Huh?"
A pair of legs hops from the toilet seat and leaves the room. Tobias turns to the sink and gasps at the sight of a zombie washing its hands. It looks at him and cackles, then pulls him to the floor.
Clipboard Man says: "The world as we know it is coming to an end."
In outer space, a zombified planet Earth is attempting to bite the moon.
The Moon says: "Get off, get off, get off!"
The Moon says: "Get off, get off, get off!"
Back at the lab, Clipboard Man is still recording himself.
Clipboard Man says: "If only I'd known how the virus got out, maybe the infection could have been prevented."
Clipboard Man says: "How did it all staaa—"
The video cuts to static, leading to a flashback of Richard finding a biohazard container inside the box. In the container is a medical injector gun and several vials of a green liquid.
Richard says: "Oooh!"
Richard says: "Squirt gun!"
Jazz cue plays as a still frame shows Richard playfully spraying his family with the substance, to Anais' horror, and they return to reality.
Anais says: "We have to destroy that box."
Richard says: "I'm sure it's something perfectly normal."
Darwin says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "Like an accordion made outta bread, or a remote controlled trumpet."
Darwin says: "Uh, what?"
Richard's Fantasy.
Richard pulls a cellphone from the otherwise empty box. It immediately rings, and he answers.
Richard says: "Yes?"
Operative says: "Lazarus."
Something triggers within Richard, and he recalls being strapped to a hi-tech chair. A shadowy figure is standing before him.
Operative says: "Our scientists have inserted an implant allowing you to use the capacities of your brain at one-hundred percent, making you the ultimate weapon."
Operative says: "We will now erase your memory and place you under a false identity until it is time for your mission."
Operative says: "Your activation code word is..."
Operative says: "Lazarus."
Operative says: "Your mission is to save the president."
Operative says: "Please hang up."
Operative says: "This phone will self-destruct in ten seconds."
The timer on the cellphone counts down, and Richard accelerates. Up ahead, the president's vehicle is heading towards him. Somewhere in-between, a masked figure prepares to fire a bazooka at the president. Richard drives past him and causes his car to spin out. He skillfully exits the vehicle while it is still in motion, and it acts as a shield to stop the rocket. His phone starts to beep rapidly, and he tosses it at the terrorist, blowing him up. A second masked man charges him, but is quickly dispatched of in hand-to-hand combat.
Richard says: "Mr."
Richard says: "President, are you okay?"
The President says: "I was so scared."
Richard says: "Don't worry, you're safe now."
Dreamy music plays, and they gaze longingly into each other's eyes. Richard pulls him into an embrace, but their imminent kiss is interrupted by Gumball.
Gumball says: "Uh, hang on."
Gumball says: "No offense, Dad."
Gumball says: "It sounds cool that you could use the full power of your brain, but a hundred percent of nothing, is still nothing."
The scenario replays, putting Richard in the driver's seat once more.
Operative says: "Please hang up."
Operative says: "This phone will self-destruct in ten seconds."
Richard says: "No, you hang up."
Operative says: "I'm serious."
Operative says: "Please hang up."
Richard says: "No, you first."
Operative says: "This is a direct order!"
Operative says: "Please hang up!"
Richard says: "All right, we'll do it at the same time."
Richard says: "One..."
Richard says: "two—"
The cellphone explodes in his hand, causing the car spin out like before. However, when Richard tries to get out of the moving vehicle, his seat belt pulls him back in and he is hit by the rocket. He stands up, groans, then runs at the masked man who is going after the president.
Richard says: "Stop!"
Richard says: "No, wait!"
The other terrorist taps him on the back. Richard turns around, and is punched in the face. He blacks out, returning to the living room.
Richard says: "We need to get this box back to the right person!"
Richard says: "The president has to be saved!"
Richard says: "And kissed!"
Darwin's Fantasy.
Darwin says: "What if it was just a box?"
Gumball says: "That would be a huge letdown."
Whimsical music plays in the background.
Darwin says: "Think about it."
Darwin says: "A cardboard box could be a spaceship."
Darwin says: "A time-machine."
Darwin says: "A pirate boat fighting a giant squid, if you look at it through the eyes of a kid..."
The camera starts to tilt up, but Gumball intervenes, putting an end to the song.
Gumball says: "I said it would be a huge letdown!"
Darwin says: "I don't care what's inside it, I just want the box."
Anais says: "We need to destroy it!"
Richard says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I saw it first!"
Nicole says: "It's mine!"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Shouting indistinctly, the Wattersons fight for the box, and in the process it is thrown through the picture window. Their battle continues outside in the pouring rain, until a flying kick from Nicole sends the parcel onto the street. The family watches from the sidewalk as numerous vehicles pass by. Together, they gasp, then sigh in relief after each near-miss. But just as the traffic clears, a bolt of lighting obliterates the box and its contents and the Wattersons frown.
Mystery Solved.
Eventually, the rain stops, after which someone rings their doorbell. Gumball opens the door, gasps, then runs to give Mr. Robinson a hug.
Gumball says: "My favorite."
Gaylord says: "Have you guys received a package by any chance?"
Gaylord says: "I told 'em to leave it here if I wasn't home."
Gumball is instantly joined by the rest of his family, and they all gasp in unison.
Nicole says: "Oh, uh, I don't think so."
Gaylord says: "Eh, never mind."
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Maybe we opened it by mistake..."
Gumball says: "What was inside?"
Gaylord says: "You don't wanna know."
Gumball says: "Trust me, we really do."
Gaylord says: "Okay, you know that rough skin you have on your elbow?"
Gaylord says: "Well imagine that, but a bit scalier, and spreading over your entire..."
Gaylord says: "place that should be soft."
Gaylord says: "Now, imagine if that skin also got marinated in vinegar and microwaved, and hair somehow got trapped under a layer of that skin, and the hair kept growing."
Gaylord says: "Under this kinda blister that's sort of filled with some butter-colored oily matter, and then it starting sweating, kinda like cheese, but on live meat, until it hardened into a flaking crust."
The Wattersons are speechless, sharing a look of revulsion.
Gaylord says: "Well, the box had some cream in it for that."
Gumball says: "You're right, we didn't wanna know."
Episode ends.