The Doldrums of January.
Mr. Small walks by the Wattersons' house, depressed.
Narrator says: "'Twas the middle of January in old Elmore Town, and everyone was feeling quite down."
Mr. Small lies down on the sidewalk. A sad bird falls into the chimney.
Narrator says: "The year's first month is depressing and grim, with Christmas all over and light growing dim."
Narrator says: "With naught to celebrate no holiday cheer, you'll find no joy at this time of year."
Richard goes out to take out the trash, but throws himself in the bin instead.
Narrator says: "Except for one little boy, whose color is blue."
The scene cuts to the house's table, where Gumball gapes with despair.
Narrator says: "No."
Narrator says: "Wait a minute."
Narrator says: "He was down, too."
Anais says: "What's up?"
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "I hate January!"
Gumball says: "I'm so depressed, I can't even bother to move my mouth when I talk."
Anais says: "I know."
Anais says: "Even the word sounds depressing."
Anais says: "Januareeeeeeh."
Anais says: "Eh."
Gumball says: "How long till next Christmas?"
Anais says: "Three-hundred and forty-nine days."
Anais says: "That's two-hundred and twenty-seven days of school, three-hundred math classes, and seven-thousand time checks waiting for the day to end."
Gumball says: "We need a new holiday!"
Anais says: "Like a made-up celebration?"
Anais says: "Like Grandparents Day or Valentine's Day?"
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "We invent our own holiday, and everybody will be happy!"
Narrator says: "The little boy smiled, and the sadness diminished."
Narrator says: "But I'd be out of a job if this story were finished."
Anais says: "So what should we call it?"
Gumball says: "How about "Fun day"?"
Anais says: "Gumball, nothing that calls itself "fun" ever is: fun-sized, fun run, fungus."
Gumball says: "What about Dependence Day?"
Anais says: "Yay!"
Anais says: "Where we all celebrate our lack of freedom."
Gumball says: "What about Wig Tide?"
Anais says: ""Wig Tide?"
Anais says: "" That's not a bad name."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Anais says: "Yeah, for a bald surfer!"
Gumball says: "Danke Party, Schnitzel Time, Googoo Bash, Sluzzle Tag!"
Darwin walks in, animated in black and white like an old 1930's rubber hose cartoon.
Darwin says: "What's "Sluzzle Tag?"
Gumball says: "Only the best day of the year!"
Anais says: "What's going on with you, anyway?"
Darwin says: "I haven't seen the sun for so long, I've lost all my color."
Darwin says: "I'm so depressed!"
Gumball says: "Then why are you dancing?"
Darwin says: "I think I've got the shakes."
Gumball says: "Don't be depressed to behave like a drag, for everyone knows today's Sluzzle Tag!"
Narrator says: "Uh, I'm the one here who does all the rhymes, so wait for your own… times."
Narrator says: "And so was born the Sluzzle Tag lie."
Narrator says: "Now all the boy needed was the town to comply."
On the Way to School.
On the school bus, Gumball explains Sluzzle Tag.
Darwin says: "So, what happens on Sluzzle Tag?"
Gumball says: "And there's a feast, and we all share the spirit of, uh, Sluzzle Dude."
Darwin says: "Sluzzle Dude?"
Darwin says: "What does he look like?"
Gumball says: "Uh, he's got a beard, sneakers, and a leather coat."
Darwin says: "Is that all he's wearing?"
Darwin says: "It sounds like he should be running from the police."
Gumball says: "No, man, he's really cool."
Gumball says: "That's why they call him "dude."
Gumball says: "" He brings us all presents."
Darwin says: "In a sleigh?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, there's no snow, so he drives his..."
Gumball says: "magic van."
Darwin says: "With reindeer?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Pssh!"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "He's too cool for that."
Gumball says: "He's got some, uh..."
Gumball says: "Dobermans!"
Darwin says: "What are their names?"
Gumball says: "Uh, Trasher, Smasher, Rancid, Rage Slayer, and Rabies."
Darwin says: "Are you sure Sluzzle Dude is a nice guy?"
Darwin says: "Because he sounds pretty metal."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but you know metalheads, they pretend to be hardcore, but they're just hippies who like leather."
Darwin says: "Cool!"
Darwin says: "So do we get a day off school?"
Gumball says: "Of course."
Everyone gathers around Gumball.
Rocky says: "Tell us more."
Rocky says: "How does he get into houses?"
Gumball says: "Through the toilet."
Darwin says: "Ew!"
Darwin says: "Why?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, dude."
Gumball says: "He doesn't want to get covered in soot."
Rocky says: "And what kind of music do you play on Sluzzle Tag?"
Gumball says: "Grindcore."
Banana Joe says: "What's grindcore?"
Rocky says: "Grindcore goes a bit like this."
Rocky says: "Raah!"
Rocky says: "Raah rah-rah raah!"
Rocky says: "Rah-rah-rah-rah-rah-rah!"
Rocky says: "It's important not to mix it up with black metal, which is more like..."
Rocky says: "Raaaaaaah!"
Rocky says: "Another common mistake is to confuse it with Viking metal, which sounds more like banging a trash can with an axe."
Banana Joe says: "Thanks, Rocky, uh, but aren't you supposed to be driving the bus?"
Rocky says: "Yeah, but I'd rather talk about Sluzzle Tag."
The kids scream while the bus drives itself directly into a right turn. Miss Simian is seen sipping coffee in her classroom, until the bus crashes into the room and surprises her. The students come out.
Sarah says: "Happy Sluzzle Tag, Miss Simian!"
Lucy Simian says: "What does that mean?"
Darwin says: "It means we get the day off school, and we get presents from Sluzzle Dude!"
Lucy Simian says: "That sounds like complete megaloney."
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Lucy Simian says: "It's baloney times a thousand."
Mister Small​ Off-screen No, it's true!
He reveals himself, with his face taped into a smile.
All says: "UGH!"
Lucy Simian says: "What's with the tape?"
Mister Small​ says: "It's been so depressing I forgot how to smile and so did my facial muscles, so I improvised."
Mister Small​ says: "But since it's Sluzzle Tag, I don't need this anymore."
He takes off the tape, which also pulls of some of his fluff revealing his real face underneath.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, get a grip!"
Lucy Simian says: "Sluzzle Tag is a lie!"
Lucy Simian says: "Isn't it obvious?"
Nigel Brown says: "No!"
Nigel Brown says: "It's a legitimate holiday!"
Miss Simian opens a drawer, and sees Principal Brown inside it. He gets up vampire style.
Nigel Brown says: "Mazelbrag originated from some country where they do things."
Gumball says: "It's Sluzzle Tag."
Nigel Brown says: "I was using the original, um..."
Nigel Brown says: "P-P-Prussian dialect."
Lucy Simian says: "What are you doing in there?"
Nigel Brown says: "I was so sad, I tried to hibernate till spring, but it turns out that whatever I am doesn't do that."
Nigel Brown says: "Anyway, everyone gets a day off."
Nigel Brown says: "Jolly Sluzzle Tag!"
Nigel Brown says: "Bye!"
Everyone leaves Miss Simian merrily.
Lucy Simian says: "Wait."
Lucy Simian says: "Get back here!"
Lucy Simian says: "This is a school day!"
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm."
Lucy Simian says: "I will prove to you there is nothing to be happy about in January."
Narrator says: "'Twas then that Miss Simian knew just what to do."
Narrator says: "She'd make people see Sluzzle Tag was untrue."
Shopping.
Gumball, Darwin and Richard pass by some Sluzzle Tag carolers, and enter the mall.
Gumball says: "Dad, where did you get that sweater?"
Richard says: "From the Sluzzle market."
Gumball says: "There's already a Sluzzle market?"
Richard says: "Where do you think I bought the toilet decorations?"
Richard says: "LA LA LA LA LA, LA LA LA LA!"
Richard says: "Haha."
Darwin says: "So, what do we eat for the Sluzzle feast?"
Gumball says: "O-oh, yeah, um…  Ask me again."
Darwin says: "What do we eat for the Sluzzle feast?"
Gumball says: "Baby dog paste."
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Just kidding."
Gumball says: "Classic Sluzzle Tag joke."
Gumball says: "We eat junk food --the worst you can think of."
Richard says: "The worst I can think of?!"
Richard says: "!"
He starts summoning up food.
Richard says: "By the power of cheese!"
Richard says: "It's a sausage with everything in, and on it."
Darwin says: "Ugh!"
Darwin says: "Each slice of that thing has enough calories to get us to next Sluzzle Tag."
Richard says: ""Slice"?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Don't you dare carve up a masterpiece."
Richard says: "I'm gonna make five."
Scene changes to the counter.
Larry says: "Please swipe your card, sir."
Richard says: "What the?!"
Richard says: "!"
His card is sucked of all its value and color.
Richard says: "Something's sucking my card dry!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "How much was this?"
Larry says: "Seven-hundred and seventy-five dollars."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "For five Sluzzle-wursts?"
Richard says: "You vampires!"
Larry says: "I'm sorry, sir."
Larry says: "Sluzzle Tag prices."
Richard says: "But what about the milk of Sluzzle Tag kindness?"
Larry says: "That'll be in the dairy aisle at a hundred and eighty-nine ninety nine a bottle."
Richard says: "Fine!"
Richard says: "We'll take two."
Gumball, Darwin and Richard pass by the same Sluzzle Tag carolers, as they exit the mall. Richard grabs their cup, and eats its contents.
Richard says: "Thank you."
Miss Simian is seen hiding near the carolers.
Celebrating Sluzzle Tag.
Many citizens are shown waiting at their decorated bathrooms in excitement.
Narrator says: "The townsfolk rejoiced as nighttime fell."
Narrator says: "The Sluzzle Tag spirit had them under its spell."
Gumball decorates the toilet of his family's bathroom with an electric guitar.
Darwin says: "Wait."
Darwin says: "What if Sluzzle Dude is hungry?"
Nicole says: "We can leave him some milk and cookies."
Darwin says: "Good idea."
Gumball says: "Well, that cuts out the middle man."
Miss Simian watches them through a window on a ladder.
Lucy Simian says: "I'm watching you."
She gestures to them. Her fingers bump into the closed window, and she ends up falling down. Cuts to the Wattersons eating Sluzzlewursts for dinner.
Anais says: "Dad, this Sluzzle-wurst is so fatty, I'm sweating butter."
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Butter!"
All says: "Ahhh."
Anais slips from them, and launches into the ceiling and back down.
In the living room….
Gumball says: "Let's watch the Sluzzle Tag special."
Skeleton kid says: "Jolly Sluzzle Ta—"
The TV screen abruptly cuts to a lost signal image with a sad X-eyed face.
TV says: "Unfortunately, animation is a lengthy process, and that's all we've had time to make."
TV says: "Jolly Sluzzle Tag."
Nicole says: "Oh well."
Nicole says: "I think it's time for bed, guys."
In the bedroom, Nicole and Richard dressed in rock outfits greet Gumball, Anais and Darwin, who already in bed.
Darwin says: "I can't wait to see what Sluzzle Dude brings me."
Gumball says: "Me too."
Darwin says: "Jolly Sluzzle Tag."
Gumball says: "Good night, buddy."
Saving Sluzzle Tag.
Gumball closes his eyes only to be interrupted by Anais.
Anais says: "So, what are you gonna do now?"
Narrator says: "As all in the land lay happy in slumber, the little boy realized his Sluzzle Tag blunder."
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Anais says: "Sluzzle Dude is supposed to give presents to everyone in Elmore."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Anais says: "And you made him up."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Anais says: "So who's gonna bring all of the presents?"
Gumball says: "Well, Sluzzle Dude will, of course."
Gumball says: "D'oh."
Gumball says: "I see what you mean now."
Narrator says: "Well, he realized eventually."
In the living room, Gumball panics.
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh!"
Gumball says: "WHAT HAVE I DONE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Think about how upset everyone's gonna be when everything I promised doesn't come true!"
Gumball says: "It'll be like..."
Imagines Earth blowing up.
Anais says: "I think you're being overdramatic."
Anais says: "It'll be more like..."
Imagines a clay model version of Gumball being smashed up.
Anais says: "Okay!"
Anais says: "I'll help you!"
Anais says: "Just stop singing!"
Gumball says: "Oh, thank gosh."
Gumball says: "I don't think I could've gone any higher."
Lucy Simian says: "Yeah, I've got you now, Watterson."
She attempts to take a picture only to be slammed in the face by the door. Gumball runs out.
Anais says: "Gumball, you just broke the door!"
Anais says: "It's supposed to open inwards, you know."
Miss Simian collapses from being stuck on the door.
Narrator says: "To save Sluzzle Tag, they ran and they ran."
Narrator says: "Only one thing was missing and that was a plan."
Frozen in the middle of running, Anais and Gumball fall on their faces. Gumball gets up, and runs again.
Anais says: "No, wait!"
Anais says: "Stop running!"
Anais says: "We need a plan!"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Anais says: "Actually, no."
Anais says: "Carry on."
Anais says: "Running helps you think."
Anais says: "Okay."
Anais says: "First, we're gonna need presents."
Anais says: "Luckily, trash cans are full of all the lame Christmas gifts people pretended to like, like that treadmill mom bought for dad."
Anais says: "Just grab that."
Gumball runs while carrying the treadmill with Anais running on it.
Gumball says: "Something about this doesn't feel right."
Scene skips to Banana Joe brushing his teeth. The toilet suddenly opens up, and a treadmill bursts through it, sending it flying through the ceiling.
Banana Joe says: "Wow!"
Banana Joe says: "I guess."
Banana Joe says: "Thanks for the treadmill, Sluzzle Dude!"
The toilet falls on the operational treadmill, and squishes Banana Joe. Then other citizens get their presents.
Narrator says: "So, the blue boy turned his wrongs into right, leaving everyone garbage on Sluzzle Tag night."
In Tony's bathroom, Gumball quickly goes back into the toilet as the mentioned person uses it.
Narrator says: "Until that guy there went and flushed his own toilet."
Narrator says: "So they snuck into homes but with joy in their heart, so we'll try to ignore the not-so legal part."
Gumball and Anais are shown breaking into other people's houses. In one, Gumball prepares to cut down a door with an axe.
Anais says: "Gumball, this is our home."
Gumball says: "Then the door's already broken."
Anais says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "Hyah!"
In their bathroom, Darwin is seen sleeping. They then sneak a present beside the toilet. Then Miss Simian takes a snapshot of them sneaking the present. Darwin wakes up.
Narrator says: "But just when they thought it was all in the bag, an evil force came to spoil Sluzzle Tag."
Lucy Simian says: "See?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Darwin says: "Who's that?"
Miss Simian sees that the photo she is showing is a photo of her butt.
Lucy Simian says: "Never mind."
Narrator says: "It was an attempt, although unrefined, to see what her backside looked like from behind."
Lucy Simian says: "See?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Gumball and Anais cover their ears.
Narrator says: "We'll save you the pain of how loud Darwin's sound was."
Narrator says: "Just imagine the scream of a million Chihuahuas."
Richard says: "What was that?!"
Nicole says: "What was that?!"
Richard says: "!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Sounds like someone put their tail in the deep-fat fryer."
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Or they stepped on the toes of the world's worst choir."
Jackie​​​​​​ says: "Or a pack of hyenas in a fight with a rat."
Narrator says: "Yeah, whatever."
Narrator says: "Something like that."
The Truth.
Citizens gather up in the bathroom.
Gumball says: "Uh, I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "Sluzzle Dude doesn't really exist."
Gumball says: "Made him up."
Gumball says: "I made the whole holiday up."
Narrator says: "Though you may think his crime unforgivable, the young boy was blessed by a Sluzzle Tag miracle."
Everyone except for Miss Simian sighs in relief.
Banana Bob​​​​​ says: "To be honest, I kind of knew it was a lie all along."
Nicole says: "It was kind of weird when I saw a snowman wearing studded leather pants."
Darwin says: "Yeah, I knew, too."
Darwin says: "I just really needed something to get me through January."
Darwin says: "Even you, Miss Simian."
Lucy Simian says: "Ah!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ah!"
Lucy Simian says: "A hideous gadget that I'll never use."
Richard says: "Who would ever throw that away?"
Lucy Simian says: "I did."
Lucy Simian says: "Sorry, Nigel."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, it's alright."
Nigel Brown says: "I hated yours, too."
Narrator says: "The end of our story is now drawing nigh, and the Sluzzle Tag moral is not hard to spy, that when life is tough and joy hard to come by, most people are happier believing a lie."
Fades into black, and then the episode ends.