Breakfast.
At the dining table….
Gumball says: "BREAKFAST!"
Darwin says: "BREAKFAST!"
Nicole gives them Natura Cereals.
Gumball says: "What the what is this?"
Gumball says: "It looks medieval prison food!"
Nicole says: "It's cereal."
Nicole says: "Real cereal."
Darwin says: "What's wrong with Smash-mallows?"
Nicole says: "I've read the back of the box."
Nicole says: "This is so unhealthy that by the time you guys turn thirteen, your double chins will be touching your cankles."
Gumball says: "At least the mascot doesn't look like a cowboy goat with high blood pressure."
Darwin says: "Please, Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom."
Darwin says: "This cereal's so bleak that if it was a movie, it would be Danish."
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, but the Smash-mallows are going in the trash, and that's that."
Nicole says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Thank you, Mom."
Gumball says: "Thank you for having the courage to sometimes say "no."
Gumball says: "" One day, I'll look back at moments like this, and say: I had a good mother!"
Nicole says: "Boys."
Nicole, and her children hug.
Nicole says: "I love you."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "What'd you get?"
Darwin says: "Not much."
Darwin says: "You?"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I don't think we're ever going to see Smash-mallows again."
Gumball says: "So we gotta make the most of these."
Darwin says: "How?"
Skips to them in the kitchen with their cereals in bowls.
Gumball says: "We exercise as we eat."
They do as said.
Gumball says: "That way, the blood rushes to your head, and you get more of a sugar rush!"
Darwin says: "Are you feeling anything?"
Gumball says: "Mostly acid reflux."
Cut to them on sofa.
Gumball says: "If we eat then stand on our heads, the sugar will rush to our brains faster due to gravity."
They eat rapidly, then stand upside-down.
Darwin says: "It's not working."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Scene shifts to them back a the table.
Gumball says: "We ingest it through the eye."
Gumball says: "It's way closer to the brain, and the sugar rush will kick in faster."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Like rub it in?"
Gumball says: "Nah silly."
Gumball says: "Like this."
He eats his cereal with his eyelids. Darwin copies him.
Gumball says: "Getting anything?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Yeah, me neither."
Suddenly, they are sucked into space, and zoom through the stars.
Darwin says: "Dude, this cereal is amazing!"
A colored outline of the cereal's box appears, then fades.
Darwin says: "Who invented it?"
Gumball says: "People!"
The outline of a head with the brain appears, then zooms out.
Gumball says: "People invent everything."
Gumball says: "Like at some point, a guy was sitting down, and he invented the mustache."
A gold mustache flies through them.
Darwin says: "And then one day, some guy saw rotting milk on the floor, and he was like "hey, that smells like feet!"
A colored foot appears, and again zooms away.
Darwin says: ""I should put it in my mouth!"
Darwin says: "" Boom!"
Darwin says: "Invented cheese!"
Gumball says: "What are we gonna invent?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "Does it matter if we achieve anything?"
Gumball says: "I guess not!"
Gumball says: "Look at pigeons."
A colored wireframe model of a pigeon appears, then zooms away.
Gumball says: "They don't get anything done."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "What's the point of their lives?"
Suddenly they stop flying through space, and gasp.
Gumball says: "What's the point of our lives?"
Darwin says: "What's the point of our lives?"
They snap back to reality. Gumball almost drowns in a fountain. He gets out, dressed in a tutu.
Gumball says: "I will find out!"
Cut to Darwin, on top of a streetlight.
Darwin says: "And I'll help you!"
He slides down, revealing that he is chained to the streetlights with a pair of pink fuzzy handcuffs.
Darwin says: "As soon as I find away to get rid of these handcuffs, and this thing on my BUTT!"
The Quest for Life's Meaning.
The two walk through the streets.
Gumball says: "Oh man."
Gumball says: "That's a big question."
Gumball says: ""What is the meaning of life?"
Darwin says: "Who could answer such a question?"
Gumball says: "Well, nobody here."
Gumball says: "We better ask around."
They walk away. From a very far distance, Mr. Small is seen running towards them.
Mister Small​ says: "Guys!"
Mister Small​ says: "Wait!"
Mister Small​ says: "I've got the answer!"
Mister Small​ says: "GUYS, I've got the answer!"
In Ripley 2000...
Gumball says: "Larry, what do you think the meaning of life is?"
Larry says: "Hmmm… work!"
Larry says: "It's important to be useful."
Larry says: "Look at me!"
Larry says: "I got it all figured out."
Larry says: "I get up, I shower, I come to work, I work all day, I go home, I go to sleep!"
Larry says: "I get up, I shower, I come to work, I work all day, I go home, I go to sleep!"
Karen comes out of the manager's office.
Manager says: "Needlemeyer!"
Manager says: "What do you think you're--?!"
Manager says: "!"
Still talking, Larry leaves the shop. Gumball and Darwin follow.
Larry says: "I shower, I come to work, I work all day, I go home, I go to sleep."
Mister Small​ says: "Hey!"
Larry accidentally hits Mr. Small with the Robinson's car, and drives off with Gumball and Darwin. Mrs. Robinson enters the space where the driver's seat used to be, then drops to the ground. Larry stops at a beach.
Larry says: "I get up, I shower, I come to work, I work all day, I go home, I go to sleep."
Larry says: "I get up, I shower, I come to work, I work all day, I go home, I go to sleep."
Gumball says: "Eh, seems to work for him."
Gumball says: "But I feel like there might be a little more to life than that."
Cut to Alan.
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Yes, there is!"
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "You see, I believe, the meaning of life is to be good to others because if you help someone, then one day, they might help someone else, and the world will be a better place."
The scene zooms out, showing Julius and Mowdown trashing Alan's lemonade stand. Gumball and Darwin are raising their hands.
Julius says: "Right."
Julius says: "We trashed your stuff, now let's knock your block off!"
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Please."
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Allow me."
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Please, show a little charity..."
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "Help me!"
Julius and Mowdown glare at them.
Gumball says: "Well, charity begins at home… which is where we're going right now."
They slide away.
Family Knows Best?
The scene cuts to their house, then to the boys asking Nicole while she is gardening.
Gumball says: "Mom, what do you think the meaning of life is?"
Nicole says: "Or having a family!"
Nicole says: "It's pretty much the same."
Gumball inhales sharply, and they walk away, frightened. The next scene shows them with Richard in the kitchen who takes out a block of butter from the refrigerator.
Richard says: "The meaning of life?"
Richard says: "Well, I've dedicated my life to the indulgence of the senses."
Richard says: "A feeling of total satisfaction and pleasure is the highest form of existence."
Richard scoops the block of butter, makes a sandwich out of it, and eats it whole.
Gumball says: "That just sounds like stuffing your face."
Richard says: "Yeah, but philosophically."
Darwin says: "You do look philosophical in your toga."
Richard says: "This is not a toga!"
Richard says: "It's a full body bib."
Gumball says: "Not quite a full body, unfortunately."
The boys sneak up on Anais. Anais puts down the book she's reading with annoyance.
Anais says: "Ugh..."
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What's the meaning of life?"
Anais says: "To understand the meaning of life, you need to better yourself by learning as much as you can."
Darwin says: "So you can answer any other question?"
Anais says: "Absolutely."
Gumball says: "Like "would you rather kiss a dog, or have a baby drool in your mouth?"
Darwin says: "Or "would you rather have foot-hands, or hand-feet?"
Gumball says: "Or "how long would a person survive just by eating their own hair?"
Darwin says: "What you doing?"
Anais says: "In just three sentences, you proved that I don't want to know everything."
Anais says: "If my quest for knowledge is pointless,  then I might as well go for the second best option."
Gumball says: "And what's that?"
Anais says: "Blissful ignorance."
Ask Mother Nature.
In the forest of doom….
Darwin says: "Gumball, what are we doing here?"
Gumball says: "Who's better qualified to know the meaning of life than mother nature herself."
Gumball says: "Let's ask this little squirrel."
Gumball makes "squirrel" noises to a squirrel nearby. The squirrel slaps him.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "What did I say?"
Darwin says: "You just said he was nuttier than his own droppings."
Darwin says: "Let me try."
The squirrel nods, and begins a song.
Squirrel says: "The meaning of life has a single rule, I know it makes sense though it may seem cruel."
Bird says: "Alas, poor snake!"
Bird says: "His life was fleeting."
Bird says: "For the meaning of life is to eat or be—"
Small creature says: "the meaning of life is to eat or be—"
Gumball and Darwin are terrified.
Large creature says: "For dessert!"
The boys leave in a flash.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Wait, kids!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I got the answer!"
The large creature growls at him. From the distance, Mr. Small screams. Gumball and Darwin run to the cemetery.
Gumball says: "I think we're safe now."
A zombie's hand emerges from a nearby grave. Gumball screams.
Darwin says: "Oh hi."
Darwin says: "So, since you've been there and done it, maybe you could help us out with the question: what's the meaning of life?"
Zombie says: "You have to live life to the fullest, dude."
Zombie says: "Look at me, I've done it all."
Gumball says: "Is that all you did?"
Zombie says: "Well, yeah."
Zombie says: "I was eighteen, so… yeah."
Darwin says: "And how was it?"
Darwin says: "You know, your life?"
Zombie says: "Aw man."
Zombie says: "It was really good for seventy seconds, and then really, really, really, really, really bad for a couple of seconds."
Gumball says: "How is that living life to the fullest?"
Zombie says: "Think about it: would you rather live life to the fullest for seventy seconds?"
Zombie says: "Or live a boring life for seventy years?"
Gumball says: "Seventy years."
Darwin says: "Seventy years."
Gumball says: "Straight up."
They leave.
Zombie says: "No no no no no no!"
Zombie says: "Don't go, it's boring here!"
Zombie says: "Come back!"
Zombie says: "Darn."
Zombie says: "Aw, now you work."
The scene skips to Gumball skipping stones.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Skipping stones."
Gumball says: "It's what people do when they're down."
Darwin says: "Uh yeah, not but usually indoors."
Gumball skips another stone. The stone hits Rocky on the other side of the pool, and he falls into the water. Coach walks up to them.
Coach  Russo says: "What are you two doing?"
Gumball says: "We're bummed out because we can't find the true meaning of life."
Coach  Russo says: "The meaning of life is to find yourself."
Darwin says: "Have you found yourself?"
Coach  Russo says: "Not yet."
Coach  Russo says: "But I'm in here."
Coach  Russo says: "Somewhere."
Gumball says: "Then how are we supposed to find ourselves?"
Coach  Russo says: "To find yourself, you will need to walk through the hottest dessert, cross the most dangerous seas, climb the highest mountain."
Coach  Russo says: "Then once at the top, you will know."
As she speaks, Gumball and Darwin are visualized. The surf a wave, and climb a high mountain.
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "I know what I am!"
Gumball says: "I'm lazy!"
Gumball says: "I don't have to climb a mountain to figure that out."
The scene shows Mr. Small on top of the same imaginary mountain.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "What?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Wait, you mean none of this was real?"
Your Life Just Doesn't Count.
Back in the roads, Gumball sighs and falls down. But his head makes him roll over his back.
Gumball says: "Why isn't anyone able to answer our question!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Tell me universe, WHAT IS THE MEANING OF LIFE?"
Camera zooms from the Earth, and out into the Solar System.
Uranus says: "Hey guys, quick!"
Uranus says: "I think someone's in need of a cosmic answer."
Neptune says: "Let's explain the meaning of his pitiful existence to him in the form of a feel good song!"
Venus says: "A-one."
Jupiter says: "Two."
Mercury says: "Three!"
And your life is full of doubt,.
Your life just doesn't count!
Jupiter says: "But to an ant, it's ten feet tall."
Saturn says: "But to an ant, it's ten feet tall."
So we'll offer some perspective.
But Earth can seem quite skinny next to Neptune's mighty girth!
Neptune says: "Oi..."
Earth says: "Relax!"
If you're thinner or you're fatter.
Remember in the scheme of things.
Your life just doesn't matter.
Now the Sun can make us all feel small.
But that's just in the Solar System.
Bigger things than that exist.
The Milky Way.
The galaxy.
And don't forget the universe.
They're huge compared to you or us.
Irrelevant, a speck.
Upon the dark side of that rock.
You're just a measly little fleck.
Your life may last a century.
On Earth, or maybe quicker.
But up here, a hundred years is just a flash, a blip, a flicker!
Think you've got a problem.
When your life is full of doubt,.
Remember in the scheme of things.
Your puny, little, tiny, weeny, meager, futile, worthless, teeny, boring, foolish, pointless, minimal, wretched, gloomy, bleak, and pitiful.
Life just does not count!
Back on Earth, Gumball and Darwin watch the sun. The sun speaks in super slow motion.
The Sun says: "When you think you've got a problem and your life is full of doubt."
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "What's that all about?"
Gumball says: "Don't know, but the joke's on them."
Planets says: "…life just does not count!"
The Sun says: "Hey, you know that kid four point seven five billion years ago?"
Planets says: "Yeah?"
The Sun says: "He was right."
The sun explodes. The scene goes back to the present.
An Unlikely Source of Wisdom.
Sussie says: "Pigeon mayo!"
Gumball and Darwin sit beside her.
Gumball says: "What a waste of a day."
Darwin says: "Oh, we'll never find the meaning of life."
Sussie says: "Ah!"
Sussie says: "Pigeon mayo!"
Gumball says: "Well, at least someone's got it all figured out."
Sussie says: "Well, yes."
Sussie says: "You see, life's not about the destination, it's about the journey and making friends along the way."
Gumball and Darwin gape at her.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I've got the answer!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I've got the answer!"
Sussie says: "So, really, the only true meaning of life is finding your own way to enjoy it."
Gumball says: "Like laughing at that?"
Sussie says: "Or doing this."
Sussie says: "Pigeon mayo!"
Sussie says: "Pigeon mayo!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh as the episode ends.