Robinson's House.
Episode starts with Mr. Robinson mowing the grass.
Gaylord says: "Ahhh..."
Gaylord says: "Perfect."
Margaret says: "Meh-meh."
Gaylord says: "Hmm?"
Mr. Robinson notices the grass.
Gaylord says: "It's just a little mistake, Margaret."
Gaylord says: "Everyone makes mistakes."
Gaylord says: "Our marriage is a permanent reminder of that."
Mr. Robinson mows the grass again.
Gaylord says: "There."
Gaylord says: "Now it is truly perfect."
Margaret says: "Meh-meh."
Mr. Robinson notices the grass again.
Gaylord says: "Now all the other grass is too long!"
Mr. Robinson pulls a blade of grass. Then the other grass shrinks, and Mr. Robinson gets angry and smashes the lawn mower in anger.
Margaret says: "Meh-meh."
Gaylord says: "IT'S NOT MY FAULT, AND I'M NOT A BALD PURPLE THUMB SHAPED..."
Gaylord says: "Sorry, what does "meh-meh" mean again?"
Margaret says: "Meh-meh."
Gaylord says: "I AM NOT A BALD PURPLE THUMB SHAPED MEATBAG WITH AN EGGPLANT NOSE, AND I REFUSE TO MOW THIS LAWN AGAIN!"
Gumball and Darwin smash through the fence.
Gumball says: "We'll do it!"
Darwin says: "We'll do it!"
Gaylord says: "No, I'm having a nice relaxing morning with my wife, and I don't-Ah!"
Gumball and Darwin mow the lawn energetically, with Darwin acting as the lawn mower.
Gumball says: "You got something in your teeth."
Margaret says: "Meh-meh."
Gaylord says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Don't worry!"
Gumball says: "I've got this."
He pulls the blade of grass again, and everything in Mr. Robinson's garden, including the fence, collapses.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Suddenly Mr. Robinson's stuffing pops out of his head.
Gaylord says: "I think I need to lie down..."
Gaylord says: "on my face."
Ambulance siren sounds. Cut to Mr. Robinson being taken into an ambulance.
Bandage Nurse says: "Madame, your husband's anger levels have caused him to lose a lot of stuffing."
Bandage Nurse says: "He's gonna need a transfusion."
Bandage Nurse says: "Does he have any direct family member we could ask?"
Bandage Nurse says: "Hm."
Bandage Nurse says: "Yep."
Bandage Nurse says: "Hm."
Bandage Nurse says: "Alright."
Bandage Nurse says: "Well, that made no sense."
Bandage Nurse says: "Does anyone here talk with words?"
Darwin says: "You could ask his son, Rocky."
Darwin says: "He's a janitor, at our school."
Mr. Robinson wakes up on the stretcher.
Gaylord says: "I want nothing from that loser!"
Gaylord says: "He's an embarrassment to the Robinson name!"
Gaylord says: "I'd rather get stuffing from a turkey!"
Gaylord says: "Aaaaghhh!"
Margaret says: "Meh..."
Margaret says: "meh."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, Mrs."
Gumball says: "Robinson."
Gumball says: "We'll get Rocky, and save your husband!"
Margaret says: "Meh?"
Gumball says: "Nice."
At School.
Gumball and Darwin watch Rocky in the hallway.
Darwin says: "What's the best way to break bad news to someone?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I know!"
Gumball says: "With a song!"
Gumball says: "Hey Rocky, we got some awful news!"
Gumball says: "Your dad is sick 'cause we made him blow a fuse!"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "You got a better idea?"
Darwin says: "No, I got a much better idea."
Darwin says: "We just need to sweeten the news a little bit."
Cut to Gumball holding a brownie.
Rocky says: "Ah!"
Rocky says: "Brownie!"
Rocky says: "Sweet!"
The Janitor's Closet.
Rocky says: "Oh."
Rocky says: "Man, this is pretty hard to digest."
Gumball says: "Too much butter?"
Rocky says: "I meant the news about my dad."
Gumball says: "You have to go to the hospital, man."
Gumball says: "He needs you."
Rocky says: "I don't know."
Rocky says: "I've always been such a disappointment to him."
Darwin says: "Has he ever actually said that to you?"
Rocky says: "More times than I count on my hands."
Rocky says: "So at least five."
Rocky says: "He thinks I'm an immature deadbeat who never left school, refuses to get a decent job, and dresses like a Canadian."
Darwin says: "Well, are you?"
Rocky says: "Totally."
Gumball says: "Well, we've got some news for you."
Gumball says: "You're gonna man up, wear a suit and tie, and get an office job!"
Rocky says: "An office job?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Gumball says: "Eh."
Gumball says: "At least you get a brownie."
At the Wattersons' Home.
Gumball searches on the internet.
Internet instantly chimes in with "-work at chanax inc" all over the search results.
Darwin says: "All the options say "work at chanax."
Rocky says: "Chanax?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Rocky says: "They're the worst corporation on Earth!"
Rocky says: "They pollute, they cut down the rain forests, their boss invented boy bands..."
Rocky says: "They're pure evil!"
Gumball says: "They also invented cheese puffs."
Rocky says: "Hmm."
Rocky says: "Necessary evil, I guess."
Darwin says: "Chanax it is then!"
Gumball says: "Lets start with your resume."
Gumball says: "What do you do at work?"
Rocky says: "I work real hard!"
Rocky says: "To do as little as possible..."
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna write that you're goal-oriented."
Gumball says: "Okay, what else?"
Rocky says: "To be honest, I just lie down a lot."
Gumball says: "Lateral problem solver."
Rocky says: "Ah!"
Rocky says: "I can whistle with my butt!"
Gumball and Darwin gape.
Gumball says: "Has a valid driver's license."
Darwin says: "Now we just need a photo of you in a sharp suit, and tie."
Rocky says: "I don't have a suit."
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "We've got it covered."
Cuts to Darwin photographing Rocky in a suit with tie.
Darwin says: "Perfect!"
It is revealed that the suit and tie are actually spray painted on Rocky's body.
Rocky says: "I'm so uncomfortable in this monkey suit."
Gumball says: "Dude, it's sprayed on to your birthday suit."
He walks away, revealing that his back is not sprayed on.
Darwin says: "Is that gonna be a problem?"
Gumball says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "An office job is like a mullet: work at the front, party at the back!"
At Chanax Inc.
In the waiting room, Rocky shakes nervously.
Gumball says: "Dude, chill out!"
Gumball says: "Here  take this."
Gumball says: "I'll deal with the answers."
Gumball says: "All you'll have to do during the interview is move your mouth when you hear my voice."
A clipboard man emerges from a door.
Clipboard Man says: "Rockwell Robinson?"
Clipboard Man says: "We're ready for you now."
Rocky gets up, and reaches the ceiling. He is wearing shoes with very high heels.
Rocky says: "Are you sure about the shoes?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, man!"
Darwin says: "The height makes you look powerful."
Gumball says: "Go make your dad proud!"
Rocky walks into the door with confidence, but hits the door frame.
Rocky says: "Ow!"
The Interview.
Paperball says: "Well, Mr."
Paperball says: "Robinson, your resume is three sentences long, and every letter is in a different color."
Paperball says: "Perhaps you might like to add something?"
Gumball says: "I've got excellent communicating skills."
Paperball says: "Clearly."
Paperball says: "Do you speak any other languages?"
Paperball says: "Now."
Paperball says: "I feel obliged to ask, how do you range your communication skills?"
Outside, Gumball takes out the batteries of his radio. Darwin tries to open a pack of batteries.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "The batteries are dead!"
Gumball says: "Give me the new ones!"
Gumball says: "Rocky, try to stall him!"
They try to tear the pack open. Then they hear Rocky whistling the same song earlier with his butt. Gumball facepalms repeatedly, until his hand goes through his face. Inside, Paperball stares for a while.
Paperball says: "Well, I think you'll fit right in!"
Rocky says: "Seriously?"
Paperball says: "Yes."
Paperball says: "You're just the kind of employee Mr."
Paperball says: "Chanax is looking for: young, fresh and gullible."
Paperball says: "Here's your contract."
A goblin, dressed in a suit and tie, pops out of thin air and hands a contract and pen to Rocky.
Rocky says: "Uh…it says here that I'm signing away my hopes, and dreams?"
Paperball says: "Oh, that's just paper."
They stop laughing, but the laughter is continued by an ominous voice in the building.
Rocky says: "Who's that?"
Paperball says: "Ha ha!"
Paperball says: "Just my stomach grumbling."
Voice says: "Sign it, you fool!"
Rocky signs the contract anxiously.
Goblin says: "Breathe out."
Rocky says: "What?"
Paperball says: "Ha ha!"
Paperball says: "It's just a formality."
Rocky breathes into the jar, and the goblin disappears. He appears again, grabs Rocky's contract, and disappears. He appears once more, and places an ID card on Rocky.
Paperball says: "Welcome to Chanax… Mr."
Paperball says: "Robinson."
At Elmore Hospital.
Mr. Robinson stirs from his sleep.
Gumball and Darwin are on top of him.
Gaylord says: "Ah!"
Gaylord says: "What're you doing here?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "Margaret, get them off of me!"
Gaylord says: "Margaret?"
In the beach, Margaret is dancing with some sailors.
Gumball says: "We came to say that Rocky can help you with your transfusion."
Gaylord says: "I don't want to see that loser!"
Gumball says: "But he's got a serious job now with a suit, and tie."
Gumball says: "They even call him Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson."
Gaylord says: "Really?"
Gaylord says: "How's he doing?"
At Chanax Incorporated, Rocky types frantically. His pupils are gone.
Gumball says: "Overworked..."
Gumball says: "underpaid..."
Gumball says: "downtrodden..."
Gumball says: "kinda soulless, actually."
Gaylord says: "Ah, my Rocky..."
Gaylord says: "finally became a man."
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson!"
Darwin says: "What's wrong?"
Gaylord says: "I was trying to shed a tear of happiness, but I think my heart's too dry."
Gumball says: "But the only problem is he's so busy now that he can't come right away."
Darwin says: "But don't worry!"
Darwin says: "We'll take care of you until he arrives."
Darwin says: "Day and night!"
Gumball says: "What's wrong?"
At this, Mr. Robinson is so shocked that his nose bursts open, and more stuffing pours out!
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "We need to call the doctor!"
Darwin says: "Which one is it?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "Try them all!"
On a machine, Darwin presses all the buttons. The buttons all move Mr. Robinson's bed, tossing, flinging, and flipping him up.
Bandage Nurse says: "What happened to this man?!"
Bandage Nurse says: "!"
Bandage Nurse says: "He looks like an empty sausage!"
Bandage Nurse says: "He needs a stuffing transfusion, stat!"
Back At Chanax.
Gumball says: "Rocky, quick!"
Gumball says: "Your dad needs a "statting stanfusion, trat"!"
Soulless Office Worker says: "Oh, he can't leave, he signed the contract."
Soulless Office Worker says: "Mr."
Soulless Office Worker says: "Chanax owns his spirit now."
Gumball says: "Come on, man."
Gumball says: "It' just a job."
Soulless Office Worker says: "Kid, they kept me here forty-seven years straight."
Soulless Office Worker says: "I missed my own wedding, my kids growing up, even my own retirement."
Gumball says: "Rocky, we helped you find this job; now we're gonna help you lose it!"
Soulless Office Worker says: "Nah, you can't get fired; it's too much paperwork."
Gumball says: "Well, this is what I think of your paperwork!"
He tries to take Rocky's typewriter away, but it is stuck on the desk. Darwin pushes over a stack of papers.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "Come on Rocky!"
Gumball says: "We're getting your spirit back!"
Back at the hospital, Mr. Robinson is struggling.
At Chanax Incorporated, Gumball and Darwin run while pulling Rocky's soulless body through the building.
Darwin says: "How are we gonna get his spirit back?"
Gumball says: "We need to get to the boss' office, and get him out of his contract!"
They stop by a building map.
Gumball says: "All we have to do is to go through the accounting department, then the archive department, then the secretary's desk, then the..."
Voices from the cabinets around interrupt him.
Cabinet Voice says: "What about your Christmas bonus?"
Cabinet Voice says: "What about your dental plan?"
Cabinet Voice says: "What about a raise?"
Rocky says: "Yeah..."
Rocky says: "what about a raise?"
Darwin says: "We need to run!"
Darwin says: "THIS PLACE IS EVIL!"
They run through the walls of cabinets that are closing in on them. They manage to reach the door before they were crushed.
Cabinet Voice says: "What about a promotion???"
They enter a room full of paperwork. Stacks of documents stretch up to the unseen ceiling.
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "One loud noise, and we'll all end up under an avalanche of paperwork."
They walk through the paper. Rocky begins to sink into it.
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Gumball says: "We're nearly there."
Gumball says: "Rocky, no!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, help!"
Darwin says: "It's okay!"
Darwin says: "I got his other hand."
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Confused, Darwin pulls what he grabbed and sees the skeletal remains of an employee.
Gumball says: "No, don't!"
Darwin screams aloud, and the stacks of paper fall down. They retrieve Rocky, and run towards the next door. Just as they are buried, Gumball opens the door and they slide into the secretary's desk. Gumball and Darwin get up, and dust themselves off.
Secretary says: "Good afternoon!"
Secretary says: "Do you have an appointment?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "But we can wait."
Secretary says: "Oh, I'm afraid that's gonna have to wait until after lunch."
Secretary says: "MY LUNCH!"
The secretary reveals herself to be a monster.
Gumball says: "AH-A!"
Gumball says: "Maybe we'll come back another day."
She jumps on them anyway. But she misses, and crashes through the window, and out of the building. Gumball looks down at where she fell.
Gumball says: "Feels like I should say something clever, but I got nothing."
The scene cuts to them waiting in the elevator.
Darwin says: "Look's like she found us a window."
They come out, and walk to Paperball at the boss' desk.
Paperball says: "You were the first people to ever make it to this office."
Paperball says: "Congratulations."
Gumball says: "Where's Mr."
Gumball says: "Chanax?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Voice says: "Let them see me!"
Paperball says: "Yes..."
Paperball says: "master."
He unfolds himself, and reveals a face inside of him which belongs to Mr. Chanax.
Mr. Chanax says: "I am Mr."
Mr. Chanax says: "Chanax!"
Mr. Chanax says: "I believe this is what you came for?"
Mr. Chanax says: "Kneel before your master!"
Rocky kneels.
Mr. Chanax laughs. He manipulates Rocky like a marionette.
Mr. Chanax says: "That's right!"
Mr. Chanax says: "Dance, my little puppet."
Gumball says: "Enough!"
Gumball says: "Let him go!"
Mr. Chanax says: "Oh, but I'm afraid no one can leave..."
Mr. Chanax says: "not now you've discovered my secret!"
Nothing happens.
Mr. Chanax says: "Yah!"
Mr. Chanax says: "What?"
Mr. Chanax says: "Why isn't this working?"
Gumball says: "Because your power only works on people who signed a contract."
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "That means nothing to us, man."
Gumball says: "This contract is just like you: it's only paper!"
Mr. Chanax says: "Put that down!"
Mr. Chanax says: "Or I'll..."
Mr. Chanax says: "I'll drink his spirit!"
Gumball says: "That's not his spirit, man."
Gumball says: "It's just a jar full of old breath."
Mr. Chanax says: "Nooooo!"
Mr. Chanax crumples once more into an unconscious newspaper employee. Paperball gasps a final time before collapsing. Then the soulless office workers stop working, and regain their souls.
Soulless Office Worker says: "I'm free!"
Soulless Office Worker says: "I'm finally free!"
Rocky says: "What happened?"
Darwin says: "No time to explain!"
Darwin says: "We're going to the hospital!"
They get in the elevator. Then the goblin appears, and announces to the workers.
Goblin says: "Dear employees, after four-hundred years in the business, Mr."
Goblin says: "Chanax has decided to pursue new goals, and spend more time with his family."
Goblin says: "The shareholders have named me as his replacement."
Goblin says: "Thank you very much."
Goblin says: "NOW GET BACK TO WORK, SLAVES!"
The workers groan.
Back at the Hospital.
Mr. Robinson groggily wakes up, and sees a Bandaid doctor.
Bandage Nurse says: "It's a brave boy you got there, Mr."
Bandage Nurse says: "Robinson."
Bandage Nurse says: "He gave a lot."
Mr. Robinson looks at his side, and sees his son.
Rocky says: "It was nothing."
He lies down, revealing he is flat from having so much stuffing removed from him.
Gaylord says: "You made your parents proud, son."
Gaylord says: "Isn't that right, Margaret?"
Margaret runs by his side, dressed in a wedding dress. She hides it quickly as she smiles at her husband. At the door, a sailor dressed as a groom sadly walks away.
Rocky says: "Dad, I love you."
Rocky says: "But I can't be like you."
Rocky says: "I'm sorry, but I'm going back to my old life."
Rocky says: "Ah!"
Rocky says: "I forgot this was sprayed on..."
Mr. Robinson's heart rate speeds up, but he remains calm and happy.
Gaylord says: "It's okay, son."
Gaylord says: "I understand."
Rocky says: "You do?"
Mr. Robinson's heart rate speeds up more.
Gaylord says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Are you sure?"
Gaylord says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Are you really sure?"
Gumball says: "Because it looks like you're about to..."
The heart monitor explodes, and the episode ends.