Richard says: "I never believed in anything again."
Richard says: "But I believe this will be different."
Richard says: "Now, I've got some wishing to do!"
Richard says: "Hehe, hehe, hehe!"
Richard runs off scene.
Gumball says: "You know what this means, Darwin."
Gumball says: "We'll have to make sure all of Dad's wishes come true."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Because if we don't, he'll never be able to believe in anything again."
Gumball says: "And he might go crazy and start screaming."
Gumball says: "We'll have to make sure he thinks that wand is real!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Making the Wand "Real".
Scene changes to the living room where Richard is sitting on the couch and Gumball and Darwin are hiding behind the couch.
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "Ooh, I wish for sausages to fly into my mouth."
Closes his eyes and opens his mouth. Gumball and Darwin look at each other, then hide behind the couch again. A sausage tied to a string flies into Richard's mouth.
Richard says: "I think you and me are gonna be friends."
Richard hears sounds.
Richard says: "Huh?"
He notices the sound came from the sink's leaky faucet. Richard groans, but realizes he can "use" the wand.
Richard says: "I wish the sink was fixed!"
Gumball says: "Well, how do you fix a sink?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Gumball and Darwin pull on the sink's drainage pipes and dirty water spills. Gumball and Darwin scream.
Darwin says: "Quick, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad is going to find out the wand is not real!"
Gumball drinks all the dirty water.
Richard is pleased by this. Meanwhile, Darwin pokes Gumball, letting all of the dirty water get out. Darwin is covered in dirty water.
Richard says: "You are truly powerful!"
Richard says: "I shall name you Wanda the Wonderful Wand of Wonder!"
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "I think Dad is about to make another wish."
Scene transitions to the front yard.
Richard says: "I wish it was raining pancakes!"
Pancakes start falling from the house. Richard walks in circles happily. Meanwhile, Darwin is picking up pancakes for Gumball to throw from the attic.
Richard says: "I wish..."
Richard says: "I wish it was Christmas every day!"
A bag falls from the chimney, containing Gumball in it. Darwin falls onto the bag while wearing a Santa costume. Gumball comes out of the bag.
Darwin says: "Ho ho ho!"
Gumball says: "Merry Christmas everyone!"
Darwin says: "Merry Christmas everyone!"
Darwin and Gumball skip away while Richard laughs and receives a present.
Richard says: "I wish I was taller."
Gumball and Darwin are sawing off the chairs and the tables. Richard is skipping, and is amused that he "became taller".
Richard says: "Now I'm a giant!"
Richard is sitting on the couch, waving the wand.
Richard says: "I wish..."
Richard says: "I wish I had..."
Richard says: "A monster truck."
A monster truck drives in.
Richard says: "Yeah, a monster truck T-Shirt!"
Darwin pats the monster truck, and Gumball drives in reverse. A T-Shirt is thrown from off-screen to Richard. He waves the wand once more.
Richard says: "I wish..."
Richard says: "I wish I could be invisible!"
Gumball says: "Look, he left his wand floating in mid-air."
Darwin says: "He's here."
Gumball says: "Come on, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Let's go and find him."
Darwin says: "But he's here!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
In the Backyard.
Richard says: "I wish, I wish it wasn't so hot."
Gumball and Darwin pull off Richard's clothes. He becomes relaxed.
Gaylord says: "Mr."
Gaylord says: "Watterson!"
Gaylord says: "Would you kindly refrain from offending my wife's eyeballs with your public display of vulgarity?"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Sorry, Mr."
Richard says: "Robinson."
Richard says: "Hey, wait a second."
Richard says: "You picked the wrong day to mess with the bunny warlock!"
Gaylord says: "Sorry, what?"
Richard says: "If it's a fight you want, it's a fight you've got!"
Richard says: "But I think I should warn you, I have supernatural powers!"
Gaylord says: "The only thing supernatural about you is your ignorance."
He and Margaret laugh.
Richard says: "I wouldn't be laughing if I was facing the mighty bunny warlock!"
Gaylord says: "The only thing mighty about you is your ignorance."
He and Margaret laugh.
Gaylord says: "I used the same joke again."
Richard says: "Perhaps you haven't noticed, my magic wand, and, my cape!"
Gaylord says: "You don't have a cape."
Richard says: "Mm?"
Richard says: "I wish for a cape!"
Gumball and Darwin took the dining table cloth, and quickly put it on Richard, like a cape.
Gaylord says: "You look ridiculous."
Richard says: "You leave me no choice, sir!"
Richard says: "I wish..."
Richard says: "I wish..."
Gumball says: "Here we go!"
Richard says: "I wish you looked ridiculous!"
Gumball and Darwin move around Gaylord like a cyclone so he can't see them, and change his clothes in a blur, to a bikini.
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Horrible!"
Richard says: "Take it off, take it off!"
Gumball and Darwin, once again, move in a blur and take off Mr. Robinson's bikini, leaving him naked.
Gaylord says: "Cover your eyes, woman!"
Margaret does so.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "Put it back on!"
Richard says: "Put it back on!"
Gumball and Darwin move in a blur and put the bikini back on Mr. Robinson.
Richard says: "And I wish your wife's head was a melon!"
Gumball and Darwin almost instantly throw a watermelon on Margaret's head, causing her to muffle, her head stuck inside the watermelon.
Richard says: "Now I wish you would fly away out of my sight!"
Gaylord says: "Aah!"
Margaret says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin tie ropes around each Robinson's leg and hoist them up.
Richard says: "You dare to doubt the all-powerful bunny warlock!"
Gumball says: "I can't hold it any longer!"
Richard says: "Now, begone!"
Gumball and Darwin drop Mr. and Mrs. Robinson.
Richard skips away happily.
Gaylord says: "He really is a wizard!"
Gaylord says: "Run, Margaret, run!"
Richard skips while he laughs.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad's turning evil!"
Gumball says: "Maybe it's time we told him the truth."
Darwin says: "But if we tell him the truth, he's gonna get upset, like when he was a boy."
Gumball says: "Ahh, you're right."
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to take the wand back!"
Darwin smiles.
Getting the Wand.
In the front yard.
Richard says: "Is there nothing you can't do, Wanda?"
Richard says: "I think I finally understand your true power!"
Gumball says: "This has gone on long enough!"
Darwin says: "Hmph!"
Richard says: "What are you doing here?"
Gumball says: "That wand - It has made you evil!"
Gumball says: "We're taking it back!"
Darwin says: "Hmph!"
Richard says: "You think you mere mortals have the power to challenge me?"
Richard says: "Come!"
Richard says: "Take the wand - If you dare!"
Gumball and Darwin rushes toward Richard.
Richard says: "Slip-over spell!"
Gumball says: "We've got to do it!"
Gumball says: "It'll break his heart if he finds out!"
Gumball and Darwin slips and falls into the mud intentionally. Richard laughs.
Gumball says: "Can't you see what you've become?"
Richard says: "I can see perfectly clearly!"
Richard says: "I have become a master wizard!"
Richard screams to the neighborhood. Pantsbully merely gives half a glance, then walks away.
Gumball and Darwin continues rushing.
Richard says: "Slow-motion spell!!"
Gumball says: "IIttss ppoowweerr hhaass oovveerrttaakkeenn yyoouu!"
Richard says: "Reverse spell!"
Gumball says: "You overtaken has power its!"
Darwin says: "No, it's more like: Uoy nekatrevo sah rewop sti!"
Richard says: "Love spell!"
Romantic music plays, as Gumball and Darwin nervously laugh and awkwardly hug each other.
Richard says: "Inside-out spell!"
Gumball and Darwin each grab their insides, then pull, causing their inside to come out and cover themselves.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "Gross!"
Richard says: "Back-to-normal spell!"
Gumball and Darwin each grab their outsides, which is now inside, and pull, somehow returning to normal again. Richard laughs.
Gumball says: "Give us the wand!"
Richard says: "Never!"
Richard says: "I wish your face was his butt and his butt was your face!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Richard says: "I wished it, didn't I?"
Gumball sighs, then he and Darwin do what Richard wished in a quick blur. Richard laughs.
Richard says: "Now I wish that your butt was his face and his face was your butt!"
Gumball and Darwin do what Richard wished, once again in a quick blur. Richard laughs again.
Richard says: "I wish that, umm, your face was kissing his butt and his butt was kissing your face!"
Gumball and Darwin do what Richard wished. He laughs loudly.
Gumball says: "This has got to stop."
Richard says: "Ha-ha!"
Richard says: "Ha ha ha ha-ha!"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "We've got something to tell you."
Richard says: "What's going on?"
Richard says: "Why have you stopped?"
Gumball says: "That wand's a fake."
Gumball says: "It's just a plastic toy, from the cereal package."
Richard says: "What nonsense!"
Richard says: "If that is true, how do you explain this?"
Richard says: "Flying spell!"
He jumps, but then instantly drops to the ground. He then slaps the wand.
Gumball says: "It was us..."
Gumball says: "We have been making it happen right from the start."
Gumball says: "I hope you're not mad at us."
Richard says: "You mean..."
Richard says: "you two kids spent the whole day making incredible wishes come true?"
Richard says: "You did all that for me?"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "Of course!"
Richard says: "Even when I made your butt kiss his face and his face kiss your butt, you did that for me?"
Gumball says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Darwin says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Richard says: "Oooh, come here and give me a big hug!"
They all share a long hug.
Richard says: "But hang on!"
Richard says: "If you were making my wishes come true, doesn't that mean Wanda the Wonderful Wand of Wonder is a fraud?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "yeah."
Darwin says: "yeah."
Richard says: "A fraud?"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Darwin says: "Uhh..."
Richard says: "YAA-AAA-AAA-AAA..."
The Power Is all Mine!
Gaylord says: "I wish you didn't have that ridiculous haircut!"
Margaret growls.
Gaylord says: "..."
Gaylord says: "I wish I hadn't said that."
Episode ends.