The Wattersons are having dinner.
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "I don't think I'm gonna wear this anymore."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "I thought it brought you good luck."
Gumball says: "Yeah, it does, but nothing's fun anymore."
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "Watch this."
Gumball catapults a clump of his food in the air. Through an extremely lucky chain of events, Richard's food gets launched directly into Gumball's mouth. Everyone at the table gasps in awe, except for Gumball, who just looks bored.
Gumball says: "Ta-da."
Gumball says: "Whoop-de-boring-doo."
Darwin says: "What are you talking about?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "That was fin-flapping-tastic!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, a week ago, maybe, but now it's just lame."
Gumball says: "I think I'm gonna throw it out."
Richard lunges towards Gumball and Darwin.
Richard says: "Don't throw it out!"
Richard says: "I could really use some luck right now."
Richard says: "I been trying to get on Win or Don't Win for five months, but they're not returning my calls."
View changes to Anais and Nicole.
Anais says: "You're never gonna get onto that show, hat or no hat."
Camera zooms out, showing the whole family.
Richard says: "There's a show called "Hat or No Hat?"
Gumball says: "Look, you want it?"
Gumball says: "You have it."
Phone rings.
Richard says: "Tomorrow?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh, thank you, Win or Don't Win!"
Ends call while Nicole walks towards Richard.
Richard says: "Wow!"
Richard says: "This hat IS AMAZING!"
Nicole says: "Okay, guys, as impressive as all this is, let's not get carried away."
Richard put helmet on Nicole.
Nicole says: "Richard!"
Nicole says: "Hello?"
Nicole says: "Interview?"
Nicole says: "Tomorrow?"
Nicole says: "For a promotion and a pay rise?!"
Nicole says: "!"
View changes back to the kids, Anais uses a saucepan and a spoon and makes a dong sound.
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Anais says: "That was the sound of doom for the Wattersons."
A Bad Day at School.
Scene changes to the school gym where students are jumping over a balance beam using a trampoline, a whistle blown by Mr. Small can be heard too.
Darwin says: "Do you ever miss your helmet?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Well, everyone seems to be using it for really cool stuff, like Dad with the TV show and Mom with her job."
Darwin says: "All you ever did was lame party tricks."
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter, Darwin."
Gumball says: "I'm happy to see the back of it."
Gumball says: "Besides..."
Gumball says: "sometimes in life, you make your own luck."
Gumball faceplants into the balance beam.
Gumball says: "It's so good to fail again."
Scene changes to science lab.
Glass container blows up.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "That wasn't so bad."
Darwin says: "You just blew up the ant farm."
Ants escape and start crawling all over Gumball and bite him.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Life is great, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Scene changes to the school cafeteria.
Darwin says: "So, you're saying you're happy when you fail?"
Gumball says: "Absolutely."
Gumball says: "It's the struggle that makes a victory sweet."
Gumball says: "Besides, I still got it."
Gumball catapults a clump of his food in the air and hits Darwin's eyes, causing him to fall and bump onto Banana Joe. This causes William to fly up and knock Tobias's drink onto Tina and makes her drop her sandwich on the floor.
Anton says: "Butter side down, just like poor Uncle Eddie."
Scene changes to the hallway where Gumball is stuffed into Darwin's mouth.
Gumball says: "And you know what the best thing about failure is, Darwin?"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin spits out Gumball.
Gumball says: "It's that it builds your sense of humor."
Gumball says: "I NEED IT!"
At Home.
Richard and Nicole are arguing in the kitchen.
Richard says: "But I need it more, 'cause I need to win the show!"
Nicole says: "Well, I need it to get the promotion, which is more important than a game show."
Richard says: "But if I win the show, I'll get a speedboat!"
Richard says: "Think about how great it would be for me!"
Nicole says: "Richard, you'll never use it."
Richard says: "Nicole, if I win a speedboat, I'm gonna use it."
Nicole says: "You have to understand, I'm doing this for the greater good."
Nicole says: "Winning the speedboat would be good for you, but not for the rest of the family."
Richard says: "Oh..."
Richard says: "you're right."
Richard says: "I'm sorry, Nicole."
Richard says: "I-I don't know what came over me."
Nicole says: "It's okay."
Nicole says: "Just, where did you hide the helmet?"
Richard says: "It's in this bag."
Nicole takes the bag and is about to leave.
Richard says: "Oh..."
Richard says: "Actually, it's in -- it's in this one."
Richard says: "I was gonna trick you."
Richard says: "I'm sorry."
Richard says: "I guess that helmet's got more power over me than I thought."
Nicole says: "Thanks for being honest, honey."
In the Office.
Scene changes to a company building.
Paperball says: "That was an astonishing interview."
Scene then changes to an office where Nicole's bosses are going to employ her.
Paperball says: "There's..."
Paperball says: "just one thing."
Paperball says: "You are aware that if you get the job, you won't be able to wear that papier-mâché helmet, right?"
Nicole says: "Of course."
Nicole says: "But for the record, it's not papier-mâché."
Nicole says: "It's tinfoil."
Paperball says: "Mm, no."
Paperball says: "I'm pretty sure it's papier-mâché painted gray."
Nicole says: "Can I switch your TV on?"
Paperball says: "Uh..."
Paperball says: "sure?"
Nicole switches the TV on and the TV is playing Win or Don't Win, with Richard, wearing the real tin foil helmet, as the contestant.
Shooting Star says: "And he's won the speedboat!"
Richard says: "Yay!"
The audience and the Shooting Star applaud, while Richard does his celebration dance. Nicole then gets angry and starts smashing the TV and trashes the office room, while her bosses are watching.
Nicole says: "This isn't going to affect my chances, is it?"
Paperball says: "Um, what do you think?"
Nicole then continues to smash the chair.
Back at Home.
Scene changes to the Wattersons' house where Richard, Nicole and Gumball argue on who should have the helmet.
Richard says: "It's mine!"
Nicole says: "No, mine!"
Gumball says: "Give it back!"
Scene changes to the Wattersons' dining room where Richard, Nicole and Gumball are aruging while Darwin and Anais watch in fear.
Nicole says: "I lost my job for it!"
Richard says: "It's mine!"
Richard snatches the hat and Nicole and Gumball slams him to the ground.
Richard says: "But I'm on Hat or No Hat tomorrow!"
Nicole says: "Give..."
Richard says: "It..."
Gumball says: "back!"
Anais says: "Stop it!"
Anais says: "Look at what you've become!"
Anais says: "This stupid hat is driving you crazy!"
Gumball says: "Actually, it's a helmet."
Anais says: "It's not a helmet or a hat!"
Anais says: "It's a piece of tinfoil!"
Anais says: "And it's tearing this family apart!"
Anais says: "Look at you!"
Anais says: "You're behaving like animals!"
Nicole says: "Anais is right."
Nicole says: "That helmet has such a grip on us."
Richard says: "It's like its magic is taking control of the person who wears it."
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Well, since none of you guys want it, I guess I can have it back."
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "Me and Darwin have been talking, and we've decided it has to be destroyed."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You can't destroy it!"
Gumball says: "I'm nothing without it!"
Nicole says: "I'm sorry, honey, but Anais is right."
Anais walk towards Gumball.
Gumball says: "Can -- can I have one more go?"
Anais says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Don't touch it!!"
Richard says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "It's mine!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "It's my helmet!"
Richard and Nicole stop Gumball from taking the helmet, while Gumball goes crazy.
Darwin says: "Dude, chill out."
Darwin says: "It's just a bucket with some tinfoil on it."
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Gumball says: "Give it back!"
Gumball says: "It's my helmet!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Destroying the Helmet.
Scene slowly fades to the dumping ground.
Darwin says: "Why can't we just put it in the bin?"
Anais says: "Because they'll just pull it out again."
Anais says: "We have to take it to the bin of all bins—"
Anais says: "the dump."
Scene changes to show the volcano-like dump.
Darwin says: "Can't we just rip it up?"
Anais says: "Have you ever tried ripping up tinfoil?"
Anais says: "Sounds horrible."
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do with it, then?"
Anais says: "Throw it in the garbage crusher."
A mysterious figure then stalks Darwin and Anais, while making hissing sounds.
Darwin says: "Can you hear that?"
Anais says: "What?"
Darwin says: "That noise."
Darwin says: "Sounds like a cat trying to say "snake."
Figure says: "Snake..."
Anais says: "It's probably just the wind."
Darwin says: "Mm."
Darwin says: "Maybe."
Darwin says: "I don't know what the big deal with this lucky helmet is, anyway."
Darwin says: "Looks pretty normal to me."
Something shines on the ground below Darwin.
Darwin says: "Oh, look -- a gold ring!"
Something shines on the ground below Darwin again.
Darwin says: "Oh, look -- a pearly necklace!"
Something shines on the ground below Darwin once again.
Darwin says: "Wow!"
Darwin says: "A diamond-encrusted chain!"
Darwin says: "And it spells "Darwin"!"
Scene changes to Darwin and Anais climbing up a mountain of trash.
Anais says: "Come on."
Anais says: "We're nearly there."
Darwin says: "I-I can't do it, Anais."
Darwin says: "It's -- it's too heavy."
Anais says: "Well, give me the helmet."
Anais says: "I'll deal with it."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "It's a man's job."
Darwin says: "You're—"
Darwin says: "you're just a little girl."
Darwin says: "The helmet is my burden to carry."
Darwin says: "You can carry me, though!"
Anais growls.
Anais then carry Darwin up the mountain while he sits like a king. Scene changes to the garbarge crusher, where the mysterious figure appears again. Anais then lets Darwin down, while his jewelries fall off him.
Anais says: "There."
Anais says: "I've done my part."
Anais says: "Now you do yours."
Anais says: "Throw the stupid thing in the crusher."
Darwin says: "Okay!"
Darwin says: "Well, good riddance!"
The mysterious figure, which turns out to be Gumball, jumps in.
Anais says: "Darwin, look out!"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Give me my helmet!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "The helmet's mine!"
Gumball says: "Give it back to me!"
Gumball says: "Give it!"
Darwin says: "Dude, what's wrong with your voice?"
Gumball says: "I just really need to cough."
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Anais says: "Give it up, Gumball!"
Anais says: "There's two of us!"
Anais says: "You'll never win!"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah?"
Gumball says: "I can already feel its power!"
Anais says: "Well, not for long!"
Anais says: "Come on, Darwin."
Darwin and Anais pick trash up from the ground and start throwing at Gumball. All of their attempts fail and Gumball continues to laugh evilly.
Anais says: "It's not luck!"
Anais says: "It's just we can't throw very well!"
Gumball says: "Then let me make it easy for you."
Darwin says: "Come on, Anais!"
Darwin says: "There's no way you can miss him there!"
Anais says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "a tennis-ball machine."
Anais says: "Good luck finding a power supply for that."
Gumball says: "a generator."
Anais says: "Okay, maybe the hat is magic after all."
Anais says: "RUN!!"
Gumball then attacks Darwin and Anais with the tennis ball machine while they run to a shelter to defend themselves. Gumball continues to attack and laugh evilly.
Anais says: "He's got us cornered!"
Anais says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Pass me that stale baguette."
Anais says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Don't you worry about it."
Darwin says: "Just tell Mom and Dad I love them."
Anais says: "What?"
Anais says: "But, Darwin, No!"
Darwin then hits a tennis ball back to Gumball in slow motion, but at the same time gets hit too, dramatically falling to the floor.
Anais says: "No!"
Gumball continues to laugh evilly while firing tennis balls. However, the tennis ball Darwin deflected hits the helmet.
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "MY POWER!"
Anais says: "Come on, Darwin!"
Anais says: "He lost the helmet!"
Darwin says: "Oh, cool!"
The helmet then rolls to the garbage crusher.
Anais says: "GUMBALL!!!"
Darwin and Anais then gasp while looking at each other, then weep, only to realize Gumball is alive while hanging on a long rusty nail, and still trying to get the helmet stuck on a rusty nail too.
Gumball says: "Almost..."
Gumball says: "got..."
Gumball says: "it."
Anais says: "What the—"
Anais says: "what is wrong with you?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "My helmet..."
Gumball says: "I can almost reach it."
Anais says: "Give me your hand!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I need the power!"
Gumball's shirt then rips off from the rusty nail, but Anais grabs hold of his hand.
Darwin says: "For goodness' sake, man!"
Darwin says: "It's only a piece of tinfoil!"
Gumball says: "But think of all the stuff we can do with it."
Gumball then successfully grabs the helmet.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "Okay, you can pull me up now."
Anais says: "Listen, Gumball,  the helmet is powerful, but it's also evil."
Darwin says: "Look at what it's done to you and Mom and Dad!"
Gumball says: "But -- but without it, I'm nothing!"
Anais says: "Gumball, we're nothing without you."
Anais says: "Now, give me your other hand."
Gumball then looks at the helmet, then hesitantly throws it away to give Anais his other hand. Darwin and Anais pull Gumball up the cliff.
Darwin says: "Whoo."
Gumball then watches the helmet falling into the garbage crusher. However, the helmet drops at the edge of the garbage crusher. Gumball, Darwin and Anais sigh, then start throwing garbage at the helmet until it drops into the garbage crusher. Gumball, Darwin and Anais then celebrate and laugh with glee.
Epilogue.
Scene changes to Richard driving the Wattersons in the speedboat.
Nicole says: "Richard, are you sure this is a good idea?"
Richard says: "Of course, honey."
Richard says: "I said I'd use it, didn't I?"
The scene then shows the speedboat driving along the road, destroying it.
Gumball says: "Uh, how far away is the sea?"
Richard says: "Oh, about one hundred miles."
Episode ends.