Hearing Impaired.
The episode begins outside of the Wattersons' house, with Richard talking from somewhere off-screen.
Richard says: "And the interconnecting strands won't lose their elasticity."
Richard says: "And that's how you make a homemade hairnet."
Inside the living room, Richard is standing next to Gumball and Darwin, with a motorcycle helmet on his head.
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's great Dad."
Gumball says: "But what we asked was, "Why are you wearing that helmet?"
Richard says: "Oh, sorry, I can't hear you that well."
Richard says: "I'm wearing a helmet."
Richard says: "You're probably wondering why."
Richard says: "You see, your mother sent me to buy myself some exercise equipment, and I was going to get an exercise bike, but I thought I'd need a helmet first."
Darwin says: "For an exercise bike?"
Richard says: "No, for the exercise bike."
Richard says: "I tried this one on and guess what?"
Gumball says: "It was too small and you couldn't take it off, so you had to buy it or they wouldn't let you leave the store?"
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "It was too small so I couldn't take it off, and I had to buy it or they wouldn't let me leave the store."
Remote clicks.
Richard says: "Huh?"
Upbeat music plays on TV; Richard looks around, spotting Gumball on the couch.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "What are you doing there?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, that was getting really annoying."
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Richard says: "So, I can't hear very well, and I have extremely limited peripheral vision."
Richard says: "Do you kids want to hop in the car and go for a drive?"
Gumball says: "Absolutely not."
Richard says: "Great!"
Richard says: "Let's go grab some lunch!"
Off-screen, Richard is heard falling down the porch stairs.
Richard says: "Mind the steps!"
Darwin says: "Shouldn't we do something about that?"
Richard says: "And the trash!"
Gumball says: "Hmm, you're right."
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "Now we can hear the TV again."
Miscommunication.
Richard is driving down the street. Because of the helmet, he is unaware of his surroundings.
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "It's so quiet today."
Richard says: "Hardly any traffic on the roads."
It is shown that his car is actually on the sidewalk and heading into oncoming traffic. Oblivious, Richard runs over a fire hydrant, some trash cans, and almost hits Harold.
Richard says: "Shame about all these potholes, though."
Richard says: "A parking spot right outside Joyful Burger!"
In front of the Bank of Elmore, Richard shunts several parked cars out of the way before coming to a stop.
Richard says: "You kids wait here."
Richard says: "I'll get lunch."
Inside, Larry is working as a teller alongside Cupcake Man.
Larry says: "For the last time Bill, this is a bank."
Larry says: "Not a dating agency."
Bill says: "Oh."
Richard pushes the doors open and approaches the counter.
Larry says: "Oh my gosh, this is really happening!"
Cupcake Man says: "Remember what they told us, Larry."
Cupcake Man says: "Employees can be replaced, money can't!"
They look back at Richard, who is getting closer.
Cupcake Man says: "Oh, forget the training!"
Cupcake Man says: "We're being robbed!"
Cupcake Man says: "We're being robbed!"
The other customers notice the disturbance and gasp in shock.
Richard says: "Everybody throw your hands in the air!"
They all comply, and Richard turns back to the tellers, pointing at them with his index fingers.
Richard says: "Okay, you have a choice to make."
Richard says: "Ahh heck, let's just make this easy on both of us."
Richard says: "I'll take everything you've got."
Larry says: "Uh, how do you want that sir?"
Richard says: "Uh, just in the normal brown bags is fine."
Cupcake Man says: "Don't be a hero, Larry!"
Larry says: "I'm not being a hero!"
Cupcake Man says: "Just give him what he wants Larry, don't be a hero!"
Larry says: "I'm not!"
Orange Guard, who was asleep on a chair by the front door, suddenly wakes up and realizes that something is amiss. He makes eye contact with Larry, and, upon picking up on the visual cues, readies his baton. Unexpectedly, he instead uses it to shatter a nearby window and make his escape.
Cupcake Man says: "Okay sir, that's everything."
Richard says: "Pleasure doing business with you gentlemen."
Cupcake Man says: "Don't do it Larry!"
Cupcake Man says: "Don't press the alarm!"
Cupcake Man says: "Don't be a hero!"
Larry says: "What is your problem?!"
Larry says: "!"
Larry says: "What do you think you're doing?!"
Larry says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh yeah, that reminds me."
Richard says: "We need to settle up!"
Cupcake Man says: "No-no-no-no please don't!"
Richard says: "Okay."
As Richard leaves, Cupcake Man passes out and falls on the alarm button. Back on the road, Richard is again driving in the wrong lane, causing other vehicles to swerve and crash into each other.
Richard says: "What a great day."
Richard says: "We got a free lunch, the roads are all quiet."
Richard says: "Even you two are behaving yourselves."
Elmore's Most Wanted.
At the bank, now with a heavy police presence, Cupcake Man and Larry are speaking with the Doughnut Sheriff.
Cupcake Man says: "So even though Larry is screamin' like a baby, I managed to keep a cool head."
Cupcake Man says: "I said to the robber, "If you're gonna hurt these citizens, you're gonna have to come through me first."
Donut Sheriff says: "Wow, so brave."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm gonna make sure the mayor gives you a medal for this."
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We're gonna get to your cowardly ramblings in a second!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Don't let this man bother you, sir."
Donut Sheriff says: "Please continue."
Cupcake Man says: "Then, Larry handed over all the money and the guy ran off."
Cupcake Man says: "If you ask me, Larry was a bit too cooperative."
Donut Sheriff says: "So you think this was an inside job?"
Cupcake Man says: "Ah what do I know?"
Cupcake Man says: "I'm just a hero."
Donut Sheriff says: "I've heard enough."
Donut Sheriff says: "Arrest this man!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Case closed."
Earl says: "Uh, Chief, we don't have the money."
Coffee Cop says: "Or the man who took it."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm reopening the case!"
Doughnut Sheriff places a rolled up map on the countertop and flattens it out.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay boys, I want roadblocks here, here, and here."
Larry says: "But you do realize that's a map of Paris?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Like I said, we think he's gonna skip the country, most likely to Paris."
Earl says: "Beautiful city, Chief; City of Love."
Larry says: "Why aren't you out there catching this guy?!"
Larry says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Sir please, don't make us give you another full body search."
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh, Chief?"
Hamburger Cop says: "Take a look at the TV."
Donut Sheriff says: "If it's that video of the owl riding the llama, I've seen it."
Hamburger Cop says: "No, that."
They all gaze up at a monitor on the wall; It is displaying live footage of Richard's car, shot from a helicopter.
Reporter says: "And now, a breaking story."
Reporter says: "A bank robber is making his getaway."
Reporter says: "Normally, we would call it a high-speed police chase, but the police haven't really started following him yet."
Reporter says: "So at the moment, it's more of a leisurely drive."
Meanwhile, at the Wattersons' house, Gumball and Darwin are still in the living room watching television. Anais runs down the stairs, stopping halfway.
Anais says: "Can you guys believe what's on TV?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "That owl is riding a llama!"
Darwin says: "What a time to be alive."
Anais says: "No, you butt-clowns."
Anais says: "On channel six."
The screen changes to the news report.
Gumball says: "Coool!"
Darwin says: "Coool!"
Gumball says: "Oh I love these things!"
Gumball says: "Sometimes they get out and run."
Gumball says: "It's like, "Dude, what are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You're in a car!"
Nicole says: "That's our car!"
Nicole says: "The bank robber must've stolen it!"
Nicole says: "Ohh, I hope Richard's okay!"
Anais says: "Uh, Mom?"
Anais says: "That's Dad driving it."
Nicole says: "I'll kill him!"
Outside the Bank of Elmore, there is a scale model of a police barricade set up on the sidewalk.
Donut Sheriff says: "Yes sir, no one's gonna get through a roadblock like this."
Larry says: "Why not build the actual roadblock?!"
Larry says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "What would be the point in spending all that taxpayer money building the model, if we're not even going to use it?"
Larry says: "Then I'm not gonna pay my taxes."
Donut Sheriff says: "Really?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Boys?"
Larry runs away screaming as Coffee Cop and French Fry give chase. After which, the news channel continues its broadcast on the bank robbery.
Kip Schlezinger says: "To give the illusion of varied coverage, let's go to our man in the street and get his eyewitness report."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Mike?"
Mike says: "Well, I'm at ground level, so I can't really see anything."
Mike says: "Uhh, back to the chopper."
Kip Schlezinger says: "Aaand we've lost him."
Honest Mistake.
Richard finally arrives at home, and, after another catastrophic parking attempt, bursts in through the front door.
Richard says: "You'll never believe what happened!"
Richard says: "I got us a free lunch!"
Nicole says: "No Richard, you robbed a bank!"
Gumball says: "Mom, he can't hear with that thing on."
Nicole grunts, and strikes the top of the helmet with her hand. It splits down the middle and falls off, revealing Richard's compressed head.
Nicole says: "It's all over the news!"
Nicole says: "It's on every channel!"
Richard says: "Really?"
Richard says: "For free burgers?"
Richard says: "Slow news day."
Nicole says: "Richard, you didn't go to Joyful Burger."
Nicole says: "You went to the bank, and you stole two million dollars!"
Richard glances at the television, then to the bags he is carrying.
Richard says: "Oh my gosh!"
Richard says: "We have no lunch!"
He kneels on the floor and starts sobbing into his hands.
Anais says: "We gotta return that money."
Anais says: "But we're gonna need to be clever about it."
The Wattersons are standing in an alley between two buildings. On the sidewalk next to them is a nondescript briefcase, which is promptly retrieved by Goblin.
Goblin says: "Taxi!"
Anais says: "Why didn't we use a suitcase like that?"
Richard says: "This is all we had."
Richard says: "Besides, I don't want to give away a nice one."
Nicole says: "Richard, just go!"
Richard whimpers, grabs the handle, and starts to walk away.
Nicole says: "Ah."
Nicole says: "One thing."
Nicole says: "Good luck."
Anais says: "Ahh, it feels good to do the right thing, Mom."
Nicole says: "Somebody stop him!"
Nicole is flailing her arms and legs to try and escape from Gumball and Darwin, who are restraining her.
Nicole says: "Bring him down!"
Nicole says: "Bring him down!"
Nicole says: "Stop that man!"
Nearly to the bank, Richard nervously holds up a newspaper to conceal his face. He stops out front, surrounded by several police officers.
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh hi, Mr."
Donut Sheriff says: "Watterson!"
Richard says: "I mean, hi."
Donut Sheriff says: "Say, I'd love to stay and chat, but we're on the trail of a bank robber."
Richard says: "Oh yeah, I heard about that, ha."
Richard says: "Maybe it was an accident?"
Coffee Cop says: "Accidental bank robbery?"
Coffee Cop says: "That actually carries a higher jail time than regular bank robberies."
Coffee Cop says: "Hey Earl, what're we looking at for accidental?"
Earl says: "Life, at least!"
Earl says: "And that's too good for 'em if you ask me!"
Earl says: "Am I right, fellas?!"
Earl says: "!"
The cops speak simultaneously in agreement.
Coffee Cop says: "You're right!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Yeah, yeah, you're right!"
Coffee Cop says: "The worst!"
Earl says: "I know, right?"
Coffee Cop says: "Don't even get me started!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Anyway, what brings you here?"
The three are confused, as Richard has suddenly vanished, leaving the travel bag behind. He rushes back to the alley and rejoins his family.
Richard says: "We need another plan!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh, excuse me."
Donut Sheriff says: "So sorry to interrupt."
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh, you forgot your..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Here you go."
He wheels the bag forward. The Wattersons are silently staring at it in terror.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay, well, uhh..."
Donut Sheriff says: "enjoy your alleyway."
They all let out a sigh of relief.
Fiscal Responsibility.
Nicole's Plan.
Nicole says: "All right, here's the plan."
Nicole says: "We do a heist."
Richard says: "Huh?!"
Gumball says: "Huh?!"
Darwin says: "Huh?!"
Anais says: "Huh?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "But in reverse."
Nicole visualizes her plan as she describes it in detail.
Nicole says: "It's a normal day at the bank, and the mailman brings a mysterious package."
Nicole says: "He takes it to an unsuspecting Larry at the counter, who signs for it and reads instructions telling him not to open it until Christmas."
Nicole says: "Naturally, Larry would want to keep the box safe."
Nicole says: "And where is safer than the bank's vault?"
Nicole says: "At the end of the day, when everyone has left, I make my move."
Nicole says: "I make my way to the safety deposit boxes, avoiding the high-tech state-of-the-art security system."
Nicole says: "All I have to do, is put the money back."
Nicole says: "I put the money back..."
The Nicole that she is imagining falters.
Imaginary Nicole says: "Really?"
Nicole says: "I put the money baaack in our account."
Nicole says: "We purchase first class one-way tickets to Martinique, and spend the rest of our lives living in sunshine and total luxury!"
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Darwin says: "Mom!"
Anais says: "Mom!"
The Watterson kids glare at their mother, who is now clutching onto the travel bag.
Anais says: "Shoulda seen that coming."
Gumball's Plan.
Gumball says: "Ooh, ooh!"
Gumball says: "I-I got one!"
Gumball starts to visualize.
Gumball says: "It's the dead of night, and I've got the cash."
Gumball says: "I go to an ATM, but instead of taking money out, I put the money in."
Gumball shoves money into the ATM, causing it to have errors.  A siren wails.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hold your horses, bucky-o."
Donut Sheriff says: "I've been eyeballing you cramming that there money box full of Benjamins for the last three days."
Donut Sheriff says: "It's a first class ticket to the birdhouse for you."
Donut Sheriff says: "Kapoosh?"
Scene switches back to the alleyway.
Anais says: "Birdhouse?"
Darwin says: "Bucky-o?"
Richard says: "Kapoosh?"
Nicole says: "Kapoosh?"
Darwin says: "Kapoosh?"
Anais says: "Kapoosh?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "That's how cops talk."
Anais says: "No one speaks like that in this or any other branch of reality, kapoosh?"
Anais' Plan.
Anais says: "Okay, here's what we do."
Her vision begins.
Anais says: "We put the money back from inside."
Anais says: "You see, the bank accepts one internship every year."
Anais says: "I study to take the financial services exam, and pass with distinction."
Anais says: "Working weekends and taking every hour of overtime available, I work my way up from intern to assistant manager, assistant manager to manager, and from manager to regional manager."
Anais says: "All I need to do then, is deposit a dollar a day into the bank's central account as an aggregated transactional fee every day, thus returning the money."
Anais says: "One single dollar, every single day."
Anais says: "Practically undetectable."
Gumball says: "Wait, giving back two million dollars one day at a time?"
Gumball says: "Wouldn't you have to work there for like..."
Gumball says: "two m-mil-million days?"
Richard's Plan.
Richard says: "No, wait."
Richard says: "I've got it!"
Richard says: "Just before the police catch me, I manage to bury the money somewhere no one will find it."
Richard says: "And so I know where it is, I leave myself a subtle clue."
Richard says: "After being apprehended, I'm sentenced to twenty years in the state penitentiary."
Richard says: "But I have a plan!"
Richard says: "I'm going to tunnel my way out."
Richard says: "Unfortunately, all they had in the canteen was plastic sporks."
Richard says: "It took me twenty years, but I was out!"
Richard says: "Then, all I have to do is collect the money..."
Richard says: "What the?!"
Richard says: "!"
The imaginary Richard takes a taxi to his home, which has become a decadent mansion. There, he is greeted by his notably wealthy and posh family.
Richard says: "Hey!"
Richard says: "What's going on?!"
Richard says: "!"
Nicole says: "Oh, Richard darling!"
Nicole says: "How lovely to see you."
Richard says: "Did you spend all the money?"
Gumball says: "Well, it seemed rather a shame not to."
Anais says: "Yes, Papa, 'twasn't even earning interest."
Richard says: "Wait, how did you know where I hid it?"
Nicole says: "We were watching your flash-forward."
Gumball says: "We were watching your flash-forward."
Darwin says: "We were watching your flash-forward."
Anais says: "We were watching your flash-forward."
Returning to reality.
Richard says: "Oh come on!"
Richard says: "That doesn't seem fair!"
Nicole says: "You did rob a bank."
Richard says: "Hmph!"
Darwin's Plan.
Richard says: "Darwin, do you have an idea?"
The Wattersons look around, but Darwin and the money are nowhere in sight.
Richard says: "Darwin?"
They all gasp when he appears on-screen again.
Darwin says: "I did it!"
Darwin says: "I just dropped the money back in the bank!"
Darwin says: "Problem solved."
The family begins to celebrate together.
Gumball says: "We did it!"
Gumball says: "Woo-hoo!"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh, you guys are gonna have to clear the area."
Donut Sheriff says: "We just found a suspicious package in the bank!"
Donut Sheriff says: "But don't worry, we're gonna do a controlled explosion!"
Before the Wattersons can react, a powerful explosion rocks the area. They watch helplessly as the flaming bills rain from the sky.
Gumball says: "Well, we tried."
The episode ends.