Who Did This?
Gumball and Darwin are at school. Gumball is opening his locker.
Gumball says: "I think cheese is better than cake, because you can have cheesecake, but you can't have cake cheese."
Gumball opens his locker. Suddenly, a large, wrapped object falls out onto the ground. Gumball gasps. Students all start to gather around the object.
Banana Joe says: "Ugh!"
Banana Joe says: "What is it?"
Tobias​ says: "I don't know!"
Leslie​ says: "Ah, it smells like manure!"
Alan​​​​​​​​ says: "It looks like a rancid burrito."
Gumball says: "I think it just moved."
Penny says: "Somebody do something!"
Tobias pokes the wrapped up object with his stick.
Lucy Simian says: "What's going on here?"
Lucy Simian says: "What are you poking?"
Lucy Simian says: "Euugghh!"
Lucy Simian says: "It looks like a wet diaper!"
Miss Simian unravels the object, revealing Principal Brown, shaved and covered in paint.
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel!"
Students says: "It's Principal Brown!"
Miss Simian cradles Principal Brown.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, my sweet Nigel."
Lucy Simian says: "Who would shave you, paint you, wrap you in toilet paper and shut you in Watterson's locker?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "Who did this?"
The students look at Miss Simian.
Lucy Simian says: "Who did this?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "I want everyone in class now!"
The students run to Miss Simian's classroom, revealing Rocky, who is cleaning the floor.
Lucy Simian says: "I said everyone!"
Rocky runs to with the rest of the class.
Rocky says: "Eww, what's that?"
Rocky says: "It looks like—"
Lucy Simian says: "We know what it looks like!"
Rocky gets back to running.
Scene cuts to Miss Simian's classroom.
Lucy Simian says: "I'm taking Principal Brown to the nurse's office!"
Nigel Brown says: "Nurse..."
Lucy Simian says: "Come, Nigel."
Miss Simian walks away, then pops back.
Lucy Simian says: "And if the culprit hasn't owned up by the time I get back, you're all in detention!"
Miss Simian slams the door of the classroom and leaves. Bobert is seen standing still at the stairs.
The Investigation.
Gumball says: "So, what do you guys think happened to Principal Brown?"
Sussie says: "Well, I saw him at the end of school, so it must have happened after that."
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "So, who stayed after school yesterday?"
Penny says: "I was doing cheerleader stuff!"
Rocky says: "I was cleaning late."
Gumball says: "I had detention."
Darwin says: "I can't remember."
Carmen says: "So, you are all suspects."
Banana Joe says: "Oh, c'mon, it was obviously Gumball!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Yeah!"
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "Brown was found in his locker."
Everyone looks angrily at Gumball. Darwin then follows suit.
Gumball says: "Guys, I didn't do it."
Gumball says: "But I'm gonna find out who did."
Gumball says: "And I think I know just how."
Gumball says: "Whoever did it, raise your hand!"
No one raises their hand.
Gumball says: "Okay, whoever didn't do it, raise your hand!"
Everyone raises their hand, except Alan. They all look at him.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball says: "So you did it!"
Alan​​​​​​ says: "Dude!"
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I don't have any hands!"
Gumball says: "Darn, you're good."
Penny says: "Aren't you supposed to..."
Penny says: "like..."
Penny says: "look for clues or something?"
Gumball says: "Hmmm, clues..."
Gumball says: "Like those paint splatters all over your pompoms!"
A big spotlight shines at Penny and everyone looks at her and gasps, surprised.
Penny says: "No, wait!"
Penny says: "I can explain!"
Gumball says: "There's only one explanation, it was a crime of passion."
Penny says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "You knew Principal Brown put me in detention last night, and overwhelmed by your feelings for me, you confronted him in his office."
A recreation plays similar to a film noir.
Penny says: "Please, let him go."
Penny says: "I love him, Principal Brown!"
Nigel Brown says: "He's nothing but a rogue!"
Penny says: "But he's noble and strong and brave and handsome!"
Penny says: "So handsome!"
Penny says: "He might be the best looking guy in..."
Recreation fades back to Gumball, who finishes the sentence.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "the whole school!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Gumball, have you seen your yearbook photo?"
Leslie holds up a yearbook and points at Gumball's photo. He has a derpy pose and face on the photo.
Gumball says: "No interruptions, please."
Gumball says: "We all know how handsome..."
Back to recreation.
Nigel Brown says: "..."
Nigel Brown says: "Gumball is, but he's still in detention!"
Penny says: "Then you leave me no choice!"
Gumball says: "It was then that you pompom'd him unconscious."
Penny hits Principal Brown with her pompom. Then multiple scenes start playing as Gumball narrates.
Gumball says: "Shaved off his hair to punish him, covered him in paint to humiliate him, wrapped him in toilet paper to keep him quiet, and stuffed him in my locker as proof of your deranged obsession for me!"
Penny laughs maniacally and sneak away from Gumball's locker in the last scene.
End of recreation.
Gumball says: "It was you!"
Gumball says: "But I forgive you, because I am madly in love with you too."
Penny says: "Yeah, well, that's not quite what happened."
Flashback to yesterday at the school stairwell, Penny hangs her finished painting.
Penny says: "I had finally finished my painting of the cheerleaders, and I went to hang it in the stairwell."
Penny says: "I guess it was still wet, and I must have got paint on my pompoms."
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "And did anyone see you supposedly hang this alleged painting in this "so-called" stairwell?"
Penny says: "Yeah."
Penny says: "You did."
Flashback begins. Penny hangs her finished painting, as Gumball comes around the stairwell.
Gumball says: "Hey, Penny!"
Gumball says: "I love you!"
Gumball says: "Your painting!"
Gumball says: "Your painting."
Gumball says: "I love your painting."
Gumball facepalms and walks off. End of flashback.
Penny says: "Remember?"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
The spotlight switches off.
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "So if Penny didn't do it, who did?"
Gumball says: "Hmmm."
Gumball says: "It must have been..."
Gumball says: "you!"
Gumball points to Rocky, but the  spotlight does not switch on.
Gumball says: "I said it was him!"
The spotlight shines on Gumball but slowly moves to Rocky. Rocky and the students gasp when the spotlight shines on him.
Rocky says: "Why me?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well..."
Another recreation begins. Rocky is walking in the hallway.
Gumball says: "Yesterday, you were wandering around when suddenly, at the age of twenty-seven, you've realized your youth was behind you."
Rocky says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Then all your hair fell out."
Rocky's hair falls out.
Rocky says: "Bummer."
Principal Brown passes by while humming.
Gumball says: "When you saw Principal Brown's lustrous hairy coat, you were overcome with jealousy."
Gumball says: "And acting on impulse, you attacked him."
Rocky tackles Principal Brown, then numerous scenes start playing all at once.
Gumball says: "You frantically plucked out all of his hair, dyed it the right color, and used it to cover your balding shame."
Gumball says: "Then, planning to mislead any investigation, you painted Principal Brown, wrapped him in toilet paper, and stuffed him into my locker, the perfect crime."
Gumball says: "Save for one thing!"
Rocky says: "Huh?!"
Rocky says: "!"
End of recreation.
Gumball says: "When you stuck the new hair on your body, there wasn't quite enough, which explains this bald spot on your hand!"
The students gasp.
Rocky says: "Dude, you've got it all wrong!"
Rocky says: "I got this bald spot when I was cleaning yesterday."
Rocky says: "You see, I spilled some really strong chemicals on my hand, and it burnt off the hair."
Rocky says: "See?"
Rocky spills the chemicals onto his arm.
Rocky says: "Aaaaaahhh!"
Gumball says: "If that's the case, how come I can just pull your hair right off?"
Gumball tries to pull Rocky's hair.
Rocky says: "Agh!"
Rocky says: "Oh!"
Rocky says: "Stop!"
Gumball stops for a moment, then tries again.
Rocky says: "Ow!"
Rocky says: "No!"
Rocky says: "Agh!"
Gumball says: "Oh, okay then, I guess it wasn't you."
The spotlight switches off.
Darwin says: "Who could it be?"
Darwin says: "All this suspense is making me sweaty."
Gumball says: "Why don't you just wipe your brow with that toilet paper suspiciously stuck to the bottom of your shoe?"
Gumball says: "I can't believe I'm gonna have to say this, buddy, but, it was you!"
The students and Darwin gasp and the spotlight shines on Darwin.
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin says: "I did it!"
Darwin says: "I'm a monster!"
Darwin says: "A monster!"
Darwin says: "Just lock me up!"
Darwin says: "I'm a menace to society!"
Darwin falls on his knees, sobbing. He then plops on the floor.
Darwin says: "Take me away!"
Gumball says: "I rest my case."
Carmen says: "But Darwin couldn't have done it!"
The spotlight switches off.
Darwin says: "Really?"
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "We all saw you on the bus when we went home."
Darwin says: "Then how'd you explain the toilet paper?"
The spotlight shines on Darwin again.
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "You've had it on your feet all day, dude, didn't you notice?"
Flashback to where Darwin is walking with toilet paper on his shoe, leaving a very long trail as he goes into different rooms. He goes down the hallway, up the stairs, down the stairs, back down the hallway, then onto the school bus, as the shutting door cuts it off.
Darwin says: "Nope!"
The spotlight switches off.
Darwin says: "Don't remember any toilet paper."
Gumball says: "So it wasn't Penny, it wasn't Rocky, and it wasn't Darwin."
Gumball says: "Which leaves us with only one suspect."
Gumball says: "The only person who knew the combination to the locker Principal Brown was found in."
Gumball says: "You!"
The students gasp as Gumball points at himself and the spotlight goes on him.
Gumball says: "Oh, heh heh."
Students says: "Hmm!"
Lucy Simian says: "That's all the proof I need."
Lucy Simian says: "You're coming with me, Watterson!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "You're forgetting one bit of crucial evidence!"
Lucy Simian says: "And what's that?!"
Lucy Simian says: "!"
The spotlight switches off.
Gumball says: "I'll just..."
Gumball says: "go and get it."
Brief silence.
Lucy Simian says: "He's not coming back, is he?"
Students says: "No..."
Lucy Simian says: "No homework for the one who catches him!"
The class runs off.
The Chase.
Gumball runs to the library. Molly, Leslie, Tina, Rocky, Tobias, Idaho, Carmen and Anton are blocking him, then Molly kicks Banana Joe out of his peel, but Gumball jumps over and Banana Joe lands in Anton's face becoming a Banana toast spread. Gumball then jumps over Molly and Leslie before rapidly sliding away on a ladder.
Gumball says: "Ahahaha!"
A book hits Gumball on the head, and it's revealed that Tobias, Anton and Idaho are also on a ladder chasing him.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Quick!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Give me something else to throw!"
Tobias and Anton look at Idaho.
Idaho says: "What?"
Idaho gets thrown at Gumball and hits him in the head.
Idaho says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "Stop throwing stuff at me, I'm innocent!"
Gumball, Tobias, and Anton fly to bookshelves, causing Carrie, Juke, and Teri to look up from their books. Then Gumball jumps from the falling bookshelves, Tina tries to eat him but misses, causing the bookshelves to fall on her.
Tina says: "Ouch."
Librarian says: "Shh!"
Gumball is back in the hallway, running from Tina, Tobias, Anton, and Leslie.
Gumball says: "Leave me alone!"
Gumball says: "I'm innocent!"
Gumball says: "I would never hurt Principal Brown!"
Scene cuts to Principal Brown on a metal bed in the nurse's office.
Nigel Brown says: "I think I'm feeling a little better."
Gumball runs into his bed, causing him to crash through the window.
Nigel Brown says: "Aaaaaah!"
The students gather around the broken window, as Gumball looks at them nervously and sneaks away.
Nigel Brown says: "This is extraordinarily painful."
Nigel Brown says: "It couldn't possibly get any worse!"
A school bus reverses and runs over him off-screen. A crunch sound is heard.
Students says: "Ohhhh!"
The True Culprit.
Gumball runs into a shut off Bobert.
Gumball says: "Bobert?"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Don't turn me in!"
Gumball says: "Oh, you've been switched off."
Gumball turns Bobert on.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Don't turn me in!"
Bobert says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "Principal Brown was attacked, and everyone thinks it was me!"
Bobert says: "But it wasn't you."
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "Wait, how come you believe me?"
Bobert says: "I saw..."
Bobert says: "everything."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Lucy Simian says: "GUMBAAAAAAAALL!!"
Lucy Simian says: "GET HIM!!"
Everyone runs toward Gumball screaming.
Gumball says: "STOOOOOOOOP!"
Everyone stops on their tracks.
Gumball says: "New evidence has come to light!"
Gumball says: "Tell them what happened, dude!"
Bobert says: "I can do better than that."
Bobert says: "I can play you my memory."
Bobert projects a hologram to show the footage as he narrates it.
Bobert says: "First, Penny hung her hideous painting on the wall."
Penny says: "Hey!"
Bobert says: "Then, Gumball turned up, looking love struck as usual."
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Bobert says: "Next, Darwin walked down the stairs, trailing toilet paper like a nincompoop."
Darwin says: "What's a nincompoop?"
Gumball says: "Somebody like you."
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Bobert says: "Then, Rocky dropped a bottle of chemicals on the floor, looking quite old."
Rocky says: "Hey!"
Bobert says: "And finally came Principal Brown, whose office door suddenly flew open, leaving him disoriented and dizzy."
Bobert says: "He fell down the stairs, rolling himself in Darwin's toilet paper, smashed into Penny's artwork, covering his face in paint, then fell back into Rocky's chemicals, burning off his hair, then down more stairs, wrapping himself into even more toilet paper, and finally into Gumball's locker."
The hologram ends.
Penny says: "But why didn't you say something before?"
Bobert says: "Well, it was so funny, I blew a fuse."
Bobert says: "I was like, "Ha."
Bobert says: "Ha."
Bobert says: "Ha."
Bobert says: "Ha."
Gumball says: "He's done it again."
Gumball turns Bobert back on.
Bobert says: "On."
Penny says: "So, the true culprit is the person who threw open Principal Brown's door!"
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Gumball says: "And I know just how to find out."
Gumball says: "Whoever opened the door, put your hand up."
No one raises their hand.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Bobert says: "Why don't I just replay the tape?"
Replays the footage quickly.
Gumball says: "Stop there!"
The video stops the video on the part of Principal Brown walking down the hallway.
Gumball says: "Now forward slowly."
Footage slowly moves.
Gumball says: "Freeze!"
Video pauses on the door swinging open, hitting Principal Brown.
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "Zoom in fifty percent."
The video does as told.
Gumball says: "Zoom in one-hundred percent."
The video does as told again.
Gumball says: "Zoom in another one-hundred percent."
The video does as told yet again.
Gumball says: "Enhance video."
The video enhances and reveals it was Miss Simian who opened the door all along. The students gasp in shock.
Gumball says: "It was you all along!"
Gumball says: "We're going to tell Principal Brown!"
Lucy Simian says: "Tell him what?"
Gumball says: "What we just saw on Bobert's memory."
Lucy Simian says: "What memory?"
Miss Simian erases Bobert's memory.
Bobert says: "Erase memoryyyyyyy."
Bobert says: "Who..."
Bobert says: "am I?"
Darwin says: "That's not fair!"
Gumball says: "How do you sleep at night, Miss Simian?"
Lucy Simian says: "Like a baby."
Principal Brown opens his door suddenly, which knocks Miss Simian off-screen.
Lucy Simian says: "Aaaaaah!"
Nigel Brown says: "Has anyone seen Miss Simian?"
Miss Simian crashes through a window.
Lucy Simian says: "Aaaaaah!"
The students gather around the broken window.
Darwin says: "Don't worry, Miss Simian!"
Darwin says: "We just called an ambulance!"
An ambulance reverses and runs over Miss Simian off-screen. A crunch sound is heard.
Students says: "Ohhhhh!"
Episode ends.