Crews.
Gumball and Darwin sit on the front porch of their house.
Gumball says: "No, dude, the cheerleaders aren't the most hardcore crew."
Gumball says: "If you fight them, they'll just be cheering you to win."
Darwin says: "How 'bout the drama kids?"
Darwin says: "They're masters of disguise!"
Gumball says: "Eh, I don't want to join a crew that wears wigs and tights."
Gumball says: "How 'bout the bullies?"
Darwin says: "It's already too late for us."
Darwin says: "Darn you, loving parents!"
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
Gumball says: "Maybe we should think bigger."
Darwin says: "You know who really rules the school?"
Darwin says: "Teachers."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but do you seriously want to put up with us two all day?"
Gumball says: "I don't think it pays that well, either."
Gumball says: "I mean, you've seen Principal Brown working at the car wash."
Flashback to the car wash, where Principal Brown is "working" as a spinning brush, then back to the porch.
Gumball says: "I think we can do better than that."
Most Hardcore Crew.
Rap music plays as Donald, Marvin and Betty walk down the street.
Gumball says: "Are you seeing what I'm seeing?"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure."
Donald says: "Curse this arthritis!"
Darwin says: "What exactly do you see?"
Gumball says: "I see people who don't pay the government; the government pays them to sit around all day and watch TV!"
Gumball says: "I see people so street that they have their own seats on the bus, in which nobody else dares to sit!"
Gumball says: "I see people who can say the most offensive things that come into their heads and get away with it because things were different back then!"
Gumball says: "Do you see what I see?"
Darwin says: "The most hardcore crew on the streets of Elmore!"
In front of the seniors' house.
Darwin says: "It's gonna take a lot to get noticed by these guys!"
Gumball says: "I know, they're pretty baller."
Gumball says: "Try and do a fly walk."
Gumball says: "Dude, what was that?"
Darwin says: "I don't know, I just got really walk-conscious."
Darwin says: "You do it!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "I-I'll try to wear my pants low, for a better street effect."
Gumball says: "Is it working?"
Gumball says: "I kinda feel like a toddler."
Darwin says: "Keep your chin high, like you're scared of nothin'!"
Darwin says: "Higher!"
Darwin says: "Higher!"
Gumball says: "Excuse me?"
Marvin says: "Oh, sorry, you were only talking to me."
Marvin says: "It's just, I'm not used to being treated like a human being anymore."
Marvin says: "So, what do you want, kid?"
Joining the Crew.
Gumball says: "We wanna be part of your crew!"
Marvin says: "Huh?"
Marvin says: "You wanna be a senior citizen?"
Gumball says: "I know we have to earn it first."
Gumball says: "How did you get in?"
Marvin says: "I worked a thankless job for sixty-three years, then I was given a fake gold pen and got cast aside by society."
Gumball says: "We'll do anything."
Marvin says: "You could just drop by for a chat from time to time."
Marvin says: "It would be nice to feel like we exist."
Gumball says: "YES!"
Darwin says: "YES!"
Gumball says: "Thank you!"
Darwin says: "Thank you!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna be part of the crew, we're gonna be part of the crew, we're gonna be part of the crew..."
Darwin says: "We're gonna be part of the crew, we're gonna be part of the crew, we're gonna be part of the crew..."
At the Wattersons' house.
Gumball says: "Okay, if we're going to be seniors, we have to look the part."
Darwin says: "Respect your elders!"
Darwin says: "Represent, seniors!"
Gumball says: "No, no, no, seniorz, with a "z."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Zeniors!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Gumball says: "We just have to look old-school."
Darwin says: "We need wrinkles!"
At the pool of toxic waste.
Darwin says: "I don't think pollution is that great at aging us."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I don't feel much different."
Darwin says: "Well, at least there were no side effects."
Gumball says: "I don't know, I'm pretty sure I can hear your thoughts now."
Darwin says: "Let's get out of here before anything happens to me!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Language!"
In the backyard of the Wattersons' house, Gumball and Darwin cover themselves in salt.
Gumball says: "Now we just need to hang in the sun, and that should jerkify us up real nice."
They hang on the clothesline. Richard smells them from the living room and licks them.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Dad, you moisturized us!"
Richard says: "I don't know what's more upsetting: the fact I was gonna eat you, or the fact I can't."
Gumball and Darwin have their heads in the bathtub.
Darwin says: "Are you pruned yet?"
Gumball says: "Mm-hmm."
They blow-dry their faces.
Gumball says: "Awesome, you look like a really thirsty reptile."
Their skin falls off, revealing baby faces.
Gumball says: "Oh, man, we look even younger than before!"
Gumball and Darwin cry and exit off-screen.
Aging faster.
Gumball says: "Rah!"
Gumball says: "We still look like we've got our whole lives ahead of us."
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom says she'd look ten years younger if she didn't have kids."
Darwin says: "Maybe we can age ourselves just like we aged her."
Gumball says: "Ok, one, two, three: DARWIN WHY CAN'T I STAY UP LATE TONIGHT TOBIAS' MOM LETS HIM AND HE'S ALLOWED TO HAVE!"
Gumball and Darwin yell at each other until they start getting wrinkles and grey hair.
Gumball says: "Alright, stop!"
Gumball says: "Before we turn to dust!"
Gumball says: "Awesome!"
Darwin says: "Awesome!"
Gumball says: "Now we need a swagtastic limp."
A short scene shows Gumball and Darwin skating in high heels.
Gumball says: "Alright, I get it."
Gumball says: "Skating in these heels, my body should look like a butcher's window, but look:  I can kickflip!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, let's just give up."
Gumball says: "I don't know why mom says heels are instruments of torture."
Gumball and Darwin start walking away but fall to their knees.
Gumball says: "Yeah, we did it!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh.
Gumball says: "Are you just laughing because you know that when you stop, you'll be crying for the rest of your life?"
Darwin nods. Gumball and Darwin continue laughing.
Back to the Wattersons' house.
Gumball says: "Ok, we've got the limp, now what we need is the crew uniform."
Gumball says: "Little help, please?"
Darwin pulls Gumball's pants down, and he sheds a tear.
Gumball says: "Now I know why they walk so slow."
Gumball says: "Your turn, come on!"
Gumball says: "The higher the pants, the most street cred you get."
Darwin says: "Cool?"
Gumball says: "Bad circulation cool."
Gumball says: "And for the final touch, a bit of bling."
A Message.
Rap music plays as they put on their hearing aids. The scene changes to the seniors' house, where Gumball and Darwin paint the fence.
Betty​​​​​ says: "When you offered to paint the fence that's not what I had in mind."
Gumball says: "Anything else we can do for ya?"
Marvin says: "Maybe you could help me with something."
Marvin says: "There's a guy by the name of Louie."
Marvin says: "He was one of us, but one day he decided he couldn't take the heat anymore and left the crew."
Marvin says: "I'd like you guys to send him a message."
Gumball says: "A message?"
Marvin says: "Yes, a message."
Gumball says: "As in, a message message?"
Marvin says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "A serious message—"
Gumball says: "?"
Marvin says: "Yes, a serious message!"
Marvin says: "Yeah, it's a darned shame."
Marvin says: "I loved Louie, I'm gonna miss him."
Marvin says: "Can you take care of it for the crew?"
Gumball says: "Sure, yeah."
Gumball says: "We'll take care of it."
Gumball says: "Uh, when?"
Marvin says: "Right now."
Marvin says: "Wait, wait!"
Marvin says: "You'll need the cellphone if you're gonna send the message!"
Betty​​​​​ says: "What did he say?"
Marvin says: "What did who say?"
Donald says: "What did you say?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "What did you both say?"
Donald says: "What did she say?"
Marvin says: "What did you say?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "What did who say?"
Donald says: "What did he say?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "What did she say?"
Marvin says: "Half past three!"
Gumball and Darwin are in their room, hastily throwing their belongings into a suitcase.
Darwin says: "Hurry up!"
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "I spent the whole day ruining my body."
Gumball says: "This is as fast as it gets."
Gumball says: "Also,  you are being hysterical."
Darwin says: "We joined the most hardcore crew in Elmore, and now they want us to ice Louie."
Darwin says: "We need to skip town and live under fake identities."
Darwin says: "I think I have every right to be hysterical!"
Gumball says: "Ah, you're right, let's be hysterical."
They run around screaming, then go downstairs.
Darwin says: "I hope our new fake identities live in a house with a stairlift."
Marvin says: "Hey kids, it's me."
Darwin says: "Ah, they're here!"
Darwin says: "That's it, that's it!"
Darwin says: "I'm gonna rat 'em out to the cops."
Darwin says: "Hello, police?"
Darwin says: "I'd like to report dangerous criminal activity."
Darwin says: "Meet us at the sewerage river for a more atmospheric effect."
Marvin says: "What about that message?"
Gumball says: "Stay quiet."
Gumball says: "I think they're gone."
Gumball and Marvin's hearing aids interfere through the door, and they both fall.
Darwin says: "Gumball, this way!"
Marvin says: "Hey, come back!"
Marvin says: "I can't see anything, pass me a glasses."
Marvin says: "They are going out the back!"
Marvin says: "Betty, you head them off, Donald, you come with me."
Rap music plays as Gumball and Darwin leave the house. They shoot a garden hose at Betty, and her scooter hits a parked car in slow-motion. Marvin and Donald see Gumball and Darwin enter Mr. Robinson's house, and they try to break into it.
Gaylord says: "What is going on here?"
Marvin says: "No time to explain!"
Gaylord says: "Are you sure?"
Gaylord says: "Because you're still here."
Gaylord says: "Forget it, I've lost interest."
They all walk out of the house.
Marvin says: "Hey, wait!"
Gumball and Darwin ride the bus to a stop a few feet away.
Gary says: "Last stop, everybody out!"
Gumball and Darwin jump out of the bus. They keep running and eventually make it to the old river.
Gumball says: "Jump!"
Both jump in slow-motion.
Gumball and Darwin fall down and fall into pieces. They reattach their parts; Marvin, Donald and Betty approach.
Marvin says: "Time to send that message."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "We don't wanna be part of your crew anymore."
Darwin says: "We thought it was cool to be hardcore, but we never wanted to be criminals."
Gumball says: "You wear your pants in a funny way, you pretend to have a limp, you twist your fingers to make letters, all so you can look hard..."
Gumball says: "but deep inside, you just wanna belong."
Darwin says: "We already belong to a crew."
Darwin says: "It's called the people of this world, and Earth is our turf."
Betty​​​​​ says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Society."
Darwin says: "Society."
Gumball says: "Farewell."
Gumball and Darwin walk away.
Marvin says: "Prison?"
Betty​​​​​ says: "Prison?"
Donald says: "Prison?"
The senior citizens are quickly surrounded by police.
Donut Sheriff says: "Freeze!"
Marvin says: "Hey, we just wanted them to send a text message."
Donut Sheriff says: "No, stop!"
The Doughnut Sheriff tases them, ending the episode.