The Trash Can Feud.
The episode starts with Richard, in his bathrobe, trying to stuff a trash bag into the overflowing bin. He tries to push it down with a stick, but it hits him in the face, landing in his mouth. He tastes it and gags. He then ties his robe belt around his forehead and punches the trash down, but that only sends up a cloud of stink. Then, he roundhouse kicks the bin but only falls over, followed by his house shoe falling on his face. After that, he climbs to the top of the lamppost.
Richard says: "SUPER SLAM FLYING ATTACK!!"
He slams onto the trash, but the bags reinflate under him and overturn the bin with him inside. After this attempt, he gives up.
Richard says: "Ugh!"
Then, he sees the Robinsons' empty trash bin and gets an idea. He glances around, and drops his trash into their bin.
Gaylord says: "This is a senior citizen's arrest!"
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "Why?"
Gaylord says: "For littering."
Richard says: "It's not littering if I'm putting trash in a trash can."
Gaylord says: "It is if it's my trash can."
Gaylord says: "I knew you'd been stuffing your trash in here."
Gaylord says: "It took me a week, but I caught you red-handed."
Richard says: "Wait, you've been hiding there for a week?"
Gaylord says: "What I do with my retirement is my own business."
Gaylord says: "Now leave this trash can alone."
Gaylord says: "I own it!"
Richard says: "But it's empty."
Richard says: "You don't own the air inside it."
Gaylord says: "Yes I do!"
Richard says: "You can't own nothing!"
Gaylord says: "But I own the lid to nothing, and it stays shut!"
Gaylord says: "Hmph!"
Richard says: "Oh, think puffing out your chest is going to intimidate me?"
Richard says: "Don't laugh!"
Gaylord says: "Don't poke me!"
Richard says: "I will poke you whenever I like!"
Both Richard and Mr. Robinson push their fists together, electricity can be seen. Mr. Robinson loses out, and gets punched in the nose.
Gaylord says: "Ahh!"
House Arrest.
The scene cuts to the Watterson living room, where the Wattersons are.
Richard says: "And the police said I have to wear this thing for..."
Changes to Mr. Robinson's house.
Gaylord says: "Six weeks."
Gaylord says: "And I can't leave the house or it..."
Back to Wattersons' house.
Richard says: "Sets off an alarm and I'll be..."
Back to Robinson's house.
Gaylord says: "Sent to prison."
Gaylord says: "And it was all..."
Richard says: "HIS FAULT!"
Gaylord says: "HIS FAULT!"
Gumball says: "Dad, could you explain that again, this time using full sentences?"
Richard says: "I'd love to, but I'm too busy..."
Gaylord says: "Plotting my revenge!"
All the Wattersons hear Mr. Robinson shouting.
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "I see what's happening here."
Richard says: "Boys, I need you to sneak into Mr."
Richard says: "Robinson's house."
Richard says: "There's this old prank I used to do in college."
Gumball says: "College?"
Richard says: "Okay, high school."
Richard says: "Just do as I say."
The Feud Begins.
The scene cuts to Mrs. Robinson carrying groceries into her home. Once inside, she puts the groceries on a dresser. She then leaves.
Suddenly, Gumball and Darwin are heard talking, but aren't seen. They are presumably in the grocery bag.
Gumball says: "Dude, is she gone?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, I think it's safe."
Then, it turns out that the boys aren't in the bags, but in a black and white picture just next to it. The boys are also in black and white.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's do this."
The boys jump out of the painting, turning back into their normal colors.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Now we just need to find the butter."
Gumball says: "canned pizza, canned yogurt, canned water?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Shh!"
Darwin says: "Just find the canned butter and get on with it!"
Gumball says: "You know what?"
Gumball says: "Now that we're here I don't think we're doing the right thing."
Darwin says: "Well, we can't disobey Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "He told us to put butter on everything in the house."
Gumball says: "Hmmm..."
Gumball says: "look, let's compromise."
Gumball says: "We'll just pick one thing and butter that."
Buttered Floors.
The scene cuts to Mr. Robinson walking into his living room.
Gaylord says: "Margaret?"
Gaylord says: "We're out of canned toothpaste."
Gaylord says: "AAH!"
Suddenly, Mr. Robinson slips on the floor and slowly slides into the fireplace, a coat hanger, the sofa, and the wall, knocking over some objects in the process. Outside, Gumball and Darwin are watching Mr. Robinson from a window.
Gumball says: "On second thought, maybe we shouldn't have chosen the floor."
Darwin says: "I feel so guilty."
Darwin says: "We've reduced a beautiful vintage gentleman, to a greased up, slidy sausage!"
Gumball says: "We have to make up for this."
Gumball says: "Let's tell Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson we'll help him settle the score with Dad."
I Might Forgive You.
Then, Gumball and Darwin are seen on their hands and knees, crying in front of Mr. Robinson.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "And we only did it because we didn't want to lose the unconditional love of our father!"
Gaylord says: "Under ordinary circumstances, I'd be so furious with you my kidneys would fail."
Gaylord says: "But I think I'll forgive you."
Gumball and Darwin look dried up.
Gumball says: "Good."
Gumball says: "Because I've cried so much, all the moisture is gone from my body."
Gaylord says: "But, I hadn't finished."
Gaylord says: "I'll forgive you if you do something for me first!"
The Bathtub Filled with Cheese.
Richard is getting into his bathtub.
Downstairs, Gumball and Darwin are sitting on the couch.
Gumball says: "I feel so guilty, we betrayed our own father!"
Then, Richard hums while walking down the stairs and into the kitchen.
Darwin says: "Uh, I don't know man, he still looks pretty happy."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Nooooo!"
Gumball says: "Ah..."
Gumball says: "there it is!"
Richard says: "Robinson stole all my cheese!"
Richard says: "But how did he trick the tag?"
Trying to Trick a Tag.
In the next scene, Gumball, Darwin, and Richard are next to their front door.
Richard says: "Okay boys, here's the plan."
Richard says: "Hold my foot."
Then, Richard is seen crawling across the ground, looking stretched out.
Richard says: "You put your dirty hands on my cheese, you get my greasy fingers on your windshield!"
It is seen that Gumball and Darwin are holding Richard's foot, preventing the ankle bracelet from going off.
Gumball says: "Ughhh..."
Gumball says: "I'm losing my grip!"
Darwin says: "His cankle is too wide for my hands!"
Richard is still crawling on the ground, in front of him are small shovels, which he uses to help him crawl.
Darwin says: "Grab his pants!"
Gumball and Darwin grab Richard's pants, but end up letting go of them. Richard's pants go flying off, and he slams into Mr. Robinson's car, making the car alarm go off and setting off Richard's ankle tracker.
What Don't You Understand?
Scene changes to Gumball, Darwin, Richard, and the Donut Cop in the Wattersons' house.
Donut Sheriff says: "What part of under house arrest don't you understand?"
Richard says: "Hmmm..."
Richard says: "I guess the word under."
Richard says: "Because technically you're inside the house."
Donut Sheriff says: "If you leave your house again, we'll find you in fifteen minutes and put you in prison!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Keep an eye on your father, kids."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, officer."
Gumball says: "The whole thing was just a silly feud."
Darwin says: "Now things are even, there's no reason Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson would seek revenge!"
In Mr. Robinson's house, Mr. Robinson walks by a window and notices that there is a huge dent in his car in the shape of Richard's head.
Gaylord says: "My Caaaaaaaaaaaar!"
Bee on a Stick.
In the next scene Mr. Robinson is pushing what appears to be a long stick out the window. Gumball and Darwin are with him.
Gaylord says: "Ehh.."
Gaylord says: "almost."
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson, we need you to stop this feud or you and Dad are gonna end up in prison."
Gaylord says: "Almost there..."
Gaylord says: "darn it!"
Darwin says: "What are you doing, anyway?"
Gaylord says: "Trying to get back at your father, but this thing's still not long enough!"
On the end of the stick, there is a bee taped down to a pencil.
Gumball says: "What the wasp?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "This argument has spiraled into madness!"
Gumball says: "It has to stop."
Gaylord says: "Not till your father pays for what he did to my car."
Gumball says: "Then you leave us no choice, sir."
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Darwin gets Mr. Robinson's alarm clock.
Darwin says: "Stop the feud, or I reset your alarm clock."
Gaylord says: "No!"
Gaylord says: "I won't know how to reprogram it!"
Gumball says: "Then end it!"
Gaylord says: "Never!"
Darwin says: "How would you like to wake up at six?"
Darwin says: "Seven?"
Darwin says: "Eight?"
Darwin says: "Or nine a."
Darwin says: "m."
Darwin says: "?"
Gaylord says: "Nine a."
Gaylord says: "m."
Gaylord says: "?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "I'll lose half the day!"
Gumball says: "You know, this can end anytime you like."
Gaylord says: "Humph."
Gaylord says: "Do your worst."
Gaylord says: "My bladder will wake me up at five anyway."
Gumball says: "Well then, how would you like your radio tuned to young people's music?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin turns the radio to a "young people's music" station, and a parody of the song "Baby" plays.
Gaylord says: "AGH!"
Gaylord says: "HE SAID THE WORD "BABY" OVER SEVENTEEN TIMES!"
Gaylord says: "TURN IT OFF!"
Darwin turns the radio off.
Gaylord says: "Okay!"
Gaylord says: "Okay!"
Gaylord says: "I give up!"
Gaylord says: "I'll end the feud."
Gaylord says: "But please, can you do this one thing for me in return?"
Gaylord says: "I can't leave the house to post this letter."
Gaylord says: "Would you do it for me?"
Gumball says: "Sir, it would be an honor."
Why Can't We Bee Friends?
Scene changes back to the Wattersons' house.
Richard says: "Stick your head out of the front window for a special surprise."
Richard says: "Hmm, all evidence points to this letter being a trap, but what if it's a nice surprise, like a cake or a kiss?"
Richard opens up the window and looks out, and gets stung by the bee attached to Mr. Robinson's stick.
Richard says: "AAH!"
Richard says: "It was a trap!"
Richard says: "Unless this bee tastes of honey."
Richard says: "AAH!"
Richard says: "It doesn't!"
Richard says: "It tastes of pain!"
Darwin says: "Oh, man."
Darwin says: "I knew we should have checked the address."
Gaylord says: "Let's "bee" friends, Watterson."
Richard says: "I hope you like "eyes" cream!"
Gaylord says: "That pun doesn't even make sense!"
Both Richard and Mr. Robinson continue fighting.
Darwin says: "This is never going to stop, is it?"
Richard manages to hit Mr Robinson hard enough for him to fall. He laughs at Mr. Robinson, but the window pane slides down and knocks him out.
Gumball says: "I think we need to do something drastic."
Ending the Feud Where It All Started.
Next scene is Richard and Mr. Robinson inside the garbage can while sleeping. Richard kisses him and they both wake up screaming.
Richard says: "Where are we?"
Gaylord says: "Smells like a dumpster."
Richard tries opening the dumpster.
Richard says: "It's locked."
A video camera appears in front of them.
Gaylord says: "Hmm, play me?"
Gaylord says: "What kind of a musical instrument is this?"
Richard says: "It's a video camera!"
Richard plays the camera. Gumball appears on it.
Gumball says: "Good evening, gentlemen."
Gumball says: "This feud started with a trash can and that's where it's going to end."
Gumball says: "In front of you is a cake."
Richard says: "Mmm."
Gumball says: "Inside the cake is a key."
Gumball says: "By sharing the cake, you'll find the key."
Gumball says: "And learn that sharing is the key..."
Gumball says: "to getting out of there."
Richard gulps and Mr. Robinson looks at him angrily.
Gumball says: "You have fifteen minutes before the police arrive!"
Richard says: "I'm pretty sure it'll be more than fifteen minutes before we see that key again."
Gaylord says: "YOU JELLY BELLY FOOL!"
Gaylord says: "WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gaylord says: "IF YOU DIDN'T SNAG THAT CAKE WE WOULD'VE BEEN OUT OF HERE BY NOW!"
Richard says: "If you shared that trash can, we would've been in here in the first place!"
Darwin says: "Don't you think they should've figured it out by now?"
Gumball says: "I'll go and check."
Gumball says: "Aw man."
Gumball and Darwin start running down hill.
Darwin says: "That was the worst idea you've ever had!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, it was pretty good."
Gumball says: "The mysterious riddle, the positive message, the fact they got to eat a cake."
Mr. Small on his roller blades tries not to lose his balance.
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball says: "Small, watch out!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Don't worry."
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "I'll use my rollerblading skills to avoid it."
Mr. Small jumps in slow motion but the trash can hits him, causing his skates to be left on the ground.
Darwin says: "We're never gonna catch them!"
Gumball says: "I've got an idea."
Gumball says: "But it's really uncool."
Gumball is seen riding Darwin on roller blades while slapping him to go faster.
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Faster!"
Gumball says: "Faster!"
Gumball says: "Faster!"
Gumball says: "Faster!"
Darwin says: "Why are you always trying to motivate me with cruelty, when you know I respond better to emotional rewards?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry man."
Darwin says: "Ah, that's better."
Darwin says: "AHHHHH!"
Gumball says: "Ok!"
Gumball says: "Don't move!"
Gumball says: "Okay, I got this."
Gumball jumps too far and over the trash can causing him and Darwin to crash into each other.
Darwin says: "AHHHH!"
Gumball says: "Okay, maybe a little closer this time."
Gumball says: "Haha!"
Gumball says: "What do we do now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I don't know!"
Darwin says: "Jam the wheel or something!"
Both look around for something. They see Marvin and steal his cane.
Marvin says: "No, please!"
Marvin says: "I'm too old!"
Marvin says: "I can't walk without my cane- Oh, hello."
Gumball says: "Woohoo!"
Darwin says: "Woohoo!"
Gumball says: "Ahhh!"
Darwin says: "There's nothing we could do anymore!"
Darwin says: "They're going to have to jump!"
Gumball says: "Catch me, Darwin!"
The trash can goes downhill and crashes into a car, landing on the road. Gumball and Darwin also roll down hill while watching the trash can crash on the road.
Darwin says: "Uhh, I'm sure they're still okay."
Various cars crash into the garbage bin and the Hector steps on it, a lightning bolt strikes it, and a satellite crashes on it.
Gumball says: "NOOO!"
Darwin says: "NOOO!"
Gumball says: "Oh wait, these are all dad's nacho cheese wrappers."
Gumball says: "This is our trash can!"
Gumball says: "We've been chasing the wrong one."
Darwin says: "Which means they're still in Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson's trash can at home."
Gumball says: "There's still time to get them back in the house before the cops come."
Darwin says: "AHHH!"
Scene changes to Mr. Robinson's trash can.
Gaylord says: "I agree, wearing a tie every day despite neither of us having a job is perfectly appropriate."
Richard says: "It gives you a sense of purpose when you have absolutely nothing to do."
Gaylord says: "You know, Watterson, maybe you and I aren't so different after all."
Richard says: "And all it took was my children locking us in a dumpster to realize it."
Richard says: "We should've just done this in the first place."
Richard says: "Ahh, boys finally."
The Donut Cop appears.
Donut Sheriff says: "The worst part about this job is you give people a second chance and you still end up having to taze them."
Richard says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "That was all his fault!"
Gaylord says: "Don't listen to him, officer!"
Gaylord says: "He's nothing but a good for nothing—"
The Donut Cop tazes them. Episode ends.