The Family Dinner.
Gumball says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Darwin says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Anais says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Gumball says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Darwin says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Anais says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Gumball says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Darwin says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Anais says: "WE WANT FOOD!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais' faces freeze as Nicole begins to narrate.
Nicole says: "It was a day like any other—"
Nicole says: "by which I mean, just as terrible as the rest."
Nicole says: "All I wanted was for us to behave like a normal, civilized family at meal times."
Nicole says: "I might as well have wished for it to rain pancakes."
A pancake falls on Nicole's head, the scene then changes with Richard in view and a piece of pancake on the ceiling peeling off.
Nicole says: "And not just the one the kids made for breakfast."
Gumball, Darwin and Anais continue to chant.
Richard is annoyed and takes the matter in his own hands.
Richard says: "Kids, please."
Richard says: "It needs to be way louder to have any effect."
Richard starts chanting with them.
Scene changes to Nicole, who is annoyed and stirring in the pot faster.
Nicole says: "Was that really necessary?"
Richard says: "But it works better on your pressure."
Richard says: "Anyway, I helped."
Nicole says: "You were supposed to salt the potatoes, boil the carrots and tenderize the meat."
Nicole says: "But instead..."
Nicole opens the oven to show the meat, potatoes and carrots inside.
Richard says: "It's okay if it's not perfect, honey."
Richard says: "It's just nice to eat together for once."
Nicole grumbles.
Richard sniffs, then touches the back of his head.
Richard says: "Hmm, something's burning."
Richard says: "Oh, it's just your eyes burning a hole in the back of my head."
Richard says: "Oh, scratch that, it's your pot catching fire because I distracted you."
Nicole turns around and gasps, then Gumball jumps over the counter.
Gumball says: "Don't panic!"
Gumball says: "In case of fire, you should stop, drop and roll!"
Richard says: "OK!"
Richard and Gumball drop on the floor and roll.
Nicole says: "What the?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Somebody get a blanket!"
Richard says: "Leave it to me!"
Richard races to the dinner table and pulls the table, causing the tablecloth to fall, and the plates and glasses to break.
Richard says: "Gumball, grab the tablecloth!"
Gumball hurriedly grabs the tablecloth and fans the fire, which only serves to.
Anais says: "It's getting worse!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais begin to shriek and panic, but Nicole places the lid on the pot, effectively smothering the fire. Darwin jumps over the counter.
Darwin says: "I got this!"
Darwin sprays a can of whip cream at the pot, but it hits Nicole's face instead. Nicole wipes some whip cream off her face, revealing a red eye. The family gasps and, just as Nicole is about to muster up her anger, the screen freezes.
Nicole says: "That was the moment I asked myself, "How did it come to this, where did I go wrong?"
Nicole says: ""  That's it, it was the day I met him."
Nicole says: "I was on the way to the tournament with Mom and Dad."
The Events That Started It All.
Nicole flashes back to a moment in her childhood. She sits in a car with her parents, on the highway.
Mary says: "Nicole, we need to talk about your report card."
Nicole says: "But, I got straight As!"
Mary says: "Not here."
Mary says: "Gender."
Nicole says: "Uh, yeah!"
Nicole says: ""F" because I'm female!"
Mary says: "Being a girl is not an excuse."
The Senicourts' car reaches a traffic jam.
Daniel says: "Ugh, what is it with this TRAFFIC JAM?!"
Daniel says: "!"
Daniel freaks out and punches the steering wheel, causing the engine to hit the car in the front.
Nicole says: "Dad!"
Nicole says: "Now what am I gonna do?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "How much time have I got?"
Mary says: "Fifty-four thousand three hundred and twenty-one minutes until your graduation, three hundred and seventy-four thousand five hundred and eighty-two minutes until you get your diploma from law school, and seven hundred and fifty-four thousand four hundred and seventy-one minutes until you marry a doctor."
Nicole says: "I mean before the tournament."
Daniel says: "Five minutes."
Daniel says: "You'll make it if you run."
Nicole gets out the car, about to jump over the barrier, Nicole's mother says something to her.
Mary says: "And remember—"
Nicole says: "I know, I know."
Nicole says: "Love you too."
Mary says: "No, I was gonna say second place is first place for losers but yeah, that too."
Nicole says: "Ugh."
Nicole jumps over the barrier and runs through the park. She spots two people pushing a stroller in her direction and jumps over them with a front flip.
Nicole sees a construction worker, Gary, who had just finished cementing the floor.
Gary says: "Well, it took me all day, but I got the job done."
Nicole grumbles and takes detours.
Banana Bob​ says: "Hey, do you wanna hear my son—"
Nicole runs past him, leaving a trail of fire behind.
Banana Bob​ says: "Wait, you didn't answer my—"
Bob notices the fire spelling "NO".
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh."
Harold walks by and turns around, seeing Nicole racing past.
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey girl, you don't have to run."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "I ain't going nowh—"
Nicole runs over Harold.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Mother Nature is my doctor!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Prescription hugs!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Prescription hugs!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, a moment of your time?"
Nicole jumps on peoples' heads, then on a butterfly. She continues to perform a series of stunts through the park.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Hey, you need a ride?"
Nicole jumps and lands on a spray can guy, causing him to spray the face of his friend.
Nicole says: "Then, I realized I was lost."
Nicole stops running. Next to her, Richard can be seen stuck in a log.
Richard says: "Uh.."
Richard says: "hello?"
Nicole says: "And that's when I saw him."
Richard says: "A little help, please?"
The screen freezes on Nicole's face.
Nicole says: "That was the moment."
Nicole flashes back to reality.
Nicole says: "But, what if I hadn't turned right."
Nicole says: "Where would I be now?"
Nicole flashes back to the moment she encounters Gary.
If She Won the Tournament.
Gary says: "Well, it took all da—"
Nicole speeds past, causing cement to fall on Gary. She eventually makes it to the tournament and wins it, leading her to graduate, become rich and own a mansion, be voted for president and become a dictator until she dies, causing Principal Brown and others to topple a statue of her.
Nigel Brown says: "Thank heavens she's gone."
Mr. Small throws his slipper at the statue. Nicole flashes back.
Nicole says: "'kay, I'll try not to dwell on what that says about me."
Nicole says: "Maybe I should've listened to Banana Bob's song."
If She Married Banana Bob.
Nicole runs up to Banana Bob.
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, do you wanna hear my song?"
Nicole says: "Okay."
Banana Bob begins to play the guitar.
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Bana-na-nan-na-banana..."
Nicole says: "You're funny."
The scene cuts to Banana Bob and Nicole's wedding, with Bob singing the same melody as their wedding song. He sings it again during her birthday, and in his sleep instead of snoring. Then the scene cuts to Nicole sitting in the basement, rocking back and forth, wearing a torn yellow outfit, and surrounded with drawings of bananas.
Nicole says: "Banananana..."
Nicole says: "Bananana..."
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Nicole, are you okay?"
Nicole turns around, revealing she now has Bob's eyes, moustache and mouth.
Nicole says: "BANANA-NANA."
Nicole says: "BANANA-NANA."
Nicole flashes back.
Nicole says: "Ugh, banana not."
Nicole says: "Banana—"
Nicole says: "Guh, better not!"
Nicole races past Banana Bob.
Nicole says: "But, what about Harold?"
If She Married Harold.
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey girl, you don't have to run."
Nicole says: "Okay, whaddya want."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Have you lost weight?"
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Your head looks bigger."
Nicole says: "What?"
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Nothing."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "I just wanted to say I like girls with really short legs."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "What's wrong with my legs?"
Nicole says: "Wait, are you doing that creepy thing where guys criticize girls to lower their confidence so they go out with them?"
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "You're way too intelligent for that kinda trick."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Your parents don't love you."
The scene changes to show Harold and Nicole's wedding.
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "You look better with the veil on."
Nicole puts the veil on.
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "H-heh."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey!"
Scene changes to Harold and Nicole in a house, with Nicole looking kinda extraordinary.
Nicole says: "So, how do you like the sushi?"
Nicole says: "It took me hours."
Harold​​​​​​​​ says: "It's cold."
Nicole says: "Let me heat it up for you."
Cut to Nicole being arrested, with the house on fire in the background.
Nicole says: "Is that HOT enough for you?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Is it?"
Nicole says: "Is it HOT enough?"
Nicole says: "IS IT HOT ENOUGH FOR YOU?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole flashes back.
Nicole says: "Eh, almost worth it."
Nicole then runs over Harold.
If She Received a Prescription Hug.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Prescription hugs!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Prescription hugs!"
Nicole stops, listening to Mr. Small.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey there, have you ever considered using the power of hugs as an alternative to modern medicine?"
Nicole considers it and ends about thinking about her gravestone.
Nicole says: "Ah, makes sense."
Nicole says: "The hugs will only transmit diseases faster."
Nicole jumps over peoples' heads.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Hey, moment of your time?"
Nicole is about to step on the butterfly, but she thinks about it.
Nicole says: "Wait, they say the single flap of a butterfly's wing can cause a hurricane on the other side of the world."
Nicole says: "So what would've happened if I'd never stepped o—"
Nicole accidentally chokes on the butterfly, causing Mr. Small to hug her, thus showing her gravestone.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Don't worry, a hug will cure you!"
Nicole flashes back.
Nicole says: "Ugh, whatever they only live for a day anyway."
Nicole runs and exits the Prescription hugs section.
If She Took a Ride From Sal.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Hey, you need a ride?"
Nicole says: "No—"
Nicole says: "Oh wait, I do actually."
Nicole says: "Uh, you got a spare helmet?"
Sal Left Thumb says: "You don't need a helmet when you're cool!"
Nicole's gravestone is seen again.
Nicole flashes back.
Nicole says: "I'm gonna have to write the mayor about how dangerous this park is."
Nicole performs her stunts and ends up in a section of the park with nobody there, except Richard.
Meeting Richard.
Richard says: "Uh.."
Richard says: "hello?"
Richard says: "A little help, please?"
Richard rolls over, putting his hand up.
Richard says: "I'm Richard."
Nicole stops the flashback for a second.
Nicole says: "I guess there was no other way around it."
Nicole resumes the flashback.
Nicole shakes Richard's hand.
Nicole says: "Nicole."
Richard rolls back, showing his face again.
Richard says: "I know."
Nicole says: "So, how?"
Richard says: "Well, I was feeding a squirrel some nuts."
Nicole says: "Awww."
Richard says: "To see where he hides all his nuts."
Nicole says: "Okay..."
Richard says: "And it worked a little too well."
Nicole says: "Okay, don't move."
Nicole screams and prepares to chop up the branch.
Richard says: "AHH!"
Richard says: "N-NO-NO-NO—"
Richard says: "DON'T HIT ME AH—"
Richard runs into a tree, breaking the log.
Nicole says: "Okay, I gotta run now."
Richard gets back up and puts on his cap.
Richard says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "To compete."
Richard says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "'Cause..."
Nicole says: "I have to fight?"
Richard says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "Because, I have to be the best."
Richard says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "So people will like me?"
Richard says: "But lots of people already like you."
Nicole says: "Really?"
Nicole says: "Like who?"
Richard blushes, followed by Nicole. But after that a bell chimes.
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Nicole says: "It's two o' clock already!"
Nicole says: "I'm too late!"
Nicole plumps herself on a log, crying.
Nicole says: "I gotta go home and empty-handed."
Richard says: "Not quite empty-handed."
Richard says: "You have..."
Richard shows Nicole a nut in his hand.
Richard says: "..."
Richard says: "a nut!"
Nicole takes the nut. Richard checks his back pocket and realizes he is out of nuts, so he tries to get Nicole to give him half.
Richard says: "Half a nut?"
Richard says: "..."
Nicole eats half of the nut, giving the other half to Richard.
Nicole says: "Hm."
Nicole says: "What would you do if you were me?"
Richard says: "If I had done everything you've done?"
Richard says: "Sleep 'til I'm forty."
Nicole chuckles.
Nicole says: "I mean..."
Nicole says: "what should I do with my life?"
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "Maybe start living it?"
A montage starts showing Richard pushing Nicole on a swingset, presumably on the same day that Nicole missed her tournament. It then shows Nicole trying to push Richard on the swingset, but failing, due to Richard being extremely heavy. It then shows them both laying in a field of grass. Richard points at a cat-shaped cloud, then Nicole points at a bunny-shaped cloud, then they both point at a heart-shaped cloud, following with them blushing. The next series shows a time in Richard and Nicole's teenage years, where Richard, who now has acne, braces, and teenage attire, knocks on the Senicourt's house's door, with Mr. Senicourt appearing in the doorway. Richard holds a bouquet of flowers, as if asking if he could date Nicole, followed by Mr. Senicourt closing the door on Richard. Richard realizes one of his pants' legs got stuck in the doorway, and they rip, followed by him falling down the doorway. The next series shows Nicole and Richard in their later teen years, with them about to kiss in their car on top of a mountain, but the car suddenly rolls down the street. It then shows Nicole storming out of her house, with a bag of luggage, while yelling at her parents, both glaring. Her mother then looks distraught, and starts crying, while her father goes back inside still angry. It then shows Granny Jojo kicking Richard out of the house. Nicole and Richard meet up, they sigh, and then hold hands and walk off. They are then seen in their early adult years living in a small apartment. In the apartment, Richard prepares a cup of Ramen, Nicole gets out of the shower with a towel around her head and body, and when the both are about to eat, a train goes by their window, startling them, but are not harmed. The next scene shows Nicole and Richard in a doctors office, and the doctor tells Nicole that she is pregnant. Nicole and Richard happily hug, but their happiness turns to fright when they realize that they have to get married. At the wedding, Nicole looks sad as she looks at two empty seats reserved for her parents, who did not show up. She sighs, but then she and Richard put on each other's wedding rings. Richard dips Nicole as he kisses her, and he then jumps on top of her. The next scene shows Richard holding a newborn Gumball, who holds his finger. Nicole wakes up and smiles as Richard feeds Gumball with a carton of milk taped to his stomach. The three move into an old home, where they begin to fix it. Richard is painting the front of the house, and he calls Nicole outside as Gumball begins to take his first steps. Richard is so excited he accidentally throws the paint can he was holding, which lands on Mr. Robinson, who was mowing his lawn. Gumball is now a toddler, and Richard is measuring how tall he is. We then see scenes from "The Origins" as the Wattersons adopt Darwin, and Darwin growing legs and becoming Gumball's brother and best friend. A few years later, a pencil erases the "ia" on newborn Anais' hospital bracelet and writes "ai" in its place. The person who did this was in fact Anais herself, who smiles while the rest of the family looks confused. The montage ends with a current family photo of the Wattersons.
After the Montage.
At the family picture, Nicole stops the flashback, and goes back into paused reality.
Nicole says: "Actually, you know what?"
Nicole says: "I wouldn't change a thing."
The screen unfreezes and Nicole laughs for a bit before throwing whipped cream at Darwin.
Gumball says: "Food fight!"
Nicole says: "Oh no little man, this is a food war!"
Everybody starts throwing food as the camera pans out to show the house, with only the Wattersons' laughter being heard.
The episode ends.