Would You Rather?
The episode begins with Gumball and Darwin riding the bus to school. They are playing a game of "Would You Rather?".
Gumball says: "Okay, ready?"
Gumball says: "You gotta choose, or you'll never find true love!"
Gumball says: "Would you rather..."
Gumball says: "have skin that smells of cheese, or a tongue that grows leg hair?"
Darwin says: "I have trouble seeing how either of those choices would ever allow me to find true love."
Gumball says: "It's a game, dude!"
Gumball says: "You have to choose."
Gumball says: "You know, like, would you rather pass wind through your nose, or smell with your backside?"
Darwin says: "Ugh, okay, whatever."
Darwin says: "Smell with my backside."
Gumball says: "Would be pretty bad every time you sneeze."
Darwin says: "Okay, can we change the subject?"
Darwin says: "Anybody, please!"
Molly says: "Ooh, ooh, I've got a story!"
Molly says: "So, I was staying the night at my grandma's house in the woods, in the middle of nowhere, when I was woken up by this weird noise."
Molly says: "Drip, drip, drip."
Molly says: "It was coming from the kitchen."
Molly says: "I crept across the hallway, it was getting louder and louder!"
Molly says: "Drip!"
Molly says: "Drip!"
Gumball is holding onto Darwin in fear, while Banana Joe bursts into laughter.
Banana Joe says: "Sorry, I just got the butt sneeze thing."
Molly says: "I turned the handle, pushed open the door..."
Molly says: "and..."
Gumball and Darwin are perspiring; Their teeth chatter.
Molly says: "and..."
Sarah's head is melting.
Molly says: "and..."
Banana Joe's mouth is agape.
Molly says: "Well, someone had left the faucet on, so I tightened it up and went back to bed."
Gumball says: "I don't get it."
Gumball says: "What's the payoff here?"
Banana Joe says: "It was the faucet all along!"
Banana Joe says: "Hahahahaha!"
Banana Joe says: "Actually, it's not that funny."
Gumball says: "No it was great!"
Gumball says: "We were expecting there to be something good, and there wasn't."
Gumball says: "What a twist."
Molly says: "Oh really?"
Molly says: "Well you're gonna love my other stories."
Molly says: "So I got this uncle, and he's a huge practical joker."
Molly says: "And last time I saw him, guess what he did?"
Molly says: "He made me a sandwich!"
Gumball and Darwin give her a blank stare. Molly carries on through a series of overlapping stories, with her classmates growing increasingly bored.
Molly says: "And there was this one Christmas where I didn't wake up 'til like seven AM, and then everything..."
Molly says: "On my sixth birthday we had pizza, and..."
Molly says: "One time on the street, I saw a dog!"
Molly says: "I've got a million stories just like that."
The bus passes by Gary Hedges, who is walking his dog.
Molly says: "Hey!"
Molly says: "A million and one."
Molly says: "You know why my favorite color is blue?"
Molly says: "No?"
Molly says: "Me neither."
Molly says: "I asked my mom for a red apple 'cause I don't like the green ones, and she only..."
Molly says: "And she showed me her new necklace, and I had no opinion on it anyway..."
Tobias​​ says: "Hey Ocho, what's the most annoying sound you can make?"
Tobias​​ says: "Ahh, keep going, it's so much better than her."
Darwin says: "I wish life was like in movies."
Darwin says: "Right now, we'd be going through some cross-fade montage instead of suffering through every..."
Darwin says: "single..."
Darwin says: "word."
Molly says: "We all thought that was ironic."
The bus is now parked at the school. Carmen, Alan, Tobias, Darwin, and Gumball disembark out of the school bus, looking weary.
Gumball says: "but it's still morning!"
Molly says: "Hey, did I tell you about when my brown crayon ran out?"
Molly says: "Don't worry though, this story has a happy ending."
Gumball picks himself up, displaying a hostile demeanor.
Gumball says: "Does it involve the main character being slowly run over by a bus?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Molly says: "Noo,  I used felt-tip pens instead."
Molly says: "True story."
No Escape.
The school bell rings. Gumball and Darwin are walking in the hallway, with Molly close behind.
Molly says: "And the thing is, it was my favorite pencil as well."
Gumball says: "Feels like we've been walking down this corridor for half an hour now."
Gumball says: "It's like a..."
Gumball says: "a superpower."
Gumball says: "She can distort time and space using only boredom!"
It is shown that Gumball and Darwin are unable to move forward due to a lack of friction.
Rocky says: "Nah, I just buffed the floor."
Gumball says: "Somebody's gotta man up and put an end to this!"
Gumball takes a deep breath and turns to confront Molly, which results in him spinning around in circles until he is stopped by Darwin.
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Gumball says: "Alright girl, listen up!"
Gumball says: "Because..."
Gumball says: "Uh, D-Darwin has something he wants to say to you."
Darwin says: "Wait, what?"
Gumball says: "Tell her, dude."
Gumball says: "You know, how you think her stories are..."
They look into Molly's exaggerated puppy-dog eyes.
Gumball says: "You know..."
Gumball says: "Straight up awful!"
Darwin says: "I though we were both chickening out."
Darwin says: "That was like headbutting a kitten!"
Darwin says: "Uhh, he meant "awful" as in they..."
Darwin says: "fill us with awe!"
Molly says: "Ah, ha!"
Molly says: "I thought I was boring you for a second."
Darwin says: "Noo, your stories are great."
Gumball says: "Shorter."
Gumball says: "Better."
Gumball says: "Over."
Darwin says: "H-He means they just need a little editing."
Darwin says: "Come with us."
In unison, the three exhale repeatedly, propelling themselves backward. They go to the library in order to use the computer.
Darwin says: "Okay, so Gumball used this editing software to make your stories more..."
Darwin says: "uh, to the point."
A doctored video of Molly starts playing on the monitor.
Molly says: "Uh, so yesterday-  True story."
Darwin notices Molly's dismay and forces a laugh.
Darwin says: "Yeah, just kidding."
Darwin says: "Your stories are perfect the way they are."
Molly says: "Oh good!"
Molly says: "I hope you would tell me if I was boring."
Gumball tries to speak out, but Darwin grabs his lips, causing his head to explode.
Darwin says: "Bless you."
Gumball and Darwin are now in their classroom, alongside Molly and a number of classmates.
Gumball says: "My brain is full."
Gumball says: "Every time she says something, I have to forget something else to make room for it!"
Gumball says: "If she says another word, I'm gonna forget my parents."
Gumball says: "Do you really want that on your conscience, whatever your name is?"
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, I just don't have the heart to hurt her feelings."
School bell rings.
Gumball says: "Home time at last!"
Darwin says: "You mean lunchtime."
Gumball says: "I hate you."
Darwin says: "It's not me, it's time!"
Gumball says: "I hate you both."
Last Resort.
Gumball, Darwin, and Molly enter the cafeteria, sitting together at a table.
Molly says: "Last night I had the craziest dream that my pajamas had pockets, and then I woke up and they did have pockets."
Darwin says: "Maybe we should just try and tune her out."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball and Darwin each push a hand into the side of their head, adjusting the frequency as their eyes turn to static. While Molly is speaking, they briefly tune in again whenever she says something interesting.
Molly says: "of interest in my stamp collection."
Molly says: "and then the pancakes were done."
Molly says: "of crows."
Molly says: "of homework."
Molly says: "End of the world!"
Molly says: "And I was like, it's not the end of the world if you run out of margarine."
They both groan, but Gumball prevents Darwin from tuning her out again.
Gumball says: "Hold on, dude."
Gumball says: "If we keep doing this to our brains, we might do some real damage."
The side of each brother's face droops and becomes disfigured.
Darwin says: "How many fingers am I holding up?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You're going to have to look down."
Darwin says: "I can't move anything below the neck."
Gumball says: "Thirty eleven."
Gumball says: "Ah, I'm glad we stopped before it was too late."
Molly says: "My third favorite sentence is, "Not for me, I'm allergic."
A whistle blows; Gumball's class is in the gymnasium with Coach Russo.
Molly says: "And I was in the kitchen making toast, and my dad smelled the toast and he ate it."
Molly says: "True story."
Jamie grins while holding a dodgeball. She approaches Gumball and Darwin, as the rest of the class hide behind Molly.
Molly says: "Hey did I tell you about my birthday party?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry dude, but she's gotta go."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna push her in front of Jamie."
Darwin says: "No, wait."
Darwin says: "What if we, you know..."
Darwin says: "pass the ball?"
Gumball says: "I don't care about the game!"
Gumball says: "I'm talking about Molly!"
Darwin says: "So am I."
Darwin says: "I-I just thought it was a good analogy on theme with the, you know, dodgeball and..."
Darwin says: "Doesn't matter."
Darwin says: "What I meant was..."
Darwin says: "Hey guys!"
Darwin says: "Have you heard Molly's stories?"
Banana Joe says: "Yes, and I'm afraid there is only one way to ensure we never have to hear another."
Dramatic music plays as Banana Joe approaches Jamie and steels himself for her throw. The dodgeball decapitates him and his body drops to the floor. Gumball and Darwin watch in horror as Carmen and Alan step out next, holding hands. They exchange gentle smiles when Carmen gets knocked off her feet and Alan pops upon colliding with the ball. Leslie gets one right in the face, and his petals fall off. Sarah gives a stoic two-finger salute before a ball sends her head flying. Tobias gets blown back severely. Finally, Bobert's blow causes him to short-circuit. As he sinks into a pile of dodgeballs, he slowly gives a thumbs up. Now, it’s Gumball and Darwin's turn. They grab hands and brace themselves, when Molly dives in front of them.
Molly says: "NOOO!"
It strikes her in the head and she falls.
Gumball says: "Molly!"
Gumball says: "But why?"
Gumball says: "Why save us?"
Molly says: "Because you listened to me."
Molly closes her eyes and lowers her head, however Gumball and Darwin are only afforded a moment of silence before she recovers.
Molly says: "That reminds me of a story!"
Gumball says: "NOOO!"
Hide-and-Seek.
The next day, Molly is on the school bus and searching for Gumball and Darwin. She is unable to find them, as they are wedged between her and the bus seat.
Molly says: "Guys?"
Molly says: "Guys?"
In the school hallway, she continues her search, passing by a familiar looking blue garbage can and orange alarm bell.
Molly says: "Guys?"
Molly says: "Gumball?"
Molly says: "Darwin?"
Next, she is seated at a table in the seemingly vacant cafeteria.
Molly says: "Hello?!"
Molly says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin appear in the background, disguised as a water cooler and a fire extinguisher.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "Let's get outta here, find the most remote place in school, and hide there until she graduates to college."
Gumball and Darwin sneak into a bathroom with an "Out of Order" sign on the door.
Gumball says: "Shh, don't raise your voice."
Molly says: "Okay."
Molly says: "You guys want some fries?"
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "Dude, what was that?"
Darwin says: "You said don't raise your voice."
Gumball says: "Why are you here?"
Molly says: "This is my special dark place."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Molly says: "A special dark place."
Molly says: "You know?"
Molly says: "It's where you go when no one wants to talk to you because you have nothing interesting to say, and you feel really boring and awkward."
Molly says: "Don't you have one?"
Gumball and Darwin are shown with tears streaming down their cheeks.
Gumball says: "Of course."
Gumball says: "Everyone's got a special dark place."
Gumball says: "R-Right Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Y-Yeah, mine is in uhh..."
Gumball says: "Wha?"
Darwin says: "Never mind."
Gumball says: "Hey, I have an idea!"
Gumball says: "Why don't you come and join us in the playground in ten minutes?"
Gumball and Darwin leave the bathroom and head down the hall.
Darwin says: "What are we doing?"
Gumball says: "We're giving Molly a proper story to tell!"
Gumball says: "Something with danger, comedy, action, romance, or literally anything happening at all."
Darwin says: "And an ending."
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "And a gosh darn ending!"
Gumball says: "Who's with me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Muffled Voices says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "Who said that?"
Gumball opens the nearby locker. Alan, Carmen, Anton, Tobias, Carrie, Sarah, Banana Joe, Rainbow Octopus, Leslie, Bobert, and Colin move out of the locker, followed by Principal Brown.
Gumball says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "What are you all doing in there?"
Banana Joe says: "We're hiding from Molly."
Gumball says: "You do realize there's like a hundred lockers in this corridor?"
Nigel Brown says: "We panicked."
Chain Reaction.
Molly exits the bathroom and makes her way through an empty hallway. Turning a corner, she is spotted by Carrie, who flies off to signal Bobert.
Carrie says: "Okay."
As Carrie disappears, Bobert runs around the corner. He casually returns, intercepting Molly by the drinking fountain.
Bobert says: "Hello Molly."
The fountain sprays Bobert and he goes haywire, rocketing in the opposite direction. He crashes to a halt just as his face comes into contact with Carmen.
Alan​​ says: "How dare you kiss my promised!"
Alan​​ says: "I shall have my revenge on your treachery, Bobert!"
Carmen says: "Alan, don't fight over me!"
Alan unties his knot, using the air stream to launch himself into Bobert. Together, they fly over Molly's head and collide with Tina. Tina steps on a deflated Alan and faces Bobert.
Tina says: "Oh whatever."
Tina whacks him with her tail instead, and he smashes into the opposite wall.
Bobert says: "Engaging defense protocol."
Tina charges at him, and they grapple as Molly gets out of the way. An errant laser destroys the wall near Molly, revealing Principal Brown and School Nurse in the Nurse's Office.
Joan says: "Principal Brown, we can no longer hide our secret from Miss Simian."
Principal Brown appears to be pregnant.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh Nurse!"
Nigel Brown says: "Gasp!"
Nigel Brown says: "We've been discovered!"
School Nurse picks up a vial and throws it past Molly. It shatters by a door across the hall.
Mister Small​​ says: "Oh, hi Molly, how ya doin'?"
Upon exposure to the released vapors, Mr. Small raves incoherently and starts convulsing violently. He starts locker-surfing and his spasmodic movements send him racing up the corridor and off-screen. He then trips Coach Russo, who lands on her back. The floor collapses beneath her, and she proceeds to fall through several more while Molly watches from above. The severed gas and electrical lines trigger an explosion, and Molly rushes outdoors to the playground where Gumball and Darwin are waiting. Carmen, Principal Brown, Sarah, Mr. Small, Tobias, Leslie, Masami, and Carrie stare out the windows, all covered with dirt from the explosions.
Molly says: "Guys!"
Molly says: "Guys!"
Molly says: "You'll never guess what just happened!"
Gumball says: "A story?"
Gumball says: "Please tell us!"
Molly says: "Well, I was walking down the corridor, and I saw that water fountain."
Gumball says: "Yeah, and?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Molly says: "Oh nothing."
Molly says: "I just forgot there was a water fountain there."
Molly says: "And then I saw Carmen, Alan, Tina, and Bobert, and I'm pretty sure Alan and Carmen are more than just friends."
Molly says: "Gossip!"
Molly says: "Oh, and you shoulda seen Principal Brown."
Molly says: "He had a bellyache."
Molly says: "And then Mr."
Molly says: "Small said hi to me, but to be honest, I was kinda distracted by the coach."
Molly says: "She was doing some plumbing."
Gumball and Darwin are sharing a vexed expression.
Molly says: "But the best part of the story, is the end."
Molly says: "Because clearly you guys set up all that stuff so I'd have something interesting to tell."
Molly says: "That means we're friends."
Molly says: "True story."
Gumball says: "We're gonna hear that story for the rest of our lives, aren't we?"
Darwin says: "At least it has a happy ending."
The episode ends.