Lick That Elbow.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin walking through the Elmore Junior High corridor. Darwin has a chipped tooth and a black eye, while Gumball is trying to lick his elbow.
Darwin says: "I'm telling you, it's impossible."
Darwin says: "I tried and this is what happened."
Gumball says: "That can't possibly explain how you can chip a tooth while trying to lick your elbow."
Gumball says: "Ah."
The scene switches to the nurse's office as Mr. Corneille walks in. Joan sees Mr. Corneille has a black eye and a chipped tooth.
Joan says: "Mr."
Joan says: "Corneille, your face!"
Joan says: "What happened?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Pretty momma, handsome daddy."
Joan says: "No, I meant your black eye."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Hah, you should see the other guys."
Gumball says: "Hi, Mr."
Darwin says: "Hi, Mr."
Gumball says: "Corneille."
Darwin says: "Corneille."
Moonchild Corneille says: "I cannot stress strongly enough, these are not the other guys."
Gumball says: "What happened to your face?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Oh, I just walked into the cage and got hurt."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You got into the cage, like, you’re an MMMMA fighter?"
Mr. Corneille tries to explain further but Joan cuts him off by reacting romantically. He goes with it and nods at her.
Darwin says: "What is that?"
Gumball says: "Meaty Men Misunderstanding Martial Arts."
Darwin says: "Sounds kinda violent."
Gumball says: "Only according to the so-called “medical community."
Joan says: "oh, that arm feels a lot more withered than I thought it was gonna be."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Well when you're fighting in the cage, the most important muscle is the heart."
Moonchild Corneille says: "And right now, you’re giving mine a workout."
As Joan and Mr. Corneille giggle and blush, Gumball, with tears and snot on his face, rises up behind them.
Gumball says: "Teach us."
Gumball's head abruptly grows big, knocking down Joan, Darwin, and Mr. Corneille.
Gumball says: "TEACH US!!"
MMMMA Training.
Transition to the gym.
Moonchild Corneille says: "The men who step into the cage love what they do."
Moonchild Corneille says: "And by stepping into it, you're saying to your opponent, "I love you."
Moonchild Corneille says: "But I'm gonna punch you in the body with my body with so much love that you pass out."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I thought you were gonna teach us how to become tough fighter guys."
Moonchild Corneille says: "But if you rearrange the letters of "tough fighter guy," you get "tighter of hug guy."
Moonchild Corneille says: "" Coincidence?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Yes, but a useful one."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Come, let's get started."
Gumball and Darwin try to perform mildly violent moves but instead keep performing friendly ones. While Darwin is rubbing Gumball's chin, causing him to purr, Principal Brown shows up.
Nigel Brown says: "I'm uh, sorry to interrupt whatever that is but I'm afraid I have some bad news."
Nigel Brown says: "There have been some budget cuts and the school board has agreed to rent out half the school to another..."
Nigel Brown says: ""institution."
Nigel Brown says: "" So, I'm afraid you have to leave."
Gumball says: "Surely, there is a better solution."
Nigel Brown says: "This is our last resort."
Nigel Brown says: "We've already cut everything we can from the budget."
Nigel Brown says: "Look,  those aren't even real fire extinguishers."
Nigel Brown says: "They're just canisters of dippy string."
Nigel Brown says: "If a fire starts in this school, things are gonna get very dippy..."
Nigel Brown says: "Also pretty tragic."
Darwin says: "So, you're just gonna privatize the school like some kind of prison?"
MMMMA Challenger Fight.
Gumball and Darwin are shown walking through town.
Gumball says: "What's happened to our school is a disaster."
Gumball says: "The forced exercise, the communal showers, the canteen slop, the unpaid work, the abuse of power."
Gumball says: "And if that wasn't enough, now with the prisoners it's gonna be overcrowded too!"
Darwin says: "There must be a solution."
A flyer hits Gumball in the face. He throws it aside, but it hits his face again. In frustration, Gumball crumples the flyer into a ball and kicks it upwards. The flyer unravels and hits Gumball once again. When Gumball is about to tear it to pieces, Darwin stops him.
Darwin says: "Wait, maybe that poster's fate hitting us right in the face with the answer to our problem."
Gumball looks at the flyer, which depicts a woman, in tears, running away from another woman.
Gumball says: "Hair Force Gone."
Gumball says: "Full body waxing."
Gumball says: "Tell us when to stop, we won't listen."
Darwin says: "No, I meant that one."
Gumball says: "An MMMMA Challenger Fight!"
Cut to school corridor near the nurse's office, Gumball and Darwin both stare at Mr. Corneille excitedly.
Moonchild Corneille says: "I'm sorry, but I don't fight for money."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Violence is never the best solution."
Gumball says: "What about the nurse?"
Gumball says: "She wouldn't even have a job if people didn't get hurt."
Joan says: "Mr."
Joan says: "Corneille, surely you'll fight if it means saving the school."
Moonchild Corneille says: "But to go back into the cage, I'm gonna need a whole support team."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Even a medic."
Gumball pops up behind Mr. Corneille.
Gumball says: "I'll patch you up."
Moonchild Corneille says: "I meant someone qualified, someone who knows how to use a scalpel and no, that doesn't mean you either, Frank the Butcher."
Frank is shown standing nearby, sighs, and then walks away.
Moonchild Corneille says: "So what do you say, Ms."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Markham?"
Joan says: "Please Mr."
Joan says: "Corneille, let's lose the formalities."
Joan says: "My name is Joan."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Mine is Moonchild."
Joan says: "I'll stick with Corneille."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Fair enough."
Gumball pops up behind Mr. Corneille again.
Gumball says: "So, you'll fight then?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Absolutely."
Mr. Corneille Joins the Fight.
The scene crossfades to a press conference.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Time for the weigh-in."
Mr. Corneille steps onto a scale. His weight is barely ten pounds. After that, a rumbling sound is heard. Mr. Corneille looks at his opponent with an intimidated look. The opponent's fist-like feet step onto the scale, which breaks under his girth. The camera pans back to reveal this opponent's head and hands are fists as well. The opponent growls at Mr. Corneille. A flash transitions to Melted Cheese Guy introducing the two fighters.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "On my right, we have the reigning champion, Joao "The Grave" Diga!"
Joao is shown to Melted Cheese Guy's right, with Gumball and Darwin sitting opposite Melted Cheese Guy. Joao slams down into his seat, making the crowd stop cheering.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "And on my left, we have the challenger..."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "What's his name, kid?"
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "We need a name."
Darwin says: "Oh, oh, I got it, The Frog Prince."
Gumball says: "Sounds like he's gonna get kissed, by a fist."
Darwin says: "The Croaker."
Gumball says: "That's like he all he does, is croak."
Darwin says: "The Frogspawn."
Gumball says: "Nah, that's just gross."
Darwin says: "Colonel Jazzhand, The Germinate Crawler."
Gumball says: "Pfft."
Darwin says: "The Birthday Boy."
Darwin says: "The Summertime Man."
Darwin says: "Wait, I've got it!"
Darwin says: "Look out, it's Christmas Person."
Gumball says: "Are you having a brain cramp?"
Darwin says: "Why don't you do better then?"
Gumball says: "The Amphi-Barbarian."
Melted Cheese Guy says: "The Amphi-Barbarian!"
Darwin says: "Nah, that's better."
A small amount of people in the audience are heard clapping as Mr. Corneille shows up and sits down casually.
Someone at the Audience says: "Where's the rest of him?"
Mike says: "He looks like one of those before-and-after ads but before the gym and after a disease."
Audience laughs.
Gumball says: "You don't have to take that."
Joao says: "This man is a joke!"
Joao says: "Because the teeth will have landed far away and the postal service is the most practical way for you to retrieve them and avoid the necessity of going there on foot."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Trash talking time!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Gentlemen, please!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Save it for the fight."
Joao says: "Before this, I was just gonna bake you."
Joao says: "But now, I am going to end you!"
Audience cheers again.
Art of Training.
Gumball, Darwin, and Mr. Corneille are at at the park. Mr. Corneille is meditating.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Corneille, aren't you little concerned what Joao said?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, shouldn't you be like, training instead of meditating?"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "That was a friendly match against the U."
Gumball says: "S."
Gumball says: "Navy."
Gumball says: "The week after that, he was scheduled to fight Belgium."
Darwin says: "Fight who in Belgium?"
Gumball says: "The whole country."
Gumball says: "But they forfeited when they saw what he did to the ship."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Kids, you need to relax."
Moonchild Corneille says: "I have a plan."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Let that guy wear himself out with the grueling training schedule while I save my energy."
Moonchild Corneille says: "I call it the art of training, without training."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Cue montage."
Cut to Mr. Corneille's office. Mr. Corneille is sitting with his feet on the table, reading, while Gumball and Darwin watch him "training" with excited looks. "Take a Rest, Sit Down" plays through the entire scene from Mr. Corneille's radio.
Let the other guy do the runnin' round.
Take a rest, lie down.
Ditch the track suit for a dressin' gown.
Gumball and Darwin stop with their excited faces and smile instead.