Granny Jojo's Birthday Surprise.
Gumball says: "Happy birthday!"
Darwin says: "Happy birthday!"
Anais says: "Happy birthday!"
Richard says: "Happy birthday!"
Nicole says: "Happy birthday!"
Granny Jojo and the Wattersons are sitting at the table with a cake completely covered in candles.
Darwin says: "Come on, Granny Jojo!"
Darwin says: "Blow out your candles!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I prefer my face medium-rare, not char-grilled."
Granny Jojo says: "Why are there so many candles?"
Granny Jojo says: "I'm only sixty-three."
Anais says: "Sorry."
Anais says: "We didn't know exactly how old you were, so we based it on looks."
Anais says: "Do you need some help blowing them out?"
Granny Jojo says: "Kid, I raised your dad by myself."
Granny Jojo says: "It's not the first time I've had to put out a fire."
Granny Jojo blows out all her candles with a powerful gust of her breath, leaving her family's fur blown back. Richard clears his throat and taps his glass.
Richard says: "I think it's time for a toast."
Richard says: "Thank you."
Gumball, Anais, Nicole, and Darwin sigh and clap halfheartedly.
Richard says: "And now for your birthday surprise."
He produces a stack of papers from his pocket.
Richard says: "The alphabet of my mom."
Richard says: ""A" is for "Amazing" 'cause that's what you are."
Richard says: ""B" is for "Breakfast", one of my twelve favorite mealtimes, and because you're amazing, Mom."
He continues talking.
Granny Jojo says: "Nicole, I just wanted to say that you look really average today."
Nicole says: "Oh, yeah?"
Nicole says: "Well, you look like someone drew an ugly face on a butt with a—"
Nicole says: "wait, what?"
Nicole says: "Did you just say "average"?"
Nicole says: "That's gotta be the least offensive thing you've ever said to me."
Nicole says: "You need a lie down?"
Darwin says: "And your face looks wrong."
Anais says: "It's almost as if you are…smiling."
Richard says: "…why?"
Richard says: "Because I like them."
Richard says: "And "Z" is for "Zebra", an amazing mythical creature."
Richard says: "But not as amazing as you, Mom."
Granny Jojo says: "Thank you, Richard."
Granny Jojo says: "Like every year, that was a nice surprise."
Granny Jojo says: "And while we're on the topic, I also have a surprise for all of you."
The doorbell rings. Richard answers the door.
Louie says: "Surprise!"
Richard says: "Sorry, sir, we already got a surprise here."
Richard says: "We don't need any more."
Louie says: "Nice to meet you—"
Richard slams the door in Louie's face. His outstretched arm sticks out through the letter flap. Granny Jojo reopens the door.
Granny Jojo says: "This is Louie."
Granny Jojo says: "He's my boyfriend."
She and Louie kiss for a long time, grossing Richard out. After they seemingly finish, they kiss again. This time, Richard faints.
Reviving Richard.
Richard finally recovers. He sees Gumball, wobbling in his vision. His voice is distorted and echoing.
Gumball says: "Dad, are you alright?"
Darwin says: "What's with the voice?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "It just felt appropriate."
Anais says: "Dad, wake up!"
Nicole says: "Get the first-aid kit!"
Gumball takes a pack of nachos and hands it to Nicole.
Nicole says: "Clear!"
She opens it. Immediately, Richard springs up, biting into the nacho bag and chewing on it wildly.
Some Issues.
Everyone is back at the table. Louie whispers something to Granny Jojo and she laughs. Her son watches angrily.
Richard says: "IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY, MAYBE YOU SHOULD SHARE IT WITH THE WHOLE FAMILY!"
Granny Jojo says: "To be honest with you, I have no idea what he said."
Granny Jojo says: "My hearing isn't what it used to be."
Louie says: "Me, neither!"
Louie says: "I was just laughing and hoping it wasn't a question."
They laugh.
Louie says: "We got so much in common."
Granny Jojo says: "Yeah, we're both falling apart."
They laugh again. Louie kisses Granny Jojo, and Richard wretches once more.
Richard says: "So, Louie."
Richard says: "What career plans do you have?"
Louie says: "Um, none."
Richard says: "HA HA!"
Richard says: "He's got no prospects!"
Louie says: "Actually, I'm retired."
Richard says: "Come on, Nicole!"
Richard says: "Laugh at him with me!"
While he laughs, she face palms.
Richard says: "Come on, kids!"
Richard says: "Say something mean and ironic about him!"
They shake their heads.
Richard says: "No?"
Richard says: "Fine, I'll do it myself."
Richard says: "Where did you retire from?"
Richard says: "Santa's factory?"
Richard says: "Because you're small!"
Richard says: "Why did you steal my mom!"
Richard says: "?"
Darwin says: "Uh… is it me, or is the atmosphere a little—"
The atmospheric pressure literally becomes heavy, and Nicole, Darwin, Gumball, and Anais sag to the floor. Darwin falls into the floor.
Darwin says: "Heavy!"
Louie says: "Well, that was very nice."
Louie says: "Catch you later, cottontail."
He kisses her goodbye, and heads out. As he gets out of the house, Richard points at him through the closed door.
Richard says: "Get out of my house!"
Gumball says: "Uh… he just did."
He brings Louie back into the house.
Richard says: "Now get out of my house!"
Louie says: "You're the one who dragged me back here, son!"
Richard says: "Call me son one more time!"
Richard says: "I dare you!"
Richard says: "I DOUBLE-DARE YOU!"
Richard says: "You MOTHER ROBBER!"
Richard says: "Kids, come over here."
Gumball and Darwin approach him.
Richard says: "Okay, you grab this arm  LEMME AT 'EM!"
Richard says: "LEMME AT 'EM!"
Richard says: "You're lucky they're here, or you'd end up in a mobility scooter for the rest of your life!"
Richard says: "LEMME AT 'EM!"
He breaks slips out of Gumball and Darwin's grip and is flung through the door like a rubber band, landing on the sidewalk. Looking up, he sees Louie taking off in his mobility scooter.
Richard says: "That's right!"
Richard says: "Faster!"
Richard says: "Faster, old man!"
Louie says: "I'm trying!"
Louie says: "But this thing takes twenty minutes to go from zero to eight miles an hour."
Richard grunts, and pushes Louie away on his scooter. Afterwards, he storms back inside to confront Granny Jojo.
Richard says: "What's Father gonna say when he comes back?"
Granny Jojo says: "Father?"
Anais says: "Father?"
Gumball says: "Father?"
Darwin says: "Father?"
Nicole says: "Father?"
Richard says: "Yeah!"
Richard says: "You said he left to buy some milk forty-two years ago."
Richard says: "He could be back any minute!"
Granny Jojo says: "Uh—"
Anais says: "Uh—"
Gumball says: "Uh—"
Darwin says: "Uh—"
Nicole says: "Uh—"
Everyone looks at each other awkwardly.
Richard says: "What?"
Granny Jojo says: "Let me explain something—"
Richard says: "No, let ME explain something!"
Richard says: "I don't want you to see that guy anymore!"
Granny Jojo says: "Well, I don't think it's for you to decide, young man!"
Richard says: "When you're under my roof, you follow my rules, old lady!"
Gumball says: "I don't think anyone should follow your twelve-meals-a-day rule."
Granny Jojo says: "Richard, I'm old enough to make my own rules, and I'm seeing Louie TONIGHT!"
Richard says: "Go to your room, you're grounded!"
Granny Jojo says: "You go to your room, you're grounded!"
Richard says: "FINE!"
Granny Jojo says: "FINE!"
They storm off from each other. The rest of the Wattersons watch awkwardly.
Gumball says: "How long before they realize neither of them went in the direction of a bedroom?"
Granny Jojo's "Hot" Date.
Nighttime. A light clicks open in Gumball's bedroom. Gumball sleeps peacefully as a shadow covers him.
Granny Jojo says: "Gumball."
Opening an eye, he sees his grandmother beside him, wearing fancy clothes with make-up on. The jump cuts closer to her face.
Gumball says: "Oh wait, this is clearly a nightmare."
Gumball says: "Nothing could be this ugly in real life."
Darwin says: "We helped Granny Jojo make herself pretty for Louie."
Darwin says: "What do you think?"
Gumball says: "Huh, what do you know?"
Anais says: "Yeah, I agree with you."
Anais says: "But this is the best we could do short of a face transplant."
Gumball says: "She looks like a haunted Christmas!"
Darwin says: "We were hoping you could help us out."
Gumball says: "Well how 'bout we start with a longer dress?"
Gumball says: "I don't think we should see her legs, they remind me of processed ham."
Gumball says: "Actually, have you tried a bag over her head?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, we tried that first."
Darwin says: "But she needed breathing holes and then you could see bits of her."
Gumball says: "Oh, I got an idea."
Granny Jojo says: "Okay, that's enough!"
Granny Jojo says: "Are you kids gonna help me sneak out, or what?"
Gumball says: "U-uh, I don't know, Granny Jojo."
Gumball says: "I-I really don't want to come between you and Dad."
Gumball says: "It'd be like getting caught between a saggy rock and a fat, sweaty place."
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, Gumball, if you could only understand the meaning of true love."
Granny Jojo says: "The yearning to be at one with another soul."
Gumball says: "Please stop, I'm getting a mental picture."
Gumball says: "It's really high-def."
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "We'll do it, just, please stop talking."
From the window, Louie's whistling can be heard. They see him with his scooter outside.
Louie says: "Is your grandma in?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, she'll be right down."
A rope made up of tied sheets is lowered.
Gumball says: "Ugh, it's not long enough."
Gumball says: "What else can we use?"
Granny Jojo says: "Kids, close your eyes."
They do as she says. She takes something off. The rope suddenly lengthens. Granny Jojo's body is shown, saggy and almost shapeless.
Darwin says: "Oh man, I can't believe how big Granny's girdle is!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe I'm touching it with my bare hands."
Anais says: "I can't believe I'm genetically predestined to wear one some day."
Granny Jojo says: "Okay, enough chit-chat."
Granny Jojo says: "Help me up."
Granny Jojo says: "I don't wanna break a leg before my hot date."
They drop the rope, and try pushing her out the window.
Gumball says: "What the weight?"
Gumball says: "How can someone so small be so heavy?"
Granny Jojo says: "Well I have two metal hips, one orthopedic shoe, six gold teeth, a plate in my head, and an industrial-strength pacemaker."
Granny Jojo says: "I got so much metal in me I'm legally classified as a motorized vehicle."
Granny Jojo says: "Anyway, where's the rope?"
The rope is gone. Gumball turns to Anais.
Gumball says: "Didn't I tell you to tie the end to something?"
Anais says: "Didn't I tell you to tie the end to something?"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Gumball says: "My bad."
Gumball says: "I didn't tell anyone to tie it."
Granny Jojo says: "We need another plan."
In Nicole and Richard's Bedroom.
Nicole says: "Oh Richard, you can't stop her from seeing Louie."
Nicole says: "Remember what you were like when we fell in love..."
Flashback to when they were younger. Richard is on a ladder, serenading Nicole with a guitar at the window of her house.
Richard says: "I's for "Incredible" 'cause that's what you are."
Daniel says: "Nicole, where are you?"
Nicole says: "Quick, Dad's coming!"
Nicole quickly shuts the window and Richard falls down the ladder, breaking the steps.
The guitar falls inside Richard's mouth. The flashback ends.
Richard says: "Of course I remember."
Richard says: "The doctor couldn't remove one of the strings."
Nicole says: "Richard, your mother's never been this happy… or nice."
Nicole says: "I don't want you to ruin that."
Richard says: "Alright, I'll speak with her."
Gumball's Rube Goldberg Machine.
An assortment of different things is in Gumball's room, making up his Rube Golberg Machine.
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "So the plan is we knock over the DVDs, which sets off the mouse trap, which sends the golf ball up there, which sets off the dominoes, which sets off the toy car, which will switch on the fan, which will send the turtle to the rope, which she bites through, dropping the desk, propelling Granny Jojo through the window and she uses her bloomers to land safely in Louie's arm."
Gumball says: "Everybody ready?"
He starts it. At first, his creation seems to work. At the very end, however, it sends Granny Jojo smacking up against the ceiling instead of out the window.
Anais says: "Maybe we could just open the front door."
More Issues.
Gumball lets Louie in.
Louie says: "Ah, thanks, kid."
Louie says: "Hello, cottontail."
Richard says: "No!"
As they are about to kiss, Richard comes out of his room, and blocks their mouths. He gets saliva all over his hand. Disgusted, he wipes this off on Gumball's face.
Gumball says: "Well, that's that face ruined."
Gumball throws away his head, and a new one immediately sprouts in its place.
Richard says: "Get away from my mom, get out of our lives!"
Richard says: "I am the man of this house!"
Louie says: "Well,  It seems there's only one way to settle this."
Granny Jojo says: "Uigh."
Granny Jojo says: "Please don't lower your standards, and demonstrate your manhoods in physical confrontation."
Gumball says: "You're right, Granny Jojo."
Gumball says: "A man-off is a great idea!"
Louie says: "I was gonna say we could settle this by sitting down, and having a calm, reasonable conversation."
Richard says: "I was gonna suggest rock, paper, scissors!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Then man-off it is!"
The Man-Off.
All the guys are in the backyard.
Gumball says: "A man eats meat with his fingers."
Gumball says: "A man doesn't need to wash his pants to really stand up by themselves."
Gumball says: "A man scratches whatever part of his body he likes in public, and shows no shame!"
Gumball says: "A man drinks straight from the milk carton, and when he spills some on the floor, he cleans it with his sock."
Gumball says: "So, it'll be hard to figure out who of you two is the best man!"
Gumball says: "But, we will give it our manly best."
Gumball says: "Gentlemen!"
Gumball says: "Your first trial will be…hair-growing."
Louie says: "Oh, well, I've won."
Gumball says: "What—"
Gumball says: "how?"
Louie is seen to be very hairy.
Louie says: "Kid, I'm seventy-two years old."
Louie says: "I need to shave seventeen times a day."
Louie says: "Just while you were talking, my nose hair reached my bottom lip."
Darwin says: "And the winner is Louie!"
Richard says: "What!"
Richard says: "?"
Richard says: "What about my sole patch?"
Richard shows them a small patch of hair on his chin.
Gumball says: "Psst."
Gumball motions to Louie. Louie's hair has grown to the point of covering his whole body.
Gumball says: "Next round: Man washing!"
Anais evaluates them washing themselves. Richard washes himself with his clothes on, and Anais is grossed out by his smell. Louie washes himself with a toothbrush. When Anais smells his breath, her head spins around, her ears pop off, and she melts.
Gumball says: "Man sitting!"
Louie and Richard sit on the couch. They spread their legs as wide as they can. Louie practically does a split while Richard falls on the ground trying to outdo him.
Gumball says: "Man cooking!"
Louie cooks some meat, and Gumball eats it. He spits it out.
Gumball says: "Ugh, it's rare!"
Louie says: "That's how a man eats."
Richard says: "That's not rare, this is!"
Richard tries to eat a live cow. It kicks him away.
Gumball says: "Man whistling!"
Louie does a whistle with his hand.
Richard says: "Ha!"
Richard says: "I could do it better with only one finger."
Gumball says: "Man dancing!"
Richard dances to a radio, while Louie does nothing.
Gumball says: "That was a trick question."
Gumball says: "A real man doesn't dance."
The Feelings, the Bad Father and the Good Son.
Gumball, Darwin, and out two man-off contestants are sitting around the living room table.
Gumball says: "And for the final challenge: sharing your emotions!"
Louie says: "What?"
Richard says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "All of this was a trick to make you confront man's deepest, darkest fear: talking about your feelings."
Richard says: "Well, that's a waste of time, there's nothing to talk about."
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, Richard, what about your dad?"
Granny Jojo says: "I thought you understood he didn't really go to get milk?"
Richard suppresses his emotions. He struggles to keep himself from crying.
Richard says: "I know… I know."
Granny Jojo says: "I know, I know."
Granny Jojo says: "I liked him too."
Granny Jojo says: "It's just…he felt otherwise."
Granny Jojo says: "Come on, just let it all out."
Richard cries hard. Granny Jojo comforts him amidst the shower of tears and mucus.
Granny Jojo says: "Come on, kid."
Granny Jojo says: "That's it."
Granny Jojo says: "Don't be sillier than you already are."
Granny Jojo says: "Your brain might stall once and for all."
Richard says: "You know, I want you to be happy too."
Richard says: "LOUIE!"
Richard says: "From now on, I'll call you Daddy!"
Louie says: "Um,  A lot of weather we've been having lately."
Richard puts him down, and Louis pats him.
Anais says: "Are you gonna be okay, Dad?"
Richard says: "Yes, sweetie."
Richard says: "There comes a time when in your life, you have to grow up, and become a man."
Richard hugs his family. Louie and Granny Jojo kiss happily, making him gag one last time.
Episode ends.