Sad Rocky.
Rocky says: "Okay, are you guys gonna ask why I look so down or what?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, dude, I thought that was your gaming face."
Darwin says: "Yeah, mine looks like a lonely widow looking out at the waves that claimed her sea captain husband."
Gumball says: "Mine's like halfway between a sneeze and a belch."
They both do their gaming faces.
Rocky says: "Are you gonna ask me or not?"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry, yes."
Gumball says: "What's wrong?"
Rocky says: "You wouldn't understand."
Gumball says: "Okay, then."
Rocky sighs.
Rocky says: "The only woman I've spoken to in the last six months was a farmer's daughter who wanted me to retrieve her goat."
Gumball says: "Sounds like you could milk that situation."
Rocky says: "It was in the video game we're playing."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Did you find the goat, though?"
Rocky says: "That's not the point!"
Rocky says: "Instead of living my life, all I do is waste it online raiding orc villages with a couple of juvenile dwarves."
Darwin says: "Hey, Gisly and Tarquin were very useful in the last raid."
Darwin says: "They just need to gain more XPs."
Rocky says: "I meant you two."
Gumball and Darwin gasp.
Gumball says: "If I wasn't such a neutral-good character, I would push you into that lava pit and steal your loot."
Darwin says: "I could start a new character and be your girlfriend in the game."
Rocky says: "A dwarf and an elf can't be in love."
Rocky says: "It goes against the lore."
Rocky says: "Besides, I've already seen the woman of my dreams."
Rocky runs down the escalator to her but then trips as the escalator keeps flipping him over.
Rocky says: "I looked everywhere for her, but she was gone."
Rocky says: "She was the one."
Rocky starts to moan sadly again.
Gumball says: "Dude, you know how people say there's only one love in their life and that if they'd never met them, they'd have been alone and sad forever?"
Rocky says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "That's because they're married to them and it would be very expensive to say otherwise."
Rocky says: "Well, what am I supposed to do?"
Computer makes a noise.
Rocky says: "You have not interacted with a female player for..."
Computer loads.
Rocky says: "Ever."
Rocky says: "Meet the love of your life, download our new app now."
Darwin says: "It's a sign."
Gumball says: "No, it's a cynical ad aimed at desperate people."
Gumball says: "But let's be honest, they've hit their target."
Rocky sighs.
Rocky says: "I'll give it a try."
Rocky downloads the app on his phone.
Gumball says: "Traweler?"
Rocky says: "Oh, I've heard of this!"
Rocky says: "It's called Trawlr!"
Darwin says: "Trawlr?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "I get it!"
Gumball says: "It's because there's plenty of fish in the sea, and uh, you, uh, won't catch uh, you won't catch a fish with- No no no, uh..."
Darwin says: "And you need the net to catch it!"
Darwin says: "Nu ah ah, I said it first!"
Gumball hangs his head, gloomy.
Making Rocky's Trawlr Account.
Bell rings.
Gumball says: "Okay, you're gonna need a good photo if you want to stand out."
Rocky says: "This Internet dating thing lacks romance."
Rocky says: "I always thought that I would meet my girlfriend by bumping into her and accidentally switching brief cases, or she runs me over with her pickup truck and while I'm lying on the road, she gives me CPR and when I come round, she wipes away the dribble and we share a passionate kiss."
Gumball says: "How 'bout prison, you got a romcom scenario for that?"
Rocky says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "You look like the kinda guy who loves taxidermy and long walks in the dark."
Darwin says: "It's 'cause they're the wrong angle for a selfie."
Darwin says: "Everyone looks awful from underneath."
Darwin says: "You need to go high."
Darwin says: "Look."
Everyone looks at photo of Rocky, which looks scary causing Darwin to gasp loudly.
Gumball says: "I guess we're going to have to do what every teenager does on the internet."
Trying out Trawlr.
School is dismissed.
Rocky says: "Now, it's asking me to write a bio."
Rocky says: "How would describe my financial situation?"
Darwin says: "Tragic?"
Rocky says: "It also wants to know my hobbies."
Darwin says: "Well?"
Rocky says: "I like cheese and internet memes!"
Gumball says: "That's gonna be hard to sell."
Rocky says: "Well, how would you describe me?"
Rocky says: "I'm a school janitor who mops the bathrooms and serves slop in the cafeteria for less than minimum wage."
Gumball says: "Just embellish the truth."
Gumball says: "Like, uh, I work for a nonprofit organization that saves children from squalor, diseases, and starvation."
Rocky says: "Ok, so here's how it works."
Rocky says: "I get profiles of girls located in the same town, and I slide down when I see the one I like."
Rocky says: "If she does the same, we get to chat."
A human woman comes up on the app, and the guys make barf noises and gag.
Darwin says: "She looks like a puppet made out of meat!"
Rocky says: "Her hair looks like it's made out of lots of little hairs!"
Gumball says: "And what's wrong with her hands?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Aw dude, she's got five fingers!"
Gumball says: "Slide up!"
Gumball says: "Slide up!"
A pebble with a smiley face comes up.
All says: "Now, we're talking."
Rocky says: "Should I slide down?"
Gumball says: "No dude, you need to check out the market before you park it."
Rocky slides up.
Gumball says: "Too tall."
Rocky slides up.
Gumball says: "Too small."
Rocky slides up.
Gumball says: "Too average size."
Darwin says: "Aren't they going to feel bad being rejected?"
Rocky says: "Meh, it's all virtual, no one actually gets hurt."
Slides up.
Scene cuts to the Hexagon Lady flying up.
Another scene cuts to Alison flying up.
Last scene cuts to Felicity flying up, but she is in her car and crashes into a house.
Darwin says: "Are you sure we're not being too picky?"
Gumball says: "You tell me."
Gumball says: "This one just sent a picture of her new tattoo of Rocky's face."
Rocky smiles.
Gumball says: "On her face."
Then frowns.
Darwin says: "Uh, slide up."
Rocky slides up.
They watch as a person falls down from the sky.
The Green Bear pops up on Rocky's phone.
Rocky says: "Oo, what about this one?"
Rocky says: "Ah, she likes me, she said "Hey," what do I say?"
Rocky says: "Quick, I need a pickup line!"
Darwin says: "Oh, uh, how about, "Hey girl, did you know that when you're in love, your heart burns up to a hundred calories per hour?"
Darwin says: "Wanna go for a workout?"
Gumball says: "Yes, great!"
Gumball says: "Type exactly what we say."
Rocky types what they say.
Rocky says: "And, send!"
Rocky says: ""Are you calling me fat?"
Gumball says: "Uh, no no no!"
Gumball says: "Say "I just meant, was your dad a baker?"
Rocky says: "She says "Why, because it looks like I only eat cake?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I was gonna say "because you look very sweet!"
Gumball says: "" Awh, you pressed send too early!"
Darwin says: "Try, "You could stop traffic."
Rocky types what Darwin says.
Rocky says: ""I get it, cause I'm such a car crash."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: ""Because people would stop to look at you!"
Gumball says: "Try, "Was there an earthquake or did you just walk into the room?"
Rocky types and sends too early again.
Gumball says: "Stop pressing send too early, you dork muffin!"
Gumball says: ""Was there an earthquake or did you just walk into the room you dork muffin?"
Gumball says: "" What is wrong with you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Rocky says: "Okay!"
Rocky says: "Okay!"
Rocky says: "I'm trying but you're going too fast!"
Rocky says: "In case you haven't noticed, it's kinda hard to text with these!"
Rocky says: ""Meh meh, meh meh meh."
Darwin says: "What?"
Rocky says: "I have a face only a mother could love."
Gumball says: "Yeah, well your mom is so nasty that she bit a dog and gave it rabies."
Gumball says: "You're still typing, aren't you."
Rocky says: "Yeah."
Gumball facepalms.
Rocky flies up and screams, then falls on the steps in front of the school.
Darwin says: "On the plus side, you got another hit."
Rocky grabs the phone and sees the person.
Rocky says: "Okay, this one just has a picture of a white mask."
Rocky says: "Pickup line?"
Darwin says: ""Are you a combination of my recent memories and my childhood traumas?"
Darwin says: "Because girl, you are a dream."
Gumball and Rocky look at him.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "That's what dreams are."
Gumball takes Rocky's phone.
Gumball says: ""Meh meh meh meh meh meh..."
Gumball gasps and makes a horrified face, and quickly realizes it is Mrs. Robinson. He just looks at Rocky and does not tell him.
Rocky says: "So?"
Gumball quickly slides up and scene cuts to Mrs. Robinson flying up from her house and falling back in front of the house.
Gumball says: "Nah, she rejected you."
Rocky says: "Finding love on the internet is like spray cheese."
Rocky says: "It might taste like cheese, but it's really bad for your self-esteem."
Rocky says: "What happened to finding love the romantic way?"
Rocky says: "Like looking at each other across a crowded room at a party neither of you are enjoying."
Rocky says: "Or chasing after someone before they board their flight and disappear forever."
Gumball says: "That only happens in the movies."
Gumball says: "Which you would know if you could get a date to go to the cinema with."
Rocky's phone makes a noise.
Darwin says: "Dude, what did you say the girl of your dreams looks like?"
Rocky says: "Like my soulmate."
Darwin shows Rocky his phone with the girl he saw at the mall earlier.
Rocky says: "That's her!"
Rocky says: "The girl from the mall!"
Gumball says: "Puppet victory dance!"
They all dance crazily.
Rocky says: "Time to slide down, 'cause things are looking up!"
Rocky slides down while Darwin is holding the phone.
Darwin says: "Wait."
Rocky says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You just slid up."
Rocky says: "What do you?"
Rocky says: "What?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Rocky says: "How?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Darwin says: "I was holding it flat, the picture was toward me!"
Darwin says: "You slid the wrong way man!"
Rocky says: "Well, slide it back!"
Darwin says: "You can't!"
Darwin says: "That's how it works!"
Darwin says: "If you slide up, it's over!"
Rocky says: "She's gone."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "If she popped up on that phone, it means she's still in town."
Gumball says: "Rocky, it's time for romance."
Rocky sighs happily.
Finding Rocky's Soulmate.
Music starts playing as they run across town.
Gumball says: "Out of the way!"
Gumball says: "Move!"
Shape Lady says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Shape Lady says: "!"
Gumball says: "We're trying to find the love of his life before she disappears forever!"
Shape Lady says: "Well, if it's in the name of love, then..."
The guys run over Betty.
Betty says: "What does she look like?"
Gumball pushes Gary while he is holding a plant and puts the plant on top of Rocky's head.
Betty​​​​​​​ says: "I saw her at the hospital."
Betty gives them a thumbs up.
They enter the hospital and as Marvin exits the hospital, Gumball goes back and pushes Marvin off his wheelchair.
Gumball says: "We need to see your medical records!"
Bandage nurse says: "Are you crazy?!"
Bandage nurse says: "!"
Bandage nurse says: "That's illegal!"
Darwin says: "It's in the name of love!"
Bandage nurse says: "Well if it's in the name of love, then..."
Darwin says: "Uh, her name is Brydie!"
Darwin says: "She lives in the suburbs with her parents, and she was born with three ears!"
They stop running as they inhale deeply.
Darwin says: "Ah, but she got one surgically removed."
Gumball says: "Meh."
Rocky says: "Meh."
Scene changes to Harold driving in a car and Rocky pulling him out.
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Help!"
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Thief!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, it's in the name of love!"
Harold​​​​​​​ says: "Well, if it's in the name of love, then..."
Darwin says: "Wait, that car looks faster."
They finally reach Brydie's house and ring her doorbell. As her father comes to open it, Rocky runs him over with the car.
Rocky says: "Brydie!"
Brydie's father says: "What do you want?"
Rocky says: "Love."
Brydie's father says: "Upstairs, second on the left."
Brydie's father says: "No worries."
Scene cuts to Brydie listening to music in her bedroom as Rocky appears in front of her.
Brydie says: "What are you doing here?!"
Brydie says: "!"
Gumball says: "He's been chasing you since you lovingly locked eyes at the mall, before you disappeared into the crowd."
Darwin says: "He's been on a quest to find you all day!"
Gumball says: "He pushed babies to the floor!"
Darwin says: "He stole your medical record!"
Gumball says: "He jacked a car!"
Darwin says: "And ran over your dad when he stepped between you!"
Gumball says: "All in the name of love!"
Brydie says: "That sounds a little like child bullying, breach of privacy, grand theft auto, battery, and stalking."
Brydie says: "Let me rephrase that: it's exactly what it is!"
Brydie says: "And for the record, we did not lock eyes lovingly!"
Flashback to the mall with Rocky staring intently at Brydie, who looks scared.
Darwin says: "Then why did you hit him up on Trawlr?"
Brydie says: "Because the creepy guy standing in my bedroom looks nothing like this!"
Rocky sighs.
Brydie says: "Wait!"
Brydie says: "Wait, after everything you've been through to find me, I can't just let you walk away."
Rocky gets excited.
Brydie slides her phone up and they fly out of her bedroom. Scene changes to Rocky playing a game on his computer, where Darwin plays as a dwarf to be Rocky's girlfriend in the game.
Episode ends.