The Elusive Package.
Episode starts with Richard in the bathtub, roleplaying as two rubber ducks, with one of them wearing a beard made of soap bubbles.
Richard says: "Did you bring the money?"
Richard says: "Ten quacks million dollars."
Richard says: "It's all in the sponge."
Richard says: "Good!"
He pushes a toy sailboat towards the ducks.
Richard says: "Freeze!"
Richard says: "This is the U."
Richard says: "S."
Richard says: "Government!"
Richard says: "You're under arrest for bath time crimes."
Richard says: "What?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "You double quack-crossed me, Professor?"
Richard says: "The beard was fake?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "It's like Budapest all over again!"
The doorbell rings.
Richard says: "Can someone get that?"
Richard says: "Anyone?"
He steps outside, with a towel on his head, wrapped in toilet paper, and wearing a bath mat cape with a toilet brush tied on. He notices a slip of paper on the doormat and reads it.
Richard says: "Hmm?"
Richard says: ""Sorry we missed you."
Richard says: "" Darn it, that was the final piece of my subscription jigsaw!"
Richard says: "I still have no idea what it's gonna be."
Flashback to the jigsaw; it's a simple four-piece puzzle of an apple. Richard goes inside, where Gumball and Darwin are lazing around.
Richard says: "Why didn't you guys answer the door?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "I forgot we were your personal butlers."
Darwin says: "How would His Lordship like his eggs?"
Richard says: "In a bucket, smothered with more eggs—"
Richard says: "Wait a minute!"
Richard says: "Don't distract me!"
Richard says: "He's walking towards his truck!"
Richard says: "He's reached his truck!"
Richard says: "He's opening one of the back doors of his truck!"
Richard says: "He's putting my package into the back of his truck!"
Richard says: "He's adjusting his pants!"
Richard says: "He's still adjusting his—"
Gumball says: "Just get out there and talk to him!"
Darwin says: "Just get out there and talk to him!"
Outside, Mr. Gruber, the delivery man, scans Richard’s package while whistling.
Richard says: "I caught you."
Richard says: "I can take my package now."
Mr. Gruber says: "I'm sorry?"
Richard says: "You're confused."
Richard says: "From my fancy clothes, you must think I'm some sort of wealthy lord, but I am actually Richard Watterson, and that package is for me."
Richard says: "So, I'll take it."
Mr. Gruber starts laughing. Richard nervously laughs with him, but when he stops, Mr. Gruber continues laughing.
Mr. Gruber says: "No."
Mr. Gruber says: "The package has been entered into the system as undelivered."
Mr. Gruber says: "It will be returned to the depot as per subsection thirty-seven B of company procedure."
Richard says: "But I can see it."
Richard says: "Can't you just give it to me?"
Mr. Gruber says: "If rules and regulations mean nothing to you."
Richard says: "So I can have it?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Do you know where we'd be without rules and regulations?"
Richard says: "Right here but I'd have my package?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Life would be like a giant cage fight..."
Mr. Gruber says: "without the cage."
He puts the package into the back of his truck and closes it. Richard runs to the front of the truck as he is leaving.
Richard says: "Wait!"
Mr. Gruber says: "You missed the delivery, you could pick it up at the depot or pay for a redelivery, the choice is yours."
Mr. Gruber says: "Good day, sir!"
He speeds off. Richard goes back inside.
Richard says: "Ah, there's no way I'm going to the depot!"
Richard says: "And I don't wanna pay ten bucks for a redelivery."
Gumball says: "Well, just lie."
Gumball says: "Then they'll have to redeliver for free."
Richard says: "Great idea!"
Richard says: "I'll tell them I'm a ghost who couldn't open the front door because I don't have a physical body, and that they shouldn't discriminate against me because of my spirit status!"
Gumball says: "Or just say the delivery guy didn't ring the doorbell."
Richard says: "Eh, I like mine better, but okay."
You Lied!
Richard is staring at his unfinished jigsaw.
Richard says: "Come on, Richard."
Richard says: "What could it possibly be?"
[He tries to imagine the possibilities says: "a pizza, a foot, a chimney, and an eyeball."
[He tries to imagine the possibilities says: "The doorbell rings, interrupting his thoughts."
Gumball says: "Uh, Dad!"
He comes over. Scraps of paper placed on the doormat from the delivery slip are shown, saying "YOU LIED!".
Richard says: ""You lied"?"
Gumball says: "You know who did this, right?"
Richard says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "No, the delivery guy!"
Mr. Gruber is on the sidewalk, glaring at Richard.
Richard says: "Oh, yeah."
Mr. Gruber says: "How dare you lie and say I didn't ring the doorbell?!"
Mr. Gruber says: "!"
Mr. Gruber says: "You have dragged my spotless reputation through the dirt!"
Mr. Gruber says: "What was once perfect and pure has been ruined."
Mr. Gruber says: "Like a white dove wearing hoop earrings."
Gumball says: "Listen, dude."
Gumball says: "All he wants is his package."
Mr. Gruber says: "Company policy allows only three deliveries per item."
Mr. Gruber says: "You missed the first delivery, therefore, you have two remaining."
Mr. Gruber says: "Miss them, and you will have to drag your lazy lying butt to the depot!"
Richard says: "You monster!"
Richard says: "You know how long the lines are at the depot!"
Richard says: "There's not enough of my life left!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Boo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Boo-hoo-hoo!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Boo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I think he means this."
Mr. Gruber says: "Sorry, can't do mime."
Mr. Gruber says: "Love it, can't do it."
Mr. Gruber says: "Anyway, the game is on!"
Richard says: "Right!"
Richard says: "There's no way I'm missing that delivery again!"
Richard says: "Nothing's gonna distract me!"
Richard says: "I'm gonna stand right here until that guy comes back!"
Gumball says: "Meh, whatever."
Darwin says: "Meh, whatever."
They walk inside, and right as they do, Richard is on the couch.
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "Yeah, standing up was hurting my legs, and I can't see the TV from out there."
Darwin says: "But you can't see the delivery guy from in here!"
Richard says: "Yeah, I can."
Richard says: "I'll see him in the reflection in the corner of the TV, and nothing's gonna distract me!"
An ice cream truck is playing music outside.
Richard says: "Ah!"
Richard says: "Ice cream!"
He looks through the window. The truck says "FREE Ice Cream" on it. Mr. Gruber, inside the truck, chuckles evilly.
Richard says: "No, no, no."
Richard says: "Stay strong."
Richard says: "Free ice cream!"
Richard says: "Oh, come on, Richard, you can do this!"
Mr. Gruber writes "For Richard Watterson" under the top message.
Richard says: "Free ice cream for Richard Watterson?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "I will not under any circumstances let this distract me!"
It is revealed that he has broken off the wall, and he is in front of the ice cream truck.
Richard says: "Can I have chocolate sprinkles?"
Mr. Gruber says: "But of course, Mr."
Mr. Gruber says: "Watterson."
Richard says: "Wait, I know that voice."
Mr. Gruber says: "No, you don't."
Richard says: "No, I don't."
Mr. Gruber says: "Come and get it!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Little bit further, little bit further, little bit further, little bit further..."
Richard does not keep up as the truck drives forward. Gumball and Darwin watch from where the broken-off wall had been.
Gumball says: "Eh, we better go get him."
Mr. Gruber and Richard have gone all the way out to the desert. Dehydrated, Richard still continues his efforts to reach the ice cream.
Mr. Gruber says: "Little bit further, little bit further."
Mr. Gruber says: "Nearly there."
Mr. Gruber says: "Mister Watterson!"
Richard says: "You!"
Richard says: "But how?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard's phone vibrates in his pocket.
Richard says: "Hello?"
Richard says: "Ahh!"
[Richard grabs his real phone from his pocket. He receives a message says: "a video of Mr."
[Richard grabs his real phone from his pocket. He receives a message says: "Gruber leaving the package at his door and ringing the doorbell."
Mr. Gruber says: "Oh, nobody home."
Mr. Gruber says: "That's one delivery left, Mr."
Mr. Gruber says: "Watterson, but don't give up, unless you're..."
Mr. Gruber says: "."
Mr. Gruber says: "chicken!"
Mr. Gruber clucks like a chicken while imitating an elephant in gesture. Richard crushes his cone in anger and opens up his hand. Inside reveals another missed delivery slip. He faints, and Gumball and Darwin are shown next to him.
Gumball says: "Yeah, that's an elephant."
Mr. Gruber's Dirty Tricks.
Back home, Richard is spying through the mail slot.
Darwin says: "Oh, come on, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "You've been there for four hours!"
Richard says: "He tricked me out of that last delivery, and now there's only one left."
Richard says: "There's no way he'll get me again!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Hello, honey."
Mr. Gruber says: "This is me, your wife."
Richard says: "You don't sound like my wife Nicole."
Richard says: "If you're my wife Nicole, answer me this."
Richard says: "What's your name?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Mmm..."
Mr. Gruber says: "Nicole?"
Richard says: "Hmm, seems watertight."
Richard says: "So, what's up, honey?"
Mr. Gruber says: "I'm in the hospital!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Come quick!"
Mr. Gruber says: "My heart has..."
Mr. Gruber says: "fallen off!"
Richard says: "Quick, into the car!"
Richard says: "No time to explain!"
Richard, Gumball, and Darwin leave.
Mr says: "I'm not really his wife."
Gruber says: "I'm not really his wife."
Richard, Gumball and Darwin drive to the hospital. Richard inaudibly speaks to a receptionist, only to find that on the bed is a pile of missed delivery slips in the shape of Nicole.
Richard says: "Ahh!"
Richard says: "Nicole's got a disease that turns people's skin into missed delivery slips!"
Bandage Doctor says: "Please, keep it down!"
Bandage Doctor says: "There are other people in this ward trying to pull off cruel and elaborate pranks as well!"
A brick is thrown onto the bed from outside. Richard unties the note; it is a photo of Mr. Gruber leaving the package at their doorstep a third time.
Richard says: "He's done it again!"
Mr. Gruber starts talking through a walkie-talkie nestled in a bouquet of flowers by the bed.
Mr. Gruber says: "Ah, Mr."
Mr. Gruber says: "Watterson."
Richard says: "How do those flowers know my name?!"
Richard says: "!"
Mr. Gruber says: "It appears you missed your final delivery, but I'm willing to give you a last chance."
Mr. Gruber says: "Your package will be at a collection point."
Mr. Gruber says: "But where, I hear you ask."
Mr. Gruber says: "Ask this in!"
Gumball, Oh, I thought that was rhetorical.
Gumball says: "Where?"
Darwin says: "Where?"
Richard says: "Where?"
Mr. Gruber is shown calling them from a collection point at the mall.
Mr. Gruber says: "Where can I go shopping in the rain, but I don't get wet?"
Richard says: "Online!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Oh, yeah, I guess online works, too."
Mr. Gruber says: "Well, your package will be at the Elmore Mall, where it will remain for the next four minutes precisely."
Mr. Gruber says: "Tick tock, Watterson."
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard gasp and run off.
Mr. Gruber says: "I'm not really a bunch of flowers."
The Lazy Man's Vengeance.
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard are at the hospital entrance, where they see their car being towed away.
Richard says: "Oh, no!"
Richard says: "He clamped the car!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I don't think that was him."
Richard says: "Well, I guess we'll have to get there on foot, and we've only got three minutes!"
Richard says: "We can do this!"
The three finally make it to the collection point at the mall, panting from exhaustion.
Richard says: "We made it!"
Richard says: "And only thirty-eight minutes late."
Darwin opens the package door with no package inside.
Darwin says: "It's empty!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard's phone buzzes; another message from Mr. Gruber plays.
Mr. Gruber says: "You're late, Watterson, but I'll give you one more chance to get your package."
Mr. Gruber says: "You can find it in the building that houses all the old fossils that no one ever goes to visit."
Richard says: "The retirement home!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Uh, yeah, that works too, but the package will be at the museum for the next five minutes."
Richard says: "Let's go!"
He starts to run, but Gumball pulls him back.
Gumball says: "Dad, no, no!"
Gumball says: "Why are you letting him mess with you like this?"
Richard says: "Because honest, hardworking, by-the-book, set-the-alarm guys like him always win!"
Richard says: "I'm doing this for the slobs everywhere, for the guy who orders the wrong thing online but is then too lazy to return it!"
Richard's words catch the attention of many mall patrons.
Pantsbully says: "Hey!"
Pantsbully says: "I'm that guy!"
Richard says: "For the guy who pays two cellphone bills per year because he can't be bothered to cancel one of them!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Ha!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "I'm payin' for three!"
Richard says: "And for the guy who can't even be bothered to finish his sentence!"
Teapot says: "Hey, I'm totally, uhh..."
Richard says: "He thinks he can take advantage of our laziness, but today, the lazy man lifts a finger!"
Richard says: "Who's with me?!"
Richard says: "!"
The lazy people throughout the mall collectively mumble. Richard sighs.
Darwin says: "We're with you, Mister Dad!"
Darwin says: "Let's go get that package!"
The Great Package Chase.
Gumball, Darwin, and Richard run across town. Mr. Gruber talks through Richard's phone.
Mr. Gruber says: "Elmore Museum!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Four minutes!"
Richard opens the collection point on top of a dinosaur skeleton, finding no package. The skeleton breaks.
Mr. Gruber says: "The toxic waste disposal site!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Three minutes!"
At the toxic waste disposal site, the Wattersons open the collection point to find no package, and the collection point sinks in glowing sewage.
Mr. Gruber says: "The stadium end zone!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Five minutes!"
In the middle of the football field, Richard opens the collection point and there is a football inside. He promptly gets tackled by the players.
Mr. Gruber says: "The Elmore runway!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Six minutes!"
The collection point is on a plane taking off. Richard reaches for it, but falls off the plane.
Mr. Gruber says: "The tanning salon!"
At the tanning salon, Richard opens the tanning bed on Principal Brown, completely shaved and reading a book. Richard screams.
Mr. Gruber says: "The sewers!"
Darwin reaches for a collection point in the sewer water, but an alligator comes out and chases him.
Mr. Gruber says: "The kitten orphanage!"
Covered in and tackled by kittens, Gumball opens a package door. They keep quickly opening doors as Mr. Gruber keeps naming places.
Mr. Gruber says: "Precious Late and Ten Emporium!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Fabio's Downtown Duvet Bunker!"
Mr. Gruber says: "The stage of the Dad Wake Up Awards!"
Richard wakes up on the stage. The Shooting Star hands him a trophy.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "Wake up!"
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
Richard says: "I fell asleep at the DWAs!"
Richard says: "How embarrassing..."
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "Wake up!"
Darwin says: "Wake up!"
Richard wakes up again for real, revealing that they are at a collection point under the interstate. A public phone rings, and Richard answers it.
Richard says: "Hello?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Ready to give up?"
Mr. Gruber says: "You'll never find me, and you'll never get your package."
Richard says: "That's nuts."
Gumball says: "Aw, I'm sorry, Dad."
Gumball says: "I guess he's won."
Richard says: "Shh!"
Darwin says: "What's he doing?"
Gumball says: "I think he's deflating!"
Richard says: "Did you hear it?"
Richard says: "The frying sound?"
Richard says: "It's peanut oil!"
Richard says: "At 180."
Richard says: "47 degrees."
Richard says: "There are only three restaurants that use that kind of oil: Joyful Burger, but they switched to lard substitute because it was cheaper!"
Richard says: "Sloppy John's Filthy Burgers, but they were shut down because of that whole rat burger incident!"
Richard says: "That only leaves that diner next to the pet cemetery, but they shut that down seemingly for no reason!"
Richard says: "This doesn't make any sense!"
Richard says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "Unless it isn't a restaurant, it's a food truck!"
Richard says: "Diagnosis Burger, on the interstate!"
Richard says: "But I'll never get there in time!"
Gumball says: "You will, Dad!"
Gumball says: "You just need to trust your inner slob!"
At Diagnosis Burger, the Cowboy flips burgers while Mr. Gruber laughs on the phone.
Mr. Gruber says: "That's weird, he hung up after he said "That's nuts."
Cowboy says: "Yeah!"
Cowboy says: "Peanut oil!"
Cowboy says: "I've cooked with it for years!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Watterson couldn't know just from the sound!"
Cowboy says: "Did you say Watterson?"
Cowboy says: "That guy's my best customer!"
Cowboy says: "He even comes on vacation with me!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Well, if he comes by here, keep it zipped!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Understand?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Zipped!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Ah, what am I even worrying about?"
Mr. Gruber says: "He'll never find me!"
Mr. Gruber says: "He's too lazy."
Mr. Gruber says: "No!"
Mr. Gruber says: "That's not possible!"
Richard, covered in stamps, is about to drop from the plane.
Richard says: "Deliver me."
Gary and Jeff push him off. Mr. Gruber tries to start his truck, but it won't start.
Mr. Gruber says: "Come on!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Come on!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Yah!"
He starts driving, but Richard falls straight into the back of the truck. His parachute deployed, Richard comes out the back, holding his package high.
Richard says: "My package!"
Mr. Gruber says: "Nein!"
Mr. Gruber says: "That package is property of the U."
Mr. Gruber says: "S."
Mr. Gruber says: "Mail, and it's going back to the depot where it belongs!"
Closes the back of the truck, then quickly reopens it.
Mr. Gruber says: "Sorry, I realized you're still in my truck."
Mr. Gruber says: "Get out."
A Win for the Slobs.
Mr. Gruber laughs as he drives off. "Ode to Joy" plays and a montage starts of him laughing as he puts a package on the conveyor belt, has a fancy dinner, sleeps, gets dressed, has breakfast, brushes his teeth, punches in at the post office, puts a package into his truck, and delivers it to the Watterson house. Richard opens the door, smirking.
Mr. Gruber says: "Huh?!"
Mr. Gruber says: "!"
Mr. Gruber says: "But..."
Mr. Gruber says: "your package is still at the depot!"
Richard says: "Yeah, I just ordered the exact same thing."
Richard says: "Seemed like less effort."
Mr. Gruber says: "What?"
Mr. Gruber says: "Rather than going to collect your package, you bought the same thing all over again?!"
Mr. Gruber says: "!"
Mr. Gruber says: "How could you get any lazier?!"
Mr. Gruber says: "!"
Richard says: "I'll tell you how."
Richard says: "My son thought of the idea because I couldn't be bothered."
Mr. Gruber says: "That doesn't mean you've won!"
Richard says: "Actually, it does."
Mr. Gruber says: "Nooooooo!"
He drops to his knees and mimes pulling a rope. Episode ends.