A New Exotic Food Section!
The episode starts with the Wattersons at Elmore Shopping. Gumball and Darwin pass by the exotic food section.
Darwin says: "Gumball, look!"
Darwin says: "There's a new exotic food section!"
Gumball says: "Cowboy caviar?"
Darwin says: "Yum!"
Darwin says: "What is it?"
Gumball says: "Umm..."
Gumball says: "eggs?"
Gumball says: "From..."
Gumball says: "cowboys?"
Darwin says: "I'm judging from your expression that my life will be better if I just believe that."
Gumball says: "Ewww!"
Gumball says: "Look at this one, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Minced fat and connective tissues in a cellulose casing, sprayed with liquid flavoring and saltwater?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's the worst thing I've ever- Oh, what do you know, it's just hot dogs."
Darwin says: "It's not as weird as powdered goat milk."
Darwin says: "Who needs that?"
Gumball says: "A lactose-intolerant astronaut."
Both snicker and walk away. Two characters, similar-looking to Gumball and Darwin, enter the stage and perform the exact same thing as Gumball and Darwin.
Ribbit says: "Chi Chi, look!"
Ribbit says: "There's a new exotic food section!"
Chi Chi says: "Ewww!"
Chi Chi says: "Look at this one, Ribbit!"
Gumball says: "Uh, what is going on here?"
Chi Chi says: "Uh, what is going on here?"
Gumball says: "Hah!"
Gumball says: "I just made you eat cowboy caviar!"
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "He's standing next to the lychees!"
Gumball says: "Wait, so..."
Chi Chi gags.
Gumball gags.
Chi Chi gags.
Darwin says: "Stop it!"
Ribbit gags.
Gumball gags.
Chi Chi gags.
Darwin gags.
Ribbit gags.
All of them gag.
In the Car.
Cut to the Wattersons in the car.
Gumball says: "So, we were in the exotic food aisle, and they were copying everything we did!"
Richard says: "Exotic food."
Darwin says: "They were like us, but fake, like margarine to our butter."
Richard says: "Margarine and butter."
Gumball says: "Seriously, it was like looking in a mirror made of meat."
Richard says: "Mirror."
Gumball says: "Are you even listening to what we're saying?"
Nicole says: "Oh, honey, everyone has a doppelgänger."
Nicole says: "Remember that sunburnt guy's belly that looked like Anais?"
Nicole shows her phone with a picture of a guy's sunburnt belly. Anais frowns.
Gumball says: "You don't understand, they were literally copying everything we—"
Gumball says: "There they are!"
Gumball points to another family in the car driving right beside them; Both families look at each other.
Nicole says: "What the?"
Chi Chi's mom says: "What the?"
The family crashes in a tollbooth. Milk Guy falls out of the booth and spills while the copycat family drives away.
The Incredible World of Chi-Chi.
Scene cuts to the Watterson's house. Gumball is on a laptop looking up a Chinese website.
Gumball says: "Look at this!"
A Chinese website is shown with the copycats.
Darwin says: "Click "translate"."
Gumball translates the page.
Gumball says: "Oh, here's my doppelgänger, "Chi-Chi."
Gumball says: "This goat is attention of the center."
Gumball says: "He is serious, don't you trust him?"
Gumball says: "A heavy party love hero with powerful personality defectives."
The whole family laughs.
Darwin says: "That makes no sense, look at mine."
Darwin says: ""Ribbit."
Darwin says: "This frog is a frog, but why?"
Darwin says: "He's so green and mighty you wouldn't trust him with lunch."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Darwin says: "Yes, he is determined."
The whole family laughs.
Richard says: "Apparently, "I am a tired lazy belly male lurking inside sofa."
Richard says: "Watch him obnoxious."
Richard says: "Laugh and spoil yourself."
The whole family laughs.
Nicole says: "I think I just spoiled myself a little."
Nicole says: "Look at mine!"
Nicole says: ""Wowee!"
Nicole says: "What a mother!"
Nicole says: "Who cares if she's annoying?"
Nicole says: "You?"
The whole family laughs.
Anais says: "What's my doppelgänger like?"
The whole family laughs as they keep reading their copycat bios. Anais' doppelganger comes up but says she is deleted.
Gumball says: "Deleted!"
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Why?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "Because—"
Gumball says: ""Women no right to celebrate in republic of people."
The whole family except Anais laughs.
Richard says: "It's funny 'cause I don't understand!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "This isn't funny at all!"
Anais says: "Exactly."
Anais says: "I'm not part of it because I'm a girl!"
Gumball says: "Psh!"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I mean, these guys have their own TV show, and they're ripping us off!"
Gumball says: "Look at this."
Gumball clicks Chi-Chi's version of a scene from "The DVD", named "Mom angry much".
Chi Chi says: "The kids you decided to have."
Chi-Chi's mom angrily punches a hole in the door.
Gumball says: "These guys are making money out of our lives while we're broke!"
Nicole says: "Come on, we're not that broke."
Gumball says: "Mom, we're so broke that we give "you-owe-mes" to charity."
Nicole says: "Mm, yeah, you're right."
Nicole says: "We should sue them."
Anais says: "Guys, a lawyer could cost way too much dough."
Richard says: "How much dough?"
Anais says: "Like thousands of dollars."
Richard says: "I mean, how much in cookie dough?"
Anais says: "Millions of tons."
Richard tips over the couch causing everyone to fall back while Gumball looks at them; Gumball then looks at the computer screen and sees the copycats copy them.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
Gumball says: "How could they copy that?"
Gumball says: "It literally just happened."
The copycats are looking through the window watching them.
Chi Chi says: "It literally just happened."
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Chi Chi says: "What the what?!"
Chi Chi says: "!"
Gumball says: "Arhhh!"
Chi Chi says: "Arhhh!"
The Confrontation.
Gumball angrily opens the front door.
Gumball says: "All right."
The Wattersons says: "Hmm."
The Wattersons step out the door and walk up to the copycat family.
Gumball says: "Let's settle this in a civilized manner."
Gumball says: "Hi, my name is Gumball."
Chi Chi says: "Hi, my name is Chi—"
Gumball tackles Chi Chi on the ground.
Gumball says: "Stop repeating everything I say!"
Chi Chi says: "But - when - someone - says - "hi," - you - say - "hi" - too!"
Gumball tugs on Chi-Chi in utter annoyance and in belligerence. Nicole and Chi-Chi's mom use several animesque physical attacks unto another with zaps of yellow and blue lights. Gumball and Chi-Chi try to reach each other to fight but are too scared to do so.
Gumball and Chi Chi says: "Fight me, you coward!"
Darwin and Ribbit slap against one another.
Darwin says: "Ow!"
Ribbit says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Ribbit says: "Oh, sorry."
Darwin and Ribbit caress each others' cheeks, only to slap each other again.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Ribbit says: "Ah!"
Richard and Chi Chi's dad try fighting each other also but get too tired and fight with their finger as swords. They taste each other's fingers; Gumball bumps into a stair rail as Anais watches while Nicole and Chi Chi's mom are still fighting.
Anais says: "Are we done here?"
Nicole says: "Yeah, I think she is."
Chi Chi's mom says: "Yeah, I think she is."
Anais says: "Okay, fighting clearly isn't working."
Anais says: "Maybe we should help them find their own identities."
Gumball says: "Why should we help those bootleg butt-clowns?"
Anais says: "Mmmm, because..."
Anais says: "in the end, isn't identity theft the most sincere form of flattery?"
The Wattersons look at their doppelgangers; worried.
Darwin says: "You know, Anais is right."
Darwin says: "Maybe they just need a little push in the right direction."
Darwin approaches Ribbit and begins to sing.
Darwin says: "What you are doing, is straight-up criminal."
Gumball says: "So just try and be original."
Gumball says: "Be your own you!"
Darwin says: "Be your own you!"
Gumball says: "Be your own you!"
Darwin says: "Be your own you!"
Gumball says: "Don't do what I do."
Darwin says: "Don't do what I do."
Gumball says: "Just be your own you."
Darwin says: "Just be your own you."
Gumball says: "It's much more fun to be yourself than copy everybody else!"
Darwin says: "It's much more fun to be yourself than copy everybody else!"
Richard says: "Be your own you!"
Richard says: "Be your own you!"
Nicole says: "Be your own you!"
Richard says: "Try something new."
Nicole says: "Find your own things to do."
Richard says: "Copying is clearly theft, it's gonna lead to your arrest."
Nicole says: "Copying is clearly theft, it's gonna lead to your arrest."
Gumball says: "Be your own you!"
Darwin says: "Be your own you!"
Richard says: "Be your own you!"
Nicole says: "Be your own you!"
Gumball says: "And when you've stopped being such a dirty hack, get in your stupid car, and don't come back!"
Darwin says: "And when you've stopped being such a dirty hack, get in your stupid car, and don't come back!"
Richard says: "And when you've stopped being such a dirty hack, get in your stupid car, and don't come back!"
Nicole says: "And when you've stopped being such a dirty hack, get in your stupid car, and don't come back!"
Chi Chi's Family says: "Get in your stupid car, and don't come back!"
Gumball says: "Dagnabbit!"
Gumball says: "We'll never get rid of them!"
Gumball then proceeds to slam his fists on the dinner table, causing a light to fall on him. A notification appears afterwards.
Chi Chi says: "Dagnabbit!"
Chi Chi says: "We'll never get rid of them!"
Chi-Chi then proceeds to slam his fists on the dinner table, causing a light to fall on him. No notifications appear.
Anais says: "Wait a minute."
Anais says: "They copy literally everything."
Anais says: "Gumball, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Chi-Chi's thinking what I'm thinking."
Anais says: "Exactly!"
Anais says: "Let them copy you at their own risk."
Evil cackling laughter ensues with the Wattersons.
Anais says: "You guys still don't get it, do you?"
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "No."
Nicole says: "No."
Richard says: "No."
Anais says: "Just live your life as dangerously as possible and hope they off themselves trying to copy you."
Gumball says: "Ohh!"
Darwin says: "Ohh!"
Nicole says: "Ohh!"
Richard says: "Ohh!"
Anais says: "The moment's passed now."
Gumball says: "Hmph."
Risky Life Choices.
Gumball is shown sleeping in his bedroom. He is subconsciously, with a pair of scissors, cutting the yellow wire connected to three sticks of electric-plugged dynamite while being used by a sensor, turning off the alarm. Gumball then heads back to sleep. In the bathroom, Richard locks himself in metal chains while in a bathtub, using his mouth, landing the key in the toilet water, Richard proceeds to soak completely in the bathtub, underwater. At the dining table, Darwin is blindfolded and chooses between milk and a biohazard, puts some milk in his cereal and proceeds to eat it, but misses it by a bit. Outside, Richard performs a trick with three chainsaws next to a tree. Gumball, Darwin, and Richard then come out of the house.
Gumball says: "Oh, wait."
Gumball says: "Dad, aren't you forgetting something?"
Richard says: "I left the iron on."
Richard says: "I left the candle burning next to the curtains."
Richard says: "I forgot to leave the stove on!"
Richard goes to leave the stove on.
Richard comes back as he, Gumball, and Darwin walk; in the background the house blows up and Richard, Darwin, and Gumball proceed to jump in the car. They balance it on two tires while the driver, Nicole, reads the newspaper atop the side that leans upward.
Gumball says: "Where are we going?"
Richard says: "To the hospital."
Richard says: "I'm gonna donate an organ of their choice."
The car breaks through the entrance window of the hospital.
Cut to the Watterson abode, where Anais types for potential mimicry of the Wattersons, specifically Richard. Nicole breaks the through the window onto the couch, Gumball and Darwin ride on a hoverboard/rollercoaster vehicle and duck down to the floor, then proceeded by Richard walking on high heels.
A notification appears yet again on video, the dad copycat gets a kidney transplant.
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "They gave him my kidney and then he donated it to someone else?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "I guess we're going to have to take this one step further."
Gumball says: "Mm-hmm."
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm."
Nicole says: "Mm-hmm."
Richard says: "Mm-hmm."
Dangerous Truck Stunts.
Anais says: "Uh, guys?!"
Anais says: "!"
Scene cuts to Anais sitting inside a vehicle.
Anais says: "Am I the only one who understands what it means to go one step further than almost  kicking the bucket?!"
Anais says: "!"
The Wattersons are seen inside a truck driving on the expressway with a tank and fire following them.
Anais says: "This is a terrible idea!"
Gumball says: "Then why'd you come along?"
Anais says: "Because..."
Anais says: "I'm tired of being left out."
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "So, what do we do now?"
Nicole says: "I think the time has come to scream helplessly."
Gumball says: "Ahhhh!"
Darwin says: "Ahhhh!"
Nicole says: "Ahhhh!"
Richard says: "Ahhhh!"
Anais says: "Shush!"
Anais says: "Think!"
Anais says: "Has anyone got an idea?!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard says: "Yes!"
Richard says: "We go faster?"
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Nicole look ahead and see the cliff of the broken bridge.
Richard says: "We go slower?"
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Nicole look to the back of the truck with the oil and fire following them.
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "then no."
Gumball says: "I've got this."
Gumball tries blowing out the fire at the end of the truck but doesn't help; Gumball returns to his seat in vain.
Gumball says: "Never mind."
Nicole swerves the truck to avoid obstacles while they all scream.
Nicole says: "Has anyone else got an idea?"
Darwin says: "We jump."
The family jumps out of the truck but rolls back inside.
Gumball says: "Okay, back to screaming?"
The family goes back to screaming helplessly.
Anais says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "I've got an idea!"
Anais says: "We need to unhook the tank."
Nicole says: "How?"
Nicole says: "The space between the truck and the tank is too tight."
Anais says: "For you guys maybe, but not for me."
Anais gets out of the truck and start making her way to the tank while Nicole looks at her. Anais finds the link and tries reaching it. Anais then finally unhooks the tank as she gets back in the truck; A big explosion happens after with a cloud filled with smoke.
The truck stops right on time and the family gets out.
The Wattersons laugh in relief because they barely went uninjured.
Gumball says: "We're alive!"
Anais says: "I guess they should've kept the little sister."
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Anais points to the copycats' truck.
The copycats scream as they descend and crash.
Gumball says: "Uh, you guys good?"
The burning crashed truck explodes and the copycats are still alive but in very extreme pain.
Chi Chi says: "Nooo..."
Gumball says: "Eh, good enough."
Irreplaceable.
Cuts to Wattersons' house; Gumball searches his rip-off and no results are available.
Gumball says: "Nope."
Gumball says: "No more videos."
Gumball says: "I guess they're too messed up to be on TV now."
Darwin says: "That'll teach them for trying to replace us!"
A glitch causes the voice actors to switch.
Gumball says: "Yeah, as if anyone else can do what I do!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "We're irreplaceable!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh amidst the fact their copycats exist no more. But stop laughing and shock to realize they switched voice actors due to glitches; the episode ends.