The Big Fuss.
The episode starts with Richard, Anais, Darwin, and Gumball on a couch. Richard scoops into an ice cream bucket and feeds Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and himself. The camera cuts to show Nicole standing right next to them with a stern expression.
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Darwin says: "Mom!"
Anais says: "Mom!"
Richard says: "Mom!"
Anais points to Nicole and puts her fingers above her eyes, mimicking brows furrowing in anger.
Richard says: "Mm-hmm."
Gumball says: "Mm-hmm."
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm."
Gumball makes a scissors gesture with his hand, as if trimming his hair.
Nicole says: "No, I didn't get a new haircut."
The family thinks. Anais gasps, then makes a gesture of someone waxing their mustache.
Nicole says: "No, I'm not desperately trying to get noticed for waxing my mustache."
They think again. Darwin gasps and then smiles widely, showing his teeth.
Nicole says: "No, I haven't had my dentures whitened, and I don't wear dentures!"
Nicole says: "And by the way, I can plainly see you're all miming so just man up and ask."
Nicole says: "It might be that a certain someone forgot a certain something."
Gumball says: "Uh, you're being a bit hypocritical here."
Gumball says: "You can't be angry at someone for forgetting something if you can't even remember their name or what they forgot."
Nicole says: "It's fine, no need to make a fuss about it."
Nicole walks to the kitchen then sticks out her head.
Nicole says: "Oh, I got it."
Nicole says: "There must be some secret fuss that I shouldn't know about!"
Gumball says: "No, there is no fuss."
Nicole says: "No fuss."
Nicole says: "Got it."
Gumball says: "No, seriously, there is no fuss."
Gumball says: "You just said you didn't want a fuss."
Gumball says: "Also, what is all this fuss about?"
Nicole says: "Sure, you didn't organize any fuss."
Gumball says: "I'm not bluffing."
Gumball says: "There's no fussing."
The doorbell rings.
Nicole says: "Oh, I wonder who this could be!"
Nicole says: "Oh!"
Nicole says: "A sing-a-gram!"
Gary says: "Uh..."
Hello, my darling,.
Hello, my baby,.
This is from the IRS.
You better pay it, they're getting serious,.
Your home will be repossessed.
Speaks There you go.
Nicole says: "What?"
Alan​​ says: "Even acupuncture couldn't save him."
Nicole sighs while heading back to the house. She then notices an airplane towing an "IT'S A SPECIAL DAY..." banner flying overhead.
Nicole says: ""It's a special day!"
Nicole says: "" Aww!"
Nicole says: ""Get twenty-five percent off at Dave's Skywriting Emporium?"
Nicole says: "" Wait, so you really haven't organized anything?"
Richard, Anais, Gumball, and Darwin shake their heads.
Nicole says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "It's all right."
Nicole says: "I-it's quite alright, really."
Nicole says: "Don't make a fuss."
Richard says: "Okay then."
Nicole sighs.
Anais says: "Something about her body language tells me she doesn't mean that."
The camera shows that Nicole is lying face down on the kitchen floor.
Gumball says: "Yep."
Gumball says: "Pack your bags, we're about to go on a round-the-world guilt trip."
Gumball says: "Unless we figure out what we should be making a fuss about."
Outside, Nicole walks to the clothes wire, and sighs as the wind whistles, the thunder booms and it starts raining.
When all I wanted was a sweet red rose.
And how could anyone forget,.
Or fail to see why I'm upset?
He made me laugh with things he said,.
But now he can't remember the day we—.
The music stops, revealing that it was just Anais turning on a fan as the wind, Darwin holding an umbrella for shade, Gumball using a water hose for the rain, and Richard holding a radio that shorts out and catches on fire.
Richard says: "Aaaah!"
Richard says: "Gumball!"
Richard says: "Put out the fire!"
Gumball points the water hose at Richard causing him to get electrocuted.
Richard, Anais, Gumball and Darwin fall and lie on the ground.
Gumball says: "The song!"
Gumball says: "Finish the song!"
Nicole says: "No, a certain someone should know why today is important."
Gumball says: "Why did you say we shouldn't be making a fuss if you get all angry about it when we don't?"
Nicole says: ""No need to make a fuss" is a thing people say, but they obviously don't mean it."
Nicole says: "It's all in the subtext, like when someone says, "I'm only two minutes away."
A subtext appears with the sentence; "I'm still in my pajamas.".
Nicole says: ""We should stay in touch."
Another subtext appears; "I've already forgotten about you.".
Nicole says: "Or, "It's fine, honey."
Another subtext appears again; "You have five minutes left to live.".
Gumball says: "Uh, okay."
Gumball says: "So are you gonna tell us what we should be celebrating?"
Nicole says: "Don't worry about it, sweetheart."
As Nicole walks by, a subtext appears once again; "May the universe have mercy on you." Gumball looks at the subtext, worried.
Today Is the Day.
Inside the house, Gumball and his siblings along with their father are decorating the house as if there is a celebration party.
Darwin says: "It's kind of difficult to organize a party if we don't know what it's for."
Darwin says: "What's appropriate?"
Darwin says: "Cake?"
Darwin says: "What if it's the anniversary of some tragedy?"
Darwin says: "A black cake?"
Richard says: "Let's keep it as vague as possible."
Richard says: "Like this, look."
Richard says: ""Today is the day."
Gumball says: "Uh, do I draw a smiley face on the card or not?"
Richard says: "Make it both!"
Richard says: "Mm."
Gumball says: "Keep it neutral."
Meanwhile, Anais blows up a beige balloon.
Richard says: "Good choice!"
Richard says: "Beige, the Wednesday of colors."
Richard says: "Like a visual muzak."
Richard says: "As noncommittal as can be."
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll be Mom coming in."
Gumball says: "I feel nothing."
Gumball says: "It's perfect."
Door opens.
Gumball says: "She's coming!"
Gumball says: "Get ready to sing the everything song!"
Joins his siblings and dad while making the same face as them.
Today's so very important,.
For reasons you thought we'd forgotten,.
Today is all about you.
It's such an important day,.
Happy today to you,.
Happy today, dear Nicole.
Unless it's kind of sad, too.
This day for you,.
A sad and serious day,.
We know this idea is not strong,.
We can't keep this up for too long,.
Smile nervously.
Brain Power.
Nicole walks up to them with an angry face and Gumball gives her the drawing he made earlier.
Nicole says: ""With deepest feelings on this momentous occasion."
Nicole says: "" Smooth."
Gumball says: "We baked you a cake."
Gumball says: "Dad, she was looking you right in the eye."
Gumball says: "It's you who's forgotten something!"
Gumball says: "What is it?"
Richard says: "Okay."
Richard says: "Let me think."
Gumball says: "W-what's going on?"
Anais says: "I think he's using his brain!"
The veins on Richard's forehead start to bulge, and he roars.
Anais says: "This is dangerous!"
Anais says: "He's pushing way past his usual limits!"
Richard yells and clutches his face as if he was in extreme pain, then he destroys a lamp.
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
A vein bulges in Richard's forehead as he grabs and rips off the curtains.
Gumball says: "Aaah!"
Darwin says: "Aaah!"
Anais says: "Aaah!"
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Aah!"
His head swells and pulses grotesquely and he falls to the ground, breaking the coffee table in the process.
Darwin says: "He's not gonna make it!"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin."
Gumball says: "He has to do this."
Richard says: "Aaah!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Ooh!"
Richard says: "Aaah!"
Richard manages to activate some brain cells.
Richard says: "I got it."
Anais says: "What is it?"
Richard says: "We ask for a clue!"
The kids groan while Anais walks to the kitchen.
Why Is Today Special?
In the kitchen, Nicole is rapidly cutting vegetables, as well as the chopping board, with a knife.
Anais says: "Can you please just tell us why today is so special so this family can get back to functioning in its usual dysfunctional way?"
Nicole says: "It's November first."
Nicole says: "Our wedding anniversary."
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "Since when do swans have nipples?"
Richard is bawling in the living room while Gumball is thinking of something.
Gumball says: "Dad, there's only one way to save the day—"
Gumball says: "with a totally over-the-top, disproportionate, overblown gesture."
Richard says: "You're right!"
Richard says: "I don't know what's so special about October eleventh, but I know it's an important day to your mother, so I'm going to make sure I never forget it again."
Darwin says: "How?"
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "That's not a swan."
Anais says: "It's an elephant."
Nicole says: "What are you talking about?"
Anais says: "Well, didn't you ever wonder why we went on summer vacation in January?"
Anais says: "The calendar was upside down!"
Anais says: "Today is October eleventh, not November first!"
A Big Gesture.
Meanwhile, in the living room.
Richard says: "I'm going to get a tattoo of October eleventh on my butt!"
Darwin says: "Okay, a tattoo is a big commitment."
Darwin says: "You should probably think about it for—"
Gumball and Darwin hear a car horn outside as Richard drives away.
Nicole says: "So, it turns out I was—"
Gumball says: "What?"
Nicole says: "You know, I was—"
Anais says: "She thought today was their wedding anniversary, but it isn't."
Anais says: "She's trying to say she was wrong, but her mouth is pathologically incapable of saying those words."
Gumball says: "Well, I hope her legs are capable of making up for it."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Why?"
The scene switches to the tattoo parlor.
Cowboy says: "It looks just like her, thanks."
Tattoo Artist says: "Uh-huh."
The scene was paused and divided into two sides. The left side is showing Nicole and the kids, while the right side is showing Richard and the Tattoo Artist.
Nicole, Gumball, Darwin and Anais get into the car. Nicole starts the engine and presses the fuel pedal, the car moves but they crash into the front of a bus unexpectedly.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "I couldn't see ahead!"
Gumball says: "Then we're gonna have to run."
Nicole and the kids run on the sidewalk with Anais in the lead until she crashes into a lamppost.
Richard says: "Ow!"
Richard says: "It hurts so bad!"
Richard says: "Oh no, no, no, no!"
Richard says: "I can't do it!"
Richard says: "It's too painful!"
Tattoo Artist says: "Dude, I assure you, that's a reasonable price for a tattoo."
Richard pays the fee with his credit card then pulls down his pants.
Anais is lying on the ground while Nicole helps her to get up, then Gumball puts her front tooth back into her gums. They continue their journey at a slower pace, putting their hands in front of them so that they don't bump into anything but Gumball accidentally touches something.
Gumball says: "Aw, please don't be a butt, please don't be a butt, please don't be a butt."
Gumball says: "Ah, thank you universe."
Dr. Butt says: "Technically, that's my face."
Gumball is disgusted so he rubs his hand off on something offscreen.
Dr. Butt says: "Uhh, that's my butt."
Gumball says: "."
Darwin says: "Let's go this way!"
Darwin says: "We can see where we're going in this direction!"
They continue their run by heading toward the screen.
The tattooing is about to start.
Richard says: "Wait!"
Tattoo Artist says: "What?"
Richard says: "You're holding it upside down."
Richard says: "Almost got the date wrong there."
Both of them laugh.
Nicole says: "Where is it?"
Gumball says: "By the strip mall, somewhere on the left."
Nicole says: "Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry."
Hamburger Cop says: "Wait, I gotta write you a ticket before I forget what happened."
As the Hamburger Cop takes out his pen and notebook, he falls to the ground unconscious. Nicole, Darwin, Anais and Gumball look at each other, shrug, and run away. Finally at the tattoo parlor, Nicole bursts through the door and startles the Tattoo Artist.
Nicole says: "Stop!"
Tattoo Artist says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "Where's my husband?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "What have you done?"
Richard says: "Ahh, don't worry honey."
Nicole says: "Oh thank goodness you didn't go through with it."
Richard says: "Ha no, I totally went through with it."
Richard says: "I just meant that he gave me a discount so you don't need to worry about the price."
Nicole says: "Oh Richard."
Richard says: "Now I'll never forget what day it is."
Richard says: "I will always look at this and think, "I wonder what day that is?"
Richard says: "" forever."
Nicole says: "But I was wro—"
Richard says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "She messed up with the date and she was wrong."
Richard says: "Well, that's a day to remember."
The Choices start playing.
Richard says: "Aw!"
Richard says: "Just kidding."
Richard says: "I know exactly how to fix this."
Nicole says: "How?"
The Tattoo Artist needles Richard's butt.
Richard says: "Now I'll never forget to think about you every day."
Richard says: "What do you think?"
Nicole says: "Hmm."
Nicole says: "I love it."
The camera shows the new tattoo with the numbers altered to say "LOVE".
The episode ends.