Searching the Attic.
The episode starts with Gumball and Darwin in the attic; they are seen packing old toys away, preparing for the garage sale.
Darwin says: "Why do we have to give them away?"
Darwin says: "These toys have sentimental value!"
Darwin says: "It's not like anyone else will love them like we do!"
Gumball says: "Dude, we've locked them in the attic for, like, seven years."
Darwin says: "Wow!"
Darwin says: "Why did we ever stop playing with this thing?"
Darwin says: "It was awesome!"
Smack-It music plays.
Smack It says: "Push me!"
Darwin says: "Hmm, it never sounded as kid-friendly after we dropped it."
The digi-pet has a blank screen.
Darwin says: "Mm, out of batteries."
The words "CLEAN ME" appear on the digi-pet's screen.
Darwin says: "Mighty Flyz!"
Darwin says: "The warrior that rules the sky!"
The Mighty Flyz figure goes around breaking things while Darwin and Gumball cover themselves in panic. It flies out the window cutting a wire and killing a bird.
Gumball says: "You've not seen them yet, but no."
Darwin says: "Seen what?"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Grady, Frank and Howdy!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Darwin says: "But why?"
Gumball says: "Because we're too old to play with toys and dolls."
Darwin says: "Playing never goes out of date."
Gumball says: "Playing with dolls means that you'll never go out ON a date."
Darwin's expression becomes a sad puppy face.
Gumball says: "Come on, man."
Gumball says: "Time to grow up."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "I need to learn how to let things go."
Gumball says: "That's it, trust me, you'll thank me when your teenage years kick in."
Gumball exits the attic and slams the door.
Darwin says: "Hello, guys!"
Frank says: "Hello!"
Howdy says: "Hello!"
being ventriloquized by Darwin says: "Hello!"
They all cough, due to the dust that has been gathering Frank and Howdy.
Darwin says: "Eww, what's that smell?"
Frank says: "Morning breath can be quite bad when you've been asleep in a shoebox for seven years!"
Howdy says: "Come on, Frank!"
Howdy says: "I'm sure Darwin had a perfectly good reason to leave us in there in endless darkness!"
Howdy says: "With only dust mites for our food and our love for him to keep us warm, right?!"
Howdy says: "!"
Darwin's head is flattened by an imaginary force of "guilt".
Howdy says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "That was the weight of guilt, Howdy."
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, we ditched you guys the Christmas we got our first game console."
Frank says: "That's okay."
Frank says: "We still love you."
Howdy says: "And you'll never put us back in the box, will you?"
Darwin says: "I promise."
Frank says: "And we will have fun forever and ever?"
Darwin says: "I promise."
Howdy says: "And you'll never take us off your hands again, right?"
Darwin says: "I promise."
The scene cuts to Darwin exiting the bathroom, the puppets expressing horrendous shock.
Darwin says: "Sorry, but you did make me promise."
Darwin's Obsession.
The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin waiting for the bus to come; once the bus arrives, Howdy, still being controlled by Darwin, encounters Rocky, driving the bus.
Howdy says: "Ooh!"
Howdy says: "Where have you been all my life?"
Rocky says: "Mmm, sitting here wondering what went wrong with mine, while eating cheese."
Howdy says: "Well… One ticket to kiss-town, please."
Romantic music plays as they get closer to kiss; Rocky realizes that Darwin was attempting to recreate said music.
Rocky says: "What the?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Rocky says: "Dude!"
Darwin walks away in nervously; immediately his distraction causes him to drive in a path of a truck about to collide. All students scream as they crash into the truck; the scene cuts to Rocky horribly injured serving students in the cafeteria. Darwin walks by, blushing in embarrassment.
Howdy says: "Call me."
Rocky says: "Mmph."
As Darwin sits on a table, he struggles to control the puppets in order to eat the sandwich; Gumball enters to sit, placing his tray. Darwin hides the puppets under the table.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "The school bus is a total write-off!"
Gumball says: "I guess that's what happens when you put a fifteen-ton vehicle in the limp little hands of a ventriloquist dummy."
Gumball proceeds to imitate Rocky by speaking like him and flailing his arms; Frank and Howdy, still under the table, pull an angry expression.
Frank says: "Hey!"
Frank says: "What's wrong with being a puppet?"
Howdy says: "Big talk from someone so short that you can see his feet on his yearbook photo."
Gumball says: "What's your problem, man?"
Gumball says: "And what's with the voice?"
Frank says: "My problem is that your butt is trying twice as wide as your shoulders, but your brain is half the size of your head!"
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Anything else?"
Howdy says: "No."
Howdy says: "I can try to insult your face, but I think nature's already done enough damage."
Gumball removes the meat from his hamburger, taking the bun out, and proceeds to slap Darwin's face with the meat.
Howdy says: "At least that solved the problem about eating without your hands."
The scene cuts to the Wattersons' house, with Darwin taking a bath in the bathroom but still ventriloquizing the puppets.
Frank says: "Oh my goodness!"
Frank says: "Who skinned those puppets?"
Darwin says: "Shh!"
Darwin says: "Those are my socks, and keep it down or Gumball will hear you."
Gumball says: "Did you say something?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "Then who were you just talking to?"
The puppets struggle in the water, making gurgling noises; Darwin persists to reveal them.
Darwin says: "Nobody."
As Gumball pulls a suspicious expression, Darwin nervously struggles to keep the puppets in the water; he fails, causing the puppets to emerge quickly and take deep breaths.
Gumball says: "Ah, I knew it!"
Darwin says: "Guys, you don't even have lungs."
Frank says: "Oh yeah."
Howdy says: "Oh yeah."
Gumball says: "Darwin, we've been over this."
Darwin says: "You don't understand!"
Darwin says: "They're more than jus—"
Gumball says: "Darwin, dude!"
Gumball says: "Can you cover yourself up first?"
Howdy says: "But Gumball, we are more than just puppets!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, you know who talks through puppets?"
Gumball says: "Crazy people, and people who want to make a living as a ventriloquist."
Gumball says: "So, yeah, crazy people, basically."
Frank says: "Gumball, we need you too."
Frank says: "Who's gonna play with Grady?"
Gumball says: "Dude, no, just take them off."
Frank says: "No!"
Howdy says: "No!"
Darwin indirectly assails Gumball through the puppets by beating his face.
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Gumball says: "Darwin, stop!"
Frank shoves a toilet paper roll in his mouth.
Frank says: "Wait, what are we doing?"
Gumball says: "Finally!"
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Howdy says: "You're supposed to fall over, not under!"
Frank throws the toilet paper at Gumball.
Howdy says: "Frank, stop it!"
Frank says: "Ow!"
Frank says: "No, you stop!"
Howdy says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "You both stop!"
Howdy says: "Ow!"
Frank says: "Ow!"
Howdy says: "No, you stop!"
Frank says: "No, you stop!"
Howdy says: "Yah!"
Frank says: "Yah!"
Gumball says: "Aha!"
The showerhead fails to shoot any water.
Gumball says: "You used up all the water."
Howdy takes the rug under Gumball, causing him to fall; Frank and Howdy go over to the pedal bin, then Frank is pushing the foot pedal of the trash can to hit Gumball's face with the lid. Gumball seizes the puppets, pulling them off Darwin's hand and causing Darwin to launch into the bathtub.
Gumball says: "Darwin, when I said grow up, I didn't mean go straight to the part where you're in a retirement home screaming at chairs and biting the nurses."
Packed Away.
The scene cuts to the frontyard of the house, with Gumball about to place the puppets in a box and to throw them into the trash can; Darwin is desperately preventing him to do so by holding his legs back.
Darwin says: "No, please don't do this!"
Darwin says: "You don't understand!"
Darwin says: "They're alive!"
Darwin voicing Howdy says: "No!"
Darwin voicing Howdy says: "Not the shoebox!"
Darwin now voicing Frank says: "It's almost as dark as your soul in here!"
Darwin now voicing Frank says: "No!"
Gumball is surprised by their voices, but later finds out that Darwin is still voicing them in an attempt to convince him back.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Yeah, dude, they are not the ones who need help."
Due to the situation, Darwin turns his head down, blushes and sweats; he exits back to the house depressedly.
The Puppets' Resurrection.
The scene shows the Wattersons' house suddenly transitioning into nighttime. While Gumball is soundly sleeping in his bedroom. In the frontyard, the trash can falls off, then appears Howdy, now "alive".
Howdy says: "Frank!"
Howdy says: "You ok?"
Howdy says: "You don't look quite yourself!"
Howdy says: "Woo!"
Howdy says: "Frank, wrong body!"
Frank says: "Ohh."
Frank says: "Okay!"
Frank says: "Let's go!"
Howdy and Frank drag Grady to the house, whose spirit is still "unconscious." They open the door, sternly entering the house.
Frank says: "Okay, the bedroom's just at the top of the stairs."
Howdy says: "Wait."
Gumball wakes up and walks down the stairs, frightened at the clanking and banging noise that is heard; it is revealed that Howdy has been destroying his console, along with his The Tale of Zelmore cartridge. Howdy immediately hides at Gumball's presence.
Howdy says: "We taught that thing a lesson for replacing us!"
Gumball says: "I'm not talking to you!"
The scene reveals Darwin, though sound asleep, unwillingly holding the puppets. The two puppets speak by themselves.
Gumball says: "I'm talking to Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Why did you fish them out of the trash?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Frank says: "He made a promise never to abandon us."
Gumball says: "You can't make a promise to an object!"
Gumball says: "That's like getting married to a fridge, or keeping a secret for a shoe, and please stop talking through those puppets!"
Howdy says: "He can't."
Howdy says: "He lives in our world now."
Frank says: "And if you want to see him again, you too will have to come and play!"
Both puppets close their eyes, causing Darwin to fall on the floor and transferring themselves to their "world".
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Wake up!"
Gumball says: "Wake up!"
Gumball then sternly looks at Grady and takes him; he then places his hand inside him, summoning his conscience.
Grady says: "Thank you, Master Gumball."
Grady says: "I missed you greatly all these years."
Grady says: "Now, shall we go and find Master Darwin?"
Gumball says: "Wait, how do you know what happened?"
Grady says: "Just because I've been unable to talk does not mean that I have been unable to see."
Gumball says: "Remind me to apologize to Anais' dolls."
Gumball says: "They're right next to my underpants drawer."
Gumball says: "They've seen a lot."
A Whole New World.
Grady puts his hand out; Gumball puts his hand onto his hand, summoning them both to the puppets' world.
Grady says: "If that worried you sir, I advise you not to look down."
The scene reveals that there are two humans in chroma key green screen suits controlling them. Gumball and Grady look down at them.
Gumball says: "Okay, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Focus on the task at hand, not hand!"
Gumball says: "Focus on the task at hand—"
Gumball says: "Ahead!"
Gumball says: "T—"
Gumball says: "Task ahead!"
Grady says: "Shhhh..."
Grady says: "shush."
Grady says: "Can you hear that, Master Gumball?"
Howdy is heard off-screen, chanting.
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Grady says: "This way."
Gumball and Grady proceed but struggle to walk, due to their abnormally thin legs.
Gumball says: "Wow!"
Gumball says: "Look at all the things we imagined when we used to play!"
Scene introduces High-Five Guy, smiling.
Gumball says: "Hey look, it's High-Five Guy!"
Gumball says: "Ah, good to see you, man!"
Gumball says: "It's Sammy Sunscream, the screaming sun!"
Sammy Sunscream, off-screen, screams in agony while shining upon Gumball and High-Five Guy.
Gumball says: "The Tree of Permanent Happiness!"
The Tree of Permanent Happiness says: "I wish I could feel other things."
Gumball says: "Bird-Plane-Bird!"
Scene shows Bird-Plane-Bird, a creature fused of a plane and a bird; it crows.
Grady says: "Please stay focused, sir."
Grady says: "Master Darwin needs you."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you're right."
Gumball says: "So just stop distracting me, Keyboard Dog!"
The Fun Will Never End.
The scene changes to Gumball and Grady facing the house in which Darwin and the puppets are in.
Grady says: "Here we are."
In the house, the scene changes to Howdy and Frank singing "The Fun Will Never End".
Howdy says: "Dance around and sing a song!"
The fun will never stop, yeah!
It says so on the clock!
Howdy says: "So wear a hat, wear no hat!"
Frank says: "Or wear two hats, if you prefer!"
We only have two hats,.
So those are your only options.
Howdy says: "So put them on and bake a cake!"
Begin to prepare a second cake.
Howdy says: "You did it wrong with that first cake."
Awkward silence occurs as the cake melts on the floor.
Frank says: "It's your turn with the balloon!"
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Howdy says: "Organize a spoon!"
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "Count to the funnest number!"
Number Seven says: "The fun will never end!"
Howdy says: "Go to your favorite corner!"
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Darwin says: "I don't know what's going on."
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure this is that fun."
Howdy says: "The fun will never end!"
Frank says: "The fun will never end!"
Gumball opens the door and imitates a record scratch noise with his mouth.
Howdy says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "A dramatic record scratch sound."
Gumball says: "Dude, we gotta go!"
Gumball says: "This is all a trap to keep you playing with them forever!"
A loud dissonant piano chord sounds as Grady maliciously enters.
Grady says: "You're wrong."
Grady says: "You see, there are three of us, Master Gumball, and Darwin only has two hands."
Grady says: "This was a trap for you."
Grady says: "Dum, dum, dum."
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Grady says: "Mmm, a dramatic music cue."
Grady says: "It would have been better if my voice wasn't so flat."
Grady closes the door shut as he goes to the darkness; the two other puppets close the door as they exit; Gumball and Darwin tremble like they're being possessed.
Grady says: "You always used to play with us."
The door in front of the camera shuts, the scene now transitioning to Gumball and Darwin in the form of hand puppets. Grady, Howdy and Frank all stare menacingly down at both, in giant sizes.
Grady says: "Now's our turn to play with you!"
Howdy says: "So play along don't make a fuss!"
Frank says: "And we'll come up with things to do!"
Grady says: "We'll make you dance, we'll make you fight."
Howdy says: "You'll smear yourself with worms all night!"
Grady says: "We'll make you eat toenails and grease!"
Frank says: "We'll make you wear an itchy fleece!"
Grady says: "We'll see if you break when you bend!"
The fun will never end! The fun will ne- Notices Darwin holding some string; spoken Wait, what's that?
Darwin says: "The end of the fun."
Grady gasps as Darwin pulls a string from his arm, causing it to fall off; all of them gasp as Gumball and Darwin fall and grow their legs back.
Gumball says: "Run!"
As they run away, Darwin pulls more strings, making Howdy's right eye to sever and Frank's abdomen to mangle up.
Puppets says: "Noooo!"
Darwin says: "Is it me or is that kinda underwhelming?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I sorta thought everything would explode or something."
Darwin says: "Wait, isn't this all imaginary?"
Gumball says: "Oh, good point."
Puppets says: "Noooo!"
Everything in their world surrounding them explodes.
Grady says: "I will have my revenge!"
Back to Normal.
The scene then transitions to Gumball and Darwin sitting on the stairs normally as Nicole does her yard sale; Billy walks in and notices the puppets, packed in a box, in delight.
Nicole says: "Sure you're okay with me giving away your old toys?"
As Billy picks him up from the box, Grady assails Billy behind Nicole, hitting him several times and causing him to scream.
Gumball says: "Yeah, pretty sure!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, pretty sure!"
Episode ends.