Catastrophe.
The episode starts in front of the door of the art room as vocalized music plays. Several students, wildly battling each other, crash through the door. Tobias tackles Bobert, while Clare jumps onto Sarah. This leads to complete chaos, as flames and ruins are scattered all over the lockers.
Anais says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Bobert says: "You have a squirrel chocolate geography hairbrush."
Bobert collapses in error. Tobias screams in triumph and runs off-screen.
Anais says: "Wait, we have to work together!"
As Sarah throws her head at Clare, everything freezes. Gumball walks into frame, addressing the viewer.
Gumball says: "They say lions throw their cubs off ravines and only raise the ones strong enough to climb back up."
Gumball says: "Well, firstly, that's not true, and it's also completely irrelevant to the story, but it makes for a cool opening."
Gumball says: "You might be wondering how things got to this point."
Gumball says: "It all started yesterday evening."
Gumball says: "I remember it as if it were yesterday..."
Gumball says: "evening."
Before the Charity Ball.
Rewind to the previous day, with the Wattersons in their car. However, the Watterson children are completely annoyed by their arrival to the Charity Ball.
Gumball says: "Why do we have to go back to school?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "We already wasted the whole day there!"
Nicole says: "How can someone be so grumpy going to a charity ball, especially when it's about building a better future for children?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, one chocolate fountain at a time."
Richard says: "How are we supposed to raise awareness for the children of tomorrow if we have low blood sugar today?"
Gumball says: "Maybe your generation should have thought about our future before ruining the economy."
Darwin says: "And the environment."
Anais says: "And the education system!"
Gumball says: "And ruining Chatsnap by following their kids!"
Gumball says: "Not related, but I think it should be said."
Richard says: "You think we had it easy?"
Richard says: "When I finished high school, all I had was three dollars in my pocket."
Richard says: "So, what did I do?"
Richard says: "I bought a house, a car, and started a family."
Richard says: "And the other two dollars went into my savings."
Gumball says: "You guys just don't realize, do you?"
Richard says: "I realize that, in spite of how self-entitled my kids are, I still have space in my heart to think about their future."
Gumball says: "More like space in your stomach for free prawn cocktails and fruit punch."
Anais says: "And if you really care about us, why do we have to be stuck in a room with some bargain-bin VHS tape, while you animals party like it's nineteen-ninety-nine B."
Anais says: "C."
Anais says: "?"
Nicole says: "For your information, it will be a very formal and civilized evening."
Children's Future Ball.
[Cut to the aftermath of the Children's Future Ball says: "all the parents and teachers seem to all be sleeping in an ironically uncivilized and informal manner; Richard is then shown to be laid out on a giant plate with a roasted pig in his mouth, poking out every time he snores."
Voice says: "I'm gonna rock you till you do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
In the art room, a crudely animated music video for children plays on a television.
One fell off it and hurt his leg.
Santa called the doctor, and the doctor said,.
Thirty-three donkeys playing on a sled...
All the students whose parents are contributing to the charity ball are shown to be completely exhausted.
Gumball says: "This has to stop!"
Darwin says: "Really?"
Darwin says: "Don't you want to see what happens to the thirty-second gosh-DARN DONKEY?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "At least it's a distraction."
The television turns itself off with a remote placed against its head, suggesting a method of "killing itself." In response, Gumball screams to an insane extent, and with overwhelming tears, knocks repeatedly on the door.
Gumball says: "Let us out!"
Gumball says: "Let us out!"
Darwin says: "Still no signal."
Darwin says: "There must be some way to open that door."
Gumball says: "I've tried everything—"
Gumball says: "turning the handle clockwise, turning it counterclockwise, not turning it, staring at it for a while..."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "telling you about it."
Darwin says: "I'm more worried about the heat."
Darwin says: "Is it me, or is the room getting globally much warmer?"
Nicole is shown to be unconsciously blowing her party horn, which, upon extending, presses the button of the thermostat, which increases the temperature at high intervals.
Gumball says: "Meh, seems fine to me."
Gumball says: "I'm hungry."
Gumball goes to the table to get a cookie, and as he does, the sweat of his steps evaporate instantly. As Gumball is about to eat the cookie, Tobias slaps it away from his hand.
Tobias​​​ says: "Okay, I'd like to point out that, as my parents paid for half of this fundraiser, ninety percent of that cookie belongs to me."
Anais says: "That's not how math works."
Tobias​​​ says: "Check your textbook."
Anais says: ""This textbook was generously funded by the Wilson family"?!"
Anais says: "!"
Tobias​​​ says: "I'll look after that."
Gumball and Anais sigh.
Tobias​​​ says: "Mm-mm."
Tobias​​​ says: "You're welcome."
Anais says: "That's not fair!"
Anais says: "Who knows how long we're gonna be stuck in here for?"
Anais says: "We need to apportion our resources equally."
Idaho says: ""Apportion resources equally"?"
Idaho says: "Sounds to me like highfalutin' city garble to keep all the food for yourselves!"
Idaho says: "You should do what we simple countryfolk call "good old-fashioned equitable distribution of commodities."
Anais says: "What?"
Clare says: "Yeah, Anais, you think you're so woke, but if you truly cared about the cause, you'd be giving that food to the endangered trees of the Amazon."
Anais says: "Wha—"
Anais says: "what?"
Banana Joe says: "Wake up, sheeple!"
Banana Joe says: "It's the other people we should worry about, coming through that door and stealing our food!"
Anais says: "The door's locked, Joe."
Anais says: "That's the main part of our problem."
Banana Joe says: "Not according to my sources."
Anais says: "And where are you getting your information from?"
Banana Joe says: "ru."
Banana Joe says: "I'm too clever to let myself get manipulated by the lamestream media—"
Banana Joe says: "which brings me to my next problem."
Sarah says: "How you'll never find love and end up marrying an anime pillow?"
Banana Joe says: "No, that's number three."
Banana Joe says: "I meant I think I'm coming down with some weird disease."
Banana Joe says: "The doctor said my heart's gone black, and my bad breath may be due to my soul rotting."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Well, there isn't much to discuss about that food anyway."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It already belongs to me!"
Tobias, Gumball, Idaho, Anais, Banana Joe, Sarah, and Clare argue against each other.
Darwin says: "GUYS!"
Darwin says: "Shouldn't we focus on the rising temperature?"
Darwin says: "It's kind of boiling in here..."
Felix collapses as he "sheds" his shell, due to being boiled.
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "Literally."
Bobert says: "I concur."
Bobert says: "If the temperature continues to rise at this rate, in three hours, this room will be lit."
Gumball says: "Sounds pretty good!"
Bobert says: "I mean, literally on fire; it is a scientific fact."
Banana Joe says: "Bobert, facts are like stars—"
Anais says: "They're always in the sky, but you can't always see them."
Banana Joe says: "No, they're like shiny holes in the dark light of my ignorance, and I don't like 'em!"
Anais says: "Okay, guys, what are we going to do about the food?"
Gumball says: "Mmm..."
Gumball says: "fight?"
All the students except Anais chatter in agreement and clash together, split in a parallel line formation, wildly assailing each other. Leslie yells and launches his own pot, which ends up causing him to fly off as well. Tobias and Gumball, fighting, are suddenly frightened by the projectile launch. Banana Joe and Hot Dog Guy come on-screen, fighting each other. After they battle on the floor, they end up with Hot Dog Guy wearing Banana Joe's peel and arms, and Banana Joe wearing Hot Dog Guy's buns and arms. Banana Joe manipulates the disconnected peel to close, trapping and crushing Hot Dog Guy inside, and laughs in triumph, only to be beat up by Hot Dog Guy's arms. Clare and Sarah enter, with Clare biting and crushing Sarah's head to the extent where the some of the ice cream launches out of her end, resulting in a fart noise. Clare then gets off and slips on the spilled ice cream. Anais reacts in horror. Alan enters, pulling Colin by the foot.
Colin says: "Let me go!"
Bobert randomly shoots with his laser, causing Anais to duck. Idaho cries in battle and ends up being grabbed by Gumball to be thrown. Anais finally cries out, stopping everyone except Idaho, who keeps spinning in midair.
Anais says: "STO-OP!"
Anais says: "How about we hold an election to choose a leader?"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Colin says: "Yeah."
Alan​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Fine by me."
Gumball says: "All right, I'm cool with that."
Bobert says: "Yes, that's fair."
Everyone, except Idaho, calmly gather together.
Democracy.
Anais and Tobias are made candidates in the debate. As they are both standing behind podiums ready to convince the others to vote for them, Anais delivers her own speech first.
Anais says: "My slogan is easy to understand: "Vote for progressive distribution, not regressive attribution."
Banana Joe says: "That's about as easy to understand as a Scottish scatman wearing a diving helmet!"
All others says: "Yeah!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​ says: "Exactly."
Clare says: "That sounds as fishy as your best friend's boyfriend liking your Chatsnap photos at three in the morning!"
All others says: "Yeah!"
Banana Joe says: "And enough with the blah-blah and the politricks."
Banana Joe says: "It's forcing me to think, and thinking makes me angry!"
The others angrily comment on the subject, in a mob-like manner.
Anais says: "Guys, please calm down!"
Darwin says: "Can we at least talk about the temperature?"
Darwin says: "It's so hot in here, the saliva in my mouth is starting to bubble!"
Darwin says: "We need to—"
Darwin hallucinates that he is in a tropical island and runs around, laughing; then falls to the floor. The arguing students notice and stop for a moment, then return their verbal debate.
Colin says: "I demand change!"
Colin says: "Change!"
Colin says: "Change!"
All others says: "Change!"
All others says: "Change!"
All others says: "Change!"
Anais says: "But I'm offering you change!"
Idaho says: "Yeah, but it's the same change as before!"
Anais says: "But nobody else is more competent than me to take us through these hard times!"
Banana Joe says: "Enough with the competent people doing nothing!"
Banana Joe says: "We want incompetent people doing something!"
Idaho says: "The people are craving hope!"
Gumball says: "Did somebody call for a "raving dope"?"
Anais says: "What?"
Anais says: "No, they said—"
Gumball says: "The people have spoken!"
Gumball says: "If they want a slack-jawed bozo to take charge, then I shall be their champion."
Tobias​​​​​​​​ says: "But I—"
Gumball says: "You want change?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Others says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "Tired of fancy words?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Others says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "How about this for a slogan?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "He's just saying what we're all thinking!"
Darwin says: "But what will you do about the temperature?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "There's no problem with the temperature."
Darwin says: "Just look at yourself!"
Gumball says: "It's not hotter."
Gumball says: "It's just less cold."
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "Your head is literally on fire!"
Gumball says: "No, it's not."
In response to the fire, the roof sprinklers shoot water below, extinguishing the flame.
Gumball says: "See?"
Darwin gasps when a puddle forms in front of him and tries to gather up to drink water as much as he can. However, it instantly evaporates, and Darwin wells up tears, which also evaporate.
Anais says: "Okay, listen, you can vote for me, and I promise I'll do my best to get us out of this situation."
Anais says: "Or you can vote for some loon in his underpants who doesn't even know the meaning of the adversity we're all facing!"
Gumball says: "Pbht, I know exactly what "vardersity" means."
Anais raises her eyebrow in skepticism.
Gumball says: "Oh, what do you know?"
Gumball says: "Turns out it's not some kind of dance."
Anais says: "Please, this is serious!"
Anais says: "Vote, and vote wisely."
Anais says: "Our future—"
Anais says: "everyone's future—"
Anais says: "depends on it!"
The students seem to fully interpret Anais' message; however, Gumball ends up being the most voted, as he is shown taking the oath of leader.
Gumball says: "I, Gumball T."
Gumball says: "Watterson, do solemnly swear that I will execute the office of leader of this group..."
Anais says: "In their desire for change, the people forgot that they could get short-changed."
Darwin says: "But he's only one guy."
Darwin says: "I mean, how much harm can he—"
Catastrophe and Remedy.
The scene then returns to the beginning of the episode, with the students fighting each other exactly as seen before.
Anais says: "Wait, stop!"
Everything freezes as Gumball comes on-screen to speak to the viewer again.
Gumball says: "And that brings us back to now."
Gumball says: "I know they'll blame me, but it was once said that the higher we soar, the smaller we appear to salty little people who can't fly,  'cause they're losers, and therefore, blaming me for every little thing, even though they kind of elected you in the first place—"
Anais says: "Gumball..."
Everything resumes as the students continue to fight each other.
Anais says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I'm dictating my memoir."
Gumball says: "What do you think of the title?"
Gumball says: ""An Eagle Amongst Pigeons."
Anais says: "This is not the time!"
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "He said confidently, the flickering light reflected in his fierce, imperious eyes—"
Anais says: "Gumball, you're responsible for the whole school falling apart!"
Anais says: "Now it's time to get your people back together!"
Gumball says: "Everybody, stop!"
As his voice sounds out through the whole area, the students stop in response; Idaho unfortunately has been thrown and now spins in midair again.
Idaho says: "Oh, come on."
Gumball says: "In these troubled times, a true leader must take it upon himself to unify his people."
Gumball says: "Maybe what you need is a common enemy, someone to take the blame for the greater good."
Anais nods to him. In response, he nods back.
Gumball says: "And it is my duty to inform you that enemy..."
Gumball says: "is Anais."
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You just nodded."
Gumball says: "I thought that meant you were cool with it."
Anais groans.
Gumball says: "Anyone else want to take the blame?"
The students are then shown running through the hallways.
Anais says: "Quick!"
Anais says: "It's so hot, the whole school's crumbling!"
Gumball says: "Guys, wait for me!"
The students walk up to a unavoidably large hole on the floor and gasp.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "If we use everyone's skills, we could pull through this together!"
Tobias is shown throwing money at the hole.
Anais says: "Tobias?"
Anais says: "What are you doing?"
Tobias​​​​​​​​ says: "Throwing money at the problem."
Anais says: "Okay, money isn't the solution to every problem."
The hole is entirely filled with money, fixing the problem.
Tobias​​​​​​​​ says: "It is if you've got enough."
The students run over the "bridge" of dollars. They then run through an overwhelming cloud of smoke and cough in reaction.
Clare says: "Wait!"
Clare says: "I've got this."
Clare says: "Anais, say something clever."
Anais says: "Okay."
Anais says: "We can eliminate the toxic particles in the smoke by creating a filtration system using our wet clothes—"
Clare groans exaggeratedly, causing an enormous wind to blow out most of the smoke.
Anais says: "Okay, rude."
Darwin says: "But effective."
The crowd of students resume running through the corridors past the boiler, in which Darwin slows down to show his concern.
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "What about the boiler?"
Gumball says: "It's a boiler, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "It boils!"
Anais says: "Quick!"
Anais says: "We're almost there!"
A large piece of the roof collapses upon Clare. Anais gasps.
Clare says: "My face!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​ says: "Don't worry, I'll fix this!"
Anais says: "Of course!"
Anais says: "The natural healing properties of plants!"
Leslie​​​​​​​​ says: "Uh, no, I mean she might not make it, but at least she'll go down on fleek."
The school's verge to completely collapsing frightens the students.
Anais says: "Come on, quick!"
The students scream as they barely escape the overbearing dust cloud that results from the school collapsing.
Unsatisfying End.
All says: "Yeah!"
Banana Joe says: "We made it!"
Anais says: "Yeah, but no thanks to them."
The charity ball is still revealed to be full of dormant parents; Banana Joe's parents are then shown playing with their mouths during their sleep.
Voice says: "Do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the rock 'n' roll—"
Voice says: "do the—"
Gumball says: "That's right, Anais, it's all thanks to..."
Gumball says: "me."
Gumball says: "I mean, if I hadn't seized power after lying to everyone and embezzled all the food and fuelled your differences until you hated each other and started a civil war in the school that almost led to your extinction, you guys wouldn't be here being all chummy."
Tobias​​ says: "Oh, why, you little—"
Anais says: "Stop!"
Idaho once again spins continously.
Gumball says: "Yes, enough of this violence!"
Anais says: "No, it's just that he was gonna miss."
Anais readjusts Idaho to launch into Gumball's face, which he does, giving Gumball a black eye.
Anais says: "The important thing is we all worked together."
Anais says: "It means there's still hope for the future."
Anais says: "We can leave this school a better place than we—"
The school explodes, due to the lack of maintenance of the boiler, resulting in piles upon piles of flame-ridden debris. Gumball, Anais, and Darwin reemerge. Gumball and Anais have horrified and shocked expressions while Darwin looks at them angrily.
Darwin says: "Told you we should have done something about that overheating problem."
Episode ends.