Chatting Online.
In his bedroom, Gumball is at his computer, making weird faces while smiling. He is sending messages back and forth with someone.
Anais says: "Gumball."
Gumball turns Anais, still making faces.
Anais says: "Egh, what's wrong with your face?"
Gumball receives a response on the computer and turns back around to type.
Anais says: "Of course, chatting with Penny."
Anais looks at the screen as Gumball types.
Anais says: "When did you guys learn to speak Egyptian?"
Gumball says: "These are emojis."
Gumball says: "It's the new way to communicate."
Gumball says: "It's not that complicated."
Gumball says: "Look, see this?"
Gumball says: ""Hello, princess."
Anais says: "Okay."
Anais says: "What about that?"
Gumball says: "It's pretty obvious."
Gumball says: ""Wanna have a romantic dinner with me?"
Gumball receives a message.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Penny has sent two pizza slice emojis.
Gumball says: ""Dinner is served."
He resumes typing.
Anais says: "Wait, you're having a virtual romantic dinner by chat log?"
Gumball says: "Well, duh, if kids can't be bothered to type words, do you really think they'll make the effort to find a job to pay for an actual dinner?"
He resumes typing.
Anais says: "I'm four years old, and you're making me feel forty-four."
Gumball types a mustache emoji and an "OK" emoji. He makes a mustache on his face.
Gumball says: ""A-delicious."
He resumes typing.
Anais says: "Ohhh."
Gumball says: ""A toast to your beauty."
Gumball types a girl emoji and a spilling glass emoji.
Gumball says: "Oh, no!"
Gumball says: "Dumb keyboard, I spilled the drink!"
Gumball says: "I gotta call the waiter."
Gumball types a hand emoji and a taxi emoji.
Gumball says: "Oh, man, I accidentally hailed a cab!"
Gumball says: "It's crashing through the restaurant!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Wait, WHAT THE WHAT?"
His face becomes 8-bit and horrified.
Anais says: "What is the what?"
Gumball says: "Penny only signed out with one emoji with hearts for eyes instead of her usual three!"
Gumball paces back and forth nervously.
Anais says: "I think you might be overreacting."
Gumball says: "You don't understand, I always get three!"
Anais says: "She was just tired."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "So you're saying I should make some, some grand gesture to remind her of happier times?"
Anais says: "Are you doing that thing where you just hear what you wanna hear?"
Gumball says: "You're right!"
Gumball says: "Make her remember all the fun we've had."
Anais says: "No, Gumball—"
Gumball says: "Oh, what was that?"
Gumball says: "Do it in a clever way with a treasure hunt?"
Anais says: "No, listen—"
Gumball says: "It's a bit outta the box, but I like it."
Anais says: "Gumball—"
Gumball says: "I don't know what I'd do without you!"
Anais says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "I have no idea what that means."
He leaves and Anais blows 8-bit smoke out of her nose.
The Hunt Begins.
Gary rings the doorbell of the Fitzgeralds' house. Penny answers.
Gary says: "Special delivery."
Gary says: "BUT TELL YOUR BOYFRIEND TO USE A STAMP NEXT TIME!"
He pulls a cupid's arrow that contains the map out of his butt, gives it to Penny, and storms off. Penny closes the door and opens the map.
At the Mall.
Penny arrives at the fountain. After a few seconds, everyone drops to the floor.
Penny says: "Help!"
Everyone says: "Penny Fitzgerald."
Penny says: "How do you know my name?"
Penny says: "What's going on?"
Felicity says: "The - first - time - I - saw - you - in - this - mall - I - only - had - eyes - for - you - this - is - how - my - heart - felt."
Tony says: "The - first - time - I - saw - you - in - this - mall - I - only - had - eyes - for - you - this - is - how - my - heart - felt."
Marvin says: "The - first - time - I - saw - you - in - this - mall - I - only - had - eyes - for - you - this - is - how - my - heart - felt."
Alison says: "The - first - time - I - saw - you - in - this - mall - I - only - had - eyes - for - you - this - is - how - my - heart - felt."
Penny says: "Huh?"
Everyone gets up and starts dancing to music, facing her, then stop.
Everyone says: "Your next clue is at the bus stop."
Penny says: "Okay..."
Penny says: "can anyone explain what is going—"
Everyone says: "What the what?!"
Everyone says: "!"
Everyone says: "Is the camera still on??"
They stand up and make a gesture as if they're turning off something, then resume shopping. Penny looks around in confusion, then giggles.
Penny says: "Gumball."
On the Bus.
Penny stands at the bus stop as the school bus comes and stops. The door opens.
Rocky says: "Please come in, young lady."
Penny giggles, boards the bus, and sits down.
Penny says: "What's going on, Rocky?"
Rocky says: "I will tell you in the form of a poem."
Rocky says: ""This rhyme is about the two of us 'cause we first spoke on this school bus."
As he reads, he runs a red light, causing a collision between two other cars.
Penny says: "That's sweet and all, but can you keep your eyes on the road please?"
Rocky says: "twice as fast my heart did beat."
Penny says: "Not as fast as mine's beating right now!"
Rocky says: ""Your smile filled me with sheer delight and straight away my heart took flight."
The bus goes so fast down a descending road that it goes up in the air. Penny screams in slow-motion and the bus lands.
Rocky says: ""Most people think I'm a nutty fruitcake, but you, dear Penny, gave me a break."
A traffic light turns red.
Penny says: "Brake, brake, BRAKE!"
Rocky says: "That's what I said."
Rocky runs the light, causing another collision.
Rocky says: ""Your beauty reduces me to tears, your voice is music to my ears."
Penny screams as the bus almost hits Felicity and Billy.
Rocky says: ""I hope you felt as happy as I did the moment our two worlds collided."
The bus crashes into the school, landing Rocky and Penny in the hallway, face-down.
Rocky says: "The next clue is in the science lab."
Penny gets up and dusts herself off.
Penny says: "Gumball."
Rocky says: "Wait."
In the Science Lab.
Penny reads from a piece of paper.
Penny says: ""We had our first assignment together in this class."
Penny says: "This experiment will remind you of our special chemistry."
Penny says: "Mix the liquids and you will see..."
Penny says: ""  "..."
Penny says: "That chemistry is as unpredictable as we are."
Penny says: "" Probably should have read that whole thing first."
The mixture turns into a monster. Penny screams and tries to fight it off with a broom. She loses her grip and is thrown into a blackboard, which has writing on it. Penny reads it while throwing beakers at the monster.
Penny says: ""Joke, we both know I can't be trusted around chemicals."
Penny says: "Please go to that desert place I love."
The monster tries attacking her so she shape-shifts into a mouse and runs out of the room and down the hall.
Rocky says: "Hey, Penny, don't you want me to drive you there?"
Rocky screams as the monster reaches out and drags him into the lab, closing the door. He then giggles.
Rocky says: "Hey, it tickles!"
In the Desert.
Penny walks, exhausted.
Penny says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa."
Penny says: "I'm so tired."
Penny drops to her knees, looks down, and gasps. There is a message made out of bones.
Penny says: ""Sorry, I actually meant the dessert place where we shared our first ice cream."
Penny says: "I made a spelling mistake in the school lab."
Penny says: "I probably should have corrected it on the blackboard instead of coming all the way out here because that would have saved you the journey and stuff."
Penny says: "Sorry, I'm running out of bones."
Penny says: "See ya there."
Penny says: ""  Gumball."
Ice Cream.
At the mall, at the restaurant, Penny, who is dried out from walking so much in the hot sun, sits down at a table. Larry gives her an ice cream.
Larry says: "It's on the house, Miss Fitzgerald."
Penny smiles at him, still dried out. After a few seconds, she begins devouring the ice cream.
Larry says: "Did you notice the message on the plate?"
Larry says: "Look."
Larry says: "Oh, wait."
Larry says: "I just remembered that you're allergic to blueberry."
Larry says: "Why am I still writing this instead of telling Larry to stop putting blueberry in your bowl?"
Larry says: "Oh, my gosh, what have I done?!"
Larry says: "!"
Larry says: "Oh, I know!"
Larry says: "I'll put one of your allergy pills in the cherry on top."
Larry says: "That way, it balances out."
Larry says: "Whew."
Penny says: "Did the pill work?"
Larry says: "Eh..."
Penny picks up the spoon and looks at herself. Because of the spoon's shape, her reflection appears distorted.
Penny says: "Doesn't look that bad."
She actually looks like her distorted reflection. She puts the spoon down.
Larry says: "Here's your next clue."
He hands a piece of paper to her.
Penny says: "Thanks, Larry."
Penny takes the paper, gets up, and struggles to walk.
First Kiss.
In the school auditorium, Gumball is onstage dressed as the Beast. His face is sweaty, his hand is out, and he is struggling to smile. Leslie plays the violin.
Leslie​​ says: "Oh, don't be nervous, Gumball."
Gumball says: "I'm not."
Gumball says: "It's just I've been standing here with a smile on my face for about five hours now."
Gumball says: "Face..."
Gumball says: "cramp."
Leslie​​ says: "Tell me about it, I've played this tune two-hundred seventy-eight times."
The violin breaks and falls to the floor.
Leslie says: "When is she coming?"
Gumball cracks his cheeks and his face goes back to normal.
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "The instructions were pretty clear: "I hope you've had fun doing all this, now come find me where we had our first kiss."
Gumball says: "You got this far so you must really care, now the last thing to do is come meet me there."
Leslie​​ says: "Oh, I see, so you kissed her after the headbutt?"
Gumball flashes back to the play where he accidentally headbutted Penny in "The Shell." Back to present.
Gumball says: "Oh, good point."
Gumball says: "But it wasn't a headbutt, more of a blunt trauma."
Leslie​​ says: "So where was your first kiss?"
Gumball thinks, then realizes...
Gumball says: "The forest!"
Meeting Up.
Cut to Penny running through the forest. It is now nighttime.
Penny says: "Gumball!"
Penny says: "Huh?"
Penny says: "What was all that about?"
She looks and sees a wolf charging toward her. She screams, turns into her jackalope form, and runs. She jumps over a huge gap, shape-shifts into a flying squirrel, and lands, turning back to her default form. The wolf whimpers and backs away.
Penny says: "That's right!"
Penny says: "Remember who you're messin' with next time!"
A bear approaches her from behind. Penny turns around and whimpers upon seeing it.
Penny says: "Wait a minute, I can take whatever shape I want."
Penny says: "Penny powers, TRANSFORMATION!"
She strikes poses, but nothing happens. Beat. The bear roars at her so she turns into her mouse form and runs away.
Penny says: "Gumball!"
She dodges a snake and the bear and runs into a shelter of rock. Several creatures close in on her and the rats are seen running. Helpless, she shields herself.
Gumball says: "Leave her alone!"
Gumball says: "Ohhh, I twisted my ankle!"
Gumball says: "Quick, save us with your power of transformation!"
Penny says: "I can't control it!"
Penny says: "It depends how I feel!"
The creatures begin to close in on them.
Gumball says: "One last kiss before they eat us?"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry!"
Penny turns back to her default form.
Penny says: "That's it!"
Penny says: "Make me angry!"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "I don't think you'll have time to kick my butt before they do."
The bear roars and they panic.
Penny says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Uh, your mom is so dense that when you said your laptop was buggy, she sprayed it with insecticide!"
Penny giggles.
Penny says: "She is really bad with computers."
Penny says: "When I told her a mouse was broken, she took it to the vet."
They both laugh as the creatures come closer.
Gumball says: "Your sister?"
Penny says: "Not my sister!"
Gumball says: "Your sister's so short, she has to roll up her diapers!"
They both laugh.
Gumball says: "You wanna hear something else funny?"
Gumball says: "You know all that stuff I put you through today?"
Penny is still laughing.
Gumball says: "It was because you only used one heart emoji instead of three."
Penny turns into her dragon form.
Penny says: "ARE YOU INSANE?!"
Penny says: "!"
The bear roars again. She turns to the creatures and breathes fire at them. A shot of the forest overhead is shown as the fire can be seen. The creatures whimper.
The Gesture.
Time lapse. Penny is walking on the sidewalk, annoyed. Gumball catches up to her, but stays behind her.
Gumball says: "I'll take that as a maybe."
Penny stops walking and turns to him.
Penny says: "Look!"
Penny says: "You need to take things a little easier, okay?"
Penny says: "By which I mean less terrifyingly intense."
Gumball says: "Gotcha."
Gumball says: "No more marriage proposals and stuff."
Penny says: "And no big gestures!"
Gumball says: "Abort, abort!"
Darwin is shown standing next to a fuse that's about to explode.
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "too late."
Fireworks go off behind Penny, who begins to turn around. Gumball grabs her face.
Gumball says: "Don't look behind you!"
Gumball says: "I mean,  There's no point in turning back."
Penny takes his hands off of her and turns to the fireworks. One shoots up and explodes, saying "I Love You Penny".
Gumball says: "Nothin' to do with me, must be a different Penny."
Another firework explodes, saying "From Gumball".
Gumball says: "Heh, must be a different Gumball."
Another says "Watterson" and Gumball laughs nervously.
Gumball says: "What are the chances?"
The last one is a shape of Gumball's face.
Gumball looks at her and she gives him a blasé look. His face turns into the 8-bit heart emoji that she sent him earlier. Penny sighs.
Penny says: "Gumball."
The episode ends.