I Wanna be Dumb.
Richard, Gumball and Darwin are fooling around, playing "Butt Puppets." They all have their butts on the table, with sunglasses on them; Anais is making puzzles with Nicole at the coffee table.
Gumball says: "Get off my lawn, Watterson!"
Richard says: "But why, Mr."
Richard says: "Robinson?"
Darwin says: "Don't be so cheeky!"
Richard, Gumball and Darwin laugh; Camera cuts to Anais.
Nicole says: "C'mon sweetie, one puzzle; one thousand pieces of fun."
Anais says: "Mom, can we do something, you know..."
Anais says: "not boring?"
Nicole says: "You mean like the two thousand piece puzzle?"
Anais says: "No something more like that."
Camera turns back to Richard, Darwin and Gumball.
Gumball says: "I'm going to get to the bottom of this."
Everyone Laughs.
Richard says: "Hahahaha, bottom!"
Nicole says: "Anais, I think you are a bit too intelligent for that kind of behavior."
Anais says: "Well if being intelligent means no fun then I don't want to be intelligent anymore."
Nicole says: "Nice..."
Anais walks up to Gumball.
Anais says: "Gumball, can I speak to you?"
Gumball says: "My eyes are up here."
Anais says: "How come you guys never ask me to play with you."
Gumball says: "Well,  we thought you liked puzzles."
Anais says: "Yeah, puzzles are okay, but i'd like to join you and be dumb for a change, just for a day."
Gumball says: "For a day, huh..."
Richard and Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "I think we should give her a chance."
Gumball says: "Okay then."
Anais says: "Yay!"
Gumball, Darwin and Anais are in the garden.
Gumball says: "Here's a game we like to play."
Gumball says: "It's called  "I'm the President"."
Anais says: "What are the rules?"
Gumball says: "Well, I'm the president, and you have to do what I say."
Darwin says: "Yes sir, Mr."
Darwin says: "President, sir!"
Gumball says: "Now, go get the stinkiest thing you can find in the house."
Darwin says: "Yes sir, Mr."
Darwin says: "President, sir!"
Darwin runs away and Gumball raises eyebrow at Anais.
Anais says: "I'm not doing that!"
Gumball says: "You have to, I'm the President."
Anais says: "But the..."
Anais says: "but..."
Anais says: "Why?"
Darwin comes back with a sock on a stick.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "President sir, I found one of Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad's socks."
Gumball says: "Is it sweaty?"
Darwin says: "Yes sir, it's crunchy on the outside and moldy on the inside."
Darwin says: "Just the way you like it, sir!"
Gumball says: "Good job, soldier!"
Gumball says: "This shall be our flag, and in Dumb Land, what's the motto?"
Gumball and Darwin says: ""Dumbus Kissus Flagus!"
Gumball and Darwin kiss the flag and fall down, gasping.
Anais says: "This is so dumb."
Darwin says: "That's the point!"
Anais says: "I just don't get it."
Nicole speaks to Anais from inside the house.
Nicole says: "Anais, look, honey!"
Nicole says: "Porcupine parade, three thousand pieces!"
Anais says: "Please, teach me."
How to be Dumb.
Back in the Wattersons' house.
Gumball says: "Okay now, notepad ready?"
Anais says: "Yep."
Gumball says: "The first rule of dumb is that dumb people don't take notes."
Anais says: "Don't..."
Anais says: "take..."
Anais says: "notes."
Darwin walks up to Anais, grabs her notepad and hands it to Gumball. Gumball checks the notepad, then throws it outside, breaking the window; The notepad lands on Mr. Robinson's windshield while he is driving.
Gaylord says: "Aaaaaah!"
His car crashes into a fire hydrant.
Gaylord says: "My car!"
Camera cuts back to Watterson's lounge room.
Gumball says: "Now, if you want to be dumb, you've got to speak dumb."
Gumball says: "Darwin and me will demonstrate; dumb."
Darwin says: "Dumb."
Gumball says: "Dumb dumb dumb."
Darwin says: "Dumb dumb dumb dumb."
Gumball says: "Now you try it."
Anais says: "Dumb dumb dumb?"
Gumball starts to chuckle and Darwin is shocked.
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "It's just what you said is really rude."
Darwin says: "Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?"
Anais says: "Well, come on, how do you speak dumb?"
Gumball says: "Here's a little song that might help you."
Gumball and Darwin coughing for the song.
Gumball says: "Dumb dumb dumb, dumb dumb dumb, duh duh dumb dumb dumb."
Darwin says: "Dumb dumb dumb, dumb dumb dumb, duh duh dumb dumb dumb."
Gumball raises his hand with a rock sign.
Darwin says: "Dumb duh duh duh dumb, duma duma duma duma duma dumaner DUM."
Gumball and Darwin breath of exhaustion.
Anais says: "Nope, I don't get it."
Knowing How to be Dumb.
Scene changes to the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Okay, now Anais I want you to make a sandwich but like a dumb person would."
Gumball and Darwin are staring at Anais, when Anais is squirting mayonnaise on the bread, then Gumball and Darwin chuckles.
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Oh, nothing!"
Gumball says: "It's just smart people always struggle with that one."
Anais says: "How do you do it then?"
Gumball says: "Watch and learn."
Gumball and Darwin run around the table, then put the bread on the table; They slam their faces into the bread and it sticks to them; Darwin holds a stick of butter, then Gumball grabs some of the butter and puts some on the bread on his face while Darwin throws Swiss cheese into the air; Gumball and Darwin slam the bread on their faces into the Swiss cheese, then the bread comes off their faces and the completed sandwich lands on the table.
Gumball says: "Ha ha ha ha ha."
Darwin says: "Ha ha ha ha ha."
Anais says: "Nope, I don't get it."
Scene changes to the backyard.
Gumball says: "Look, it's not complicated, all you need to do is think dumb, Darwin if you please."
Darwin says: "Take a look."
Anais takes a look inside Darwin's head, Darwin's brain has 2 eyes and a body; it is tap dancing to some music; Anais still looks confused.
Anais says: "I'm never going to get this."
Darwin closes his head.
Gumball says: "Ah, don't feel bad."
Gumball says: "It takes years of dedication to think dumb like we do."
Anais says: "Aw, come on, guys."
Anais says: "You guys don't think dumb, you don't think at all."
Anais says: "That's it, you literally don't think at all."
Gumball says: "Hum humph."
Anais says: "For example,  most people will think twice about putting a hot chili in their mouth, but because you didn't think even once."
Gumball is jumping in pain because his mouth is on fire.
Gumball says: "AHHH!"
Gumball says: "Ohh!"
Gumball says: "AHHHH!"
Anais says: "You've already done it,  I finally get it!"
Anais says: "I know how to be dumb!"
Gumball says: "YAY!!"
Darwin says: "YAY!!"
Anais says: "YAY!!"
The door to the kitchen opens, revealing Richard.
Richard says: "Anyone want to play fruitball?"
Anais says: "I do!"
Anais says: "I do!"
Richard says: "Really?"
Richard says: "I thought she liked puzzles."
Gumball says: "Not anymore."
Anais says: "I'm now fluent in the beautiful art of dumbness."
Richard says: "Okay then."
Richard says: "She's in."
Gumball says: "LET'S PLAY FRUITBALL!!"
Darwin says: "LET'S PLAY FRUITBALL!!"
Anais says: "LET'S PLAY FRUITBALL!!"
Richard says: "LET'S PLAY FRUITBALL!!"
Gumball has a watermelon, Anais has a tomato and Darwin has a pineapple.
Gumball says: "You ready dad?"
Gumball says: "YAY!!"
Darwin says: "YAY!!"
Anais says: "YAY!!"
Gumball says: "WHOOOHOO!!"
Darwin says: "WHOOOHOO!!"
Anais says: "WHOOOHOO!!"
Richard says: "YEAAAHHHH!"
Richard says: "HA HA HA HA!!"
Darwin says: "WHOOOOO!!"
Anais says: "OHHHHHH!"
Anais says: "AH HA HA HA!"
Scene changes back at the Wattersons' house at night time.
Anais says: "Thanks, Gumball."
Anais says: "I had a great day."
Gumball says: "Me too."
Sound of clicking, outside the window the light switches off.
Toe Wrestling.
Scene changes to the next day morning in Gumball and Darwin bedroom.
Gumball says: "Guys?"
In the backyard Richard is putting both of his foot on Darwin's and Anais' foot while pushing, then Gumball walks to them.
Gumball says: "Hey, what are you doing?"
Anais says: "We're toe wrestling with dad."
Anais says: "This little Pinky's going down."
Darwin says: "In a deep voice I'm gonna toe nail you to the floor."
Gumball says: "Cool."
Gumball says: "Can I join in?"
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad's only got two feet and they're kinda taken."
Gumball says: "That's okay."
Gumball says: "I can be the referee."
Anais says: "We already have one."
Richard says: "Now, I want a good clean fight."
Gumball says: "I'll be the spectator then."
Anais says: "Yeah we kinda have those as well."
Darwin says: "BOOOO."
Gumball says: "Oh fine."
Gumball says: "I'll just go and have some breakfast."
Anais says: "What?"
Anais says: "We didn't hear you."
Anais says: "We're having too much fun."
Complicated Puzzle Piece.
Gumball is sitting angrily at the table with Nicole, while Anais, Richard, and Darwin are playing a game of 'I'm the President'.
Anais says: "Dumbus Kissus Flagus!"
Richard says: "Yes, madam president!"
Darwin says: "Yes, madam president!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe this."
Gumball says: "I told her how to be dumb, and now she's totally stealing Dad."
Nicole says: "Oh, don't be like that, honey."
Nicole says: "I'm sure they'll include you in a second."
Richard, Darwin, and Anais are now playing video games on the couch.
Anais says: "This couch is really good for three people."
Richard says: "Yeah, if we had a fourth person, it would be kinda cramped."
Gumball grunts.
Nicole says: "Okay, well..."
Nicole says: "how about you play with me?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, okay, see how she likes it if I steal Mom from her!"
Nicole says: "Oh, we're gonna have so much fun!"
Nicole says: "C'mon, Gumball, just one piece left!"
Gumball takes puzzle piece and looks at the puzzle; After sometime, Nicole fell asleep and Gumball is still trying to figure out where the puzzle piece goes then Gumball rapidly put the puzzle piece around the puzzle.
Gumball says: "You know what, Mom?"
Nicole says: "Yes sweetheart?"
Gumball says: "I don't think this is gonna work out."
Nicole says: "Oh, I'm so glad you said that."
Nicole says: "Let's agree to never do this again."
Gumball says: "Done."
Awkward silence for a few seconds.
Gumball says: "So..."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna go, this way."
Nicole says: "Sure."
Scene changes to Darwin, Anais, and Richard as they were on a shaking washing machine laughing.
Richard says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
Darwin says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
Anais says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
The washing machine turns off.
Richard says: "Do it again!"
Richard says: "Do it again!"
Anais turns on washing machine and it shakes again then all of them laugh again.
Richard says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
Darwin says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
Anais says: "EARTHQUAKE!"
The Dumb Race.
A bunch of people are at a starting line. Gumball is still laughing maniacally.
Anais says: "Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Anais says: "Can you tell us why we're here now?"
Gumball says: "You're here to race."
Gumball says: "As you can see, I've gathered the stupidest people in town."
Rocky says: "Word."
Gumball says: "Everyone has to wear a blindfold and run as fast as you can."
Gumball says: "The person who gets the furthest, is officially the dumbest."
Gumball says: "Dad, you'll be the referee."
Richard says: "Okay guys, I want a good clean race!"
Richard says: "Anyone opening their eyes is disqualified."
Gumball says: "You might have won Dad sis, but I'm not gonna let you win this!"
Anais says: "What do you mean, won dad?"
Tobias​​​​ says: "I'm winning, I'm winning!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "I'M NOT WINNING!"
Rocky says: "Who's the dumbest?"
Rocky says: "Who's the dumbest?"
Idaho runs into bush and bumps into a golf ball. He feels the golf ball.
Idaho says: "Mama?"
Banana Joe runs through a barbed wire, and is sliced into pieces.
Banana Joe says: "I'm a banana split!"
Banana Joe says: "It hurts."
Anton runs into lake, and some ducks try to eat him.
Rocky says: "Who's the dumbest?"
Rocky says: "Who's the dumbest?"
Rocky says: "Who's the dumbest?"
Rocky says: "I'm Ok."
Richard jumps on Rocky and continues running.
Larry says: "Oh Karen, this is just the perfect day."
Larry says: "I was wondering..."
Karen says: "Yes Laurence?"
Richard carries Larry away.
Larry says: "Will you marry me?"
Scene changes to Gumball and Anais again.
Gumball says: "You're taking my place at home, and I am taking it back!"
Anais says: "Are you kidding Gumball?"
Anais says: "I just want to be dumb for a day!"
Anais says: "No one could be dumber than you!"
They both stop running.
Gumball says: "Wow!"
Gumball says: "That's a really nice thing to say, I kinda feel awkward now!"
Anais says: "Should we just hug?"
Gumball says: "Gosh, ya, okay!"
They both hug, a few cars passes by them.
Gumball says: "Whoa!"
Gumball says: "That was close!"
Anais says: "I think we outdone ourselves!"
Anais says: "Let's go home!"
Marvin runs over Gumball, then Anais.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Marvin says: "Huh?"
Marvin says: "Oh, the eyes!"
Marvin says: "I blew it."
At the Hospital.
Tobias is seen floating above the Hospital. The camera changes to see Rocky, Banana Joe, Anton, Gumball and Anais laying in hospital beds, sighing.
Dr. Butt says: "Hello, I'm Dr."
Dr. Butt says: "Butt!"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "I can't play "Butt Puppet" right now."
Dr. Butt says: "I was only trying to help."
Dr. Butt walks away and Nicole and Richard walk up to Gumball.
Nicole says: "Ugh..."
Nicole says: "this is all your fault, Richard."
Richard says: "Well as Referee, I did everything I could to ensure everyone's safety!"
Nicole says: "And six kids ended up in the hospital."
Richard says: "Four!"
Richard says: "Rocky and me are grown up."
Rocky says: "Word."
Nicole says: "And you, Gumball Watterson."
Nicole says: "That was a very dumb thing to do."
Gumball says: "Aww..."
Gumball says: "Thanks!"
Nicole says: "Ugh..."
Nicole says: "And as for you, young lady, I expected more."
Anais says: "Aw mom."
Anais says: "I think I don't wanna be dumb anymore."
Anais says: "Because it hurts so bad!"
Richard says: "And all this is because you guys wanted to be my favorite, when we all know in fact that Darwin is my favorite!"
Richard says: "Wait a minute..."
Gumball says: "Where is Darwin?"
Anais says: "Where is Darwin?"
Nicole says: "Where is Darwin?"
Richard says: "Where is Darwin?"
Back in the park, Darwin is still blindfolded, running in circles around a tree.
Darwin says: "Did I win yet?"
Darwin says: "Did I win yet?"
Darwin says: "Did I win yet?"
Darwin says: "Ow."
Episode Ends.