Nicole's Internet Troubles.
Episode starts with Gumball and Darwin in their room on Elmore Plus.
Gumball says: "You know the best thing about our friends uploading their selfies?"
Gumball says: "It means I can Shotofop them to make them look slightly weird."
Gumball says: "Oh, wait—"
Gumball says: "no, Sussie looks kinda better there."
Darwin says: "Now let's upload them!"
Suddenly, Nicole bursts into the room, carrying a box full of random items.
Nicole says: "BOYS!!"
Gumball and Darwin scream.
Nicole says: "Get away from the computer now!"
Gumball says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I clenched so hard, I tore the seat!"
Nicole says: "I was reading "Responsible Parenting" magazine."
Gumball says: ""Responsible Parenting" magazine?"
Gumball says: "That's the magazine equivalent of having a "Live, Laugh, Love" sign over a medieval torture chamber."
Nicole says: "Well, there's lots of good advice in there."
Nicole says: "Such as 95 ways to protect a turkey and how to baste your children!"
Nicole says: "Uh—"
Nicole says: "no, wait."
Nicole says: "Uh..."
Nicole says: ".."
Gumball says: "And what's the scare hoax of the month?"
Nicole says: "No, it's about protecting your children from the dangers of the internet."
Gumball says: "Okay, fair enough."
Gumball says: "I've got nothing sarcastic to say about that."
Nicole says: "Good."
Nicole says: "So when you're online, make sure to leave the spell checker on!"
Darwin says: "Okay..."
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "."
Darwin says: "why?"
Nicole says: "In case someone tries to hex you with a chain letter!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "Updating your antivirus!"
Gumball says: "How on earth is that supposed to help?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "By the way, you put it in upside down."
Gumball says: "Now what are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Your keyboard's full of crumbs!"
Nicole says: "Do you want your computer to have bugs?"
Nicole says: "'Cause that's how you'll get bugs!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "Now, I'm sorry, I'm going to have to put the parental lock on."
Gumball says: "Aw, c'mon!"
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Nicole says: "But that's what the magazine said I should do!"
Gumball says: "They meant parental locks on the computer!"
Nicole says: "Oh, right."
Nicole says: "There!"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Look, Mom, I- What?"
Darwin says: "Where'd she go?"
Nicole says: "I'm setting up the firewall!"
Nicole says: "Right."
Nicole says: "That should do it."
Nicole says: "Any questions?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "Can you hear me all the way back there in 1836?"
Nicole says: "Yup!"
Nicole says: "Wait, what?"
Gumball says: "Get back in here!"
Gumball says: "I think it's our turn to inspect your computer."
Nicole says: "What do you mean?"
Work Computer Inspections.
In Nicole's bedroom, the boys check her computer, which is riddled with pop-up ads. Gumball angrily gestures at her.
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom, that pop-up window is twenty years old!"
Pop-Up Dog says: "Thank you."
The boys watch in horror for a few seconds, then Gumball exits all the pop-ups.
Nicole says: "What kind of dark magic forgetter is this?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Oh—"
Nicole says: "wait, there is one more problem with this computer."
Nicole says: "Sometimes it asks me to right-click to do something, but when I do, nothing happens!"
Nicole says: "Can you fix that?"
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Show me."
Nicole says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "You thinking what I'm thinking?"
Darwin says: "Uh-huh."
Darwin says: "That that little doggy just bit the dust?"
Gumball says: "Alas, yes."
Gumball says: "But, also..."
Gumball says: "."
Darwin says: "That it's us who need to teach her about safely using the computer!"
Gumball says: "Mm-hmm."
Darwin says: "Mm-hmm."
Behind them, Nicole screams in frustration and keeps snapping, this time, with her left hand.
The Internet Mindset.
Gumball, Darwin and Nicole are at the Rainbow Factory.
Gumball says: "Okay, let's assess the damage here."
Gumball says: "What do you mainly use your computer for?"
Nicole says: "Oh, you know, same as everybody."
Nicole says: "Write emails, check stuff, read movies..."
Gumball says: "You mean watch movies, right?"
Nicole says: "No, I read them."
Gumball says: "Okay, just show us what you normally do."
[Nicole takes a seat says: "pushing one key at a time."
cracks her knuckles says: "pushing one key at a time."
begins typing says: "pushing one key at a time."
[Nicole takes a seat says: "Many hours later, Gumball and Darwin are half-asleep while she is still typing."
cracks her knuckles says: "Many hours later, Gumball and Darwin are half-asleep while she is still typing."
begins typing says: "Many hours later, Gumball and Darwin are half-asleep while she is still typing."
Nicole says: "Oh..."
Nicole says: "I can never find the at!"
Gumball moves her finger over to it and yawns.
Gumball says: "So this is how you type an email?"
Nicole pulls out a phone book.
Darwin says: "What is that?"
Nicole says: "My contact list."
Gumball says: "Wait, so you keep everyone's email address in there and then type it into the computer?"
Nicole says: "Yeah, easy-peasy!"
Nicole says: "Then, I just press send."
She does. It is then revealed the "email" she sent was really a Christmas e-card with her face pasted to many Christmas pixies dancing.
Gumball says: ""Pixi E-Mail?"
Gumball says: "" What is this?"
Nicole says: "It's my mailbox!"
Nicole says: "I saw a Christmas promotion for it at the post office."
Nicole says: "And, saves on stamps!"
Darwin says: "Mrs."
Darwin says: "Mom, normal emails are easier."
Nicole says: "Oh sweetie, I wouldn't want to put all the elves who live inside of the computer out of work, would I?"
Gumball says: "Who are you sending this to?"
Nicole says: "Oh, Mic in maintenance."
Mic receives the e-card, which reads, "The toilet is overflowing again." He sheds a single tear.
Gumball says: "OMG, you're such a mom!"
Nicole says: "Hey, watch your tongue!"
Gumball says: "Well, what do you think OMG means?"
Nicole says: "I don't know for sure, but if I had to guess, I would say, offend my grandmother."
The boys can't help but laugh at this.
Gumball says: "We need to teach you a little more internet lingo!"
Gumball says: "What does TL;DR mean?"
Nicole says: "Toilet..."
Nicole says: ".."
Nicole says: "doctor?"
They laugh again.
Darwin says: "Do you really think people on the internet talk about toilet doctors so much they have to abbreviate it?"
Nicole says: "Very funny."
Nicole says: "You're lucky you two are my baes."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "My baes."
Nicole says: "My babies!"
Nicole says: "That's what it means, right?"
Gumball says: "Oh, my word."
Darwin says: "Jackie Wilson: "Tough morning today."
Darwin says: "Anniversary of the day my grandad went missing at sea."
Darwin says: "" And you answered with a photo of a sad kitten saying "ROFL?"
Nicole says: "Yeah!"
Nicole says: "Receive our feelings and love!"
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "What else do you do?"
Nicole says: "Sometimes I download cooking videos!"
Gumball says: "I just got the "I read movies" thing."
Darwin says: "Okay..."
Darwin says: "so, what do you do at lunchtime?"
Lunchtime. Nicole is scrolling through a clothes shopping website while Gumball and Darwin are eating sandwiches.
Nicole says: "Oh, I check out stuff I'd like to buy, but I never buy anything though."
Darwin says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "Because I'm scared of getting my money stolen!"
Nicole says: "It's happened before!"
Gumball says: "It's good to be careful, but you see that little fellow right there?"
Gumball says: "If the padlock is on, it means you're safe."
Nicole says: "Oh, okay then."
Nicole says: "So, what do I do next?"
Gumball says: "Just put it in the basket."
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Really thought she was gonna chuck the computer away there."
Nicole says: "Guys, please."
Nicole says: "I know I'm slow,  but I'm not Interweb Explorer slow!"
Gumball says: "She made a browser nerd joke!"
Gumball says: "She's learning!"
Gumball says: "I guess there are two types of people in this world, Darwin: those who need everything spelled out for them..."
Darwin says: "What's the second type?"
Nicole says: "Okay, so what do I do next?"
Gumball says: "You just have to pay."
Nicole says: "And you promise I won't get my money stolen?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Nicole takes some cash out of her wallet and places it into her computer's disk tray.
Gumball says: "Okay, so now you hold your hand out in front of it."
Nicole says: "Realize what?"
Gumball says: "That you just lost twenty-six dollars and ruined the computer at the same time."
Gumball says: "And, there it is."
Social Media Blunders.
Some time later. Gumball and Darwin have visible bags under their eyes, and are half asleep.
Gumball says: "Okay, so what else do you do?"
Nicole says: "Well, sometimes I like to share how I feel on Elmore Plus!"
Gumball says: ""I'm not perfect, but at least I'm not fake?"
Gumball says: "" Why are you posting these?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Because, they're funny!"
Nicole says: "And look at all the little thumbs up I get!"
Gumball says: "Mom, your profile is public!"
Nicole says: "Well, what's wrong with that?"
Nicole says: "I got nothing to hide!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, well what about that?"
Scrolls to a post titled "Birthday Burger" with a photo of her, Anais, and Mary celebrating Nicole's birthday at Joyful Burger. Nicole is holding up her credit card, while Mary is holding a birthday card. Quattro is in the background of the shot, and he appears to be on Nicole's back.
Nicole says: "So?"
Nicole says: "I'm just sharing a photo of my birthday meal."
Gumball says: "That's not all you're sharing!"
Gumball says: "You've pretty much gift-wrapped your identity for internet fraudsters."
Gumball says: "And on a separate note, you look like you have a tiny guy on your back."
Darwin says: "Also, please stop with the quotes from these little munchkin things!"
Darwin says: "They're scientifically proven to destroy brain cells."
Nicole says: "Nonsense!"
Gumball says: "Please tell me you have a strong password at least."
Gumball says: "7, E, R, 3, dollar sign, at."
Gumball says: "Okay, uppercase, numbers, unusual characters, that's pretty strong."
Nicole says: "Great!"
Darwin says: "But you did just post it on your timeline."
Nicole realizes. Sure enough, we see the password on her timeline, and it has already received some smiles.
Gumball says: "I think I have a solution."
We're Doomed!
Gumball sets a keyboard with only three keys on the desk.
Gumball says: "There."
Gumball says: "This one is to close without saving, this one is to install malware, and the last one is to erase all your work."
Gumball says: "This should streamline your output and make you ten times more productive at being self-destructive."
Nicole says: "Oh, please!"
Nicole says: "I'm not that bad!"
Gumball says: "True, you're not that bad."
Gumball says: "You're the WORST!"
Gumball says: "You're the reason your IT guy lost his mind and bailed!"
Quick cut to the IT guy jumping out the window and running out of a room where he has written "NICOLE" numerous times on the walls.
Nicole says: "Well, at least I'm not as bad as the rest of the guys in this office!"
They look to the Soulless Office Worker, who takes a sip of coffee and sets the cup down on the disk tray. Then, they look over to the Flight Attendant, who is covering her computer screen with white-out.
Darwin says: "What..."
Darwin says: "."
Darwin says: "are you doing?"
Flight Attendant says: "I'm correcting a spelling mistake, duh!"
Then, Gumball walks over to John, who has set his computer screen down on the copier.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "."
John says: "What?"
John says: "I'm printin' out my report!"
Next, they look over to Phil, who is talking on the phone.
Phil says: "Yes, yes, I have tried a reboot!"
Phil says: "All right, I'll try again."
Phil says: "Yeah, no."
Phil says: "Still nothing."
The computer screen breaks through the copier, and John scratches his head. Gumball and Darwin turn away and start to laugh.
Gumball says: "You know what's really funny about this?"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "These guys are fully grown adults!"
Gumball says: "They're in charge!"
Gumball says: "Of, like, everything!"
Gumball says: "They drive cars!"
Darwin says: "They vote!"
Gumball says: "They're responsible for the planet!"
Suddenly, they gasp in horror.
Gumball says: "We're doomed."
Darwin says: "We're doomed."
Hashtag Trending.
The song starts, on an internet-looking background.