Richard's Lifelong Friend.
Episode starts at the Watterson house. The doorbell rings and Nicole answers.
Granny Jojo says: "I hate when people intrude like that, but I guess some people just can't read the signals!"
Nicole says: "No, they can't."
Nicole says: "So, you planning on staying long?"
Granny Jojo says: "Only a couple of weeks."
Granny Jojo says: "The mattresses are hard and the food's overcooked."
Granny Jojo says: "Where's Richard?"
Gumball says: "He's in the kitchen."
Gumball says: "Mom told him to get rid of the refrigerator because it's broken."
Richard, in the kitchen, sobs and hugs the fridge. It rumbles, and he comforts it.
Richard says: "Shhhhh."
Gumball says: "But then he got upset 'cause it's his favorite possession."
Darwin says: "So he chained himself to it and swallowed the key."
Anais says: "But it was the key to the shed so Mom unchained him."
Gumball says: "So, he chained himself to it again and swallowed the key."
Darwin says: "But, it was the key to the back gate so Mom unchained him."
Anais says: "Then he chained himself to it again and swallowed the key."
Gumball says: "But it was still the wrong key so Mom unchained him."
Darwin says: "And now we don't know what the key he swallowed is for."
Richard hiccups and the car is heard parking.
Gumball says: "Oh, Mom's car."
Darwin says: "Oh, Mom's car."
Anais says: "Oh, Mom's car."
Granny Jojo says: "I gave you that refrigerator as a housewarming present!"
Nicole says: "You gave it to us because it was the only way to get Richard to move out of your house!"
Richard says: "It's been there for me so many times!"
Flashback to a young Richard opening and closing the fridge repeatedly in wonderment.
Richard says: "It was there when I was a little kid and the world was new and amazing!"
Another flashback to teenage Richard opening the fridge to find a can of regular soda and one of lite soda.
Richard says: "During those difficult years, when you're trying to work out who you are as a person!"
Teenage Richard gladly picks the regular soda. Third flashback to young adult Richard and Nicole. He opens the fridge and takes out a small black box.
Next, an imagine spot of Richard fighting robots in a post-apocalyptic setting.
Nicole says: "Come on, you know that last one didn't happen!"
Granny Jojo says: "Don't you listen to her, honey."
Granny Jojo says: "If you don't want a new one, we'll get it repaired."
Granny Jojo says: "I still have the warranty."
Nicole says: "WHAT?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "You're taking his side?"
Granny Jojo says: "Oh, I'm sure you'd love to replace all the old, reliable things Richard holds dear to him, but it ain't gonna happen."
Nicole says: "It's old, it smells, I'm sure it's leaked everywhere, and I want it out of my house!!"
Gumball says: "Are we..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "still talking about the refrigerator here?"
Richard says: "Ugghh!"
Richard says: "Okay, we'll get rid of it!"
Richard says: "On one condition: you two promise to try to get along!"
Nicole says: "Oh, all right."
Nicole says: "I'll drive her back to where she bought it and see if we can get a refund."
Richard says: "Deal!"
Richard says: "But that just might have to wait until tomorrow morning."
Nicole says: "Why?"
He hiccups again, and the car unparks.
Ditching the Fridge.
The next day, Nicole and Granny Jojo are driving. Jojo opens the window, but Nicole angrily closes it.
Granny Jojo says: "It's too warm!"
Nicole says: "It's too cold."
Granny Jojo says: "I need fresh air!"
Nicole says: "Move to Switzerland."
Granny Jojo says: "My doctor says I shouldn't look through glass!"
Nicole says: "You're wearing glasses."
She sniffs, gags, and opens the window. Actually, I will open the windows. Your breath smells like soup.
In the Watterson driveway, Richard cries as he fastens the fridge to the top of the car and gives it a kiss. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais watch.
Richard says: "Goodbye."
Darwin says: "It's okay to be sad, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "It's perfectly normal."
Gumball says: "Dude, the only place dad's behavior might seem normal has people wailing and bouncing off cushioned walls."
Darwin says: "You mean a kid's inflatable castle?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "No, I don't."
Anais says: "You know what, Dad?"
Anais says: "You should think about upcycling!"
Richard says: "Exercising is the last thing on my mind."
Anais says: "No, upcycling is when you give old stuff a new purpose."
Anais says: "Like our satellite dish!"
Anais says: "It used to be an old toilet seat."
Anais says: "And you'd never know our mailbox used to be be a car battery!"
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah!"
Darwin says: "And like how our trash bin is the old trash bin from next door!"
Anais says: "No, that was just stealing."
The kids get into the car and drive away. Gary walks up to the house, whistling. When he reaches into the car battery mailbox, it shocks him and he faints.
Cut to the four in the woods.
Gumball says: "But officer, we were just releasing it into the wild to give it a better life!"
Darwin says: "It's called upcycling!"
Zoom out to show they are talking to the Doughnut Sheriff and Mr. Small, and the fridge was discarded next to a tree.
Donut Sheriff says: "No, it's called illegal dumping, and I'll give you a ticket if you don't get it out of here!"
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "You saved this beauty spot!"
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "I mean, look at this tree."
Mister Small​​​​​ says: "Untouched for generations!"
Donut Sheriff says: "No problem!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Lucky I was in the vicinity."
Donut Sheriff says: "I was never here."
Donut Sheriff says: "Ugh."
Donut Sheriff says: "Try to give me an out, buddy."
The Fridge's New Job.
Meanwhile, Richard and the kids leave a casting agency.
Richard says: "Ugh."
Richard says: "This is the last one."
Darwin says: "How could every casting agent in town turn it down?"
Darwin says: "I mean, look at how versatile it is!"
Darwin says: "Cheeky!"
Anais says: "Ah!"
Anais says: "What do people do if they can't get work as an actor?"
Gumball says: "Voice actor?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "Teacher?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "Puppeteer?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "Children's book author?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "Agent?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "PA?"
Anais says: "No."
Gumball says: "Waiter?"
Gumball says: "Barista?"
Gumball says: "Mime artist?"
Anais says: "No, no, no!"
Anais says: "Circus!"
Anais says: "They join the circus!"
Richard is at the Elmore Circus, talking with the egg ringmaster.
Egg Ringmaster says: "Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Egg Ringmaster says: "I've never heard anything so preposterous!"
Richard says: "I know, it sounds weird 'cause it's a refrigerator."
Egg Ringmaster says: "No-ho-ho!"
Egg Ringmaster says: "Because we've already got one!"
Egg Ringmaster says: "They go wild for it."
Meanwhile, at the mall parking garage.
Nicole says: "Well, according to your warranty, this is where the store should be."
Nicole says: "But it's not."
Granny Jojo says: "Well, like I said to Richard on your wedding day, you sure about that, honey?"
She knocks on the door. The van shopkeeper answers.
Van shopkeeper says: "Ah, my best customer."
Nicole says: "Ugh, what is it with this family and buying knockoff stuff from a truck?"
Granny Jojo says: "We want our refrigerator repaired."
Van shopkeeper says: "Huh, that old thing's still goin'?"
Nicole says: "Yeah, she is."
Nicole says: "And she thinks your lifetime warranty still means something."
The "Upcycling".
Meanwhile, at the Reuse & Recycling Center, Richard is with the Guru.
Recycling Center Guru says: "No, no, no, of course not."
Recycling Center Guru says: "Here at the Reuse & Recycling Center, we don't melt down or destroy your once-treasured possessions."
Recycling Center Guru says: "We know how much they've meant to you."
Richard says: "Aah!"
Richard says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "I never said goodbye!"
He opens the doors, only to find that his fridge and a washing machine have been put in a boxing ring, surrounded by a chanting crowd.
Blue Lizard says: "Ha-ha-ha!"
Blue Lizard says: "That face ain't gonna look so perfect much longer!"
Richard's eyes widen. Snap cut to him and the kids making a driving getaway with the fridge.
Darwin says: "Faster, Dad!"
Darwin says: "Faster!"
They are being chased by a makeshift truck made from old appliances, being driven by all the barbarians from the center. One of them plays a flaming saxophone on the top of the vehicle.
Richard says: "Are they gaining on us?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "One of them's got a saxophone!"
Anais says: "Who throws out a saxophone?!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard says: "Pretty much anyone after 1992!"
Richard says: "What are they doing?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "I don't know!"
Gumball says: "Looks like some kind of lame French circus-y thing!"
Anais says: "Just give them the fridge!"
Richard says: "Nooo!"
Gumball says: "We're never gonna shake 'em off!"
They pass by Betty's house as she leaves out an old fan with the trash. The barbarian truck backs up slowly and the Guru steps out. Calm music plays.
Recycling Center Guru says: "We'll take care of that for you, ma'am."
Recycling Center Guru says: "We know how much it means to you."
Back at home, Richard puts the fridge back in its rightful place.
Richard says: "That's it, we are not getting rid of it, it is staying right here!"
A crazed employee jumps out, laughing maniacally, and grabs the fridge.
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Hahaha!"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "We got it now, guys!"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Ha-ha..."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "ha..."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "ha..."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "ugh."
Gumball says: "Dad, this is getting ridiculous."
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "It's mine!"
Recycling Centre Henchman says: "Uh, sorry mate, is there a bus stop around here?"
Recycling Centre Henchman says: "Actually, don't worry about it, I'll get a cab."
Anais says: "Can we just get rid of it?!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard says: "No!"
Richard says: "I'm keeping it and nothing will separate us!"
Suddenly, the fridge starts to shake. It bursts open, spewing out ice crystals that spread throughout the house. The four get sucked inside while the employee is outside on the phone.
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Hello?"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Yeah?"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Yeah, I just wanna order a cab, please."
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Sorry, what?"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Ten minutes?"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Have you got any nearer?"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "I don't know, I'm in someone else's house tonight!"
Recycling Center Henchman says: "Hang on."
Gumball says: "DAD!!"
Darwin says: "DAD!!"
Anais says: "DAD!!"
A Fridge Full of Memories.
At the Awesome Store.
Nicole says: "And it's always making this weird shuddering noise."
Nicole says: "I'm not keeping food in it 'til it's fixed."
Van shopkeeper says: "Wait, you've been keeping food in it?"
Nicole says: "Yes..."
Nicole says: "."
Nicole says: "it is, after all, a refrigerator."
Van shopkeeper says: "You didn't read the warranty, did you?"
Granny Jojo says: "This appliance is for the storage of memories and emotions, and under no circumstances should be used for storing food?"
Nicole says: "Seriously?"
Nicole says: "A refrigerator for emotions?"
Nicole says: "What else have you got, a bookshelf that alphabetizes your dreams?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Eh, we sold out of those last week."
Van shopkeeper says: "But don't worry about that fridge shuddering."
Van shopkeeper says: "Someone would have to use it as a lifelong emotional crutch for anything really bad to happen."
Van shopkeeper says: "But casual usage should be fine."
Nicole says: "There is nothing casual about the way Richard uses that fridge."
Cut to the two speeding home.
Nicole says: "I'm sure Richard got rid of it like I asked him to!"
Nicole says: "Hah!"
Granny Jojo says: "Does it get tiring being wrong all the time?"
They trudge into the house. The floor is covered in a blanket of snow.
Granny Jojo says: "RICHARD!!"
Nicole says: "KIDS!!"
Gumball says: "MOM!"
Gumball says: "In here!"
Gumball says: "The fridge has gone crazy!"
Anais says: "And it swallowed Dad!"
Granny Jojo says: "It's not a fridge!"
Granny Jojo says: "It's a store for emotions!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "She bought it from the Awesome Store."
Gumball says: "Ohhhh."
Darwin says: "Ohhhh."
Anais says: "Ohhhh."
Gumball says: "Makes sense."
Darwin says: "Then how do we get him back?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "I'm going in!"
Granny Jojo says: "I'm not leaving this to you!"
Granny Jojo says: "None of this would have happened if you hadn't threatened to get rid of it!"
Nicole says: "Then I guess we're both going in!"
Granny Jojo says: "Let's go get Richard."
They brave their way into the refrigerator. Inside, in the middle of an idyllic snowy clearing, Richard watches his memories replaying in ice crystals all around him.
Nicole says: "Hoo, I wish I'd worn a jacket."
Granny Jojo says: "And I wish I'd worn heels!"
Granny Jojo says: "How are we gonna find him in this?"
Nicole says: "Look!"
Granny Jojo says: "Can't see, can I?"
Nicole lifts her out of the snow. They see a beautiful formation of ice crystals blocking a cavern entrance.
Granny Jojo says: "Richard!"
Granny Jojo says: "Richard, honey, are you there?"
Richard says: "NO!"
Granny Jojo says: "He's not gonna let us in!"
Nicole says: "Let me try something."
Nicole says: "PIZZA FOR WATTERSON!!"
The icy doors open and a blinding light comes out. The two go in.
Give It Up, Richard!
Nicole and Jojo find Richard, in perfect bliss.
Nicole says: "Honey?"
Richard says: "What are you doing here?"
Nicole says: "I've come to save you!"
Granny Jojo says: "We've come to save you."
Nicole says: "It was my idea, though."
Richard says: "Oh, stop arguing and leave me alone!"
Richard says: "I told you, this fridge..."
Richard says: "has so many good memories."
Nicole says: "Yes, but I assumed that was just a turn of phrase!"
Nicole says: "Only in this family could that ever be literal."
Richard says: "But if it goes, all my memories would go too!"
Nicole says: "Honey, listen to me."
Nicole says: "It's just an object!"
Nicole says: "You'll still remember all those things without it!"
Granny Jojo says: "No, Richard!"
Granny Jojo says: "Listen to me!"
Granny Jojo says: "You'll always have your memories!"
Granny Jojo says: "You don't need to hang on to possessions!"
Nicole says: "Hang on, wait- we're saying the same thing here!"
Nicole says: "Honey, trust us!"
Granny Jojo says: "Honey, trust us!"
Nicole says: "You don't need the fridge!"
Granny Jojo says: "You don't need the fridge!"
Richard says: "Well..."
Richard says: "if it's important enough for you guys to agree, then I guess you must be right!"
Richard says: "Stand back!"
Richard says: "I'm gonna jump!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Granny Jojo says: "No!"
Nicole says: "The ice isn't strong enough!"
Granny Jojo says: "The ice isn't strong enough!"
Richard takes a deep breath and steadies himself against the ice. He takes a leap, and lands safely in front of Nicole and Granny Jojo.
Richard says: "See?"
Granny Jojo says: "Just take it!"
They pull Richard up. He smiles.
Returning the Fridge.
Richard, Nicole, and Granny Jojo are at the Awesome Store, returning the fridge. Richard, soaking wet, loads the new fridge on top of the car.
Richard says: "Thanks for the trade-in!"
Van shopkeeper says: "Anything for my best customers."
Van shopkeeper says: "Oh, and I'm sorry you found it so..."
Van shopkeeper says: "traumatic."
Nicole says: "Oh, no no no, that's a..."
Nicole says: "he's just..."
Nicole says: "defrosting."
Nicole says: "Now, you're sure this one's just a regular fridge?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Yes."
Granny Jojo says: "And it won't trap him in a wistful prison of ice and nostalgia?"
Van shopkeeper says: "No."
Richard says: "All right."
Nicole says: "All right."
Granny Jojo says: "All right."
Van shopkeeper says: "Oh, wait!"
Van shopkeeper says: "There is one thing--oh, they've gone."