Gumball's New Body.
Gumball and Darwin walk into the locker room.
Gumball says: "Hey, Darwin, I think I'm getting leaner."
Gumball says: "Can you see my abs?"
Gumball says: "I feel like I have a new one."
Darwin says: "Mmm, no."
Darwin says: "But your bummy looks pretty ripped."
Gumball says: "My what, now?"
Darwin says: "Bummy."
Darwin says: "How your butt turns into your tummy."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "I call it my gutootie!"
Gumball says: "Looks pretty buff when I suck it in."
Gumball says: "All right, now to get dressed."
Gumball says: "Please engage locker room anti-peripheral vision."
Camera zooms in; both begin grunting while changing.
Gumball says: "Okay, re-engage non-awkward eye line protocol."
Camera zooms out; Gumball has a thread tied around his body.
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Um, you look like a cross between a '90s R&B diva and a pork roast."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Re-engage eye line."
Camera zooms into Gumball's face.
Gumball says: "Better?"
Gumball's ears and crotch area are tied by the thread.
Darwin says: "If by "better," you mean a really inappropriate birthday gift."
Darwin says: "That's just a piece of string."
Darwin says: "You must have gotten someone else's gym bag."
Gumball says: "Well, what am I supposed to wear?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball walks home naked with Darwin. Gumball is wearing the bag on his head, while his crotch is censored.
Darwin Dude, maybe you should have worn that bag a little lower down. Not everyone knows about our eye line protocol thing.
Idaho approaches Gumball and Darwin; Idaho gasps, then explodes.
The USB.
Gumball says: "Whose bag is this, anyway?"
Gumball says: "There's nothing in here except for this."
Darwin says: "A USB stick?"
Gumball says: "Okay, let's see what's on here."
Gumball says: "How about this one?"
Gumball says: ""Love."
Darwin says: ""Love."
Gumball clicks on a file titled "LOVE.jpg"; a video starts playing.
Gumball says: "Got a very strong taste of cheese, my eyes keep rolling in annoyance,  and I can't stop face-slapping."
Gumball says: "Alan!"
Darwin says: "Oh, it's Alan's stuff."
Darwin says: "That explains the string."
Darwin says: "Should we take a sneaky peek at his private photos?"
Gumball says: ""Total Serenity."
Gumball pulls up a picture of Carmen and Alan camping; then notices Tony naked in the background.
Gumball says: ""A Beautiful Spot."
Pulls up another picture of Carmen and Alan at the beach, but notices a dog about to do its business in the background.
Darwin says: "To relieve yourself."
Both laugh.
Alan Keane's Vision.
Gumball says: "Okay, what's this?"
Gumball says: ""My Vision" By Alan Keane."
Gumball says: "A manifesto on how I will gain the power I need to purge Elmore Junior High of its greatest problem."
Gumball says: "WHAT?!"
Darwin says: "WHAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Is this for real?"
Darwin says: "You better read it."
Gumball says: ""To become school president, I might need to work a little on my appearance."
Gumball says: "The more serious a leader..."
Gumball's voice turns into Alan's voice, as he reads his vision.
Alan​​​​​ says: "..."
Alan​​​​​ says: "a leader looks, the more seriously he will be taken."
Alan​​​​​ says: "But then just a hint of an accent for approachability."
Scene cuts to Felix playing chess with Alan.
Alan​​​​​ says: "Then, I'll need to develop my strategic mind."
Alan​​​​​ says: "A leader must be thinking at least two steps ahead."
He picks up chess piece of the king; he drops it. The chess piece falls to its side, unintentionally signifying a resignation.
Alan​​​​​ says: "You see, people are a lot like pawns in a chess game, and you need to know how to influence them."
Scene cuts to Alan, outside with Clayton.
Clayton says: "Hey, you're right!"
Clayton says: "It's a great idea!"
Clayton says: "You should apply!"
Alan​​​​​ says: "What?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "Little ol' me?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "But, I'm just a simple country boy from the sticks."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Now, what would I know about them there politics?"
Clayton says: "Nah, you'd make a great school president."
Alan​​​​​ says: "The best way to achieve your goal is to make people think it was their idea."
Clayton says: "Uh, who are you talking to?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "That is not something you need to worry about."
Clayton says: "Okay!"
Alan picks up Clayton.
Clayton says: "Well, all I was saying is that you would make a great school president, Alan!"
Alan drops him on the bench with Teri, eavesdropping aside.
Teri says: "Hmm, that's a good idea!"
Teri says: "It is now my idea."
Scene cuts to Teri talking with Masami, Penny, Carmen, and Sarah; Alan is eavesdropping aside.
Teri says: "So, all I'm saying is that Alan would make a great school president."
As all the girls talk in agreement, Alan turns to the fourth wall.
Alan​​​​​ says: "You see, people just love to take credit for other people's ideas."
Sarah, knowing this idea, runs to Tobias and Juke.
Sarah says: "Alan would make a great school president."
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Hmm."
Juke says: "Hmm."
Tobias runs to Bobert, Jamie, and Idaho.
Tobias​​​​​ says: "Alan would make a great school president!"
Bobert runs to Banana Joe, holding a milkshake.
Bobert says: "Alan would make a great school president."
Banana Joe says: "Hmm."
Banana Joe says: "Surely, once you're done shaking it, it should be called a milkshook."
Alan​​​​​ says: "But sadly, not every pawn on the chessboard can be used."
Alan is shown holding Banana Joe, and he drops him in the dumpster.
Alan​​​​​ says: "The next step is to motivate people to react."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Nothing brings about change more quickly than crisis."
Gumball and Darwin walk in the hallway.
Gumball says: "Grade tax?"
Gumball takes a poster printed with the words "GRADE TAX".
Gumball says: ""Your grades will be taxed to provide better grades for the less academically gifted."
Gumball says: "" What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Dude, you would totally benefit from that system."
Gumball says: "Tax is like shared food in a picnic."
Gumball says: "I'm not bringing the ham if everyone else bringing the salad!"
Darwin says: "No, you're more likely to bring the wasps."
Gumball says: "I am not gonna stand for it!"
Darwin says: "See if you got a legal and possible alternative?"
Gumball says: "Hmm, nah."
Gumball says: "I'm just gonna  RIOT!"
Students riot by throwing school property and arson the school hallway; Principal Brown, Mr. Small, and Mr. Corneille are scared, standing in the lounge.
Nigel Brown says: "This is terrible!"
Tobias appears in front of the screen.
Tobias​​​​​ says: "I'm unhappy with something, but I don't know what it is, so I'm just gonna smash everything up!"
Nigel Brown says: "Their argument is sound, though."
Moonchild Corneille says: "But we weren't even gonna tax their grades."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh yeah."
Nigel Brown says: "Counter-riot!!!"
Principal Brown smashes everything in the lounge; scene cuts back to reality, with Gumball smashing imaginary objects in the bedroom.
Darwin says: "You do realize we're just reading his journal where none of this is real?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, but this is exactly how it would happen if it was happening."
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: ""The next step is to stand as a candidate myself and offer a solution."
Scene cuts to Alan on stage, with signs popping out, saying "ALAN FOR PRESIDENT!" Alan floats above a podium, speaking through a microphone.
Alan​​​​​ says: "The people have awoken."
Alan​​​​​ says: "We must all stand together; let me be your voice and tell those in charge that we have had enough!"
Students applaud; Alan clears his throat and acquires mechanical arms.
Alan​​​​​ says: "Let us think one moment and realize it is time to change."
Alan​​​​​ says: "We must march forward, look to the future, and see that the time of celebration is now!"
Alan​​​​​ says: "And if I don't deliver that for you, you may strike me down!"
Alan​​​​​ says: "Vote for me."
Students applaud; scene cuts to walls covered with propaganda-like posters reading "VOTE FOR ALAN" except one, saying "VOTE FOR BANANA JOE".
Alan​​​​​ says: "The next step is: a subtle advertising campaign will help me stand out from my competitors."
Alan puts up a poster, while Banana Joe walks on-screen.
Banana Joe says: "Huh?"
Banana Joe says: ""DON'T LET ELMORE SLIP UP!"
Banana Joe says: "BOYCOTT BANANA JOE?"
Banana Joe says: "" What the—"
Hector steps on Banana Joe, and slips up. Leslie enters the scene while Hector is still in mid-air.
Leslie​​​​​ says: ""DON'T LET THE EVIL TAKE ROOT!"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "PROTECT THE YOUTH?"
Leslie​​​​​ says: "" What the—"
Leslie gets crushed by Hector. A poster depicting Hector holding a child flies onto the screen.
Hector says: ""ONCE HE HAS FINISHED EATING EVERYTHING IN THE CAFETERIA, WHO WILL BE NEXT?"
Tobias, Felix, Sarah, and Carmen walk in front of Hector, promoting Alan. Alan floats on-screen.
Alan​​​​​ says: "Once selected, I will parch the school of its worst problem, namely sadness."
Scene cuts back to Gumball and Darwin in the bedroom.
Darwin says: "That doesn't sound so bad."
Scene cuts back to Alan.
Alan​​​​​ says: "By forcibly sending sad people to happy camps."
Scene cuts back to Gumball and Darwin in the bedroom; Gumball and Darwin cringe. After, scene cuts to a simple demonstration of a happy camp protocol.
Alan​​​​​ says: "We will select those people who need a smile on their face, and we will fix them."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Inside the facility, they will be exposed to only joyful thoughts."
Alan​​​​​ says: "We will monitor their progress with round-the-clock CCTV, and they will partake in happy, healthy activities."
Alan​​​​​ says: "We will continue the process until every person in Elmore Junior High bears a warm smile on their face."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Anyone who strays from the path of true happiness will be corrected."
Alan​​​​​ says: "My vision is for there to be a happy camp in every town, state, and country across the world."
Scene cuts to reality. Gumball and Darwin's jaws literally drop down the stairs. Gumball tries to speak, but his speech is indistinct.
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball and Darwin roll their jaws back up.
Gumball says: "If the road to oblivion is paved with good intentions, Alan is about to build a freeway."
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "What would you do if you had a chance to stop the worst dictator the world has ever seen, while he was still a kid?"
Darwin says: "You mean—"
Darwin makes a signal, signifying they have to kill him. Gumball nods and makes another signal. Darwin does the same thing. This goes on for a few times until the following occurs.
Darwin says: "Too much?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
The Mission.
Scene cuts to Elmore Junior High. Gumball and Darwin are in a locker.
Gumball says: "Our mission, should we choose to accept it, is to take out Alan before Alan takes over the world."
Gumball says: "Should we get captured or eliminated, any knowledge of our mission will be denied."
Gumball says: "This message will self-destruct in ten seconds."
Gumball says: "Good luck."
Gumball says: "Okay, we can get out now."
Darwin says: "We can't!"
Darwin says: "The door's locked!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean it's locked?"
Darwin says: "Dude, it's not called a locker for nothing!"
They struggle to get out.
Gumball says: "We should've done this outside."
The bomb explodes. Scene cuts to Alan innocently floating through the school hallway. Gumball is in a vent with a pin. He waits above the vent opening while Alan goes into Gumball's desired spot. As soon as he can pop Alan with his pin, he opens the vent opening and jumps through, but he fails, for his head is too big to fit through the vent opening.
Gumball says: "Curse this big head!"
Darwin tries sniping him with a blow dart gun.
Darwin says: "Activate sniper mode."
He puts in the dart, aims for him, and extends his eye to a sniper-like shape. He tries to aim at him, but his sniper eye aims all over the place.
Gumball says: "Dude, what are you doing?"
Gumball says: "There he is!"
He tries shooting, but ends up sucking the dart and choking on it. He falls. Walking behind Alan, Gumball pushes the students and steals a stapler from Mr. Corneille.
Gumball says: "Goodbye, Alan."
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhh."
He triggers the stapler on the wrong side, and the staple shoots to his forehead. He falls. Darwin uses a laser pointer to burn Alan. He checks on it to see if it is working, but on the wrong side, and he ends up burning his foot.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
He falls. Scene cuts to Alan in the bathroom. Using gloves to eliminate his tracks, Gumball tries to strangle his string, but it does not kill him. He fails. Darwin puts a pin on his chair whenever he goes to class. But since Alan does not sit on the chair but floats above it, he is not killed. Darwin fails. Gumball pushes Alan out the window. Obviously, he fails. Scene cuts to the school library. Gumball tries to pop him using the pin, but fails.
Gumball says: "Oh, why can't I do it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Maybe it's your conscience."
Gumball says: "Weird."
Gumball says: "It's never been an issue before."
Darwin says: "The truth is, we can't judge someone on their actions he's yet to commit, no matter how bad we think they are."
Alan​​​​​ says: "Are you guys gonna tell me what's going on here?"
Gumball says: "We read your plans to take over the school, and we know all about your evil happy camps!"
Alan​​​​​ says: "What do you mean, evil?"
Alan​​​​​ says: "I want to become school president so I can help those students who feel a bit down and offer them a chance to go the Lake Camp at weekends!"
Gumball says: "Oh..."
Gumball says: "Oh, right..."
Alan​​​​​ says: "So you can stop trying to assassinate me now."
Gumball says: "Oh,  we literally thought that you were a dictator and conquer the world."
Darwin says: "Yeah, sorry."
Darwin says: "But your plan was so convincing."
Darwin says: "You could've definitely pulled it off."
Gumball says: "Well, I guess all that's left to do is laugh at how silly we've been."
Alan Keane's New Vision.
Alan​​​ says: ""MY NEW VISION."
He types "by Alan Keane".
Alan​​​ says: ""A manifesto on how to forcibly seize power and eradicate sadness across the globe."
He laughs evilly. But then Gumball enters and pops him with the pin.
Gumball says: "Should've let us leave the room first."
Episode ends.