Race for the Computer!
The episode begins with Gumball, Darwin and Anais sleeping. Soon, the alarm clock rings, making them bolt upright.
Anais says: "IT'S MY TURN!"
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "THE COMPUTER IS MINE!"
Darwin says: "NO!"
Darwin says: "IT'S MY TURN!"
They fight for the computer, but Gumball manages to claim the chair. However, just before he lands in the chair, Darwin quickly throws a pencil holder containing sharpened pencils onto the chair. Gumball sheds a single tear as he lands on the pencils.
Gumball says: "Good move, but I can take it."
Gumball turns on the computer, but there is a prompt for password.
Gumball says: "Password?"
Darwin says: "Password?"
Anais says: "Password?"
Darwin says: "But who?"
Richard pushes away the open door behind the kids, revealing himself. He closes it.
Richard says: "I did it."
Gumball says: "Have you just spent the whole night hiding behind that door for dramatic effect?"
Richard says: "No."
Darwin says: "Then why does it looks like your bladder is about to explode?"
Richard is evidently desperate to go to the bathroom, with his legs crossed and everything.
Richard says: "You kids spend too much time on that thing!"
Richard says: "You should be playing outside."
Gumball says: "Why do I have a feeling that you sound like Mom right now?"
Richard says: "Uh..."
Nicole's arm comes through the door, and gives Richard a note to read.
Richard says: ""Your mother has nothing to do with this!"
Richard says: "I take full responsibility for being the bad cop this time."
Richard says: "Read this, or you sleep on the couch tonight."
Nicole closes the door.
Richard says: "Sorry, guys, you know she can be a real dragon sometimes."
Nicole says: "I HEARD THAT!"
Fire, presumably from Nicole, seeps through the door. Richard exits the room.
What's the Password?
Gumball finds himself sitting on air while Anais tries to guess the password. Gumball pulls Anais still on the computer seat towards the door.
Anais says: "But it's my turn!"
Gumball takes her out the room and dumps her onto the floor.
Anais says: "Uh!"
Anais says: "HEY!"
Anais says: "C'mon, you promised!"
Darwin says: "Try the word "Password."
Gumball says: "Ha, c'mon."
Gumball says: "Even dad's not that dumb."
Darwin raises one eyebrow. Gumball types "password", but the password is incorrect.
Gumball says: "Ha, it can't be that complicated."
Gumball says: "Let's just use our heads."
Gumball and Darwin bang their heads on the keyboard until a password clue appears.
Gumball says: ""Password clue: favorite child?"
Gumball says: "Ooh… ah… ouch."
Gumball says: "Sorry man."
Gumball says: "This is awkward."
Gumball types his name in the password box, but the password is still incorrect.
Gumball says: "What the what!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "This moment is so much bigger than me."
Darwin says: "I would like to thank my parents, and my manager."
Darwin, while crying, types his name in the password box, but the password is incorrect.
Anais is banging on the door in the background.
Gumball says: "Well if it's not you, and it's not me, then who could the favorite child be?"
Anais still banging on the door in the background is heard.
Anais says: "Come on, guys!"
Anais says: "I've got real work to do."
Anais says: "You just waste time on Elmore Plus!"
Gumball and Darwin run to the door.
Gumball says: "Anais, who would dad's favorite child be if it wasn't me or Darwin?"
Gumball and Darwin both gasp and run back to the computer.
Gumball enters "Anais" in the password box. He presses enter and the password is correct.
Darwin says: "Yes!"
Darwin does a victory dance.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "A victory dance, we cracked the password!"
Gumball turns off the computer.
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter."
Gumball says: "Don't you get it?"
Gumball says: "Anais is the favorite child."
Darwin says: "Yeah, but—"
Darwin says: "oh."
Darwin does a sad dance.
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Darwin says: "It's a sad dance."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball joins in with Darwin's sad dance.
Who Is the Favorite?
Gumball, Darwin, Anais, and Richard are at the table eating breakfast.
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "So here's the plan to get me to be the favorite!"
Darwin interrupts Gumball.
Darwin says: "Wait, why do you get to be the favorite?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, because, you're..."
Gumball says: "you know?"
Gumball says: "Technically..."
Gumball says: "from a biological point of view-  you know..."
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "No, actually, I don't."
Darwin says: "Why don't you tell me?"
Gumball says: "It's because you're..."
Gumball says: "already my favorite!"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin slowly forces a smile.
Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Gumball says: "I knew it would work."
Darwin says: "Darn you."
Gumball says: "Anyway, I'm not the enemy."
Gumball says: "Look at her over there, acting all innocent."
Gumball says: "She knows she's the favorite."
Darwin says: "Maybe we're overreacting."
Gumball says: "Overreacting?"
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "-Sandwiches!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No, sentences."
Anais says: "Sandwich?"
Anais says: "Sure!"
Anais says: "See you later!"
Richard eats her sandwich.
Gumball says: "Sandwiches as well?"
Gumball pauses to let Darwin finish his sentence. Darwin does not grasp this, and there a long pause. Gumball sighs.
Darwin says: "Sentences!"
Gumball says: "This is so unfair."
Gumball says: "Why is she the favorite, anyway?"
Darwin says: "Well, maybe because she's nice to him."
Gumball says: "Well, let's be even nicer!"
Being Nice.
Both Gumball and Darwin smile freakishly at Richard, who is reading a newspaper. He notices their smiles. He smiles back. They continue freakishly smiling at him. Richard is disturbed and covers his face with the newspaper.
Richard says: "Uh..."
Richard says: "I'm gonna make another sandwich!"
Gumball says: "Please dad, sit down."
Gumball says: "We'll do it-wait!"
Gumball says: "Even better, we'll carry you there!"
Richard says: "No wait, a-  P-please put me down!"
Gumball and Darwin carry Richard back to the table.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "Put him in his chair."
They dump him on the floor, missing his chair. Richard's large tooth gets stuck in the table.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Sorry, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Richard tries to pull his tooth out. Gumball comes back from the kitchen, carrying a very large and tall sandwich.
Gumball says: "And sorry for keeping you waiting."
Gumball says: "Here you go."
Gumball says: "An all-you-can-eat sandwich!"
Richard says: "How do you know I deserve it?"
Gumball says: "Well, of course you deserve it."
Darwin pulls Richard's ears, getting his tooth out of the table.
Gumball says: "-let us help you!"
Gumball says: "I think he's trying to say something."
Richard continues choking on the sandwich.
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Gumball says: "It's a bit dry."
Gumball says: "Here, have some mayo!"
Gumball squirts lots of mayonnaise into Richard's mouth. The mayo starts spilling from his nose, mouth and eyes.
Darwin says: "Dude, he's choking."
Gumball and Darwin run around, panicking. They calm down and decide what to do.
Darwin says: "Do the Heimlich maneuver!"
Gumball attempts to wrap his arms around Richard.
Gumball says: "I-I cant!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "That's not a very nice word."
Gumball says: "H-he's got too much personality!"
Darwin says: "Come on!"
The two go on top of the table.
Darwin says: "Three, two, one!"
They both jump at the same time on Richard's belly. Richard continuously spews all the contents of the large sandwich he was fed in a fountain. Gumball and Darwin still on his belly watch the seemingly unending fountain.
A Nice Hot Bath.
Gumball says: "Dad, we're sorry about the sandwich thing, so we ran you a bath."
Richard says: "But I don't need a bath!"
Gumball says: "Don't be silly."
Gumball says: "Just try it!"
Richard says: "I don't know."
Richard says: "All these candles and the water on the floor doesn't seem-AH!"
Richard slips on a bar of soap, and tumbles into the shower curtain. A candle falling on the curtain sets him on fire. Richard panics, and jumps into the bathtub.
Richard says: "Aaaahhh."
Richard says: "Hot."
Richard says: "Hot!"
Richard says: "HOOOOOOOOOOOT!!"
Saving Richard From a Dog.
Richard, now completely red, sneaks down the stairs, then hides behind the couch and looks around. He runs outside and enters his car.
Richard says: "Ah, finally."
Richard says: "Some peace and quiet."
A dog appears behind him in the backseat, and starts attacking him.
Darwin says: "So, remind me again how this is supposed to work?"
Gumball says: "It's easy."
Gumball says: "You put him in a perilous situation, and then save him."
Gumball says: "Then we become his favorites."
Darwin says: "Oh, that makes sense."
Gumball says: "Pass me the diversion device."
Darwin gives Gumball a piece of steak.
Gumball Don't worry, Dad! We'll save you! Whistles and throws the steak across the street.
Richard chases the steak like a dog and gets hit by a car offscreen.
Gumball says: "This isn't working, we need to take a different approach."
Anais Saying Bad Things About Richard.
Gumball and Darwin show Richard show an edited video made of various clips of Anais talking.
Anais says: "My dad is a -- dork!"
Anais says: "-- He looks like -- a leg of -- ham -- in a pink -- leotard -- and smells like -- the underside of a - watch strap!"
Richard is clearly dismayed at this.
Gumball says: "Ah, I know."
Gumball says: "Not such a cute little bunny after all."
Darwin says: "It's okay, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Darwin says: "We're here for you."
The TV shows a recording of Darwin explaining the plan.
Darwin says: "Ah ha ha!"
Darwin says: "This is a great idea!"
Darwin says: "Then we can make it look like she's saying bad things about Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, when she didn't!"
Darwin says: "Oh wait, is this thing still on?"
Richard says: "THAT'S IT!"
Richard says: "I'VE HAD WITH YOU TWO!"
Richard says: "You've choked me!"
Richard says: "You've burned me!"
Richard says: "The steak you fed me was undercooked!"
Richard says: "I think I need to tell you off, but I've never been the bad cop before!"
Richard says: "What would your mother do?!"
Richard says: "!"
Darwin says: "She would tell us to go to our room."
Richard says: "THANK YOU!"
Richard says: "THAT'S REALLY HELPFUL!"
Richard says: "NOW GO TO YOUR ROOM!"
Gumball says: "LOOK!"
Gumball says: "We've been nice to you all day, okay?"
Gumball says: "We've tried everything, but nothing works!"
Gumball says: "Well you know what, dad?"
Gumball says: "You're only our second favorite parent anyway!"
Richard is hurt by this comment.
The scene cuts to the Wattersons eating dinner. Richard, Gumball, and Darwin are still in bad moods.
Nicole says: "So..."
Nicole says: "You guys have a good day?"
Nicole says: "Richard, did you have a good day?"
Richard says: "DOES IT MATTER?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "WHATEVER I DO, I'LL ALWAYS BE THE BAD COP, AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE THE FAVORITE!"
Nicole says: "Favorite?"
Nicole says: "What are you talking about?"
Richard says: "It's easy for you."
Nicole says: "Richard, parenting is not a competition!"
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "Afraid you'll lose?"
Richard says: "OH YEAH?"
Richard says: "You two, in the car, NOW!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Richard says: "Because there's only one way to guarantee your children's affection."
Richard says: "YOU BUY IT!"
Richard says: "Boys, I'm getting you a new computer!"
Nicole says: "Oh no you're not!"
Richard says: "Why not?"
Nicole says: "'CAUSE I'M GONNA DO IT FIRST!"
Nicole speeds outside with Gumball and Darwin. Richard chases her but returns to grab all the food on the table.
Richard vs Nicole.
Nicole straps in Gumball and Darwin, but Richard grabs them and throws them in his car, all without removing them from the other car's seatbelts.
Richard says: "Everybody strapped in?"
Richard says: "Good!"
Richard says: "Let's go!"
Richard starts to drive.
Nicole says: "Okay!"
Nicole says: "Everybody ready?"
Nicole tries to turn the car around, but Gumball and Darwin are pulled back into the car by the seatbelts, destroying one of the doors. Richard returns, grabs the kids again, stops to laugh at Nicole, then drives off. Nicole soon follows.
Nicole says: "Kids!"
Nicole says: "Kids!"
Nicole says: "Just jump across!"
Gumball says: "No, because that would be insane."
Nicole Yes, fair point. Speeds up a little Richard, stop the car! This is stupid!
Richard says: "If it's stupid, why don't you stop first?"
Nicole says: "Alright, I will!"
Nicole says: "You kids have your seatbelts on?"
They whimper in response, and she speeds off. She turns the car around, and smashes into Richard. Shee gets out and hops onto Richard's car like a ninja.
Nicole says: "Kids, close your eyes!"
They do what she says, and she grabs them through the windows. She returns to her car, kids in tow, and drives off. Richard outmaneuvers her, and blocks her way with his car. While this is happening, Gumball and Darwin bump into each other as Nicole swerves the car left and right, looking for an opening.
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "This is going too far!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, but look on the bright side: on the astronomically slim chance we survive this, we get a new computer!"
The two cars drive near a truck with a ramp on the road. Richard continues blocking Nicole.
Richard says: "Just give me the kids, Nicole."
Richard says: "There's nowhere else to go!"
Nicole says: "Oh really?"
Nicole says: "Hold on, kids!"
Nicole says: "We're taking a detour!"
She drives over the truck's ramp, and Richard gapes as her car flies through the air. Nicole's car lands in the opposite lane, and she finds Richard is nowhere to be seen.
Nicole says: "Woohoo!"
Nicole says: "Huh, that was a little tense."
Nicole says: "Why don't we calm down with a game?"
Gumball says: "Truck!"
{{|Darwin}} says: "Truck!"
Nicole says: "No, it begins with an "M."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Massive truck!"
Darwin says: "Massive truck!"
Nicole says: "No, it's magpie-- Aaaaaah!"
She screams as she barely avoids a large truck. She breaks through the guardrail onto the other lane, and slams into Richard's car. They both pull into a gas station, and calmly refuel. .
Nicole says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Uh, Richard, do you have the card?"
Richard says: "Sure."
Nicole says: "Thanks."
She gets in her car, and drives away laughing. Richard hurriedly gets back in his car, throwing money at the pump, and drives off without taking off the hose. Back the road, the gas station can be seen exploding in the distance.
Richard says: "I'm not giving up, Nicole!"
Richard says: "So?"
The front tires of his car come off. Nicole arrives at the stores, and parks. She rushes into a video store, dragging her kids.
Gumball says: "No, mom, wait!"
Gumball says: "Stop, this is crazy!"
Nicole locks down the store.
Gumball says: "Uh, the best one's in the middle."
Nicole takes a computer, and rushes to the counter.
Gumball says: "No, mom!"
Larry says: "Hey!"
Larry says: "What's going on!"
Larry says: "?"
Nicole says: "No time to explain!"
Nicole says: "Just let me pay for this!"
Richard crashes his car into the store, and wrestles with Nicole for the computer.
Nicole says: "Forget it, I was here first!"
They fight for it until Darwin stops them.
Darwin says: "STOP!"
Darwin says: "Look at yourselves."
Darwin says: "We don't care about the computer, we just want our parents to get along."
Gumball says: "Or both."
Nicole says: "Oh gosh, you're right!"
Nicole says: "I'm so sorry, Richard."
Richard says: "No, I'm sorry."
Richard says: "You were right."
Richard says: "Parenting isn't a competition."
Nicole says: "We can take it in turns to be the favorite, and the bad cop."
Nicole says: "Thanks Larry, but we don't need a new computer."
Gumball says: "Goshdarnit!"
Richard says: "Yeah, we've got each other."
Larry says: "Awww."
Larry says: "I'm so glad you guys aren't fighting anymore, 'cause SOMEBODY HAS TO PAY FOR ALL THIS!"
Nicole says: "Oh of course."
Nicole says: "Allow me."
Nicole says: "Oops!"
Larry bends over behind the counter to pick up what Nicole had dropped.
Larry says: "Wait a minute."
Larry says: "This is a cracker."
The Wattersons are gone.
Larry says: "Ohhh, you gotta be kidding me-!"
The One Behind It.
Back at home, Nicole and Richard are with Gumball and Darwin.
Nicole says: "Well, I guess the important thing is you know there's no favorite in this family."
Nicole says: "Never was, never will be."
Darwin says: "So, are you gonna change the password on the computer now, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad?"
Richard says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "Oh, you know."
Gumball says: ""Anais," favorite child?"
Gumball says: "It's the password."
Richard says: "No it isn't."
Richard says: "The password is "Password"."
Richard says: "Crafty, huh?"
Gumball says: "But who else could have changed the-  Clever girl..."
Gumball and Darwin run to their room, and find Anais using the computer. They gasp.
Anais says: "Nyeh, it's all yours, guys."
Anais says: "I've been on it all day."
Anais says: "Oh, good luck logging in."
Anais says: "I changed the password."
Gumball and Darwin stare at her, turning red with rage and growling as she walks by casually and coolly. Rock music plays, and Gumball and Darwin explode as she walks towards the camera unflinchingly. Episode ends.