Pillow Fight.
Gumball and Darwin are pillow fighting.
Gumball says: "A formidable plan."
Gumball says: "Commence attack."
Anais says: "Hi-ya!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais laugh. Nicole enters the room.
Nicole says: "What are you doing?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "You're gonna miss the school bus."
The school bus' horn sound off-screen as it arrives.
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "where are they?"
Nicole looks out the window, showing Gumball and Darwin instantly outside, quickly getting on the school bus, which then leaves.
Anais says: "I think you lost them at "Throw them through the window."
Anais says: ""  Alright, what was your quip?"
Nicole says: "You just got bus-ted."
Anais says: "Meh, would've been better if you'd said: "You just got schooled."
Nicole says: "You just got—"
Anais says: "It's too late now."
School.
Bell rings.
Darwin sneezes two times.
Gumball says: "Dude, what is that?"
Gumball says: "You've been doing it all morning."
Darwin says: "Sneezing."
Darwin says: "Can't you tell?"
Gumball says: "Not really."
Gumball says: "You sound like the world's angriest baby."
Gumball says: "What's wrong with you?"
Darwin says: "My throat is itchy,."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Sounds like worms."
Gumball says: "I think you've got worms."
Gumball says: "Just squat over a bowl of milk, and whistle till they come out."
Darwin says: "No dude, I think I'm allergic to something."
Gumball says: "Don't worry my friend!"
Gumball says: "Whatever it is, we will find."
Gumball says: "And we will not rest until we find you a cure!"
Gumball says: "And you will be rid of this terrible affliction!"
Gumball says: "I promise."
Outside.
Outside, Gumball and Darwin are sitting on a bench while Gumball is playing a digital game.
Darwin says: "So, When?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "When what?"
Darwin sneezes off Gumball' s gamepad.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "That."
Gumball says: "Well, now I guess."
The Nurse's Office.
Teri says: "So the symptoms are a weird, empty sensation in my stomach; the feeling of light-headedness; and unusual amount of saliva in my mouth when I think of food."
Teri says: "I checked on the internet, and apparently it might be something called the G-Virus, which can only be cured by cutting off the infected part or the removal of the brain."
Joan says: "Hmm."
Joan says: "I'm gonna prescribe two weeks off, and a couple of heavy sedatives a day for six weeks."
Teri says: "Ah, thank you."
Joan says: "No, that's for me."
Joan says: "What you just described is called being hungry."
Joan says: "Now for the last time, please get out of my office so I can curl up under my desk and revise my career choices."
Teri says: "But I told you, I need—"
Gumball and Darwin walk in.
Gumball says: "Uh, hi."
Gumball says: "Darwin can't stop sneezing..."
Joan says: "Just a sec."
Joan says: "How can I help you?"
Darwin sneezes and causes a nearby chart to move.
Joan says: "Right."
Joan says: "Sounds like a simple allergy."
Joan says: "Just hold it in, and get back to class."
Darwin says: "Oh okay."
Teri says: "You should never hold a sneeze, it's very dangerous!"
Teri says: "You could pop a blood vessel, or even worse."
Gumball says: "Is she right?"
Joan says: "What she is is a pain in the neck who makes my job a nightmare."
Joan says: "Have a nice day."
Gumball says: "Aren't you suppose to take care of kids who are ill?"
Joan says: "Have a nice day!"
Gumball says: "But we still don't know what he's allergic too."
Joan says: "HAVE A NICE DAY!"
Gumball says: "I feel like you're trying to tell us something."
Joan says: "HAVE A NICE—"
Darwin sneezes, launching the School Nurse into a cabinet. The cabinet falls down, and squishes her.
Gumball says: "I'll never know what she was gonna say now."
Darwin says: "What are we gonna to do?"
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "We're gonna need to find an alternative to traditional medicine."
They hear the sound of rapid footsteps. Mr. Small rushes into the office, demolishing the door.
Mister Small says: "Did I hear someone talk about alternative medicine?"
Counselor's Office.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Alternative medicines are often ridiculed for being a bunch of magic baloney practiced by gang of almost criminal bozos."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "But look at me,  you can tell right away, it is no laughing matter."
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's definitely a bit sad."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "So the plan is to clean your energy by absorbing the toxins with the power of this unbreakable crystal."
Mr. Small accidentally drops the crystal and it breaks into two; he picks up each piece.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "The power of these two unbreakable crystals."
Gumball says: "How does that work?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I don't know, the magazine this came with went bankrupt after two editions."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I'll just, uh, do this."
Mr. Small puts the crystals onto Darwin's nostrils.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "How does that feel?"
Darwin says: "Good!"
Darwin says: "I think—"
Darwin sneezes, launching the crystals. They fly out of the window, and hit Rocky, who is cutting leaves off the tree top, and he falls down.
Rocky says: "I'm not okay!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Don't worry!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I've got a diploma in the ancient art of acupuncture."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I bought it in the internet."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "It came with a scuba diving license, and a dog breeding permit."
Counselor's Office 2.
Mr. Small puts acupuncture pins all over Darwin's body.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Ee!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Ah, not there!"
Darwin says: "OH!"
Gumball says: "Well, on a pain scale of one to ten this looks like it would score at least uh, "somebody please finish me off every second of my tragic existence is pure agony."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Don't worry!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Acupuncture's completely painless."
Darwin says: "You're right, I can't feel pain, or anything from the neck down."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah, I couldn't remember the exact energy points I needed to strike."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "So, better safe than sorry."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "But hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "At least it worked!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "You haven't sneezed for a whole—"
Darwin sneezes, and the acupuncture pins hit Gumball and Mr. Small. Gumball deflates.
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "I can smell dancing, and taste purple."
Gumball says: "Are there gonna be more side-effects?"
Darwin then sneezes and flies out the door.
The Courtyard.
Darwin's sneezes could be heard. His sneezes are getting more destructive. One of his sneezes push Gumball near a wall. Some playing cards fly with him, and impale the concrete wall.
Gumball says: "I think the best thing to do is just ignore it."
Gumball says: "I mean how bad can it get?"
Gumball tries to pull out a card that is stuck on the wall.
Gumball says: "Do you have any nines?"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "Go-fish."
Gumball says: "It's the other people that I'm worried about."
Gumball says: "I think your allergy is starting to seriously get on their nerves."
Darwin sneezes again, making the cards fly away like knives.
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Shows the Eggheads. The cards are stuck on their backs.  Darwin sneezes again, making Tobias' colors fly off and replace Banana Joe's own colors. He sneezes again, and makes Sarah's head bump into Teri's face.
Teri says: "AH!"
Teri says: "I'm lactose intolerant!"
Teri says: "Probably..."
Darwin sneezes again. Principal Brown who was watching the effects of Darwin's sneezes through a window is knocked down by Idaho.
The Watterson Car.
Richard picks up Gumball and Darwin, and Darwin sneezes and makes Richard accidentally reverse the car, hitting Marvin.
Marvin says: "That hurt."
Gumball says: "I can't believe you were suspended for being too dangerous!"
Richard says: "And I can't believe you just ditched school without a proper excuse!"
Gumball says: "Well we are all in this together!"
Gumball says: "If Darwin gets to skip class, so do I!"
Darwin says: "I thought this was about finding what I'm allergic to."
Gumball says: "Yes, that as well."
Anais says: "Well, he's been hanging around with you all day."
Anais says: "So maybe he's allergic to stupidity."
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "It's not nice being mean about people's stupidity, but I'm gonna calm down now because now that I think about it that's actually quite a good theory!"
Anais says: "Uh, is it?"
Gumball says: "Well, yeah."
Gumball says: "It all started with that stupid pillow fight."
Darwin says: "And the more people gave me stupid solutions, the worse it got!"
Anais says: "Hmm."
Anais says: "There must be a way to prove this, but how?"
Richard says: "Hey guys!"
Richard says: "Do you sometimes wonder what tree does cheese come from?"
Darwin sneezes, flipping the car over.
Anais says: "Now we're sure."
The Watterson House.
Nicole says: "Okay, we want to come up with a plan  or any other house for that matter."
Gumball is about to suggest something, but is interrupted by Nicole.
Nicole says: "Gumball, please think before you speak."
Gumball says: "What if—"
Darwin sneezes a huge blast across the neighborhood, demolishing the next seven houses down the line.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Gumball says: "Dude, I didn't even finish my sentence!"
Darwin says: "Sorry, I anticipated."
Anais says: "It was bound to be stupid."
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "We're in a democracy here."
Gumball says: "Can I get a chance to speak please?"
Anais sighs.
Gumball says: "What if he sneezed upwards?"
Gumball says: "Nothing would get damaged!"
Darwin sneezes upward, causing a hole in the roof.
Anais says: "I knew it."
Gumball says: "Mmm."
Nicole says: "Come on, you're the one with all the good genes."
Nicole says: "What should we do?"
Anais says: "Let's move to the desert, there's nothing to destroy there."
To the Desert.
Everyone is getting into the car.
Nicole says: "Alright, we're not going to talk."
Nicole says: "We're just going to listen to the radio."
She turns on the radio.
Radio says: "Worried about your weight?"
Radio says: "Try "H-2-Low," our new diet water."
Radio says: "Twice the taste, half the waste..."
Radio says: "size—"
Anais says: "Diet water?"
Anais says: "That sounds completely stup—"
Darwin sneezes, blowing Richard and Nicole out of the car along, with the front seat.
Gumball says: "I guess we'll be walking."
Darwin sneezes, causing the car to reverse into the car behind it. The car explodes.
Anais says: "Or running!"
Scene skips to Gumball and Anais, pushing Darwin along the sidewalk.
Gumball says: "Come on, man!"
Darwin sneezes, pushing them back.
Gumball and Anais try several ways to push Darwin, while he keeps sending them back with his sneezes.
Anais says: "Let's try the other way around."
Darwin sneezes, causing them all to go forward.
Gumball says: "Hey, that was a pretty good trick, man!"
Gumball says: "Try sneezing down."
Gumball says: "That should propel us straight outta town!"
Darwin sneezes down, causing him, Anais, and Gumball to float in the sky along with other objects. After a while, they fall down. Gumball faceplants.
Gumball says: "Even I admit that was a stupid idea."
Anais says: "And it's gonna get worse!"
Anais says: "RUN!"
They run through the streets as cars and other objects fall down from the sky. A remarkably long trailer truck falls down, and its long body starts crashing on them.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "Let's run away as fast as we can in a straight line!"
As they run away from the crashing body of the truck, they scream. Finally, the whole body crashes down, and they stop running.
Anais says: "I don't know what was more stupid: the fact that that was your solution, or that we just followed you."
Darwin begins to sneeze. He tries to hold it in, but it's too strong.
Gumball says: "I think it was more stupid that you pointed it out."
Darwin turns to a baby in a carriage, and is about to sneeze.
Anais says: "No, don't do it there!"
Gumball takes Darwin and makes him face the truck. The rear doors of the truck open, revealing a baby panda. Gumball turns Darwin away, again pointing him at the direction of the baby. He tries to decide.
Gumball says: "We need to choose!"
Darwin says: "Go for the panda!"
Darwin says: "They've given up on life anyway!"
Anais says: "Wait, over here!"
They plug Darwin into a hole in a nearby fence. He makes a strong sneeze. After he sneezes, Gumball and Anais sigh in relief.
Gumball says: "That was close."
Gumball says: "Good job team!"
They run off. It is revealed that through the other side of the fence, Darwin's sneeze had destroyed a kitten orphanage.
Anais says: "Come on Darwin, we're almost out of town!"
Gumball says: "Just as long as we don't bump into some stupid obstacle again."
They bump into Banana Joe with his parents.
Banana Joe says: "Oh, hey guys!"
Banana Joe says: "Did you know that—"
Gumball says: "Don't!"
Gumball says: "Trust me, it's for your own safety."
Banana Joe says: "But—"
Gumball says: "No no no no no no no!"
Gumball says: "Don't speak!"
Gumball says: "Don't say a thing, he's really dangerous."
Gumball says: "One stupid word, and you could all get blown off to the other side of the specific ocean."
Anais says: "Did you just say…"specific" ocean?"
Gumball and Anais get down, and take cover. Darwin sneezes at the Bananas. The next scene shows the bananas landing in China.
The Desert.
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais finally arrive in the desert.
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "We made it."
Darwin says: "Stop."
Darwin says: "I'm gonna continue alone."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "'Cause I love you."
Darwin says: "But…but—"
Anais says: "But you're a slack-jawed pea-brained dimwit, and you'll always be in danger of getting your head blown off every time you open your mouth around him."
Gumball says: "I'm not going anywhere man."
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Darwin throws rocks at him.
Darwin says: "Go."
Darwin says: "Just go!"
Darwin says: "I don't wanna hurt you."
Gumball says: "Well stop throwing stones at me then!"
Darwin says: "But what are you gonna do if I sneeze again?"
Gumball takes off his belt, and ties it around a tree and his arm.
Gumball says: "Then I will be ready!"
Darwin is about to sneeze.
Darwin says: "RUN!"
Gumball says: "We can take it."
Gumball says: "We're your family-uh."
He looks back to see Anais gone from his side. She goes behind Darwin.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Anais says: "Well, I'm avoiding the blast."
Darwin lets out a loud, strong sneeze for a prolonged period of time. Gumball holds on to his belt tied around the tree. As Darwin is still sneezing, Anais notices a feather stuck in his gills. She plucks it out.
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "I feel great!"
Gumball falls down. He is soggy from the blast.
Anais says: "Meh."
Anais says: "My bad."
Anais says: "Looks like you weren't allergic to stupidity."
Anais says: "Just feathers."
Gumball says: "It must have gotten in there during the pillow fight."
Darwin says: "Everything is okay then."
Darwin says: "We can all go home."
A crow lands on Darwin's head. This makes him sneeze again, breaking the camera and also the fourth wall. The episode ends.