Procrastination.
The episode begins with Gumball and Darwin reading math books, attempting to study for an upcoming math test. Gumball starts roleplaying, and Darwin roleplays along. Gumball grabs his ruler, and in slow-motion attempts to attack Darwin. Darwin quickly grabs a triangular ruler and acting like he stabbed Gumball. Gumball, acting like he is stabbed, grabs a calculator and presses buttons, acting like he is using a remote to activate a bomb.
Gumball says: "Noooooo!"
Gumball says: "It's gonna explooooooode!"
Darwin says: "It's gonna explooooooode!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on."
Gumball says: "Concentrate a little, man."
Gumball says: "We'll never be ready for the math test."
Darwin sighs, and they go back to reading.
Gumball says: "If zhe square of zhe hypotenuse equals zhe sum of zhe square of the other two sides, vhat is the length of side A?"
Darwin says: "I know not, master."
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, we're supposed to be studying."
Both start reading again, but then Gumball starts playing music with his ruler, and Darwin starts slamming his book in harmony until Gumball interferes again.
Gumball says: "Dude, stop distracting me!"
Gumball says: "Alright, let's get some work done."
Scene cuts to them playing around. First, they shoot spitballs at each other while hiding behind chairs. Then Gumball puts a pencil through one of his nostrils, and it comes out of his ear. After that, Gumball spins Darwin around in an office chair, and stops with Darwin's tail in his mouth. Gumball puts a pencil through a nostril again, and it comes out of Darwin's nose. Then they duel each other with geometry compasses. Darwin puts a pencil through his nostril nose, and it comes out of Gumball's ears. Then it shows their house at night. Off-screen, they are heard laughing out loud.
Almost Time for the Test!
Gumball and Darwin are seen crying out loud, and chewing the pages of books.
Gumball says: "It's not working, I'm not absorbing any of the knowledge."
Gumball says: "Elizabethan poetry?"
Gumball says: "Fie and fie again!"
Gumball says: "We've been chewing the wrong books!"
Darwin spits up some chewed pages, and puts it back on his book.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna flunk the test."
Gumball says: "We'll get caught in a downward spiral of failure, we'll get held back a year and before you know it, we'll be the only kids in seventh grade with beards."
Darwin says: "Unless..."
Darwin says: "."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You mean—"
Cheating!
Nigel Brown says: "Cheating?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Did you really think you could get away with this?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Turns to Gumball and Darwin, with writings including math solutions all over Darwin's body.
Gumball says: "To be honest, yeah."
Gumball says: "I thought we could."
Gumball says: "I have no idea what went wrong."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, maybe you'll figure it out during spring break which you're spending in detention!"
Detention!
Nigel Brown says: "I'm putting you in the long detention block."
Nigel Brown says: "So from now on you don't eat, you don't go to the bathroom, you don't speak, you don't even blink unless I say so."
Nigel Brown says: "DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"
Darwin raises his hand.
Nigel Brown says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Can I blink, please?"
Nigel Brown says: "No."
The New Inmates.
They enter a classroom full of "delinquents." The delinquents make noise, and trash the room.
Nigel Brown says: "SILENCE, YOU ANIMALS!"
Nigel Brown says: "These are the new inmates."
Nigel Brown says: "Make sure they feel welcome."
Darwin says: "Can I blink now?"
Nigel Brown says: "You're not gonna last two minutes in here, little fish."
Principal Brown exits, and slams the door. Gumball and Darwin turn around at their new "inmates," looking scared. They start talking with each other seemingly through their thoughts.
Darwin says: "Gumball."
Darwin says: "Can you hear me?"
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "What will we do?"
Gumball says: "These ugly filths look like they were raised by hyenas in a post-apocalyptic future."
Darwin says: "Ha ha!"
Darwin says: "Especially the cupcake."
Darwin says: "She looks like she was made out of rotten eggs, and foot fungus."
Rotten Cupcake says: "I'm a boy, dork bag."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Even her voice is gross."
Gumball says: "Wait, hang on."
Gumball says: "How can she hear our secret thoughts?"
Reaper says: "'Cause you're talking out loud, homie."
Gumball says: "Yeah, that makes more sense."
In the Bathroom.
Gumball and Darwin look badly injured after getting beaten up by their inmates.
Gumball says: "Ow!!"
Gumball says: "Oh, man."
Darwin says: "Even my bruises have bruises."
Gumball says: "Don't worry buddy."
Gumball says: "I've got just what you need."
Darwin says: "A kiss to make it better?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "We need to look older if you want them to respect us."
Gumball says: "Lets get some tattoos, home boy!"
They walk outside the bathroom with drawn on hair on their heads.
Gumball says: "What do you think?"
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Darwin says: "I think we look a bit too old for young offenders."
Gumball says: "Maybe."
They walk back in. Then they exit again with more fake hair drawn on their heads.
Gumball says: "Perfect!"
In the Cafeteria.
The delinquents are in the cafeteria eating, when Gumball and Darwin approach them and slam their lunches on the table. The delinquents glare at Gumball and Darwin. Gumball eats a piece of Mowdown's food.
Gumball says: "What are you looking at, punk?"
Gumball's head gets brutally crushed by Mowdown.
Darwin says: "Dude."
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "His eyes are touching each other!"
Darwin says: "Please let him go!"
Julius says: "Enough!"
Mowdown lets go of Gumball.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Thanks man."
Gumball says: "I owe you one."
Julius says: "You owe me more than that if you want my protection, daby."
Gumball says: "Whats a daby?"
Darwin says: "Detention slang."
Darwin says: "For "dumb baby."
Gumball says: "Oh I see."
Gumball says: "Who protect us from?"
Darwin says: "He means "Who are you gonna protect us from?"
Julius says: "Me!"
Stealing School Plans.
Gumball and Darwin are seen cleaning the principal's office.
Darwin says: "Why does that kid want us to steal the school plans anyway?"
Gumball says: "That's the least of our worries."
Gumball says: "The guy's a walking time bomb."
Gumball looks out the open door, and sees Principal Brown and Ms. Simian about to make out. Ms. Simian notices Gumball staring, and she blocks Gumball's sight with the door not closed though, but ajar.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Let's do this."
They rummage through Brown's desk.
Gumball says: "Here."
Gumball says: "Found it!"
Gumball says: "Now lets get out of—"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Dude, you have to see this."
They start looking at photos of Principal Brown, and they both laugh. After a while, Gumball puts the photos down and sees Principal Brown posing in the same manner as he is in the last photo and Ms. Simian in front of them. They quickly put back the photos, and Miss Simian sees them.
Lucy Simian says: "Ooooh!"
Gumball says: "It's not what it looks like."
Gumball says: "W-we accidentally slipped, and-and fell."
Gumball says: "T-t-the door went whoosh, and this went whoosh and we-let me start again."
Gumball says: "There was an eagle, and it came through the window and tried to steal-uh-I mean…it was totally like this when we got here."
Nigel Brown says: "I'll teach you for ruining my surprise for Miss Simian."
Nigel Brown says: "You're both going to the correctional room!"
Gumball says: "NOOOO!"
Gumball says: "NOT THE CORRECTIONAL ROOM!"
Correctional Room.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Boys."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I believe you keep getting into trouble because you're not expressing yourselves creatively."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "To teach you how, I'm going to read you some of my poems, okay?"
Gumball says: "I don't know why I freaked out so much."
Gumball says: "This really isn't that bad."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Part one of eighty-seven: Birth… dark… factory… noise."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "The smell of polish..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "souls fitting soles soullessly, dolefully."
Gumball and Darwin cringe in boredom. They bang on the office door's window.
Gumball says: "Let us out!!!"
Gumball says: "This is cruel, and unusual!!"
Planning to Escape From Detention.
Gumball and Darwin approach Julius in the classroom, traumatized.
Julius says: "So, what have we learned today?"
Darwin says: "Don't… ever… break the rules… ever… again."
Julius says: "No fish, don't ever get caught."
Julius says: "That's the only rule you need to care about."
Julius says: "Now, here's a list of stuff you're gonna steal for me."
Gumball inspects the list. Then the scene transitions into a song with a montage of them stealing the things on the list.
Gumball says: "Well, I cheated on a math test, teacher says I gotta pay."
Gumball says: "Doin' time up at the schoolhouse, and it gets worse everyday."
[In a line heading to the classroom says: "a  paperclip."
Gumball "accidentally" knocks over the nearby principal's papers. He quickly says: "a  paperclip."
nervously recovers them says: "a  paperclip."
gives them back. In the classroom says: "a  paperclip."
it is revealed that he had taken the first item on the list says: "a  paperclip."
Darwin says: "I've done a lot of bad things, as freedom wilted away."
Darwin says: "I've seen a lot of sad things, and it gets worse everyday!"
He walks to Julius playing a harmonica. Taking off his leg, he dumps out of it a couple of spoons, the second item on the list. Then they are out in the field, working with rakes.
Gumball says: "I never was a bad guy, 'til I was put away."
Darwin says: "I never was a bad guy, 'til I was put away."
Gumball says: "Now I'm stealin', cheatin', lyin', and it gets worse everyday!"
Darwin says: "Now I'm stealin', cheatin', lyin', and it gets worse everyday!"
Scythe's rakes are taken. He suspects Gumball who has the rake hidden in his head, but Gumball points to the rotten cupcake. Scythe attacks the cupcake instead. Then in the corridors, Julius receives the rake. Both Gumball and Darwin with Mowdown work out in the schoolyard. Gumball pretends to stretch, and grabs a string from Mowdown. He and Darwin walk way and unravel the string along, causing Mowdown's stuffing to come out, and him to be squished by a barbell. They give the string to Julius.
Gumball says: "They think I learned my lesson, that crime just doesn't pay."
Darwin says: "They think I learned my lesson, that crime just doesn't pay."
Gumball says: "But stuck here in detention, I have found another way."
Darwin says: "But stuck here in detention, I have found another way."
Gumball says: "I'm the baddest kid in the prison…and I get worse everydaaay!"
Darwin says: "I'm the baddest kid in the prison…and I get worse everydaaay!"
Once again, the inmates trash the classroom. Principal Brown barges in.
Nigel Brown says: "SILENCE YOU ANIMALS!"
Nigel Brown says: "I WANT THIS ROOM CLEANED UP BY LUNCH TIME, YOU HEAR ME!"
Nigel Brown says: "?"
Behind him, Julius with all the materials given to him sneaks away.
Gumball says: "Where is he going?"
Darwin says: "Oh, my gosh, he's going to ESCAPE!"
Gumball says: "No, dude."
Gumball says: "We are."
They run out of the classroom, and through the hallways.
Detention Break.
Darwin says: "I don't think we're ready for life on the outside."
Gumball says: "Why do you say that?"
Darwin says: "Because we've run straight back to detention."
Gumball says: "I think we've been here so long we've lost our taste for freedom."
Darwin says: "Let's just go back in."
They look inside the infernal chaos inside the classroom. The rotten cupcake is threatened by Mowdown.
Rotten Cupcake No, no, NO!
Mowdown brutally attacks him, and pops his cherry. The cherry juice splats on the classroom door's window in front of the boys.
Gumball says: "Did you see what that bear just did to that guy's cherry?"
Darwin says: "I think that just cured me."
Gumball says: "LET'S GET OUT OF HERE!"
They run to Julius unlocking janitor's closet.
Gumball says: "Take us!"
Darwin says: "Take us!"
Julius says: "Ha!"
Julius says: "I don't think so."
Julius starts removing the screws off a ventilation cover.
Gumball says: "Dude come on, please!"
Gumball says: "We're too cute for detention."
Darwin says: "We're too cute for detention."
Julius says: "I don't care."
Gumball says: "PLEASE, I BEG YOU."
Gumball says: "PLEASE!"
Gumball repeatedly bangs Julius on the vent until it gives way. They both fall into Principal Brown's office. However, Gumball holds on to the ceiling, and the principal is asleep.
Julius says: "Help!"
Darwin says: "Depends, can we come with you?"
Julius says: "Never."
Darwin says: "Take us with you or you're going down."
Julius says: "Sorry, what did you just say?"
Darwin says: "TAKE US WITH YOU, OR YOU'RE GOING DOWN!"
Julius says: "OKAY, OKAY."
Julius says: "JUST STOP SHOUTING!"
Principal Brown wakes up, and sees them. Julius unintentionally kicks Brown in the face as he is brought up.
Nigel Brown says: "DETENTION BREAK, LOCKDOWN!"
Julius leads them to a fan in the ventilation.
Julius says: "Okay, we climb on this shaft to get to the roof."
Gumball says: "Are you sure?"
Gumball says: "I mean this doesn't feel dangerous enough."
Gumball says: "Isn't there a lake of fire on your map, or maybe a spider pit?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I know: how about an acid bath full of sharks with machine guns!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Don't worry, I've got this."
He grabs the rake, and attempts to place it on the fan. It gets shredded to half its length.
Gumball says: "Wha—"
Gumball says: "So, what's the plan now?"
Julius says: "Well you can always go back!"
Gumball considers this. Then it skips to him climbing the noisy ventilation shaft. He talks, but the shaft drowns his voice out. He meets up with Darwin and Julius up in a compartment on the roof.
Gumball says: "Not as easy as I thought, so what now?"
He realizes that they are sulking. The compartment they are in has no way out.
Gumball says: "What the what!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "I thought you said this led to the roof!"
Julius says: "It does."
Julius says: "It just won't open."
Gumball says: "What the whating what!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "What do you mean it won't open!"
Gumball says: "?"
Julius says: "I mean there's no way to get out of here, you masork!"
Gumball says: "What does that even mean?"
Darwin says: "Detention slang for "massive dork."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah?"
Gumball says: "Well you're a sodging derk with a fart-stache!"
Julius says: "What?"
Darwin says: "A soap-dodging thunder jerk with a fart mustache."
Julius says: "Yeah!"
Julius says: "?"
Julius says: "Well you're a serjenerf—"
While Julius makes up insults, Gumball takes Darwin and takes cover out of the compartment while Julius's fuse shortens. Julius notices, but it is too late.
Julius says: "You double-crossing ner—"
The compartment is finally breached. Gumball and Darwin cough. They see Julius's body, and his deflated head.
Julius says: "Well played."
Gumball says: "I learned from the best."
Gumball takes out a paper. There is a drawing of a person sliding down to the ground through a string tied to the roof, and the rake hooked on to an object.
Darwin says: "Oh, so that's what we needed the rope for."
Darwin says: "And we use the rake as a hooked!"
Gumball ties the string to a doodad on the roof. Principal Brown still imitating a prison siren can be heard.
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "Uh, okay."
Gumball says: "How long does this rope need to be?"
Darwin says: "Um, it's the square of the height of the school, multiplied by—"
Gumball says: "Are you sure it's not divide?"
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin says: "The square root of the height of the school minus—"
Gumball says: "Divide!"
Darwin says: "That's what I said!"
Gumball says: "You said minus!"
Darwin says: "It's the same thing!"
Gumball says: "No, it's not!"
Gumball says: "Is it?"
Banging can be heard at a door on the roof.
Gumball says: "Ahhh!"
Gumball says: "Let's just wing it."
He ties the string to the rake. Throwing the rake off the roof, it falls down short and breaks a window.
Gumball says: "Wish'd we'd done that math thing now."
Gumball says: "We could have escaped from detention."
Darwin says: "No, dude."
Darwin says: "If we learned it, we wouldn't be in detention."
Gumball says: "Wow."
Gumball says: "I guess we did learn something today."
Darwin says: "When you cheat, the only person you're really cheating is yourself."
Gumball says: "Uh, no."
Gumball says: "Never get caught!"
They jump off the roof. Principal Brown barges in.
Nigel Brown says: "SURRENDER NOW and you'll only—"
Nigel Brown says: "Nooooo!"
In slow-motion, Gumball and Darwin fall down. They slowly come nearer the roof of the van. Then no longer in slow-motion, the van speeds off and the boys instead hit the ground. They get up, disfigured by their fall. Despite this, they laugh.
Gumball says: "See you never!"
Darwin says: "See you never, Principal Brown!"
They celebrate as they walk off. The principal watches them from the rooftop.
Nigel Brown says: "I don't know why they're so happy."
Nigel Brown says: "They still have to come back here tomorrow."
Episode ends.