Bad Wi-Fi.
Gumball and Darwin sit in the living room trying to watch a video on their laptop, but it does not seem to load.
Anais says: "Are you guys having problems with the wi-fi as well?"
Gumball says: "I dunno, but I—"
Gumball says: "I've been—"
Gumball says: "been waiting for th—"
Gumball says: "this video to load for ages."
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Sorry, we're so dependent on the Internet that our brains literally can't function without it."
Anais says: "So, do you have a problem with the wi-fi or not?"
Gumball says: "Well, I—"
Gumball says: "I—"
Gumball says: "I—"
Anais says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Sorry, I'm just really confused by Dad."
Richard's fur is painted black. He is wearing a white wig and a revealing set of women's armor.
Richard says: "Hast thou fair imps encountered trouble with the sacred thread of communion?"
The kids look confused for a moment.
Richard says: "I'm in character."
Richard says: "I'm a dark elf."
Richard says: "I was in the middle of a raid on a dwarf burial ground."
Richard says: "So, do you have wi-fi or what?"
Anais says: "No, the Internet's down."
Richard says: "I knew this day would come."
Richard says: "Kids, there's something I have to tell you."
Darwin says: "You're not my father?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "How did you guess?!"
Richard says: "!"
Darwin and Richard chortle.
Richard says: "No."
Richard says: "We've just been using Robinson's wi-fi for years."
Gumball says: "That would explain why the network is called "Get off my LAN, Watterson."
Richard says: "Yeah, well, when he asked me to help him set up his Internet, I kinda grabbed the opportunity to—"
Gumball says: "Mooch off it?!"
Darwin and Anais says: "Mooch off it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin and Anais says: "!"
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, how could you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard says: "Easy!"
Richard says: "You just turn it on, choose a passcode and—"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "You meant in a moral sense."
Gumball says: "Well, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson must've finally got wise and changed the code."
Gumball says: "No problemo, we'll just get some wi-fi of our own!"
Richard says: "Excuso little burrito, it's mucho problemo."
Richard goes in the kitchen to take a can of soda from the fridge.
Richard says: "You see, we got bad credito."
Richard says: "Why do you think we have a coin-operated fridge?"
He opens the can and starts drinking, but the soda stops flowing in mid-air. He inserts a coin into a slot on the fridge and the drink splashes all over his face.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do without the Internet?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "I remember something."
Gumball says: "Something from a time long forgotten."
Gumball says: "A mystical repository of long lost knowledge, which the ancient people called..."
Gumball says: "a bo-oic."
Anais says: "Are you trying to say book?"
Gumball says: "Exactly!"
Gumball says: "A buque."
Gumball takes an encyclopedia from a nearby bookshelf. He blows some dust off of it, sits on the couch and places the book on his lap.
Gumball says: "Entertain me!"
Naturally, nothing happens. He opens the book, gasps, then starts poking it repeatedly with his finger.
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "It's not touch-sensitive and it looks like a double keyboard with the letters all messed up."
Anais says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "It's like you've only got one neuron left and you're using it for stupidity."
Gumball says: "It's because we don't have to retain any knowledge!"
Gumball says: "It's always readily available online."
Anais says: "Well I guess you'll just have to take what the Internet does, and do it yourselves."
Gumball and Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Non-Digital Internet.
Darwin is moving a cardboard frame in front of some pictures taped on the TV, as if scrolling.
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "I think I found a way to reproduce the Elmoreflix experience."
Darwin says: "Now we can get back to looking at thumbnails for hours without actually watching anything."
Gumball says: "Well in that case, you may also like..."
Gumball imitates a notification sound and drops a letter into a cardboard box.
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "Your inbox."
Darwin takes the envelope to examine it more closely.
Darwin says: "Ah, cute."
Darwin says: "It's like the little e-mail icon."
He opens it and pulls out drawings of Richard.
Darwin says: ""Hey, look who got stuck in a lawnchair!"
Darwin says: ""  He had to drive to the hospital to get it removed!"
Darwin gasps and writes something on the paper, then drops it in a box upstairs. He imitates a notification sound. Gumball reads the letter.
Gumball says: ""Did you know that you copied Mr."
Gumball says: "Dad in your e-mail?"
Gumball says: "" Oh no!"
Gumball says: "How?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball flashes back. He is seen writing letters and riding the bus. He places a letter next to his father, who is in a hospital bed with a chair stuck to his backside. The flashback ends.
Darwin holds a cardboard frame around his head while making a ringtone sound. Gumball 'picks up.'.
Darwin says: "Hey, maybe you should just e-mail him to apologize."
Gumball says: "Nah, this manual e-mail is way too complicated."
Darwin says: "Yeah, much easier to bounce digital messages from server to server between interlinked computers."
Darwin says: "What about Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, though?"
Richard enters their room laughing.
Richard says: "Did you get those pictures of that guy stuck in a lawnchair?"
Richard says: "What a fool!"
He turns around to leave, revealing a wheelchair stuck to his backside.
Darwin says: "You know what I miss most about the Internet?"
Gumball says: "Your royal Nigerian penpal?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, him too."
Darwin says: "But I meant playing online with other nice kids from all over the world."
Gumball and Darwin are now wearing headphones, pretending to play an online game.
Gumball says: "Say cheese, 'cause you're about to get your head shot!"
Darwin says: "Oh yeah?"
Darwin says: "Well I hope you like the taste of your own butt, because that's what you're getting handed for dinner!"
Gumball says: "Hey, have you ever noticed that if you say, I'm gonna "insert made-up verb" your "insert made-up noun," everything sounds like a really rude alien insult?"
Gumball says: "Like, I'm gonna cybernize your thrusters."
Darwin says: "I'm gonna gallifrak your automatron!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna cryptify your proto-eggs with this word!"
The view changes to reveal they are actually playing Scrabble.
Gumball says: "Xenopus!"
Gumball says: "It's a type of frog."
Gumball says: "Scores thirty-two."
Darwin says: "Meh, the insults are on point, but the gameplay is boring and the graphics are terrible."
Real Socializing.
Larry is walking through the aisle of Food N' Stuff. He notices a sticky note on a carton of eggs.
Larry says: "Huh?"
He takes the note and starts reading it.
Larry says: ""I bought these ping pong balls two months ago, and was shocked when they turned into small chickens."
Larry says: "I have to say they don't function as well as the more common ping pong balls, and it's very hard to give backspin to a chicken."
Larry says: "" What is this?"
Larry keeps walking, only to discover more notes on the shelves. He takes another one.
Larry says: ""Very disappointing."
Larry says: "I purchased this sledhammer to enjoy the snowy slopes of Vermont, and only managed to slide a couple inches."
Larry says: "I would not purchase again."
Larry says: "" WHAT THE HASHTAG, DOLLAR SIGN, AT-SIGN, ASTERISK IS GOING ON HERE?!"
Larry says: "!"
Gumball says: ""This tank is completely unsuitable for modern warfare."
Gumball says: "Though the glass panels provide a wide field of vision, I worry my fish'll be exposed to enemy fire."
Gumball sticks the note onto the fish tank.
Darwin says: "Dude, Larry's coming!"
Gumball says: "Nah, it's fine."
Gumball says: "The beauty of trolling is that you're anonymous."
Larry throws them out of the store.
Larry says: "You Wattersons are BANNED!"
Larry says: "And thank you for shopping at Food N' Stuff."
Gumball says: "Don't worry."
Gumball says: "All I have to do is change my IP address."
Darwin says: "How?"
Gumball says: "You reboot your router."
Gumball picks up a plank from the floor and hits his face with it.
Darwin says: "Did it work?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I still remember my name."
He hits his face again, and ends up groaning on the floor.
Darwin says: "Maybe we just move on."
Gumball and Darwin walk into the school cafeteria as the bell rings.
Gumball says: "Gumball just checked into the cafeteria!"
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Exactly what I do on Elmore Plus."
Darwin says: "What, looking at people's pictures and being jealous of their lives?"
Gumball snorts and his butt falls off.
Darwin says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "LMBO!"
Gumball says: "Laughing my butt off?"
Darwin says: "You forgot the laughing bit."
Gumball says: "Nah, no one really laughs on the Internet."
They go sit with Ocho.
Gumball says: "Look at it, you like it?"
Darwin says: "You like my face?"
Darwin says: "Hashtag no filter!"
Darwin says: "Come on, gimme a thumbs up."
They look a Ocho, waiting for a reaction.
Gumball says: "Dude, he doesn't have thumbs."
Gumball says: "I'll try something else."
Gumball takes spaghetti from a tray and smears it onto his face.
Gumball says: "This boy was diagnosed with a rare condition."
Gumball says: "One like equals one prayer."
Gumball says: "Ignore if you don't care about his pain."
He wipes the food off his face.
Gumball says: "Hm, maybe he's not online."
Darwin says: "Let's poke him!"
Gumball and Darwin poke Ocho repeatedly, until he finally starts talking.
Ocho says: "Look!"
Ocho says: "I don't feel like g—"
Gumball says: "Dude, you have to type or we don't know what you're saying."
Ocho says: "Look, I—"
Ocho says: "I don't feel like goofing around today."
Ocho says: "My grandma's really sick."
Gumball says: "Aww."
Gumball says: "I like that!"
Ocho says: "W-what do you mean, you like it?!"
Ocho says: "!"
Gumball says: "Sorry man, there is no button to express sympathy without having to do all that typing."
Gumball says: "I mean after all, we're only Elmore Plus friends."
Ocho says: "That's it, I'm deleting you from my friends list!"
Ocho says: "..."
Ocho says: "How do you delete someone in real life?"
Darwin says: "I suggest we run before he works it out."
They run away.
The Cyberspace.
Gumball and Darwin sit in the front yard of their house. Anais rides up to them on her tricycle.
Anais says: "What are you guys up to?"
Gumball says: "We're crowdfunding to pay for our own Internet."
Anais says: "I think you mean you're begging."
Gumball says: "No, it's not begging if you offer perks."
Anais says: "What perks?"
Darwin says: "For one dollar, you get a verbal thank you."
Gumball says: "For ten dollars, you get a smile and a warm feeling in your heart."
Anais says: "Yeah, that's begging."
Richard says: "Anais!"
Anais says: "We really need that wi-fi back."
Anais says: "Dad usually looks online for tips on raising kids, but now he has to improvise."
Richard opens the door, with a leash in hand.
Richard says: "Mom said I have to take you to the park!"
Anais says: "You're gonna have to hack Mr."
Anais says: "Robinson to get the password."
Richard retracts the leash, slowly dragging Anais towards him.
Gumball says: "How?"
Anais says: "Ow!"
Anais says: "I left instructions for you!"
Gumball says: "Where?"
Anais says: "Check your BoxDrop!"
Richard and Anais go back inside.
Gumball says: "What's a BoxDro—"
A large cardboard box falls directly onto Gumball.
Gumball and Darwin materialize into the digital world.
Darwin says: "What is this place?"
Gumball says: "This is cyberspace, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Better switch to incognito mode so the cyberpolice can't trace us."
A menu appears, allowing them to go incognito, and while walking towards the Robinsons' house they come across what seems to be a floating face.
Darwin says: "Who's that?"
Gumball says: "Probably a fellow hacker."
Gumball says: "We should greet him in a friendly fashion."
Gumball kisses both sides of the face and they start walking again.
Gumball says: "This is Robinson's house!"
Gumball tries to open the front door, but an error message wipes them. They materialize again.
Darwin says: "Access denied?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "How do we get in?"
Gumball says: "Anais says we need to find a backdoor."
They walk through the backyard and towards the house again.
Gumball says: "You gotta hand it to Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson, he keeps a tidy desktop."
Darwin says: "Look, he left a window open!"
Gumball helps Darwin climb through the window.
Darwin says: "Almost there!"
While reaching for the top of the window, Darwin accidentally minimizes it and gets stuck.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "Do something!"
Gumball points a finger at Darwin and laughs.
Darwin says: "Do something useful!"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Gumball tries to push Darwin in, to no avail.
Darwin says: "Maximize the window!"
Gumball presses the button to maximize the window, but nothing happens. He starts mashing it.
Gumball says: "It's not working!"
Gumball says: "Oh, hold on."
The window maximizes and minimizes repeatedly, hitting Darwin's back over and over. When it eventually stops, he glares at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Sorry, buddy."
Gumball says: "I should've known that clicking faster never works."
Clicking noises are heard.
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "The firewall!"
A flame bursts under Gumball's feet, forcing him to jump through the window and into the house.
Gumball says: "Quick!"
Gumball says: "We don't have much time before someone spots us!"
Darwin says: "What do we do?"
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to use a Trojan horse."
Gumball and Darwin walk through the house wearing a horse costume. They have trouble moving, resulting in them breaking a few vases and running into walls.
Darwin says: "I have trouble seeing how this will save us from being detected."
Mrs. Robinson is heard approaching.
Darwin says: "The antivirus!"
Gumball says: "Where?"
Darwin's arm reaches out of the horse costume.
Darwin says: "There!"
Mrs. Robinson appears as a floating head shooting lasers from her eyes.
Margaret says: "Meh meh meh."
Gumball says: "Quick, let's hide in one of these folders!"
Darwin says: "We won't fit!"
Gumball says: "We can compress our files."
A menu comes up, compressing them until they fit in the folders. Mrs. Robinson floats past them.
Margaret says: "Meh meh."
Gumball and Darwin extract themselves from the folders, but their appearance is different.
Gumball says: "I think our f-f-files got c-corrupted!"
Darwin says: "What n-n-n-n-n-now?"
Gumball says: "Hit control-Z!"
They undo until they turn into DNA strands.
Gumball says: "Too far!"
Gumball says: "Control-Y!"
They redo, and manage to recover their appearances.
Gumball says: "Now for Anais' next step."
Gumball says: "We need to get Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson to accept cookies."
Gumball is stuffing files into a sleeping Mr. Robinson's mouth.
Gumball says: "Hm, nothing's happening."
Darwin says: "Maybe 'cause he's in sleep mode."
Gumball says: "Let's try a worm."
Reclaiming the Internet.
Gumball takes another file when he is interrupted by Anais, looking in through the window.
Anais says: "Guys!"
Anais says: "What are you doing?!"
Anais says: "!"
The world returns to its normal, non-digital appearance, showing Gumball has in fact filled Mr. Robinson's mouth with cookies. Darwin holds a bowl of worms.
Gumball says: "Hacking Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson, like you said."
Anais says: "I meant hack his computer, not his face."
Anais says: "What exactly have you been doing this whole time?"
They flash back to the moment Gumball kissed a floating face, only in the real world it was Hank's butt.
Gumball says: "How do you do, good sir?"
Then, Gumball is seen sliding the window up and down on Darwin's back. The firewall turned out to be the barbecue bursting into flames. Gumball and Darwin were walking through a corridor with their eyes closed, breaking a flower pot on the way.
Darwin says: "The antivirus!"
Margaret says: "Meh."
Mrs. Robinson is seen as well, revealing the laser-shooting eyes were only a cleaning product she sprayed on a window. Finally, the flashback stops.
Gumball says: "Yeah, well you shoulda been more specific."
Anais says: "Lemme in."
Anais takes Mr. Robinsons' laptop and turns it on. It chimes.
Anais says: "That's weird, he never changed his password."
Anais says: "Wait a minute, the wi-fi isn't down."
Anais says: "He's using all of it up with all these stupid toolbars!"
Mr. Robinson groans slightly.
Gumball says: "Well, fix it then."
Gumball says: "Quick!"
As Anais removes the toolbars one by one, an alarm clock rings next to Mr. Robinson. Mr. Robinson starts to grumble, almost beginning to wake up.
Anais says: "I need more time!"
Gumball says: "I got this."
Gumball says: "All I have to do is hack into the mainframe, adjust the power options, and put it to sleep."
Anais says: "What?"
Gumball presses the snooze button. The alarm stops.
Anais says: "Oh, that was less stupid than I thought it was gonna be."
Mrs. Robinson's voice is heard offscreen as she walks in their direction. Gumball, Darwin, and Anais gasp. Thanks to Anais deleting all of the toolbars, the wi-fi comes back on and they are able to leave through the window without being seen.
Margaret says: "Meh-meh-meh."
Mrs. Robinson notices nothing. She cleans Mr. Robinson, as he is still sleeping.
The Internet Is Back.
Screen fades to nighttime. Gumball, Darwin and Anais run into their room and sit in front of the computer.
Gumball says: "Yay, the Internet is back!"
Darwin and Anais says: "Yay, the Internet is back!"
Gumball says: "We can get back to refusing invites from obscure relatives to play lame games on Elmore Plus!"
Darwin says: "Reposting someone's original content and pretending it's ours!"
Anais says: "And correcting people's grammar in their Elmore Stream comments!"
They start laughing. Suddenly, all the lights in the house turn off.
Richard says: "Anybody got a quarter for the electric meter?!"
Richard says: "!"
The kids groan in unison, ending the episode.