Dressing Up.
The episode opens on the Wattersons' house. Anais, Darwin, Gumball, and Richard are lined up in front of Nicole, by the staircase in the living room. Everyone is "dressed" for the day's occasion, but no one other than Nicole seems to have done it right.
Nicole says: "INSPECTION!"
Nicole says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "Look honey, I still fit into my wedding tux!"
Nicole says: "Richard, there's a mirror behind you."
Nicole points to the mirror, and as Richard steps away from it, it becomes quite clear that his suit is torn on the back, exposing his underwear.
Richard says: "Aww, it never used to be there."
As Richard walks away, Nicole bends down to examine Gumball's outfit more closely. He is wearing a strange purple suit that appears to be from the seventies, complete with a pimp hat, gold chains and gold-tinted sunglasses.
Nicole says: "Okay, I guess I have to ask: why?"
Gumball says: "Respect yo!"
Nicole says: "No, I said you have to look respect-able."
Nicole says: "Just go put something sensible on."
Gumball walks off with a showy attitude, waving his arms and making the gold pieces shake audibly.
Nicole says: "NORMALLY!"
Gumball puts his arms down and he hurries up. Nicole then moves on to examine Darwin, who isn't wearing anything. His feet are censored.
Nicole says: "I said act natural, not au naturel."
Darwin says: "Oh..."
Darwin walks off, his fish feet making slapping noises on the floor. Nicole shifts her disappointed gaze at Anais who is wearing a mourning veil and black funeral dress. For a moment she looks angrily back in protest before beginning to doubt her outfit.
Anais says: "Too serious?"
Nicole says: "I can understand this kind of stuff from them because, well..."
Nicole says: "what's a nice way to put it..."
Nicole says: "They're halfwits."
Nicole says: "But you're better than that!"
Nicole says: "So could you please wear something sensible?"
Anais says: "No."
Nicole says: "Maybe I didn't make myself clear."
[Nicole makes mute gestures at Anais says: "First she points at Anais, then back at herself."
[Nicole makes mute gestures at Anais says: "Then she waves her finger and shakes her head as if telling her off."
[Nicole makes mute gestures at Anais says: "Then she clenches her fists, stiffens her back with the bones making a very loud cracking noise and puts on an angry expression with pointed teeth and a twitching eye."
[Nicole makes mute gestures at Anais says: "Finally, she puts her hands on her hips with an expression of grumpy disappointment."
The Guests.
An outside shot is displayed to indicate that some time has passed. The four redressed Wattersons are lined up again, looking worried. All the males have visibly combed hair, black tuxedos with white shirts except for Darwin who only wears black pants and red bow-ties. Anais is wearing a simple purple dress with a white collar and flats. She is holding Daisy.
Nicole says: "Okay that's better."
Gumball's combed hair suddenly stands up and looks like a mess.
Gumball says: "Ugh, why do I have to do my hair like this?"
Gumball says: "It's like trying to groom a coconut."
Nicole repeats her gesture from earlier complete with the crackling-bones sound. Gumball's hair drops back into place as if pacified by the fright of Nicole.
Gumball says: "Yes, of course, you've made that point very clear."
Nicole says: "Okay, now how will you greet her?"
Gumball drops to his knees with his arms raised and throws himself at the floor, uncomfortably, resembling a gesture of worship. Nicole picks him up and puts him back where he was standing.
Nicole says: "A simple handshake will do."
She holds out her hand to a nervous Gumball, to demonstrate. Gumball awkwardly tries to shake her hand, horizontally.
Nicole says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "I just don't perform well under pressure!"
Nicole says: "It's simple: she comes in, you say hello, shake her hand vertically, take her coat - Richard take your finger out of your nose - and offer her a refreshment."
Richard complies.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Anais says: "Huh?"
Richard and Darwin says: "Huh?"
Nicole says: "If in doubt, do exactly the opposite of what you'd normally do."
Nicole says: "Am I clear?"
Anais says: "No!"
Anais says: "Who's coming over?"
Nicole says: "Look, to get ahead in life, sometimes you have to meet the right people."
Darwin says: "What kind of people?"
Nicole says: "You know what we are?"
Darwin nods incorrectly understandingly.
Nicole says: "The opposite of that."
Darwin sulks.
Nicole says: "So for once can we please pretend we are not a bunch of savages who- Richard, stop picking your nose with your toes!"
Richard has a toe stuck in his nose.
Richard says: "But you said to get my finger out of my nose!"
Felicity and Billy are seen standing outside the door, confused at what they're hearing.
Felicity rings the doorbell. Nicole opens the door, leaning forward with a complete change of attitude, smiling.
Nicole says: "Oh, welcome Felicity."
Felicity says: "I prefer Miss Parham."
Nicole says: "Sorry, you can call me Mrs."
Nicole says: "Watterson."
Felicity says: "Of course..."
Felicity says: "Nicole."
Nicole says: "I don't believe you've met my family."
Nicole turns to said family. Felicity glances at the four Wattersons, who are nervously bunched together and smiling back at her. She takes a step back, gaping with horror and disgust, the moment complete with a strong pipe organ chord playing in the background.
Felicity flashes back to a scene from "The Hero" as dramatic music plays.
Richard says: "Oh, Oh-Oh, Oh-Oh, Ohh!"
Then to a scene from "The Authority".
Felicity says: "Don't worry Billy, it's a really good hospi—"
Felicity says: "TAAAAAAAL!!!"
And finally to a scene from "The Law".
Donut Sheriff says: "Just get in!"
The car drives off, passing by Felicity and Billy who look at each other with a horrified expression. The scene then flashes back to Felicity, still looking disgusted. Nicole drags in Felicity, whose feet loudly chisel off parts of the porch floor.
Nicole says: "Uhm, please come in!"
Billy follows them in with a frown.
Getting to Know the Family.
It is an awkward scene inside the house. Richard sits on the left with a nervous smile in complete silence, while a petrified Felicity seems to be layed down to "sit" next him. Billy sits to her right with a nervous frown. All the other Wattersons are standing around them with nervous smiles except for Anais, who looks confused. To ease the tension, Richard picks up a soda can from the coffee table and drinks.
Nicole says: "Richard, that's not for you!"
Richard, apologetically, lets the soda pour out from his clenched lips, back into the can, for several long and awkward seconds.
Nicole says: "Uhm, why don't you pour a drink for Miss Parham?"
Richard pours soda, from the same can, directly into Felicity's mouth. The shocking event makes her sit up and gag up, intending to throw up in her purse in her hands as everyone gasps. Realizing she has to protect her dignity, she uncomfortably swallows it.
Billy says: "Mother, these people scare me, so..."
Billy says: "pray tell, which is to be my play-date?"
Nicole says: "Billy, please meet my daughter Anais."
Anais says: "Play-date?!"
Anais says: "!"
Nicole says: "Yes, play-date!"
Flashback to a scene at the supermarket cash register. Nicole is counting the coupons in her hands while Felicity and Billy are standing behind her in line.
Nicole says: "Half price, lower two points, buy one get one free, two for one, and double discount."
Larry says: "That comes to the store owing you fifty cents."
Billy says: "Mother, why is that woman trying to pay for her groceries with scraps of newspaper?"
Felicity says: "She probably didn't study hard at school, dear."
Nicole sulks for a moment before thinking up a way to get back at Felicity's cruel remark. She turns around excitedly.
Nicole says: "Oh, what a charming little boy, he seems very clever for his age."
Nicole says: "I am- I have a very intelligent daughter, actually."
Felicity says: "Oh yes, I'm sure she must be a little genius."
Nicole says: "She's certified."
Nicole says: "I've got the papers to prove it."
Felicity says: "Oh, interesting."
Felicity says: "I have been trying to find an appropriate play-date for Billy."
Nicole says: "Why don't you guys come over for lunch?"
Felicity says: "Oh, that's very kind of you, but first I have a few questions: what does your husband do?"
Nicole opens her mouth but a nervous and a reluctant "uuh" comes out. As the scene flashes back to the Wattersons' living room, her expression is the same while Felicity smiles mockingly and the others have the same uneasy expressions from earlier.
Felicity says: "So you're the self-employed husband, I suppose it makes sense."
Felicity says: "Who else would employ you?"
Nicole says: "Ahahah,  Say something self-employed-ish."
Richard says: "Nicole..."
Richard says: "I have some bad news.."
Nicole says: "This is Gumball and Darwin."
Nicole says: "Darwin used to be a goldfish, but through love, care and of course, parenting skills, became..."
Nicole says: "a goldfish with legs!"
Nicole says: "Show 'em, sweety."
Darwin steps in front of Felicity and awkwardly puts a limp leg on her lap. She looks surprised.
Darwin says: "Um, that's my leg, and uh..."
Darwin says: "there's one more where that came from."
Felicity picks up the leg and leaves it for Darwin to stand on.
Felicity says: "Huh."
Felicity says: "Very nice."
Nicole says: "And this is Gumball, who can..."
Gumball says: "Who can do this!"
Gumball makes some saliva hang from his mouth and then makes it oscillate up and down while making disgusting noises. Felicity renews her horrified expression. As Gumball continues, Nicole points at the dining room.
Nicole says: "Heh."
Nicole says: "Anybody hungry?"
Lunch Time.
Anais and Billy are sitting at the coffee table with plates of food on it, in small chairs. In the background, everyone else is sitting awkwardly at the dinner table. The silence stretches, with no one eating but just glancing at each other and then away. Billy takes a long breath, nervously.
Billy says: "I really would like to break the ice but I've no idea what to say."
Anais says: "Ugh!"
Anais says: "Me too."
Anais says: "I've been twiddling my thumbs under the table for ages trying to think of something."
Anais shows her knotted-up fingers and the two share a brief laugh.
Billy says: "Allow me to introduce myself: I am William Jeffrey Fitzgerald Kitchener Parham III, although you can call me Billy."
Anais says: "And I am Anais."
Billy says: "Anais to meet you."
Anais says: "It's Billy nice to meet you, too."
Billy says: "Not as quite good, but good effort."
The view shifts to the dinner table in the background. Nicole is using her fork while Felicity hesitates to examine everyone's table manners. Darwin is using a straw to eat and Richard seems prepared to gulp down the plate in his hand without any utensil at all. Gumball tries to slurp spaghetti from a long fork-like object.
Nicole says: "Gumball!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Wrong spoon?"
Nicole says: "No, it's a back scratcher."
Gumball says: "But you said to use the fancy cutlery!"
For a moment the scene shows the "fancy cutlery" next to Gumball's plate, including a gardening trough, a screwdriver and a small rake. Gumball proceeds to audibly scratch his butt with the backscratcher, then noticing Felicity and Nicole's apalled expressions, he uses it to take and slurp some more spaghetti.
Nicole says: "Kids..."
Felicity says: "Your kids..."
Nicole says: "Richard, you've got something on your chin."
Richard scratches his chin.
Nicole says: "No, the other one."
Richard keeps scratching, struggling to find the correct chin.
Nicole says: "No, the..."
Nicole says: "The middle one."
Richard finally rubs the food off his middle chin and pokes it in his mouth. Felicity stands up abruptly.
Richard says: "No, wait, you can't go yet!"
Richard says: "You'll miss the..."
Richard says: "uh, song, that Gumball and Darwin are gonna sing for you."
Gumball and Darwin says: "We are?!"
Gumball and Darwin says: "!"
Nicole says: "Yes!"
Nicole says: "What a good idea!"
Gumball and Darwin shrug and get up on their chairs. Darwin steps onto the table.
Darwin says: "Uh, tune."
They begin to sing "I Saw a Big Parade", painfully out of sync.
And I saw a big parade.
It was green and had things in it.
Like balloons.
The view returns to Anais and Billy's conversation, as Gumball and Darwin continue to sing in the background.
Billy says: "-still in contact with reality?"
Anais says: "I was gonna say "the only one who's not"  but yeah, you pretty much took out the words out of my mouth."
They share another laugh and Felicity notices it from across the room and glares at them. The view returns to the dinner table where Gumball and Darwin are finishing their song.
Gumball and Darwin says: "Forever!"
Gumball and Darwin bow after their performance, then return to their seats. Nicole is amid a continous two-handed facepalm.
Richard says: "And they did all that without rehearsing!"
Nicole says: "As you can see, the arts are very important to our family."
Felicity says: "Look, Nicole, I get it."
Felicity says: "You dropped out of college to marry your childhood sweetheart and life was fun until, whoops, your first disappointment."
She points at Gumball, who awkwardly raises his hand in acknowledgement.
Felicity says: "So there you are working all hours to support your family while lover-boy over there is busy growing chins."
She points at Richard who nervously covers his chins.
Felicity says: "Then, whoops, another disappointment."
She points at Darwin who waves both arms.
Felicity says: "Followed by a third that you still dream is better than the others, I get it."
Felicity says: "You know you'll never succeed so you want your kids to succeed for you."
Felicity says: "You hope that being friends with someone like me will help you climb that ladder, but you're living a lie."
Felicity says: "You are not good enough, they are not good enough, you've either got it or you haven't, and you haven't."
Felicity says: "So just be happy with who you really are."
Richard, Gumball, and Darwin chuckle very nervously as Nicole puts on a smile with scowling eyes.
Nicole says: "Fair enough, you wanna see who I really am?"
Nicole suddenly turns into a hulking, roaring red demon with curling horns and glowing yellow eyes. The view returns to the conversation at the coffee table as in the background Richard is trying to hold back demon Nicole who is attacking Felicity, trying to defend herself with a dining chair.
Anais says: "This is probably the first time I've had a civilized conversation with anyone in this house."
Billy says: "I concur, most social interaction with people of my age's just mere pitiful and whimsy, but with you it's..."
Billy says: "it's..."
Anais says: "Insightful!"
Billy says: "Delightful!"
Anais and Billy says: "A positive joy!"
Anais and Billy step outside and start singing "Just You and Me".
Could live a life in perfect harmony.
That's satisfying intellectually.
And wave suburbia good-bye.
Anais and Billy says: "We'll have such a lovely time."
The scene returns to the dinner table, where demon Nicole has Felicity in her clutches and is chewing on her head.
Gumball says: "Mom, MOM!"
Nicole says: "Come on, this isn't the first time you've seen me chew someone out."
Gumball says: "No, not that, that!"
The view changes to show him pointing at the empty coffee table. Demon Nicole spits out Felicity and they rush over to the living room. They all look at the abandoned table with Nicole returned to normal, then at the open front door. Nicole and Felicity groan at each other and burst into a cat fight.
Nicole says: "This is your fault!"
Felicity says: "No, it's your fault!"
Gumball shoves them apart.
Gumball says: "This is both of your faults!"
Gumball says: "They knew you'll never let them be together so they ran away!"
Gumball says: "But if you wanna find them you're gonna have to work together."
Nicole and Felicity angrily sigh and cross their arms in agreement. They all run out to the porch.
Finding Anais and Billy.
Nicole says: "Quick, get in the car."
Felicity says: "No, we're taking mine."
Felicity says: "I can't be seen in that heap of junk."
All but Felicity and Nicole are in the car.
Darwin says: "Guys, come on, we gotta work together."
Darwin says: "Like this!"
Darwin taps his hands together. Felicity and Nicole raise eyebrows in confusion.
Gumball says: "He means..."
Gumball clasps his fingers together to symbolize harmony.
Felicity and Nicole says: "Ohh."
Felicity says: "I'm sorry, you're not getting me in that car."
Nicole says: "Challenge accepted."
Nicole picks up Felicity, who crosses her arms and stays stiff like a board. She repeatedly rams Felicity into the car door window, presumably to shove her inside.
Gumball says: "Uh, do you want me to roll down the window?"
Nicole says: "Just a few more times."
She rams Felicity into the window again.
Nicole says: "Okay, that'll do."
She throws Felicity into the passenger seat, upside-down. Then she gets behind the wheel and thrusts her foot onto the gas pedal and the car screeches onto the road.
The second part of "Just You and Me" plays.
Anais and Billy says: "And we'll do everything your way!"
We'll watch a movie made in Norway!
We'll only go to shows on Broadway!
Billy says: "And I shall wear a hat indoors."
Shot of inside the car as Nicole and Felicity are fighting over the wheel.
Nicole says: "They would've gone to the museum."
Felicity says: "No, they would've gone to the library."
Nicole says: "The museum!"
Felicity says: "The library!"
Nicole says: "THE MUSEUM!"
Gumball shoves them apart.
Gumball says: "Alright, enough!"
Gumball says: "Just in case you haven't noticed we haven't gone anywhere for fifteen minutes!"
An exterior view of the car reveals that they have stopped in the middle of the road with horn-sounding cars whizzing by.
Gumball says: "If you can't agree then I'll deal with it!"
Nicole and Felicity get out of the car and then squeeze into the back seat by Darwin and Richard. Gumball sits behind the wheel, puts on his seat-belt and shifts gears.
Gumball says: "Hold on to your hats!"
Just when it seems like the car will start moving, the windshield wipers turn on instead.
Gumball says: "Okay, I don't actually know how to make this thing move, so we're gonna run!"
The third part of "Just You and Me" plays.
Billy says: "I'll grow a beard!"
Anais says: "And I'll wear specs."
And play our vinyl all day long.
The scene changes to show the folks in the car now dashing across the suburbs on foot.
Felicity says: "This is your daughter's influence."
Felicity says: "Billy's never misbehaved before."
Nicole says: "'Cause you're so overbearing!"
Nicole says: "I mean the kid still looks like an egg!"
Nicole says: "I bet you even sit on him, you..."
Nicole says: "suffocator!"
They all abruptly stop running.
Felicity says: "Call me that one more time."
Nicole says: "Suffocator!"
They begin to fight. The screen changes to show the three other Wattersons watching them while fighting sounds are clearly heard offscreen.
Gumball says: "Dad, step in!"
Richard says: "Son, when a new mother enters the pride she tests the boundaries of the matriarch's dominance."
Felicity says: "Eww!"
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Richard says: "Oh, that's just territorial scent-marking."
Gumball says: "So what do we do?"
Richard says: "Just stand back and witness how beautiful and scary nature can be."
Nicole and Felicity are shown among dust clouds, bashing each other only with their heads, in slow motion.
Darwin says: "There they are!"
They see Anais and Billy running happily into the museum at regular speed.
Felicity and Nicole says: "Where?"
Gumball runs past Darwin at regular speed, dragging him by the hand.
Gumball says: "Dude, we haven't got all day, come on!"
They all run into the museum at regular speed. In the museum, in front of a painting, Anais and Billy sing the final part of their song.
And we'll become completely lost in art.
And then we'll-.
Gumball says: "Guys!"
Gumball says: "Listen, you don't have to run away."
Anais says: "We didn't run."
Billy says: "We walked, sensibly."
Gumball says: "No, you guys ran away because our two families were standing between your love."
Anais says: "What do you mean "love"?"
Anais says: "Conversational sets of words that contain a subject, verb and statement?"
Billy says: "Russian literature!"
Anais says: "And german electronic music!"
Billy says: "And existentialism!"
Anais says: "And mid-century modern architecture!"
Darwin puts Nicole's and Felicity's hands together as they all witness this romantic scene.
Billy says: "And Japanese cuisine!"
Anais says: "And Daisy the Donkey!"
Billy says: "Ahahahahahah!"
Billy says: "In a ironic way of course."
Anais says: "What?"
Anais says: "No, I love Daisy."
Billy says: "Oh, I am Daisy, the incarnation of the dumbing-down of a whole nation of children, while cashing in on merchandising!"
Anais says: "Well, what show do you watch?"
Billy says: "Fireman Pete, of course."
Anais says: "Sorry Billy, but that's a deal-breaker."
Anais leaves the room with quiet disgust as everyone is left standing surprised at the shattering of the romantic atmosphere. Nicole sighs as Felicity lets go of her hand and crosses her arms.
Felicity says: "Oh, thank gosh I won't have to pretend to like you!"
Nicole punches Felicity without even turning around. The episode ends abruptly as Felicity flies off and crashes into something off-screen.