Skater Boy.
At the start of the episode, Richard is on the roof in front of his children's bedroom window. He studies the cordless nail gun in his hand before trying to use it on the shingles. Not realizing that it is upside down, he presses the trigger numerous times, unintentionally shooting the nails skyward. A deflated hot-air balloon plummets behind him, its occupant screaming, but he remains unaware of his error. Eventually, Richard peers into what he believes to be the barrel in an attempt to deduce the problem.
Gumball says: "No!"
Startled, Richard yelps, firing the gun by accident. The nail lodges itself in the window frame directly above his sons, as they duck for cover.
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "I was trying to fix the roof."
Richard says: "And you saved me."
Gumball says: "Uh, no, I just saved my skateboard."
He points at the board, which is partly covering a hole in the roof. Richard drops the nail gun and picks it up instead.
Richard says: "Oh, is that what this thing is?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, why?"
Darwin says: "What did you use it for?"
Richard says: "Uhh..."
During his flashback, he first uses it as a nail file, reducing his fingers to nubs.
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Next, Richard tries it as a chopping block, and the deck hits his face when he cuts on the nose.
Richard says: "Hmm..."
At the grocery store, he is entirely naked save for his makeshift censor bar. Felicity screams when she sees him, and he starts running.
Hand Security Officer says: "Stop right there!"
Richard says: "Hmm..."
The show returns to the present.
Richard says: "I've been using it for that thing Gumball said."
Richard says: "Land surfing."
Gumball says: "Skateboarding, Dad."
Richard says: "Yeah, but that still doesn't explain why you own a skateboard."
Gumball says: "Uh, duh!"
Gumball says: "'Cause I'm a skater!"
A number of nearby townspeople spontaneously burst into laughter.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why is everyone laughing?"
Darwin says: "I'm pretty sure Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad is laughing so he doesn't feel left out."
Darwin says: "But the others are laughing because you're clearly a poseur."
Gumball says: "Oh, oh!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean I'm a poser?"
Darwin says: "Well, I've never seen you ride a skateboard before."
Gumball says: "Yeah, there's a lot of things you've never seen me do."
Darwin says: "You mean like how I've never seen you from profile?"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Darwin says: "Well, like how you always hold your head at a three-quarter angle because you look weird otherwise."
Darwin says: "So you're saying you're a skater?"
Gumball says: "Totally."
Darwin says: "So you can skate?"
Gumball says: "Yes?"
Darwin says: "So if I were to ask you to do a trick right now with this very board, you could?"
Gumball says: "Sure?"
Darwin glares at him, and he grows increasingly nervous.
Darwin says: "Awesome!"
Darwin says: "Then you can teach me!"
On the roof, Richard is still pretending to laugh, when the nails rain down on his head. Gumball and Darwin exit from the front of the house, the latter garbed in protective gear.
Gumball says: "What are you wearing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "What's wrong?"
Gumball says: "Dude, you don't wear safety stuff."
Gumball says: "You just carry it with you at all times, so people know you're choosing not to wear it."
Darwin says: "But what if I hurt myself bad?"
Gumball says: "Then you get to feature in Elmore Streams' fail compilation of the week."
Darwin says: "What if I hurt myself really, really bad?"
Gumball says: "Then you get to feature in Elmore Streams' fail compilation of the month."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, before you can even get on the board, you need to look the part."
Wear and Tear.
Gumball and Darwin head to Elmore Mall and make their way to Skate'R'us.
Gumball says: "Skaters wear like, rags, and shoelaces for belts, because their identities can't be bought."
Darwin says: "Where do they get their clothes from, then?"
Darwin says: "The thrift store?"
Gumball says: "No, from the skate shop."
Darwin says: "What's the difference?"
They enter the store, then immediately come out again with matching outfits.
Gumball says: "Everything costs ten times as much."
Soulless Office Worker passes by in the foreground.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "You sad conformist drone!"
Several other skaters leave the shop dressed the same as Gumball and Darwin.
Skaters says: "Ha!"
Skaters says: "You sad conformist drone!"
Gumball says: "That's right."
The brothers head to another part of the mall.
Gumball says: "Okay, now we have to figure out whether you ride goofy or regular."
Darwin says: "I do feel kind of goofy right now."
Gumball says: "I'm talking about how you stand on the board, dude."
Gumball says: "Do you lead with your left foot, or with your right foot?"
Darwin says: "I believe all feet were created equal."
Gumball says: "Okay, which foot do you write with?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Okay, just let yourself fall forward."
Darwin complies, face-planting against the floor.
Gumball says: "What was that?"
Darwin says: "I thought that was some kinda skater trust exercise."
Gumball says: "Okay, do it again."
He falls on his face a second time, and Gumball sighs.
Darwin says: "You said "Do it again."
Gumball says: "Forget it."
Gumball says: "Come on, let's roll."
Taking the request literally, he curls into a ball.
Gumball says: "I meant it like, let's split dude."
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Darwin stands and, after some straining, manages to bisect his body vertically. Gumball grabs hold of each leg and drags him away.
Historical Inaccuracy.
Outside, Gumball and Darwin are walking past different shops.
Darwin says: "So who invented skateboarding?"
Gumball says: "No one really knows the true history."
Gumball says: "Its origins are clouded in the mystery of many concussions."
Darwin says: "Dude, it's okay to say "I don't know," or "I'll look it up online later."
Gumball says: "Of course I know!"
Gumball says: "It all started a long time ago..."
The re-enactment takes place in Victorian Era England. A young boy runs into a blind alley, pursued by some men.
Man says: "There he is, Lord Hamilton."
Man says: "The ruffian who stole your pocket watch."
Poor Boy says: "Criminy!"
Poor Boy says: "I need to find a way to escape from these here gentlemen."
Poor Boy says: "Maybe there's something I can use in this alley."
He spots a plank of wood leaning against the wall, accompanied by four discarded wheels, and the men draw closer.
Man says: "There's nowhere to run, scallywag!"
His focus switches between the plank and his pursuers.
Poor Boy says: "Hmm."
Poor Boy says: "Hmm—"
Man says: "Got ya!"
A shepherd's crook drags him off-screen, where the boy is severely trounced.
Man says: "Take that!"
Man says: "And that!"
Lord Hamilton goes to inspect the aforementioned items.
Lord Hamilton says: "I say, chaps."
Lord Hamilton says: "I wager one could fashion some sort of vehicle from these."
Man says: "Capital idea, old boy."
Later, a number of people are riding around on primitive skateboards.
Man says: "Good day to you, sir."
Man says: "Yes, a good day to you."
Woman says: "Very good day, sir."
Man says: "Oh, wonderful."
Man says: "Toodle-pip."
Gumball finishes by humming an excerpt of "Rule, Britannia!".
Darwin says: "That story sounds like a load of poppycock, m'lad."
Gumball says: "It doesn't matter, dude."
Gumball says: "What's important is for you to understand the spirit behind skateboarding."
Darwin says: "M'kay, what is it?"
Gumball says: "It's a deep and profound philosophy..."
Gumball says: "that mostly centers around ragging on kids on scooters, and people on roller skates."
Darwin says: "I thought it was about connecting your mind with the street."
Gumball says: "No, that's what your face is for."
Gumball says: "But first, we need to get you a board."
All Decked Out.
Now at their destination, the brothers push open the door of Ollie Vendor. It rings a bell overhead, and they step into the center of a dusty, dimly lit room. Around them, the walls are lined with an assortment of skateboards and other paraphernalia.
Ollie Vendor says: "I've been expecting you."
Gumball says: "Then why are you not..."
Gumball says: "wearing any pants?"
Ollie Vendor says: "All right, I'm gonna level with you."
Ollie Vendor says: "I was not expecting you."
Ollie Vendor says: "What do you want?"
Gumball says: "For you to wear pants."
Gumball says: "And a skateboard for my brother."
Ollie Vendor says: "Hmm..."
Ollie Vendor says: "Ah!"
Ollie Vendor says: "I think I've just the one."
Ollie Vendor says: "This one is made of birch and plywood."
Darwin taps its tail with his foot, causing the deck to flip up and strike his chin.
Darwin says: "Aah!"
The board rolls to the other side of the room and stands on end. A skull adorning the underside comes alive with an evil sounding hiss.
Gumball says: "Do you have something a little more..."
Gumball says: "flexible?"
Ollie Vendor says: "This one is made of bamboo and the tears of factory workers."
As soon as Darwin steps on the deck, it breaks in half.
Ollie Vendor says: "I guess the tears rotted the bamboo."
Ollie Vendor says: "There is..."
Ollie Vendor says: "this one."
When the board is put before Darwin, it appears to glow in the sunlight streaming from a window. A gust of wind rustles his clothing, and he climbs on top. Immediately, he begins to ride around, performing tight circles.
Darwin says: "Whoa!"
Darwin says: "She's the one."
Ollie Vendor says: "Good choice."
Ollie Vendor says: "It's also a bargain, at only a hundred and ninety-nine d—"
Bringing their business elsewhere, they exit a Dollarama, with Darwin sporting a pink, princess skateboard.
Darwin says: "Okay, when do we start to skate?"
Gumball says: "Well, first you have to learn the tricks."
Darwin says: "Then here?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Then..."
Gumball says: "here."
Darwin says: "I have to smell the tricks?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "yes."
Darwin says: "You know what I smell right now?"
Darwin says: "Garbage!"
Gumball says: "Oh, well maybe it's, uh, garbage collecting day."
Darwin says: "That means they'll be collecting you."
Gumball says: "M-My garbage, you mean."
Darwin says: "Mm, yeah."
Gumball says: "Wha?"
Gumball says: "Wh-What are we talking about here?"
Darwin says: "I'm saying it looks to me like you don't know how to skate!"
Feigning offense over the accusation, Gumball proceeds to make repetitive gasping sounds while gesturing with his arms in an exaggerated fashion.
Darwin says: "Hmm."
Darwin says: "I doubted you for a second, but it's obvious from this over-the-top reaction that you can definitely skate!"
Darwin says: "Come on, teach me some tricks!"
Do-Or-Die.
Gumball and Darwin go to a skate park. There, Darwin is watching as his brother silently mouths words.
Darwin says: "And that's called a..."
Darwin says: "mute air?"
Gumball says: "Yes, and the next trick is called the hospital flip."
Darwin says: "Why is it called a hospital—"
Darwin says: "Right."
Gumball says: "Moving on, the next one is called riding fakie."
Gumball says: "Look over there!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "Oh man, you just missed me riding fakie."
Gumball says: "That was awesome."
Darwin says: "Okay, so show me the dark side grind again."
Gumball rubs his board against the seat of his pants.
Darwin says: "Uhh, I think I'm ready now."
Darwin says: "Can we just move on to the part where I actually skate?"
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Darwin says: "Teach me to ollie!"
Gumball says: "Uh-uh I don't think you're ready yet."
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Darwin says: "I'm already doing it."
His speed increasing, he heads toward the park's exit.
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah, and you're going a little too fast."
The path leads him onto a steep downhill street.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Uh, where are the brakes on this vehicle?"
Gumball says: "Dude, jump!"
Darwin says: "It's too fast!"
Darwin says: "Save me!"
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Darwin says: "I thought you were an expert in skateboarding!"
Gumball says: "Ah-ah-ah, I said I was an expert in skateboarding, not an expert skateboarder."
Gumball says: "There's a subtle but important difference."
Darwin says: "What do you mean?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm a poseur, all right?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I never skated because I'm scared of hurting myself, okay?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin crosses his arms, scowling at Gumball as he rolls out of view. Gumball starts to run after his brother, then looks at his board and groans. Following a moment's hesitation, he makes the decision to ride.
Gumball says: "Hm!"
The next scene shifts to different styled animation as Gumball begins to skate down the hill to catch Darwin.
Darwin says: "HELP ME!"
Gumball races to rescue Darwin, displaying an impressive amount of proficiency in the process. Up ahead, Darwin is incessantly screaming and panicking while trying not to fall. Coming to a staircase, he barrels down it by sitting on the board.
Darwin says: "Wh-Wh-Whoah-whoah!"
Darwin says: "Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!"
Before long, Mr. Small comes alongside him on roller blades.
Mister Small​ says: "Come on, jump!"
Mister Small​ says: "I'll catch you."
Darwin says: "Ew."
He resumes screaming, and Mr. Small collides with someone on a scooter. Meanwhile, Gumball continues his pursuit by vaulting over Coach Russo's head, after which he dodges between Tina's stomping feet.
Donut Sheriff says: "Stop in the name of the law!"
Gumball leaps through Doughnut Sheriff's mouth hole, and, upon clearing a few more obstacles, catches up to Darwin.
Gumball says: "Dude, come on!"
Darwin says: "Mmh-mnh-mnh-mnh!"
Jumping onto Darwin, Gumball then manages to hop back onto his own skateboard with his brother in tow. Together, they avoid several other hazards, and the street finally levels out, allowing them to catch their breaths, and the scene reverts back to normal animation.
Gumball says: "Did you see that?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Dude, I can skaaa—"
The wheels suddenly strike a rock, launching them both forward. Back at home, Gumball is outside with his skateboard, surrounded by the same townspeople as earlier.
Gumball says: "Let's see if you're still laughing after this."
He attempts a trick, but fails, and the crowd walks away laughing.
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "Come back!"
Gumball says: "Come back!"
Gumball says: "I'll do it again."
When he flops a second time, the others leave in laughter once more.
Gumball says: "then what's the point in skateboard—"
Gumball slams the board onto the sidewalk, and it rebounds directly into his face.
Gumball says: "Gah!"
The episode ends.