Continued.
The episode starts of with the subtitles "PREVIOUSLY," then the narrator begins speaking.
Narrator says: "Previously on The Amazing World of Gumball..."
Then a bunch of scenes from previous episodes pop up instantaneously and briefly before cutting to where the previous episode had left off.
Narrator says: "But more importantly, the Wattersons have adopted a magical fish called Darwin who they love very much but..."
Narrator says: "accidentally flushed down the toilet."
Darwin says: "Cheese!"
Everyone says: "Ahh!"
Darwin then jumps out of his fishbowl, and lands on the top of the bathroom toilet, on the flusher, and into the toilet, and gets flushed away. The other three watch with shock on their faces as they watch Darwin get flushed farther down the toilet. The view is also in Darwin's perspective.
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
We then see a fading effect, as the scenes then cuts to Darwin being blasted out a sewage exit in the sea, where he then finds a swarm of catfish, near the exit.
Darwin says: "Ahhh!"
Darwin says: "What happened?"
Darwin says: "Where am I?"
Darwin says: "Who am I?"
Darwin says: "How do I get home?"
Darwin says: "What is life?"
Darwin says: "Okay okay, calm down."
Darwin says: "I got flushed, I'm in the sea, my name's Darwin, I don't know how to get home, and life is what you make of it!"
Darwin says: "Everything is cool!"
Darwin says: "Ahhh..."
Darwin says: "How do I get back to Elmore?"
The Catfish says: "Ohhh."
They all go to the top of the sea.
Catfish says: "Woah, woah, woah, let me get this straight."
Catfish says: "Your mom's a cat, your dad's a rabbit, and they made a fish?"
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "They bought me from a magic van."
The fish flap their fins in laughter.
Catfish says: "And they flushed you down what?"
Darwin says: "A toilet."
Darwin says: "It's a thing they sit on to..."
Darwin says: "you know."
Darwin says: "Anyway, thanks for showing me the way back to land."
Catfish says: "Yeah, but fish can't survive on land."
Darwin says: "I'll find a way."
Darwin says: "Love always finds a way."
Catfish says: "You said a lot of crazy things today, but that is by far the most stupid!"
Catfish says: "You can't survive out of water!"
Darwin says: "I have no other choice."
Darwin then swims down, and we see Darwin still swimming down, but this time with a more realistic scene of the ocean waves as he continuously swims farther down underwater to attempt to make a landing.
Catfish says: "Huh?"
Scene cuts back to Darwin, who is still swimming down underwater with all of his might. Then he jumps out of the water in slow-motion. The scene then cuts to where the catfish are, now all looking at Darwin.
Catfish says: "He's gonna make it!"
All the catfish are still looking at Darwin, who is still seen jumping out of the water in slow-motion, then after about a second, he falls onto the nearby shore, face flat on the sand, not moving at all.
Catfish says: "Eh, maybe not."
Camera zooms into Darwin's heart and Transitions into Gumball's heart.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "He'll need this when he comes back."
Richard says: "Gumball..."
Gumball says: "I know he's trying to get back."
Gumball says: "I can feel it, here."
Richard says: "In your stomach?"
Nicole says: "In his heart, Richard."
Nicole says: "Not everyone's stomach fills their whole chest."
Gumball says: "Come back, buddy..."
Gumball says: "I believe in you."
Camera then zooms into Gumball's heart which then transitions to Darwin's heart which starts beating and grows lungs. Darwin then takes a deep gasp of air as he wakes up. The fish rejoice.
Catfish says: "Told you he'd make it."
Darwin says: "Nice to meet you fish friends, but now I must begin my incredible journey, to hurry back to my family."
Darwin says: "Goodbye!"
He's on His Way!
As he sings, various sceneries are shown as he crawls through them.
Darwin says: "I'm on my way!"
Darwin says: "I'm on my way!"
Darwin says: "I've got my lungs, and that's a start, and I've got love inside my heart."
Getting Legs.
Transition into Wattersons' house where Richard painted his mouth to resemble Darwin and stayed behind the fishbowl.
Richard says: "Look, Gumball, we've tried everything we can to make you feel better."
Richard says: "But I don't think Darwin is ever coming back."
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I'm not going to give up!"
Gumball says: "Darwin wouldn't give up, and if he did I'd be there for him and I'd..."
Gumball says: "I'd kick him in the butt."
We then see the warped-like tunnel again, which travels back to Darwin's heart, and his heart can be seen again, just as it could be seen previously.
Gumball says: "Kick him in the butt..."
After Gumball's voice can be heard, Darwin's heart suddenly grows a pair of legs to literally represent Gumball's sentence of encouragement.
Alison says: "Ahhh!"
Darwin says: "Thank you!"
Darwin says: "I'm really hungry!"
He then runs along to the park, where a young Teri can be seen riding on a little bunny springer.
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Darwin says: "I'm looking for my friend Gumball!"
Teri says: "Ahhh!"
Teri then floats away along with the wind off screen.
Darwin says: "Is she okay?"
Darwin says: "Oh good!"
Sussie says: "When I grow up, I want to be a lawyer like you, Father."
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Sussie's Parents says: "Ahhh!"
Sussie's Parents says: "A talking dog!"
Sussie makes weird noises.
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Darwin says: "Hello!"
Jackie​​​ says: "Somebody call pest control!"
Transition into Wattersons' family again to find them all outside trying to put posters up to help find Darwin.
Nicole says: "Have you seen this boy's fish?"
Gumball says: "Just put up a picture of Darwin!"
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard says: "Sorry."
Richard says: "There."
Gumball says: "No no no, not just Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Buddy..."
Gumball says: "please come back."
Both their hearts beat at the same time.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Gumbal-  Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Let me out!"
Darwin says: "I need to get back to my family!"
Sausage Dog says: "Family, huh?"
Sausage Dog says: "I used to have one of those too."
Sausage Dog says: "You need to let go son."
Sausage Dog says: "The sooner you forget about them, the less it'll hurt."
Darwin says: "But they were right there."
Darwin says: "I..."
Darwin says: "I need to get back to them."
Darwin says: "I need to get back..."
Darwin says: "I need to get back..."
Reuniting.
The Wattersons' house.
Gumball says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "What?"
Richard says: "You said to put up all the posters."
Gumball says: "Not in the same place!"
Gumball says: "It's no good."
Gumball says: "We'll never find him anyway."
Camera zooms into his heart which turns black and hard and blows up.
Gumball says: "We'll never find him anyway.."
Darwin says: "He gave up..."
Darwin says: "It's all over."
Darwin says: "This is the end."
Darwin says: "There's no way out."
Sausage Dog says: "Oh, the keys!"
Darwin says: "I know, I know you were right."
Darwin says: "The key to this is to just let go."
Darwin says: "I opened my heart once and look what happened!"
Show Dog says: "THE KEY!"
Show Dog says: "YOU'RE STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO THE KEY!"
Darwin says: "Come on guys!"
Darwin says: "Let's get out of here!"
Darwin says: "Goodbye!"
Darwin says: "Good luck finding your families!"
Nicole says: "Come on, honey."
Richard says: "Cheer up, son!"
Richard says: "You know what they say!"
Nicole says: "Shh!"
Richard says: "What?"
Nicole says: "You were gonna say..."
Nicole says: "you know."
Richard says: "I was gonna say there's plenty more love in a heart for a new friend."
Nicole says: "People don't say that!"
Richard says: "Too soon."
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "I guess it's time to get a new Darwin..."
They get into the car and drive away and we see Darwin running towards them in the distance.
Darwin says: "I'm here!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "I am here!"
Darwin says: "Don't replace me!"
Darwin says: "I'm here!"
Darwin says: "Waiiiiit!"
Nicole says: "Hold on!"
Nicole says: "the bowl is like fifteen times the price of the fish."
The Wattersons drive off as Darwin runs after them.
Nicole says: "Look!"
Nicole says: "The Rainbow Factory's opening."
Nicole says: "Maybe I could get a job there."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Richard says: "You won't need a job once my business idea pays off."
Nicole says: "What business idea?"
Darwin says: "You!"
Darwin says: "Follow that car!"
Pantsbully says: "Okay!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "With me!"
Darwin says: "With me!"
Richard says: "It's called the Internet."
Richard says: "It's a place where you exchange different types of nets."
Richard says: "Fishing nets, hair nets, butterfly nets..."
Richard says: ".."
Richard says: "So you just hire different nets with different sizes!"
Larry says: "Sir, I have my own net."
Darwin says: "I'm here!"
Darwin says: "I'm here!"
Darwin says: "Don't replace me!"
Larry says: "Here you go, little fella."
Darwin sees Gumball getting a new fish and sadly walks out the parking lot but as he walks away Gumball's heart starts beating again.
Gumball says: "Darwin..."
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "There's only one Darwin!"
Gumball says: "He's here!"
Gumball says: "Darwin's here!"
Gumball says: "I can feel it!"
Nicole says: "Gumball, wait!"
Finally Reunited.
At the parking lot Gumball and Darwin finally see each other.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Gumball and Darwin run in slow-motion towards each other and hug.
Richard says: "Darwin!"
Nicole says: "You came back!"
Gumball says: "You have legs?"
Gumball says: "How?"
Darwin says: "I don't know how, but I know why."
Richard says: "It wasn't for revenge, was it?"
Darwin says: "It's okay."
Darwin says: "I know you didn't flush me on purpose, Mr."
Darwin says: "Watterson."
Richard says: "Please son."
Richard says: "Call me Dad."
Darwin says: "Okay, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad."
Nicole says: "Darwin!"
Nicole says: "Your little feet."
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Hold on..."
Gumball says: "here."
Darwin says: "Thank you."
Darwin says: "I'll never take them off."
Nicole says: "So..."
Nicole says: "how did you manage to make it back to Elmore?"
Darwin says: "I'll tell you in the form of a song."
A song is about to begin with the bird, the fish and the dogs singing a tune but Gumball and Darwin are already asleep. Then, Richard shushes Nicole so they can sleep and they drive home as the sun sets.
Episode ends.