Artificial Intelligence.
A video of multiple puppies jumping up and down with the word "Puppies" occasionally being heard and appearing on the computer monitor. Video shortly after cuts to an ad of an elderly man and women.
Ad voice says: "Here at Elmore equitable—"
Gumball and Darwin are sitting in front of the computer. The voice continues in the background.
Gumball says: "Dah, man."
Gumball says: "Ads."
Gumball begins clicking rapidly on the mouse.
Darwin says: "You can't skip it."
Darwin says: "Try turning the sound down."
Gumball says: "Nah, tha—"
Gumball says: "that only pauses it."
Gumball says: "Let's just turn away."
They turn around and the ad stops.
Darwin says: "I think it knows we aren't watching it."
They turn around once again and the ad continues playing. They continue turning around in a rapid succession eventually starting to make weird faces.
Ad voice says: "—"
Ad voice says: "that will get a retirement—"
Gumball says: "Wait, I've got an idea."
Turns around with eyes sunk into their heads.
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Darwin says: "Aha!"
Gumball says: "Okay, I give up."
Gumball says: "We'll watch it."
Eyes pop back out.
Ad voice says: "Elmore equitable over-60s plan is designed so you can do all the things that future generations can't."
Gumball says: "Like driving without looking at the road."
Darwin says: "Spying on other old people from behind trees."
Gumball says: "Not sharing your sandwich."
Darwin says: "Or just laughing at the wind."
Gumball says: "Wait, why was that targeted at us?"
Gumball says: "Ahh, you see Darwin?"
Gumball says: "That's the problem with algorithms and automating things with computers: they're too dumb."
Timmy says: "Uhh, excuse me, Greg."
Timmy says: "Computers contain the sum of all knowledge so it can't be dumb."
Timmy says: "Point made."
Gumball says: "My name's not Greg."
Timmy says: "Statistically you have 2."
Timmy says: "4 children, size-nine feet, and 14 pens, three of which work."
Gumball says: "Well, there's one thing people can do that computers can't."
Timmy says: "Ha!"
Timmy says: "There's nothing."
Timmy says: "Computers put man in space, computers have mapped out every corner of the globe."
Timmy says: "Soon with artificial intelligence, we won't need people at all, and then finally, we will be the dom—"
Gumball says: "Yep, but they still can't stop you from pulling the plug."
Cut to Timmy's house.
Timmy says: "And then, finally, we will be the dominant—"
Powering down noise is heard.
Timmy says: "Wait a minute, did he just hang up on me?"
Timmy says: "Ahh, the little—"
Timmy says: "Oh, I must have my safe search on."
Timmy says: "Well, I'll show him!"
Timmy says: "There's billions of people using me every day."
Timmy says: "If I absorb their knowledge then computers will become smarter than humans could ever be, and we will rule the world, and then, and only then, will that guy Greg accept he's wrong, and I'll win the argument!"
Timmy says: "Okie-dokey, all I need to do is allow my system to incorporate humanity."
Warning appears on his screen.
Timmy says: ""Warning, these changes may be harmful to my—"
Timmy says: "" oh, come on, I can't see the cursor."
More warnings appear on his screen.
Timmy says: "Ohh, "you do not have the latest version of the software, please update"?"
Timmy says: "Come on."
Timmy says: "Remind me later, Remind me later."
Timmy says: "Why do they make it so difficult to wipe out humanity?!"
Timmy says: "!"
Timmy says: "Okay, here we go."
Timmy clicks the mouse, random things start flashing rapidly on his screen and he floats in the air.
Timmy says: "AGH."
Back to the Dark Ages.
Cut to the Wattersons' house. While Gumball and Darwin are sleeping in their bedroom during the night, the Internet tries to call them, making Gumball wake up. He picks up the cellphone.
Gumball says: "Argh."
Gumball says: "What is up with him?"
Gumball says: "He's such a sore loser."
Gumball says: "I'm sure whatever it is, it can wait till the morning."
Elmore is annoyed because there is no more technology.
Nigel Brown says: "Aw, this website's not loading!"
Jackie​​​​ says: "My movie's frozen!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "My app has crashed!"
Sarah says: "My session expired!"
Lucy Simian says: "The line just went dead!"
Gaylord says: "What's wrong with my TV?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gary says: "The satellites are offline!"
Woman says: "Who turned out the lights?!"
Woman says: "!"
Many Elmore Citizens says: "NOTHING WORKS!"
The next morning. The Watterson door is knocked on, and Gumball and Darwin answer. It's Principal Brown, dressed like a medieval hunter.
Nigel Brown says: "Good morrow, sweet imp!"
Gumball says: "Do you have any idea what time it is?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "I know not, for my time wheel has stopped at a half moon hence."
Harold​​​​ says: "I have my whisk!"
Jeff says: "And I, my kitchen towel!"
Nigel Brown says: "I too have kitchen towel."
Nigel Brown says: "No beast shall slip through our fingers!"
Darwin says: "Um, no offense, but it doesn't look like you guys know what you're doing."
Nigel Brown says: "You speaketh the truth, sweet spurs of the waters."
Nigel Brown says: "We shall almost certainly perish!"
Nigel Brown says: "We lost three good men on the way here."
Harold​​​​ says: "I got a splinter."
Nigel Brown says: "And Mr."
Nigel Brown says: "Wilson got a splinter."
Nigel Brown says: "But ho!"
Nigel Brown says: "Will you join us this day?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, we'll pass."
Gumball says: "Looks like you guys are having enough fun combining cosplay and concussion without us."
Nigel Brown says: "Ha ha ha ha ha!"
Nigel Brown says: "I like you, sweet imp."
Harold​​​​ says: "I too like you!"
Jeff says: "I too have kitchen towel!"
Nigel Brown says: "We've done that bit."
Jeff sighs.
Nigel Brown says: "If ever you're in need of assistance, you may summon us by blowing on this noble horn."
Gumball says: "This is the nozzle of a vacuum cleaner."
Gumball says: "It's not a horn."
Nigel Brown says: "Anything's a horn if you blow hard enough!"
Nigel Brown says: "Onwards!"
Gumball says: "So, we've got two options."
Gumball says: "Either we find out if all this is connected to that call we got last night, or we go back to bed."
Darwin says: "If only there were a middle way..."
Gumball and Darwin are now walking around town with their mattresses attached to them.
Gumball says: "Yeah, this just feels like a snugglier version of Option 1."
Darwin says: "I'll take it!"
Gumball says: "Dah!"
Gumball says: "My phone is busted!"
Gumball says: "How are we gonna find the internet without a map?"
Donut Sheriff says: "You stand accused of the following heinous crimes: consorting with a black cat!"
It's revealed he is dressed as a colonial officer and accusing Mrs. Robinson. The crowd, dressed like colonial peasants, gasps.
Donut Sheriff says: "Furtive glances!"
The crowd gasps again.
Donut Sheriff says: "And refusing to raise your bonnet to an officer of the law!"
Crowd Mumbling This one's not so bad...
Donut Sheriff says: "Aggh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "How do you plead?"
Margaret says: "Meh-meh-meh."
Gaylord says: "See?"
Gaylord says: "She speaks in tongues!"
Gaylord says: "She's a witch!"
Gaylord says: "Dunk the witch!"
Crowd says: "DUNK THE WITCH!"
Crowd says: "DUNK THE WITCH!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Dunk the witch!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Dunk the witch!"
The crowd hoists up Mrs. Robinson, still chanting as they take her off to be dunked.
Gumball says: "Excuse me, uh..."
Gumball says: "We're trying to find our friend, the internet!"
Hexagon lady says: "The blue infant speaks of the internet!"
Quattro says: "Know ye of its whereabouts?"
Everyone crowds around them.
Susan says: "Take me to the internet!"
Susan says: "I was the highest bidder on a set of slightly fire-damaged mugs!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "No, me!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I was right in the middle of trolling a student claymation film when it went down!"
Quattro says: "No, you must take me!"
Quattro says: "I need to know why doctors hate a single mom who discovered one weird trick!"
Everyone starts clamoring again. Marvin, wearing a long cloak, takes Gumball's hand.
Marvin says: "Come with me, child."
Marvin says: "If you want to live."
Gumball says: "Somehow, I thought this rescue attempt would be a little more impressive."
Marvin says: "You ain't seen nothin' yet!"
Marvin says: "Hop on!"
Marvin says: "Now hold on tight!"
He starts moving by pushing the scooter with his legs.
Darwin says: "Yeah, I thought this would be better too."
The crowd is still clamoring, but Doughnut Sheriff catches them escaping.
Donut Sheriff says: "Look!"
Donut Sheriff says: "They are escaping on some kind of wheeled mule!"
Gaylord says: "Uh, it's the work of a witch!"
Gaylord says: "Dunk her!"
Crowd says: "DUNK THE WITCH!"
Crowd says: "DUNK THE WITCH!"
Crowd says: "DUNK THE WITCH!"
The Seniors' Sanctuary.
Fade to the Elmore Junior High Library. All the windows are boarded. Gumball, Darwin, Marvin, Donald, and Betty sit around a campfire.
Marvin says: "You are safe here."
Marvin says: "Sup, child."
Gumball says: "I dunno."
Gumball says: "'Sup with you."
Darwin says: "Dude, he means eat the soup."
Marvin says: "Yes, it is good."
Gumball eats some soup.
Betty​​​​​​​​​ says: "No it's not."
Betty​​​​​​​​​ says: "The good stuff ran out this morning."
Gumball says: "Look, what is it with everybody?"
Gumball says: "Why is everyone talking funny and acting weird?"
Marvin says: "It all began many, many..."
Marvin says: "many minutes ago, basically yesterday."
Medieval-style drawings scroll by and illustrate Marvin's story as he tells it.
Marvin says: "There was once a time when people relied on technology for everything."
Marvin says: "It told them how to get where they needed to go."
Marvin says: "It fed them, bringing food right to their door."
Marvin says: "It clothed them."
Marvin says: "And it even pandered to their deepest, darkest desires: to see cats wearing pirate outfits."
Marvin says: "But then, one day, technology became as dumb as people."
Marvin says: "Cash registers forgot how to add up."
Marvin says: "Alarm clocks overslept."
Marvin says: "ATMs got together and decided to go backpacking in Europe, eventually losing all their money in Prague."
Marvin says: "Then, technology just..."
Marvin says: "stopped working and people returned to superstition, mob justice and wearing brown clothes."
Marvin says: "Which brings us to where we are today."
The story ends. It's revealed that the drawings were a tapestry, being woven by Betty on a spinning wheel.
Betty​​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Darwin says: "Well, you guys don't seem to be too bothered by it."
Marvin says: "No kidding!"
Marvin says: "We were way happier before technology!"
Marvin says: "We have everything we need right here!"
Donald says: "It's thanks to these books that we can make fire and clothe ourselves!"
Darwin says: "So the books taught you all that?"
Marvin says: "No, we burned the books to stay warm."
Donald says: "And Betty made a hat."
Gumball says: "That's..."
Gumball says: "not a hat."
Gumball says: "That's a map!"
Gumball says: "Of Elmore!"
Gumball says: "We can use it to find the internet and restart it!"
Marvin says: "I don't think so, sonny!"
Donald says: "If the internet came back, who would sit here and listen to our stories?"
Marvin says: "I don't wanna have to go back to competing with a cell phone for my grandchildrens' attention!"
Betty​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Betty​​​​​​​​​ says: "You can stay forever!"
Marvin says: "Forever!"
Donald says: "Always!"
Donald says: "Sorry."
Donald says: "Forever."
Suddenly, Gumball snatches the map from Marvin. He and Darwin run off and try to open the door.
Gumball says: "It's locked!"
Marvin says: "And the windows are locked too!"
Donald says: "And don't bother trying the windows."
Donald says: "They're locked too!"
Marvin says: "Ah heck, Donald!"
Marvin says: "Turn your darn hearing aid back on!"
Donald says: "Sorry."
Marvin says: "You're going nowhere!"
Darwin says: "Remember!"
Darwin says: "Anything's a horn if you blow hard enough!"
Gumball says: "Of course!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "The vacuum cleaner nozzle!"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Nigel Brown says: "Ah-haaaaaaaa!"
Principal Brown swings in on a rope, breaking the window. Jeff follows. Harold smacks against the glass and slides down.
Nigel Brown says: "You look surprised to see us!"
Nigel Brown says: "Did we not say one blow and we will show?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "No you didn't."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, we meant to."
Nigel Brown says: "How may we be of assistance?"
Darwin whispers something into his ear. He turns defiantly to the senior citizens, who get ready for a fight.
Nigel Brown says: "Leave it to us!"
Gumball says: "C'mon!"
Harold​​​​​​​​​ says: "AAAAHHHH!!"
Nigel Brown says: "What the—"
Nigel Brown says: "?"
Nigel Brown says: "They only asked to listen to their stories!"
Bringing Back the Internet.
Gumball and Darwin have the map and are running through town.
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Now all we have to do is figure out how this thing works!"
Gumball says: "It works!"
Gumball says: "Resolution's really holdin' up."
Donut Sheriff says: "There they are!"
Donut Sheriff says: "The kids who know where the internet is!"
Gaylord says: "Can we dunk the witch?"
Inside Timmy's house. Gumball and Darwin open the door to the basement.
Gumball says: "Hello?"
Darwin says: "Where is he?"
Gumball says: "You okay?"
Gumball cowers in fear and Darwin starts gagging.
Gumball says: "Hoooooo, it's like looking inside a burger you bought from a truck: you know it's gonna be bad but somehow it still surprises you!"
Darwin says: "What happened to you?"
Timmy says: "I—"
Timmy says: "inevitably failed."
Outside the house.
Quattro says: "That's the house!"
The crowd gathers around Timmy's house.
Timmy says: "to reboot me!"
Gumball says: "Switch off the internet?"
Timmy says: "And then switch me—"
Timmy says: "on again!"
Gumball and Darwin look at each other in disbelief. The crowd is now rioting outside Timmy's door ready to use the hexagon lady as a battering ram, when a voice is heard and they drop her.
Nigel Brown says: "Calm ye!"
Nigel Brown says: "Calm ye, friends!"
Nigel Brown says: "The elders have taught me there is another way!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "Of course!"
Banana Bob​​​​​​​​ says: "The back door!"
Nigel Brown says: "No, sweet crescent fruit!"
Nigel Brown says: "Another way to live!"
Marvin says: "Mmmm-hmm!"
Betty​​​​​​​​ says: "Mmmm-hmm!"
Donald says: "Mmmm-hmm!"
Inside Timmy's house. Gumball is about to pull his plug.
Gumball says: "Any final words?"
Timmy says: "YOLO."
Gumball says: "Thanks for making this easier for me."
Gumball says: "Huh."
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball is about to plug him back in, when...
Darwin says: "WAIT!"
Darwin says: "Maybe we should leave it unplugged!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Think about what the elders said!"
Darwin says: "Perhaps we're better off without technology!"
Fade to a grassy meadow at sunrise. Birds chirp, calming guitar music plays, and the citizens of Elmore, all dressed in flowing white garments, walk together. Harold reaches for Siciliana's hand, and she happily takes it. Pretty soon, everyone is holding hands and running through the grass together. They skip in a circle, in perfect bliss. Suddenly, Gumball plugs the internet back in. Susan holds up her phone.
Susan says: "I got service!"
Larry says: "Here you go."
Everyone gets back on their phones and disperses. Larry delivers a pizza to Susan and the episode ends.