The Amazing World of Elmore.
The Moon sets while the Sun rises over Elmore.
Basketball says: "Look up."
Sewer Cap says: "Look down."
Trees says: "Look all around."
Toothbrush says: "We are all over this whole town."
Traffic Lights says: "You can find us on the street."
Couch says: "In your house."
Mold says: "Under your seat."
Frozen Fish says: "We are also in your store."
Pants says: "We are cleaner than before."
Billboards says: "We're the amazing world of Elmore!"
Bacteria says: "We are here to give you flu."
Hundred Dollar Bill says: "People like me more than you."
Frog says: "I'm still waiting to be kissed."
Disc says: "I don't know why I still exist."
Pen says: "I am here to help you write."
Anais is rummaging through the drawers.
Sock says: "You always buy us by the pair."
Other Sock says: "But you won't find me anywhere!"
Other Sock says: "Whee!"
Planets says: "We like to turn and turn and turn!"
Gumball's brain says: "I try hard but never learn."
Pillow says: "I like to listen to your dreams."
Brown's Glasses says: "There's more to us than meets the eye."
Bus Stop Sign says: "Try to look when you go by!"
Utensils says: "We love."
Bacon says: "We laugh."
Eggs says: "We laugh."
Plug Socket says: "We cry."
All Objects says: "We do all of this and more, 'cause we're the amaaaazing woooorld of Elmorrrrrrrre!"
Skit 1 - The Sun, Moon and Earth.
[A scene that is similar to 2001 says: "A Space Odyssey's opening plays, then it is revealed that the Moon and Earth are the ones singing."
The Sun says: "Oh man."
The Sun says: "Do you really have to do this every morning?"
The Moon says: "Yes, I do!"
The Moon says: "'CAUSE I CAN!!!"
The Sun gets even more irritated.
Skit 2 - Annoying Light Switch.
Cut to Gumball, Darwin and Anais's room.
Light Switch says: "Psst!"
Light Switch says: "Hey dude!"
Light Bulb sighs; the Light Switch is amused.
Light Switch says: "Hey!"
Light Switch says: "Hey!"
Light Switch says: "Light Bulb!"
Light Bulb says: "Yeah, yeah..."
Light Bulb says: "very funny."
Light Switch says: "Hey!"
Light Switch says: "Light Bulb, Light Bulb!"
Light bulb says: "Would you mind giving it a rest for just one—"
Light Switch gradually stops laughing.
Light Switch says: "Dude."
Light Switch says: "LIGHT BULB!"
Light Switch says: "NOOO—"
Both are having fun laughing with Light Switch toggling on and off constantly, causing the Light Bulb to flicker.
Light Switch says: "You're the best roommate ever, dude."
Skit 3 - Rise of the Bacteria.
Cut to a microscopic view of a bacteria.
Bacteria says: "Bacteria!"
Bacteria says: "We begin with only one!"
Bacteria! Two is what we then become!
Bacteria! Each of us becomes two more!
Bacteria! We are stronger than before!
Bacteria! We keep growing at this rate!
Bacteria! No longer shall we wait!
Bacteria! The plan now unfolds!
Bacteria! We will take over the world!
Rocky exterminates all the bacteria with a spray on a toilet.
Skit 4 - Wishes.
Cut to the street.
Bus Stop Sign says: "You know what?"
Bus Stop Sign says: "I wish I can travel, you know, go places."
Mailbox says: "Me too."
Mailbox says: "Every day I get letters to Japan, Europe, South America, but I never go anywhere."
Bus Stop Sign says: "Yeah, I wish I was a bus and not a bus stop."
Mailbox says: "And I wish I was a plane, flying high through the clouds into the sunset."
Both sigh.
Bicycle Seat says: "You know what I wish?"
Bicycle Seat says: "I wish my face was on the other side!"
Tony sits down on the bicycle seat and rides off.
Bus Stop Sign says: "Meh."
Mailbox says: "Meh."
Skit 5 - Kebab Fighters in Love.
Cut to a gameplay of Kebab Fighter, with Muscular Rat versus Hot Dog. The word "FIGHT!" appears on screen, the sprites start punching each other. It's revealed Richard is playing the game. Soon, Muscular Rat gains the upper hand. Suddenly, the phone rings off-screen.
Richard says: "Yeah?"
Richard says: "Uh-huh."
Hot Dog says: "Hey."
Muscular Rat says: "Yeah?"
Hot Dog says: "Well, y—"
Muscular Rat says: "Yeah?"
Hot Dog says: "Well, maybe we could go for, like, a movie or something?"
Muscular Rat says: "Wh—"
Muscular Rat says: "what?"
Muscular Rat says: "Like – like a date?"
Hot Dog says: "Yeah, I guess like a date."
Hot Dog says: "What do you say?"
Suddenly, the game is un-paused and Muscular Rat resumes punching Hot Dog. Richard is playing vigorously, and "END IT" appears on screen. Muscular Rat takes out a large mallet and pounds Hot Dog into mush.
Muscular Rat says: "I'd love to."
Hot Dog says: "Awesome."
Skit 6 Part 1 - Tanning Sausage.
Cut to the inside of the microwave. Richard places an uncooked sausage on a plate and puts it in the microwave.
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "Whoo!"
Sausage says: "Yes!"
Sausage says: "Yes!"
Sausage says: "Bring on the tan!"
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "Turn it up, bro!"
Sausage says: "Yeah, burn, baby, burn!"
Skit 7 - Revolution of the USB Plugs.
Cut to the rear of the desk in the children's bedroom. A tangle of plugs are crowding the back of the computer case and the floor. Nicole is vacuuming the floor.
Computer USB says: "Help!"
Computer USB says: "Please, we're stuck!"
Computer USB says: "We can’t breathe!"
Nicole says: "Oh, come on, guys!"
Nicole says: "How do you always end up like this?"
Blue USB says: "I don't know."
Blue USB says: "It just sort of happens."
Nicole says: "Okay."
Nicole says: "I'll sort you out, but this is the last time."
Time lapse to the now neatly organized plugs.
Nicole says: "There."
Nicole says: "Isn't that much better?"
Yellow USB says: "I don't like it."
Yellow USB says: "It's way too tidy!"
Green USB says: "Yeah!"
Green USB says: "That woman's not the boss of me!"
Yellow USB says: "I say we start a revolution!"
Yellow USB says: "Who's with me?"
Purple USB says: "Power to the people, man!"
Orange USB says: "The spirit of freedom cannot be contained in pretty little rows!"
All the plugs start unplugging and plugging themselves, making a tangle in the process. Time lapse to the now jumbled plugs.
Computer USB says: "Help!"
Computer USB says: "I can't..."
Computer USB says: "I can't breathe!"
Nicole says: "Oh, come on!"
Skit 6 Part 2 - Tanning Sausage.
The interior of the microwave has heated up. Sausage is reddening.
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "Whoo!"
Sausage says: "Make me beautiful!"
Skit 8 - Soda Can.
Cut to the kitchen. Darwin is drinking from a soda can and is about to throw it into the trash can.
Soda Can says: "Hey!"
Soda Can says: "Is that it?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Soda Can says: "You just drink me and throw me out?"
Soda Can says: "Is that it?"
Darwin says: "Well, what did you think was gonna happen?"
Soda Can says: "I don't know..."
Soda Can says: "."
Soda Can says: "I thought we were bros!"
Darwin says: "Oh, man."
Darwin says: "If I knew you were gonna be like that, I would have just had a glass of water."
Soda Can says: "I thought we had something."
Darwin says: "Well, it was nice while it lasted..."
Darwin says: "."
Darwin says: "?"
Soda Can says: "At least tell me what I did wrong!"
Darwin says: "Look, look, it's not you, man."
Darwin says: "It's me."
Darwin says: "It's just – there's a lot of drinks out there I haven't tried yet."
Soda Can says: "Hey!"
Soda Can says: "You can't do this to me!"
Soda Can says: "You haven't seen the last of me!"
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Soda Can says: "You can throw me out, but I'll be back!"
Darwin says: "Sorry, man."
Soda Can says: "This is not the end!"
Soda Can says: "I'm coming for you, bro!"
Soda Can says: "I'll come back, and you'll be sorry!"
Skit 6 Part 3 - Tanning Sausage.
Inside the microwave. The sausage is steaming.
Sausage says: "Whoo!"
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "I'm smoking hot!"
Sausage says: "Give me more!"
Sausage says: "I want more!"
Sausage says: "Whoo!"
Skit 9 - Food Army.
Cut to the school cafeteria. An army consisting of a burger, a box of fries, and a soda cup are looking at an unseen entity.
Burger says: "Okay."
Burger says: "Stay frosty, soldiers."
Burger says: "We're in hostile territory."
Burger says: "The enemy always strikes when you least expect it."
Fry 1 says: "I – I don't like this, man."
Fry 1 says: "Something doesn't feel right."
Fry 2 says: "Just remember your training and stay calm."
Fry 2 says: "We'll be fine as long as the captain is with us."
They notice a large bite has been taken out of the burger. The fries gasp, and one fry faints.
Fry 1 says: "The captain's down."
Fry 1 says: "What do we do, sarge?"
Fry 1 says: "You're next in command."
Fry 2 says: "Okay."
Fry 2 says: "B squadron, you take the left flank and keep watch of the – AAH!"
Fry 2 says: "Communications officer, send for backup."
Soda Cup says: "Mayday, mayday."
Soda Cup says: "This is first platter requesting help."
Soda Cup says: "We are under attack."
Soda Cup says: "I repeat – we are under attack."
Soda Cup says: "Coordinates – table three, seats six and seven."
Suddenly, the soda cup gets his contents drained.
Fry 2 says: "AAH!"
Fry 1 says: "Sarge!"
Fry 2 says: "You're gonna have to go on without me, private."
Fry 2 says: "I can't handle the pressure."
Fry 2 says: "I've gone all soggy and limp."
Fry 1 says: "I'm not leaving you, captain."
Fry 1 says: "Get up!"
Fry 1 says: "Get up right now so we can walk out of here."
Fry 1 says: "Aah!"
Fry 2 says: "Oh!"
Fry 2 says: "Why not me?!"
Fry 2 says: "!"
Fry 2 says: "Take me as well!"
Fry 2 says: "I dare you!"
Fry 2 says: "I dare you!"
Cut to Gumball and Darwin at the table. It turns out Gumball is the one the food army refers to as "the enemy".
Darwin says: "You forgot a fry."
Gumball says: "Eh, I don't like the sweaty ones."
Skit 6 Part 4 - Tanning Sausage.
Cut to the interior of the microwave. The sausage is now brown.
Sausage says: "Whoo!"
Sausage says: "Give me more!"
Sausage says: "I want more!"
Sausage says: "Yeah!"
Sausage says: "Let's tan the inside, too!"
Skit 10 - Underpants.
Cut to the inside of the washing machine. A pair of underpants is stuck against the washing machine drum, as if he is an astronaut inside a G-force machine. Stats are visible on screen.
Voice says: "Okay, This is mission control."
Voice says: "Initiating G-force training in three, two, one."
Voice says: "Five G's achieved."
Voice says: "How are you holding up?"
Underpants says: "Uh, pretty good."
Voice says: "Okay."
Voice says: "Bringing it to seven now."
Voice says: "Seven G's."
Voice says: "Okay, mission control aborting simulation."
Voice says: "Subject is G-locked."
Voice says: "Repeat – subject is G-locked."
The washing machine ends its spinning cycle, and Underpants peers out of the door.
Underpants says: "One day, father."
Underpants says: "One day, I'll fly just like you."
Skit 11 - Table.
Cut to the Watterson's living room. Gumball is reading a book and walking at the same time. He bumps his foot into one of the table's legs.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Table says: "Hey, wait!"
Table says: "Think about what's going on here."
Table says: "You punch me after you kick me?"
Table says: "What do you think happened?"
Table says: "You think I got up and walked in front of you?"
Table says: "I'm a table, man!"
Gumball says: "Uh…  What the – why?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Table says: "Uh… because – it's because you're always putting your feet on me!"
Gumball says: "Uh-!"
Skit 12 - Fish.
Cut to underwater. Three fish are present, and one fish is babbling and laughing. Soon it leaves the other fish.
Green Fish says: "What was he talking about?"
Red Fish says: "I have no idea."
Skit 13 - Best Friends.
Fade in to Richard and Nicole giving a birthday present to Anais, as classical piano music plays throughout this skit. Anais opens her present, and is delighted to have received Daisy plush doll before hugging her. Fade to Anais in her bedroom, seated with Daisy. She feeds her doll a spoonful of cake and wipes her face with a napkin. Fade to Anais pushing Daisy on a swing. Fade to Nicole retrieving Daisy from under the bed and hands her to Anais, who immediately hugs the doll. Cut to a stormy and rainy night, then the children's bedroom. Gumball and Darwin are peacefully asleep, but Anais tosses and turns before being awakened by thunder, frightened. She takes out Daisy and cuddles. Soon, she falls asleep. Fade to Anais picking up Daisy. She notices her burst seam, and takes her to the desk. She stitches her seam, applies a band-aid, picks her up and kisses her band-aid, before hugging her again. Fade to Anais spinning with Daisy. She tosses the doll into the air, catches her and hugs her.
Anais says: "You're my best friend, Daisy."
Daisy the Donkey​​​​ says: "You're my best friend, too, Anais."
Anais says: "What the?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Aaaaah!"
Skit 14 - Soda Can Revenge.
Cut to Nicole and Darwin shopping for groceries at the supermarket.
Nicole says: "Oh, can you get some milk, sweetie?"
Darwin says: "Sure."
Soda Can says: "Told you I'd get you back!"
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Reprise.
Soda Can says: "So now you know a little more about us."
Gloves says: "But now it's time to wave goodbye."
Gumball's Eyes says: "We hope we've opened up your eyes."
Meteor says: "So please next time, when you stop by."
Mr. Cuddles says: "Say hi, don't be shy."
All Objects says: "We would love to see you all in the amaaaaazing world of Elmorrrrrre!"
Daisy pops up.
Daisy the Donkey​​​​​ says: "Yeah!"
Episode ends.