Peer Pressure.
The episode opens in the school cafeteria. Gumball and Darwin, seated at a table, are in the middle of a conversation.
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "How 'bout this?"
Gumball says: "I can guess the time."
Darwin says: "Okay, what time is it?"
Gumball says: "Friday."
Darwin says: "Dude, I don't think that counts as a special talent."
Gumball says: "How about this?"
Gumball says: "I can bend spoons using my mind."
Darwin says: "Uh, I thought you were gonna use your mind."
Gumball says: "I did."
Gumball says: "My mind told my hands to bend the spoon."
Darwin says: "That doesn't count."
Gumball sighs, and they head to the playground. On a bench, Gumball is lost in thought, observing some pigeons.
Gumball says: "Oh-oh-oh!"
Gumball says: "I can talk to animals!"
Gumball says: "Who's a good boy?"
Gumball says: "Who's a good boy?"
Darwin says: "Dude, that's not talking to animals, that's talking at animals."
Gumball and Darwin are at the sports field, along with Coach Russo and some of their classmates.
Gumball says: "I can crack my neck!"
Gumball says: "Once."
Darwin says: "Why is it so important for you to have a special talent all of a sudden?"
Gumball says: "Because everyone else has one!"
While Gumball speaks, the students in question display their abilities.
Gumball says: "Carrie can go through stuff."
Gumball says: "Clayton can shape-shift."
Gumball says: "And even Alan can float!"
Gumball says: "I'm like a superhero whose only power is converting oxygen to carbon dioxide."
Darwin says: "That sounds cool!"
Gumball says: "It's just breathing, dude."
The bell rings, and school lets out. Gumball and Darwin are on the steps leading to the main entrance.
Darwin says: "You could learn a talent."
Darwin says: "How about art?"
Gumball says: "We both know how that ended last time."
During the flashback, Gumball is in the art room with Mr. Small. Above them, a model of planet Earth is suspended from the ceiling and engulfed in flames.
Gumball says: "I call it, "Global Warming."
The rope snaps, and the globe rolls across the floor, spreading its fire. Screaming, the class races for the fire escape, but the door is actually painted on the wall.
Banana Joe says: "Aah!"
Banana Joe says: "What is that?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's my second piece."
Gumball says: "It's called, "No Escape."
As the blaze intensifies, the memory ends.
Gumball says: "People just aren't ready for me."
Darwin says: "How 'bout your party trick?"
Gumball says: "Oh, this?"
Gumball says: "That's not so much a talent as it is a medical condition."
They both sigh, and a noise from above catches their attention. Mrs. Jötunheim flies down on her broom, landing at Hector's feet.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Hi, honey."
Hector says: "Hi, Mom."
Hector says: "What's for dinner?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Broccoli for me, trees for you."
She casts a spell, causing Hector to vanish, then takes off once more.
Gumball says: "That's what I'm gonna do!"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure making school children disappear is a talent you want to have."
Gumball says: "No, dude!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna learn magic!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You know, I'll be like that boy in the book who was told he was special by a bearded guy who took him to a big castle to learn magic."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah!"
Darwin says: "The nice boy with the scar and the spectacles."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "The butt-kicking one with the snake and no nose."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah..."
Darwin says: "No wait, what?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Witch Trial & Tribulation.
Gumball and Darwin walk up to the enormous cavern that Hector calls home. Inside, his mother can be heard cackling loudly.
Darwin says: "Dude, this sounds like trouble."
Inside the cave, Mrs. Jötunheim is shown browsing the internet via crystal ball.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, what's next?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "They eat turkey for the winter solstice instead of children?"
Her laughter persists until an error message pops up.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, derpadabra, I've lost the witch-fi."
Lifting the ball up, she backs out of the chamber.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Tsk."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Come on, there's gotta be a signal around here somewhere."
Mrs. Jötunheim enters the tunnel where Gumball and Darwin are waiting, concealed by shadow. She turns around and recoils upon seeing them, dropping the crystal ball.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "AHH!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What are you doing here?"
Gumball says: "Teach me!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Oh, I'll teach you..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Some manners!"
Gumball says: "But I brought all this witching stuff!"
Gumball says: "Eye of newt, toe of frog, wool of bat."
Darwin says: "They'll never let us back in the zoo after this."
Gumball says: "Please, ju-just give me a chance."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Beat it!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You don't have what it takes."
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna prove to you that I'm worthy!"
Gumball says: "Try me."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Witch trial!"
Gumball says: "Witch trial!"
Gumball says: "Witch trial!"
Gumball says: "Witch trial!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "All right, okay, fine."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You can come in."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Just stop screaming that on my doorstep."
Inside, the brothers are hand-washing an assortment of dishes.
Darwin says: "I really don't see how this will teach you magic."
Gumball says: "Uh, duh!"
Gumball says: "It's teaching our hands to make perfect circular motions for spells."
Gumball says: "Right, Mrs."
Gumball says: "Jötunheim?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ehh."
The two are now in a corridor, sweeping away some dust.
Darwin says: "I think she's just using us to get her chores done."
Gumball says: "Why would she make us sweep the floor, if not to teach us how to fly on a broomstick?"
In the washroom, Gumball and Darwin are fighting to clean a living, monstrous latrine, with toilet brushes.
Darwin says: "Yeah, I know what you're gonna say."
Darwin says: "This is teaching us how to wave a wand or something."
Gumball says: "Bup-up-up!"
Gumball says: "Sounds like someone needs a little motivational song."
He uses his brush as an imitation guitar and imitates a riff while rock music plays in the background. During the song, they continue to work through the supernatural variations of otherwise menial tasks.
But first you must do time for Mrs. Jötunheim.
You need to beat away the dust if you want to earn the trust.
Of the wizard and the druid, so get out your cleaning fluids.
If you wanna a crystal ball, be sure to clean it all.
Do your chosen focus to learn the hocus-pocus.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whoo.
Get down and do the graft to be a master of the craft.
You gotta clean the decks if you want to learn the hex.
Perfect your washing motion to get good at making potion.
Clean the fridge and then the oven to join the witches' coven.
You don't wanna be a doctor, a lawyer, or a dentist.
You wanna study magic, be a sorcerer's apprentice.
If you wanna be a witch, well, here's the sitch.
Put in the hours for magical powers!
Magic Misdirection.
Exhausted, Gumball and Darwin decide to rest for a moment. All of a sudden, a strange energy envelopes them both.
Gumball says: "Wait..."
Gumball says: "I think I can feel something!"
Darwin says: "You're right!"
Darwin says: "I can feel my magic powers growing!"
Gumball says: "The power, it's happening!"
Their muscles bulging, the two develop at an accelerated rate, turning into bearded giants. Laughing all the while, they begin to cast powerful spells with reckless abandon. Meanwhile, back in reality, Mrs. Jötunheim walks in on the brothers spacing out amid the fumes of several spilled cleaning products.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What the?!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What are you doing?!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You don't have enough brain cells to afford to fry them like that!"
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Gumball says: "We haven't learned any magic?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "No."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Why?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Because you, uh..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "haven't finished cleaning the basement."
Gumball says: "Ohh."
Darwin says: "Ohh."
They run off.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Just don't open the door of forbidden secrets!"
They quickly return.
Gumball says: "Why?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Well, 'cause it's, uh..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "really, really..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "boring?"
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "There's been a lot of dust today."
Gumball says: "Okay, we won't touch that door."
Gumball and Darwin leave again, and head down the basement stairs carrying a mop and bucket. After passing by a large, ominous looking door, they stop, and so does the ambient background music. Both of them walk backwards, and the music reverses as well. After some more back-and-forth, the two approach the door.
Gumball says: "That boring door looks like the most amazing thing I've ever seen."
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "She clearly doesn't want us to go in!"
Gumball says: "Oh, no!"
Gumball says: "It opened by mistake."
A dark shadow appears on the other side, accompanied by a loud roar. In an instant, Darwin is pulled through the gap, and the door slams shut. Gumball goes upstairs to Mrs. Jötunheim, who is playing an online game on her crystal ball.
Game Voice says: "Magical!"
Gumball says: "Soo..."
Gumball says: "I've got a question."
Gumball says: "Do trolls like, uh, normally eat people?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Normally, trolls bait people to make them angry."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "They feed on people's anger."
Gumball sighs in relief.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "And then they eat them."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Wait, please tell me you didn't feed the troll."
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "didn't feed the troll?"
The aforementioned creature crashes through the room and makes for the exit.
Gumball says: "It fed itself..."
Gumball says: "on Darwin."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "a witch trial!"
Gumball says: "You mean with pitchforks and flaming torches?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "No, way worse!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "With lawyers and court fees!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "And it's my money that's gonna burn."
Gumball says: "It's okay, I'll help you using the magic you taught me."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Oh yeah, about that..."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "I wasn't training you, I just tricked you into doing my chores."
Gumball says: "Was it some kind of magic mind trick?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Nah, just a regular mind trick."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, come on."
Troll Baiting.
Elsewhere, in Elmore, Mr. Small is casually crossing a bridge over the flood control channel. A deep voice addresses him from somewhere down below.
Troll says: "Global warming isn't real!"
Mister Small​​ says: "I'm sorry, but there are scientific proofs that—"
Troll says: "I think you mean, "There is scientific proof."
Troll says: "" Don't they teach grammar at yoga academy?"
Mister Small​​ says: "For your information, yoga is a very physical and noble activity!"
Troll says: "No need to get so excited, hon."
Mister Small​​ says: "I am a MAN!"
Troll says: "Hard to tell with that voice and that ponytail."
Troll says: "You don't have to get all defensive."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​ says: "I'M NOT BEING DEFENS—"
Mr. Small screams when the troll's hand reaches up to grab him. He is immediately freed by a well-aimed magic missile, which leaves an unusual cloud of smoke upon impact. Mrs. Jötunheim and Gumball ride by on brooms.
Gumball says: "Lite?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You only have the demo versions of my powers."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Every spell you cast has a watermark."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Now, you take care of the troll while I erase Mr."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Small's memory."
Mrs. Jötunheim lands on the bridge, using her wand to blow a puff of sparkling green mist at Mr. Small. His eyes turn pink as he coughs, laughs, then falls unconscious. She gives a thumbs-up to Gumball, who is running to the opposite railing. The troll crawls out from under the bridge and stands, towering over him.
Gumball says: "Unexpecto amphibiosis!"
It misses, striking an airplane high in the sky and turning it into a frog.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Aah!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "What are you doing?!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "!"
She reverses the transformation moments before it hits the ground, and the plane resumes its flightpath directly overhead. The troll narrowly avoids the aircraft, then prepares to strike.
Gumball says: "Disappeariosis!"
The troll vanishes from sight.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Gotcha!"
A growl shakes the area.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Agh!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You didn't make him disappear!"
An unseen attack knocks Mrs. Jötunheim and Gumball off of the bridge and into the channel.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You made him invisible!"
Up ahead, the after-effects of the creature's heavy footsteps draw closer.
Gumball says: "I think I know where he is."
Gumball says: "Take this!"
Gumball says: "Electriosis!"
He zaps the troll with lightning, dispelling the invisibility, but fails to take into account the shallow stream of water connecting them. The current travels toward Gumball, and Mrs. Jötunheim shoves him aside.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Watch out!"
She gets electrocuted in his place, and falls forward. The troll tries to crush her with its fist.
Gumball says: "Uh, T-T-Teleportarion!"
His spell sends Mrs. Jötunheim directly above the troll. Thinking that she had escaped, it tilts back its head and roars, accidentally swallowing her whole.
Gumball says: "Pacificosus absolutus!"
Now under the effect of a love spell, the troll chases Gumball as he runs away screaming. After apprehending him, it begins to kiss him affectionately.
Gumball says: "Oh, man!"
Gumball summons a block of ice, which shatters against the trolls face and loosens its grip. They both drop to the ground, opposite each other.
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "Petrificus!"
Gumball says: "Oh, oh no!"
Gumball says: "My hat!"
Gumball says: "I think you mean "beaten."
Troll says: "Ha!"
Troll says: "You think you can troll a troll?"
Troll says: "You got a lot to learn."
Gumball says: "I know."
Gumball says: "I always thought trolls were like those little porcelain guys on the lawn."
Troll says: "That's gnomes."
Troll says: "You know that's gnomes."
Gumball says: "Oh, right."
Gumball says: "You guys are the ones with the lucky charms."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You found his weakness!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Trolls are only as big as we make them."
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Keep doing it."
Gumball says: "Keep doing what?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Being yourself."
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "So, if you're a troll, why don't you have an Irish accent and live at the end of a rainbow?"
Troll says: "That's totally leprechauns!"
Troll says: "Stop doing leprechauns!"
Gumball says: "Got it."
Gumball says: "So the orcs are the ones with the big feet that live in the burrows."
Troll says: "No!"
Troll says: "The orcs are the—"
Gumball says: "Oh, no-no-no-no-no, you're right."
Gumball says: "Orcas are the panda-looking whales."
Darwin says: "Ugh!"
Darwin says: "Man, it stank in there!"
Darwin says: "He's disgusting."
Gumball says: "Actually, elves are quite cute when they're small."
Troll says: "I am not an elf!"
Troll says: "Would you..."
Troll says: "Stop it!"
Troll says: "Stop it!"
Troll says: "Stop it!"
Darwin says: "I think we found your talent."
Gumball says: "What is it?"
The troll diminishes entirely.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "You're supernaturally annoying."
Gumball smiles happily; The episode ends.