Hunched in your closet.
Or strapped beneath your car.
I treasured all the stories.
The three of us share.
Wherever you are.
I'll always be there.
When you were alone.
I was there too.
Behind the shower curtain.
And you never knew.
I dressed in your clothes.
And breathed in your air.
I watched you both sleep.
And nuzzled your hair.
It helps that your bedroom has places to hide.
And the windows don't lock.
So I can get inside.
I've waited so long.
To be part of your life.
And one day one of you.
Will call me his wife!
The video ends, and the scene cuts to a stunned Gumball and Darwin in the classroom. They have watched it on the school TV, and they freak out for several seconds.
Gumball says: "I think we need to have a reasonable conversation with this young lady."
In the Hallway.
Gumball and Darwin walk along the hallway.
Darwin says: "Where is she?"
Darwin says: "We've been looking for two hours now."
They come across a seemingly stunned Mr. Small, paying great attention to a mural by the hallway.
Gumball says: "You okay, Mr."
Gumball says: "Small?"
Gumball says: "Why are you looking at that painting that way?"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Thank mother earth!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "You can see it too."
Gumball says: "Wow."
Mr. Small leans closer to the painting. A part of the painting that looks like an ice cream which is obviously Sarah opens its eyes, and startles Mr. Small. Sarah quickly closes her eyes, and continues camouflaging within the painting.
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Did you see that?"
Darwin says: "See what?"
Mr. Small pokes Sarah. Sarah reveals her face, and screams. Mr. Small screams, followed by Gumball and Darwin screaming. Then Mr. Small chuckles silently in relief. Sarah runs away.
Gumball says: "Sarah!"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
The brothers take off after her trail. Sarah is trapped in the dead end of a hallway, and the brothers corner her. Sarah hears them, gasps, and pretends to be distressed as they arrive.
Gumball says: "Sarah, listen—"
Sarah says: "I know what you're gonna say."
Sarah says: "I'm sorry about the hair."
Gumball says: "Eh-what?"
Gumball says: "What hair?"
Gumball says: "Is there something wrong with my hair?"
Sarah says: "Nooooo."
Gumball says: "Sarah, this whole… thing… isn't really working out."
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "It's not you."
Darwin says: "It's us."
Gumball says: "By which we mean it's you."
Sarah says: "Wait!"
Sarah says: "Don't you want to see what's inside my locker?"
Gumball says: "Is this another one of your tricks?"
Gumball says: "Why would we want to see inside your locker?"
Sarah says: "Because this is the part of the story where you realize maybe I do all this…because I'm  lonely."
Gumball says: "No, Sarah."
Gumball says: "This is the part of the story where you realize there is no story, and you'll leave us alone."
Sarah says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Dude, look at this."
They look at various pieces of paper in Sarah's locker. There are papers with Gumball and Darwin drawn on them.
Darwin says: ""The first people who spoke to me at Elmore Junior High."
Darwin says: "" And this, "The coolest kids in school: Gumball and Darwin."
Gumball sees Darwin drawn as a tall person, while he Gumball is dwarfed in comparison, drawn beside the tall Darwin. At this, he begins examining his size, while Darwin continues reading.
Darwin says: ""The only people who really know me."
Darwin says: "" Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Gumball says: "I know right?"
Gumball says: "I'm definitely taller than you!"
Gumball says: "And if my eyes were that close together, I'd be a cyclops!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "She really cares about us, but we just pushed her away."
Darwin says: "Look at this!"
Gumball says: ""The Amazing Adventures of Gumball, Darwin, and Sarah."
Gumball says: "" Oh man."
Gumball says: "All she ever wanted was to be included."
Darwin says: "This…this is today."
Darwin says: "Here's us at lunchtime."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah."
Gumball says: "Look at that hand, it's like a big thumb."
Darwin says: "Well, hands are difficult to draw."
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "Well, whatever it is I hope she goes to art school."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "You say "We're her only friends, we have to do whatever it takes to make her happy."
Gumball says: "We're her only friends!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "We have to do whatever it takes to make her happy!"
They both gasp.
Gumball says: "Right!"
Gumball says: "How do we do it?"
Darwin says: "Alright, here."
At the Rooftop.
Sarah leans on the edge of the school building, clearly saddened. Gumball bursts through a door.
Gumball says: "Sarah!"
Gumball says: "You shall not be alone!"
Sarah says: "It's alright guys."
Sarah says: "You don't have to do this."
Gumball says: "Yes I do, Sarah!"
Gumball says: "I have been touched by the beauty of your art, and now  I think I love you."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "You cannot love her  And funny!"
Sarah says: "Forget it guys."
Gumball and Darwin smile encouragingly.
Gumball says: "Aw, come on!"
Darwin says: "Come on."
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Darwin says: "Come ooon!"
Gumball says: "C'mooon!"
Darwin says: "C'mon!"
Gumball says: "C'mon!"
Darwin says: "C'mon!"
Gumball says: "C'mon!"
Darwin says: "C'mon!"
Gumball says: "C'mon!"
Darwin says: "C'mon!"
Gumball says: "C'mon!"
Sarah begins to smile.
Darwin says: "Come—"
Gumball says: "On!"
Darwin says: "Come—"
Gumball says: "On!"
Darwin says: "Come—"
Gumball says: "On!"
Sarah says: "Please don't fight over me!"
Gumball says: "There's no other way."
Gumball says: "You are too beautiful to be shared!"
Gumball and Darwin take stances against each other, but instead jump cheerily along each other repeatedly.
Sarah says: "Uh guys?"
Sarah says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "It's the dancing you drew."
Sarah says: "That's fighting."
Gumball says: "Ohhh."
Darwin says: "Ohhh."
Gumball slaps Darwin, and they start slapping each other. Darwin holds Gumball's head.
Darwin says: "You only love her because she's beautiful!"
Darwin says: "I love her because her heart shines like diamonds!"
Sarah says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball and Darwin are hugging warmly.
Gumball says: "Oh, what now?"
Gumball says: "It says they snuggle for a while!"
Sarah says: "No, it says they struggle for a while."
Gumball says: "Well, it's not my fault your girly writing is so curly."
Darwin says: "Dude, this is the part where you rip your shirt."
Gumball says: "Whaaat?"
Darwin says: "It's right here."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Sarah says: "Oh yeah."
Sarah says: "It's right there."
Darwin says: "Let her go, or prove that you understand true love!"
Gumball says: "My beating heart is the only proof I need."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Attempts to rip shirt off, but fails. He struggles with it for a while, and in the end just takes it off.
Gumball says: "Look!"
Darwin says: "Meh."
Darwin says: "That'll have to do."
Darwin says: "Now do your line."
Gumball says: "You don't know how long I've waited for you!"
Sarah says: "I don't know which path to choose!"
Gumball says: "So real, I can feel it."
Silence for a while. Sarah with her eyes closed peeks at Darwin. Darwin realizes that he missed his cue.
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "NOOOOO!"
He tackles Gumball, and they "struggle" again.
Gumball says: "What happens next?"
Darwin flips the page of the nearby book, and they both see the next scene.
Gumball says: "We have to jump?"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "We're doing this for Sarah in the name of friendship."
Gumball says: "And pity."
Darwin says: "Yeah, that too."
They run towards the building's edge.
Gumball says: "Ahhhhhhh-I don't think sooo-ahhh!"
Darwin says: "Ahhhhhhh-I don't think sooo-ahhh!"
They run towards the building's external staircase instead.
Gumball and Darwin drop to the floor.
Sarah says: "Stop!"
Sarah says: "Don't hurt yourselves for me!"
Gumball says: "You okay?"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "Scratched my knee, but I'm okay."
Gumball says: "Good."
They resume "fighting." Darwin pushes Gumball towards an air conditioning exhaust fan.
Gumball says: "You have to choose between us!"
Sarah says: "I can't."
Sarah says: "I love you both!"
Gumball says: "Then one of us must go!"
Sarah says: "Hold on, I got a track for this."
Gumball pulls Darwin, and now threatens to push him against the exhaust fan though the fan has a protective screen. As Gumball talks, Darwin is pushed nearer to the fan.
Gumball says: "Goodbye, my brother."
Gumball says: "I'm sorry it had to end this way."
Darwin says: "It's not the end, for my love will live on forever!"
Gumball says: "Goodbye!"
Gumball says: "Okay, you're supposed to intervene here."
Sarah says: "I can't!"
Sarah says: "The tape is stuck, the music won't stop."
Darwin says: "What!"
Darwin says: "?"
Darwin says: "What do we do then?"
Sarah says: "Yeah-you-keep going!"
Sarah says: "I'll be a sec."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding me?"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Sarah says: "Okay."
Sarah says: "Just uh…  Almost got it!"
Darwin comes closer to the exhaust fan. Gumball goes to Sarah, and throes the tape away. The music is cut off.
Sarah says: "Stop!"
Sarah says: "I can't bear to see you destroy each other."
Gumball says: "Okay, so what happens next?"
Darwin looks through the book.
Darwin says: "Hmmm… We agree that you get her at Monday through Thursday, and I get her Friday and the weekends, and we "live happily ever after."
Gumball says: "I think I have a better Idea."
Gumball, takes the book, and shreds it with the exhaust fan.
Darwin says: "Hm?"
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Episode ends.