Some Enchanted Evening.
Episode begins at the lookout point on a beautiful evening with a pink sunset over the ocean. Principal Brown and Miss Simian drive up to the cliff.
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, Nigel, what a beautiful spot you've brought me to!"
Nigel Brown says: "Ah, yes, sorry, this satnav's been playing up all week."
Nigel Brown says: "Silly thing."
Nigel Brown says: "We should've been at the city dump by now."
Lucy Simian says: "But look at the sunset."
Lucy Simian says: "Isn't it romantic?"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh!"
Nigel Brown says: "That reminds me, we've really gotta clean this car, it's so messy!"
Lucy Simian says: "It's the perfect evening to say those three little words to show how much you care about me."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh."
Nigel Brown says: "Um, th-th-three little words, eh?"
Advice from the Single Guys.
The next day, in the teachers' lounge. Mr. Corneille is reading a book while Mr. Small stares despondently at his phone.
Mister Small​​​ says: "Oh, man."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Online dating is complicated."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Women are so hard to read these days."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Like, what does this mean?"
Mister Small​​​ says: ""Your payment has been declined."
Moonchild Corneille says: "You do realize that's a pizza delivery app, right?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "What did you think those chili symbols meant?"
Mister Small​​​ says: "Fiery?"
Principal Brown walks in, looking dejected.
Nigel Brown says: "Ugh!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Whoa, what's wrong?"
Nigel Brown says: "I don't know how to express my feelings towards Lucy!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "They just get in the way."
Mister Small​​​ says: "Do fish have elbows?"
Nigel Brown says: "Look, I know how I feel."
Nigel Brown says: "I just can't seem to find the words."
Moonchild Corneille says: "Huh!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Words?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "You don't need words, you're a guy!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Words from a guy are like arm bands on an octopus."
Moonchild Corneille says: "You don't need them."
Nigel Brown says: "So what do I say?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "You say nothing."
Moonchild Corneille says: "A guy should be silent."
Moonchild Corneille says: "A lone wolf, riding off into the sunset."
Nigel Brown says: "A wolf riding a horse?"
Nigel Brown says: "Wouldn't the wolf eat the horse?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Not necessarily, sometimes it's the other way round."
Mister Small​​​ says: "So the horse is riding the wolf?"
Nigel Brown says: "Or is the horse eating the wolf?"
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel?"
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, where'd she go?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Ah, you weren't saying anything, so she walked out and slammed the door."
Nigel Brown says: "Uggghhh!"
Nigel Brown says: "Why did I just take relationship advice from a single guy who thinks fish have elbows?"
Lucy is storming down the hall, still holding her box.
Lucy Simian says: "First, he won't tell me how he feels, now he won't talk to me at all!"
Lucy Simian says: "Well, I'm tired of getting hurt, and I won't get hurt ag-AAAAHHH!!"
Lucy Simian says: "PICK THAT UP AND TAKE IT TO THE TRASH!!!"
Gumball says: "Uh, sure!"
Lucy Simian says: "No back chat!"
Lucy Simian says: "Got it?"
Lucy Simian says: "ANSWER ME!!!"
Darwin says: "Uh..."
Darwin says: "."
Lucy Simian says: "No answering back!"
Lucy Simian says: "Get on with it!"
A Dangerous Wish.
Later, Gumball and Darwin are taking out the trash behind the school. Darwin is too short to reach the bin, so he throws each piece of trash inside one by one.
Darwin says: "This is so unfair!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I'm getting tired just watching you."
Gumball says: "I wish someone would bring her down to size!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, and I wish she'd just soften up a little!"
A voice pipes up from inside the trash can.
Gnome Keychain says: "Your wish is my command!"
The two flinch. Darwin looks inside the box and takes out a gnome keychain.
Darwin says: "Oh, cute!"
Darwin says: "It's a little gnome!"
Darwin says: "We should take it home and build a little gnome house out of matchsticks and mushrooms, and find him a little gnome wife so they can have loads of little gnome babies, then they have to move to a bigger house, and they can't keep up with the mortgage payments, and they move to a horrible part of gnome town, and all the fancy gnomes pretend not to know him in the supermarket so they have to—"
Gumball says: "It's for your own good, dude."
Darwin picks up the box and the two walk away.
Gnome Keychain says: "Your wish is my command!"
Gnome Keychain says: "As long as you wish for cheaper gas prices."
Breaking It to Principal Brown.
Gumball and Darwin go back into Miss Simian's room, but it's empty.
Gumball says: "Miss Simian?"
Gumball says: "We're done!"
Darwin says: "Where is she?"
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "Look what's happened!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I think our wishes were granted!"
Gumball says: "And Miss Simian's been transformed into a—"
Darwin says: "But that chair's always been there!"
Gumball says: "No, dude."
Gumball says: "The neck pillow!"
Darwin says: ""I wish she'd just soften up!"
Gumball says: ""Someone needs to bring her down to size!"
Principal Brown walks in.
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy!"
Nigel Brown says: "I've been thinking, and I'm sorry I..."
Nigel Brown says: "Where's Miss Simian?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, Principal Brown."
Gumball says: "We made a wish on a magic gnome and now Miss Simian's been transformed into a—"
Nigel Brown says: "Don't be ridiculous, that chair's always been there."
Gumball says: "No, not the chair."
Gumball says: "She's been transformed into—"
Nigel Brown says: "What have they done?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Darwin says: "Mmmm, no, not the desk."
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy!"
Nigel Brown says: "You're a window?"
Gumball says: "No..."
Nigel Brown says: "A globe?"
Gumball says: "Mm-mm."
Darwin says: "Mm-mm."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Eww!"
Nigel Brown says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "No, no..."
Darwin says: "No."
Darwin says: "Why are we making him guess?"
Gumball says: "She's been turned into a neck pillow."
Nigel Brown says: "Hmm?"
Gumball says: "The one you're sitting on."
Nigel Brown says: "AAHH!!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, Lucy, is it really you?"
Nigel Brown says: "It's the kind of thing you would think happens to other people!"
Gumball says: "It's okay."
Gumball says: "We'll get that magic gnome out of the trash and break the spell!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry!"
They look outside and gasp upon seeing the gnome being dumped into the garbage truck with the trash.
Gnome Keychain says: "Your wish is my command!"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "HEY!"
Gumball says: "HEEEEYYYY!!"
Hank, who is driving the truck, notices this and smiles.
Hank says: "DARN KID!!"
Back in the classroom.
Gumball says: "Okay, now you can worry."
Nigel Brown says: "Maybe this all happened for a reason."
Gumball says: "Including that truck driver going to the hospital?"
Nigel Brown says: "Maybe not all of it."
Nigel Brown says: "All she wanted me to do was tell her how I feel!"
Nigel Brown says: "And now it's too late."
Darwin says: "Well, true love usually breaks the spell!"
Gumball says: "Yeah!"
Gumball says: "Just do something really romantic and she'll transform back into the hairy psycho tyrant you seem to have chosen as a life partner!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, I'm really not good at all that kind of stuff."
Darwin says: "We can help you practice until you are!"
Gumball says: "Do we have to?"
Gumball says: "I know we're kinda responsible, but wouldn't life be nicer if we weren't taught by someone who sounds like a jet engine dragged on a blackboard made from broken glass?"
They hear Principal Brown sobbing. He turns around with big, wet puppy dog eyes. Gumball looks at Darwin, who makes the same face, and then at the neck pillow.
Gumball says: "Oh, fine!"
Gumball says: "Can't believe I've been guilt-tripped by a neck pillow."
Gumball says: "I mean, who am I, Mr."
Gumball says: "--Actually, no, that's never happened to anyone before."
A One-Way Ticket Out.
Miss Simian walks up to the ticket booth at the bus station.
Lucy Simian says: "A ticket out of town, please."
Milk Guy says: "Uh, one way?"
Milk Guy says: "Are you sure?"
Lucy Simian says: "Yes."
Lucy Simian says: "One way."
Lucy Simian says: "Nothing left for me in this old town."
An injured football player steps out from the line that has formed behind her.
Football Player says: "Yeah, me too, lady!"
Football Player says: "Nothing left for me here."
Lucy Simian says: "All right."
Lucy Simian says: "'Scuse me?"
Lucy Simian says: "I hadn't finished my thing!"
Actress says: "So long, Elmore."
Actress says: "This town's got nothin' but bad memories!"
Twitchy Scientist says: "Yeah, I guess this sleepy little town isn't ready for involuntary head transplants, so I'm packing up, moving on out, and leaving!"
Egg Ringmaster says: "AAAHH!!!"
Egg Ringmaster says: "Aahh..."
Egg Ringmaster says: "ahhh.."
Egg Ringmaster says: "ah..."
Egg Ringmaster says: "I'll make it one way."
Those Three Words.
Gumball, Darwin, and Principal Brown are in the park. Principal Brown sits on a park bench with the neck pillow next to him.
Gumball says: "Okay, Principal Brown, just tell Miss Simian what's on your mind."
Nigel Brown says: "Okay..."
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, I don't know what color the dinosaurs were or how planes stay in the sky."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball says: "More relevant?"
Cut to later, at the Wattersons' house. The doorbell rings, and Gumball and Darwin answer to Principal Brown holding a sign that reads "LUCY, TO ME YOU ARE PERFECT".
Gumball says: ""Lucy, to me you are perfect..."
Gumball says: "Awww!!"
Darwin says: "Awww!!"
He takes away the sign, revealing another one behind it.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "fewer words?"
Cut to a plane writing a message in the sky. Gumball and Darwin, in the park, look at the message in complete confusion.
Gumball says: ""I fond you"."
Gumball says: "Uh, more romantic."
Nigel Brown says: "But they charge by the letter!"
Nigel Brown says: "And how is this thing staying up?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
At a clothes store, Principal Brown finds a t-shirt reading "I ♥ U-" on the front. Gumball and Darwin nod in approval, until he turns it around, revealing that it reads "-nicorns" on the back. The boys facepalm.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "The three words!"
The three are at a fancy restaurant, with a place for the neck pillow too.
Nigel Brown says: "Camel vibrate bucket!"
Gumball says: "THREE ROMANTIC WORDS!!"
Cut to them on a rowboat.
Nigel Brown says: "Flower candle bucket!"
Gumball says: "NO!!"
Darwin says: "NO!!"
At a storefront sale.
Nigel Brown says: "I LOVE YOU!!!"
Darwin says: "YES!!"
Darwin says: "Perfect!"
Gumball says: "But why are you saying it to a horseshoe?"
Nigel Brown says: "'Cause I thought it would give me good luck."
Nigel Brown says: "Right."
Nigel Brown says: "I can do this!"
Nigel Brown says: "Thank you, boys!"
Gumball says: "You're welcome."
Gumball says: "Wait, where's Miss Simian?"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, I left her in the car, she was looking a bit tired."
Nigel Brown says: "One of her seams was starting to burst."
Nigel Brown says: "AAAHHH!!!"
Nigel Brown says: "SHE'S GONE!!!"
Neck Pillow Chase.
Sal Left Thumb is running away with the neck pillow.
Sal Left Thumb says: "Heh-heh!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "I could've kept the car, but there's nothing quite like a good neck pillow!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Then again, I could've sold the car to buy loads of neck pillows!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "I could've bought thousands!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "Ah, my mother was right!"
Sal Left Thumb says: "I never think things through!"
He collides with the Doughnut Sheriff, and the neck pillow goes flying. It lands by a lamppost, where a fluffy dog walks up to it. Gumball, Darwin, and Principal Brown pull up in the car.
Gumball says: "There she is!"
They run up to the pillow as the dog slowly raises his leg.
Nigel Brown says: "NO!"
Nigel Brown says: "Not on my Lucy!"
The dog growls, grabs the pillow in his mouth, and runs off. The three follow the dog through the streets, where they shove past Flight Attendant, Goblin, and Larry.
Nigel Brown says: "Coming through!"
Nigel Brown says: "'Scuse me!"
They corner the dog in an alley, where he holds the pillow precariously over a storm drain.
Darwin says: "How can something so adorable be so mean?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Okay."
Darwin says: "He's mostly bad."
Nigel Brown says: "Don't worry!"
Nigel Brown says: "I know where it comes out."
They drive up to the sewage outlet, where the pillow comes out.
Darwin says: "There!"
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, I'm coming!"
A bright yellow hotrod pulls up to them, with a greaser rat inside.
Rat Racer says: "So you wanna race, huh?"
Nigel Brown says: "What?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Gumball says: "No thanks!"
Gumball says: "We're just trying to save this guy's girlfriend!"
Rat Racer says: "Winner gets the girl!"
Darwin says: "The girl is a cushion!"
Rat Racer says: "I'll take what I can get!"
Rat Racer says: "Ah-hahahahaha!!"
The two race anyway, with the rat repeatedly bumping Principal Brown.
Nigel Brown says: "What is your problem?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Rat Racer says: "I struggle to connect with people!"
Gumball says: "Turn your own blades on!"
Nigel Brown says: "I don't have blades!"
Nigel Brown says: "I'm a teacher, and this is a rental!"
Darwin says: "LOOK OUT!!!"
There's a washing machine right in his car's path. He swerves to avoid it, and catches up with the rat.
Rat Racer says: "Oh, you think you can beat me?"
Darwin says: "Is he gonna be okay?"
Gumball says: "I don't think that guy was ever okay."
The pillow stops at the end of the outlet. Principal Brown gets out of the car.
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
The three catch up to the bus on the interstate, which happens to be the bus Miss Simian is on. She looks at her photo of Nigel with remorse.
Lucy Simian says: "All I want is to tell me how you feel about me."
George says: "Well, I don't even know you, lady, but your demeanor makes me uneasy and your face makes me sad."
Lucy Simian says: "Not you!"
Lucy Simian says: "HIM!"
With his eyes off the road, George skids out of control, and the neck pillow falls off the bus, but is caught by the back hook.
Nigel Brown says: "LUCY!!!"
George says: "That's it, lady!"
George says: "I'm droppin' you off at the next stop!"
Gumball says: "Uh, what's the plan here?"
Nigel Brown says: "We follow it until it stops!"
Nigel Brown says: "She is the woman I love!"
Nigel Brown says: "From now on I'm gonna be more open about my feelings!"
Nigel Brown says: "I'll never let her out of my sight again!"
Lucy, I Love You!
As Principal Brown talks to Gumball and Darwin, Miss Simian's bus changes lanes, revealing an identical bus in front of it. They follow the wrong bus as it pulls up to a gas station.
Nigel Brown says: "Where is she?"
Nigel Brown says: "We followed the coach all the way here!"
Nigel Brown says: "I've lost my Lucy!!"
Darwin says: "Look!"
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy!"
Nigel Brown says: "I..."
Gumball says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Darwin says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy, I LOVE YOU!!"
From inside the bus, Lucy hears this.
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
Nigel Brown says: "Nothing happened."
Gumball says: "Ugh."
Gumball says: "I am so sorry."
Gumball says: "It looks like we didn't break the spell."
Lucy Simian says: "Nigel?"
Nigel Brown says: "Lucy?"
He puts his glasses back on, and to his surprise, the real Lucy is standing in front of him.
Nigel Brown says: "LUCY!!"
Lucy Simian says: "Oh, Nigel!!"
Lucy Simian says: "You love me!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm so happy you really love me!"
Nigel Brown says: "And I'm so happy you're not a neck pillow anymore!"
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "True love did break the spell!"
Gumball says: "Uh, did it?"
He looks over to the road, where the neck pillow is still on the bus, driving away.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Should we tell him?"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Let's not break this beautiful moment."
Gumball says: "Besides, something tells me it'll be pretty useful to have a principal who believes in a magic gnome."
Principal Brown and Miss Simian drive away in romantic bliss with their arms around each other. She pulls him close, and they dreamily gaze at each other. As they appear to be driving into the sky, Principal Brown turns to Gumball and Darwin and waves at them joyfully.
Darwin says: "We should tell them that they drove into that truck though, right?"
Cut to reveal their car on top of a car carrier with a ramp. An iris closes on them, and the episode ends.