Attempting to Escape Gym Class.
Scene begins outside the infirmary, where Gumball and Darwin are. Gumball knocks on the door.
Darwin says: "Are you sure this is gonna work?"
Darwin says: "'Cause I really don't want to go to gym class."
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "My legs are trying to kick my brain for just thinking about it."
Gumball says: "But don't you worry."
Gumball says: "Today's the day the plan works."
Darwin says: "But it's already gone wrong so many times."
Darwin says: "Maybe we should just accept our fate and go to gym class."
Darwin says: "OW!"
Gumball says: "Don't say that word."
Gumball says: "You're making them  angry."
Gumball says: "Just let me deal with this."
Gumball knocks on the door again, and Joan answers.
Joan says: "What is it?"
Joan says: "No, I haven't lost weight."
Joan says: "No, I haven't done something new with my hair."
Joan says: "No, you don't have the Bubonic Plague."
Joan says: "No, you can't have a second opinion on that, therefore, no, you cannot get a note to skip gym class."
Joan says: "What was that?"
Gumball says: "Don't worry about it."
Gumball says: "What's more important is that I respect you as a professional and I commend you for your dedication to medical practice."
Gumball says: "And for this, I would like to personally shake you by the hand."
Joan opens her hand to find a coin.
Joan says: "Did you just give me a quarter?"
Gumball says: "And there's plenty more where that came from."
Gumball says: "How does a thousand cents sound to you?"
Darwin says: "Ten dollars?"
Gumball says: "How does a hundred cents sound to you?"
Joan says: "A dollar?"
Joan says: "If I just wrote you a note now, would you promise never to come back?"
Joan opens her hand to reveal a slip of paper.
Joan says: "Hey, that's an I."
Joan says: "O."
Joan says: "U."
Gumball says: "Told you it would work."
Gumball and Darwin dance like cool kids through the hallway, but are then blocked by a mysterious, very large figure.
Coach  Russo says: "Why are you kids not in gym class?"
Darwin says: "We've got a sick note."
Coach  Russo says: "Where is this sick note exactly?"
Gumball and Darwin manage to get their heads unstuck from behind Coach.
Gumball says: "I think it's in there somewhere."
Coach  Russo says: "How convenient."
Coach  Russo says: "You don't look very sick to me."
Coach  Russo says: "And you look at me in the eye when I'm talking to you."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "sure."
Gumball says: "Let me just take a step back."
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "What's going on here?"
Gumball says: "You don't seem to be getting any further away."
Gumball says: "Oh, there we go."
Gumball says: "Hi, mis..."
Gumball says: "ter..."
Gumball says: "?"
Coach  Russo says: "You can call me Coach."
Coach  Russo says: "Now get to gym class."
Gumball kicks himself in the face again and the screen turns to black.
Gym Class.
Scene opens inside Gumball's body, showing his heart, whose beats are getting faster.
Heart says: "What's going on?"
Lungs says: "I have no idea, but it's horrible!"
Heart says: "Code Red!"
Heart says: "I repeat -- Code Red!"
Heart says: "This is not a drill!"
Heart says: "This body is exercising!"
Intestine says: "Somebody do something!"
Heart says: "Brain Dude!"
Heart says: "what do we do?"
Heart says: "I can feel myself getting healthier!"
Brain says: "Well, in circumstances like this, I think it's safe to say that now would be the right time to..."
Brain says: "FREAK OUT!"
All of Gumball's organs start screaming. Gumball is shown doing push-ups while sweat pours out of his armpits.
Jamie says: "Hey, Watterson, If your sweat reaches me, I'm gonna invite you to a pain party, where the only guests are you, me and my fist."
Gumball says: "It's not sweat."
Gumball says: "It's my organs crying."
Coach  Russo says: "Come on, Watterson."
Coach  Russo says: "If you can't manage a simple push-up, how are you ever gonna do a cartwheel?"
Gumball says: "Why would I ever want to do a cartwheel?"
Coach  Russo says: "Because everything you learn in gym class could make a difference in your life one day."
Gumball says: "What possible use could I have for knowing how to do a cartwheel, apart from physically replacing the wheel on a cart?"
Coach  Russo says: "Maybe the day you want to win gold in the eighty-six Olympics."
Darwin says: "That's not a cartwheel."
Darwin says: "That's just a photo of you upside down."
Coach rotates the photo.
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, that still doesn't prove it's useful."
Coach  Russo says: "Oh, really?"
Coach  Russo says: "Jamie, you're running being chased by a pack of angry dogs, but oh, no, you've dropped your pen."
Coach  Russo says: "Now, do you let those dogs have that hard-earned pen, or do you cartwheel your way out of it like a boss?"
Jamie cartwheels to get the pen to the coach.
Gumball says: "Statistically, that is quite unlikely, but in that highly illogically and incredibly specific situation, I guess you do have a point."
Gumball says: "But what about that stuff?"
Coach  Russo says: "Let me paint you a picture."
Coach  Russo says: "You're being chased by another pack of angry dogs."
Coach  Russo says: "You've reached a ravine with only asymmetric bars allowing you to reach the other side."
Coach  Russo says: "They want your pen."
Coach  Russo says: "What do you do?"
Gumball says: "I guess I'd just turn on my jet pack, fly over the ravine, land in my flying car, and drive to space."
Coach  Russo says: "That's completely unrealistic."
Coach  Russo says: "Jamie, come here and show Watterson how you would do it."
Jamie does several swings around the bar and lands perfectly on the gym floor. They stare in shock.
Coach  Russo says: "Perfect."
Coach  Russo says: "You remind me of me at your age."
Gumball says: "Except for the fact she has a neck."
Coach hears this and points to the bar. Gumball then tries to swing around it.
Coach  Russo says: "Faster."
Coach  Russo says: "That's not how you take gold at the eighty-six Olympics."
Coach flips the photo.
Gumball starts spinning, and his pants fly off Oooooh, man! Darwin! my pants!
Darwin says: "Try and go faster!"
Darwin says: "Speed will blur your shame."
Gumball says: "I can't!"
Gumball says: "I'm at full speed!"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "Anything!"
Darwin says: "Hold on!"
Darwin says: "I'm gonna try and put them back on in three, two..."
Darwin gets knocked by the spinning Gumball and his head flies out of a window.
Cuts to Jamie jumping on the trampoline.
Gumball says: "Yeah, yeah."
Gumball says: "Why don't we just let Jamie show us how to do it?"
Jamie rotates quickly in the air; Alan, Gumball and Darwin look at her in amazement.
Coach  Russo says: "And that is how you win three gold medals in trampolining."
Coach  Russo says: "Now show me what you got."
Gumball jumps on the trampoline.
Coach  Russo says: "Higher."
Coach  Russo says: "Higher."
Coach  Russo says: "Higher."
Gumball jumps high, and does not fall down.
Coach  Russo says: "Angry dogs -- three."
Coach  Russo says: "Watterson -- nil."
Coach  Russo says: "Lesson over."
School Cafeteria.
Darwin says: "How am I gonna eat?"
Darwin says: "Coach worked all my muscle groups."
Darwin says: "Even my tongue hurts."
Anton says: "Coach told me I need to cut out the carbs."
Anton says: "And that's all I am!"
Alan​​ says: "When Coach said they were gonna get us into shape, I never expected to look like this."
Carrie says: "That workout was horrible."
Carrie says: "I actually feel..."
Carrie says: "alive."
The door of the school cafeteria opens suddenly, and Jamie enters.
Jamie says: "If you don't get out of my way, you're gonna meet the new "Fistory" Teacher, Professor Knuckles, for a two-hour lesson of pain."
Jamie says: "NOW MOVE!"
Darwin, Carrie, Alan, Anton, and Rocky go, but Gumball does not go.
Jamie says: "What are you still doing here?"
Gumball says: "To be honest, the pain from moving would be worse than the pain from your fists, so just go ahead."
As Jamie starts to punch, Coach enters and "whistles" again, blowing several raspberries. Everyone stares. As the Coach walks foward, spit flies on Gumball An day Jamie.
Coach  Russo says: "The only type of fighting I tolerate is on the mat like when I won the gold medal in Tae Kwon do at the nineteen eighty-eight Olympics."
Coach  Russo says: "Jamie, you apologize to Watterson this instant."
Jamie says: "Yes, Coach."
Jamie says: "I-I'm sorry, Coach."
Coach  Russo says: "Now, what do we say to people we've upset?"
Jamie says: "I'm sorry, Gumball, for what I said."
Jamie says: "Let's put our differences to bed."
Jamie says: "I hope these words will make amends and we can be the best of friends."
Everyone gasps and their jaws drop. Scene cuts to Richard's car. He notices the kids's dropped jaws and plays with the heights of the car windows. Scene cuts to the Wattersons' dining table where Gumball and Darwin and scooping food into their open jaws. Richard takes some from Darwin's mouth. Scene cuts to them brushing their teeth without the toothbrushes touching anything, and finally to their bedroom at night, where their dropped jaws and snoring open and closes the door and blanket, and moving a basketball and a poster.
The Next Day.
The school bell rings. Everyone's jaws in the hallway are still dropped.
Jamie says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You apologized."
Jamie says: "Yeah, whatever."
Jamie says: "You better shut up if you don't want Mr."
Jamie says: "and Mrs."
Jamie says: "Pain to invite you to dinner."
Jamie says: "They only serve filet o'fist!"
Gumball says: "It's okay, Jamie."
Gumball says: "You can let that anger go."
Gumball says: "You touched our hearts yesterday."
Jamie says: "Oh, I'll touch your heart..."
Jamie says: "with my fist!"
Gumball says: "That's..."
Gumball says: "quite a vivid image, but understand you don't have to be a bully anymore."
Gumball says: "Coach saw what we were all too blind to see."
Gumball says: "That you're really a sweet, kind..."
Gumball says: "orange thing with, uh, a hat or a wig or some kind of a helmet and horns that we're proud to call our friend."
Jamie picks up Gumball and throws him into Darwin's mouth.
Jamie says: "I am not anyone's friend!"
Jamie says: "The only friends I need are grandma and grandpa fist."
Jamie says: "And they don't give candy."
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to work on Jamie's hugging technique."
School bell rings, and everyone out of the school.
Gumball says: "You don't think Jamie's really gonna do anything bad, do you?"
Darwin says: "Of course not."
Darwin says: "Just because she fed Anton to the ducks..."
Gumball says: "Dude, stop talking about it!"
Gumball says: "I can't take any more horrible flashbacks!"
Darwin says: "But people change."
Darwin says: "Just because she did all that doesn't mean  she's capable of climbing into the back of a teacher's car to do something so bad that it'll go down in school history!"
Jamie enters Coach's car from the back. Coach does not seem to notice.
Darwin says: "Dude, we got to do something!"
Gumball says: "Hold up!"
Gumball says: "Let's try the easy way first."
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Darwin starts pushing Gumball. Coach continues driving, while singing along to a strange tune on the radio.
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Gumball says: "Behind you!"
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Gumball says: "Coach!"
Gumball says: "Watch out, Coach!"
Gumball says: "COACH!"
Darwin says: "Dude, stop it!"
Darwin says: "It's pretty clear Coach can't hear you."
Gumball says: "You're right..."
Gumball says: "JAMIE!"
Gumball says: "JAMIE!"
Darwin says: "No, we need a shortcut."
Darwin says: "There!"
Gumball says: "There they go!"
Darwin says: "All we got to do is get across that wet cement using those asymmetric scaffolding poles."
Gumball says: "But how?"
An image of the Coach appears.
Imaginary Coach says: "Because everything you learn in gym class can make a difference in your life one day."
Gumball says: "Coach, you've got to pull over."
Imaginary Coach says: "Kid, I'm a vision, not a phone."
Gumball says: "Okay, just imagine there's a pack of dogs doing some stuffs and you've got to get to the other side of that."
Gumball does an impressive feat of gymnastic, but still faceplants in the wet cement.
Darwin says: "Hurry up!"
Darwin says: "We're losing him!"
Gumball continues to run while covered in cement.
Darwin says: "No, wait, they're slowing down!"
Darwin says: "We're not losing them!"
Darwin says: "No, wait, they're going faster again!"
Darwin says: "We're losing them!"
Darwin says: "Oh no, they slowed down again!"
Darwin says: "They're turning the corner!"
Darwin says: "They're driving up the street!"
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "They're gone!"
Gumball says: "How are we gonna find them now?"
Gumball and Darwin spot Tobias jumping on his trampoline. Gumball lifts it to the side while Tobias is coming down from the air, causing him to crash into his house.
Darwin says: "I can't see them yet!"
Gumball says: "There they are!"
Darwin says: "Where?"
Gumball says: "Over there!"
Darwin says: "I cant see where you're pointing!"
Gumball says: "Just follow me!"
Gumball says: "How come you look so good?"
Darwin says: "I walked around the block."
Darwin says: "What kind of psycho jumps over three streets?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I was just in the moment, I guess."
Darwin says: "Come on!"
Darwin says: "Let's cut through this backyard and catch them on the other side!"
They enter the backyard, where they see a pack of angry dogs.
Darwin says: "Angry dogs, and I've got a pen in my pocket."
Darwin says: "What do we do?"
Gumball says: "We cartwheel out of here like a boss."
Darwin says: "Okay, what do we do now?"
Gumball says: "Just keep on cartwheeling."
The Cube Dogs stop growling, confused at Gumball and Darwin's cartwheeling. They continue as the dogs clear the way and observe them curiously.
Gumball says: "Yes."
Darwin says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "There they are!"
Gumball says: "Jamie!"
Gumball says: "Coach watch out!"
Gumball says: "Jamie, no!"
Gumball says: "Coach is your mom!"
Darwin says: "Coach is your mom!"
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "?"
Mr. Russo says: "Isn't the resemblance obvious?"
Jamie says: "What?"
Jamie says: "You're shocked because mommy is now at school to keep me in check?"
Jamie says: "You're shocked because no one have to be scared of me anymore and all I have is big talk?"
Jamie says: "You're shocked because fist's license to punch is revoked as of now?"
Gumball says: "No, dude."
Gumball says: "We are shocked because..."
Gumball says: "Coach is a WOMAN?"
Darwin says: "Coach is a WOMAN?"
Episode ends.