Principal Brown's Office.
The episode begins with Principal Brown holding a jar of hair removal wax and reading its instructions.
Nigel Brown says: "Oh well, I guess I just have to wait for the seventies to come back into fashion."
Nigel Brown says: "Oh!"
He sees Gumball and Darwin gaping at him, disturbed by what they have just seen. Brown throws a lump of his waxed hair at the trash bin. He misses.
Nigel Brown says: "How long have you been standing there?"
Gumball says: "Long enough for curiosity to turn into regret."
Nigel Brown says: "Right!"
Nigel Brown says: "Any plans for the weekend?"
Gumball says: "Well, I was gonna go on a date with Penny, but maybe I'll just stay home and bleach my eyeballs."
Nigel Brown says: "Well, clear your diaries, gentlemen."
Nigel Brown says: "It's your turn to look after the school hamster, Chris Morris."
The principal brings out a hamster cage, and shows Chris Morris to Gumball and Darwin. There is a beat as they stare down the old and hairy hamster.
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "This hamster's so old it should be classified as a mineral."
Gumball says: "I don't wanna be the kid responsible for him when he turns into dust!"
Nigel Brown says: "Well, I'm afraid it wasn't a request."
Nigel Brown says: "It's an order."
Nigel Brown says: "-extremely good care of him."
Nigel Brown says: "Ahem!"
Nigel Brown says: "Just a moment."
He watches the clock nearby tick down to four o'clock.
Nigel Brown says: "Aaaaaand-It's four o'clock."
Nigel Brown says: "I'm not a principal anymore, I don't care."
Miss Simian barges into the office with weird make-up on.
Lucy Simian says: "Romance."
Lucy Simian says: "NOW!"
Miss Simian and Principal Brown start making weird noises and movements with their mouths and faces. This disturbs Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "I think we've heard enough."
Gumball and Darwin leave with Chis Morris' cage. Principal Brown leaps into Miss Simian's arms. She catches him, and they leave the office together. After they all leave, a lump of Principal Brown's hair moves, revealing itself to actually be Chris Morris. He squeaks unintelligibly, then slowly crawls away.
The Next Day.
The scene shows the Wattersons' house followed by a time-lapse to the next day as seen through the window of Gumball's room.
Gumball wakes up, excited.
Gumball says: "My date with Penny!"
He gets up, and fixes up his hair. After trying out many hairstyles, he settles on one.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "I'm doing my hair for the date."
Darwin says: "Oh, cool!"
Darwin says: "What should I wear?"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Darwin says: "For the date!"
Gumball says: "Dude, you're not coming to my date."
Gumball says: "You'd be a third wheel."
Darwin says: "Yeah, on your tricycle."
Gumball says: "No way, man."
Darwin says: "But I've got nothing to do!"
Gumball says: "Well, you can look after Chris Morris."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "I've got stuff to do."
Gumball says: "You just said you had nothing to do!"
Gumball says: "Fine, I'll look after him then."
Gumball says: "But it's your fault if this drain-hair burrito uses his last breath to ruin my date."
Gumball's Date with Penny.
Penny and Gumball are eating out in a restaurant at the Elmore Mall. "Chris Morris" Principal Brown's lump of hair is out of his cage on the table where Penny and Gumball are sitting.
Penny says: "Oh, he's so cute!"
Penny says: "I think it's so cool that you're looking after him."
Gumball says: "You do?"
Gumball says: "Well, you see the thing you gotta learn about me, Penny, is that I'm a stand-up guy."
Penny smiles.
Gumball says: "The kind of guy who takes care of school pets without being asked."
Gumball says: "The kind of guy who welcomes responsibility."
Gumball says: "The kind of guy you'd wanna marry."
Penny stops giggling and has a questionable expression on her face as she does a so-so gesture.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You don't believe me?"
Gumball says: "Then check out these dad skills."
Gumball says: "There, there."
Gumball says: "I've got you little fella."
Penny smiles at Gumball. She sees him as a handsome muscular cat.
Gumball says: "I will always be there for you."
Penny says: "Ooh!"
Penny says: "He's so paternal."
Gumball says: "Here my son, I have provided."
Penny says: "Dude, ugh!"
Penny says: "Okay, alright, I believe you!"
Gumball stops.
Penny says: "Maybe you are marriage material."
Gumball says: "Well, please send your resumé to my secretary."
Penny says: "Aw!"
Penny and Gumball both laugh, having a great time.
Try Chris Morris!
Back at home, Darwin sits by the computer. He seems annoyed and angry.
Gumball dances in, with "Chris Morris" inside his cage. Darwin attempts to ignore him.
Gumball says: "Oh, my gosh, dude!"
Gumball says: "You have to hang out with Chris Morris, he's the best!"
Gumball says: "I just had the most awesome date with Penny, and he was the perfect wingman!"
Darwin says: "Dude!"
Darwin says: "I'm trying to give you the silent treatment, but it doesn't work if you don't notice!"
Gumball gives Darwin "Chris Morris".
Gumball says: "Just try him."
Gumball says: "Try Chris Morris."
Darwin's Conversation with "Chris Morris".
Darwin and "Chris Morris" are on a bench in the park. Darwin sighs.
Darwin says: "Things have changed."
Darwin says: "It used to just be me and him, versus the world."
Darwin is suddenly shown laughing hysterically.
Darwin is shown again, now paranoidly rocking on a kiddy ride.
Darwin says: "I just don't want to be left alone, you see?"
Darwin says: "It's the silence..."
Darwin says: "the terrible silence..."
Darwin is back on the bench, yelling at "Chris Morris." As he screams, he scares off some nearby park goers.
Darwin says: "You don't get to judge me, Chris Morris!"
Darwin says: "You're not one of my dads!"
We cut to Darwin sobbing. Leslie passes by.
Leslie​​​​​​ says: "Hi, Darwin."
Darwin is shown. He has calmed down.
Darwin says: "You know what, Chris Morris?"
Darwin says: "I think I just realized that all this is coming from my fear of abandonment."
Darwin says: "I'm projecting my anxieties onto my brother and forgetting to actually live my own life."
Darwin says: "thank you."
Chris Morris Is the Best!
Darwin returns home. Gumball is on the couch.
Darwin says: "Chris Morris is the best!"
Gumball says: "The best, right?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "He's such a good listener."
Darwin says: "He really helped me through some stuff."
Gumball says: "Is there nothing he can't do?"
Darwin says: "I love it when he does that!"
Gumball says: "I can't believe how much happiness he's brought us."
Darwin says: "And the fact that he's probably contagious."
Gumball says: "We're sorry Chris Morris."
Gumball says: "We're gonna give you all the love you deserve!"
They both press their faces through the bars of the cage.
Gumball says: "We'd better take him out of the cage first."
The Truth.
The boys run down to "Chris Morris".
Gumball says: "He's not moving!"
Darwin says: "Do something!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna put some water on his face."
Gumball picks "him" up and with Darwin rushes into the house. But he trips, and sends "Chris" flying. "Chris" lands on a frying pan that Richard is using to cook.
Richard says: "AHH!"
Richard says: "RAT!"
Gumball says: "Dad, don't!"
He picks up "Chris Morris," but "he" is hot from being hit by the frying pan. Gumball throws him away, and je lands in the terrarium of the Evil Turtle. The turtle bites "Chris Morris," but Darwin rescues "him," sending him flying through the air towards Gumball.
Gumball says: "I've got it."
Gumball says: "I've got it!"
Gumball says: "Ahhhhh!"
Darwin says: "You have to wait for the end of the cycle!"
The dishwasher eventually opens. "Chris Morris" is dumped out, all wet.
Gumball says: "Ahhhhh!"
Gumball says: "We need to give him mouth-to-mouth!"
Darwin says: "Use this macaroni!"
Gumball places the macaroni into "Chris Morris," and breathes into it. "Chris Morris" inflates, then pops.
Darwin says: "You have some Chris Morris on your face."
Gumball says: "I'm not really a vet, but I don't think that was Chris Morris."
Darwin says: "You realize what that means?"
Gumball says: "with no food or water!"
Gumball says: "No… No… No… NOOOO!!"
The Search for Chris Morris.
The boys are at the school,trying to find the real Chris Morris. Gumball tries the door, but it's locked.
Darwin says: "Should we call Rocky, and get him to let us in so we can find Chris Morris?"
Gumball says: "Are you crazy, man?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "We can't let people know we left an infirm rodent alone all weekend with no food or water."
Gumball says: "People hate animal cruelty."
Gumball says: "We'd get our butts kicked."
Darwin says: "Wouldn't that be animal cruelty?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's a vicious circle."
Gumball says: "We gotta get Chris Morris back in his cage before anyone finds out."
[We cut to Chris Morris's POV says: ""Forget you."
who overhears Gumball says: ""Forget you."
Darwin's talk says: ""Forget you."
starts squeaking angrily. It is subtitled as says: ""Forget you."
Darwin says: "How do we get in without being seen?"
Gumball says: "Leave this to me."
Gumball uses his claw to cut a circle in the school window, then picks up Darwin to pick out glass, like a suction cup. This causes the wall to fall. They put the glass back where it was.
Chasing Chris Morris.
Gumball and Darwin find Chris Morris in the hallway. Chris Morris stares at them.
Gumball says: "There he is."
Gumball says: "I got this."
Gumball says: "Chris Morriiis!"
Gumball says: "Come here, little buddy!"
Chris Morris grabs a mop, and holds it close to the fire alarm.
Gumball says: "Uh, don't worry, Chris Morris, we won't hurt you."
Gumball says: "Just drop your weapon."
Chris Morris squeaks, which is translated as "Poor choice of words.".
Gumball says: "Chris Morris, no!"
Chris Morris drops the mop and breaks the glass, activating the fire alarm.
Gumball says: "Why, you little..."
Chris Morris disappears.
Darwin says: "Get him!"
Gumball and Darwin run to catch Chris Morris, but run past him due to how slow he is moving.
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to adapt to his speed."
Darwin says: "How slow would that be?"
Gumball says: "Like, '90s-Internet slow?"
Gumball and Darwin try to catch Chris Morris, but this time very slowly, moving in a manner not unlike a buffering web video.
Donut Sheriff says: "Must be some kind of alarm malfunction, but we'd better take a look around."
Gumball says: "Phew!"
Lucy Simian says: "Huh?"
Lucy Simian says: "Ha!"
Miss Simian turns around. The boys are gone.
Lucy Simian says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "He's heading for the science lab."
Chriss Morris turns around, and gives Gumball and Darwin a "loser" gesture.
Gumball says: "UGH!"
Darwin says: "UGH!"
Gumball says: "Let's head him off at the lab."
Gumball says: "You can run, but you can't hide."
Gumball sniffs around, cat-like.
Gumball says: "I can smell you."
Darwin says: "Yeah, me too."
Darwin says: "It's kind of gassy."
Gumball and Darwin turn around, and see a lit bunsen burner with a broken lamp next to it. Their gaze, and the camera, follows the wire under a door, and up to Chris Morris on the other side, holding it and another wire. He plugs them together.
Gumball says: "RUN!"
Gumball says: "Jump!"
Gumball and Darwin flop face-first onto the floor.
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
Gumball says: "Wrong timing."
The blast wave rushes past Gumball and Darwin. Gumball stands up, singed and furious.
Gumball says: "CHRIS MORRIS!"
Chris Morris turns around, just in time to see Gumball sprinting towards him, fast enough to leave a trail of flames. He is tackled by Gumball, and the two sail through the air.
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh, I think we're wasting our time here."
Doughnut Sheriff yawns, and Gumball and Chris Morris fly through his mouth.
Donut Sheriff says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Gotcha."
Chris Morris bites Gumball's hand. He screams in pain, flinging Chris Morris away.
Nigel Brown says: "-that?"