Slave for the Day.
Episode starts at the playground. Gumball is seen with Darwin in his mouth.
Darwin says: "I still maintain that you wouldn't be able to beat Dad in an eating contest!"
Gumball sucks Darwin further into his mouth.
Darwin says: "Okay, okay, you win."
Darwin says: "LET ME OUT!"
Gumball spits him out.
Gumball says: "Your turn."
Gumball says: "I bet you can't kiss your own tail."
Darwin says: "Challenge accepted."
Darwin stretches himself out and desperately tries to reach his own tail.
Gumball says: "Ha ha ha, dude."
Gumball says: "You look like a wiener with a botched facelift!"
Darwin looks down at the ground in defeat.
Gumball says: "Okay, you lost."
Gumball says: "You're my slave for the day now!"
Darwin says: "WHAT?"
Darwin says: "No way, man, double or quits!"
Darwin says: "I bet you can't pluck that flower with your butt and carry it across the playground."
Gumball says: "Mmm-hmm..."
Gumball plucks the flower with his butt, carries it across the playground, and lets it drop to the ground at the other side.
Darwin says: "WAIT, NO!"
Darwin says: "Errrr..."
Darwin says: "I bet I can jump through my own leg!"
Darwin grabs his leg and tries to jump through it. He ends up faceplanting, giving himself a black eye and a few scratches.
Darwin says: "Triple or quits!"
He tries again and faceplants. His face is even more messed up.
Darwin says: "Quadruple or quits!"
He tries yet again and faceplants. His face is pressed into his head.
Darwin says: "What's the next tuple after that?"
Bobert says: "Quintuple."
Bobert says: "Why are you repeatedly jumping on your face?"
Darwin kicks himself in the back of his head, making his face pop back out.
Darwin says: "Because it's fun!"
Bobert says: "Define 'fun'."
Gumball says: "Oh, you know, like hanging out with friends, gawking at girls, and playing games like this one!"
Bobert says: "Computing friends, girls, games."
Bobert says: "Results: zero."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other, gasp, and cry.
Bobert says: "Can I join your game?"
Gumball says: "Of course you can."
Gumball says: "Okay, we're playing bets, and the loser is the winner's servant for twenty-four hours!"
Bobert says: "But your chances of beating a robotic unit in any task is zero point zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, one percent."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Well, I bet you can't say the alphabet faster than me!"
Bobert says: "Challenge accepted."
Gumball says: "The alphabet."
Bobert says: "Recomputing question."
Bobert says: "Trick detected."
Bobert says: "Failure acknowledged."
Gumball says: "Sorry, man, you lose!"
Bobert says: "Switching hard-drive to slave mode."
Bobert briefly turns off and on again. His pupils dilate massively, and his voice becomes monotonous.
Bobert says: "Awaiting command."
Gumball says: "Dude, we have our own super hi-tech robot for twenty-four hours!"
Darwin says: "We can use his power for the good of mankind!"
Gumball says: "We can save dolphins!"
Darwin says: "And stop global warming!"
Gumball says: "And bring peace to the world!"
Darwin says: "There's so much good we can do!"
Scene cuts to Bobert releasing a jet of flames from his behind in the nurse's office.
Bobert says: "Do you have anything for this?"
Joan says: "Well, I- uhh, I'm not a mechanic, but, uhh, how long has this been going on?"
Bobert says: "Ever since I fell in love with your mom."
Gumball and Darwin are seen watching from the door.
Darwin says: "I thought you wanted to do good for mankind?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, but this is more fun."
Gumball says: "Now make out with the defibrillator!"
Bobert grabs the defibrillator.
Joan says: "Oh, no, what are you doing?"
Principal Brown walks past the door, then looks at Bobert in shock.
Nigel Brown says: "What the..."
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson!"
Gumball smiles nervously at Principal Brown.
Get Lost.
Gumball says: "This is a violation of the first amendment!"
Nigel Brown says: "Preventing you from breaking medical equipment and making jokes about the nurse's mother is not a violation of your freedom of speech!"
Nigel Brown says: "As punishment, you will mow the stadium field during your lunch break."
Nigel Brown says: "Now get out of here."
Gumball, Darwin, and Bobert exit Principal Brown's office.
Gumball says: "I wish that guy would just get lost."
Bobert dings.
Bobert says: "I wish that guy would just get lost."
Scene cuts to Principal Brown waking up in a rain forest.
Nigel Brown says: "Where am I?"
Cut to the stadium, where Bobert is shooting a laser beam at the football field.
Gumball says: "Bobert, A bit more on the left!"
Darwin says: "I don't think that's right."
Gumball says: "I know!"
Gumball says: "Principal Brown has no sense of humor, man."
Darwin says: "I'm talking about the way you treat Bobert."
Gumball says: "Well, I'm sorry, but he's the one who asked to play."
Gumball says: "Careful with those edges, dude!"
Gumball says: "Besides, I didn't make the rules."
Darwin Uh, yeah you did. And you know Bobert's not normal. His life is so sad. We should help him.
Gumball says: "Sure, whatever."
Bobert says: "Task complete."
Gumball says: "A bit more hair on the horse's tail!"
Bobert shoots more laser beams. Scene zooms out, showing the equation on the field which is pictures of glasses plus a horse's rear equals Principal Brown.
Gumball says: "Perfect."
How to Talk to Girls.
Darwin says: "Bobert, we're going to find you a girlfriend."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Darwin says: "Now walk up to Tina."
Darwin says: "She's desperate, and you are..."
Darwin says: "available?"
Bobert says: "But I don't know how to talk to girls."
Gumball says: "And he's probably not gonna appreciate switching out of slave mode to find he's married to some Jurassic meat sack!"
Gumball says: "What am I talking about?"
Gumball says: "This is funniest idea ever."
Bobert says: "Hey, baby girl."
Tina growls.
Bobert says: "This might come as a shock."
Darwin says: "But I can see there's an energy inside you."
Bobert says: "But I can see there's an energy inside you."
Bobert says: "-together, sparks would fly."
Bobert says: "-electric."
Tina says: "Whoa, no one's ever spoken to me with such poetry before."
Bobert says: "I'm talking to the fuse box."
Tina growls. Darwin punches Gumball.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, I just couldn't help it."
Gumball says: "You kept talking about all that electric stuff, and the fuse box was there!"
Tina roars, Bobert's head flies across the screen, and Gumball stops laughing.
In the Classroom.
Darwin says: "I can't believe you did that to Bobert!"
Darwin says: "All of this because of your stupid game."
Lucy Simian says: "Shhhhhh!"
Gumball says: "Dude, whisper."
Darwin says: "I am whispering!"
Gumball says: "No, you're just doing a whispery voice."
Gumball says: "If anything, it's louder than normal."
Gumball says: "Look, if you want make Bobert happy, you treat him like like a normal kid, not a charity case."
Darwin says: "Go tell that to his head!"
Joan says: "Well, I've patched him up as best as I can, but for the last time, I'm a nurse, I'm not a mechanic!"
Lucy Simian says: "Well, I'm not a florist  But you don't see me complaining, do you?"
Joan says: "Hmph!"
The bell rings, and everyone starts to leave.
Gumball says: "Bobert, would you rather have an awesome friend or a patronizing fairy godmother?"
Darwin says: "I'm not a fairy godmother!"
Lucy Simian says: "Get out of here!"
Lucy Simian says: "Can't you see I'm on my break?"
Gumball says: "Aw."
Gumball says: "Dude, she's even more upset than you are."
Gumball says: "She seriously needs to chill out."
Bobert says: "She seriously needs to chill out."
At the Park.
Gumball says: "Fetch!"
Darwin says: "So, this is treating him like a normal kid, huh?"
Gumball says: "Ah."
Gumball says: "A normal kid who lost his bet fair and square."
Gumball says: "Do you think I wouldn't do the same to you?"
Darwin says: "I guess you would, but still."
Darwin says: "This is no way to treat a, uh..."
Gumball says: "Go on, say it!"
Gumball says: "A challenged person?"
Darwin says: "No."
Gumball says: "You think you're better than him?"
Gumball says: "It took you five years to learn facial expressions, and there are still some you don't know!"
Gumball says: "What's this one?"
Darwin says: "You're making it difficult on purpose!"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, I made this one up, but that's my point."
Gumball says: "Bobert has to learn."
Gumball says: "He's a pretty sharp kid, you know."
Gumball says: "Don't let the dog get it!"
As the Cyclops Dog picks up the stick, Mr. Small, who is rollerskating, trips over Bobert. He tries to stay standing, but falls over. He is then seen talking sternly to Gumball, Darwin, and Bobert.
Mister Small says: "You're lucky I'm a licensed rollerblader, okay?"
Mister Small says: "If I hadn't been able to perform a safe roll, you could have lost a friend."
Gumball says: "This world needs less rollerbladers, man."
Bobert fires laser beams at Mr. Small.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "AAH!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "I'm okay!"
Terminate Gumball.
Gumball, Darwin, and Bobert are seen in class.
Gumball says: "Hey, Darwin."
Gumball says: "check this out."
Gumball says: "Bobert, divide by zero."
Bobert tries to, but malfunctions.
Darwin says: "See, that's the problem here."
Darwin says: "Any other kid, normal or not, would have some limits, but a robot just doesn't."
Darwin says: "It's unfair to do that to him."
Gumball says: "Why are you so uptight about this?"
Gumball says: "I don't see anyone else having a problem with it."
Darwin says: "That's because no one else is here."
Camera zooms out to reveal they are the only ones in class.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Where is everybody?"
Rocky says: "Hey, what are you still doing here?"
Rocky says: "School's cancelled today, there's no teachers."
Gumball says: "No teachers?"
Gumball says: "Get out of here."
Bobert stops malfunctioning and throws Rocky out the window.
Gumball says: "Uh, what just happened here?"
Bobert says: "Following command."
Gumball says: "Dude, I never asked you to throw him out the window, I said get out of here."
Bobert jumps out of a window.
Gumball says: "What the droid?"
Darwin says: "See, I told you!"
Darwin says: "A robot's got no limits or common sense."
Darwin says: "This can only go bad!"
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "come on."
Gumball says: "as long as I don't say, "Bobert, terminate Gumball" or whatever, it's fine."
Bobert turns on.
Darwin says: "Put an end to it!"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "What the.."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "What's your problem, man?"
Bobert says: "Following command."
Bobert says: "Bobert, terminate Gumball."
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah..."
Gumball says: "Delete that from your memory."
Bobert says: "Command denied."
Bobert says: "Commence termination."
Bobert's eye glows red. Gumball and Darwin run away as he begins firing lasers in their direction.
Darwin says: "Why am I running?"
Darwin says: "It's you he's trying to terminate."
Gumball says: "Because, you wanted to hear me say I was wrong."
Darwin says: "You know me well, don't you?"
They scream and fall into the cafeteria as Bobert shoots down the doors.
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "I have an idea!"
As Bobert walks into the cafeteria, Darwin is crying over a turkey from the freezer dressed in Gumball's shirt.
Darwin says: "Look at what you've done..."
Darwin says: "He was all I had."
Gumball is seen inside the freezer, unaware of Miss Simian behind him from the previous command “She seriously needs to chill out”.
Gumball says: "Come on, come on, come on, take the bait."
Lucy Simian says: "I'm sorry, Watterson."
Lucy Simian says: "I know this isn't appropriate, but I just need to warm up."
Gumball runs out of the freezer.
Gumball says: "AAAAHHH!"
Gumball says: "Get off!"
Gumball says: "Get off!"
Gumball says: "Get off!"
Lucy Simian says: "Wait!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm so cold!"
Bobert fires a laser beam at Miss Simian and sets her on fire as Darwin follows Gumball.
Lucy Simian says: "Ahh, that's better."
Gumball attempts to open two doors, before finally opening the door to the nurse's office.
Gumball says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Gumball says: "You need help me, Bobert's gone crazy."
Joan says: "Here you go."
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Joan says: "Tech-Support hotline..."
Joan says: "I am not a mechanic."
Gumball looks into the hall and sees Bobert, who tries to shoot more lasers at Gumball. Gumball screams and dodges a laser before grabbing the fire hose and the sticky note.
Gumball says: "Thanks!"
Gumball jumps out of the window as Bobert shoots at him, using the fire hose to fling him into the room on the ground floor. As Bobert walks away, Joan, who is completely charred by the explosion, puts a band-aid on her head before fainting. Gumball is then seen dialing the tech support on the school phone.
Technician says: "Good afternoon, and thank you for calling our Technical Support."
Gumball says: "Dagnabbit, you stupid answering machine!"
As Gumball yells, Bobert, who is being held back by Darwin, turns to look at Gumball.
Technician says: "No need to be rude, sir."
Technician says: "If you did this job all day, you too would end up talking like a machine."
Bobert shoots lasers at Gumball, one of which severs telephone's chord.
Darwin says: "Watch out!"
Gumball screams and jumps out of the way as one of Bobert's lasers destroy the telephone. Gumball returns and puts his hand into the change return slot.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Getting my change."
Darwin says: "Just get out of here!"
Gumball runs off as Bobert fires more lasers.
Library Finale.
Gumball runs into the library, closes the door and blocks it with a chair, but runs away as soon as Bobert starts melting the door. Bobert looks around the library, then finds where Gumball is trying to hide.
Darwin says: "I'm sorry, Gumball."
Darwin says: "I can't slow him down any longer, my belly's too chafed."
Darwin says: "Oh, wait, never mind, he's still going at exactly the same pace."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball pushes a bookshelf down on Bobert.
Gumball says: "Darwin, I got him!"
Darwin says: "You got me, too."
Gumball says: "Are you okay?"
Darwin says: "Oh, I'm fine."
Darwin says: "Apart from the fact that none of this would have happened if it wasn't for this stupid game!"
Gumball says: "It's not my fault."
Gumball says: "He wanted to be treated like a normal kid, So I treated him like one because, that's what he is."
Gumball says: "Aren't you, Bobert?"
Bobert says: "Initiating countdown!"
Gumball says: "Oh, great, he's gonna self-destruct."
Gumball says: "Even when I'm right, I'm wrong."
Bobert says: "Ten..."
Gumball says: "Please tell me that's minutes and not seconds."
Darwin says: "Get me out of here!"
Bobert says: "Nine..."
Gumball tries to lift the bookshelf back up but struggles.
Bobert says: "Eight..."
Gumball says: "Dude, I've got a plan."
Gumball says: "It involves me running out that door."
Gumball says: "The problem is only one of us survives."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "you got a better idea?"
Bobert says: "Seven..."
Darwin says: "Defuse him!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Like, water him down?"
Darwin says: "No, not dilute, defuse!"
Darwin says: "Like a bomb!"
Bobert says: "Six..."
Gumball says: "Hmm, do you have one of those tiny, tiny screwdrivers?"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Oh, well."
Bobert says: "Five..."
Gumball says: "Who would have thought that it would all end like this, huh?"
Darwin says: "There's still five seconds to do something!"
Bobert says: "Four..."
Darwin says: "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm waiting until he gets to three so I get that super strength you get in life-threatening situations."
Bobert says: "Three..."
Gumball says: "Not gonna happen."
Bobert says: "Two..."
Gumball says: "So, I guess it's time for some good last words, huh?"
Bobert says: "One..."
Gumball inhales to say something, but sighs and shrugs.
Bobert says: "Zero."
Bobert says: "Twenty-four hours completed!"
Bobert says: "Slave mode de-activated."
Bobert says: "Want to play another game?"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "yeah, all right."
Darwin makes a worried expression; the episode ends.