The Morning Surprise.
The episode starts with the kids in their room. Everyone is sleeping peacefully when Louie suddenly comes in.
Louie says: "Breakfast!"
Everyone abruptly wakes up screaming, then fall back asleep. Louie comes in again.
Louie says: "Breakfast!"
Everyone wakes up screaming again, only to go back to sleep. Louie comes in a third time.
Gumball interrupts Louie. He tries to put his foot over Louie's mouth.
Louie says: "Sorry, kids."
Louie says: "I don't have a snooze button."
Louie says: "Come on down, now."
Louie pulls Gumball out of bed. Gumball grabs Anais, who in turn grabs Darwin. Everyone is then being dragged downstairs by Louie.
Darwin says: "Why?"
Louie says: "Because as your new old grandpa, I wanna spend some quality time with ya!"
Anais says: "I call being asleep quality time."
Darwin says: "And no offense, Grandpa Louie, but I don't trust old people's taste in food!"
A flashback starts. Cut to a view of a fish on a plate.
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Granny Jojo says: "It's herring surprise."
Gumball says: "What's the surprise?"
The fish looks at Gumball and says "boo." After this, the flashback ends and cuts to the kids still being dragged.
Louie says: "Come on, it will be fun!"
Anais says: "No offense, but we don't trust old people's taste in fun, either."
Another flashback starts. Cut to the kids and Granny Jojo sitting on the couch. Granny Jojo has a crossword in her hand.
Granny Jojo says: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!"
The flashback ends. Cut to Louie dragging the kids into the kitchen.
Louie says: "Come on, I even have a present for you!"
Gumball says: "No offense, Grandpa Louie, but..."
Another flashback starts. The kids are out in the backyard opening a present. They look inside.
Darwin says: "What the?"
Darwin says: "How are we supposed to play with this?"
Granny Jojo says: "Like so."
Granny Jojo grabs the shoe, puts it on the ground, and starts running around it while laughing and clapping her hands. After this, the flashback ends. Louie and the kids have made it to the kitchen.
Louie says: "I guess you won't want my present, then."
Gumball says: "Nah..."
Gumball says: "Of course we do."
Louie says: "Here you go, guys."
Louie says: "A check for being my favorite grandkids!"
Gumball says: "Wow, thanks."
Anais says: "Gumball, it's a check!"
Anais says: "You take it to the bank and you exchange it for money!"
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais scream excitedly before they pick up Louie, throwing him in the air a few times while chanting "yes!" They then hug him, but he gets shot up into the air and through the roof.
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Louie says: "It's OK."
Louie says: "That was all I wanted."
Louie says: "Spend the money wisely!"
Gumball picks up the check.
Darwin says: "How much is it for?"
Gumball says: "Five dollars!"
Anais says: "Your thumb's in the way."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Five thousand."
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "Five thousand dollars?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Make it rain!"
Gumball slides his hand over the check as Darwin laughs.
Darwin says: "Maybe we should go to the bank and get it cashed."
Anais says: "No, let's figure out what to do with the money first."
Everyone starts thinking about how to spend the money.
Gumball says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Darwin and Anais nod their head "yes".
Darwin says: "We should spend it on making the world a better place!"
Anais says: "We should spend it on making the world a better place!"
Gumball says: "I was going to say  Vegas!"
Gumball says: "Now I feel like some sort of..."
Gumball says: "I mean..."
Gumball says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Yours is better."
Darwin's Charity Plan.
Darwin says: "I would use the money to set up a charity."
Cut to a shot of Darwin walking in town. He sees a hobo sitting on the sidewalk.
Darwin says: "It would start out small..."
Darwin says: "Here, my friend."
Darwin says: "Take it."
The hobo takes the dollar.
Darwin says: "Oh, don't be shy."
Darwin says: "Everyone needs human contact."
Hobo says: "No!"
Hobo says: "I don't!"
Hobo says: "Money's enough, thanks!"
Darwin pets the hobo on the head while the hobo is moaning.
Darwin says: "And then it would get bigger."
Cut to a shot of the Wattersons' TV. A commercial for a beef cake is shown.
Announcer says: "For just ninety-nine cents!"
A commercial featuring Darwin comes on.
Darwin says: "How ya doing?"
Darwin says: "Feeling comfortable?"
Darwin says: "That's funny."
Darwin says: "'Cause a lot of people on this planet aren't."
Darwin says: "In fact, there's a lot of people who have it really, really bad."
Darwin says: "How does that make you feel?"
Darwin says: "Are you proud?"
Darwin says: "Are you still feeling good?"
Darwin says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "Give them money!"
Darwin says: "Give us money so we can give it to them!"
Darwin says: "DO IT NOW!!!"
Darwin says: "GET OFF YOUR COUCH AND DO IT!!!"
Darwin says: "DO IT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!"
The commercial ends with a note saying "TO DONATE CALL 0800 555-0119. WATTERSON AID CERTIFIED CHARITY." while a happy tune plays. Then cut to a shot of a skyscraper with a picture of Earth on it.
Darwin says: "My charity would get bigger and bigger, and it would be called the Coalition of Really Really Useful People Together."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "C."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "C."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "O."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "O."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "R."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "R."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "R."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "R."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "U."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "U."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "P."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "P."
[The camera pans up to the top of the skyscraper says: "T."
which shows a sign showing the acronym for the company says: "T."
Darwin says: "First order of business, expanding the charity so we can help as many people as possible."
Darwin says: "So, how much money have we raised?"
Dolphin Man says: "Well, the TV campaign raised over three million dollars."
Darwin says: "Hooray!"
Dolphin Man says: "So, after paying for the offices, the media budget and the salaries for our advisers, we're left with twelve dollars and thirty cents to spend on actual charitable deeds."
Jeff says: "Ahem."
Dolphin Man says: "Oh, sorry."
Dolphin Man says: "Five dollars and twenty-nine cents."
Dolphin Man says: "Jeff bought donuts."
Darwin says: "But that's not enough!"
Goblin says: "Yes, but if a charity can't take care of itself, it can't take care of others."
Darwin says: "But I just wanted to help people."
Dolphin Man says: "Exactly, so we need to make even more money by diversifying it to other areas such as Toxic Waste Management."
Dolphin Man says: "We just need you to sign off on that."
Darwin says: "OK!"
Darwin says: "I don't see a problem with Toxic Waste Management."
Cut to a shot of Darwin in a toxic waste dump site.
Darwin says: "Uh, does anyone need any help from my charity?"
Darwin says: "Maybe just a hug?"
Darwin says: "Hello?"
Zombie versions of Masami, Carrie, Leslie, Tobias, Carmen and Sarah pop out and approach Darwin. He starts screaming as it cuts to the living room, where the kids are sitting on the couch.
Anais's Plan for World Peace.
Anais says: "I would use the money to make more money."
Anais says: "First, I would invest in a portfolio of high risk shares on the stock exchange."
Cut back to the couch.
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Cut to a shot of Anais in the bedroom.
Cut to a shot of Anais cutting a dollar in half in a dollar-filled environment.
Anais says: "First, I would invest in things and when they do well, I make money."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Anais says: "Listen."
Cut to a shot of Anais wearing glasses and standing in front of lots of stacks of dollars.
Anais says: "Greed minus morals times lack of empathy plus slicked back hair equals ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD!!!"
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Anais says: "Once I have all the money in the world, all I have to do is..."
Gumball says: "Go to Vegas!"
Anais says: "No, I have to destroy it all."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Cut to a shot of Anais cutting a dollar in half in a dollar-filled environment.
Anais says: "To bring people together."
Anais makes paper dolls using a dollar, then cut to Anais dancing with life-size versions of said paper dolls.
Anais says: "In my money-free world,  you won't need a car to go to work."
Banana Bob's car vanishes and he drops onto the ground, then cut to a shot of Harold painting his house.
Anais says: "Because you won't need to work to pay for material things!"
Harold's house vanishes, causing the ladder he's standing on to fall, then cut to a shot of some employees on an elevator.
Anais says: "You won't need to wear a suit to pretend you're someone you're not,  because everyone will be free to be one with nature."
The employees run joyfully out of the building naked, then cut to the Wattersons with others in a forest wearing nothing but leaf garments.
Anais says: "We won't eat meat, we'll never fight, we'll be incapable of hurting anything ever again!"
Anais says: "It will be paradise!"
Suddenly, a butterfly lands on a flower that traps it, then Mr. Small runs away from a bear. The Wattersons then get attacked by wolves.
Anais says: "Oh, yeah."
Anais says: "Predators."
Anais is swooped away by a bird, screaming. Cut back to the kids on the couch, where Darwin is screaming. Everyone sighs, then Gumball points at himself so the others can hear what he would do with the money. The two let him speak.
Gumball for President.
Gumball says: "I would use the money to buy a new suit and tie to become president of the world!"
Cut to a shot of Gumball sitting in front of the computer in his room. He is in a suit and tie.
Gumball says: "If you vote for me, I promise you a seven day weekend and state issue mobility scooters."
Gumball says: "I'll replace the water supply with soda, and the sidewalks with conveyor belts, AND I'll make pizza delivery the fourth emergency service."
Gumball holds up a hand-drawn sign saying "VOTE GUMBALL" in front of the camera.
Gumball says: "Then all I have to do is put it on the Internet."
Anais says: "Gumball, have you seen how many videos there are of fatheads asking to be president?"
Anais says: "You'd just be another drop of dumbness in the online ocean of idiocy."
Gumball says: "Do-do-do."
Gumball says: "Wait until you see my viral trump card!"
Cut to Hot Dog Guy looking on the computer at Gumball's trump card. It is a video of Gumball making hand fart noises in the tune of the Star-Spangled Banner.
Hot Dog Guy says: "Gets my vote!"
Soulless office worker says: "I don't know what he stands for, but he sure gets my vote!"
Anais says: "OK, Mr."
Anais says: "President."
Anais says: "So what are you going to do when everyone's so fat from eating pizza and not walking that they need a grabbing stick to grab their grabbing stick?"
Gumball says: "Everyone will have ROBOT SERVANTS!"
News Reporter says: "We've had more reports of robot servants refusing to obey commands."
Cut to a shot of Pantsbully and his robot servant. The robot is trying to give Pantsbully pizza, but instead keeps slapping him with it.
News Reporter says: "They seem to have developed a will of their own and are now violently rebelling against their owners."
In the time it takes for the news reporter to say this, the scene cuts to a robot servant carrying his owner to his car. However, the robot throws his owner out of sight and drives the car itself. Then cut to a shot of a huge fire in Elmore, with a couple of helicopters on the scene.
News Reporter says: "Scientists are baffled by what people are now calling  the Robolution."
Cut to a shot of a robot servant. It turns around and stares at the viewer while a drum beat like that of the "Terminator" theme song plays. Its eyes turn red, then TV static interrupts the news report. Then cut to a shot of President Gumball in his office.
Gumball says: "so let's just skip to the end."
President Gumball pushes a button that causes a giant explosion visible through the window behind him, meaning that a nuclear war/explosion has just occurred. A scream can be heard, and when the scene cuts back to the couch, it turns out Anais is muffling Darwin's scream.
Anais says: "Since all our ideas end with the total destruction of humanity, why don't we just split the money?"
Darwin says: "OK!"
Darwin says: "What's five-thousand divided by three?"
Anais says: "Well, it doesn't divide equally."
Anais says: "One of us will have to be a penny short."
Gumball, Darwin and Anais start shouting at each other about who ends up a penny short.
Gumball says: "Well, it can't be me because I deserve to be treated more equally than everyone else!"
Richard takes the check from out of Gumball's hand.
Richard says: "If you are incapable of sharing this money, then I'll take it and spend it on myself to teach you a valuable life lesson."
Nicole says: "Like your father said, we need this money for more important things."
Gumball says: "HEY!"
Gumball says: "YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT!"
Gumball says: "IT'S MINE!!"
Nicole says: "Not if I get to the bank first!"
Invisible Car Chase to the Bank.
Richard says: "HEY!!!"
Richard says: "GIVE IT BACK!!"
Richard says: "YOU'RE JUST GONNA SQUANDER IT ON FOOD AND BILLS AND ALL THE STUFF THAT KEEPS US ALIVE!!"
Nicole says: "Exactly!"
Richard says: "What the.."
Richard says: "?"
Darwin says: "How did she do that?"
Anais says: "And if she can do that, then why does she need the money to fix the car?"
Gumball says: "Just shut it and drive!"
Darwin puts on invisible seatbelt, Gumball starts his invisible car and mimics noise of revving it motor and Richard puts on a trucker hat. Gumball makes his "car" do a few donuts before speeding after Nicole. Darwin and Anais promptly follow him while Richard's "truck" is not moving.
Richard says: "Why isn't my invisible truck working?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh yeah.."
Richard says: "AAAAHHHHH!!!"
The Watterson family are in high-speed invisible car chase across town, trying to claim the check for themselves. Nicole moves her invisible rear view mirror and is too late to notice Gumball ramming his invisible car into hers.
Nicole says: "Stop it!"
Nicole says: "That's reckless driving!!"
Gumball says: "Not without a car, it's not!!!"
Gumball says: "Give me that!!!"
Gumball reaches for the check, but gasps as he and Nicole see Richard speeding toward them, running into Nicole's car hard enough to break her invisible wind shield and knock her unconscious. Gumball tries to reach the check, but doesn't keep his eyes on the road and speeds out of control on the pavement.
Gumball says: "AAAAAHHHHHHGGGHHH!!!!!"
Gumball breaks through a picket fence and knocks over a fire hydrant, coming to a stop next to it as it sprays water on top of him. Gumball then makes noises of an invisible folding roof setting up in his car. He signs in relief at being shielded from the water.
Nicole, unconscious in her still-moving car, accidentally drops the check and it falls onto the ground, where Richard stops by and picks it up while laughing with glee. Nicole slowly wakes up and sees road construction in her way. She quickly tries to get control but is too late as her invisible car drives onto a dirt ramp. She screams as the car goes flying and crashes into a house. Richard drives by and laughs.
Mr. Small drives peacefully in his minivan, listening to music, when Anais and Darwin appear on both sides of his van. Darwin switches his imaginary gear while Anais cranks down her imaginary window.
Anais says: "Err..."
Anais says: "which way is the bank?"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Take a left, then a second right."
Anais says: "Thank you!"
Richard pulls an imaginary truck horn while making horn noises. He laughs a bit before being struck by a screaming Nicole, who was still flying out of control. His "truck" tumbles and bounces and, in the span of one bounce, Anais drives underneath him and snatches the check from his hand. She narrowly escapes with it as Richard's truck explodes. Anais then spots Gumball driving right toward her. She gasps and hits the brakes before switching to reverse. Gumball rams her car three times and as they reach the burning remains of Richard's truck, Darwin drives out of the fire and attempts to ram them. Anais sees him and stops the car in time, causing Darwin to drive screaming toward a lamp post and slam into it, knocking him down while his mouth takes the shape of a broken car hood. Anais and Gumball resume their struggle and she continues to drive in reverse, before pulling an immediate turn, leaving Gumball to drive head-first into a street sign. He makes noises of the car shuttering. Anais drives with the check towards the bank as the rest of her family, all battered and bruised, catch up to her.
Darwin says: "Give that back!!"
Anais says: "Hey!!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "It's mine!!"
Richard says: "Gimme that check!!"
While they fight, Anais gasps in alarm as they were dangerously driving towards the bank. Everyone notices and collectively hit their brakes, but are too late to stop in time. After crashing through the door, the Wattersons get out of their cars while arguing and struggling for the check towards the clerk counter. Darwin stops them while holding the check.
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin Takes out imaginary car remote and makes noises of car alarm being set. Gumball snatches the check from him and they all resume fighting for the check in front of Larry.
Larry says: "Hey guys, guys, guys!"
Larry says: "What's the problem?"
Gumball says: "We were given five thousand dollars and we can't work out what to do!"
Larry says: "Five thousand dollars between the five of you?"
Larry says: "Well, that's a thousand dollars each!"
Richard says: "YEAH!"
Nicole says: "YEAH!"
Anais says: "YEAH!"
Darwin says: "YEAH!"
Gumball says: "YEAH!"
Richard says: "A THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH!!"
Nicole says: "A THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH!!"
Anais says: "A THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH!!"
Darwin says: "A THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH!!"
Gumball says: "A THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH!!"
The Wattersons heard motor noises and see Louie driving on an imaginary Moped, who stops in front of them and takes off his imaginary helmet.
Louie says: "Wait up!"
Louie says: "Wait up!"
Louie says: "Whoa, Whoa, Whoa."
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Richard says: "YEAH!!"
Nicole says: "YEAH!!"
Anais says: "YEAH!!"
Darwin says: "YEAH!!"
Gumball says: "YEAH!!"
Richard says: "TEN DOLLARS EACH!!"
Nicole says: "TEN DOLLARS EACH!!"
Anais says: "TEN DOLLARS EACH!!"
Darwin says: "TEN DOLLARS EACH!!"
Gumball says: "TEN DOLLARS EACH!!"
They happily pick Louie up, throw him in the air a few times and then they hug him. Like before, the combined hug makes him shoot through the roof.
Episode ends.