Nicole says: "We need to find that nest."
Kip Schlezinger says: "The only traces of the victims are shredded pieces of their clothing."
Finding the Nest.
Screen flashes.
Back outside, Nicole is crouching through the vent at the back of their house with a flashlight, looking for the nest. She suddenly gasps.
Gumball says: "What do you see?"
The camera zooms out, revealing the grate to be filled with turtle eggs, slime, and trapped victims.
Nicole says: "Ahh!"
Gary says: "The light, the light!"
Nicole says: "No!"
Nicole says: "Don't go into the light!"
Nicole says: "Stay with us, stay with us!"
Gary says: "No!"
Gary says: "I mean the flashlight, you're shining it in my eyes."
Nicole says: "Oh, sorry."
Nicole says: "Why did the turtle bring you here?"
Gary says: "For food."
The eggs starts to hatch. The trapped residents scream.
Nicole says: "We gotta get out of here."
Nicole says: "Now!"
Nicole pulls out the trapped residents; the evil turtle's babies run out of the grate and invade all of Elmore.
Turtle Frenzy.
At a gas station, Mr. Small is seen filling up his van and the Cowboy is buying candy from the vending machine; as the Cowboy puts in his last coin, the candy he chose gets stuck, so he reaches his hand up the vending machine and gets pulled into the vending machine; Larry also runs out of the convenient store while screaming and gets into Mr. Small's van and drives away while he was still filling it up, causing the hose to break and creating a trail of oil leaking from its side.
Mister Small​​ says: "Wait, wait!"
Turtles continue to run out of the convenient store; in the van, Larry sighs in relief and adjusts the mirror before noticing a turtle clinging to it, which attacks him. The van swerves into a power line, which ignites the oil trail and creates an explosion; Harold is seen jogging through Elmore and listening to music, failing to recognize anything wrong. His music player starts making noises, so he checks it, revealing a turtle that lunges at him; Goblin is shown taking a shower.
Goblin says: "LAAAAA!"
Hot Dog Guy is shown at Elmore Shopping trying to back away from a crowd of turtles.
Porky​​ says: "AGH!"
Porky​​ says: "But you didn't want them!"
Nicole is shown trying to defend the kids and Richard from some turtles, chasing after them with a shovel.
Nicole gasps; the Wattersons flee, screaming, from an incoming wave of even more turtles; Mike is shown giving a report in a helicopter above the town.
Mike says: "Breaking news: foreign, killer turtles are swarming Elmore."
Mike says: "Are they here to eat you?"
Mike says: "Or worse, take your job?"
Mike says: "Elmore News will cover these terrible events, until we find something worse to exaggerate."
Turtles are shown clinging to the bottom of the helicopter. One bites away at its wires, causing the helicopter to crash into the parking lot of the Elmore Mall as the Wattersons run away.
Gumball catches up with his family, who are watching in shock.
Gumball says: "Why are they so evil?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Anais says: "Well, in the wild, they follow their mother back to the river!"
Anais says: "Without her, they're taking over any territory they can!"
Richard says: "Then there's only one solution!"
Richard says: "We welcome our new rulers, put on loincloths, and surrender as their slaves!"
Gumball says: "She meant we need to find their mother."
Richard says: "Well, it's still a democracy for now, so who votes for my idea?"
The other Wattersons flee and Richard sighs; Anais talks to the Pest Controller.
Pest controller says: "Woah, woah woah woah!"
Pest controller says: "Explain that again?"
Anais says: "The babies will follow her to the river, and the town will be saved!"
Pest controller says: "You make a lot of sense, young lady."
Anais says: "Wha?"
Anais says: "WHAT?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "He agreed with us!"
Nicole says: "He did?"
Nicole says: "Oh well, force of habit, usually people just say no to us."
To the River.
On the streets, Mr. and Mrs. Robinson are surrounded by baby turtles. Mrs. Robinson tries to defend herself with a shovel while Mr. Robinon struggles to shake a turtle off of his leg.
Gaylord says: "Agh!"
Gaylord says: "Get!"
Gaylord says: "Get away!"
Gaylord says: "Get away!"
Gaylord says: "Get away!"
Gaylord says: "Margaret!"
The pest control van veers and stops behind Mr. Robinson. Gumball and Darwin open its back doors, revealing Evil Turtle in a cage. Evil Turtle screeches, getting the turtles' attention all across Elmore.
Gumball says: "It's working."
Gumball says: "It's working!"
The baby turtles all dart towards the van.
Gumball says: "It's working too well!"
Gumball says: "IT'S WORKING TOO WELL!"
Nicole, driving the van, floors the gas pedal. The van speeds off, being pursued by the baby turtles, one of which bites one of the van's tires.
Gumball says: "They're going for the tires!"
Richard says: "Why don't you drive faster?!"
Richard says: "!"
Nicole says: "Why didn't you buy a puppy?!"
Nicole says: "!"
The back doors fly off. The van drives through a gate.
Nicole says: "Yes!"
Nicole says: "The river!"
Nicole says: "Wha-?"
Nicole says: "Gah!"
Nicole says: "They've eaten the brakes?"
The van drives off toward the docks, out of control.
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to jump!"
Gumball opens Evil Turtle's cage and reaches his hand towards her.
Gumball says: "I'm sorry we never understood you."
Evil Turtle hisses, but allows Gumball to pat her head.
Gumball says: "Goodbye, Evil Turtle."
Nicole says: "JUMP!"
The Wattersons leap out of the back of the van. It goes off the dock and into the water, with the baby turtles all following suit. The sun sets as the Wattersons, captivated, watch Evil Turtle and her babies swim towards the horizon.
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "She was never evil."
Gumball says: "She was just looking after her babies."
The Wattersons hug. Evil Turtle suddenly veers towards a boat and attacks it, causing it to sink. The Wattersons stare on, horrified.
Anais says: "Eh."
Anais says: "Maybe it was both."
The episode ends.