Black and White.
The episode begins at the Wattersons' house. Gumball, Darwin, and Richard are trying to watch Elmore News, but it is turning grey.
Mike says: "And in other news, scientists have discovered a completely new color; a mixture of blue and red called "bled."
Mike says: "" And here it is on TV for the first time."
Camera pans to the right to show a clipboard man holding a test tube. The screen is grayscaled at this point. Richard then hits the TV to try and fix it.
Richard says: "Gah, typical!"
Richard says: "Stuff always breaks just when the warranty runs out!"
Gumball says: "When'd it run out?"
Richard says: "About twenty years ago."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Anais walks into the living room, grayscaled.
Anais says: "Uhh, I think there's something wrong with our mirror, too."
Darwin says: "I don't think that's the mirror."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you look like a pair of English buttocks."
Gumball and Darwin giggle.
Anais says: "Yeah?"
Anais says: "Well, at least I'm not eating kitty litter."
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Gumball finds out that they have been eating cat litter the whole time.
Gumball says: "Eww!"
Gumball says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "?"
Nicole says: "I got confused, okay?"
Nicole says: "Everything was in black and white at the supermarket."
Nicole says: "I chose that one because I like the picture."
Gumball says: "It literally says "non-clumping" on the box."
Nicole says: "Uhh, I assumed that meant it was full of fiber."
Gumball says: "Okay?"
Gumball says: "Something weird is going on here."
The Wattersons hear loud horns outside, which makes Gumball and Darwin go out and check. The camera zooms out to reveal that the houses, the road and the cars are partially black and white.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
We cut to a large traffic backup due to the traffic lights losing their color. Doughnut Sheriff tries to manage the traffic.
Donut Sheriff says: "Alright!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Alright!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Everybody calm down."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'll take care of this."
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay, dark grey car, move forward."
Cut to the mall, Gumball and Darwin observe things turning black-and-white.
Gumball says: "What is going on around here?"
Darwin says: "It's like the color's been sucked out of the world."
Rocky enters the mall, wearing a formal suit and holding a rose. He grabs his phone and reads a message aloud.
Rocky says: ""Excited for our blind date and first kiss."
Rocky says: "I'll be the one wearing gray."
Several girls at the mall turn grayscale. Rocky shrugs, uses some mouth spray, and walks over to them. Rocky is then seen getting beaten up by the girls.
Cut to the football stadium, the whole stadium turns grayscale which stops the game.
Person in audience says: "The spell is broken!"
Milk Guy says: "I don't have to spend my life supporting this team anymore."
Milk Guy says: "Now I can finally dedicate my time to my real passion: close-up magic."
Butterknife says: "And I can get back to the greatest passion of them all: embroidery!"
Milk Guy says: "Magic."
Butterknife says: "Embroidery."
Milk Guy says: "Magic!"
Butterknife says: "Embroidery!"
Milk Guy and Butterknife begin fighting, and several stadium members start angrily shouting as well.
Graffiti.
Gumball and Darwin are walking down the sidewalk, passing an area with graffiti all over the wall and posts.
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "what's all this now?"
Gumball says: "There's something we're not seeing."
Gumball says: "Oh, dagnabbit."
Gumball checks in front of him by moving his hands while climbing a stairway that has no pathway leading to it. He eventually fall head-first.
Gumball says: "Aw, come on, man."
Gumball says: "No, no, no."
Gumball says: "Watch out, dude."
Darwin says: "It's alright, I got this."
Gumball continues to walk and check in front of himself. He stumbles upon something in his way.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "What's this?"
Darwin says: "What is going on here?"
Darwin says: "This place looks like a gas station restaurant mugged in UV light."
Hobo says: "The kid that used to clean up the trash hasn't come for a while."
Darwin says: "Uh, you got a..."
Darwin says: "you got a little bit of paint on you."
Hobo says: "Did I get it?"
Darwin says: "Uh- yeah, sure."
Gumball says: "One last thing."
Gumball says: "Could you point the way out?"
Hobo says: "Uh, sure, it's that way."
Due to graffiti covering his arms, Gumball and Darwin cannot see which direction he's pointing.
Gumball says: "I really don't know why I thought that would help."
Gumball and Darwin carefully walk away, continuing to check in front of themselves.
A Hole in the Ozone Layer.
Gumball and Darwin are both seen attempting to shield their faces from the sun.
Darwin says: "I think there might be trouble ahead."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I can smell it."
Gumball says: "Uh, actually, it smells like popcorn."
Jeff is heard screaming in the distance. He then is seen approaching Gumball and Darwin as his kernels pop.
Jeff says: "You can't stay here!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Jeff says: "The sun!"
Jeff says: "THE SUN!"
Gumball says: "What's wrong with the sun?"
Gumball says: "Wait, has what?"
Jeff says: "..."
Jeff says: "has given up."
Gumball and Darwin are shown with their faces now looking very old.
Gumball says: "So, what?"
Gumball says: "What the what, dude!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "You look like a trucker's elbow!"
Darwin says: "You look like a medieval cornsack!"
Gumball says: "Wait."
Gumball says: "They stopped recycling, didn't they?"
Elmore is seen getting shined on heavily by the sun.
Gumball says: "IT BURNED A HOLE IN THE OZONE LAYER!"
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "I got it."
Darwin says: "Of course, the sewers!"
Darwin says: "Good idea."
Darwin says: "You meant to be used a cover as a shade, didn't you?"
Darwin says: ".."
Darwin says: "Yeah, that's what you meant."
Society Begins to Collapse.
Gumball and Darwin walk with sewer lids as their shade before tossing them aside. They notice that some police tape is blocking the entrance of the park.
Gumball says: "Hmm?"
Gumball says: "What's going on here?"
A Coffee Cop suddenly blocks the pathway.
Coffee Cop says: "Stop!"
Coffee Cop says: "I'm sorry, kid, but you can't go this way."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Coffee Cop says: "The kid who used to feed the ducks has stopped."
Gumball says: "Pfft."
Gumball says: "So?"
Coffee Cop says: "So..."
The Coffee Cop steps aside, showing the other cops being destroyed by ducklings.
Gumball says: "Ah, I guess we'll go via the old folks' home then."
Coffee Cop says: "I wouldn't."
Gumball says: "Why?"
Coffee Cop says: "The kid who used to run the bingo has stopped doing it."
Gumball says: "Whoa."
Gumball says: "Turns out the rules of bingo are the only rules in an old folks' home, huh?"
An explosion happens inside the park.
Coffee Cop says: "Whoa!"
Coffee Cop says: "All right, you know what?"
Coffee Cop says: "It's every man for himself now."
Gumball says: "I think I'll take my chances with the ducks."
Scout Ambush.
Gumball and Darwin are show trekking through the woods.
Gumball says: "Dude, the atmosphere's getting kinda creepy."
Darwin says: "Yeah, It's like we're being hunted."
Gumball stops Darwin from walking.
Gumball says: "Not hunted, scouted."
Gumball points toward a scout, hiding in the bush. He cautiously picks up a rock to throw at the bush. Timmy suddenly shows up in the bush next to Gumball.
Gumball says: "Clever boy."
Scout Member says: "Scout."
Timmy tackles Gumball, and the scene goes black. We see from Gumball's point of view that the scouts are attempting to stab him and Darwin with art supplies.
Gumball says: "You're scouts!"
Gumball says: "Aren't you supposed to be nice, build birdhouses and play the bugle and junk?"
Timmy the Frog says: "Our scoutmaster left us, so, we're an army without a leader."
Timmy the Frog says: "This is our territory now."
Timmy the Frog says: "You're either with us or against us."
The scouts continue stabbing Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "We're with you, we're with you!"
Timmy the Frog says: "Hah, what's our motto then?"
Timmy the Frog says: "I'll give you a clue: it starts with B."
Gumball says: "Be..."
Gumball says: "lieve in men who wear short-shorts in the woods?"
Scouts poke them again.
Darwin says: "Badges!"
Darwin says: "Scouts love badges, right?"
Darwin says: "You want badges?"
Timmy the Frog says: "When the leader left, we found his stash of badges."
Timmy the Frog says: "We have all the badges now."
Gumball says: "Wait, aren't you supposed to earn them by actually learning the skills?"
Timmy the Frog says: "Pff, like technically, yeah."
Gumball says: "So, did you technically learn how to tie knots?"
Timmy mumbles. Gumball and Darwin discover their arms have not actually been tied. They then growl at the scouts.
Alan and the Society.
Gumball and Darwin exit the woods, tossing away some of the scouts' art supplies and a baseball bat, while cracking their fingers.
Gumball says: "Meh."
Gumball says: "Shame they didn't earn their self-defense badges either."
In the distance, a storm rumbles around the forest.
Gumball says: "Hmm, looks like we found the source of it all."
Gumball says: "Come on, let investi-  WHAT'S THE POINT, DARWIN?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "WE'LL NEVER FIGURE OUT WHAT'S GOING ON!"
Darwin pulls Gumball out of the rain, causing him to stop crying and regain his color.
Gumball says: "What am I talking about?"
Gumball says: "There's no reason we wouldn't."
Darwin says: "Okay?"
Gumball walks into the rain, again crying and losing his color.
Gumball says: "NO!"
Gumball says: "LIFE JUST POINTLESSLY STIRS UP THE DUST THAT YOU'LL EVENTUALLY TURN INTO!"
Darwin walks into the rain, pushes Gumball, loses his color, and abundantly cries. The boys then find Alan, sitting alone on a swing.
Gumball says: "Ah, that makes sense."
Gumball says: "Alan."
Cuts to Alan, with tears sliding down his face.
Darwin says: "If someone like him gives up, then the whole world loses its glow."
Gumball and Darwin approach Alan.
Darwin says: "Hey, Alan, what's wrong?"
Alan​​​​ says: "I've lost it."
Gumball says: "That's alright, man."
Gumball says: "Whatever it is, no one ever thought you had it anyway."
Darwin says: "Psh!"
Gumball says: "What have you lost, Alan?"
Alan​​​​ says: "My faith in the world."
Darwin says: "So that's why you stopped all your voluntary work."
Darwin says: "But why?"
Darwin says: "You were doing great."
Alan​​​​ says: "No matter how much I try, the world will never be perfect."
Gumball says: "Well, you gotta get back on the horse."
Alan​​​​ says: "Oh, why bother?"
Gumball says: "'Cuz we need people like you to do all that work so that people like me don't have to."
Alan​​​​ says: "There's no point, Gumball."
Alan​​​​ says: "People don't change."
Alan​​​​ says: "Goodness knows I tried to stay positive and turn the other cheek."
Alan​​​​ says: "But what happens when you run out of cheeks to turn?"
Gumball says: "Well, I could think of a couple more cheeks—"
Darwin says: "BUUUUUT!"
Darwin shuts Gumball's mouth and pushes him aside.
Darwin says: "Alan, you changed the lives of so many people."
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yeah, but what about him?"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "In spite of all the effort I've made to be friends, he STILL can't look me in the eye."
Gumball is shown with his eyes twisted away from Alan. Darwin twists his eyes back to normal.
Darwin says: "Ha, that's not, heh—"
Darwin says: "that's not true."
Gumball says: "Yes, Alan."
Alan smiles.
Gumball says: "We are frie—"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "See?"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "He's physically incapable of saying anything remotely positive about me!"
Darwin says: "Prove him wrong, give him a hug."
Gumball awkwardly approaches Alan, and Alan looks somewhat cheered up. Gumball hugs Alan.
Darwin says: "There you go, good job."
Darwin says: "Give him a good squeeze."
Darwin says: "That's right."
Darwin says: "Can you feel the love?"
Darwin checks Gumball and Alan. It's shown that Gumball is tightly hugging Alan in an uncomfortable way.
Darwin says: "No, no, no, no!"
Darwin says: "That's too much love."
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "SEE!"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "?"
Gumball says: "I'm sorry, man."
Gumball says: "But that's just not how life works okay?"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh, really?"
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Then how does it work?"
Gumball says: "Well, Alan."
Gumball says: "Life doesn't work in black and white."
Gumball says: "Let me give you a little insight."
Spoken And the dark kind, I'm afraid to say.
Because there's war, and fighting, and the bad guy often wins.
So you have to find some comfort in the smallest little things.
There's shouting and there's stealing, there are mortgages to pay.
But that's a grown-up thing and you are still a kid today.
The prospects for society are turning for the worst.
The Coughs​ environment is suffering and might not be reversed.
But at least the nasty kid who makes every day so rough.
In the end gets hit by karma which will kinda make you laugh.
The light on the horizon is pretty dim.
But you're a kid and all of life is still ahead of you.
Unlike the ninety-something guy who caught the avian flu.
Gumball says: "Life ain't perfect, it's..."
Darwin says: "Life ain't perfect, it's..."
Some bits are okay, but most of it's Retches​.
Life ain't perfect it's... meh.
You gotta find the good that's in this great big load of Raspberries'.
There's not much else to say right now to lift your spirit.
Alan​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Tell me how's all that supposed to make me feel better?"
My life's unraveling just like threads pulled from a sweater.
There's no sunshine in my future, it is gray, desaturated.
Tell me why I shouldn't feel so deflated.
Gumball says: "Because..."
Gumball says: "Because..."
If you stop halfway up the mountain, you will never see the view.
Then you'll come across a memory of perfect bliss.
No matter how much your heart aches.
Cuz this sad old world will need your hope to fix it when it breaks.
And in times when you can't take it, and you want the day to end.
Gumball says: "Life is beautiful, my friend!"
Darwin says: "Life is beautiful, my friend!"
The Return of Color.
As the song ends, all the color returns to Elmore.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "Thank you, Gumball."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "I guess this makes us friends now."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Pfft, no."
Alan feels down in response.
Gumball says: "Dah, alright, maybe a little."
Alan smiles, and the episode ends.