Pointed Criticism.
The episode starts off with Gumball and Carmen having lunch together in the school cafeteria. Gumball is chewing noisily while staring down at his cellphone. Carmen looks somewhat annoyed at Gumball, but decides to greet Gumball in a friendly matter.
Carmen says: "So, how are you doing today?"
Gumball replies to Carmen by texting her.
Carmen says: "Uh!"
Carmen says: "Gumball, you need to make eye contact with people."
Carmen says: "It's how you show them you care about what they have to say."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "Fine."
Carmen says: "Thank you."
Leaning over the table, Gumball sticks his cellphone onto Carmen's forehead and watches a video of someone riding a miniature horse.
Gumball says: "Better?"
She responds by messaging him with a Carmen-esque frown emoji.
Gumball says: "Ugh, what?"
Carmen says: "What are you eating, anyway?"
Gumball says: "Pff."
Gumball says: "I dunno, food?"
His tray is shown to be laden with a variety of greasy, fried foods.
Carmen says: "That really doesn't look like a very balanced diet."
Carmen says: "What about your greens?"
Gumball says: "All the animals on this plate were vegetarian."
Carmen says: "You really shouldn't be eating that."
Carmen says: "Too much greasy food is very bad for your digestive system."
Gumball says: "There."
Carmen says: "That was really wasteful."
Gumball says: "Happy now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Carmen says: "No!"
Carmen says: "Now it's been in the trash."
Carmen says: "It's way worse for you than it was in the first place!"
Gumball says: "What do you want from me?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Carmen says: "Please don't talk with your mouth full."
Carmen says: "You increase the risk of choking by seventy-five percent."
Gumball says: "Stop telling me what to d—"
Gumball gags and begins to choke. His face turning purple, he punches himself in the chest several times before passing out and falling backward. Upon hitting the floor, he burps up a chicken leg. The school bell rings, and Gumball is at his desk writing on a sheet of paper. Carmen walks up and stands beside him.
Carmen says: "Careful how you hold your pen."
Carmen says: "That's how you get cramps."
Scowling, Gumball props his elbow on the desktop and tries to raise his middle finger. His hand cramps up severely, causing him to gasp in pain and fall from his seat.
Wrong-Shaming.
At the playground, Gumball has just finished drawing a large elephant on the school's exterior. The animal's rear end is centered around a door with a small window, through which Miss Simian is looking. Gumball laughs goofily at his handiwork, and Carmen approaches him from behind.
Carmen says: "Miss Simian's just trying to do her job."
Carmen says: "Teachers have feelings, too, you know."
Gumball says: "Simian doesn't have feelings."
Lucy Simian says: "Now that's not true."
Lucy Simian says: "I have bitterness, I have fury, and my personal favorite..."
Lucy Simian says: "schadenfreude."
Gumball says: "Schadenfreude?"
Gumball says: "What's that?"
Lucy Simian says: "The pleasure I'll get from watching you clean the wall, with this."
In the library, Gumball is sitting by the computers with his brother Darwin.
Gumball says: "I'm tellin' ya, dude."
Gumball says: "Carmen's more smug than Anais when she does her wiener-dog face."
Darwin says: "Her what now?"
Gumball says: "You know, when she uses a clever word and her face is all like, "Mm-hmm."
Darwin starts laughing at Gumball's dog-like facial expression.
Carmen says: "Shh!"
Carmen says: "This is a library."
Carmen says: "People are trying to work."
Carmen says: "If you work in silence, your success will make the noise."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "You're making noise by telling me off!"
Carmen says: "The only time you're allowed to make noise in the library is when you tell someone else not to make noise in the library."
Carmen says: "So I will permit what you just said, but nothing else."
Gumball leans back in frustration.
Carmen says: "By the way, you shouldn't slouch in your chair."
Carmen says: "It's stunting your growth."
Gumball says: "See what I mean?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "I think she's got a point."
Darwin pulls up on his brother's head, stretching out his body. When he lets go, Gumball returns to normal.
Darwin says: "Anyways, she's just tryin' to help you be a better person."
Gumball says: "Exactly, she's raising the bar!"
Gumball says: "Which is totally unfair for someone like me, who liked the bar exactly where it was."
Darwin says: "It's only constructive criticism."
Gumball says: "She wouldn't go around body-shaming people, or mocking people for being old."
Gumball says: "So why is it okay to go after me because I'm wrong?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "She's wrong-shaming me!"
Darwin says: "Actually, it totally sounds like a legit cause when you add the word "shaming" at the end."
Gumball says: "I'm gonna give her a taste of her own medicine."
Gumball says: "Three smug-jections per day, two doses of patron-icillin, and one courtesy colonic."
Social Experiments.
Later, Marvin Finklehimer is waiting at a bus stop. He boards the crowded bus when it arrives, and slowly makes his way down the aisle.
Carmen says: "Oh, uh, please, sir, you can have my seat."
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball squeezes through the emergency roof hatch and drops between them. He points a finger accusingly at Carmen.
Gumball says: "Busted!"
Carmen says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Don't you think it's pretty ageist to offer Marvin your seat?"
Gumball says: "Surely the fact he's so old means he's had way more experience standing up than everyone else."
Marvin says: "I got steel plates in my legs."
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "He's got legs of steel."
Marvin says: "Aah!"
Marvin says: "Aah!"
Marvin says: "Aah!"
Carmen says: "I'm not sure that's what he meant."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Marvin says: "Aah!"
Marvin says: "Aah!"
Marvin says: "Ohh!"
Marvin crashes into the rear window, shattering it as his dentures pop out and land on the street. The scene transitions to Carmen in the school science lab. She is using a Bunsen burner to heat a flask of chemicals.
Carmen says: "Okay, so heating the copper should oxidize the—"
Gumball says: "You know what your problem is, Carmen?"
Gumball says: "You're not even doing an experiment."
Gumball says: "You're just following orders."
Gumball says: "Where's the innovation?"
Gumball says: "How can we be expected to discover new elements, if you're so concerned with "playing by the rules?"
Carmen says: "Uhh, I'm pretty sure there are no more elements left to be discovered, Gumball."
Gumball says: "You're forgetting the element of surprise."
Gumball's flask boils rapidly, the color of its contents changing from pink to orange. Noxious fumes billow from its opening and fill the lab.
Carmen says: "Wait, what did you put in your beaker?"
Gumball says: "A dash of the unexpected, a drop of the unforeseen, and a pinch of the unpredictable."
Carmen says: "Gumball!"
Carmen says: "I take back everything I said."
Carmen says: "You're a genius!"
Gumball says: "Thank you, giant melted poodle-meatball thing."
Carmen is shown to have transformed into a horrific, monstrous creature comprised of multiple faces and dozens of eyes. She emits a prolonged, unnatural screech.
Gumball says: "You're right, my disgusting friend."
Gumball says: "This warrants a celebratory boogie."
Gumball says: "Do, do-do, dooga-dooga-dooga, do, do-do."
In reality, the smoke alarm has been set off, and Carmen is covering her face with a cloth. Two hazmat workers, armed with a leash pole and a sack, cautiously approach Gumball, who is doing a handstand while burping rhythmically, having been intoxicated.
War of Words.
Back at the Wattersons' house, Anais opens the door to her and her brothers' bedroom and is startled by what she sees. Gumball, unconscious, is sitting on a chair with numerous cables connecting his mouth and ears to the computer. Darwin is using said computer to access the internet.
Anais says: "Uhh, what's going on here?"
Darwin says: "Uh, he asked me to plug him into Ramblr."
Anais says: "Ramblr?"
Anais says: "What is that, a website?"
Darwin says: "It's more like a bare-knuckle fight to see who's the most tolerant person on the internet."
Anais says: "Why?"
Anais says: "Isn't tolerance about being philanthropic?"
Anais says: "Hm-hmm."
Darwin laughs loudly at Anais' smug dog face.
Anais says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Just thinking about wiener-dogs."
Darwin says: "But yeah, no, tolerance on the internet these days is more about destroying people in an argument."
Gumball gasps and wakes up as the cables come unplugged from his upper lip.
Gumball says: "I know tongue-fu."
Anais says: "Show me."
His tongue protrudes from his mouth and smacks Anais with its hand-like tip, knocking her down. Returning to school, Gumball meets up with Carmen in the cafeteria. He sits beside her at a table and prepares to eat his sandwich.
Carmen says: "Have you ever tried whole-grain bread?"
Carmen says: "It's far better for you."
Gumball says: "Not everyone can afford organic stores, Carmen."
Gumball says: "Maybe you should check your privilege!"
A shock wave emanates from Gumball, sending nearby students and their lunch trays to the floor.
Carmen says: "I just meant that eating too much processed food is a big factor in weight gain, and—"
Carmen says: "Uh, no!"
Carmen says: "Of course not!"
Carmen says: "I mean, ask your doctor and he will tell you—"
Gumball says: ""He?"
Gumball says: "" Why would you assume the doctor is a he?"
Gumball says: "Is it because you assume a woman can't be a doctor?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Carmen cries out as a third wave launches her into the support column. She picks herself up, now dirty and bruised.
Carmen says: "What is this?"
Gumball says: "Perish under the sword of my self-righteousness."
Carmen says: "But Gumball, exploiting those powers to win some petty argument will just hurt the cause of the people who really need our help."
Gumball says: "Wait, no!"
Gumball says: "My powers!"
Carmen says: "Instead of fighting, why don't we just hug it out?"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Carmen says: "I forgive you."
A blinding light envelopes her body.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "The shame I've cast..."
Gumball says: "it's all coming back at me!"
Gumball says: "Aaaaah!"
Screaming, Gumball is blasted through the wall by an invisible force. He ends up in the playground, lying injured amid the rubble.
Gumball says: "And I can't even be angry about it."
Indecent Exposer.
CCTV footage from a security camera in Principal Brown's office is displayed on his computer screen. In the video, Gumball and Darwin are shown breaking in via the ceiling ventilation shaft. After some difficulties involving Gumball's pants getting snagged on the vent, and a painful wedgie, he frees himself with Darwin's assistance by removing said garment. Together, they topple to the floor, and Gumball gets up with a serious, anime-style expression.
Gumball says: "Ninja!"
Rushing to the computer, Gumball closes the video recording and begins searching through the desktop folders.
Darwin says: "Why are you even doing this?"
Gumball says: "I owe it to our classmates to expose Carmen as the hypocrite she is, and humiliate her in front of everyone at school."
Gumball says: "Then we'll see who's the best person."
Darwin says: "Okay, first, you're the only person who's exposed right now."
Darwin says: "I meant exposed as the bad person in this scenario."
Darwin says: "And secondly, you're wasting your time."
Darwin says: "You won't find any dirt on her."
Gumball says: "I thought you came here to help me."
Darwin says: "Yeah, to help you realize you're wrong."
Darwin says: "You need to stop hearing only what you want to hear."
Gumball says: "You're right, victory is near."
Gumball says: "No way!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Carmen's school report from Franklin Junior High is seen on the monitor.
Gumball says: "Carmen used to lead quite the thug life."
Gumball says: "Oh no..."
Darwin says: "Graffiti, dude."
Darwin says: "It's on the wall."
Darwin says: "The police don't go around drawing toot bubbles on a crime scene."
Gumball says: "No, wait, look-look-look!"
Mike says: "Police forcibly removed a local girl who'd been expelled from Franklin Junior High this morning."
Franklin Principal says: "Ah, she was horrible."
Franklin Principal says: "She kept disrespecting me, making fun of my face, saying things like, "Hey, Blurry McBlurrerson, if you were a movie you would be a pirate screener."
Franklin Principal says: ""  Here she comes!"
Carmen is dragged kicking and screaming to a police car by Doughnut Sheriff and Hamburger Cop. The brothers watch, dumbfounded, and Gumball begins to type on the keyboard.
Darwin says: "What are you doing?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna upload this and message everyone we know to watch it."
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "No!"
Their fight escalates, breaking the windows on the desktop.
Gumball says: "But why?!"
Gumball says: "!"
They keep struggling, resulting in some of the folders being mixed up.
Darwin says: "Because it's evil, and she turned her life around!"
Darwin says: "She's only trying to help you be a better person!"
Darwin says: "And so what if she's a little smug about it?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Just continue fighting while I come up with a valid argument!"
He pushes Darwin in front of the computer tower and clicks the eject button for the DVD drive. The tray slowly opens and touches Darwin's cheek, causing him to fly back against the wall and briefly lose consciousness. Now uncontested, Gumball prepares to put the video on Elmore Stream-It but hesitates before completing the upload.
Gumball says: "Dagnabbit!"
Gumball says: "You're right, she doesn't deserve this."
Darwin says: "There you go."
Darwin says: "Now you're being the better man."
Darwin says: "Come on, let's get outta here."
Darwin places his fins on the desk and accidentally clicks the mouse, uploading the video by mistake. Realizing the blunder, his face goes blank, though he is revealed to be horrified internally.
Call-out Fallout.
Gumball and Darwin race along the sidewalk at an incredible speed, knocking over Felicity Parham and her son Billy.
Darwin says: "How many people did you send that video to?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean I sent it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Well, there's always more than one person to blame."
Darwin says: "Like, if there was a car accident, who's fault is it?"
Darwin says: "The guy who ran the red light, or the Mesopotamian dude who invented the wheel?"
Gumball says: "Whatever!"
Gumball says: "We sent it to everyone we know!"
Gumball says: "We gotta stop them from watching it!"
Up ahead, Teri uses a pencil to add a pocket to her outfit. From it, she pulls out a vibrating cellphone which is also made of paper. Gumball rushes up, knocks the phone from her hand, then runs away. The phone gently floats to the ground and cracks, eliciting a dismayed sigh from Teri. At a Joyful Burger restaurant, Darwin intercepts Penny before she can check her cellphone, grabbing it from her and smashing it.
Darwin says: "That was from Gumball."
Gumball finds Carrie at the Elmore Mall. He hits her phone away and it vanishes into the floor.
Gumball says: "That was from Darwin."
The brothers meet up outside, still in a mad dash.
Darwin says: "That was from Penny."
Gumball says: "That was from Carrie."
Darwin climbs Hector's leg at the school playground. The giant's phone falls and crushes a bench. Elsewhere, Gumball takes Idaho's cellphone and throws it on the sidewalk but it does not break.
Gumball says: "What the?"
A horn honks, and Gumball tosses the phone in the path of an oncoming semi-truck. Upon impact, the vehicle flips onto its roof with a loud crash, but the phone remains unharmed.
Gumball says: "What sorta phone is that?"
Gumball says: "Can you even watch videos on it?"
Idaho says: "What's a phone?"
Idaho says: "I use this here thingamajig to smarten out folks with flare pants and colorful knit wear."
Idaho says: "My papa says their activity's gonna bring 'bout the apocalypse."
Gumball opens a manhole next to them, drops the phone inside, and closes the lid. He sprints away as Idaho sighs. Meanwhile, Bobert is in Elmore Park feeding the squirrels. An e-mail icon appears on his screen display, but a sudden spray of water causes his system to crash. Darwin lowers a squirt gun as tears form in his eyes. Now at the junkyard, Gumball gasps at the sight of Tina pulling out and dropping her cellphone. His gasp continues until he realizes that she is unable to reach it.
Tobias is walking in Elmore Mall when his phone vibrates.
Quiri says: "You have mail."
Tobias​​ says: "Hey Quiri, read my e-mail."
Quiri says: "Dividing by zero."
A wormhole opens next to Tobias, sucking him in before closing. The scene switches to Gumball again, who is hiding outside in a bush. When Banana Joe walks by with his cellphone, Gumball stretches his arm out and activates airplane mode. Banana Joe tries to hold on, but the phone flies from his hands and becomes airborne. Numerous other phones follow suit, and they take to the sky. Finally, Gumball and Darwin catch up with Carmen, but they are a moment too late.
Carmen says: "What the?"
Gumball says: "Aw, dagnabbit!"
Gumball says: "She was the last one!"
Darwin says: "No she wasn't."
Darwin says: "What about Alan?"
Gumball points behind them. A large explosion is seen in the distance, shocking Darwin.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "It seemed neater."
Gumball says: "Hey, Carmen."
Gumball says: "I'm..."
Gumball says: "so sorry."
Gumball says: "No one should ever have seen that video."
Carmen says: "Well, I've seen the video, Gumball."
Gumball says: "Oh, really?"
Carmen says: "Yes, and I'm glad it's out there."
Gumball says: "Wow, th—"
Gumball says: "But, okay."
Gumball says: "Wow, I—"
Gumball says: "Thank you for not being angry, I guess."
Carmen says: "Oh, I used to be angry."
Carmen says: "Back when I was at Franklin Junior High."
Carmen says: "But I worked hard to improve myself."
Carmen says: "I hope you get there too, one day."
Gumball says: "Aww, that's..."
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Carmen says: "if you're gonna upload yourself to the internet, maybe wear some pants."
Their jaws drop upon seeing that the video they posted was not of Carmen, but rather the CCTV recording of their botched break-in.
The episode ends.