Visiting Frankie.
The episode starts with Gumball, Anais, Richard, and Darwin standing in front of their house's front door.
Nicole says: "Hand it over—"
Nicole says: "everything of value."
Gumball gives Nicole his wallet, Anais gives in her watch, Darwin gives her the treasure chest that contains bubbles and Richard gives his tie.
Nicole says: "I said everything!"
Richard plucks off his front tooth then gives it to her.
Anais says: "Is this really necessary, Mom?"
Nicole says: "I'm not taking any chances!"
Richard says: "But he's my father!"
Richard says: "He's not gonna steal from us."
Nicole says: "Richard, he's a con artist."
Nicole says: "That twenty-four-karat necklace he sold you was made of actual carrots."
Richard says: "Yeah, but at least I remembered your birthday."
On the car ride.
Richard says: "Come on, he invited us over."
Richard says: "He's making an effort."
Nicole says: "He probably wants something from us."
Gumball says: "Or sell something to us."
Anais says: "Or sell one of us."
GPS says: "You have arrived at your destination."
GPS says: "It is an awful neighborhood."
The Wattersons walk toward a small house.
Anais says: "Does Grandpa Frankie really live in there?"
Nicole says: "It could be worse."
Nicole says: "He could live in that."
Frankie says: "Hello, Wattersons!"
Nicole sighs.
Frankie says: "Come on in!"
Frankie says: "Oh."
Frankie says: "Excuse the house guests."
Nicole shudders as Richard pulls her to the caravan.
Frankie says: "So, let me give you a tour."
Frankie says: "Here's the living area, and that's the end of the tour."
Nicole says: "It's, uh..."
Frankie says: "Well, it might not be much, but it's home for me and about twenty-five different species of parasite."
Nicole says: "Twenty-six, including you."
Richard says: "It's good to see you, Pop."
Richard says: "Nice to have the family all together."
Frankie says: "I was gonna get in touch sooner, but my phone broke."
Frankie says: "Anyway, you guys hungry?"
All excluding Frankie says: "Sure!"
Frankie says: "Me, too."
Gumball says: "I thought there'd be some food coming after that question."
Frankie says: "No, just sad music."
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "How about a glass of water?"
Frankie says: "Sure."
Gumball says: "Where are you going?"
Frankie says: "I get my water from the toilets."
Frankie says: "I'll boil it when I get back."
Richard says: "Is anyone thinking what I'm thinking?"
Nicole says: "Yeah."
Richard says: "This is great!"
Nicole says: "Let's leave now."
Both says: "Wait, what?!"
Both says: "!"
Nicole says: "Richard, listen."
Nicole says: "I'm gonna try and say this as nicely as I can."
Nicole says: "This place is worse than a Porta-Potty at a punk music festival that's been left stewing in the sun for a week."
Richard says: "Wow!"
Richard says: "What was the harsh version like?"
Nicole says: "I would've expanded on what the punks did inside."
Anais says: "Don't you get it?"
Anais says: "He lives in a confined space."
Anais says: "He's not used to modern technology, and look—"
Gumball says: "—"
Gumball says: "Two rats roasting a cockroach over an open fire?"
The camera shows that there are two rats roasting a cockroach over a fire who then screech.
Anais says: "No, those; The bars on the windows."
Anais says: "Hmm."
Anais says: "Where did Grandpa say he was all those years when he was away?"
Richard says: "I don't know, he just said he was somewhere no one could contact him or visit."
Anais says: "Don't you see?"
Anais says: "He was in prison!"
Anais says: "He can't do anything for himself anymore."
Anais says: "He needs routine and people telling him what to do."
Anais says: "We should create a familiar environment for him."
Richard says: "Where?"
Anais says: "Home."
While Anais is talking, Frankie puts his ear against the door, trying to eavesdrop on the conversation.
Anais says: "We need to bring Grandpa Frankie home—"
Anais says: "our home."
Frankie says: "Yes!"
Frankie in "Prison".
The camera shows Frankie's trip on a bus, and as soon as he arrives, he sees Anais dressed up as an accountant.
Frankie says: "Oh, hey, Anais!"
Frankie says: "It sure is kind of you guys to invite me—"
Anais says: "It's "Miss Watterson" to you, perp!"
Anais says: "Walk and talk with me."
Anais says: "I haven't got all day."
Frankie says: "Huh."
Frankie says: "Rude."
Anais says: "Okay, you're going inside."
Anais says: "Keep your nose clean, your head down, and with good behavior, you'll be out of here in time for my graduation ceremony."
Nicole peeps out behind the curtain, then sticks in her head back.
Nicole says: "Right, operation Make Grandpa Frankie Feel At Home By Turning Our House Into A Prison is a go."
Nicole says: "I just wish it had a catchier title."
Doorbell rings and Nicole opens the door with a straight face and with dressing as a prison officer.
Frankie says: "Oh, hey, Nicole."
Frankie says: "I hope I'm not late for dinner."
Nicole says: "Hand it over!"
Frankie says: "Uh..."
Frankie says: "thanks?"
Nicole says: "And the rest."
Frankie says: "Oh."
Nicole says: "Too much."
Frankie says: "Sorry."
Frankie says: "Careful when you launder that shirt, doll."
Frankie says: "It's real silk."
Frankie says: "So, uh, where is everyone?"
Nicole throws out those things he gave.
Frankie says: "And what's with the face?"
Frankie says: "I got a warmer reception at the igloo convention!"
Nicole stares at him furiously.
Frankie says: "Which is actually a thing, by the way."
Nicole still is glazing at him furiously.
Frankie says: "How about you fix us a drink?"
Nicole spits out water at Frankie then throws a jail uniform.
Nicole says: "Put that on!"
Frankie says: "A gift?"
Frankie says: "Too kind."
Frankie says: "I think I just shed a tear."
Frankie says: "Although, my face is wet so it's hard to tell."
Scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin's bedroom.
Nicole says: "You sleep here!"
Frankie says: "Thanks, Nicole, and can I just say that—"
Frankie says: "I guess I can't."
Gumball says: "Hmph."
Gumball is on the bed covered in tattoos and Frankie greets him.
Frankie says: "Oh, hey, kid, looks like we're sharing."
Frankie says: "Nice tattoos; what's that one?"
Gumball says: "That's a portrait of my girl, she's waiting for me."
Frankie says: "Quite the looker."
Frankie says: "And that one?"
Gumball says: "A unicorn battling another unicorn."
Gumball says: "Means I'll always defend my homies."
Frankie says: "And that?"
Gumball says: "A lion with a baseball bat so people know not to mess with me."
Frankie says: "Kinda looks like a butt with a wig playing the oboe."
Gumball says: "Does it?"
Frankie says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "Well, it's hard to draw on your own back, okay?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Frankie says: "Woah, woah, woah!"
Frankie says: "Why is everyone so tense around here?"
Frankie says: "And what's up with him?"
Frankie points towards Darwin. Darwin is seen in the corner taking off a doll's head and licking it, looking criminally insane.
Gumball says: "Yeah, I wouldn't mess with that one, he belongs in a more "padded" cell if you catch my drift."
Frankie says: "So do you."
Frankie says: "I think I'm going to bed."
Gumball says: "I get the top bunk, fish!"
Frankie says: "Ugh, what is this?!"
Frankie says: "!"
Gumball says: "Shower gel in a sock."
Gumball says: "I couldn't find any soap."
Frankie says: "Whatever, goodnight."
Frankie gets on the bed and tries to sleep. Richard comes in and lays next to him.
Richard says: "Hey, Pop."
Richard says: "How you holding up?"
Richard says: "They say the first night's the hardest."
Richard says: "But don't worry, I got ya."
Nicole says: "LIGHTS OUT!"
Lights turn off; scene fades to morning.
Nicole says: "RISE AND SHINE, MAGGOTS!"
Frankie says: "Ow!"
Richard says: "Hurry up, Pop, you don't want to find out what happens if you're late."
Richard says: "And it's your turn to empty the bucket."
Frankie says: "Ugh."
Scene cuts to Frankie in the shower.
Frankie says: "Finally, some privacy."
Richard shows up behind him.
Richard says: "Hey, Pop."
Richard says: "We all shower together here."
Richard says: "Can you do my back?"
Frankie says: "Uhhh, sure."
Richard says: "Thanks."
Scene cuts to Nicole serving breakfast.
Frankie says: "So what's for breakfast doll?"
Frankie says: "Waffles?"
Frankie says: "French toast?"
Frankie says: "Froot Loops?"
Frankie says: "nope."
Frankie says: "So not that I really mind but aren't you gonna eat with us?"
Frankie says: "Hmm, I think she's warming to me."
Frankie says: "Uhh, do you mind if I sit in that chair?"
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Frankie says: "Huh, right."
Richard pats on his lap and winks. Frankie sighs and sits.
Frankie says: "I think I've lost my appetite."
Richard says: "Thanks, Pop."
Frankie says: "Uh, isn't that a bit risky for a kid with only one finger?"
Richard says: "I wouldn't make eye contact with him."
Frankie says: "Why?"
Darwin attacks Frankie and puts a spork through his nose.
Frankie says: "Ohh!"
Nicole says: "NO SLEEPING IN THE CANTEEN!"
Nicole says: "YARD, NOW!"
Frankie says: "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think you're becoming my favorite in this family."
Nicole says: "I SAID NOW!"
Cut to the yard.
Richard says: "Mmm..."
Richard says: "feels like we're being a bit mean to him."
Gumball says: "What makes you say that?"
Richard says: "Eh..."
Richard says: "I know my dad."
Richard says: "I can sense a subtle sadness in his eyes."
Frankie is seen crying and shooting out tears like a hose.
Gumball says: "Leave this to me."
Gumball says: "Psst."
Gumball says: "I stole some cookies from the commissary."
Gumball says: "Want some?"
Frankie says: "For real?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, man."
Gumball says: "Here you go."
Frankie says: "Thanks."
Frankie says: "See you later."
Gumball says: "I'm not finished yet."
Frankie says: "What do you mean?"
Gumball says: "CONTRABAND!"
Nicole runs to him and puts him in the shed.
Nicole says: "YOU'RE GOING IN THE HOLE!"
Frankie says: "WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?!"
Frankie says: "!"
Nicole slams the door.
Frankie says: "LET ME OUT!"
Frankie says: "WILL SOMEONE LET ME OUT?!"
Frankie says: "!"
After a while.
Nicole opens the door. Anais enters; Nicole closes the door.
Anais says: "Okay, Mr, uh, Watterson."
Anais says: "I hear you have some complaints about how we run things around here."
Frankie says: "Even that's not enough to count all the things they did to me."
Frankie says: "Wait."
Frankie says: "Are you doodling?"
Anais says: "Yes."
Anais says: "It's a picture of you playing a tiny violin!"
Anais says: "I'm running a correctional facility, not some kindergarten for whining man-babies!"
Frankie says: "Wait a minute."
Frankie says: "I'm asking a four-year-old to get me out of a shed, when I could just leave."
After this, he takes his clothes and goes to the house's door. Before he grabs the door handle, Nicole talks to him.
Nicole says: "WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Frankie says: "Richard, your family is deranged!"
Frankie says: "This place is like a prison!"
Frankie says: "I'm out of here!"
Nicole says: "Wait!"
Nicole says: "Family huddle."
Everyone except Frankie huddles together.
Nicole says: "absolutely nailing it!"
Gumball says: "Good work, everyone!"
Nicole says: "YOU'RE GOING NOWHERE, WATTERSON!"
Frankie says: "SAYS WHO?!"
Frankie says: "!"
Nicole says: "Too much?"
Anais says: "Nah."
Richard says: "Nah."
Darwin says: "Nah."
Gumball says: "Nah."
The Escape.
Scene cuts to night, specifically very close to 4 a.m.; Frankie is sleeping in bed.
Frankie says: "Oh, my head!"
Frankie says: "Well, at least it can't get any worse!"
As Frankie turns over, Gumball is shown grabbing ahold of his head. He drools on him, and Frankie groans. Scene cuts to the rest of the Wattersons standing behind the door.
Nicole says: "He escaped!"
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Richard says: "Ahh!"
Richard says: "Of course, the poster!"
Anais says: "The window, Dad!"
Richard says: "Of course!"
Richard says: "The window!"
Anais says: "Never mind."
Anais says: "SOUND THE ALARM!"
Nicole activates a beep on her watch.
Nicole says: "We're gonna need something bigger."
Scene cuts to Frankie and Gumball hiding as a loud alarm comes off, as well as lights. Frankie runs off with Gumball.
Gumball says: "So where are we gonna lay low?"
Gumball says: "Bolivia?"
Gumball says: "Mexico?"
Gumball says: "Chipotle?"
Frankie says: "I gotta get these handcuffs off."
Gumball says: "Should we go to a crooked blacksmith?"
Gumball says: "Bribe a lumberjack?"
Frankie says: "No!"
Frankie says: "We just go to the police!"
Frankie and Gumball confront with Doughnut Sheriff.
Frankie says: "So, officer, allow me to explain why I'm running through the streets in a striped jumpsuit handcuffed to a tattooed delinquent."
The Chase.
Donut Sheriff says: "Huh..."
Frankie and Gumball run away from a police car, driven by the Doughnut Sheriff. To avoid the police officer, Frankie and Gumball stand still like a tree aside the police officer's path.
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm in a pursuit for a fugitive handcuffed to a tattooed child!"
Another police officer says: "You mean the tweleve-fifty-seven?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh, if you say so."
Gumball and Frankie still run, but now, the rest of the Wattersons are chasing them. Gumball and Frankie jump off-road, and Nicole stops the car.
Nicole says: "Stop!"
They still run.
Nicole says: "Release the hound."
Richard, acting like a hound, chases them down.
Frankie says: "Come on!"
Frankie says: "We'll lose them in here!"
Frankie and Gumball go down a sewage pipe.
Frankie says: "These tunnels go on fore—"
Nicole says: "Freeze!"
Nicole says: "End of the line, dirtball!"
Frankie says: "Get back!"
Frankie says: "You people are insane!"
Frankie says: "Don't come any closer, or we'll jump!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "We haven't discussed this!"
Nicole says: "Frankie, no!"
Nicole says: "We're not insane!"
Nicole says: "We're doing it for you, to make you feel like you're in prison again!"
Frankie says: "Prison?"
Frankie says: "I never went to prison!"
Anais says: "Then, where were you when Dad was growing up?"
Frankie says: "I was running away from prison."
Frankie says: "I got sentenced to three days in jail for selling parcels of the moon to senior citizens."
Anais says: "And if you weren't in prison, then how come you can't cope with living on the outside?"
Frankie says: "I was trying to get free rent and food out of you, okay?"
Nicole says: "Ah, he was trying to scam us!"
Nicole says: "I told you!"
Richard says: "Ah, Dad, you should've just asked."
Richard says: "You can stay with us whenever you want."
Richard says: "In fact, why don't you come and live with us?"
The words "live with us" echo, as Frankie recalls all the memories from prison, such as Gumball hitting him a wet sock, Darwin attacking him with a spork, him being electrocuted, and him showering with his son.
Frankie says: "Nah."
He falls off the end of the sewage pipe. Meanwhile, Gumball screams, and the Wattersons gasp. Frankie's head emerges, and it is shown that the "cliff" is not far off the ground. They just land on the old disused river.
Donut Sheriff says: "Selling the moon to senior citizens, eh?"
Donut Sheriff says: "You're going to prison!"
Frankie says: "No rent, free food."
Frankie says: "Why not?"
Episode ends.