Investigating the Awesome Store.
The episode begins with the police arriving the mall´s parking lot. They stop next to The Awesome Store.
Van shopkeeper says: "Ah, officers, what can I do you for?"
Donut Sheriff says: "License, please."
Van shopkeeper says: "Sure, there you go."
Donut Sheriff says: "That's a doctor's license."
Van shopkeeper says: "Yes."
Van shopkeeper says: "That'll be a hundred dollars."
Donut Sheriff says: "Alright, keep your hands on the wheel."
Donut Sheriff says: "Guys, check what he's got back there."
A blue Coffee Cop and Frank check the back of the van. The blue Coffee Cop takes out an umbrella. When he opens it, it begins raining on him. Lightning suddenly strikes him, causing him to disintegrate. Frank then pulls out an old doll.
Everything is fine.
Eyes open, demonic voice What's mine is yours.
And what's yours is mine.
The doll possess Frank, causing him to drop the doll.
Donut Sheriff says: "What was that, Frank?"
Soda Cop says: "I really wish I was in bed today."
The magic lamp rattles, and a cloud of green smoke surrounds Soda Cop. When the smoke clears, he is seen trapped inside a bed, which falls over. The Hamburger Cop then looks inside the van. Inside are piles and piles of other strange items.
Hamburger Cop says: "Uh..."
Hamburger Cop says: "we're gonna need some reinforcement, sir!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh come on, trooper!"
Donut Sheriff says: "How big can one truck be?"
Van shopkeeper says: "There's a map on the fifth floor."
From inside the van, a quack can be heard, followed by growling and a horse grunting. Hamburger Cop looks inside, but then moves out of the way. From inside the van, a creature with a duck's head and wings and a horse's body runs off. Hamburger Cop then notices a pair of glasses that have fallen on the ground, and tries them on.
Hamburger Cop says: "What kind of dark magic is this?"
Van shopkeeper says: "Uhh, they're not magic."
Van shopkeeper says: "I think you just need glasses."
Donut Sheriff says: "Alright, most of that stuff looks pretty illegal."
Van shopkeeper says: "I think you'll find all the right paperwork in here."
Donut Sheriff says: "There's no paperwork here, it's just thousands of dollars!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We're taking you downtown."
Van shopkeeper says: "Fair enough."
Van shopkeeper says: "See you guys there!"
The Van Shopkeeper starts the van and drives away.
Frank says: "Sir, he's getting away!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Or maybe he's making a u-turn so he can take the correct exit."
The van drives through the brick wall of the parking garage. After it falls to the ground, it veers through the parking lot, crashes through the guard rail, and drives onto the highway.
Donut Sheriff says: "Maybe he's made a mistake and will realize that isn't the way to the precinct."
The van then drives through the signal on a toll booth.
Guard 2 says: "Hey!"
Doughnut Sheriff sighs.
Sarah and the Notebook.
Cut to Sarah's house. Sarah is seen walking outside, wearing cat sunglasses and a shirt reading "otaku" in Japanese. She shields herself from the sun as she walks to her mailbox. When she opens it, she finds a Japanese magazine inside. Suddenly, the Van Shopkeeper drives the van through a fence and heads for Sarah's yard. Sarah screams and jumps out of the way. As the van drives into the distance, it drops a notebook. Sarah begins inspecting the notebook, but then hears police sirens. She screams and dodges again as a swarm of police cars drive by. Sarah gets up once they are gone.
Female Coffee Cop says: "Boss, that ice cream girl just stole a piece of evidence!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Good point, sergeant!"
Donut Sheriff says: "We should go get ice cream."
Female Coffee Cop says: "Don't you mean you should go back and retrieve that notebook?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Sorry, you're right."
Donut Sheriff says: "We should definitely go for ice cream!"
Female Coffee Cop says: "Okay, and then we check on her."
Donut Sheriff says: "That's right, yeah."
Donut Sheriff says: "Then chicken."
Meanwhile, Sarah inspects the notebook further. The Cartoon Network logo is engraved in gold on the front. Sarah squeals and takes the notebook inside whilst giggling. Inside, she sits down at her desk.
Sarah says: "Who should I ship today?"
The Shippening Cometh.
Sarah says: "The sun was rising over Elmore..."
Sarah as Alan​​​​​​ says: "Did it hurt?"
Sarah says: "Alan said, the gentle light glistening on his chiseled features."
Alan's body literally chisels away as he screams. After his body chisels away, he is seen the same as before, but now making a handsome face.
Sarah as Teri says: "Not as much as all these years yearning for you!"
Sarah says: "She said, her heart in her mouth."
Sarah says: "forever oblivious to the world around them."
Gumball and Darwin walk by, then notice Carmen staring at Alan and Teri.
Carmen says: "I have no words."
Gumball says: "Then please, allow me."
Darwin says: "Uh."
Darwin says: "And what're you gonna say about that?"
Clare and Hot Dog Guy are both seen holding hands.
Clare says: "In that moment, I felt something I've never felt before!"
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​ says: "I love the way you speak your mind."
Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​ says: "Literally."
Sarah says: "Without further ado they kissed, the waves of their love sweeping away everything around them."
A large ocean wave sweeps through the mall, carrying Clare and Hot Dog Guy away. Gumball and Darwin, dumbfounded, watch the spectacle.
Gumball says: "I would say it looks like Cupid needs to lay off the ambrosia for a while."
Strange Ships Are Happening.
Larry and Karen are seen at Joyful Burger. Gumball and Darwin walk by in the background.
Larry says: "Look, Karen, I've been meaning to ask you for a long time,  and I finally got the money for a ring."
Larry suddenly slides away from Karen, passes Gumball and Darwin, and slides down the escalator. He stops in front of Mr. Small at the bottom of the escalator, turning to face him. Mr. Small rips off his clothes, revealing a wedding gown underneath them.
Mister Small says: "I will!"
Gumball says: "Serving some bridal realness there, Mr."
Gumball says: "Small!"
Gaylord says: "Honey, I love it."
Cut to the tattoo store, where Mr. Robinson is with Banana Barbara.
Gaylord says: "This'll truly represent our newfound love."
Gaylord says: "And it'll look great on my shoulder."
Banana Barbara says: "No."
Banana Barbara says: "I want it here."
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Darwin says: "What the what?"
Rocky says: "How's it going, guys?"
Gumball says: "We can't let him see his dad kissing Barbara!"
Darwin says: "We need a diversion!"
Idaho walks by. Gumball, offscreen, throws him at Rocky.
Rocky says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Well it's still less painful for him."
Rocky, still walking backwards, falls off the mall's top floor. He is then heard hitting the ground.
Rocky says: "Ow!"
Gumball says: "Well, his feelings are still intact."
Gumball says: "I'm sure he'll thank us one day."
Darwin says: "After six months of physiotherapy and learning how to talk again!"
A loud rumbling is heard. Gumball and Darwin look up and see Hector and Masami through the mall's roof window.
Masami says: "I've waited forever for this kiss!"
Masami and Hector try to kiss, but Hector ends up sucking Masami into his mouth. Hector tries to cough her up, but is unsuccessful and passes out. Gumball and Darwin are seen in the elevator.
Darwin says: "Is it me, or is something really weird going on today?"
More Ships, Oddballs, and the Culprit.
Tobias is seen talking to someone offscreen outside the mall.
Tobias​​​​​​ says: "I guess I've always known we've shared deep feelings but sometimes, it's hard to see what's right in front of your eyes."
Gumball says: "I dunno, man."
Gumball says: "That doesn't seem so out of the ordinary for him."
Gumball and Darwin walk out of the mall. As they do, the automatic door slides open and then closes. Tobias remains kissing the door, and its motion drags his face with it. Gumball and Darwin then encounter two very odd-looking characters. One resembles Gumball but has a tuft of hair and green wings, the other a pink Darwin lookalike with blue shoes and a propeller hat.
Zachariah says: "Hi!"
Gumball says: "Who are you?"
Zachariah says: "I'm your cousin, Zachariah Lopez Kirby!"
Zachariah says: "I have a hyper mood and I like paragliding and ducks!"
Zachariah says: "I hate arguments and itchy hats!"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
Gumball says: "right."
Bexi says: "And I'm Zachariah's girlfriend, Bexi!"
Bexi says: "It's short for Albexandra."
Bexi says: "Backstory: I was raised by my uncle Timutet and his twin dogs, Rahmir and Castro."
Bexi says: "Catchphrase:  This bird is out of control!"
Gumball and Darwin stare at the two oddballs for a few seconds.
Darwin says: "How often would she get to use that catchphrase?"
Gumball says: "Dude, I think you were right."
Gumball says: "I don't see how this day could get any weir-aaaaaand  here we go."
The shot then changes to a strangely-drawn adult Gumball and Carrie on a bench, holding a baby.
Darwin says: "WHAT THE?"
Darwin says: "DUDE!"
Darwin says: "THIS IS SO MESSED UP!"
Gumball says: "I know, right?"
Gumball says: "I mean, a future me?"
Gumball says: "Wearing sandals?"
Darwin says: "I MEAN YOU'RE GONNA STEAL CARRIE FROM ME!"
Darwin says: "IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE "CARWIN," NOT "CARBALL," YOU HOMEWRECKING WOMAN-EATER!"
Gumball says: "And it looks like I didn't stop at women."
Further away from the adult Gumball and Carrie, there is a wedding taking place between a female, anime-style, human Gumball, and a human, anime-style Darwin.
Darwin says: "Aaaaah!!"
Gumball says: "I agree."
Gumball says: "Always thought I was the one wearing the pants in this relationship."
Darwin says: "What is going on?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "This mess has got Sarah's name written all over it!"
Darwin says: "How do you know?"
Gumball walks over to the adult Gumball and Carrie, and points to adult Gumball's foot. Below it is a copyright symbol followed by Sarah's name. As Gumball points this out, dramatic music plays.
The Shippening Goes Too Far.
Sarah is in her room, continually writing love stories in the notebook.
Sarah says: "Her heart pounding in her chest, Penny said to Banana Joe, "Let's never split."
Gumball and Darwin break through Sarah's door, making her scream.
Gumball says: "What did you do this time?"
Sarah says: "Nothing, I swear!"
Sarah says: "I was just writing some non-canon AT and AR ships."
Sarah says: "The odd oneshot here and there, and a bit of OOC, some OC drawings of course, but mostly OTP stories and fanservice!"
Gumball says: "Wait, what?"
Darwin says: "Wait, what?"
Gumball says: "Where did you get this?"
Sarah says: "Well, it fell off the back of a truck!"
Sarah says: "That's not a euphemism, it literally did."
Gumball says: "The Awesome Store."
Darwin says: "The Awesome Store."
Gumball says: "Well, just take a look at what happened when you wrote in it."
Sarah says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Sarah says: "I'm an otaku, the light could kill me."
Gumball opens Sarah's curtains. Outside, Melted Cheese Guy and Karen, Mrs. Jötunheim and Hank, Richard and Felicity, Byrdie and Hobo, Idaho and Ocho, Hexagon Lady and Marvin, Penny and Banana Joe, and Leonard Daniels and Doctor Literature are all seen together. Nicole and Yuki then ride by on a unicorn.
Darwin says: "It's like a commercial for male deodorant out there."
Sarah says: "Oh, my gosh."
Sarah says: "So when I wrote all this, it became canon in reality."
Sarah says: "Excuse me for a second."
Darwin says: "Well you gotta fix it, okay?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Sarah says: "Right."
Sarah takes the notebook from Gumball and tears a page out. As she does, the anime groom Darwin crumples up like paper. The female anime bride Gumball screams in terror.
Sarah says: "Oh, I probably need to destroy it thoroughly."
Sarah, Gumball and Darwin turn away from the window. The anime groom Darwin then un-crumples, tears in half, and then is shredded to pieces. Anime bride Gumball continues screaming.
She is cut off by anime groom Darwin spontaneously combusting, making both of them scream. The fire then douses itself with water. Cut back to Sarah's room, it is revealed these effects were caused due to her tearing up the page, setting it on fire, and dousing it with water.
Anime Groom Darwin says: "Uh, hey?"
Anime Groom Darwin says: "I'm alive and in quite a lot of pain."
Sarah says: "Okay, so, the only solution is to rewrite it back to normal."
Police sirens are heard, as is knocking on Sarah's front door.
Donut Sheriff says: "Open up!"
Donut Sheriff says: "This is the police!"
Sarah says: "They're here for the notebook!"
Darwin says: "Then hurry up and start already!"
Sarah says: "Okay."
Donut Sheriff says: "Open up!"
Sarah says: "I got nothing."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Sarah says: "I got writer's block!"
Sarah says: "You're gonna have to do it!"
Gumball says: "Uhh..."
The Shippening Doth Come to a Swift End.
Cut to the mall. Gumball, like Sarah earlier, is heard narrating.
Gumball says: "Mr."
Gumball as Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "It's not you, Larry."
Gumball as Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "It's me."
Larry transforms into Mr. Small's likeness. Gumball can then be heard writing.
Gumball says: "Oh, wait, no."
Larry returns to normal.
Gumball as Larry says: "We can't see each other anymore."
Mr. Small and Larry both give terrified looks at the camera and then grow skin over their eyes. They both scream.
Gumball says: "It was a hard blow for Mr."
Darwin says: "You're making it worse!"
Gumball says: "Th-th-this is hard!"
Darwin says: "Just keep it simple!"
Darwin says: "Like..."
Darwin says: "Principal Brown and Jackie Wilson broke up!"
Principal Brown and Jackie are seen rollerskating in the park, but as Darwin says this line, they literally break apart like glass.
Darwin says: "Scratch that."
Darwin says: "They get back together."
As Gumball writes this, Principal Brown and Jackie reform, but as one, horrifying mutant. This causes Frog Kid to faint. Meanwhile, Doughnut Sheriff is seen trying to break down Sarah's front door.
Sarah says: "They're breaking down the door!"
Gumball says: "I got this!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Bring on the heat."
Female Coffee Cop stares at Doughnut Sheriff, with an anime-style face, and sighs.
Darwin says: "Good job, dude!"
Gumball says: "I haven't written anything yet."
Gumball says: "But I'll send a little something to delay them."
Donut Sheriff says: "Come on!"
Female Coffee Cop says: "Come on, come on, come on!"
Sarah's stairs then change to an escalator, making the police fall to the ground. Gumball continues writing in the notebook.
Gumball says: "Bobert, Jamie, and Tina were having a picnic."
Gumball says: "They knew it would be their last meal together."
Gumball as Tina says: "Don't be so sad, what we had was beautiful."
Gumball as Tina says: "Let's eat Bobert."
Gumball says: "Tina said."
Darwin says: "Wait, shouldn't there be a comma before "Bobert?"
Gumball says: "What difference does that make?"
Tina and Jamie are seen eating Bobert's parts, with Bobert's head sprawled on the ground. Gumball resumes writing.
Gumball says: "Penny said to Joe..."
Penny and Banana Joe are both sitting in swings.
Gumball as Penny says: "It's over."
Gumball says: "And his stomach twisted into a knot as he cried."
Gumball says: "Hot Dog Guy and Clare looked at each other with tears in their eyes."
Gumball as Clare says: "We need space."
Gumball says: "Said Clare."
Gumball as Hot Dog Guy​​​​​​ says: "I agree."
Gumball says: "He replied."
Hot Dog Guy and Clare blast off into space like rockets, both of them gasping for air.
Gumball as Adult Gumball says: "I'm sorry, but this is moving too fast for me."
The bench slides away, and Adult Gumball screams until the bench collides with a bus. Zachariah and Bexi are seen riding a swan-shaped boat.
Gumball as Zachariah says: "I'm sorry, but this is moving too fast for me."
The swan boat speeds off, throwing Zachariah into the water.
Bexi says: "This bird is out of control!"
The swan boat crashes into a building.
Darwin says: "Huh, what do you know?"
Gumball says: "And then Yuki said,  "I'm sorry, but this is moving too fast for me."
A horse neigh is heard in the distance. Yuki flashes past the turmoil in the streets, riding the same unicorn from before. It then crashes into something offscreen. Many people are shown outside crying. Darwin and Sarah sigh.
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You think you can just lock three people in a room and pressure them to keep coming up with gold?"
Gumball says: "Eventually they'll start repeating material."
Gumball says: "I mean, what, you think you can just lock three people in a room and pressure them to keep coming up with gold?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Open up!"
Darwin says: "They made it up the stairs!"
Sarah says: "And all we've done is make things worse!"
The chaos outside is seen once again, with something crashing offscreen.
Gumball says: "Aaaand there's only  space left for one sentence."
Doughnut Sheriff kicks a hole through Sarah's door. Gumball, Darwin, and Sarah gasp.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Sarah then has an idea.
Sarah says: "I've got an idea."
Sarah takes the notebook and writes in it. Gumball and Darwin then lovingly look at Sarah.
Gumball says: "I love you, Sarah!"
Darwin says: "Me too!"
Darwin says: "And without further ado..."
Gumball and Darwin kiss Sarah on either side of her face. They both regain their senses, and then everything around them reverts back to normal. They all look outside to see everything perfectly fine.
Gumball says: "What the what?"
Gumball says: "How did you do that?"
Sarah tilts the notebook downward so Gumball and Darwin can see the writing.
Darwin says: ""Gumball and Darwin kiss Sarah, but in the end, none of this mattered because it was all just fan fiction!"
Gumball says: "Ah, genius idea."
Gumball says: "But, wait, how did us kissing you help that plan?"
Sarah says: "It didn't."
Episode ends.