The Infuriated Wattersons.
The episode starts off with Anais furiously marching on the sidewalk; Banana Joe appears, slurping from a drink.
Banana Joe says: "Oh, hi, Anais."
Banana Joe says: "Whoa!"
Anais walks on Banana Joe, causing him to launch out of his skin; the Melted Cheese Guy slips on him.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Aah, ugh!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Help!"
Anais walks through his body, causing him to split in two halves.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "At least I finally got that flat stomach."
Scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin, who stare at flowers menacingly, making them wither; Idaho appears.
Idaho says: "Oh, hi, guys!"
Gumball and Darwin use the same stare at Idaho, making him rot; when Milk Guy appears, they stare at him, making him spoil and write the words "SOUR CREAM." Scene cuts to Anais crossing the street; as Rocky, driving the school bus, is about to resume, Anais marches through, cutting the school bus in half. Scene cuts to Nicole in the car, parked outside the house, who heaves heavy breaths, screams in anger as she punches the steering wheel; she then rolls back her seat, only to kick the steering wheel. Nicole gets out and, from a lamppost, jumps and delivers an elbow drop  onto the car, destroying it. She angrily marches into the house, slamming the door. Gumball and Darwin enter; Darwin slams the door. Anais merely marches through it, penetrating it. The Wattersons sit at the dinner table, Richard entering and smashing all of the plates, as well as stabbing the table with the utensils. He then smashes all of the glassware; he goes to the kitchen and holds the spaghetti pot.
Richard says: "Dinner is served!"
Richard serves the spaghetti by slapping the Wattersons' faces with it. Before he is about to serve it himself, he applies salt. Gumball and Darwin wipe their faces.
Darwin says: "Thanks, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad!"
Darwin says: "Being slapped in the face with wet spaghetti was the nicest thing that happened to us all day!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, being a guy these days is the worst!"
Nicole shakes the spaghetti off her face and gesticulates imaginary "words" being caught in front of Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "What is that?"
Nicole says: "Your words, and you're gonna eat them right now!"
Darwin says: "Why?"
Nicole says: "Because being a woman is the worst!"
Nicole says: "It's like playing one of your video games without the—"
Nicole says: "t-the—"
Nicole says: "the stick of happiness!"
Gumball says: "Do you mean the "joystick"?"
Darwin says: "Yeah, I think she meant "joystick."
Anais says: "You guys can complain all you want, but you know who really has it the worst?"
Anais says: "Kids!"
Anais says: "No matter how right you are, everyone is just so condescending!"
Richard says: "Oh, sweetie, "condabending" isn't a word."
Richard says: "Anyway, you should try being a grown-up."
Richard says: "Responsibility, fatherhood, full-time employment."
Richard says: "Avoiding those things is so hard for an adult."
Gumball says: "Really?"
Gumball says: "Then let me tell you about my day!"
Gumball and Darwin's Flashback.
Flashback. Scene cuts to the showering rooms in Elmore Junior High. Banana Joe literally presses the bench.
Banana Joe says: "And that's how you bench press, right?"
Gumball and Darwin enter.
Tobias​​​​ says: "No, wait, wait, wait, no."
Tobias​​​​ says: "Lilac?"
Darwin says: "Nope!"
Darwin says: "It's called Roses of the Meadow."
Darwin says: "We thought we's try Mom's shower gel for a change."
Tobias​​​​ says: "That's it."
Tobias​​​​ says: "It's weakness I smelt."
Ocho says: "They don't smell like the chemicals we've been taught to associate with manliness!"
Banana Joe says: "Quick everyone—"
Banana Joe says: "question their masculinity in a sarcastic way!"
Tobias, Ocho and Banana Joe laugh, making Gumball and Darwin blush in embarrassment.
Ocho says: "You know what would go well with your perfume?"
Ocho says: "Admitting you're insecure instead of just punching someone in the face!"
Banana Joe says: "Yeah, what next?"
Banana Joe says: "Going to see a doctor instead of suffering in silence until it's too late?"
Tobias​​​​ says: "Yeah, and then what—"
Tobias​​​​ says: "admitting you sometimes wear makeup to hide your blemishes and your mom is all like, "Tobias, if you like makeup so much, I'll buy you some, but stop stealing mine"?"
Everyone else pulls a confused and awkward expression, whilst Tobias laughs nervously.
Tobias​​​​ says: "I meant, you pungent potpourri punks!"
Tobias, Banana Joe, and Ocho laugh once more, making Gumball and Darwin blush again; flashback ends.
Gumball says: "And it went like that the whole day—"
Gumball says: "a whole day where we had to hold in our tears, too, because boys don't cry."
Gumball and Darwin let out waterfalls of tears.
Nicole says: "Oh, so you think your day was hard?"
Nicole says: "My day was harder than your father's crusty big toenail!"
Gumball says: "Huh?!"
Darwin says: "Huh?!"
Anais says: "Huh?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard admittedly nods and sighs.
Anais says: "Mom, please hurry up and tell us about your day so we can get that image out of our heads."
Nicole's Flashback.
Nicole's flashback begins in the Rainbow Factory, where Nicole is sitting in her workplace; Nicole looks at the Employee of the Month gallery. Mr. Yoshida walks by, allowing Nicole to confront him.
Nicole says: "Uh, Mr."
Nicole says: "Yoshida, how come we've never had a female employee of the month?"
Mr. Yoshida says: "We can't have a picture of a woman."
Mr. Yoshida says: "It would distract all the men."
Mr. Yoshida says: "Then, who would be employee of the month?"
Nicole says: "Well, maybe it's time for a change?"
Mr. Yoshida says: "That reminds me: seeing as you've been here five years, it's about time you had a promotion and your own office."
Nicole says: "Huh?"
The scene shows that Mr. Yoshida has been talking to the plant; he shakes its leaves with his hand.
Mr. Yoshida says: "Congratulations."
Mr. Yoshida says: "Let's see if we can't pick you out a company car."
Nicole grumbles angrily; James O'Brien appears behind her workplace.
James says: "Uh, Nicole, do you have that report I asked for?"
Nicole says: "I put it on the boss' desk."
Scene shows Mr. Yoshida, making him reappear on-screen.
Mr. Yoshida says: "Oh!"
Mr. Yoshida says: "That reminds me: Jim, I read your report."
Mr. Yoshida says: "Great work."
Mr. Yoshida says: "Let's see if we can't get you an office of your own."
James jumps to follow Mr. Yoshida; Nicole grumbles angrily.
Mr. Yoshida says: "Oh!"
Mr. Yoshida says: "That reminds me: you should smile more, sweetheart."
Mr. Yoshida walks away; Nicole pulls an infuriated expression. The scene cuts to Mr. Yoshida and some other employees at a table thumping their chests rhythmically; as Nicole walks behind the glass, she realizes thus and screams in anger, throwing all the papers she carries. Flashback ends.
Nicole says: "So not only am I getting paid twenty-two percent less for my work than the men, I also have to let them take all the credit!"
Richard says: "You're right."
Richard says: "That's a very good point, Gumball."
Viewing this as a repeating episode of her discrimination, Nicole screams in anger.
Anais says: "I still think being a kid is worse."
Nicole says: "Sure, sweetie."
Nicole says: "How do you cope with all those short days and long holidays?"
Nicole says: "It must be so tough."
Anais says: "Well, at least my generation didn't turn the economy and the planet."
Anais says: "The house that I'll never be able to afford will be underwater anyway."
Richard says: "Oh, pumpkin, an underwater house is called a submarine—"
Richard says: "because it's shaped like a sandwich."
Anais grunts in anger.
Richard says: "Don't be grumpy."
Richard says: "Oh, this is really satisfying."
Gumball says: "Ooh, let me try!"
Gumball says: "Oh yeah, that is nice!"
Gumball says: "Mom, come try this."
Nicole says: "Oh, you're right; it's like a massage for my fingers."
Darwin says: "Oh yeah!"
Darwin says: "It's like a gummy peach!"
Anais says: "Is it really that nice?"
Anais says: "Oh, yeah."
Anais says: "Wait!"
Anais says: "Get your hands off my face!"
Richard says: "I'm supposed to be angry."
Richard says: "I was completely humiliated at the mall today."
Awkward silence occurs.
Richard says: "Well, aren't you going to ask why?"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry, we assume that happens every day."
Richard's Flashback.
Scene flashes back to the Elmore Mall with Larry selling fish; Richard walks in.
Richard says: "Good morning, Larry."
Richard says: "The usual, please."
Larry says: "Are you serious?"
Richard says: "I said, "the usual."
Can you smell your fishy gills?
Fishy fishy, in the sea,.
Do you notice when you pee?
Fishy, fishy— Okay, sorry, but I'm not doing this anymore.
Richard says: "I'm not leaving before I've seen it drop the bass."
Larry sighs, then manipulates the fish's mouth to imitate a drop in electronic dubstep/electro house/dance music, "dropping a bass"; Richard laughs.
Larry says: "Mr."
Larry says: "Watterson, do you intend to purchase the fish this time?"
Richard says: "Mm… no."
Larry says: "Then I'm going to have to ask you to leave the store."
Richard says: "Am I being banned?"
Flashback ends.
Richard says: ""…grow up?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "" What's the point?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Being an adult is the worst!"
Richard says: "You think it would open doors for you, but as soon as you actually try to open one, everyone in the plane starts wigging out!"
Anais says: "Oh yeah?"
Anais says: "I'd like to see you try and walk in my shoes for a day."
Richard says: "Well, I'd like "to" see you walk in mine!"
Anais says: "You're not even wearing shoes!"
Anais says: "And that is not how air quotes work!"
Nicole says: "None of you would last a day in my shoes."
Nicole says: "You guys make me laugh."
Gumball says: "Laugh?"
Gumball says: "Try smiling first."
Nicole says: "Can everyone please stop telling women to smile?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Darwin says: "How about we swap roles?"
Darwin says: "Mom, you'll be a guy, we'll be women, Anais, you'll be a grown-up, and Dad, you'll be a little kid."
Gumball says: "And then we'll see who really has it the worst."
Anais says: "Challenge accepted."
Nicole says: "Challenge accepted."
Richard says: "Chald ensemptechenge."
The Challenge Commences.
[The scene cuts to an alarm clock; it rings when it reaches 6 says: "00 AM."
[The scene cuts to an alarm clock; it rings when it reaches 6 says: "Anais wakes up in Nicole and Richard's bedroom, yawning until her back breaks."
Anais says: "My back!"
Anais says: "What is wrong with it?!"
Anais says: "!"
Richard goes in to the bedroom, beginning to put on his undersized shirt.
Richard says: "Nothing."
After Richard struggles to put his shirt on, his shirt causes him to form into a distorted shape.
Richard says: "…random parts of your body start to hurt horribly for no reason, and there's no cure."
Richard says: "Have a nice grown-up day!"
Richard childishly cartwheels out of the house and into the car; once he starts to drive, he accidentally bumps into another car.
Richard says: "Oh yeah."
Richard says: "Kids can't drive."
The scene cuts to the bathroom, where Gumball is sobbing loudly; Anais enters, frightened.
Anais says: "What are you doing?!"
Anais says: "!"
Gumball turns around to show that he is peeling off a wax strip, him exhausting a bloodcurdling shrill as the wax strip peels off his fur; Darwin confronts with Anais, wearing an excessive amount of makeup on his face.
Darwin says: "We're just giving in to the extreme pressure to conform to completely unattainable standards of beauty."
The scene shows that Nicole is also in the bathroom, facing away from the camera; she zips up her fly.
Nicole says: "I didn't even shave today."
Nicole says: "I washed three parts of my body with damp face cloth, and I'm good to go!"
The scene cuts to Nicole walking to the mirror, revealing a very hideous face. Nicole screams.
Nicole says: "Wow, I never realized how little time guys spend looking after themselves."
The scene cuts to Anais, seeming depressed waiting for the bus, as well as wearing formal clothing to go to work. As she rides the bus, she decides to bite a doughnut, which causes her to gain high amounts of fat, hence her large double chin.
Anais says: "Right: middle-aged metabolism."
Anais says: "Anything that enters my body now makes me fat."
Anais inhales deeply, causing her to gain two more "chins".
Anais says: "What?!"
Anais says: "!"
Anais says: "Air, as well?!"
Anais says: "!"
The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin, dressed up as women. As they are about to enter to work, two security guards notice them.
Green Guard says: "Oh, allow me, ladies."
Red Guard says: "No, allow me!"
Green Guard says: "No, allow me."
Red Guard says: "I said it first!"
The two guards physically quarrel, throwing in punches and wrestling. Gumball and Darwin walk over them and through the entrance.
Gumball says: "We're here about the job."
Gumball says: "Here's our résumé."
The red guard enters.
Red Guard says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Red Guard says: "Allow me to carry that for you."
Red Guard says: "It looks heavy."
Gumball and Darwin sigh.
Karen says: "Okay, the interviews are on the top floor."
Gumball and Darwin walk to the elevator.
Red Guard says: "Oh, oh, oh, oh, allow me!"
Gumball says: "We are more than capable of doing things for ourselves!"
Gumball struggles to reach the elevator buttons, due to his height.
Gumball says: "Actually, could you push that button for us?"
The scene cuts to Nicole walking across the park.
Nicole says: "Morning!"
Nicole says: "Oh, hi, Billy, Mrs."
Nicole says: "Parham."
Nicole says: "How's it going?"
All the people in the park scream in fright and disgust.
Billy says: "Mother!"
Billy says: "Make it stop!"
Billy says: "Make it go away!"
Billy says: "'Tis hideous!"
Billy says: "Hideous!"
The scene cuts to Richard in Miss Simian's classroom.
Lucy Simian says: "Study!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Exam!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Study!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Another exam!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Study some more!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Exam!"
School bell rings; Richard is in a recess.
Lucy Simian says: "Break time."
Richard sighs.
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Study!"
School bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Exam!"
School bell rings rapidly.
Lucy Simian says: "Another exam!"
Lucy Simian says: "A final exam!"
The scene cuts to Anais in her workplace.
Anais says: "Ugh, forget it!"
Anais says: "I'll just file this along with all the other hopes and dreams adults have."
Her imagination is thrown in the trash can; Anais sighs. The scene cuts to Gumball and Darwin entering the elevator; it chimes.
Gumball says: "Okay, we're going straight to the top, where all the executives hang out."
He presses a button; the elevator closes and goes up. While waiting, Gumball and Darwin are being squeezed by an invisible barrier.
Darwin says: "What's happening?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's the glass ceiling Mom was talking about."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Gumball says: "The invisible barrier that stops anyone who's not an old rich dude from getting the best jobs."
The invisible barrier pushes them through the floor of the elevator, causing Gumball and Darwin to scream and fall to the ground; the elevator opens. The scene cuts to Nicole beginning to work with the construction men.
Hank says: "Okay, buddy, you can start by shifting that stuff over there."
Hank says: "Good to have you with us!"
Nicole is carrying a metal bar while working; she slips on a puddle, causing the metal bar to fall on her legs and ruin them, which causes Nicole to scream.
Nicole says: "Heeeugh!"
Nicole says: "Heeeugh!"
Nicole says: "Please, I need hughhh!"
Hank says: "You okay, big guy?"
Nicole says: "Yeah, can't complain."
Nicole says: "No wait, why did I say that?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "I need to get to the hospital."
Nicole says: "Which wa—"
Nicole says: "Which w-wa—"
Nicole says: "Oh yeah, I can't ask for directions either."
Aftermath.
Nicole enters the house with her face back to normal, slamming the door and throwing her construction helmet. Gumball and Darwin enter, Darwin slamming the door and throwing down their costumes. Richard enters, dropping his books; Anais drills through the door carrying a suitcase, then throws the door away angrily.
All says: "Worst day ever!"
Nicole says: "I'm so glad I'll never be a man."
Gumball says: "And I'm so glad we'll never be women."
Richard says: "I'm so glad I'll never be a child again."
Anais says: "And I'm so glad I'll never be a grown-up."
Gumball says: "So I guess we're all agreed: everyone has it equally bad."
Nicole says: "Well, no, actually, there are some real imbalances that—"
Gumball says: "Exactly."
Gumball says: "Turns out everyone has it the worst."
Nicole says: "No, no, that's the problem!"
Nicole says: "Men just don't listen."
Nicole says: "Women always get cut off in the middle of their s—"
Episode abruptly ends.