Food for Thought.
It is night-time at the Wattersons' house. Richard is in the kitchen, standing beside an open fridge and studying a book.
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "Hm."
Gumball and Darwin enter from the living room.
Richard says: "Mmm..."
Darwin says: "What's going on?"
Darwin says: "I've never seen Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad that confused by the fridge before."
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's the only appliance in the house that he actually knows how to use."
Richard says: "Kids, where would I find the "sa-lard?"
Gumball says: "You mean salad."
Darwin says: "It's in the drawer at the bottom of the fridge."
Richard says: "There's a drawer in the fridge?!"
Richard says: "!"
Skeptical, Richard puts the book on top of the fridge, kneels, and opens the crisper.
Richard says: "I thought we agreed no secrets."
He glowers at the fridge while removing a bag of lettuce, which he slams on the counter.
Richard says: "Hmph!"
Richard says: "Dinner is served."
Gumball says: "I'm impressed."
Gumball says: "You're really taking this diet thing seriously."
Richard says: "Sure I am."
Richard says: "My book says if you use tiny plates, you eat less."
Gumball says: "Um, that only works if you have one tiny plate."
The table is shown to be laden with all manner of food.
Gumball says: "What diet is this?"
Richard says: "Well, that's the no-carbs diet."
Richard says: "That's the high-protein diet."
Richard says: "That's the five-two diet, that's the two-five diet."
Richard says: "That's the—"
The doorbell rings.
Larry says: "Pizza delivery!"
Gumball says: "And that?"
Richard says: "My reward for dieting."
Next morning, Gumball and Darwin are at the table eating Daisy Flakes. Richard, who is noticeably fatter than before, walks up behind them.
Darwin says: "Hey, Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad, I like your new roll-neck sweater."
Richard says: "I'm not wearing a roll-neck."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "It's your, uh, actual neck roll."
Gumball says: "Are you sure this diet's working?"
Richard says: "Absolutely."
Richard says: "I feel incredible."
Richard says: "It's given me so much energy."
Gumball says: "Yeah, you did just sleep for thirty-six hours."
Richard says: "That's it!"
Richard says: "I should get the groceries delivered!"
Gumball and Darwin groan. Richard sets up a laptop on the table, types something, and closes the lid.
Richard says: "Done!"
The three sit in silence for a moment, then Richard taps his fingers impatiently.
Richard says: "Let's go to the grocery store."
Darwin says: "But you just ordered a whole load of food."
Richard says: "I've got to have something to eat in the meantime, don't I?"
Richard says: "Chewing is one of the best ways to burn calories."
Gumball and Darwin are buckled into the backseat of their car. A loud thump, occurring at regular intervals, is causing the entire vehicle to tremble.
Gumball says: "It's taking him forever."
Straining himself, Richard makes it around the hood and squeezes into the driver's seat. When he reaches for the seatbelt, the car tips onto its side.
Gumball says: "Uh, Dad?"
Gumball says: "I don't think this diet's working."
Secret Stash.
Back inside, Richard is collapsed on the living room couch, with Gumball and Darwin standing nearby.
Gumball says: "Okay, Darwin and I are going to help you diet properly."
Richard says: "What do you know about dieting?"
Gumball says: "The Internet exists."
Gumball says: "We don't need to "know" anything."
Darwin says: "We will be your thin-spiration."
Gumball says: "Your slim-presarios."
Darwin says: "Your—"
Gumball says: "Okay, I think he gets it."
Darwin says: "Hm."
Gumball says: "Now, if you want to take this seriously, you need to be open and honest about what you eat."
Darwin says: "Do you have any food in the house we don't know about?"
Richard says: "Uhhh..."
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Richard says: "I thought that would throw you guys off."
Gumball says: "Hmm."
Gumball picks up the TV remote and discovers two sausages in the battery slot. Him and Darwin then proceed to search the house, finding Swiss cheese in the bathroom, a sandwich disguised as the phone, sliced meat in the photo album, some pizza in a record sleeve, a cookie in a computer DVD tray, and fried chicken under a lampshade. They confront their father in the kitchen, where Darwin swipes the banana he is using for a necktie.
Darwin says: "That's not so bad."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute."
He peels the banana to reveal a corn cob, which he in turn peels to uncover a corn dog. Darwin holds it up to Richard, accusingly.
Darwin says: "Hm."
Richard says: "Mmm."
Gumball says: "That's it, we're putting you in lockdown!"
Gumball says: "Somewhere where there's no food."
Gumball is in his bedroom, monitoring security footage on the computer screen. He is communicating with Darwin, who is in the backyard, via walkie-talkie.
Gumball says: "Fish Finger, do you copy?"
Gumball says: "I repeat, Fish Finger, do you copy?"
Darwin says: "All quiet here."
Darwin says: "I repeat, all quiet here, Night Towel."
Gumball says: "Ugh!"
Gumball says: "It's Night Owl."
Gumball says: "Wait, I'm picking up some interference here."
The video feed shows Richard in the supply shed with his back to the camera.
Gumball says: "Sounds like..."
Gumball says: "chewing."
Gumball says: "What's he doing in there?"
Gumball says: "I can't make it out."
Gumball says: "Do you see anything?"
Darwin climbs the side of the shed and looks in the window. He squints in order to figure out what Richard is holding.
Darwin says: "He has a burger!"
Darwin says: "Repeat, he has a burger!"
Gumball says: "You're gonna have to go in."
Gumball says: "And, Darwin?"
Gumball says: "Be careful."
Darwin opens the door to a seemingly vacant shed. Near the back, there is a lone stool with the burger sitting on it.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad?"
Darwin says: "He's gone!"
Gumball says: "But that's impossible!"
Gumball says: "What can you see?"
Darwin says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Darwin says: "The hamburger's fake!"
Gumball says: "It must be a trap!"
Gumball says: "Get out of there!"
Gumball says: "Abort!"
Gumball says: "Abort!"
From above, a viscous liquid drips onto Darwin's head. He looks up at Richard, who is clinging to the ceiling. As Richard hisses, more of the liquid falls from his mouth and onto Darwin's face. He screams and frantically tries to wipe it off.
Darwin says: "Ew-ew-ew-ew-ew!"
Darwin says: "He's escaped!"
Gumball says: "FRIDGE!"
Gumball and Darwin watch their father disapprovingly, as he gorges himself on the contents of the refrigerator.
Darwin says: "This is a new low."
Gumball says: "Meh, feels like a very familiar low."
Darwin says: "Dad moves so fast when there's food involved."
Gumball says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Gumball says: "We use food to trick Dad into exercising!"
Darwin says: "We use food to trick Dad into exercising!"
Gumball says: "Huh, that never usually works."
Richard says: "You probably shouldn't have said your plan out loud right in front of me."
Gumball says: "Don't worry, his short-term memory is terrible."
Richard says: "So, what are we talking about?"
Gumball says: "There it is."
Flab to Fab.
Richard is running on the sidewalk while chasing after pieces of candy. Up ahead, Gumball is on the back of a bicycle, peddled by Darwin, dropping said candy.
Gumball says: "It's working!"
Gumball says: "But it feels like something's missing."
Darwin says: "Training wheels?"
They immediately fall over.
Gumball says: "Nah, we're too old for them."
The animation rewinds, bringing the bike upright again.
Darwin says: "Synth rock and cross-fades?"
Gumball nods approvingly; Music plays during a montage of Richard performing various exercises, while Gumball and Darwin provide the figurative carrot on a stick.
Music says: "Feel the heat when your heart's on fire."
Music says: "Burn it up, let it take you higher."
Music says: "Tearin' down the walls that cage your mind."
Partway through, they replace the junk food with healthier alternatives, and the workout continues. The song ends with Richard having successfully lost weight, and the three celebrate on the front porch.
Gumball says: "Woo-hoo!"
The brothers enter the living room, but Richard remains outside.
Gumball says: "Ahh, I knew all we needed to get Dad fit was a montage."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "And quick, too!"
Darwin says: "It was under a minute."
The song carries on in the background.
Gumball says: "That tune is so annoying."
Gumball says: "Still got it going around in my head."
Darwin says: "Me, too."
Gumball opens the door; The music gets louder.
Darwin says: "Oh, he's still montaging."
Gumball says: "I'm sure he'll tire himself out soon."
The next day, Gumball and Darwin are asleep in their bedroom when they are awoken by a commotion outside.
Gaylord says: "Hey, get off of my car!"
Gaylord says: "Get out of the way, Watterson!"
Gumball and Darwin look out from the window. Down on the street, an overly muscular and shirtless Richard is posing on the front of Mr. Robinson's vehicle.
Gaylord says: "Get out of the way of my car!"
Richard says: "That's right, buddy."
Richard says: "Honk if you think I'm tonk."
Gumball says: "Oh, look."
Gumball says: "We've created a monster."
Darwin says: "Yeah, a really ripped one."
Richard says: "Say, which one of you two fine specimens is coming with me to the mall?"
Richard says: "People there are gonna wanna see me with my shirt off."
Gumball says: "Yeah, uh, I think we're gonna stay home."
Richard says: "I wasn't talking to you."
Richard says: "I was talking to these babies."
Richard kisses his biceps while photographing himself with a cellphone.
Gaylord says: "Aw, for cryin' out loud!"
Mr. Robinson backs his car up, then drives into Richard, carrying him away on top of the hood.
Gumball says: "We have to follow him."
Darwin says: "'Cause he's a danger to himself?"
Gumball says: "No, because there's a danger he'll embarrass us."
Vanity Insanity.
Mr. Robinson's car screeches to a halt in the Elmore Mall parking lot. Richard slides off and rolls into position for another photo.
Richard says: "Thanks for the lift."
Gaylord says: "Bah, I was tryin' to run you over."
Gumball and Darwin are racing to the mall on foot.
Gumball says: "How are we gonna know where he is?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "See?"
Darwin says: "Look at those puppies."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Not what I expected."
Gumball says: "That means he's at the pet store!"
Darwin says: "Oh!"
Darwin says: "Now he's at the nursery."
Darwin says: "What's he doing now?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Richard is at the food court, taking a selfie, when Hexagon Lady taps his shoulder.
Hexagon lady says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Hexagon lady says: "I'm really sorry to bother you, but—"
Richard says: "Hah, it's quite alright."
Richard says: "I get this all the time."
Richard says: "I'm ready for you to take my picture."
Hexagon lady says: "Umm..."
Richard says: "Don't worry, I've got this."
Hexagon lady says: "Uh, actually, um..."
Richard says: ""Chillin' with my fans."
Hexagon lady says: "Yeah, I just wanted to see if you were using this chair?"
Richard says: "You mean this chair?"
Hexagon lady says: "You know what?"
Hexagon lady says: "Don't worry about it."
Richard says: "You could take this table if you like."
Hexagon lady says: "Yeah, uh, never mind."
She heads off-screen as Richard takes another picture. Gumball and Darwin arrive at the mall.
Gumball says: "Where is he?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "He's in Paris?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "London?"
Darwin says: "New Jersey?"
Gumball says: "Oh, he's at the travel agents, by the fountain!"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Next to the fountain, Alan kisses a coin at the end of his string.
Alan​​​ says: "I wish for a world in which everyone can live together in peace and harmony."
Richard says: "Don't worry, kid!"
Richard says: "I'll rescue that coin!"
He leaps up and dives into the fountain, then emerges and shakes off some water. His fur glows from the backlighting, as Delibes' "Flower Duet" is heard in the background.
Hot Dog Guy​​​ says: "How is he doing that?"
Alison says: "And why?"
Richard grabs a water bottle from a passerby and pours it out over his body, after which he returns the coin to Alan.
Richard says: "Be more careful next time, big guy."
Alan​​​ says: "Uhh, thanks?"
Alan​​​ says: "I guess that means no world peace."
Gumball and Darwin reach the fountain.
Gumball says: "Where did he go?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "The parking lot!"
Feel the Heat.
In the parking garage, Richard is strutting toward the camera with a rubber tire in each hand as upbeat music plays.
Music says: "Work it, work it."
Music says: "Put your back into it now."
Music says: "I'm gonna make that body work, make that body work—"
Bandage Paramedic says: "Hey, buddy, where ya goin' with my tires?!"
Bandage Paramedic says: "!"
Richard runs off, taking the tires with him.
Bandage Paramedic says: "Hey, stop!"
Bandage Paramedic says: "That guy has to be stopped!"
Gumball and Darwin enter the garage.
Bandage Paramedic says: "I mean, his abs are phenomenal, but he has got to be stopped!"
Ambulance Radio says: "We have a fire on West Elmore Boulevard."
Ambulance Radio says: "Wait, there's a guy, he's taking the hose."
Ambulance Radio says: "Sir, he's..."
Ambulance Radio says: "he's posing with the hose!"
Ambulance Radio says: "Sir, sir?!"
Ambulance Radio says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh, m-maybe it's not him?"
Ambulance Radio says: "Look at the size of those biceps!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, it's definitely him."
At the scene of the fire, Richard has the hose wrapped around his shoulder. His back to the burning house, he is showing off to the gathered crowd and firemen.
Hank says: "Sir, for pity's sake, I need the hose to put out the fire!"
Karen says: "There might be people in there!"
George says: "He stole my helmet!"
Mike says: "You join us here as our brave fire department are prevented from doing their job by a local jerk."
A siren wails; Doughnut Sheriff drives up and gets out of the police cruiser.
Donut Sheriff says: "Sir, stop posing with the fire hose or I'll have to use this!"
Richard ignores him and takes yet another selfie.
Donut Sheriff says: "I warned you!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "It's just making his abs more defined."
Karen says: "Magnificent!"
Hank says: "Everything we try just makes him more beautiful."
George says: "You'd feel so safe in those arms."
Gumball and Darwin appear, ducking under the barricade.
Darwin says: "Dad, stop!"
Gumball says: "You're taking this too far!"
Gumball says: "You've become vain!"
Gumball says: "Remember what's important to you!"
Gumball says: "What means more to you than anything else?"
Darwin says: "Yes, remember your family!"
Gumball says: "No, food!"
Gumball says: "Remember food!"
Mike says: "You join us here as a local hero has put out a house fire without the aid of our useless fire department."
Mike says: "Who needs firemen, anyway?"
Richard, Gumball, and Darwin are standing by an ambulance.
Richard says: "I'm sorry, kids."
Richard says: "I guess I went a bit too far."
Richard says: "Let me make it up to you."
Richard says: "Who wants pizza?"
Richard says: "And after that, we can go for Mexican."
Richard says: "And after that, we can go for Chinese."
Richard says: "Oh, and we should get a burrito too, and maybe some ice cream."
The three stroll into the distance.
Richard says: "You know what?"
Richard says: "I could also really go for a taco right now."
Richard says: "There's this place I know where they toast the tacos first."
Richard says: "Then, maybe a burger."
The episode ends.