Neighborhood.
The episode starts with Ocho running on the sidewalk, panting. Gumball and Darwin suddenly walk by him in a hurry as well.
Ocho says: "You're late too?!"
Ocho says: "!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, the alarm clock went back to sleep mode, and I didn't have the heart to wake it up."
Gumball says: "You?"
Ocho says: "My alarm clock didn't dare wake me up, not after what I did to the last one!"
Gumball says: "Right, uh, well, see you at school!"
Frightened, Gumball and Darwin increase their speed, leaving Ocho behind.
It's Mario!
The school bell rings. Gumball and Darwin rush past the lockers and are surprised to see that Ocho is already there.
Gumball says: "How did you get here first?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Ocho says: "Yeah, my Uncle Mario gave me a lift."
Gumball says: "What, in his go-kart?"
Ocho says: "Nah, he only races at the weekend."
Ocho says: "During the week, he's too busy with his plumbing business."
Gumball says: "Wait, is he scared of ghosts, by any chance?"
Ocho says: "Yeah."
Gumball says: "And he likes stars, dinosaurs, and princesses?"
Ocho says: "Mm."
Gumball says: "And he's your uncle?"
Ocho says: "Yeah."
Ocho says: "So?"
Gumball says: "Marry me!"
Teri and Masami pass by on the other side of the hall, hinting at a bet they made regarding Gumball.
Teri says: "Called it."
Masami says: "Guess I owe you twenty bucks."
Gumball says: "No, okay, I get it."
Gumball says: "I'm moving too fast."
Gumball says: "I meant adopt me."
Ocho says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Date!"
Gumball says: "Uh, should we d-date first?"
Ocho says: "You mean you want to be friends?"
Gumball says: "Best friends!"
Ocho says: "Uh, okay..."
Ocho hovers away, and the camera zooms in on Gumball.
Gumball says: "The rest will follow naturally."
Darwin says: "Gumball, it's a bad idea to manipulate someone's feelings for your own gain."
Darwin says: "Especially if that someone's Ocho."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I get your point, but on the other hand..."
Gumball says: "Mario!"
Darwin says: "Let's just take a moment to remember what Ocho's like when he's angry."
Gumball and Darwin start to ponder; In their imagination, Tobias is walking down the school hallway when he accidentally bumps into Ocho. Suspenseful music starts to play as they lock eyes. Tobias runs around a corner and hits a dead end, then turns toward Ocho, who is silently inching closer. Their faces are almost touching when the vision ends.
Gumball says: "Eh, he's not that bad if you think about it with different music."
Gumball and Darwin re-imagine the same scenario, but with the gentle strumming of an acoustic guitar to the tune of "Here to Stay" by Amanda Fama.
Darwin says: "You'll regret this."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but my tombstone will say,  "This dude met Mario."
Ocho says: "Follow me!"
Ocho says: "I need to test you before you can enter my circle of trust."
Gumball says: "Okay, where do we start?"
Ocho says: "I need to see if you've got my back in a fight."
Stuck in a Fight.
Gumball starts getting nervous and exchanges glances with Darwin, who is smirking back at him. Ocho is already in an altercation with Julius, the Rotten Cupcake, and Scythe, by the time Gumball timidly strolls into the gym.
Julius says: "I'm gonna punch you so hard, you're gonna beg for your baby teeth back!"
Ocho says: "Yeah?"
Ocho says: "Well, I'm gonna punch you so hard, it'll make the Big Bang seem like the Little Pop!"
Gumball says: "How did this situation escalate so quickly?"
Gumball says: "I was literally two steps behind you!"
Julius says: "Get them!"
Ocho dodges a punch from Julius and knocks him down with a blow from above. Scythe jumps at him next, but is easily swatted away. Meanwhile, Gumball is cowering with his arms shielding his face. The Rotten Cupcake approaches him and growls.
Gumball says: "Okay, don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you."
Gumball says: "I'm just gonna take a swing, and you just go, "Aah!"
Gumball says: "" and take a fall and we're good, all right?"
The Rotten Cupcake kicks Gumball in the groin, and he drops to the floor in pain.
Gumball says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: "So next, I—"
He continues to beat up Gumball by slamming a trashcan over his head, repeatedly striking its side with a broom handle.
Gumball says: "So now I'm gonna pretend to kick."
Gumball says: "You dodge, and then pretend to fall on a right hook."
Still wearing the trashcan, Gumball moves forward while kicking and punching the air, taking the Rotten Cupcake by surprise.
Rotten Cupcake says: "What?"
The Rotten Cupcake backs away and trips over the broom. Falling against the bench of a lat pulldown machine, he briefly pulls on the handlebar, causing the connected weights to rise. They come crashing down directly on top of him, after which Gumball removes the trashcan. His face bruised and swollen, he watches what remains of the Rotten Cupcake stagger toward him and collapse.
Gumball says: "Uh, yeah!"
Gumball says: "That-That's what you get!"
Ocho says: "Very good, but we're not done yet."
Gumball says: "Good job."
Gumball says: "You really sold it."
Rotten Cupcake says: "Please call an ambulance."
Gumball says: "Okay, now you're just being hammy."
Ocho's Real Name.
Gumball and Ocho are in the library, sitting on opposite sides of a table.
Ocho says: "Now I need to test if you keep a secret."
Ocho says: "Ocho isn't my real name."
Ocho says: "This is my real name."
Gumball says: "Harry Tootmorsel."
Ocho says: "But real friends don't laugh at each other's misfortune."
Gumball says: "Of course, Tootmorsel..."
Gumball says: "Is it Nordic?"
Ocho says: "Old Flemish, actually."
Ocho says: "It means "the hot wind from the south."
Ocho says: "" It's a family name that's been passed down the generations."
Ocho says: "My grandfather passed it."
Ocho says: "My father passed it."
Ocho says: "One day, I will pass it."
Gumball continues to withhold his laughter, resulting in his head swelling and turning red. His eyeballs pop from their sockets, and he pulls them back in, returning to normal.
Gumball says: "Cool secret."
Gumball says: "Anything else?"
Ocho says: "I still sleep with the blanket I had as a baby."
Gumball says: "Awww!"
Ocho says: "I use it as a gag when I take people's pets hostage."
Gumball waits for him to finish, but is met with awkward silence.
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Money and Credit Cards.
The bell rings. Gumball reunites with Darwin by the lockers.
Darwin says: "Why did you agree to lend Ocho a hundred dollars?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Because it was another one of his tests."
Darwin says: "That's not a valid reason."
Gumball says: "Because..."
Gumball says: "Mario."
Darwin says: "That's even worse!"
Darwin says: "Anyway, where'd you get the money from?"
Darwin says: "Even mom and dad don't have a hundred dollars."
Gumball says: "Not anymore they don't."
Ocho comes on-screen briefly, and snatches the money. Darwin shakes his head in disapproval.
Gumball says: "But, that's what credit cards are for, right?"
Gumball says: "What's the worst that could happen?"
Scene cuts to Elmore Shopping; Richard is at the checkout counter with Larry.
Larry says: "So one-hundred expired doughnuts comes to..."
Larry says: "one dollar."
Richard says: "Bargain!"
Richard says: "Oh, better put it on the credit card."
Larry says: "The card's been declined, sir."
Richard says: "What?"
Larry says: "I'm afraid I'm gonna have to cut it up."
Richard says: "Ohh, this couldn't get any worse."
Larry says: "But, we have our own store credit-card scheme that lets you borrow as much as you like."
Larry says: "With interest, of course."
Richard says: "Fine!"
Larry Thank you. Swipes the new card According to our interest scheme, you now owe us seventy-five hundred and seventy-eight dollars.
Richard says: "This really couldn't get any worse."
Larry says: "Unfortunately, the interest rate doubles every second, so you now owe us fifteen-thousand one-hundred and fifty-six dollars."
Larry says: "Thirty-thousand three-hundred and twelve dollars, sixty-thousand six-hundred and twenty-four dollars—"
Richard says: "Touché, universe."
Richard says: "Touché."
Larry says: "One-hundred and twenty-one thousand two-hundred and forty-eight dollars."
Kidnapping.
After school, Gumball gets off the bus and walks along the sidewalk while whistling. A sack is placed on his head, and he finds himself trapped in a speeding vehicle.
Gumball says: "Gah!"
Gumball says: "Aah!"
Gumball says: "What is this?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What is going on?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Masked Voice says: "You took my best friend from me!"
Gumball says: "Who are you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What do you want?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The vehicle comes to stop.
Masked Voice says: "You took Ocho from me!"
Masked Voice says: "Now you're gonna have to make a choice."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?!"
Gumball says: "!"
The bag still over his head, Gumball is brought to what appears to be the edge of a building.
Masked Voice says: "Choose between yourself and Ocho."
Masked Voice says: "One of you has to go."
Masked Voice says: "Option A: Jump, and I spare him."
Masked Voice says: "Option B: Don't jump, and he goes down."
Masked Voice says: "So what's your answer?"
Gumball says: "Y-Yes."
Masked Voice says: ""Yes" what?!"
Masked Voice says: "!"
Masked Voice says: "What?!"
Masked Voice says: "!"
Masked Voice says: "Hold on, let me get closer."
Masked Voice says: "I can't hear a word of what you're saying."
Gumball says: "Ha!"
Gumball says: "You fell into my trap!"
Masked Voice says: "I'm on the other side."
Gumball says: "Aw."
Masked Voice says: "Fine."
Masked Voice says: "You've made your choice."
Masked Voice says: "Make your decision!"
Masked Voice says: "It's him or you!"
Masked Voice says: "You're running out of time!"
Masked Voice says: "Choose, NOW!"
Gumball jumps from the ledge and screams, but only falls several feet.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Masked Voice says: "Good choice."
Gumball removes the sack, discovering that the whole thing was a setup done by Ocho at an outdoor skatepark.
Ocho says: "Also, funny prank, right?"
Gumball sweats, his face twitching, as he experiences traumatizing flashbacks.
The Circle of Trust.
Gumball and Ocho return to the school gymnasium. The room is dark, save for the glow of numerous candles arranged in a large ring. The two of them step into the center.
Gumball says: "Um, what's this?"
Ocho says: "The circle of trust."
Ocho says: "To complete the ritual, you must forsake all other friends and declare your loyalty to me alone."
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Ocho says: "You must sacrifice Darwin."
Gumball looks horrified, and suspenseful music plays. In the hallway, he creeps up behind Darwin with the hammer ready to strike, but uses it instead to nail up a picture of him and Ocho. Darwin is displeased as he reads the caption.
Darwin says: ""Darwin is no longer my best friend."
Darwin says: "Best friendship is begun with Ocho?"
Darwin says: "" Uh, ouch."
Gumball says: "Trust me."
Gumball says: "It's way better than what he suggested I use this for."
Gumball says: "And this was the final hoop I had to jump through to be friends with that nut case."
Gumball says: "You know you'll always be my bae..."
Darwin says: "And you'll always be my boo."
Gumball says: "Your friendship gets me through the trials of the day, and through the darkness of the evening too."
Darwin says: "Your friendship gets me through the trials of the day, and through the darkness of the evening too."
Gumball says: "Woooooooooooooooo."
Darwin says: "Woooooooooooooooo."
Darwin says: "All right, then, so when do you get to see Mario?"
Gumball says: "Apparently, he's taking me and Ocho for golf!"
Gumball says: "I mean, that's probably the most boring game you can play with Mario, but still."
Gumball says: "Yahoo!"
The school bell rings. Gumball leaps straight up, his appearance becoming pixelated.
Gumball says: "Let's a go!"
Gumball runs though Elmore while pretending to be in a video game, providing the music and sound effects a cappella. Jumping on Alison, he takes her hat and kicks it at William. It knocks his wings off, which Gumball uses to hop over a barricade. He enters an open manhole, then exits another, covered in filth.
Gumball says: "Da-bop-a-doo gross."
Gumball jumps along the sidewalk in front of some shops, squashing Susan Benson and bashing his head on several hanging signs.
Gumball says: "Budda-ba shouldn't have done that."
Gumball says: "Wah, ha, wahoo!"
He grabs the top of a flagpole and slides down, arriving at the miniature golf course. His appearance returns to normal.
Gumball says: "Hey, man!"
Ocho says: "Oh, hey, dude."
Ocho says: "This is my uncle."
An obese humanoid wearing a red shirt and blue overalls turns around, but he is not quite what Gumball was expecting.
Mario says: "Hey, it's me, Mario."
Gumball says: "Uh."
This Friendship Is Over!
The scene changes to the Wattersons' house. Gumball is in the bathroom, using a toothbrush to scrub his eyes.
Darwin says: "You must be really disappointed it wasn't the real Mario."
Darwin says: "Still, makes sense."
Darwin says: "I mean, any guy would like go-karting, stars, and princesses."
Gumball says: "I think I'm more upset about the amount of butt he flashed every time he picked up the ball."
Gumball says: "It looked like a huge purple apricot stuffed into a cheap pair of polyester pants."
The brothers enter their bedroom.
Darwin says: "So what now?"
Gumball says: "I refuse to hang out with a kid whose own parents have to lock their bedroom door to feel safe at night."
Darwin says: "Uh, how do you let someone that dangerous down?"
Gumball says: "Off the edge of a cliff."
Darwin says: "You mean that metaphorically, right?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, o-of course."
Darwin says: "How are you gonna break it to him?"
Gumball says: "A strongly worded letter!"
Darwin glares at him.
Gumball says: "A mildly worded poem?"
He shakes his head. Gumball sighs, and slow music starts playing in the background. As Gumball sings the ballad, various clips depicting Ocho's volatility are shown.
But we both know that would be a lie.
It's been a nightmare being your friend.
So it's time for this charade to end.
I can't say goodbye.
Cause you might grind me down into meat pie.
I'll tell the school that you've got avian flu.
So it'll be their job to get rid of you.
I hope they put you into quarantine.
Or lock you up until you turn eighteen.
So maybe then I'll never have to fear.
That you might suddenly bite off my ear.
Please don't bite off my ear.
I can't say goodbye.
My face will be too mangled to identify.
If I could get your house repossessed.
You'd be forced to relocate to your gran's in the Northwest.
I could get you arrested for stealing a car.
I could get you a job as a miner.
I could ship you in a crate to Qatar.
Or sell you as kebab to a dirty diner.
It's not real meat, anyway.