Ghost in the Wattersons' House.
Richard is seen sleeping. Then he wakes up to the sound of thunder and gets scared.
Richard says: "Is that you, tooth fairy?"
Richard hears a moan and then screams.
Richard says: "Aaaaaah!"
Richard says: "It's a ghost!"
Richard says: "It's a ghost!"
Richard says: "It's a gho—"
Nicole wakes up and sighs; she turns on a music box and Richard falls asleep, calmed by the stars that come from the music box.
Breakfast.
Gumball, Darwin, and Anais are having breakfast. Gumball pours some Daisy Flakes into his bowl.
Gumball says: "Mom, I need more!"
Nicole says: "But that's your fifth box."
Gumball says: "Well, it's because..."
Gumball says: "I'm growing?"
Nicole says: "Well, can you try to grow slower?"
Nicole says: "This is costing me a fortune."
Nicole sighs, then opens the cupboard door, revealing Richard being squeezed inside, who then hands the box to Nicole.
Nicole says: "Thanks."
Nicole says: "Richard, what are you doing in the cupboard?"
Richard says: "I'm hiding from the ghost."
Richard says: "THIS HOUSE IS HAUNTED!"
Nicole says: "Okaaay..."
Nicole says: "I'm closing the door now."
Gumball says: "Thanks, Mom!"
Gumball starts pouring Daisy Flakes into his pants.
Anais says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "Follow me and all will be revealed."
A Surprise in the Attic.
Gumball leads Darwin and Anais to the attic.
Gumball says: "I've got something AMAZING to show you."
Darwin says: "Whoa!"
Darwin says: "A sheet!"
Gumball says: "No, Darwin."
Gumball says: "Something even better!"
Gumball pulls off the sheet to reveal Mr. Robinson under it.
Darwin says: "Mr."
Anais says: "Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson?"
Anais says: "Robinson?"
Gumball says: "Yep!"
Gumball says: "I found him in the shed, so I put him up here in the attic, where I've provided him with..."
Gumball says: "a queen-sized bed."
Anais says: "Do you realize what keeping a fifty-year-old man in these conditions is called?"
Darwin says: "Love?"
Anais says: "Kidnapping."
Anais walking out of the attic.
Anais says: "And I want nothing to do with it!"
Anais slams the attic door and leaves.
Gumball says: "Don't worry, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson."
Gumball says: "We will never abandon you!"
Gumball and Darwin hug Mr. Robinson.
Darwin says: "What was he doing in the shed?"
Gumball says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "He hasn't said a word since I found him."
Darwin says: "He looks kinda..."
Camera zooms onto Mr. Robinson's sad face.
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "broken."
Gumball and Darwin starts comforting Mr. Robinson.
Gumball says: "It's okay, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson."
Gumball says: "I know just what will cheer you up!"
Cheering Up Mr. Robinson.
Scene shows sad Mr. Robinson wearing a party hat and blower.
Gumball says: "And now, ladies and gentleman!"
Gumball says: "For tonight only, I give you..."
Gumball slides onto stage.
Gumball says: "Me."
Darwin says: "WHOA!"
Darwin says: "This guy's good!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "Now, what do you call.."
Gumball says: "THIS?"
Darwin and Mr. Robinson stare at him.
Gumball says: "That's right!"
Gumball says: "A pea on a fork!"
Darwin says: "His head is the pea."
Darwin says: "His head is the pea!"
Darwin laughs hysterically while smacking Mr. Robinson's back, causing him to blow his party blower.
Darwin says: "Funny."
Gumball says: "And now, what's this?"
Gumball raises his arms and starts moving his hip up and down, while the clueless Darwin stares at him.
Gumball says: "It's a butt—"
Gumball says: "in an elevator!"
Darwin laughs hysterically again and tries smacking Mr. Robinson's back again, but slaps his own mouth instead as Mr. Robinson is gone.
Darwin says: "Ow!"
Darwin says: "Huh?"
Missing Mrs. Robinson.
Mr. Robinson walks towards the window to realize that Mrs. Robinson is checking her mailbox. Mrs. Robinson notices Mr. Robinson, and then Mrs. Robinson angrily stomps away.
Gaylord says: "Why?"
Gaylord says: "Why..."
Gaylord says: "?"
Scene changes to the living room where Richard is beginning to enjoy his hot dog.
Gaylord says: "WHYYYYYY?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Richard, in shock, accidentally squeezes his hot dog sausage off to the ceiling, causing him to turn angry.
Richard says: "ENOUGH!"
Richard says: "You can ruin my sleep, you can terrorize my family, but you will not stop me from eating..."
Richard says: "my SAUSAGE!"
Back in the attic.
Gumball says: "Cheer up, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "You know what I do when I'm feeling a bit low?"
Gumball says: "I look at this."
Gumball shows Mr. Robinson a picture of a funny looking cat; however, Mr. Robinson shows no sign of happiness.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "Hey, look what I found!"
Shows the ElectroFAT machine.
Gumball says: "ElectroFAT!"
Gumball says: "Gets you fit while you watch TV!"
Gumball says: "I think this might help!"
Gumball says: "It says here: "Promotes health and happiness."
Gumball says: "Side-effects may include electrocution, hair loss, hair gain, depression, euphoria, black-outs, amnesia.."
Gumball says: "" blah blah blah.."
Gumball says: "AH HA HA!"
Gumball says: ""Get results fast!"
Gumball and Darwin start placing pads from the machine onto Mr. Robinson.
Darwin says: "Well, this is exactly what you need!"
Gumball says: "Okay, now."
Gumball says: "Power it up!"
Gumball turns on the machine while it is working on Mr. Robinson, causing him to continuously twitch.
Gumball says: "Look, he's moving!"
Gumball says: "It's working!"
Mr. Robinson continues to twitch.
Darwin says: "He's asking for more!"
Darwin says: "Turn it up!"
Gumball increases the power of the machine, causing Mr. Robinson to twitch even faster. The power supply starts to overcharge.
Gumball says: "He's smiling, he's smiling!"
Darwin says: "He's smiling, he's smiling!"
Gumball increases the power of the machine to its limit, causing Mr. Robinson to twitch vigorously, while the power supply starts to release static.
Below the attic, Richard is setting up traps to catch the "poltergeist".
Nicole says: "Richard, what are you doing?"
Nicole says: "AHH!"
Nicole gets stuck on the trap while the power goes off.
Richard says: "AHH!"
Richard says: "NICOLE!"
Richard says: "NICOLE!"
Richard says: "NICOLE!"
Richard says: "WHERE ARE YOU?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "NICOOOOLE!"
The power goes back on.
Nicole says: "I'm here."
Nicole says: "Richard, can you tell me why I'm hanging upside down?"
Richard says: "Because this place is haunted, and I need to set more traps!"
Nicole sighs.
Plan B?
Back in the attic, Gumball and Darwin cough from the smoke while scene shows that Mr. Robinson got electrocuted from the machine.
Darwin says: "Does he look happy?"
Gumball says: "Nah, he looks more like a bulldog staring at the sun, don't you think?"
Gumball shows a picture of a bulldog staring up.
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Gumball says: "Let's try to remember the last time he looked happy."
Gumball and Darwin thinking.
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah!"
Gumball says: "That was the day you learned how to tie your shoelaces."
Scene flashbacks to the day Darwin learned how to tie his shoelaces, which he then accidentally tied the shoelaces from both shoes together, causing him to fall on his face while the automatic door starts closing on him.
Darwin says: "Oww."
Darwin says: "Oww."
Darwin says: "OWW!"
Darwin says: "OWW!"
Mr. Robinson starts laughing hysterically at the demise of Darwin; flashback ends.
Darwin says: "Ahh..."
Darwin says: "the smile on his face!"
Darwin says: "I'll treasure that memory forever!"
Gumball says: "That's it, Darwin!"
Gumball says: "He finds happiness in the suffering of others!"
Gumball says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Gumball and Darwin are about to start beating themselves up in front of Mr. Robinson.
Gumball says: "Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "Look at this!"
Gumball says: "Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Gumball says: "AH, it's funny 'cause it hurts!"
Gumball says: "Ah, ha, right, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Camera shows that Mr. Robinson is still not happy.
Gumball says: "Err..."
Darwin says: "You gotta put more heart into it, LIKE THIS!"
Darwin hits himself in the face with a wooden baseball bat and faints. Back below the attic, Richard equips himself with a portable vacuum cleaner. Richard starts gasping for air after rolling up the stairs and then starts to prepare for attack.
Nicole says: "Richard, honey, can you help me down please?"
Richard says: "And I will not lose another one!"
Nicole says: "But who are you fighting?"
Richard says: "The ghost, of course!"
Back in the attic, Gumball still continues to beat himself up with a pan on his hand while crawling to Mr. Robinson.
Gumball says: "Hey, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson..."
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball hits his face with the pan.
Gumball says: "Is he smiling yet..."
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Nope..."
Nicole says: "Richard."
Nicole says: "RICHARD."
Loss of Anger.
Richard and Nicole start arguing below the attic. Richard is arguing without taking a breath, whereby his face turned red.
Nicole says: "Richard, by all means, be hysterical, but don't forget to breathe!"
Richard then starts to take a deep breath, and then starts arguing again. This time, both of them are quarreling, while Mr. Robinson, Gumball, and Darwin looked at them. Mr. Robinson then smiles mildly.
Gaylord says: "Ahhh, Margaret and I used to argue like that."
Gaylord says: "Sometimes up to six times a day."
Scene starts to show a montage of Mr. Robinson's daily routine with Mrs. Robinson.
Gaylord says: "From first thing in the morning to last thing at night."
Gaylord says: "In the kitchen, in the backyard, in the car."
Gaylord says: "Occasionally, we'd do it in public."
Gaylord says: "Once, even while we were sleeping."
Scene changes back to the entrance to the attic.
Gumball says: "But what happened?"
Gaylord says: "I don't know, something changed."
Scene reverts back to the montage.
Gaylord says: "And one day, she said the spark had gone, and asked me to leave."
Scene shows Mrs. Robinson chasing Mr. Robinson out of the house, while he sadly walks away. Scene then changes back to the entrance of the attic.
Gaylord says: "That's when you found me in the shed."
Gumball says: "So THAT'S what's wrong with Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "He's lost his anger!"
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball pushes Mr. Robinson's eyebrows downwards to show his angry expression.
Darwin says: "Oh yeah!"
Darwin says: "That looks more like it!"
Gumball says: "We're gonna sort this out!"
Gaylord says: "How?"
Gumball says: "Leave that to us!"
Gumball says: "But first, we're gonna get you outta here!"
Getting Back Your Anger.
Back down the attic, Richard holds a paper bag while breathing on it.
Nicole says: "Breathe in, breathe out."
Nicole says: "Breathe in..."
In the attic, Gumball and Darwin try to safely help Mr. Robinson down to the backyard.
Gaylord says: "Are you sure about this?"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, you're in safe hands!"
Gumball says: "Ready?"
Down below the attic, Richard continues to breathe into the paper bag. After the which, Richard and Nicole see Mr. Robinson, not knowing he was under the sheet, falling down to the backyard. Both of them are shocked, and Richard screams in terror, then wielding his vacuum cleaner in anger.
Richard says: "ENOUGH!"
Mr. Robinson then faints at the backyard, with the sheet then covering him; scene changes to the Robinsons' backyard where Mrs. Robinson is watering her flowers, after which she cuts off one of her flowers and laughs wickedly.
Gumball says: "Hmm, I'm not sure what he sees in that woman."
Gumball says: "But anyway, come on, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "Let's show her you still got it!"
Darwin removes the sheet from Mr. Robinson, the group preparing to perform.
Gumball says: "Okay, now, go ballistic."
Gaylord says: "I can't, kids."
Gaylord says: "I'm not that man anymore."
Gumball says: "Then we'll do it for you."
Gumball and Darwin start moving Mr. Robinson's arms and mouth while shouting at Mrs. Robinson.
Mrs. Robinson opens up the gate to reveal Gumball and Darwin holding up Mr. Robinson's arms, while Mr. Robinson's eyebrows go back up.
Darwin says: "Wanna make out?"
Mrs. Robinson then slams the gate and stomps away angrily.
Gumball and Darwin run away while Richard hits Mr. Robinson under the sheet and Mr. Robinson yelps in pain.
Richard says: "This is for attacking my kids!"
Richard says: "And THIS."
Richard says: "IS."
Richard says: "FOR."
Richard says: "MY."
Richard says: "SAUSAGE!"
Gumball says: "DAD!"
Darwin says: "DAD!"
Gumball and Darwin start trying to stop Richard from hitting Mr. Robinson.
Richard says: "No, get out of my way—"
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Gumball says: "Stop it!"
Gumball says: "It's Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Gumball then accidentally hits Mr. Robinson with the end of the rake, and Mr. Robinson groans in pain.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Mrs. Robinson then shows up with a suitcase full of Mr. Robinson's clothes. She throws the clothes out of the suitcase to him and then throws the suitcase at him, hurting him once more, which makes him start thinking of the moments that happened that day. After remembering the picture of the funny looking cat Gumball showed him earlier, he went into rage, causing his glasses to crack.
Angry Mr. Robinson.
Richard says: "Show yourself, ghost of Mr."
Richard says: "Robinson!"
Richard then removes the end of the vacuum cleaner and uses the barrel to suck the sheet off Mr. Robinson, revealing himself, also getting his nose stuck onto the barrel.
Richard says: "Hey, what's up, neighbor?"
Gaylord says: "I've had enough of this family..."
Mr. Robinson plugs out the barrel off his nose and started shouting.
Gaylord says: "Your tacky lifestyle."
Gaylord says: "Your ugly house."
Gaylord says: "Your cheap darted shed!"
Gaylord says: "I'LL SMASH IT TO PIECES!"
Mr. Robinson starts banging the shed with his fists, while Gumball, Darwin, Richard, and Mrs. Robinson stare at him.
Gaylord says: "It's more solid than I thought."
Gaylord says: "BUT THIS IS WHAT I'LL DO TO YOUR UNFASHIONABLE DUCT CHAIRS!"
Mr. Robinson steps on the duct chair, only to get his leg stuck between it.
Gaylord says: "—"
Gaylord says: "BUY TWICE!"
Gaylord says: "AND THIS!"
Gaylord says: "..."
Mr. Robinson starts laughing diabolically.
Gaylord says: "I'M BACK!"
Gaylord says: "And as for you!"
Gumball says: "Yay!"
Darwin says: "Yay!"
Gumball says: "Welcome back, Mr."
Darwin says: "Welcome back, Mr."
Gumball says: "Robinson!"
Darwin says: "Robinson!"
Gaylord says: "Thanks."
Gumball says: "So, since we saved your marriage and everything, I guess that makes us best friends forever?"
Darwin says: "So can we call you Gaylord instead of Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson?"
Gaylord says: "Don't push it, kid."
Gaylord says: "Now, take me home, woman!"
Mr. Robinson jumps onto Mrs. Robinson's arms, and she happily carries him back into the Robinsons' house.
Richard says: "What was that all about?"
Gumball says: "Well, there never was a ghost, dad."
Darwin says: "It was Mr."
Darwin says: "Robinson!"
Gumball says: "We hid him in the attic!"
Richard says: "No, I mean what's wrong with our house, our shed, and my tie?"
Gumball says: "Dad, you know what I do when I feel like a loser?"
Gumball says: "I look at this."
Gumball shows Richard a picture of a hamster lifting a barbell.
Richard says: "Two-dollar clip-on tie."
Richard says: "At least I know how to treat my wife!"
Back below the attic, Nicole is biting off the rope trap off her, causing her to fall off of it. She sighs, dusts herself off, and tries to walk off the trapped area, only to get hung upside down again by another of Richard's traps.
Nicole says: "AHH!"
Nicole says: "RICHARRR—"
Episode ends.