A Strange Noise.
At school, the bell rings as Gumball and Darwin walk down the hall. A faint groaning sound is heard, making them both stop.
Gumball says: "Can you hear that?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "It sounds like the sea, but more purple."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "No."
Darwin says: "You're right."
Darwin says: "It's more like the sound of Christmas, but, like, in the desert."
Gumball says: "What does that even mean?"
Darwin says: "Yeah."
Darwin says: "It's more like the sound of a cell phone  grabbing onto an ice cream cake."
Gumball says: "Ohhhh."
Gumball says: "Darwin Watterson is making a joke."
Darwin says: "Yeah, we should probably just see what it is."
Gumball gives him an angry look.
Teachers' Misery.
Gumball and Darwin peek into the teachers' lounge to see Mr. Small groaning, facing a window. They come in.
Gumball says: "What's wrong, Mr."
Gumball says: "Small?"
Mr. Small looks out of the window, which is wet, and sighs.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Will this rain never end?"
Darwin says: "I don't think that's rain."
A squeegee is shown being used by Rocky, who sees Mr. Small and climbs down the ladder.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I meant the metaphorical rain, in my soul."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I just realized there is nothing fulfilling about being a teacher."
Darwin says: "Oh, come on, I'm sure there's lots to like."
Darwin says: "Hey, Coach!"
Darwin says: "What's your favorite thing about teaching?"
Coach  Russo says: "Watching the minutes tick by until the day I can retire."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "Miss Simian?"
Lucy Simian says: "leaving my classroom."
Darwin says: "Principal Brown?"
Principal Brown is frantically ripping his hair out.
Nigel Brown says: "Free coffee!"
Gumball says: "What could possibly have made you all feel like that?"
Coach  Russo says: "Children!"
Lucy Simian says: "Children!"
Nigel Brown says: "Children!"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Children!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Ya see?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I came here to shape minds, challenge perceptions, and be remembered as the single greatest teacher that ever lived."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Is that too much to ask?"
Gumball says: "Yes."
Gumball says: "I mean, whatever Darwin wants me to say."
Darwin says: "I don't want us to be the ones to crush this poor man's spirit."
Gumball sighs.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "When I first came to Elmore Junior High, I wanted to inspire troubled kids from difficult backgrounds."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I don't suppose either of you are in an illegal street gang."
Gumball says: "He's on the synchronized swimming team, does that count?"
Mr. Small shakes his head, groans again, and sinks to the floor. Darwin motions for Gumball to do something. Gumball shrugs. Darwin motions again and Gumball sighs and goes to stroke Mr. Small's shoulder as the latter whimpers, rocking back and forth.
Gumball says: "Hm?"
Darwin says: "Uh-uh."
Gumball says: "Uhhh..."
He strokes Mr. Small's head and smiles awkwardly at Darwin.
Darwin says: "Eh."
Gumball says: "Umm..."
He hesitantly hugs Mr. Small.
Darwin says: "What the-- I mean ask him to inspire us."
Gumball says: "Couldn't you have just said that in the first place?"
Gumball says: "Please, sir, inspire us."
Darwin says: "Please, sir, inspire us."
Mr. Small grins.
Internet Advice.
Cut to Gumball, Darwin, and Mr. Small in his office.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "so I made these motivational quotes you get on the Internet."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Look."
Gumball says: ""There's no me in team unless you move the letters."
Gumball says: "" 'Kay..."
Click-click.
Darwin says: ""A smile is like a hug that your face gives to someone else's eyes."
Gumball says: "Right, do you have any, like, um, beginner's advice?"
Gumball says: "Sort of..."
Gumball says: "simpler, more kinda obvious ones that..."
Gumball says: "make sense?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Hmmmm..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Follow your dreams."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other uneasily.
Following Darwin's Dream.
Time lapse.
Gumball says: "Darwin, why are we doing this again?"
In the classroom, Gumball is naked wearing a leprechaun hat and Darwin has the water on.
Darwin says: "Tsk tsk tsk."
Darwin says: "In the dream, the naked leprechaun spoke backwards."
Gumball sighs.
Gumball says: "Again this doing we are why, Darwin?"
Darwin grins at Gumball with his thumbs up.
Darwin says: "I'm following my dream."
Darwin says: "Last night, I dreamed that I was in this classroom and there was a naked leprechaun talking backwards—"
Gumball says: "Humiliating is this."
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "and then they offered me a nut for a jar of tuna."
Gumball says: "A nut for a jar of tuna?"
Darwin says: "Backwards..."
Gumball says: "A..."
Gumball says: "nut for a jar of tuna."
Darwin says: "Huh."
Darwin says: "But then I woke up."
Darwin says: "So if I follow my dream to the end, I'll get to find out what happened next."
Gumball says: "Sense perfect makes this."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Okay, so while we wait for the room to fill up with water, I'll just climb on Abraham."
He does and the goat screams and bucks. It then runs around the room, knocking over desks. It bumps into Miss Simian's desk, causing Darwin to fly into the chalkboard. The goat runs out of the room.
Darwin says: "Wait!"
He slips and falls. He and Gumball exit the room. Mr. Small stands in a doorway.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "So, how's my advice working out for you guys?"
In the background, the goat runs and headbutts Tobias.
Darwin says: "Great."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Bad idea?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Hmm."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Impossible."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "There's no such thing as a bad idea."
Darwin says: "What do you mean?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "How would we have discovered milk if someone hadn't looked a cow's udder and said, "I'm gonna drink from that"?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Like I said, no such thing as a bad idea."
Gumball says: "That's another piece of advice, isn't it?"
In the background, the goat chases Sarah.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Mm-hmm."
Darwin says: "Thanks!"
He closes the door on him.
Trying an Idea.
Time lapse. The bell rings. Darwin pours gasoline onto the floor.
Gumball says: "I don't think this is gonna end well."
Darwin says: "Like he said, there's no such thing as a bad idea."
Darwin says: "How would scientists have invented the quadruple bypass if we hadn't first invented the quadruple cheeseburger?"
Gumball says: "I think you're missing the point."
Gumball says: "And I'm not so sure about the name."
Gumball says: ""Corislide"?"
Darwin says: "It makes perfect sense - it's a way to travel faster through school."
They both watch as Leslie and Anton slip and fall. Miss Simian comes out of her office, and slips, falling out of a window. Rocky tries mopping it up as Coach slides after him. They both fall down the stairs and Coach's body pins Banana Joe against the camera. Idaho tries to help Teri as she screams while slipping, getting torn in half.
Gumball says: "I don't think anything good is gonna come out of this."
A siren sounds as Bobert carries Teri away. A flashing light is on top of his head.
Darwin says: "How 'bout that?"
Darwin says: "We just created the robo-bulance."
Because of the flames coming out of Bobert's feet, the gasoline catches fire. Cut to the exterior of the school. An explosion is seen throughout the building.
Trying Laughter.
In Mr. Small's office, Gumball looks at Mr. Small angrily while Darwin grins, trying to stay positive.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Uhhh, is everything—"
Gumball lunges and furiously tries to attack him, but Darwin holds him back.
Darwin says: "We just..."
Darwin says: "we just wanted to say that your advice was very helpful."
Darwin says: "But we're great now, we don't need anymore."
Darwin says: "Thank you."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Uh, are you sure?"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Your little friend looks like he needs to perk up."
Gumball says: "You should tell that to the people in the infirmary."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Uh, nothing, nothing, nothing - he's just a little under the weather."
In the infirmary, several people are lying in hospital beds. The door opens and Darwin, who's dressed as a clown, stands in the doorway.
Gumball goes to Rocky and sighs at Darwin.
Gumball says: "Hey, hey, got your nose!"
Rocky says: "You found my nose?"
Rocky says: "The doctor said we could reattach it."
Gumball says: "Oh..."
Gumball says: "uh, no, I was..."
Darwin says: "Hey, hey, hey, hey!"
They begin to run away, but Gumball trips over a cord, disconnecting all of the IVs. They both panic and each pick one up.
Gumball says: "Which one goes where?"
Darwin says: "This one goes there!"
Gumball says: "Where?"
Gumball says: "Run."
Darwin throws Teri on the shelf and he and Gumball try to run, but can't due to the liquid.
Darwin says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "Me neither."
Gumball says: "Hold on."
He grabs onto Darwin, forming a wheel and they spin out.
Attempting to Tell the Truth.
Cut to outside of the classroom, which is still filling up with water. Gumball and Darwin walk past.
Gumball says: "Where are we going?"
Darwin says: "Back to Mr."
Darwin says: "Small's office."
Gumball says: "Wha—"
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "If his advice was a type of footwear, it'd be socks and sandals!"
Gumball says: "It's bad, his advice is bad."
Darwin says: "It's not about his advice, it's about having the consequences from it."
Darwin says: "I refuse to be the kid who breaks his positive spirit."
Gumball says: "Yeah, well, whatever."
Gumball says: "I'm not going back to his office."
Darwin opens Mr. Small's door.
Darwin says: "Too late; we're already there."
Gumball says: "I said, I'm not going."
He opens his eyes, looks down, and sighs. Darwin goes in and closes the door.
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Ah, children!"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "So, how did this day of inspirational advice go?"
Gumball says: "Pretty bad."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Oh, uh, haha, um..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "that's, um..."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I guess, maybe I should, uh, sho-should go back to my normal work."
He begins typing.
Darwin says: "As in bad, you know, good bad, like a bad skateboard trick or a bad new pair of fresh kicks, or a bad—"
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Gas?"
Gumball says: "No, that would be actually bad."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "But you meant I gave you good advice."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "Right?"
He looks at Gumball and Darwin, slowly tearing up.
Gumball says: "Yes."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "I knew it!"
He grabs a guitar and plays it.
Gumball says: "Hoh, man, that's never a good sign."
Take My Advice.
To educate is my desire.
And to that duty, I am bound.
He's walking on the gasoline, not moving.
Your minds are there to be inspired.
Camera reveals Colin, unconscious and cracked from the gasoline filled floor. Mr. Small is attempting to walk, but can't due to the floor being slippery, although he doesn't notice this. An unconscious Sarah slides into the lockers, and a splat sound can be heard.
To open your eyes to the world around.
Darwin says: "We can't let him see the chaos his advice caused."
Gumball and Darwin move Mr. Small down the hall where Anton, Clayton, and Jamie  have fallen from the gasoline, unconscious. As a result, Gumball and Darwin spin Mr. Small to prevent him from noticing them. Meanwhile, Alan and Carmen are hanging out normally with each other, unscathed.
And each mile goes much quicker.
If you walk it with pep.
Gumball kicks an unconscious Jamie away, leaving her sliding away on the floor. Mr. Small starts singing to Alan and Carmen.
Take my advice and you'll be glad that you do.
Gumball and Darwin sigh with relief, but then see Principal Brown and Miss Simian, having a conversation and looking upset. She sees them.
Your mind is like a parachute, it won't open when it's not open.
Lucy Simian says: "There they are!"
They both start angrily walking toward Gumball and Darwin, so Gumball makes a goat face and a goat call. The goat comes from behind Miss Simian and Principal Brown. It headbutts Principal Brown offscreen and headbutts a terrified Miss Simian against the locker, knocking her out.
Take my advice and you'll be glad that you do.
Gumball and Darwin notice that the goat is about to charge towards them, so they slide Mr. Small away and move away. The goat chases and headbutts Alan, popping him. Carmen attempts to run away, but the goat headbutts her against the locker, knocking her out. It then proceeds to repeatably stomp on Carmen with its front hooves.
Before you judge someone, walk a mile in their shoes.
Well, you might as well try it.
Moonchild Corneille says: "LOOOOOOOO--!"
Teri, Rocky, and Banana Joe are in the hallway on stretchers.
Joan says: "Sorry, Teri, I'm a nurse, not an artist, you're all going to the hospital now."
Joan says: "I'll call the ambulance."
She goes back into her office.
Gumball and Darwin notice the patients and try to prevent Mr. Small from knowing what's going on.
Open your ears, hearts, and eyes.
Gumball and Darwin turn the corner, get rid of the stretchers, and press Rocky and Teri against the walls. Darwin gets rid of Banana Joe's stretcher with him still on it.
I'm gonna give you all the gift of advice.
Banana Joe's stretcher rolls down the stairs.
Be the change you want in your world.
The stretcher hits the ambulance, making Banana Joe fly through it, and land on the ground. The ambulance takes off, running him over.
Take my advice and you'll be glad that you do.
And you know what doesn't kill you's only gonna make you stronger.
Gumball and Darwin hold up Rocky and Teri and rock them, making it look like they're dancing as Mr. Small walks past them.
If it turns out wrong, then it won't matter much longer.
Gumball and Darwin drop Teri and Rocky to the floor.
Tomorrow you'll be better than-.
Joan peeks out of her office.
Joan says: "Hey!"
The goat headbutts her back in. Mr. Small turns around.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "- you are today - Huh?"
Gumball says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Darwin says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Let me hear ya!"
Gumball says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Darwin says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Whoooooo!"
Mister Small​​​​​​ says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
He approaches the next hallway where the floor is on fire so Gumball and Darwin dance to distract him.
I've got plenty more advice, all you need to do is ask.
Gumball sneaks to the classroom door and opens it, letting the water pour out and douse the fire, taking him with. Mr. Small turns the corner.
So next time you feel lost, just pop into...
My class!
And that is my advice to you.
Darwin helps Gumball up.
My advice to you!
Gumball spits out water.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "And now for my last piece of advice for today, children: As you grow older, you'll..."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Never take any advice too literally."
Mr. Small walks away.
Gumball says: "Yeah, that would have been good advice to give us first."
He takes the Abraham Lincoln mask off of the goat and shows it to it. It screams and falls over. Episode ends.