A Headshot.
In the Elmore theatre, students are auditioning for roles in a play, dressed in costumes.
Teri says: "Four score and seven years ago, plus some more years, I was the first American president to have a beard."
Alan​ says: "They carved my face in the side of a mountain!"
Anton says: "I'm not a crook!"
Gumball is shown, dressed in a robin hood costume.
Gumball says: "I steal from the rich, and give to the poor!"
Mister Small​ says: "No, no, no!"
Mister Small​ says: "That's all wrong!"
Gumball says: "Oh, come on, Mr."
Gumball says: "Small!"
Gumball says: "This play needs more action."
Gumball says: "I mean, what do you think an audience would rather watch: a load of people going–  or me going–"IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM!"
Gumball whips out his belt, pretends to swing, and then shoot things.
Gumball says: "That's my secret, I'm always angry!"
Gumball becomes the Hulk, and his other acts make Mr. Small facepalm. He yells out familiar phrases from characters such as Ryu/Ken, Harry Potter, Liu Kang and then the announcer from Mortal Kombat, etc.
Gumball says: "Shoryuken!"
Gumball says: "Expecto patronum!"
Gumball eventually settles down with a bicycle kick.
Gumball says: "Gumball wins, fatality."
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Aw, come on, this play stinks!"
Gumball says: "I mean, Darwin doesn't even have a role."
Darwin is seen offstage.
Darwin says: "Sure, I do."
Darwin says: "If I don't flip this switch, nobody will be able to see the play!"
Gumball says: "Dude, you know when people say "I could do that job with my little finger"?"
Gumball says: "In your case, it's actually true."
Darwin says: "But, I only have one finger..."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Gumball, if you wanna be involved in the play, just audition properly like everyone else."
Gumball says: "I'm a serious actor."
Gumball says: "I don't audition."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Fine."
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Just leave me your headshot,  and go."
Gumball says: "Oh, so you want a headshot?"
Gumball says: "How's this for a headshot?"
With his toy bow and arrow, Gumball aims and fires at the bunch of headshot pictures that Mr. Small is carrying. Instead, he scores a direct hit on Mr. Small's forehead. The non-lethal arrow is left stuck to his head.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​ says: "Ow."
Gumball says: "I am so sorry."
Gumball says: "I–I was aiming at the headshot, I–I didn't mean it–oh, w–w–wait."
Gumball says: "I know how to fix this."
Mr. Small calms down, then continues to scream.
Three Months' Detention.
Gumball waits on a bench outside the principal's office.
Nigel Brown says: "You be more careful, next time."
The door opens, and Banana Joe walks out from the office.
Nigel Brown says: "Watterson..."
Gumball walks into the office.
Nigel Brown says: "You're in detention for the rest of the month."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Banana Joe just got a slap on the wrist for what he did!"
Nigel Brown says: "Banana Joe was running through the hall."
Nigel Brown says: "You shot an arrow into a teacher's head."
Gumball says: "Okay, you're making it sound bad."
Gumball says: "But, it was just an accident!"
Gumball says: "Here, l–lemme show you."
Gumball sits at the principal's desk, and starts using the objects on it for his demonstration.
Gumball says: "So, let's say the desk was the stage, and I'm the coffee cup, and Mr."
Gumball says: "Small was the gross portrait of Miss Simian."
Gumball posts some sticky notes on Miss Simian's mouth, and plays with a rubber band and paper clips.
Gumball inadvertently shoots the paper clip through Brown's glasses, and into one of his eyes. The principal falls down a window. Another paperclip bounces into a socket, and this causes a small explosion. The sprinkler system and fire alarm are activated.
Nigel Brown says: "Let's make it three months' detention!"
At the Schoolyard.
Gumball says: "Dude, I swear."
Gumball says: "Sometimes, I think the whole world is against me."
Gumball inserts a coin into a vending machine. When his bag of chips gets stuck, he repeatedly points at the chips and gestures to Darwin to emphasize his point.
Darwin says: "I don't know."
Gumball says: "Mistreated?"
Darwin says: "A little..."
Gumball says: "Cheated out of things I deserved?"
Gumball says: "Unjustifiably shunned?"
Darwin says: "I was kind of going more for a weeping sore of annoyance."
Gumball turns around, and sees Tobias about to buy from the vending machine.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Back off!"
Gumball says: "They're my chips!"
Gumball thrashes the vending machine like an insane person. When his chips finally come out, Gumball takes them, and glares at Tobias as he eats them. A frightened Tobias inserts a coin, and all the snacks come out of the vending machine. He snatches them all, and delightedly runs away laughing.
Gumball says: "Dude, I think I just understood why things never go my way."
Darwin says: "Finally."
Gumball says: "There's a secret society at school."
Darwin says: "I'm sorry."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Dude, think about it: I didn't get into the school play, but some people did; Joe got away with murder, when I got punished for almost nothing; and now, this!"
Gumball says: "I thought for a second it might be my fault."
Gumball says: "But, the evidence is overwhelming!"
Gumball says: "There is a secret society in this school, a corrupt circuit promoting inequality; a disgusting organization encouraging injustice and elitism–and I want in!"
At the Hallway.
Gumball and Darwin walk through a school hallway.
Gumball says: "Look around."
Gumball says: "They're everywhere."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Lockers?"
Gumball says: "No."
Gumball says: "Their secret signs."
Gumball says: "Signs you see on doors, doors you can never open..."
Gumball says: "SEE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball points at a door with the handicap symbol. Darwin gets up, looks, and slaps Gumball's arm.
Darwin says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Fair enough."
Gumball says: "Let's try secret handshakes first."
Darwin says: "Secret handshake?"
The bell rings, and Principal Brown emerges from the school infirmary.
Gumball says: "Principal Brown, I just wanted to say sorry."
Gumball says: "I hope we can come to a new understanding."
Nigel Brown says: "…M'kay."
Principal Brown takes Gumball's outstretched hand, and shakes it. Then Gumball scratches his wrist with his index finger. As the principal watches in wonder, Gumball starts to play with his hand. He first taps Brown's hand with his fingers, twists and sweeps palms, high-fives, and laces fingers. Then, with his individual fingers, he scratches in between. Gumball proceeds by energetically shuffling his fingers under the disturbed principal's hand, pulling each finger, then shaking hands again. He ends with an uncomfortable body position.
Gumball says: "No?"
The Principal quickly pulls back his hand.
Nigel Brown says: "I… think I need to wash my hand."
Gumball says: "Allow me to help."
Gumball activates the fire alarm and sprinkler system.
In the Library.
Gumball runs a hand through some books in a shelf. He inspects one of them.
Darwin says: "Dude, if there was a secret society, they wouldn't write a book about it."
Gumball says: "We're not here to read, my naive friend."
Gumball says: "We're here to open the door to their secret lair."
Darwin says: "Sure."
Gumball says: "Or, is it!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball pulls a book, and nothing happens.
Gumball says: "No, wait."
Gumball says: "That didn't come out right."
Gumball says: "Can you say something like:  and then I go "or, is it?"
Darwin says: "CAN YOU JUST– pull the book?"
Gumball says: "Or, is it?"
Gumball pulls out a book, and gives it to Darwin.
Gumball says: "Now, all I have to do is rotate this shelf."
Gumball pushes the bookshelf, and causes other shelves behind to fall down and squish people, including Sarah. Some of Sarah gets on Darwin's face, and he wipes his face.
Darwin says: "Okay, this is probably the moment to not do whatever it is you were going to do next."
Gumball says: "Or, is it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball pulls down a wall lamp like a lever, and breaks it.
Gumball says: "Hm."
Gumball knocks on the wooden portion of the wall, and stops at a spot.
Gumball says: "Ah."
Gumball says: "It's gotta be here."
Gumball says: "Here!"
He punches through the wall, and opens up the spot, revealing a pipe.
Gumball says: "A secret lever!"
Gumball breaks it, and is splashed down with a stream of water. He coughs, and sees a crowd of angry people in the library.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Gumball says: "Here's the door I was looking for."
He runs towards the door, followed by Darwin. Moments after he exits, Gumball pops his head through a vent.
Gumball says: "Aha!"
Gumball says: "Oh, sorry."
At the Hallway Again.
Gumball says: "Maybe we just need to know the secret password to open the door."
Darwin says: "That makes about as much sense as much as everything else you said today."
Gumball sees Rocky mopping the floor.
Gumball says: "Rocky!"
Gumball says: "He knows every inch of the school!"
Gumball says: "He's got to be part of the society."
Gumball slides towards Rocky, and grabs him by the shirt.
Gumball says: "TELL US WHAT IT IS!"
Rocky says: "TELL YOU WHAT IS WHAT?!"
Rocky says: "!"
Gumball says: "THE SECRET PASSWORD!"
Rocky says: "Oh, sure, no need to shout."
Rocky says: "My ATM number is zero-three-eighty, my email password is "rockyroxxxx" with four "X"s, and my Elmore Plus is "unbreakable."
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "What is it, though?"
Rocky says: ""Unbreakable."
Gumball says: "Here, here's twenty dollars."
Rocky says: "Uh, I don't know what you're talking about here, but I can't be bought."
Gumball forces Rocky to have his money, and tries to shove it into his pockets.
Gumball says: "Nah, come on, Rocky."
Gumball says: "Just take it!"
Rocky yelps, and Gumball accidentally rips Rocky's pants off.
Rocky says: "I'M NOT FOR SALE!"
Rocky says: "THIS IS WHY I QUIT BANKING!"
Darwin says: "Gumball, you're beginning to seriously upset people."
Gumball says: "You'll thank me when we're playing racquetball with the president."
Blending with Tobias.
The school bell rings again, and Tobias is seen walking in the hall. Unknown to him, Gumball is hiding behind him, with his feet in Tobias' shoes. Tobias looks around and suspects something, then shrugs and continues walking. At P.E., Tobias has a hard time doing pushups and pull-ups. He weighs himself in the locker room, and is shocked to see his weight at a whopping 180 pounds. He frowns, squeezes his belly, and scratches his head with Gumball's arm. Later, he plods up to his locker sweating and panting.
Darwin says: "Dude, seriously?"
Darwin says: "Come on."
Tobias​​ says: "I'm sorry, man."
Tobias​​ says: "I just feel really slow and heavy."
Gumball says: "He's gonna lead us straight to them."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "I'm losing my mind!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "I'm hearing voices, and I'm sweating like a pig!"
Gumball says: "Here."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thanks."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "Wait!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "It was you all along?!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball sneezes, and knocks Tobias out cold.
Darwin says: "I think I know why things don't go your way."
Darwin says: "You never know when to quit."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "I always give up too soon!"
Darwin facepalms as Gumball walks away, dragging Tobias with him.
Getting People Annoyed.
Sarah says: "..."
Sarah says: "And made Juke come into the girl's bathroom to record our conversation!"
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "He tried to bug me with actual bugs!"
Gumball crawls quietly to Leslie, and raises up his pot. Leslie's nakedness surprises Sarah, and Gumball slides away. Leslie quickly puts his pot on.
Leslie​​​​​​​ says: "I wish I'd worn my underpot."
He slithers over to Idaho and Banana Joe next.
Idaho says: "I heard he went through the Coach's pockets."
Idaho says: "She don't even have pockets!"
Gumball pulls up Banana Joe's back peel. Joe gasps, sees Gumball, slaps him, and walks away. Idaho also slaps Gumball, and follows after Joe. Gumball proceeds to check on Miss Simian next. As he slides to her, upset people watch him from a window.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "What is he doing?"
Darwin says: "He's checking for membership tattoos."
The sound of cloth flapping is heard, followed by Miss Simian's screams.
Darwin says: "He thinks he's a failure because he's not a member of some secret society at school."
Banana Joe says: "There's a secret society at school?!"
Banana Joe says: "!"
Darwin says: "If there was, at least he'd stop harassing everyone."
Nigel Brown says: "The only way to stop him is to give him what he wants."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "Has that ever stopped anyone?"
Darwin says: "You'll just fuel his madness!"
Lucy Simian says: "Whatever it takes to stop that kid, we're doing it right now!"
The Secret Society.
Gumball and Darwin enter the dark gym. Gumball is holding a note, while Darwin walks alongside him, uninterested.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "An unanimous note from Banana Joe said "meet here after school"."
As soon as the doors close, the lights turn on, gradually revealing students and teachers "disguised" with boxes painted with eyes over their heads. The "members" of the "society" face Gumball, and their "leader," Banana Joe is seen, wearing a sock.
Banana Joe says: "Welcome to the super secret powerful big secret powerful society meeting  initiation… time."
Secret Society Members says: "Super secret powerful big secret powerful society meeting initiation time."
Gumball smiles, while Darwin sighs.
Darwin says: "Are you serious?"
Darwin says: "Boxes on heads?"
Darwin says: "Come on, Gumball."
Darwin says: "Let's get out of here."
Gumball says: "Dude, this is our only chance!"
Darwin says: "Ugh, this is ridiculous!"
Darwin says: "And no amount of sweet talking would change my mind."
Gumball says: "But, if you don't get into the secret society too, I'll have to hang out with all these new bros, but not the bro I love the most."
Darwin's frown is transformed into a smile.
Darwin says: "All right, then!"
Banana Joe says: "Approach, underling."
Gumball and Darwin walk to Joe.
Gumball says: "Uh–good a–good after–evening, grand lord–warlock."
Gumball curtsies, then stretches his shirt like a skirt.
Darwin says: "What was that about?"
Gumball says: "No idea."
Banana Joe says: "So, you have found our secret society, which we keep secret… from society."
Teri says: "Three trials."
Banana Joe says: "Three trials."
Banana Joe says: "The first is the flogging of the novice."
Banana Joe says: "Bring out the ceremonial pillows!"
The members bring out trays with pillows on pillows.
Darwin says: "What kind of society presents a pillow on a pillow?"
Gumball says: "Yes, I beg you, grand vizier, I do not need special treatment."
Gumball says: "I would go all the way."
Gumball says: "I'll do anything, like drink bat's blood, dance with flaming swords, touch the gross metal part of the water fountain with my cheek."
Gumball says: "You know, hard core stuff."
Banana Joe says: "Sorry, man."
Banana Joe says: "But, if he doesn't get what he wants, we'll have to suffer for the rest of the week."
Darwin says: "You are not gonna beat him up!"
Gumball says: "Then I'll do it myself!"
Gumball grabs a metal tray, and beats his face repeatedly. His face slowly becomes more bruised.
Gumball says: "Still standing!"
Gumball says: "Still standing."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Please, stop!"
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "You have proven yourself."
A stream of tears comes out of Gumball's black eye.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "What an amazing warrior spirit."
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "How does he stay standing?"
Gumball's head literally shatters.
Mister Small​​​​​​​ says: "Oh, well that makes more sense."
Banana Joe says: "Your second trial will be the besmirching of the rival!"
Banana Joe says: "You must mock our enemy, Richwood High, by roasting them!"
Gumball says: "No problem, grand llama!"
Gumball says: "I'll follow your orders to the letter!"
Darwin says: "You should have been more specific… should have been more specific… should have been more specific..."
Banana Joe says: "What?"
Banana Joe says: "I meant "roasted", like make fun of them."
Darwin says: "You should have been more specific!"
The sound of the door opening is heard.
Gumball says: "Mission accomplished!"
Everyone turns to him, and screams.
Darwin says: "What has he done?"
Darwin says: "What has he done!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball drags a roasted pig mascot with Carlton inside.
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "I roasted their school mascot, like you said."
Everyone exhales with relief. The scene changes to them outside, at the school's roof.
Banana Joe says: "Here we are for your final trial: the leap of faith!"
Banana Joe says: "Jump, and you will join us."
Banana Joe motions to a blind Gumball and Darwin to the ground in from of them, covered with pillows. However, Gumball leans backwards, to the unprotected direction leading to a several story fall.
Gumball says: "Yes, grand kahuna."
Banana Joe says: "Ah!"
Banana Joe says: "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!"
Gumball says: "What?"
Banana Joe says: "That's the wrong way."
Gumball says: "No, it's not."
Gumball says: "Your voice is coming from right in front of me, so it's obvious I gotta jump backwards."
Banana Joe says: "Uh, wait!"
Gumball says: "Ugh, now what?"
Darwin takes off his blindfold.
Darwin says: "What are we doing on a vacated roof?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Banana Joe says: "I thought the wind would make it more authentic."
Banana Joe says: "It's perfectly safe, he's supposed to jump forward."
Darwin says: "How is this safe!"
Darwin says: "?"
Darwin says: "Tell him the truth, right now!"
Banana Joe says: "Gumball..."
Banana Joe says: "it's–it's all fake."
Banana Joe, and the others take off their masks.
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
Banana Joe says: "They made it all up."
Gumball says: "Banana Joe!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "You were the grand master, all this time?"
Banana Joe says: "Dude, I clearly look like a banana wearing a sock."
Banana Joe says: "I'm sorry."
Banana Joe says: "We all pretended so you'd stop behaving like a nutburger."
Banana Joe and the rest leave Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "I think I finally understand."
Darwin says: "I know it hurt."
Darwin says: "But, it's probably for the best."
Gumball says: "They double-bluffed me!"
Darwin says: "What?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "They pretended there was no secret society to cover up the real one."
Darwin says: "Are you seriously telling me you learned nothing today?"
Gumball says: "Well, I did learn one thing: I learned that I don't need any stupid secret society… 'cause I got you, dude."