Breakfast with Richard.
Richard, Darwin, and Gumball are having breakfast.
Gumball says: "Hey, Dad, can you pass the sugar?"
Gumball pours the sugar onto his cereal, takes a bite, and then vomits it on Darwin.
Darwin says: "It probably just needs more sugar."
Richard laughs softly; Gumball takes another bite, but vomits it on Darwin again, much longer than before. Darwin then blocks the vomit with newspaper, which the vomit breaks through, and then a spoon, before Gumball stops vomiting.
Gumball says: "This tastes terrible."
Darwin says: "It tastes like salt."
Richard says: "It was the greatest prank ever."
Gumball says: "Hey, Dad, does this ketchup look funny to you?"
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Richard says: "I'll check."
Richard says: "But afterwards, don't forget to show me that prank you were talking about."
Richard says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin laugh.
Richard says: "What'd you do that for?"
Richard says: "You got ketchup all over me."
Gumball says: "That was the prank."
Darwin says: "Yeah, we did it because it's funny."
Nicole says: "That wasn't very nice."
Nicole says: "You two should know better."
Gumball says: "What?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "You didn't tell him off for pranking us."
Nicole says: "You know it's too late for your father."
Nicole says: "I want you two to apologize by the time I get back."
Darwin says: "Do you think Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad will be okay?"
Gumball says: "Eh, he probably forgot about it already."
Failed Prank.
Gumball and Darwin are now playing their game. Soon, Richard comes by.
Richard says: "Hello, children."
Gumball says: "Hey, Dad."
Darwin says: "Hey, Dad."
Richard says: "Why don't you try on these lovely new shoes?"
Gumball says: "This is a prank, isn't it?"
Richard says: "Hmph!"
Richard says: "Sheesh."
Scene cuts to Richard at the shoe store with both shoes in his hands.
Richard says: "I would like to return these shoes, please."
Larry says: "Unfortunately, sir, you seem to have filled them with baked beans."
Richard says: "I did nothing of the sort, sir!"
Larry says: "Well, I'm sure you wouldn't mind putting them on and taking a walk to prove it, huh?"
Richard says: "And I'm sure I wouldn't mind either."
Prank Tutorial.
Richard is at the couch with a tape player and headphones on his head, presses the play button.
Recording says: "Welcome to "Pranks for Beginners."
Recording says: "" Over the next thirty minutes—"
Gumball and Darwin change the tape.
Gumball says: "Step one: Go out onto the roof of the house."
Richard is on top of the roof while Gumball and Darwin are hiding behind the car.
Gumball says: "Step two: Take off all of your clothes."
Gumball and Darwin snicker. Richard has only his underwear on.
Gumball says: "Step three: Pretend that you're are a ballerina while repeatedly slapping yourself in the face."
Gumball and Darwin are still snickering.
Darwin says: "Dude, this cannot be real."
Richard says: "I'm a ballerina!"
Richard says: "I'm a ballerina!"
Richard says: "I'm a ballerina!"
Richard says: "I'm a ballerina!"
Gumball says: "Step five: Realize you've just been pranked."
Gumball and Darwin are still snickering while Richard is struggling to get down through the chimney. The day then turns night, with Richard still stuck in the chimney.
The Next Prank.
Scene cuts to Richard on the table snoring, with prank drafts all around him on the table and the floor.
Gumball says: "Aww, look, he's been up all night trying to find a way to get back at us."
Darwin says: "Yup, he is definitely out cold."
Gumball and Darwin grin mischievously; scene changes to them pushing Richard out into a river on an inflatable lifeboat.
Gumball says: "I can't wait to see the look on his face when he wakes up."
Gumball and Darwin laugh as Richard floats away.
Gumball says: "Dude, I don't think he's waking up."
Darwin says: "Where does this river go?"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "I think it goes out to sea?"
Scene changes to Richard on the lifeboat floating on the sea.
Darwin says: "Do you think he'll be mad, Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Nah, it's just a small..."
Gumball says: "harmless..."
Gumball says: "prank."
Scene zooms out, showing Richard on the lifeboat floating further into the sea.
Back at Home.
Gumball and Darwin are watching TV together. The front door then opens and a sunburnt, naked Richard walks in, holding the lifeboat. He appears to be angry.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "Are you okay?"
Gumball says: "Can I get you something to eat or something?"
Richard says: "No, I still have plenty of coconuts."
Darwin says: "What happened to your clothes?"
Richard says: "I ate them!"
Darwin says: "How do we know when we've taken this too far?"
Gumball says: "I think we'll know when we get there."
Richard's Door Prank.
Gumball and Darwin are scribbling on a magazine with crayons, then the camera zooms out, showing Richard placing a bucket full of water on top of the kitchen door. Gumball and Darwin notice Richard's prank.
Gumball says: "This is just too easy."
Scene changes to kitchen.
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "Hey, Darwin and I are thinking of going outside."
Richard says: "Oh, okay."
Gumball says: "Shall we going to the front yard or the backyard?"
Gumball says: "Hey..."
Gumball says: "Do you know what else would be fun?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Going through..."
Gumball says: "the window."
Richard says: "What are you talking about?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "Are you crazy?!"
Richard says: "!"
Gumball says: "Well, how else are we gonna get to the backyard?"
Richard says: "Through the door!"
Gumball says: "The what?"
Richard says: "The door!"
Richard says: "Like this."
Scene changes to the ambulance siren.
Paramedic says: "Sir, please stop struggling so we can get the bucket off."
Richard says: "It's dark!"
Paramedic says: "How did this happen?"
Gumball says: "Well, we saw our dad putting the bucket on top of the kitchen door and..."
Richard says: "You saw me?!"
Richard says: "!"
Richard says: "How can you do this to me."
Richard says: "You betrayed me, my own children!"
Richard says: "I look like a fool!"
Richard says: "I don't want anyone to see me like this!"
Paramedic Eddie says: "Sir, please calm down."
Richard says: "Leave me alone!"
Richard says: "Get off my lawn!"
Paramedic says: "It's no use."
Paramedic says: "Eddie, tranquilizer."
Richard says: "Leave..."
Richard says: "me..."
Richard says: "alone..."
I'm Gonna Prank You.
Scene changes back into the Wattersons' house. Richard's pops his head back in shape.
Gumball says: "Hey dad!"
Gumball says: "So..."
Gumball says: "things got a little carried away there."
Gumball says: "What with you know, you going out to sea, and..."
Gumball says: "getting tranquilized and.."
Gumball says: "everything..."
Gumball says: "So it was a lot of fun but I think it's about time to call it a day."
Gumball says: "Okay?"
Richard doesn't respond.
Darwin says: "Yeah, I think we all learnt a valuable lesson about not taking pranks too far."
Darwin says: "Let's have a feel-good hug."
Gumball and Darwin hug Richard, but Richard still does not respond.
Darwin says: "This doesn't feel like a happy ending."
Richard cuts Gumball and Darwin out from the family photo.
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Maybe we should just go outside again, this time through the front door."
Darwin says: "Good idea, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "Okay, prepare to get wet."
Gumball says: "What the what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball and Darwin scream in fear, run up the stairs into the bathroom and shut the door, while Richard bangs on the door.
Gumball says: "Cut it out!"
Gumball says: "You're making it worse!"
Darwin says: "Oh, sorry."
Darwin says: "There, there, buddy,  there, there."
Darwin says: "Is that better?"
Gumball says: "Much better."
Gumball says: "Now hold me and tell me that everything is going to be okay."
Darwin says: "Everything is gonna be okay, buddy."
Gumball says: "How about a little kiss?"
Darwin kisses Gumball on the cheek.
Gumball says: "Hah."
Richard says: "Prank time!"
Gumball and Darwin scream, and run out of the bathroom and down the stairs, hiding under the sofa. Gumball hyperventilates again.
Richard says: "Where are you?"
Darwin says: "We're not under the sofa."
Gumball facepalms.
Richard says: "Ha-ha!"
Richard says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "And that's it for tonight's news at five."
Gumball says: "Here's Garbin with the weather."
Darwin says: "It would be very hot here with temperatures soaring to twenty degrees celsius, below zero on the Northern front of the warm drift with isolating regions of the cold snaps!"
Darwin says: "And there will be a beautiful rainbow."
Richard says: "Hmm."
Richard says: "I wonder what else is on TV."
Gumball says: "How could you?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "It's not what it looks like!"
Darwin says: "Please, don't leave me!"
Gumball says: "Nooo!"
Gumball says: "It can never be the same again!"
Richard changes the channel again.
Darwin says: "And here, captured on film for the first time, we see the chicken crab."
Richard changes the channel one more time.
Gumball says: "A music video, a music video."
Darwin says: "Yeah, we are in a music video!"
Gumball says: "This is what you call a music video."
Darwin says: "music videooooo..."
Gumball says: "Run."
Gumball and Darwin continue running around the house with Richard chasing them.
Gumball and Darwin hide in the kitchen and Richard scares them. They run upstairs.
Gumball says: "Look!"
Gumball says: "The air vent, it's the only way."
Gumball says: "Ahh..."
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "You mean that the whole thing was a prank?"
Richard says: "Yea."
Richard says: "And you totally bought it."
Gumball says: "Dad!"
Gumball says: "That was terrible."
Gumball says: "How can you do that to your own children?"
Richard says: "It's always funny when the jokes are on someone else."
Darwin says: "You almost dropped the block of solid concrete on our head!"
Richard says: "Yeah."
Richard says: "I have no idea what happened with that."
Richard says: "It was wet when I poured it in."
Gumball says: "And the bursting through walls and stuff?"
Richard says: "I'll be honest with ya', I broke five ribs, but it was all worth it, just to see your faces."
Gumball says: "Good job, Dad, you totally got us, we're sorry we pranked you."
Richard says: "Wahaha, no, it's me that should be sorry."
Darwin says: "But it was us who took it too far."
Richard says: "Yeah, but I was the one who started it."
Nicole and Anais come back and are shocked by the destruction the boys made.
Nicole says: "Who..."
Nicole says: "did..."
Nicole says: "this?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "It was him!"
Darwin says: "It was him!"
Richard says: "It was him!"
Episode ends.