Clocks.
The episode begins with Gumball in bed at seven a.m. His alarm clock starts ringing, so he turns it off. Several other alarm clocks and a rooster start up too, so he deactivates all of them, ending up in the Robinsons' bed turning their alarm off.
Gaylord says: "What are you doing in my house?!"
Gaylord says: "!"
Gumball says: "Anyways, have a nice day, bye!"
He climbs out of view from the room, leaving the Robinsons shocked. The wardrobe then falls over, crushing the bed and the Robinsons.
Running to School.
After Darwin enters the bus, the bus drives away from the Wattersons' house, leaving Gumball behind.
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Stop, little boy!"
The person turns to face him, revealing himself to be Leonard Daniels.
Leonard Daniels says: "Yes?"
Gumball says: "I need to borrow your wheels."
The scene abruptly changes to Gumball running alongside the bus, hitting it using the scooter. Rocky, who is wearing headphones, cannot hear him properly.
Gumball says: "Let me in!"
Gumball says: "Rocky, open the doors!"
Gumball says: "Let me in!"
Gumball says: "Rocky?"
Gumball says: "Rocky?"
He begins repeating Rocky's name, but all Rocky can hear is the sound of the scooter hitting the bus, which he mistakes for the beat in the music he is listening to.
Rocky says: "Wow, it really does sound like trash!"
Outside the bus, Gumball runs into a bus stop. The scene then changes to Miss Simian counting down.
Lucy Simian says: "Three..."
Lucy Simian says: "two..."
Lucy Simian says: "one..."
Lucy Simian says: "and so begins my ten second countdown!"
Lucy Simian says: "Ten..."
Lucy Simian says: "nine—"
Gumball says: "Wait!"
Lucy Simian says: "Eight?"
Gumball runs into school, knocking Mr. Small back into his office, jumping on Principal Brown, knocking off his glasses in process, and finally running straight into Coach as she picks up the glasses just as the bell rings.
Lucy Simian Whilst Gumball is running Seven... six... five... four... three... two... one! You're late! Detention!
Miss Simian performs a victory dance as she enters her classroom. Coach turns around, revealing Gumball stuck in her hair. She manages to push him out.
Clayton Stops Being Himself.
The scene changes to the entrance of Elmore Junior High as the home bell rings.
Lucy Simian says: "Home time, everyone!"
Lucy Simian says: "Except you, Watterson!"
Lucy Simian says: "I'll see you back here in five."
Scene changes to Darwin splashing his face and drinking from a water fountain in the corridor. Gumball walks up to him.
Darwin says: "Oh hey!"
Darwin says: "Too bad about the detention."
Gumball Nah, it's all right. I've got this annoying breathing technique that's going to make it as hard for her as it is for me.
He pulls an odd face and breathes annoyingly.
Clayton says: "Cool story, Gumball!"
Gumball says: "What the- Who said that?"
Clayton reveals that he was the water fountain.
Clayton says: "Me."
Gumball says: "Oh, Clayton, you're disguised as a water fountain?"
Clayton says: "Yeah well, nothing interesting ever happens to me, so I thought I'd try becoming inanimate objects and, spoiler alert, nothing interesting ever happens to them, either."
Flashback to "The Cage" where Gumball and Darwin watch Mr. Corneille "train." Clayton is disguised as a trophy at the shelf.
Avoid any form of training.
Flashback to "The Lady" where Samantha meets up with Violet, Maria and Angela at the mall fountain.
Maria says: "Samantha, finally."
Maria says: "We've been waiting so long, Angela's clothes are back in fashion."
Camera zooms in on Clayton, disguised as a aesthetic decor at the fountain, yawning.
Flashback to the stadium. A football player kicks a ball same color as Clayton.
Gumball says: "Oh, that one's pretty interesting."
Clayton says: "Yeah, I wasn't the ball."
Camera zooms in where Clayton is on the bench disguised as a helmet, bored. Flashback ends.
Clayton says: "See?"
Clayton says: "It's boring."
Clayton says: "We're not all like you, Gumball."
Clayton says: "Running around, stopping the school from being blown up."
Clayton says: "Or wrestling an alligator."
Gumball shuts Darwin's mouth.
Gumball says: "Let the boy finish."
Clayton says: "I'm finished."
Gumball says: "Fair enough."
Gumball says: "Dude, you're wasting your talent."
Gumball says: "If nothing cool happens to you, why not just change into someone else?"
Gumball says: "If I've learned one thing from movies, it's that the key to happiness is never be yourself."
Clayton says: "Okay, then I'll be Darwin."
Clayton changes into Darwin.
Clayton as Darwin says: "So, what're we gonna do?"
Darwin says: "I do not sound like that!"
Clayton as Darwin says: "Try clearing your throat."
Darwin says: "Okay?"
Darwin says: "Oh, yeah."
Darwin says: "That's better."
Gumball says: "Look, look, no offense, but he's kinda the sidekick."
Gumball says: "If you want real excitement, you gotta aim a little higher."
Gumball says: "Y-you know, someone a little more awesome?"
Gumball says: "You know, someone who's a little bit- ME!"
Gumball says: "You can be me!"
Clayton as Darwin says: "Okay."
Clayton changes into Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ah, that's more like it."
Lucy Simian says: "Watterson, get in here!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "I know, I can sit your detention for you."
Clayton rushes into Miss Simian's classroom.
Darwin says: "Well, aren't you gonna stop him?"
Darwin says: "It's not right that he should be taking your punishment."
Gumball says: "I mean, he couldn't hear me."
Gumball says: "I tried, I tried hard."
Darwin sighs and face slaps.
Gumball says: "Come on,  let's go before Simian catches the real me."
Gumball pulls the horrified Darwin away.
Clayton the Bus Driver.
Gumball and Darwin are waiting for the bus. Rocky drives the bus in an unusually clumsy way. The bus stops and almost hits Gumball and Darwin.
Clayton as Rocky says: "Good morning, kids."
Inside the school bus, Clayton is disguised as Rocky. He constantly makes sudden turns to avoid hitting oncoming vehicles.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Gumball says: "What the?"
Clayton as Rocky says: "Hey guys, it's me."
Gumball says: "Yeah, and it's us."
Gumball says: "Just out of interest Rocky, how many of us can you see?"
Clayton as Rocky says: "No it's me, Clayton."
Clayton as Rocky says: "I'm doing like you said."
Clayton as Rocky says: "Now I'm Rocky."
Darwin says: "Dude, you can't drive."
Scene abruptly changes to inside the mall, where the bus is seen crashed and upside-down. Firemen are on the scene, trying to put out the flames underneath the bus while sirens can be heard.
Darwin says: "Gumball, you started this, you have to stop it."
Gumball says: "But how do you stop somebody when they could be anybody?"
Darwin slaps Gumball's hand.
Darwin says: "You just don't wanna do it, do you?"
A doctor suddenly walks on-screen, backing into Gumball.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Who are you?"
Doctor Man says: "I'm, I'm Doctor uhh, Doctor..."
Doctor Man says: "Man."
Doctor Man says: "Uhh, here to do,  doctoring things."
Gumball says: "His stethoscope isn't even in his ears."
Clayton as Rocky says: "Hey guys, it's me, Clayton."
Clayton as Rocky says: "I'm sorry about the bad driving."
Clayton as Rocky says: "But you gotta admit it was fun!"
Nurse says: "Oh, Doctor Man!"
Nurse says: "We've got a couple of patients we need you to attend to."
Doctor Man says: "Sure uhh, let me get my umm, uhh, bag?"
Eddie says: "What a pro."
Nurse says: "He may be really shifty, but he's the best gosh darn surgeon I've ever met."
Darwin sees another Doctor Man "look alike".
Darwin says: "Clayton!"
Doctor Man says: "Wait, what?"
Doctor Man says: "This can't be happening my, my, twin brother."
Doctor Man says: "I- haven't seen you since last..."
Doctor Man says: "Sunday."
Doctor Man's Twin Brother says: "Yes, here I am."
Doctor Man's Twin Brother says: "In Elmore for, perfectly normal..."
Doctor Man says: "..."
Doctor Man says: "Normal..."
Doctor Man says: "Legitimate reasons."
Doctor Man's Twin Brother says: "Legitimate reasons."
Darwin says: "Wait!"
Darwin says: "Clayton's over there!"
Clayton changes from Rocky into Larry behind a column. He runs through the exit, completely bypassing Karen.
Darwin says: "We need to stop him!"
Gumball says: "It'll certainly be easier than figuring out whatever..."
Gumball says: "this is."
Doctor Man and his twin brother shake hands. Gumball and Darwin run away.
Disguise Craze.
Scene cuts to outside the mall in the parking lot. The real Larry is describing Clayton to Doughnut Sheriff as Gumball and Darwin run past.
Larry says: "And then he just rode away on it, bold as brass!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Tell me again what he looked like?"
Larry says: "He's about yea tall with a hat, a green shirt, and an orange tie."
Doughnut Sheriff looks down at his sketch. He has drawn a picture of Larry.
Donut Sheriff says: "Okay buddy,  I'm gonna give you a ten-second head start."
Larry, now spooked, slowly backs off and runs away. The scene changes to Gumball and Darwin running down a street in town, chasing after Clayton, who has morphed into Mrs. Jötunheim and is recklessly swooping about on a broomstick.
Clayton as Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Whoo!"
Clayton as Mrs. Jötunheim says: "This is so much fun!"
The real Mrs. Jötunheim comes out of a building and notices her broomstick is missing.
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Huh?"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "Ah, cauldrons!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "And I was two payments away from owning that broom!"
Mrs. Jötunheim says: "At least I didn't fill it up with gas."
High up in the air, the broomstick sputters to a halt. Clayton falls off it and plummets towards the ground.
Gumball says: "Quick, Clayton!"
Gumball says: "Turn into a bird!"
Clayton says: "Okay!"
He turns into Colin and continues to fall.
Gumball says: "No, not a nerd, a bird!"
Gumball says: "You know, like an eagle!"
Clayton as Colin says: "Got it!"
He turns into a beagle and continues to fall.
Gumball says: "No, not a beagle—"
Gumball says: "A BIRD!"
Darwin says: "A BIRD!"
Clayton says: "Oh, a bird!"
Clayton says: "How is this gonna he—"
He splats onto the road, forming a zebra crossing.
Gumball says: "Well, at least he made it safe for us to cross the road!"
Clayton says: "Ha ha!"
Clayton says: "That was awesome!"
Clayton says: "This was such a good idea!"
Clayton says: "Wahoo!"
He bounces away.
The broom lands on his head, knocking him out.
Catching Clayton.
The scene changes to Tobias trying to get into his house.
Tobias says: "Hey guys!"
Tobias says: "I've locked myself out!"
Gumball says: "We don't have time, man!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "No, I mean I've been locked out by myself!"
Gumball says: "Right, you've been locked out and you're on your own."
Darwin says: "We still don't have time!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "No, I mean I HAVE BEEN LOCKED OUT OF MY HOUSE BY AN INDIVIDUAL WHO HAS EXACTLY THE SAME PHYSICAL APPEARANCE AS I DO!"
Darwin says: "Ohh."
Gumball says: "Why didn't you say so?"
The scene changes to a window looking into the Wilsons' house. Gumball, Darwin, and Tobias look through it and see the Wilsons celebrating Tobias' birthday.
Jackie​​​​​​ says: "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."
Harold places a cake on the table in front of Tobias. Jackie's voice fades into the background.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "But it's my birthday, my cake, and they're my candles!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Okay, I promise never to be selfish again!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Please spare it!"
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "Show me no more!"
He sobs beneath the windowsill. Gumball pats him on the shoulder.
Darwin says: "Clayton's gone!"
Harold, listening to music, runs out of the back door.
Darwin says: "There!"
Harold runs up to the ticket booth at the cinema.
Clayton as Harold​​​​​ says: "One child's ticket, please!"
Flight Attendant says: "Really, sir?"
Clayton morphs into Kayvon.
Clayton as Kayvon says: "I mean, one child's ticket, please!"
Flight Attendant says: "Uhh..."
Clayton morphs into Donald.
Clayton as Donald says: "Unless senior tickets are cheaper!"
Flight Attendant says: "Just go right on in."
Just after Clayton enters the theater, Gumball and Darwin run up to the booth.
Gumball says: "Excuse me, did you see a guy—"
Darwin says: "Or a woman—"
Gumball says: "Old—"
Darwin says: "Or young—"
Gumball says: "Tall—"
Darwin says: "Or short?"
Flight Attendant says: "They all went in there."
Gumball says: "Okay, this'll be easy."
Gumball says: "The theater will be empty at this time o—"
The theater is packed full of people.
Darwin says: "Let's split up."
Darwin descends the left set of stairs, Gumball the right.
Darwin says: "The cat's out the bag!"
Alison says: "Martin!"
Alison says: "Martin, where are you?"
Gumball says: "I know who you really are!"
Darwin says: "I smell a rat!"
Frankie says: "Sorry, kid, that was me."
Gumball says: "Game over!"
Ocho disappears with a classic "game over" sound.
Darwin says: "Busted!"
Darwin pops Alan accidentally. He walks over to Gumball, who is checking a chair.
Darwin says: "It's no good."
Darwin says: "We've asked everybody!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Darwin says: "And this is no time for ventriloquism!"
Suddenly, "Gumball" pops out of the closed chair, spitting a piece of popcorn out of his mouth.
Clayton as Gumball says: "Typical."
Clayton as Gumball says: "Salted."
Darwin says: "Gumball?"
Darwin says: "Then that's Clayton!"
Several citizens in the theater shush Darwin.
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "Then that's Clayton."
Alligator Fight.
Clayton, still morphed into Gumball, runs out of the theater, and is pursued by Gumball and Darwin. He runs until he falls down an open manhole. Darwin stops just before the manhole.
Darwin grabs him by the leg, pulling him down the manhole too. Inside the sewer, Clayton still as Gumball slides down a stream of water, with Gumball and Darwin not far behind.
Clayton as Gumball says: "Clayton, stop!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have told you to be someone else!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "I was wrong!"
Gumball says: "But other people's lives are so much more exciting!"
Gumball says: "Especially yours!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Yes, that is true, but you've gotta be yourself."
Clayton as Gumball says: "Live your own life."
Gumball says: "Why, thanks Gumball!"
Gumball says: "Only you could've stopped this terrible situation!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Nah, it's just what we do."
Clayton as Gumball says: "We run around for a while and then we save the day."
Darwin says: "There's usually a bit more to it than that!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "You're right!"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Sometimes we sing!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, I think we're all good for the song, thanks!"
Gumball says: "And we're done, yeah?"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Yeah, I guess so."
Darwin says: "Aah!"
Darwin says: "What are we gonna do?"
Clayton as Gumball says: "Quick, grab those ropes!"
Gumball and Darwin grab the "ropes," only to find they are actually the tails of rats. The rats hiss at them, and the two scream and throw them away.
Clayton as Gumball says: "Now what?"
Darwin says: "Don't worry."
Darwin says: "I've got this."
Darwin turns around and grabs Gumball, stopping in the water flume just before the pool. After struggling against the flowing waters and Gumball's weight, Darwin swims up the flume to the edge of the pipe. He gets up, feeling exhausted, and his tail deflates.
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Clayton, are you alright?"
Clayton says: "Yeah, I'm fine, thanks."
Clayton says: "What about Gumball?"
Gumball says: "Help!"
Gumball says: "Ah, help!"
Clayton says: "Ah, yeah, sorry."
Clayton says: "I made a deal with Gumball in the movie theater."
Clayton says: "He let me do all the running around, saving the day bit, as long as I promised to be myself from now on."
Gumball says: "Clayton!"
Gumball says: "Stop being yourself and turn into something useful!"
Clayton says: "Uh-uh, I'm staying true to myself from now on, as per your advice."
Gumball continues flailing in the water, until an alligator swims by. Gumball grabs onto the alligator.
Gumball says: "Never mind, it's alright, I've found an alligator to hold onto."
Gumball realizes he said "alligator," lets go of it, and continues screaming as the alligator turns around.
Gumball says: "HELP!"
Gumball swims toward a pipe as the alligator swims towards him. It tries to snap at him, but Gumball is too high up the pipe for it to reach him.
Clayton says: "I thought you'd fought an alligator before!"
Darwin says: "Just tell him the truth!"
The pipe Gumball is holding on to suddenly breaks.
Gumball says: "Okay, okay, I've never fought an alligator!"
Gumball says: "Now come on, help me!"
Clayton says: "Stand back."
Gumball says: "Why would you turn into a senior citizen?"
Clayton as Donald says: "I thought bringing wisdom and experience to the situation might help."
Clayton as Donald says: "No?"
The alligator rises underneath Clayton, before biting and dragging him under. Clayton then wrestles the alligator, rising to the surface several times before disappearing into the water. As the pipe tilts downward, Gumball whimpers as the alligator leans closer to him. As it opens its mouth to bite him, it stops.
Clayton as Alligator says: "This makes me cooler than you, right?"
Gumball says: "W-what?"
Clayton as Alligator says: "Hey Darwin, is he gonna be okay?"
Darwin says: "He'll be fine, he's just had too much excitement for one day."
Clayton as Alligator says: "I think I know what to do."
Cut to the football stadium, where a ball resembling Clayton is set on the field. A player kicks it out of the way, revealing Gumball, Darwin, and Clayton sitting on a bench. Darwin and Clayton are eating chips, while Gumball is still whimpering and clinging to a piece of the pipe.
Darwin says: "I don't think this is working."
Clayton says: "Yeah, well not everyone can handle the excitement of hanging out with me."
Clayton tosses a chip in the air to eat it, but it bounces off his forehead instead. Clayton looks up in confusion, and the episode ends.