The Virus Army.
The episode starts with tons of virus organisms on Gumball's fur, then one of them stands on a hill-like lump of fur.
Virus says: "Brothers, we've mutated many times over for this moment, but now we are ready."
Virus says: "Today, we take this body; tomorrow, the REST OF THE WORLD!"
The virus army starts cheering and raising their fists.
Virus says: "None will be safe from our infection!"
Virus says: "Our glory will be greater than the pox, the plague, and bird flu combined!"
One virus grunts as he pounds his chest.
Virus says: "Follow me to the nostril!"
Virus Army says: "Hoorah!"
The army follows the leader as he charges, but they all stop when the ground starts to shake.
Virus says: "Huh?"
Scene changes to the school corridor where Teri is forcing Gumball to wash his hand; Darwin stands nearby, watching them.
Gumball says: "Get off!"
Gumball says: "Why don't you clean your own hand, you clean freak?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Teri says: "Wash it now, you disgusting biohazard!"
Gumball says: "Man, for a paper girl she's surprisingly strong."
Darwin says: "I think it's more like you're surprisingly weak."
Teri says: "What is your problem?!"
Teri says: "!"
Darwin says: "He got a high five from Penny three months ago and refused to wash it since."
Teri says: "Don't tell me you haven't showered in ninety days."
Gumball says: "Of course I've showered, I'm not an art student."
Gumball says: "I just wrap my hand in swimming trunks to keep it dry."
Darwin says: "Ask him how often he washes those."
Gumball says: "You don't wash swimming trunks, they clean themselves when you swim."
Gumball says: "Right?"
Teri backs away from Gumball in disgust.
Teri says: "Ewwww!"
Teri says: "When Penny hears that, she'll be so horrified that her antlers will turn white."
Gumball says: "Please don't tell her!"
Gumball stares at his hand, pondering.
Gumball says: "What if I just cut it off and keep it in a memory box?"
Teri says: "Just wash it!"
Gumball says: "Noooooooooo!"
High-pitched "Nooo" sounds are heard from Gumball's hand, followed by drowning sounds.
Darwin says: "Did you hear that?"
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Kinda sounded like a choir of gnomes going down a waterslide."
Darwin says: "Yeah..."
Darwin says: "exactly."
Gumball says: "Nah, didn't hear it."
Camera zooms into the sink where the Virus Leader, the only survivor, is lying flat on his face.
Virus says: "I will find you, and when I do, I swear on my fallen comrades, I will infect you, and I will destroy you, and then I will take over your family, your friends and I won't stop until nothing is left alive on the surface of the Earth!"
Virus says: "DO YOU HEAR ME?!"
Virus says: "!"
Camera zooms out, showing an empty school corridor.
Virus says: "DO YOU HEAR ME?!"
Virus says: "!"
The School Library.
The school bell rings and the scene changes to the school library where Gumball and several students are playing Space Invaders. When the librarian walks past, all of the students pretend to do homework.
Gumball says: "You may want to clean up the alien slime on your laser gun."
Gumball says: "You could get sick from that!"
Darwin says: "I always carry my intergalactic antibacterial gel in case I need to interfere with people's lives."
Both of them snicker.
Teri says: "I'm right here, you know!"
Gumball and Darwin scream.
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Darwin says: "Sorry."
Teri closes the Space Invader game and uses the internet.
Gumball says: "Hey, I just picked up the proton bazooka!"
Teri says: "If you think germs are so funny, then maybe you should look at this!"
Teri enters a website using the keyboard.
Gumball says: "OH MY GOSH, what is that?"
Teri says: "That's my mom."
Teri says: "This is her website."
Teri says: "She's a doctor."
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Teri goes to another page.
Gumball says: "OH MY GOSH!"
Gumball says: "WHAT IS THAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Teri says: "That is what happens to a finger if you don't disinfect a cut."
Darwin says: "It looks like a purple foot covered in mayo!"
Teri squirts some sanitizing gel onto her hand.
Teri says: "And that only came from a paper cut!"
Darwin says: "GIVE ME THAT!"
Darwin grabs Teri's bottle of sanitizer and rubs it all over himself, growing multiple arms in the process.
Darwin says: "Can you do my back?"
Gumball says: "The germs are fine, man!"
Gumball says: "They're part of life, that's Mother Nature trying to make you stronger!"
Teri says: "Oh really?"
Teri says: "You do know that the keyboard you just used has more germs on it than a toilet seat?"
Gumball sighs and licks the keyboard. Then the camera zooms into the keyboard where the Virus can be seen.
Virus says: "YES!"
Virus says: "My chance for revenge!"
Virus says: "Huh?"
Virus says: "Stay back, bacteria, he's mine!"
Green Bacteria Minion says: "Come on, virus, there's plenty to share!"
Bacteria starts charging towards Gumball's tongue.
Virus says: "I SAID GET BACK!"
Bacteria Minions says: "Right at the flagella!"
Bacteria Minions says: "Right at the ribosomes!"
The Virus grabs one of the bacteria and uses it as a weapon.
Bacteria Minion says: "Dude, not the cytoplasm!"
The Virus smacks another bacteria.
Bacteria Minion says: "It hurts me too you know!"
The Virus throws the bacteria towards a giant blue bacteria.
Bacteria Minion says: "Ahhhhh!"
One of the bacteria gets past the virus and reaches the tongue.
Virus says: "Hey!"
Virus says: "I said get back!"
The Virus catches the bacteria and shoots him like a torpedo towards the other bacteria, causing a big blue explosion.
Virus says: "Hahhaha!"
Virus says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
To the Infirmary.
Gumball says: "Nearly there..."
Gumball says: "just focusing..."
Gumball says: "and..."
Gumball says: "yep."
Gumball says: "You're right."
Gumball says: "There's definitely no hair on your butt."
Gumball says: "I don't think you'll ever grow a beard, man."
Darwin whimpers.
Teri says: "You do know there are more germs on a pair of buttocks than the toilet seat, right?"
Gumball says: "I don't care."
Gumball says: "I'm one of those people who never get sick anyway."
Teri says: "What, a liar?"
Gumball says: "No, I just tell my body not to get sick."
Teri says: "Oh really?"
Teri says: "And how do you do that?"
Gumball says: "The power of the mind over the flesh."
Gumball says: "I can control any part of my body."
Gumball says: "Watch."
Gumball moves his ears all the way down to his chin. He then rotates his arms and torso as his legs move straight up and down.
Gumball says: "You believe me now?"
Teri says: "Uh, yeah, sure."
Gumball says: "Good, 'cause now you're gonna have to take me to the infirmary."
Scene changes to the infirmary. Gumball is on the bed, stuck in his pose.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Gumball and Darwin hug, sighing with relief.
Teri says: "What?"
Teri says: "Where did you get your diploma?"
Teri says: "The World College of Ducks?"
Teri says: "'Cause you're a certified quack!"
Teri says: "You haven't run a blood test, taken a temperature or even an x-ray!"
Joan says: "He's fine, he just needs to walk it off."
Teri says: "I'm talking about me!"
Teri says: "I can feel myself getting ill..."
Joan says: "Hmm, like Monday, when you thought the foam in your mouth was rabies only to discover it was toothpaste?"
Joan says: "Or Tuesday, when you thought you broke your leg even though you don't have any bones?"
Joan says: "Or yesterday, when you thought you'd gone deaf because nobody had spoken to you for five minutes?!"
Joan says: "!"
Teri inhales angrily, and sighs as she droops her head.
Discovery.
The scene changes to the school lab. Gumball, Darwin and Teri are using microscopes.
Gumball says: "Dr."
Gumball says: "Darwin, is there a cure?"
Darwin says: "Yes, getting a life."
Gumball and Darwin snicker, Teri plucks a strand of hair from Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Teri says: "I just needed a hair sample."
Gumball says: "Lemme guess, you found a deadly virus previously unknown to science, and it's coming after us."
Teri says: "Yes, exactly."
Gumball says: "Oh no!"
Gumball says: "What should we do, Dr."
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Darwin says: "I recommend a high-dose treatment of sarcastic looks."
Gumball and Darwin fold their arms and look sarcastically at Teri.
Teri says: "Could you at least look at it?"
The boys do not respond. Teri sniffs, and draws a tear on her cheek.
Gumball says: "What the pox?"
Camera zoons in on the microscope, with the Virus seemingly insulting Gumball.
Gumball says: "Dude, she's right!"
Gumball says: "There's a virus."
Gumball says: "And he's making rude gestures at me with those little tentacles!"
Darwin looks through the microscope as well. He sees The Virus grow wings.
Darwin says: "What does it mean when a virus grows wings?"
The Virus starts flying towards them.
Teri says: "It's mutated and gone airborne."
Teri grabs a pencil, erases her mouth and draws a surgical mask in its place.
Darwin says: "Give me that!"
Teri tries to speak, but is muffled.
Gumball says: "Hold on."
Finding the Cure.
[Scene changes to the Watterson living room. The kids are on the couch. Each are wearing protective gear says: "Darwin is in his fishbowl; Gumball has a plastic inflatable ball over his head; Teri is folded inside a clear plastic paper sleeve."
Gumball says: "Which virus do you think it is?"
Darwin says: "Let's read the symptoms."
Teri says: "They're the worst, they always find a way to get you."
Darwin says: "Then we need to fight fire with fire!"
Gumball says: "What are you doing?"
Darwin says: "Trying..."
Darwin says: "to..."
Darwin says: "mutate!"
Darwin says: "Ah!"
The laptop beeps.
Gumball says: "An email from free online medication without prescription!"
He clicks on it.
Laptop says: "Virus detected."
The laptop screen glitches, and it shuts down.
Gumball says: "Hmm, maybe it's just rebooting."
The laptop starts growling and moving on its own.
Gumball says: "Uhh, did you see that?"
Darwin and Teri have leaped out of their protective gear and the couch. The laptop starts attacking Gumball.
Gumball says: "Can I get a little help over here?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Try to turn it off and on."
The laptop bites at Gumball, and tears off the ball on his head. It spits it out and jumps at Gumball again.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Unplug it!"
The laptop growls at Darwin, and starts barreling towards him. Darwin screams as the laptop nears, but then Teri charges in and douses the laptop using a mug of water. The laptop's screen turns blue, then shuts down. Shortly afterward, a jolt of electricity emanates from the computer and makes its way though the charger to the electrical port near Darwin, producing loud static which surprises him.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Darwin says: "I told you PCs were unreliable."
The Virus' face appears on the TV screen.
Virus says: "You thought you had escaped me, but you thought wrong."
Virus says: "I am a warrior who can never be defeated."
Gumball mutes the TV.
A compact disk flies at the door, embedding itself into the wood. The Virus starts launching CDs from the stereo.
Gumball says: "Huh?"
Gumball says: "Get down!"
Gumball says: "It's a multi-changer!"
Darwin says: "How did he get into the stereo!"
Darwin says: "?"
Teri says: "He's mutated and infected the entire electrical system!"
Escape.
Several appliances start floating and moving towards the sofa.
An electric razor attacks Gumball.
Gumball says: "Ahh!"
Gumball says: "Aww man, not the eyebrows!"
Teri says: "How exactly do you feel about that?"
Teri says: "Angry?"
Teri says: "Surprised?"
Teri says: "Upset?"
Teri says: "I can't tell."
Gumball grows his eyebrows back.
Teri says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "On my command!"
Darwin says: "Three!"
Darwin says: "Two!"
Darwin says: "One!"
The music stutters, and the disk slot on the stereo opens.
Darwin says: "Go!"
The kids run into the kitchen.
Teri says: "How did you know that would happen?"
Darwin says: "My mix-tape is all scratched up."
Darwin says: "It always jams."
Darwin says: "The waffle iron!"
Gumball says: "Oh my gosh!"
Gumball says: "Your leg!"
Gumball says: "Is it burning?"
The toaster starts shooting bread at them, so they take cover behind the fridge door.
Gumball says: "But what do you want from us?"
Virus says: "I want my vengeance!"
Virus says: "You washed away my army, and now you shall PAY!"
Virus says: "The pastries were just a decoy, my friend."
The microwave crackles and shoots rays out, burning the Robinsons' roast turkey next door. Gumball, Darwin, and Teri run out to the backyard.
Gumball says: "Shh, what's that sound?"
Scene changes to the shed. A rotary saw blade flies out the door. Gumball and Darwin duck. They look down, and Gumball gasps. Teri appears to be decapitated.
Gumball says: "Teri..."
Gumball says: "are..."
Gumball says: "you okay?"
Teri does not respond.
Gumball says: "She's not answering."
Darwin says: "I think it's for the best."
Gumball says: "I'm so sorry, Teri."
Gumball says: "I shouldn't have made fun of you."
Darwin says: "At least, she doesn't need to worry about germs anymore."
Teri suddenly sits up, head intact.
Teri says: "Watch out!"
The lawnmower bursts out of the shed. Gumball, Darwin, and Teri dodge it. They jump over the fence, and the lawnmower plows right into the fence.
Gumball says: "That was close."
Gumball says: "We should be safe out here, there's no electrical stuff."
The lawnmower bumps into a parked car. A wave of electricity washes over the car and it starts. The virus' face appears on the car's sattnav.
Sattnav says: "System online."
The Virus laughs evilly.
Gumball says: "Oh man, he's mutated again!"
Several cars nearby also start, then they barrel towards the kids, who then run away.
Gumball says: "I've got an idea!"
The cars completely ignore the sign, plowing into it as they continue the chase.
Gumball says: "I thought he'd at least slow down at the stop sign."
The cars surround them.
Teri says: "Quick!"
Teri says: "Down the alley!"
The cars follow them down the alley, and corner them. Gumball steps forward and berates the Virus.
Gumball says: "Hey, Virus!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Where's the honor in this!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Five cars against three kids?"
Gumball says: "I thought you were a warrior, not a coward!"
Virus says: "Who are you calling a coward?"
Virus says: "I don't need an army to take you down!"
Gumball says: "Then come out and fight me like a man!"
Virus says: "You're on!"
The cars turn off; one of the cars get the hood flipped open, revealing the Virus.
Virus says: "I hope your body is ready, because I'm gonna turn it into a cesspit of pain."
Virus says: "Not just regular pain, it will be a seven-course banquet of pain."
Virus says: "There will be a starter of suffering, a fish course of torment, and excruciating dessert!"
Virus says: "And just when you think you're full, you'll be served..."
Virus says: "a coffee and biscotti of misery!"
Gumball simply steps on the Virus, producing a "squish" sound and subsequently ending the episode.