The Best of Elmore Stream.
The episode starts off with clips from past episodes on Elmore Stream. First it shows Tobias' "X-treme Pranking" video. It then shows a clip from "The Money" when Richard drove through the convience store. Gumball's "HIP FLOP" video is shown next. Lastly, Banana Joe's "Bodyjam" video. A title then comes up saying "The Best of Elmore Stream". Scene changes to Mike interviewing Felicity while they are on the news.
Mike says: "Ma'am, do you find the new speed bumps in your neighborhood a nuisance?"
Felicity says: "Yes."
Felicity says: "I believe these imported speed bumps do not fit the regulation standards."
Marvin is behind them on his mobility scooter, and drives on one of the speed bumps. The bump speeds up Marvin's scooter in a racing game-esque way.
Marvin says: "Aahh!"
Marvin crashes into a pile of cars.
Scene changes to Gumball and the evil turtle. The turtle is on top of Gumball's head, trying to appear as one person, and Gumball is trying to pour cereal in the bowl while the evil turtle keeps hissing.
Gumball says: "Ooh-hoo-hoo!"
Gumball says: "I'm very hungry today."
Gumball says: "Let's make something to eat."
Gumball knocks stuff over on the table, trying to pour cereal in a bowl.
Gumball says: "Mmm."
The evil turtle bites Gumball's hand, causing him to scream.
Backflip Fail and More.
Next clip shows Banana Joe trying to record himself doing a back flip.
Banana Joe says: "It's back flip time!"
Banana Joe says: "One..."
Banana Joe says: "two..."
Banana Joe says: "three..."
Banana Joe back flips out of his banana peel and falls back in upside down. The video cuts and Banana Joe tries again.
Banana Joe says: "It's back flip time!"
Banana Joe says: "Again."
Banana Joe says: "One..."
Banana Joe says: "two..."
Banana Joe says: "three..."
Banana Joe back flips again, and goes through his peel onto the floor. The video cuts again and he tries one more time.
Banana Joe says: "Okay."
Banana Joe says: "It's back flip time."
Banana Joe says: "This time it'll work."
Banana Joe says: "One, two, three!"
Banana Joe flies up to the ceiling and gets stuck. Banana Bob comes in his room and puts his banana peel in a basket. Banana Joe falls on the floor.
Banana Joe says: "Ta-da..."
Next scene is Tony walking while a Tuba guy is following him, making noises.
Tony says: "Hey!"
Drum Kit guy walks by and sneezes.
The next scene shows Principal Brown walking at the mall, and he looks at a carpet through the glass of a store display, the carpet material looking like his own fur. He stops and gasps.
Nigel Brown says: "No."
Nigel Brown says: "No!"
Nigel Brown says: "Oh, no!"
Nigel Brown says: "Grandmaaa!"
Gumball and Darwin's Challenges.
Gumball and Darwin record themselves on the bus.
Gumball says: "Silly face challenge!"
Darwin says: "Silly face challenge!"
Darwin says: "Nose baby!"
Gumball changes his face.
Gumball says: "Lips monster!"
Darwin changes his face.
Darwin says: "Sassy gangster!"
Gumball changes his face and smooches.
Gumball says: "Space Grinch!"
Darwin changes his face.
Darwin says: "Chin creature!"
Sussie comes up behind them.
Sussie says: "Aah!"
Gumball and Darwin clap.
Gumball says: "And..."
Gumball says: "I think we have a winner."
Scene changes Gumball and Darwin on the couch.
Gumball says: "Belching challenge!"
Darwin says: "Belching challenge!"
Gumball and Darwin both burp for a few seconds, Darwin gets tired while Gumball keeps going. Darwin looks at him and Gumball's legs begin to go through his mouth. Darwin moves the camera to show Gumball's legs are not where they should be anymore.
Darwin says: "I think we have our winner."
Scene changes to them outside.
Gumball says: "High-pitched voice challenge!"
Darwin says: "High-pitched voice challenge!"
Gumball stops while Darwin keeps going so high he breaks the screen.
Darwin says: "Oh, no!"
Darwin says: "I broke the camera!"
Gumball says: "I don't think it was the camera."
The glass shatters and drops away to show the Void.
Phone Unboxing.
Scene changes to Tobias in his room.
Tobias says: "Hi, guys, this is my new phone-unboxing video."
Tobias says: "My old phone told me it needed an update, so I followed its advice, threw it away, and my dad bought me a new one."
Tobias says: "Here comes the moment of truth..."
Old Doctor says: "Clamp."
Handshakes.
Scene changes to Gumball and Darwin crossing paths at the school playground.
Gumball says: "Hey dude."
Darwin says: "Hey dude."
Gumball says: "Alright, bye."
Darwin says: "See ya later."
They both walk away.
ButterSmear.
Scene changes to Richard recording himself in his children's room.
Richard says: "I love butter."
Richard says: "But "science" claims that the body is not designed to consume only butter."
Richard says: "Well, man has been known to overcome every obstacle in his existence."
Richard says: "We've been on the moon, and proved the Earth is flat, and Albert Einstein brought a guy named Frank back from the grave!"
Richard says: "So I'll tell you what, real science is not taking no for an answer."
Richard says: "Ladies and gentlemen, I give you..."
Richard says: "If you're watching this video, please call an ambulance."
Exercise.
Scene changes to a screen reading "Four Steps to get in Shape". The screen changes to show Coach at the football field.
Coach  Russo says: "Alright everyone, lemme show you how you can go from this..."
Coach  Russo says: "This was four steps to get in shape with Coach Russo."
The Grieving.
Scene changes to a black screen. An ominous voice reads words as they appear on-screen.
Ominous Voice says: "Warning: NOT for the faint-hearted."
Ominous Voice says: "You are about to see the first real footage of a lost episode called..."
Ominous Voice says: "THE GRIEVING."
Ominous Voice says: "Most people who have watched it have never been seen again."
Ominous Voice says: "The Grieving contains scenes that some viewers may find extremely upsetting."
Ominous Voice says: "The Amazing World of Gumball cannot and will not accept any responsibility for the effects of what you are about to see."
Ominous Voice says: "You..."
Ominous Voice says: "have..."
Ominous Voice says: "been..."
Ominous Voice says: "warned."
The screen is black for a few seconds, and then cuts away to the Saxophone Chihuahua.
Hydrant Karma.
A blue Sausage Dog walks up to a fire hydrant and sniffs it. He lifts his leg to use the bathroom on it.
Fire Hydrant says: "Hey!"
Scene changes to show Gumball and Darwin appear on their doorstep. They then tumble onto the sidewalk where Gumball plays a ukulele, and they sing "Weird Like You and Me".
Gumball says: "You're my half-brother and my fully-fledged friend."
Darwin says: "We're buddies forever from beginning to the end."
Gumball says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Darwin says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Darwin says: "Don't have to look beside me to know that you are there."
Gumball and Darwin appear as one-merged character.
Gumball says: "If two things act as one are they still a pair?"
Darwin says: "If two things act as one are they still a pair?"
Gumball and Darwin turn back to normal.
Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!
Anais appears.
Anais says: "I'm the sugar, you're the lemons, we're a weird lemonade."
But you're Kisses Gumball on the cheek.
Gumball says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Darwin says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Anais says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Camera then cuts to Nicole and Richard.
Nicole says: "You're my right-hand guy and the shoulder that I cry on."
Richard says: "My brains when I'm confused, an arm to lean a while on."
Nicole says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody's weird like you and me!"
Richard says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody's weird like you and me!"
The Wattersons says: "If we're going different ways you're my kind of guy."
Difference doesn't matter, if nobody's the same!
The Wattersons says: "There is no two clouds alike in the great big sky."
Masami says: "There is no two clouds alike in the great big sky."
Hector​ says: "Or your mom could be a witch."
Mrs. Jötunheim pours some potions into a pot, causing an explosion.
Sussie says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody's weird just like Sussie!"
Teri says: "If you're fragile as PAPER!"
Carrie says: "Or made of nothing at all."
Idaho says: "You still won't be as weird as a potato head!"
William says: "Or a flying eyeball."
Clown says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me."
Scene changes to Granny Jojo and Louie at the park, sitting on a bench.
Granny Jojo says: "Your age doesn't matter; it's only skin deep."
Louie says: "And when I'm around you, Jojo, my pacemaker skips a beat!"
The Wattersons says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Camera flies to space, showing Gumball and Penny.
Penny​ says: "So don't be scared to come out of your shell too."
Gumball says: "There's always someone out there to love the real you."
Planets says: "Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!"
Camera falls back down on Earth.
If we're going different ways you're my kind of guy.
Difference doesn't matter, If nobody's the same!
Invisible Girl says: "A space for every star in the great big sky."
All says: "Do Do Do-Do Do Do-Do Do Do-Do-Do!"
Do Do Do-Do Do Do-Do Do Do-Do-Do!
Nobody's a nobody and everybody is weird like you and me!
Weird like you and me!
Scene fades to black, but then cuts to the Saxophone Chihuahua once again.
Episode ends.