The Tension.
The Wattersons are eating dinner together.
Gumball says: "Could you pass me the salt, please, Anais?"
Anais says: "But of course."
Anais throws a saltshaker at Gumball. The saltshaker flies past him, which scrapes some fur off of the top of his head. A few pieces of salt end up on his head, which Gumball sprinkles onto his dinner.
Gumball says: "Thank you."
Anais says: "My pleasure."
Anais says: "May I have the gravy, please, Darwin?"
Darwin says: "Gladly."
Darwin pours all the gravy onto Anais's dinner, then blows it into her face. Nicole wipes away some gravy that got on her.
Nicole says: "Now, now."
Nicole says: "Maybe a little dessert will sweeten you."
Nicole tries to throw a cake at Gumball and Darwin, but they dodge it and Richard catches the cake.
Richard says: "I barely got to lick the icing!"
Richard walks back to his seat with the cake in his hand.
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, you licked the cake?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Well, duh!"
Richard says: "How else can you tell they're ripe when you buy them at the store?"
Richard says: "Anyway, what's with all the tension?"
Nicole, Anais, Darwin, and Gumball cross their arms and turn away from each other.
Richard says: "Right, I think it's time we lay it all out on the table."
Darwin says: "She made us believe we only had 24 hours to live because of a disease called gullibilitis!"
Gumball says: "And that our butts were gonna fall off and everything inside of us was gonna spill out from the bottom like an undercooked flan!"
Anais says: "I only wrote that in my diary to teach you a lesson about privacy."
Gumball says: "I was so distressed I spent the whole afternoon by the lake listening to soft rock while cross-fading!"
Richard says: "You what?"
Anais says: "Well maybe you shouldn't have dazzled the toilet seat."
Anais says: "My butt looks like a Fabergé egg!"
Gumball says: "No amount of butt dazzling can make up for the day we had because of you!"
Gumball throws some mashed potatoes at Anais. Anais throws mashed potatoes back at Gumball. Darwin tries to throw mashed potatoes at Anais but misses and hits Nicole.
Nicole says: "Oh, you little..."
Nicole, Anais, Darwin, and Gumball keep throwing mashed potatoes at each other.
Richard says: "Stop fighting!"
Nicole, Anais, Darwin, and Gumball cross their arms and turn away from each other.
Richard says: "First of all, that is how you crashed the car earlier."
Richard says: "Secondly, what I meant by lay it all out on the table was the game!"
Richard says: "Sorry Gumball, you rolled a two in stealth."
Richard says: "Get back here."
Gumball says: "How's this gonna help?"
The Game.
Richard says: "All right, against each other, I guess."
Richard says: "But you're interrupted, by a mysterious voice."
Witch says: "Do you want to be rich?"
Testosterona says: "How rich are we talking, enough to get my kids new battle armor?"
Witch says: "More."
Norovirus says: "Enough to get healthcare against loss of limbs and dental for my tooth?"
Witch says: "Even more."
Mario Kebab says: "Enough for us to pay to get into a good pillaging college?"
Witch says: "The riches I speak of are to be found in the Black Crystal Dungeon, and they will give you a lifetime of joy, but the road to the dungeon and the treasure is treacherous, but not as treacherous as-  Huh?"
The Voyage.
Norovirus says: "The treasure will be mine!"
Testosterona says: "Not if I get there first, wizard!"
Norovirus tries to teleport in front of Testosterona, but she keeps pulling her back. Mario Kebab and Frumpet chant "treasure" while they all cross a log.
Mario Kebab says: "Who comes up with these names, man?"
Richard says: "Sorry, that was a cheese curl stuck in my throat."
Richard says: "It's called the forest of Grok, and there's an Owlbear blocking your path."
The Owlbear screeches.
Richard says: "Everyone, roll for initiative."
Everyone rolls. Gumball has the highest number.
Gumball says: "I guess it's me first."
Richard says: "What are you gonna do?"
Gumball says: "I throw Norovirus into the mouth of the Owlbear."
Norovirus says: "Oh, come on!"
Richard says: "Darwin, you're next."
Richard says: "What do you do?"
Frumpet says: "I play a merry tune and I dance."
Mario Kebab says: "Ah, hahahaha!"
Richard says: "Ugh."
Richard says: "Nicole, what do you do?"
Nicole says: "Testosterona sits this one out."
Nicole says: "She already crashed her station horse wagon because of these fools."
Richard says: "All right, whatever."
Richard says: "He swallows you."
Richard says: "Norovirus, what do you do?"
Norovirus says: "I perform a suggestion charm."
Anais says: "17 plus 2 intelligence bonus, 19!"
Richard says: "Finally, someone's getting into the game and playing it properly."
Anais says: "Mario Kebab, Frumpet, head-butt yourselves in the butt as you walk towards the Owlbear."
Richard says: "Ugh!"
Mario Kebab and Frumpet's butts magically come out in front of them, and head-butt themselves into them as they walk into the mouth of the Owlbear. The Owlbear chews for a bit and swallows.
Richard says: "Right."
Richard says: "You're now all inside the stomach of the beast."
Richard says: "What do you do before your last breath?"
Gumball says: "I pop Norovirus in the face."
Richard says: "Your attack roll is one, you miss, and hit Testosterona."
Nicole says: "Then I enter a rage and I swing my sword!"
All of the Wattersons' characters start fighting inside the Owlbear. The Owlbear spits out blasts of Norovirus' wand and eventually explodes. The Wattersons' characters lay on the ground.
Richard says: "Okay, you're fighting again, but somehow your literal internal struggle frees you from the beast."
Richard says: "However, you are hurt, and in the remains of the beast you find its fire gland."
Richard says: "What do you do?"
Norovirus says: "I pick it up."
Richard says: "Of course!"
Richard says: "With your knowledge of potions you can use it to heal everyone."
Norovirus says: "No, I throw it at Mario Kebab's face."
Mario Kebab says: "I throw it at Testosterona."
Testosterona says: "And I throw it at Frumpet."
Everyone starts fighting again.
Richard says: "Despite your constant bickering, you continue your journey towards the dungeon."
Spirited music plays while the Wattersons' characters progress in the game. The characters are at "The Sphinxes".
Richard says: "The Sphinx gives you this question: What comes up from the deepest darkest mine, rots men's souls, and lingers in their senses?"
Testosterona says: "The dungeon master's toots?"
Richard says: "Ugh, the answer was gold."
The map shows the characters at Lake Maer. Darwin is shown washing himself at the lake, but gets more gruesome every time he washes himself.
Darwin says: "Ah!"
Norovirus is seen laughing, but a tsunami appears, and it is revealed that Darwin was throwing water from a cup at Anais.
They continue their journey to the Estrala Mountains. Darwin and Anais are fighting over a card while Nicole throws the die and lands a 20. Testosterona is about to throw a spear at a giant snake, but Darwin jostles the table and the die changes to a 2. Testosterona plants the spear into her foot and the snake starts eating her.
Anais says: "Give me that!"
Anais says: "Let go of it!"
Later, in a forest, a giant walks by, not noticing them, but Norovirus sparks a flame by Frumpet's feet. He screams, and the giant punches him.
They are crossing an icy bridge that Norovirus is forming. Mario Kebab cracks the ice with his axe and laughs, but everyone falls through the ice except for Norovirus, who keeps going.
The line on the map showing their journey starts zigzagging.
Gumball says: "Where are we even going?"
Darwin says: "I think it's this way!"
Anais says: "No, I think it's over here!"
Nicole says: "No, ugh, listen, we already went that way!"
The line goes off the map, and the characters fall off the edge of the world. Richard pauses the tape playing epic music.
Richard says: "In the name of Gygax's beard, stop fighting, otherwise we'll be here all night!"
Richard says: "Ugh."
Richard says: "Before you plummet into the depths of the nether floor, an astral portal appears and conveniently teleports you across the kingdom to the entrance of..."
Richard says: "the Black Crystal Dungeon!!"
Nicole says: "Hm."
Nicole says: "Kinda sounds like a night club."
Witch says: "Come closer, my valorous warriors!"
Gumball says: "It's a trap."
Richard says: "It's not a trap!"
Anais says: "It's totally a trap."
Richard says: "No it ain't."
Mario Kebab says: "This is more trap than an autotuned rapper."
Richard says: "Yeah, okay, it's a trap."
Richard says: "The beast swallows the treasure!"
Mario Kebab says: "Beast?"
Mario Kebab says: "LOL!"
Mario Kebab says: "It looks more like a police drawing of the imaginary friend of some crayon-eating kid!"
Witch Monster says: "LOL all you want!"
Witch Monster says: "I lured you here for food!"
Witch Monster says: "And a band of warriors is easier to swallow when they've been chewing each other up all day!"
Richard says: "You face certain doom!"
Richard says: "What are you gonna do?"
Gumball says: "Right."
Gumball says: "We're gonna have to use our greatest weapon."
Gumball says: "BLAME!"
Everyone breaks out into another fight. Richard, amidst all the flying dice, pencils and cheese curls, sighs and rolls the die.
Richard says: "The tarrasque successfully attacks."
Richard says: "You all lose 30 HP."
Gumball says: "Okay!"
Gumball says: "Time out!"
Gumball says: "BLAME!"
Gumball says: "But this time, we blame the game master for making us spend time together!"
Gumball says: "So now it's us against you."
The Final Battle.
Mario Kebab says: "I heard the beast say Testosterona's neck was so thick, she'd have to wear drapes as a necktie!"
Norovirus says: "And I heard it ask if she's wearing hairy boots, or if she just forgot to shave her legs!"
Frumpet says: "And I heard it say her hair looks great!"
Testosterona says: "Aw!"
Frumpet says: "Said it makes her look fifty again!"
Nicole says: "I fly into an epic barbarian rage and take my anger out on the beast!"
Richard says: "Your attack works!"
Richard says: "The beast is weakened!"
Richard says: "Who's next?"
Darwin says: "Me!"
Darwin says: "I play a seduction ballad to woo the monster!"
Richard says: "But you can't!"
Richard says: "It's an animal!"
Darwin says: "Yeah, but it's half-witch!"
Frumpet busts out his flute and dances as he plays a seductive tune. The beast is hit by glittering pink beams and it looks at Frumpet with hearts in its eyes.
Richard says: "Hahaha!!"
Richard says: "What do you do now?"
Richard says: "The creature is in love with you!"
Darwin says: "I break up with her!"
Darwin says: "By text message!"
Richard says: "Ha ha!"
Richard says: "Okay!"
Richard says: "I'll use Rule of Cool for that one."
The beast is seen crying and sad music plays.
Richard says: "The beast is down, but not defeated!"
Richard says: "Mario!"
Richard says: "It lunges at you, its fangs bared!"
Richard says: "What do you do?"
Gumball says: "Uhh--I panic and scream!!!"
Anais says: "I cast a portal spell between Mario Kebab and the tarrasque!"
Richard says: "Its head disappears into the portal, just before it bites Mario!"
Richard says: "Where is the other portal opening?"
Anais says: "Its butt!"
Richard says: "Good one!"
Richard says: "The beast loses more HP through shame!"
Richard says: "Suddenly, the monster rears and plans to strike!"
Richard says: "Whaddya say to that?"
Mario Kebab says: "Snack break?"
Everyone nods. Cut to the Wattersons eating Joyful Burger. Back to game.
Richard says: "The beast has eaten so much it is exhausted and on the verge of defeat!"
Richard says: "But you too have overeaten, and are now on the edge of a food coma!"
Richard says: "What do you do?"
The Greatest Lesson of All.
Darwin's singing underscores the entire scene. Anais lifts up her pencil and the scene cuts to Norovirus, creating wind with her staff. Testosterona throws Mario Kebab at the monster. Gumball throws the die. It almost lands on a 2, but changes to a 20. The Wattersons cheer as Mario Kebab delivers a blow to the monster. He explodes! When the dust settles, the chest is seen again.
Richard says: "As the light fades, you see the chest!"
Mario Kebab says: "The treasure!"
Richard says: "You open it, and inside find only a small piece of parchment."
Mario Kebab says: ""The greatest treasure on earth is the time you spend together."
Gumball says: "Lame."
Mario Kebab, Frumpet, Norovirus, and Testosterona start crying with joy and share a group hug. Fade to the Wattersons, in the same position. They all look at Richard, who shrugs with an "I told you so" expression.