Gumball's Bad Mood.
The episode begins with everyone banging on Gumball's door and yelling for him.
Darwin says: "Gumball, you promised!"
Richard says: "Mom wants me to vacuum the house, but I was planning to ask you instead!"
Nicole says: "No, he promised to come to the mall with me so I could try makeup on him, to see how it looks on me!"
Anais says: "But he said he would teach me the Finger-Touch-Heart-Disintegrating-Move so I can use it on that kid who pushed me off the seesaw!"
Darwin says: "Hey!"
Darwin says: "I asked first, and he said we would practice wheelbarrow racing for the county fair!"
Everyone starts banging on the door again and yelling for Gumball, then suddenly Gumball yells.
Gumball says: "NO!"
Everyone walks in the room, and Gumball is in bed.
Darwin says: "But why?"
Gumball turns his face to everyone, showing a grouchy face.
Gumball says: "Because I'm in a bad mood."
Nicole says: "About what?"
Gumball says: "Oh, I don't know."
Gumball says: "Maybe it's because you just- um..."
Starts to mumble.
Anais says: "He's in such a bad mood, he can't even finish his sarcastic comeback!"
Everyone "awws" and starts petting him, and Gumball growls.
Richard says: "You know what I do when I'm feeling down?"
Richard says: "I pretend to be happy till I find that I am."
Nicole says: "I thought you just ate chili dogs."
Richard says: "The chili dog is a crucial stage, but the point is, you need to get up and get back into the swing of things."
Still petting Gumball, his face sinks in. Suddenly, he explodes.
Gumball says: "I DON'T CARE!"
Gumball says: "Darn it, why can't you just GO AWAY AND LEAVE ME IN PEACE?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Warp sound, Gumball opens his eyes.
His Family's Disappearance.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "guys?"
Gumball enters the living room with the mattress on his back, looking around.
Gumball says: "If you're all hiding so I'd get up, I would like to point out that technically I haven't left my bed, so you don't win!"
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "If everyone is really gone, then no one would mind if I did this."
Gumball has a weird looking face and knocks over a lamp, the lamp hits the TV, that knocks over and hits a shelf, stuff on the top of the shelf like a vase, falls and then a vase bounces back up and hits the shelf back to where it was, the shelf knocks the TV back where it was, then the TV hits the lamp then hits Gumball, and then he falls.
Gumball says: "Good."
Gumborg, the Creator.
Cut to the inside of a LEGO building in Gumball's living room. A few figures are inside.
Mr. Pumpernickle says: "Morning, Mrs."
Mr. Pumpernickle says: "Pumpernickle."
Mr. Pumpernickle says: "What a beautiful day!"
Mrs. Pumpernickle says: "Yes, that's why we live in Brickopolis, where nothing ever goes wrong."
Mr. Pumpernickle says: "Hark, it looks like Little Jimmy wants to tell us something."
Gumball says: "I am Gumborg, your creator."
Brickopolis Citizen says: "Yay!"
Brickopolis Citizen says: "Gumborg has come back to spread love and guidance!"
Gumball says: "WRONG!"
Brickopolis Citizens says: "AAAAAAAH!"
Gumball starts stepping on the city while laughing evilly. He accidentally steps on Little Jimmy.
Gumball says: "Little Jimmy, I banish thee to the eternal swirling void of Lavatoria."
Gumball throws Little Jimmy in the toilet and flushes it. Little Jimmy pops back up after a few seconds.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "Being in a bad mood isn't as fun as I thought."
Gumball says: "I need something that will lift my spirits."
Gumball says: "Something that will nourish my mind and heart, filling them with joy, something that will prove to me that the world isn't such a bad place!"
The TV is shown. Gumball sighs, relaxed, and turns it on.
Terrible World.
Newscaster says: "Approximately forty-six percent of the lakes in America are too polluted for fish, aquatic life, or swimming."
Newscaster says: "And that number is expected to rise in the coming minutes."
Newscaster says: "And now for the weather."
Weather Reporter says: "Well, today will be great!"
Another TV Man says: "And here we have a family of rare golden toads,..."
Another TV Man says: "and now for a commercial break."
TV Woman says: "Are you unhappy with the way you look?"
TV Woman says: "You should be."
TV Woman says: "With our shampoo, you can desperately try to obtain unreachable standards of digitally altered beauty."
Gumball screams and throws the remote at the TV, breaking the screen.
Gumball says: "I know, music!"
Gumball says: "I will use the power of music."
Life Can Make You Smile.
Gumball says: "Look at me as I'm standing here,I've got happy on my face, I've got nothing to fear!"
Gumball says: "I've got my legs, eyes, ears, my teeth and gumsI've got six working fingers and opposable thumbs."
Life can make you smile!Well, look around and you'll see it everywhere, I saidLife can make you smile!So I carry on smiling cause I haven't got a care!
A power-shower can lift you from a rut,Although the shower curtain keeps on sticking to my butt...I'm loving orange juice, so I fill it to the brim,But after cleaningy teeth, the taste is pretty grim.
I love the scent of flowers, but so do all the bees!And the pollen, AHCHOO! brings out my allergiesAnd video games, they stop me from feeling glumAlthough after an hour, they start to hurt my thumbs.
Life can be a trial!Look around you and you'll see it everywhereLife can be a trial!But I'll try to get through it and pretend that I don't care.
But this game's too hard, I got stuck on level eightThat ain't the only thing about it that I hate!I've got the sun on the screen and the 'net's too slow,And the ice has diluted down my soda, don't you know?There's the dripping faucet and the creaking doorMan, I'm so exhausted, I can't take it anymore!
Why is life so vile?!Look around you, it's out to bring you down, I saidWhy is life so vile?!And even this song has become annoying now!
Gumball falls on the floor, then sliding on his face, goes into the kitchen.
Gumball says: "Uggh."
Gumball says: "Maybe food will fill the gap in my soul."
Loaf-Loaf.
Gumball throws down a book and flips the pages and stops on a page.
Gumball says: "Happy recipes."
Gumball says: "Meatloaf for a family of five, that's comfort food, right?"
Gumball says: "Okay, first chop the onions, but be careful."
Gumball says: "UNLESS YOU MAKE THEM CRY FIRST!"
Gumball hits the onion and then it hits him in the face and he falls. He gets up.
Gumball says: "Next, you'll need some meat and bread crumbs."
Gumball says: "I don't have any meat so I guess I will just double up on the old bread crumbs."
Gumball says: "Ah, well, who needs them anyway?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Dinner Table.
Gumball sits at the dinner table with five plates full of loaf-loaf.
Gumball says: "So how do you guys like my loaf loaf?"
Gumball switches to another seat, acting like Nicole.
Gumball/Nicole says: "Oh, it's nice, it's like all the flavors collide and explode in your mouth giving it a distinctive..."
Gumball/Nicole says: "."
Gumball/Nicole says: "burnt tire taste."
Gumball switches to another seat acting like Darwin.
Gumball/Darwin says: "Dude, I love what you did with the onions  and it was great to taste them again."
Gumball switches to another seat acting like Anais.
Gumball/Anais says: "I would say we were going to get food poisoning,  but there is no way this counts as food."
Gumball switches to another seat acting like Richard.
Gumball/Richard says: "Yeah, it's disgusting, but you see food is just like..."
Gumball/Richard says: "food, even when it's bad, it's still pretty good."
Gumball/Nicole says: "So, Gumball, how was your day?"
Gumball says: "Everything was just peachy."
Gumball says: "I'm doing fine despite all of you ditching me."
Gumball says: "In case you didn't notice, that was sarcasm."
Gumball/Richard says: "Nice."
Gumball/Richard says: "Seriously, though, is there anymore loaf-loaf?"
Gumball says: "Urgggh!"
The World's Disappearance.
Outside, Gumball starts angrily walking down the sidewalk with his eyes closed, shoving "people" out of his way, despite no one being there.
Dissolve to Gumball walking in front of an empty parking lot; he stops.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "There must be an explanation for all of this."
Gumball says: "THINK!"
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "NEH."
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "NO ONE CARES ANYWAY."
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "I DON'T NEED ANYONE."
Gumball says: "Wait, what am I saying?"
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "STUPID TOWN."
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "I HATE LIVING HERE."
Gumball says: "What the—"
Gumball says: "What am I talking about?"
Gumball's Bad Mood says: "I HATE PUPPIES, CUPCAKES, AND RAINBOWS, TOO!"
Gumball says: "What, that's not true."
Gumball says: "I love rainbows."
Gumball says: "What's going on?"
Gumball says: "WHAT THE WHAT IS THAT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
A gigantic black mass that's consuming everything heads toward Gumball.
Gumball says: "The darkness, it's calling me."
Gumball says: "I feel like I should run, but my legs won't."
Gumball's legs start running.
Gumball says: "Oh, what do you know?"
Gumball says: "Good job, legs."
The black mass continues to approach Gumball, who is running. He begins to jump over a fence, then stops.
Gumball jumps over the fence and runs through his backdoor, into the kitchen, and into the living room. He stops on the couch and the darkness alters the pictures on the walls.
Gumball says: "The paintings, they're changing!"
Gumball says: "It's our sofa."
Gumball says: "So maybe the darkness is all in my head, but how do I get out of it?"
Gumball says: "Oh, what was it Dad said?"
Gumball says: "Oh, that's it."
Gumball says: ""When you're feeling down, you need to try and get back into the swing of things."
Hallucination of Richard appears.
Richard says: "When you're feeling down, you need to try and get back into the swing of things!"
Gumball says: "Yeah, Dad, that's what I just said."
Richard says: "Oh."
Richard disappears.
Gumball says: "No, no, wait, how though?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "I guess I just act like everyone's still here."
The hallucination of Richard returns.
Richard says: "Just act like everyone-- Never mind."
Richard disappears again.
Gumball says: "Hey, but-- What were you guys asking me to do again?"
Snapping Out of It.
Darwin says: "There you go!"
The darkness vanishes, revealing the rest of Gumball's family and everything else.
Gumball says: "Yes!"
Gumball says: "I'm glad all that was just in my head!"
Anais says: "Should we tell him?"
Nicole says: "Ehhh..."
Flashback to Gumball trying to flush Little Jimmy down the toilet. Nicole watches from in the shower.
Nicole says: "Uh..."
Nicole says: "okay..."
Flashback to Gumball in front of the business. Alan is next to him.
Gumball says: "Actually, Alan, if you heard that, never mind, I'd rather it's just me left in the world, than just me and you."
Alan says: "Cold."
Flashback to Gumball walking on the sidewalk and shoving "people." Timmy is playing in front of him.
Gumball says: "Everyone get out of my way!"
Gumball says: "I'm in a bad mood!"