Alan "Betrays" Gumball.
The episode starts in the Wattersons' house, as Gumball combs his hair and pulls up the skin of his face with a hair clip to force a smile; he prepares a fancy-looking sandwich in the kitchen, by adding several carrots, marshmallows, sushi, and other ingredients for the fancy sandwich. He then throws the sandwich in the oven, then less than two seconds, he takes it out of the oven. He sets the dinner table, which is decorated. He goes outside and sprinkles petals on the sidewalk to the entrance. Then Darwin notices him sprinkling petals to create a path to the house.
Darwin says: "Oh, is Penny coming over?"
Gumball says: "No, Arran."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Arran."
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Alan."
Darwin says: "Oohh, because you feel bad for constantly being angry at him for no valid reason, like when we did Secret Santa?"
Gumball says: "Come on!"
Gumball says: "It wasn't that bad."
Flashback to the Secret Santa event held in Miss Simian's classroom; Gumball tears the wrapping off the gift he received to reveal a limited edition The Tale of Zelmore game.
Gumball says: "Gosh darn it, man!"
Alan​​​ says: "You don't like it?"
Gumball says: "I love it!"
Gumball says: "It's thoughtful, expensive, and it makes my present look like something a rat would barf!"
Gumball violently throws his gift for Alan across the room and it breaks a window on the way out.
Gumball says: "It was a pair of fingerless gloves because you don't have fingers."
Gumball says: "But I just realized you don't have hands either, and yes, that makes me feel even worse!"
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Nah, it really wasn't that bad."
Darwin says: "Dude."
Darwin says: "When he apologized for making you feel bad, you roundhouse kicked him."
Flashback again to the Secret Santa event; Gumball is madly trying to attack Alan with a pencil while Darwin and two other classmates are struggling to hold him back. Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Fine."
Gumball says: "It was quite bad."
Gumball says: "But I'm not angry at him, I'm angry at myself..."
Gumball says: "Ok, I'm also kinda angry at him for making me feel bad about myself."
Gumball says: "Either way,  You know, as an apology."
The phone rings in the living room. Gumball picks up the receiver.
Gumball says: "Hello..."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Oh, ok, no problem."
Gumball says: "it sounded quite serious..."
Darwin says: "Maybe Alan's not coming because he's having too much fun somewhere else."
Darwin passes the laptop to Gumball, who sees a picture of Alan's family in a car.
Gumball says: "Ready for an awesome day out..."
He hands back the laptop.
Gumball says: "Eah, that could've been taken weeks ago."
Darwin points to the picture on the screen. In the background, a frustrated Gumball can be seen dressed like he is today as photographic evidence of the photo's recency.
Gumball says: "Gaaargh..."
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Gaaaaargh!"
Darwin says: "You don't even like the guy."
Darwin says: "Why do you care?"
Gumball says: "Because he lied about his mom to get out of our dinner!"
Gumball says: "He's a traitor!"
Gumball says: "At Joyful Burger!"
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Darwin says: "That you're gonna catch him red-handed?"
Gumball says: "I was thinkin' lunch,  but that's a much better idea!"
Catching Alan in the Act.
The scene changes to show Gumball and Darwin running into Joyful Burger. Larry is nearby wiping a table.
Gumball says: "Ah, we're too late – the suspects fled!"
Gumball says: "But where to..."
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Excuse me Larry."
Darwin says: "Have you seen a round guy that's blue?"
Darwin says: "He's this high , or sometimes this high, or this high– err– it kinda depends on the air temperature."
Larry shrugs and moves onto another table; Gumball sees where Larry is heading and gasps as he gets an idea.
Gumball says: "But what's this?"
Darwin says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Enhance image."
Pause.
Gumball says: "Enhance image!"
Darwin sighs and lifts the tray closer to Gumball's face; Gumball plucks a finger into the green glob and tastes it; Darwin puts down the tray impatiently.
Darwin says: "So, what is it?"
Gumball says: "Let's just say it's not ranch dressing."
Gumball says: "Looks like the feelings of guilt got too much for Alan's weak stomach."
People in the background says: "Ewww!"
Gumball says: "So he went for the light salad dressing instead!"
People in the background says: "Oohh..."
Gumball says: "Okay, so where did they go in such a hurry?"
Darwin says: "Freeze!"
Darwin says: "Look!"
Darwin says: "In the reflection!"
Gumball says: "They're going into the movie theater!"
Darwin says: "How did you guess?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Dude."
Gumball says: "I was looking at them."
Darwin says: "Oohhhh..."
Gumball looks around, then grabs the glasses off the face of Melted Cheese Guy, who was sitting near by.
Gumball says: "Hah!"
Gumball says: "Looks like this balloon..."
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Umm..."
Gumball says: "Thi-this bubble..."
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "This g'umm– this balloon's bubble is..."
Gumball says: "going to..."
Gumball says: "burst?"
Gumball says: "No no– I'm nearly there– uh – s-s-something with hot air– uh– full of air!"
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Looks like this balloon's cover is blown!"
Gumball sighs and holds out the glasses. Melted Cheese Guy puts them on with style.
Melted Cheese Guy says: "Yeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!"
Gumball and Darwin walk off as Melted Cheese Guy takes a sip of his soda. The scene changes to Gumball and Darwin outside a showroom at the movie theater with a large bag of items by them.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "and then he says "Please forgive me!"
Gumball says: "" and then I say "I'm sorry!"
Gumball says: "Forgiveness isn't on the menu but the chef recommends the sweet vengeance!"
Gumball says: "" And that's when you throw the maple syrup."
Gumball says: "And then I say "Don't worry – the topping is much lighter!"
Gumball says: "" And then you throw the feathers!"
Darwin says: "Isn't that a little over the top?"
Gumball says: "I didn't spend an hour plucking chickens for you to wuss out."
Darwin sighs; they get into the room; Gumball pops up and down between rows as the sounds of an oddly fitting action sequence of the movie playing is heard. He appears last behind a balloon-shaped figure sitting at the front row.
Gumball says: "Get ready for justice you lying, bloated, empty-knotted, rubber sack of gas!"
Gumball dives onto the figure and picks it up.
Billy says: "Aah!"
Billy says: "Mother!!!"
Gumball says: "Wait, what?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Felicity says: "My chiiiiild!"
Gumball says: "Darwin!"
Gumball says: "Do something!"
Darwin, overexcited, yells as throws maple syrup, and then feathers, on Billy; the movie is stopped and the lights flick on; the whole room gasps at the sight they see on the front row, all glaring at Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "Okay guys!"
Gumball says: "When I explain everything you will realize that I am the true victim here, 'kay?"
The scene cuts to the theater security staff about to toss Gumball and Darwin out the front door.
Gumball says: "Wait, wait!"
Gumball says: "I'll do it myself!"
They are put down; Gumball steps over to Darwin, picks him up and tosses him out, before calmly walking out after him.
Gumball says: "Thanks."
Darwin says: "Maybe we should just give up."
Gumball says: "Are you kidding?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "He's manipulated and tricked us, with no respect for our feelings!"
Gumball says: "All this to settle the score with me, because he's jealous of someone else being so comfortable in their own skin!"
Darwin says: "That doesn't sound like Alan."
Darwin says: "It sounds like you."
Alan's family, in their car, pass right in front of them.
Gumball says: "Quick, give me a quarter!"
Darwin says: "Why!"
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "If I can pierce their gas tank it'll leave a trail that'll lead right to them!"
Gumball says: "All I have to do is throw the coin so it bounces off the lamppost then deflects off the ground up into the tank which - Oh, they just stopped at the park."
The Park.
The scene cuts to the two of them running into the park.
Darwin says: "Aww, noo - they already left!"
Gumball gets down and puts an ear on the ground. He picks up a pebble and licks it intently.
Darwin says: "So where did they go?"
Gumball says: "Gee, I don't know - the guys float - they don't leave tracks."
Darwin says: "Then what was that all about?"
Gumball says: "Eah, it's just a bit o' bread."
Darwin says: "So they must've come here to feed the ducks!"
Gumball says: "So all we have to do is interrogate the ducks to know where Alan went next!"
Gumball says: "You can speak Animal!"
The scene cuts to Darwin by the pond, listening intently to some ducks quacking at him.
Gumball says: "So, what did they say?"
Darwin says: ""Bread bread bread, bread bread bread bread, bread bread bread."
A duck quacks again.
Darwin says: "Wait..."
Darwin says: "hold on!"
A duck quacks again.
Darwin says: "No, he said "bread..."
Chasing Alan.
The scene cuts to Darwin and Gumball walking through the suburbs as they sulk in defeat; Alan's family's car passes by them again; Gumball let's out a battle cry and sprints after it; Gumball runs after Alan's car; cut to Tony walking toward Gumball, who runs through Tony causing him to explode, then Hot Dog Guy is seen walking the sausage dog and Gumball runs through him, causing both of them to explode; Pantsbully is eating a hot dog and, once again, Gumball runs through him and causes an explosion; Gumball then follows the Keane's car into the hospital parking lot and bumps into Julius; surprisingly, nothing happens.
Julius says: "What?!"
Julius says: "!"
Julius explodes too.
Alan and his parents enter the elevator, and the doors close just as Gumball gets to them.
Gumball says: "Noooooooo!"
Gumball says: "We've lost them!"
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Darwin says: "The stairs!"
Gumball says: "Oh, yeah."
At the Hospital.
Cut to Alan's hospital room.
Gumball says: "Oh dagnabbit, I messed it up!"
Alan​​​ says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Everyone thinks you're so perfect, so I invited you over to make up for the way I treated you, but to avoid hanging out with me you lied about your mother being ill!"
Alan​​​ says: "But my mom is ill."
Gumball says: "Or maybe she's just exhausted from all the fun she's been having today!"
Alan​​​ says: "That was my Uncle Phil!"
Darwin says: "Alan, what's really going on here?"
Alan​​​ says: "The reason we're here is because my mom is having a flatulum transplant today."
Darwin says: "What's that?"
Alan​​​ says: "The flatulum is an organ only balloons possess."
Alan​​​ says: "We each have two."
Alan​​​ says: "They regulate the airflow through our balloon knots."
Alan​​​ says: "She couldn't find a compatible donor so I decided to give her one of mine."
Gumball and Darwin breathe in with guilt and embarrassment, biting their lips.
Alan​​​ says: "She's scared of the hospital."
Alan​​​ says: "So my dad and I wanted to give her the best day possible before her operation."
Alan​​​ says: "We took her to Joyful Burger, because that's where she met my dad!"
Gumball and Darwin breathe in with guilt and embarrassment, biting their fists.
Alan​​​ says: "Then we took her to the cinema because she used to dream of being an actress before she decided to devote her life to charity."
Gumball and Darwin double-facepalm in guilt and embarrassment.
Alan​​​ says: "Then we took her to the park because that's where she used to take me as a child."
Alan​​​ says: "Hmh, happier times."
Alan​​​ says: "I'm sorry I bailed on our meal, Gumball, but she needed me."
Alan notices dirt flying by his face. He sees Gumball and Darwin rapidly digging a hole amid the room.
Alan​​​ says: "What are you doing?"
Gumball says: "We're digging a hole so we can wallow in our shame!"
Alan​​​ says: "Before you do, can I ask for some help?"
Gumball says: "Yes, anything!"
Darwin says: "Yes, anything!"
Alan​​​ says: "You see, my dad's a surgeon and was due to perform the operation but you knocked him out when you burst through that door."
Camera turns to a beaten balloon person squished between the glass of the door and the wall.
Gumball says: "Say no more, my friend!"
Gumball says: "We'll perform the operation and we'll save your mother!"
Alan​​​ says: "No!"
Darwin sticks the nozzle of the anesthetic gas on Alan's face. Alan struggles for a while.
Alan​​​ says: "Seriously!"
Alan​​​ says: "There's medically qualified professionals all over..."
Gumball says: "Shhh, it's okay, we've got this..."
Darwin says: "Shhh, it's okay, we've got this..."
Gumball pulls on a rubber "glove," which turns out to be Uncle Phil.
Gumball says: "Sorry, Uncle Phil..."
Playing Surgeon.
Scene fades over to the operation room where pulse monitors show normal readings and Gumball and Darwin are dressed as surgeons.
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "Flatulum transplant..."
Gumball says: "Any ideas?"
Darwin says: "Try this!"
Darwin says: "Elmore Biology!"
Darwin gives gumball a picture book supposedly depicting the anatomies of different Elmore residents; however the book is a little weird, as Sarah and Hot Dog Guy appear to have skeletons and Rocky has a skeleton shaped like a giant hand referring to him being a puppet; they finally find the right pages.
Gumball says: "Ah, balloons!"
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "Flatulum transplant!"
Gumball says: "Okay..."
Gumball says: "Uuhh, ooh.."
Gumball says: "Not okay..."
Gumball peers through Alan's knot while Darwin examines the book.
Darwin says: "Look to your left."
Darwin says: "There should be a gland."
Gumball says: "Mmmm, no..."
Gumball says: "?"
Darwin says: "Okay, look to your right..."
Gumball says: "Mm..."
Gumball says: "nope!"
Darwin says: "What can you see?"
Gumball says: "Nothing!"
Gumball says: "This guy is full of air."
Darwin says: "Let me look..."
Darwin says: "Oh, you're right, all his organs are made of air!"
Gumball says: "Just grab anything; it'll probably be the flatulum."
Darwin pokes around inside Alan and pulls out an invisible airy organ, which suspiciously sounds like a beating heart.
Gumball says: "Uuuhhh, no."
Darwin plugs the organ back in.
Darwin says: "It's all invisible!"
The peg that was holding Alan's undone knot pops off and air starts gushing out; Darwin screams.
Darwin says: "Ahh!"
Darwin says: "He's gushing air everywhere!"
Gumball and Darwin are horrified as air blows all over their faces; Alan's heart rate monitor beeps without interruption as Darwin grabs hold of an invisible organ and passes it to Gumball.
Darwin says: "Here, grab the flatulum!"
Gumball says: "Got it!"
Gumball fails to grasp the slippery air organ and drops it onto the floor and shouts out in horror of what he's done; he falls on his knees and fumbles to find it.
Darwin says: "Quick!"
Darwin says: "We're losing him!"
Gumball says: "Give him CPR!"
Darwin tries, but it makes even more air come out, in bursts.
Darwin says: "It's not working!"
Gumball says: "Then try something else!"
Darwin steps in front of Alan in determination, tears off his surgical mask, and begins to blow in air to re-inflate the balloon; at that moment a band-aid doctor throws open the operating room door.
He sees Darwin, gasps, and backs away. The door swings closed.
Darwin says: "Uh– I think the anesthetic's worn off!"
Gumball says: "How can you tell?"
Alan​​​​ says: "MY INSIDES ARE POURING OUT!!!!"
Darwin says: "What do we do?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin and Alan are both screaming; Gumball, unamused, licks a finger and pokes it into the balloon opening, like a plug.
Gumball says: "Okay, now look for his flatulum."
Darwin takes a step and slips on an invisible organ.
Darwin says: "AAH!"
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "Found it..."
Gumball says: "Then scrape it off your shoe and prepare for surgery!"
The scene cuts to Gumball's face as he is immensely concentrated on the operation he's doing. Darwin presses a towel on Gumball's forehead to remove the sweat.
Gumball says: "Scalpel..."
Gumball says: "There you go!"
Darwin bites it with delight.
Darwin says: "Mmm, that's really good!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Huh, whah?"
Alan​​​​ says: "What are you doing?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Gumball says: "Havin' lunch."
Gumball says: "The operation was a complete success!"
Gumball and Darwin high five.
Gumball says: "Dude, weren't you wearing a watch?"
Darwin looks at his wrist, confused.
Alan​​​​ says: "Guys, please!"
Alan​​​​ says: "How is my mom?"
Gumball says: "Why don't you ask her yourself?"
Alan notices his parents on the next bed; they look tired, but well; Alan gasps.
Alan​​​​ says: "Thank you, Gumball, for saving my mother!"
Gumball says: "Nah.."
Jessica says: "Yes, thank you!"
Alan​​​​ says: "What the..."
Alan​​​​ says: "?!"
Alan​​​​ says: "!"
Alan​​​​ says: "Is she talking out of her backside now?"
Gumball stands up in anger and smashes the mayonnaise jar on the floor.
Gumball says: "Oh, nothing is ever good enough for you, is it, MISTER PERFECT?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Since when did you have a surgeon's licence?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, but please!"
Gumball says: "Judge away!"
Episode cuts to an end.