Getting Sucked Into Elmore Stream.
Gumball is on the computer, about to click a video on Elmore Stream-It.
Darwin says: "Don't do it!"
Gumball says: "I just need one, man."
Gumball says: "Just one video."
Gumball says: "Just let me hit one."
Darwin says: "No!"
Darwin says: "You'll end up disappearing down the Elmore Stream hole."
Darwin says: "There's no knowing how many precious hours you'll lose watching idiotic online videos."
Darwin says: "So back away from the PC."
Gumball says: "DON'T COME ANY CLOSER!"
Gumball says: "I'LL DO IT!"
Gumball says: "I'LL CLICK!"
Darwin says: "Don't!"
Darwin says: "Just stay calm, take your hands away from the keyboard."
Gumball whimpers in fear.
Darwin says: "Now slowly walk away from the computer."
Gumball does in response.
Darwin says: "Now turn around."
Darwin says: "Nice and easy."
Gumball turns and has the mouse in his hand, then Darwin's pupils contract.
Darwin says: "Don't!"
Darwin says: "You got too much to live for!"
Darwin says: "You got family, right?"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Darwin says: "You got friends, yeah?"
Gumball says: "Uh-huh."
Darwin says: "You got a girlfriend, too."
Gumball whimpers and starts crying.
Darwin says: "Then why waste your life online like this?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I've gone too far."
Gumball says: "It's too late for me."
Gumball says: "It's too late."
Darwin says: "It's never too late to choose life..."
Darwin says: "instead of the Internet."
Darwin says: "Just drop the mouse."
Gumball starts breathing rapidly.
Darwin says: "You got too much to live for!"
Darwin says: "Drop the mouse!"
Darwin says: "DROP THE MOUSE!"
Darwin says: "DROP IT!"
Darwin says: "DROP IT NOW!"
Darwin says: "DROP IT!!!"
Gumball says: "OKAY, OKAY!"
Gumball drops the mouse.
Darwin says: "NOOOOOO!"
Mouse falls clicking on the left mouse button, clicking a video. The computer pulls Gumball and Darwin to it.
Darwin says: "Well, I guess one's okay."
Gumball says: ""William Exam Fail."
Video starts playing.
Jamie says: "Ha!"
Jamie says: "Check this out."
Lucy Simian says: "You can turn over your test paper now."
William struggles to turn over his test. He pushes his test to one side of his desk, then to the other and to the other side again. William does this six more times. William then flutter his wings at the paper from above, then a little lower. Then he flutters from the side of the desk. Then the other. William sheds a single tear and sticks himself to the paper. He flips the paper over and slides it onto the desk from the side.
Teri says: "Oh, sorry, William."
Teri says: "Here."
Teri flips his paper back over. William gets angry and causes an explosion in the classroom, breaking Jamie's camera. The video ends.
Darwin says: "Okay, just one more."
Another video plays.
Sussie says: "DAH, hello!"
Sussie says: "Today I'll show you how to get rid of those pesky blemishes."
Sussie says: "DAH!"
Sussie says: "First, you need a little foundation."
Bobert says: "COMMUNICATION ERROR: You are not friends with Gumball."
Bobert says: "LOGIC ERROR: Why are you doing it then?"
Alan​​​​ says: "What's the harm in having a little fun while helping others?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Anyway, the knowledge that I'm doing my bit for those less fortunate than me will keep me warm."
Bobert says: "NEGATIVE --  Altruistic aid of others will provide zero insulation."
Alan​​​​ says: "Okay, you know, Bobert, sometimes you can be a little too literal, you know?"
Alan​​​​ says: "Just pour the ice bucket, please?"
Bobert proceeds to pour the ice bucket.
Darwin says: "Oh, hey!"
Darwin says: "What about "Game Review"?"
An advertisement begins starting from a man's back.
Man says: "Every journey is a circle turning in squares."
Calculator Game Review.
The video cuts to the video "Game Review" that Gumball and Darwin intended to watch.
Richard says: "Okay, hi."
Richard says: "This week, I'm reviewing this game I found was part of my computer."
Richard says: "It's not as good as Minesweeper or Solitaire, but it's worth a shot."
Richard says: "Okay, so, I'm just loading up the game now."
Gumball says: "Ah, ah, "Gorilla vs Killer Whale!"
Gumball and Darwin click the video. "Saxophone Chihuahua" plays instead.
Tobias​​​​ says: "Hey, this is Tobias Wilson, and this prank is called "The Rise and Shine."
Tobias​​​​ says: ""  Yeah!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "Okay, it's five A."
Tobias​​​​ says: "M."
Tobias​​​​ says: ", and my dad is about to get up for work."
Tobias​​​​ says: "But I put a skateboard at the bottom of the stairs."
Tobias​​​​ says: "Shh!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "Let's see what happens."
Harold walks down the stairs and trips and falls on the skateboard, waking up Jackie in the process. Harold sees Tobias and immediately thinks he is being robbed.
Tobias​​​ says: "What the..."
Tobias​​​ says: "?"
Harold​​​​ says: "Aah!"
Harold​​​​ says: "Honey!"
Harold​​​​ says: "We're being robbed!"
Jackie screams and at the same time an alarm starts blaring. Harold calls the police while Jackie throws objects at Tobias.
Harold​​​​ says: "Hello, police!"
Harold​​​​ says: "We have an intruder!"
Harold​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Harold​​​​ says: "He's probably armed and dangerous, and he's wearing a rap-music hat."
Tobias​​​​ says: "Guys, guys, it's me!"
Tobias​​​​ says: "This is a prank."
Tobias​​​​ says: "You just got Tobias'd."
Harold​​​​ says: "Of course!"
Harold​​​​ says: "Well, that makes this terrible ordeal funny all of a sudden."
Harold​​​​ says: "You're grounded."
Gumball says: "Wha..."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball says: ""The Amazing World of Gumball - Movie Trailer?"
Darwin says: "Click it."
Gumball does in response. The video begins with a blue screen showing "the following trailer has been authorized for all audiences by the Feature Film Association of Elmore." Immediately after, "Saxophone Chihuahua" starts playing again. Gumball groans.
Another video plays, beginning with the title, a view of the sky and a sitar strumming. The video transitions to Mr. Small, sitting in a grassy field with a boombox and a CD.
Mister Small​​ says: "Welcome to "A Little Moment of Calm," with me -- Mr."
Mister Small​​ says: "Small."
Mister Small​​ says: "Oh I really should have called this "Small Moment of Calm."
Mister Small​​ says: "" Anyway, un-clench your chakras, and I'll demonstrate using my new CD, now available in gas stations and supermarkets..."
Mister Small​​ says: "in the bargain bin."
Gumball says: "I'll need to bleach my eyeballs after that."
Darwin says: "I think we need some cuteness now."
Gumball and Darwin click a video called "Cute Overload." The video plays and begins with a bunch of trolling annotations. Gumball groans and exits them all, revealing another video of "Saxophone Chihuahua.".
Gumball says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "Ooh!"
Gumball says: ""Epic Fail!"
The video begins with a shot of Hector's feet. Pantsbully is walking along the sidewalk and trips and falls over a trash can.
Hector says: "Ha ha, did you see that?"
Gumball says: "That's the first one of those I've seen that's actually epic."
Darwin says: "What's Joe done now?"
The video appears, showing Banana Joe dancing to "Banana Banana.".
The video ends and cuts back to Elmore Stream-It.
Gumball says: "Dude, we're getting too deep."
Darwin says: "Then stop clicking."
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball clicks on the video "Unmissable." Melted Cheese Guy appears breathing deeply.
Darwin says: "He's not doing anything."
Gumball says: "Nah, just wait for it."
Gumball says: "He's got to do something."
Melted Cheese Guy continues to breathe deeply, taking one deeper breath and then continuing.
Darwin says: "Dude, this is creepy."
Gumball says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "Just wait for it."
Melted Cheese Guy holds his breath.
Gumball says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Stop banging your face on the keyboard!"
Darwin says: "You might click another--!"
Gumball accidentally clicks and starts another video named "Tobias Remix".
Darwin says: "Too late."
The Elmore Stream Hole.
The video is a distorted remix of the "TobiasX-TremePrank.".
Darwin says: "Ohh!"
Darwin says: "We're getting sucked into the bottomless pit of Elmore Stream."
Darwin says: "You need to stop."
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "I can't."
Gumball says: "I have to watch it."
Gumball says: "I have to watch it all."
Gumball starts by playing "Maracacat." It is simply a video of a cat playing the maracas. He then plays "Saang It Jamie." Jamie appears singing in the backseat of a car. Afterwards, Gumball clicks "Walkies !" A woman and Woody appear on-screen.
Woman says: "Woody, fetch."
Woody barks and runs to retrieve the stick, dragging the woman with him as she screams. Next Gumball clicks on the video "Don Trump," where Doughnut Cop appears. He plays the trumpet and as he plays it, parts of the video are edited to look like the trumpet he is playing, including extending his trumpet twice, adding trumpets to his eyes and adding one to his butt. Gumball then clicks on "Daisy Meltdown." In the video, Daisy the Donkey and Sally the Snake as puppets are fighting, ending with Daisy biting and tackling Sally. Gumball then starts "Corneille'd It." Mr. Corneille plays the kazoo and cello at the same time. Gumball next clicks "W.R.E.C.K.T.R.E," which shows Rob as Dr. Wrecker.
Rob​​​ says: "Revenge!"
Gumball clicks on "Superfan," in which Sarah is hugging a pillow with Gumball and Darwin's faces on it while kneeling on her bed. Afterwards, Gumball clicks on many random unnamed videos. Eventually the videos stop. A screenshot of another video appears as it is buffering.
Darwin says: ""Ten Hours of Saxophone Chi-hoo-hah?"
Gumball says: "See?"
Gumball says: "We weren't here that long."
Gumball gets down from his chair and Darwin follows him on his way out of their room, but they are once again attracted to the computer due to the video finally loading, causing them to watch it.
Episode ends.