Billy vs. Video Games.
Gumball, Darwin and other children walk into the library.
Tree Librarian says: "Ah, even in this brutal digital world, the children of today still find solace in books."
Tree Librarian says: "Truly the pen is mightier than the sword."
Gumball, Darwin, Tobias, and Sarah play on the library computers.
Gumball says: "Dude, did you hear that?"
Gumball says: "Equip the pen!"
Darwin says: "OKAY!"
Gumball says: "And the sword."
Gumball says: "Hey, Tobias!"
Gumball says: "Stop camping!"
Tobias shoots him a look.
Darwin says: "USE ALT-FIRE!"
Gumball says: "RESPAWN!"
Billy says: "What is this dazzling juxtaposition of sound and image?"
Darwin says: "It's a video game."
Billy says: "So these are the video games of which Mother warned me!"
Billy says: "How do they function?"
Gumball says: "See this dude with the muscles of a bodybuilder and the haircut of a Korean pop star?"
Gumball says: "That's me."
Gumball says: "And I have to blast these monsters over here to save..."
Gumball says: "stuff?"
Gumball says: "Here, try it!"
Billy says: "But is it not dangerous?"
Billy says: "Mother always says that video games can make one lose contact with reality."
Billy says: "That they encourage loose behavior and violent tendencies."
Billy says: "Much like rock and roll music, long hair, and vaccinations."
Darwin says: "Um, no?"
Darwin says: "They're just fun."
Billy says: "Well, I suppose there's no harm in trying it once."
Billy says: "WHOO!"
Billy says: "THIS IS AMAZING!!"
The camera zooms into Billy's eyes, transitioning to various video game scenes. Billy can be heard screaming and laughing off-screen.
Billy says: "THE FUN!"
Billy says: "IT'S TOO MUCH!"
Billy says: "TOO MUCH!"
Billy says: "I CAN'T TAKE IT!!!"
When the sequence stops he falls to the ground drooling rainbows.
Darwin says: "What was that all about?"
Gumball says: "He didn't even make it past the loading screen!"
Shows the computer screen with a loading screen.
The Meeting.
The auditorium. Billy has a band-aid on his forehead and Felicity is speaking on stage.
Felicity says: "..."
Felicity says: "and this is why, as president of the parents' association, I call for a total ban on all video games in Elmore."
Harold​​​​ says: "He doesn't look so bad."
Mister Small​​​​ says: "But here's what he used to look like."
Pentagon Father says: "Gaming's giving my kids square eyes!"
Eggman says: "Gaming's given my daughter a speech impediment!"
Felicity says: "So we're all in agreement."
Gumball says: "Not everyone!"
Darwin says: "Not everyone!"
Darwin says: "We are Mr."
Darwin says: "Dad and Ms."
Darwin says: "Mom!"
Gumball says: "And we've found video games to be nothing but a positive influence on our children."
Nicole says: "This is ridiculous!"
Richard says: "Shh!"
Richard says: "I think I'm about to say something."
Darwin says: "Video games can be educational, teach puzzle solving skills, and help the growth of young imaginations."
Nicole says: "You two, stop this!"
Gumball says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Gumball says: "My son Gumball has dressed up as me and attended the PTA meeting in an attempt to stop this ban!"
Gumball says: "You're in big trouble, mister!"
Nicole says: "Okay, "Nicole."
Nicole says: "" I think you should ground your son for a month."
Gumball says: "Fine!"
Gumball says: "Gumball, you're grounded for a month."
Darwin says: "Uh, honey?"
Gumball says: "You're right, dear."
Gumball says: "Two months!"
Nicole says: "Don't push it, little man."
Felicity says: "Your plea has really made me think about things."
Felicity says: "Mostly that I should have locked that door."
Felicity says: "However I admire your determination."
Felicity says: "I give you three chances to prove your argument that video games can be a force for good."
Felicity says: "Meeting adjourned!"
Felicity says: "It's a gavel, they wouldn't let me use it."
Felicity repeats her gesture and three heart containers appear in the upper-left corner.
Proving Felicity Wrong.
The Wattersons' house. Gumball's family is playing a tennis video game in the living room.
Gumball says: "You see, people often say that video games are antisocial and make you unhealthy."
Gumball says: "Well, just take a look at this family sharing some sporty fun together!"
Felicity says: "What about that family?"
Felicity points to Gumball's family. Richard lies on the dirty couch sipping soda and Nicole flails her remote controller around fiercely.
Gumball says: "They're playing together, which is all that matters."
Gumball says: "Now."
Gumball says: "Safety first, dear little brother!"
Darwin says: "Of course, dear big brother!"
Darwin says: "Sorry, no hand at the end of the wrist."
Nicole says: "Come on, Anais, we can't lose to these slobs!"
Felicity says: "This one doesn't look very healthy at all."
Richard says: "Hey, this is the body of a world class gamer!"
Richard says: "You're lucky we're not online right now or I'd be saying things I'd never say to your face!"
Nicole says: "Anais, take the shot!"
Nicole says: "Oh, come on!"
Gumball says: "Now, now, Mother, it's only a game!"
Richard and Nicole exchange a few shots, until Nicole inadvertently sends Darwin flying into the TV screen.
Game announcer says: "Nicole's team wins!"
Darwin says: "I don't wanna play anymore!"
Gumball says: "Um, how about we switch to a nice fishing game?"
The family switches to a different game but ends up fighting for the controller.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "well, they're fighting, so technically it's brought them closer together."
The first heart container vanishes and Gumball falls offscreen.
Gumball 'respawns' in the library. Banana Joe plays on the computer.
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "Now I'll prove video games don't make kids lose contact with reality."
Gumball says: "Hey Joe, what are you playing?"
Banana Joe says: "Brick Land!"
Banana Joe says: "It's a game where you can build anything out of little bricks."
Gumball says: "Very good, Joe."
Gumball says: "A game encouraging creativity."
Banana Joe says: "Right now, I'm building a fireplace in my wooden house."
Fire is heard in the game, goats are bleating.
Banana Joe says: "Oh no."
Banana Joe says: "Not the goats..."
Banana Joe says: "THE GOATS ARE ON FIRE!"
Felicity says: "That child has no idea what's real and what's not."
Gumball says: "Yes, but you don't know it was video games that made him that way."
Felicity says: "What else could have made him like that?"
Felicity walks away and Gumball loses his second heart. Banana Bob walks in with a book in hand.
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Son, son, son."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Stop with this tomfoolery."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "The fire isn't real, I'll show you what's real."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Take this book, it is the key to your future."
Banana Joe says: "How?"
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "Look,  "Books pave the road to your future."
Banana Bob​​​​ says: "" Come on son, let's time travel!"
They run into the wall and splatter against it.
Gumball makes pointing gestures at Banana Bob and Joe, but Felicity is busy talking with the librarian.
Tree Librarian says: "Yes, I agree."
Tree Librarian says: "Children should read books and not play silly games."
Gumball and Felicity walk into the schoolyard, where Tina is playing on a handheld console.
Gumball says: "A lot of people think that all gamers are unattractive male losers."
Gumball says: "But look at this majestic female specimen!"
Felicity says: "You must be joking!"
Felicity says: "Look at her face, the lack of natural sunlight has given her skin like a parrot's tongue."
Felicity says: "I've heard of gaming addiction before, but I never thought a girl would let herself go to the point of needing a chainsaw to cut her toenails."
Gumball says: "Yeah, but video games didn't turn her into a giant lizard."
Gumball says: "It comes from her dad!"
Felicity says: "Oh, I see."
Felicity says: "My dear, do you play video games with your father?"
Tina says: "Sometimes."
Felicity says: "Well that explains it, video games made them both monsters."
Felicity says: "Case closed."
Gumball's arms retract and slap him in the face as he loses his last life. A Game Over screen appears.
Voice says: "Gumball, respond!"
Voice says: "Gumball!"
Voice says: "GUMBALL!"
A sequence shows Felicity unplugging various devices in succession, including a TV, arcade game, and a plane's flight radar.
Pilot says: "Uh, that wasn't a video game."
Several planes fly around erratically.
Darwin's Idea.
The children are locked in the library.
Gumball says: "But how are we supposed to entertain ourselves?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Felicity says: "You are surrounded by all the greatest classics of literature, that's all you need."
Gumball walks over to a table where Darwin and several other students sit in boredom.
Leslie​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "This is more boring than having to listen to your friend's band rehearsal."
Carrie says: "Or having to look at people's baby pictures."
Darwin says: "Or like, edutainment."
Everyone says: "Eww!"
Darwin says: "Okay, maybe not edutainment."
Gumball says: "Wait a minute, I got it!"
The other students excitedly look at him.
Gumball says: "The answer was right under our noses."
Gumball says: "We re..."
Gumball says: "discover making gross noises with our armpits!"
The other students turn dismayed and go back to being bored. Gumball joins them.
Darwin says: "Did you hear that?"
Gumball says: "It's the sound of someone feeling an emotion other than boredom!"
All students run to Banana Joe, who sits near a bookshelf reading "Grimm's Fairy Tales.".
Banana Joe says: "..."
Banana Joe says: "what?"
Gumball says: "You okay?"
Banana Joe says: "Oh!"
Banana Joe says: "It's this darn book."
Banana Joe says: "It's making my hair stand on end!"
Gumball says: "What hair?"
Banana Joe says: "Hm?"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Gumball says: "What is it?"
Banana Joe says: ""Grimm's Fairy Tales."
Banana Joe says: "" There's people getting eaten by wolves, poison, and some old witch getting cooked in an oven..."
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "I can see you're getting an idea."
Gumball says: "No no, just some leftover food on my chin."
Darwin says: "Oh."
Darwin says: "Well, I have an idea!"
Gumball says: "Hey, that's a great idea!"
Gumball says: "I'm gonna pass it off as my own."
Gumball says: "Hey, I have an idea!"
Gumball says: "If our parents think video games are a bad influence, let's see what they think about books!"
Gumball says: "Everyone, start reading!"
Everyone runs screaming except Darwin.
Gumball says: "Come on, let's teach our parents a lesson!"
Everyone takes a book and runs towards the exit. The librarian stops them.
Tree Librarian says: "Excuse me!"
The tree librarian stamps their books and they calmly walk towards the door one by one. When everyone has their books they all run out, destroying the door in the process.
Books are Violent.
Back to the auditorium, Felicity speaks again.
Felicity says: "And now that we've banned video games, let's move on to the next blight on our culture: the "pop" music."
The pupils burst through the door and start singing "Books Are Violent.".
Gumball says: "Everybody read a book, wreak havoc across the nation."
Gumball says: "Come on just have a look, there's such violent inspiration."
Colin says: ""Lord of the Flies" is a book each parent cherishes!"
Colin says: "The feral kids survive, but the one with glasses perishes!"
Darwin says: "If you want more blood and guts give Shakespeare's plays a try."
Darwin says: "In "Titus Andronicus," a mother gets her son served up in a pie."
Billy says: "You did this to me, Mother!"
Banana Joe says: "Legends, myths and fairy tales, will make their readers shriek and wail."
Penny says: ""Red Riding Hood" is pretty bizarre,  where a wolf dresses up as a girl's grandma."
Alan​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I've read Greek myths just like you sir, when they get beheaded like Medusa."
Gumball turns his hand into scissors and cuts Alan's string. Alan's parents and Principal Brown are shocked.
Gumball says: "And I read "The Tortoise and the Hare," a tale of torture and despair!"
Gumball says: "FIGHT!"
Darwin says: "You haven't read that one have you?"
Gumball says: "Er, no."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "If you read Dickens' "Oliver Twist," you'd shut the library door and lock it!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's all about these homeless kids who learn how to pickpocket!"
Felicity says: "Okay I get it, that's enough!"
Felicity says: "Fiction should be banned!"
Gumball says: "But history books are just as bad!"
Gumball says: "Perhaps a rap will help you understand!"
Gumball says: "Juke, hit it."
Gumball, Penny, Darwin, Carmen, Carrie and Juke are facing the camera.
It's just words, words, words.
Cover to cover.
Bound with a spine, word to your mother.
But books are the same, every story to video games.
They're just as gory.
Romeo, oh Romeo.
Gumball and Penny hold empty glasses and pretend to drink out of them.
Gumball says: "Romeo is your homie-o."
Gumball and Penny play dead.
To be or not to be,.
That's the question for a G.
All these books are driving me insane.
So who should really get the blame,.
Are books as bad as video games?
The students run off and start reenacting scenes from several books. First Darwin draws a lightning bolt on his forehead and runs into a brick wall pushing a shopping cart. Then Penny shoots an arrow at Felicity.
Sussie says: "Off with their heads!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thar she blows!"
An arrow hits Richard's forehead. The background music gets faster and faster as the kids run around screaming, until Felicity puts an end to it.
Felicity says: "Alright, alright!"
Felicity says: "STOP!!"
Felicity says: "What exactly are you trying to say here?"
Billy says: "Mother, allow me to elucidate."
Billy says: "We phrased myriad issues here today - censorship, parenting, making gross noises with one's armpit - but the argument is thus: video games are shouldering the burden of a deeper problem."
Billy says: "It's not the material that's to blame, but how parents teach their children to respond to it."
Felicity says: "My gosh, Billy, you're right!"
Felicity says: "Books can be as dangerous as video games."
Felicity says: "There's only one reasonable thing to do."
Richard says: "Become better parents and look after our children in a sensible way?"
Felicity says: "No."
Cut to the parents burning a pile of book outside the school, under the horrified gaze of their children. Episode ends.