The Superintendent Is Coming.
Principal Brown runs in a panic through the halls of Elmore Junior High. He bursts into the library, where the Librarian is sitting at a desk.
Nigel Brown says: "Is the library up to date with the district guidelines?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Tree Librarian says: "Let me check."
The Librarian pulls out a telegraph key and begins sending a message in Morse code.
Tree Librarian says: "We should get an answer in a couple of weeks."
Nigel Brown says: "Gosh darn it!"
Nigel Brown says: "I'll just check myself."
Principal Brown rushes over to the bookshelf and pulls out a book, reading it.
Nigel Brown says: "Zoology..."
Nigel Brown says: "what the?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Nigel Brown says: "Are you telling me this is the latest edition?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Brown holds up the book to the Librarian's face. It shows an old-fashioned, medieval-style drawing of a lion, with a description written in Latin.
Tree Librarian says: "The monk should finish the new one by the end of the next Renaissance."
Nigel Brown says: "You have five minutes to find me some modern textbooks!"
Tree Librarian says: "Uh..."
Tree Librarian says: "okay."
The Librarian picks up a large hourglass and turns it over. Principal Brown panics again and rushes out of the room to the cafeteria.
Nigel Brown says: "The vegetarian option is less ham?"
Rocky says: "Yeah, but to be honest, that was because we were running low on ham."
Nigel Brown says: "We're supposed to feed the kids five fruits and vegetables a day!"
Rocky says: "Do mushrooms count?"
Nigel Brown says: "Yes!"
Rocky begins to walk away.
Nigel Brown says: "Where are you going?!"
Nigel Brown says: "!"
Rocky says: "To scrape the walls of the locker room showers."
Nigel Brown says: "When I come back, I wanna see green everywhere!"
Principal Brown leaves. Rocky pulls out a spray can and sprays green paint on food. Principal Brown bursts into the teachers' lounge, where Miss Simian, Mr. Small, and Mr. Corneille are lounging. He begins sifting through papers.
Nigel Brown says: "I should've done this before, but I need to check your work references - starting with you, Corneille."
Mr. Corneille is in the middle of trying to exit through the window. He nervously looks back at Principal Brown. Principal Brown picks up his cell phone and begins a call.
Woman says: "Elmore Penitentiary."
Principal Brown hangs up and looks at Corneille in shock.
Nigel Brown says: "You worked in a prison?"
Moonchild Corneille says: "Well, I did eight years hard labor, which I guess is technically work..."
Principal Brown drops his papers and begins to cry, dropping his glasses on the floor.
Lucy Simian says: "Pull yourself together, Nigel!"
Lucy Simian says: "You sound like a winded Chinese opera singer."
Lucy Simian says: "What's wrong?"
Principal Brown stops crying, and picks up his glasses. His tone grows solemn and fearful.
Nigel Brown says: "He's coming."
Lucy Simian says: "Who?"
Nigel Brown says: "The school superintendent."
The Speech.
Cut to the school auditorium. A live-action human is standing at the podium, with a name plate on it that reads "Superintendent Evil." He taps his fingers on the podium and stares out at the students and teachers in the room.
Superintendent Evil says: "Elmore Junior High."
Superintendent Evil says: "My name is Superintendent Evil."
Superintendent Evil says: "Let me reassure you, I did not come to this school to break you and rebuild you from the bottom up."
The students and teachers collectively sigh in relief.
Superintendent Evil says: "I came to break you."
The students and teachers gasp in fear.
Superintendent Evil says: "This school, and its students, is in breach of every conceivable rule..."
Superintendent Evil says: "including the rules of decency."
Sussie, who is sloppily eating chicken legs, cries out sadly.
Superintendent Evil says: "This is going to change."
Superintendent Evil says: "Any questions..."
Several students and teachers raise their hands.
Superintendent Evil says: "..."
Superintendent Evil says: "regarding my authority will be severely punished."
The students and teachers quickly withdraw their hands.
Superintendent Evil says: "I am here to correct your outlandish behavior."
Superintendent Evil says: "Any questions..."
Several students and teachers raise their hands.
Superintendent Evil says: "..."
Superintendent Evil says: "regarding my methods will also be severely punished."
The students and teachers quickly withdraw their hands.
Superintendent Evil says: "This school is diseased, and I'm the medicine."
Superintendent Evil says: "Any questions?"
Nobody speaks or moves.
Superintendent Evil says: "Very good!"
Superintendent Evil says: "Looking forward to working with you."
Following the New Rules.
The school bell rings. Cut to the hallway, where Gumball and Darwin are walking together.
Darwin says: "Medicine?"
Darwin says: "What kind of medicine is this guy?"
Gumball says: "Not the kind you put in your mouth."
Darwin says: "You get Superintendent Vile."
Darwin says: "Mm-hm."
Gumball says: "Dude, his name is literally evil."
Darwin says: "Hmm..."
Darwin says: "e-vil..."
Darwin says: "I guess."
Darwin says: "You gotta want it though."
Superintendent Evil says: "I said stand up straight, young man!"
Gumball and Darwin see Superintendent Evil lecturing Banana Joe.
Superintendent Evil says: "Everybody knows the crescent is the shape of the slacker, the hammock, the despondent Frenchman's croissant, the moon that's too lazy to turn a man into a werewolf."
Banana Joe says: "But what do you want me to do?"
Superintendent Evil says: "Stand up STRAIGHT!"
Banana Joe hesitates, then struggles to stand up straight. He eventually severs his body into several pieces in order to stand straight. Superintendent Evil smiles satisfactorily.
Superintendent Evil says: "Better."
Superintendent Evil says: "Now detention."
Superintendent Evil says: "There's a dress code in this school, and bare midriffs are forbidden."
Superintendent Evil says: "And I'm counting four on you."
Banana Joe winces sadly and walks away, struggling to maintain balance. Gumball and Darwin look on.
Gumball says: "He is so mean..."
Darwin says: "That's nothing."
Darwin says: "Because tattoos are forbidden, he made Teri erase her face."
Gumball says: "How is she holding up?"
The two look into the window of a room, seeing a faceless Teri with a hole punched ear.
Darwin says: "Well, she tried to answer the phone but hole-punched her ear, and then got detention for having a piercing."
Gumball says: "Well, at least she finds comfort in feeding the science lab lizard..."
Teri is taking crumbs from slices of bread and dispersing them into a glass habitat with nothing but a large cucumber in it. She accidentally picks up Anton and pulls a piece of him out. He screams, and Gumball and Darwin wince and withdraw from the window.
Gumball says: "And have you seen Simian lately?"
Gumball says: "She's totally trying to get with Evil behind Principal Brown's back."
Gumball says: "I mean, if she's gonna have two faces, why do they both have to be so gross?"
They stumble upon Principal Brown and Miss Simian, with the former crying.
Nigel Brown says: "What do you mean we can't see each other anymore?"
Lucy Simian says: "I'm sorry, Nigel, it's just not professional for two members of staff to be in a relationship."
Principal Brown cries and runs off. Miss Simian notices Superintendent Evil walking by, and her head turns 180 degrees, revealing one covered in makeup. She poses and looks at Evil, with one eye closed. He stops and turns toward her.
Superintendent Evil says: "Simian, I'm cutting your pay in half."
Lucy Simian says: "What?"
Lucy Simian says: "Why?"
Superintendent Evil says: "For being half asleep on the job."
Superintendent Evil says: "Your left eye is closed."
Miss Simian opens her eye.
Superintendent Evil says: "You've been a teacher here for 300,000 years, and your methods are still as slack as your..."
Superintendent Evil says: "..."
Superintendent Evil says: "everything."
Gumball says: "Oh, well, he's not all bad."
Gumball says: "I think that moment warrants an extra-special high five."
Gumball and Darwin prepare to high-five, but Gumball stops short.
Gumball says: "Hmm..."
Gumball says: "definitely higher."
Their hands extend through the windows and roof of the school and high up into outer space, where they slap together silently.
Gumball says: "Forgot there's no sound in space."
Superintendent Evil clears his throat. Gumball and Darwin notice Evil looking at their extended arms. They bring them back down, and they make a pile at their feet.
Superintendent Evil says: "Watterson and Watter-adopted-son, detention!"
Gumball says: "But we didn't break any rules!"
Superintendent Evil says: "You broke the rules of nature!"
Darwin says: "That egghead is literally an egg!"
Gumball says: "And William's a telekinetic flying eyeball!"
Gumball says: "Everyone here breaks the rules of nature!"
Superintendent Evil says: "Not for much longer."
Superintendent Evil says: "Listen to me, Elmore Junior High!"
Numerous other students and teachers of the school approach Evil.
Superintendent Evil says: "I've had enough of your cartoonish conduct."
Superintendent Evil says: "From here on, any abnormal behavior is to be corrected."
The bell rings.
Superintendent Evil says: "Now get to class!"
William flies over to a door and begins to open it with his telekinesis.
Superintendent Evil says: "No."
Superintendent Evil says: "The normal way."
William turns back toward the door. Sad music plays as he attempts to open it using his body rather than his powers. The other students look on sadly as Evil stares unsympathetically. Finally, William is able to force the door open, and pushes himself through, at great pain to himself.
Darwin says: "So brave..."
Gumball says: "That's a broom closet, though."
Bell rings. Cut to Gumball and Darwin in the classroom.
Gumball says: "Can you believe him?"
Gumball says: "I'm pretty sure there's laws against these laws!"
Darwin says: "Well, I can't believe Carrie had to be buried if she wanted to attend class!"
Next to Darwin, Carrie's grave lies on her desk. She emerges from it.
Carrie says: "And I can't believe they used manure instead of soil."
Gumball says: "We gotta do something!"
Darwin says: "What can we do?"
Darwin says: "He's got the whole school in the palm of that weird, fleshy pink thing on the end of his arm!"
Alan​​​​​​ says: "Whatever you do, do it fast."
The camera pans to Alan, who has been tied into a humanoid shape.
Alan​​​​​​ says: "He forced me to have a body."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "My heart is in my mouth."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "Although..."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "judging by the taste..."
Alan​​​​​​ says: "it may be my lower intestine."
Gumball says: "He's right."
Gumball says: "We've gotta move fast."
Gumball says: "I mean, half the class is already in Evil's office getting "fixed"."
Darwin says: "Fixed is a good thing, right?"
Gumball says: "Tell that to a dog."
The door of the room opens.
Masami says: "Gumball..."
Masami says: "Darwin..."
Masami is revealed to have transformed into a cartoon human girl. She hunches over, and stares at them.
Masami says: "You're next."
Darwin says: "Masami..."
Darwin says: "?"
Gumball says: "Sure!"
Gumball says: "Heh..."
Gumball says: "we'll..."
Gumball says: "be right with you."
From Cartoons to Humans.
Cut to Gumball and Darwin fleeing in horror through the hallways. They turn and crash into a tall human girl with a green coat.
Gumball says: "Who are you?"
Tina says: "I'm Tina."
Gumball and Darwin scream in shock and run off. Darwin collides with a human boy in a rainbow shirt.
Darwin says: "Who are you??"
Tobias says: "I'm Tobias."
Gumball and Darwin scream again and turn around, crashing immediately into another human girl.
Gumball says: "Who are youuu..."
Gumball says: "."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball's tone grows confused. He turns upside-down and stares at the girl.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Sussie?"
Sussie says: "Yeah?"
Gumball says: "Okay, that's a massive improvement."
Gumball says: "But still!"
Gumball and Darwin scream again. Tina, Tobias, and Sussie surround them.
Tobias​​​​​​​ says: "What's the hurry?"
Tina says: "Join us."
Sussie says: "It's quite painless."
Tina says: "It's better this way."
Tina says: "It's better this way."
Sussie says: "It's better this way."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's better this way."
Tina says: "It's better this way."
Sussie says: "It's better this way."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's better this way."
Tina says: "It's better this way."
Sussie says: "It's better this way."
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's better this way."
Tina says: "It's better this way!"
Sussie says: "It's better this way!"
Tobias​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It's better this way!"
Gumball and Darwin spin around nervously and fall through a door. Superintendent Evil appears and looks down at them.
Superintendent Evil says: "Trust me."
Superintendent Evil says: "This is in your best interest."
Gumball and Darwin stand up, and look into the room, gasping. Rocky and Juke are hooked up to machines, with the human Masami in the middle in a chamber filled with water. The machines transform Juke and Rocky into cartoon humans like the others.
Gumball says: "What are you doing to them..."
Gumball says: "?"
Superintendent Evil says: "Fixing them."
Superintendent Evil says: "And their transformation is almost complete."
Gumball says: "Almost..."
Gumball says: "?"
The skin on Masami's hand and eyes begins to peel away, revealing a live-action human form underneath. Her eyes open. Gumball and Darwin, mortified, run out of the room screaming.
Superintendent Evil says: "BRING THEM TO ME!"
Tina, Tobias, and Sussie begin to chase Gumball and Darwin. Tina nearly catches Gumball, but he escapes by cartoonishly giving himself extra legs, allowing him to move faster. Darwin evades Tobias by jumping from locker to locker and sneaking behind him. Tobias catches Gumball by the tail, but Gumball loses his butt and tail in order to escape, rushing on without them. They run into another room and find a human Ocho defending the exit; they escape by sliding themselves out through an air vent into the parking lot. Ocho tries to follow them, but is unable to move through the air vent.
Darwin says: "We gotta get out of here!"
Gumball says: "No..."
Gumball says: "we have to go back."
Darwin says: "You're right..."
Darwin says: "we gotta fight them!"
Gumball says: "No, I mean we have to go back because I left my butt in there."
Gumball says: "But yeah, that too."
Saving the School.
Cut to the school hallway. A human Banana Joe is patrolling while Evil speaks over the loudspeaker.
Superintendent Evil says: "Track them down!"
Superintendent Evil says: "They must not be allowed to escape!"
Joe spots Gumball and gasps.
Gumball says: "Banana Joe."
Joe stares down at Gumball's butt, which is on backwards.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "What has he done to you, buddy?"
Gumball says: "Remember who you are!"
Banana Joe says: "Shh!"
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-naaa..."
Gumball says: "."
Banana Joe says: "No!"
Banana Joe says: "No no no!"
Gumball says: "BA-NA-NA-NAAAAA!"
Elsewhere, Evil turns his head, hearing Gumball's voice. Gumball continues to sing as Banana Joe winces and covers his head.
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-na ba-na-na-na ba-na-na-na!"
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-na ba-na-na-na ba-na-na-na!"
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Gumball says: "Ba-na-na-na na NAAAAAA!"
Banana Joe screams and transforms back into his ordinary self, his human body falling around him.
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-naaaaaa..."
Banana Joe says: "."
Banana Joe says: "NA!"
Banana Joe and Gumball perform various dancing moves, including the Floss and the Russian Squat Dance, before spinning and stopping in a disco pose.
Banana Joe says: "Ba-na-na-na!"
Gumball says: "Woo!"
Banana Joe says: "Woo!"
The duo laugh. Gumball gives a thumbs-up to Darwin, who is with Sussie.
Sussie says: "Join us, Darwin!"
Darwin says: "Sussie, are you sure you don't mean..."
Darwin says: "MAYONNAISE?"
Sussie says: "W-What?"
Darwin says: "Sussie say WHAAAAA?"
Sussie says: "No..."
Sussie says: "no..."
Sussie says: "."
Sussie says: "no!"
Sussie says: "Sussie can't help herself!"
Sussie transforms back into her ordinary self, flailing her arms excitedly. Gumball runs up to a human girl, who he thinks is Penny.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Penny!"
Gumball says: "This will snap you out of it."
Gumball kisses the girl. She blushes. Nearby, another girl glares at Gumball.
Penny says: "Gumball!"
The second girl, revealed to be the real Penny, turns into her dragon form, shooting fire at Gumball.
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "sorry Penny!"
Gumball says: "And, uh, sorry to..."
Gumball says: "whoever you are."
Gumball runs off. The first girl turns into Sarah and gasps in excitement. Gumball and Darwin continue to run through the hall. They come across another human and turn on a nearby water fountain.
Darwin says: "Hey, Leslie!"
The water causes leaves to grow around the human, and he turns back into Leslie. Elsewhere, Mr. Small, Anton, Bobert, and Idaho are reverted from human into their normal forms.
Mister Small​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Yes!"
Anton says: "Yeah!"
Bobert says: "Affirmative!"
Evil's Identity Is Revealed.
Numerous students and teachers of the school gather excitedly, cheering. Suddenly, Superintendent Evil appears.
Superintendent Evil says: "STOP THAT!"
The students and teachers gasp.
Superintendent Evil says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Gumball says: "Putting an end to your nonsense!"
Superintendent Evil says: "We'll see about that."
Gumball says: "Fistfight?"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Nigel Brown says: "Take him down."
Gumball raises his fists and they both stare at each other for a long time. Evil then unexpectedly turns tail and runs off. Banana Joe glares, removes his peel, and throws it, causing Evil to slip and fall at the end of the hallway. The students and teachers gather around him, and stare in confusion, as his head has become deformed and polygonal.
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "?"
Gumball reaches down and pulls off Superintendent Evil's mask. The others gasp in shock.
Gumball says: "Rob?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Superintendent Evil is revealed to have been Rob in disguise.
Banana Joe says: "But who's hiding behind this mask?"
Joe pulls on Rob's face, to no avail.
Banana Joe says: "Oh no."
Banana Joe says: "Sorry, everyone."
Banana Joe says: "It is just Rob."
Gumball says: "Well, let's take him down to Punch Town!"
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "Then we can kick his butt there!"
Gumball says: "No, Punch Town is..."
Gumball says: "is..."
Gumball says: "never mind."
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "You fools!"
Rob stands up, and the others recoil.
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "I did all this for a reason!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Don't you understand what's going on in Elmore?"
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "You have two choices: live in ignorance about what's gonna happen here, or listen to what I have to say!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "It might just save your lives."
The others stare silently at Rob.
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Okay, good."
Before Rob can finish his sentence, Tina slams down her tail on him, smashing him into the floor repeatedly as he screams.
Nigel Brown says: "Uh, I think that's quite enough."
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Thank you..."
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "thank you..."
Tina slams down her tail on Rob one more time. The show's end credits music plays, but they are distorted, and repeat.
The End of Elmore and the World.
Cut to the school building at night, where Rob is still lying in a crater. He wakes up abruptly, breathing heavily.
Rob​​​​​​​​​ says: "Why did they stop me?!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​ says: "!"
Rob​​​​​​​​​ says: "Transformation is the only chance they have of escaping to the other place when this world..."
Suddenly, the ground begins to shake. Rob looks around nervously, and loses his balance. The floor suddenly opens up beneath him, collapsing into the Void. Rob grasps the edge of the floor and struggles to hold on. He loses his grip on one hand, and hangs on only by the other.
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "Oh no..."
Rob​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ says: "it's started."
The edge of the floor disappears, and Rob falls into the Void, screaming and falling. The screen freeze-frames on him mirroring Banana Barbara's painting from "The Future", and the credits' first notes play as the episode ends.