No Sleep.
The episode starts with Gumball and Penny talking on the phone.
Penny says: "So you're sure it's not a problem to babysit my little sister tomorrow?"
Gumball says: "Ah, Penny, please."
Gumball says: "I'm the most responsible kid I know."
Penny says: "I agree."
Penny says: "Usually when something goes wrong, you're the one responsible."
Gumball says: "Pfft, come on!"
Gumball says: "I might struggle for, like, half an hour or so, but after I find my footing I—"
Gumball says: "ahh!"
Penny says: "What?"
Gumball tries to get up using a cabinet, but manages to pull it out instead.
Gumball says: "Uh, nothing, nothing."
Gumball says: "So, yeah."
Gumball says: "I bought all the stuff on the list you gave me: peanuts, almonds, cashews, mold spores..."
Penny says: "That was a list of her allergies."
Gumball says: "That's what I'm saying!"
Gumball says: "There's none left in the place."
Penny says: "Okay, so the house is toddler-proofed?"
Gumball says: "Sure is!"
Camera cuts to Felicity and Billy looking at the fence around the Wattersons' house, as a camera tracks them.
Gumball says: "I can't see any baby breaking in here."
Penny says: "Okay, but promise you won't stay up all night playing games online, like you always do."
Gumball says: "Uh, we didn't stay up all night playing games online."
Gumball says: "We stayed up all night watching other people playing games online whilst talking about what it feels like to play games online."
Gumball says: "All right."
Gumball says: "I prom—"
Cuts to Gumball and Darwin watching a long video called "Awesome shot!!!!!1" at night with suspenseful music playing in the background.
Darwin says: "Dude, I told you, it's a troll GIF."
Darwin says: "It's just looping."
Gumball says: "Just one more minute..."
Cuts to morning with a rooster crowing in the background.
In the video, the man shoots the arrow, popping all five balloons as Gumball and Darwin cheer.
Gumball and Darwin says: "Eyyyy."
Gumball says: "Totally worth it."
Doorbell rings.
Gumball says: "OH, NO!"
Gumball says: "PENNY!"
Gumball and Darwin tiredly open the door and wave to Penny and Polly.
Gumball says: "Oh, hi."
Penny says: "You've been up all night, haven't you?"
Penny says: "Your eyes look like saggy oysters."
Gumball says: "Oh, we're fine."
Gumball says: "Where is the little peanut?"
Gumball says: "Aww, thank you!"
Gumball says: "What is it?"
Polly says: "It's Bigfoot!"
Gumball says: "So it is."
Polly says: "Hee!"
Penny says: "Okay, we'll be back from the movie at four."
Penny says: "Can you manage her till then?"
Gumball says: "Don't worry, I'll take it from here."
Penny says: "Thanks, Gumball."
Penny says: "Bye, Polly!"
Polly says: "Bye!"
Gumball says: "I think everything will be just  fiiii..."
Polly "Disappears".
[Later in the day says: "Gumball is putting together something that vaguely resembles a snowman made of meat."
Darwin says: "Gumball, what's happening?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, I don't know, man!"
Darwin says: "Something's wrong with us!"
Darwin says: "Check our symptoms ​on the Internet!"
Gumball says: "I'm not sure searching online for "meat snowman surprise" would yield the most constructive results!"
Gumball says: "WHERE ARE YOU?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin is in the living room with a fat cat wearing heels that looks like Gumball.
Darwin says: "In the middle of losing my mind, I think."
A panicking Gumball runs in.
Gumball says: "Dude!"
Gumball says: "WHERE IS POLLY?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Polly?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Polly?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Darwin says: "Polly?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "Polly?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Polly?"
Darwin says: "Polly?"
Gumball says: "Polly?"
Darwin says: "Polly!"
They're in their room. Gumball looks at Darwin disbelievingly, then smacks the bag away.
Gumball says: "We have to find her!"
Darwin says: "Or we dress me like Polly, her parents take me back with them, I join their family, and they raise me as their daughter."
Darwin says: "Twenty years later - "Congratulations, Penny's sister, you're gonna be a mother!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "What?"
Darwin says: "Then I move to the suburbs with Pompadour, my rainbow frog husband, and raise a couple of windmills and..."
Darwin says: "Yeah!"
Darwin says: "We need to find her!"
The brothers go outside, walking drowsily.
Darwin says: "Should we just order a cab?"
Gumball says: "Yeah, that should help us cover a little bit more of the neighborhood."
The brothers fix their postures. Gumball and Darwin attempt to order a cab but they black out just as it is ordered.
Finding Polly.
The brothers wake up in an upside-down police car. They notice and fall down from their seats. They shout in fear as they realize what is going on.
Gumball says: "Officer, do something!"
Gumball says: "Please do something!"
The car goes through a traffic jam, and somehow makes it out of there in one piece.
Darwin says: "Officer, wake up!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Uh..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Agh!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Wh..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Why did you guys wake me up?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Gumball says: "Because we're in a car sliding down the road upside-down."
Donut Sheriff says: "Well, thanks."
Donut Sheriff says: "Now I have to deal with two traumatic crashes rather than one!"
Gumball says: "What do you mean?"
The car crashes into a lamp post. Gumball and Darwin remove a window and pull the sheriff out.
Gumball says: "What is happening here, man?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "It's like our lives."
Gumball says: "You know what I mean?"
Darwin says: "I'm not sure."
Darwin says: "But it seems like every time we blink, time skips forward."
Darwin says: "So I say we don't close our eyes until we find Polly."
Gumball says: "I agree."
Gumball says: ""Your cab is arriving."
Mugging a Corncob.
Darwin says: "No, stop it, stop it!!!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Darwin says: "No, stop it!"
Darwin says: "Stop!"
Gumball says: "WHAT?!!"
Gumball says: "!!"
Darwin says: "I think we already got what we wanted..."
Gumball says: "Polly's in there?"
Money comes out of the case. Shocked, both boys shout.
Gumball says: "Where is she?"
Darwin says: "More importantly, what do we do about him?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "But Polly—"
Darwin says: "But innocent mugging victim!"
Gumball says: "Okay, okay!"
Gumball says: "We, uh, we..."
Gumball says: "we..."
Gumball says: "we make it look like it happened through natural causes!"
Darwin says: "What?"
Darwin says: "How?"
Gumball puts a note saying "ExERcise BLows".
Gumball says: "There, like this."
Darwin says: ""Exercise blows"?"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Yeah, maybe not."
Gumball says: "Oh, I know!"
Gumball says: "We'll make it look like an accident!"
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "A canoe accident."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "No, that's not quite right."
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Oh!"
Gumball puts on a radio and poses Jeff; he falls over.
Gumball says: "This isn't working!"
Gumball says: "What do we do?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball punches Jeff, reviving him. Both boys shriek in fear as Jeff comes towards them, causing them to black out again, and wake up at a fair, being roared at by Tina. Gumball interprets this as a threat.
The "Fight".
Gumball says: "OH YEAH, TINA?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "WELL, IF THAT'S THE WAY IT IS, GET READY FOR A TASTE OF MY..."
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "MY BULLFROG'S HARP!!!!!"
Gumball says: "BACK OFF!!!!!"
Darwin says: "Dude, why are you so angry?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Gumball says: "I DUNNO!!!"
Gumball says: "I'M IRRATIONALLY ANGRY!!!!!"
Gumball says: "COME AND GET IT, YOU HALLOWEEN TURKEY!!!!!"
Gumball blacks out again.
The Explanation.
Both boys wake up at their house... now looking a tad bit worse for wear.
Patrick says: "I have to say, boys, I took you for a bunch of slack-jawed buffoons, but..."
Patrick says: "You did a really good job!"
Both boys look at each other, worried. After a bit of suspense, Polly's revealed to be with them!
Gumball says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "ly child?"
Gumball says: "Con..."
Gumball says: "gratulations, sir!"
Gumball says: "She must take after you!"
Gumball says: "Or-Or, you, Mrs."
Gumball says: "Fitzgerald."
Gumball says: "It's hard to tell."
Gumball says: "You look so alike."
Gumball says: "Are..."
Gumball says: "you related?"
Both Fitzgerald parents are surprised; Penny glares at him again.
Patrick says: "Polly, say goodbye and get your stuff."
Patrick says: "Bye, kids!"
Gumball and Darwin wave after Patrick and Judith. Penny stays and grows more suspicious.
Penny says: "WHAT HAPPENED?!"
Penny says: "!"
Gumball says: "Uh, nothing!"
Gumball says: "Why would you say that?"
Penny angrily points to Gumball's black eye, the blue cat dressed up as Gumball, Darwin's bruised lips, the snowman made of meat, and the stuffed bullfrog playing a harp.
Gumball says: "Okay, okay."
Gumball says: "We lost her."
Penny says: "Then what happened?!"
Penny says: "!"
Gumball says: "That's the thing."
Gumball says: "We don't really know."
Polly says: "I do."
Polly says: "It started when I arrived..."
Flashbacks to when Penny drops off Polly to Gumball and Darwin.
Penny says: "Thanks, Gumball."
Penny says: "Bye, Polly!"
Polly says: "Bye!"
Gumball says: "I think everything will be just  fine..."
Gumball places Polly on the couch.
Gumball says: "Would you like some orange juice?"
Polly says: "Uh-huh!"
Gumball tiredly walks to the fridge and opens it. Before he gets the orange juice, the fridge chills him and he starts singing while building a snowman made of meat from the fridge.
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Jingle dance!"
Gumball says: "Jingle dance!"
Gumball says: "Jingle in your face!"
Gumball says: "Chilling out like sauerkraut who just caught himself a trout!"
Gumball says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Jingle dance!"
Gumball says: "Jingle dance!"
Gumball says: "Jingle in your face!"
Gumball says: "Always..."
Gumball continues singing as Polly confusedly stares at him. She then hears Darwin and walks outside.
Darwin says: "Gumball!"
Darwin says: "Put some clothes on!"
Darwin says: "The neighbors can see you!"
Darwin puts pants on a blue cat outside, who then proceeds to scratch Darwin's face, causing him to scream and jump through the window. Polly follows Darwin inside.
Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Aah!"
The blue cat walks out of the house.
Gumball says: "Well, on the upside, that cat certainly knows how to work those heels, heh..."
Penny says: "Okay, what happened next?"
Polly says: "Then they started harmonizing..."
Flashbacks to Gumball and Darwin harmonizing.
Gumball and Darwin continue harmonizing.
Polly says: "That went on for about twenty minutes before I got bored and went to the backyard."
Polly says: "Then when I came back, they were gone, so I went outside."
Polly goes outside to meet Gumball and Darwin trying to order a cab while a police officer shows up.
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Donut Sheriff says: "What's going on here?"
Donut Sheriff says: "Jaywalking, huh?"
Gumball and Darwin climb into the police car.
Donut Sheriff says: "What the..."
Donut Sheriff says: "Hey!"
Gumball says: "Hey do you have any mints or water?"
Donut Sheriff says: "What?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Donut Sheriff says: "Who do you think I am?!"
Donut Sheriff says: "!"
Darwin says: "Uh,  a one-star driver by the looks of it."
Gumball says: "Yeah, not surprising when you see the state of the back seat."
Gumball says: "Smells like a turtle tank in here."
Donut Sheriff says: "Right."
Donut Sheriff says: "I'm taking you two downtown."
Donut Sheriff says: "Maybe a night in the cells will improve your attitude."
Siren starts as the police car drives off.
Gumball says: "Dude, this tune blows."
Gumball says: "There's no lyrics."
Gumball says: "Do you mind if I just..."
Gumball tries to "change stations" while the Doughnut Sheriff tries to stop him.
Donut Sheriff says: "What the—"
Donut Sheriff says: "stop it!"
Gumball says: "I'm just changing stations!"
Gumball fiddles with the radio, causing random conversations to come from it.
Radio says: "One seven, one seven."
Radio says: "X-ray Charlie, X-ray Charlie."
Radio says: "One seven, one seven."
Donut Sheriff says: "Stop it!"
The police car starts swerving, flips upside down, hits a fire hydrant and proceeds to slides down the road.
Radio says: "Charlie, Charlie, Charlie."
Radio says: "One seven, one seven."
Radio says: "X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray."
Radio says: "One seven, one seven."
The police car continues making noises while Polly watches. Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Mm, did they have to call the fire department too?"
Gumball says: "'Cause that song sounds lit!"
Gumball says: "No?"
Gumball says: "Okay."
Penny says: "What happened next, Polly?"
Polly says: "Well, they went through town looking for me."
Flashbacks to when Gumball and Darwin look for Polly in town.
Gumball says: "Polly!"
Darwin says: "Polly!"
Jeff walks past, smells his breath, and eats some mints. However, he starts choking on one and tries telling Gumball to help him.
Gumball says: "Oh, I-I know what to do!"
Gumball attempts to do the Heimlich maneuver on Jeff, but drops him on a trash can.
Darwin says: "That's not how you do it."
Gumball says: "Well, just..."
Gumball says: "You do it, then."
Jeff continues choking.
Darwin says: "No, no, no."
Darwin says: "Breathe in."
Jeff coughs out the mint and faints.
Darwin says: "There!"
Darwin says: "He's relaxed now."
Polly says: "You need to give him CPR."
Gumball and Darwin says: "Ahh, thank you, Polly."
Darwin tries giving CPR to Jeff's suitcase while Gumball tries to give CPR to Jeff by repeatedly punching his chest. Flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Wait, you were following us the whole time?"
Penny says: "No, Polly was using the Force to appear to you as a hologram."
Gumball says: "Right, I’m sure there’s an explanation for that too."
Penny says: "OF COURSE SHE WAS WITH YOU!!!!!"
Gumball says: "Wha-what happened after that guy worked up and attacked us?"
Polly says: "He didn’t attack you, he hugged you!"
Jeff says: "Oh, thank you so much, you saved my life!"
Jeff says: "Anything, ask me for anything you like and I’ll buy it for you!"
Gumball says: "I would like the golden twinkle in an old man’s eye as he holds his infant granddaughter."
Jeff says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Okay, then I’d like the power to lay eggs."
Polly says: "stuffed bullfrog that plays the harp."
Darwin says: "Okay, but what about the fight with Tina?"
Polly says: "That happened when you bumped into a charity worker who asked if you wanted to save a child."
Polly says: "They only wanted a couple of dollars but apparently you decided to go above and beyond."
Flashbacks to when Gumball and Darwin are at the charity fair. Sarah, Hot Dog Guy, Teri, Leslie and Tina are lined up for a kissing booth, with Tina in front.
Gumball says: "This is all for you, Polly."
Gumball says: "Okay, Tina, let's get on with it."
Tina says: "Actually, I'm in line for Darwin."
Gumball says: "Uh uh uh, sorry, but I'm the only one who's allowed to kiss Darwin."
Gumball says: "That's in the rulebook."
Gumball says: "Right here."
Tina says: "That's not a rulebook."
Tina says: "That's two potato waffles stapled together."
Gumball says: "Well if that's how it is then just beat it!"
Tina says: "Then I want my money back."
Gumball says: "It says on waffle two, no refunds!"
Gumball says: "COME AND GET IT, YOU HALLOWEEN TURKEY!!!!!"
Gumball hits himself with the stick he was assaulting Tina with and falls down. Tina batts her eyes at at Darwin and goes closer to him as he gasps. The flashback ends.
Gumball says: "Okay, that explains Darwin's lips but not how we ended up back here."
Polly says: "Oh, we took the bus."
Gumball says: "Huh."
Polly says: "Goodbye, now!"
Polly leaves, leaving only Gumball, Penny and Darwin at the door. Gumball yawns.
Penny says: "Oh, I don't think so."
Penny says: "Not before I'm done screaming at you!"
Penny says: "I COUNTED ON YOU, YOU GLUTE LORD!"
Penny says: "YOU GOOF WIZARD!"
Penny says: "YOU DORK PILOT!"
Penny says: "YOU DOPE SANDWICH!"
Penny says: "YOU..."
Penny says: "FOOL..."
Penny says: "TACO!"
Penny says: "YOU MEAT MUFFIN..."
Gumball and Darwin look at each other and close their eyes. They wake up at night, and Penny is still there, exhaustedly screaming at Gumball.
Penny says: "..."
Penny says: "slack jawed slime nugget."
Penny says: "You-  I think that's all I've got."
Gumball says: "Sorry."
Gumball says: "Do you forgive me?"
Gumball and Darwin walk inside and close the door.
Gumball says: "Yeah, to be honest, I was a little disappointed with the bus ending part."
Darwin says: "Yeah, I expected more."
Gumball says: "Eh, anyway, nighty night, dude."
The bus is revealed to have crashed on top of the Watterson's house. Episode ends.