The Chart.
The whole family is in the kitchen, Nicole is next to the fridge.
Nicole says: "Attention!"
Richard, Darwin and Anais stomp on the ground.
Nicole says: "It's time to reach for the stars."
Nicole says: "So what did everyone achieve this week?"
Anais steps forward and salutes.
Anais says: "I got a science award for discovering a new form of bacteria in the fridge, sir!"
Anais says: "Ma'am..."
Anais says: "."
Anais says: "Mom."
Scene cuts to moldy bread in the fridge; disco lights are flashing from it and dance music is playing.
Nicole says: "Oh, that's very good, Anais!"
Nicole says: "That puts you on the..."
Nicole says: "sunny cloud!"
Nicole puts Anais' face onto the sunny cloud row.
Nicole says: "Just below the star, where I am for beating everyone at the Company Paintball Day."
Anais says: "Wasn't that supposed to be a team-bonding exercise?"
Nicole says: "Oh, I'm sure they all bonded in the hospital."
Nicole says: "Who's next?"
Darwin steps forward and salutes.
Darwin says: "I learned how to do the mating call of the mockingbird."
Darwin performs the mating call and a mockingbird flies into the kitchen window.
Nicole says: "Well, I guess that's something."
Nicole puts Darwin's face onto the cloud column. Darwin shows a face of resent.
Richard says: "Well, I invented..."
Richard says: "the Sausage Pen!"
Richard pulls out the Sausage Pen and points it at the ceiling.
Richard says: "Everything it writes is delicious."
Nicole says: "Mmmm..."
Nicole says: "innovative!"
Nicole says: "But..."
Nicole says: "ultimately useless."
Nicole puts Richard's face onto the cloud column, next to Darwin's, and Richard's face slowly changes from happiness to sadness.
Nicole says: "And what about you, Private Gumball?"
Nicole says: "What have you achieved?"
Gumball says: "Hmmm..."
Cuts to flashback where Gumball is at Elmore High School's pool and loses his trunks while trying to dive off of the diving board, hands a bouquet of flowers to Penny, but a swarm of bees emerge and fly around her, Carmen and Teri, and Gumball fails at hitting his triangle in music class.
Gumball says: "Meh, I guess I achieved nothing."
Nicole says: "Again?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Nicole says: "Surely there's something you're good at."
Gumball says: "Hmmm..."
Gumball says: "I guess I'm just good at being happy."
Gumball smiles at Nicole.
Nicole says: "Well, that's not good enough, little man!"
Nicole says: "As of tomorrow, I'm turning you into a winner!"
Nicole says: "But right now, you're on the rainy cloud!"
Nicole puts Gumball's face onto the rainy cloud column.
Early Morning Shopping.
The previous scene fades to the front of the Watterson's house at 4 AM.
Nicole says: "Wakey wakey, Gumball."
Scene cuts to a pure black screen.
Nicole says: "It's time to get up."
Gumball says: "I..."
Gumball says: "I can't see anything!"
Nicole says: "I'll open the curtains."
Nicole opens the curtains but there is no change in light.
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "What time is it?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "It's four in the morning."
Scene cuts to the supermarket, where Gumball is shivering in his pajamas and Nicole contently places items into the trolley.
Gumball says: "Mom, why are we in the supermarket, when the rest of the world's asleep?"
Nicole says: "Because winners get up early so they get the best out of life!"
Nicole says: "For example..."
Larry puts a sticker on a chicken saying "-10%" and walks away.
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "that discount chicken!"
Nicole says: "Pop it in the basket, sweetheart."
Both Gumball and Alison place their hand on the chicken.
Gumball says: "Ew..."
Gumball says: "!"
Gumball says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Gumball says: "I didn't realize you wanted it."
Nicole says: "I think you had your hand on it first, Gumball."
Gumball says: "But..."
Gumball says: "She's just an old lady."
Nicole says: "An old lady who's going to lose."
Alison says: "Yeah..."
Alison says: "?"
Alison says: "Well, we'll see about that!"
Alison tries to snatch the chicken away from Gumball, but she fails, she then starts to hit him over the head with her cane.
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "?"
Alison hits Gumball again, making a "bonk" sound.
Gumball says: "Ow!"
Alison starts to hit Gumball in a rhythmic fashion.
Gumball says: "Ow, Okay!"
Gumball says: "Okay, ow!"
Gumball starts to bawl.
Gumball says: "She's hitting me!"
Nicole says: "Win..."
Nicole says: "the chicken..."
Nicole says: "Gumball."
Alison says: "Go on, kid!"
Alison says: "Give it your best shot!"
Gumball and Alison start to pull the chicken away from each other.
Gumball says: "This..."
Gumball says: "chicken..."
Gumball says: "is..."
Alison loses her grip on the chicken and falls backward into the freezer.
Gumball says: "Mine!"
Nicole says: "Good job."
Gumball throws the chicken into Nicole's trolley.
Alison says: "Heh heh..."
Alison says: "keep the chicken, losers!"
Alison says: "I got myself a half-priced salmon!"
Nicole nudges her head at Gumball, implying for him to take the salmon; Gumball sighs and walks off-screen to try to take the salmon.
Training Montage.
The previous scene cuts to the front of Nicole's car with her and Gumball in it, and Gumball has a salmon-head-shaped mark on his cheek.
Nicole says: "So, how does it feel to win, son?"
Gumball says: "Mmmm..."
Gumball says: "don't know."
Gumball says: "Oh yeah, like an old lady hitting me in the face with a WET FISH!"
Nicole says: "Honey, I think there's a few things you don't understand about being a winner."
Gumball says: "Like what?"
Nicole says: "Like..."
Scene flashes to Gumball carrying Nicole up some stairs.
Nicole says: "A winner never quits!"
Gumball's back cracks, and he collapses on the cement.
Nicole says: "A winner stares fear in the face!"
Gumball is standing on the roof of the house, holding a golf club.
Gumball says: "Ohhh!"
Gumball says: "Oh, oh man!"
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Lightning strikes the chimney, destroying half of it.
Gumball says: "Wah!"
Gumball says: "Alright!"
Gumball says: "That's it!"
Gumball says: "I'm not doing this anymore!"
Cuts to the backyard.
Nicole says: "What does a winner do when life gives him lemons?"
Nicole hands Gumball two halves of a lemon.
Gumball says: "Uh..."
Gumball says: "make lemonade?"
Nicole says: "No..."
Nicole says: "he squeezes them right back into life's eyes!"
Gumball says: "Really?"
Nicole strongly gestures at her eyes.
Gumball says: "Alright."
Gumball squeezes the lemon halves, squirting lemon juice into Nicole's eyes; she merely laughs, and yells "YEAH" into the sky in slow-motion. Lightning flashes and the scene cuts to a sleepy-eyed Gumball and a cheerful Darwin in the school gym.
Darwin says: "Dude, when was the last time you slept?"
Gumball says: "Don't even ask, man."
Gumball says: "Mom had me up at four in the morning, teaching me how to be a winner with that STUPID FRIDGE CHART!"
Darwin says: "Stupid?!"
Darwin says: "!"
Darwin says: "What's stupid about reaching for the STARS?!"
Darwin says: "!"
A whistle blows and Darwin picks up a dodgeball.
Darwin says: "DODGEBALL!"
Darwin throws the dodgeball at Gumball's face, who falls to the ground; the ball bounces back into Darwin's hands.
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "ONE POINT!"
Darwin throws the ball at Gumball again.
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "TWO POINTS!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Darwin says: "BOOM!"
Walking Home.
The scene cuts to Nicole and Gumball in the car again, now they are in the desert.
Gumball says: "And he kept throwing the ball over, and over, and over..."
Gumball says: "and I don't know what got into him!"
Nicole says: "You know, there's nothing wrong with a little competitive spirit, honey!"
Nicole says: "Success is like a journey full of hardship."
Nicole says: "You need to learn that there's no gain without a little pain, which is why I've driven you here."
The camera cuts to a view of the desert, where the car stops and Gumball steps out.
Gumball says: "The desert?"
Nicole says: "Yes..."
Nicole says: "you're walking home."
Nicole drives away while Gumball runs after her.
Gumball says: "No!"
Gumball says: "Don't you dare leave me here!"
Gumball dives after the car and holds on to the rear bumper, he stammers as his body drags across the desert; he loses his grip and faceplants into the sand.
Gumball says: "She'll be back."
Gumball stares into the sunset, waiting for Nicole to come back. After a brief moment he sighs.
Cuts to Gary drinking some sort of drink at a gas station while a dusty, panting Gumball comes into view.
Gumball says: "Gimme that!"
Gary says: "Hey!"
Gumball hisses.
Gary says: "Ah!"
Gary says: "Whatever, young man!"
Gary says: "Keep it!"
Gumball drinks until the cup shrivels up.
Gumball says: "Where's Elmore?"
Gary says: "About ten miles that way."
Gumball throws the cup at Gary in a fit of rage and walks away.
The "Family Outing".
The previous scene fades to Gumball in front of the house, sadly walking home, to discover that the interior of the house is wrecked.
Gumball says: "What the..."
Gumball says: "!"
Richard says: "Oh, oh, cheese."
Gumball says: "What went on here?"
Richard says: "It all happened so fast."
Richard says: "First of all, Darwin got angry because he thought he deserved a sunny cloud for winning some dodgeball game."
Gumball says: "Yeah, I remember that."
Richard says: "And then Anais flipped out because Mom won't share top spot on the chart."
Gumball says: "What?"
Gumball says: "Anais, too?"
Richard says: "And when Mom put your face on the sun, I trashed the house."
Gumball says: "I got a sun!"
Gumball says: "Wait a minute..."
Gumball says: "YOU trashed the house!"
Richard says: "Darn right!"
Richard says: "And I'll do it again if she doesn't give me a star for my cheese crayon!"
Richard says: "YAAAAAA!"
Richard smashes the coffee table on his head, breaking it in half; he then falls asleep and Gumball walks to the kitchen to look at the fridge.
Gumball says: "Mmmm..."
Gumball says: "not bad."
Nicole slithers up behind Gumball and chuckles evilly.
Gumball says: "Ah!"
Nicole leans towards Gumball.
Nicole says: "Feels good to win, doesn't it?"
Gumball says: "Uh, no, it doesn't!"
Gumball says: "Your chart is ruining this family!"
Gumball says: "They're all behaving like animals!"
Gumball says: "I mean..."
A mockingbird flies into the kitchen window.
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Hello?"
Gumball says: "We are all happy before, do you even realize what you're doing to us?"
Nicole says: "That's right."
Nicole says: "Use your anger..."
Nicole says: "'cause you're going to need it for our little family outing tomorrow!"
Gumball says: "Why?"
Gumball says: "What's happening tomorrow?"
Paintball.
The scene cuts to a sign outside the Elmore Paintball park. The Wattersons are inside, clad in armor and equipped with paintball guns.
Nicole says: "Okay, people!"
Nicole says: "First one to capture the flag wins."
Nicole says: "You get hit, you're out!"
Gumball says: "Oh this is great, paintball with crazy people."
Gumball says: "I'll be in the car."
Nicole says: "What have I got to do to get you to show a little competitive spirit?!"
Nicole says: "!"
Gumball says: "Okay, I'll play."
Gumball says: "But only if you tear down that stupid chart."
Nicole says: "Oh, I'll tear down that chart..."
Gumball says: "Alright, you're on."
Gumball says: "But please everyone, this is a family outing."
Gumball says: "So let's play fair and try to have a little fun okay?"
Gumball says: "..."
Gumball says: "Great."
Fade in to the forest deep in the park, Gumball is walking precariously, until he hears paintball gunshots, quickly followed by Richard screaming.
Gumball hurriedly moves, then takes cover behind a tree. He pops out, aiming down his paintball gun's sights, and sees Richard lying down, leaning on a tree; he is breathing heavily through his mask.
Gumball says: "Dad?"
Richard says: "Please..."
Richard says: "take off the mask..."
Richard says: "Oh..."
Richard says: "thank you."
Richard says: "Smelled like other people's faces."
Gumball says: "What happened?"
Richard says: "I didn't even see her..."
Gumball says: "See who, Dad?"
Nicole's laughter echoes around the forest, but Gumball cannot see her. Paintballs start peppering Gumball's area; he screams as they streak past him, and rolls away. He smashes into a tree and falls to the ground, and watches Darwin fall from the tree as well. As soon as Darwin hits the ground, he starts shooting blindly with his eyes closed.
Gumball says: "Chill out dude, it's only me."
Darwin says: "..."
Darwin says: "I'm scared man."
Paintballs rain down on the Gumball and Darwin, and they run screaming, then dive behind a fallen log; the paintballs continue to fall.
Darwin says: "You were right!"
Darwin says: "That fridge chart is evil!"
Gumball says: "Look, if we stick together we can beat Mom."
A red grenade lands in front of Gumball and Darwin.
Gumball says: "PAINTBOMB!"
Darwin says: "PAINTBOMB!"
They dive away as the grenade explodes, blasting pink paint. Anais laughs, cooking grenades and flinging them at the boys. Gumball and Darwin continue screaming as they narrowly dodge pink explosions and finally seek cover behind a tree. They pant as everything suddenly calms down. Gumball checks the area; there is nothing to be seen.
Gumball says: "Okay, I think we're safe here, buddy."
Darwin does not respond.
Gumball says: "Darwin?"
Gumball notices Darwin looking at the ground, and sees Darwin's foot on a rope, connected to a splinter. They look up and see a large pink balloon, which would explode if Darwin steps off the rope.
Darwin says: "Go on without me."
Gumball says: "I'm not gonna leave you here!"
Darwin says: "It's too late for me."
Darwin says: "You're the only one who can save this family from insanity."
Darwin says: "I saw the flag, from the tree..."
Darwin says: "it's just over that hill."
Gumball says: "No..."
Gumball says: "no!"
Darwin says: "Just go!"
Darwin says: "Just go..."
A paintball gun appears behind Darwin.
Anais says: "Don't move."
Anais says: "I'm winning this thing."
Darwin says: "I don't think so..."
Anais says: "Hmm..."
Anais says: "one of mine, huh?"
Darwin says: "You know it's for the best..."
They look up at the balloon together, and as the camera cuts to Gumball, who has made it into a clearing, an explosion is heard. Gumball gasps as he looks behind him and sees pink paint flying into the sky. He sobs, and trudges forward. Back at the trap, Anais, Darwin and the surrounding area are covered in pink paint. Darwin wipes the paint off his mask.
Darwin says: "Wanna get a sandwich?"
Anais says: "Yeah."
They start walking.
Gumball vs. Nicole.
Gumball sees the flag on a hill.
Gumball says: "Thank you, Darwin."
Gumball rushes to the flag, but then hears a twig snap in the bushes.
Gumball says: "DAHH!"
Gumball says: "Sorry!"
Gumball says: "Right, let's end this."
Gumball runs to the flag and reaches it, but then he hears a gun cock behind him. A whistle is heard, Gumball looks behind him to see Nicole.
Nicole says: "Looks like you led me right to- OH!"
A bird flies into Nicole's paintball gun. It falls to the ground, and the paintballs in it spill out. Nicole kneels down to get them back but Gumball aims his gun at her.
Gumball says: "Enough!"
Gumball says: "I have won!"
Gumball says: "The game is over!"
Nicole says: "Not until you've shot me."
Nicole says: "Then you'll finally join me..."
Nicole says: "and be a winner."
Gumball says: "I don't want to be a winner."
Gumball says: "I'd rather be a disappointment to you than live like this."
Nicole says: "What?"
Nicole says: "Gumball..."
Nicole says: "no no..."
Nicole says: "disappointed?"
Nicole says: "I could never be disappointed in you."
Nicole says: "I just saw your potential, that's all, and..."
Nicole says: "I wanted you to reach it."
Nicole says: "I'm sorry if I upset you."
Nicole says: "Please, just..."
Nicole says: "just take the flag my little trooper."
Nicole says: "You've earned it."
Gumball says: "Thanks, Mom."
Gumball has just placed a hand on the flag, and is about to take it when he hears a paintball dry fire behind him. He turns around and sees Nicole aiming at him.
Gumball says: "Did you just try and shoot me in the back!"
Gumball says: "?"
Nicole says: "..."
Nicole says: "."
Nicole says: "No."
Nicole suddenly starts grabbing paintballs and placing them back in her gun, apparently still intent on winning, so Gumball shoots her.
Gumball says: "There!"
Gumball says: "You happy now?!"
Gumball says: "!"
Nicole says: "Sorry."
Scene fades out.
Epilogue.
Fade in to the Wattersons, all walking up a hill.
Anais says: "So, you're gonna take down that chart now?"
Nicole says: "Yep."
Nicole says: "Gumball won fair and square."
Richard says: "Typical, I was just about to make a breakthrough with my turkey scissors."
A bird in the foreground whistles, and another bird smashes into the tree hole.
Episode ends.