The episode opens with a rainy day at the Mystery Shack, while Dipper and Mabel are playing Conflict Boat.
Dipper Pines: I'm gonna say... B5.
Mabel Pines: Miss! (Puts a peg on her board) Whop!
Camera shows Mabel's board, with her pegs arranged like a cat's face.
Dipper: I don't think you're playing this right.
Stan Pines: (Offscreen:) Kids! Come quick!
Dipper and Mabel enter the living room to find Stan watching television.
Stan: (Laughs) I need you to laugh at this with me!
A commercial for the Tent of Telepathy comes on the television.
Gideon Gleeful: (On television, singing:) Who's cute as a button, and always your friend? Lil' G-I-D to the E-O-N! Wink!
Bud Gleeful on TV: Li'l Gideon!
Dipper: Ugh, Gideon!
Mabel: Remember when I wouldn't date him and he tried to destroy us?
Stan: He's always trying to trick me into losing the Mystery Shack.
Wendy Corduroy: One time I caught him stealing my moisturizer.
Soos Ramirez: And yet, our mutual hatred for him bonds us together.
Gideon: (Laughs)
Bud: (On television, voice-over:) Come on down to Li'l Gideon's Tent of Telepathy, opening soon at this location.
Commercial shows the Tent of Telepathy crushing the Mystery Shack.
Dipper: Uh, should we be worried about that?
Stan: Please, the only way Gideon's taking over this shack is by breaking in and stealing my deed.
A crash is heard from upstairs.
Wendy: You mean like, right now?
Cuts to Stan's office, where Gideon is attempting to open Stan's safe.
Gideon: 38? 41? Oh, heavens to Betsy!
Stan: Gideon!
Gideon: Well, well, Stanford, my arch-nemesis. We seem to have entered a dangerous game of cat and mouse. But the question remains, who is the cat, and who is the-
Stan: Soos, broom.
Gideon: Oh no, not the broom!
Stan: (Chases Gideon around the room with the broom)
Gideon: (Hisses)
Stan: (Hits Gideon with the broom twice before chasing him outside)
Gideon: You mark my words, Stanford, one day I'm gonna get that combination. And once I steal that deed, you'll never see the Mystery Shack again!
Stan: Good luck, bucko!
Close up of Gideon looking angry.
Cuts to Stan putting the Mystery Shack deed in his safe and pressing the lock button.
Stan: (Laughs) The combo to this safe is in the one place he'll never find it: my brain. (Walks away)
Gideon: Your brain isn't as safe as you might think, Stanford Pines! (Pulls out Journal 2) This is the last straw! It's time to unlock the journal's greatest secret...
Camera zooms in on picture of the Zodiac seen in the opening sequence.
Cut to theme song.
Dipper, Mabel, Stan, and Wendy are watching television. Dipper and Wendy are shooting each other with Nyarf brand dart guns.
Television: He put the old in "old west," they call him (musically:) Grandpa the Kid!
Grandpa the Kid: (On television) I'm tired during the day.
Stan: I can relate to this.
Mabel: Grunkle Stan, why can't we watch a movie that we'll all enjoy? Dream Boy High! "Where love is on your permanent record."
Stan, Dipper and Wendy: Boo!
Mabel: You'll learn to like it.
A crash is heard from the kitchen.
Soos: (Runs into the room) Aaah! Dudes, there's a bat in the kitchen! It tried to touch me with its "weird little bat fingers!"
Stan: Don't worry, I got this under control (Leans back in armchair) Dipper, take care of it.
Mabel: (Laughs) Yes!
Dipper: What? Why can't Mabel do it?
Stan: 'Cause life ain't fair. Now go fight a bat so we can watch TV.
Dipper: No way, Grunkle Stan! You always make me do dumb chores. I'm putting my foot down this time! (Stamps foot on carpet)
Stan: I said do it kid. Now!
Old west music plays.
Stan and Dipper have a stare off, growling at each other. Stan wins.
Dipper: Okay, I'll do it! (Sighs; walks into kitchen, Mabel following behind him)
Dipper: (Picks up a saucepan and spoon on the floor, mumbling) Stupid chores...
Mabel: Remember, bats are more afraid of you than you are of them.
Dipper: (Enters the kitchen, offscreen)
Mabel: Maybe I'm thinking of ducklings.
Loud screams and crashes come from the kitchen, while kitchen supplies and Dipper's hat are thrown outside.
Mabel: Ducklings. (Laughs) Quack quack! Quack quack quack!
Cuts to Soos applying disinfectant to Dipper's wounds while Mabel applies bandages to Dipper's head.
Dipper: Ow, ow!
Soos: (Singing:) Swabbing on disinfectant, doo doo doo...
Dipper: (Sighs) Why does Grunkle Stan always pick on me? Think about it! The more painful or difficult the chore is, the more likely it is I'll have to do it. Why doesn't he pick on you guys?
Soos: Dipper, Stan's personality is one of life's great mysteries. Like whether or not it's possible to lick your own elbow.
Mabel: I bet you can't!
Soos: I bet I can! (Tries to lick elbow and walks away)
Mabel: (Following Soos; chanting:) Lick it! Lick it! Lick it!
Dipper: Sometimes I feel like Stan hates me. (Looks up to a picture of Stan on the wall)
Stan: (Offscreen, yelling:) The sink's clogged. Dipper, get in here and fix it!
Dipper: (Growls, grabs his Nyarf dart gun and fires it at the picture)
The scene fades into the same picture of Stan, except with a red "X" painted over his eyes and surrounded by candles.
Gideon: You think that combination's safe in your mind, Stanford? We'll see what my new minion has to say about that! (Chanting:)Triangulum, entangulum. Vene foris dominus mentium. Vene foris videntis omnium! (Broken Latin for "Triangle, entangled. Lord of Minds, come to the door. All-seeing one, come to the door!")
Cuts to Mabel and Soos outside, Soos is still attempting to lick his own elbow, with Mabel still chearing him on.
Mabel: (Chanting:) Lick that elbow! Lick that elbow!
Soos: Like the infinite horizon, it eludes my grasp.
Gideon: (Offscreen, laughs)
Mabel: Is that who I think it is?
Mabel and Soos walk toward Gideon.
Gideon: (Grunting, clasps his stomach and his eyes glow blue; chants:) Egassem sdrawkcab. egassem sdrawkcab. Egassem sdrawkcab! Egassem sdrawkcab! Egassem sdrawkcab!
The background turns black and white, wildlife pauses in midair and Bill Cipher appears.
Bill Cipher: (Laughs) Oh, oh, Gravity Falls! It is good to be back. Name's Bill Cipher, and I take it you're some kind of living ventriloquist dummy? (Laughs) I'm just kidding, I know who you are, Gideon!
Gideon: W-what are you? H-how do you know my name?
Bill: Oh, I know lots of things! (Body shows pictures of various cryptic locations. In a slow, deep voice:) LOTS OF THINGS... (Body returns to normal) Hey, look what I can do! (Gestures toward a deer, the deer's teeth then fly into his hand. Gives the teeth to Gideon) Deer teeth! For you, kid! (Laughs)
Gideon: (Cries out in shock and drops teeth on the ground) You're insane!
Bill: Sure I am, what's your point? (Puts teeth back in deer's mouth and the deer runs away)
Gideon: Listen to me, demon! I have a job for you. I need you to enter the mind of Stanford Pines and steal the code to his safe.
Mabel and Soos: (Gasp)
Bill: (Laughs) Wait... Stan Pines? (Body shows pictures of Stan and his tattoo) You know what, kid? You've convinced me! I'm sold! I'll help you with this and in return you can help me with something I've been working on! We'll work out the details later.
Gideon: Deal!
Bill: (His hand lights on blue fire and he shakes hands with Gideon) Well, time to invade Stan's mind! This should be fun! Remember: reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye! (Disappears)
Gideon: It worked! (Laughs maniacally)
Cut to Dipper sweeping the carpet in the living room while Stan sleeps in his chair.
Stan: (Mumbling in his sleep) Oh, I'm so sorry.
Dipper: What is going on in that guy's head? (Begins to walk away)
Mabel and Soos run in.
Mabel: Dipper! We've gotta help Stan!
Dipper: Wait, what?
Soos: (While eating Nyums brand Burrito Bites) This evil triangle guy said he's gonna break into Stan's mind and steal the combination to his safe! Also we stopped for snacks on the way here.
Dipper: Triangle guy? (Takes out Journal 3) I feel like I've seen something like this before in the journal... (Reading:) "Beware Bill, the most powerful and dangerous creature I've ever encountered. Whatever you do, never let him enter your mind."
Stan: (Grunts in sleep)
Dipper, Mabel and Soos: (Gasp)
Mabel: Grunkle Stan!
Cut to shadow of Bill entering Stan's mind.
Stan: (Eyes start glowing blue and grunts while making random movements)
Mabel: (Takes the journal from Dipper; reads:) It is possible to follow the demon into a person's mind and prevent his chaos. One must simply recite this incantation.
Dipper: Ugh, this is just great. I spend all day cleaning sinks and fighting bats for Stan and now I have to save him from some crazy brain demon?
Mabel: But if we don't do anything Gideon might steal the shack! Or worse!
Stan: (Eyes still glowing blue, he screams)
Dipper: (Sighs) Fine. Get ready, guys. We're about to journey into the most horrifying, disturbing place any of us have ever been: our uncle's mind.
Lightning flashes and dramatic music plays.
Soos: You think I can take these Burrito Bites into Stan's brain? Thumbs up? Thumbs down? (Pauses; laughs) You know what, I'm just gonna bring 'em.
Cut to commercial break: Cut to Dipper, Mabel and Soos around a sleeping Stan in the living room with the lights off and surrounded by a circle of candles: Dipper: (Holding Journal 3) Okay, guys, in order to save our uncle, we're gonna have to follow that... dream demon into his mind.
Soos: I wonder what Stan's thinking about right now.
Soos: (Using Stan as a ventriloquist dummy, in a high voice:) I love Soos like a son!
Dipper: Soos! This is serious!
Soos: (Still using Stan's mouth in a high voice) Sorry!
Mabel and Soos: (Laugh) Yeah! (High five each other)
Dipper: Let's do this. (Puts hand on Stan's head)
Mabel and Soos also put their hands on Stan's head.
Dipper: (Reading from journal:) Videntus omnium. Magister mentium. Magnesium ad hominem. Magnum opus. Habeas corpus! Inceptus Nolanus overratus! Magister mentium! Magister mentium! MAGISTER MENTIUM!
As Dipper speaks, his eyes go blue, then Soos', then Mabel's and the candles go out, and after the incantation, there is a blue explosion and the gang is inside Stan's mind. Mabel and Soos make exclamations of awe.
Soos: What the?
Mabel: Whoa, this is Stan's mind?
Soos: I figured there would be more hot old ladies.
Mabel: Remember everyone, we've got to look out for the triangle guy.
Bill: (Arriving) Yeah, look out for the triangle guy!
Soos: It's him! It's the guy!
Mabel: You leave our uncle's brain alone, you isosceles monster! (Runs inside Bill, seconds later comes back outside) Gotcha! Wait, what?
Bill: Ah, Stan's family, we meet at last! Question Mark, Shooting Star, Pine Tree, I had a hunch I might bump into you! (Shoots a hole in Dipper's chest)
Dipper: (Screams, deep breathing)
Mabel: (Sticks her hand through Dipper) Boop!
Dipper: Mabel! What do you want with our uncle's mind anyway?
Bill: Oh, just the code to the old man's safe! Inside the shack is a maze of a thousand doors representing your uncle's memories. Behind one of them is a memory of him inputting the code! I just need to find it and Gideon will pay me handsomely.
Mabel: Not if we stop you!
Bill: Hah, fat chance! I'm the master of the mind. (Blue flame encircles him) I even know what you're thinking right now!
Mabel: That's impossible, no one can guess what I'm thinking!
Bill makes Xyler and Craz appear.
Xyler: Whoa, where are we, bro?
Craz: We must be in heaven, 'cause I just saw an angel! (points to Mabel)
Mabel: (Hugging Craz's leg) I'm never letting go of your leg!
Bill: You're out of your league, kids. Turn around now before you see something you might regret. Later, suckers! (Crashes through wall of mindscape Mystery Shack)
Dipper: We're goin' in! Mabel, can we leave those guys out here? Looking at them -- hurts my eyes...
Mabel: No! They can help us!
Xyler and Craz: Totally! Arm throne! (Carry Mabel in arms)
Mabel: (Chuckles)
Soos: Dude! Arm throne! (Starts walking after Dipper) Arm throoone!
Dipper: (Screams)
Everyone heads into the shack and awes.
Craz: Radical!
Xyler: I also think it's radical!
Stan Bat: (Flying by Dipper walking down steps) No refunds! No refunds! No refunds! (Repeats)
Some of Stan's fears are shown, and it cuts to the gang entering Stan's memories, all speaking.
Soos: Whoa, look! All of Stan's memories!
Dipper: Great. Sure there's plenty of memories of Stan bossing me around, can't wait to see more of that.
Mabel: Come on Dipper, we've gotta find the code before Bill does!
Craz: Mabel is talking!
Xyler: So rad!
Soos: Let's get searching!
Gang runs down hallway, panting. Dipper opens a door: Cut to scene in Colombian prison: Stan: Jorge, Rico, you're the two best Colombian prison friends a fellah could make.
Jorge: Espero que muera. (Subtitles read "I hope he dies.")
Rico: Sí. (Subtitle reads "Sí.")
Dipper: Nope!
Dipper closes the door. Cut to Soos opening another door: Cut to scene outside a home: Stan: Sir, would you like to buy a Stan-Vac vacuum? Stan-Vac: It sucks more than anything.
Door closes: Stan: Gotta work on that.
Soos: Nope.
Cut to Soos closing the door: Cut to Mabel opening a small door: Mabel: Whoa, it's Stan on a date!
Cuts to Stan on a date with Lazy Susan.
Stan: So, your, uh... your eye is weird, let's... let's talk about that.
Lazy Susan: (Laughs)
Stan: (Laughs; thinking:) This is going terrible. I can't think of anything to say and she.. looks weird up close. Think of a way out! (Aloud:) NON-SPECIFIC EXCUSE! (Knocks over food and runs away)
Mabel: Yeesh. (Closes the door)
Dipper discovers a door written "Dipper Memories."
Dipper: Look, guys! Memories about me! (Opens the door)
Soos: That doesn't seen like a good idea.
Dipper: I just wanna know what the old guy really thinks of me.
Mabel: We already know how Stan feels about us! He loves us! We're great. (Walks away)
Soos: Yeah. Let's just keep moving.
Xyler: More moving?
Craz: Yes! I love motion!
Dipper walks a bit, but turns around and runs to the Dipper memories door and enters it.
Dipper: Okay. Just a quick peek.
Dipper walks by the doors. The sound Stan calling Dipper echoes. Dipper walks in front of one of them and opens the door. Inside is a memory of Stan making Dipper chop firewood.
Stan: No buts! Now go and chop that firewood already! (Hits Dipper's head with a newspaper)
Dipper walks away to chop the firewood. Stan sits on the couch.
Soos: Dude, Stan, I've been meaning ask you. Why are you so hard on Dipper all the time?
Stan: Look, Soos, I'm gonna let you in on something. Wanna know what I really think? (Whispers to Soos)
Dipper leans to listen what Stan is talking.
Stan: (In a whisper:)The kid's a loser. He's weak! He's an utter embarrassment! I just wanna get rid of him.
Dipper closes the door, depressed. Cuts to Bill, disguised as Soos, and Mabel.
Soos: Hello? Code to Stan's safe? Where are you?
Xyler: Opening and closing doors is fun!
Craz: I can do it also!
Soos opens a door. Inside the door Stan pushes buttons of the vending machine. The vending machine opens and a secret hallway appears.
Stan: If only people knew the truth, that hidden behind this vending machine, I secretly have a -
Soos: BORING! (Closes the door)
Cuts to Mabel in front of a door written "Top Secret" on top of it.
Mabel: Alright guys, I have a good feeling about this door.
Mabel opens the door. Inside it has a memory of Stan in the bathroom.
Stan: Hey, Mr. Tummy! (Changes his voice) Hey, Mr. Stan! (Back to normal voice) Are you hungry? (Changes his voice again) Yes!
Soos: AAH..
Stan: Eat your crackers! (Changes his voice) Yum yum yum yum!
Mabel: Sweet Sally! (Closes the door)
Soos: Hah, we've been searching forever! What if the triangle guy finds the memory before we do?
Mabel: If we wanna find Stan's memory, we gotta think like Stan. He's always hiding stuff, right?
Soos: Yeah! Like how he hides his arrest warrants under that rug in the gift shop?
Mabel: Soos, that's it! Look! (Walks to a rug and finds a door under it)
All: (Gasp)
Mabel: (Opens the door)
Stan: (Kisses the deed and puts it into the safe) There ya go. (Closes the safe door) And now to input the code. 13, 44, and finally..
Soos: (Closes the door) Dude! we found it!
Mabel: Yeah!
Xyler and Craz: But what do we do now? Jinx!
Mabel: Um... um... Let's just destroy the door before Bill can find it! (Finds a battle-ax)
Soos: Wait! Maybe I should do it! My big fat arms are great at destroying stuff!
Mabel: Oh, okay.
Soos begins to lifts up the door with some kind of psychic power. As he does this, another Soos walks in.
Soos: Hey guys! I just saw a memory of Stan roller skating and wearing short-shorts! (Pause) Didn't look... didn't look that bad! Hey, something weird is goin' on here.
Bill: (Still in Soos' form, laughs; turns back to normal) Boy, you kids sure are gullible! I knew you'd lead me straight to the code! (Laughs) It's funny how dumb you are.
Commercial break.
Bill: The combination to Stan's safe. Boy, that was even easier then I thought!
Mabel: Oh, yeah? Well, you're a-a stink face!
Xyler: Awesome comeback, Mabel!
Mabel: Don't treat me like a child, Xyler.
Bill: Later, suckers! (Flies away)
Mabel: Come on! We've gotta save Stan!
Dipper: (Walking up from the stairs) What's the point? Why should I save him, huh? I work for Stan day and night and all he does in return is say he wants to get rid of me.
Mabel: Dipper, I'm sure that's not true.
Dipper: I saw it with my own eyes in one of his memories, Mabel! He always picked on me and now I know why. Stan hates me!
All except Dipper: (Gasp)
Mabel: Dipper, it doesn't matter what you saw. If we don't stop Bill, we'll lose the Shack!
Dipper: No! You know what? Not this time. For once this is one of Stan's problems I'm not gonna fix.
Mabel: Fine. Come on, Soos. We'll save Stan ourselves.
Soos: Dipper, you're a cool dude, but... this isn't cool, dude.
Craz: Let's go, Xyler.
Xyler: All right, Craz!
Craz: Those are our names!
Mabel, Craz, Xyler and Soos leave. Cuts to Bill. Bill opens every door he passes. Then a phone ringing sound is heard. Bill touches his bow tie revealing he had a call from Gideon.
Bill: Y'ello?
Gideon: Bill! Did you find the memory with the combination yet?
Bill: Relax, short stack. I got it right here.
Gideon: Ha ha ha! Perfect. now give it to me and we'll finish our bargain.
Bill: Finally! It's--you got a pen there? It's 13, 44... (The door gets hit by a nyarf gun) Ah! No no no! Wait, no!
The door falls to the bottomless pit from one of Stan's memories.
Stan: ...and none more bottomless than the bottomless pit! Which you can see here is bottomless. (Watches the door fall) Whooh! Whatever that was, it's gone forever!
The door closes. Behind Bill is Mabel who shot the door with a nyarf gun.
Mabel: Ha ha! Boom!
Xyler and Craz: Mabel did it!
Soos: The Shack is safe!
Gideon: The deal's off!
Bill: Wa-wait! No! Wait!
Gideon: I'm switchin' to plan B!
The screen turns off and Bill's body cracks to pieces and falls off. Then Bill's body reappears as red.
Bill: YOU! You can't even imagine what you just cost me! Do you have any idea what I'm like... (In a low, demonic voice:) WHEN I'M MAD???!!
Several characters pass by Bill's eye. Then a rock in the shape of Stan's head pops out from their feet and raises up. Bill's size starts increasing.
Mabel: (Gasp)
Soos: So I guess he gets really mad when he gets mad.
Bill: (In a low, demonic voice:) EAT NIGHTMARES!
All: (Scream)
Cut to Dipper walking around, finding a way out.
Dipper: Ugh! How do I get out of this place? (Opens doors) Exit? Hello? (Opens the door with a memory of him chopping wood) Aw, this again?
Stan: He's a loser. He's weak. I just wanna get rid of him.
Dipper: (Starts to close the door)
Stan: Heh, yeah. Those are all things people said about me when I was a boy.
Dipper: (Opens the door) Huh?
Stan: It was terrible. I was the biggest wimp on the playground!
A door of Stan's memory opens behind Dipper. It shows Stan as a kid getting bullied by other kids and running with tears.
Stan: So one summer, my pop signs up me for boxing lessons.
A door of Stan boxing opens. He is getting punched by his opponent.
Stan: It was even worse than the school yard!
Young Stan: Left hook! (Punches his opponent)
Stan: Y'know, that time I thought my pop was trying to torture me.
A door of Stan at the theater opens.
Stan: But wouldn't you know it? The old man was doin' me a favor all along!
Man: (Tries to steal Carla's bag.) Give me that bag!
Carla: Help! My purse! Help!
Young Stan: Left hook! (Punches the man)
The people all around Stan cheers for him. Carla gives him a kiss.
Stan: You see it? That why I'm hard on Dipper. To toughen him up. So when the world fights, he fights back.
Soos: Do you think it's actually working?
Stan: (Points at Dipper)
Dipper (in the memory)
(Chops the wood in a half) I-I did it! Ha ha! Yes!
Stan: He's really comin' along! When push comes to shove, I'm actually proud of him. Just... don't ever tell him that. His head is big enough as it is.
Soos: (Laughs) That's true.
Dipper grins and puts his hand on the memory. Then he accidentally gets into the memory, facing with Stan.
Stan: Whoa, kid, what are you doin' here? Nice hole in your chest, by the way. Let's fix that up. (Points his finger and the hole in Dipper's chest regenerates)
Dipper: Wh-what the- How did you do that?
Stan: Word to the wise, kid. We're in the mind! You can do what ever you imagine in here! (Creates a Pitt Cola and drinks it)
Dipper: Well how about that?
A fighting sound and Soos', Mabel's scream is heard outside from the memory.
Dipper: Oh my gosh, what am I doing? I gotta stop Bill! (Runs out of the memory)
Stan: Huh, fighting back.
Cut to Bill: Bill: One nightmare, coming up!
Soos: Nightmare? Hope he doesn't mean that British dog man I'm always dreaming about...
The British dog man appears in front of Soos.
British dog man: 'Ello, 'ello, 'ello! Who's crike for a stick in the pudding? (Pokes Soos with his cane)
Soos: (Screams) It's everything I've ever feared!
Bill: You! (Strikes a nightmare to Mabel)
Mabel becomes green and ugly. Her voice also changes low and slow.
Mabel: (Screams) My cuteness! (Voice distorted) What did you do to my - (In a low voice:) cuteness? (Blowing raspberry)
Bill: You're next! (Points at Xyler and Craz)
Craz: Cool! We're next!
Craz dances with Xyler but they both get knocked out by Bill's beam. They burn and vanish.
Mabel: (In a low voice:) My dream boys!
Bill: And now to finish you all once in for all!
Mabel and Soos: No, no!
Dipper: (Flies in) Hey! Bill!
Bill: WHAT?!
Dipper: Nice bow tie! (Makes a hole in Bill with laser from his eyes)
Bill: (Screams)
Mabel: (In a low voice:) Dipper!
Soos: Dude!
Dipper: Guys! I just learned that you can conjure whatever you can conceive in Grunkle Stan's mindscape!
Mabel: (In a low voice:) Huh?
Dipper: Just think of cool fighting stuff and it will happen. Like this! (Gets rid of the British dog man with laser)
Soos: Ha ha, he's dead now.
Bill: What? Who told you that! Don't listen to him!
Mabel: We can do anything? (Comes back to normal, along with her voice) Like have kittens for fists? (Her fists becomes kittens; as she shoots them at Bill:) Po-pow! P-p-pow! Pow!
The kitten fists stick on Bill.
Bill: (Screams)
Mabel: (The kittens on her hands start licking her; laughs) Well hello, friends!
Soos: Anything, huh? Soos love stomach beam stare! (Shoots colorful question marks from stomach and knocks Bill off)
Bill: (Covers his hole) Enough games! (Shoots laser from his eye)
Mabel: Hamster ball shields activate! (Creates a hamster ball around herself)
Soos and Dipper: Activate! (Creates a hamster ball around themselves)
The laser gets reflected by the hamster ball and hits Bill in the eye.
Bill: AH! Oh my eye! AAH!
Mabel, Dipper and Soos' hamster ball breaks.
Mabel: Rise, Xyler! Rise, Craz!
Xyler and Craz rise from behind her back with musical instruments. They start to play synthesized music.
Bill: No! Synthesized music! It hurts!
Dipper: And now to imagine your worst nightmare! A portal out of Stan's mind!
Mabel: (Singing:) Out of Stan's mi-ind!
Dipper: Mabel! Everyone, together!
The gang all starts to imagine. A hole below Bill appears.
Bill: No, no, no! ENOUGH!! (Makes everything white. He becomes yellow again) You know, I'm  impressed with you guys. You're a lot more clever than you look. Especially the fat one.
Soos: (Pokes Mabel; in a whisper:) He's talking about you!
Bill: So I'm gonna let you kids off the hook. You might come in handy later. BUT KNOW THIS: A darkness approaches. A day will come in the future when everything you care about will change! Until then I'll be watching you! I'LL BE WATCHING YOU... (Bill disappears, his words echoing)
Dipper: He's gone! we did it! (Gang cheers and then they begin to disappear) Stan must be waking up.
Mabel: (To Xyler and Craz:) Will I ever see you guys again?
Craz: In your dreams.
Xyler: Good one, bro. Good one.
The gang wakes up in the living room, shouting in surprise.
Mabel: We did it!
Stan: What? Did what? What are you all doing here? And why was I dreaming of two brightly colored and radical young men?
Dipper: Grunkle Stan! You're okay! (Hugs Stan)
Stan: What is this, a hug?
Dipper: Nope! It's a choke hold. (Chokes Stan)
Mabel and Soos laughs. Dipper stops choking Stan.
Stan: (Chuckles) Not bad, kid. Not bad.
Mabel: I'm just glad Gideon didn't get into the safe. I really love this old shack.
Soos: Group hug! (Pause) No? I never know the right time!
The Shack starts to shake.
Dipper: Hey, do you guys feel...?
An explosion happens behind the sofa.
Gideon: Oh, I'm sorry, Pines family. Did I wake you?
Dipper: But.. we defeated Bill!
Gideon: Bill failed me! So I switched to plan B: dynamite!
Stan: What? Bill? Who? What are you guys talking about?
Gideon: Spoiler alert, Stanford! I've got the deed! (Shows the family the deed) The Mystery Shack belongs to me! So get out of my property! (By a handheld transceiver:) Daddy? Bring it around the front.
Dipper: Don't worry, guys! It's just part of the dream! We're gonna wake up any second now! Right? Right?
Bud Gleeful  drives a crane with a wrecking ball to the shack and smashes the Mystery Shack's sign.
All: (Screams)
Soos: Someone pinch me, dude...
The broken sign falls in front of the gang.
Cut to end credit, slowed down in a Twins Peaks style. It says: To Be Continued...