Episode starts at Wendy's house, where Dipper and Wendy are watching Nearly Almost Dead But Not Quite!
Trixandra: What do we do, Chadley? I thought they were dead!
Chadley: Far worse, Trixandra! They're... Nearly Almost Dead But Not Quite!
Trixandra: (Screams)
Dipper Pines: Man, these movies are a lot less scary when you actually fought real zombies.
Wendy Corduroy: (To the TV:) They're slow! Just power-walk away from them!
Dipper: (Pokes Wendy with his elbow) How much you want to bet that guy dies first?
TV: (Chomping noise)
Chadley: Aah! My face is being eaten a lot!
Wendy and Dipper: (Laugh)
Wendy: Chadley ain't pretty no more.
(Wendy's phone buzzes)
Wendy: One second. (Grabs phone) Ugh, another text from Robbie!
Dipper: Oh, yeah! Robbie. How's, uh, how's all that going? (Making circles with his finger)
Wendy: Ugh, I'm over him, I just wish he was over me! Just look at these texts. (Shows Dipper her phone) Winky frown? What does that even mean?
Dipper: And you're not... (Cough) not like, seeing any other guys or...
Wendy: Of course I am, meet my new boyfriend, dude. (Hugs plush walrus)
Dipper: (Laughs) Right, right. (Nervous laugh) So, I was wondering if maybe you wanted to maybe if, you know, you and me, whatever. I mean if maybe you (Grimaces) wanted to join me and Mabel on this mystery hunt? Tomorrow? Conspiracy stuff and all that?
Wendy: Yeah, dude. I love doing all that junk with friends. (To TV:) Yo Chadley, watch out!
Dipper: Yeah, that's what we are. (Looks at a note he had written about confessing his crush on Wendy) That's all we'll ever be. (Crumples it up, lies back on Wendy's bed) Friends.
Wendy: Dude, you're laying on my bra.
Dipper: Hu—? (Screams)
Cut to theme song.
Workmen are fixing up the nearly destroyed Mystery Shack.
Stan Pines: Hey, easy with that, it's genuine plastic! And repave the cracks in the parking lot while you're at it! (Looking into chasm) I don't want my car falling into China!
Workman: Mr. Pines, what exactly caused all this damage? I need to write a report.
Stan: Uhhh, big woodpecker.
Gift shop sign falls over.
Stan: Keep the change. (Stuffs several bills into the workman's front pocket) ...I'm winking under my eye patch.
Workman: Works for me.
Stan: (Lifts his eye patch, looks around) Now where'd those kids run off to?
(Dipper, Mabel, and Soos are standing around the tree that contained Journal 3)
Dipper: (Taps a pen on his lantern) Thank you all for coming.
Mabel Pines: Hey, when there's a mystery, you can count on your sister...-Ey.
Soos Ramirez: (Laughs) That's an amazing rhyme. When you want some, good... When you need a Soos, you... Oh oh, gosh, I don't know.
Dipper: We're here to solve the number one mystery in Gravity Falls; who wrote this journal?! Thirty years ago the author vanished without a trace. But according to this new clue, (Turns on portable black light) we may have found his secret hiding place. (The black light reveals hidden drawings on the page) We find that author, we learn the answers to everything. We just need to figure out a way to get down there.
Wendy: Chop it down, dudes! (Arrives on bike, rings bell)
Mabel: Wendy!
Dipper: Oh, hey! You came.
Wendy: Dude, I'm so stoked about this. I've been wanting to go adventuring with you guys. Sure beats picking up after my dad at home.
Cut to Manly Dan at home.
Manly Dan: (Repeatedly hits his head on the low ceiling and knocks down a beam) Ow!, Ow! Ow! Who put that wall there? Ow!
Cut back to the gang.
Wendy: Thanks for the invite, man!
Dipper: (Flustered:) Of course, anytime you wanna.. I, we're always... Us.
Mabel: Uh oh! (Pokes Dipper) Inviting Wendy on our mission? Me thinks there's romance afoot!
Dipper: No, look I've thought this through and I'm over Wendy. I've looked at it from every angle, and that thing was going nowhere. I know what matters to me now, and it's finding the author of this journal.
Mabel: Hah! YOU'RE over Wendy?! Allow me to put on my "skepticals." (Makes circles around her eyes with her fingers) Whooop!
Dipper: I've moved on, Mabel. You should too.
Mabel: Skepticals...
Wendy: Hey, is it just me, or does that branch kinda look like a lever?
Dipper turns his back on the tree. Wendy uses her belt to start climbing up the tree.
Dipper: Huh, yeah. But how do we get up there...? It seems we'd need like a ladder, or like, ladder shoes... Yeah, ladder shoes. I'll get Soos to draw up a prototype.
Wendy: (At the lever-branch now, pulls an ax out of her belt, swings it around and hits the lever) Boosh.
Soos: Whoa ho-ho!
Mabel: (Gasps) Wow!
Wendy: Oh yeah, my dad used to make me compete in these lumberjack games when I was a kid. Guess I kinda ruled at it.
The tree begins shaking. Three crows fly away.
Wendy: Whoa, what is that? (Falls down, screaming)
At the bottom, the ground and tree sink down, taking Wendy with it. The others pull her out before she falls in. They stand around it as a staircase to the middle of the tree appears, and subsequently a door inside the tree opens.
Dipper: Alright guys, this is it. Remember, whatever happens down there, we tell no one.
Mabel: (Gives thumbs up)
Soos: (Turns hat backwards)
Wendy: (Zips her lips)
Dipper: (Holds up a lantern) Now, who wants to go first?
All: (Walk down the staircase and into a room)
Mabel and Soos: Whoa!
Dipper: Cool!
Wendy: This is so, stupid cool!
Dipper: It's like a fallout shelter or something. It must've belonged to the author.
Wendy: (Takes the Fallout Shelter poster off the wall and dusts it off) This is going over my bed.
Mabel: (Puts face in a barrel and comes out with caterpillars on her face) Haha! My face feels fuzzy!
Dipper: This is incredible! It's like he was preparing for a disaster. But what kinda disaster would need supplies for over sixty years? (Looks up a shelf with dated boxes, the highest labeled 2070)
Soos: (Opens weapons locker) Oh my gosh! A Smez despenser! I remember these things. What's that, yes I will have some of your old-timey face food. (Eats candy from dispenser) Ew, dusty! (Eats a second piece)
Dipper: (Holding dripping bean can) Wait guys, I think this can was opened recently.
Soos: The author might still be alive, down here!
Wendy: Wait a minute... (Wendy pulls it down a map of Gravity Falls from 1982, revealing an open hatch cover) I think I know where he might have gone... (Leads everyone in crawling through the tunnel) Whoa! (Leads into a room made of metal cubes) Whoa! Oh, man! Was this place built in the past or the future?
Soos: This room is way creepy.
Mabel: Not as creepy as Dipper's internet history! Heyo! (Shoves Dipper, and he steps on the square with the design and it depresses, causing the hatch to slam and lock. The symbols on the other wall squares glow red, a buzzer sounds and the room starts to shake. Some squares start to poke into the room)
Soos: What's goin' on, dude?
All: (Pressing up against wall, beginning to panic)
Mabel: Haha, it's hard to be scared with caterpillars on your face. Wall things! Crazy wall things happening right now!
Wendy: (Tries to push the blocks back in) It won't stop!
Mabel: Dipper! What do we do?!
Dipper: (Flips frantically through the journal and stops at a page labeled "Security Room." He shines the blacklight on it) Oh, come on! (Shows them a page with symbol on it) Find these four symbols! Quick! Everybody step on one!
Soos: One! (Pushes symbol)
Wendy: Two! (Punches symbol)
Mabel: Three! (Jumps over and slaps the symbol)
Dipper: Four! (Climbs up blocks and taps symbol; a door opens on the other side of the room)
Mabel: Run for it!
All: (Run out; Dipper's vest get caught in the block, he slips out)
Wendy: Yes! Yes! That was, huh, that was nuts! (To Dipper:) You ruled back there, man!
Dipper: Haha, thanks.
Wendy: Get a load of this crazy Surveillance Room.
Soos: Check it out dudes! (Makes faces with beakers in front)
Wendy: Soos, Soos... That is hilarious.
Mabel: (To Dipper:) Hey bro, you forgot your vest. (Walks over to Dipper's vest and pulls it out, causing the note fall to the floor) What the..? (Reading aloud:) "Dear Wendy, I've always had a crush on..." (Gasps and covers her mouth with the note. Excitedly, to herself:) OHMYGOSH! (To Dipper:) Hey. Dipper! Look what I found...
Dipper: (Gasps) What did you...? Give me that! (Snatches it)
Mabel: I know it! I know it! I know it! You're not over Wendy at all! (Gasps) And you were gonna tell her today?
Dipper: No, I changed my mind; it's a bad idea. I'd embarrass myself and then I'd be another guy she hates, like Robbie.
Mabel: Dipper, you should just tell her already. One way or another, you'll feel better afterwards.
Dipper: Look, Mabel, I can't tell her no matter how much I want to, so just drop it OK?
Wendy: Dude! Dipper, you gotta check out this weird metal closet. (Robot voice:) I am a robot, I have a metal closet.
Dipper: (To Wendy:) Coming! (To Mabel:) This never happened.
Mabel: (Thinking:) He wants to tell her but he's scared; maybe he needs a little push. Good idea, Mabel. Thanks, Mabel! (Runs and hugs Dipper. Speaking:) Brother, whatever happens I just you need to know something: this is for your own good.
Dipper: What?
Mabel: (Shoves him into the closet with Wendy and shuts it)
Dipper: What the-? (Looks at Wendy, gasps and pounds on the door) MABEL! Let us out!
Mabel: Oh, I'll let you out Dipper, as soon as you tell Wendy that thing you've been wanting to tell her! You'll thank me for this later!
Wendy: What is she talking about?
Dipper: Nothing! Mabel's just been eating raw sugar packets again.
Mabel: (Eating raw sugar packets) Om nom... That's besides the point!
Dipper: Let me out RIGHT NOW! (Pounds on the door)
Wendy: Uh! Where are the lights? (Pulls cord)
Dipper and Wendy: AHHH!
Water gushes down, followed by a blast of hot air that pushes them together. A red light flashes and a tone sounds. A sign reading "Decontamination Complete" flashes and doors open on a wrecked underground room.
Dipper: Whoa! A hidden lab! Maybe the author did experiments down here.
Wendy: Huh. What do you think dug all these tunnels?
Dipper: Lets hope we don't find out. (Hears a growling sound, screams and runs as a dark figure approaches) Mabel, open up, for real! There's a monster in here!
Mabel: Ha ha, nice try! The only monsters are your own inner demons, Dipper!
Soos: That is so wise.
Wendy: Dipper, just say whatever Mabel wants you to say, so she'll let us out of here!
Mabel: Come on Dipper! Now's the time, bro!
Dipper: Wendy, I— I— I'm gonna find another way out! (Grabs Wendy's hand and pulls her in the other direction)
Wendy: Wait, what? Dude, where are we going? (They run down a tunnel and the thing corners them there) What do we do?
Dipper: I don't know! (They watch as the shadows of a man and the creature fight)
Unknown Man: Back, back you heinous beast! (Walks forward into view) Well, I just ripped out a monster's tongue. (Throws it down on the ground in front of them)
Dipper: It's, it's you!
Unknown Man: Hurry now, I scared it off, but it'll regenerate. (Leads them down the tunnel) I wasn't expecting guests. I've been down here for a very long time. Years! Weeks, maybe! I miss orange juice.
Dipper: You don't understand, you're the guy I've been looking for!
Wendy: He's the guy?
Dipper: Wendy, he's the guy!
Unknown Man: The guy?
Dipper: I've got like a gillion questions! Why did you write the journals? Who was after you? Why did you build this bunker?
Unknown Man: Heh. My boy I'd love to discuss this in time. We have more pressing matters. (All begin to walk around the lab) It's one of my experiments, a shape shifter. Able to take the form of anyone or anything it sees. It broke free from a cage of solid steel! I've gone half crazy trying to catch the creature alone. But now you're here! Will you help me catch it? (Lifts goggles)
Dipper: (Gasps in excitement)
Cut to Mabel and Soos exploring the other room.
Soos: Sure are taking their time in there. (Slips on lab coat, and picks up laptop) Hey, do I look smarter with this coat and brief case? I feel like I look smarter...
Mabel: (Gasps) Razzle dazzle! Look at this tube-y thing! (Pressing button on dashboard) Frozen! Unfrozen! Frozen! Unfrozen! What's this? Experiment number 210: the shape shifter.
Soos: The shape shifter? Uh, dude? Didn't Dipper say there was a monster in there with them?
Mabel: (Gasps) I thought he was just joking!
Soos: YOU KNOW DIPPER'S JOKES ARE TERRIBLE!
Mabel: DIPPER!!
Cut back to Dipper, Wendy, and the Unknown Man, still in the lab.
Unknown Man: Come in, come in! I apologize for the state of things! I don't get many non mole-people visitors. Now the beast must have some weakness we can exploit. I just wish I had my research on me. But alas, I lost my journals so many years ago.
Wendy: Did you say journals?
Dipper: Dude! I found one of them! That's how I tracked you down here. (Pulls out journal)
Unknown Man: What?! Could it be? (Takes journal from Dipper) My boy! I can't express my gratitude! (Flips through pages of the journal)
Oh yes, after all these years...
Cut to Mabel and Soos running in to the other room, both are panting.
Soos: Wendy?! Oh, it's so dark! How will we ever find them?
Mabel: Leave that to Mabel! (Presses light bulb on sweater)
Soos: Whoa, rad! Although, isn't electric clothing kinda like a fire hazard?
Mabel: No. It's a fun hazard. Now let me light the way! (Runs off with Soos following behind)
Soos: We're coming for you dudes!
Cut back to Wendy, Dipper, and the Unknown Man, who is skimming through the pages of the journal.
Unknown Man: (To himself) Yes, yes. It's all here.
Dipper: (Whispering to Wendy, as she picks up a can of beans) Wendy! Isn't it amazing we're actually meeting the real author?
Wendy: (Gasps and bites lip. Holding out the can to Dipper. Whispering:) Dipper! Look! (Shows him a can of beans with a picture of "the author" on it)
Dipper: (To Man:) Uhh, you know what? We should probably get going. Can I have my journal back?
Unknown Man: (Blinks eyes sideways and turns head all the way around. voice deepening:) You're not going anywhere. (Crawls up wall and turns into "true form")
Dipper and Wendy: AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
Shape Shifter: (Laughs) How do you like my true form? Go on, admit it, you like it!
Dipper: You! What did you do to the real author?!
Shape Shifter: You'll likely never find out. That six-fingered nerd hasn't been himself in thirty years! But I thank you for bringing me his journal. He used to write it while I was in my cage. So many wonderful forms to take! (Flipping through the journal, it transforms into the Gremloblin, a gnome, and then the Hide Behind, laughing each time)
Dipper: (Whispering to Wendy:) We've gotta get that journal back!
Wendy: Hey body snatcher! (Picks up can of beans and throws at shape shifter) Snatch this!
Shape Shifter: (Dodges it, turns into a giant frog monster, and lashes its tongue out at Wendy)
Wendy: (Holds up a piece of metal to block the tongue, making it drop the journal)
Dipper: RUN! RUN! RUN!
Dipper and Wendy: (Run through tunnels)
Shape Shifter: (Chasing them while taking several forms, then turns into a giant rolly polly monster and chases them to a fork in the tunnels)
Dipper: (Throws his flashlight down one end and runs with Wendy down the other end. They crash into Soos and Mabel)
All: (Greet each other excitedly)
Dipper: (To Soos and Mabel:) Wait! How do we know they're not the shape shifter?
Soos: Maybe I am! Mabel, inspect my shape! (Pulls up shirt)
Mabel: (Pokes Soos' stomach) Poke!
Soos: (Laughs) Do that again!
Mabel: (Pokes Soos' stomach again) Poke!
Soos: (Laughs once more) Even better the second time!
Dipper: It's definitely them. (Gasps) Oh my gosh, Wendy, you're bleeding!
Wendy: It's cool, it's cool. It's just blood man; don't freak out.
Mabel: What happened?
Wendy: We got attacked by the shape shifter. (Taking off her shirt, and rips off a sleeve to cover the injury) He broke out of his cage, pretended to be the author, and wants Dipper's journal.
Dipper: Imagine if he escapes to the town! He can transform into anything! We could never trust anyone ever again!
Mabel: What do we do?!
Wendy: Well, he took us into his home, tricked us, and tried to destroy us. I say we return the favor.
Cut to a different tunnel. The shape shifter returns to its human form.
Shape Shifter: Dipper, my boy! Come out! (Momentarily loses its form) I must speak with you! (Turns into a creature with six legs, claws, and a one-eyed head resembling a hand) REVEAL YOURSELF, YOU SINGLE-FORMED HUMAN WEAKLING! (Slams its head into the ground)
Mabel: (Entering the room with Dipper) Oh boy, Dipper. That book sure is full of some great monsters!
Shape Shifter: There you are! Ooh, and a new one. (Turns into Mabel) Should I be one... (Turns into Dipper) ...or the other? How about both!? (Turns into a six-legged creature. The top half resembles Dipper while the bottom half resembles Mabel. Both halves have a large mouth with many sharp teeth. Roars)
Dipper and Mabel: They scream and run away as the shape shifter chases them. They enter a room with Wendy and Soos holding onto the valve of a pipe)
Dipper: Guys, he's coming! He's coming! NOW, NOW, NOW, NOW!!
Wendy and Soos: (Start turning the valve)
Soos: It's not working, dude!
Shape Shifter: (Catches up to them and tries to grab Dipper's journal with its tongue)
Dipper: HEY, LET GO!
Wendy: (Helps Dipper) You leave him alone!
Wendy is pulled away with the journal. Dipper is left behind.
Dipper: Wendy!
Wendy jumps on the shape shifter and prepares to attack it with her ax. Soos successfully turns the valve and a strong stream of water bursts from the pipe. Wendy and the shape shifter are knocked back by the water. Dipper, Mabel and Soos get caught in the flow as well. Wendy hits a rock under the water, then the water subsides.
Dipper, Mabel & Soos: (Gasp for air)
The water drains out.
Dipper: (Picks up Wendy's ax) WENDY!! (Voice echoes, follows the tunnel and finds Wendy laying on the ground) Wendy! No, no, no-no-no! Can you hear me? Oh, please be okay, please be okay! (Shakes her, with no response) Oh no, oh no! This is all my fault! If I had told you when we were in the closet we wouldn't be in this mess. But I was too scared and now you could be hurt or worse, and I never even got to tell you I'm, like—In love with you, Wendy! (Tears up and buries face in hands)
Wendy: (Standing behind Dipper) Uh, Dipper?
Dipper: Huh—wha—Wendy?! W-wait, then who's...?
Shape Shifter: (Gets up and growls)
Dipper: LOOK OUT!
Shape Shifter: (Attacks Wendy, in Wendy's voice) Give me back that journal!
Wendy: Never!
Shape Shifter: (Pushes her over and lands on her)
Wendy: Get off me! (Kicks the shape shifter off)
The two Wendys fight while Dipper watches. It is unclear which is the shape shifter. Dipper picks up the ax and approaches them.
Wendy: Give it back; it belongs to Dipper! (To Dipper:) Hit her with the ax!
Shape Shifter: Don't listen to her, Dipper!
Wendy: She's the shape shifter!
Dipper: Uh, uh, I don't know who's who! Give me a sign!
Shape Shifter: (Smiles and winks)
Wendy: (Zips her lips)
Dipper: (Stabs the shape shifter with the ax)
Shape Shifter: (Roars and returns to its true form)
The tube that Mabel froze and unfroze earlier flashes "READY." The shape shifter rips the ax out of its body.
Dipper: Push him in!
Dipper and Wendy push the shape shifter into the tube. The door closes and the tube begins freezing the shape shifter. The shot pulls back to show Mabel and Soos watching through a screen. Mabel has pressed the button to activate the tube.
Mabel: Frozen! (She and Soos fist-bump) Boop!
Soos: Boosh!
Shape Shifter: No! (Turns into a rock monster, then a flame monster, then the man from earlier) Let me ouuuut! (Returns to its true form and roars. It begins to freeze)
Mabel and Soos are now in the same room as Wendy, Dipper, and the shape shifter: Soos: Let's get out of here, dudes.
Shape Shifter: (Laughs evilly)
Dipper, Mabel, Wendy and Soos: (Gasp)
Shape Shifter: You think you're so clever don't you, Dipper? But you have no idea what you're up against. You will never find the author. If you keep digging, you'll meet a fate worse than you can imagine. And this will be the last form you ever take! (Turns into Dipper and screams while being frozen, while Dipper looks on in horror)
Soos: (Laughs. To Dipper:) Good luck sleeping tonight!
Cut to outside. The tree returns to it's default position: Soos: Dude, I think I'm kind of adventured out for a little while. My face hurts from doing this all day. (Makes a screaming face)
Mabel: (Laughs) Yeah, but you gotta admit we're all total heroes.
Soos: (Tousles Mabel's hair) Hey, who wants to get some heroes' breakfast, huh?
Mabel: (On Soos' shoulders) Syrup on cereal!
Soos: Mabel, you're a visionary!
Dipper: Look, Wendy, about earlier. In the heat of the moment, I might have said some dumb things, and can't we pretend none of that ever happened? Please?
Wendy: Dude, dude. It's okay. I always kinda knew.
Dipper: Wait, you did?
Wendy: (Chuckles) Yeah man, you think I can't hear that stuff you're constantly whispering under your breath?
Dipper: (Groans) Oh man! (Sits down on a log)
Wendy: Listen Dipper, I'm like, super flattered, but... I'm too old for you. I mean, you know that, right?
Dipper: (Groans) Mabel said confessing would make me feel better.
Wendy: Well, how do you feel?
Dipper: Anxious. Scared. Kinda itchy.
Wendy: Dude, don't be itchy man. Let me tell you something. This summer was super boring until you showed up. I have more fun with you than practically anybody else. And if you ever stopped being my friend, ... I would, like, throw myself into the Bottomless Pit!
Dipper: So things won't be too, awkward, now?
Wendy: I just wrestled myself, dude. That was awkward. If you can handle that monster, you can handle a little awkwardness.
Dipper: Friends?
Wendy: Yeah, dude! Friends! (Shoves him backwards off the log)
Both laugh, then Wendy pulls him back onto the log.
Wendy: Oh, and hey Dipper? See you for movie night tomorrow. Your place this time, okay? (Bikes away)
Mabel: (Pops out of bushes) Sooo? How did it go?
Dipper: (Surprised:) Wha—what did you hear?
Mabel: Everything! All the time!
Soos: (From in the bushes:) I'M NOT HERE!
Dipper: Mabel, how can everything be so amazing and so terrible all at the same time?
Mabel: I'm so sorry for being so pushy Dipper. If it's any consolation, I'm already working on your list of potential rebound crushes.
Dipper: Thanks Mabel. Whoa!
Soos: (Sits down at other end of log) I'm still bummed we're no closer to finding the author guy. At least I got his science-y coat and briefcase. (Holds up laptop, which flops open) Whoa! What the?
Dipper: Soos, that's not a briefcase, it's a laptop!
Mabel: And a really busted up one too.
Soos: I bet I could get this thing fixed up in a few days. It's gonna take a lotta duct tape.
Dipper: This could be our next clue!
Zooms in on the laptop. A label reads "Property of F" MO52584
Cut to end credits. Dipper and Wendy are watching a movie on TV.
Dipper: Is it just me or does Gravity Falls TV only have the worst movies?
TV Voice: You're watching the Gravity Falls Bargain Movie Showcase. Coming up next, The Widdlest Wampire, The Planet People of Planet Planet!, Help! My Mummy's a Werewolf!, Attack of the Exclamation Points!!!!!!!!, The Man with no Taste, Ghost Turtle, Help! My Mummy's a Werewolf! 2: This Again!
Dipper: You want to never watch this channel again?
Code: OOIY DMEV VN IBWRKAMU BRUWLL. (WHAT KIND OF DISASTER INDEED decoded from Vigenere. The key is SHIFTER)