The episode opens to Stan Pines out in the front yard with some tourists.
Stan Pines: For tonight's final illusion, we have the incredible "Sack of Mystery." When you put your money in, it mysteriously disappears!
The crowd mutters several positive things about the trick's credibility and Stan's character. Stan smiles at his gain and their loss.
Cuts to Dipper, Mabel, and Soos watching television.
TV Narrator: The tiger was badly injured in the explosion, but we repaired him with a fist.
Dipper, Mabel, and Soos start cheering and Dipper says that the tiger's a hero. On TV, the tiger punches itself.
TV Narrator: Tiger Fist! ...will return after these messages.
Soos Ramirez: Hey, look. It's that commercial I was telling you guys about.
Bud Gleeful: (Voice-over:) Are you completely miserable?
Actor: (While crying:) YES!
Bud: (Voice-over:) Then you need to meet (In a whisper:) Gideon.
Dipper Pines: Gideon?
Mabel Pines: What makes him so special?
Bud: (Voice-over:) He's a psychic.
Mabel: Aroo?
Bud: (Voice-over:) So don't waste your time with other so-called "man of mystery."
The screen shows a clip of Stan coming out of an outhouse and is stamped with the word "FRAUD."
Bud: (Voice-over:) Learn about tomorrow tonight at Gideon's Tent of Telepathy. (Speeding through subtext for commercial:) Voidwhereprohibited,noC.O.D.'saccepted.CarlaI'vealwayslovedyoubutneverhadthegutstosayit.
Mabel: Wow, I'm getting all curiousy inside!
Stan: (Walks in) Well, don't get too curiousy. Ever since that monster Gideon rolled into town, I've had nothin' but trouble.
Cut to Grunkle Stan driving in a parking lot. He spots an open parking spot and attempts to back in, but Gideon's tour bus pulls in first.
Stan: (Makes a fist) Gideon!
Cut back to present.
Mabel: Well, is he really psychic?
Dipper: I think we should go and find out.
Stan: Never! You're forbidden from patronizing the competition. No one that lives under my roof is allowed under that Gideon's roof!
Dipper: Do tents have roofs?
Mabel: I think we just found our loop hole... literally! (Holds up a string with a loop in it) Mwop mwop!
Cut back to TV.
Bud: (Voice-over:) So come down soon, folks. Gideon is expecting you.
Cut to theme song.
Cut to a crowd entering the Tent of Telepathy. Bud Gleeful stands at the entrance with a sack.
Bud: Step right up there, folks. Put your money in Gideon's psychic sack.
Crowd mutters several positive things about the sack's credibility.
Dipper: Whoa, this is like a bizarro version of the Mystery Shack. They even have their own Soos.
Dipper points to a maintenance worker who looks very similar to Soos, named Deuce. Soos glares at the lookalike while munching on an empanada.
Mabel: It's starting! It's starting!
Dipper: Let's see what this monster looks like.
Curtains open and Gideon appears on the stage.
Gideon Gleeful: Hello America! My name is Li'l Gideon.
Gideon claps and doves fly out of his hair. The crowd cheers.
Dipper: That's Stan's mortal enemy?
Mabel: But he's so wittle!
Gideon: Ladies and gentlemen, it is such a gift to have you here tonight! ...Such a gift. I have a vision. I predict that you will soon all say, "aww."
Gideon makes a cute pose and the crowd says "aww." Cut to Dipper and Mabel in the audience.
Mabel: (In awe:) It came true.
Dipper: What? I'm not impressed.
Mabel: You're impressed!
Cut back to Gideon on the stage.
Gideon: Hit it, Dad!
Bud Gleeful starts playing the piano and Gideon starts singing a song.
Gideon: (Singing:) Oh, I can see, what others can't see: It ain't some sideshow trick, it's innate ability: Where others are blind, I am futurely inclined: And you too could see, if you was widdle ol' me!
Come on, everybody, rise up! I want y'all to keep it going!
Crowd, including Soos and the twins, rises, seemingly unintentionally, and they start to clap along with the beat.
Dipper: Wha—? How did he—?
Gideon: Keep it going!
(Singing:) You wish your son would call you more: Momentarily cut to an old woman with a cat on her lap.
Unnamed cat lady: I'm leaving everything to my cats!
Cat: (Meows)
Gideon: (Singing:) I sense that you've been here before.
Momentarily cut to Sheriff Blubs, who is wearing a shirt with Gideon's face on it and holding various other Li'l Gideon merchandise.
Sheriff Blubs: Oh, what gave it away?
Cut to Dipper, Soos and Mabel.
Dipper: (Exasperated:) Come on.
Gideon: (Singing; to Mabel:) I'll read your mind if I'm able: Something tells me you're named Mabel: Gideon leaves, and Mabel faces the screen and moves the popcorn out of the way so that we can see her sweater, which reads "MABEL."
Mabel: How'd he do that?
Gideon: (Singing:) So welcome all ye... to the Tent of Telepathy: And thanks for visiting... widdle ol' me!
The song ends, Gideon is sweating and panting and the crowd cheers wildly.
Gideon: (Pants) Oh... oh my goodness. (Drinks some water; to the audience:) Thank you! You people are the real miracles!
Mabel: Woo! Yeah!
Dipper: (As they exit) Man, that kid's an even bigger fraud than Stan! No wonder our uncle's jealous.
Mabel: Oh, come on. His dance moves were adorable! And did you see his hair? It was like, whoosh!
Dipper: You're too easily impressed.
Mabel: Yeah, yeah!
Next day at the Mystery Shack. Mabel goes up to Dipper, her face is bedazzled with sequins.
Mabel: Check it out, Dipper! I successfully bezazzled my face! Blink! (She blinks as she says this and some of the sequins fly off her face) Ow.
Dipper: Is that permanent?
Mabel: I'm unappreciated in my time...
The doorbell rings.
Stan: Somebody answer that door!!
Mabel: I'll get it! (Goes to get the door. She opens it up but there thinks is no one there. Mabel then looks down and finds Gideon)
Gideon: Howdy.
Mabel: It's "wittle ol'" you!
Gideon: (Laughs nervously) Yeah, my song's quite catchy. Now, I know we haven't formally met, but after yesterday's performance, I just couldn't get your laugh out of my head.
Mabel: You mean this one? (Laughs obnoxiously)
Gideon: Oh, what a delight! Now, when I saw you in the audience, I said to myself, "Now there's a kindred spirit! Someone who appreciates the sparkly things in life."
Mabel: That's totally me! (Laughs and coughs up some sequins that land on Gideon's suit, bedazzling it)
Gideon: (In a whisper:) Enchanting. Utterly enchanting.
Stan: (Offscreen) Who's at the door?
Mabel: No one, Grunkle Stan!
Gideon: I appreciate your discretion. Now, Stan's no fan of mine. I don't know how a lemon so sour could be related to a peach so sweet.
Mabel: Gideon! Aha ha!
Gideon: What do you say we step away from here, and chat a bit more. Perhaps in my dressing room?
Mabel: Oh! Makeovers. Yahoo! (Pokes Gideon's stomach)
Gideon: (Laughs) Ow.
Cut to inside Gideon's house. Gideon opens the door to his dressing room. Mabel stares in amazement.
Gideon: Ya see something you like? 'Cause I do.
Mabel: (Laughs; cluelessly:) What?
Mabel returns to the Mystery Shack with her makeover.
Mabel: Hey Dipper. What's goin' oooon? (Dangles manicured fingernails over Dipper's head)
Dipper: Whoa, where have you been? And what's going on with those fingernails, you look like a wolverine.
Mabel: I know, right? (Roars, pretends to scratch something) I was hanging out with my new pal, Gideon. He is one dapper little man.
Dipper: Mabel, I don't trust anyone whose hair is bigger than their head.
Mabel: Oh, leave him alone! You never want to do girly stuff with me; you and Soos get to do boy stuff all the time!
Dipper: What do you mean?
Soos: (Enters) Hey dude, you ready to blow up these hot dogs in the microwave one by one?
Dipper: (Excitedly:) Am I! (They both run off while Mabel stands there)
Dipper and Soos: (Offscreen, as popping sounds are made, they are heard laughing) (Chanting:) One-at-a-time! One-at-a-time!
Cut to Mabel and Gideon on the roof of a warehouse.
Mabel: Whoa, the view from your family's factory is nuts! Good thing we both brought our—
Mabel and Gideon: —Opera glasses! (Point their opera glasses at each other and laugh)
Gideon: Mabel, when I'm up here lookin' down on all those little ol' people, I feel like I'm king of all I survey. I guess that makes you my queen!
Mabel: What? You are being so nice to me right now, quit it! (smacks him in the stomach)
Gideon: I can't quit it. I am speaking from the heart.
Mabel: From the where-now?
Gideon: Mabel, I've never felt this close with anyone. So, so close. (Strokes Mabel's hair and giggles)
Mabel: (Pushes his hand away) Look Gideon, I um...
Gideon: (Reaches to pet Mabel's hair again and giggles)
Mabel: (Pushes his hand away) I like you a lot, but let's just be friends.
Gideon: At least just give me a chance. Mabel, will you do me the honor of going on a date with me?
Mabel: A play date?
Gideon: (Shakes head) Mmnn.
Mabel: A shopping date?
Gideon: Mmnn. It'll just be one li'l ol' date, I swear on my lucky bolo tie.
Mabel: Ummm. Okay, then... I guess...
Gideon: Mabel Pines, you have made me the happiest boy in the world! (Hugs Mabel)
Mabel: Are you sniffing my hair?
Cut to commercial break.
Back at Mystery Shack, Mabel and Dipper are playing a video game.
Mabel: It's not a date-date, it's just, you know, I didn't want to hurt his feelings and so I figured I'd throw him a bone.
Dipper: Mabel, guys don't work that way. He's gonna fall in love with you.
Mabel: (Scoffs) Yeah right. I'm not that lovable. (Shoots Dipper in the game) Kaboom! Yes!
Dipper: Okay, we agree on something here.
Doorbell rings, Mabel goes to answer door. A horse busts through.
Mabel: (Screams)
Gideon: (Riding horse) A night of enchantment awaits, m'lady!
Mabel: Oh boy.
Cut to an aquatic themed restaurant, and then to the interior. Mabel and Gideon are sitting together at a booth.
Mabel: I can't believe they let us bring a horse in here!
Gideon: Well, people have a hard time saying no to me. (Puts feet up on table)
Jean-Luc: Ah, Monsieur Gideon! Ze feet on ze table! An excellent choice!
Gideon: Jean Luc, what did we discuss about eye contact?
Waiter: (Looking away) Yes, yes, very good! (Backs away)
Mabel: I've never seen so many forks! And water with bubbles in it? Ooh lala, oui, oui!
Gideon: Oh! Parlez vous francais?!
Mabel: ...I have no idea what you're saying.
Cut to the Mystery Shack gift shop, where Stan is looking at a newspaper article showing a picture of Gideon and Mabel together.
Stan: Hey, hey! What the jackal is Mabel doing in the paper next to that crazy pickpocket Gideon?
Wendy Corduroy: Oh, yeah, it's like a big deal. Everybody's talking about Gideon and Mabel's big date tonight.
Stan: WHAT?! That little shyster is dating my great niece!?
Soos: I wonder what the new name will be for the power couple. Mabideon? Gideabel? (Gasps) Magidbeleon!
Stan: (Exits)
Dipper: I didn't know! I didn't hear about it and plus, I told her not to.
Stan: (Re-enters, wearing his suit) Yeah, well it ends tonight. I'm going right down to that little skunk's house; this is gonna stop RIGHT now! (Slams door)
Soos: Dude, wouldn't it be funny if that was a closet, and he had to come back out again and go out the real door? (Opens the door) Nope. Real door.
Stan's car skids to a halt in front of Gideon's house. He drives his car up to Gideon's house and skids to a halt in front.
Stan: (He knocks the door) Gideon, you little punk! Open up! (He reads sign on the door that says "Please Pardon This Garden") I will pardon NOTHING!
Bud: (Opens the door) Why, Stanford Pines! What a delight!
Stan: Out of the way Bud, I'm looking for Gideon!
Bud: Well, I haven't seen the boy around, but since you're here, you simply must come in for coffee! (Pulls Stan inside)
Stan: But-but I came-
Bud: It's imported! All the way from Colombia!
Stan: Wow... I went to jail there once. (Whistles) Some digs you got here. (Sees clown painting) Oh, this. This is beautiful.
Bud: Now, I hear that your niece and my Gideon are, well, they're singin' in harmony lately so to speak!
Stan: Uh, yeah, and I'm against it. Nyah. (Knocks a pillow off the couch)
Bud: No no no. I see it as a fantastic business opportunity. Yes, the Mystery Shack and the Tent of Telepathy. We've been at each other's throats for far too- lemme get that. (Rips down a picture of Stan on a dart board) We've been at each other's throats for far too long, yes we have. This is our big chance to set aside our rivalry and pool our collective profit, you see.
Stan: (Clicks a cash register) I'm listening.
Cut back to Gideon and Mabel in The Club.
Gideon: ...And so I said "Autograph your own head shot lady." (Laughs)
Mabel: (Nervously laughs) Yeah... (The lobster on her plate pinches her fork)
Gideon: Mabel, tonight's date was a complete success. And tomorrow's date promises to top this one in every way!
Mabel: Whoa whoa, you said just one date, and this was it.
Gideon: Hark! What a surprise! A red crested South American rainbow macaw!
Macaw: (Flies in and lands on Gideon)
Mabel: (Screams and grabs the lobster)
Gideon: ...two three four...
Macaw: MABEL! WILL YOU- ACCOMPANY- GIDEON- TO- THE BALLROOM DANCE- THIS- THURBDAY.
Gideon: (Shakes it violently)
Macaw: THURSDAY! (Coughs up a letter and flies away)
Woman: Oh, so adorable.
Chef: Gideon's got a girlfriend.
Gideon: They're expectin' us. Please say you'll go.
Mabel: Oh, Gideon, I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to say-
Blubs: I'm on the edge of my seat.
Tyler Cutebiker: This is gonna be adorable.
Old Woman: If she say's no, I'll die from sadness.
Doctor: I can verify that that will indeed happen.
People chattering.
Cut back to the Shack. Mabel walks by Dipper as he's reading his book.
Dipper: Hey. How'd it go?
Mabel: I don't know... (Puts lobster in tank) I have a lobster now.
Dipper: Well, at least it's over and you'll never have to go out with him again. (Pause) Mabel? It's over, right? Mabel?
Mabel: BLAARRGG! (Flails arms) He asked me out again and I didn't know how to say no.
Dipper: Like this: no.
Mabel: It's not that easy, Dipper! And I do like Gideon, as a friend slash little sister, so I didn't want to hurt his feelings! I just need to get things back to where they used to be. You know, friends.
Out at night in the middle of the lake. Old Man McGucket is rowing a boat with Gideon and Mabel in it.
McGucket: Boat in the night! Boat in the night! (Laughs)
Mabel: Hah, you know I thought dancing was gonna be the end of the evening, right?
Gideon: (Leans in) Don't you want this evenin' to last, my sweet?
Mabel: (Recoils) NO! I mean yes. I mean I'm always happy to hang out with a friend, buddy, pal, chum, other word for friend...
McGucket: Pal?
Mabel: I already said pal, uh, mate?
Gideon: How about soul mate?
Fireworks appear that show the name "Mabel" within a heart.
McGucket: Well, you can't say no to that.
Cut back to the Shack, where Mabel is pacing.
Mabel: ..I mean, he's so nice, but.. I can't keep doing this. But I can't break his heart. (Shouts) I have no way out!
Dipper: (Enters) What in the heck happened on that date?
Mabel: I don't know! I was in the friend zone, and then before I knew what was happening, he pulled me into the romance zone. It was like quick sand! Chubby quicksand!
Dipper: Mabel, come on. It's not like you're gonna have to marry Gideon.
Stan: (Enters) Great news, Mabel. You have to marry Gideon!
Mabel: WHAT?!
Stan: It's all part of my long term deal with Buddy Gleeful. There's a lot of cash tied up in this thing. Plus I got this shirt. (Gestures to his "Team Gideon" shirt) Ugh, I am fat.
Mabel: (Screams and runs out of the room)
Stan: (Calling after her:) Bodies change, honey! Bodies change...
Dipper: (Walks into the attic and seeing Mabel hiding in her sweater) Oh no. Mabel...
Mabel: Mabel's not here. She's in sweater town.
Dipper: Are you gonna come out of sweater town?
Mabel: (Whines and shakes head)
Dipper: Alright, enough is enough. If you can't break up with Gideon, I'll do it for you.
Mabel: (Peeks out of her sweater) You will?
Dipper: (Nods)
Mabel: (Playfully punches and hugs Dipper) Oh, thank you thank you thank you!
Dipper: Alright.
Cut to The Club, where Gideon is sitting in a booth awaiting Mabel. Dipper enters, approaches Gideon and clears his throat.
Gideon: Oh. Dipper Pines, how are you? You look good, you look good.
Dipper: Thanks, you uh... Look, Gideon. We've got to talk. Mabel isn't joining you tonight, she uh, she doesn't want to see you anymore. (Laughs nervously) She's uh. She's kinda weirded out by you, no offense.
Gideon: (Eye twitches) So what you're sayin' is... you've...come between us. (Eye twitches again)
Dipper: You're not gonna like, freak out or anything, are ya?
Gideon: Of course not. These things happen. Bygones, you know.
Dipper: So. Okay. Cool. Then again, sorry man, but uh, hey, thumbs up. Huh? (Backs away)
Gideon: (In a whisper:) Thumbs up indeed, my friend.
Cut to the exterior of the restaurant, where Mabel is waiting for Dipper, who then exits the restaurant.
Mabel: How'd it go? Was he mad? Did he try to read your mind with his psychic powers?
Dipper: Don't worry, Mabel, he's just a kid. He doesn't have any powers.
Cut to Gideon's bedroom later on.
Gideon: (Breathing heavily) Dipper Pines, you don't know what you've done! (Grabs his amulet and a candle starts to levitate and the light bulbs on his boudoir explode. Other things in the room begin to levitate) You've just made the biggest mistake of your life! (Throws the levitated objects on the ground)
Bud: (Opening the door) Gideon Charles Gleeful, clean up your room this instant!
Gideon: I CAN BUY AND SELL YOU, OLD MAN!
Bud: ...Fair enough. (Closes door)
Gideon looks at a picture of Dipper and Mabel and burns away Dipper's side of the picture.
Cut to Soos and the twins outside. Soos tucks a pillow under his shirt.
Soos: Hit me, dude!
The twins charge at Soos' stomach and bounce off, laughing.
Soos: Feels good.
Mabel: I'm so glad everything's back to normal!
Telephone rings.
Mabel: Your turn.
Dipper: (Finishing the sentence about a second after Mabel:) Your turn. Aw, man... (Answers phone) Hello?
Toby Determined: (Over the phone:) Toby Determined, Gravity Falls Gossiper.
Dipper: Oh hey man. Sorry for accusing you of murder last week.
Toby: Water under the bridge! Say, we want to interview you about whether you've seen anything unUSUAL about this here TOWN since you've arrived.
Dipper: Oh, finally! I thought nobody would ever ask! I have notes and theories! (Listening) Uh huh, uh huh. (Writing as Toby tells him the address) 412 Gopher Road. Tonight? Got it.
Cut to Toby Determined's residence. Toby hangs up the phone.
Toby: There. I did your dirty work. Now it's time you pay YOUR end of the bargain!
Gideon: (Throws Toby a slip of paper)
Toby: Ha! Shandra Jimenez's phone number! Bless you, Li'l Gideon!
Cut to 412 Gopher Road. Dipper opens the warehouse door.
Dipper: (Voice echoing:) Hello?
Dipper turns to leave, only for the door to slam shut. He bangs on the door and turns around when lights start turning on. Gideon swerves around in a swivel chair, petting a doll of himself.
Gideon: Hello friend.
Dipper: Ughh, Gideon.
Gideon: Dipper Pines. How long have been livin' in this town? A week, two? You like it here? Enjoy the scenery?
Dipper: What do you want from me, man?
Gideon: Listen carefully, boy. This town has secrets you couldn't begin to comprehend!
Dipper: Is this about Mabel? I told you, she's not into you!
Gideon: LIAR! YOU turned her against me! (Grabs amulet and walks toward Dipper) She was my peach dumplin'!
Dipper: Uh, you okay, man?
Gideon: (Levitates Dipper and throws him into a pile of merchandise)
Toy Gideon: Howdy!
Gideon: Readin' minds isn't all I can do.
Dipper: But-but you're a fake.
Gideon: Oh tell me, Dipper: is this fake? (Levitates all the merchandise)
Mabel outside of the Mystery Shack, thinking and chewing on her hair.
Wendy: (Walks outside and sits next to Mabel) How's that hair tastin', buddy?
Mabel: Wendy, I need some advice. You've broken up with guys, right?
Wendy: Oh yeah: Russ Durham, Eli Hall, Stoney Davidson...
Mabel: I don't know what's wrong with me. I thought everything was back to normal, but I still feel all gross.
Wendy: ...Mike Worley, Nate Holt, oh, that guy with the tattoos...
Mabel: Maybe letting Dipper do it for me was a mistake. Gideon deserves an honest break up.
Wendy: ...Danny Feldman, Mark Epston... Oh man, I'm not sure I ever actually broke up with him. No wonder he keeps calling me.
Mabel: I know what I've gotta do. Thanks for talking to me, Wendy. (Runs to get a bike and rides off on it)
Wendy: (Takes out her ringing cell phone) Ignore.
Dipper is running away from the merchandise being thrown at him. Gideon laughs evilly and moves a cabinet to smash Dipper. Dipper jumps out of the way and hits his head on the wall.
Dipper: Grunkle Stan was right about you, you ARE a monster!
Gideon: Your sister will be mine! (Laughs evilly and pulls the sting of one of his dolls, making it laugh evilly)
Dipper: (Grabs a baseball bat and gets up)
Gideon: (To the doll:) Who's a cute little guy? You are!
Toy Gideon: No you are!
Dipper shouts and charges at Gideon with the bat. Gideon levitates Dipper and he drops the bat.
Dipper: She's never gonna date you, man!
Gideon: That's a lie. (Looks at a box of lamb shears) And I'm gonna make sure you never lie to me again, friend. (Levitates the lamb shears)
Mabel: (Runs to the window from outside and sees Dipper and Gideon. Opens door) Gideon! We have to talk!
Gideon: M-Mabel. My marshmalla. (Drops the shears) What are you doin' here?
Mabel: I'm sorry Gideon, but I can't be your marshmallow. I needed to be honest and tell you that myself.
Gideon: I-I don't understand. (Squeezes the amulet, therefore squeezing Dipper in midair)
Dipper: (While choking:) Uh, Mabel!? This probably isn't the best time to be brutally honest with him!
Mabel: Hey, but we can still be makeover buddies, right? Wouldn't you like that?
Gideon: Really?
Mabel: No, not really! (Pulls off Gideon's amulet and Dipper falls) You were like, attacking my brother, what the heck?!
Gideon: My tie! Give it back! (Mabel throws the amulet to Dipper)
Dipper: Ha! (Catches it) Not so powerful without this, are you?
Gideon: Screams and charges at Dipper, making him drop the amulet and breaking through the window.
Mabel: Dipper!
Dipper and Gideon scream. Gideon slaps Dipper and the two start slapping each other and then start screaming again. Mabel, who is holding the mystic amulet, levitates the two of them and then floats down.
Mabel: Listen Gideon, it's over. I will never, ever, date you.
Dipper: Yeah!
Mabel: (Drops them and throws the amulet to the ground, breaking it)
Gideon: MY POWERS! Oh this isn't over. This isn't the last you'll see of wittle... ol' me! (Walks into the dark forest)
Cut to the Gleeful residence.
Stan: (Finishes signing papers) Ah, this is livin', brother. (Knocks on the clown painting)
Bud: From now on it's all name brand foods and clown paintings. (Gideon storms in; to Gideon:) Well, hey, Gideon! Why, look who I—
Gideon: (Stands on the coffee table) Stanford Pines, I rebuke thee! I rebuke thee!
Stan: Rebuke? Is that a word?
Gideon: The entire Pines' family have invoked my fury! You will all pay recompense for your transgressions!
Stan: What, you got like a word-a-day calendar or something?
Bud: Apbap bap but-but sunshine? (Laughs nervously) What about our arrangement with Mabel and—
Gideon: SILENCE!
Bud: Well, uh, I see that he's takin' to one of his rages again. Eh, sorry Stan, I have to side with Gideon on this one. (Rips up the contract)
Stan: Okay, okay. I can see when I'm not wanted. (Grabs the clown painting and starts to leave)
Bud: Stan, I'm-I'm sorry but I'm gonna need that painting back! Stan? STAN!
Stan: (Running away) TRY AND CATCH ME, SUCKERS!
Cut back to the Mystery Shack, where Stan is hanging up the clown painting and the twins are a mess.
Stan: I coulda had it all. (Looks at the twins) What the heck happened to you two?
Mabel: Gideon.
Dipper: Gideon.
Stan: Gideon. Yeah, the little mutant "swore vengeance" on the whole family. Ha, I guess he's gonna try to nibble my ankles or somethin'.
Dipper: Oh, yeah. Yeah, how's he gonna destroy us now, huh? Try to guess what number we're thinking of? (Laughs)
Mabel: He'll never guess what number I'm thinking of. NEGATIVE EIGHT! No one would guess a negative number.
All: (Laughing)
Stan: Uh oh. He's plannin' on destruction right now! (Laughs and lays on top of the twins)
In Gideon's room. He's making dolls of the Pines family: Gideon: (Playing with the Mabel doll:) Gideon, I still love you. If only my family weren't in the way. (Picks up the Stan doll and imitates Stan:) Look at me. I'm old, and I'm smelly. (Finishes the Dipper doll; mocking Dipper:) Hey, what are you gonna do without your precious amulet? (Regular voice:) Oh you'll see boy... (Closes Journal 2) You'll see...
Cut to end credits with Dipper, Mabel and Soos. Soos is facing away from the screen and Mabel is doing something to him.
Soos: You done?
Mabel: Not yet.
Soos: How about now?
Mabel: Almost. And...there.
Soos: (Turns around, covered in sequins) Let's do this.
Mabel turns the light off and Dipper shines a flashlight on Soos, causing the room to light up like a disco ball. Stan is there, having seen this all unfold.
Stan: You're all fired.
End of episode.