Narrator: Great leaders inspire greatness in others. A galaxy, divided by war. Peaceful worlds must choose sides or face the threat of invasion. Republican Seperatist armies vie for the allegiance of neutral planets Desparate to build a Republic supply base in the system of Toydaria, Jedi Master Yoda travels to secret negotiations on a remote neutral moon.
Alien: We are getting no signal from the republic your heighness.
King Katuunko: I don't see anything. It is not like the Jedi to be late.
Asajj Ventress: Greetings, King Katuunko.
King Katuunko: Who are you?
Asajj Ventress: I am only a messenger majesty. My master wishes to speak with you.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Katuunko, Great king of Toydaria, forgive my intrusion.
King Katuunko: Count Dooku.
Count Dooku (Hologram): I am aware Master Yoda hopes you will allow the Jedi to build a Republic base in your system. in exchange for protection, correct?
King Katuunko: Your spies serve you well, Count.
Count Dooku (Hologram): I ask, How can the Jedi protect you, if they cannot protect themselves?
Republican Envoy: Toydarian Royal Delegation, this is the Republican envoy, please respond. General, the Toydarians beacon is active on the moon, but all our transmissions are being jammed.
Battle Droid: We caught them by surprise alright!
Republican Envoy: We're losing our shields.
Yoda: Too late it is, sprung is the trap.
Republican Envoy: I must get you to safety General.
Yoda: Retreat you must, on the moon below, is my mission. There, I must go.
King Katuunko: I suppose you and your droid armies can do better?
Count Dooku (Hologram): Without a doubt. I sense you are one who respects strength, your heighness. Our droid armies outnumber the Republic clones 100 to 1.
King Katuunko: Perhaps, But I have heard, That a single Jedi equals 100 battle droids.
Yoda: Quickly now, Reach the planets surface we must.
Republican Envoy: In an escape pod sir? The enemy will fire at anything we launch.
Yoda: Then launch all of them, you will.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Master Yoda's powers have been greatly exaggerated.
King Katuunko: That remains to be seen Count.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Indeed But when you decide to join us, my apprentice will contact me.
Battle Droid Commander: Hang on, almost What a terrible shot.
Battle Droid: Ah well, It's my programming.
Rys: That was a close one.
Lieutenant Thire: General, I think we're out of range.
Yoda: I agree, But, entering another trap we are.
Rys: Are you sure?
Yoda: A disturbance in the force, there is.
Asajj Ventress: My Lord, Master Yoda's warship has fled the system. What further evidence do you require of the Jedi's weakness?
King Katuunko: This is King Katuunko. Speak.
Lieutenant Thire: Master Yoda would like to talk with you sir.
Yoda: A pleasure it is, to hear your voice, your heighness. Master Yoda, of the Jedi Council this is.
King Katuunko: Master Jedi, I though perhaps Count Dooku had, frightened you off.
Yoda (Hologram): Delayed have I been, but not too far away am I now. Unaware I was, Count Dooku was invited to our meeting.
King Katuunko: The Count invited himself. He assures me that in this time of war, his droids can offer me greater security than your Jedi.
Yoda (Hologram): Hmmm, a matter of debate that is.
Asajj Ventress: Your Majesty might prefer more than words.
King Katunnko: What do you have in mind?
Asajj Ventress: If Yoda is indeed the Jedi warrior you believe he is, let him prove it. Allow me to send my best troops to capture him. If he escapes, join the Republic. But should my droids defeat Yoda, consider an alliance with the Seperatists.
King Katunnko: I did not request Yoda's presence here to test him in battle.
Yoda (Hologram): Accept the challenge I do, your heighness. Arrive by nightfall, I will. (Calls off)
King Katunnko: Master Yoda must be given a fair fight.
Asajj Ventress: My dear King Katuunko, I would have it no other way.
Yoda: Beautiful this moon is. Amazing the universe is.
Rys: There's gotta be a full battalion in there. Probably packin' armor too.
Jek: We'll have somethin' for 'em.
Asajj Ventress: I'm deploying my forces, master.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Yoda has made a grave mistake, straying this far from Coruscant.
Asajj Ventress: I will see the Jedi gets his "fair" fight.
Yoda: Carry only what you need, slow you down it will. Destroy Ventress, your weapons will not. Come lieutenant. Hurry we must.
Lieutenant Thire: Sir, the rendezvous point is that way.
Yoda: As is our enemy. To reach our goal, a straight path we will not follow.
Lieutenant Thire: Let's move it boys.
Asajj Ventress: Find Master Yoda.
Battle Droid: Ahh, what does he look like?
Asajj Ventress: He'll be the small shriveled green one, with the light saber.
Battle Droid: Small huh? Don't worry Supreme Leader, we'll take care of him.
Battle Droid Commander: I think I see them. They're hiding deep in the trees. Fire on Sector 11.
Yoda: At ease be, my friends, within range we are not.
Battle Droid Commander: Hold it, Hold it. I said hold it! That's far enough! I mean it! Stop I said Stop! We're too big to fit in there.
Battle Droid Commander #2: No we're not, watch this. You were right.
Battle Droid Commander: Next time listen to orders.
Lieutenant Thire: Those tanks are too big to follow.
Yoda: See, see? Size is not everything. Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind.
Jek: Do you have any idea what the General was talkin' about?
Rys: How should I know? There's no figurin' a Jedi Master.
Battle Droid Commander: Infantry, advance. Go get 'em boys.
Lieutenant Thire: Sir, there are two patrols coming in on foot.
Yoda: Now is the time to face the enemy lieutenant. Ambush them we will.
Lieutenant Thire: We'll flank them from the South.
Jek: Right, let's move.
Battle Droid: What was that? Blast him! Look, little green life form. You bucket head, that's the Jedi! He is a little one. Blast him! Split up by squad and spread out. Roger roger, roger roger.
Jek: Okay clankers, SUCK LASER! Where's the General?
Lieutenant Thire: I don't know, we got separated. Clankers! Fall back, there too many of them.
Battle Droid: He's around here somewhere. Hey, get off of me! Don't move. (Hologram) The Jedi destroyed our advance troops.
King Katuunko: Master Yoda is living up to my expectations.
Asajj Ventress: Commander, have you pinpointed the Jedi's location?
Battle Droid Commander (Hologram): Affirmative. The clones gave away their position. Our heavy troops are moving to engage them now.
Jek: I hope the General reaches the rendezvous point.
Rys: This should buy him time. Lieutenant, can you walk?
Lieutenant Thire: I think I'm okay.
Super Battle Droid: Die Republic dog!
Lieutenant Thire: What are we gonna do sir?
Jek: What's the General doing?
Rys: Keep blasting!
Super Battle Droid: Hey, what's going on? Get out of the way, all of you! I'm having a serious malfunction! Don't shoot! I'm on your side!
Lieutenant Thire: You found us just in time sir.
Yoda: Left behind, no one will be.
Lieutenant Thire: Rollers, inbound.
Yoda: Retreat! Cover you, I will.
Battle Droid (Hologram): Republic troops are injured, the Jedi is in full retreat Supreme Leader.
Asajj Ventress: Good. Pursue them without delay.
King Katuunko: The contest is not over yet. Master Yoda, I hear you're having trouble with the droid army?
Yoda (Hologram): Trouble? I know nothing of this trouble. Look forward to our meeting soon I do.
Asajj Ventress: Look forward to our meeting soon I do. The Jedi won't allude me for long.
Lieutenant Thire: Are you sure we should go in there General?
Yoda: There's no way out. Now rest, we must.
Rys: We're low on ammo sir. Only 2 grenades, and 1 rocket for the launcher.
Jek: Against a battalion? Forget it, we've lost.
Yoda: So certain of defeat, are you?
Lieutenant Thire: With respect General, maybe you should go on. Let us slow 'em down.
Yoda: All around us, is that with which we need to prevail is. Come, sit. Your helmets, remove them. Your faces I wish to see.
Lieutenant Thire: There's not much to look at here sir. We all share the same face.
Yoda: Deceive you, eyes can. In the force, very different each one of you are. Rys, always focuse on the enemy, are you. For inspiration, look to yourself, and those beside you. Jek, concerned about weapons you are. Weapons do not win battles. Your mind, powerful it is. Out think the droids, you can. Thire, rush not into fights, Long is the war, Only by surviving it, will you prevail. Yes. Clones you may be, but the force resides in all life forms. Use it you can, to quiet your mind.
Rys: Tanks. Is that the best they can throw at us?
Jek: Yeah, but I've only got one shot left.
Yoda: Greet them I will.
Lieutenant Thire: General, you don't plan to take that whole column by yourself?
Yoda: Have you three I do. Outnumbered are they. Know the time to help me, you will.
Battle Droid Commander: It's the Jedi! Block his escape! Prepare to fire! (Hologram) Supreme Leader, we found the Jedi.
Asajj Ventress: Excellent. Where is he?
Battle Droid Commander (Hologram): He's just sitting here, in front of our tanks.
Asajj Ventress: Shoot him, shoot him now!
Battle Droid Commander: Quickly! Ready, Aim, Fire! Fire! He's gone under the tank! Oh no! Run for it! But, I, just, got promoted.
Jek: Doesn't look like the General needs help to me.
Battle Droid Commander #2: We've got him in our sights.
King Katuunko: That's a lot of smoke, for a surrender.
Asajj Ventress: Report. What's going on over there? Where is 224?
Battle Droid (Hologram): Supreme Leader. The Jedi has overrun our position and--
King Katuunko: I think perhaps all those stories about the Jedi are true.
Asajj Ventress: The fight isn't over yet, Majesty.
Lieutenant Thire: The General's cutting 'em up. We've got trouble. Clankers sent reenforcements. General's too busy with that tank, he won't see 'em coming. I think I know how to deal with them.
Jek: Yeah! Great shot sir!
Lieutenant Thire: That's givin' it to the clankers.
Yoda: Learned something today, have you lieutenant?
Lieutenant Thire: I think we all did General.
Yoda: Come, behind schedule are we. Not polite to be late.
King Katuunko: You were right, Dooku. One Jedi is not worth 100 battle droids. More like, 1,000. I'm sorry, but I will be joining the Republic.
Count Dooku: I urge you to reconsider wise king. I promise you won't regret it.
King Katuunko: Your agent also promised me Yoda would get a fair fight. I will not deal with those who break their words.
Count Dooku (Hologram): So be it. Perhaps our negotiations will be more fruitful with your successor. Ventress, kill him!
King Katuunko: Jedi Master Yoda. I am very pleased to meet you, at last.
Yoda: Share the feeling, I do, King Katoonku. Failed you, Ventress has. Count.
Asajj Ventress: I don't fear you Jedi.
Yoda: Strong you are with the dark side young one. but not that strong. Still much to learn you have. Surrendur, you should. In the end, cowards are those who follow the dark side.
Count Dooku (Hologram): It's a pity I wasn't there in person, my old master.
Yoda: A pity, indeed, my fallen apprentice. Perhaps now, begin negotiations we can.
King Katuunko: That is not necessary, my friend. You have my faith. Toydaria would be honored to host a Republic base. My people, are at your service.
Yoda: Your Majesty, fail you, we will not.
[End of Ambush]