Narrator: Fear is a disease, hope is its only cure. Battle droids on Naboo! As the Separatist rebellion rages through the galaxy, even peaceful planets are threatened. Following the discovery of Separatist droids wandering the grassy wasteland, Naboo is once again on high alert. Fearing their home is facing another invasion, Senator Amidala and Representative Binks race to Naboo to access the situation. Meanwhile, near the Gungan swamplands, an even graver threat is about to be discovered.

THEED HANGAR
Padmé Amidala: We came as soon as we could, my Lady. Have you found any more droids?
Neeyutnee: Only the three. But you can be sure they aren’t tourists. I need you to convince the Senate or the Jedi Council or whoever is in charge of this terrible war that we are threatened.
Padmé: They’ll need more proof. Finding a couple of battle droids will not be enough.
Random Person (Comlink): Captain Typho, the battle droid is ready for analysis.
They move to the place where the battle droid is located.
Padmé: Have you been able to retrieve any information?
Neeyutnee: Unfortunately, the Naboo security who discovered them prefer to shoot first and retrieve data later.
Padmé: If they were found in the grasslands, where’d they pick up all this mud?
Captain Typho: Add that to our very long list of questions.
A slug beetle comes out of the battle droid.
Jar Jar Binks: Yummy-yummy.
A medical droid starts opening the tactical droid’s memory.
Padmé: I’m getting a bad feeling about this.
C-3PO: With your permission, Senator Padmé, I would like to shut down before I get sensory overload.
Padmé: Permission denied.
3PO: Denied?
Padmé: 3PO, you may be able to get some information out of him.
Tactical Droid: Cannot see. Where am I?
3PO: You are in very good hands on board a Separatist ship. Count Dooku himself intends to reward you for your bravery.
Droid: Bravery?
3PO: For your assignment on Naboo. Do try to activate what’s left of your memory. We all want to hear your tale of medical heroics.
Droid: Virus.
3PO: Yes, the virus. You do remember. Please continue.
Droid: A small amount leaked out. Must contain. Naboo cannot know. Lab must remain secret.
3PO: A secret lab on Naboo? Where? You must…
Droid: It is a secret. This is no Separatist ship.
Typho: Unless you want to become a box of spare parts, you’ll tell us where that lab is.
Droid: The lab is secret.
Padmé: Look out!
Some shelves fall on them because of Jar Jar’s hunger.
Typho: We’ll never get any information out of him now.
Jar Jar: Meesa sorry. It was an accident.
Padmé: Is this what you’re after?
Padmé shows the slug beetle.
Jar Jar: Meesa love him. He’s a very, very good tongue grabbing. Yousa finden in one placen.
Padmé: Where?
Jar Jar: In the mud under the perlote tree.
Padmé: Like the mud on this droid. The eastern swamps. I think Jar Jar just found out the location of that lab.

THEED PALACE
Typho: They’re planning an attack on Naboo. It’s the only explanation.
Yoda (Hologram): Delicate, the situation is. Two Jedi, we will send.
Padmé: May I recommend General Kenobi and General Skywalker? Relations with the Gungans are a little tense right now, but they trust General Kenobi like one of their own.
Yoda (H): Send them, we will.
They end the hologram.
Padmé: I want as much information as possible before the Jedi arrive. See if you and 3PO can download any of the other battle droids’ memory. I’m going to find that lab.
Typho: Are you sure that’s wise?
Padmé: Come on, Jar Jar.

GRASSLANDS
Gungan Farmer Peppi Bow is taking her Shaaks to drink the water of the river when a few of her Shaaks die suddenly. She realises it is poisoned.
Peppi Bow: Back! That water gone poodoo. This is muy bad.
Padmé and Jar Jar arrive on the scene
Jar Jar: This is bombad. Whatsa happen to them?
Padmé: It’s the plague. We’re definitely getting close.
Peppi in fear attacks them.
Peppi: Whosa are you?
Jar Jar: What you doing?
Peppi: Why yousa here?
She takes off the helmet of Jar Jar’s hazmat suit.
Jar Jar: Whatsa yousa thinkin’?
Padmé points a blaster at her.
Padmé: Don’t move. I don’t want to hurt you. Jar Jar, put your helmet back on.
Peppi: Yousa okeyday. It’s not in the air, it’s in the water.
Padmé takes off her helmet.
Padmé: Who are you?
Peppi: Meesa Peppi Bow.
Padmé: We think the virus that made your animals sick came from the perlote trees.
Peppi: Yousa follow this river, yousa finda yousa perlote. Meesa take you.
Padmé: No, Peppi, you stay here. You’ll be going home soon, I promise. I’ll send some soldiers to pick you up and take you back to Theed.

EASTERN SWAMPS
Padmé: Keep your eyes open. Look for anything out of the ordinary.

TRADE FEDERATION LABORATORY
Nuvo Vindi sees Padmé and Jar Jar.
Nuvo Vindi: I suppose one can never have too many lab rats. Please, escort our guests inside.
Random Droid: Roger, roger.

EASTERN SWAMPS
Jar Jar falls on some metal.
Jar Jar: A hatch.
Padmé: Captain Typho, I think we’re standing right on top of the lab. I need a geo scan of coordinates SP127. No way we’re going to open this. We’ll just have to…
A Random Droid comes out.
Random Droid: Freeze! Hold it right there.
They are taken to the lab.
TRADE FEDERATION LABORATORY
Jar Jar: Yousa let us go!
Padmé: Who are you? Why are you holding us?
Nuvo: Wonderful specimens. What’s a life-form like you doing in a swamp like this?
Padmé: I was about to ask you the same thing.
Nuvo: Thanks to the support of my compassionate friends in the Separatist Alliance, I am creating life.
Jar Jar: Howsa yousa creating life?
Nuvo: I’m so pleased you inquired. A demonstration is in order. Allow me to present the return of the infamous Blue Shadow virus.
Padmé: The Blue Shadow virus? I thought that deadly disease was extinct.
Nuvo: Yes, it was wiped from the galaxy generations ago, but I have given it life once again.
Jar Jar: Yousa not creating life. Yousa taking life. Yousa poisoned the Gungan water.
Nuvo: Unfortunately, the Blue Shadow virus, in its natural form, thrives only in water until I improved upon that weakness. Your eyes do not deceive you. I have perfected an airborne strain of the Blue Shadow virus.
Random Droid: This is the last of the bombs, doctor.
Nuvo: I’m well aware this is the last. You’d think I’d lose count? The virus in its gaseous forms combined with these bombs will release the Blue Shadow virus back into the galaxy, more potent than ever before.
Padmé: Are you insane? It’s a deadly disease. No life-forms are immune to it. That’s why it was eradicated.
Nuvo: You mean murdered. Take this away. Meanwhile, as we speak, thousands and thousands of so-called superior life-forms are spreading their disease of war throughout the galaxy. Perhaps they are the ones who should be eradicated.

THEED HANGAR
Typho: General Kenobi, Anakin, we’re so glad…
Anakin Skywalker: Where’s Senator Amidala?
Typho: She went to look for the lab.
Anakin: And you let her go?
3PO: Senator Padmé can be very hard to stop once she has made up her mind.
Anakin: Good point. I know what you mean.
Typho: This is Peppi Bow. She was the last person to see them. Padmé sent her here to safety.
Peppi: Theysa looking for the sick-maker.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: “They”?
Typho: Representative Binks was with her.
Anakin: Go with the Gungan. See if you can find them.
Ahsoka Tano: You’ve got it, Master.
Obi-Wan: Why didn’t you send someone to look for them?
Typho: Considering the latest developments, we thought it was best to wait for you.
Obi-Wan: What latest developments?
Typho: We did a robo-lobotomy on the battle droids and came up with this piece of memory.
Typho shows a hologram of Nuvo Vindi.
Obi-Wan: Who is that?
Typho: Doctor Nuvo Vindi, the senior medic for the Perma families. He disappeared ten years ago.
The hologram recording starts playing.
Nuvo: Good news, my soulless automaton friends. We now have enough of the Blue Shadow virus to start filling the bombs .
Obi-Wan: He said “bombs”?
Nuvo: We will only need to send one bomb to each key star system. Work quickly. I want them ready to deliver…
The recording stops.
Obi-Wan: If those bombs get delivered, we’ll be facing a galaxy-wide plague. The war will be the least of our worries.
Typho: There is some good news. Senator Amidala found the lab. She sent us the coordinates before she disappeared. We’ve managed to get a geo scan of the area.
A hologram of the underground lab appears.
Obi-Wan: It’s enormous.
Typho: It looks like there are three entry points. Here, here, and here. This appears to be the main lab.
Obi-Wan: And the bombs?
Typho: There seems to be an above average amount of radiation in this area. It’s likely where they’re being assembled.
Obi-Wan: If Padmé has alerted them to our presence in any way…
Anakin: If Padmé’s in there, and then we go in guns a-blazin’, she may get killed.
Obi-Wan: It is a risk we have to take. Dr. Vindi and those bombs must not leave the lab.
Anakin: And if they or we detonate one during the attack?
Obi-Wan: Better to have one planet infected than the entire galaxy.

GRASSLANDS
Peppi: These the ship belonging to them.
Ahsoka: So where are they? Their tracks end here.
A scope gets out of the ground right under Peppi.
Ahsoka: Peppi, it’s a scope. Don’t let them see you.

THEED HANGAR
Anakin: Where are they?
Obi-Wan: Patience. They’ll be here in a moment. You seem a bit on edge.
Anakin: There’s a good chance we’re about to destroy all life on this planet, including ours and the senator’s, so yes, I’m a bit on edge. Why aren’t you?
Obi-Wan: I’m better at hiding it.
Ahsoka (Comlink): Master, are you there?
Anakin: Did you find her?
Ahsoka (C): Negative. I’m pretty sure she’s inside the lab. The whole area is wired with pressure sensors. There’s no way to get in without being detected. But I’m more than happy to…
Obi-Wan: Do not attempt to get inside. I need you to detonate a bunker bomb at the south end of the facility. It should cause a nice distraction and seal off the bomb area while we come in through the hatches.
Ahsoka (C): You can count on me.
Anakin: Rex and his men will be right behind you, Snips. They’ll have your back.
They end the call.
Anakin: Come on, we’d better hurry.
Obi-Wan: Padmé may be lost, Anakin. Don’t risk the mission trying to rescue her. I’ll take care of the bombs. You focus on the doctor.
Anakin: I know what’s at stake here.

EASTERN SWAMPS
Ahsoka is setting a bomb at the south end of the facility.
Ahsoka: Now!
The bomb detonates.

TRADE FEDERATION LAB
Nuvo: We have a breach! All droids to hatch number one!

EASTERN SWAMPS
Catptain Rex and his men have arrived.
Ahsoka: They arrived quicker than I would’ve thought.
Peppi: Meesa come too?
Ahsoka: No. Stay here and make sure no one escapes.
Peppi: Okeyday.

TRADE FEDERATION LAB
Anakin Obi-Wan and some clones got inside.
Random Clone: It’s quiet in here.
Anakin: Looks like Ahsoka’s distraction is working.
On Ahsoka’s side.
Captain Rex: Forward! Come on!
They are outnumbered.
Ahsoka: Fall back!
On Anakin’s side, in the main lab.
Anakin: Padmé!
Nuvo: Take another step and your friends die.
He electrocutes Padmé and Jar Jar.
Nuvo: Drop your weapons.
The clones get ready to shoot.
Anakin: Wait! Do as he says.
On Ahsoka’s side.
Ahsoka: I can’t hold them.
Obi-Wan: Need some help?
Ahsoka: So good to see you, Master Kenobi.
On Anakin’s side.
Nuvo: I realize I won’t be able to hold you for long, Jedi. That is why I’m going to give you a choice.
Anakin: Fine with me, as long as one of the options is killing you.
Nuvo: How about capture me or save your friends?
He electrocutes Padmé and Jar Jar once again. He escapes and Anakin saves Padmé and Jar Jar.
Anakin: Are you okay?
Padmé: Ani, how about the next time you rescue me before you kill all the battle droids?
Anakin: A little “thank you” would go a long way.
On Ahsoka and Obi-Wan’s side.
Obi-Wan: Things are going well. The lab is secure, and hopefully, Anakin has reached Padmé by now. I’ll get the bombs.
Ahsoka: I’ll keep the droids occupied.
On Anakin’s side.
Anakin: Grab your blasters. We need to find that doctor.
On Obi-Wan’s side.
Commander Cody: Well, looks like the bomb room.
Obi-Wan: Yes, and luckily they appear inactive.
Nuvo activates the bomb.
Obi-Wan: I spoke too soon. Get these deactivated now!
On Anakin’s side.
Obi-Wan (Comlink): Anakin, I’m guessing you didn’t capture the doctor.
Anakin: I’m working on it. Do you have the bombs?
Obi-Wan (C): Dr. Vindi has remotely activated the bombs. They’re counting down.
Anakin: That’s great.
Obi-Wan (C): And on top of that, one of them seems to be missing.
Anakin: It’s down here somewhere. Ahsoka, we’ve got another situation. Send all the clones to search the facility. We’ve got a miss…
Ahsoka and Anakin’s teem meet up at a corner.
Ahsoka: Master?
Anakin: We’ve got a missing bomb and a trigger-happy mad doctor on the loose.
Padmé: Missing bomb? I saw Dr. Vindi give a little droid a bomb.
Anakin: You guys split up. Find that droid.
Rex: You heard him. Let’s move!
Anakin finds the doctor.
Nuvo: Jedi!
Anakin: Leaving so soon, doctor?
Nuvo: You are running out of time. Catch!
Nuvo throws a sample of the Blue Shadow virus to Anakin, and this one catches it but outside the hangar. Nuvo then closes the door.
Anakin: Obi-Wan, Dr. Vindi’s escaping! He’s at the landing platform.
Obi-Wan (C): All right. I’m on my way.
On Padmé’s side.
Jar Jar: Something smells good in here.
Padmé finds the droid and the missing bomb.
Padmé: Hey, there, little guy. How about you hand that over to me?
The droid gets away.
Padmé: He’s getting away!
Jar Jar catches the droid and gives the bomb to Padmé.
Padmé: Ahsoka, I found the last bomb.
Ahsoka (C): Stay there. I’ll get the bomb squad.
On Anakin’s side.
Anakin is opening the door with his lightsaber when Obi-Wan and his clones arrive.
Anakin: Almost got it.
He finishes cutting a hole in the door and they get in. Nuvo hands out more samples of the virus.
Obi-Wan: Don’t shoot! If he drops one of those vials, we’re finished.
The upper exit opens right where Peppi is.
Peppi: No, no-sa!
 She gets away from the hole right on time.
Anakin: You’re under arrest, Dr. Vindi.
Anakin and Peppi defeat Nuvo.
Nuvo: The bomb’s going off, and we’re all going to die! Yeah, die!
At the final moment the detonator shuts down.
Nuvo: Oops. What happened?
On Padmé and Ahsoka’s side.
Cody: Deactivated. Plenty of time to spare.
Jar Jar: Plenty of…
Jar Jar falls unconscious.
Anakin (C): Ahsoka, are you there?
Ahsoka: I’m here, Master. The bomb has been deactivated. Did you find Vindi?
Anakin (C): Deactivated as well. Have you seen Padmé?
Ahsoka: She’s right next to me. I’m okay too. Thanks for asking.