Narrator: Ignore your instincts at your peril. Viceroy Gunray captured. Senator Padmé Amidala has scored a victory against the Separatist alliance on the remote world of Rodia, securing the arrest of diabolical Confederate leader Nute Gunray. The Jedi Council has dispatched Master Luminara Unduli and Anakin Skywalker’s Padawan, Ahsoka, to escort the Viceroy to Coruscant under heavy guard. Once there, he will face trial for his many war crimes.

REPUBLIC SHIP COCKPIT
Luminara Unduli: Captain, have you made contact with the cruiser?
Random Clone: Yes, General. We’ll patch you through now.
They make contact with the cruiser.
Luminara: Jedi Cruiser Tranquility, this is General Luminara Unduli requesting permission to land.
Captain Argyus (Call from Cruiser): You are cleared, General. We await your prisoner’s arrival.
Luminara: Thank you, Captain Argyus. I look forward to delivering him to you.

REPUBLIC SHIP CELL
Nute Gunray: I am a man of great wealth, and I can be very generous to my allies.
Commander Gree: That is a very tempting offer, Viceroy. In the meantime, I have a gift for you.
Shows handcuffs.

REPUBLIC SHIP COCKPIT
Ahsoka Tano: Finally. It’s been such a boring trip.
They board the cruiser.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” LANDING BAY
Nute Gunray is escorted to his new cell.
Nute Gunray: This is an outrageous miscarriage of justice! I demand my litigator!
Commander Gree: Keep moving.
The escort composed of Luminara Unduli, Ahsoka Tano and other clones meets Captain Argyus and his Senate commandos.
Captain Argyus: Greetings, General. We have the brig all ready for this traitor.
Luminara Unduli: Very good, Captain. Commander Gree, let’s get on the way.
Commander Gree: Right away, sir. Let’s move!
Ahsoka Tano: Senate commandos? How does a money-grubbing worm like Gunray rate all this security? He doesn’t look that dangerous.
Luminara: Don’t let your overconfidence give Gunray another advantage, Ahsoka. Even now, his allies may be conspiring against us.

SEPARATIST CRUISER
Darth Sidious (Hologram): Gunray’s capture could be a serious threat to us, my friend. The Viceroy will not last long under Jedi interrogation.
Count Dooku: I have already put a plan into action, my lord. My best agent, Asajj Ventress, will infiltrate the Jedi ship and either free Gunray or silence him.
Sidious (Hologram): Ventress? You are putting a great deal of faith in an operative who has failed us in the past.
Dooku: She is a gifted assassin. You have my word. She will complete her mission to the letter.
Sidious (Hologram): Very well. You may proceed.
Sidious ends call. Asajj Ventress enters the room.
Asajj Ventress: Master.
Dooku: There is no margin for error this time, child. You must prove yourself worthy of being my apprentice.
Ventress: I am worthy, as you shall see.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” BRIG
Captain Argyus: How goes the interrogation? Has the Viceroy cracked?
Commander Gree: Not yet. Neimoidians are a slippery lot, but the Jedi will wear him down.
The interrogation continues inside Nute Gunray’s cell.
Luminara Unduli: Your thoughts betray you, Viceroy. I can sense your concern. The fear that you will lose the wealth and the power that the war has given you.
Nute Gunray: I have no idea what you’re talking about.
Luminara: You hide a great many things. The name of your secret allies. The locations of their bases.
Gunray: I am an innocent pawn in all of this!
Luminara: If you’re merely a pawn, then who are you protecting?
Gunray: No one! I… I know nothing!
Ahsoka Tano: Liar! Liar! I’m tired of all this whining!
Ahsoka menaces him by putting her lightsaber under his throat.
Ahsoka: Tell us what we want to know right now, or I will gut you like a Rokaria’n dirt fish!
Luminara: Padawan!
Luminara pulls Ahsoka aside.
Luminara: Terror is not a weapon the Jedi use.
Ahsoka: I wasn’t serious! But the only way he’ll talk is if he’s scared enough.
Gunray: Perhaps I was too hasty. Let us negotiate.
The cruiser shakes.
Commander Gree: Captain! Status report!
Random Clone (Comlink): Droid fighters incoming! They’ve brought boarding ships!
The Separatist fighters attack the cruiser.
Gree: Green Company, prepare to repel the enemy!
Green Company goes to landing bay. The droids board and a battle between the two starts.
Green Leader (Comlink): Green Leader to Commander Gree! Super battle droids have breached our hull! They’re headed for the detention level. We need reinforcements.
Luminara: Commander, I’ll need your assistance.
Ahsoka: Let’s go.
Luminara: You will stay here with Captain Argyus. Guard the Viceroy.
Ahsoka: But…
Luminara gives her an authoritarian look.
Ahsoka: As you wish, Master.
Luminara and Gree leave the brig.
Gunray: It appears you are in no position to negotiate after all, Padawan. Perhaps after my rescue…
Ahsoka: Rescue? Maybe they’re to make sure you won’t talk.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” LANDING BAY
Asajj Ventress boards.
Random Clone: All units! There’s a…
Ventress kills him.
Random Clone (Comlink): Trooper! What have you found? Come in, trooper! Do you copy?
Ventress takes the arm comlink and wears it. She cuts a hole through the ventilation and gets in.
Random Clone (Comlink): Super battle droids are everywhere. Fall back to the detention level! We have to protect the prisoner!

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” ENGINE ROOM
Asajj Ventress sneaks in. Two random clones enter.
Random Clone: See anything?
Random Clone: Engine room seems clear. We’ll lock it down.
Random Clone (Comlink): Good, Captain. The enemy is advancing toward the prison level.
Random Clone: We’re on our way. You keep watch here, 327.
327-T expresses his dissatisfaction to be called by his nickname.
Random Clone: Okay, okay, 327-T.
Random Clone: You know droids never like to be called by their nicknames.
They leave the engine room. Ventress manages to set a few detonators without droid 327-T seeing it.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” CORRIDORS
Commander Gree destroys the last droid.
Commander Gree: There. Looks like the last of them, General.
Luminara Unduli: Yes, Commander. But I sense our troubles are not over.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” BRIG
Ahsoka Tano: Sounds like your rescue didn’t work out after all.
Nute Gunray: I am ready to discuss bargain again.
Captain Argyus: Padawan Tano. May I have a word?
Ahsoka: Certainly, Captain. If I leave, you won’t go anywhere, will you?
Gunray ironically laughs.
Argyus: I’ve got the all-clear. The enemy has been repelled.
Ahsoka: And their attempt to free Gunray has failed?
Asajj Ventress cuts a hole through the entrance. She defeats the Senate commandos.
Ahsoka: If it isn’t the hairless harpy.
Asajj Ventress: If it isn’t Skywalker’s filthy, obnoxious little pet.
Ahsoka: How nice of you. Tell you what, I’ll give you a merciful death.
The two of them engage into a duel. Luminara Unduli senses Ahsoka’s trouble.
Arguys: Shoot her!
Ventress quickly defeats the whole entire Senate commando.
Ventress: Skywalker’s not here to save you now.
Ahsoka: Good thing I don’t need saving.
Gunray: Over here! Open this door and I’ll buy you a planet!
Ventress frees Gunray, and Ahsoka gets tricked and is locked inside the cell.
Gunray: Yes! Yes! Such delicious irony! How do you like your room now, youngling?
Luminara Unduli and Commander Gree enter the brig.
Luminara Unduli: Halt, assassin!
Luminara frees Ahsoka and they defeat Ventress.
Luminara: Surrender.
Ventress seems to surrender but actually detonates the detonators. She then escapes through the elevator.
Ahsoka: What are we waiting for?
Ahsoka jumps into the elevator.
Luminara: Ahsoka!
Luminara saves Ahsoka from certain death by retaining her and letting the elevator pass.
Ahsoka: Thanks.
Arguys: Everything’s running haywire. Doors, lifts. Communication’s down, propulsion’s dead. She’s crippled the entire ship.
Luminara: Our attacker has come for Gunray. Stay here and guard him. I’ll confront her myself.
Ahsoka: Master, all due respect, but Ventress is too powerful for any one Jedi to fight alone. Let me help you.
Luminara: I am more than capable of dealing with a lone assassin armed with undisciplined fighting skills.
Ahsoka: But…
Luminara: Stay here, and keep a clear head.
Luminara leaves the brig.
Ahsoka: Luminara Unduli may be a Jedi Master, but she has no idea what that bog witch is capable of. No idea. I can’t let her face that lowlife alone. Wouldn’t we have a better chance of stopping her if I helped?
Arguys: Sometimes, being a good soldier means doing what we think is right. That’s why we’re superior to droids.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” ENGINE ROOM
Luminara Unduli and Asajj Ventress have engaged into a duel.
Asajj Ventress: Do you think you’ll still be able to call on the Force after I’ve separated your head from your body?
Luminara Unduli: Even with my vision clouded, I recognise the fighting style of Count Dooku. Your version is unrefined. Amateurish. Sloppy.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” BRIG
Ahsoka Tano: I can’t disobey a direct order and leave my post, can I?
Commander Gree: I wouldn’t.
Captain Argyus: But don’t worry, we’ve got this under control, Master Jedi. Your friend won’t be going anywhere.
Nute Gunray: All I know is, I never risk my own skin if I don’t have to.
Ahsoka gives him a weird look.
Gunray: What?
Ahsoka: Watch him closely.
Argyus: You can trust us, Commander.
Ahsoka leaves.
Gree: Call us if you need help, sir!

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” ENGINE ROOM
Asajj Ventress manages to defeat Luminara Unduli.
Asajj Ventress: Now you fall, as all Jedi must.
Ahsoka Tano enters the engine room. She pushes Ventress with the force and saves Luminara.
Ahsoka Tano: I know, I know. You told me to stay.
Luminara Unduli: Well, as long as you’re here…
Ventress goes into hiding.
Luminara: We have to find her. We can’t let her get to Gunray.
Ventress sends a transmission to Captain Argyus.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” BRIG
Captain Argyus receives a transmission from Asajj Ventress.
Random Senate Commando: What’s that, Captain?
Captain Argyus: Oh, nothing to worry about.
He shoots his own Senate Commandos and kills them.
Commander Gree: Hey! What are you doing?
He engages into a fight with Gree and frees Nute Gunray.
Nute Gunray: No. Please. Don’t!
Argyus: Oh, do shut up. Count Dooku is paying me a fortune to deliver your slimy carcass. So, please, try to stay alive.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” ENGINE ROOM
Ahsoka Tano and Luminara Unduli are still looking for Asajj Ventress.
Luminara Unduli: Ahsoka…
Ahsoka Tano: What happened to “Padawan Tano”?
Luminara: This assassin, I’ve never faced an adversary like her. I should have listened to your advice.
Ahsoka: Master, I never meant to overstep my bounds, but…
Luminara receives a call.
Commander Gree (Comlink): General Unduli! We’ve been betrayed! Argyus has freed Gunray!
Luminara: I’ve been a fool!
Ventress finally shows herself.
Ahsoka: We’ll take her together.
A lightsaber battle starts. Ventress is against Luminara and Ahsoka this time.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY” BRIG
Commander Gree: Stop! This is your last warning!
Nute Gunray: Don’t shoot! I am an innocent pawn!
Captain Argyus: He won’t shoot. He doesn’t want to damage his prize.
Gree shoots on Argyus’ blaster. Argyus has now no weapon, and holds Gunray as a hostage.
Gree: Stand down, Captain.
Argyus: Come and get me!
Argyus frees Gunray and starts fighting Gree.
Gree: Why’d you do it, Argyus?
Argyus: A clone like you would never understand. I wanted a life more than empty servitude.
Gree: And for that, you’d betray the Republic?
Argyus: Like I told the Padawan, sometimes being a good soldier means doing what you think is right.
Gree finally defeats Argyus.
Gree: You and I disagree on what makes a good…
Gree is hit by Gunray. He is left unconscious. Argyus gets up.
Gunray: You should have taken my offer when you had the chance, clone.
Argyus and Gunray escape and board on a small ship to get away.
Argyus: The outer shields are still down. The ship is still in turmoil. We’re home free.
Argyus and Gunray leave the cruiser.
Argyus: As successful a rescue as one could hope for, Viceroy. I’ll be a legend for this.
Gunray: I always had a good feeling about you, Captain.
On her side, Asajj Ventress has finally managed to escape Luminara Unduli and Ahsoka Tano. She is on the small ship and she enters the cockpit.
Argyus: You see, assassin? Our plan went off without a hitch.
Asajj Ventress: “Our” plan?
Argyus: And I will, of course, make sure your contributions are noted in my report to Count Dooku.
Ventress kills Argyus.
Ventress: I’ll tell him myself. Greetings, Viceroy.
Gunray: I always had a good feeling about you, assassin.

REPUBLIC CRUISER “TRANQUILITY”
Ahsoka Tano: I’m sorry that despicable wealth-worm Gunray got away.
Anakin Skywalker (Hologram): It’s okay, Snips. I know you did your best.
Ahsoka: Master, I…
Yoda (Hologram): Troubling is the treachery of the Senate Guard, Captain Argyus. Revealed all around us our enemies are.
Luminara Unduli: I’m not sure all is lost. Gunray and his accomplices stole a Republic ship to make their getaway.
Anakin (Hologram): It could be tracked!
Luminara: Indeed.
Yoda (Hologram): A coward Viceroy Gunray is, but powerful allies he has. Swiftly we must move if we are to recapture him.
Luminara: Master Fisto’s fleet was near Gunray’s position. I’ve already contacted him to follow the signal.
Anakin (Hologram): Ahsoka, I’ll meet you at the rendezvous point.
Ahsoka: Yes, Master.
Anakin and Yoda end the call.
Ahsoka: Master Luminara, I guess this is goodbye for now.
Luminara: I owe you my life, Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: Protecting a Jedi Master is the role of a Padawan.
Luminara: And teaching is usually the role of the Master. Master Skywalker should be proud. Farewell.
Ahsoka: Thank you, Master.
Luminara: Commander, let’s get on the way.
Commander Gree: Yes, General. Ahead full!