Narrator: The winding path to peace is always a worthy one, regardless of how many turns it takes. Manhunt! After a long and perilous search, the Jedi finally track down Separatist leader Count Dooku. During a heroic attempt to capture the count, Anakin Skywalker has gone missing. Having lost contact with Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi heads toward his friend’s last known location, a lone Separatist frigate in the far reaches of the Outer Rim.

SEPARATIST SHIP
Obi-Wan Kenobi opens a cell. He finds two nikto.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Don’t bother to get up. You’re not the prisoner I’m looking for.
He closes the cell, goes to another one and finds Anakin Skywalker
Anakin Skywalker: Oh, it’s you.
Obi-Wan: This is how you thank me for rescuing you, pounce on me from the ceiling?
Anakin: Kind of difficult without a…
Obi-Wan hands him his lightsaber.
Anakin: …lightsaber. Thanks
Obi-Wan: Did you manage to locate Dooku before landing in jail?
Anakin: Well, I know he’s on board. Might have been able to do something about it if I’d had my weapon.
They leave Anakin’s cell.
Obi-Wan: It was important for you to arrive without it so your capture would be convincing.
Anakin: Oh, they were convinced, alright. But how come I’m the one getting caught all the time? It doesn’t look good.
Obi-Wan: When you’re a Jedi master, you can make the plan.
Anakin: That’s just it. How can I become a Jedi master if I’m always getting caught?
Obi-Wan: At least you’re a master at getting caught.
Anakin: Very funny.
They arrive in Count Dooku’s quarters.
Obi-Wan: Surprise, surprise.
Anakin and Obi-Wan activate their lightsabers.
Obi-Wan: If it isn’t Count Dooku.
Count Dooku: Obi-Wan Kenobi. I thought I sensed an unpleasant disturbance in the force. I see you’ve freed young Skywalker. Where might he be if you weren’t always around to rescue him?
The Separatist ship shakes.
Random Droid (Comlink): Sir, there’s a Jedi cruiser attacking.
Anakin: Let’s try not to blow up the ship before they get off this time.
Obi-Wan: Your ship is surrounded, Count. Republic troops are boarding as we speak.
Dooku: Jedi fools.
A hole under Dooku opens. He escapes.
Obi-Wan: I should have seen that coming.
Anakin goes near the hole.
Obi-Wan: What are you doing?
Anakin: Following him.
Obi-Wan: Not that way. We need to cut him off.
Anakin: You cut him off. I’ll follow him and meet you at the hangar.
Anakin jumps in the hole.
Obi-Wan: Why do I even try?
Anakin and Dooku fight while falling. Dooku escapes. He arrives in the landing bay.
Random Droid: Your ship is ready, sir.
Dooku: Good.
Obi-Wan arrives in the landing bay when Dooku escapes on his personal ship. He takes a ship. Anakin arrives and gets on the ship.
Obi-Wan: I thought you were following Dooku.
Anakin: I was. I followed him here. Hang on.
They exit the ship and follow Dooku.
Anakin: Ahsoka, Dooku managed to escape. We’re in pursuit, but we could use reinforcements. Follow us in what ships you can round up.
Ahsoka (Comlink): We’ll get there as soon as we can.
A chase starts between Anakin and Obi-Wan against Dooku. Anakin quickly blasts Dooku’s ship.
Anakin: That was easy. 
Obi-Wan: Lucky for you, I’m an excellent shot.
Separatist fighters arrive and start shooting at them.
Obi-Wan: Well, now those fighters are attacking.
Anakin: I’m on it. 
Dooku gets closer.
Anakin: He’s getting too close.
Their ships get blasted.
Anakin: Lucky for you, I’m an excellent pilot.
They and Dooku crash-land on Vanqor, a nearby planet.
Obi-Wan: For all your expertise, this is not a very smooth landing.
Anakin: If you’d hit that second fighter, we wouldn’t be in this mess.

VANQOR
Obi-Wan: I’ve had better landings.
Anakin points at Dooku’s ship.
Anakin: Dooku.
Obi-Wan sees something on it.
Obi-Wan: What’s this, a homing beacon?
Anakin: Which means the distinguished count is waiting for help. So he can’t be far off.
Obi-Wan: His engine is damaged. He’s not going anywhere.
Anakin: Not without a homing beacon.
Anakin destroys the homing beacon.
Obi-Wan: There. Caves are a good start.
Anakin: Strange.
Obi-Wan: You sense it too. Many life forms in there.
Anakin: And Dooku’s one of them. Let’s try to get him before something else does.
As they enter the cave, Dooku makes the entrance collapse.
Anakin: What’s that?
Obi-Wan: Run!
Both of them are crushed. Dooku takes Anakin’s lightsaber.
Dooku: You won’t be needing this anymore, Skywalker.
As Dooku goes back to his ship, he sees Hondo Ohnaka and his men searching his ship.
Hondo Ohnaka: Well, well. What do we have here?
Dooku: Who are you?
Hondo: More importantly, my friend, who are you?

VANQOR CAVE
Anakin wakes up. He starts searching for Obi-Wan.
Anakin: Master! Obi-Wan, can you hear me? Master!
Obi-Wan appears.
Obi-Wan: Anakin, when I tell you to run, run.
Anakin: Master! You’re alive.
Obi-Wan: And where’s your lightsaber?
Anakin: It got knocked out of my hand.
Obi-Wan: By a rock?
Anakin: Yeah, by a rock. It’s got to be here somewhere.
Obi-Wan: That is a feeble excuse.
Anakin: You know what would be helpful? A little light.
Obi-Wan: Certainly.
Obi-Wan’s lightsaber doesn’t work.
Obi-Wan: Silly thing. It was just working a minute ago. You don’t suppose it was hit by a rock do you?
A ferocious Gundark appears.
Obi-Wan: This should be interesting.

VANQOR
Hondo: Your solar sailor is very beautiful. It’s a pretty rare ship, very expensive. What are you doing all the way out here?
Dooku: I sustained some damage in an asteroid storm and had to make a landing. Feel free to help yourself to it.
Hondo: If you need a transport, the nearest planet is Florrum. It’s six parsecs away.
Dooku: Is it civilized?
Hondo: That depends on your definition of civilized. But you would certainly be more comfortable there than here. Vanqor is no place to be after dark.
Dooku: Perhaps I shall take you up on your offer.
Hondo: Very good. Now all that’s left to do is settle my fee.
Dooku: Fee?
Hondo: Just a little something to cover my expenses. It shouldn’t be a problem for someone so obviously wealthy as yourself.
Dooku: I’d be happy to compensate you for your services.
Hondo: That’s it boys! We are heading home.

VANQOR CAVE
Anakin is chased by a Gundark. Obi-Wan is repairing his lightsaber.
Anakin: Jump in anytime!
Obi-Wan: Oh, you’re doing fine. She seems to like you.
Anakin: Yeah, lucky me! This isn’t as much fun as it looks. I thought gundarks were only found on Vanqor.
Obi-Wan: Then this system must be Vanqor.
Anakin: So that would make this one…
Obi-Wan: The mother of all gundarks. Precisely.
Anakin: Are you gonna help me?
Obi-Wan throws a rock on the gundark.
Anakin: Well, you took your time.
The gundark gets up. They throw a lot of rocks at it. It’s unconscious.
Anakin: It’s a pity. I was just starting to sense a connection.
Obi-Wan: Should I leave you two alone, or would you prefer to find a way out of this hole before she wakes up?

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Hondo, his group and Dooku arrive on Florrum.
Hondo: Welcome to Florrum.
Dooku reaches for his lightsaber, but realizes it is gone.
Hondo: Lose your flashy sword? Are these what you were looking for, Jedi?
Hondo shows Dooku and Anakin’s lightsabers.
Dooku: I am more powerful than any Jedi. Know that you are dealing with a Sith lord.
Hondo: You’re still outnumbered. The leader of the clanker army… and a Sith lord, no less. Someone is sure to pay a pretty price for you.
Dooku: Provide me with the proper means of communication. I will arrange for any ransom to be paid.
Hondo: And you will arrange for your armies to crush us as well. You don’t survive in the Outer Rim by being stupid. If the Separatists will pay to get you back, chances are, the Republic will offer even more.

VANQOR CAVE
Obi-Wan: Sounds like another gundark.
Anakin: It’s too far away to worry about.
Obi-Wan: It won’t stay far away.
Some rocks fall, gas is liberated.
Anakin: New problem.
Obi-Wan: That’s not good.
Anakin: It’s just gas.
Obi-Wan: Probably toxic gas.
Anakin: That’s good. Maybe it’ll kill your gundark.
Obi-Wan: And maybe it’ll kill us.
Anakin: Come on. Let’s get out of here.
Obi-Wan: This isn’t gonna work. I can’t breathe. As always, I’m open to sugges…
Obi-Wan falls, ill from the gas.
Anakin: Come on, Obi-Wan. Don’t give up now.
Both of them fall, ill. A hole appears an exit is made. Ahsoka Tano is the cause of it.
Ahsoka Tano: Master! Looks like I got here just in time.
Anakin and Obi-Wan get up and get out of the cave.
Anakin: What do you mean, “just in time”?
Ahsoka: You were in very big trouble.
Obi-Wan: Trouble? We were simply searching for Count Dooku.
Anakin: We had the situation well under control, my little Padawan.
Ahsoka: I see. So which part of the situation did you have under control: the blocked entrance, the poison gas, or that gundark behind you?
Anakin: Gundark?
Obi-Wan: You mean the one that’s too far away to worry about?
The gundark tries to attack them.
Ahsoka: Block the entrance.
The clones behind her shoot the top and some rocks fall, blocking the entrance.
Anakin: There’s still Dooku to deal with.
Ahsoka: You let him get away?
Anakin: No, not get away exactly. Just… Chime in anytime.
Ahsoka gives him a disappointed look.
Obi-Wan: Oh, no. I’m enjoying this far too much.

CHANCELLOR PALPATINE’S OFFICE
Hondo (Hologram): If you want the Sith lord, it will cost you a million credits. The payment will be in spice delivered in an unarmed diplomatic ship.
Palpatine: We will need proof he’s alive before agreeing to your terms.
Hondo shows Dooku in the hologram.
Hondo (Hologram): Let me present your fearless Sith lord. I’m afraid he’s too embarrassed to speak.
Palpatine: A hologram can be faked.
Hondo (Hologram): You want proof? This is his lightsaber.
He activates Dooku’s lightsaber.
Yoda: Yes, belongs to Dooku, that lightsaber does.
Palpatine: This scum… Having possession of Dooku’s lightsaber proves nothing.
Hondo (Hologram): If you refuse, I am sure the Separatist council will be more than willing to meet my price.
Padmé Amidala: We may never have a better chance to capture Count Dooku.
Palpatine nods.
Padmé: We would like… to send two Jedi to confirm that you have Count Dooku before delivering the ransom.
Hondo (Hologram): Send your Jedi, but they must be unarmed.
Padmé: Impossible.
Hondo (Hologram): They will be safe. We have no interest in getting involved in your war.
Mace Windu receives a communication.
Mace Windu: We’ve reestablished contact with Kenobi and Skywalker. They’re in a system close to Florrum.
Yoda: And most eager to find Dooku, they are.

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Mace (Hologram): His only stipulation is that you arrive unarmed.
Anakin: Unarmed?
Obi-Wan: We know very little about these pirates. We may be walking blind into what could very well be a hostile situation.
Mace (Hologram): We can’t let Dooku slip through our fingers again. Report back as soon as you arrive.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Anakin and Obi-Wan arrive on Florrum.
Obi-Wan: This should be fun.
A guard searches them.
Random Pirate: Follow me.
He leads them to Hondo.
Hondo: Gentlemen. Can I offer you something to drink?
Obi-Wan: No, thank you. Congratulations on your capture of Count Dooku. Very impressive.
Hondo: Yes, it was. Even a Sith Lord is no match for my warriors. He put up quite a fight. Blasters, cannons, that glowy thing…
Obi-Wan: You mean a lightsaber?
Hondo: That’s it. And I don’t need to tell you, those things can do some damage. Carved up some of my best men pretty good before I could get the jump on him.
Anakin: And how exactly did you get the jump on him? With this?
Anakin takes back his lightsaber from Hondo. He is menaced by all the pirates. A little creature takes it back.
Obi-Wan: We have no interest in disagreeing with you. All we want is to confirm you are holding Dooku, and we’ll go.
Hondo: I will arrange a meeting.

DOOKU’S CELL
Obi-Wan: Look how the mighty Sith Lord has fallen.
Anakin: This place suits you, Count.
Dooku: It wasn’t so long ago that you yourself were in similar surroundings on my ship.
Anakin: Yeah, but now I’m free, and you’re not.
Dooku: I’m confident the situation will rectify itself soon.
Obi-Wan: Soon you’ll be brought to trial by the Senate and most likely spend a very long time in a cell just like this one.
Anakin: And that’s if you’re lucky.
Dooku: My naive young Jedi, you must be overly optimistic if you think these Weequayans plan to let you leave this planet.
Anakin: They’re planet-hopping thieves looking for a quick score. They have no interest in picking a fight with Jedi.
Dooku: They are devious and deceitful… and most importantly, stupid.
Obi-Wan: It’s a wonder you don’t get along with them Dooku. You have so much in common.
Dooku: You underestimate them at your own peril, Kenobi.
Anakin and Obi-Wan leave the cell and Dooku.
Anakin: I don’t know about you, but I could use some rest.
Obi-Wan: Remember, Anakin, this could still be a trap.
Anakin: You’re not worried about Dooku, are you?
Obi-Wan: No, I’m worried about these pirates.
Random Pirate: Jedi! Now that your business is completed, we invite you to join us in the grand hall for a banquet. And a true Weequay banquet is not to be missed.

HONDO’S BANQUET
Obi-Wan: No question, they have Dooku. Send the ransom.
Mace (Comlink): He’s being securely held?
Obi-Wan: And very cranky about it.
Mace (Comlink): Good. Senator Kharrus and Representative Binks will be dispatched immediately.
They end the call.
Hondo: Now, can I persuade you to join us for a drink? It’s a tradition, in the name of friendship.
Obi-Wan: Alright, but nothing too strong. He’s flying.
Hondo: Bring our guests some refreshments.
The server puts a little something in their drinks.
Hondo: To a successful transaction.
Obi-Wan: To powerful pirates and new friends of the Republic.
Hondo: Enjoy your evening, gentlemen.
They drink their drinks.
Anakin: I still don’t get it.
Obi-Wan: Get what?
Anakin: How a bunch of drunken pirates managed to catch Dooku when we couldn’t.
Obi-Wan: Maybe there’s a lesson to be learned here.
Anakin: I still don’t get it.
Obi-Wan: It’s to remind us to be humble and never too proud, to accept a gift when it comes our way.
Anakin: Well, to unexpected gifts, then.
Obi-Wan: Hear, hear.