Narrator: Trust in your friends, and they’ll have reason to trust in you. After suffering a series of disastrous defeats at the hands of General Grievous, the Republic’s foothold in the Outer Rim is in jeopardy. Commissioned to protect the strategic world of Bothawui, Anakin Skywalker and his weary battle group are all that stands between the system and domination by the Droid Army.

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Among our most recent losses was the battle group at Falleen. The Separatist fleet commanded by General Grievous is headed your way.
Anakin Skywalker: Seems like that coward always knows where and when to attack us.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): You’re heavily outnumbered, Anakin. I advise retreat.
Anakin: If we run, the Separatists will take control of this sector. I can’t let them do that.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): And that is your problem.
Ahsoka Tano: Master Kenobi is right. We should regroup. We don’t stand a chance against…
Anakin: Ahsoka…
Ahsoka: Suicide is not the Jedi way, Master.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): You should listen to your Padawan.
Anakin: As you listen to yours, my old master? No, we’re going to stay and fight. And I think I know how to beat Grievous at his own game.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
Random Droid: Our spies were right, General. The Jedi have positioned a fleet beyond the planetary rings.
General Grievous: Move our ships through the asteroid field to engage them.
Random Droid: Through the field, sir?
Grievous: If we attack from above, they will have the advantage. So we will go through the rocks.
Random Droid: That didn’t sound good.
Grievous: All power to the forward shields.
Random Droid: What if they attack us from behind?
Grievous: They can’t. The asteroids will protect us.

GOLD SQUADRON
Anakin Skywalker: Gold Squadron, tighten formation. Slow approach. Let’s draw them in.
Random Clone: Yes, sir.
R2-D2 expresses his fear.
Anakin: Don’t worry R2. Grievous is falling right into our trap.
Random Clone: Resolute command to Gold Leader. We are standing by.
Ahsoka (Call from Ship): Enemy closing to Zone 6.
Anakin: Patience, Ahsoka
Ahsoka (Call): Zone 4. Zone 3.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
Random Droid: General, we have a clear shot at their cruisers.
General Grievous: Good. Good!

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Random Clone: They’re right on top of us! Should we commence firing?
Ahsoka Tano: Wait… Wait…

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Concentrate fire on the closest Republic cruiser.
Random Droid: Roger, roger.
They fire at the Republic Cruiser. A space battle starts.

GOLD SQUADRON
Ahsoka Tano (Call from Ship): We’re outgunned! We’re not gonna last a Mynock minute out here!
Anakin Skywalker: Hang on, Ahsoka. We’ve got them right where we want them. Watch your stabilizer, Gold 6!
Gold 6: It’s no good. Incoming’s too heavy.
Gold 6 gets shot and crashes into another ship.
Anakin: Gold Squadron, take evasive action!
Random Clone: Sir, yes, sir! Breaking off!
R2-D2 asks if they’re retreating.
Anakin: No, R2, we’re not retreating. Good thing you gave us that extra power.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Let’s finish them off!

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): Ahsoka, they’re in position. Unveil our little surprise.
Ahsoka Tano: Right away, Master. Rex, old boy, it’s time you joined the party.
Captain Rex: With pleasure, sir.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
Random Droid: General, we’ve been outflanked.

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Ahsoka Tano: All units, fire at will!
They proceed to fire at will.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Impossible!

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Ahsoka Tano: Forward cannon, let them have it!
Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): This is too easy!

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Get us out of here!
Random Droid: Uh, where are we supposed to go?
Grievous leaves.
Random Droid: Uh, General? Well, I guess I’m in charge now.
Grievous leaves the Warship in his personal ship. The Warship is destroyed.

GOLD SQUADRON
Anakin Skywalker sees General Grievous escaping.
Anakin Skywalker: Grievous!

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Ahsoka Tano: Let’s finish this. All batteries, target that command bucket!

GOLD SQUADRON
Grievous powers up his hyperdrive.
Anakin Skywalker: He’s powering up his hyperdrive, R2. Hang on! More speed, R2!
They hit the Separatist Warship, get damage.
Anakin: See what you can do about that, buddy.
Grievous escapes, Anakin’s cruiser’s damage intensifies.
Anakin: Uh-oh. I got a bad feeling about this.
Anakin’s ship catches fire, a part of it explodes. Anakin gets lost in the asteroid field.

REPUBLIC CRUISER MEDICAL STATION
Anakin Skywalker wakes up.
Anakin Skywalker: What happened?
Ahsoka Tano: You owe Rexter your skin, Skyguy.
Captain Rex: Just doing my job, sir. It was your plan that won the day.
Ahsoka: Grievous is AWOL, but his fleet of tinnies is nothing but spare parts.
Anakin: Good work, both of you. Where’s R2?
Ahsoka: I’m sorry, Master, he’s gone.
Anakin is stunned.

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Congratulations, Anakin. Your resourcefulness always amazes me.
Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Master.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): You look troubled.
Anakin: I lost R2 in the field.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Well, R2 units are a dime a dozen. I’m sure you’ll find a suitable replacement.
Anakin: I could take a squad out there, track him down.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Anakin, it’s only a droid. You know attachment is not acceptable for a Jedi.
Anakin: It’s not just that, Master. How do I put this? I didn’t wipe R2’s memory.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): What? He’s still programmed with our tactic and base locations? If the Separatists get a hold of him… What possessed you not to erase that droid’s memory?
Ahsoka Tano: Master Obi-Wan, sometimes R2 having that extra information has come in handy.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Well, then find that droid, Anakin. Our necks might very well depend on it.
Anakin: Right away, Master.

REPUBLIC CRUISER LANDING BAY
Anakin Skywalker: You ready to go, Snips?
Ahsoka Tano: Master, they just delivered your replacement astromech droid. This is R3-S6. I’ve heard that the new R3s are far faster in thinking skills and more powerful than the old R2 units. And best of all, Master, he’s gold! A gold droid for Gold Leader of Gold Squadron?
Anakin: You can’t replace R2.
R3-S6 is disappointed.
Ahsoka: Don’t worry, Goldie. You’ll get to know him later. Come on.

ANAKIN AND AHSOKA IN SPACE
They find Anakin Skywalker’s ship.
Anakin Skywalker: There’s my ship!
R2-D2 is missing.
Anakin: He must have escaped. He’s gotta be around here somewhere.
Ahsoka Tano:  R2 isn’t on the scanners, but there is a ship out there.
Anakin: Looks like a Trandoshan scavenger, probably combing the battlefield for salvage.
Anakin and Ahsoka approach the Trandoshan Scavenger’s ship.

GHA NACKT’S SHIP
Ahsoka Tano: The historical texts say…
Anakin Skywalker: Archive texts can only teach you a part of the picture, my young Padawan. You’ll learn a lot more through some hands-on experience.
Ahsoka: What’s that smell? Ugh.
Anakin: You’ll get used to it.
A little droid camera comes out the front door.
Anakin: Hey! We’d like to buy a droid. You selling?
Gah Nackt comes out of the front door.
Gha Nackt: Ugh!
Anakin: We’re looking for an R2 unit. You happen to pick up any recently?
Gha Nackt: An R series? No, no, not for a long time.
Anakin: Pookums here really has her heart set on another R2. She lost the last one.
Ahsoka: “Pookums”? Oh, brother.
Gha Nackt sees R3-S6.
Gha Nackt: Nice R3 unit.  Trade for a C-14?
Ahsoka: Not on your life, lizardo.
Anakin: Now, let’s see how much I have here.
Shows a lot of credits.
Gha Nackt: Tell you what, I may have an R2 unit buried somewhere in the hold.
Opens the door.
Gha Nackt: Help yourself, but be careful. There are many unique items down here.

THE HOLD
Ahsoka Tano: Master?
Shows IG units that are shut down.
Anakin Skywalker: These must be the unique items we were warned about. These assassin droids can be very unpredictable.
Ahsoka: They’re switched off. They don’t look so tough to me.
Anakin: Nothing looks tough to you. Take my word for it, they’re deadly. R3, access the computer and find the inventory manifest. R2’s got to be around here somewhere.
A sound similar to R2-D2 is heard.
Anakin: Did you hear that?
Ahsoka: Hear what?
Anakin: That sounded like R2!
Ahsoka: How can you tell the difference?
Anakin: It came from down here. R3, get this open.
R3 messes up and switches the lights on.
Anakin: We don’t need the lights on!
Ahsoka: No, Goldie, the hatch.
Anakin: Never mind. I’ll do it myself.
R3 switches the IG units on. They attack Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: Master! Goldie, shut these droids down!
Anakin: I’m afraid R3 is a little slow on the uptake.
A fight starts between them and the IG units.
Ahsoka: Back at you, piston head! You were right about the hands-on experience, gramps. Much better than the archives.
Anakin: Good job, but you missed one.
He destroys the last IG unit.
Anakin: As for you, stubby, you’d make a poor excuse for a light switch.
Ahsoka: I’m sure he did his best.
Anakin: His best to get us killed? R2 would have never made that mistake! R3 can’t even get the door open.
R3 finally manages to open the door.
Anakin: A little late, stubby.
Gha Nackt appears. Anakin switches on his lightsaber.
Gha Nackt: If you didn’t have a lightsaber, you’d be a dead man.
Anakin: Where’s my droid?
Anakin menaces the Gha Nackt.
Ahsoka: Master! What are you doing? R2’s not here.
Anakin: Let’s get out of here.
Gha Nackt: I told you there were no R2 droids down here! Look at this mess you made! You owe me, Jedi! You’ll be sorry you ever came aboard my ship, Jedi. I’m about to make your life miserable.
Anakin and Ahsoka leave. Gha Nackt calls General Grievous.
General Grievous (Hologram): What is it?
Gha Nackt: I’m en route to the rendezvous point, General. I’ve got the merchandise you were looking for. It must be valuable. A Jedi came looking for it. Maybe it is worth more than we negotiated.
Grievous (Hologram): Don’t push me, slime. You bring that R2 unit to me as fast as you can get here, or else!
Gha Nackt: Ah. Yes, of course, General. Just kidding.

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): We have to assume that R2 was destroyed in the explosion that claimed your ship.
Anakin Skywalker: Yes, Master.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Our intelligence has confirmed that Grievous’ spies have been intercepting our transmissions.
Ahsoka Tano: He must have some sort of secret listening post out there somewhere.
Anakin: That would explain how he’s been able to ambush our fleets.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Split up your squadrons, Anakin. Find that base and destroy it.
Anakin: It’s as good as done, Master Kenobi.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): May the Force be with you both.
Obi-Wan leaves.
Anakin: I’ll sweep the outer corridor, while the rest of your ships focus on the center.
Captain Rex: Are you sure you want to go alone?
Anakin: I’m sure. More than one fighter will just draw too much attention.
Rex: Yes, sir.
Ahsoka: Master, you’ll need a droid to help you navigate.
Shows R3-S6.
Anakin: I think stubby is defective.
Ahsoka: Give him another chance, Master. This is the perfect time for you and him to, you know, bond.
Anakin hesitates.
Anakin: All right. Come on, stubby.
Ahsoka: May the Force be with you, Master.

GHA NACKT'S SHIPS
R2-D2 manages to break free and to throw an IG unit in space, before being discovered by Gha Nackt.
Gha Nackt: Removed your restraining bolt, have you? What were you up to?

ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACEAnakin Skywalker: R3, have you verified those coordinates on the search grid.
R3-S6 expresses that he hasn’t.
Anakin: Okay, let’s see what we can find. Activate long-range scanners.
R3-S6 activates the tracking beacon
Anakin: No, not the tracking beacon! Shut it down, R3! Shut it down!

REPUBLIC CRUISER
Ahsoka Tano: That’s Master Skywalker’s tracking beacon. What’s he doing? Rex, get a hold of as many men as you can.
Captain Rex: Right away, sir.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: A-ha! There’s our Jedi tracking beacon. Skywalker, now you have fallen into my trap!

ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE
Anakin Skywalker: Why do I have to do everything?
Shuts down tracking beacon.
Anakin: Let’s hope Grievous didn’t hear that.
Separatist Fleet comes out of hyperspace.
Anakin: Yeah, he heard it.
Separatist Fleet starts shooting at Anakin.
Anakin: Time to leave. Plot a course out of here and prep the hyperdrive engines.
R3-S6 drops the hyperdrive engines.
Anakin: What are you doing? I said, prep them, not drop them! Where’s R2 when I need him?

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Launch everything we have!
Random Droid: Sir, it’s only one fighter. He can’t escape.
Grievous: Everything!

ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE
Missiles are launched onto Anakin Skywalker. R3-S6 expresses his fear.
Anakin: I know. I know! Missiles. I hate missiles. We’re going on the offensive, R3. Get ready to cut the engines.
R3-S6 doesn’t do so.
Anakin: Will you just do what I tell you? 
Anakin cuts the engines and faces the Separatist Fighters, starts firing at them.
Anakin: Hit the stabilisers, R3.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
Random Droid:  Hey, that was clever.
General Grievous: Silence! Move the cruisers into attack position.

ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE
Anakin Skywalker: Alright, R3. Let’s get turned around before those fighters can catch up to us.
R3-S6 expresses his fear.
Anakin: You know, if this ship blows up, you go with it!
R3-S6 explains that the laser guns won’t fire.
Anakin: What do you mean, the laser guns won’t fire!
Ahsoka Tano finally arrives with Captain Rex.
Ahsoka Tano (Call from Space): Cargo bay doors open. You better get inside.
Anakin: I’d love to, but R3’s having a problem with the engines.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
General Grievous: Destroy those ships! Don’t let them get away!

AHSOKA TANO IN SPACE
Ahsoka Tano: Let’s give him some cover, boys.
Captain Rex: Yes, sir.
Anakin Skywalker avoids the shots and gets closer to Ahsoka’s ship.
Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): Steady. Almost there.
Anakin gets inside.
Anakin (Call): I’m inside. Now let’s get out of here, Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: Power it up, Rex. We’re going right between those tin cans.
They advance between the Separatist Fleet.
Ahsoka: Hit it, Rex.
They leave the battle.

SEPARATIST WARSHIP
Random Droid: Uh, they got away, sir.
General Grievous destroys the droid.

AHSOKA TANO AND ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE
Ahsoka Tano: Hey, Goldie. What did you think of your first adventure?
Anakin Skywalker: I’ll tell you what I think. I think I’m lucky to be alive!
R3-S6 gets sad and leaves.
Ahsoka: Great! Now you hurt his feelings.
Anakin: His feelings! What about R2? He’s still out there. I know it.
They return to the Republic Cruisers.