Narrator: You hold onto friends by keeping your heart a little softer than your head. Missing in action! Anakin Skywalker’s heroic droid navigator R2-D2 was lost in battle. When a desperate search fails to locate R2, Anakin is forced to take on a new navigator, R3-S6. Now the Jedi embark on a dangerous new mission… to find a secret enemy listening post. Meanwhile, R2-D2 has fallen into the hands of a vile droid smuggler and is on his way to General Grievous… who will surely plunder the Republic’s secrets hidden within him.


GHA NACKT’S SHIP
Gha Nackt: I am entering your orbit now, General. I will be at your station shortly. And, General…
General Grievous (Hologram): What is it, Gha Nackt?
Gha Nackt: I prefer to get my reward in cash.
Grievous grunts, Gha Nackt ends call.


TWILIGHT SHIP
Captain Rex: We’ve searched their supply grids, sir. There’s nothing to indicate the presence of an enemy outpost.


GHA NACKT’S SHIP
R2-D2 alters with Gha Nackt’s ship and manages to send a transmission to the Twilight.
Gha Nackt: Huh?


TWILIGHT SHIP
Ahsoka Tano: Master, I’m receiving a strange transmission. I can’t seem to make it out, though. Boost the volume, Goldie.
R3-S6 lowers the volume.
Ahsoka: No, you’re losing it.
R2-D2’s voice comes from the signal.
Anakin Skywalker: That’s R2.
Ahsoka: Uh, that doesn’t sound like R2.
Anakin. It’s him. I could never forget that voice. Trace it, Rex.
Rex: Sir.


GHA NACKT’S SHIP
Gha Nack tries stopping the signal.
Gha Nackt: What is going on here?
He discovers R2-D2’s actions.
Gha Nackt: You sneaky little scrap pile. 
He electrocutes R2-D2.
Gha Nackt: You’d better be worth all this trouble.


TWILIGHT SHIP
Ahsoka Tano: Master, our orders were to find the Separatist listening post.
Anakin Skywalker: Perhaps R2 is at the listening post. Did you consider that?
Captain Rex: We have a lock on the droid’s location, sir.
Anakin: Prepare to jump to those coordinates.
Random Clone: Yes, sir.
Anakin: Hold on, R2, old buddy.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Gha Nackt arrives and calls General Grievous.
General Grievous: What is it, Gha Nackt?
Gha Nackt: I’ve arrived. Could you lower your shields?
Gha Nackt lands, takes R2-D2 and meets Grievous.
Gha Nackt: Keep moving, grease spot.
Grievous: Aah.
Gha Nackt: This is the droid those Jedi came looking for, General.
Grievous: What secrets do you carry, my little friend?
R2-D2 expresses his contempt towards Grievous.
Grievous: So defiant. No need for fear. We’re all droids here. Rip this little rat apart, and find out everything he knows. 
Gha Nackt: Right away, General.


TWILIGHT SHIP
Captain Rex: Sir, the last transmission came from that moon’s upper atmosphere, directly ahead.
Anakin Skywalker: That’s a Separatist battle sphere.
Rex: I’m picking up a lot of encrypted chatter.
Anakin: Contact Obi-Wan. Stubby, scramble secret code set 1477. I don’t want that station to pick this up.
Obi-Wan Kenobi enters call via hologram.
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Anakin?
Anakin: Master, I believe we’ve found your Separatist listening post.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Excellent work. Back off and wait. I’ll send two mainline cruisers to help you destroy it.
Ahsoka Tano: But R2…
Anakin: We believe my droid, R2, is on board. He’s the one that led us here.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Hmmm, this complicates things. You must sneak aboard that station and destroy it before they crack R2’s memory banks. I know you’re fond of that droid, but he’s fallen into enemy hands.
Anakin: I could rescue R2.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): No, this is not a rescue mission.
Obi-Wan ends call.
Anakin: Keep jamming their scanners. If they spot us, we’re dead.


TWILIGHT SHIP DROP OFF
Captain Rex sees R3-S6 with them.
Captain Rex: We’re bringing the droid?
Ahsoka Tano: We’ll need Goldie to open secured hatches and access the station’s computer for us. Oh, and, Rex… you get to carry him.
Rex: Ah, that’s just great.
Ahsoka: Follow me, boys!
They parachute themselves out of the ship.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Random Droid: Take this upstairs, and be sure not to drop it.
Random Droid falls.
Random Droid: Whoa! Ow.
Random Droid: Those 631s are not the brightest lights on the ship.
Ahsoka Tano, Anakin Skywalker and Gold Squadron sneak into the Listening Post right behind them.


GOLD SQUADRON
They land on the Listening Post.
Captain Rex: Next time, you’re lugging this astromech around.
Other Clones laugh. Anakin Skywalker cuts a hole in the ground with his lightsaber and they get in.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Random Droid: All this moisture is corroding my servo-motors.
Random Droid: Go up to level eight. Get your head adjusted It feels great.
Random Droid: That’ll feel gr-
Random Clone destroys the Random Droid from behind.
Random Droid: What the…?
Random Droid gets shot at by Random Clone. Gold Squadron advance towards a closed door.
Ahsoka Tano: All right, stubby. Get to work.
R3-S6 projects a hologram of the Listening Post.
Captain Rex: We are here. The reactors are 30 levels below us, there.
Anakin Skywalker: Ahsoka, you take the squad and blow up those reactors. Gravity will do the rest. We’ll meet in the landing bay.
Ahsoka: Where are you going?
Anakin: I’m just going to have a little look around.
Ahsoka: I hope you find R2 in one piece.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Gha Nackt manages to crack open R2-D2’s memory. R2-D2 projects secret Republic information.
Gha Nackt: This is… This…! General Grievous!
General Grievous: What is it?
Gha Nackt: It appears this droid’s mission memory has never been erased. It contains every Republic formation and strategy they have.
Grievous: Good work. You certainly earned your fee this time.
Gha Nackt: More than my fee. This droid is worth more, I get paid more. Now, I suggest-
Grievous kills Gha Nackt with one of his lightsabers.
Grievous: There is your bonus.
Grievous receives a call from R3-S6.
Grievous: Report, agent R3. 
R3-S6 reveals the Jedi are here.
Grievous: The Jedi are here? Delay them until I arrive.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS
Ahsoka Tano sees R3-S6 is missing.
Ahsoka Tano: Goldie, where are you?
R3-S6 comes back to Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: What are you doing back here? Come on.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
General Grievous: Now we will transfer all your secrets to me.
R2-D2 expresses his fear.
Grievous: Don’t worry. I won’t let anything happen to you.
MagnaGuards arrive.
Grievous: Republic troops have infiltrated the base. Keep this droid secure. I will deal with the Jedi myself.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS
Captain Rex: We found the reactor room, sir. The alarm triggered another security door… ray-shielded
Ahsoka Tano: This could take a while to bypass.
Rex: Good luck with that.
Ahsoka: Go ahead, Goldie. Make me proud.
Rex: Oh, this’ll be good.
Random Clone: Those droids are getting close, sir.
Rex: Do you think R3’s going to open up that door any time soon?
Ahsoka: He’s working on it. Patience, Captain.
Rex: I can always hot-wire it, sir.
Ahsoka: Hurry up, Goldie.
Rex: I think we’ve run out of time
Random Droid: Blast’em
Droids start shooting, a battle begins. R3-S6 closes the door.
Ahsoka: Rex, droid poppers, now!
Rex: Droid poppers!
Rex throws droid poppers that de-activate the droids. 'General Grievous arrives.
General Grievous: Take the captured R2 unit to my ship. They sent a child to destroy my station? The Republic must be running out of Jedi.
Grievous activates his lightsaber.
Ahsoka: You must be General Grievous. He’s just another tinny, boys. Let’s scrap him like the rest.
A duel starts between Ahsoka and Grievous, he quickly defeats her. Grievous starts fighting Gold Squadron and quickly defeats them too. Ahsoka gets up, and stops him right before he’s about to kill Rex.
Ahsoka: Sorry to interrupt your playtime, grumpy, but wouldn’t you prefer a challenge?
Grievous: That wouldn’t be you.
Grievous activates another lightsaber, and the duel between them starts again. R3-S6 opens a door and escapes, Ahsoka follows him.
Grievous: All units, stay on high alert. Watch out for a second Jedi loose in the station.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Anakin Skywalker finds R2-D2
Anakin Skywalker: R2!
He engages into a fight with the droids securing R2-D2.
Anakin: Hang on, R2!
The droids escape with R2-D2.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS
General Grievous: Where is the fight that you promised me, youngling?
Ahsoka Tano is hiding. Captain Rex contacts her.
Captain Rex (Call): Ahsoka, it’s me, Rex. Should we abort the mission?
Ahsoka Tano: No, complete the mission. Set the charges and rendezvous at the landing bay.
Rex (Call): But, sir…
Ahsoka: That’s an order, Rex. I’ll keep the general busy.
(Rex to Gold Squadron: Ahsoka out. She’s distracting Grievous. Come on. We still got a job to do.)
Grievous: Come here, child. I’m looking for you. So far, you have failed to impress me.
Ahsoka: Goldie, over here.
R3-S6 turns his lights on.
Ahsoka: Goldie, no!
Grievous finds Ahsoka.
Rex (Call): Ahsoka, we’re in the reactor-
Grievous destroys the communicator.
Grievous: Your friends won’t help you. You’re stuck with me.
Ahsoka escapes, once again.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
Anakin Skywalker: You have something that belongs to me.
Him and the MagnaGuards fight, he destroys them, rescuing R2-D2, who also saves him from a surviving MagnaGuard.
Anakin: Thanks, R2. 
R2-D2 expresses his happiness to see him again.
Anakin: It’s great to see you too, buddy. You don’t look so good. You okay?
Anakin calls Gold Squadron.
Anakin: Rex? Rex, can you hear me? R3? R3, is that you? I’ve got R2. I’ll meet you back at the landing bay.
Anakin ends the call. R2-D2 asks about R3-S6.
Anakin: R3? Uh, yeah, I had to get a replacement droid.
R2-D2 expresses his jealousy.
Anakin: Look, sorry, R2. It was Obi-Wan’s idea. Look we’ll talk about this later.
Anakin contacts Twilight Ship.
Anakin: Twilight, this is Skywalker. Rendezvous at the south landing bay immediately for evacuation.
Random Clone (Call from Twilight): Acknowledged, General. I’m on my way.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
General Grievous: R3, what have you to report?
Ahsoka Tano understands R3-S6 has been a Separatist all along.
Ahsoka Tano: That stubby little backstabber.
R3-S6 tells Grievous Skywalker has got R2-D2 with him.
Grievous: So Skywalker has come for his R2 unit. Go and make certain they do not escape.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST SOUTH LANDING BAY
The Twilight lands.
Anakin Skywalker: Great, there’s the Twilight. Now where’s everyone else?
Random Clone: Sir.
R3-S6 arrives.
Anakin: Hey, Stubby, where’s Ahsoka?
Captain Rex and Gold Squadron arrive.
Captain Rex: General Skywalker. Explosives are in place, sir. Objective completed.
Anakin: Where is Ahsoka?
Rex: She engaged General Grievous
Anakin is shocked and fears the worst.
Anakin: Alone?
Rex: She distracted him while we completed the mission. It was on her orders, sir. The droid was with her.
Anakin: We’ve got to find her.
Rex: I can take you to her, sir.
R3-S6 locks all exits.
Anakin: What is the matter with you? Are you trying to get us killed?
A lot of droids are activated by R3-S6.
Rex: I’ve got a bad feeling about this, sir.
Anakin: That double-crossing droid is a spy.
They engage into a fight with the numerous droids.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST
General Grievous catches Ahsoka Tano by the throat, and takes her lightsaber.
General Grievous: Another lightsaber to add to my collection. My spy droid, R3, has trapped your precious master. When I’m finished with you, he’s next.
Ahsoka Tano: You’re wrong. He’s gone by now, and he’s going to blow up your precious spy station.
Grievous: Not this time.


SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST SOUTH LANDING BAY
Anakin Skywalker: Captain, trigger the explosives.
Captain Rex: But, sir, we’re still in the station.
Anakin: You just let me worry about the details.
Rex: Sir, yes, sir.
Rex triggers the explosives. Ahsoka Tano, on her side, uses the detonation to escape Grievous and join Gold Squadron. Grievous flees the Listening Post on his ship.
Anakin: R2, I need you to get the hangar door open. See if there are any controls on the outer platform.
Ahsoka joins the fight, and R3-S6 starts a duel with R2-D2.
Ahsoka Tano: So, what did I miss?
Anakin: Oh, the usual. It was foolish of you to take on Grievous by yourself.
Ahsoka: Well, I was leading the mission, and it seemed like a good idea at the time.
Anakin: Did he tell you your stubby little gold droid pal works for him?
Ahsoka: He might have mentioned it. I guess we were all fooled.
Rex: General Skywalker, there are fuel cells over here.
Anakin: Get ready, Rex.
R2-D2 manages to open the exit door.
Ahsoka: R2 did it.
Anakin: Of course he did it. Now let’s get out of here
They escape onboard the Twilight. Anakin sees R2-D2 is missing.
Anakin: R2, where are you?
Anakin takes his fighter and goes saving R2-D2, who is still fighting R3-S6.
Random Clone: General Skywalker has gotten into his fighter.
Rex: Where’s he going?
Ahsoka: He’s going after R2.
Anakin (Call from Fighter): I’ll be right back. Don’t wait for me.
R2-D2 defeats and kills R3-S6, Anakin arrives in his fighter.
Anakin: Come on, R2.
Anakin, R2-D2 and the Twilight escape. The Secret Listening Post crashes. It is destroyed.


TWILIGHT SHIP
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): So let me get this straight, Anakin. You risked the mission, all your men, even your Padawan, to save a droid.
Anakin Skywalker: R2 found the listening post, and he saved our lives. We couldn’t just leave him there, Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan (Hologram): Oh, Anakin. One day…
Ahsoka Tano: I’m glad we got R2 back, Master. But Obi-Wan does have a point.
Anakin: Ahsoka, I knew you would complete the mission. Besides, R2 is more than a droid. He’s a friend.