Narrator: Viceroy Gunray escapes! En route to Coruscant to stand trial for war crimes, evil Separatist leader Nute Gunray has broken free of his Jedi escort. With the help of Count Dooku's sinister agents, the villainous viceroy has made a daring getaway. Alerted to the bold prison break, Jedi Master Kit Fisto has traced the stolen ship to a remote system, hoping to recapture Gunray and return him to justice.
Kit Fisto: I know we're in the middle of nowhere, R6, but that's the Republic beacon we're looking for. Contact the Outer Rim command. Master Luminara, I have tracked the location of our stolen ship to the Vassek system.
Master Luminara (Hologram): So has your old Padawan, Nahdar Vebb. He's already on the surface.
Kit Fisto: It'll be great to see Nahdar again.
Ahsoka Tano (Hologram): I'll transmit the coordinates for the rendezvous point. And Master Fisto, sorry we lost that slimy double-dealer.
Kit Fisto: Don't worry, Ahsoka, we'll catch Gunray yet.
Ahsoka Tano (Hologram): Good hunting.
Kit Fisto: Well, I can't see anything either. You'll be fine, R6. Just keep a lookout for me, okay? Nahdar. Congratulations on passing the trials. I'm sorry the war prevented me from seeing your traing through to the end.
Nahdar Vebb: You were missed, Master, but it is an honor to finally serve beside you as a Knight.
Commander Fil: General, we've pinpointed the tracking beacon's location to the south end of the gorge.
Kit Fisto: Then let's have a look.
Nahdar Vebb: Allow me to show the way.
Kit Fisto: Charming. Let's not keep the Viceroy waiting.
Commander Fil: Niner, Bel, look after the ships.
Niner and Bel: Yes, sir.
Kit Fisto: No guards? That's odd.
Nahdar Vebb: The entrance looks sealed.
Commander Fil: We specialize in making entrances.
Nahdar Vebb: This will make less noise.
Kit Fisto: Patience, the both of you. A second look usually pays off. What's this? I sense there's something here.
Commander Fil: Scanners are negative, General.
Niner: Well, that was something.
Nute Gunray: All droids stay on guard. Be ready for anything.
Battle Droids: Roger, roger.
Nute Gunray: Double shifts for everyone.
Battle Droid: Uh, Viceroy?
Nate Gunray: You must protect me at all costs.
Battle Droid: Uh, Viceroy, the Jedi are here.
Nate Gunray: I know they're near. Once those Jedi pick up my trail, they never leave me alone.
Battle Droid: They're right behind you.
Nate Gunray: What? Where? Do something. You! Blast them!
Kit Fisto: I didn't forget to teach you restraint, did I, my old Padawan?
Nahdar Vebb: I am sorry, Master. I got carried away.
Kit Fisto: Those who have power should restrain themselves from using it.
Nate Gunray: Lieutenant. Did you get them?
Nahdar Vebb: No, but we have you, Viceroy.
Nate Gunray (Hologram): You have nothing, Jedi fools. I welcome you to your doom. (Laughs) (Calls off)
Nahdar Vebb: The tracking beacon. They knew we were coming.
Kit Fisto: I should have known Gunray wasn't here. At the first sight of us, he would have run off screaming like the coward he is.
Count Dooku (Hologram): I apologize for the deception, Master Jedi.
Kit Fisto: Count Dooku. You have a great talent for unexpected appearances.
Count Dooku (Hologram): It's a shame you came so far to be frustrated. While the Viceroy is unavailable for capture, allow me to offer you an alternative prize. (Calls off)
Commander Fil: This has got to be a trap.
Kit Fisto: It looks like Dooku is trying to catch someone, and we're the bait.
Nahdar Vebb: But who has the trap been set to catch? Shall we find out?
Kit Fisto: This place looks like a shrine to that strange warrior. This is the lair of General Grievous.
General Grievous: Yes, my lord?
Count Dooku (Hologram): General, the ongoing stalemate in the war has become unacceptable. There is concern you have lost your focus. Lord Sidious demands more dramatic results, more dead Jedi.
General Grievous: You expect victory over Jedi, but all you give me to fight them is battle droids.
Nahdar Vebb: These must be trophies taken from the Jedi he's murdered. There are so many.
Kit Fisto: Why would Dooku want to set a trap for his best General?
Nahdar Vebb: Are we the bait, or is Grievous the bait?
Kit Fisto: We must consider who this trap is for.
Bel: General, your droid is tracking an incoming ship. It matches a description of General Grievous' fighter. It's headed our way.
Kit Fisto: Keep out of sight and stand by for further orders.
Nahdar Vebb: Capturing Grievous could turn the tide of the war.
Commander Fil: And if he doesn't know we're here, we could take him down easy.
Kit Fisto: Don't underestimate him. We'll need a plan.
General Grievous: Guards? Gore? Gore, where are you?
Kit Fisto: Welcome home, General. I'm afraid I must request your surrender. Cooperate, Grievous, and perhaps the Senate will be merciful.
General Grievous: It is you who shall get no mercy.
Kit Fisto: Cables!
Commander Fil: Don't let him go! We got him.
Kit Fisto: Don't let him cut the lines!
Commander Fil: Hold him.
Nahdar Vebb: Don't make me destroy you.
General Grievous: Come and get me.
Nahdar Vebb: Cut him off!
Commander Fil: Where'd he go?
Nahdar Vebb: The clones got in the way. I could have taken him.
Kit Fisto: Let's take care of our wounded.
General Grievous: Doctor, where are you?
EV-A4-D: Don't be upset with me, master. If you were a better fighter, we would not be having this conversation. Look what you let those Jedi do to you. You're a walking scrap pile. What a mess. It's going to take me forever to get you back into decent shape. I'll go fetch your spare parts.
General Grievous: What happened to my bodyguards?
EV-A4-D: They were remotely deactivated for recharge. I thought you did it.
General Grievous: Lock down the perimeter.
Nahdar Vebb: Let me go after Grievous myself, Master.
Kit Fisto: Patience, Nahdar. You may no longer be a Padawan, but you are not ready to take on Grievous. It's time we retreated.
General Grievous: You are not going anywhere.
Kit Fisto: It looks like we're going to have to fight after all.
Commander Fil: Green scout to watcher base.
Bel: Copy.
Commander Fil: This is watcher base, over. Contact the fleet at Besteene. Inform them we've engaged Grievous and require reinforcements.
Bel: Right away, sir. Better warm up the shuttle's long-range transmitter.
Kit Fisto: Get out of there, R6, now! R6? R6?
General Grievous (Hologram): You've run out of time.
Kit Fisto: Why don't you come out, General? Show us some of that Separatist hospitality.
General Grievous (Hologram): Patience. In the meantime, please experience all my home has to offer. It has been prepared for uninvited guests like you.
Kit Fisto: General, I know you're watching. We've seen the lower levels of your home. We're not impressed.
General Grievous: (Laughs) Good, Jedi, good. You will provide some sport for me yet. Gore, time to entertain our guests.
Kit Fisto: Stand firm. There might be worse things here than Grievous.
Commander Fil: It looks like you're right about that, sir.
General Grievous: Good-bye, Jedi.
Ev-A4-D: Master, the armor patches are getting cold, and contrary to your belief, I do have other things to do. Proceed with my repair.
General Grievous: Proceed with my repair.
EV-A4-D: Sometimes I wonder why you submitted to the changes.
General Grievous: Improvements. I submit to no one. I chose them. Now get on with it.
EV-A4-D: There may be some discomfort.
Nahdar Vebb: Shoot him, commander! Grievous is going to pay for this. I will destroy him.
Kit Fisto: I understand your pain, but you forget your teachings, Nahdar. Revenge is not the Jedi way.
Nahdar Vebb: But in this war, strength prevails. The rules have changed.
Kit Fisto: Perhaps you are the one who has changed. Come now, we need to keep moving.
General Grevious: Let's see if Gore is finished playing with the Jedi. Huh? Where are they? Gore?
EV-A4-D: Master, you have an incoming transmission from Count Dooku.
Count Dooku (Hologram): General, I understand the Jedi have infiltrated your lair. Your recent defeats at their hands have shaken my faith in your ability to lead the droid army. I'm sure you can understand my need to reassess your effectiveness.
General Grievous: You! You deactivated my guards. You let the Jedi in here so you would test me.
Count Dooku (Hologram): I do hope you emerge victorious.
General Grievous: Ha!
Count Dooku: It's time for you to prove-- (Calls off)
General Grievous: Oops. All right, Count. I'll play your little game.
EV-A4-D: In your condition, you need your rest.
General Grievous: I will rest when the Jedi are dead.
Nahdar Vebb: You were right, Master. That exit must lead to the control room.
EV-A4-D: Oh, what have we here? The uninvited guests.
Kit Fisto: Let's go.
EV-A4-D: Master, the Jedi are about to enter the control room.
Kit Fisto: Nahdar, inside, hurry!
Nahdar Vebb: No, you go. I will hold him off.
Kit Fisto: There's no time to argue.
Nahdar Vebb: We can't just run. We must finish him.
Kit Fisto: Nahdar, hurry!
Nahdar Vebb: I have been waiting for this.
Kit Fisto: Nahdar!
General Grievous: Greetings, young Jedi. Where is your Master?
EV-A4-D: How exciting.
Nahdar Vebb: You will find out soon enough. You can't defeat us all.
General Grievous: Of course I can.
EV-A4-D: Get him, master. Kill him. Wait. Where's the other Jedi? Oh, no.
Nahdar Vebb: No.
General Grievous: I will kill you all. Do you hear me, Jedi?
Kit Fisto: R6? Is that you? Meet me at the south landing platform. I'll be right there.
General Grievous: I'm coming for you next, Fisto.
Kit Fisto: I'll be gone by the time you get here. R6, I'm at the platform. Where are you?
General Grievous: Going somewhere? Huh?
Kit Fisto: You might have been a proud warrior once, but now you're just a pawn in Dooku's game.
General Grievous: I wield great power, Jedi fool.
Kit Fisto: That power will only consume you.
General Grievous: How quickly power can change hands. Surrender, and I promise you will die quickly. Stop him!
Kit Fisto: Let's go home, R6.
General Grievous: Count Dooku, the Jedi have been defeated.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Victory over the clones and the young Jedi was expected, but to best a Jedi Master This is truly an accomplishment worthy of recognition.
General Grievous: The Jedi Fisto escaped.
Count Dooku (Hologram): So there is room for improvement. (Calls off)
Mace Windu: What about your former Padawan?
Kit Fisto: His heart was in the right place, but he tried to answer Grievous' power with his own.
Yoda: To answer power with power, the Jedi way this is not. In this war, a danger there is of losing who we are.
[End of Lair of Grievous]