Narrator: As the war escalates in the Outer Rim, the Jedi knights are spread thinly across the galaxy. Many new clones are rushed into service to support their Jedi generals. Unfortunately, because of the relentless demands of battle, many young clones must join the struggle before their intensive training has been completed. These clones, manning of a whole network of tracking stations, are all that stands between the Republic and invasion.
Sentry: This is the deck officer checking in. Nothing going on. As usual.
Woman: You're listening to the grand army of the Republic broadcast. The voice of the Outer Rim. This next one goes out to the med-jumpers of the 224th. Smugging it out on Membom. Keep your heads down and your seals tight, boys.
Hevy: Yes! Who's next? Fives?
Fives: Shouldn't you watching your scopes, Hevy?
Hevy: Let's take a look. Well, you know? All clear. Just like the last thousand times I looked at it.
Echo: Personally, I like that it's so quiet out here. I can catch up on the reg manuals.
Hevy: Echo, what is wrong with you? We should be out on the front lines, blasting droids.
Cutup: Leave him alone. They kept him in his growth jar too long.
Hevy: Yeah. You may not realize it yet, Fives, but you landed on the most boring post in the Outer Rim.
Droidbait: And one of the most important.
Cutup: Attention! Sergeant on deck!
Sergeant O'Niner: At ease! Even though you're all new here, I shouldn't have to remind you that this quadrant is key to the Outer Rim. If the droids get past this station, they can surprise-attack the facilities where we were born on our home world of Kamino. There are some officers on the way, so I want everything squared away for inspection. Understood?
Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Still here, Anakin.
Anakin Skywalker: When was the last time you slept? I'll sleep after we find general Grievous. Clone intelligence spotted him in the Balmorra system. That was weeks ago. Since then, he vanished.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Well, unlike you, maybe he's getting some much-need rest.
Wullf Yularen: Excuse me, general. Incoming transmission from commander Cody.
Commander Cody (Hologram): General Kenobi, General Skywalker.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Cody. How goes the inspections?
Commander Cody (Hologram): The tracking station in Pastil is fully operational. Captain Rex and I are proceeding to the outpost in the Rishi system.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Good. Report back once you've arrived.
Commander Cody (Hologram): Copy that. Cody out. (Calls off)
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Good man, that Cody. Don't worry, Anakin. If general Grievous comes anywhere near this quadrant, we'll know about it.
Sentry: Sir, incoming meteor shower.
Sergeant O'Niner: Raise the shield.
Cutup: You wanted excitement, Hevy.
Echo: Right. Meteor shower.
Clone Trooper: What the--
Commando Droid: Get these doors open.
Commando Droids: Roger, roger.
Sergeant O'Niner: CT-327, report in. Sentry, do you copy?
Clone Trooper: Interference from the meteors?
Hevy: I don't see him down there, sarge. You two, go find him.
Clone Trooper: Droids!
Sergeant O'Niner: Sound the alarm!
Hevy: They've disabled the beacon.
Sergeant O'Niner: Get a message to the fleet! We have to warn--
Hevy: Sarge!
Echo: That should slow those buckets down.
Hevy: This way. Hurry!
Cutup: No, we can--
Hevy: There's too many.
Commando Droid (Hologram): The outpost is secure, general. We shut down the alarm and turned on the all-clear signal.
General Grievous: Excellent. Keep that signal alive. I don't want the Republic to find out we're coming.
Battle Droid: General, our spy on Kamino is making contact.
Asajj Ventress (Hologram): All the preparations for your invasion are in order.
General Grievous: Good. Our fleet is approaching the system. We are almost at the rendezvous point.
Asajj Ventress: Very good, my Lord. I will await your arrival.
General Grievous: The destruction of Kamino will stop their production of clones for good.
Commander Cody: Rishi outpost, this is commander Cody. Do you copy? Rishi outpost, please respond.
Commando Droid: Open, open Open comlink channel.
Commander Cody: Rishi outpost, come in. Rishi outpost, come in.
Sergeant O'Niner: Sorry, commander. We're, experiencing technical difficulties.
Commander Cody: This is the inspection team.
Sergeant O'Niner: Inspection? Negative, negative. We, do not require an inspection. Everything is fine here. Thank you.
Commander Cody: We'll be the judge of that. Prepare for our arrival.
Sergeant O'Niner: Roger, roger.
Captain Rex: Something's not right here.
Commander Cody: Well, good luck. I'm putting you in charge of this one.
Fives: What do we do without the sarge?
Sentry: The reg manual says the next--
Hevy: Wait. Wait. Did you hear that?
Echo: Yeah, what is that? It doesn't sound like droids.
Hevy: Don't forget about those giant eels.
Echo: I've never seen-- Cutup! What the hell was that?
Sentry: That was an eel. Now, that's why we have the regulation not to go outside.
Echo: Let's move before it comes back.
Sentry: Poor Cutup.
Echo: Look! It's commander Cody. It's the inspection team.
Commander Cody: This is not good. I don't see the deck officer anywhere.
Captain Rex: These boys are sloppy. There should always be an officer on duty.
Echo: We have to warn them. Get on the comlink.
Captain Rex: I have a bad feeling about this.
Sergeant O'Niner: Welcome to Rishi, Commander. As you can see, the outpost is operating at peak efficiency. Thank you for visiting, and have a safe trip back.
Commander Cody: We need to inspect the base just the same.
Sergeant O'Niner: There is no need. Everything is fine and fully operational.
Sentry: It's no good. Their comlinks are on a different scramble set.
Hevy: I'll signal them with this flare.
Captain Rex: Take us to the Sergeant in command.
Sergeant O'Niner: Roger, roger.
Commander Cody: A droid attack flare? Rex! What the heck are you doing?
Captain Rex: Relax. Just as I thought. Looks like one of those new commando droids.
Commander Cody: That flare must have come from the survivors.
Captain Rex: Ambush!
Commander Cody: Those clankers have tough armor.
Captain Rex: We're cut off. Off the platform!
Commander Cody: Copy that.
Commando Droid: No sign of them. They must have been pulverized. Resume defensive posts.
Captain Rex: Well, that sure complicates things, commander. No worse than that time on Tibrin. We had Jedi with us on Tibrin.
Commander Cody: They helped.
Captain Rex: Hands above your head. Take your sun bonnets off.
Commander Cody: Sir?
Captain Rex: Take 'em off! Now!
Echo: Nice shot.
Captain Rex: The name's Rex. But you'll call me Captain or sir.
Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
Commander Cody: I'm Commander Cody, your new boss.
Fives: My designation is trooper 27-5555, sir.
Hevy: We call him Fives. I'm Hevy. This is Echo.
Commander Cody: Where's your Sergeant?
Echo: Dead, sir. We're all that's left.
Captain Rex: Looks like we got ourselves a batch of shinies, Commander.
Echo: Shinies, sir?
Captain Rex: That's right. Your armor, it's shiny and new, just like you.
Sentry: Sir, me and my batchers are trained and ready. We'll take back our post, shiny or not.
Captain Rex: There's hope for you yet, rookie.
Wullf Yularen: Commander Cody, do you copy? Captain Rex, please respond.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: They should have checked in from the Rishi station hours ago. It appears your captain follows orders as well as you do.
Anakin Skywalker: Perhaps Cody is boring Rex with standard procedures and protocol.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: We need to work on our own boring procedures and figure out a strategy to find Grievous.
Anakin Skywalker: Right. Admiral, let me know if you hear from Rex.
Captain Rex: Look sharp, rookies. As long as those tweezers occupy this post, our home planet of Kamino is at risk.
Sentry: But there's so many of them.
Captain Rex: Doesn't matter, kid. We have to retake this base, so we will retake this base.
Commander Cody: How do you propose we get through those blast doors, Rex, old boy?
Captain Rex: I have a few ideas.
Comamndo Droid: What is that? Unit 2-6, is that you?
Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
Commando Droid: You sound strange. Is something wrong with your vocabulator?
Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
Commando Droid: Take off your helmet. Let me see your faceplate.
Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
Commander Cody: This is never gonna work.
Commando Droid: Clones!
Captain Rex: Roger, roger. Right. Let's move.
Echo: Permission to take point, sir?
Captain Rex: I'm always first, kid.
Echo: Fives!
Commander Cody: He's okay. Focus on the battle.
Echo: I got one!
Sentry: Sorry, Echo. I jumped that one.
Echo: Like hell you did.
Commander Cody: Get to the window. It looks like we have more visitors.
Echo: It looks like a Separatist fleet.
Commander Cody: That's why they commandeered the outpost. They're mounting a full-scale invasion.
Captain Rex: We have to warn command.
Battle Droid: The Republic base is still transmitting the all-clear signal, but for some reason, our commando droids are not responding.
General Grievous: That base cannot be allowed to alert the Jedi that we're coming. Send down reinforcements to investigate.
Hevy: Those clankers sabotaged our transmitter, and hard-wired the all-clear signal. It'll take time to repair.
Captain Rex: We don't have time. Look.
Fives: Well, buddy, you always said you wanted to be on the front lines.
Hevy: We can't protect the outpost long against that army of clankers.
Captain Rex: Then we'll destroy the outpost instead.
Hevy: But, sir, our mission is to defend this facility at all costs.
Captain Rex: We have to warn the Republic about the invasion. They'll take notice when the all-clear signal stops.
Fives: That's right. When they stop receiving our beacon, they'll get the message something's wrong.
Captain Rex: We'll need every thermal detonator in the inventory.
Fives: It'll take more than a few detonators to destroy this outpost.
Echo: We can use the LT. This moon freezes for over half the year. We use Liquid Tibanna as fuel to heat the base.
Fives: Liquid Tibanna: highly explosive.
Captain Rex: Good. Bring the tanks here and prime the detonators. All right, listen up. There's only one target of interest in this sector: Kamino. It's the closest thing we clones have to a home. Today we fight for more than the Republic. Today we fight for all our brothers back home. Understood?
Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
Hevy: I think we can even the odds a bit, Commander, especially since they don't know we're here. This one here is mine. Big gun doesn't make a big man.
Battle Droid: Reinforcements reporting. Open up.
Hevy: Didn't say please.
Battle Droid: Clones! Get 'em!
Hevy: We could use a Jedi about now.
Wullf Yularen: Captain Rex, come in. Commander Cody, are you there? General, there's still no response.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: How about the all-clear signal? Is the base still transmitting?
Wullf Yularen: Yes, sir.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: If something were wrong, Cody would contact us.
General Grevious: What is the status of the base?
Battle Droid: We've run into some difficulties. There seem to be a few clones left, sir.
General Grevious: Then wipe them out. We can't let a few puny clones stop us.
Commander Cody: Fall back to the op center. Move! Rex, time's wasting.
Captain Rex: Almost ready. The handset isn't linked up with the detonator. Hevy.
Hevy: Yes, sir.
Captain Rex: This detonator isn't working.
Hevy: I'll take care of it. It'll be fixed in no time. You guys get out of here.
Captain Rex: Just make it fast. Those droids are getting close.
Hevy: There. That should fix it. This isn't good. There's got to be another way.
Battle Droid: The base is ours again, sir. The clones are fleeing.
Battle Droid Commander: Cowards. Secure the area.
Captain Rex: Hevy, hit the-- Where's Hevy?
Hevy: I'm on it, sir.
Captain Rex: Hevy, get out of there.
Hevy: The remote isn't working. I have to detonate it manually.
Battle Droid: Hold on there. Blast him!
Captain Rex: Hevy.
Commander Cody: We've got to get up there. Back to the maintenance pipe.
Captain Rex: Let's move.
Hevy: It's no use. I know what I have to do.
Captain Rex: I don't like your tone, rookie. Soldier, come in. Are you there? Soldier, come in! Respond!
Commander Cody: Hevy, come in. Come in, Hevy!
Battle Droid: Do we take prisoners?
Hevy: I don't.
Echo: Hevy always did hate that place.
Wullf Yularen: The all-clear signal has been disabled? The Rishi base has stopped transmitting.
Anakin Skywalker: Grievous.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Sound the invasion alarm. Let's get the fleet under way.
General Grievous: I didn't tell them to blow up the station.
Battle Droid: But isn't it good that the base is destroyed?
General Grievous: Idiot! The Republic fleet. We're outgunned. Get us out of here.
Fives: We've got those tinnies on the run. Thanks to Hevy. Gunships.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: On behalf of the Republic, we thank you for your valiant service, and we honor your comrade's sacrifice.
Anakin Skywalker: Your new unit is lucky to have you. I'd be proud to fight beside you anytime, anywhere.
Captain Rex: Congratulations. You're not shinies anymore.
Echo: With all due respect, sir, we failed our mission. We don't deserve this honor.
Commander Cody: No, if it weren't for you, the Republic wouldn't have learned of the Separatists' invasion until it was too late.
Captain Rex: You showed me something today. You're exactly the kind of men I need in the 501st.
Echo and Fives: Sir, yes, sir!
[End of Rookies]