Narrator: Easy is the path to wisdom for those not blinded by ego. A deadly weapon unleashed! The Separatist battleship “Malevolence” advances unopposed through Republic space, tearing apart any ship that stands in its path. After a daring rescue and narrow escape, Anakin Skywalker prepares a counterattack on the enemy ship and its diabolical droid commander, General Grievous…


REPUBLIC WARSHIP
Admiral Yularen: This strike force has been commissioned by the Senate to hunt down the enemy’s new battleship. As the bulk of our fleets are engaged on the front lines, we’ll be on our own. General Skywalker has prepared our attack strategy.
Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Admiral. 
Malevolence hologram appears. 
Anakin: While our capital ships are vulnerable to the enemy’s attack, I believe a squad of bombers can outmanoeuvre their ion weapon. Our target will be the bridge and General Grievous.
Matchstick: The head clanker. Skywalker’s getting pretty ambitious.
Anakin: Our bombers will attack at high speed to evade the enemy’s ion weapon. We’ll concentrate our firepower on the bridge superstructure, here. We destroy General Grievous and the ship will fall with him. Any questions?
Matchstick: Just tell us where that metal head is, sir.
Broadside: Yeah, we’ve been waiting for a chance to take him out.
Anakin: Alright, men, settle down. We destroy Grievous, we can bring the war to a quicker end. Pilots, prepare your bombers.
End of the explanation, Plo Koon and Ahsoka Tano arrive.
Plo Koon: Skywalker, this is an aggressive plan. Are you sure your squadron can complete this mission?
Anakin: Let’s ask them. Matchstick! You think our boys can pull it off?
Matchstick: Yes, sir! There hasn’t been a mission Shadow Squadron couldn’t complete. That’s right. Minimal casualties, maximum effectiveness. That’s us.
Plo Koon: I admire your confidence, pilot. Even so, minimal casualties may be enough to prevent you from breaking Grievous’ defences.
Ahsoka Tano: Master Plo is right. With Grievous on that ship’s bridge, it’s bound to be well protected.
Anakin: Don’t worry, Ahsoka. We’ll destroy that bridge, and Grievous along with it.
Plo Koon: Master Skywalker seems to inspire great confidence in his men.
Ahsoka: He does lead by example.


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: So much for the Jedi escort.
Random Droid: The last transport is fleeing, General. You’ve got them on the run.
Grievous: They won’t get far. Charge the plasma rotors!


LAST TRANSPORT
Random Clone: They’re moving to attack position, sir.
Random Clone: Still setting the coordinates.
Random Clone: Are we clear to make the jump to hyperspace?


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Fire ion weapon!


LAST TRANSPORT
Random Clone: We’ve lost all power!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: Boy, this is a lot more fun when they’re not shooting back.
Random Droid: I still can’t seem to hit anything.
General Grievous destroys the droid.
Count Dooku (Hologram): Grievous, those battle droids are expensive. The Jedi are never that harsh with their clones.
Grievous: The care these Jedi show for their troops is a weakness.
Dooku (Hologram): A weakness we shall continue to exploit. I have the coordinates for a new target.
Republic’s secret Outer Rim Medical Station Hologram appears.
Dooku (Hologram): The Republic’s secret Outer Rim medical station. It is unprotected and treating over 60,000 wounded clones. We will do them a favour and put them out of their misery. Once you have destroyed it, there will be nowhere for the Jedi to send their wounded, and they will die.
Grievous: It will be a pleasure, my lord.
Dooku (Hologram): I feel very confident leaving the ship under your command, General.
Dooku Hologram disappears.
Escape pods appear from the last transport.
Random Droid: General!
Grievous: Target those escape pods! I have a reputation to uphold.


REPUBLIC WARSHIP
Ahsoka Tano: Which one’s mine?
Anakin Skywalker: You’re with me. You’ll be my gunner.
Ahsoka acts deceived.
Anakin: Somebody’s got to watch my back.
Ahsoka: Broadside could do that. Besides, you have R2.
Anakin: But I so enjoy your company, my Padawan.
Ahsoka: Just admit it. You don’t like my flying.
Anakin: Well, no, I… No, it’s not that. It’s just I…
Plo Koon and Admiral Yularen arrive.
Plo Koon: Skywalker. The enemy warship has attacked our convoy of medical transports near Ryndellia.
Ahsoka: Medical transports? Only General Grievous would go after clones who can’t fight back.
Anakin: The Ryndellia system… Near Naboo! Isn’t that where our medical base is? I’ll bet that will be his next target.
Plo Koon: There are many star clusters in that area. With a ship that big, he will be unable to chart a course that’s less than 10 parsecs.
Anakin: Looks like we’re gonna have to take a shortcut. Admiral, warn that station what’s coming.
Plo Koon: This journey may be treacherous. If you lose any ships before you reach the target…
Anakin: We won’t lose anybody.
Plo Koon: I will come along and fly fighter escort.
Anakin: Any help is welcome, Master Plo. Just try not to fall behind.
Anakin and Admiral Yularen leave.
Ahsoka: I had a feeling you’d be coming along. Your ship has already been prepped.


SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION
Nala Se: Even if we had the transports, it is not possible to evacuate all of our wounded in time.
Admiral Yularen (Hologram): You must try. You won’t stand a chance against that battleship.
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Nala Se, I only just received word. I’ve contacted the Naboo. They are sending ships to help you. And I am on my way, as well.
Nala Se: Thank you, Master Jedi.
Holograms disappear.
Random Clone: Even if they reach us in time, do you really think they’re going to stop that thing?
Nala Se: It is our only hope.


REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE
Admiral Yularen: Launch the fighters.


SHADOW SQUADRON
Obi-Wan Kenobi (Call from Ship): I hope you know what you’re doing, Anakin.
Anakin Skywalker: Well, if I don’t, I won’t be around to hear the “I told you so.”
Obi-Wan (Call): That’s reassuring. Well, take your shortcut, and I’ll take the long way. But you better be there before I arrive.
Anakin: I’ll be there, Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan ends call.
Anakin: Shadow Squadron, tighten formation. Call in.
Shadow 2: Shadow 2, standing by.
Shadow 3: Shadow 3, standing by.
Shadow 4: Shadow 4, standing by.
R2-D2 speaks to Ahsoka.
Ahsoka Tano: I know R2. This is gonna be a tough one.
Anakin: Cut the chatter, Ahsoka.
Sadow 11: Shadow 11, standing by.
Shadow 12: Shadow 12, standing by.
Fighter Escort and Plo Koon arrive.
Plo Koon: Fighter escort ready.
Admiral Yularen (Call from Ship): This is Admiral Yularen. You are cleared for hyperspace jump. Good hunting, sir.
Anakin: Thanks, Admiral. Alright boy, let’s go.
Matchstick: Broadside, if we make it through this one, drinks are on me.
Broadside: I can already taste it.


MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE
General Grievous: What’s taking so long? I want to get there before too many wounded clones escape.
Random Droid: Sorry, sir. The navicomputer has had to calculate a complex course around a large nebula near the medical station.
Grievous: They told me this ship was fast!


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Shadow Squadron and Fighter Escort leave hyperspace.
Anakin Skywalker: Okay, if we can just manage to navigate through my shortcut, we’ll be alright.
Plo Koon: A nebula can be very unpredictable. I advise caution.
Matchstick: Don’t worry about us, Master Jedi. We can hold our own. Right, Shadow Squadron?
Random Clone: Copy that, Shadow 2
Ahsoka Tano: Does anyone care what the Padawan thinks?
Anakin: Of course we care, Snips! But we’re still going through that nebula.
R2-D2 conforts Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: Thanks, R2.


SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION
Random Clone: The evacuation is proceeding slowly, madam.
Nala Se: We will have to move the patients in stable condition first. The more critically injured will have to wait.
Random Clone: What about the batch tanks? Many of those men can’t be moved at all.
Nala Se: I know, Commander. Guide the patients that can be moved onto transports as quickly as you can.
Random Clone: At once, madam.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Matchstick: This soup is thick. Can you see anything?
Anakin Skywalker: Just keep your eyes on my thruster, Shadow 2.
Ahsoka Tano: They’ll have to. The scanners are useless.
Anakin: This is old-fashioned flying. You have to feel your way through to stay on course.
Plo Koon: Skywalker is right, Ahsoka. Clear your mind, young one, and you will see the path.
Ahsoka: Right now, I can’t see anything at all.
Broadside: I always know where I’m going.
Matchstick: Yeah? Where’s that, Broadside?
Broadside: I’m going to blow up that battleship.
Plo Koon: A clear path if ever there was one.


MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE
Random Droid: Sir, the navicomputer indicates we only have one parsec to go.
General Grievous: Good. We will maximise our casualties with this attack.
Random Droid: General, there’s an incoming transmission from Count Dooku.
Count Dooku Hologram appears.
Count Dooku (Hologram): General Grievous, I have received intelligence from Lord Sidious. The Republic has launched a small strike force to attack the Malevolence.
Grievous: Let the Republic come! Our ship is unstoppable!
Dooku (Hologram): Skywalker is leading the mission. Do not underestimate him.
Grievous: I assure you, Count, if anything, it is Skywalker who will underestimate this ship and its power.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Ahsoka Tano: So Skyguy, how did you know about this shortcut?
Anakin Skywalker: It’s an old smuggler’s route. The pilots used to talk about it on Tatooine.
Ahsoka: Smuggler’s route? Ha! That makes me feel better!
Anakin: They call it Balmorra Run.
Plo Koon: Balmorra Run?
Ahsoka: I think I’m picking up a contact.
Plo Koon: Skywalker! Listen to me! We need to turn around!
Anakin: We can’t. Not if we’re gonna catch Grievous.
Ahsoka: Another contact! This one’s much larger.
Plo Koon: Skywalker! Balmorra’s the nesting ground of the giant Nearby mantas!
Ahsoka: Another? Another!
Many giant Nearby mantas appear.
Anakin: Take evasive action!
Ahsoka: Those gas-gulpers are huge!
Plo Koon: Don’t shoot, or they’ll panic!
Ahsoka: They’ll panic? I’m about to panic! There are so many of them!
Matchstick hits a giant Nearby manta.
Matchstick: I’m hit! My stabiliser’s out!
Anakin: Pull it together, Matchstick!
Matchstick fixes the issue.
Matchstick: I’m okay. I got it.
Ahsoka: These things are gonna make a meal out of us!
Anakin: All wings, line up behind me!
Random Clone: Roger that, boss.
Plo Koon: Hurry! They will not follow us beyond the nebula.
Ahsoka: That one looks hungry.
Anakin: Nah, it’s just smiling at you.
Ahsoka: We’re coming out of it!
They come out of the nebula.
Ahsoka: Let’s hope your shortcut paid off.
Anakin: We’re not far behind Grievous now.


REPUBLIC WARSHIPS
Admiral Yularen: The medical station reports 50% of patients evacuated.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That’s not good enough. They’ll never be finished before the enemy arrives.
Admiral Yularen: General Skywalker still has a chance to catch Grievous.
Obi-Wan: If he does, we have to be ready.
Admiral Yularen: Yes, sir.
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FLIGHT ESCORT
Plo Koon: Shadow 2, what is the damage to your ship?
Matchstick: Just a scratch, sir.
Plo Koon: We must not take any more unnecessary risks. If we lose even a single ship, our mission is that much closer to failure.
Anakin Skywalker: Understood, Master Plo. But we didn’t lose any ships, and I didn’t…
Random Clone: Sir, another contact!
Ahsoka Tano: I thought those things wouldn’t follow us.
Random Clone: Not following, coming out of hyperspace. It’s a ship. It’s the Malevolence.


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: A squadron of Republic fighters is approaching.
General Grievous: Skywalker! Launch fighters and bring the ship around.
Random Droid: There are several medical transports surrounding the station.
Grievous: Target the transports first! I want every single ship destroyed!
Random Droid: Roger, roger.
Malevolence fires ion canon on transports and starts shooting at them.
Grievous: Ha! This is too easy!


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Ahsoka Tano: We’ve got fighters coming in!
Fighters arrive, space battle starts.
Anakin Skywalker: Hold it steady. Come on, hold it steady.


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Charge the ion cannon and prepare to fire!
Random Droid: But, sir, our fighters will be caught in the blast.
Grievous: Fire at my command!


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Anakin Skywalker: Get those fighters off of us!
Ahsoka Tano: Your fancy flying is making it difficult!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Fire!
Malevolence fires ion cannon


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Ahsoka Tano: Incoming!
Anakin Skywalker: Make towards the edge of the ray! Now! Give it everything you’ve got.
Ahsoka: Shadow 2, your speed is dropping. What’s wrong?
Matchstick: Nothing, sir. Just trying to keep it together.
Anakin: You can make it, Matchstick. Hang on!
Shadow 2 catches fire and comes down, Matchstick dies.
Random Clone: Watch out!
Shadow 2 crashes on Shadow 8.
They escape the ion cannon.
Anakin: Shadow Squadron, check in.
Ahsoka: We lost Matchstick and Tag. Shadows 6, 7 and 10 were caught in the ray.


SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION
Random Clone: It looks as though Skywalker has failed. He’s lost almost half his ships. We should go, madam.
Nala Se: I will stay.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
They are showered by blasts from the Malevolence.
Plo Koon: Stay on course.
Random Clone: This flak is heavy!
Anakin Skywalker: All deflectors, double front!
Ahsoka Tano: Master! We need a new plan!
Anakin: We can make it, Ahsoka. Hang in there!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: Sir, the enemy fighters are closing.
General Grievous: Let them come! Prepare ion cannon. First we will destroy the medical station, then we will finish off Skywalker.
Random Droid: I have a bad feeling about this.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Anakin Skywalker: Watch those towers, boys!
Random Clone: We’re too close! Loosen up!
Random Clone gets shot at and crashes, dies.


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: Ion cannon ready.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Anakin Skywalker: They’re targeting the station. We’re running out of time.
Ahsoka Tano: Master! You can make it, but everyone else is getting shot down! Master!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: Station has been targeted.
General Grievous: Start the ion cannon acceleration.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
Plo Koon: If we can do enough damage, the weapon may overload when Grievous tries to fire.
Anakin Skywalker: Shadow Squadron, new target. We’re taking out the starboard ion cannon.


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
Random Droid: Ion cannon, 75% charged.
General Grievous: Hurry!


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
They launch torpedoes onto ion cannons.
Anakin Skywalker: Torpedoes away!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Fire!
Ion cannons explode, Malevolence starts fleeing the battle.


SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT
They approach the secret Outer Rim medical station.
Anakin Skywalker: Nice job, Ahsoka!


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Damage report.
Random Droid: We’ve lost both primary weapons. The hyperdrive has been disabled.
Grievous: Impossible!
Random Droid: General, we are picking up three Republic warships entering the system.
Republic warships come out of hyperspace


REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Anakin, do you copy?
Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): I’m here.
Obi-Wan: Congratulations. It looks like your mission was a success.
Anakin (Call): Partially, but Grievous is still alive. The battle was pretty rough on my men. We’re heading for the medical station.
Obi-Wan: We’ll take it from here. But don’t worry, we’ll call when we need you.
Anakin (Call): I’ll be waiting, Obi-Wan.
Ends call
Obi-Wan: Alright, let’s finish what Anakin started. Ahead full.
Republic Warships start shooting at Malevolence


MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE
General Grievous: Full retreat! Make for Separatist space.


SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION LANDING BAY
Plo Koon: Great job, Master Skywalker. Your leadership skills are most impressive.
Anakin Skywalker: You didn’t do so bad yourself.
Ahsoka Tano: Uh, excuse me, I believe it was my suggestion to change the plan.
Anakin: That’s kind of true, Snips.
Plo Koon: From a certain point of view.
Anakin: Make sure our ships are ready. We’ll only have a short time before Obi-Wan calls us for support.
Random Clone: Yes, sir.
Anakin and Ahsoka enter the medical station.
Nala Se: General Skywalker, I wanted to thank you for your valiant effort today. Do not take the lives you saved lightly.
Anakin: I don’t. But I also can’t take the lives I lost lightly.
Nala Se: I see.
Anakin: If you will excuse me, I must prepare for the coming battle.
Anakin leaves.
Nala Se:  Your master is a very curious Jedi.
Ahsoka: He is one of a kind.