Narrator: Planet Ryloth invaded! Subjected to a brutal droid occupation, the people of Ryloth are starving under the blockade of a Separatist fleet. Evil Separatist leader, Wat Tambor, now rules with an iron fist. Answering a plea from the Senate, the Grand Army of the Republic mounts a bold offensive to liberate the system. It is up to Anakin Skywalker and his Padawan Ahsoka to make way for Obi-Wan’s ground assault.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Wat Tambor (Hologram): Captain, are you prepared?
Mar Tuuk: Our blockade is impenetrable. When the Republic attacks, they will get quite a surprise.
Tambor (H): I’m counting on you, Captain. We cannot allow the Republic to invade this planet.
The hologram disappears.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Random Clone: Sir, we’re coming out of hyperspace.
Admiral Yularen: Prepare for battle. Raise the shields.
[They come out of hyperspace]

RESOLUTE HANGAR
Yularen (Intercome): All ships prepare for launch. All ships prepare for launch.
Ahsoka Tano: This is my first time commanding a squadron, R7. Let’s make a good impression.
[R7 asks if she’s nervous]
Ahsoka: Of course I’m not nervous.
Anakin Skywalker: Hey, Snips. This is it, your first command. Don’t be nervous.
Ahsoka: I wish everyone would stop saying that.
Anakin: The men you’re commanding are depending on you with their lives.
Ahsoka: Thanks. That takes the pressure off. If I wasn’t nervous before, I sure am now.
Anakin: Hey, I have faith in you. I wouldn’t send you out there if I didn’t think you could handle it. May the Force be with you.
Ahsoka: I won’t let you down…
[Anakin leaves]
Ahsoka: I hope.
[She prepares her starfighter for departure]
Ahsoka: Okay, you boys ready?
Axe (Comlink): This is two— Axe. Ready when you are, Skipper. 
Slammer (C): Ready on three, this is Slammer over. 
Kickback (C): Ready on four. Kickback checking in, over. 
Swoop (C): Swoop to Blue Leader, Group Two is standing by, over.
Tucker (C): Tucker on five. Waiting for mother bird, over. 
[They leave the Resolute]

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tuuk: Commander.
Random Droid: Yes, Captain?
Tuuk: Launch all fighters.
Random Droid: Roger, roger.
[Vulture droids are launched]

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Anakin: Tell Ahsoka the fleet is ready.
Yularen: Commander, you’re all clear.
Ahsoka (C): Thank you, Admiral. Keep the cruisers back until we’ve softened them up. Well R7, are you ready for some action?

BLUE SQUADRON
Ahsoka: Axe, keep your squadron back and wait for my signal.
Axe (C): You got it, boss.
Ahsoka: Here we go.
[They engage the Separatists]
Ahsoka: Alright boys, let’s clear a path.
Axe (C): Right away, sir.
Ahsoka: Pick your targets.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Tucker (C): Dropped another bogey. You are clear, you are clear.
Axe (C): Nice work, Blue Five.
Tucker (C): Two new targets closing.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
[A hologram of the Resolute appears]
Tuuk: That is General Skywalker’s flagship. He is leading this attack.
Random Droid: Sir, their fighters are closing fast.
Tuuk: Patience. Let’s see what trickery the Jedi have planned for us.

BLUE SQUADRON
Ahsoka: We’ve got their fighters occupied. Axe, time for us to make a run for the battleship.
Axe (C): Come on, you whiners. Let’s get dirty.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid: Sir, a squadron of fighters are attacking. They have a clear path right to us.
Tuuk: Now is the time to bring in our reinforcements.
Random Droid: Battlecruiser 17, Battlecruiser 19, attack position.
[Two battlecruisers come out of hyperspace]

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Random Clone: Admiral, four more enemy cruisers have joined the blockade.
Yularen: We’ve got to warn those fighters.

BLUE SQUADRON
Yularen (C): Commander, we’ve been caught in a trap.
Ahsoka: You’re overreacting, Admiral. I can get us through. Blue Squadron, stay the course.
Tucker (C): We’re all set, Blue Leader.
Yularen (C): I’m ordering you to return to the ship. We’re going to need your help.
Anakin (C): Ahsoka, it’s too risky. Get your pilots out of there.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid: Sir, we’ve got their fighters surrounded.
Tuuk: Good.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Random Clone: She’s not turning around.
Yularen: Did you train her not to follow orders?

BLUE SQUADRON
Ahsoka: Axe, are you still there? Come on, boys, stay in formation.
Axe (C): I’ve got two on my tail. I can’t shake them.
Slammer (C): I can’t help you, Axe. I’ve got my own problem.
[Slammer’s fighter is destroyed, he dies]

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Yularen: We’re far too outnumbered. They’re breaking our lines.
Anakin: Ahsoka we are in trouble. I order you back here.

BLUE SQUADRON
Ahsoka: Alright, alright. Let’s go squad. Pull back to the command ship.
Axe (C): Why are we retreating?
Ahsoka: We’re not retreating. We’re following orders.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Yularen: Intensify deflector shields. 
Random Clone: There are too many. We can’t shoot them all down.
Yularen: Fighter squadron, where are you?
Ahsoka (C): Cool your jets, Admiral. We’re almost there.
Yularen: It’s too late!
Anakin: Run for it!
[A Vulture droid crashes in the bridge]
Ahsoka (C): Admiral, come in. Admiral!
[Yularen is hurt]
Anakin: Hang on, Admiral.
Yularen: Get us out of here.
Anakin: Get those fighters on board and prepare for lightspeed.

BLUE SQUADRON
Captain Rex (C): All fighters return. We’re preparing for lightspeed.
Ahsoka: Uh, right. Axe, stand on it. We only have a few seconds to get on board.
Axe (C): Don’t worry about me, Skipper.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid: Captain, the Republic space forces are in retreat. Shall we pursue?
Tuuk: No, do not break our formation. Let those cowards rot.

BLUE SQUADRON
Axe (C): Ah, my power converters, they’re failing.
Ahsoka: Just stay with me, Axe.
Axe (C): Overload, overload!
[Axe’s starfighter is destroyed, he dies]
Ahsoka: Axe!
[They finally arrive to the Resolute]
Ahsoka: Close up the hangar doors. We’re home.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Anakin: Jump to lightspeed.
[They jump to lightspeed]

RESOLUTE HANGAR
Anakin: Get your squad together. I need a headcount. We need to know how many we lost today.
[Anakin goes to meet Ahsoka]
Anakin: Ahsoka, I am very disappointed in you. You not only disobeyed the Admiral, you disobeyed me.
Ahsoka: I thought I could knock out those battleships so when Master Obi-Wan arrived, he could get through.
Anakin: I know you meant well, Snips, but there’s a bigger picture that you’re not aware of. First rule of war, listen and obey your superiors.
Ahsoka: But sometimes you get carried away.
Anakin: All that means is that I understand what you’re going through.
Ahsoka: But I failed.
Anakin: It was a trap, Snips. It wasn’t your fault.
Ahsoka: I lost so many of my pilots.
Anakin: Take heart, little one. That’s the reality of command.
[Rex comes to meet Anakin]
Rex: General, we’re approaching our staging area.
Anakin: Very good Captain.
Rex: Master Windu is requesting a report on our progress.
Anakin: Our progress, uh? Well, we haven’t made any progress yet.
Rex: I’ll tell him, sir.
Anakin: No Rex, I’ll tell him myself. Thank you. As soon as we tend to our wounded, get me a damage report.
[Ahsoka leaves]
Rex: Right away, sir.
Anakin: Now, Snips, I’m gonna need you to…
[He realizes Ahsoka left]

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tambor (H): Captain, what is the status of the enemy attack?
Tuuk: The Jedi were crushed, of course. They fled the system, their ships in flames. I assure you, Emir, our blockade is very much intact.
Tambor (H): Congratulations are in order, Captain. But do not underestimate the Jedi.
[The hologram ends]
Tuuk: Commander, bring me the archive data on General Skywalker. I need to learn more about our opponent.
Random Droid: Roger, roger.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Anakin: They caught us by surprise, Master. We were outnumbered.
Obi-Wan Kenobi (H): How many men did you lose?
Anakin: We lost a cruiser, the Redeemer, plus an entire squadron of fighters.
Obi-Wan (H): And your Padawan?
Anakin: No, uh, Ahsoka is fine. She’s just recovering from the battle. Losing her squad was hard to take.
Obi-Wan (H): Give her time, but Anakin, you will need her help if you’re going to get through this.
Anakin: I know.
Mace Windu (H): Your forces have been cut in half, Skywalker. If you can’t break that blockade before the next planetary rotation, we will have to postpone the invasion.
Anakin: The Twi’leks on that planet can’t wait forever, Master. The longer the Techno Union keeps control of Ryloth, the more difficult it will be to free them.
Mace (H): I agree. We don’t have much time.
[The holograms end]
Anakin: Rex, see if you can find Ahsoka.

RESOLUTE MEDICAL CENTER
[Ahsoka is checking on Yularen]
Medical Droid: He is stable for now.
Ahsoka: Admiral, I am so sorry. They’re all gone.
[Rex enters the room]
Rex: Commander Ahsoka, General Skywalker is looking for you.

RESOLUTE HANGAR
[Anakin is fixing a starfighter]
Anakin: No, R2, the other one. Yeah, that’s it. That’ll do it.
[Ahsoka arrives]
Ahsoka: You wanted to see me, Master?
Anakin: Ahsoka, hand me that socket plug.
Ahsoka: Here.
Anakin: Thanks, Snips. How are you feeling?
Ahsoka: Oh, I’m fine, Master, just fine.
Anakin: Ah, that’s good to hear. I’m gonna need you levelheaded if we’re gonna pull this thing off.
Ahsoka: Pull this off? Pull what off?
Anakin: [grunts] I talked to Master Windu. We are to proceed with our attack on the blockade.
Ahsoka: What?! Uh… we can’t! I, I, I-
Anakin: Ahsoka, we have to break that blockade. The Twi’leks on Ryloth are depending on us.
Ahsoka: I understand that, Master, but we’ve lost so many men. Did we get more support?
Anakin: No, we have to make do with the forces we have, and I need to come up with a plan.
Ahsoka: You don’t even have a plan?
Anakin: Don’t worry, Ahsoka.
Ahsoka: No! That’s what you said last time, and now everyone’s gone, my whole squadron!
Anakin: Ahsoka!
Ahsoka: We can’t just smash through that blockade.
[Anakin receives a comlink call]
Anakin: Skywalker here.
Rex (C): General, the Defender is contacting us. There seems to be a problem.
Anakin: All right, Rex. I’ll be right there.
[He ends the call]
Anakin: Go back to your quarters and cool off. We’ll finish this talk later.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tuuk: Not a conventional Jedi, to say the least, it would seem. Hmm, Commander!
Random Droid: Yes, Captain?
Tuuk: Prepare all cannons and send the droids to their battle stations.
Random Droid: Yes, sir. Um, Captain, are we under attack?
Tuuk: No, but if Skywalker’s record indicates anything, he’ll be back.

RESOLUTE
[An alarm is loudly chirping]
Ahsoka: Trooper, what’s going on?
Random Clone: The starship Defender is being evacuated, sir.
Ahsoka: Evacuated? Why?
Random Clone: I’m not sure, Commander. We’re on our way to help General Skywalker in the hangar.

RESOLUTE HANGAR
Anakin: Alright men, alright. This way. Come on. Move it. Move it! Let’s go, no time to waste!
Ahsoka: Master, I’m almost afraid to ask.
Anakin: I ordered the Defender evacuated.
Ahsoka: I can see that. Why?
Anakin: Well, actually, I got the idea from you.
Ahsoka: Oh, great.
Anakin: Rex, take over, will you? You said we just couldn’t smash through the blockade. I decided that’s partly true. You also implied that my plans put a lot of people at risk, and I agree with you on that one.
Ahsoka: That’s a first.
Anakin: I decided the only way we can break the blockade is if I pilot the Defender right into their battleship and take out the commander.
Ahsoka: What?
Anakin: This way, I’m the only one at risk. Besides, the Defender is damaged already.
Ahsoka: You can’t be serious, Master. You’ll die!
Anakin: No, I won’t. That’s where you come in. The enemy can’t stop that ship from taking them out. R2 and I will get in an escape pod and jettison right before impact.
Ahsoka: But the enemy fleet is right there.
Anakin: I know. And I’ll pretty much be defenseless in an escape pod, so I’m depending on you to engage the remaining fleet with the combined forces we have here.
Ahsoka: Master, I… uh… I can’t. If something goes wrong, I can’t be responsible for-
Anakin: You are responsible, Ahsoka. These men are depending on you and this time, so am I.
Ahsoka: But Master last time I-
Anakin: Attention! Everyone, attention! Alright men, listen up. I’m taking over the Defender, and I’m leaving Commander Ahsoka in charge. She’ll lead the second half of the mission when we engage what’s remaining of the blockade.
Rex: Try to leave some ships for us, General.
Anakin: [laughs] Will do, Rex. Now, Commander Ahsoka will fill you in on the full plan.
Ahsoka: Master, wait!
Anakin: Good luck.
Ahsoka: Master…
[Anakin leaves Ahsoka with the clones]
Rex: Awaiting orders, Commander.
Ahsoka: [grunts] I’ll be on the bridge.
Rex: Well, you heard her boys. Back to work. Come on! Move it, move it!

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Rex: Commander on deck!
Ahsoka: At ease.
Rex: General Skywalker is contacting you.
[A hologram of Anakin appears]
Anakin (H): Alright, Ahsoka. We’re ready to get on the way.
Ahsoka: Master, are you sure you won’t reconsider this?
Anakin (H): This is the only way. Trust me.
[Anakin’s hologram disappears]
Rex: Better fill us in, Commander.
Ahsoka: Right.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tambor (H): Count Dooku has assured me the Republic forces are stretched thin in our sector. They should be unable to mount a counterattack. Any attempt to do so would be suicide.
Tuuk: Still, I am certain this Skywalker will return. His ultimate defeat shall be my greatest victory.
Tambor (H): You admire Skywalker?
Tuuk: As a general, yes. His record shows he is a great warrior and I want him to know it is I who has beaten him.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Rex: Well, I have to say, this plan is questionable.
Ahsoka: Yeah, but with their general destroyed along with their battleship, the droid commanders will be in chaos.
Anakin: Only temporarily, and there’s still General Skywalker to find in all that mess.
Ahsoka: I know, but-
Random Clone: In our first attack, we had three fully armed cruisers, and we failed.
Rex: I wish General Skywalker had discussed this plan with us. The odds are very much against us.
Ahsoka: They always are.
Random Clone: Yes, but normally we have General Skywalker to lead us in… I meant no offense, Commander.
Ahsoka: None taken.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid: Sir, an enemy ship is emerging from hyperspace.
Tuuk: I knew he’d return.
Random Droid: There is an incoming transmission, sir.
Tuuk: Ah, put it through.
[An image of Skywalker appears]
Anakin (Video): Greetings, Captain. I’m Anakin Skywalker, General of the Grand Army of-
Tuuk: I know who you are, Skywalker.
Anakin (V): Well, my reputation precedes me then. I’ve been ordered to surrender myself, the entire crew of this vessel, and my ship in exchange for safe passage of food and medical supplies to the people of Ryloth.
Tuuk: A noble gesture, Jedi. And your capture would make me the envy of the Separatist fleet.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Random Clone: Sir, even if Skywalker is successful and destroys the battleship, how will we stand up to the combined firepower of the remaining frigates?
Ahsoka: I thought about that, and well, I have an idea.
Rex: Go ahead, Commander.
Ahsoka: If we took the Resolute and angled her hull against the incoming frigates, the bridge and hangar deck would be relatively safe from their attack. We could draw them in and then use the bombers to outflank them. The bombers would be too fast, and they would be trapped.
Rex: Hmm.
Random Clone: I’m not sure about this, Commander.
Ahsoka: I… I think-
Rex: If we were certain the shields would hold. 
Random Clone: Perhaps a different strategy. We need to take more time and plan.
Ahsoka: No! We don’t have any more time. Master Skywalker needs me now! He needs us now.
[Yularen enters the bridge]
Yularen: The Commander is right. I know this strategy is very bold, but these circumstances call for drastic measures.
Random Clone: Then the strategy will work sir?
Yularen: Well, will it?
Ahsoka: Yes, it will.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid: We have completed the scan of the enemy ship.
Tuuk: And?
Random Droid: The ship is heavily damaged. All power is diverted to the forward shields. There is only one life-form on board.
Tuuk: What?!
Random Droid: The ship is heavily damaged. All power is diver-
Tuuk: No, you insolent scraphead! Skywalker, what treachery is this?! You have nothing to bargain with.
Anakin (V): [chuckles] In that case, I’ll be going. Oh, you can still have my ship.
Random Droid: Uh, sir, there’s a second Republic ship entering the system.

DEFENDER
Anakin: She made it! Boost the engines, and let’s get out of here.
[R2-D2 proceeds to do so]

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Ahsoka: When those two ships collide, there’ll be chaos. We need that time to get General Skywalker’s pod into the tractor beam.
Rex: Right, Commander.
Ahsoka: I’ll command the fighter squadron. Wait for my signal to begin our attack.
Rex: Yes, sir.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tuuk: All cannons, fire! Fire!
Random Droid: We can’t stop it. What should we do?
Tuuk: You stay here. I’ll be back.
Random Droid: Oh, that’s great.
[The Defender collides with the Separatists]
ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD
Anakin: See, I told you it would work.
Ahsoka (C): Skyguy, we’re approaching your position. Stand by for retrieval.
Anakin: Right on time, Ahsoka.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Yularen: I don’t think they’re going to attack, Commander.
Rex: We’ll have to retreat.
Ahsoka (C): No, wait. Remember they are droids. They’re just a little slow. They’ll figure it out.

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid (H): I think the Captain left.
Random Droid (H): Who’s in charge?
Random Droid (H): Not me.
Random Droid (H): Not me.
Random Droid (H): What should we do?
Random Droid: Begin attack.

RESOLUTE BRIDGE
Rex: Droids are attacking sir.
Yularen: Commander, on your order, commence flanking maneuver.

FIGHTER SQUADRON
Ahsoka: Okay, boys, here we go. Follow my lead.
[They engage the Separatists]

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Random Droid (H): We’ve been outflanked.
Random Droid (H): Affirmative.

ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD
Anakin: That a girl, Ahsoka.
[The Republic is destroying the blockade]

LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP
Tambor (H): Where is the Captain? What is going on?
Random Droid: He’s in an escape pod.
Tambor (H): Idiots! The blockade has been broken.
Random Droid: Uh, where are those escape pods?

FIGHTER SQUADRON
Rex (C): Commander, the invasion fleet is coming out of hyperspace.
Obi-Wan (C): Ahsoka, this is Obi-Wan. May we begin our landing?
Ahsoka: Yes, Master. You’re cleared for ground assault.
Obi-Wan (C): I won’t even ask where the rest of Anakin’s fleet is, or why he’s in an escape pod.
Ahsoka: That’s probably for the best. Rex that reminds me; send a shuttle to pick up Master Skywalker.

ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD
Rex (C): General, you still there?
Anakin: Yep, I’m just sitting here watching the show.
[Anakin is picked up by a shuttle]