Narrator: A planet under siege! Separatist forces mercilessly batter the beautiful and elegant world of Christophsis. Unable to defend themselves any longer, the people of Christophsis call on the Jedi for assistance. Hoping to save lives and prevent further destruction, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker plan a daring ambush which could turn the tide in the fight for this crucial star system.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Anakin, how are you doing over there?
Anakin Skywalker: We're set. I've got some guys here that are anxious to get going.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Glad to hear it.
Commander Cody: We're back, general.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Good. The show is about to begin.
Commander Cody: How's that cannon coming, boys?
Chopper: We'll have this one back in business in no time, sir.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: The droids are advancing.
Chopper: I'm seeing a full battalion coming right on schedule. Tanks! They brought tanks. A little closer. They're splitting up.
Commander Cody: What?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Something's gone wrong. Prepare all troops for-- Abort the mission!
Chopper: Our position's been compromised.
Anakin Skywalker: Obi-Wan, what's going on?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: We're cut off. The droids are onto us.
Anakin Skywalker: Gunship, come in. Hawk, we need an e-vac in the south tower.
Hawk: Roger that, sir. We're coming.
Captain Rex: South tower? We're in the north.
Anakin Skywalker: Not for long. Rex, fire your cables.
Battle Droid: Blast them!
Anakin Skywalker: This way is clear.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: How did you get over here?
Anakin Skywalker: I improvised. Now what?
Captain Rex: Maybe this tactical droid will tell us how they knew our plan.
Tactical droid: The Republic army is in the north and south towers: level 46.
Captain Rex: It just doesn't make sense. Blast!
Anakin Skywalker: Well, at least we're not the only ones having a bad day.
Captain Rex: Generals, they had all our intel.
Anakin Skywalker: That would explain the ambush. How could we have left ourselves so vulnerable to a security breach?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I don't think we did.
Anakin Skywalker: You think someone-- infiltrated our defenses?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Possibly. It'd have to be someone cunning and resourceful enough to gain access to all our plans.
Anakin Skywalker: But that's still wouldn't explain how they got our intel.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: No. You're right. They wouldn't act alone. They'd have someone working with them.
Commander Cody: A spy, sir? But who would want to betray our troops to the Seppies?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Excellent question, Commander. Perhaps it's time we made a visit behind enemy lines. I think we'll find our answers there.
Commander Cody: We'll get right on it.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: No, Captain. I need you here to find the security breach.
Commander Cody: You can count on us, sir.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: One more thing: this mission is extremely confidential. The spy could be anyone. Let no one know of our mission.
Captain Rex: Understood, sir.
Commander Cody: Someone left this comlink on. Someone has been listening to everything we said.
Captain Rex: Hey! Stop!
Commander Cody: Who's that? I'll follow him. You take the west corridor.
Captain Rex: I'm on it. He must have gone in the mess hall.
Commander Cody: We've got a big problem.
Captain Rex: Yeah. The only people in here are brothers. One of us? Great, but which one?
Commander Cody: We'll have to wait for his next move. Keep this to ourselves.
Captain Rex: Better contact the Jedi.
Commander Cody: I'm on it.
Battle Droid: Don't shoot. Just keep their communications jammed.
Battle Droids: Roger, roger.
Commander Cody: We can't reach General Kenobi. Whoever it is has blocked our communications. We're gonna have to find this guy ourselves.
Captain Rex: R2, come over here and plug in.
Commander Cody: What are you doing?
Captain Rex: The guard got his messages out there somehow. We just got to find them.
Commander Cody: What do you think? He just sat down and wrote a note?
Captain Rex: You have to start somewhere.
Anakin Skywalker: We appear to have picked up some friends.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Indeed. In fact, I believe the number of eyes watching us has been steadily growing.
Anakin Skywalker: Great. Perhaps this means our adversary has learned about our mission.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Perhaps it does.
Anakin Skywalker: Of course, nobody's tried to stop us yet.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Also true.
Anakin Skywalker: They want us to get to the Separatist headquarters, which means this is a trap.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I imagine it is.
Anakin SKywalker: Well, that's unfortunate For them.
Captain Rex: R2's found something.
Commander Cody: What is it? Is it the traitor?
Captain Rex: Maybe.
Commander Cody: What is he looking for?
Captain Rex: Wavelength interference, weak frequencies, spotty, irregular. See, how it shows up every few days then disappears? Day to day, you wouldn't notice it.
Commander Cody: What?
Captain Rex: It's the pattern. The band's only coming off one terminal in the whole base. Check it out.
Commander Cody: Hmm. Slick's barracks. Only Slick's men would have access to that terminal.
Captain Rex: Yeah. Slick's not gonna like that.
Commander Cody: No, he's not. But if one of his men is giving away our intel, we have to find him and sort this out.
Anakin Skywalker: No guards, no barricades, you'd think the Separatist headquarters would be better protected.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: But clearly, keeping us out is not what they intend.
Slick: No way. My guys are the best. No way they're capable of something like this.
Chopper: Something like what?
Slick: You called them here?
Captain Rex: Of course we did. We're getting to the bottom of this Now.
Slick: Look, let me have a few minutes with them first. It's gonna hit them hard. They trust each other, and if one of our own betrayed us I don't think that's necessary.
Commander Cody: Your men are tough, right? Take a seat, gentlemen. We have a turncoat in our midst, and we think it's one of you.
Anakin Skywalker: So this is the belly of the beast.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Ventress. And here I thought this mission would be unpleasant.
Asajj Ventress: The pleasure's all mine, my dear Obi-Wan. I've missed you.
Jester: I don't know, I was doing the things I always do after a mission.
Captain Rex: Things like what?
Jester: I'm sorry, sir. I'm just a little nervous. You're my C.O.
Captain Rex: The way I figure it, you tell the truth, you got nothing to be nervous about.
Punch: Jester is telling the truth. He cleans his weapon after every mission. First thing, every time. He's kind of obsessed that way.
Commander Cody: Is that right? You were cleaning your weapon?
Jester: Yes, sir.
Commander Cody: Go on the computer while you were in here?
Jester: No, sir. I didn't even power it up.
Commander Cody: You can check. Show me your weapon. Yep, freshly scrubbed.
Jester: The rag's over there in the corner.
Commander Cody: Good man. You. You were cleaning your weapon too?
Punch: No, I was hungry. I went back to the mess. Right away?
Captain Rex: Anyone with you?
Punch: Sketch, sir.
Sketch: We got to the mess at the same time, got our grub, and sat together.
Captain Rex: Anyone else in the mess able to confirm what you two are saying?
Sketch: Lots of guys there. Ask any of them.
Captain Rex: We will.
Slick: Captain, give me a moment with them.
Gus: No, it's okay, Sarge. I got nothing to hide. I was in the infirmary. Got banged up pretty good by one of those clankers. A med droid was fixing me up. Doc's got all the records there if you want to check.
Captain Rex: So, Chopper, old boy, what's your alibi?
Chopper: I was in the mess hall.
Sketch: No, you weren't! I mean, you.
Commander Cody: If you know something, kid, you should speak up.
Sketch: Chopper came in a lot later. After everyone else.
Asajj Ventress: My loyal informant let me know you were coming.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Well, then, we thank you for your hospitality.
Captain Rex: Where were you before you went to the mess, Chopper?
Chopper: Nowhere. Walking around.
Commander Cody: Son, you know we'll need a better answer than that.
Chopper: I was hiding at the south exit. I didn't want anyone to see me string these together.
Captain Rex: Battle droid fingers.
Chopper: I just I just wanted something back. I guess I felt like they owed me.
Gus: I always knew there was something deficient about you.
Slick: This isn't good, Chopper. Lying about where you were, taking forbidden items from a battlefield.
Chopper: I know. I put up with the attitude 'cause you have skill.
Slick: But if you could break these rules, your whole character's in question here.
Chopper: Wait, no! Hang on. I'm no spy!
Slick: Chopper, we're all brothers. But how can we trust anything you say now?
Chopper: No, sir, I'm telling you, I did not--
Slick: It's okay. We'll get you a proper investigation. You don't have to say anything till the Jedi come back and talk to you.
Chopper: Maybe you should talk, sir. Tell them where you went. I was at the south exit, remember? I saw you go in go in, sir. I saw you.
Slick: Chopper, I have been patient.
Chopper: Everyone else turned right toward the barracks and the mess. You turned left, toward the command center. Where were you going, sir?
Commander Cody: Obviously, the kid feels cornered. Sergeant, what did you mean, "Till the Jedi come back"? How did you know the Jedi were gone?
Slick: I really wish you hadn't noticed that, sir.
Captain Rex: It's Slick? Slick's the traitor?
Commander Cody: I've got someone by the gunships. That's our Slick. Now that he's exposed, he has to get out of this base.
Captain Rex: There's no escape now, you piece of rankweed! Move. Move!
Commander Cody: He took out our weapons depot.
Captain Rex: He knew where we'd look. He's not trying to escape.
Commander Cody: He knows all our moves before we even make them.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Give up, Ventress!
Asajj Ventress: I am all yours, Obi-Wan. You've served your purpose.
Anakin Skywalker: We have to get back. Now!
Asajj Ventress: It's already too late. So hard to know whom to trust these days, isn't it?
Anakin Skywalker: What's the plan, Master?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Bringing us here was a mistake, my sweet. You've overestimated your abilities.
Asajj Ventress: Really?  Come and get me, boys!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You didn't tell us you were bringing friends.
Asajj Ventress: Poor Obi-Wan. You've been betrayed. And now we're about to take control of this world.
Captain Rex: How do we get this guy?
Gus: Sir. Slick ran into the command center.
Commander Cody: You guys stay here. Seal the perimeter.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Anakin!
Asajj Ventress: Prepare to march on the city. Have General Loathesome delay the Jedi as long as possible. I will need time to execute the next part of my Master's plan.
Tactical droid #2: Yes, Mistress.
Commander Cody: Pretend you're Slick. What's in your head?
Captain Rex: My cover's blown, it's time to go, but I decide not to use a ship because it's too obvious.
Commander Cody: The lockdown.
Captain Rex: He wants to get around the lockdown. He's blinded us by taking out the power. He could disable the entire security system.
Commander Cody: Yeah. But he knows we'd expect him to do that.
Captain Rex: Or does he? Yeah, I see what you're getting at.
Commander Cody: Go to the south exit.
Captain Rex: What are you gonna do?
Commander Cody: I'll stay here, get the power back up. That'll help.
Captain Rex: Got it.
Commander Cody: Hey, there, Slick. Gun's empty.
Captain Rex: You know what's funny, traitor? We knew you'd never take a chance on the exits while they were blocked.
Slick: I'd stay here to open them myself first. Just like you.
Captain Rex: Don't do a job till you've guaranteed the best odds, right?
Slick: You knew I was here.
Captain Rex: Of course we knew. You think we wouldn't have a plan?
Slick: I'm not the traitor. You are! All of you just blindly following orders, for what? At least I got something out of all this suffering.
Captain Rex: I bet you sold out your brothers for some real shiny coin. Huh?
Slick: Yes, she offered me money. But she offered me something more important. Something you wouldn't understand. Freedom!
Captain Rex: I think freedom's gonna have to wait, kid.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Slick? It was you?
Captain Rex: He gave us a bit of a chase, sir. You couldn't be a greater disappointment.
Anakin Skywalker: How could you do this to your brothers?
Slick: Only a Jedi would ask that. It's the Jedi who keep my brothers enslaved. We do your bidding. We serve at your whim. I just wanted something more.
Captain Rex: And all you had to do to get it was put the rest of us all at risk.
Slick: I love my brothers. You're too blind to see it, but I was striking the blow for all clones.
Commander Cody: If you loved your brothers, you wouldn't have put them at risk.
Captain Rex: You betrayed everyone of us.
Commander Cody: Take him to lockup.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Were you able to salvage anything from the weapons depot?
Captain Rex: Slick pretty much scorched the whole thing. That seemed to be what he was going for all along.
Commander Cody: We managed to save the heavy cannons, though.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's good, 'cause there are about?
Anakin Skywalker: The fight goes on, gentlemen.
[End of The Hidden Enemy]