Narrator: Fail with honor rather than succeed by fraud. Dooku held for ransom! After escaping nature by Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi, the villainous Count Dooku fell into the clutches of pirates led by the brigand Hondo Ohnaka. Eager to get custody of Dooku, the Republic agreed to pay Hondo a hefty sum in exchange for the Sith Lord. But Anakin and Obi-Wan had not counted on the treacherous cunning of Ohnaka and his band…

DOOKU’S CELL
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi wake up tied up.
Anakin Skywalker: Master? What happened?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Well, I guess that pirate brew is stronger than we thought.
Anakin: I only took a sip.
Obi-Wan: We were drugged, obviously.
Anakin: Why would they risk losing the ransom?
Obi-Wan: The deal appears to have changed. They must be trying to triple their payday.
Count Dooku: A shrewd observation, Master Kenobi.
They realize Dooku is tied up as well.
Anakin: Oh, great, it’s you.
Dooku: I did warn you these pirates were devious. You will notice our shackles are bound together. I have tried to separate us, to no avail.
Anakin: It’s bad enough to be in the same cell, but could you at least spare me the sound of your constant chatter?
Dooku: And while I hold my tongue, the two of you will devise a brilliant strategy for getting off this godforsaken planet?
Anakin: Yes!
Obi-Wan: Yes!
Dooku: Excellent.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Turk Falso: I told you kidnapping the Sith Lord was a stroke of brilliance. I can almost smell that spice now. It’ll be worth twice as much to us on the black market. But I think we could’ve gotten a bigger ransom from the Separatists.
Hondo Ohnaka: You fool. Sometimes I wonder why I bother to keep you around. If we tried to ransom Count Dooku off to the Separatists, they would simply send their droid armies here to wipe us out. As my sweet mother always said, “Son, if one hostage is good, two are better. And three? Well, that’s just good business.”
Turk: How much do you think they’ll fetch? Don’t you worry about how much you’ll get your cut?
Hondo: Just see to it that the Republic’s ransom gets here. Once we get the ransom for the Sith, then we’ll get the ransom for the Jedi. Thank you, mom!

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Turk: The spice is on its way. Hondo asked me to go out and meet the Republic Senators and bring them here with the ransom. But I want you to intercept that ship and force it down. Be careful. I want that spice intact.
Barb Mentir: It’s too risky. What about Hondo?
Turk: That nitwit couldn’t kill a nuna. He depends on me for that. I’ll tell him the ship was destroyed with everyone on it, including the spice. By the time he finds out the truth, we’ll be long gone.

CHANCELLOR PALPATINE’S OFFICE
Kharrus (Hologram): And we’ll be landing…
Jar Jar Binks (Hologram): Hidey ho, Chancellor, mesa have a question.
Palpatine: In a moment, Representative Binks. Good work, Senator Kharrus. I’m relieved you’re about to arrive at the pirate stronghold safely. Captain Hondo, the leader of those brigands, will accept the ransom and turn Count Dooku over to the Jedi, and then they will bring him back with you.
Kharrus (H): Once we’ve landed, our signal will be strong enough to set up proper communications.
Palpatine: Thank you, Senator.
REPUBLIC SHUTTLE
Commander Stone: Senator Kharrus, Representative Binks, take your seats. We are coming in for a landing.
Pilot Mack: The last time I went on one of these random missions, I spent three weeks in a dungeon.
Kharrus: Representative Binks, stop fooling around. We’re landing. Secure yourself.
Jar Jar: Mesa trying. Itsa stucken.
A ship comes behind them and starts shooting at them. It is Barb.
Mack: We’re under attack.
Kharrus: We’ve been betrayed.
Barb sends two missiles.
Mack: Missile closing. Bank left!
Jar Jar isn’t seated, he fools around and makes Mack come out from the cockpit.
Mack: What the… Jar Jar, what are you doing?
Jar Jar: Ooh! Sorry, mesa fix it.
Jar Jar presses a button and goes back in the cockpit with Mack.
Random Pilot: Mack, what’s going on back there?
Mack: Sir, you must get out of the cockpit.
They’re hit by the two missiles.
Mack: We’re hit. Sir, you must leave. Get back into your seat.
Mack gets Jar Jar back in his seat.
Mack: We’re going down!

DOOKU’S CELL
Dooku is getting some food by making it force levitate.
Anakin: Don’t you think our priorities should be escape first, eat second?
Dooku: Do control your protégé’s insolence so I can concentrate.
Obi-Wan: Anakin.
Anakin: What?
Obi-Wan: Control your insolence. The Count is concentrating.
Dooku gets a knife into the lock and frees them.
Dooku: Well done, if I do say so myself.
Obi-Wan: Most impressive.

REPUBLIC SHUTTLE
The ship has crashed.
Jar Jar: Mesa no see Senator Kharrus.
Random Clone: The pilots are dead
Random Clone: Sir, over here. I found the Senator.
Senator Kharrus is dead.
Jar Jar: Oh, no. He can’t be dead.
Stone: We’ve got to figure out a way to contact Coruscant.

FLORRUM
Barb: They crashed into Doshar Field.
Turk: Good, good. And you have the spice?
Barb: Not exactly, no. I think there are survivors. We have to call it off. Maybe we should tell Hondo.
Turk: No one tells Hondo anything! If anyone survived that crash, we’ll take care of them. Trust me, we’re getting that spice.

HONDO’S COMPLEX CORRIDORS
Anakin: We do know where we’re going, don’t we?
Obi-Wan: Hush, Anakin. We do know where we’re going, don’t we?
Dooku: Quiet. I was brought this way when I was captured. It was open then.
Anakin: Hey, I found the door key.
Dooku: This is the way to the hangar.
Obi-Wan: Yes, but are you sure it’s safe?
Anakin: The key works.
Obi-Wan: Is it safe?
Dooku: Of course it is.
They open the door and find some pirates.
Obi-Wan: Right.
Random Pirate: Hold it right there, Jedi.

DOOKU’S CELL
Anakin: What were we thinking, following a Sith Lord?
Hondo: What to do, what to do, what to do? I don’t want to kill you, per se. In fact, you seem like decent fellows. Even you, Count. This is just business. And once I get my money, we can go back to being friends. It’s very simple. Now, try not to complicate things by breaking out again.
Hondo leaves them tied up once again.
Obi-Wan: We have to get out of here before the Republic arrives with the ransom.
Dooku: For once, I agree with you.

REPUBLIC SHUTTLE
Stone: Any luck repairing the homing beacon?
Random Clone: No, sir.
Jar Jar: Yousa find rest, Senator. Those with good in their heart always passen too soon.
Random Clone: Sir, with the death of Senator Kharrus, are you now in command of the mission?
Stone: Technically, no.
Random Clone: Then who is?
Stone: Representative Binks is the highest-ranking person here.
Jar Jar: We be missing you, Senator.
Random Clone: Sir, this place is dangerous. Look, those geysers are spitting out acid.
Jar Jar: These beasties don’t like the geysers neither.
Stone: What is it, Sergeant?
Random Clone: How are we going to deliver the ransom to the Jedi and Count Dooku back?

DOOKU’S CELL
Obi-Wan is trying to force convince the guard.
Obi-Wan: You do not want to stand guard.
Guard: I do not want to stand guard.
Obi-Wan: You want to deactivate the cell bars and go out drinking.
Guard: I want to deactivate the cell bars and go out drinking.
The Guard deactivates the cell bars and goes out drinking.
Anakin: Not bad.
Dooku: Oh, yes. Most impressive, Master Kenobi.

REPUBLIC SHUTTLE
Jar Jar: Whatsa that?
Random Clone: You think this is trouble, sir?
Stone: They could be the ones we’re supposed to deliver the ransom to.
Jar Jar: Or theysa the ones that be shooting us down.
The pirates, led by Turk, attack them.
Stone: You’re right, Binks. Incoming! Form a circle!
Random Clone: There’s not enough cover out here. They are cutting us off from the shuttle.
Stone: We have got to regroup.
The pirates shoot a bunch of explosives. Some smoke is created, making it hard to see.
Random Clone: Follow me. Let’s hide.
Stone: Come on, men!
The pirates are left alone with the shuttle.
Random Pirate: Where’d they go?
Random Pirate: I don’t know. Maybe they fell in the crater.
Turk: Find the spice.
Random Pirate: Should we look for the clones in the crater?
Turk: Get back here! Once that geyser goes off, they’re broiled.

DOSHAR FIELD CRATER
Jar Jar: Don’t worry. As long as those beasties are up there, we’re safe.
Stone: When they run, we run.
Jar Jar: See? Mesa knew it was safe since the beasties are nearby.
The geyser starts preparing to go off.
Jar Jar: Uh-oh.
They are almost broiled to death.
Jar Jar: Woah!
Stone: Come on, let’s go.
They go back to the shuttle, the pirates are gone.
Random Clone: Commander, you’re right. The ransom’s gone.
Stone: Hmm. I suggest we stay here and wait for the Republic to send the rescue party.
Jar Jar: Wesa can’t wait.
Stone: We don’t have much choice.
Jar Jar: Ani and Obi are waiting for us to deliver the spicen.
Stone: Those pirates are on speeders. How are we gonna catch them?
Jar Jar: Mesa be having a idea.

HONDO’S COMPLEX CORRIDORS
Obi-Wan: Hurry it up, Dooku!
Anakin: You should be more patient, Master. After all, the Count is an elderly gentleman and doesn’t move like he used to.
Obi-Wan: I suppose you’re right.
Dooku: I would kill you both right now if I did not have to drag your bodies.

DOSHAR FIELD
Jar Jar, Stone and the clones have gotten onto the “beasties”’ backs.
Random Clone: Look! There they are!
Jar Jar: Giddyup.
They start chasing the pirate. They get the spice back. Jar Jar is angry toward a pirate.
Stone: Let him go, sir. We’ve got the spice back.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Anakin, Obi-Wan and Dooku get out of the complex.
Obi-Wan: Now we just have to get beyond that wall.
They jump and Anakin is left with Obi-Wan and Dooku, holding onto the edge of the wall.
Anakin: This is not going well.
Random Pirate: Don’t let them get away!
Anakin: You’re too heavy. I can’t do it. Drop Dooku!
Hondo shows up standing in front of Anakin.
Hondo: I guess this means we won’t be friends.

DOSHAR FIELD
Stone: Right. Now that we have the spice, we need to find the compound. Anything to the south?
Random Clone: Nothing, sir. Who knows where that pirate stronghold is from here.
Random Clone: Well, look at that. Power lines! They must lead somewhere.
Jar Jar: There’sa power, there’s be people, too.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Turk: Captain?
Hondo: Well, Turk, did the Republic arrive with my spice?
Turk: The Republic deceived us! They didn’t send a ransom. They sent an army. They ambushed us in Doshar Field. I suggest we counterattack with tanks.
Hondo: Where are your men?
Turk: I was the only survivor. I think they will attack us to try and free the Jedi.
Hondo: I warned them. I didn’t want to torture anyone. But now… Even in a galaxy at war, you hope to find some honor.
Turk: Let me take our tanks. I’ll make them pay.
Hondo: Go! Stop them before they reach the compound. I will deal with the Jedi.
Turk: Yes, Captain.

DOOKU’S CELL
Obi-Wan: We have to find a way out of here before Senator Kharrus and Jar Jar arrive, or we’ll look like fools.
Anakin: I think it’s time to lose the dead weight.
Obi-Wan: Anakin.
Some pirates enter the cell.
Random Pirate: Hey, you two, come with us.

DOSHAR FIELD
Jar Jar: There be some bombad clankens coming this way.
Stone: What? “Bombad clankens”?
Jar Jar: Mmm-hmm. Right there.
Stone: Where?
Jar Jar: There!
Stone: Wait…
Jar Jar: Over there!
Stone: Oh! You’re right. Bombad clankers. Representative Binks, we’re going to need your services for this part of the mission.
Jar Jar: Whosa? Mesa?
Stone: Yes, sir. You are the Senate Representative. We need you to go out there and negotiate with the pirates.
Jar Jar: Mesa no liken this idea. But I think itsa what Senator Kharrus woulda dosa.
Random Clone: He’s probably gonna get himself killed.
Stone: Don’t worry. He’s smarter than he looks.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Anakin and Obi-Wan are ready to be tortured.
Obi-Wan: I take it the Republic didn’t arrive with the ransom.
Hondo: Your Republic obviously doesn’t want the Sith Lord.
Obi-Wan: They didn’t show?
Hondo: Oh, oh, they did. They did show with a huge army that they thought would be enough to get the better of me! Hondo!
Anakin: That can’t be right.
Hondo: Are you calling me a liar?
Anakin: Isn’t that kind of what you do for a living?
Hondo: You reject my hospitality, refuse to wait in your cell and now you’re going to insult me?
Anakin: I’m just saying…
Obi-Wan: Anakin.
Anakin: What? He is a pirate.
Obi-Wan: Yes, but this may not be the best time for you to speak.
Anakin: But you…
Obi-Wan: At all, Anakin!
They are electrocuted.

DOSHAR FIELD
Random Pirate: What are you supposed to be?
Jar Jar: Mesa Representative Binks. Mesa coming to deliver the spicen.
Random Pirate: Where’s the army Turk reported?
Random Pirate: Don’t know. Let’s fry this one and look around.
Random Pirate: No. If he’s a Representative, he might be worth something as well. You! Representative Bink! We’ll take you to your Jedi friends so you can, uh, negotiate.
Jar Jar: Okey day!
On the other side of the cliff.
Random Clone: Sir, they’re taking Representative Binks hostage.
Stone: Get ready.
Back to the pirates’ side, Jar Jar messes up and ends up destroying the power generator.

HONDO’S COMPLEX
Hondo: What happened to the power? I was having fun!
Dooku escapes, and Anakin and Obi-Wan take back their lightsabers and take Hondo hostage.

DOSHAR FIELD
Random Pirate: Hold it right there!
Random Pirate: Kill him, kill him! He’s no Representative, he’s a plague!
Jar Jar: Whosa plaguea? Mesa?
Stone: I wouldn’t do that if I were you.
He hands out his gun and ends the conflict.
Stone: Nice work, sir.

HONDO’S COMPLEX EXTERIOR
Barb: We’re leaving without the spice?
Turk: It won’t be long until Hondo figures out what’s happened.
Dooku force chokes Turk. He makes Turk point his blaster at Barb.
Barb: What… What are you doing?
Dooku makes Turk blast Barb and kills Turk. He escapes on their ship.

HONDO’S COMPLEX INTERIOR
Hondo: What chance do you really have, Jedi? Now, let me go, and I might let you live.
Anakin: Approach us, and he dies.
The pirate tanks come back.
Hondo: Looks like your forces were destroyed, Jedi.
Jar Jar gets out of the tank.
Jar Jar: Ani! Obi!
Anakin: Jar Jar?
Jar Jar: Mesa have arrived with the spicen.
Obi-Wan: Excellent, Jar Jar. Assuming the Pirates still have Count Dooku to trade.
They watch Dooku get off the planet.
Anakin: Well, that answers that question.
Hondo: So what now, Jedi? You’re going to arrest me?
Obi-Wan: No. Anakin, release him.
Anakin: What?
Obi-Wan: Captain, you have nothing we want. And since we’re not prisoners anymore, you have no bargaining power.
Jar Jar: What? Yousa was in bombad trouble? Mesa rescued you.
Anakin: No, Jar Jar, we weren’t in any trouble.
Obi-Wan: Let’s leave on even terms.
Pirates and clones are menacing toward each other.
Hondo: Hold. Hold. Jedi, after everything, you’re just going to walk away?
Obi-Wan: We have no quarrel with you and we seek no revenge.
Hondo: Indeed. Very honorable, Master Jedi.
Obi-Wan: Oh, Captain, you will find that Count Dooku does not share our sense of honor. And he knows where you live.
They finally leave Florrum.