Jake: Hey, brother. Pass me that jam, won't you?
Finn: Sure.
Jake: Thanks.
[Sniffling]
Finn: So, how is your toast?
Jake: Pretty good. Funny, though, I can kind of taste the toast's emotions or something. Getting ground into flour and then made into bread really did a number on this wheat's sense of self.
[Whimpering]
Finn: That's a pretty hyper‐developed sense of taste you've got there. Hey, you seem kind of different.
Jake: Nope. Same old Jake.
Finn: You're blue, you've got those five eyes, you're way bigger, and you keep discovering strange new abilities. I think this might be a situation.
Jake: Where's this coming from
[Jake sporadically grows wings.]
BMO: [Gasps]
Jake: Whoops! Tuck‐tuck. See? Same old Jake.
BMO: Ahhh!
Jake: Whoa. [Jake's body goes crazy]
BMO: Ahhh! Jake is a crab! Ahhh! [BMO runs off screen]
Finn: Same old Jake. If you say so.
Jake: Hmm.
[Jake, Lady Rainicorn, and Dirt Beer Guy are at the the latter's tavern]
Jake: I think I'm handling these minor changes pretty well. Besides, a lot of people are different these days. Dirt Beer Guy, you're practically a zombie. How are you dealing with it?
Dirt Beer Guy: Well, I'm basically the same as before. The difference is only physical.
Jake: So you agree Finn is really overreacting?
Dirt Beer Guy: Totally. You're the same person as before.
Jake: Heck yeah! I'm still the same old Jake on the inside.
Dirt Beer Guy: Wait, you're Jake?! Uh, pardon me. Oh, dear, oh, dear. That's really something.
Jake: You know, I think I figured out why I make people uneasy. They're used to yellow Jake.
Lady Rainicorn: [Speaks Korean] 자기야, 내가 좀 고쳐볼게. (Babe, I'll try to fix it.) [then tries (and fails) at changing Jake's color]
Jake: [Laughs] Lady, that tickles.
Lady Rainicorn: [Speaks Korean] 젠장! (Damn!)
Jake: It's okay, lady. Thanks for trying, but I'm fine, really.
Lady Rainicorn: [Speaks Korean] 어떤 일이 일어나도 나는 널 사랑해. (I love you no matter what happens.)
Jake: I love me, too.
[Jake barks in his sleep. We cut to his dream, where he follows distant music through a maze. Many identical women are worshipping a statue of Warren Ampersand. The statue comes to life, and turns Jake blue. He wakes up, tied to a stone tablet, and then screams]
[Now at Jermaine's house, but still in a dream]
Jake: Jermaine?
Jermaine: Ahh, mountain colors. I'm painting this mountain. I think it's really coming together.
JakeThat's the mountain?
Jermaine: Yep. I'm a mirror. Hey, who's your friend? [Warren Ampersand appears]
Jake: Yipe!
[Warren turns into Joshua]
Jake: Dad?
Joshua: Look at this. [Playing with a yoyo] I can almost walk the dog.
Jermaine: Your body looks like one of my paintings. Pretty weird dream, huh?
Jake: This isn't just a dream body, this is what my body looks like when I'm awake.
Jermaine: Oh. Got it.
Jermaine: Ha! I've got it!
Jake: What?
Joshua: [Now with 5 eyes, and 8 arms, each holding a yoyo] I can almost walk the dog.
Jake: Finn, you up?
Finn: Yeah, man.
Jake: I had a really bad dream last night. So ominous. These images are going to haunt me for, like, forever.
Finn: Sometimes it helps me if I draw a bad dream in picture form. My crayons!
Jake: It was a weird scene, all right. Chanting ladies, labyrinths, classical sculpture. And Jermaine was there, too. The weird thing was that he was painting abstract art.
Finn: So? F.Y.I., Jermaine hates abstract art. He would never paint something non‐representational.
Finn: Maybe he's just trying something new?
Jake: It's not in his nature. Why would he all of a sudden get into painting meaningless shapes?
Finn: He's probably fine.
Jake: Just feels so out of character, you know, for Jermaine.
Finn: How's the drawing?
Jake: Just squiggles.
[Later]
Finn: [Playing a game on BMO] Fuelish tank! You are too slow for the Finnosaurus. Give up! Give up!
Jake: [Looks at a postcard of the mountain Jermaine was painting] I knew I had seen that mountain.
Finn: [Scoffs] Tank boys,you have no hope. [Laughs]
Jake: [Jake walks through the wasteland, until he runs into James]
James: Vrrt‐vrrt‐vrrt! Brrt! Who goes there?!
Jake: James, it's me, Jake.
James: You look nothing like Jake, but I believe you. I just have to ask because I'm supposed to guard the Wasteland. I was just making some beans. Come to my tent!
Jake: Okay, but I don't want any beans.
James: [Laughs] Man! I could eat beans all day, every day.
Jake: [Gasps] Where did you get that painting?
James: One day when I was guarding, I saw Jermaine painting it. James was like, "Dang, I like that painting!" And he was like,"You can have it." And I was like, "Waah?"
Jake: You like this? It doesn't look anything like a mountain.
James: I think you're looking at it wrong.
Jake: Where'd Jermaine go...after?
James: He went back to his studio, behind the wall of water.
Jake: You mean a waterfall?
James: No, like the thing I said.
Wall of Water: [Laughing] Hey! None but the chosen may walk beyond the wall of water.
Jake: What have you done with my brother?
Wall of Water: Who's your brother?
Jake: Jermaine.
Wall of Water: Wow. You guys don't look anything alike.
Jake: We're practically twins.
Wall of Water: Well, I guess you can walk beyond the wall of water. But just this once. Ooooh! [He opens himself up, creating a doorway to Jermaine's house. Bryce climbs up from the floorboards]
Bryce: Can I help you, sir? [Chuckles]
Jake: Hey, Bryce. I'm looking for Jermaine. Is he behind that door marked "private"?
Bryce: No, no, no. Mr. Jermaine won't be seeing anyone today. His wishes for privacy were quite explicit. You wouldn't want to interrupt Mr. Jermaine. He's a brilliant painter.
Jake: Yeah, he used to be. Now you got him painting all this nonsense.
Bryce: I'm just his humble dealer. So many times I've watched him painting, painting, painting.
Jake: What's really going on, Bryce? My dad told me all about your demon tricks.
Bryce: Well, now I don't want to say anything bad about your dad, but...
[Jake beats Bryce up offscreen, and covers his mouth in a backpack]
Jake: Bro? I'm here to save you.
Jermaine: Hmm? Oh, hey. I'm not sure if this is done yet. It's hard to tell when an abstract is finished.
Jake: Jermaine, what's wrong with you? Who's taken away your identity as a landscape painter?
{{L|Jermaine|There's nothing wrong with me, Jake. I just changed a little. You seem like you've changed a little bit, too.}]

Jake: No, I just look different.
Jermaine: Eh, that sounds like denial.
Jake: No, it doesn't!
Jermaine: Come on, bro.
Nothing's different! I'm the same! Same old Jake! Completely...normal! [he morphs into a dragon-like shape]
Jake: This looks bad, but deep down,I'm not different. And you're not different either, right? You'll go back to painting landscapes?
Jermaine: No one is making me do this. I painted so many landscapes that the shapes of the land began to lose their meaning. And the shapes broke apart to me, so I painted them like that. And it's not like my new paintings erase my old paintings. They're both me. Okay. I think I'm starting to get it. I like the new look, by the way.
Jake: 'Cause you like your brothers to be crazy shapes?
Jermaine: Sure. Also, Dad told me you might go through some changes one day.
Jake: Huh?
Jermaine: He told me to be supportive. But I would've done that anyway.
Jake: I wonder what he meant.
Jermaine: You knowhow secretive Dad was. Sorry I don't have more answers.
Jake: Well, do you have any more of these paintings?
[Jermaine smiles, and then Jake watches as the paintings float around him (in his imagination)]
Jake: The shapes are always changing. Changing is their normal state, like us. Even if we're not changing on the outside, we're changing on the inside constantly. There's some stuff about me that I've been ignoring for a long time. I'm afraid of that stuff. But it's part of who I am. As long as I know the shape of my soul, I'll be alright.
Jermaine: Wow. You really understand my art.
Jake: Oh, I totally don't understand anything.
[Both laugh]
[Jake enters the Tree House]
Finn: Hey, you're back.
Jake: Yeah, I went to see Jermaine. He says hi.
Finn: No, I mean, like,you're really back.
Jake: Huh?
[Jake goes to the mirror, and sees that he's yellow again]
Jake: Different, yet the same.