[Opening Credits. Caption says: "This Episode Has Been Modified To Fit Your Primitive Screen."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The Mailbot pushes the mail through the letterbox."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Entrance."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler yaps as the letters come through the letterbox."
[Cut to says: "They hit him and he runs away."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Most of the staff sit around the table with drinks."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler runs in from the lounge and Farnsworth comes in through the other door."
[Cut to says: "He treads on Nibbler."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "Several years ago I tried to log on to AOL, and it just went through."
Farnsworth says: "Whee!"
Farnsworth says: "We're online!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The staff climb into what looks like blue VR suits."
Farnsworth says: "Go ahead, get into these net suits."
Farnsworth says: "I designed and tested them myself."
Leela sniffs her glove.
Leela says: "They smell like burning Rhesus Monkey."
Farnsworth says: "Really?"
Farnsworth says: "I guess when you're around it all day you stop noticing."
Farnsworth says: "Off you go."
He presses a button and the staff disappear into the web.
[Cut to says: "Outside Internet Browser."
[Cut to says: "They have turned green and are holographic."
Fry says: "Hey!"
He puts his arm through himself and laughs. He ties his arms in knots.
Bender says: "Behold: The Internet!"
He presses the enter button and a white light engulfs the crew.
[Cut to says: "Internet Browser."
[Cut to says: "The crew stand on a Tron-like clifftop."
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "It's full of ads!"
The ads caw like birds and dive at the crew à la The Birds. Amy and Zoidberg scream as the ads flutter around them. Hermes limbos out the way of one. Leela kicks the "No Way" and "No" buttons on the ads. One chases Bender around. Another flies at Fry and wraps itself around him. Leela pulls him free.
Leela says: "Follow me!"
She flies off the cliff towards the Internet and they follow. Fry looks down at it.
Fry says: "It's immense."
Leela says: "It's got every piece of information anyone could ever want."
Fry sees the porn sites.
Fry says: "So I see!"
He flies down to the porn sites and Bender and Hermes follow him.
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "What's going on here?"
He sees a sign advertising "Sardine-on-Mackerel Action", warbles and flies towards it.
Time Lapse. The staff wander around the porn-infested Internet. Amy sees a site called "Amy Wong Naked". She pokes her head through the door.
Amy says: "Hey, that's me!"
Bender says: "No, it isn't."
Bender says: "I just took some pictures of your face and stuck them on someone else's body."
Leela puts her head into the website.
Leela says: "Hey!"
[Scene says: "Outside Adult Chat Rooms."
[Scene says: "The staff join the queue."
[Scene says: "At the front of the queue several kids dressed as adults go in."
Doorman says: "Are you over 18?"
Young Boy says: "Yes."
Younger Boy says: "Yes."
A baby spits his dummy out, gurgles and walks in.
[Scene says: "Adult Chat Rooms."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender, Amy and Leela walk through a corridor."
Bender says: "I'm telling you, Fry, they've got a chatroom for everybody."
Bender says: "And here it is."
He and Fry walk into a Filthy Filthy Chat Room.
Amy says: "Ew, that is so gross!"
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "I'll stick with this one, thank you."
Amy says: "Yeah."
They walk into a Filthy Chat Room.
[Scene says: "Filthy Filthy Chat Room."
[Scene says: "Bender looks around and chuckles."
[Scene says: "He pulls down a menu and selects a sexy nurse disguise."
[Scene says: "He taps a man on the shoulder."
Bender says: "Hi, I'm a naughty nurse and I really need someone to talk to."
Bender says: "$9."
Bender says: "95 a minute."
Man says: "Ooh, you're a dollar naughtier than most."
He hands Bender some cash and he pockets it.
Bender says: "So how 'bout them Knicks?"
[Scene says: "Filthy Chat Room."
[Scene says: "Amy sits at a bar and a man makes a winky smiley face at her."
[Scene says: "She groans."
Nerd #1 says: "Hello?"
Nerd #1 says: "Are there any girls in this room at all?"
Nerd #2 says: "Yeah, bring on the hot chicks 'cause I'm a hot stud."
Nerd #3 says: "Yeah!"
Nerd #3 says: "So are we!"
Leela pushes her way to the centre of the crowd.
Leela says: "I'm a woman, if that's what you mean."
Leela says: "I don't like to play games, so I'll just say I'm a cyclops, I'm a spaceship captain, I'm the only one of my species and I'm interested in meeting a man."
Nerd #4 says: "A woman!"
Nerd #4 says: "I'm scared."
[Scene says: "Internet Browser."
[Scene says: "The staff fly away from the chat rooms."
Fry says: "Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm bored with sex."
Fry says: "Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?"
Bender says: "Is the Space Pope reptilian?"
[Scene says: "Outside Death Factory III."
[Scene says: "The crew walk towards a colosseum-like gaming zone."
Hermes says: "Get ready for fun, Fry."
Hermes says: "Nowadays, we have a type of game played entirely on video."
Leela says: "We call it a "video game"."
Fry says: "Uh, "video game" you say?"
Fry says: "Well, golly gee, you mighty spacemen of the future will have to show me how it works."
[Scene says: "Death Factory III."
[Scene says: "Fry runs around the game, laughing and dodging machines and shooting lasers from his fingers."
[Scene says: "He rolls under something, shoots some crates, shoots Donkey Kong and swings on a rope."
[Scene says: "Amy shoots at him but misses."
[Scene says: "He shoots back and she shatters like glass."
[Scene says: "A nerd shoots at him and Fry shoots back and shatters him."
[Scene says: "Hermes puts his finger to Fry's head but Fry leaps into the air, spins around and shatters Hermes."
[Scene says: "Bender and Leela shoot at him."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg slides down a rope chasing Fry and shooting."
Zoidberg says: "The doctor is in!"
Zoidberg says: "The doctor is out!"
He shatters. Farnsworth's head appears in the game.
Holo-Farnsworth says: "Everyone, please sign off."
Holo-Farnsworth says: "We have a delivery."
She shoots him and he goes off again. She kicks Bender into a machine and he goes through the workings à la Modern Times. He comes out the other end like a slinky and rolls down some steps into some boiling lava. Farnsworth appears again and before he can speak Leela and Fry shoot him. Fry shoots at Leela but misses. She shoots back and he ducks behind a machine. Leela follows him, tense. Someone backs into her and she gasps and turns around. It is another cyclops.
Leela says: "Who are you?"
Cyclops says: "I saw you in the chat room but you left before I had a chance to talk to you."
Cyclops says: "After all these years of searching for another Cyclops."
Leela says: "I can't believe it."
Leela says: "I've dreamed of this moment all my life."
Fry shoots the Cyclops. He laughs and ducks behind a machine.
Leela says: "Fry, you idiot."
Leela says: "Ever since I was abandoned on Earth I've been searching for who my people are and where they come from."
Leela says: "Then I finally meet another Cyclops and you blast him."
Leela says: "You wrecked my one chance to learn who I am!"
Fry walks behind the machine, finger at the ready.
Fry says: "Oh, Leela, I feel terrible."
Fry says: "If there's anything I can ever do--  I won!"
Fry says: "I'm the greatest!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "Everyone else has taken off their netsuits."
[Cut to says: "Fry is still in his, jumping around and laughing like an idiot."
Leela says: "Come on."
Leela says: "We have work to do."
She pulls his goggles away and snaps them back.
[Scene says: "Ship's Bridge."
[Scene says: "Fry has his feet up."
Fry says: "Are you still mad at me for wrecking your once-in-a-lifetime chance to learn the meaning of your existence?"
Leela says: "No, I'm just happy you were able to win a video game."
Leela says: "Now let's concentrate on getting this desperately-needed popcorn to the people of Cineplex 14, OK?"
The video screen comes down from the ceiling.
Operator says: "It's not spam."
Leela says: "Huh?"
Leela says: "It's him!"
Cyclops says: "To Leela."
Cyclops says: "Subject: Hello."
Cyclops says: "I am Alcazar."
Cyclops says: "Fortunately I wrote down your screenname before I was dispatched by that oafish moron."
Fry says: "Kicked your ass!"
Alcazar says: "Leela, we have much to discuss."
Alcazar says: "Please come join me on the planet of your birth."
Alcazar says: "Co-ordinates follow."
Some co-ordinates appear on the screen and the email ends.
Fry says: "Well, too bad we gotta make that urgent popcorn delivery."
Leela pulls a lever.
Leela says: "It'll get there."
[Scene says: "The cargo bay hatch opens and a crate of popcorn flies out."
[Scene says: "The ship turns around and flies away."
[Scene says: "The popcorn crate explodes and forms a spiral of popcorn."
[Scene says: "Cyclopia Surface."
[Scene says: "The ship lands, and the crew step out of the ship."
[Scene says: "In front of them is a ruined city."
Leela says: "After a whole life of searching, I may finally have found where I belong."
Bender says: "Too bad it's a dump."
Time Lapse. Leela, Fry and Bender make their way through the vines and arrive in the middle of a city.
Leela says: "Look at that statue."
Leela says: "It's only got one eye."
Fry says: "Lazy sculptor!"
Alcazar says: "Welcome home, Leela."
She turns around. He is standing on a balcony.
Leela says: "Alcazar?"
Leela says: "Are you real?"
Leela says: "Or am I seeing single?"
She pokes him in the eye.
Alcazar says: "Ow!"
Alcazar says: "Of course I'm real."
Leela says: "After all this time, somebody else with one eye who isn't a clumsy carpenter or, uh, a kid with a BB gun."
They hug.
Alcazar says: "It's alright, Leela."
Alcazar says: "You'll never be alone again."
Alcazar says: "Come, let me introduce you to yourself."
Alcazar says: "Do you mind if your servants walk?"
Leela says: "Not at all!"
They leave in the carriage. Bender steals the crown from the top of the statue and chuckles.
Time Lapse.
Alcazar says: "We are the last remaining Cyclopses."
Alcazar says: "Our planet is Cyclopia."
Alcazar says: "This is the capital, Cyclops City."
Alcazar says: "Stop me if I'm going too fast for you."
Leela looks around.
Leela says: "There's so much information and yet somehow I feel as if I know it all already."
Alcazar says: "This sacred mosaic depicts our goddess of beauty."
The mosaic looks like Botticelli's The Birth of Venus.
Fry says: "Hmm, you got any sacred artwork of her from the back?"
Alcazar says: "Her perfect eye reminds me of yours, Leela."
Alcazar says: "Had our race survived, you would have been a temple priestess or a supermodel."
Leela says: "Oh, please!"
Leela says: "Really?"
The carriage moves on. Bender takes the jewel from the middle of the mosaic eye.
Time Lapse. Alcazar shows them another statue.
Alcazar says: "And there's the infamous pirate, Purple Beard, scourge of the six seas."
Fry says: "What's over that hill?"
Alcazar says: "The Forbidden Valley."
Alcazar says: "A holy sanctuary where no one may tread."
Fry says: "Is that anything like a cemetery 'cause I gotta take a leak."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Fry, that's offensive to our people."
Leela says: "Isn't it?"
He nods and she slaps Fry again.
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Outside Castle."
Alcazar says: "This is my home."
Alcazar says: "I hope you don't think less of me because I live in a giant castle."
Leela says: "Oh, no, not at all."
Leela says: "If anything, I'm more impressed."
[Cut to says: "Castle."
[Cut to says: "He throws open the doors."
[Cut to says: "The castle is full of jewels."
[Cut to says: "Bender's eyes zoom in."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "I'm gonna need to make some room."
He opens his chest cabinet and takes out a goldfish bowl, a toaster, and another two goldfish bowls.
[Cut to says: "Castle: Alcazar's Bedroom."
Alcazar says: "In here is where I dream my lonely dreams and cook my simple meals."
Leela says: "It's all so sad."
Leela says: "What happened to our people?"
Alcazar looks at her and moves over to the window and looks out. A tear trickles down his face.
Alcazar says: "It's too painful to speak of now."
Alcazar says: "Come, I'll show you your quarters."
They leave. Bender sees a sword on the wall, checks no-one is looking and swallows it. The sword is a little too long and Bender can't walk properly. He clanks as he walks out.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Castle: Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "At night, Leela is awoken by crying."
[Scene says: "She sees Alcazar standing on a balcony, looking at the city."
[Scene says: "She gets up and goes to him."
[Cut to says: "Castle: Balcony."
[Cut to says: "She puts her hand on his shoulder."
Leela says: "I heard you from my room."
Leela says: "What's wrong?"
Alcazar says: "Nothing."
Alcazar says: "It's just-- No, Leela."
Alcazar says: "I don't want to see tears in your perfect eye."
Leela says: "Please, is it about the fate of our people?"
Leela says: "Because I'm very interested in that."
Alcazar says: "Well, OK."
Alcazar says: "But it's chilly and you're going to be all wet from the tears."
Alcazar says: "Let's go into my chamber."
They walk inside.
[Scene says: "Castle: Alcazar's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "They sit on Alcazar's bed."
Flashback. Cyclops City is thriving.
Alcazar says: "Unfortunately, one of the 40 planets hit, was ours."
On Cyclopia a Cyclopian man looks through a telescope at the sky.
Cyclopian Man #1 says: "How far away do you think it is?"
Cyclopian Man #2 says: "A trillion miles?"
The missile lands behind them and explodes.
Flashback ends.
Alcazar says: "Things got hot."
Alcazar says: "You look a little hot, actually."
Alcazar says: "You can take off that jacket."
Alcazar says: "Our people don't like to be hot."
Alcazar says: "Anyway, just before the impact..."
Flashback. A Cyclopian doctor delivers a baby.
Alcazar says: "Our smartest scientists managed to save one baby."
The doctor puts the baby in a rocket and the parents wave goodbye.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "Alcazar, I used to be a baby, it might have been me!"
Flashback. Cyclops City is on fire.
Alcazar says: "Fortunately, I was employed as a pool cleaner at the time and, when I emerged from retrieving a dead possum, I found I was the only one left."
Alcazar sees the flames, screams, and falls to his knees melodramatically.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "It's so tragic."
Alcazar says: "Yes, but the real tragedy is that our race ends with us."
Leela says: "It doesn't have to."
Alcazar says: "What do you mean?"
Leela says: "You're a male and I'm a female."
Alcazar says: "I'm still not following you."
She pushes him onto the bed and kisses him.
Time Lapse. Morning has broken and Leela and Alcazar are in bed. Leela wakes.
Leela says: "Wake up, my king."
Alcazar wakes up and coughs.
Alcazar says: "Oh, jeez, what a night."
Alcazar says: "Make me some coffee, would you."
He puts his head back on the pillow.
Leela says: "Uh, sure, OK."
Leela says: "What do you take with that?"
Alcazar says: "Pancakes and sausage."
Alcazar says: "Kitchen's in the basement, pans are in the attic."
Leela says: "Maybe after breakfast we can talk about rebuilding our civilisation."
Alcazar snores loudly.
[Scene says: "Castle: Dining Room."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender eat with Leela and Alcazar."
[Scene says: "Fry eats a pancake."
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Fry says: "Great pancakes, Leela."
Alcazar says: "Yeah, they'll come in handy if I need to cover any tiny manholes."
Alcazar says: "Listen, hon', we don't want to look like slobs in front of the other species, do we?"
Leela says: "No."
Alcazar says: "So get to work on these dishes."
Alcazar says: "And then organise my collection of naked celebrity photos by name and what you can see."
He points to an overflowing filing cabinet.
Alcazar says: "Call me Al."
Leela says: "Look, Al."
Leela says: "I know you've been living alone a long time and I can sympathise, but I'm not your maid."
Alcazar says: "You're right, I'm sorry."
Alcazar says: "I guess the relationship isn't going to work."
Alcazar says: "So much for the Cyclops race."
Leela gets up.
Leela says: "OK, OK, I'll do the dishes."
Leela says: "Hey, where'd they go?"
Bender walks out with the sound of crockery coming from him.
[Scene says: "Outside Castle."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender watch Leela pegging out the washing."
Bender says: "Ah, Leela's experiencing the greatest joy a woman can feel: Worshipping some low-life jerk."
Fry says: "He may be some low-life jerk but I don't trust him."
Fry says: "I think he's hiding something and I'm gonna find out what it is."
[Scene says: "Outside Forbidden Valley."
[Scene says: "Fry walks up to the gate and sees the "No Trespassing" sign."
[Scene says: "He laughs."
Fry says: "Try and stop me!"
He hops over the gate and a trap door opens underneath him and he falls down a deep hole.
[Scene says: "Castle: Living Room."
[Scene says: "Alcazar sits on a couch staring at a TV."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela dressed up like Peg Bundy from Married..."
[Scene says: "with Children."
Leela says: "Al?"
Leela says: "I did my hair the way you wanted it."
Leela says: "Who are these people?"
A pig, a rat man and a rat woman sat on another couch.
Alcazar says: "Friends."
Leela says: "Hey, where'd you get this couch and that TV set and all this stuff?"
Alcazar says: "They were giving it away on the street corner."
Alcazar says: "Just like you, Leela!"
Alcazar's friends cheer and hoot.
Leela says: "Too bad they weren't giving away the three things you actually need: Mouthwash, a back wax and stain-proof underwear."
More hooting.
Rat Woman says: "You go, girl!"
Alcazar says: "By the way, your pal Fry fell into the dungeon."
Alcazar says: "Take him a taco so he doesn't die and stink up the place."
Leela says: "Come on, Al, can't you let the little guy out?"
Alcazar says: "Jeez, Leela, twice in one day?"
Alcazar says: "I'm not Superman!"
The rats and pig cheer wildly. Leela leaves.
[Scene says: "Outside Dungeon."
[Scene says: "Leela crouches down to a little barred window which Fry is behind."
[Scene says: "He eats his taco."
Leela says: "Why were you sneaking into my people's forbidden valley?"
Fry says: "'Cause I think Alcazar's hiding something from you."
Fry says: "Listen, Leela, you may not like it, you may not believe it, you may not wanna hear it but Alcazar's a jerk."
Fry says: "He's bad for you."
Leela says: "I know."
Fry says: "You do?"
Leela says: "Fry, if it's obvious to you with your learning disability then of course it's obvious to me."
Leela says: "He's crude and gross and he treats me like a slave."
Fry says: "Then dump his one-eyed ass."
Leela says: "I can't."
Leela says: "If I leave Alcazar, that's the end of the Cyclops race."
Leela says: "And I won't let that happen."
Leela says: "Even if it means a lifetime of unhappiness."
A toilet flushes.
Alcazar says: "Leela!"
Alcazar says: "Mop up in aisle number two!"
The pig and rats hoot.
Leela says: "I'll break up with him at dinner."
Fry says: "I'll be there."
Time Lapse. The table is next to Fry's window. He eats.
Alcazar says: "Yo, Leela, what gives?"
Alcazar says: "Pig says your slop tastes like crap."
Pig says: "Yeah."
Pig says: "Like crap."
Fry tugs Leela's leg.
Fry says: "C'mon, Leela, you deserve better than this guy."
Fry says: "Dump him already!"
Leela says: "I'm trying."
Alcazar taps his glass.
Alcazar says: "Hey, everyone, jam a sock in your spit faucets."
Alcazar says: "Leela, will you marry me?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "No!"
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "I will!"
Fry groans. Everyone else applauds. Alcazar and Leela kiss. Rat Woman elbows Rat Man.
Rat Woman says: "They're getting married!"
Rat Man catches on.
[Scene says: "Outside Castle."
[Scene says: "A limo pulls up and Amy, Farnsworth, Zoidberg and Hermes step out."
Amy says: "Congratulations, Leela!"
Zoidberg says: "Hello."
Hermes says: "Oh, this is great!"
Leela says: "Glad you could make it."
Bender says: "It's a magical day."
The guests bend down to Fry's window.
Fry says: "Welcome!"
[Scene says: "Castle: Dining Room."
[Scene says: "At the "Pre-Wedding Chug-A-Thon", everyone helps themselves to the buffet."
[Scene says: "Leela puts a decoration on top of the wedding cake of a Cyclops woman buffing a Cyclops man's shoes."
Fry says: "Psst, Leela."
Fry says: "You've gotta get me out of here."
Fry says: "It's horrible!"
Fry says: "Eating scraps, letting my waste drop wherever it falls like an animal in the zoo."
Leela says: "Animals go in the corner."
Fry says: "The corner!"
Fry says: "Why didn't I think of that?"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Look, Fry, I'd like to help you but it's my wedding and I'm kind of busy."
Leela says: "Here."
Leela says: "Try to be happy for me."
Leela says: "That way at least one of us will be."
[Cut to says: "Dungeon."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks away from the window."
Fry says: "That's it!"
Fry says: "It's time for this bird to walk."
He hits the bottle against the door trying to get it open. The cork flies out of the bottle, out of the dungeon and hits the door release button. The door opens. Fry laughs and tip the bottle over his head. The door starts to close again. He screams and scrambles through it.
[Cut to says: "Outside Castle."
[Cut to says: "Fry runs out and looks around."
[Cut to says: "Bender leans against a tree."
[Cut to says: "Rope holds his door shut because it's so full of stolen things."
[Cut to says: "There is also a sack next to him."
[Cut to says: "Fry sees him."
Fry says: "Bender, come on."
Fry says: "We've gotta get some dirt on Alcazar."
Fry says: "Let's go and find out what makes the Forbidden Valley so forbidden."
Bender says: "Uh, no, thanks."
Bender says: "I'm good."
Fry says: "But there's probably some cool forbidden stuff you can steal."
Bender says: "I don't know, Fry."
Bender says: "For the first time in my life I feel like I've stolen enough."
Fry slaps him.
Fry says: "Bender, snap out of it!"
Bender shakes his head.
Bender says: "Sorry, I don't know what came over me."
Bender says: "Let's go."
Bender says: "I love stealing, I love taking things!"
[Scene says: "Garden."
[Scene says: "At the wedding, Alcazar yawns."
[Scene says: "Hermes plays Here Comes The Bride and Farnsworth walks Leela up the aisle."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg wipes his eyes."
Zoidberg says: "That pig over there is wearing the same sandals as me."
[Scene says: "Outside Forbidden Valley."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry ride Alcazar's lizards towards the gate."
Fry says: "Come on, boy, jump!"
Fry says: "Good boy!"
[Cut to says: "Forbidden Valley."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Bender come to a clifftop."
Bender says: "Whoa, Mittens!"
They look out over the valley and gasp.
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "Four identical castles!"
Bender says: "Each more identical than the last!"
Time Lapse. Fry and Bender come to a statue similar to the one in Cyclops City.
Fry says: "That's weird."
Fry says: "It's another Cyclops, only this one has five eyes."
Bender sees another Birth Of Venus-style mosaic.
Bender says: "And here's another one with no eyes."
He takes the jewels from her eyes.
[Scene says: "Garden."
[Scene says: "The wedding is in full swing."
Preacherbot says: "Does anyone have a reason why this couple shall not be joined in the irrevocable shackles of holy bliss?"
Farnsworth says: "Saving a race of one-eyed monsters?"
Farnsworth says: "Who could object to that?"
Leela looks worried.
Alcazar says: "Cut to the chase, Preach!"
Preacherbot says: "Do you, Alcazar..."
Preacherbot says: "take this woman before you..."
Preacherbot says: "to love..."
Preacherbot says: "in sickness..."
Preacherbot says: "do you part?"
Alcazar says: "Yeah, sure I do."
Alcazar says: "Come on, faster!"
Preacherbot says: "Do you, Leela, copy and paste his response till death do you part?"
Leela looks around. Zoidberg waves, the rats and pig watch a TV. She looks at Alcazar. He makes an encouraging gesture.
Leela says: "I..."
Enter Fry and Bender on the lizards. Everyone gasps.
Amy says: "Oh, my God!"
Alcazar says: "What the--?"
Fry says: "Hey, Alcazar, you left somebody off the guest list."
Enter a five-eyed woman in a wedding dress.
Five-Eyed Woman says: "Alcazar, why you are so late for our wedding?"
Five-Eyed Woman says: "And why you have only one eye?"
Alcazar says: "It..."
Alcazar says: "ooh, uh!"
Alcazar says: "She-- She's nuts."
Alcazar says: "I can morph into a five-eyed alien and I kinda said I'd marry her."
Alcazar says: "But I'm really a Cyclops and I'm really going to marry you."
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Then what about this?"
A rhino-faced woman in a wedding dress runs in. Alcazar morphs into a rhino.
Alcazar says: "This is a bit awkward."
Five-Eyed Woman says: "Who's she?"
Leela says: "Who's she?"
Sandy says: "Who are they?"
Alcazar says: "Go back to the castle, Sandy."
Fry says: "And maybe you'd like to meet her."
Fry says: "And her."
Another alien. Alcazar morphs into each of them and eventually morphs into all five at once.
Alcazar says: "Leela, this must all be very confusing."
Leela says: "A little."
Leela says: "That's why I've decided to hurt you until you explain it."
She kicks him. The five-eyed woman pushes him back and Leela kicks him again.
Sandy says: "Show us your real form!"
Leela says: "Yeah!"
Alien #2 says: "Do it!"
The purple alien screeches.
Sandy picks Alcazar up and throws him and Leela kicks him into a table which collapses under him. Everyone gathers round. He crawls out, now looking like a grasshopper.
Alcazar says: "Well, this is the real me."
Alcazar says: "But I can explain: We all have needs."
Alcazar says: "Mine was to make it with five weirdos and have them scrub my five castles."
Alcazar says: "I gave you all what you wanted and of course I made a few bucks letting Pig watch through the two-way mirror."
Alcazar says: "Can any of you say you wouldn't have done the exact same thing in my position?"
Bender cries.
Bender says: "He's a saint!"
Leela says: "But why did you have all five weddings on the same day?"
Alcazar says: "Hey, lady, you got any idea what it costs to rent a tux that changes shape?"
Leela says: "Alright, Alcazar, I just have one last question for you."
Alcazar says: "What's that?"
Leela says: "If you can change form, why didn't you change it in the one place that counts?"
Everyone cheers and hoots.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from the planet."
[Scene says: "Amy is at the controls and Bender is admiring his loot."
[Scene says: "Leela sits on the arm of the couch with Fry and Farnsworth."
Leela says: "Thanks for saving me from that creep, Fry."
Fry says: "Hey, that's what I do."
Leela says: "I guess I was so desperate to find out who I really was, I forgot who I really was."
Farnsworth says: "No harm done."
Farnsworth says: "In the many decades you'll work to repay me for that shipment of popcorn you destroyed, you'll have plenty of time to search for your true home."
Leela gets up and stares out of the window.
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "I mean, how many planets can there be?"
She looks out into the vastness of space and the ship glides away.
Closing Credits.