[Opening Credits says: "This time, it's personal."
[Scene says: "Planet Express, Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The crew are sitting at the table."
Hermes says: "Item one..."
Hermes says: "Duck!"
Prof. Farnsworth says: "Cubert, you crapscallion!"
Prof. Farnsworth says: "What aren't you in school?"
Cubert says: "I couldn't get past the protesters."
Cubert says: "A bunch of smiling, angry people were handing out these anti-evolution flyers."
He shows the Professor one. It shows a woman spanking a man wearing a dunce cap that says "Darwin". It reads "Teach truth, not evolution. Also bring back spanking".
Farnsworth says: "Evolution is under attack in our schools?"
Farnsworth says: "To the science mobile."
Leela says: "You mean the ship?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes."
Farnsworth says: "The science mobile!"
Leela says: "It's just that you've never called it that before, but okay."
[Scene says: "Wozniak Nerd Academy."
[Scene says: "The ship passes a sign that says "Go Flinchers!"
[Scene says: ""."
[Scene says: "It lands."
Woman says: "I don't understand evolution, and I have to protect my kids from understanding it!"
Woman says: "We will not give in to the thinkers!"
The crowd listening cheers.
Farnsworth says: "You people are as loud as you are ignorant."
Farnsworth says: "Now, get back on your turnip trucks and go home!"
The crowd boos.
Hydroponic farmer says: "That is an insultingly accurate stereotype, sir!"
Farnsworth says: "As a professor of science, I assure you that we did, in fact, evolve from filthy monkey-men."
Dr. Banjo says: "I cannot speak for you, sir, but my ancestors were not monkeys."
Dr. Banjo says: "They were orangutans."
Dr. Banjo says: "Hard-working, patriotic orangutans."
An orangutan walks up from the crowd. He is wearing a suit and glasses.
Farnsworth says: "Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Banjo?"
Dr. Banjo says: "In the fur."
Dr. Banjo says: "And I remind you that evolution is merely a theory."
Dr. Banjo says: "Like gravity, or the shape of the Earth."
The crowd cheers again.
Flying Spaghetti Monster says: "Hey, Professor, I'm a Flying Spaghetti Monster."
Flying Spaghetti Monster says: "You seriously believe I've descended from some kind of flightless manicotti?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Banjo says: "Oh, please."
Banjo says: "A far more logical explanation is the undisprovable science of Creatureism."
Banjo says: "All life was created in its present form seven thousand years ago, by a fantastical creature from outer space!"
Farnsworth says: "Bunk!"
Banjo says: "Oh!"
Banjo says: "If you elitist, East Coast evolution is real, why has no one found the missing link between modern humans and ancient apes?"
Farnsworth says: "We did find it!"
Farnsworth says: "It's called Homo erectus!"
Banjo says: "Then you have proven my case, sir, for no one has found a link between apes and this Homo erectus."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, they have!"
Farnsworth says: "It's called Homo habilis!"
Banjo says: "Ah-ha!"
Banjo says: "But no one has found the missing link between ape and this so called Homo habilis."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, they have!"
Farnsworth says: "It's called Australopithecus africanus!"
Banjo says: "Oh-ho!"
Banjo says: "I've got you now!"
Banjo says: "Fair enough, but where, then, is the missing link between apes and this Darwinius masillae?"
Banjo says: "Answer me that, Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Okay, granted, that one missing link is still missing, but just because we haven't found it doesn't mean it doesn't exist!"
Banjo says: "Things don't exist simply because you believe in them."
Banjo says: "Thus sayeth the Almighty Creature in the Sky!"
[Scene says: "Olduvai Gorge."
[Scene says: "A sign reads "Welcome to Olduvai Gorge."
Farnsworth says: "I'll show that banana-swilling, poop-slinger!"
Farnsworth says: "We just need to find that last missing link."
Leela says: "I found a missing link."
Leela says: "It seems to be half-man, half-toucan."
Farnsworth says: "Not what we're looking for."
Farnsworth says: "Throw it in the soup!"
Hermes says: "And here's something."
Hermes says: "Uh-oh."
Hermes says: "It's another one of Fry's dogs."
Fry says: "Did you find something, Hermes?"
Amy says: "I hate chiseling right after a manicure."
Amy says: "Oh!"
Amy says: "Darn it!"
Amy says: "I broke off one of my fingers!"
Zoidberg says: "What, too soon?"
Cubert says: "I highly doubt a Jurassic Elaphrosaurus has access to neckwear."
Zoidberg says: "I knew I should have gone with the ring-around-the-collar joke."
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "I found a robot fossil!"
Farnsworth says: "That's a bedspring, you dumb bedspring!"
Farnsworth says: "There are no robot fossils!"
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Who says I didn't evolve?"
Farnsworth says: "Everybody!"
Farnsworth says: "Robots were created quite recently."
Farnsworth says: "It was in all the papers."
Bender says: "Then explain this!"
Time Lapse.
Farnsworth says: "I've hit a rich vein of missing links."
Farnsworth says: "Java Man, Piltdown Man, Manfred Mann."
Farnsworth says: "It's the elusive missing missing link!"
Farnsworth says: "This will show Banjo, once and for all!"
The crew cheers from nearby, where they are eating their soup.
Fry says: "What the..."
Amy says: "Oh, that's mine."
[Scene says: "NNY."
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "A banner reads "World Bone Premiere"."
Bender says: "Hmm, my tux doesn't fit."
Bender says: "Probably because I've grown so much since I last wore it, or evolved, one might say."
Farnsworth says: "One might not say that!"
Farnsworth says: "Your tux doesn't fit because you stole it from a boy!"
Bender says: "You mean a man!"
Bender says: "It was his Bar Mitzvah."
Ben Beeler says: "Welcome, museum members."
Ben Beeler says: "Or, as I like to call you, future exhibits."
Zoidberg says: "He's good."
Beeler says: "Tonight, we have a new resident here in the hall of Hominids, generously donated by its discoverer, Hubert Farnsworth."
Beeler says: "Ladies and gentlemen, Homo farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Once again, science saves the day."
Farnsworth says: "The end."
Beeler says: "And now, to discuss the scientific implications of this discovery, our new museum curator, Dr."
Beeler says: "Banjo!"
The Professor does a spit take His dentures land in a painting of a Tarsier.
Banjo says: "Thank you Professor Farnsworth, for your generous gift, which has, once and for all dis-proven evolution."
Banjo says: "Behold!"
Banjo says: "Homo farnsworth frolicking with dinosaurs at the moment of creation."
Farnsworth says: "I don't want to live on this planet anymore."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship blasts off."
[Scene says: "Deep Space."
Farnsworth says: "Faster!"
Farnsworth says: "Faster!"
Farnsworth says: "Just drop me off at that asteroid over there."
[Scene says: "Robo-Planetoid."
Leela says: "Wow, this planetoid is completely lifeless."
Farnsworth says: "Not lifeless enough!"
Farnsworth says: "Set up my shack so that I can kick you out of it!"
Hermes sets down a container labeled "Blow Shack" and pulls the cord. The shack pops up and sends Hermes flying.
Fry says: "Professor, is this your only water source?"
Fry says: "It looks like Diet Dr."
Fry says: "Pepper."
Farnsworth says: "It's not that bad."
Farnsworth says: "It's just laden with toxic minerals."
Farnsworth says: "But not for long."
Fry says: "What's in the tube?"
Farnsworth says: "Microscopic Nanobots."
Farnsworth says: "They're tiny robots I designed to eat up nasty irritants."
Fry says: "Speaking of nasty irritants, what's going to become of Cubert?"
Farnsworth says: "Who?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my son."
Farnsworth says: "Don't worry, he's been safely abandoned with his godfather."
[Scene says: "Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Cubert and Dr."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg are sitting at a table."
Zoidberg says: "Cubert,  I felt we needed some father-son bonding time, so I found a couple of  baseball gloves and boiled them up for lunch."
Cubert says: "Why don't you just go to Hell!"
Zoidberg says: "Wait!"
Zoidberg says: "We still have to discuss the facts of life."
Zoidberg says: "What are they?"
[Scene says: "Robo-Planetoid."
Hermes says: "Okay, I finished moving the last grand piano."
Hermes says: "Now can we have our pizza?"
Farnsworth says: "You'll get your damned pizza, you parasite!"
Farnsworth says: "First, let see if my Nanobots have purified the water yet."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, the water's as sterile as my milkman-trusting father."
Farnsworth says: "But what's this?"
Farnsworth says: "The Nanobots have gotten more complex."
Bender says: "What's that you say?"
Bender says: "Those robots have evolved all by themselves, you say?"
Farnsworth says: "It wasn't by themselves!"
Farnsworth says: "I put them there."
Farnsworth says: "I'm a genius."
Farnsworth says: "Get over it!"
Amy says: "Hey look, now they gotten bigger."
Farnsworth says: "Good heavens!"
Farnsworth says: "Trilobots!"
The Trilobots cannibalize the ship while the crew look on in shock.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "My sunglasses were in there!"
Time lapse. The Trilobots attack the crew.
Hermes says: "Let's get the pizza out of here."
Amy says: "Look, there's a cave-like hole in that mountain."
Amy says: "It might be a cave."
Leela says: "Does anyone have a lighter?"
Bender says: "Hang on."
Leela says: "Okay, we've got shelter and just enough precious food to ward off starvation."
Hermes says: "It's pizza time."
Amy says: "Pineapple?"
Hermes says: "So much for that."
[Scene says: "Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Cubert's room."
Zoidberg says: "Hello, I remembered you like superheroes so I painted you a mural on your wall."
Zoidberg says: "This is Father-Man."
Zoidberg says: "He fights crime to earn Son-Boy's respect."
Zoidberg says: "Is it working?"
Cubert says: "This is sucky!"
Cubert says: "You suck!"
Cubert says: "Who taught you to do three-point perspective?"
Cubert says: "I could make a better mural with my butt!"
[Scene says: "Robo-Planetoid."
[Scene says: "The crew is waking up."
Hermes says: "Nothing like a cave for a good night's sleep."
Hermes says: "So what do we have to eat that's not poisoned with pineapple?"
Farnsworth says: "I packed plenty of food, but it's all in dehydrated pill form."
Leela says: "Then we need water from that pond."
Leela says: "We'll have to fight our way past the Trilobots."
Leela says: "Go!"
Leela says: "Go!"
Leela says: "Hit anything that moves!"
The crew rushes out, Karate-chopping the non-existent enemies. They all fall into a pile. They get up and take in their surroundings.
Fry says: "Whoa."
Bender says: "Wow."
Amy says: "A whole forest grew overnight."
Farnsworth says: "All these trees are robotic."
Farnsworth says: "I can't believe how quickly they sprung up."
Bender says: "I can."
Bender says: "Robots do everything faster."
Bender says: "Including evolving and believing how quickly things spring up."
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "Police!"
Leela says: "Everybody grab a club."
Amy says: "Look out for the next thing!"
A robotic Triceratops rams the T-Rex. The T-Rex robot falls into the water and the Triceratops turns on the crew.
Farnsworth says: "Great Scott, a Tricycle-tops!"
The two robot dinosaurs in the pond attack each other.
Fry says: "Woo-hoo!"
Fry says: "Throw down dinosaurs of the land and sea."
Fry says: "This is a cool way to die!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
Cubert says: "Dr."
Cubert says: "Zoidberg?"
Cubert says: "I'm sorry for treating you like a total Zoidberg..."
Cubert says: "I mean, loser."
Zoidberg says: "Go on."
Cubert says: "It's just that I get bullied a lot."
Cubert says: "I guess I kinda make fun of people as a defense mechanism."
Brett Blob says: "Hey, Cubert, is that your family mansion?"
Cubert says: "Why don't you ask your mom?"
Cubert says: "She's coming over for a sex visit."
Brett's insides start boiling and he pushes himself through a fence, coming towards Cubert. Cubert sees this and backs away, whimpering.
Zoidberg says: "Don't worry, I know just how to handle bullies."
Zoidberg says: "Just pretend like you're pathetic."
Zoidberg says: "Help, I'm scared."
Zoidberg says: "I wet myself."
Zoidberg says: "I'm crying like a baby and I'm soaking in pee, but what else is new?"
Brett says: "The pee-babies peed themselves."
Brett says: "I'm off to pottery class, dorkwads."
Zoidberg says: "And that's that."
Cubert says: "Woah!"
Cubert says: "You're like some kind of dumpster Template:Sw."
Zoidberg says: "So, you wanna come in maybe?"
Zoidberg says: "I've got a nice pound cake with a footprint on it."
[Scene says: "Robo-Planetoid."
[Scene says: "Fry is being taken to the robot Pterosaur's nest."
Fry says: "Ah!"
Fry says: "Don't eat my butt!"
The others are crawling in the brush, trying to get to Fry.
Leela says: "If this is anything like killing that pigeon on my balcony, we've got our work cut out for us."
The robot T-rex and another dinosaur attack them. Fry is still trying not to be eaten. The sun flares.
Farnsworth says: "Look out, a solar flare!"
An energy wave hits the Planetoid, turning Fry's hair into an afro and short-circuiting the robots.
Amy says: "What the shmell happened?"
Farnsworth says: "A mass extinction."
Farnsworth says: "That solar flare created a huge electromagnetic pulse that while harmless to organic life, short-circuited the robo-dinosaurs."
Leela says: "Convenient."
Farnsworth says: "Only puny, mammal-like robots cowering in caves could survive such a catastrophe."
Bender waits until this moment to move the boulder and leave the cave. He is wearing a scarf.
Bender says: "Guys, guys!"
Bender says: "I taught myself to knit."
Farnsworth says: "Wait a moment."
Farnsworth says: "If we could scavenge the right parts from these robo-dinos, I might be able to construct a rudimentary spaceship to get us off this planet!"
Time Lapse. The crew is standing in front of a spaceship.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, well, it took almost two hours, but it's finished."
Farnsworth says: "Now let's go..."
Farnsworth says: "to sleep."
Farnsworth says: "It's solar powered, so we can't take off until sunrise."
Bender says: "Well, let's find something comfy to bed down on."
Nearby, Leela and Amy are kidnapped by unknown robots. The rest take no notice, with Bender fluffing his Fry-pillow and turning over.
Time Lapse. The next morning, a mechanical rooster crows and the crew leaves their cave.
Fry says: "Hey, looky here."
Hermes says: "Sweet robot swan of Botswana!"
Bender says: "Looks like the fittest did a little surviving last night, huh?"
Farnsworth says: "Whatever."
Fry says: "Hey, looky there."
Hermes says: "Those robo-cavemen have kidnapped our human regular-women!"
Fry says: "We gotta save them!"
Fry says: "But the only weapon we have is my fan dance."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm, I believe I can fashion a slingshot using this robot wishbone and this elastic from my pants."
[Scene says: "Cavemen's cave."
[Scene says: "The cavemen drops their captives on the ground."
[Scene says: "They grunt at them and drop a broom nearby."
Amy says: "I think they want wives, so just play along."
Amy says: "If it doesn't work out, we'll still get half their rocks."
Leela says: "I can earn my own rocks!"
Leela says: "Also, I don't want any rocks!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Crew's cave."
Farnsworth says: "Well, it took almost twelve hours, but it's finished."
Hermes says: "It's too dark now, but first thing tomorrow we'll slingshot them like they've never been slangshat."
Time Lapse. The next morning. The remaining crew run out of the cave, screaming war cries. They run right past Amy and Leela. They stop and run back.
Fry says: "What's going on?"
Fry says: "How did we save you?"
Amy says: "It was the weirdest thing."
Amy says: "We went to sleep, and when we woke up, our cave husbands were gone."
Leela says: "I'm gonna miss Spencer."
Something rustles in the bushes nearby. The robot woman comes out. Fry snorts and scratches his head in confusion.
Dr. Widnar says: "Don't be afraid, little guys."
Dr. Widnar says: "I'm not gonna hurt you."
Fry says: "Nice net."
Widnar says: "You..."
Widnar says: "you can speak?"
Hermes says: "Dread my locks!"
Hermes says: "A fully-evolved robot human."
Widnar says: "I'm Dr."
Widnar says: "Widnar, a naturalist."
Bender says: "And I'm Bender, baby."
Bender says: "My human slaves and I come from a planet where organic life and robotic life evolved side by side."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, shut up!"
Widnar says: "Amazing."
Widnar says: "I've theorized that carbon-based, fat-filled life could exist, but until today, I never had any proof."
Leela says: "Good for you."
Leela says: "Can we go home now?"
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural Robo-History."
[Scene says: "The crew looks at the "Ascent of Bot"."
[Scene says: "Widnar steps up to a podium."
Widnar says: "Welcome, museum members, or, as I like to call you, future exhibits."
Widnar says: "I now present my latest discovery, the amazing non-mechanical man, Homo farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Thank you."
Farnsworth says: "I must say, I'm so proud to see what you've blossomed into since I first created your ancestors."
The crowd gasps.
Widnar says: "What?"
Farnsworth says: "I thought you knew."
Farnsworth says: "You all evolved from some filth-gobbling Nanobots I designed."
Farnsworth says: "I dumped them in one of your ponds a few days ago."
Widnar says: "But this is Creationist talk!"
Robot Farnsworth says: "He speaks lies!"
Robot Farnsworth says: "The Earth was created in eons not days."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, relative to you, it was eons, but, well, look at this hologram I took the day before yesterday of a robot frolicking with a robo-dinosaur."
Widnar says: "I don't want to live on this planet anymore!"
Robo-Police says: "You're under arrest for crimes against science."
Farnsworth He is dragged off. No! Could you drag me by the restroom?
[USB Today Headline says: ""Trial of the Century."
[USB Today Headline says: "Carbon-based life-form accused of Creationism."
[USB Today Headline says: "" Underneath, "Carbon-based life-form discovered."
[Scene says: "Superior Gort."
[Scene says: "Exterior."
[Scene says: "Protestors are hassling the Professor."
Robot says: "Go back to Roboklahoma!"
[Scene says: "Superior Gort."
Superior Gort Judge says: "Order!"
Superior Gort Judge says: "In the matter of Everyone v."
Superior Gort Judge says: "Farnsworth, the alleged creationist faces a sentence of death by melting."
Superior Gort Judge says: "Who is representing the accused?"
Leela says: "I am..."
Bender says: "I am, your Honor."
Farnsworth says: "Bender, what the Hell are you doing?"
Bender says: "Shut up, I'm billing you by the hour!"
Bender says: "Besides, I'm a robot, they'll listen to me."
Bender says: "Ladytrons and gentlebots..."
Superior Gort Prosecutor says: "Objection."
Superior Gort Prosecutor says: "In the absence of pants, defense's suspenders serve no purpose."
Superior Gort Judge says: "I'm going to allow them, for now."
Bender says: "Thank you."
Bender says: "Your Honor, this meat-man does not deny that we robots are the glorious products of evolution."
Bender says: "He claim only to have played a small role in supplying the initial machinery."
Bender says: "I ask you, is that so crazy?"
Bender says: "Yes, it's completely crazy, and that is why you must find him not guilty by reason of insanity!"
Farnsworth says: "Objection, I'm not crazy!"
Farnsworth says: "I created you all and I came here in a homemade spaceship and lived in a cave."
Farnsworth says: "If you don't believe me, ask my uncle."
Fry gives a thumbs-up.
Superior Gort Judge says: "Prosecutor, your opening statement?"
Superior Gort Prosecutor says: "The prosecution rests, your Honor."
Superior Gort Judge says: "Very well, we will reconvene when the jury reaches a verdict."
A fork-lift carries the jury box out of the room.
Bender says: "Son, you in a whole mess of trouble."
Time lapse. The next morning. A gavel bangs.
Superior Gort Judge says: "Has the jury reached a verdict?"
Robotic gas forms says: "No, we have not, for we have evolved to a high state of consciousness."
Bender says: "That'll be $10,000."
[Scene says: "Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship lands."
[Scene says: "The Professor is showing Banjo pictures of his experience."
Banjo says: "Well, digital photographs don't lie."
Banjo says: "I admit that what you witnessed may have been some form of evolution."
Farnsworth says: "I'm glad you agree, Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Banjo."
Banjo says: "Evolution set into motion by a wise and all-knowing Creator."
Banjo says: "You."
Farnsworth says: "Well I don't know about all-knowing."
Farnsworth says: "And I admit it's possible, however unlikely, that some wise and all-knowing alien monster set evolution in motion here on Earth."
Bender says: "And the Creator could also be a robot."
Farnsworth says: "Then who built this so-called Creator-robot?"
Banjo says: "Some magical bearded robot in the sky?"
Bender says: "I guess that would be stupid."
Bender says: "Never mind."
Farnsworth says: "Then it's settled."
Farnsworth says: "Finally, a world in which I'm happy to raise my son!"
Zoidberg says: "Good, cause I'm sick of him!"
Closing Credits.
Zoidberg says: "I'm serious."
Zoidberg says: "He's a terrible person."