[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Coming Soon To An Illegal DVD."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth walks in with a sheet of paper."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "The university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges."
Farnsworth says: "Wait, that's not good news at all."
Leela says: "Whatever you did, Professor, I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, but they won't listen."
Farnsworth says: "Everyone's always in favour of saving Hitler's brain but when you put it in the body of a great white shark, ooh, suddenly you've gone too far."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Mars and cruises over the Mars University sign."
[Cut to says: "Mars University Car Park."
[Cut to says: "The ship lands in the car park."
[Scene says: "Mars University: Hallowed Hall."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth stands before several Mars University staff members under a spotlight."
[Scene says: "He wears a top hat and they are dressed in maroon gowns and hats."
Vernon says: "Professor Farnsworth, do you know why we've called you here today?"
Farnsworth says: "Listen to me, you pompous frauds."
Farnsworth says: "If I'm going down, I'm taking you all with me."
Farnsworth says: "Dean Vernon, I know the truth: It was you driving your hover-car that night, not your horse."
Farnsworth says: "Dean Epsilon, I know all about your "Department of Pool Boy Studies"."
Farnsworth says: "And Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom..."
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Vernon says: "Actually, Professor, we merely called you here to say..."
Vernon says: "Surprise!"
The room is filled with formally-dressed people. To one side a band is ready to play and Farnsworth is in the middle of the room. Behind the university staff "Happy Birthday" is displayed on a big, round screen.
Man #1 says: "Surprise!"
Man #2 says: "Happy birthday!"
Behind Farnsworth the Planet Express staff hold a banner reading "Happy Sesquicentennial Professor Farnsworth!".
Hermes says: "Surprise!"
Farnsworth ignores them.
Farnsworth says: "And you, Coach Smalley, or should I say "Coach hairpiece"?"
Leela says: "No, Professor!"
Leela says: "It's a surprise party for your 150th birthday."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh!"
Time Lapse. The Planet Express staff sit where the university staff were sat. Bender takes Dean Vernon's place. The screen displays a picture of Farnsworth. Bender plugs a mic into himself.
Bender says: "Good evening, I'm--  Whoa, sorry."
Bender says: "I'm Bender and I'll be emceeing this roast."
Bender says: "Y'know, they say you can judge a man by the company he keeps."
Bender says: "So here's the Professor's oldest friend, a grotesque, stinking lobster."
Zoidberg takes Bender's place and appears on the screen.
Zoidberg says: "Good evening, ladies and germs."
Zoidberg says: "Hey, Ringo, that was the joke."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, it's Showtime at the Apollo all over again."
He sits down. Bender gets back up.
Bender says: "Where would the Professor be without students who love and respect him?"
Bender says: "Right there!"
Bender says: "But seriously, of all the former crew members of the Professor's delivery ship, our next speaker is by far the most alive."
Bender says: "Captain Musky?"
A man who is a dead ringer for the wheelchair-bound Captain Pike from Star Trek takes the mic. His wheelchair beeps once and the audience howls with laughter. Zoidberg turns to Dean Vernon.
Zoidberg says: "I wouldn't wanna follow that guy!"
Bender laughs.
Bender says: "And now, a man who needs no introduction."
Bender says: "Fry, get up there!"
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "Roll film!"
[He sits down says: "A Living Obituary appears on the screen and it changes to a view of New New York City in the 29th century."
the lights dim says: "A Living Obituary appears on the screen and it changes to a view of New New York City in the 29th century."
behind him the film counts down in AL1. The title Hubert Farnsworth says: "A Living Obituary appears on the screen and it changes to a view of New New York City in the 29th century."
Leela says: "And before long he blossomed into a greasy teenager."
A picture of Farnsworth dressed in a Dungeon Master T-shirt appears. Fry points at the screen.
Fry says: "Dork alert!"
Leela says: "And even as he nears his 150th birthday, the Professor retains the fiery passion of youth."
The picture changes to Farnsworth a few minutes before.
Farnsworth says: "Listen, you pompous frauds."
Farnsworth says: "If I'm going down, I'm taking you all with me."
The picture freezes and is followed by the caption "Hubert J. Farnsworth. To Be Continued...?" The picture ends and everyone applauds. Farnsworth looks away from the screen sadly.
Bender says: "How 'bout a few words, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "Eh, wha?"
Bender says: "I said "words"."
Farnsworth stands up and the audience applauds.
Farnsworth says: "Uh, what a pleasure it is to see my lifetime of accomplishment summed up in a 3-minute film."
Farnsworth says: "My best years are behind me."
Farnsworth says: "So much left undone."
Farnsworth says: "So little time."
He sits down and hangs his head. Bender applauds.
Bender says: "Funny, funny stuff."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sits glumly on the couch with the rest of the staff surrounding him."
Farnsworth says: "My life is over."
Leela says: "No, it isn't."
Leela says: "You have another 10 years left."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "He could live another 100 years!"
He winks theatrically.
Leela says: "No, he couldn't."
Leela says: "When you turn 160, robots from the Sunset Squad take you to a mysterious planet and you never return."
Fry says: "Wow, a whole planet of old people."
Fry says: "Where is it?"
Bender says: "Nobody knows!"
Farnsworth says: "So many loves half-loved, so many inventions half-invented."
Farnsworth says: "That damn time machine alone set me back 15 years."
He points to a cobweb-covered contraption in the corner.
Zoidberg says: "If only it'd worked, you could go back and not waste your time on it."
Farnsworth says: "There's no one to carry on after I'm gone."
Farnsworth says: "No one to take care of my work and my research and my fabulous fortune."
Farnsworth says: "By God, that's it!"
Farnsworth says: "I've got to name a successor."
Fry says: "A successor?"
Zoidberg says: "A successor to the Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "There's no time to lose."
Farnsworth says: "I'm off to my lab to build a successor-naming machine!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Everyone except Farnsworth is at the table."
Fry says: "Man, the Professor's been in his lab for days."
Bender says: "I hope he didn't die."
Bender says: "Unless he left a note naming me his successor."
Bender says: "Then I hope he did die."
Zoidberg says: "You?"
Zoidberg says: "The successor?"
Zoidberg says: "Over my empty shell!"
Zoidberg says: "The Professor will pick me."
Zoidberg says: "Only I have his lobster-like tenacity."
He clacks his claws.
Hermes says: "Up yours, Zoidberg."
Hermes says: "Up wherever your species traditionally crams things."
Hermes says: "The only sensible way to choose a successor is with a limbo contest."
Leela says: "What?"
Hermes says: "Kingston rules."
Hermes says: "Two men go down, one come up."
He gets up off his chair and limbos towards the kitchen.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "He limbos underneath the oven."
[Cut to says: "Leela puts a bin in front of it and leans against it."
Leela says: "Look, the Professor trusts me with a giant spaceship."
Leela says: "He wouldn't trust the rest of you with his dentures."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Amy has Farnsworth's dentures in her mouth."
Amy says: "Yesh, he would."
Fry says: "Sorry, everyone, but need I remind you?"
Fry says: "Blood is thicker than water."
Zoidberg says: "Blood..."
Zoidberg says: "thicker..."
Zoidberg says: "water."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Scene says: "On the lab door is a sign reading "Mice Please Enter Through Maze"."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth's monogrammed towel hangs on a rail to the side."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "The staff are all assembled."
Farnsworth says: "Everyone, I have a very dramatic announcement."
Farnsworth says: "So anyone with a weak heart should leave now."
Farnsworth says: "Goodbye."
He turns to leave.
Leela says: "Uh, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, oh, yes, the announcement!"
Farnsworth says: "As you all know, I am not long for this world."
Leela says: "Yes, we know."
Hermes says: "True, mon."
Amy says: "Buh!"
Fry says: "One foot in the grave."
Farnsworth says: "So I've picked my successor."
Farnsworth says: "It's someone in whom I have great faith -- even though his mind is undeveloped and he's accomplished nothing."
Farnsworth says: "My closest living relative."
Fry says: "Oh, yeah!"
Farnsworth says: "My clone, Cubert Farnsworth."
Fry gasps and Farnsworth throws a huge switch. Electrical gadgets fizzle and a huge glass tank slides up along the wall. The lights go on and the staff gaze at a chubby orange-haired boy suspended in the tank. They gasp.
Zoidberg says: "He's horrible!"
Fry says: "Crud."
Fry says: "Can I at least be in charge of your dentures?"
Amy says: "You wish!"
Fry says: "Where did Cubert come from?"
Farnsworth says: "12 years ago I began the cloning process by removing some skin cells from one of the shapelier growths on my back."
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "If he's your clone, why doesn't his nose look like yours?"
Farnsworth says: "I left him in his first tube too long and he got squished up against the side."
Bender says: "Is he dumb or just ugly?"
Farnsworth says: "Let's find out."
He presses a button and the water drains out of the tank. Cubert coughs and splutters. The crew stare at him.
Cubert says: "What?"
Cubert says: "You've never seen a genius's wiener before?"
Zoidberg says: "No."
Leela says: "Never."
Fry says: "Well, once in the park."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The hangar roof is open and Leela works on the ship in a hover-cradle."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender roll pennies against the wall."
[Scene says: "Fry grumbles."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg takes a ketchup sachet out of a box, opens it and sucks the ketchup out."
Zoidberg says: "Mmm!"
Cubert walks into the hangar from the lab.
Cubert says: "As long as I'm going to be in charge here, let me examine my so-called "crew", if it can so be called."
Cubert says: "First of all, Dr."
Cubert says: "Zoidberg, do you even have a medical degree?"
Zoidberg says: "I lost it..."
Zoidberg says: "in a volcano."
Cubert says: "And why do we need a bending robot around here anyway?"
Cubert says: "What possible use do we have for you?"
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "me no speaka the English."
Cubert says: "And why does our space pilot have only one eye?"
Cubert says: "There's someone I'd like you to meet."
Cubert says: "His name is depth perception!"
He laughs.
She takes a swipe at him but misses.
Cubert says: "Wow, that hurt -- the air!"
Bender says: "Im pending para un bending!"
Farnsworth leans over the railings.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Cubert, come in here."
Farnsworth says: "I have something amazing to show you."
Cubert says: "What is it?"
Cubert says: "A competent employee?"
Cubert says: "I doubt that very much!"
He laughs and leaves. The crew mutter and grumble.
Fry says: "Little twerp."
Bender says: "Aye, Chihuahua!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Cubert stand among Farnsworth's countless inventions."
Farnsworth says: "As my successor, I'm trusting you to carry on my work."
Farnsworth says: "These are just some of the half-finished inventions you'll spend your life finishing."
Cubert looks at the Smellescope.
Cubert says: "I didn't realise you were the inventor of the junk heap."
Farnsworth says: "That's my prize-winning Smellescope."
Farnsworth says: "If a dog craps anywhere in the universe, you can bet I won't be out of the loop."
Farnsworth says: "And this is my universal translator."
Farnsworth says: "Unfortunately so far it only translates into an incomprehensible dead language."
Cubert says: "Hello."
Universal Translator says: "Bonjour!"
Farnsworth says: "Crazy gibberish!"
Cubert says: "Don't you have any worthwhile inventions?"
Farnsworth says: "Why, certainly."
Farnsworth says: "Step over here."
[Scene says: "Outside Ship."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from Earth."
[Scene says: "Cubert and Farnsworth stand on the hull near the engines."
Farnsworth says: "These are the dark matter engines I invented."
Farnsworth says: "They allow my starship to travel between galaxies in mere hours."
Cubert says: "That's impossible."
Cubert says: "You can't go faster than the speed of light."
Farnsworth says: "Of course not."
Farnsworth says: "That's why scientists increased the speed of light in 2208."
Cubert says: "Also impossible."
[Scene says: "Ships Engine Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth admires the dark matter engines."
Farnsworth says: "And what makes my engines truly remarkable is the afterburner which delivers 200% fuel efficiency."
Cubert says: "That's especially impossible."
Farnsworth says: "Not at all."
Farnsworth says: "It's very simple."
Cubert says: "Then explain it."
Farnsworth says: "Now that's impossible."
Farnsworth says: "It came to me in a dream and I forgot it in another dream."
Cubert says: "Your explanations are pure weapons-grade bolog-nium."
Cubert says: "It's all impossible."
Farnsworth says: "Nothing is impossible."
Farnsworth says: "Not if you can imagine it."
Farnsworth says: "That's what being is a scientist is all about."
Cubert says: "No, that's what being a magical elf is all about."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff and Cubert are in the middle of their meal."
[Scene says: "Bender looks around and sees Elzar talking to some other diners."
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "It's Elzar, the TV chef!"
Bender says: "Oh, kill me now, people!"
Elzar joins them.
Elzar says: "How we doing here?"
Bender says: "Oh, Elzar, everything's so good!"
Elzar says: "What are you, an ass-kissing machine?"
Bender says: "Yes, sir!"
Bender says: "Good one, sir!"
Elzar leaves.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, it's a gem of an evening."
Farnsworth says: "I feel so wonderful having someone to take over my life's work."
Farnsworth says: "And it's all thanks to Cubert."
Cubert says: "Look, Professor, I may be identical to you in every possible way but that doesn't mean I'm anything like you."
Farnsworth says: "You..."
Farnsworth says: "wha?"
Cubert says: "I don't wanna be an inventor."
Cubert says: "I wanna be something useful like a teacher's aide or a prison guard or a science-fiction cartoon writer."
Farnsworth says: "But-But what about my hopes and my dreams and my wonderful inventions?"
Cubert says: "In your entire life your only half-decent invention was me and I didn't turn out like you wanted either."
Farnsworth looks away from Cubert and a tear trickles down his face. The others look on sadly. Elzar appears in the doorway.
Elzar says: "You folks still doing alright?"
Bender says: "Oh, yes, Elzar."
Elzar says: "Good, 'cause it turns out I forgot to cook that chicken."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "A storm rages outside the building."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth puts a tape in a camera and steps in front of it."
Farnsworth says: "Bad news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "By the time you watch this tape, I'll be gone, leaving behind me nothing but a history of failure and my original hip-bones."
Farnsworth says: "You see, I've been lying about my age; I'm not actually 150, I'm 160."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, vanity, thy name is Professor Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "And now that I have nothing to live for, I've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away."
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "A Sunset Squad ship flies through a gap in the storm clouds and stops next to the attic balcony."
[Cut to says: "The door opens and something climbs out, holding a scythe."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth takes the tape out of the camera and puts it in an envelope."
[Cut to says: "There is a flash of lightning and the windows fly open."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth gasps, turns around and sees the cloaked Reaperbot."
[Cut to says: "It beckons him."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth puts the envelope, labelled "To My Crew", on a table and starts to follow the Reaperbot outside."
Farnsworth says: "Goodbye, cruel world."
Farnsworth says: "..."
The Reaperbot lifts him over his shoulder and knocks him out on the window.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The remaining staff and Cubert watch Farnsworth's message on a hologram communicator similar to the one in Star Wars."
Farnsworth says: "And now that I've nothing to live for, I've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away."
The crew gasp.
Amy says: "What?"
Hermes says: "Oh, no!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh."
Farnsworth says: "I know you're all very upset, especially Bender."
Bender says: "Well, life goes on."
Bender says: "Except for you!"
He laughs.
Farnsworth says: "I'm sure that Bender has just made a cutting remark, but he doesn't know I taped over his soap operas to record this message."
Bender says: "You bastard!"
Fry says: "We've gotta get him back."
Cubert says: "Impossible!"
Cubert says: "No one knows where they take those old geezers."
Fry says: "Nothing is impossible."
Fry says: "You'd know that if you really took after the Professor, like I do."
Cubert says: "You're his uncle, dummy."
Cubert says: "He takes after you."
Fry says: "Uh..."
Fry says: "what?"
Cubert says: "Wait a second."
Cubert says: "That means I also take after you!"
He screams.
Leela says: "Quiet."
Leela says: "I think I know how to find the Professor."
Bender says: "Lay it on us, big boots."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The Smellescope points around the sky and Leela sniffs."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Cut to says: "The rest of the crew are with her."
Leela says: "If the Smellescope can pick up the Professor's odour, we may have a chance to save him."
Cubert scoffs and snorts.
Cubert says: "I think not."
Cubert says: "As you probably already don't know, odours are made up of particles that can't travel through the vacuum of space."
Bender electrocutes him and he screams.
Leela says: "I'm zeroing in on him."
Leela says: "..."
Leela says: "letters to the editor."
Leela says: "It's the Professor!"
Bender says: "To the flying machine!"
[Scene says: "The Smellescope has been mounted to the laser turret and the ship flies through space."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry operates the Smellescope from behind Leela's seat like a periscope."
[Cut to says: "He sniffs."
Fry says: "To the left!"
Fry says: "U-turn!"
Fry says: "U-turn!"
Cubert says: "We'll never find this place."
Cubert says: "Robots are very good at keeping secrets."
Bender says: "No, we're not, you little bed-wetter."
Bender says: "Oops!"
Bender says: "I'm sorry."
Leela points through the windscreen.
Leela says: "There it is!"
Leela says: "The Near-Death Star!"
[Scene says: "Near-Death Star Landing Pad."
[Scene says: "The massive structure looks like the Death Star from Star Wars with enormous spikes along the circumference."
[Scene says: "The ship circles a sizable dome and lands on a landing pad outside."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Leela put on Reaperbot cloaks."
Leela says: "OK, we'll tell them the Professor escaped and we're bringing him back."
Leela says: "Fry, you'll have to dress up like a 160-year-old man."
Fry says: "I'm on it!"
He pulls his trousers up around his chest and starts acting frail and decrepit.
Cubert says: "My God, the illusion is so perfect I almost forgot I was looking at an idiot!"
Leela says: "Now, they may ask for a DNA sample."
Fry pulls his trousers higher.
Fry says: "I'd like to see them find it!"
Cubert says: "This plan is impossible."
Cubert says: "We don't even have a sample of the Professor's DNA."
Bender says: "I think I know where to get some."
He pulls out a big syringe and points it at Cubert.
[Scene says: "Cubert's screams echo around the Near-Death Star."
[Scene says: "Outside Near-Death Star Guest Drop Off."
[Scene says: "Bender, Fry and Leela walk towards the opening door and past a sign reading "After 11pm Use Slot"."
[Scene says: "Fry wears a lab coat, thick glasses and is hunched over."
[Scene says: "There is a big hump in his back."
[Cut to says: "Near-Death Star Drop Off."
[Cut to says: "They walk in through the door."
[Cut to says: "Cubert starts talking from under the lab coat."
Cubert says: "Why do I have to be the hump?"
Fry says: "'Cause you're too ugly to be a wart."
He laughs and Bender and Leela join in. They carry on walking across a large platform towards the centre of the dome. They hear whirring noises and look over the side. Machines scoop up old people, strip them, bathe them, dress them in night gowns and finally place them in rocking chairs. The chairs move along a conveyor belt towards a large tube in the middle of the dome. There are conveyor belts going deep into the dome.
Leela says: "Your Medicare dollars at work."
They reach some barrierbots and guardbots. A barrierbot lowers a barrier in front of them.
Barrierbot #1 says: "Halt!"
Barrierbot #1 says: "Identify this guest."
Leela says: "Uh, this is Professor Hubert Farnsworth."
Leela says: "He escaped."
Barrierbot #1 says: "Escaped?"
Barrierbot #1 says: "No one escapes."
Barrierbot #2 says: "This guest does not look 160."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "I'm old."
Fry says: "Listen:  Hey, you kids, get off the lawn!"
Barrierbot #1 says: "Hmm, it is true old people are often concerned that there are children on their lawns."
Barrierbot #2 says: "There's no denying that."
Barrierbot #2 says: "But we'll still need to verify his identity with a DNA sample."
Bender holds up a jar labelled "Tissue Sample". The jar is filled with a liquid.
Bender says: "Got a hot, steaming batch right here!"
He puts it near Barrierbot #2.
Barrierbot #2 says: "We only needed one cell!"
Bender says: "Eh, keep the change, buddy."
Cubert says: "Stupid robot."
A guardbot turns around with it's gun.
Barrierbot #1 says: "Did your hump just say something?"
Fry says: "Uh..."
Fry says: "I-I've got talking hump syndrome."
Barrierbot #1 says: "Ah, T."
Barrierbot #1 says: "H."
Barrierbot #1 says: "S."
Bender drops some of Cubert's blood into a machine and it dings and displays "Hubert J. Farnsworth" on a screen.
Barrierbot #2 says: "Identity confirmed."
Barrierbot #2 says: "Return this shambling shuffle-boarder to his room."
Barrierbot #1 raises it's barrier.
Barrierbot #1 says: "7152 Maple Drive."
Leela says: "Sounds nice."
Barrierbot #1 says: "Prepare to be surprised."
[Scene says: "Near-Death Star: Maple Drive."
[Scene says: "Maple Drive is filled with thousands of immense grave-like structures, each containing thousands of small drawers, exactly like the rest of the Near-Death Star."
[Scene says: "Fry takes his glasses off and he Bender and Leela look around in awe."
Fry says: "So this is where they stick old people."
Fry says: "It's horrific!"
Leela says: "At least it keeps them from driving."
Time Lapse. They climb into a hover-vehicle and Leela flies it up the side of a gravestone. She reverses it past drawer number 7150, Ava Porter b.2790 d.Soon; 7151, Eloise Porter b.2856 d.Soon. She stops it next to drawer number 7152, Hubert J. Farnsworth b.2841 d.Soon. She puts her hands on the handle and turns to the others.
Leela says: "Brace yourself for the worst."
She pulls the drawer out. Farnsworth is lying in it with at least 24 tubes connected to him in various places. They scream.
Bender says: "And yet he looks so natural."
Cubert says: "What's happening?"
Leela says: "He's hooked up to a life-support system."
Leela says: "We have to disconnect him very, very carefully, or the shock could kill him."
A guardbot appears behind them in a flying machine.
Guardbot #1 says: "Freeze!"
Guardbot #1 says: "Seize them!"
Guardbot #2 says: "Seize them!"
Guardbot #3 says: "Seize them!"
Guardbot #4 says: "Seize them!"
Guardbot #1 says: "Get them-- I mean seize them!"
They fly around another corner and a guardbot hits a gravestone.
Guardbot #2 says: "Aww, I'm so bad at this!"
His hover-ship explodes. Leela looks behind at the other guardbots and steers the hover-ship past some huge machines loading old people into the drawers. She ducks and dives over and under them and another guardbot crashes.
Guardbot #3 says: "Uh-oh!"
His ship hits a machine and explodes. Leela turns the ship upwards.
[Cut to says: "Near-Death Star Guest Drop Off."
[Cut to says: "She smashes the hover-ship through barrierbot #1's barrier and he screams and feebly lifts what remains of it up and down."
[Cut to says: "The hover-ship speeds towards the door, which starts to close."
Leela says: "We're probably gonna make it, but we might not."
Cubert looks out the top of the lab coat.
Cubert says: "It's impossible!"
Cubert says: "We'll never fit."
Fry says: "Will too!"
He and Bender duck and Cubert smashes his head on the closing door, screams and flies back.
[Cut to says: "Outside Near-Death Star Guest Drop Off."
[Cut to says: "Cubert is lying on the Professor, dazed."
Cubert says: "Told you."
He blacks out. The hover-ship flies towards the landing pad.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela runs into the cockpit followed by Bender carrying Farnsworth, followed by Fry dragging Cubert."
[Scene says: "He drops Cubert and his heads hits the floor with a thunk."
Fry says: "Come on, Leela!"
Fry says: "Step your big boot down on the gas pedal."
She does.
[Cut to says: "Near-Death Star Landing Pad."
[Cut to says: "The ship takes off and the landing gear goes up."
[Cut to says: "The guest drop off door opens and three guardbots fly out."
[Cut to says: "Guardbot #1 shoots at the ship and two laser bolts hit the engine, causing it to shut down."
[Cut to says: "The ship falls onto the landing pad and the guardbots' hover-ships buzz around it."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "An alarm beeps and a red light flashes."
Leela says: "They've blown out one of our engines!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Fry says: "Fix it!"
Leela says: "Only the Professor knows how to fix it."
Leela says: "We have to wake him up."
She grabs Farnsworth's night shirt and shakes him around. Fry blasts him with an airhorn and Bender empties a chest cabinet full of water over him.
Fry says: "Try shocking him."
Bender says: "Your social security cheque is late!"
Bender says: "Stuff costs more than it used to!"
Bender says: "Young people use curse words!"
Fry says: "Damnit, we'll have to fix the engine ourself."
Leela says: "We can't, you bastard!"
Leela says: "No one knows how it works."
Leela says: "It's impossible!"
Cubert comes around and puts his hand in the air.
Cubert says: "Nothing is impossible."
Cubert says: "I understand how the engines work now."
Cubert says: "It came to me in a dream."
Cubert says: "The engines don't move the ship at all."
Cubert says: "The ship stays where it is and the engines move the universe around it."
Bender says: "That's a complete load."
Cubert says: "Nothing's a complete load."
Cubert says: "Not if you can imagine it."
Cubert says: "That's what being a scientist is all about."
Cubert says: "Right, Professor?"
Cubert says: "Let's ride!"
[Cut to says: "Near-Death Star Landing Pad."
[Cut to says: "The ships engines power up and they begin to move the universe in a flow-mo sequence lifted from The Matrix."
[Cut to says: "The ship flies away, blasting the guardbots away."
[Cut to says: "Near-Death Star defences fire on the ship and repeatedly miss as they makes their getaway."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Cubert and Farnsworth walk in from the lounge."
Cubert says: "Good news, everyone!"
Cubert says: "He's made a complete recovery."
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Hermes says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "All right!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm as spry as a 140-year-old."
Farnsworth says: "See?"
Farnsworth says: "I only broke one ankle."
Fry says: "So what were they doing to you in that awful drawer?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, they had me hooked up to a bizarre virtual world that seemed absolutely real."
Amy says: "What was it like?"
Farnsworth says: "It was as though I were living in a facility in Florida with hundreds of other old people."
Farnsworth says: "All day long we'd play bingo, eat oatmeal and wait for our children to call."
Everyone gasps in horror.
Leela says: "It's a hundred times more horrible than anything I could imagine."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Farnsworth says: "Thank you all for saving me."
Farnsworth says: "Especially you, my little clone."
Farnsworth says: "No matter what you decide to do with your life, I'm still proud of you."
Cubert hugs Farnsworth.
Cubert says: "I've already decided."
Cubert says: "Dad, when I grow up I wanna be just like you."
Farnsworth says: "Don't worry, son, you will."
Farnsworth says: "Incidentally, you might want to read up on a condition known as "wandering bladder"."
Cubert says: "Why?"
Farnsworth says: "No reason."
Farnsworth says: "No reason at all."
Closing Credits.