[Scene says: "The streets of New New York."
[Scene says: "Pedestrians walk and vehicles move; a man is operating a stand selling sunglasses for $8."
[Scene says: "A storm begins to brew, and all pedestrians take off except for the owner of the sunglasses store, who simply changes the sign on his stand from "SUNGLASSES: $8" to "LASERBRELLAS: $8", then opens up a laserbrella."
[Scene says: "He is then swept away by a moving tornado."
[Scene says: "Immediately afterwards, the storm clears up and the reading on the sign changes back to "SUNGLASSES: $8"."
[Scene says: ""$8" then moves up to "$9"."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela walk into the scene."
Leela says: "A lot of weather we're having."
Fry and Leela come across a puddle.
Fry says: "Allow me, m'lady."
Fry says: "Shall we go a-trousering?"
Leela says: "Fry, I appreciate the gallantry, but isn't this a bit much?"
Fry says: "You're right."
Fry says: "I'm sorry for showing my love."
Leela says: "Okay."
Leela says: "Fine."
Fry says: "Here, take my hand!"
Fry lifts his hand up to Leela. Leela takes his hand and walks on Fry's pants over the puddle. She immediately falls through the puddle and screams. She resurfaces a few seconds later, entangled by a set of green tentacles. She is sucked back down.
[Scene says: "The kitchen in the conference room of Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "Leela, who is covered in tentacle marks, is frying the tentacles over a stove."
[Scene says: "She salts the tentacles."
[Scene says: "In the background, Zoidberg, Bender and Amy sit at the conference table."
[Scene says: "Fry, who is only wearing his underwear, walks in and clips his pants to a white rope."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth then walks into the room."
Farnsworth says: "News and weather, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "I'm sure you've all noticed the bizarre atmospheric conditions of late."
Hermes walks into the room, covered in snow. He has no shirt on and is wearing boots with snowshoes, a snorkel and sunglasses and is holding a glass of iced tea.
Hermes says: "Come to mention it, yes."
Farnsworth says: "It seems something ain't right in the magnetosphere, so I'm launching this high-altitude weather balloon to gather more data."
Farnsworth pushes a button on a remote control, and the roof opens up. The weather balloon rises up in the air. Its string releases from a pipe, with Fry's pants still attached to it.
Fry says: "My pants!"
Fry says: "My lucky pants!"
Fry chases after the balloon, but it is too late.
Hermes says: "They don't look so lucky to me."
Fry says: "They are too!"
Fry says: "I was wearing them that time I found a dime in my ear!"
Fry says: "It was wearing them when I won a subscription to Redbook!"
Fry says: "And I was wearing them when I first met Leela, so, yeah, they're lucky!"
Leela says: "Aw..."
Leela says: "also, oh, Lord."
Fry says: "Plus, they're my only pants."
Bender says: "You've worn the same pants for a thousand years?"
Bender says: "No wonder they made a run for it!"
Bender says: "Woo!"
[Scene says: "The sky."
[Scene says: "The weather balloon flies away, with Fry's pants attached to it."
[Scene says: "The scene zooms out, revealing that the Planet Express ship is chasing after the balloon."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The balloon has just exited Earth's atmosphere, and the ship chases after it."
[Cut to says: "Inside the ship."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Fry watch as Leela pilots the ship and Professor Farnsworth navigates."
Farnsworth says: "Soon your trousers will slip the surly bonds of Earth, and ascend to the heavens!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna blast that balloon!"
[Scene says: "Earth."
[Scene says: "The pants fall back down to Earth in the New New York skies, and the ship follows them."
[Scene says: "The ship lands in a tree-covered area."
[Scene says: "Fry's pants have landed on the branch of a tree."
[Scene says: "Fry runs out of the ship to get them back."
[Scene says: "As he is about to get them, a hissing sound is heard, and Fry stops in his tracks."
[Scene says: "A badger is blocking his path."
Hermes says: "Look out!"
Hermes says: "A Central Park badger!"
Fry jumps up and attempts to grab his pants, but the badger jumps up as well and grabs the pants with its mouth. It falls on Fry's back and burrows down in a hole.
Fry says: "I'll save you, pants!"
Fry says: "Scruffy, do you have any varmint grease?"
Scruffy says: "What viscosity you need?"
Fry, covered in yellow grease, jumps in the hole. He falls into the hole underground, which is pitch-black. He lights a match, and discovers that the wall is covered in mysterious symbols.
Fry says: "Woah, there's writing in here!"
Fry says: "Also, this grease is flammable!"
Outside, the crew are waiting for Fry. Fire bursts from the hole. The scene cuts back to the underground, and a hand is seen spraying a white liquid. The camera zooms out, revealing that Scruffy is spraying Fry with a fire-extinguisher. Amy, who is holding a flashlight, and Zoidberg are looking at the symbols. Fry tries to get up, but Hermes falls on him.
Farnsworth says: "Incredible!"
Farnsworth says: "Who could have done this?"
Farnsworth says: "The sewer mutants?"
Leela says: "No, this isn't mutant language."
Leela says: "We use a lot more profanity."
Leela says: "!"
Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Amy and Bender walk over to Leela. She is hanging on a branch, about to fall into a hole.
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Take my hand!"
Leela takes Fry's hand, but is unable to catch a firm grip because the hand is covered in grease.
Leela says: "I'm slipping!"
Leela says: "The one time your hands aren't sticky, they're greasy!"
Fry says: "I'm sorry."
Leela slips and falls into the hole. A loud thud is heard, and the scene cuts to black. An eye begins to open.
Fry says: "Are you okay?"
Leela says: "I–ow!"
Leela says: "My leg!"
Leela says: "It's broken!"
Leela says: "How'd you get down here?"
Fry says: "We made a rope from my shirt and jacket."
Fry says: "I'll help you up."
Fry says: "Here, take my hand."
Leela says: "Stop telling me to take your hand!"
Leela says: "Look, Fry, your noble things keep making things worse."
Leela says: "Can't you just be a rude, unhelpful jerk like Bender?"
Bender says: "When I use up the toilet paper I don't put up a new roll!"
Fry has a disappointed look on his face.
Zoidberg says: "Fry, my friend, I found your pants!"
Zoidberg says: "And no sign of that crafty badger!"
Fry says: "All right!"
Fry says: "Lucky pants!"
Amy shines her flashlight in the direction the badger is running.
Amy says: "Oh my God!"
Amy says: "Look what my flashlight found!"
The flashlight reveals a giant pyramid, which has a giant circular object.
Zoidberg says: "A giant pyramid under New New York?"
Zoidberg says: "What badger could have built this?"
Farnsworth says: "And look at this intricately carved disk!"
Farnsworth says: "It merits years of study."
[Cut to says: "The streets of New New York."
[Cut to says: "People run away as Bender rolls the disk, destroying several cars in the process."
Bender says: "Ancient history coming through!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Scruffy, Hermes, Amy, Zoidberg, Bender and Leela, who is wearing crutches, are around the disk, which has been placed on the conference table."
[Scene says: "Amy and Professor Farnsworth are inspecting the disk with scanners."
[Scene says: "Behind the two is a computer."
Farnsworth says: "Amazing!"
Farnsworth says: "It appears to be some kind of extremely ancient calendar!"
Farnsworth says: "Predating even the girls of Sumeria!"
Farnsworth says: "Of course!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a Mayan calendar!"
Farnsworth says: "No..."
Farnsworth says: "wait!"
Farnsworth says: "There's some dried-up old stew on the screen."
<poem>Scruffy says: "Sorry."
<poem>Scruffy says: "I was eating a can of breakfast and looking at porn."
Amy rubs off the stew, revealing that what appeared to be the word "MAYAN" is actually the word "MARTIAN".
Amy says: "It's not Mayan, it's Martian!"
Leela says: "Amy, you grew up on Mars, right?"
Leela says: "Can you read Martian?"
Amy says: "A little."
Amy says: "I only learned enough to yell at my nanny."
Amy says: "Let's see..."
Amy says: "I think it means..."
Amy says: ""The sun will erupt..."
Amy says: "all shall perish."
Amy says: "Blah, blah, blah."
Bender says: "Get to the point!"
Bender says: "What does it say about me, Bender?"
Bender says: "The world?"
Bender says: "That's where I live!"
Bender says: "Told you it'd say something about me!"
Fry says: "So the world will end in three thousand twelve."
Fry says: "Why does that year sound so familiar?"
In the background, the sky turns from blue to red.
Farnsworth says: "Because that's the year that's this year!"
Farnsworth says: "See?"
Farnsworth points toward the window, and the camera zooms into it.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The sky is a reddish-orange, and multiple lightning storms are taking place."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "The crew gasp."
Scruffy says: "So, uh..."
Scruffy says: "are you all done with the computer?"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "An infernal storm is taking place."
[Scene says: "A dramatic piece of music stops playing."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Fry, Scruffy, Hermes, Amy, Zoidberg and Bender are standing around the calendar - which, like the conference table, is round."
Hermes says: "Is it just me - or is the world endin' more often these days?"
Amy says: "The calendar predicts fires, earthquakes, sharksplosions..."
Amy says: "Then, it just ends!"
Amy shrugs and puts her hands on her face. Farnsworth inserts a plug coming from the screen into the popped weather balloon's base.
Farnsworth says: "Exactly as the weather balloon foretold!"
Farnsworth says: "Before Fry blew his pants outta the sky, it detected the onset of a catastrophic sunspot cycle."
Farnsworth says: "It's starting!"
Farnsworth says: "This is the end of the world!"
Farnsworth points up with his right hand.
[Cut to says: "The streets of New New York."
[Cut to says: "People are running and screaming."
[Cut to says: "Hovercars are crashing."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans up."
[Cut to says: "A building and a billboard are displaying the words "WORLD ENDING"."
[Cut to says: "A man is on a rooftop and a woman and another man are looking out their windows."
[Cut to says: "A man in an apron screams as he falls down."
[Cut to says: "The rooftop man jumps and also screams and the woman jumps out her window and holds on to the edge."
[Cut to says: "The superhero from The Beast with a Billion Backs flies by and the music stops playing."
Superhero from The Beast with the Billion Backs says: "Cowardman, away!"
The superhero flies away and the woman falls off. A man in a suit holding a suitcase runs around a corner while speaking gibberish, throws the suitcase away, runs into Nine - who is holding a sign reading "THE END IS NEAR" - and shakes Nine. Nine looks angry as the man resumes running.
Nine says: "Some of us were crazy before it was cool."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express building."
[Cut to says: "The roof opens up."
[Cut to says: "The hangar of the Planet Express building."
[Cut to says: "The ship is rising up."
[Cut to says: "Inside the ship."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Hermes, Amy and Leela are seated down, strapped with seatbelts."
[Cut to says: "Several suitcases encased in netting are around them."
[Cut to says: "Leela is holding a key."
Leela says: "Evacuating the planet in 3..."
Leela says: "2..."
Farnsworth says: "So long, Earth!"
Farnsworth says: "Thanks for nothing!"
Farnsworth and Bender, who is smoking a cigar and reading Space Mall, are also seated. Leela puts the key in the ignition and turns. Several muffles are heard, but the ship fails to start up.
Leela says: "It's not starting!"
[Cut to says: "The streets of New New York."
[Cut to says: "Sal is trying to start up the truck."
Sal says: "Come on..."
Sal says: "comes on!"
[Cut to says: "The White House."
[Cut to says: "The roof is opened up, and the presidential spaceship is aimed towards the sky."
[Cut to says: "Inside the presidential spaceship."
[Cut to says: "Richard Nixon's head and a clone of the headless body of Agnew are seated."
[Cut to says: "Agnew is pushing a button, attempting to start up the ship."
[Cut to says: "Agnew grunts in frustration."
Nixon says: "Oh, let me try, headless clone of Agnew!"
Nixon says: "Damn thing just won't turn over."
Nixon says: "It's like Pat on a Sunday morning!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express ship."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth is turning a red button, testing out some frequencies."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, the Marconi is on the fritz too!"
Farnsworth says: "The electromagnetic storm is disabling all electronics on Earth!"
A sound is heard. Bender, whose hand is reaching into Farnsworth's pocket and holding his wallet, is frozen in place. A shutdown noise is heard.
[Scene says: "The balcony of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "The lightning storms continue to rage on in the orange sky."
[Scene says: "Leela is standing, and Fry walks in and joins her."
Leela says: "Well, it wasn't a bad life."
Leela says: "If only I could get back that time I spent watching Tron Legacy."
Fry says: "Leela, I've made up my mind."
Fry says: "Before we die, I'm gonna find and destroy every remaining copy of Tron Legacy!"
Leela says: "Fry, stop trying to do things for me!"
Leela says: "Whatever time we have left, just live it with me."
Leela says: "So..."
Leela says: "you wanna join the balcony club?"
Fry starts smiling. Zoidberg walks in on the two of them.
Zoidberg says: "The balcony club?"
Zoidberg says: "I have an individual membership!"
Fry says: "Zoidberg, get lost!"
Zoidberg says: "I am lost!"
Zoidberg says: "So long."
Fry and Leela start kissing and slowly go down off-camera. Amy barges through the doors.
Amy says: "Stop the end-of-the-world sex!"
Amy says: "We might survive after all!"
Fry and Leela get back up and groan.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth is in a coffin, and his head is rested on a pillow."
[Cut to says: "Something is in his nose."
Farnsworth says: "Alright, Amy!"
Farnsworth says: "What's so important that you interrupted my embalming?"
The scene zooms out, revealing that he is in the process of embalming himself. Hermes is holding a jar containing a green liquid as well an organ.
Amy says: "I translated more Martian symbols!"
Amy says: "There's a way off this planet!"
Amy says: "That underground pyramid isn't a pyramid–  It's a rocketship!"
The camera zooms out, revealing that they are underground outside the pyramid-like rocketship. Several bulldozers circle around it.
Zoidberg says: "It was worth waiting five hours to hear you finish that sentence."
Scruffy stops the bulldozer he is driving.
[Cut to says: "Inside the Martian rocketship."
Fry says: "A spaceship made of stone?"
Fry says: "With no electronics, it just might work!"
Bender says: "I'll stick with wind-up power, thank you very much!"
Amy, Hermes, Leela, Fry and Scruffy are inspecting the cockpit.
Leela says: "Hmmm..."
Leela says: "I've never flown a pyramid before."
Leela says: "But I used to drive around town in a mausoleum!"
Hermes says: "How many people can this thing carry?"
Leela says: "Well, the mausoleum held ten horny teenagers, so..."
Leela says: "maybe thirty-thousand."
Farnsworth says: "It's our moral duty to save as many lives as possible!"
Zapp says: "Mind if I appear?"
[Scene says: "Outside the White House."
[Scene says: "The camera pans down to a tube with an elevator underground that leads to an identical White House."
[Scene says: "Inside the underground White House."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express crew walk in with their hands up as Zapp continues to point the gun at them."
Nixon says: "Welcome to the hidey house."
Nixon says: "Brannigan!"
Nixon says: "Tell me about this freaky-deaky escape pyramid!"
Zapp says: "I can fly it, sir!"
Zapp says: "I just need to know where."
Zapp says: "And how."
Nixon says: "The obvious destination is Mars."
Amy says: "But we can only save thirty-thousand people!"
Amy says: "How do we choose who goes?"
Nixon says: "Well, let's see now."
Nixon says: "We'll need leaders..."
Fry says: "I'll miss you, Leela."
Fry says: "But it's okay."
Fry says: "Because then I'll die."
Nixon says: "Cut the waterworks, hippie!"
Nixon says: "The final decision will be made not by me, but by a cold, logical machine!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "A larger banner reading "SELECTION DAY" is hung up."
[Scene says: "Long lines of people stand outside."
Announcer says: "Who shall live and who shall die?"
Announcer says: "Step right up to the Contrabulous Choosematron!"
Elzar takes a card from a machine as Smitty and URL watch. Hattie, Petunia, Zoidberg, Bender, Fry and Leela are lined up.
Fry says: "I hate waiting in line to die."
Hattie takes her turn.
Announcer says: "Move it along, grandma!"
Announcer says: "Stick your hand in and take your chances!"
Hattie sticks her hand into a slot in the Contrabulous Choosematron.
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Female."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Crotchety."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Needed to keep others in their place."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted!"
Hattie says: "Damn straight, kajigger!"
A screen in the background reads "ACCEPTED" in bold, green text. Hattie walks away and Petunia takes her turn.
Petunia says: "Ooh, me next!"
Petunia sticks her hand into the slot.
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "We just got one of these."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Rejected!"
Petunia walks away and Farnsworth takes his turn, sticking his hand into the slot.
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Male."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Scientist."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Fond of crazy contraptions."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted!"
Farnsworth takes his ticket and walks away. Amy takes her turn, sticking her hand into the slot.
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Female."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Scientist."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "We were in the same sorority!"
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted!"
The screen in the background once again reads "ACCEPTED" in bold, green text. Amy takes her ticket and slowly walks away.
Amy says: "Sigma beta, see ya later!"
the Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Sigma beta, see ya later!"
Zoidberg takes his turn, and places his claw in the slot. The size of his claw forces him to squeeze it into the slot.
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Male."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Medical doctor."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Delicious with butter and lemon."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted!"
Zoidberg walks over to Hermes, LaBarbara, Dwight, Farnsworth, Amy and Scruffy, who are all standing together with their tickets.
Hermes says: "I wish they'd hurry."
Hermes says: "I want to get out of here before the mayhem starts!"
Bender says: "Mayhem?"
Bender says: "There's gonna be mayhem?"
Bender says: "I'm staying!"
Bender says: "Woo-eee!"
Fry says: "Well, might as well get it over with."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Male."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Delivery boy."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "No discernible skills."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted!"
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "'Cause I like his pants."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "My lucky pants!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "We can go together after all!"
Fry says: "Come on, get your badge!"
Fry says: "Take my hand!"
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Top gun pilot."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Natural leader."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Extreme combat training."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Rejected!"
Leela says: "What?!"
Leela says: "!"
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "With all spaceships inoperable, we only need one spaceship pilot!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the Martian stone spaceship."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is on the pilot's seat, pressing buttons."
[Cut to says: "Kif is sitting down in front of him, jotting down notes on a clipboard."
Zapp says: "Wonder what this doo-cracky does."
Zapp says: "Snake door."
Zapp says: "Roger!"
Kif sighs.
[Cut to says: "Madison Square Garden."
Fry says: "You can't reject Leela!"
Fry says: "Give her a badge, you stupid box!"
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Male."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Filthy hand."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Violent temper."
Contrabulous Choosematron says: "Accepted again!"
Fry says: "Nooo!"
Fry picks up the Contrabulous Choosematron and shakes him. Smitty and URL aim their guns at Fry.
Leela says: "Fry."
Leela says: "The box has spoken."
Leela says: "Go to Mars."
Fry says: "Remember how Bender dumped all that pig's blood on me?"
Fry says: "I wish I could remember with my boobs."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela, who has a sad look on her face, is sitting on the couch."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth faces her, holding a suitcase."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Hermes and Scruffy hold baggage and walk out the door."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is packing his clothes into a suitcase."
Farnsworth says: "Leela!"
Farnsworth says: "We're off to Mars!"
Farnsworth says: "We'll see ourselves out."
Farnsworth turns to walk out the door. Suddenly, Fry bursts in.
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "I did it."
Fry says: "I got a Leela a ticket!"
Fry says: "A-ah-uh-uh!"
Fry says: "A magician never reveals his secrets."
Fry says: "Except the Great Reveal-o!"
Zoidberg says: "That guy stinks."
[Cut to says: "A compound."
[Cut to says: "A sign reading "TICKET HOLDERS ONLY" is hung up."
[Cut to says: "URL and Smitty are inspecting tickets using scanners."
[Cut to says: "Two ticket-holders are approved and allowed to walk into the compound."
[Cut to says: "A line of people holding suitcases walk to the compound as police officers restrain an angry crowd of people."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that the compound holds the Martian stone spaceship."
[Cut to says: "Several lines of people walk around the ship and board it using stairwells."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Martian stone spaceship."
[Cut to says: "A light piece of easy listening music is playing in the background."
[Cut to says: "Passengers sit down and stow their baggage away as the camera pans over to Nixon and the headless clone of Agnew."
Nixon says: "I still don't see why you get the window seat."
[Cut to says: "The cockpit of the ship."
[Cut to says: "Kif is pushing some buttons."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is seated in the pilot's chair, holding a microphone."
Zapp says: "Folks, this is your captain."
Zapp says: "Our snake tanks are fully loaded."
Zapp says: "I figured it out!"
[Cut to says: "The compound."
[Cut to says: "The spaceship begins to ascend, causing stairwells to collapse and several people to fall."
[Cut to says: "The spaceship emits a bright beam penetrates a series of rotating wheels."
[Cut to says: "The spaceship takes off, and several people jeer, including Bender."
Bender says: "Boo!"
Bender says: "Don't come back!"
Bender says: "Well, let's get lootin'!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the Martian stone spaceship."
[Cut to says: "The camera focuses on Leela's ticket."
Leela says: "Fry, this is the most noble thing anyone has ever done for me."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Fry?"
The camera zooms out, revealing Leela is holding Nine's hand.
Nine says: "I'm a lot of people, but I'm not Fry!"
The camera zooms in on Leela's ticket. She peels off her photo, revealing that her ticket is actually Fry's ticket.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
The camera zooms out of the spaceship, which continues to fly away.
[Cut to says: "Earth."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on Fry's picture of him and Leela at the Planet Express prom."
[Cut to says: "Leela's head is missing from the photo."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that Fry is holding the picture and standing on the balcony of the Planet Express building."
[Cut to says: "He sniffles and wipes away a tear."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, showing the Martian spaceship flying in the orange skies of Earth."
[Cut to says: "The scene fades to black."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Martian spaceship flies towards Mars."
[Cut to says: "Mars."
[Cut to says: "The Martian spaceship lands on the Martian surface."
[Cut to says: "The stairwell of the ship opens."
[Cut to says: "Leo and Inez Wong are standing in front of the ship."
Leo says: "Welcome to Mars!"
Leo says: "It is with heavy heart and open arms that we receive Earth's only survivors!"
Leo says: "Admission: twenty dollar."
Amy says: "Dad!"
Amy says: "Gleesh!"
Zapp says: "Greetings, Marsmen!"
Zapp says: "We come to your planet to construct a gleaming city!"
Zapp says: "A second Earth on which to begin anew!"
Inez says: "Okay!"
Inez says: "Admission: twenty dollar!"
Amy and Kif hold hands. Leela walks into the scene.
Leela says: "I can't believe it."
Leela says: "Fry sacrificed his spot for me and I never even had a chance to thank him."
Zoidberg says: "Don't worry, Leela!"
Zoidberg says: "Earth is still there."
Zoidberg says: "Peaceful and serene as ever."
The camera pans up to show Earth in the sky.
[Cut to says: "The streets of New New York."
[Cut to says: "Several buildings are on fire."
[Cut to says: "The sound of alarms and breaking glass is heard."
[Cut to says: "Several people run away."
[Cut to says: "Fat-bot dances in the street."
[Cut to says: "A white car with a license plate labelled "POUPON" pulls up and crashes into the building for Herschel's Non-Discount Diamonds."
[Cut to says: "Inside Herschel's Non-Discount Diamonds."
[Cut to says: "Bender exits the crashed car, holding a bag with a green dollar sign on it."
[Cut to says: "He uses his hands and pushes several gems and jewelry into the bag."
[Cut to says: "He uses his arm to lift up a display case, causing several pieces of jewelry to fall through a crack in the case and into the bag."
[Cut to says: "He drops a brick on his palm and throws it at the window of his car, which then breaks."
[Cut to says: "He reaches through the window and opens the car."
[Cut to says: "Bender drives the car and bumps into a fire hydrant."
[Cut to says: "He drives off, leaving Fat-bot knocked out in the street."
[Cut to says: "Apartment 00100100."
[Cut to says: "Fry is seated on the couch."
[Cut to says: "A giant moneybag crashes through the window."
[Cut to says: "Bender enters through the broken window."
[Cut to says: "He snatches a TV antenna, a lamp and a newspaper."
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "You're stealing your own stuff!"
Bender says: "I am?"
Bender says: "You want a Torah?"
Fry says: "Nah, I'm not hungry."
Bender says: "Aw, what's the matter?"
Bender says: "Scared of dying?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "'Cause as long as Leela lives, I'll be alive too."
Fry says: "In her heart."
Fry says: "But really I'll be dead!"
[Cut to says: "A view of Mars from space."
[Cut to says: "A platform."
[Cut to says: "Nixon's head is on a podium with two diamond spikes next to it, facing towards an audience."
[Cut to says: "The headless clone of Agnew, Zapp and Kif stand next to him."
Nixon says: "Ladies and gentlemen."
Nixon says: "Our new Martian city is complete!"
Nixon says: "I give you..."
Nixon says: "Dick Francisco!"
The audience applauds. A magician releases some doves, causing the audience to gasp in awe.
Great Reveal-o says: "The doves didn't magically spring from my hand, but rather were crammed into this netting sewn into my sleeve!"
The audience claps.
Zapp says: "Thank you, Great Reveal-o!"
Zapp says: "And now, as a solemn testicle to those left behind on Earth, I present this monument, titled simply, "Heroes"."
Zapp pushes a button. A green clothes falls from a hidden structure, revealing a statue of a man, a woman and a little girl screaming. Leela sniffles and wipes a tear.
Leela says: "That frightened little girl in the statue reminds me of Fry!"
Unknown person says: "Stop the ceremony!"
Singing Wind appears, holding a box.
Nixon says: "Who is this non-Washington redskin?"
Singing Wind says: "I am Singing Wind."
Singing Wind says: "Chief of the native Martian tribe."
Leela says: "But I thought your people abandoned this planet."
Singing Wind says: "We did!"
Singing Wind says: "I just came back for my stuff."
Singing Wind says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Farnsworth says: "Fleeing Earth, of course!"
Farnsworth says: "We flew here in your great stone pyramid!"
Singing Wind says: "Seriously?"
Singing Wind says: "That thing flies?"
Amy says: "Of course!"
Amy says: "Your people left it so we could escape!"
Amy says: "I translated your warning that the world was doomed."
Singing Wind says: "Not your world."
Singing Wind says: "Our world!"
Singing Wind says: "We put calendar there to warn you not to visit Mars."
Singing Wind says: "It Mars that gonna be destroyed!"
Singing Wind says: "Why you think we so eager to abandon this dump?"
Singing Wind says: "You guys got ten, fifteen minutes max!"
Singing Wind says: "Well, so long!"
The spacecraft's roof closes and the spacecraft flies away. The crowd all face Amy with angry looks.
Amy says: "Hey!"
Amy says: "Ancient Martian's a very hard language!"
The sound of lightning is heard. The crowd, with the exception of Amy and Farnsworth, all run in fear.
Zapp says: "To the spaceship!"
Kif says: "There is no spaceship."
Kif says: "You had it dismantled to build that statue!"
Zapp says: "To the statue!"
Zapp says: "Ah!"
Zapp says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, what an idiot I was!"
Farnsworth says: "And by "I", I mean "you"!"
Farnsworth says: "The final solar flare is going to bypass Earth and strike Mars!"
[Cut to says: "A view of the Sun from space."
[Cut to says: "A solar flare just misses Earth and moves towards Mars."
[Cut to says: "Mars."
[Cut to says: "People continue to run in horror."
[Cut to says: "The solar flare hits Mars, sending a cloud of dust towards them."
[Cut to says: "They cover their faces and scream."
[Cut to says: "Lightning strikes, and one bolt hits the Heroes statue."
[Cut to says: "Debris from the statue falls on the ground."
[Cut to says: "Dwight, LaBarbara, Hermes, Zoidberg, Leela, Amy and Farnsworth stand together frozen in fear."
Hermes says: "My God!"
Hermes says: "One of the hundreds of contradictory prophecies is coming true!"
Leela says: "I should have known better than to trust one of Fry's romantic gestures."
Leela says: "Every time he says he loves me, I get killed!"
The surface of Mars cracks, and violet flames burst out.
Farnsworth says: "It's just as I only now began to fear!"
Farnsworth says: "The solar flares are igniting subsurface gas pockets!"
[Cut to says: "A view of Mars from space."
[Cut to says: "Violet flames burst out from Mars."
[Cut to says: "A large crack on the surface forms and an even bigger flare bursts out."
[Cut to says: "Mars begins to move."
[Cut to says: "Mars."
[Cut to says: "Scruffy and Farnsworth hug each other."
Amy says: "Ah!"
Amy says: "Mars is being blasted out of its orbit!"
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "You noble idiot!"
The camera zooms out of Mars and pans over the burning Martian surface.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express balcony."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender, who is under an umbrella, are sitting on deck chairs and drinking out of skulls."
[Scene says: "Two shovels rest on the wall."
[Scene says: "The weather on Earth has returned to normal."
Fry says: "You're right, Bender!"
Fry says: "Grave robbing is fun!"
Fry says: "And these piñas coladas are fantastic!"
Bender says: "The crazy weather cleared up too, for whatever reason!"
Fry says: "All in all, it's a fine day for an apocalypse."
Bender says: "So..."
Bender says: "you don't miss whatshername?"
Fry says: "Of course I do."
Fry says: "But even though we're millions of miles apart, somehow, I feel she's near me."
Bender says: "Very near!"
[Scene says: "A view of Earth and Mars from space."
[Scene says: "Mars moves even closer to Earth."
[Cut to says: "Mars."
[Cut to says: "Earth is seen extremely close in the sky."
[Cut to says: "People continue to run away."
[Cut to says: "The Earth rotates."
Hattie says: "Oh, no!"
Hattie says: "The kajigger of Gibraltar!"
Gibraltar hits Dick Francisco, destroying it.
[Cut to says: "Earth."
[Cut to says: "Mars continues to approach Earth."
[Cut to says: "New New York is in chaos."
[Cut to says: "People watch, screaming and frozen in fear."
[Cut to says: "The surface of Mars rubs against several buildings, wearing them down."
[Cut to says: "People start to run away."
Dandy Jim says: "I have got to quit drinking."
Gus says: "Thanks, friend!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Mars casts a shadow on the building."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express balcony."
Fry says: "Another great thing was, she always had room for dessert!"
[Cut to says: "Mars."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Hermes, Farnsworth, Scruffy, who is holding Washbucket, the headless clone of Agnew, who is holding Nixon's head, Amy, LaBarbara and Linda are running."
Farnsworth says: "We're passing surprisingly close to Earth!"
Farnsworth says: "When we reach 72nd Street, jump!"
They all jump off the Martian surface. Kif jumps as well, and lands perfectly on his feet. Zapp lands on him.
Zapp says: "Ah..."
Zapp says: "cushiony!"
Dwight, Scruffy, LaBarbara, Hermes, Farnsworth, Amy, Zoidberg and Hattie are outside the Planet Express headquarters. They cheer.
Amy says: "We made it!"
Amy says: "We're back home!"
Hermes says: "Okay."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Help!"
Leela says: "I'm still on Mars and I can't jump!"
Fry says: "Hang on, Leela!"
Fry says: "I'll save you again!"
Fry runs into the building.
Leela says: "Or somebody else could do it!"
Fry barges through the doors of the balcony. He climbs a set of stairs and onto the control tower.
Fry says: "Quick!"
Fry says: "Take my hand!"
Leela says: "I don't know."
Leela says: "Bad things happen when you say that."
Fry says: "I got her."
The sound of a bone cracking is heard.
Leela says: "Ow!"
The camera zooms out, revealing that Leela's arm has severed.
Fry says: "Oops!"
Fry says: "Try again!"
Leela says: "We're too far apart!"
Fry says: "No, we're not!"
Fry says: "Grab your severed arm with your other arm!"
Leela says: "Ew..."
Leela says: "kay..."
Fry says: "Huraa..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "aaah!"
Leela and Fry continue to scream. Leela releases her severed arm, which is still holding on to Fry's arm. The arms float away.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express headquarters at night."
[Scene says: "Mars has stopped moving, but is still close to Earth."
[Scene says: "The Moon is casting a light on Mars, which is casting a shadow on Earth."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express attic."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is applying bandages to the Leela."
[Cut to says: "Fry, who has bandages on his shoulder area, and Scruffy watch."
Zoidberg says: "Good thing Scruffy rescued Leela."
Scruffy says: "Don't thank me."
Scruffy says: "Thank the ladder."
The camera zooms out, revealing that Scruffy is holding a ladder. Farnsworth is near the birthing machine, watching two miniature arms.
Farnsworth says: "Your cloned arms should be fully grown in a month or so."
Fry says: "I hope you're not too mad at me, Leela."
Fry says: "For tearing your arm off and all."
Leela says: "I can't be mad."
Leela says: "I'm on way too many painkillers."
Leela says: "Plus, you were willing to sacrifice yourself so I could live!"
Leela says: "I mean, you failed..."
Leela says: "miserably..."
Leela says: "but you're the only person who loves me enough to try."
Fry says: "One last..."
Fry says: "foolish gesture?"
Leela tries to hold on to Fry, but her crutch gets in the way. She adjusts the crutch and puts it under her shoulder. They reach for each other's hands, but abruptly stop. They then hug each other. The camera pans up and the scene fades into a view of Fry and Leela's severed arms floating in space.
Closing credits.