[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Scratch Here To Reveal Prize."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry looks out of the window through a pair of binoculars."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender and Farnsworth sit at the table."
Leela says: "Oh, put down the binoculars, Fry."
Leela says: "The wall of that strip club isn't going to collapse twice in one day."
Fry says: "I know, and I've grown to accept that."
Fry says: "Now I'm more interested in that new pizza parlour across the street."
Fry says: "Kinda makes me pine for my days as a pizza delivery boy."
Fry says: ""Here's you pizza," I'd say."
Fry says: ""I didn't order any," they'd say."
Fry says: "And then I'd be off to my next adventure."
Leela says: "That story stunk."
Leela says: "Hand me the binoculars."
Leela says: "I think the owner is from Cygnus 5."
Farnsworth says: "Cygnoids?"
Farnsworth says: "On our block?"
Farnsworth says: "Flying foo!"
Farnsworth says: "They should go back where they came from."
Leela says: "Professor, please!"
Leela says: "Society's never gonna make any progress until we all learn to pretend to like each other."
Leela says: "Now let's go over there and make these hideous strangers feel welcome."
Farnsworth says: "No!"
[Scene says: "Family Bros."
[Scene says: "Pizza."
[Scene says: "The owners are a man and woman who look like giant fat insects with little antennae and thoraxes, but they have the same limbs as humans."
[Scene says: "They are speak with "Italian" accents."
[Scene says: "They stand in the middle of their restaurant awaiting customers."
Blek says: "You sure about these chairs?"
Blek says: "Guidebook says human legs bend down at knee."
She points at the chairs which have an extra part on the seat that bends up.
Blek says: "It's OK, Mama."
Blek says: "Anyone complains, I bend legs up for free."
Blek says: "Welcome to Earth pizza store."
Blek says: "Here, sit."
Blek says: "I bend knees for you."
Bender sits down and the Cygnoid bends his legs up.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "That's a-comfy!"
Fry and Leela sit down.
Blek says: "OK, now, what kind of pizza goes in you?"
Blek says: "Silt?"
Blek says: "Asbestos?"
Blek says: "We got guano -- very fresh!"
Fry says: "Uh..."
Fry says: "hmm..."
Fry says: "do you have any food?"
Blek says: "Here, try a deep dish pizza."
Blek says: "Contains four kind of things."
The Cygnoid woman cuts the "pizza" and something blue oozes out. Fry and Leela reluctantly taste it and spit it out.
Leela says: "I don't mean to offend, but this tastes like vomit."
Cygnoid Woman says: "Thank you."
Leela says: "No, actually, I did mean to offend a little."
Leela says: "This is awful."
The Cygnoids shout at each other in Cygnoid and then burst into tears.
Fry says: "Hey, hey."
Fry says: "What's wrong?"
Fry says: "Was it something Leela said?"
Cygnoid Woman says: "We come to Earth to start new life."
Cygnoid Woman says: "Raise fat spoiled Earth kids, hang many underwear from Earth clothesline, live Earthican dream."
They cry more.
Fry says: "Aw."
Fry says: "Don't cry, foreign people."
Fry says: "I used to work in a pizzeria and as soon as I stop hallucinating and blasting puke, I'm gonna teach you to sell pizza, Earth style!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "Oh, thank you, magic biped!"
She kisses his feet.
Blek says: "You save us, a-sir."
Blek says: "If we cannot make Earth pizza our dream will die."
Blek says: "Just like rats we crushed to make the wine."
Fry spits out the wine over Bender's face and Bender spits it back.
Time Lapse.
Fry says: "For starters, only use quality ingredients."
Fry says: "Case in point: No more live bees."
Fry says: "Oregano works equally well."
Fry says: "And when you put pizzas in the oven, don't get in with them."
He opens the oven door and a Cygnoid inside immediately closes it.
Cygnoid #2 says: "Hey, ocupado!"
Fry says: "Most important of all is the big screen TV."
Fry says: "Human families need a TV when they're eating so they don't have to talk to each other."
Fry says: "Ah, the Earthican pastime: Blernsball!"
The pitcher pitches and Bob Uecker commentates.
Uecker says: "Mulligan drives the ball."
Uecker says: "It's going, going and caught by the shortstop."
Uecker says: "Mets lose again."
Uecker says: "Man, I haven't seen play this bad since the days of Bob Uecker!"
Uecker says: "This is Bob Uecker saying thanks for watching!"
The Cygnoids watch.
Blek says: "Mets?"
Blek says: "Shortstop?"
Blek says: "Pinching the hitter?"
Blek says: "I don't understand this "blernsball"."
Fry says: "Well, if you're going to be Earthicans, we'll have to teach you."
Fry says: "How about your pizzeria plays a game against Planet Express?"
Fry says: "Oh, but you'll need nine players."
Cygnoid Woman says: "No problem!"
She shouts in Cygnoid and seven Cygnoids climb out of the oven.
Cygnoid #2 says: "Play the ball!"
[Scene says: "Central Park."
[Scene says: "People sit in the Cavern On The Green and a dog catches what looks like a frisbee."
[Scene says: "The "frisbee" opens and three little aliens shout at the dog."
[Scene says: "On the blernsball pitch, the teams get ready for their game."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth doesn't play and shouts from the seats."
Farnsworth says: "Go, team!"
Farnsworth says: "Beat those no good Cygnoids!"
Farnsworth says: "Show them they stink at a game they've never played before!"
Leela is the pitcher and Blek goes up to bat.
Blek says: "Ah, this is why I love Earth!"
Blek says: "Beautiful star-brightened day, friendly blernsball game with chum pals!"
Blek says: "So pleasant for everybody."
Leela throws the ball and beans him. He falls over.
Scruffy says: "Hit by a pitch."
Scruffy says: "Take your base."
Leela gasps.
Leela says: "Sorry about that."
Leela says: "I guess I needed a few more warm-up pitches."
Another Cygnoid steps up.
Bender says: "No batter!"
Bender says: "No batter!"
Bender says: "No batter anymore."
Scruffy says: "Take your base."
Leela says: "I didn't mean to hit you."
Leela says: "I have some trouble with depth perception."
Cygnoid #2 says: "Yeah, me too now."
A third Cygnoid goes to bat.
Bender says: "Hey, batter, batter, batter!"
Bender says: "Hey, batter, batter, batter!"
Bender says: "Hey, batter, batter!"
Bender says: "Duck!"
Scruffy says: "Take your base."
A crowd of people gather around and start watching the game. Another Cygnoid goes to bat.
Cygnoid #3 says: "Please, lady, I want to live."
Cygnoid #3 says: "Can I use bat to protect head?"
Leela beans him.
Bender says: "Apparently not."
The crowd applauds.
Man says: "Check out the one-eyed bean machine!"
Blek says: "Hooray!"
Blek says: "I make a score point!"
The Planet Express team gathers around Leela.
Fry says: "Leela, you beaned a run-in."
Fry says: "You'd better let me pitch."
Leela says: "But I've got a no-hitter going."
Leela says: "You're right."
Leela says: "Here."
She throws the ball at his face. The crowd cheers.
Randy says: "Don't take her out, she's a firecracker!"
Leela walks away and bumps into Abner Doubledeal.
Doubledeal says: "Excuse me, I'd like to talk to you."
Leela says: "Am I under arrest?"
Bender says: "Wait!"
Bender says: "I know you."
Bender says: "You're the sleazebag who owns the Ultimate Robot Fighting League."
Doubledeal says: "Not anymore."
Doubledeal says: "Now I'm the sleazebag who owns the New New York Mets."
Leela says: "The Mets?"
Leela says: "Those bums are worse than me."
Doubledeal says: "Close to it."
Doubledeal says: "But they don't draw a crowd like you."
Doubledeal says: "Which is why I wanna sign you to the team."
Leela gasps.
Leela says: "You mean I'd be the first woman ever to play Major League Blernsball?"
Commissioner says: "Well, yeah, but basically you'd just be a publicity stunt."
Commissioner says: "I figure a one-eyed lady skull-buster might bring out the freakshow crowd."
Leela says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "The first woman ever to play Major League Blernsball."
Leela jumps into the air, cheering.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela is kitted out in her Mets uniform and 7/8 is printed on the back."
[Scene says: "She turns around to the rest of the crew."
Leela says: "Ta-da!"
Leela says: "The first woman ever to play Major League Blernsball."
Leela says: "How do I look?"
Hermes says: "Like a sexy Yogi Berra!"
Farnsworth says: "Why is your number seven-eighth's?"
Leela says: "All the whole numbers have been retired."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I must say, I'm impressed."
Fry says: "You look just like a ball player."
Fry says: "Can I pat you on the butt?"
Leela says: "Fry, I'm a professional athlete!"
Leela says: "So go ahead."
Fry hesitates.
Fry says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "Now I'm too nervous."
[Scene says: "Shea Stadium."
[Scene says: "The Mets play the Swedish Meatballs."
[Scene says: "The Mets are at 0 while the Swedish Meatballs are ahead at 15."
[Scene says: "Uecker's head is in the commentary box."
Uecker says: "Well, folks, it's only the fifth inning but the Swedes have already turned this one into a "laffer"."
Uecker says: "And that's with two F's."
Uecker says: "The crowd is pouring out of the stadium L."
Uecker says: "A."
Uecker says: "-style."
The crowd leaves the bleachers. Leela sits on the bench in the Mets' dugout watching the game. Enter Doubledeal.
Doubledeal says: "Skipper, we're losing the crowd."
Doubledeal says: "Put it our new novelty act: Leela."
Leela gasps. The skipper kicks the ground.
Skipper says: "Darn it!"
Skipper says: "I already put in the circus clown."
Behind them, the clown cartwheels across the pitch and honks a horn.
Doubledeal says: "Yeah, but he bunted."
Doubledeal says: "Clowns are only funny when they swing away."
Announcer says: "A one-eyed woman."
The crowd turns around and a woman cheers Leela.
Woman says: "Come on!"
Woman says: "Throw like a girl!"
The Planet Express crew cheer.
Fry says: "Go, Leela!"
Bender says: "Come on, girl!"
Amy says: "Too much eyeliner!"
Leela stands ready to throw the ball and a batter takes his position.
Uecker says: "This is history in the making, folks."
Uecker says: "Bjornson steps up to the plate and Leela delivers."
Leela beans Bjornson, knocking him over. The crowd gasps.
Bender says: "Bullseye!"
Bjornson gets up and staggers away.
Uecker says: "Ooh!"
Uecker says: "An inauspicious start for the career of the first woman blernsballer."
Uecker says: "An inauspicious continuation for the career of the first woman blernsballer."
Leela kicks the ground in frustration. The crowd chuckles. A man dusts the batter off and the batter hands him some cash and leaves. Another batter steps up.
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Crowd says: "Bean!"
Leela throws again, the ball curls around the back of the player and knocks him out from behind. The crowd cheers.
Uecker says: "Ouch!"
Uecker says: "It's a three-bean-ball salad."
Uecker says: "The Mets fans love it though, and who can blame them?"
The ball flies up to the box and smashes Uecker's jar. The crowd cheers.
[Scene says: "Mets Locker Room."
[Scene says: "The male players wander around with black bars covering their genitals."
[Scene says: "Leela sits on a bench but Doubledeal doesn't notice her sadness."
Doubledeal says: "Kid, that was great!"
Doubledeal says: "You got us more publicity than a cowboy in a shark tank."
Doubledeal says: "Poor Tex, he was quite a shark."
Bender walks in dressed in a grooby suit, shades and a headset phone. He trips over the wire from the black bar generator and pulls the plug from the socket. The black bars go down and the players cover themselves.
Man #1 says: "Hey!"
Man #2 says: "Hey!"
Man #3 says: "Come on!"
Another man looks around and throws his hands in the air.
Man #4 says: "I win!"
Bender says: "Oop!"
Bender says: "Sorry."
He plugs it back in and the black bars reappear.
Leela says: "Bender, how did you get in here?"
Bender says: "As your agent, I have access to you at all times."
Leela says: "Since when are you my agent?"
Bender's phone rings.
Bender says: "Quiet, call coming in."
Bender says: "Yes?"
Bender says: "A big endorsement deal for Leela?"
Bender says: "How much?"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "You put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass!"
Bender says: "Deal!"
He hangs up.
Leela says: "Bender, that's great!"
Leela says: "How much did you get me?"
Bender says: "One hundred dollars."
[Scene says: "Ancestor & Sons Ad Agency."
[Scene says: "Leela stands in front of a backdrop, holding a tin of beans and reads from an autocue."
Leela says: "As a pitcher, I serve up plenty of bean balls."
Leela says: "So I know good beans when I see them."
Leela says: "Bean-Bay Beans: They're the beaniest!"
She smiles weakly.
Director #1 says: "Cut!"
[Scene says: "Shea Stadium."
[Scene says: "The Mets play the Pituitary Giants with the score 17-2 to the Giants."
[Scene says: "Fans have set up "Leela's Bean Counter" in the bleachers."
[Scene says: "A woman hangs a fourth picture of a bean over the railings."
Uecker says: "In very short order, Leela has become a fan favourite."
Leela beans another batter and some paramedics drag him into an ambulance. The ambulance moves around the pitch to first base, following three other ambulances.
[Scene says: "Mets Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Leela dresses."
[Scene says: "Enter Bender."
Bender says: "You're the best, babe!"
Bender says: "What's that?"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "You put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass!"
Bender says: "Deal!"
He hangs up.
Leela says: "So what did you get me?"
Bender says: "A thousand and one pesos!"
[Scene says: "Ancestor & Sons Ad Agency."
[Scene says: "Leela shoots another bean advert but this time in Spanish."
Leela says: "Yo soy muy malo en lanzar, pero yo soy muy bueno en comer frijoles."
Leela says: "Come los Bean Bay frijoles, los frijoles de los reyes."
Director #2 says: "Cut!"
Director #2 says: "OK, now do one with bean suit on!"
A man holds up a huge bean suit with a face, wearing a Mets blernsball cap.
[Scene says: "Outside Family Bros."
[Scene says: "Pizza."
[Scene says: "The Cygnoids have strung a banner over the doorway reading "Leela Autograph Session - Bring Money"."
[Scene says: "A line of people has formed outside."
[Cut to says: "Family Bros."
[Cut to says: "Pizza."
[Cut to says: "Leela, dressed in her Mets uniform, sits at a table at the far end of the restaurant signing books while the Cygnoids sell pizzas."
[Cut to says: "Fry leans against the counter with a smile on his face."
Blek says: "Leela really bringing in the customers."
Cygnoid Woman says: "This keep up, we need to buy second sauce toilet."
A little girl stands in front of Leela holding a magazine.
Girl says: "When I grow up I want to injure men by throwing stuff at them just like you, Leela."
Girl says: "Will you sign my magazine?"
[She hands her a copy of Sports Illustrated with a picture of Leela on the cover says: "The Mets' Magical Fruit"."
the caption "Leela's Beans says: "The Mets' Magical Fruit"."
Leela says: "Aw!"
Leela says: "Sure thing, sweetie."
Leela says: "Who should I make it out to?"
Girl says: "Well, uh..."
Girl says: "to eBay?"
Leela says: "That's a popular name today."
Leela says: "Little "e" big "B"?"
The girl nods and smiles. Leela signs the magazine and the girl takes it and leaves. Another girl hands Leela a magazine. Bender chuckles and presses some buttons on a calculator.
Bender says: "Five bucks an autograph, 200 fans."
Bender says: "Add a one and two zeros in front of that and we got ourselves a wad!"
Leela says: "I'm not doing this for the wad."
Leela says: "I'm doing it for all the struggling female athletes who need a role model."
The woman who cheered Leela from the crowd at her first blernsball game steps forward.
Woman says: "Yeah!"
Woman says: "A role model for how to stink!"
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "Who are you?"
Woman says: "Jackie Anderson."
Woman says: "I'm on the blernsball team at NNYU and I was hoping to get to play in the majors soon."
Leela says: "Oh, following in my footsteps?"
Jackie says: "Pft."
Jackie says: "God forbid!"
Jackie says: "Your little freakshow is making it impossible for real female ball players to be taken seriously."
Jackie says: "I hope you're proud of yourself."
She leaves. Leela's lip wobbles and a tear trickles down her face. Bender turns to the crowd.
Bender says: "Alright, show's over."
Bender says: "No refunds."
Bender says: "You heard the robot."
Bender says: "Get out!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela, still in her uniform, sits on the couch with the rest of the staff sitting and standing around her."
Leela says: "I'm a fool."
Leela says: "The fans haven't been cheering for me, they've been cheering at me."
Amy says: "Don't be upset, Leela."
Amy says: "You, um..."
Amy says: "you look really cute in your uniform."
Leela says: "That's what makes it so sad."
Leela says: "I thought I was doing something heroic."
Bender says: "You are."
Bender says: "What about that little girl you visited in the hospital?"
Bender says: "You know the one I mean?"
Bender says: "The one who died?"
Leela says: "You're right."
Leela says: "I can't let people down anymore."
Leela says: "As God as my witness, I vow to earn the respect of girls and women everywhere."
Leela says: "I will become the best blernsball player of all time."
Hermes clears his throat. He is sat at the table looking at a computer.
Hermes says: "That's statistically impossible."
Hermes says: "In 77 innings you haven't gotten a single out."
Hermes says: "At this rate, you're sure to go down as the worst blernsball player of all time."
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "Then I have a new vow."
Leela says: "I solemnly swear that I will become not the worst blernsball player of all time."
She thumps her glove, misses, and punches Farnsworth in the face. Bender peers over his shades.
[Scene says: "Blernsball Hall of Fame."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry, Leela and Bender."
[Scene says: "They walk past exhibits such as the first ball hit into orbit, Mark McGwire's bicep and the 2927 Yankees' heads all crammed into one jar."
[Scene says: "Fry points at a display."
Fry says: "Hey, look!"
Fry says: "The players who broke the various colour barriers."
In the display case is a green alien, an orange alien, a purple alien and the racially superior alien from the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield.
Bender says: "When will Man learn that all races are equally inferior to robots?"
[Cut to says: "Worst Player In History Exhibit."
[Cut to says: "The trio walk into a small room."
[Cut to says: "There is a hologram of a blernsball player sat on a chair surrounded by photos of his "triumphs"."
Leela says: "Ah, here we are."
Leela says: "The worst player in history."
Leela says: "If I can be just a little better than him I can slink away with my head held high."
Bender reads something.
Bender says: "It says he once struck out when his tongue got stuck to an unusually cold bat."
Fry looks at a photo.
Fry says: "And here he is trying to make a catch with an oven mitt."
Leela says: "It's even a crummy hologram."
She knocks the hologram's head. It moves.
Aaron Jr. says: "I'm not a hologram, though I am crummy."
Aaron Jr. says: "Hank Aaron XXIV."
Leela shakes his hand.
Fry says: "Hank Aaron XXIV?"
Fry says: "How could you play so blowfully?"
Fry says: "The original Hank Aaron was great!"
Aaron Sr. says: "No, I was better than great."
Aaron Sr. says: "I was the home run king!"
Bender says: "Neat!"
He takes a photo of the head in a jar.
Leela says: "So, Hank-- The bad Hank."
Leela says: "Just how blowful were you?"
Aaron Jr. says: "Well, I had a low batting average."
Aaron Sr. says: "Low?"
Aaron Sr. says: "It was zero, you fungo!"
Aaron Sr. says: "You went your whole career without getting a hit."
Fry says: "Leela could beat that."
Fry says: "She's pitched her whole career without getting an out."
Aaron Sr. laughs.
Aaron Sr. says: "You stink, lady!"
Aaron Sr. says: "Hey, Junior, she belongs in the exhibit instead of you."
Aaron Jr. says: "Forget it."
Aaron Jr. says: "This job's too cushy to give up."
Aaron Jr. says: "Ah, Wade Boggs!"
Aaron Jr. says: "Goes down smooth!"
Leela says: "Look, I don't wanna be in this exhibit."
Leela says: "That's why I need your help."
Leela says: "So I can be one tiny iota less pathetic than you."
Aaron Jr. says: "Oh, I can't help you play better than Tiny Iota."
Aaron Jr. says: "That guy was great."
Aaron Jr. says: "But I'll teach you everything I know."
[Scene says: "Central Park."
[Scene says: "Leela stands on a pitcher's mound holding a blernsball."
[Scene says: "Aaron Jr."
[Scene says: "holds a bat and Fry is the catcher."
Aaron Jr. says: "OK, let's see what you can do."
Bender says: "One thing she can do is lodge a ball in the depth centre of your brain."
Bender says: "You better get a batting helmet."
Aaron takes Bender's head off and uses it as a helmet. He lifts Bender's teeth so he can see.
Leela says: "Alright."
Leela says: "Low and away."
She throws the ball and knocks Aaron down. Bender picks his head up and staggers around, disorientated.
Aaron Jr. says: "OK, try it again."
Aaron Jr. says: "But this time keep your eye off the ball."
Leela says: "You mean "keep your eye on the ball"?"
Aaron Jr. says: "Hey, lady, which one of us is in the hall of fame?"
He holds up the bat. Fry whispers to him.
Fry says: "Pst."
Fry says: "You're holding the bat upside down."
Aaron Jr. says: "Just pitch the ball."
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "Eye off the ball."
She throws the ball without looking at it, Aaron swings, misses and Fry catches the ball.
Bender says: "Strike!"
Fry says: "Hooray!"
Aaron Jr. says: "You did it, Leela!"
Leela says: "I didn't hit the batter!"
Leela says: "For once I was pitching and not just belly-itching!"
Aaron Jr. says: "Oh, you got that too?"
Aaron Jr. says: "I think there's a rash goin' around."
He scratches his stomach.
[Scene says: "Outside Fenway Park."
[Scene says: "On the wall outside is a sign saying "Home Of The Green Monster"."
[Cut to says: "Fenway Park."
[Cut to says: "The Green Monster plays the blernsball tune."
Uecker says: "Welcome to Fenway Park, home of the Boston Poindexters, where the Mets close out a season that'll rank among Mankind's most awful crimes."
The Cygnoids sell pizza to blernsball fans at a stand. Fry sees and smiles.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "You opened a franchise!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "Yes."
Cygnoid Woman says: "Our biggest seller is Leela's Bean Pizza."
Cygnoid Woman says: "Six kinds of beans, plus several things that look like beans."
Joe Gilman eats a slice.
Gilman says: "Beans, huh?"
Gilman says: "Mmm."
Gilman says: "This is great!"
Gilman says: "How to you make the crust so fizzy?"
Blek says: "Ah-ah-ah!"
Blek says: "Ancient Cygnoid secret!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "My husband, some hotshot!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "Here's his ancient Cygnoid secret!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "Live hornets!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "We smush them right into dough!"
Gilman says: "I don't care if there's horse manure in it!"
Blek says: "That's a-good!"
Gilman says: "I wanna buy this franchise."
Gilman says: "How does $100,000 sound?"
Blek says: "Forget it!"
Blek says: "We come to Earth to make pizza, not money."
Cygnoid Woman says: "No, Blek!"
Cygnoid Woman says: "Other way around!"
Blek says: "Oh, right."
Blek says: "Offer accepted!"
He takes the cheque and Fry, Amy, Hermes and the Cygnoid woman cheer.
Uecker says: "Well, fans, Boston's turning the last game into a real "squeeeker"!"
Uecker says: "And that's with three "e's"!"
Uecker says: "Two men on and they're down to their last out."
Leela sits in the dugout while the skipper watches the game.
Leela says: "Come on, skipper."
Leela says: "It's my last chance to prove I'm not the worst player ever."
Leela says: "Please put me in."
Skipper says: "No."
Skipper says: "We're actually winning this game."
Skipper says: "You only go in as a joke when we're eight runs behind."
Skipper says: "Or when our other pitchers sneak out early to beat the traffic."
Skipper says: "Aw, darn, darn darn!"
Skipper says: "Now the bases are loaded!"
Skipper says: "Isn't there a man on this team who can get one more out?"
Leela says: "I can."
Leela says: "I've been training with Hank Aaron."
The skipper turns around.
Skipper says: "You've been training with the Hank Aaron?"
Leela says: "I've been training with a Hank Aaron."
Skipper says: "Alright then."
Skipper says: "Get in there and pitch like you've never pitched like you before!"
Leela runs onto the pitch. The Mets players' jaws drop and they hold their hands to their heads.
Announcer says: "Now pitching for the Mets: Turanga Leela."
The crowd cheers.
Crowd says: "Go, Leela!"
Farnsworth says: "Go, Leela!"
Amy says: "Come on, Leela!"
Bender says: "Put it right down the pike!"
Fry says: "Strike him out, Leela!"
Fry says: "Do it for the hundreds of women everywhere!"
While the crowd continues chanting "bean", the Boston coach takes a batter out and replaces him.
Announcer says: "Your attention: Now pinch-hitting for the Poindexters: Jackie Anderson."
The crowd gasps as Jackie steps up to bat.
Uecker says: "Would you look at that!"
Uecker says: "College blernsball's finest female hitter making her big league debut against pro-ball's worst female anything."
Uecker says: "I've never seen anything this bizarre, and I've seen Mr."
Uecker says: "Belvedere naked!"
Uecker says: "Woo!"
Leela says: "Keep cool."
Leela says: "She's just like any other player."
Leela says: "She puts on her sports bra one arm at a time."
She throws the ball and Jackie misses.
Umpire says: "Strike one!"
The crowd gasps. Leela gasps.
Leela says: "Strike one, a personal best!"
She throws again.
Umpire says: "Strike two!"
Uecker says: "And yet tonight we have witnessed the beginning of a great career for the first woman to play the sport well -- Jackie Anderson!"
[Cut to says: "Tunnel."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks away from the celebrations hanging her head in shame."
[Cut to says: "Jackie pokes her head around the end of the tunnel."
Jackie says: "Leela?"
Leela turns around.
Leela says: "Jackie."
Leela says: "I guess you were right."
Leela says: "I'm a lousy role model."
Leela says: "I'm sorry."
Jackie says: "No, don't be."
Jackie says: "It turns out you were an inspiration after all."
Leela says: "I was?"
Jackie says: "Uh-huh."
Jackie says: "You were so awful that women everywhere set out to prove they don't stink as bad as you."
Jackie says: "You know, like a pig or something."
Leela says: "Oh, that's so kind of you."
Leela says: "I guess I made a difference after all."
Jackie says: "You absolutely did, Leela."
Jackie says: "Now please, please retire."
Jackie says: "Immediately."
She leaves. Leela looks at the towel around her neck.
Leela says: "Hey, kid."
Leela says: "Catch!"
Jackie turns around, Leela throws the towel and knocks Jackie over.
[Scene says: "Blernsball Hall of Fame: Worst Player In History Exhibit."
[Scene says: "Aaron Jr."
[Scene says: "looks at a cardboard stand-up of Leela, standing where he used to sit."
[Scene says: "He sighs."
Aaron Sr. says: "Well, at least you're still the worst football player of all time."
Aaron Jr. says: "Yeah."
Aaron Jr. says: "Yeah."
He puts on his cap, turns out the lights and leaves.
Closing Credits.