[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Psst..."
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Big Party At Your House After The Show!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Hermes, Bender, Leela, Fry, Scruffy and Amy are gathered around watching the TV."
Linda says: "Up next, daring daylight robbery at a municipal swimming pool."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "This is it!"
Bender says: "Turn me up!"
Leela uses the remote to change Bender's volume control to maximum.
Linda says: "Earlier today, a foul-mouthed bandit robbed the municipal pool, making off with the contents of over three lockers."
Bender says: "More like three lockers and a sink!"
Leela says: "Bender?"
Leela says: "Did you have something to do with this?"
Bender says: "Of course not."
Hermes notices something Bender is wearing.
Hermes says: "Holy spitz!"
Hermes says: "He's sportin' skintight Speedos!"
Amy says: "They don't leave much to the imagination."
Hermes says: "Actually, on a robot, they sorta do."
Morbo says: "One puny human got a look at the robber..."
Bender leans forward and rubs his hands together.
Bender says: "Here we go."
Bender says: "Here we go!"
Morbo says: "Describing him as a short, nasty, muscular..."
Bender says: "Yeah, make me famous, big head!"
Morbo says: "Caucasian human male."
A picture appears on the screen of someone who looks vaguely like a human version of Bender.
Bender says: "What?"
He takes Fry's beer bottle and throws it at the TV.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Now what am I supposed to watch and drink all day?"
Bender says: "This is an outrage."
Bender says: "What's the point of pulling the biggest pool caper ever if nobody knows you did it?"
Fry says: "Well, there's the material rewards."
Bender says: "You mean this junk?"
Boy says: "Whee!"
Bender says: "It's Bender."
Farnsworth, sat at the table, looks up from a book.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, fuff!"
Farnsworth says: "Why bother remembering anything?"
Farnsworth says: "You're just going to forget it five seconds later."
Bender says: "It's so unfair."
Bender says: "A debonair robot with a zesty in-your-face outlook doomed to obscurity like the rest of you, especially Leela."
Bender says: "If I died tomorrow, no one would even notice."
He slides out of the room on the float.
Scruffy says: "Boy, I've never seen him so down, or ever before."
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks sadly down the busy street."
Bender says: "How does a nobody like me get famous?"
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "I'm stuck!"
Bender says: "But I haven't given up hope!"
Bender says: "Call a soft-news journalist!"
Woman says: "You're not stuck."
Bender says: "Shut up."
Time Lapse. Bender sees a group of roller-skaters ahead of him dancing. Skates come out of his foot cups and he starts dancing.
Bender says: "Hey, everyone do The Bender!"
Bender says: "This move's called The Bender!"
Everyone stops skating.
Roller-Skater says: "Yo, hotwheels."
Roller-Skater says: "This circle's about free expression, not fascist moves!"
He pushes Bender away.
Time Lapse. Bender comes to the end of the street and sees a white, windowless building ahead of him. He gasps.
Bender says: "A blank wall!"
Bender says: "Fame is mine!"
He runs towards the building, takes his head off and shakes it like a spray-paint can. His legs extend upwards towards the top of the building and he chuckles as he starts to spray something onto the wall.
Time Lapse. The next morning, Bender stands back and admires his work. He has sprayed a huge picture of himself onto the wall, along with "Bender Lives Large And Kicks Butt!".
Bender says: "There."
Bender says: "Now no one will forget how I lived or my attitude regarding butt."
Behind him a crew of demolition workers arrive.
Sal says: "Alrights, ladies, let's flush these artists lofts straights to hell!"
He turns a switch and cracks appear in the building.
Bender says: "No!"
The building collapses and Bender's picture folds inwards à la Mad magazine fold-ins. The picture of him has turned into a giant butt and the writing reads "Bender Licks Butt". The demolition crew laugh.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Bender enters the darkened room, lit only by light streaming through the window."
Bender says: "I'm the first one to work."
Bender says: "A new low."
The lights go on and the staff, dressed in black, jump out from behind the sofa.
All says: "Surprise!"
Behind them is a coffin, a wreath, a banner reading "R.I.P. Bender" and one of Bender's mug shots.
Fry says: "Happy funeral, Bender!"
Bender gasps.
Bender says: "A surprise funeral?"
Bender says: "For me?"
Fry pats him on the shoulder.
Fry says: "We just wanted to show you that you really will be remembered."
Zoidberg says: "Now if the deceased would kindly take his place of honour."
Bender climbs in.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Cushion-y!"
Bender says: "And a minibar!"
Hermes plays a jazzy tune and Fry stands in front of the "mourners".
Fry says: "Dearly beloved, we are here today to remember Bender, taken from us in the prime of life when he was crushed by a runaway semi driven by the Incredible Hulk."
Bender says: "Aw!"
Bender says: "You knew my favourite cause of death."
Fry says: "Now let us each remember the best things about Bender in our own way."
Fry says: "Professor?"
Farnsworth stands up and clears his throat.
Farnsworth says: "Your standard bending unit is made of an iron-osmium alloy."
Farnsworth says: "But Bender was different."
Farnsworth says: "Bender had a point-04% nickel impurity."
Bender says: "It's what made me me."
Hermes stands up and takes Farnsworth's place.
Hermes says: "If you ever needed a small package brought into the country without a lot of X-raying and such, Bender always had a free body cavity."
Bender says: "Eh, the Professor's was better."
Leela says: "Bender, shush."
Leela says: "You're supposed to be dead."
Bender sits up.
Bender says: "Say more about how great I am."
Bender says: "And where's the crying?"
Bender says: "You people look like you're waiting for the bus."
He lies back. Zoidberg makes a bagpipe noise with his mouth flaps.
The pipes, the pipes are calling--.
Bender sits up again.
Bender says: "Who-y-boy?"
Bender says: "Danny-boy?"
Bender says: "You're at my funeral, singing about some dead stiff named Danny-boy?"
Bender says: "You really are a massive bonehead."
Zoidberg says: "I'm expressing my sorrow."
Bender says: "Get lost!"
Bender says: "I'd say "Don't quit your day job" but you're awful at that too."
Leela says: "We're trying our best."
Bender says: "Your best is an idiot."
Bender says: "Let's pick it up, people."
Bender says: "So far it's been crap after crap!"
Bender says: "I croaked, now show me some love!"
He lies down again. Amy stands up.
Bender says: "Louder and sadder."
Bender says: "Next!"
Amy walks away crying. Preacherbot takes her place.
Bender says: "Oh, next!"
Bender throws his glass at him. It breaks on his head and Zoidberg cries out in pain. Bender sits up.
Bender says: "Come on!"
Bender says: "Surely there must be someone here who knows how great I was."
Fry stands up.
Fry says: "Yes there is, Bender."
Fry says: "Bender was a lot of things to a lot of people."
Fry says: "But, looking back, the number one thing I can say about him is this, and simply this: Bender was my friend."
Bender pauses.
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "That's it?"
Bender says: "Who are you?"
Bender says: "You're nobody!"
Bender says: "This is the worst funeral ever!"
Bender says: "I hope you're all happy."
Bender says: "You've succeeded in convincing me life is worth living, by showing how bad my funeral will suck."
He throws some flowers off the coffin and walks out. The flowers land on Farnsworth's lap.
Amy says: "I know whose funeral we'll be attending next!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, stop!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender sits reading Sullen Robot Magazine while Leela uses his hand to tighten a nut on the steps of the ship."
[Scene says: "Enter Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "News, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "Today you're going to Osiris 4 to deliver this enormous sandstone block."
He points to a massive block right next to him that is bigger than the ship.
Fry says: "I thought something looked different in here."
Bender throws down his magazine, mutters to himself and walks onto the ship.
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Osiris 4 with the sandstone block tied to the top of it."
[Cut to says: "Osiris 4 surface."
[Cut to says: "It lands in a desert on the planet."
Time Lapse. Leela pulls the ropes away from the block. Fry talks to an Osiran and two ancient Egyptian dog-like creatures. The man wears something similar to ancient Egyptian jewellery and his hair looks like it is made of solid gold.
Fry says: "Hi."
Fry says: "We have a giant stone to deliver."
Fry says: "Sign here."
He hands the man a clipboard and he signs the invoice with an ancient Egyptian hieroglyph.
Osiran says: "Ah, very nice."
Osiran says: "Much like the 10 million identical stones used in the future tomb of our great Pharaoh Hermenthotip."
He points to a sandstone building which is under construction.
Leela says: "Impressive."
Leela says: "Who's building it?"
Osiran says: "You."
Leela says: "Say again?"
Osiran says: "You are now slaves of the great Pharaoh Hermenthotip."
Osiran says: "Guards."
The guards shackle the crew to a pole and carry them away.
Fry says: "Call it a hunch but I've got a bad feeling about this."
[Scene says: "Slave Boat."
[Scene says: "The slaves row a boat down a river past other slaves."
[Scene says: "The slaves are shackled to benches."
Fry says: "You know the worst thing about being a slave?"
Fry says: "They make you work but they don't pay you or let you go."
Leela says: "That's the only thing about being a slave!"
Osiran says: "Attention."
Osiran says: "You are now possessions of the great Pharaoh Hermenthotip, heir to the Tenth Dynasty, bringer of the good aspects of the annual floods."
Fry says: "Incredible."
Fry says: "This place is just like the Ancient Egypt of my day."
Osiran says: "That is no coincidence."
Osiran says: "For our people visited your Egypt thousands of years ago."
Fry says: "I knew it!"
Fry says: "Insane theories, one; regular theories, a billion."
Osiran says: "We learned many things from the mighty Egyptians, such as pyramid-building, space travel and how to prepare our dead so as to scare Abbott and Costello."
Fry laughs.
Fry says: "Also Wolfman!"
Bender whistles, impressed.
Bender says: "Look at these swanky tombs!"
Bender says: "These people really know how to die."
Leela says: "Are you crazy?"
Leela says: "They worked thousands of people to death to make these stupid monuments."
Bender says: "Hey, you spend your whole life building a guy's toe and you're gonna remember him."
Bender says: "I think I'm gonna like it here!"
[Scene says: "Market."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender walk through the market with the Osiran behind them."
[Scene says: "A man makes an enquiry at a "Lose Weight Now - Ask Me How" booth."
Man #1 says: "Yeah, I, uh, noticed your sign and I thought I'd come over here and look into getting involved in your program."
Man #2 says: "What we do is make you starve to death."
[Scene says: "Outside Hermenthotip's Tomb."
[Scene says: "The slaves pull the giant sandstone block."
Osiran says: "One, two, three, pull!"
Osiran says: "One, two, three, pull!"
He whips them again. The Australian man from the Spa 5 labour camp is with them.
Australian Man says: "Oh!"
Australian Man says: "Bloody chunder!"
Bender says: "Pick it up, people."
Bender says: "We're enslaved here to do a job."
Bender says: "Master?"
Bender says: "Do we have to count to three every time?"
Bender says: "Couldn't we just count to one."
Bender says: "Or better yet one-half?"
Osiran says: "Good idea, slave."
Osiran says: "One-half, pull!"
He whips them.
Bender says: "Now we're slavin'!"
Time Lapse. Fry pushes a block up the side of the tomb and Leela pulls one up using a rope and a pulley. The Osiran stands on top of the block and whips her as she pulls.
Time Lapse. Back at the bottom of the tomb, they pull another block.
Bender says: "Come on, guys."
Bender says: "Pharaoh's countin' on us."
Bender says: "Work faster, like this."
Bender says: "You call that motivating me?"
Bender says: "Don't just whip with your arms."
Bender says: "The power comes from your hips."
Bender says: "Like this."
He takes the whip and whips himself. The rest of the slaves arrive with the block.
Leela says: "Bender, quit giving the slave drivers pointers!"
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "Remember who your real friends are."
Bender says: "I'll tell you who I remember."
Bender says: "Anopsis..."
Bender says: "Pleotut..."
Bender says: "Whatshisname."
Bender says: "He was the greatest of all."
He salutes the tomb. Some horns blow.
Osiran says: "Pharaoh Hermenthotip approaches."
The slaves bow. The horn blowers are whipped and they blow again. Hermenthotip's boat is carried from the water by slaves who were below the water line. They gasp for air.
Bender says: "Hurry!"
Bender says: "Hurry!"
Bender says: "Pharaoh's coming!"
Bender says: "Get that nose in place."
Bender says: "Come on!"
The slaves haul the nose onto the tomb. Hermenthotip walks off the boat and the slaves bow. He walks past them and looks at the tomb.
Hermenthotip says: "Excellent work!"
Hermenthotip says: "I am very proud of all you slaves."
Bender stands up and cheers.
Bender says: "Viva Hermenthotip!"
Hermenthotip says: "And now, I have a grand announcement."
The nose falls off the tomb and crushes him. The slaves gasp.
Bender says: "No!"
He runs forward and lifts the nose away from the Pharaoh.
Bender says: "Go faster?"
Bender says: "I told them but they're so damn lazy."
Hermenthotip says: "No."
Bender says: "Free-loading off you?"
Bender says: "I agree."
He dies. The slave driver puts a sheet over his body.
Osiran says: "Pharaoh Hermenthotip is dead."
Bender says: "He's whippin' angels now."
Time Lapse. Night has fallen and hundreds of slaves are gathered for Hermenthotip's funeral. Fry, Bender, Leela, the Australian man and some other slaves carry Hermenthotip's coffin and lower it into a hole.
High Priest says: "We commend the body of Hermenthotip to the abode of the damned."
High Priest says: "The damned good looking!"
High Priest says: "Pharaoh commanded me to tell that joke at his funeral."
Bender says: "I'll always remember you, Hermenthotip!"
High Priest says: "To equip Pharaoh for his journey, we bury him with his favourite possessions."
High Priest says: "Such as his heart and liver."
High Priest says: "Also, this bag of cats our culture considers holy."
He tosses in a bag of live cats.
Time Lapse. An pseudo-Elton John singer plays a piano and sings a song dedicated to the Pharaoh.
You are cold and deceased,.
I used to have him sing...
Time Lapse.
Singer says: "P-P-P-Pharaoh and his pets..."
Time Lapse.
And Pharaoh died,.
Suzie will have joined him in the afterlife--.
The High Priest pushes him into the hole.
Osiran says: "Hermenthotip is gone."
Osiran says: "The time to designate a new Pharaoh is at hand."
The tomb lights up.
Bender says: "Wow!"
Osiran says: "At dawn tomorrow, the high priest will consult the Wall of Prophecy to determine Hermenthotip's successor."
Osiran says: "That concludes the funeral."
Osiran says: "You don't have to go home but you can't stay here."
[Scene says: "Liberty Meadows Slave Quarters."
[Scene says: "The slaves sit around in a room."
Fry says: "Can you believe it?"
Fry says: "Pharaoh's dead!"
Slave #1 says: "Yes!"
Slave #1 says: "Tonight we are slaves to no one, except the rhythm!"
He plays bongos. The Australian man stands up and plays some panpipes and another slave plays a tambourine.
Leela says: "Yeah!"
Leela says: "Play those bongos!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna spin till I fall down!"
He spins almost once and falls down. Bender cackles and sneaks out.
[Cut to says: "Outside Liberty Meadows Slave Quarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender sees the dog-guards."
[Cut to says: "Their backs are turned to him."
[Cut to says: "He takes a ball out of his chest cabinet and throws it."
[Cut to says: "The dogs see it and run after it, barking."
[Cut to says: "Bender runs off in the opposite direction."
[Scene says: "Wall of Prophecy."
[Scene says: "Bender sneaks around to the front of it and takes a hammer out of his chest cabinet."
Bender says: "We interrupt this ancient prophecy to bring you late-breaking bulletin."
Bender says: "He hammers the back of his head and creates and imprint of himself on the wall."
Time Lapse. The next morning, the High Priest and four other priests stand in front of the wall and the slaves watch.
High Priest says: "Great Wall of Prophecy, reveal to us God's will that we may blindly obey."
Priests says: "Free us from thought and responsibility."
High Priest says: "We shall read things off you."
Priests says: "Then do them."
High Priest says: "Your words guide us."
Priests says: "We're dumb."
The slaves watch from below.
Fry says: "You know what else stinks about being a slave?"
Fry says: "The hours."
Leela covers her face with her hand in disbelief.
High Priest says: "The prophecy is strange and crudely drawn at best."
High Priest says: "It indicates that, we are "here" and our next Pharaoh is over there, near some..."
High Priest says: "tents."
Bender says: "Those are waves, jackass."
Bender says: "It's supposed to be a river!"
The slaves murmur to each other.
Fry says: "Hey."
Fry says: "I think I know who the next Pharaoh is!"
Leela says: "Oh, Lord!"
High Priest says: "We hear your voice, oh, great Pharaoh."
High Priest says: "Reveal yourself to us."
Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Behold!"
Bender says: "I have emerged from the place of spells and fairies!"
High Priest says: "It is he."
High Priest says: "Just as the Wall of Prophecy prophesied."
High Priest says: "Long live Pharaoh Bender!"
All the slaves except Fry and Leela bow.
Slaves says: "Long live Pharaoh Bender!"
Leela says: "This society is a bunch of idiots."
[Scene says: "Outside Pharaoh's Palace."
[Scene says: "The High Priest and priests stand on a balcony addressing the slaves."
High Priest says: "People of Osiris 4, please welcome a man who started as a slave but worked his way up to Lord of All Creation!"
High Priest says: "Our new Pharaoh, Bender!"
The crowd cheers and Bender dances out to a riff of The Bangles' Walk Like An Egyptian.
Bender says: "Citizens of Me!"
Bender says: "The cruelty of the old Pharaoh is a thing of the past."
Bender says: "Let a whole new wave of cruelty wash over this lazy land."
The crowd cheers then realises what he has said.
Leela says: "What did he say?"
Bender says: "Hear the word of Pharaoh."
Bender says: "Build unto me a statue of ridiculous proportion."
Bender says: "One billion cubits in height..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "that I might be remember-ed for all eternity."
Bender says: "And be quick about it!"
The slaves are whipped.
[Scene says: "Bender's Statue."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela crawl along the floor with Bender sat on a throne on their backs."
[Scene says: "An old slaves struggles as he pulls some logs."
Bender says: "Lowly slave, why are you not working?"
Slave #2 says: "I am."
Bender says: "I meant yourself to death."
Slave #3 says: "Mighty Pharaoh, it hurts when I breathe."
Bender says: "Well then what do you think you should stop doing?"
Bender says: "Crawl, pigs!"
He whips them.
Leela says: "Ow!"
They crawl forward.
Bender says: "The Pharaoh has spoken."
[Montage says: "The slaves haul the massive leg of Bender's statue upright as he watches from his palace."
[Montage says: "The ground shakes as the leg is moved into position."
[Montage says: "He whips two architects as they look at the design for the ass."
[Montage says: "Fry takes a "1" to a "-- Days Since Last Accident" sign but, instead of hammering the "1" on, he hammers his hand to the sign."
[Montage says: "The "1" falls to the ground and Fry bends down to pick it up but can't reach it."
[Scene says: "The statue is almost finished."
[Scene says: "The foot is positioned so it looks like it is about to crush Hermenthotip's tomb."
[Scene says: "Up in space, the slaves, in spacesuits, lift Bender's antenna ball to the top of the statue."
[Scene says: "Bender floats near them wearing a jet pack."
Bender says: "Your task is nearly completed."
Bender says: "Don't let down Pharaoh now."
He whips them and glides away.
[Scene says: "Bender's Statue."
[Scene says: "A stage has been set up at the foot of the statue and the Osiran and the priests stand next to something covered with a sheet."
Osiran says: "The great monument is finished, oh Pharaoh."
Osiran says: "And now, the unveiling."
He pulls the sheet away revealing Bender underneath it. Bender looks up at the statue. Skeletons are sticking out of the foot. The statue speaks in a booming voice and its mouth lights up with each syllable.
Statue says: "Remember me."
Statue says: "Remember me."
Osiran says: "Does it please you, my lord?"
Bender says: "Hmm..."
Bender says: "it's a good start."
Bender says: "Uh, yeah, it's definitely big alright."
Bender says: "I just wonder if it's too big, y'know?"
Bender says: "I mean, are people gonna be remembering me or the statue?"
High Priest says: "But, sire, we made it to your exact specifications."
Bender says: "Too exact if you ask me."
Bender says: "Tear it down and try again."
Bender says: "But this time don't embarrass yourselves."
He takes a sip of his drink. The Osiran walks behind him and he and the priests mutter something to each other. They jump forward and wrap Bender in bandages. The High Priest turns to the crowd.
High Priest says: "Ladies and gentlemen, the Pharaoh suddenly died."
The slaves cheer and the priests throw Bender into his tomb.
Leela says: "Good riddance."
Bender says: "What about my servants?"
Priest says: "Oh, yeah."
They throw in Fry and Leela and seal the tomb.
[Cut to says: "Tomb."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela hit the hard floor."
[Cut to says: "Leela lights a match and Bender stands in front of the still wrapped in the bandages."
Fry says: "Bender, I really hope that's you."
Fry says: "'Cause if it isn't..."
Fry says: "we're in trouble!"
Bender pulls some bandages away from his face.
Leela says: "You jerk."
Leela says: "Why'd you have to drag us along?"
Bender says: "I wanted to watch you remember me."
He turns on a light. The entire tomb is fitted out like a casino.
Leela says: "Did you really think you'd need all this junk in the afterlife?"
Bender says: "Afterlife?"
Bender says: "Pft."
Bender says: "If I thought I had to go through a whole other life I'd kill myself right now."
Leela says: "Well rot in peace."
Leela says: "Fry and I are leaving."
Bender says: "Sorry, but we're totally sealed in."
Bender says: "Here, have a pomegranate schnapps from my private distillery and start sharing fond memories of me, Bender."
Fry sips some and spits it out.
Fry says: "What proof is this?"
Fry says: "Some huge number?"
Leela lights the drink and it explodes.
Leela says: "It's explosive!"
Leela says: "Maybe we could escape by setting fire to the distillery and blowing this whole place to rubble!"
Leela says: "Let's get a little kindling going!"
She breaks away part of the leg and stacks the wood underneath the distillery. Bender dives in front of her.
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "You can't blow up my monument."
Bender says: "I won't be remembered."
Leela says: "Oh, right, how selfish of me."
Leela says: "We'll just stay here forever."
Leela says: "Hey, Fry?"
Leela says: "Remember that robot "Bender"?"
She nudges him.
Fry says: "Bend-er?"
Fry says: "Doesn't ring a bell."
Fry says: "Did you hear something, Leela?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "But I bet it wasn't someone who was good at stealing."
Bender hits his head.
Bender says: "Stop it, stop it!"
Bender says: "It's not right!"
Bender says: "You've crossed a line."
Fry says: "Hey, Leela, you know who I remember?"
Bender says: "Oh, please, let it be me."
Fry says: "That guy who used to bend things."
Fry says: "You know?"
Bender says: "Me, please!"
Fry says: "Hermes."
Bender says: "Alright, alright!"
Bender says: "If it means that much to you, blow up my statue."
Leela says: "Oh, Bender!"
Leela says: "When did you come in?"
Leela says: "Hold still!"
She spins the bandages off him.
Time Lapse. Fry turns the distillery taps on and starts flooding the room. Leela uses the bandages as a fuse and takes a torch off a wall.
Leela says: "Let's blow this tomb!"
She lights the bandage.
[Cut to says: "Osiris 4 Surface."
[Cut to says: "The statue starts to shake and the foot splits apart."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Leela and Fry run through the hole and past some slaves."
Slave #1 says: "Pharaoh Bender!"
Slave #1 says: "He once more walks among the living."
Bender says: "How we doing?"
They run up the ships steps.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela presses some buttons and the ship takes off."
[Cut to says: "Bender looks at his statue through the windscreen as the ship rises past it."
Statue says: "Remember me."
Bender says: "I will."
Bender says: "I will."
[Scene says: "The ship speeds away from Osiris 4 and the statue explodes, sending a shockwave across the desert."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela comforts Bender."
Bender says: "Please, just leave me alone."
He turns around, hugs Leela and bursts into tears.
Leela says: "Bender, I understand your desire to be remembered."
Leela says: "But you don't need a statue for that."
Bender says: "I don't?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "You have your legacy as a brutal, tyrannical dictator, and that will outlive any monument."
Bender says: "You really think they'll remember me?"
Fry says: "Absolutely."
Bender says: "Well in that case."
Bender says: "One planet down!"
Bender says: "Helmsman..."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards a planet."
Bender says: "Set course for Earth!"
He cackles.
Leela says: "That's not Earth."
Bender says: "Oh."
The ship zooms away from the planet.
Closing Credits.