[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Or Is It?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg dances and sings on the table."
[Scene says: "Everyone else except Fry sits and claps along."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry."
Zoidberg says: "Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!"
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Fry says: "There's no denying it, the future's crazy!"
Fry says: "Oh, well."
Fry says: "Don't wanna stand out."
He gets on the table and sings and dances with Zoidberg.
Fry says: "Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!"
Zoidberg says: "Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!"
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Zoidberg says: "There's nothing crazy about it."
Zoidberg says: "It's just Freedom Day!"
He warbles.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Balcony."
[Scene says: "The staff celebrate Freedom Day with their Freedom Day Party."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth drinks Slurm and Scruffy blows a party blower."
[Scene says: "Amy sits on the railings eating a melon while Fry and Bender stand next to her."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "an extremely dangerous mission..."
Fry says: "So, what is Freedom Day?"
Fry says: "Sounds like some kind of feminine hygiene product."
Zoidberg walks over and puts his claw on Bender's shoulder.
Zoidberg says: "No, it's a fabulous, crab-ulous day!"
Amy says: "If you wanna do something, you do it, and to splick with the consequences!"
She throws the melon rind over her shoulder and it hits something.
Bender says: "You know, like how I live every day."
He sticks his leg out and trips up Hermes. His bones crack as he lands. Everyone laughs.
Hermes says: "Happy Freedom Day!"
Hermes says: "Ooh!"
Hermes says: "I think my wrist is broken."
Farnsworth says: "Of course, it wouldn't be Freedom Day without the traditional Freedom Tub!"
He presses a button and a hole in the floor opens revealing a hot-tub. Everyone reacts with excitement. Hermes dips his finger in.
Hermes says: "Mmm!"
Hermes says: "That'll feel nice on my shattered bones!"
The staff start to undress around Fry. He gasps.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "Nude hot-tubbing?"
Fry says: "That's all I need to hear about Freedom Day!"
Zoidberg says: "Then consider the following lecture a bonus: On Earth, freedom is a given."
Zoidberg says: "But on my planet, we have to suffer for it."
Flashback. Child Zoidberg wears a hat and comical specs with mouth flaps attached. A Decapodian woman is with him.
Decapodian Woman says: "Sure, you can be a comedian instead of a doctor -- if you want your parents to roll over in their graves!"
Later, grown-up Zoidberg is at a polling station.
Decapodian Man says: "Sure, you can vote for Shkinadel -- if you want there should be a recession!"
Zoidberg turns away sadly. Back at his home, he holds suitcases.
Decapodian Woman says: "Sure, you can go to medical school -- if you've given up on your dream of being a comedian!"
Zoidberg turns away sadly.
Flashback ends.
Zoidberg says: "That's why I love Earth!"
Zoidberg says: "You can do what you want, and no one makes you feel guilty because no one cares."
Fry is in the hot-tub with everyone else.
Fry says: "We're not listening!"
Zoidberg says: "That's what I'm talking about!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies over Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Street."
[Scene says: "There is a parade."
[Scene says: "Vehicles carrying DOOP missiles float along the street."
[Scene says: "One has a "Boy Scout Troop #254" banner on it."
[Scene says: "The one behind has "Top Secret Do Not Look" on it."
[Scene says: "People on stilts walk by chanting the Freedom song."
Stilt People says: "Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!"
Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
The Fighting Dukaki drive past, imitating the pose from the infamous photograph. On the pavement, Bender and other staff push their way to the front of the crowd. Bender wears a cowcatcher.
Bender says: "Scuse me, comin' through."
Bender says: "Freedom train arriving on track one."
He imitates a train whistle.
Woman says: "Ow!"
Woman says: "You broke my foot!"
Bender says: "Freedom!"
In the commentary box, Morbo and Linda watch the parade go by.
Morbo says: "What's this next float, Linda?"
Linda says: "Representing our men, women and children in uniform, it's Earth's greatest space hero, Zapp Brannigan!"
Zapp and Kif are in a rocket float. Zapp waves to the crowd.
Zapp says: "Happy Freedom Day, ladies!"
Zapp says: "Oh, yeah!"
Zapp says: "Thank you, Linda!"
He throws some beads. Linda pulls her top down and catches the beads.
Linda says: "You're welcome!"
Linda says: "OK, Morbo, now it's your turn."
Morbo says: "If that is your Freedom Day wish."
He lifts his shirt and Linda screams.
[Scene says: "Fxjkhr Monument."
[Scene says: "A band plays Hail to the Chief and a man very slowly carries Nixon's head and places it on a podium."
[Scene says: "Crowds are gathered in front of the monument."
Nixon says: "Thank you, Secretary of Transportation."
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans, we enjoy so much freedom it's almost sickening."
Nixon says: "We're free to choose which hand our sex-monitoring chip is implanted in."
Nixon says: "And if we don't want to pay our taxes, why, we're free to spend a weekend with the Pain Monster."
Pain Monster says: "See you April 15th, folks!"
Nixon says: "Cue the fireworks guy!"
Nixon says: "..."
Nixon says: ""Shankman's Rubbing Compound"."
Nixon says: "When something needs rubbing, think "Shankman"."
The crowd cheers.
Bender says: "Yay!"
Bender says: "Shankman!"
Hermes says: "It costs a little more but it's worth it!"
Nixon says: "Our planet has been through so much this past year: Wars, droughts, impeachments!"
Nixon says: "But we've never lost our sense of what's truly important: The great taste of "Charleston Chew"!"
Nixon says: "And now, let us salute that beloved symbol of freedom, our flag, Ol' Freebie!"
The flag comes down. Zoidberg wipes his mouth.
Zoidberg says: "I'm swelling with patriotic mucus!"
Fireworks explode.
Nixon says: "In our darkest hour we can stand erect, with proud, upthrust bosoms!"
Fry says: "Anyone who laughs is a Communist!"
Nixon says: "Knowing that, with a shifty glance skyward, we will see by the rocket's red glare that our flag is still there."
Nixon says: "It's gone!"
Zoidberg tears the flag, eats it and belches. The crowd gasps. Zoidberg steps forward.
Zoidberg says: "Yes, fellow patriots, I ate your flag."
Zoidberg says: "And I did it with pride."
Zoidberg says: "For to express oneself with doing a thing is the very essence of Freedom Day!"
Zoidberg says: "Bless this planet and all its wonderful people!"
Crickets chirp.
Nixon says: "Kill him!"
Nixon says: "Kill the traitor!"
The crowd rushes the platform and Zoidberg squeals.
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Street."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg scuttles around a corner, wooping and being chased by the crowd."
[Scene says: "He runs past a man spraying "Earth Sux" on a mailbox."
Man #1 says: "Hey, it's the guy who desecrated our flag!"
The crowd runs past.
Nixon says: "Stop that red menace!"
[Cut to says: "Embassy Row."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg runs past the grey Neutral Planet Embassy, the pretty Klingon Embassy and the Globetrotter Homeworld Embassy."
[Cut to says: "He tires and stops running and wooping."
Zoidberg says: "I'm all scuttled out!"
Zoidberg says: "Huh?"
Zoidberg says: "My planet's embassy?"
Zoidberg says: "They're paid to not kill me!"
Zoidberg says: "A-yoop!"
He jumps into the moat around the embassy and swims over.
[Scene says: "Decapodian Embassy."
[Scene says: "The angry crowd is outside, shouting."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg is inside, sat across a desk from Ambassador Mervin, a man and a woman."
[Scene says: "The curtains close."
Zoidberg says: "I thought I understood this world."
Zoidberg says: "I thought I was fitting in."
Zoidberg says: "But I guess I don't belong on here anymore than I belong on our crappy home planet-- Ooh, sorry."
Decapodian Man says: "What sorry?"
Decapodian Man says: "Our planet stinks, we all know it."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Enough with the persecution, I'm saying."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Zoidberg, as Ambassador, I promise you the full support of our government, already."
Decapodian Woman says: "Poor boy."
Decapodian Woman says: "You want maybe a nice mug cocoa?"
Zoidberg nods.
Zoidberg says: "Ambassador Mervin, you and your staff are so kind."
Zoidberg says: "I'm truly humbled."
Zoidberg says: "What, no marshmallows?"
[Cut to says: "Outside Decapodian Embassy."
Nixon says: "Let's storm the place..."
Nixon says: "without my prior knowledge."
The Planet Express staff push through to the front.
Bender says: "Scuse me, comin' through."
Bender says: "Freedom train, step aside."
Bender says: "You too, fatso."
Bender says: "Freedom!"
Leela says: "Cool your jowls, Nixon."
Leela says: "You may not like it that Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg desecrated a flag."
Leela says: "You might even find the image of it festering in his bowels somehow offensive."
Leela says: "But the right to freedom of expression is guaranteed by the Earth Constitution."
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
Nixon says: "Maybe so."
Nixon says: "But I know a place where the Constitution doesn't mean squat."
[Scene says: "Supreme Court."
Myrtle Fu says: "The Supreme Court hereby accepts the case of Earth vs."
Myrtle Fu says: "Zoidberg."
Nixon says: "Sock it to 'em!"
[Newspaper Headline says: ""Lobster Trial Nears"."
[Newspaper Headline says: "Underneath is a sub-headline: "Mobster Trial Nears"."
[Scene says: "Outside Decapodian Embassy."
[Scene says: "There is a protest rally."
Eating the flag is bad.
Scout Leader says: "Now your noose knot has exactly seven twists."
A man plays a guitar.
Man #2 says: "You can eat my dog."
Man #2 says: "You can eat my truck."
But you eat my flag and you're outta luck!
She's a-wavin' proud around the world, from Dallas to Fort Worth.
Let me say it again...
A truck toots.
Crowd says: "Don't mess with Earth!"
Fry says: "They sure hate Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg."
Bender says: "Pft."
Bender says: "Posers!"
Bender says: "I was hating Zoidberg before it was cool."
Fry says: "Where are we ever going to find a lawyer to take his case?"
Leela says: "I'll ask the head of the ACLU -- once he's done singing."
Man #2 says: "Kill Zoidberg!"
Man #2 says: "Goodnight!"
A man approaches the crew.
Old Man Waterfall says: "Howdy there!"
Old Man Waterfall says: "I'm a lawyer and I'd like to help your friend out of his pickle."
Fry says: "Who are you, old man?"
Old Man Waterfall says: "Name's Old Man Waterfall but most folks just call me "Old Man"."
Fry says: "I'll never remember that."
Old Man Waterfall says: "I'm a veteran of three dozen wars."
Old Man Waterfall says: "Name a body part and a planet and I've taken a bullet in it, on it."
Old Man Waterfall says: "All to keep our flag flying free."
Bender says: "And you wanna defend Zoidberg?"
Bender says: "Are you familiar with the old robot saying "does not compute"?"
Old Man Waterfall says: "Son, to me a robot's just a garbage can with sparks comin' out it."
Bender says: "The sparks keep me warm."
Old Man Waterfall says: "I don't condone what Dr."
Old Man Waterfall says: "Zoidberg did but I'll fight tooth and nail for his freedom to do it."
Old Man Waterfall says: "Or I would if I hadn't lost my teeth and nails on Mars and Saturn respectively."
Fry says: "Wait, you're a lawyer?"
Fry says: "You're hired!"
[Scene says: "Supreme Court."
[Scene says: "A hologram of Zoidberg appears on a table."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff sit in the front row."
Fry says: "You OK there in the embassy, Zoidberg?"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "No."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "There's no cocoa marshmallows, and every night the rats eat a little more of my foot!"
Bailiff says: "Oyez, oyez, oyez."
Bailiff says: "All rise for the Honourable Chief Justice, Myrtle Fu, and the Associate Justices."
Sal pulls in several heads in jars and the Chief Justice.
Myrtle Fu says: "Counsel, you may address the court on behalf of Earth, if you're ready."
Hyper-Chicken says: "I was hatched ready!"
Hyper-Chicken says: "Honourable judge heads, yonder crawdad done ate up our flag."
He points at Zoidberg.
Holo-Zoidberg says: "I was doing freedom of speech, Earth's most sacred right."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, freedom of speech applies to what comes out of a mouth, not what goes in."
O'Connor says: "Can counsel cite precedent?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "Uh, yes, darlin', I can."
Hyper-Chicken says: "In State Of Alabama vs."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Giant Space Iguana, chewin' the corners off the Constitution was deemed non-protected speech."
Souter says: "He shut you up, O'Connor."
He laughs.
Myrtle Fu says: "Mr."
Myrtle Fu says: "Waterfall, you may now present arguments on behalf of Dr."
Myrtle Fu says: "Zoidberg."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Oh, God, I'm nervous."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Two of my three hearts are having attacks."
Bender laughs.
Bender says: "Court's kinda fun when it's not my ass on the line!"
Bender says: "Nachos?"
He offers some around. Old Man Waterfall gets up.
Old Man Waterfall says: "Oh, land-o-Goshen!"
Old Man Waterfall says: "Your Honours, I'm not some slick, big-city lawyer like my opponent here."
Old Man Waterfall says: "But I am a veteran who has fought for his planet."
Old Man Waterfall says: "You see this hand of mine?"
Scalia says: "Yes, I do."
Old Man Waterfall says: "No, you don't  Whoa, jeez!"
Myrtle Fu says: "The Justices and I will now confer using high-speed telepathy."
Myrtle Fu says: "By a vote of six-to-three, we find that flag eating is not protected by the Constitution."
The court gasps.
Bender says: "Six-to-three?"
Bender says: "I beat the spread!"
Myrtle Fu says: "The court orders an immediate public apology."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Apology accepted."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Just don't let it happen again."
Hermes says: "She means you, you turkey of the sea!"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Me?"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Apologise?"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Never!"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "I came to this planet to learn the meaning of freedom, but I say it's you who should get a nice lesson!"
Holo-Zoidberg says: "So do your worst because no punishment could be worse than denying my freedom."
Myrtle Fu says: "You are hereby sentenced to death."
Holo-Zoidberg says: "Wait, let me finish!"
The court gasps.
Myrtle Fu says: "Also, in a rare double-whammy decision, the court finds polygamy constitutional."
The court "boos".
Old Man Waterfall says: "I can't wait to tell my husband!"
The court "boos" louder.
[Scene says: "Outside Decapodian Embassy."
[Scene says: "DOOP soldiers, led by Zapp, stand by the moat."
Zapp says: "Remember, men, take him alive so there's something left to kill."
The troops use a battering ram on the door. Mervin and Zoidberg run onto the balcony above.
Ambassador Mervin says: "Stay back!"
Ambassador Mervin says: "This embassy is sovereign mud of the mud planet Decapod 10."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Invading these mud premises is an act of war."
Zapp says: "Yeah?"
Zapp says: "Well what are you going to do about it, Shrimp-y?"
Ambassador Mervin says: "You wanna see, Mr."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Big-Shot?"
Ambassador Mervin says: "Yes I know it's a schlep."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Just do it!"
The DOOP soldiers look up at the sky but nothing happens. Some clear their throats. Eventually, several Decapodian ships come screeching down from the sky. The ships have crustacean-like pincer claws at the front.
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
Zoidberg says: "Now the rubber band's on the other claw!"
Zapp says: "Ready..."
Zapp says: "retreat!"
The soldiers run for it.
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Street."
[Scene says: "People run as the ships swoop over the top of them."
[Scene says: "One cuts the legs off the stilt people and another grabs a ship and "eats" it."
[Scene says: "A third cuts the top off the Clinton Monument."
[Cut to says: "Outside Library of Congress."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela and Bender run inside, screaming, and shut the doors."
Patron says: "Shh!"
They scream quietly.
[Cut to says: "Decapodian Embassy Balcony."
Zoidberg says: "Deny my freedom, will you?"
Zoidberg says: "Well we'll do to you what we did to the Squash Men of the Squash Planet!"
Zoidberg says: "Squish them!"
He laughs.
Ambassador Mervin says: "Charleston Chew?"
Zoidberg says: "You bet!"
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Decapodian ships fly around, blowing things up."
[Scene says: "The Nimbus flies over the White House."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
[Cut to says: "Zapp watches the mayhem on the viewscreen."
Zapp says: "Alright, Kif, let's show these freaks what a bloated, runaway military budget can do."
Zapp says: "Bring me the activation codes for our global defence network."
Kif says: "Aye, aye, sir."
He drags a computer over to Zapp and it stretches his arm. Zapp pushes a button.
Computer Voice says: "Commence lip identification scan."
Computer Voice says: "No tongue."
The computer beeps and opens up. Zapp takes a disc out of it.
Zapp says: "We can't be too careful with these codes."
Zapp says: "Rumour has it a double agent may be aboard this very ship."
Zapp says: "I'm watching you!"
Zapp says: "You, ensign, what's your name?"
The ensign is a Decapodian wearing a wig, a DOOP uniform and oven gloves over his claws. He salutes.
"Ensign" says: "Hugh Man, sir."
Zapp says: "Hugh Man?"
Zapp says: "Now that's a name I can trust."
Zapp says: "Run down to the central battle computer and enter these codes."
Zapp says: "Chop, chop!"
The Decapodian takes the disc from Zapp and scuttles out.
Kif says: "Um, sir?"
Zapp says: "You're damn right there is!"
Zapp says: "That strapping young lad's gunning for your job."
Zapp says: "And he just might get it."
Kif turns around to the viewscreen and sees the Decapodian fly a small ship towards a larger Decapodian ship. He sighs.
[Scene says: "The Decapodian ship flies towards the Nimbus with the claws at the ready."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
Zapp says: "The enemy approacheth!"
Zapp says: "Lieutenant, fire missile one and recommend me for another medal."
Zapp says: "Make it gaudy, I'm going clubbing later."
Zapp says: "Tick, tock!"
Kif says: "Sir, all planetary defences have been disabled."
Kif says: "Perhaps the Decapodians acquired our secret codes, somehow."
Zapp says: "Well, Kif, stand by to take the blame."
Zapp says: "Steady, steady..."
Zapp says: "now!"
Kif screams.
[Scene says: "The Decapodian ship grabs the Nimbus and cuts it in half."
[Scene says: "The front part falls towards the ground."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Kif scream and it hits the ground."
[Newspaper Headline says: ""Handsome Invaders Defeat Earth"."
[Newspaper Headline says: "A sub-headline reads "Post Names New Editor" and alongside is a picture of a Decapodian."
[Scene says: "Slave Camp."
[Scene says: "People are chained to each other by their ankles."
[Scene says: "They pass buckets along the line and empty it on a big pile of mud."
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, how can you claim to love freedom and then enslave all of Earth?"
Zoidberg says: "Bah!"
Zoidberg says: "Your planet doesn't deserve freedom until it learns what it is to not have freedom."
Zoidberg says: "It's a lesson, I say."
A Decapodian soldier pinches Fry's chest with a pincer spear.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "What the hell is this dirt pile we're building, anyhow?"
Zoidberg says: "None of your beeswax, slave!"
Zoidberg says: "You'll find out soon enough."
Zoidberg says: "Just focus on globing that mud."
Zoidberg says: "Glob!"
The slaves get back to work. Zoidberg and the soldiers leave.
[Scene says: "Outside Capitol Building."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Bender, Kif and Zapp sit on the steps at night as Decapodian ships fly overhead."
[Scene says: "A banner reading "Under New Management" has been hung over the entrance."
Fry says: "I'm no good at being a slave."
Fry says: "I'm thinking about graduate school."
Fry says: "Y'know, to become a barber?"
Leela says: "This can't go on."
Leela says: "Today is the day we fight back!"
Bender says: "It's already 10 o'clock!"
Leela checks her watch.
Leela says: "Oh, you're right."
Leela says: "Tomorrow is the day we fight back."
Zapp says: "Yeah?"
Zapp says: "Well good luck, sister."
Zapp says: "All our modern technology is useless."
Bender says: "I know I am."
He goes to sleep.
Fry says: "Hey, wait!"
Fry says: "I'm having one of those things."
Fry says: "You know, a headache with pictures?"
Leela says: "An idea?"
Fry nods.
[Scene says: "Museum of Ancient Weaponry."
[Scene says: "A banner outside advertises "Nuns And Nunchucks: Mother Teresa's Secret Arsenal"."
Fry says: "Back in my day we didn't have your fancy all-digital weapons, but we still managed to kill each other just fine."
Bender says: "Ah, the crossbow."
Bender says: "A pitiless, elegant killing machine."
Bender says: "The Bender of the 15th century."
Fry says: "Not big enough."
Fry says: "We need something that can take out an entire army."
He sees something and gasps. Leela, Kif, Zapp and Bender see it too.
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Park."
[Scene says: "Mervin gives a speech to the slaves from a stage."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg stands to one side of him."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Earth slaves, behold the fruit of your labours: The Mobile Oppression Palace."
A huge crab-like contraption with the mud dumped on top of it scuttles behind the stage. The slaves gasp.
Bender says: "Neat!"
He takes a photo.
Ambassador Mervin says: "I don't need to tell you that occupation forces are expensive."
Ambassador Mervin says: "But with the Mobile Oppression Palace, a few dignitaries can oppress your entire planet for pennies a day."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Warships, dismissed!"
The Decapodian ships turn skyward and fly away. The Mobile Oppression Palace scuttles away from the park.
[Cut to says: "Washington DC Street."
[Cut to says: "It bashes down a sign for Johnson's Collapsible Top Hats, squeezes and E-Z Squeeze Accordion sign and tries to karate-chop a Hair King Unbreakable Combs sign."
[Cut to says: "It doesn't work."
[Cut to says: "The Palace tries again three times but can't break it so it just pushes the sign over."
[Cut to says: "Old Man Waterfall runs in front of the Palace waving Ol' Freebie."
Old Man Waterfall says: "Do your worst, you sea devils!"
Old Man Waterfall says: "I'll make my stand with Ol' Freebie."
Old Man Waterfall says: "You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit!"
Old Man Waterfall says: "My spirit!"
The Palace claw lifts. Frieda Waterfall runs from the crowd to Old Man Waterfall.
Frieda Waterfall says: "Great Grandpa, no!"
Frieda Waterfall says: "Another victim of the mano-centric male-ocracy."
[Cut to says: "Park."
Zoidberg says: "Ambassador Mervin, you killed my lawyer."
Ambassador Mervin says: "You're welcome."
Zoidberg says: "He defended my freedom when no one else would."
Zoidberg says: "He was a good and honourable man."
[Cut to says: "Washington DC Street."
Old Man Waterfall says: "I request a Satanic funeral."
The crowd "boos".
[Cut to says: "Park."
Zoidberg says: "Is it possible that all this slavery and oppression is shmutzing up our freedom lesson?"
Ambassador Mervin says: "Ah, take a pill, Zoidberg."
Ambassador Mervin says: "Begin again with the crushing!"
[Cut to says: "Washington D."
[Cut to says: "C."
[Cut to says: "Street."
[Cut to says: "The Palace picks up a car and throws it across at a crowd of people."
[Cut to says: "Park."
Fry says: "You haven't won yet, Mervin!"
Fry says: "You didn't expect us to even go to a museum, much less steal this ancient heat-seeking missile."
Ambassador Mervin says: "I don't even know you."
Fry presses a button and the missile launches from behind some trees. It flies behind Fry, Leela and Bender towards the Mobile Oppression Palace.
[Cut to says: "Washington D."
[Cut to says: "C."
[Cut to says: "Street."
[Cut to says: "The Decapodians on the balcony scream."
Decapodian Woman says: "Oh, it's gonna make such a mess!"
The Palace ducks and the missile passes over it. It comes back and flies around it a few times. The Decapodians sigh with relief.
[Cut to says: "Park."
Ambassador Mervin says: "This is your secret plan?"
Ambassador Mervin says: "Meh!"
Ambassador Mervin says: "Heat-seeking missiles are useless against the Mobile Oppression Palace."
Ambassador Mervin says: "All Decapodian technology is cold-blooded, like us!"
The Palace closes in on a crowd of people.
[Cut to says: "Washington D."
[Cut to says: "C."
[Cut to says: "Street."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg picks up the flag Old Man Waterfall was holding."
Zoidberg says: "All eyes on Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "Ew!"
He shakes the flag and the hand flies off. He takes Bender's cigar.
Bender says: "Hey, I need that to smoke!"
Zoidberg sets fire to the flag and the crowd gasps. He waves the flag around, fanning the flames.
Fry says: "Zoidberg, how could you?"
Fry says: "I used to think you were cool."
Zoidberg says: "Wait!"
Zoidberg says: "People of Earth, listen."
Zoidberg says: "Yes, I'm desecrating a flag."
Zoidberg says: "But to preserve the freedom it represents!"
He throws the flag like a javelin at the Mobile Oppression Palace. The heat-seeking missile detects it and flies towards it. The Decapodians scream and leap from the balcony. The Palace explodes and splatters the crowd with mud. They cheer.
Leela says: "Zoidberg, you set us free!"
Leela says: "I feel like I could stand to hug you!"
Leela says: "I can't, but you know what I'm trying to say."
Crowd says: "Zoidberg!"
Crowd says: "Zoidberg!"
Crowd says: "Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "Ah, if only they appreciated freedom this much on my home planet."
Zoidberg says: "Wait a second!"
Zoidberg says: "They do!"
Zoidberg says: "Because this is my home planet."
[Scene says: "Outside Capitol Building."
[Scene says: "Nixon gives a speech to crowds."
Nixon says: "And now, to raise this beautiful new flag, a red lobster that won't ruin your dinner, Dr."
Nixon says: "John Zoidberg!"
The crowd cheers as Zoidberg walks on. The Secretary of Transportation hands Zoidberg a new flag and he unfolds it.
Zoidberg says: "You're a nice man, Nixon."
Scoop Chang says: "Dr."
Scoop Chang says: "Zoidberg, how's about you take a bite of the flag for tomorrow's papers?"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, I couldn't."
Nixon says: "No, no, no, go ahead."
Nixon says: "You've earned it!"
Zoidberg says: "Well, maybe just a taste."
Zoidberg says: "I wonder what the Shroud of Turin tastes like."
Closing Credits.