[Opening Credits. Caption says: "This Episode Performed Entirely By Sock Puppets."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender sit on the couch watching TV."
Linda says: "In what has become a winter tradition, members of the Zarlon 7 Polar Bear Club today took the plunge into a river of liquid ammonia."
The TV shows people jumping in.
Morbo says: "There were no survivors."
Linda chuckles.
Linda says: "Takes all kinds!"
Linda says: "And now, with his annual Xmas message, here's the head of the Xmas Safety Council, the head of Walter Cronkite."
Walter Cronkite's head says: "Season's warnings, Linda and Morbo."
Bender says: "This guy's too trustworthy."
Bender says: "What's his angle?"
Cronkite says: "In all the tinsel and terror of the holiday season we too often underestimate that murderous brute better known as Santa Claus."
Cronkite says: "With images of last year's gingerbread massacre freshly baked into our memories, I remind you to bolt your doors, say goodbye to your pets and lock your children in the closet."
Cronkite says: "This is Walter Cronkite saying, "I told you so"."
Some wood appears over the TV. Hermes is boarding it up.
Hermes says: "Sacred boa of West and Eastern Samoa."
Hermes says: "We've got to secure for Santa's arrival."
Fry presses the remote.
Fry says: "Just as well."
Fry says: "I'm getting tired of this wood show."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Leela struggle to get the armour-plated chimney cover over the fireplace."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth walks in and shakes his fists."
Farnsworth says: "Cover that fireplace, confound you!"
Farnsworth says: "I've only a few years to live."
Farnsworth says: "I don't wanna spend them dead."
Leela says: "We're pushing as hard as we can."
Bender says: "Oh, pushing!"
He pushes it the other way and hurls Fry and Leela over the top. Farnsworth sits down.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, we're doomed!"
Farnsworth says: "Every year we're doomed."
Farnsworth says: "Thanks be I had these bullet-proof shutters installed."
He flips up the arm of the chair and presses a button.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Grey armour covers the building and knocks Amy off a ladder."
[Cut to says: "She screams."
[Cut to says: "A neon light on the hangar roof spells "Trespassers Will Be Shot" and Deck the Halls plays."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
Farnsworth says: "Bring it on, Santa!"
Farnsworth says: "That bloodthirsty cadaver junkie can't touch us as long as we're not stupid enough to leave this building."
Fry says: "Alright!"
Leela says: "Yeah!"
Bender breathes a sigh of relief.
Farnsworth says: "In a related matter, you'll be delivering this sack of children's letters directly to Santa at his death fortress on Neptune."
Fry, Leela and Bender look shocked.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship takes off and one of the landing legs gets stuck in the hangar roof."
[Scene says: "It pulls free and flies away."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela and Bender rummage through the sack."
Fry says: "These letters are real butt-nutters!"
Fry says: "Dear Santa."
[Cut to says: "Girl's Bedroom."
Girl says: "Please, please don't bring me any gifts."
Girl says: "The bicycle you fired at me last year from your bicycle gun really tore up my insides."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "Awful!"
Leela says: "Let's read some more."
Leela says: "Dear Santa."
[Cut to says: "Boy's Bedroom."
Boy says: "Please bring me a coffin for Grandpa."
Boy says: "You choked him with a chestnut last year and he's beginning to smell a lot like Xmas if you know what I mean."
A stiff corpse sits in a rocking chair by a window.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "It's not fair."
Fry says: "In my day Xmas was supposed to bring people together, not blow them apart!"
Bender says: "Sure, but who's going to do anything about it?"
Bender says: "Certainly not us."
Bender says: "No, sir!"
Fry says: "Certainly yes us, uh-huh, sir!"
Fry says: "We've gotta bring back the kind of Xmas I remember."
Leela says: "Fry's right."
Leela says: "It's time to sit on Santa's lap -- and hard!"
[Scene says: "Neptune Surface."
[Scene says: "The ship lands outside a little town called Jolly Junction at the north pole."
[Scene says: "There is a the sound of gunfire and barking dogs."
[Scene says: "The cargo bay lift comes down with Fry, Leela, Bender and the sack of letters."
[Scene says: "Leela sees something."
Leela says: "Oh, look!"
Leela says: "A cute little welcoming party."
Neptunians walk towards them holding hands.
Aide #1 says: "Hey!"
Aide #1 says: "Wanna buy a tiny little kidney?"
Aide #2 says: "I'll let you punch me for a buck."
Fry says: "Uh, look; we've got mail for Santa."
Fry says: "Are you his elves?"
Aide #2 says: "We're not elves."
Aide #2 says: "We're Neptunians."
Aide #1 says: "We're just shrimp-y because he doesn't feed us."
Aide #2 grabs Fry's hand and slaps himself with it.
Aide #2 says: "You hit me!"
Aide #2 says: "You owe me a dollar."
[Scene says: "Jolly Junction."
[Scene says: "Neptunians beat each other and smash bottles over each other's heads."
[Scene says: "Bender drags the sack down the icy street."
[Scene says: "Two Neptunians shout from in a house."
Aide #3 says: "Hey, you got any food?"
Aide #3 says: "Old teabags, chewed gum, apple cores?"
Aide #3 says: "Come on!"
Aide #3 says: "We're starving here!"
Fry says: "But you live in a gingerbread house."
Aide #4 says: "Hey!"
Aide #4 says: "It's food or shelter, not both."
Bender says: "You lazy runts!"
Bender says: "Don't you get paid for making the toys?"
Aide #4 says: "Who said "toys"?"
All over the street Neptunians stop and look at Bender.
Neptunians says: "Toys?"
Neptunians says: "Toys?"
Neptunians says: "Who said "toys"?"
Aide #2 says: "False alarm, folks!"
Aide #2 says: "There's no reason to make toys since Santa judges everyone to be naughty."
[He points at the toy factory. It has a sign on it reading "Toy Works Closed. Coming Soon says: "Crackhouse"."
Fry says: "That's it!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna deliver a gift of my boot up Santa's chimney."
Fry says: "Where is he?"
Aide #2 says: "There!"
Aide #2 says: "In his ice fortress."
He points up a mountain. The fortress is at the top and lightning flashes around it.
Leela says: "We'll need help getting in."
Leela says: "Any volunteers?"
None of the Neptunians raise their hand.
Aide #1 says: "I'll help you!"
Aide #2 sees Aide #1 has raised both of their hands.
Aide #2 says: "Ah, phooey!"
[Scene says: "Outside Ice Fortress."
[Scene says: "The Neptunians carry the sack of letters up the winding track in a wheelbarrow."
[Scene says: "They pass a cardboard Santa with an outstretched arm like at a theme park."
[Scene says: "It holds a sign reading "If You Are Taller Than This Prepare To Die"."
[Scene says: "A circular saw comes out of the hand and cuts their hats off."
[Scene says: "They pass some dogs that bark Jingle Bells at them."
[Scene says: "A bird lands on the electric fence and gets sizzled."
[Scene says: "Aide #2 picks it up."
Aide #2 says: "An omen?"
Aide #1 says: "Dinner!"
He takes it and puts it down his trousers.
[Scene says: "Ice Fortress."
[Scene says: "Santa sits in a chair at an enormous screen."
[Scene says: "He laughs maniacally."
Santa says: "Let's see who's been naughty, and who's been naughty!"
Santa says: "Huh?"
He turns around and sees the Neptunians bring in the wheelbarrow.
Aide #2 says: "We brought your mail."
Santa says: "Don't you ever knock?"
Santa says: "Who knows what naughty things I could be watching?"
Santa says: "I get New Orleans on this thing, you know!"
Aide #2 says: "Don't kill us!"
They run off. The sack rustles. Inside are Fry, Leela and Bender.
Leela says: "Santa's a robot, so we should be able to destroy him with a logical paradox."
Leela says: "Bender, you'd better cover your ears."
She tears open the bag and they leap out. Santa's eyes turn evil.
Santa says: "Holy night!"
Santa says: "Intruders!"
He picks up a missile launcher and aims it at Leela.
Leela says: "Hold it, Santa!"
Leela says: "Consider this: You are programmed to destroy the naughty, but many of those you destroy are in fact nice."
Leela says: "I submit to you that you are naughty and, logically, you must destroy yourself."
Sparks come from Santa's neck. He jitters and his head explodes. Fry and Leela cheer but he immediately grows a new head.
Santa says: "Nice try."
Santa says: "But my head was built with paradox-absorbing crumple-zones."
He raises the missile launcher again. Leela and Fry duck out the way. He aims it at Bender who is still covering his ears. He sees Santa and runs. They run down a corridor and Santa shoots missiles at them. They duck into an elevator and a missile wedges itself in the door.
[Cut to says: "Elevator."
[Cut to says: "The crew huddle in a corner."
[Cut to says: "Leela frantically presses the down button."
[Cut to says: "The elevator goes down and cuts off the top of the missile."
[Cut to says: "It bleeps on the floor."
[Cut to says: "The crew scream."
[Cut to says: "Outside Ice Fortress."
[Cut to says: "They run out with Leela carrying the warhead."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "This is what we're running from!"
She tosses the warhead back into the elevator. They get on a sled but it doesn't move.
Fry says: "Faster!"
Fry says: "Faster!"
The bomb explodes and propels the sled down the track. Sentry towers shoot at them and the Santa cut-out sticks out its circular saw.
[Cut to says: "Jolly Junction."
[Cut to says: "The Neptunians cook their bird on a spit."
[Cut to says: "The sled slides past and sprays snow over the fire."
[Cut to says: "They speed on round a corner and hit the steps of the ship."
[Cut to says: "They get off and run inside."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Everyone sits down and Leela presses some buttons."
[Cut to says: "The engines start but the ship just shakes."
Fry says: "Why aren't we moving?"
Leela presses some more buttons and throws the wheel about.
Leela says: "I don't know."
Leela says: "Usually when I do stuff like this the ship moves."
[Cut to says: "Outside Ship."
[Cut to says: "Santa holds the engines, stopping the ship from moving."
Santa says: "Ho, ho-- Eh?"
He looks down. The radiation from the engines begins to melt the snow and ice beneath him and he sinks. He lets go of the ship and it lands again. The ice solidifies around him and the Neptunians and crew gather around.
Fry says: "He's trapped!"
The Neptunians cheer. One runs forward and kicks him.
Aide #2 says: "Now we can make toys again!"
Neptunians says: "Toys!"
Neptunians says: "Toys!"
Neptunians says: "Toys!"
Fry says: "And I can deliver them."
Fry says: "Billions and billions in one night."
He takes Santa's hat and puts it on.
Santa says: "Ha!"
Santa says: "No human could do all that."
Fry says: "Evil Knievel could!"
Santa says: "Nuh-uh!"
Bender says: "Santa's right."
Bender says: "We need some sort of robot."
Bender says: "Aw, crap!"
Bender says: "I'm some sort of robot."
Fry puts his hat on Bender's head. The Neptunians throw their hats in the air.
Neptunians says: "Hooray!"
Neptunians says: "Hooray!"
Time Lapse.
Santa says: "Bender can't be Santa!"
Santa says: "He wasn't built to Yuletide specifications."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Well I wasn't built to steal Leela's purse either."
Bender says: "But that didn't stop me."
Leela says: "Bender!"
She takes it from him. Bender turns to the Neptunians.
Bender says: "Bow to your new Santa!"
Neptunians says: "Our hero!"
[Scene says: "Jolly Junction."
[Scene says: "The Neptunians sing and skip towards the Toyworks."
With so many toys to build.
[Cut to says: "Toyworks."
Probably someone will be killed,.
But we gladly work for nothing--.
Fry says: "Which is good because we don't intend to pay."
All says: "The elves are back to work today!"
Neptunians says: "Hooray!"
They saw logs and they go down a conveyor belt.
We have just a couple hours,.
To make several billion gifts,.
A Neptunian boxes some toys. Another adds the polystyrene S's.
And the labour isn't easy--.
You can make the job go quicker if you turn up the controls to super-speed.
She turns a dial to "Lucy".
Fry says: ",  and   It's back to work on Xmas Eve!"
Neptunians says: "Hooray!"
Your pride will mask the pain.
Aide #5 says: "There's a toy lodged in my brain!"
There is a train in his head. Bender sits on the conveyor belt and the Neptunians spray him red.
And we can't work any faster,.
And we're very, very sorry--.
Do you want the kids to think that Santa's just a crummy, empty-handed jerk?
He kicks a Neptunian.
Aide #6 says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Then shut your yaps and back to work."
[Scene says: "Outside Toyworks."
[Scene says: "It is night."
[Scene says: "Santa's sleigh is being loaded with presents."
And we've done the best we could,.
Fry says: "These toys soldiers are poorly painted."
Leela says: "And they're made from inferior wood."
She snaps the soldier in half.
But I really have to fly.
He flies over Santa.
I'd harpoon you in the eye.
To drown ourselves in rye.
I guess that some of these gorillas are OK.
The Neptunians cheer.
Aide #7 says: "We're adequate!"
All says: "The elves have rescued Xmas Day!"
All says: "Hooray!"
Bender flies overhead and around Santa's fortress. Some presents fall out of the sleigh and the fortress defences shoot them.
[Scene says: "He flies towards Earth and over the streets of New New York."
[Scene says: "A snowman in the street wears a helmet holds a gun with a bayonet."
[Scene says: "Jeffery Grant's Rooftop."
[Scene says: "Bender throws the sack over his shoulder."
[Scene says: "He sees bars on the chimney."
Bender says: "Duh, OK!"
He bends them.
[Cut to says: "Jeffery Grant's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender falls into the fireplace."
[Cut to says: "The family are hidden behind a couch."
Girl says: "Mommy!"
Girl says: "Mommy!"
Girl says: "Santa's through the perimeter!"
Mrs. Grant says: "This is it, kids."
Mrs. Grant says: "Take your suicide pills so you won't suffer."
Bender says: "No, wait!"
Bender says: "I'm the good Santa."
Bender says: "I've got toys..."
Bender says: "at very reasonable prices!"
Jeffery says: "Don't listen to him."
Jeffery says: "He's the father of all lies and the uncle of all tricks!"
Bender says: "But I come bearing Tri-ominos!"
Mrs. Grant stands up and raises a crowbar.
Mrs. Grant says: "Go for the shins!"
Bender runs back into the fireplace and scrambles up the chimney. The family hit him with metal objects and he cries out in pain.
[Cut to says: "Jeffery Grant's Rooftop."
[Cut to says: "Bender emerges from the chimney with his legs completely battered."
[Cut to says: "He crawls into the sleigh."
Bender says: "One down..."
[Scene says: "Bender lands on another roof and climbs down the chimney."
[Cut to says: "Petunia's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The room is dark."
[Cut to says: "Lights go on and Petunia stands in the doorway in her nightie."
Petunia says: "Well, hello there, handsome!"
Petunia says: "Won't you have a cookie?"
Bender says: "Uh, don't mind if I do."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "What's in these things?"
Petunia says: "Why don't you slip into something more fiery?"
She blasts him with a flamethrower and he screams.
[Cut to says: "Petunia's Rooftop."
[Cut to says: "Bender flies out of the chimney and lands in a charred heap."
[Cut to says: "His sack lands on him."
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Bender flies the sleigh through the sky."
[Scene says: "The Kwanzaabot flies alongside."
Kwanzaabot says: "Yo, Kringle!"
Kwanzaabot says: "What happened to you, doll?"
Bender says: "Oh, it's awful, Kwanzaabot."
Bender says: "Everyone hates me."
Kwanzaabot says: "At least they understand you, you know what I'm sayin'?"
Kwanzaabot says: "Ain't nobody down with this Kwanzaa tip."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Maybe you could lend me a hand with these deliveries."
Kwanzaabot makes a noise like a "no" buzzer.
Kwanzaabot says: "No time!"
Kwanzaabot says: "I gotta hand out the traditional Kwanzaa book."
Kwanzaabot says: "I've been givin' these out for 647 years!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Amy flies up to the top of the Xmas tree and sprays lights from a can onto it."
[Scene says: "Leela puts candy canes on a bush."
[Scene says: "Nibbler emerges from it and eats them."
[Scene says: "Fry and Hermes stand by a bathtub of what looks like eggnog."
Fry says: "Ah!"
Fry says: "Bathtub eggnog!"
Fry says: "Just the way Grandma used to drink."
Fry says: "Ew!"
Fry says: "It went sour!"
Zoidberg sits up in the bath.
Zoidberg says: "Can't I have a scented bath in peace?"
He scrubs his back with a brush.
Leela says: "Remember, Professor, Bender is Santa."
Leela says: "So we don't need to hurt him, right?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, yes, yes."
Farnsworth says: "You sound like a broken mp3!"
Bender lands in the fireplace.
Bender says: "Ho, ho--  Ow!"
Leela says: "Professor!"
Leela says: "Don't you remember what I told you?"
Farnsworth says: "No!"
He shoots Bender again and Hermes and Amy dodge.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Roof."
[Scene says: "Bender sits on the roof of the dome and unrolls his list of presents."
[Scene says: "He crosses off Farnsworth's name."
Bender says: "Oh, there's gotta be a better way."
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks past a Toys For Tots bin and empties the sack of presents into the sewer."
Bender says: "Bender, you're a genius!"
Vyolet stands under the sewer grate waving a Barbie.
Vyolet says: "This creates an unrealistic standard of beauty!"
She snorts.
[Scene says: "Alley."
[Scene says: "Bender sits leaning against a dumpster and holding a bottle of beer."
Bender says: "Now it's time for Santa to screw open his present!"
He opens the bottle and drinks the beer. From the end of the alley, Smitty and URL watch.
Smitty says: "It's Santa!"
Smitty says: "And we got him cornered!"
URL says: "Aw, I smell a juicy promotion for me."
Smitty says: "And a juicy re-hiring-back-onto-the-force for me!"
They shine a light at Bender.
[Newspaper Headline says: ""Suspect Nabbed In Santa Case."
[Newspaper Headline says: "Chanukah Zombie Still At Large"."
[Scene says: "Famous Original Ray's Superior Court."
[Scene says: "The courtroom is packed with people for Bender's trial."
Bailiff says: "This Xmas Day session of court will come to order."
Bailiff says: "The Honourable Judge Whitey presiding."
Whitey takes his seat and bangs his gavel.
Whitey says: "Santa Claus, you stand accused of crimes against humanity."
Whitey says: "How do you plead?"
Bender says: "Not Santa!"
Farnsworth stands up and points at Bender.
Farnsworth says: "There he is again!"
He shoots Bender in the back.
Time Lapse. The Hyper-Chicken Lawyer questions the witness, a little girl.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Now, Pramala, I know it's scary in that there witness box but t'ain't no need to fear me."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Daddy done good, huh?"
Time Lapse. Bender cross-examines the girl.
Bender says: "Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?"
Pramala says: "Yes."
Pramala says: "You gave me a dollar and some candy."
Bender says: "And yet you haven't said what I told you to say."
Bender says: "How can any of us trust you?"
Pramala bursts into tears.
Whitey says: "Quit badgering the witness!"
The Hyper-Chicken jumps up.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Badger?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "Where?"
He clucks around in a panic. Whitey bangs his gavel.
Whitey says: "Whereas I have a ham dinner with mayonnaise waiting for me at my mansion, I find the defendant guilty."
Whitey says: "Santa Claus, I hereby sentence you to be executed at sundown."
He bangs his gavel. Bender is shocked. Smitty and URL lead him away.
Leela says: "It's not fair."
Leela says: "I just hope that dumb chicken is ashamed of himself."
[Cut to says: "Outside Famous Original Ray's Superior Court."
[Cut to says: "The Hyper-Chicken crows on the roof."
[Scene says: "Stattica Robot Penitentiary."
[Scene says: "Smitty and URL lead Bender into the cells."
[Scene says: "Mayor Poopenmeyer and the Preacherbot follow them."
Smitty says: "Deactivated robot walking."
Smitty says: "We got a deactivated robot walking here."
A robot leans through his cell bars and stops them.
Robot says: "Hey, Santa, when you see the Robot Devil, tell him I'm-a comin'!"
They past the next cell. The Robot Devil is inside.
Robot Devil says: "I heard him!"
[Scene says: "Neptune Surface."
[Scene says: "The ship lands outside Jolly Junction."
[Scene says: "The steps squash a Jack-in-the-Box and it plays Pop Goes The Weasel."
[Scene says: "The Neptunians now wear summer gear."
Aide #1 says: "Greetings, masters."
Aide #1 says: "My companion and I made lots of toys."
Leela pushes him aside.
Leela says: "Outta my way, shrimp-oh."
Leela says: "We're here to bring Santa back so we can prove Bender's innocent."
Time Lapse. Leela cuts through the ice around Santa with a chainsaw.
Santa says: "Do what you will."
Santa says: "But we'll see who has the last ho."
Fry, Leela and the Neptunians use planks and candy canes to lift Santa out of the ground in one solid block of ice.
Leela says: "There."
The ice starts to melt.
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "The ice is melting!"
Leela says: "The pollution from the factory!"
Leela says: "It caused a greenhouse effect."
Aide #1 says: "That would explain this heat."
Fry says: "And your breezy short-shorts!"
Aide #2 says: "Uh, yeah!"
Aide #2 says: "That would explain it."
Santa breaks through the melting ice. Everyone screams and runs. Fry and Leela run into the Toyworks.
[Cut to says: "Toyworks."
[Cut to says: "Neptunians make toys."
[Cut to says: "Santa runs in, shooting a laser, and the elves run."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela scream and jump onto the conveyor belt and over toy soldiers like hurdles."
[Cut to says: "Santa follows, still shooting."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela jump off the end of the conveyor belt."
[Cut to says: "Leela turns one of the soldiers bayonets upwards and it impales Santa."
[Cut to says: "He groans."
[Cut to says: "Neptune Surface."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela run up the steps."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela powers up the ship and it takes off and tears away from Neptune."
Fry says: "Hurry!"
Fry says: "We've gotta think of another way to save Bender or Xmas will be ruined!"
Leela says: "Especially for Bender."
[Scene says: "Santa crouches on the roof of the ship."
Santa says: "Look out, Earth."
Santa says: "I'm dreaming of a red Xmas."
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Stattica Robot Penitentiary."
[Scene says: "Bender is being strapped to a table for his execution by Magnexecutioner."
[Scene says: "He is moved forward between two giant magnets."
Poopenmeyer says: "Ah, good old Maggie!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Eh?"
Poopenmeyer says: "When I pull this switch, these powerful electromagnets will tear you limb-from-limb, killing you in the most humane possible manner."
Bender says: "But, Mr."
Bender says: "Mayor, that doesn't sound humane."
Poopenmeyer says: "It is for the witnesses because it's not boring!"
Poopenmeyer says: "The instant this random number generator reaches zero, you'll be executed."
Bender says: "Aw!"
Poopenmeyer presses a button. The generator displays numbers.
Poopenmeyer says: "Ten."
Poopenmeyer says: "Three."
Poopenmeyer says: "Twelve."
Poopenmeyer says: "Three again."
Enter Leela.
Leela says: "Stop the execution!"
Bender says: "Leela!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Fifteen."
Poopenmeyer says: "Negative eight."
Leela says: "You got the wrong Santa."
Leela says: "And I'll prove it."
Fry walks in dressed in a Santa outfit.
Fry says: "I'm Santa Claus!"
The witnesses gasp.
Poopenmeyer says: "What?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Twenty-seven."
Enter Hermes in a Santa outfit.
Hermes says: "No."
Hermes says: "I'm Santa Claus."
Poopenmeyer says: "Six."
Enter Amy and Farnsworth in Santa outfits.
Amy says: "We're also Santa Claus."
Enter Zoidberg dressed as Jesus, surrounded by a white light.
Zoidberg says: "And I'm his friend Jesus!"
Fry says: "Your Mayor-ness, if you execute him, you have to execute all of us."
Poopenmeyer says: "You people aren't Santa."
Poopenmeyer says: "You're not even robots!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Ninety-one."
Poopenmeyer says: "How dare you lie in front of Jesus!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Hey!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Zero!"
He throws the switch and sends the electricity through the electromagnets. Bender's arms and legs are pulled to them.
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Not the magnets!"
Bender says: "Swing low, sweet..."
Fry says: "This is horrible."
Farnsworth says: "But it's not boring!"
Santa's sleigh crashes through the wall, knocking off one of the electromagnets.
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
He shoots the other electromagnet off the wall. Everyone scatters except for Fry, Leela, Bender and Poopenmeyer. Fry and Leela dive behind some rubble.
Poopenmeyer says: "My God!"
Poopenmeyer says: "The real Santa!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Get him, Jesus!"
Zoidberg says: "I help those who help themselves."
Santa shoots at him and he runs out. The sleigh lands.
Bender says: "Santa!"
Bender says: "You saved my life."
Bender says: "Please don't kill me!"
Santa laughs.
Santa says: "I'm not here to kill you, Bender!"
Santa says: "I need you to help me save Xmas."
Bender says: "Gee whiz, Santa!"
Bender says: "You want me to help you?"
Fry says: "Don't do it!"
Fry says: "He's evil!"
Santa says: "I know he is but I have no choice."
Santa says: "I'm running late and if I don't complete my brutal rampage, well, it just wouldn't be Xmas."
Santa says: "I guess what I'm asking is: Bender, won't you join my slaying tonight?"
Bender says: "Well..."
Bender says: "'tis the season!"
Santa pulls him out of his restraints and puts him in the sleigh. He climbs in and the sleigh flies off.
[Scene says: "New New York City Streets."
[Scene says: "Santa flies the sleigh down a street and Bender smashes lights with a blernsball bat."
[Scene says: "Santa shoots a missile at a Stinky Stork's Diaper Service truck and it explodes, showering people with diapers."
[Scene says: "Scruffy puts up an umbrella."
Man says: "My hair!"
Woman says: "My wedding cake!"
Santa and Bender laugh.
Santa says: "Let it snow!"
They fly around a corner and Bender holds handfuls of toys.
Bender says: "Merry Xmas, kids!"
He throws the toys through windows and walls. Santa shoots a bike at a little girl. Bender laughs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "The staff and LaBarbara sit in darkness."
[Scene says: "Outside, buildings burn and police car sirens wail."
Leela says: "This wangs chun!"
Leela says: "After all the good we tried to do, Xmas turned out as rotten as ever."
Farnsworth says: "No heat."
Amy says: "No power."
Hermes says: "Huddled together in fear like lice in a burning wig."
He hugs LaBarbara. Zoidberg and Fry are also huddled together.
Fry says: "Wait a second!"
Fry says: "Maybe your futuristic Xmas isn't so rotten after all."
Leela says: "What are you talking about, you crouton?"
Leela says: "You said it yourself: Xmas should be about bringing people together, not blowing them apart."
Fry says: "But don't you see?"
Fry says: "Fear has brought us together."
Fry says: "That's the magic of Xmas!"
Farnsworth says: "That's a big crock of--  Hold me!"
Everyone huddles together.
[Scene says: "In the sky, Bender whips the reindeer."
Bender says: "On, Trasher!"
Bender says: "On, Smasher!"
Bender says: "Hey, Kwanzaabot, where you off to?"
Kwanzaabot says: "Ah, you didn't hear about it?"
Kwanzaabot says: "Chanukah Zombie's having a luau at the B'nai B'rith!"
Kwanzaabot says: "You comin'?"
Bender says: "Word!"
The Kwanzaabot flies off. Santa pulls out a present.
Santa says: "By the way, Bender, here's a small token of my appreciation for being Santa while I was trapped in the ice."
Bender takes the gift and cheers. He opens it.
Bender says: "Hey, chief, you screwed up."
Bender says: "There's nothing in here."
Santa says: "Oh, it might appear empty but the message is clear: Play Santa again and I'll kill you next year!"
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
Closing Credits.