[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, afternoon."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth enters and walks up to the conference table."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Remember when you asked to see my family tree?"
Leela, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, Amy, and Fry are sitting at the conference table. Leela is reading a book and Hermes and Amy are playing cards.
Leela says: "No."
Bender says: "No."
Zoidberg says: "No."
Hermes says: "No."
Amy says: "No."
Fry says: "No."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ta-da!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "And, just recently, I learned of a modern-day Farnsworth, who invented the anti-senility truss."
The sphere enlarges and shows Professor Farnsworth.
Leela says: "That's you, Professor."
Leela points at Professor Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wha?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ah, yes."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Farnsworths boast a proud and distinguished lineage."
Professor Farnsworth says: "No wormy fruit on this tree."
Amy says: "What about Fry?"
Amy says: "Isn't he your distant uncle?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Very distant."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Not a true Farnsworth, mind you."
Professor Farnsworth says: "He's way over here on this filthy branch riddled with fungus and dung beetles."
Professor Farnsworth walks up to the branch. The branch falls off and on top of Fry. Fry stops snoring.
Fry says: "What's with the seventeen dung beetles?"
The dung beetles run across the conference table. Amy raises her arms in disgust. Bender squashes one of the dung beetles. On the other side of the conference table are a hanger with a hat on it and Hermes. Hermes is looking at a watch on his right arm and holding a suitcase with his left hand. The hologram disappears.
Hermes says: "Well, it's six o'clock."
Hermes says: "I guess we'll have to deliver that Human heart tomorrow."
Hermes says: "Good work, people!"
Hermes waves and leaves. Bender raises his arms in excitement.
Bender says: "Woohoo!"
Bender says: "Time to go clubbin'."
Bender says: "Baby seals, here I come."
Bender hits his left hand with the baseball bat three times and leaves. Fry stretches, stands up, and adjusts his back.
Fry says: "Guess I better head over to my night job."
Leela says: "You have a night job?"
Fry says: "Yup."
Fry says: "It's exhausting, but I need the extra money to buy coffee so I can stay awake for my night job."
Leela says: "But—"
Fry says: "Gotta go!"
Fry waves and leaves.
[Scene says: "Outside the Head Museum, night."
[Scene says: "Fry is wearing a suit and flies through the Tube Transport System."
Fry says: "Woo!"
Fry falls on his head and grunts, then falls on his back and screams.
[Cut to says: "Dr."
[Cut to says: "Cahill's office."
[Cut to says: "There is a table."
[Cut to says: "Abraham Lincoln's head is standing on it and Dr."
[Cut to says: "Cahill is leaning against it."
[Cut to says: "Abraham Lincoln's beard is filled with something green."
Dr. Cahill says: "You've got a surprising amount of algae in your beard, Mr."
Dr. Cahill says: "President."
Dr. Cahill says: "Just sit still and let the algae eater do its work."
Dr. Cahill lifts up a fishing net and uses it to drop an algae eater in Abraham Lincoln's jar. The algae eater bites Abraham Lincoln's head repeatedly.
Abraham Lincoln's head says: "Ooh!"
Abraham Lincoln's head says: "Ow!"
Abraham Lincoln's head says: "Ooh!"
Abraham Lincoln's head says: "Lay off my trademark mole."
Fry enters. A purse is between Abraham Lincoln's head and Dr. Cahill.
Dr. Cahill says: "Hi, Lars."
Fry says: "Fry."
Fry shrugs.
Dr. Cahill says: "Whatever."
Dr. Cahill says: "Remember: No loud noise, no head bowling, and no parties."
Dr. Cahill says: "Or it'll be your ass in a jar!"
Dr. Cahill points at Fry.
Fry says: "I wanna go to that museum!"
Fry points at something in front of him.
[Cut to says: "The Hall of Presidents."
[Cut to says: "Twenty-eight Presidential heads can be seen."
[Cut to says: "Fry has entered and is steering a cart with a bag labelled PRESIDENT CHOW on it."
[Cut to says: "Inside the bag is a spoon."
[Cut to says: "Fry feeds Grover Cleveland's head."
Bill Clinton's head says: "Man, this place is a snooze."
Bill Clinton's head says: "Hey, Fry, I challenge President Taft 'ere to a pie-eatin' contest."
William Taft's head says: "You're on, skinny!"
Fry says: "Sorry, guys."
Fry says: "You know the rules."
Fry says: ""No fun allowed."
Andrew Jackson's head says: "Come on, you pansy!"
Andrew Jackson's head says: "I'm thirsty."
Andrew Jackson's head says: "I want me some Tennessee loopy juice!"
Warren Harding's head says: "And I want loose women."
Warren Harding's head says: "The kind that aren't afraid to show a little ankle."
James Madison's head says: "Or elbow."
James Madison's head smiles.
Fry says: "No visitors!"
Fry says: "I'll lose my job."
Rutherford B. Hayes' head says: "Oh, boo-hoo!"
Rutherford B. Hayes' head says: "I'll lose my minimum-wage job."
All the Presidents' heads begin laughing.
Fry says: "You're mean, Rutherford B."
Fry says: "Hayes!"
Fry points at Rutherford B. Hayes' head. All the Presidents' heads stop laughing.
Franklin D. Roosevelt's head says: "Listen here, young man!"
Franklin D. Roosevelt's head says: "We have nothing to fear but running out of beer."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "Alright."
Fry says: "One small get-together."
Fry says: "But let's keep it quiet and dignified."
Time lapse. There is music. Zoidberg is holding a bottle of beer with his left hand, dancing, and waving around his coat with his right hand.
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah!"
The camera zooms out, revealing that Zoidberg is standing on top of the heads of Ashlee Douglas and Tyler Barnette, who are standing on top of the heads of Zoe Washburne, David Torres, and Bob Glass; Scruffy and Amy are dancing; Amy is holding a bottle of beer with her right hand; and Fry is holding Dwight D. Eisenhower's head with both his hands and walking. The camera pans over to Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Leela, and Bender. Professor Farnsworth is holding a bottle of beer with his left hand, Hermes is dancing, Leela is holding a bottle of beer with her left hand and dancing, and Bender is holding a bottle of beer with his right hand.
Bender says: "Woohoo!"
Bender says: "Yeah, alright!"
Bender laughs, throws his bottle at a shelf, shattering it, grabs one of the six bottles in Calvin Coolidge's jar, and pops it open. Scruffy, Leela, and Hermes have already popped open theirs.
Scruffy says: "Four more beers!"
Leela says: "Four more beers!"
Hermes says: "Four more beers!"
Bender says: "Four more beers!"
Scruffy says: "Four more beers!"
Leela says: "Four more beers!"
Hermes says: "Four more beers!"
Bender says: "Four more beers!"
Scruffy, Leela, Hermes, and Bender drink. Amy throws a coin into Dwight D. Eisenhower's jar.
Amy says: "Yes!"
Amy says: "Right in the ike!"
James Madison's head says: "Nice elbow action."
James Madison's head laughs nervously. The camera pans over to Hermes and Thomas Jefferson's head.
Hermes says: "So..."
Hermes says: "You grow hemp?"
Thomas Jefferson's head says: "Yes."
Hermes says: "And..."
Hermes says: "You do what with it?"
Thomas Jefferson's head says: "All manner of things."
Thomas Jefferson's head says: "Manufacture paper, fabric, rope..."
Hermes says: "Oh."
Hermes says: "Well, nice talking to you."
Hermes goes away.
Thomas Jefferson's head says: "Why, I used to smoke about four feet of rope a day."
Hermes comes back, running.
Hermes says: "Let me give you my pager number."
Hermes lifts up a piece of paper with his right hand. The music stops. Professor Farnsworth walks up to Ronald Reagan's head.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hey, Reagan."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Remember when you asked to see my family tree?"
Professor Farnsworth lifts up a spherical device with both his hands.
Ronald Reagan's head says: "I asked you to leave me alone."
Professor Farnsworth presses a button on the spherical device with his right hand. The spherical device shows a tree filled with spheres that is smaller than the one seen earlier.
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Farnsworths are a remarkable—"
George Washington's head says: "That name is a stain on American history!"
George Washington's head says: "One of the worst traitors of the Revolution was a Farnsworth!"
Professor Farnsworth has walked up to George Washington's head.
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're lying!"
Professor Farnsworth points at George Washington's head. The camera zooms out, revealing Leela.
Leela says: "He's George Washington!"
Leela says: "He tends not to do that!"
Leela points at George Washington's head.
George Washington's head says: "David Farnsworth was a notorious British agent and counterfeiter."
George Washington's head says: "He conspired to bring down our nation with his fraudulent currency."
George Washington's head lifts up a piece of paper with his Robotic right hand. The camera zooms in on the piece of paper. The piece of paper reads Colony of Maƒƒachuƒetts - TWO THIRDS OF A DOLLAR, According to a Reƒolution of CONGRESS, paƒƒed at PHILADELPHIA - c. 1775 Philad. - No. 178669 and has an indistinctive signature and a logo with MIND YOUR BUSINESS on it. Professor Farnsworth grabs it with his left hand and looks at it.
Professor Farnsworth says: "A Farnsworth did this?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "My good name is ruined!"
Professor Farnsworth sits on Gerald Ford's head.
Gerald Ford's head says: "Hi!"
Gerald Ford's head says: "I'm Jerry."
Gerald Ford's head says: "I like movies."
Time lapse. There is music. Amy is holding a bottle of beer with her left hand, Professor Farnsworth is sitting on Gerald Ford's head, Zoidberg is dancing with his coat on, Leela is dancing with Martin Van Buren's head against her breasts, Hermes is holding a bottle of beer with his right hand and dancing, and Fry is holding a bottle of beer with his right hand, dancing, and drinking. The eyes of Leela and Fry are closed. Amy kisses a jar. Martin Van Buren's head stares at Leela's breasts with a smile on his face. The camera zooms out, revealing Bender.
Bender says: "Anyone seen Ulysses Grant?"
Bender says: "He owes me a cheroot."
Leela turns to her right.
Leela says: "He's over there, pukin' in the Bushes."
Bender looks at Leela and turns to the same direction. Ulysses Grant, who is on a shelf, prepares to vomit in the jars of George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush, who are on the floor.
George H. W. Bush's head says: "No!"
George W. Bush's head says: "No!"
Dr. Cahill enters, perusing a set of paper sheets, and looks surprised. The music stops playing. Zoidberg, Fry, Leela, and Professor Farnsworth gasp. Leela drops Martin Van Buren's head on the floor. Martin Van Buren's jar shatters.
Fry says: "Oh, boy."
Dr. Cahill has crossed her arms.
Dr. Cahill says: "When they should be partying!"
Amy is holding her bottle of beer with her right hand.
Amy says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Hermes says: "Alright!"
James Polk's head presses a button on a stereo with his Robotic left hand. The music resumes playing. Zoidberg lifts up Lyndon Johnson's head.
Zoidberg says: "Hey, hey, LBJ."
Zoidberg says: "You wanna get drunk?"
Lyndon Johnson's head says: "Oh, hell, yeah."
Lyndon Johnson's head says: "Whoa!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, no!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The effects of jar juice aren't fully understood!"
Professor Farnsworth and Amy separate Zoidberg and Lyndon Johnson's head. Amy puts Lyndon Johnson's jar on top of another jar.
Zoidberg says: "Uh..."
Zoidberg says: "Not bad."
Zoidberg says: "A hint of vitalis and—"
Zoidberg screams. Zoidberg's eyes turns to plasma, but go back to normal in a moment. However, a plasma sphere has appeared in his chest. The plasma sphere becomes larger, consuming him, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy whole, becomes brighter, dazzling Leela and Bender, and disappears.
[Cut to says: "Wall."
[Cut to says: "Three Campbell's Soup paintings can be seen."
[Cut to says: "The plasma sphere appears, forms the figures of Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, and Amy, and disappears."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth has a flower on his head, hair, beard, different glasses, and a necklace; Zoidberg has hair, a suit, and different shoes; and Amy has different hair, an earring, a dress, a bracelet, and different boots."
Amy says: "I recognise this!"
Amy says: "I did a report on it for my drug-taking class."
A blond man walks up to Zoidberg.
Blond man says: "Hi."
Blond man says: "I'm Andy Warhol and you're some kind of..."
Blond man says: "Marvellous lobster man."
Zoidberg says: "Right on!"
Zoidberg says: "Say, you got any real soup or just this schlock?"
The plasma sphere appears in Zoidberg's chest, becomes larger, consuming Zoidberg whole, and disappears.
Andy Warhol says: "What a horrid bore."
[Cut to says: "The Hall of Presidents."
[Cut to says: "The music has stopped playing."
[Cut to says: "The plasma sphere appears, forms the figures of Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy, and disappears."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy are back to normal."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ooh."
Amy says: "Wha?"
Zoidberg says: "Far out!"
Zoidberg says: "That head gave me a total head trip!"
Zoidberg puts his left claw on his head.
Fry says: "Really?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna lick Herbert Hoover's head!"
Fry points at Herbert Hoover's head.
Zoidberg says: "Lick the head!"
Leela says: "Lick the head!"
Amy says: "Lick the head!"
Hermes says: "Lick the head!"
several heads says: "Lick the head!"
Zoidberg says: "Lick the head!"
Leela says: "Lick the head!"
Amy says: "Lick the head!"
Hermes says: "Lick the head!"
several heads says: "Lick the head!"
Fry licks Herbert Hoover's head and Bender puts it back on the shelf. The plasma sphere appears, becomes larger, consuming Leela, Hermes, Fry, and Bender whole, and disappears.
[Cut to says: "Bar."
[Cut to says: "A bartender and two customers are there."
[Cut to says: "The plasma sphere appears, forms the figures of Leela, Hermes, Fry, and Bender, and disappears."
[Cut to says: "Leela has different hair, a scarf, evening gloves, a dress, and high heels; Hermes and Fry have a hat, a tie, a different suit, and different shoes; and Bender has a hat and a bow tie."
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "A speakeasy."
Bender says: "One prohibited beverage, please."
The bartender turns to his right.
Bartender says: "Hey, Dutch."
Bartender says: "The new still is here."
The bartender puts a jug of draught beer on the counter.
Bender says: "I'm not a still!"
Bender says: "I just smell like one!"
A siren goes off. The camera pans over to the window, behind which a light is flashing. A car-drifting sound and a door-opening sound can be heard.
Male voice says: "Dutch Schultz, come out with your bootleg whisky."
Male voice says: "We're thirsty!"
Several shots are fired against the wall from the outside. Hermes, Fry, Bender, and Leela duck. Bender tries to reach for the jug on the counter, but it is shattered by another shot. Bender grunts. The plasma sphere appears, becomes larger, consuming Hermes, Fry, Bender, and Leela whole, and disappears.
[Cut to says: "The Hall of Presidents."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Dr."
[Cut to says: "Cahill can be seen."
[Cut to says: "The plasma sphere appears, forms the figures of Hermes, Bender, Fry, and Leela, and disappears."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy are back to normal."
Hermes says: "What the heck is goin' on?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Hermes says: "Jefferson, did you sell me some bad rope?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It must have something to do with the jar fluid."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Dr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Cahill, do I detect a trace of opal essence?"
Dr. Cahill says: "Very observant, Professor."
Dr. Cahill says: "To preserve the heads, we use a rare form of powdered crystalline opal."
Dr. Cahill says: "Yet it's so powerful, it should last a thousand years."
Dr. Cahill says: "It keeps the heads alive, but..."
Dr. Cahill says: "We don't know how."
Amy says: "Why did it give us those hallucinations?"
Professor Farnsworth turns to Amy and raises his left hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Because it didn't!"
Professor Farnsworth moves away from Amy.
Amy says: "Uh..."
Amy says: "Yuh-huh!"
Dr. Cahill is still holding the test tube. Professor Farnsworth is pointing at it.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Opal has unusual temporal properties."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Look!"
Zoidberg says: "Fuh!"
Zoidberg says: "Schlock and more schlock!"
The camera pans over to Bender. Bender's chest cabinet is opened by Dutch Schultz.
Dutch Schultz says: "Pssst!"
Dutch Schultz says: "Is the coast clear?"
Bender says: "Button your yap, you mug!"
Bender closes his chest cabinet.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I've discovered a new means of time travel!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'll call it the Farnsworth effect!"
George Washington's head spits in his jar's glass.
George Washington's head says: "Nice try."
George Washington's head says: "But even this discovery won't undo the treachery wrought by your nefarious ancestor David Farnsworth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It will if we go back in time and stop him!"
Professor Farnsworth takes the test tube from Dr. Cahill's left hand and pours the entire supply of powdered crystalline opal in George Washington's jar. Leela, Fry, Hermes, and Bender gasp. Professor Farnsworth removes George Washington's head from the shelf and licks it three times.
Leela says: "Professor, no!"
Leela says: "You can't tongue the father of our country!"
The plasma sphere appears, becomes larger, consuming Bender, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Fry whole, and disappears. George Washington's head falls on the floor.
[Cut to says: "Meadow."
[Cut to says: "The plasma sphere appears, forms the figures of Fry, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Bender, and disappears."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Professor Farnsworth, and Leela have hats, different hair, different clothes, and different shoes; and Bender has a hat and his antenna slicked back."
Fry says: "Where are we?"
Fry says: "Also, when are we?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "68th and Broadway, colonial era."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Rush hour."
Farnsworth, Fry, Bender, and Leela are seen walking down the street of Colonial era New York.
Professor Farnsworth says: "By my calculations, this head trip will last, at most, 24 hours."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We need to stop that monster, David Farnsworth!"
Just as they stop, Leela bends down.  Cut to a shot of a newspaper titled "WALL FOOTPATH JOURNAL", dated Monday, April 17th, 1775, with the headline "BEARS DRAG DOWN MARKET, MAUL 50", with a chart representing the headline.
Leela says: "Look at the date on this newspaper."
Leela says: "April 17th, 1775."
Farnsworth looks at the paper with Leela and adjusts his glasses.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Say, on this exact date, the Continental Congress was meeting secretly in New York."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Maybe they can help us."
Bender says: "But they could be meetin' anywhere!"
Bender says: "What are we gonna do?"
Bender says: "Search building to building?"
Cut to a wide shot of New York revealing there are only two buildings on the entire street.
Professor Farnsworth says: "We'll start with that one."
[Scene says: "Interior of the building."
[Scene says: "Thomas Jefferson is seated with a quill in his hand while several other founding fathers are standing around him."
Thomas Jefferson says: "Alexander Hamilton of New York, how say you?"
Alexander Hamilton says: "Nay."
Thomas Jefferson says: "John Hancock and John Adams of Massachusetts?"
John Adams says: "Yay."
John Hancock says: "Yay."
Several members of the Continental Congress get out their muskets. The door opens revealing Fry, Farnsworth, Bender and Leela.
John Adams says: "Ah, 'tis just our new Crockpot."
Bender says: "Watch it, Wiggy!"
Bender says: "I ain't no stinking crock!"
John Adams says: "We'll see about that in five hours."
Farnsworth and Fry enter the building, Leela is about to enter until she is stopped in her tracks by Hancock.
John Hancock says: "Halt!"
John Hancock says: "From whence commeth thou, one-eyed maiden!"
Leela says: "Uh, ever been to Peru?"
John Hancock says: "Certainly not!"
Leela says: "I'm from Peru."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Clam up, founding fathers!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "We need help locating the treacherous forger  who forged this forgery!"
The founding fathers gasp.
Thomas Jefferson says: "My word!"
Thomas Jefferson says: "If these enter circulation, our economy will be destroyed!"
Thomas Jefferson says: "And with it, our chance at independence!"
Alexander Hamilton says: "Only one man in the colonies has a printing press fine enough to make these."
Alexander Hamilton says: "Our good friend, Ben Franklin."
Leela says: "Uh-oh."
Leela says: "Isn't Franklin in Philadelphia?"
Thomas Jefferson says: "When he's not in Charlotte, or Maribel, or Louisa!"
The other founding fathers laugh at this obvious innuendo, but Fry just stares blankly.
Fry says: "I don't get it."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm sure no one's ever said this before, but I must get to Philadelphia as quickly as possible!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of a deserted street."
[Scene says: "Fry, Farnsworth, Bender and Leela are riding a very slow horse-drawn cart."
[Scene says: "They observe that even a colonial man pulling a boy riding a wooden horse is faster than them."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Why couldn't my disgraced ancestor have lived in the NASCAR era?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
[Scene says: "Overhead exterior shot of the streets of Philadelphia."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Fry, Bender and Leela stop their cart outside of a building with a sign that says "BEN FRANKLIN'S PRINT SHOP"."
[Scene says: "In front of the building is a sign that says "The New J's Are Here!"
[Scene says: ""."
[Scene says: "Interior of the print shop."
[Scene says: "A woman opens the door and finds the crew outside."
Woman says: "Dr."
Woman says: "Franklin, your new steam engine is here."
Bender says: "I ain't no stinkin' steam engine!"
Bender says: "Chicken's ready."
Benjamin Franklin says: "You may go, Louisa."
Fry says: "Now I get it!"
[Cut to says: "A few minutes later."
[Cut to says: "Leela is seated and Farnsworth is standing by a stove."
[Cut to says: "Franklin is tinkering with his new "steam engine", while Fry stands behind the table."
[Cut to says: "Bender starts vibrating."
Benjamin Franklin says: "Fascinating."
Benjamin Franklin says: "Be you man or machine?"
Bender says: "Mostly machine."
Bender says: "Might be a couple dead cats in there."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Dr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Franklin, with all due respect to the brilliant inventor of the..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "this!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "But no!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "This is a fake!"
Fry says: "Duh!"
Fry says: "It says  "Colony of Maffachufetts"!"
Bender says: "More like "Taxachufetts"!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "That's just how we print S's, you "ƒtupid ƒhitheads"!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "Someone must've used my press while I was poking around in Charlotte."
Benjamin Franklin says: "Let's ask my apprentice, David Farnsworth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Farnsworth?!!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "That's him!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Arm yourselves!"
Cut to a shot of a badger tied to a wooden club, who growls.  Cut to a wide shot of a door under a staircase where Franklin is holding the club alongside Farnsworth, holding a candle, Fry, Bender, and Leela.
Benjamin Franklin says: "I call it "the Franklinator"."
Franklin opens the door, gasps and drops his Franklinator, which scurries away knocking over a table carrying a vase, which breaks.
Cut back to the room under the staircase, which is empty, save for a chair with a hole in it.
Benjamin Franklin says: "The apprentice's suite is empty!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "He's gone!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "What's that glistening in the chamber pot?"
Bender says: "Let's find out."
Bender bends down and puts his hand in the chamber pot.
Leela says: "Bender, do you know what a chamber pot is?"
Bender says: "I don't know and I don't care!"
Bender takes a coin out of the pot and gives it to Franklin who handles it with a white cloth and shows it to Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "A Massachusetts hapenny?"
Bender says: "Probably fake, too."
Bender says: "There's one way to find out."
Bender says: "What?"
Fry says: "Bender bent a poo penny!"
Fry says: "Bender bent a poo penny!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "Look!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "'Tis but worthless tin!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Where could Farnsworth have minted such a high quality fake?"
Benjamin Franklin says: "Not here."
Benjamin Franklin says: "But, you know, I have a friend in Boston who's an expert silversmith."
Benjamin Franklin says: "They could be connected."
Benjamin Franklin says: "There's only like forty people who do anything around here."
Professor Farnsworth says: "But Boston's 300 miles away and Bender kicked our horse to death!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "We'll never get there in time!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Unless you have another "invention" up your sleeve!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Foh!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "Hmmm..."
[Scene says: "Exterior of Philadelphia, night."
[Scene says: "There is a lightning storm in the air."
[Scene says: "A kite with a key is being flown."
[Scene says: "The camera pulls back to reveal Franklin is flying it with Bender under the string while the others watch behind two barrels."
[Scene says: "Franklin ties the kite to Bender's antenna."
Bender says: "How's this going to get us to Boston?"
Lightning strikes the key attached to the kite and shocks Bender.
[Cut to says: "On the street, Bender is tied to the cart running, with Fry at the front and the others, now joined by Franklin, in the back seat."
Bender says: "Stupid Franklin—"
[Scene says: "The streets of Boston."
[Scene says: "A sign says "Welcome to Boston", a sign below it says, "BIG DIG GROUNDBREAKING TOMORROW"."
[Scene says: "The Bender-drawn cart whizzes right past the sign."
[Scene says: "Exterior of another building."
[Scene says: "The sign above this one says "PAUL REVERE, SILVERSMITH: We Smelt It & Dealt It"."
[Scene says: "The Bender-drawn cart stops outside the building."
The door of the building opens to reveal Franklin, his hair all frizzied and covered with leaves, Bender, and Leela outside. The man answering is Paul Revere himself.
Paul Revere says: "Ah, that scrap metal I ordered is here."
Bender says: "I'm 40% scrap metal."
Paul Revere says: "Well, Ben Franklin,  Whatta you looking at, you British bastards?!"
Paul Revere says: "!"
Paul Revere says: "?!"
Paul Revere says: "!"
Paul Revere says: "?!"
Paul Revere says: "!"
Benjamin Franklin says: "Paul, we talked about this."
[Scene says: "Interior of Revere's house, Franklin closes the curtains."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Mr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Revere, we're looking for a counterfeiter who minted  these smelly hapennies."
Professor Farnsworth says: "His name is David Farnsworth."
Paul Revere says: "Farnsworth?"
Paul Revere says: "I just hired him for the fall candlestick rush."
Paul Revere says: "He's in the foundry this very moment!"
Fry, Bender and Leela gasp as the camera zooms in to the Foundry building seen outside the window behind them.
Benjamin Franklin says: "Everybody take a Franklinator."
Everyone takes a Franklinator with a badger on it, except for Bender whose Franklinator is a shark. Fry takes his out.
Fry says: "Aw, I gotta chipmunk."
[Scene says: "Outside the silversmith building."
[Scene says: "Shot of the full moon."
[Scene says: "Pan down to Revere, Franklin, Farnsworth and the others, each with a Franklinator and with pots and pans on their heads."
[Scene says: "Interior of the foundry."
Leela says: "Hee-ya!"
Cut to a man dropping many counterfeits who looks similar to Farnsworth but with different glasses, bad teeth, and red hair.
Professor Farnsoworth says: "David Farnsworth, I presume?"
David Farnsworth says: "I'm David Farnsworth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fuff!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're a disgrace to the very name Fowvwuh!"
David Farnsworth produces a strange looking hammer.
Fry says: "Look out!"
Fry says: "He's got a bezeling planisher!"
David Farnsworth says: "'At's right!"
David Farnsworth says: "'Oo wonts ta be bezel'd?!"
David Farnsworth says: "!"
Leela takes the planisher from David Farnsworth and punches him, he flies backwards splitting the table with the counterfeits in half. David Farnsworth throws counterfeits at Leela and punches back. Leela kicks him. Meanwhile, Revere, carrying a cannonball, turns Bender around and puts the cannonball in his chest cabinet and bends him down.
Bender says: "You idiot, I'm not a cannon!"
Revere lights Bender's antenna, which causes the cannonball to fire out of Bender's shiny metal ass and crushes the wall behind where Leela and David Farnsworth are fighting.
Bender says: "Oh, I guess I am a cannon."
David Farnsworth moans holding his head.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Time to prune the family tree!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Huzzah!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I've saved the Farnsworth name!"
A man approaches Revere through the broken wall.
Man says: "An urgent message for Mr."
Man says: "Revere!"
The man hands Revere a letter with his name on it. Revere opens it and begins reading it out loud. Bender, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, and Benjamin Franklin are listening.
Paul Revere says: "Mr."
Paul Revere says: "Revere, pray, do not 'ƒhit' your pants."
Paul Revere says: "The British attack has begun."
Paul Revere says: "Cross the river and watch for my signal."
Paul Revere says: "I must ride."
Revere leaves the building, panting, and a horse is heard neighing from outside.
Leela says: "He has so much stuff."
Leela says: "He won't miss this."
[Scene says: "Backyard."
[Scene says: "Bender and Franklin are putting together a pile of counterfeits."
[Scene says: "Bender takes some from his chest cabinet and Franklin takes others from a box on the floor."
[Scene says: "Leela is steering a cart with more conterfeits."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let's burn these counterfeits and paddle the next swan boat the hell out of Boston."
Leela and the Professor throw their counterfeits into the pile.
Fry says: "Here you go."
Fry hands the Professor a lantern.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Thanks."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Say, where did you get that lantern?"
Fry says: "From that old church to the north."
Fry says: "They had two burning, so I figured they wouldn't miss one."
[Cut to says: "Revere riding a horse."
Paul Revere says: "One if by land."
Paul Revere says: "Two if by sea."
Paul Revere says: "Gotta treat this OCD."
Paul Revere says: "Gotta treat this OCD."
Revere passes by the river where it is revealed that the British is actually attacking by sea.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fry, you dope!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You've really screwed the granny this time!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "History needed that second lantern!"
Leela says: "We better stop Paul Revere before—"
Too late, as a flash of light appears carrying the crew back to their own time.
[Scene says: "The Head Museum."
[Scene says: "The crew arrives wearing British attire."
Leela says: "I guess everything worked out jolly oll right, eh, guv'nor?"
Bender says: "Wot's with th' fruity accent, ducky?"
Bender says: "Bollocks!"
Bender says: "Ah've got it, too!"
Fry says: "Where's all th' Presidents' heads, then?"
Cut to a wide shot of the Hall of Presidents, now the 'all of Nobility, with many British flags hanging below the ceiling.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Quite."
[Scene says: "Wide shot of the now British-ruled New New York as "Rule Britannia" plays in the background."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the city to reveal such British characteristics as a British subway sign, a Harrods Fifth Avenue, and a double decker bus, which drops off the Fourth Doctor from Doctor Who, who runs into a British telephone booth."
[Scene says: "The camera pans right to reveal the British ruled Planet Express building, now with a chimney smoking in the back."
[Scene says: "Interior of the Planet Express building, close up on a banner with the logo, which now says, "Planet Express Ltd."
[Scene says: ": A Despatch Concern."
[Scene says: "Cut to the meeting room, where Hermes is seated at the conference table."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Leela, Fry and Bender enter."
Hermes says: "Where 'ave you blokes been?"
Hermes says: "You nearly missed elevenses."
Amy says: "Who's for tea and shmavories?"
Bender says: "Wot in bloody 'ell's goin' on aroun' 'ere ah says?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wot's become of the dear old USA?"
Amy says: "Beg pardon?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Revolution?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "1776 and wot all?"
Hermes says: "Oh, the Colonial Desktop."
Hermes says: "Well, there's nuthin' we Brits enjoy more dan a good document'ry."
Hermes says: "Turn on the televiser, Dr."
Hermes says: "Zoidsmythe."
Zoidberg, now Zoidsmythe, enters wearing a bowler, monocle and suit, carrying an umbrella and doing John Cleese' silly walk from Monty Python's Flying Circus.
Zoidsmythe says: "I'll dial up the Beeb."
Zoidsmythe says: "They've always got a nice doccy-woccy on."
Narrator says: "The Vanquished Pride of the Yankees,  all thanks to a nutter known as "Wrong Way Revere"."
A Gilliam-style Revere enters the scene on a horse.
Animated Revere says: "The British are coming, by land, by land!"
Animated Revere says: "Heh heh heh heh!"
[Cut to says: "A crude reenactment of the British attack with a cardboard sea and the British wearing cardboard canoes."
Narrator says: "But we came by sea, we did."
Narrator says: "Surprised the Yanks at Lexington ending the Rebellion with narry a kipper scuffed."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express, Ltd."
[Cut to says: "conference room."
[Cut to says: "Amy is now carrying a tray of fish."
Amy says: "Scuffed kippers, anyone?"
Zoidsmythe says: "Right kind of you, mum."
[Cut to says: "The documentary."
[Cut to says: "John Hancock is signing his name poorly to the Declaration of Dependence due to his arm being in a cast."
Narrator says: "The humiliated conspirators were forced to sign the Declaration of Dependence, proclaiming British rule forever."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, criminy!"
Cut to a portrait of David Farnsworth, now in royal garments.
Narrator says: "In gratitude, King George named Farnsworth a duke and granted his family massive land holdings in the colonies."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express, Ltd."
[Cut to says: "conference room."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Blimey."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I've never felt so ashamed to be a Farnsworth."
Scruffy says: "Will m'lord be returning to his massive land holdings for luncheon?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Huh-woh?"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of a gated entrance."
[Scene says: "The sign on the gate says, "Farnsworthingshire"."
[Scene says: "The gates open and the camera zooms in to reveal a rich mansion in the country."
[Scene says: "Interior of the mansion."
[Scene says: "Leela, with a British attired Nibbler, Amy and Farnsworth are seated by a fireside."
[Scene says: "Fry is standing near it."
Leela says: "I know we're ladies-in-waiting but what are we waiting for?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "How should I know?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Just shut up and wait!"
Bender says: "bot me teeth still loo' like this?"
Fry says: "Con't we just go back in time an' set things roight again?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Don't want to."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Rather nice living under the crown and so forth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wot's more, couldn't go back even if we wonted to."
Professor Farnsworth says: "No more crystalline opal left in all the world, don't you know."
A door opens and Scruffy enters the room.
Scruffy says: "M'lord, the Queen is here for 'er, eh, weekly, irrrrr, visit."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Queen?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Sounds most satisfactory."
Professor Farnsworth says: "All of you out!"
Bender says: "Right, then."
Bender says: "Let's go play some quoits..."
Bender says: "wotever that is."
Buglers are now outside the door announcing the Queen's entrance. A squire rolls out the red carpet.
Squire says: "Presenting the Queen of England, America, and two parking spaces in Tokyo."
The Queen enters, and she is rather hideous.
Queen says: "Where's me consort at?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "C-C-Consort?"
The Queen pounces on Farnsworth.
Queen says: "That's right, luv."
Queen says: "Fer cent'ries, a Farnsworth gentleman 'as provided service to the Queen."
Queen says: "Now close yer eyes an' think of England!"
As she puckers up, Farnsworth notices her crown, which has a blue jewel.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ah say, what's that in your crown?"
Queen says: "You mean Andamooka Opal?"
Queen says: "Why, it's th' most precious gem in all th'—"
[Scene says: "Exterior of the mansion."
[Scene says: "Bender gets a ringer."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Three rubbers on the hob!"
Farnsworth runs out of the mansion carrying the Queen's crown. The Queen leans out of a window.
Queen says: "Stop him!"
Queen says: "He crowned me in th' knickers an' nicked me crown!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Head Museum, now the 'ead Museum."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry, Farnsworth and Bender run up the stairs followed by Smitty and URL, dressed as British bobbies."
Smitty says: "Freeze or we'll be forced to continue chasing you since we don't carry guns!"
URL says: "Indubitably."
[Scene says: "Interior, the 'all of Nobility."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and the others burst into the room with the crown."
Leela says: "We've got to go back in toime an' set things straight!"
Leela says: "'Urry up an' lick Washin'ton's 'ead again!"
Bender says: "We can't!"
Bender says: "There's no George Washington nor any other Presidents."
Fry says: "Wot about this bloke?"
Fry says: "'e's from Revolutionary times."
Camera zooms out to reveal that Fry is pointing to the head of David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Farnsworth!"
David Farsnworth's head says: "Hey!"
David Farsnworth's head says: "Yer the plaunkers wot candlesticked me!"
David Farsnworth's head says: "Well, ah showed you!"
David Farsnworth's head says: "Ah killed George Washin'ton an' now I'm married to one of the Spice Girls!"
David Farsnworth's head says: "Don't rightly know which one."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Bender, fetch me that powdered opal!"
Bender takes the gem out of the crown, drops it on the floor and stomps on it with his footcup.  Farnsworth sweeps it up and pours it into David Farnsworth's head's jar.
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's time to restore dignity to the Farnsworth name!"
He licks David Farnsworth's head, who is naturally disgusted at this act. Farnsworth and the others disappear as they go back in time. A few seconds later, they return wearing their normal clothes with everything back to normal.
Fry says: "There."
Fry says: "That time, I left both lanterns in place."
Professor Farnsworth says: "And I hit Farnsworth much, much harder."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, perhaps too hard."
Leela says: "Look!"
Leela says: "All the Presidents are back!"
Leela says: "Even John Tyler!"
John Tyler's head says: "That's the first time anyone's spoken to me in twelve-hundred years."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes, from Chester A."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Arthur to Chester Z."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Arthur, they're all here."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Our republic and the Farnsworth family name are saved."
Professor Farnsworth says: "And no one will ever know."
The camera pans up to the ceiling flags.  Where the "Don't Tread on Me" snake flag was is now a flag with Bender holding a cigar and pointing to his rear end with the caption "Bite my fhiny metal aff" on it. Bender walks past it and laughs.