[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Secreted by the Comedy Bee."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table for Hermes' morning meeting."
[Scene says: "Nibbler licks himself in the middle of the table."
Hermes says: "People, we got a problem: Little Nibbler's been coughing up hairballs."
Leela says: "Well, so has Fry."
Leela says: "What's the big deal?"
Nibbler coughs up a huge one. In amongst the green gloop is a white cane. Fry whistles with impression.
Fry says: "He's got me beat!"
Hermes says: "Now we all love Nibbler, so it's only fair that we all pitch in and clean it up together."
Hermes says: "Still, I propose we make Zoidberg do it."
Hermes says: "All in favour?"
Everyone except Zoidberg raises their hand.
Leela says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Alright, yup."
Hermes says: "All opposed?"
Hermes says: "All abstaining?"
Again no one votes. Leela taps Zoidberg on the shoulder.
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg?"
Leela says: "Are you OK?"
He keels over and rests on Fry's shoulder. Fry looks at him.
Fry says: "He's dead."
Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "What?"
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Farnsworth says: "He always seemed so full of life; laughing, singing, begging for scraps."
Farnsworth says: "And now this."
He takes off his glasses and cries. The door opens and Zoidberg walks in wearing a towel. But his body is white-pink and is wobbling around like lobster jelly.
Zoidberg says: "Why with all the crying?"
Zoidberg says: "So that's where I left my shell."
He wobbles over to the table. Leela picks up the shell.
Leela says: "I didn't know you could take this thing off."
Zoidberg says: "It was starting to get a little cramped in there so I molted, why not?"
Zoidberg says: "Ah, the fresh air feels good!"
He wobbles around.
Farnsworth says: "Stop doing that!"
Zoidberg tucks his shell under his arm.
Zoidberg says: "So long."
Zoidberg says: "I'm off to toss this old shell in the dumpster and maybe pick up those potato chips Amy didn't finish yesterday."
Amy says: "Those were toenail clippings."
Zoidberg says: "A feast is a feast."
He turns around and leaves. His shell has a large hole down the back of it. As he walks out his towel falls off. The sound of a phone ringing comes from the lounge.
Amy says: "Hey, that's my cellphone!"
She runs off.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Amy runs in and picks her tiny cellphone up off the huge CellMate."
[Cut to says: "She answers."
Amy says: "Hello?"
Amy says: "Hello?"
Amy says: "Hello?"
The caller hangs up and she curses. Leela walks in.
Leela says: "What's wrong?"
Leela says: "Did you swallow your phone again?"
She sits down.
Amy says: "Some guy's been calling and hanging up 10 times a day for a year."
Leela says: "Men who call too much are the worst..."
Leela says: "I bet."
Amy says: "I just wish a decent guy would call me instead of this spleeze-ball who has me too terrified to even answer the phone."
Amy says: "Hello?"
The same heavy breathing comes from the other end.
[Scene says: "Kif's Quarters."
[Scene says: "On the Nimbus, Kif sits on his bed holding the phone and trembling."
[Scene says: "He tries to say something but just gasps and stutters."
Amy says: "Hello?"
Amy says: "Is anyone there?"
Kif hangs up.
Kif says: "I love you."
Kif says: "Why must I be such a coward?"
He cries. Enter Zapp.
Zapp says: "Kif, I'm headed to the men's room and I'll be needing an attendant, so-- Oh, I'm sorry."
Zapp says: "You're crying like a woman."
Zapp says: "It's alright."
Zapp says: "I've always thought myself as a father figure to some of my more pathetic men."
Zapp says: "Kif, old friend, let's rap."
He sits on Kif's bed. Kif sighs.
Zapp bursts out laughing and pats Kif on the back.
Zapp says: "Go on."
Kif says: "I met her a year ago..."
Flashback. The Titanic escape pod flies away from the doomed ship.
Kif says: "..."
Kif says: "when we were escaping from that cruise ship you piloted directly into a black hole."
Amy and Kif watch from the escape pod as the Titanic is sucked into the black hole.
Zapp says: "Yes!"
Zapp says: "It was in all the papers."
Back on Earth the escape pod has landed outside the Planet Express building. Bender dumps the Countess de la Roca's fake bracelet in a bin and walks into the building with the other staff. Amy kisses Kif and gives him her number.
Amy says: "Call me."
Kif takes the paper and she goes inside. He trembles and gasps and breathes heavily some more.
Flashback ends. Zapp goes along with the story.
Zapp says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh."
Zapp says: "Mm-hmm, uh-huh."
Kif says: "I've finished talking, sir."
Zapp sees something on Kif's wall.
Zapp says: "Belay that remark!"
Zapp says: "Your Amy knows my Leela?"
Zapp says: "I have formed an idea!"
[Scene says: "Nimbus Bridge."
[Scene says: "Leela is on the viewscreen, Zapp is in his chair and Kif hides behind it."
[Scene says: "Amy walks in behind Leela."
Zapp says: "I'm calling to negotiate a double date."
Zapp says: "You and me, Kif and Amy."
Leela says: "Forget it."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "She turns away from the screen."
Zapp says: "Then let the negotiations begin."
Zapp says: "I propose we go out on 10 dates."
Leela says: "How about zero?"
Zapp says: "Nine."
Leela says: "Zero."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
Zapp says: "Seven."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Leela says: "Zero."
Zapp says: "Eight?"
Amy leans down at Leela's side.
Amy says: "Please, Leela?"
Amy says: "Kif's like the sweetest guy who's ever liked me."
Zapp says: "Five, and that's my final offer..."
Zapp says: "four."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "One."
Zapp says: "Two."
Leela says: "One half."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
Zapp says: "I'll take it."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Zapp says: "We'll meet you tonight for part of dinner and the first half of a movie."
He hangs up and Amy grins.
[Scene says: "Le Palm D'Orbit Coat Check."
[Scene says: "Le Palm D'Orbit is a restaurant orbiting a big, green planet."
[Scene says: "The main part of the restaurant looks like the Encounter Restaurant at Los Angeles airport."
[Scene says: "A centipede-like alien leaves his coat at the coat check which charges a 25 cent surcharge for every sleeve over nine."
[Scene says: "Zapp walks in wearing his formal off-white DOOP uniform."
[Scene says: "Kif wears a tie and jacket over his regular velour uniform and carries some flowers and a box of chocolates."
Kif says: "Um, sir?"
Kif says: "I don't go out on many dates and, um, what if I can't think of anything to say?"
Zapp says: "Here's my personal book of pickup lines."
Zapp says: "Say as many of them as you can as fast as you can."
Zapp says: "Don't stop for any reason."
Kif says: "Maybe I'll just give her these flowers."
Zapp takes them and hits Kif with them.
Zapp says: "Wrong, wrong, wrong!"
Zapp says: "And what's that?"
Zapp says: "Candy?"
Zapp says: "Candy's for dorks!"
Zapp says: "Give me that."
Zapp says: "Mmm!"
[Scene says: "Le Palm D'Orbit."
[Scene says: "The restaurant pilot is also the maitre d'."
[Scene says: "He takes his hands off the wheel to hand some people a menu."
[Scene says: "Amy and Leela are already at the table."
[Scene says: "Amy wears a light blue dress and Leela wears her black jacket."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Kif arrive."
Zapp says: "Hello, beautiful."
Zapp says: "I got these for you."
He hands her Kif's flowers and sits down.
Leela says: "Thanks."
She sets fire to them and puts them in Zapp's glass of water.
Zapp says: "Well, well."
Zapp says: "This looks to be one disturbingly erotic date."
Leela says: "Half-date."
Zapp says: "Waiter, bring us a bottle of wine."
Leela says: "Half-bottle."
Zapp says: "And some oysters on the half-shell."
Leela says: "Quarter-shell."
Zapp puts his hand over Kif's mouth.
Zapp says: "Kif's not hungry."
Zapp says: "I'd like two steaks and the ladies will have some very sensual salads -- with low-cal sensual dressing."
Amy smiles at Kif and he giggles.
Time Lapse. It's Karaoke Night at the restaurant and Morbo sings Lipps Inc's Funkytown.
Oh, won't you take me to funkytown.
The song ends and the audience applauds.
At the table the meals have arrived.
Amy says: "Kif, you're so quiet."
Amy says: "You haven't said a word all night."
Kif says: "Well, um, um..."
Kif says: "hello."
Amy says: "'Cause I was really hoping we could talk and stuff."
Kif stutters and gasps then drinks a glass of wine and takes out Zapp's book. Zapp smirks and picks his teeth with a toothpick.
Kif says: "Amy,  if I said you had a beautiful body would you take your pants off and dance around a little?"
Amy says: "What?"
Leela says: "Lieutenant Kroker!"
Zapp winks at Kif and gives a thumbs up. Kif gasps and reads some more.
Amy says: "Kif!"
Kif says: "Oh, my!"
Leela stands up.
Leela says: "This half-date is entirely over."
Leela says: "Amy?"
Leela says: "Conference!"
They walk away and Kif groans.
Kif says: "Is there nothing we can do, sir?"
Zapp says: "There's only one sure-fire way back into a woman's heart and parts beyond."
Zapp says: "I speak, of course, of karaoke."
Kif says: "My years in the DOOP Boys' Chorus will not have been in vain!"
[Cut to says: "Le Palm D'Orbit Women's Room."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Amy apply lipstick with a handy device that doesn't touch their lips."
Leela says: "Alright, enough lipstick."
Leela says: "Let's storm out."
[Cut to says: "Le Palm D'Orbit."
[Cut to says: "They walk out of the women's room and notice Kif starting to sing Bonnie Tyler's Total Eclipse Of The Heart."
But now I'm only falling apart...
Amy says: "Oh, that's so emotional!"
A total eclipse of the heart--.
Zapp walks onto the stage and pushes Kif aside. Kif drops the mic and Zapp catches it and spins it around.
Zapp says: "Amateur hour's over."
Zapp says: "Let me show you why they call me "The Velour Fog"!"
Zapp says: "Hit it!"
The jukebox changes to some different music. Zapp smokes a cigarette and starts singing The Kinks' Lola.
Where you drink champagne and it tastes just like Coca-Cola,.
C-O-L-A ... Cola.
Man says: "Aw, give us a break!"
Woman says: "Get off!"
Chef says: "He sickens me!"
I asked her her name and in a dark brown voice she said,.
L-E-E-L-A, Leela!
Lee-Lee-Lee-Lee-Leela!
Ba-ba-ba-dum-ba-dum-bum!
People get out of their seats and run around screaming.
Leela!
His long note breaks glass and a man presses a button for the emergency escape pods. People spill into them.
[Cut to says: "Outside Le Palm D'Orbit."
[Cut to says: "The escape pods eject and fly off into space."
[Cut to says: "Le Palm D'Orbit."
[Cut to says: "Zapp finishes singing."
[Cut to says: "The restaurant is deserted."
Leela says: "We're going home."
Leela says: "Call us a space taxi."
Zapp says: "No need."
Zapp says: "There's not a restaurant built I can't fly."
Zapp says: "Where to, ladies?"
Kif says: "Please, sir."
Zapp presses buttons on the steering controls.
Zapp says: "Let's see what this eatery can do."
[Cut to says: "Outside Le Palm D'Orbit."
[Cut to says: "The headlights and indicators flash, the windscreen wipers swish back and forth and windows open and close."
[Cut to says: "The restaurant blasts forwards and knocks a few ships away from the car park."
[Cut to says: "Le Palm D'Orbit."
Zapp says: "Ah, she's built like a steakhouse, but she handles like a bistro."
Zapp says: "She's out of control!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Le Palm D'Orbit."
Zapp says: "You win again, gravity!"
Everyone screams as the restaurant tumbles towards the green planet.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The next day, Fry, Bender and Hermes sit watching TV."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg walks in still without a shell and carrying a purple J."
[Scene says: "Crab catalogue."
Zoidberg says: "Look what arrived: My new shell catalogue."
Zoidberg says: "So let's try some on, already!"
Zoidberg says: "Ah!"
Zoidberg says: "Muy macho!"
Zoidberg says: "Hey, gringos, here comes El Zoido to ruin your drinking water!"
He points his claws at them like guns and imitates gunfire.
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Bender says: "I'm Mexican and I find that offensive."
He opens his chest cabinet. "Hecho En Mexico" is etched on the inside of his door. He closes it and it falls off.
Zoidberg says: "You Latins are so hot-blooded!"
Zoidberg says: "This one's like a summer guy!"
He turns around revealing his lobster ass.
Hermes says: "Look, you fat fish, the Planet Express health plan only covers one kind of replacement shell."
He changes the shell to a simple white shell with a barcode and "Shell" printed on it. Zoidberg groans and Hermes closes the catalogue. Zoidberg wobbles out towards the meeting room.
Fry says: "I can't believe Leela and Amy aren't back yet from their half-date."
Fry says: "I'm gonna call the restaurant."
He picks up the phone and dials Le Palm D'Orbit. The dial tone changes to the "unavailable" beeps.
Operator says: "The number you have dialled has crashed into a planet."
Operator says: "Please make a note of it."
Fry and Bender gasp. Fry gets up.
Fry says: "We gotta go rescue them!"
Bender says: "Eh, I don't know."
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "Think of the señoritas!"
Bender leaps up.
Bender says: "Vámonos!"
[Scene says: "Planet Surface."
[Scene says: "Kif, Amy, Zapp and Leela sit amid the burning wreckage of Le Palm D'Orbit."
Amy says: "It's always a line with you!"
Leela says: "What planet is this anyway?"
Zapp says: "This whole sector is uncharted."
Kif says: "It is not uncharted, you lost the chart!"
Zapp says: "Well, nothing to do now but repopulate the human race."
Zapp says: "And maybe you."
Crashing sounds come from the woods around them and the ground starts to shake.
Amy says: "What is it?"
[She looks at the water in her cup which ripples like the glass of water in Jurassic Park. Leela watches a puddle ripple says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
it gives the impression that she has two eyes. Zapp's gut jiggles. They all tremble says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
hide behind a piece of wreckage. Growling comes from the woods says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
a huge foot stomps on the group's campfire. The foot belongs to a huge woman -- an Amazonian. Her name is Kug says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
she has a blue hairdo says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
wears very little. Two others are with her says: "Ornik, with dreads, and Thog, a blonde."
Kug says: "Me hear people, but me not see people."
Thog says: "No big deal."
Thog says: "Everybody make mistake."
They turn to leave. Leela gestures for Amy and Kif to keep quiet. Zapp peers over the top of the wreckage with a big grin on his face. He turns on the charm.
Zapp says: "Well, hello!"
Zapp says: "I usually don't say this but you are the most beautiful trio of gigantic ladies I've ever laid eyes on."
Kug grabs him by the head and drags him away. Ornik drags Kif by his feet and Tonk carries Amy and Leela over her shoulders.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies erratically towards Amazonia."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender runs around panicking while Fry steers wildly and presses random buttons."
[Cut to says: "Alarms wail."
[Cut to says: "Amazonia Surface."
[Cut to says: "The ship flies towards the smoking wreckage of Le Palm D'Orbit and smacks down onto the ground, the landing gear lowering just a little too late."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Bender run down the steps and see the wreckage."
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "Any sign of Leela or Amy?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "But what do you make of this?"
He picks up a giant hairclip.
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "But it might have something to do with this."
He holds up a huge can of Tab.
Time Lapse. Bender peers through some huge grass blades and gasps.
Bender says: "Oh, your God!"
Fry looks through the grass. In front of them several Amazonians have gathered. Kug, Thog and Ornik lead Amy, Leela, Zapp and Kif into a ring at the front of the crowd. Around them is an Amazonian city, with buildings made of wood and straw.
Kug says: "Move!"
Kug says: "Go!"
Something grunts.
Bender says: "What kind of moronic plan is that?"
Bender says: "Wow!"
The Amazonian hits them with her club.
Time Lapse. Fry and Bender are in chains with Zapp and Kif. Leela and Amy are freed.
Thog says: "Women go free."
Thog says: "Men stay in chains."
Ornik says: "We take them to our leader."
Ornik says: "She know what do."
Fry says: "Pft."
Fry says: "A female leader?"
Leela says: "Fry, shut up."
Fry says: "Yes, Captain!"
[Scene says: "Amazonian City."
[Scene says: "The Amazonians lead Leela, Amy and the prisoners past the buildings."
Thog says: "This capital city planet Amazonia."
Leela says: "Where are all the men in your society?"
Ornik says: "Men die out many year ago."
Bender says: "With all these women around they were probably nagged to death."
Bender says: "Are you with me, fellas?"
He, Zapp and Fry laugh. The women glare at them and they suddenly stop laughing.
[Scene says: "Outside Basketball Pitch."
[Scene says: "The group watch a woman bounce a basketball."
Thog says: "Here stadium, where our women basketball teams play."
Kug says: "We no can dunk, but good fundamentals."
Ornik says: "That more fun to watch."
Zapp, Fry and Bender laugh.
Zapp says: "Ow!"
Zapp says: "God, you're killing me!"
[Scene says: "Outside The Drollery Domicile."
Thog says: "This our comedy club."
Thog says: "Humour here funny in different way."
Ornik says: "It not reinforce stereotypes."
Kug says: "Comedy come from character, real situations."
Kug says: "Not abstract craziness."
Bender says: "Translation: Boring!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Amy says: "This women-only planet is sounding better and better."
Leela says: "I'm already looking for apartments."
She looks through a free "Westside Cave Rentals" brochure.
[Scene says: "Outside Femputer Temple."
[Scene says: "The stone temple has a woman's face carved into it and smoking boobies."
Thog says: "Here live vengeful, all-knowing leader."
Thog says: "She decide men's fate."
Fry says: "Is she hot?"
Thog says: "That not important."
Thog says: "She all-knowing."
Fry says: "In other words, "No"."
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Femputer Temple."
[Scene says: "Leela, Amy and the Amazonians and their prisoners walk into the dimly-lit building."
[Scene says: "Amazonians stand around the room."
[Scene says: "Three Amazonians bow before a wall and the wall turns around revealing a huge piece of technology with dials and flickering lights."
Thog says: "All hail Femputer."
Kug says: "and   All hail Femputer."
Amy says: "You all obey a big computer?"
Kug says: "Yes."
Kug says: "It appear mysteriously just about time men die out."
Leela says: "So why did you make it your leader?"
Ornik says: "It seemed like different kind of politician."
Kug says: "Not beltway insider."
Thog holds something up to the Femputer.
Thog says: "Femputer, we bring offering of bath beads and scented soaps."
Femputer says: "Your gift pleases Femputer."
Femputer says: "Femputer demands to know why there are men on her planet."
Fry says: "It was an accident, ma'am."
Femputer says: "That does not fempute."
Femputer says: "Femputer will return after deciding your punishment."
She spins around out of sight.
Time Lapse. Kif, Zapp, Fry and Bender are shackled to the wall.
Fry says: "Leela, I'm through making fun of women."
Fry says: "Now I want them to help me."
Amy says: "Should we do something?"
Ornik chokes Fry with a strap.
Leela says: "There's no hurry."
Kug tightens the strap around Zapp's neck.
Zapp says: "Yes!"
Zapp says: "A little tighter."
Zapp says: "Too hard!"
She turns to Amy and Leela.
Kug says: "Men strange."
Kug says: "You have them on your planet?"
Leela says: "I'm afraid so."
Kug says: "What they for?"
Kug says: "Oh, you mean "snu-snu"."
The other Amazonians murmur.
Thog says: "We hear tell men used for snu-snu."
Thog says: "But all we have go on are ancient legend and subscription to Cosmo."
Zapp says: "Just FYI, I could be used for snu-snu."
Thog says: "Silence."
Thog says: "You want die like last men visit Amazonia?"
Fry says: "What'd they die of?"
Kug says: "Crushed pelvises."
In the corner some happy little skeletons lie against the wall with broken pelvises, one still holding a cigarette.
Fry says: "Yes!"
Zapp says: "Oh, thank you, Lord in heaven!"
The Femputer returns.
Femputer says: "After lengthy femputations, I, Femputer, have decided the fate of the men."
Femputer says: "Femputer sentences them to death."
Femputer says: "By snu-snu!"
Fry says: "Yay!"
Zapp says: "What are you, gay?"
Femputer says: "Death to the men."
Femputer says: "Death by snu-snu."
The prisoners whimper.
Fry says: "Although the snu-snu part's gonna be pretty good."
Zapp says: "Baby, it'll blow your mind."
Leela says: "Femputer, be reasonable."
Leela says: "Sure men are annoying and they wreck up whatever planet they're in charge of, but most of these men are sorta my friends."
Leela says: "They don't deserve to die."
Femputer says: "Hmm."
Femputer says: "Perhaps men are not as evil as Femputer thinks."
Thog says: "But they make fun women's basketball."
Femputer says: "What?"
Femputer says: "Did you explain how the women's good fundamentals make up for their inability to dunk?"
Ornik says: "Yes."
Ornik says: "They still laugh."
Femputer says: "The men must die."
Bender says: "Too true, Femputer."
Bender says: "You're so wise."
Bender says: "Kill 'em all, I say."
Bender says: "Good riddance!"
Bender says: "Did I mention I'm not a man?"
Bender says: "I'm a manbot."
Bender says: "It's an understandable mistake."
Bender says: "You can let me down now, thanks."
Kug says: "He big jerk like man."
Bender says: "I sure am."
Bender says: "But check the crotch."
Bender says: "Nothing."
Femputer says: "Very well, release him."
Femputer says: "As for the others, take them to the snu-snu chambers."
Kif's jaw drops in fear followed by Zapp's and Fry's. Zapp and Fry change to happy smiling, then back to fear, then happy, then fear...
[Scene says: "Outside Snu-Snu Chambers."
[Scene says: "The Amazonians carry Fry, Kif and Zapp towards the snu-snu chambers under the moonlit sky."
[Scene says: "Snu-Snu Chambers."
[Scene says: "Fry, Zapp and Kif stand in their underpants with their hands tied behind them and their feet bound."
[Scene says: "Several Amazonians have gathered to watch along with Amy, Leela and Bender."
Bender says: "I'll miss you, meatbag."
Leela says: "Me too, meatbag."
Fry says: "Goodbye, friends."
Fry says: "I never thought I would die like this."
Fry says: "But I'd always really hoped."
Femputer gives instructions over the Sonya loudspeaker.
Femputer says: "Initiate snu-snu!"
Amazonians says: "Snu-snu, snu-snu, snu-snu!"
Thog unties Kif's hands.
Kif says: "Amy, before I die, I have to tell you: I didn't mean to say those awful things on our date."
Kif says: "They were all Zapp's idea."
Amy says: "Really?"
Amy says: "Honest and true?"
Kif says: "Yes."
Kif says: "And-And that person calling and hanging up was me."
Kif says: "I was just too nervous to say hello because I love you."
Amy says: "Oh, Kif!"
Thog says: "It Thog's first time."
Thog says: "Be gentle!"
She flings him over her shoulder and walks into the snu-snu chamber. Ornik and Kug drag Fry and Zapp into two other chambers.
Leela says: "We've got to do something."
Leela says: "Bender, maybe you can interface with the Femputer and reprogram it to let them go."
Bender says: "Maybe you can interface with my ass."
Bender says: "By biting it!"
Bender says: "Alright, I'll go!"
He walks off mocking Amy's curse. Ornik and Kug walk out of the chambers and two new women walk in. Fry and Zapp groan from inside then cheer.
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Zapp says: "Oh, baby!"
They groan and scream again.
[Scene says: "Outside Femputer Temple."
[Scene says: "Bender runs up one side and hides behind one of the stone boobies."
[Scene says: "Two guards sit on the steps."
Guard #1 says: "How Tonk look?"
Guard #2 says: "Tonk look good."
Guard #2 says: "Me fat."
Guard #1 says: "No, you look good."
Guard #1 says: "Tonk fat."
Bender mocks them with the yack-yack gesture. They walk down the steps and Bender sneaks inside.
[Cut to says: "Femputer Temple."
[Cut to says: "The Femputer is facing outwards."
Femputer says: "Intruder!"
Femputer says: "Stay away from the mighty Femputer!"
Femputer says: "Guards!"
Bender says: "Time to override the CPU and reprogram this Femputer."
He takes out a pipe and hits the Femputer.
Femputer says: "Hey, whoa, whoa!"
Femputer says: "Stop it!"
Femputer says: "Stop it!"
Femputer says: "Hey, cut that out!"
A panel falls down revealing a hollow section of the Femputer with a bed, a curtain and lots of levers. Also a Fembot.
Fembot says: "Cease hitting Femputer!"
She turns around and sees Bender and screams.
Bender says: "You're no Femputer, you're a Fembot!"
Fembot says: "It's true."
Fembot says: "I disguised myself as a Femputer so I could rule the Amazonians."
Bender says: "But why?"
Fembot says: "Why?"
Fembot says: "Why?"
Fembot says: "I came here from a faraway planet."
Fembot says: "A planet ruled by a chauvinistic Manputer that was really a Manbot."
Fembot says: "Have you any idea how it feels to be a Fembot living in a Manbot's Manputer's world?"
Bender says: "What?"
Fembot says: "And now, my meddling Manbot, there's the question of what to do with you!"
She narrows her eyes and moves towards him. He backs away, waving his arms and panicking.
[Scene says: "Snu-Snu Chambers."
[Scene says: "The Amazonians are queued up waiting for their snu-snu."
[Scene says: "Fry and Zapp walk out, gasping."
Zapp says: "We need rest."
Zapp says: "The spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised."
Ornik says: "It time snu-snu!"
Fry says: "Can't we just cuddle?"
Fry says: "Nooo!"
She carries him inside. Kug picks up Zapp. He groans and she takes him in.
Leela says: "We can't wait for Bender."
Leela says: "It's time for a woman's touch."
Leela says: "Yah!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Leela says: "Yah, yah, yah!"
An Amazonian picks her up by her ponytail, throws her on the floor and sits on her. Amy walks past on stilts. She has put a bone through her hair and torn her dress.
Amy says: "Me next snu-snu."
Amy says: "Out me way."
She walks into a snu-snu chamber.
[Cut to says: "Kif's Snu-Snu Chamber."
[Cut to says: "Thog looks under a bed."
Thog says: "Where go beautiful man?"
Thog says: "Me want snu-snu!"
She pokes him with a broom and he runs around the ceiling, his hands and feet sticking to it. Amy walks in. She sees Kif and Thog and gasps. She jumps off the stilts and holds out her arms.
Amy says: "Kif!"
Amy says: "Jump!"
He lands in her arms.
Kif says: "My hero!"
They kiss and run.
[Scene says: "Outside Femputer Temple."
[Scene says: "Amy runs past the steps still carrying Kif with the Amazonians chasing her."
Thog says: "Me not get snu-snu!"
Thog says: "Get him!"
They chase her around the side of the temple. Ornik, Kug and another group of Amazonians block her path. She gasps and ducks through a crack in the wall.
[Cut to says: "Femputer Temple."
[Cut to says: "Amy runs towards the Femputer and the Amazonians run in and corner her."
[Cut to says: "Thog gets on her knees in front of the Femputer."
Thog says: "Mighty Femputer."
Thog says: "Small girl steal green kissy man."
Thog says: "We kill her now?"
Fembot says: "Come back later."
Fembot says: "Leave me alone."
Bender says: "And bring gold."
Bender says: "Lots of gold."
Thog says: "Gold?"
Thog says: "Why Femputer want gold?"
Fembot says: "You heard the man."
They giggle again. Amy and Kif smile and walk out.
Bender says: "C'mon!"
Bender says: "Gimme some of that!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Zoidberg stand at the water cooler."
Zoidberg says: "And that's how I got my new shell."
Zoidberg says: "It looks just like the shell I threw out yesterday and I found it in the same dumpster, but this one had a live raccoon inside."
Zoidberg says: "Pretty good story, eh, Hermes?"
Hermes says: "Stick to someone else, you windy barnacle!"
Leela, Bender and Farnsworth sit at the table.
Leela says: "It's funny how the battle of the sexes was only resolved when a Manbot and a Fembot realised they loved each other."
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "By the way, if she calls, I'm not here."
Bender says: "All I know is this gold says that was the best mission ever!"
He closes his door. Inside and on the table are big bars of gold. On the couch Kif yawns and puts his arm around Amy. She giggles.
Amy says: "It sure was."
Fry and Zapp stand nearby in body casts and leaning on crutches.
Fry says: "Oh, yeah!"
Zapp says: "I had snu-snu!"
Kif says: "So, um, Amy, w-what do you wanna do now?"
Amy whispers something in his ear and smiles. He gasps and stutters.
Closing Credits.