[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Painstakingly Drawn Before A Live Audience."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The staff are assembled around a table."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "I've invented a device that allows you to operate equipment from great distances."
Farnsworth says: "I call it "the fing-longer"."
Farnsworth says: "There!"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Amy says: "Wow!"
Zoidberg says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Pretty long, eh?"
Fry says: "Yeah, it's really long."
Fry says: "But what did you just turn on with it?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, that's just the What-If machine I invented."
Farnsworth says: "You pose it a What-If question and it generates a video simulation of what would happen."
Fry says: "Does it really work?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course it works!"
Farnsworth says: "It's just not very long."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "As a robot living among humans, I've never really felt accepted at parties or nude beaches."
Bender says: "So I've always secretly wondered: What if I was 500-feet tall?"
Zoidberg says: "Let's watch, shall we?"
[What-If Scene says: "On the What-If machine screen a bending unit bends a girder and fixes it to the shoulder of a 500-foot tall Bender."
[What-If Scene says: "Another throws a switch and giant Bender's eyelid opens."
[What-If Scene says: "He scratches his ass and belches."
Bender says: "My work here is done!"
He blasts off and flies away. The other bending units salute him.
[What-If Scene says: "He flies towards Earth as Black Sabbath's Iron Man plays."
[What-If Scene says: "Central Park Lake."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry sighs."
Fry says: "I'm so lonely since I came to the future."
Fry says: "Who are you?"
Bender says: "I'm a big robot and I want a big cereal!"
Fry says: "You too?"
Fry says: "Will you be my friend?"
Bender holds out his hand.
Bender says: "Put it there, pal!"
Bender says: "I meant your wallet."
[Montage says: "Fry and Bender play hide and seek as Hanson's Mmmbop plays."
[Montage says: "Fry counts and looks for Bender behind some bushes and under a rock even though it is more than obvious he is hiding behind a tree."
[Montage says: "Bender giggles."
[Montage says: "Fry looks around and sees him and they both laugh."
[Montage says: "Later they stand on a road bridge overlooking a highway."
[Montage says: "They lean over and Fry spits on a car windscreen."
[Montage says: "Bender spits a huge glob of oil onto the road."
[Montage says: "Cars skid and pile up."
[Montage says: "Fry sternly shakes his finger at Bender."
[Montage says: "Back in the park, they play Frisbee near a Hanson concert."
[Montage says: "Fry throws the Frisbee, Bender leaps for it and crushes Hanson and the crowd."
[Montage says: "He gets up and smiles at Fry."
[Montage says: "Fry hugs Bender's foot."
[Montage says: "The scene ends with a heart wipe."
[Newspaper Headline says: ""Robot Rampage: Thousands Dead."
[Newspaper Headline says: "None Injured"."
[What-If Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[What-If Scene says: "Troops march through the streets with tanks behind them and planes overhead."
[What-If Scene says: "Bender snaps a chimney off "Kentucky Slim's Chicken-Flavored Cigarettes" factory and smokes it."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bender says: "That calms the shakes."
Bender says: "Aw, quit it!"
Bender says: "Come on!"
Fry runs between the soldiers and Bender.
Fry says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "The robot's not your enemy!"
The soldiers shoot him and he screams and faints. Bender stamps down the street and crushes troops. In a tank, Zapp and Kif watch.
Bender treads on them and Kif sighs. Bender sniffs and groans. He rips up a telegraph pole and scrapes the tank off his foot.
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Balcony."
[What-If Scene says: "Amy, Hermes, Leela and Farnsworth watch Bender's rampage."
Amy says: "Well, there goes the neighbourhood."
Amy says: "There goes another neighbourhood."
Hermes says: "We're jerked!"
Hermes says: "Nothing can stop a monster that big."
Farnsworth says: "Nothing except and even equally big monster."
Farnsworth says: "This is chance to try out my experimental enlarging ray."
Farnsworth says: "But we'll need a guinea pig."
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[What-If Scene says: "The four hide behind a table, watching a guinea pig on a plate."
[What-If Scene says: "Zoidberg passes the door, sniffs and sees the guinea pig."
Zoidberg says: "What's this?"
Zoidberg says: "Two meals in one week?"
He picks up the guinea pig and eats it. A tube comes down over him and traps him. Amy laughs.
Farnsworth says: "Gotcha!"
Hermes says: "Oh, yes!"
Zoidberg says: "Friends!"
Zoidberg says: "Help!"
Zoidberg says: "A guinea pig tricked me!"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg grows and emerges from the hangar roof."
Zoidberg says: "So, now Zoidberg is big, huh?"
Zoidberg says: "That's more like it!"
Zoidberg says: "Who's intimidating who now, big city?"
Zoidberg says: "Ah, the famed Apollo Theater."
Zoidberg says: ""Boo" me off stage on open-mic night, huh?"
Zoidberg says: "I'll show you!"
He kicks the building apart and picks up another one. Bender arrives.
Bender says: "Hey, I called this city!"
Bender says: "Quit touching my stuff!"
Zoidberg says: "Tell it to claw."
He holds up his claw to Bender.
Bender says: "Bite my colossal metal ass!"
Zoidberg picks up a train and whips it around. Bender snaps off part of a travel tube, sucks up some people and blows them at Zoidberg. Zoidberg screams.
Zoidberg says: "Stop!"
Bender dives on Zoidberg and knocks him into some buildings. They roll across the city. Zoidberg kicks Bender off him, picks up a building and uses a bridge to launch it at Bender. It misses and hits a cliff. A "Luxury River View Apts" banner rolls out from one of the windows. Bender rips up the Shea Stadium from its foundations, scoops up some water and boils it with a fiery belch.
Bender says: "Who wants lobster bisque?"
Zoidberg says: "Hmm?"
Bender knocks him into the boiling water and he screams as he disappears under. Bender laughs.
Fry says: "Hey, Bender?"
Bender turns around and looks down and sees Fry standing with crayons and paper.
Bender says: "Huh?"
Fry says: "Wanna make Shrinky Dinks?"
Bender leans over to Fry and Zoidberg appears from the water and clips off Bender's feet at his ankles. Bender loses his balance and falls over, impaling himself on a building. He groans, opens his chest cabinet and sees the top of the building.
Bender says: "Who put this in here?"
He slides down the building. Fry rushes forward from the crowd.
Fry says: "Are you people satisfied?"
Fry says: "This gentle visitor is dying!"
Fry says: "And we'll never even know why he came."
Bender says: "I'll tell you..."
Bender says: "with my final breath."
Bender says: "Not I."
He dies.
Fry says: "Goodnight, sweet prince."
Narrator says: "Interesting stuff."
Narrator says: "Stay tuned for more Tales of Interest!"
The What-If scenario ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
Farnsworth says: "Well, Leela, care to give the What-If machine a whirl?"
Leela says: "Maybe later."
Leela says: "I-I mean, I don't know what to ask about."
Hermes says: "Come on, woman!"
Hermes says: "Just pick something."
Fry says: "Yeah, be more impulsive."
Fry says: "Like this."
He picks up a box of Admiral Crunch, tips the contents on his head and pours milk over it.
Bender says: "Go, man!"
Bender says: "Go!"
Fry eats the cereal from his head.
Leela says: "I can be really impulsive."
Leela says: "It just takes me a while."
Leela says: "Not too much."
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry, Amy and Bender sit around the table."
[What-If Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Leela says: "Hey, you guys, look what I bought on a wild impulse: New boots."
Leela says: "They're like my old ones but with a crazy green stripe."
Leela says: "Woo!"
Leela says: "Never know what I'm gonna do next!"
Fry hums and ladles some gravy onto a chicken that is on his head. Leela sighs. Enter Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Leela, could you come in here for a moment."
Farnsworth says: "I have something important to tell you."
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[What-If Scene says: "He takes a plate of raw meat out of a fridge."
Farnsworth says: "I can't live forever and I need an heir."
Farnsworth says: "Someone to spend my vast riches and take care of my man-eating anteaters when I'm gone."
Farnsworth says: "The others simply aren't level-headed enough."
Farnsworth says: "They're too impulsive."
Farnsworth says: "Not like you."
Farnsworth says: "Not like old, predictable, dull-as-dishwater Leela."
Leela says: "Hello?"
Leela says: "New boots!"
He turns his back to her and looks into the pit.
Farnsworth says: "That's why I've made you my sole heir."
Farnsworth says: "The day I die, you'll be a very wealthy woman."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Farnsworth says: "Incredibly wealthy."
Farnsworth says: "The day I die."
Farnsworth says: "Because you're so unimpulsive."
Leela says: "Yah!"
She kicks Farnsworth into the pit.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, you've killed me!"
Farnsworth says: "You've killed me!"
Leela says: "Oh, God!"
Leela says: "What have I done?"
Farnsworth says: "I just told you, you've killed me!"
The anteaters finish him off. All that is left of him is his skeleton and his lab coat. An anteater coughs up his glasses onto his skull.
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[What-If Scene says: "Leela stands outside the lounge rubbing her hands."
Leela says: "OK, just try to be nonchalant."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks in whistling nonchalantly."
Zoidberg says: "Alright, so you're nonchalant."
Zoidberg says: "Quit rubbing our noses in it."
Enter Hermes.
Hermes says: "Sweet giant anteater of Saint Anita!"
Hermes says: "The Professor's been eaten by giant anteaters!"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Leela gasps.
Hermes says: "If y'ask me, it's mighty suspicious!"
Hermes says: "I'm gonna call the police..."
Hermes says: "right after I flush some things."
Zoidberg says: "Police?"
Zoidberg says: "Bah!"
Zoidberg says: "Nosy meddlers!"
Zoidberg says: "It so happens I have mail order degrees in Murderology and Murderonomy."
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg is afoot!"
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[What-If Scene says: "Hermes and Leela sit at the table."
[What-If Scene says: "There are boxes scattered around Hermes and piles of paper in front of him."
Hermes says: "Perhaps the Professor's files can clear things up."
Hermes says: "..."
Hermes says: "you as his sole heir."
Leela says: "That doesn't prove I killed him."
Hermes says: "It's a video will."
Hermes says: "It shows you killing him."
The will plays, showing Leela kicking Farnsworth into the pit. Leela narrows her eye at Hermes. Hermes' jaw drops.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg leans over the anteater pit."
[Cut to says: "The sounds of Leela beating Hermes comes from the meeting room."
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Hermes screams.
Zoidberg says: "Alright, anteater number one, who are you protecting?"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "How do you spell that?"
The sound of hacking comes from the meeting room.
Hermes says: "What are you hacking off?"
Hermes says: "Is it my torso?"
Hermes says: "It is!"
Hermes says: "My precious torso!"
Zoidberg says: "Hermes, quiet!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm deducing things."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Leela forces something down the garbage disposal using the stick end of a plunger."
[Cut to says: "Enter Bender."
Bender says: "Whattya got?"
Bender says: "Disposal trouble?"
Leela covers the disposal.
Leela says: "No!"
He moves her aside and throws the plunger out the way.
Bender says: "Sure is shocking about the Professor, huh?"
Bender says: "."
Bender says: "And now Hermes is mysteriously missing."
Bender says: "Anyhow, it doesn't affect me, Bender."
Bender says: "Hey, what's this?"
Bender says: "Hermes' dreadlocks?"
Bender says: "And his arm?"
Bender says: "Leela, I'm shocked."
Bender says: "Food goes in the disposal, hair and flesh go in the trash!"
Leela says: "I'm sorry, I couldn't stop-- W-Wait."
Leela says: "Don't you care that I murdered Hermes?"
Bender says: "Not even a little."
Bender says: "There's nothing wrong with murder, just so long as you let Bender wet his beak."
Leela says: "You're blackmailing me?"
Bender says: ""Blackmail" is such an ugly word."
Bender says: "I prefer "extortion"."
Bender says: "The "X" makes it sound cool."
Bender says: "Please, honey, I'm made of metal."
Bender says: "Like you're really gonna hurt me with a-- Hey!"
Bender says: "What are you doing with that microwave?"
Leela smashes the glass on the microwave door and turns it on. Bender sparks and falls to pieces.
Leela says: "OK, that's it."
Leela says: "No more killing!"
Leela says: "Next time you feel like killing just have a stick of gum."
Leela says: "Now to dispose of the body."
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[What-If Scene says: "Leela drives a Bender-cart in."
[What-If Scene says: "She honks the horn."
Amy says: "Wow!"
Amy says: "Sporty go-cart, Leela!"
Amy says: "So hip and sexy."
Amy says: "Not like you at all."
Leela narrows her eye.
Leela says: "Do you have any gum?"
Amy says: "No."
Leela's shadow creeps over her and she screams.
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Accusing Parlour."
[What-If Scene says: "The remaining Planet Express staff, plus Cubert and Nibbler, are assembled in the room."
[What-If Scene says: "Zoidberg, still wearing the deerstalker, tips some tobacco into his pipe then eats the whole thing."
[What-If Scene says: "A man with a moustache walks in."
Zoidberg says: "Ah, the gang's all here."
Leela says: "Who are you?"
Scruffy says: "Scruffy, the janitor."
He sits down.
Leela says: "I've never seen you before."
Scruffy says: "I've never seen you before neither."
Zoidberg says: "Quiet, please."
Zoidberg says: "I've called you all here to the parlour to watch as I gradually solve the crime."
Zoidberg says: "One of the people in this room..."
Zoidberg says: "is a big murderer!"
Zoidberg says: "You see, the killer left one fatal clue: This boot print on the Professor's lab coat."
He holds it up.
Leela says: "Uh, couldn't be me."
Leela says: "I never wear boots."
Leela says: "See?"
Fry says: "Ew!"
Fry says: "What smells like boot feet?"
Cubert snorts.
Cubert says: "This is preposterous."
Leela turns the lights off and Cubert squeaks. The lights go back on. There is now a sword through Cubert. Scruffy gasps.
Zoidberg says: "My next clue came at 4."
Zoidberg says: "15, when the clock stopped."
Zoidberg says: "And another came two hours later at 4."
Zoidberg says: "15, when I discovered the murdered body of Amy's dead, deceased corpse."
He opens the clock and Amy tumbles out, clutching some purple hair.
Scruffy says: "Scruffy knows who killed them people."
Leela turns the lights off again and stabs Scruffy with the same sword. The lights come back on.
Zoidberg says: "So, it's just as I suspected all along."
Zoidberg says: "The crime is unsolvable!"
Zoidberg says: "My God!"
Zoidberg says: "It can't be!"
Fry yawns.
Fry says: "I'm bored."
Fry says: "You're boring, Zoidberg."
Fry says: "I'm gonna go watch TV."
Leela says: "Could you get the lights on your way out?"
The lights go off.
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[What-If Scene says: "Leela sits at the table eating a plate of something red."
Fry says: "Whatcha eating?"
Leela says: "Lobster."
Leela says: "Want some?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "Y'know, I think I finally figured out what's behind all these mysterious deaths."
Leela says: "Really?"
Fry says: "Was Planet Express built on an Indian graveyard?"
Leela says: "No."
Fry says: "No?"
Leela says: "No!"
Fry gasps.
Fry says: "Then..."
Fry says: "then..."
Fry says: "it was you!"
Leela sobs.
Leela says: "I don't know what came over me."
Leela says: "I killed one person on impulse."
Leela says: "Then I had to kill another."
Leela says: "And another."
Fry says: "Well, that covers the first three killings."
Leela says: "And now, to make sure you won't talk, I'm gonna have to do something really impulsive!"
[What-If Scene says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry and Leela relax in bed."
[What-If Scene says: "Leela sighs."
Leela says: "So, Fry, what do you think of the impulsive new me?"
Fry says: "I like it!"
Leela says: "Good."
Leela says: "Now let me just get the lights."
She turns the lights off. Fry screams.
Fry says: "I really like it!"
The What-If scenario ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
Farnsworth says: "Who else has a question for the What-If machine?"
Farnsworth says: "Scruffy?"
Farnsworth says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "Um, I have a question."
Fry says: "What if Bender was really giant?"
Leela says: "You idiot!"
Leela says: "We already saw that."
Fry says: "I know."
Fry says: "I liked it."
Fry says: "I wanna see it again."
Farnsworth says: "We're not seeing it again!"
Farnsworth says: "Ask something less stupid."
Fry says: "Oh, alright."
Fry says: "How 'bout this?"
Fry says: "What if I never fell into that freezer-doodle and came to the future-jiggy?"
Farnsworth says: "That question is less stupid, though you asked it in a profoundly stupid way."
Farnsworth says: "What would happen if Fry never came to the future?"
He turns the crank and the What-If machine plays the scenario.
[What-If Scene says: "It's December 31st 1999."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry cycles past O'Grady's Pub."
[What-If Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics Corridor."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry steps out of the elevator on the 64th floor and walks into the cryogenics lab."
[Cut to says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
[Cut to says: "The room is as it was in Space Pilot 3000."
[Cut to says: "He wipes the condensation off a tube and a different man is inside."
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Pizza delivery for..."
Fry says: "Icy Wiener?"
Fry says: "Aw, crud!"
Fry says: "I should have left you floating in the toilet!"
A blue hole opens behind him and he turns around. Bender, Zoidberg, Farnsworth and Leela are in the hole. They look around in confusion, not noticing Fry.
Leela says: "What is it?"
Farnsworth says: "It appears that the very fabric of space-time has ripped."
Bender sees Fry.
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "An ugly scared guy!"
Bender says: "Boo!"
Fry gasps and Bender laughs and make ghost noises.
Fry says: "Who are you monsters?"
Fry says: "Is one of you Icy Wiener?"
Zoidberg says: "If that's his pizza, then I'm icy whatever!"
The hole closes and a gust of wind lifts Fry off his legs. He grabs on to the desk and is sucked back until the hole closes completely.
[What-If Scene says: "Panucci's Pizza."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry is back at work."
[What-If Scene says: "Panucci scratches his back with a baguette."
Fry says: "You believe me about the monsters, right, Mr."
Fry says: "Panucci?"
Panucci says: "There's only three real monsters, kid: Dracula, Blacula and Son of Kong."
Panucci says: "Now quit picking your nose and knead that dough!"
Panucci says: "Hey!"
Panucci says: "The usual, Professor Hawking?"
Stephen Hawking says: "No."
Stephen Hawking says: "Today I'd like something good."
Panucci laughs.
Panucci says: "Hawking, you're alright!"
Panucci says: "I'll make you the usual!"
He walks into the kitchen.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Stephen Hawking!"
Fry says: "Aren't you that physicist that invented gravity?"
Hawking says: "Sure."
Hawking says: "Why not?"
Fry says: "Let me ask you something: Has anyone ever discovered a hole in nothing with monsters in it?"
Fry says: "'Cause if I'm the first, I want them to call it "a Fry Hole"."
Hawking says: "There is nothing to be concerned about."
Hawking says: "I must go."
Hawking says: "There is much to do."
He turns to leave. Panucci comes back with his pizza.
Panucci says: "Hey, Hawking!"
Panucci says: "Your pizza's ready."
Hawking says: "Toss it in the garbage!"
[What-If Scene says: "Outside Panucci's Pizza."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry locks up for the night and walks into an alley."
Hawking says: "There he is."
Hawking says: "Seize him."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "What the--?"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
[What-If Scene says: "Fry awakens somewhere, tied to a chair with a spotlight pointing down on him."
Fry says: "Who are you people?"
A figure emerges from the shadows.
Gore says: "I'm Al Gore, and these are my Vice Presidential Action Rangers; a group of top nerds whose sole duty it is to prevent disruptions in the space-time continuum."
Fry says: "I thought your duty was to cast the tie-breaking vote in the Senate."
Gore says: "That, and protect the space-time continuum."
Gore says: "Read the Constitution!"
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "So I guess you'll wanna see my Fry Hole."
Gore says: "Very much so."
Gore says: "But first, meet the Action Rangers."
Gore says: "You already know Stephen Hawking."
Gore says: "Also with us are Nichelle Nichols, a."
Gore says: "k."
Gore says: "a."
Gore says: "Commander Uhura."
Nichols, dressed like Uhura from Star Trek, sits monitoring some equipment. She turns around.
Nichols says: "Incoming transmission from MCI "One Rate" department."
Nichols says: "It sounds like a limited-time offer."
Gore says: "Tell them I'm in the tub!"
Gore says: "To my left you'll recognise Gary Gygax, inventor of Dungeons & Dragons."
Gygax says: "Greetings!"
Gygax says: "It's a..."
Gygax says: "..."
Gygax says: "pleasure to meet you!"
Gore says: "And our summer intern, Deep Blue, the world's foremost chess-playing computer."
Deep Blue says: "Bishop to knight 4."
Gore pats Deep Blue.
Gore says: "Not all missions can be solved with chess, Deep Blue."
Gore says: "Someday you'll understand that."
Fry says: "Where am I, anyway?"
Nichols says: "You're travelling in a specially-equipped terrestrial transport module."
Gygax says: "A school bus!"
The yellow bus has "Grand Unified School District" written on the side.
Fry says: "So what do you nerds want?"
Nichols says: "It's about that rip in space-time that you saw."
Hawking says: "I call it a "Hawking Hole"."
Fry says: "No fair!"
Fry says: "I saw it first!"
Hawking says: "Who is The Journal of Quantum Physics going to believe?"
Gygax says: "Mr."
Gygax says: "Fry, the time disruption indicates that some of that was supposed to happen but didn't, due to a quantum fluctuation."
Nichols says: "That's why we had to beat you with tennis rackets."
Gore says: "If we don't go back there and make the event happen, the entire universe will be destroyed!"
Gore says: "And as an environmentalist, I'm against that."
[Cut to says: "Outside Applied Cryogenics."
[Cut to says: "The bus screeches to a halt."
[What-If Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry and the Action Rangers stand."
Fry says: "So then my chair tilted back and I almost fell into this freezer thingy."
Hawking says: "I call it a "Hawking Chamber"."
Fry says: "But instead of falling in and getting frozen, I missed and wanged my head."
Gore says: "Well it's obvious what should have happened: That wang to the head should have killed you."
Fry says: "Uh, what?"
Nichols says: "Let's finish the job."
Gore says: "No!"
Gore says: "Wait!"
Nichols pushes him over and he screams.
Hawking says: "Hold him down."
Deep Blue says: "Check."
Gygax, Nichols and Deep Blue pin Fry to the floor. Hawking runs him over.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
The hole opens. Everyone gasps.
Nichols says: "Something's wrong."
Nichols says: "Murder isn't working and that's all we're good at."
Gygax says: "Let's try something else."
He rolls the dice. Gore slams his hand on the desk.
Gore says: "Put the dice away before I take them away."
Nichols says: "Wait."
Nichols says: "I'm getting an idea."
Nichols says: "What if Fry was supposed to get frozen?"
Hawking says: "Yes."
Hawking says: "Shove him in the tube."
Hawking says: "It was my idea."
Bender appears in the hole.
Bender says: "Hey, there he is again."
Bender says: "And he brought nerds!"
Bender says: "Take this!"
He throws his bottle at them and it smashes at Fry's feet.
Gore says: "Get in the tube, dummy!"
Gore says: "We only have a few seconds before the universe is destroyed."
They converge on Fry and back him towards the freezer.
Fry says: "Alright."
Fry says: "But I need a weapon to fight off drunken robots when I wake up."
Gygax says: "Here."
Gygax says: "Take my plus-one mace."
Fry takes it and walks towards the tube.
Fry says: "OK, here I go."
He smashes the top window of the freezer and laughs maniacally.
Gore says: "You fool!"
Gore says: "You foolish fool!"
Fry says: "Eh, what's the worst thing that can happen?"
The hole starts to suck the room into itself. It sucks in Fry and the Action Rangers. They scream.
[Cut to says: "Outside Applied Cryogenics."
[Cut to says: "The hole sucks in the building and those around it."
[What-If Scene says: "The Earth is sucked into the hole followed by planets, galaxies and space itself until all that is left is white."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry, Hawking, Gore, Nichols, Deep Blue and Gygax float around in the white."
Hawking says: "Great."
Hawking says: "The entire universe was destroyed."
Fry says: "Destroyed?"
Fry says: "Then where are we now?"
Gore says: "I don't know."
Gore says: "But I can darn well tell you where we're not: The universe."
Nichols groans.
Nichols says: "Eternity with nerds."
Nichols says: "It's the Pasadena Star Trek convention all over again."
Gygax says: "Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Hawking says: "I guess."
Deep Blue says: "Pawn to rook 8."
Gore says: "I'm a 10th-level Vice President!"
The What-If scenario ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth turns off the What-If machine."
Farnsworth says: "That story was preposterous."
Farnsworth says: "Stephen Hawking in a pizzeria!"
Farnsworth says: "This thing isn't worth the gold it's made of."
Farnsworth says: "Anyway, the fing-longer seems to be arousing success."
The staff applaud.
Fry says: "Good work."
Leela says: "Congratulations!"
Amy says: "Right on, Professor!"
The What-If scenario ends. Farnsworth has been watching the whole thing on the What-If machine.
Farnsworth says: "So that's what things would be like if I'd invented the fing-longer."
Farnsworth says: "A man can dream though."
Farnsworth says: "A man can dream."
Closing Credits.