[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Hey, TiVo!"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Suggest this!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth hits his What-If machine with a hammer."
Farnsworth says: "There."
Farnsworth says: "I've finished fine-tuning my What-If machine."
Farnsworth says: "It can answer any "What-If" question, accurate to within one-tenth of a plausibility unit."
Leela says: "That's so plausible I can't believe it!"
Farnsworth says: "Who wants the machine to show them an alternate reality?"
Bender steps forward.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "I wanna know what would happen if I were human."
Bender says: "I mean, being a robot's great, but we don't have emotions and sometimes that makes me very sad."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Lordy Lou, there he goes again."
Farnsworth says: "Well, let's give baby what he wants."
Farnsworth says: "What if Bender were human?"
He pulls a string.
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[What-If Scene says: "Bender is strapped to a table and the staff are gathered around him."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "I've invented a way to turn Bender into a human using a process I call "reverse fossilisation"."
Leela says: "How does it work?"
Farnsworth says: "Well, in regular fossilisation, flesh and bone turn to minerals."
Farnsworth says: "Realising that, it was a simple matter to reverse the process."
Farnsworth says: "I've already tested it by turning the toaster into a racoon."
He puts the racoon on a table. It runs around and two slices of toast pop out of it. Fry takes a bite.
Fry says: "Kinda game-y."
Farnsworth says: "Are you ready, Bender?"
Bender says: "I dunno."
Farnsworth throws a switch and Bender is zapped with electricity à la the countless Frankenstein films. He slowly starts to take human form. He grows hair, a nose and...
Hermes says: "Cover your shame, mon!"
He puts some underpants on Bender. The table tips up and human Bender walks off. Everyone gasps.
Farnsworth says: "It worked!"
Farnsworth says: "Eat it, everyone whose never won a Nobel Prize!"
Farnsworth says: "And that includes you, Amy!"
Amy cries. Bender looks at his new self.
Bender says: "So this is a human body, huh?"
Bender says: "Neat!"
Bender says: "No, it just moved."
Bender says: "I'm not getting good reception on it though."
Bender says: "Maybe if I wiggle it around a little."
Fry says: "Bender, no!"
Fry says: "You'll make God cry."
Bender says: "Well, let's see what kinda things this body can do."
Bender says: "Being human is great!"
He vomits again. Zoidberg cheers.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "It's just like Mardis Gras!"
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[What-If Scene says: "Bender walks out of the bathroom."
Bender says: "Guy!"
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "You've gotta see this."
Bender says: "You're not gonna believe it!"
Leela says: "Bender, it's OK to be proud but don't be a show-off."
Bender looks Amy up and down.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "You look a lot better than you used to for some reason."
Amy says: "You're not so bad yourself, big boy."
She kisses him.
Bender says: "Hey, that felt great!"
Bender says: "Nah, it's not working anymore."
Farnsworth says: "Speak for yourself!"
[What-If Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[What-If Scene says: "Bender drinks a beer and lights and smokes a cigar."
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "This is awesome!"
Leela says: "Bender, you drank and smoked when you were a robot."
Bender says: "But now it's bad for me!"
He hoots and picks up another mug. Fry slides a box of nachos onto the bar.
Fry says: "Speaking of which, try these nachos."
Bender tastes one and his eyes widen with delight. He starts scoffing the rest of them.
Bender says: "Mmm!"
Bender says: "Why didn't anyone tell me tasting things tasted so good?"
Bender says: "What's going on?"
Bender says: "That rhythm!"
Bender says: "It's doing something to my human butt."
He stands up and dances, still holding his beer, cigar and nachos.
Amy says: "Bender, part of being human is having self control."
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "I bet I can eat nachos and go to the bathroom at the same time!"
He picks up the box of nachos and the others restrain him.
Amy says: "No, Bender!"
Hermes says: "No!"
Leela says: "Stop him."
Bender says: "Let me go."
Leela says: "No!"
Farnsworth says: "Come, Bender."
Farnsworth says: "It's time to go home and rest."
Farnsworth says: "I need you in top shape next week when I present you to the Nobel Prize Committee."
Farnsworth says: "Bender?"
Bender climbs out of a window.
[Cut to says: "Outside O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Cut to says: "Bender runs down the street."
Bender says: "Goodbye, moderation!"
[What-If Scene says: "D."
[What-If Scene says: "U."
[What-If Scene says: "I."
[What-If Scene says: "Friday's."
[What-If Scene says: "Bender dances with two girls to Conga still with a mug of beer and a hot dog."
[What-If Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[What-If Scene says: "He walks out of D."
[What-If Scene says: "U."
[What-If Scene says: "I."
[What-If Scene says: "Friday's and into Dinkin' Donuts."
Time Lapse. He leaves a while later with his arms around two girls.
[What-If Scene says: "Academy of Science."
[What-If Scene says: "A week later, Farnsworth and the rest of the staff attend the Nobel Prize Committee."
[What-If Scene says: "Farnsworth stands at a lectern while Amy and Zoidberg sit at a table."
Zoidberg says: "Is Bender still missing for a week?"
Zoidberg says: "Where is he, already?"
Farnsworth says: "Uh, as I've said before, I used reverse fossilisation, which is the reverse of regular, um..."
He wipes his brow and clears his throat. Fry pokes his head through a curtain.
Fry says: "Pst!"
Fry says: "We found him!"
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Then without further stalling for time, I present to the Nobel judges the first robot ever turned into a human."
The curtain slides back. Bender is a huge fat blob. He groans and the scientists gasp.
Wernstrom says: "My God!"
Wernstrom says: "He needs medical attention!"
Zoidberg scans Bender.
Zoidberg says: "Pulse, 300; liver, failing; cholesterol, 40?"
Leela says: "Well, that's not so bad."
Zoidberg says: "No, I mean 40 pounds!"
Farnsworth continues.
Farnsworth says: "This, um, scientific breakthrough..."
Farnsworth says: "heralds a new dawn in human-robot relations, yes."
Bender groans and looks at a woman.
Bender says: "C'mere and give old Bender a kiss."
Bender says: "Hey, you like grilled cheese?"
He takes out some grilled cheese from under a roll of flab.
Farnsworth says: "And, um, that's why I believe I deserve the Nobel Prize."
Wernstrom says: "Not only do you not deserve a Nobel Prize for loosing this bloated man-ball on the world but you are hereby kicked out of the Academy of Science."
The scientists cheer and applaud.
Bender says: "Wait!"
Bender says: "As men of science are not your minds open to new ideas?"
Bender says: "I say, do not judge me until you have tried my way of life for yourselves."
The scientists look at each other.
Wernstrom says: "Young man, you have opened our minds and swayed our hearts."
Bender says: "Party!"
Zoidberg puts Conga on a jukebox and warbles. Enter Fry with a keg and Amy and Hermes with food. Farnsworth cheers.
Time Lapse. The drunken scientists are asleep and sitting around in their underwear.
Wernstrom says: "Bender, you were right!"
Wernstrom says: "Truly you have lived more in your one week of being human than the rest of us have in our entire lives."
Bender says: "Woo!"
Wernstrom says: "And so, to recognise your achievements, I hereby award you the Nobel Prize..."
Wernstrom says: "..."
Wernstrom says: "Chemistry."
Everyone applauds.
Farnsworth says: "Care to say a few words, Bender?"
Bender remains silent. Fry waves his hand across his eyes.
Fry says: "He's dead."
Everyone gasps.
Wernstrom says: "When did he die?"
Farnsworth checks Bender's pulse.
Farnsworth says: "About 12 hours ago when the party started."
Wernstrom says: "But he just said, "Woo."
Farnsworth says: "No, that was air escaping from the folds of his fat."
Farnsworth says: "Goodnight, sweet prince."
Farnsworth says: "You were the greatest man any of us will ever know."
Farnsworth says: "Well, let's get him out of here."
Farnsworth says: "He's starting to smell up the joint."
The rest of the staff roll Bender out and he "Woo's" as he turns over.
Narrator says: "You watched it, you can't un-watch it."
Narrator says: "Stay tuned for more Tales of Interest!"
The What-If Scenario ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
Farnsworth says: "Who else has a question for the What-If machine?"
Farnsworth says: "Scruffy?"
Farnsworth says: "Katrina?"
Farnsworth says: "Xanthor?"
Fry says: "Ooh, I have one."
Fry says: "I'm good at video games and bad at everything else."
Fry says: "That's why I wish life were more like a video game."
Farnsworth says: "Can you put that in the form of a question?"
Fry says: "Uh, what if that thing I said?"
Farnsworth lights a stick of incense.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, great machine, we beseech thee."
Farnsworth says: "What if life were more like a video game?"
[What-If Scene says: "A video game ship flies around shooting asteroids like in the game Asteroids and lands in the Planet Express hangar."
[What-If Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[What-If Scene says: "The crew walk in."
[What-If Scene says: "Farnsworth and Hermes sit on the couch watching TV."
Nixon says: "Good evening, ignorant pigs."
Nixon says: "Put down your crack pipes and your beer bongs and pay attention as I sign an historic peace accord with Ambassador Kong of planet Nintendu 64."
Donkey Kong stands next to Nixon holding a barrel over his head.
Fry says: "Wait a second!"
Fry says: "I know that monkey."
Fry says: "His name is Donkey."
Farnsworth says: "Monkeys aren't donkeys!"
Farnsworth says: "Quit messing with my head!"
[Cut to says: "UN Building."
Nixon says: "I'll just put the old "John Q."
Nixon says: "Nixon" on it."
Donkey Kong throws the barrel at Nixon and his jar flies off the desk. Everyone gasps. Donkey Kong climbs a ladder.
[Cut to says: "Outside UN Building."
[Cut to says: "Donkey Kong bounces along the roof and the floors collapse."
[Cut to says: "UN Building."
[Cut to says: "Mario, the Italian representative, stands up."
Mario says: "Mamma Mia!"
Mario says: "The cruel meatball of war has rolled onto our laps and ruined our white pants of peace!"
He climbs onto the desk and runs away.
[What-If Scene says: "MilAtari HQ Corridor."
[What-If Scene says: "The Planet Express staff and a man walk."
Man says: "Mr."
Man says: "Fry, rumour has it you know the secrets of the video game Chance."
Man says: "Please step into the war room."
A message on the war room door tells him he needs the blue key to enter. He holds it up and the door opens.
[Cut to says: "MilAtari HQ War Room."
Man says: "You'll be meeting with General Colin Pac-Man."
Pac-Man says: "Wakka, wakka, wakka, wakka."
Pac-Man says: "Let's get down to business."
Pac-Man says: "What can you tell us about the Nintendians?"
Fry says: "Well, sir, I spent all of ninth grade studying them, except for that day when my eyeballs started to bleed."
A building outside explodes and everyone gasps.
Pac-Man says: "Quickly!"
Pac-Man says: "To the escape tunnels!"
Everyone runs off, wakka-wakka-ing and the background repeats.
[Cut to says: "Pac-Man Screen."
Pac-Man says: "This way, damnit!"
Zoidberg eats the pellets.
Zoidberg says: "Mmm, delicious!"
Zoidberg says: "Just like stale marshmallows!"
Zoidberg says: "Ooh, and a cherry!"
He eats it and carries on running, chasing Fry.
Fry says: "Hey, watch out!"
Zoidberg eats him.
Zoidberg says: "Uh-oh!"
Leela says: "Oh, my God!"
Leela says: "He ate Fry!"
Leela says: "Fry is dead!"
Fry slides up behind them.
Fry says: "It's OK."
Fry says: "I had another guy!"
Everyone cheers.
[What-If Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[What-If Scene says: "Pac-Man and the staff come out of the end of the escape tunnel, gasping."
Pac-Man says: "Wakka..."
Zoidberg coughs up five pellets, a pixilated cherry, a pixilated pretzel and a key. A shadow creeps over them and crude spaceships start destroying buildings.
Leela says: "Invaders!"
Leela says: "Possibly from space!"
Lrrr opens the window of a ship and leans out.
Lrrr says: "People of Earth, I am Lrrr of the planet Nintendu 64."
Lrrr says: "Tremble in fear at our three different kinds of ships."
Fry says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "It's Saturday night, I have no date, a two-litre bottle of Shasta and my all-Rush mix tape."
Fry says: "Let's rock!"
[What-If Scene says: "Fry's Ship."
[What-If Scene says: "Fry stands at an arcade console listening to Rush's Tom Sawyer."
[What-If Scene says: "He uses the console to control his ship and attack the Space Invaders."
[What-If Scene says: "He shoots and destroys a few ships."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr's Ship."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr sits in a chair and Nd-Nd is at a console in front of him."
Nd-Nd says: "We're losing ships, Lrrr."
Nd-Nd says: "What are your orders?"
Lrrr says: "Increase speed, drop down and reverse direction!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The ships follow his orders."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ship."
[Cut to says: "Fry gulps down some Shasta."
Fry says: "I've still got a trick or two up my sleeve."
Fry says: "Watch, as I fire upwards through our own shields."
Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "He's a madman!"
Bender says: "A madman!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Fry fires up through the shield and destroys several more ships."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ship."
Pac-Man says: "It's working!"
Pac-Man says: "Victory is assured."
Pac-Man says: "My retirement tomorrow will be all the sweeter."
Pac-Man says: "I'm hit!"
Pac-Man says: "So cold!"
He folds over and disappears. Enter Ms. Pac-Man, crying.
Ms. Pac-Man says: "No!"
Fry says: "Amy, tend to the widow Pac-Man."
Ms. Pac-Man says: "Wakka, wakka, wakka."
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr opens the window."
Lrrr says: "Drop down and increase speed."
Fry destroys another ship. Only Lrrr's ship remains. Zoidberg looks up through the window.
Zoidberg says: "One ship is left only."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ship."
[Cut to says: "Everyone cheers."
Leela says: "Come on, Fry!"
Leela says: "Get it!"
Fry says: "It's moving too fast!"
Fry says: "Oh, I could never get the last one."
Fry says: "My brother always got it for me."
Everyone screams.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr's ship slices through Fry's shields."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr opens the window."
Lrrr says: "Drop down, reverse direction, prepare for landing."
His ship lands. A "War Over. Congratulations! Enter Initials." caption appears. Fry enters "ASS" and chuckles.
Time Lapse. The Planet Express staff stand outside Lrrr's ship. Some steps come down and several arcade characters get out along with Lrrr.
Lrrr says: "You are defeated."
Lrrr says: "Instead of shooting where I was, you should have shot at where I was going to be."
Beserk says: "All your base are belong to us."
Q-Bert says: "Where can a guy get a pair of pants around here?"
Fry says: "What do you monsters want?"
Donkey Kong says: "One thing and one thing only: Quarters!"
Donkey Kong says: "A million allowances worth of quarters!"
Donkey Kong says: "No slugs or tokens."
Beserk says: "Fork 'em over!"
Beserk says: "Fork 'em over!"
Farnsworth says: "Forget it, you pixilated pirates."
Farnsworth says: "We need those quarters to do our laundry."
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Right on!"
Leela says: "Sure thing, Professor!"
Lrrr says: "But-But space invaders need to do laundry too."
Lrrr says: "I mean look at Donkey Kong here."
Lrrr says: "Have you smelled his loincloth lately?"
Zoidberg says: "Yes."
Amy says: "Go away!"
Amy says: "We're not giving you our quarters no matter what."
Lrrr says: "Well..."
Lrrr says: "then what if we throw our laundry in with yours?"
Lrrr says: "Would that be acceptable?"
Fry says: "I guess so."
Lrrr takes off his cape.
Lrrr says: "OK, then."
Lrrr says: "That settles that."
Lrrr says: "But if this cape shrinks, consider your species extinct!"
Narrator says: "Bravo!"
Narrator says: "That'll be hard to top."
Narrator says: "I pity the next Tale of Interest."
The What-If Scenario ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
Farnsworth says: "Well, there's time for one last question."
Farnsworth says: "Let's turn to the "Who Ask" machine to see who's next."
He turns the machine on.
Who Ask Machine says: "Um, uh, um..."
Who Ask Machine says: "Amy."
Who Ask Machine says: "I mean Leela."
Amy groans.
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "As an alien who was abandoned on Earth, I've never really belonged anywhere."
Bender says: "Boo-hoo."
She hits him on the back of the head and his eyes fly out and hit Fry.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Bender looks around for his eyes.
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "where?"
Leela says: "So my question is this: What if I found my true home?"
Leela says: "Ow!"
She falls over unconscious.
[Cut to says: "Leela's Dream."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler wakes up Leela in the ships cockpit."
[Cut to says: "She is dressed like Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz and the scene is in a sepia tone."
[Cut to says: "Leela looks around."
Leela says: "Where are we?"
A tornado blows outside the ship. Scruffy, wearing a pointed hat, flies past on a broom and cackles. The ship crashes.
[Scene says: "Outside Ship."
[Scene says: "Leela climbs down the steps."
[Scene says: "The ship is on its side."
Leela says: "Nibbler, I don't think we're in New New York anymore."
Leela says: "Ooh!"
Leela says: "Nice boots!"
Nibbler sniffs them but recoils. Enter Cubert, Dwight, Tinny Tim, a Neptunian elf, a Grunka Lunka and Glurmo all dressed in colourful clothes.
Cubert says: "Look, everyone!"
Cubert says: "She killed the Man-Witch of the West!"
Everyone cheers.
Leela says: "A witch?"
Leela says: "That explains how these boots magically appeared on my feet."
She indicates her feet.
Small Glurmo #1 says: "No, you stole them."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "We saw you."
Leela says: "Well..."
Leela says: "i-it's hard to find shoes that fit me."
Leela says: "So, anyway, who are you people?"
Leela says: "Haven't I seen you in some copyrighted movie?"
Nibbler eats him. Amy, wearing a pink dress and holding a wand, floats down from the sky in a bubble. She bursts it.
Amy says: "Greetings, Leela."
Amy says: "I'm the Cute Witch of the North!"
Leela says: "Yeah..."
Leela says: "Can anyone fix my ship so I can get home?"
Amy says: "Abraca-duh!"
Amy says: "Just ask the Professor."
Amy says: "He lives in the Emerald Laboratory down Martin Luther King Boulevard."
Leela says: "You mean that yellow brick road?"
Amy says: "The city council renamed it in 1975."
Amy says: "Ooh!"
Amy says: "Those are great shoes!"
Leela says: "Oh, thank you."
Amy says: "Do they come in women's sizes?"
Leela presses a button on her wrist machine and the steps come out of the ship and crush Amy.
[Scene says: "Martin Luther King Boulevard."
[Scene says: "Leela walks down the road and passes a scarecrow in a field that looks like Fry."
[Scene says: "A crow lands on some corn."
Fry says: "OK, crow, prepare to be scared."
Fry says: "And then, "honk, honk," the car honked its own horn!"
Leela says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "A talking scarecrow."
Leela says: "Wanna come with us to see the Professor?"
Leela says: "He might be able to give you a brain."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "That's not a nice thing to say."
Bender says: "Beer!"
Bender says: "Beer!"
Leela says: "Whiskey OK?"
She pours some into his mouth and he belches fire, igniting Fry's arm. Fry pats out the flames.
Bender says: "Now did you say you were off to see the Professor?"
Bender says: "'Cause I could use a heart -- a human heart."
Bender says: "I need to pump a lot of blood out of my basement."
A yellow cab pulls up and Zoidberg steps out.
Zoidberg says: "And I'm the other guy, courage."
Zoidberg says: "Not enough of it."
Zoidberg says: "Need some from whatshisname."
Time Lapse. The gang skip down the yellow brick boulevard.
[Cut to says: "Mom's Castle."
[Cut to says: "Mom, the witch, watches it on her TV."
[Cut to says: "The picture crackles and she hits the TV repeatedly."
Mom says: "Damn this DSL!"
Mom says: "Fly, my stupids!"
Mom says: "Fly out and get them!"
Igner says: "But, Mom, you promised you'd bake monkey cake today."
Mom says: "By "monkey cake" I meant your ass!"
She slaps them and they fly away.
[Cut to says: "Martin Luther King Boulevard."
[Cut to says: "The foursome continue to skip."
Fry says: "Man, we've been skipping for hours."
Fry says: "I need to pull over and take the wiz."
Walt, Larry and Igner swoop down and take Fry, Leela and Bender.
Zoidberg says: "What, do I smell or something?"
He sniffs his armpit and groans.
[Scene says: "Mom's Castle."
Leela says: "Why did you bring us here?"
Zoidberg says: "And why did I have to take a cab?"
Mom says: "I'll tell you why I brought you here, you twice-baked barf bags: Because I've always wanted a daughter to love."
Mom says: "You want to get adopted, you little skank?"
Leela says: "And live here?"
Leela says: "And be a witch like you?"
Leela says: "Yeah, alright."
Leela says: "As long as I get to hurt people and not just dance around at the equinox."
Mom says: "Absolutely."
Leela says: "Oh, Mommy!"
Leela says: "I found my true home!"
They hug and Zoidberg, Fry and Bender cheer.
Bender says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "That's great, Leela."
Bender says: "I've heard worse excuses to drink."
Bender says: "Oops!"
Purple smoke emanates from Mom.
Mom says: "I'm melting!"
Mom says: "Oh, who would have thought a small amount of liquid would ever fall on me?"
She melts until there is nothing left of her but a puddle.
Bender says: "Well, no point letting her go to waste."
He takes a straw out of his chest cabinet and drinks the puddle of Mom.
[Scene says: "Outside The Professor's Laboratory."
[Scene says: "A cab pulls up outside the green building which looks like the Planet Express building and everyone gets out."
[Scene says: "Leela knocks on the door and Hermes slides a peephole across."
Hermes says: "Yes?"
Leela says: "We're here to see the Professor."
Hermes says: "No one sees the mighty Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Who's there, Hermes?"
Farnsworth says: "Is it visitors?"
Farnsworth says: "I want to see them."
Hermes says: "He's not here."
Leela says: "Oh, for the love of Benji!"
She pokes him in the eyes and opens the door. The four walk in.
[Cut to says: "The Professor's Laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth, with a big head, stands behind a curtain."
Farnsworth says: "I am the Professor, great and..."
Farnsworth says: "uh..."
Farnsworth says: "forgetful!"
Farnsworth says: "Now, what do you nice kids want?"
Zoidberg says: "Nothing!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm leaving."
Zoidberg says: "But if you have extra courage I'd haul it away for you, maybe?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, blithery poop, my cowardly lobster!"
Farnsworth says: "You don't need courage."
Farnsworth says: "After all, who needs courage when you have a gun?"
He hands Zoidberg a gun and he takes it, spins it around on his claw and mimics gunfire.
Zoidberg says: "No, world, you put your hands up!"
Farnsworth says: "And you, lad, all you need is brain."
Fry says: "Why does everyone keep saying that?"
Bender takes Zoidberg's gun.
Bender says: "This is a stick-up."
Bender says: "Gimme the bag, old man!"
Farnsworth chuckles.
Farnsworth says: "Here you go, my friend."
Farnsworth says: "5000 Professor Land fun bucks."
Bender says: "Oh, crap."
He fans the notes. Farnsworth turns to Leela.
Farnsworth says: "As for you, young lady, you want to go home, right?"
Leela says: "No, not anymore."
Leela says: "I wanna stay here and become the new Wicked Witch."
Farnsworth says: "Nonsense."
Farnsworth says: "Now click your big, honking boots together three times and wish to go home to Kansas, to live in poverty with your dirt-farming, teetotalling aunt and uncle."
Leela says: "Uh, alright."
Leela says: "Here I go."
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "Help!"
Leela says: "What's happening?"
Zoidberg says: "Uh, sorry."
Zoidberg says: "I think there's a problem with your upstairs toilet."
He stands on the stairs, pulling up his scrubs. Leela moans as she melts.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "Bender throws a bucket of water on her."
Bender says: "Wake up!"
Leela coughs and splutters.
Fry says: "Leela, are you alright?"
Fry says: "You got wanged on the head."
Leela says: "I was having the most wonderful dream."
Leela says: "Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there."
Fry says: "Never mind, Professor."
Fry says: "She came to."
Enter Farnsworth with a box marked "Leela's Organs".
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Farnsworth says: "So close."
Hermes puts his hand on Farnsworth's shoulder.
Hermes says: "There's always next year, Professor."
Hermes says: "There's always next year."
Closing Credits.