Opening Credits.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of Citihall."
[Scene says: "A banner under the now dated logo reads "e-Waste Not, e-Want Not"."
[Scene says: "A huge crowd is gathered outside as Mayor C."
[Scene says: "Randall Poopenmeyer makes a speech."
Poopenmeyer says: "As mayor, it is my deeply tedious pleasure to kick off the 83rd or 84th Annual e-Waste Recycling Festival!"
The camera cuts to the crowd, some of whom are carrying old machines like Apple computers from 1984.  The camera stops on Bender, Fry, and Leela.
Bender says: "Down in front!"
Zoidberg is seen with the fin on his head.
Zoidberg says: "Sorry, I get aroused in crowds."
The fin disappears.
<poem>Farnsworth says: "These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "I'll rest easier not knowing where they are."
They throw them away as the camera pans to Amy, Zoidberg, Leela, and Fry carrying an electronic toilet.
Leela says: "So long, overly complicated Japanese toilet!"
Toilet says: "Please."
Toilet says: "I not to throw away."
Toilet says: "I give you, uh, Happy Poopie Time."
Fry says: "Sorry, you know too much."
Fry drops the toilet in the bin as everyone watches it drop.
[Cut to says: "Bender sneaks to a bin in the back of the place and laughs."
Bender says: "Seems like a good place to ditch some evidence."
Bender says: "Flexo?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "What are you doin' in a hazardous wastebin?"
Flexo says: "Haven't you heard?"
Flexo says: "Us bending units are dangerously outdated."
Flexo says: "We overheat, we're radioactive, we cause erectile dysfun—"
Bender closes the door on his bearded twin before he can finish the common side effects.
Farnsworth says: "Who were you talking to?"
Bender says: "No one?"
Bender says: "Your mama?"
Bender says: "Shut up?"
Bender says: "Take your pick."
[Cut to says: "Mayor Poopenmeyer is having his picture taken as he kisses a little robot and then recycles it."
Scoop Chang says: "Scoop Chang, New New York Times Online Podcast blog comments editor."
Scoop Chang says: "Mr."
Scoop Chang says: "Mayor, isn't this e-waste dangerous?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Not at all, Scoop."
Poopenmeyer says: "Not after it's hauled off to the Third World by an expendable team of minimum-wage nobodies."
The camera pans to Farnsworth, Leela, Fry, and Bender.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, nobodies!"
The crew gets angry at Farnsworth.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies past the sun and approaches a brown dirty planet."
The ship flies into its ring which is composed of all old devices.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot."
[Scene says: "The ship lands past many smokestacks and coal factories."
Antarian #1 says: "Greetings, my friends."
Antarian #1 says: "It shan't take long to strip down your clunker."
Leela says: "There's nothing wrong with our clunker."
Antarian #1 says: "Really?"
Antarian #1 says: "Because we can smelt out the deadly, deadly chromium to make rat poison and artificial sweeteners."
Leela says: "No, thanks."
Leela says: "We're delivering e-waste."
Antarian #1 says: "Pity."
Antarian #1 says: "We're halfway done."
The camera cuts to a wide shop of the ship which is now stripped down to its wiring frame.  Another Antarian is stripping down Bender's cavity.
Antarian #2 says: "This thing is 40% chromium."
[Cut to says: "A closeup shot of one of the smokestacks."
[Cut to says: "A bird flies through the smoke and becomes a skeleton."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans down to show Fry, Leela and the no longer stripped Bender carrying one of the recycling bins being led by the first Antarian."
Antarian #1 says: "Gentle now."
Antarian #1 says: "Gentle with the hover dumpster."
They stop and break the hover dumpster revealing all the old e-waste.  The Antarian takes out a can of flammable oil.
Antarian #1 says: "Ready for processing!"
Fry says: "What smells like bloody sinuses?"
Antarian #1 says: "We burn your e-waste down to the usable metals, safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water."
He indicates a rather frail looking dog licking from a dirty puddle of water.  It pants as its tail becomes dismembered.
Leela says: "Uch!"
Leela says: "That's the worst thing I've ever seen!"
Antarian #1 says: "Really?"
Antarian #1 says: "Then don't look over there."
Antarian #1 says: "Okay, kids, let's play Find the Shiny!"
The kids rummage through the e-waste and cough but still manage to find something shiny.
Leela says: "That's even more horrific!"
Leela says: "Is all the work done by children?"
Antarian #1 says: "No."
Antarian #1 says: "Not the whipping."
We hear three whip cracks.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Planet Express living room."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender are on the couch, Leela is standing up, while everyone else is sitting at the table."
<poem>Leela says: "Granted, we later learned some positive things about recycling."
<poem>Leela says: "But a better solution is to use our electronics as long as possible, instead of throwing them out in the first place."
<poem>Leela says: "I'm gonna start by keeping my old cell phone, even if it is outdated."
Leela opens the cell phone to reveal that it is an old rotary cell phone.
Phone says: "Hello, Miss Turanga, your call to St."
Phone says: "Louis has gone through."
Bender says: "The batteries in the remote are gettin' low."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "Put that back and turn it on!"
Bender says: "I was just tryin' to help."
Morbo is seen on the television next to a graphic of a cat hanging from a tree with the caption "Death Plunge".
Morbo says: "More on this breaking puff piece after a word from our sponsor."
An advertisement that is a parody of Apple iPhone commercials comes on.
Announcer says: "WIth the new eyePhone, you can watch, listen, ignore your friends, stalk your ex, download porno on a crowded bus, even check your E-mail while getting hit by a train."
Announcer says: "All with the new eyePhone."
Mom says: "From Mom."
Leela says: "A new eyePhone?"
Leela says: "Forget this junk."
Phone says: "Well, this is a fine howdoyoudo."
Hermes says: "So long."
Fry says: "Sayonara."
Amy says: "Buh-bye."
Zoidberg says: "Good riddance."
Bender says: "Yep."
Farnsworth says: "Toodle-oo!"
Leela says: "Come on!"
Leela says: "Let's buy some eyePhones on line!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry, Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, Farnsworth and Hermes walk out the door and come to a sudden stop."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "I thought we were buying our eyePhones online."
Leela says: "We are on line."
It is revealed that they are at the end of what seems to be a pretty long line.
Fry says: "But I thought the Mom Store was across town."
Amy says: "It is across town."
Whip pan to reveal that the store is indeed all the way across town by the look of the line.  Cut back to the Planet Express crew.
<poem>Fry says: "But I thought—"
Bender says: "Stop thinking, Fry!"
[Scene says: "Later that night."
[Scene says: "Pan down from the moon to reveal practically all of New New York still in line moving very slowly."
Fry says: "I feel like a mindless zombie."
Fry says: "I wish I knew how long we've been waiting."
Beeler says: "The eyePhone has an app for that!"
Bender says: "Is there an app for kissin' my shiny metal ass?"
Beeler says: "Several!"
Bender says: "Ooooooh!"
The line continues to march down the street gradually.  Eventually, they reach a bright light, which startles Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, no!"
Farnsworth says: "The light!"
Farnsworth says: "I guess I'm off to Hell."
Hermes says: "That's the store, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Eh-wha?"
[Cut to says: "Overhead shot of the line."
[Cut to says: "Pan up to the Mom Store, which is a glass cube with a white logo in the shape of Mom's head and hair and two moving posters on the side with four dancing silhouettes of Mom in her fat suit, Walt, Larry, and Igner."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Mom Store."
[Scene says: "We hear generic alternative music inside the store."
[Scene says: "We see more moving posters with the dancing silhouettes."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express crew walks inside."
Amy says: "Shwow!"
Amy says: "It's that obscure underground song that's constantly playing everywhere."
On one of the video screens, the silhouette of Mom in her fat suit stops dancing, walks into the light and fills the entire screen.
Mom says: "Hello, dearies."
Mom says: "Welcome to the Mom Store."
Mom says: "The new eyePhones are in short supply, so please form an orderly—"
Bender says: "Outta the way!"
Ignoring Mom's advice, the crowd turns into a mob as they each try to get to a register.  Fry finally reaches one.
Fry says: "Are there any left?"
Salesman says: "There may be one."
The salesman puts his hand behind a curtain.  Behind the curtain we see there are robots dispensing probably thousands of eyePhones.
Salesman says: "Okay, it's $500, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold a charge and the reception isn't very—"
Fry says: "Shut up and take my money!!"
Mom says: "The new eyePhone is wonderful."
Mom says: "I use it to check recipes and send threatening e-mails to unauthorized third party app developers."
The salesman opens the eyePhone box.
Fry says: "Say, you're from one of those ethnicities that knows about technology."
Fry says: "Why's it called an eyePhone?"
Salesman says: "I'll explain after I install it."
Takes the eyePhone out and sticks it deep into Fry's right eye.  He screams from the pinching pain until he blinks, which activates the eyePhone screen in front of him.
Fry says: "Neat."
Mom says: "But my favorite app is called "Twitcher"."
Mom says: "here's a twit now."
Larry says: "Hi, Mom, I love you more than Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar—"
eyePhone says: "Low battery."
Mom blinks her eyes and turns the phone off.
Mom says: "But don't take my word for it."
Mom says: "Unbiasedreviews."
Mom says: "mom says, "Twitcher is the Killer App!"
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Mom's Friendly Robot Company."
[Scene says: "Mom, out of her fat suit, is watching the video screen in her office."
Mom says: "And when I say, "killer app", I mean, "KILLER app!"
Mom laughs evilly, and the video screen shows the dancing silhouettes which are no longer dancing, but laughing along with her.  But the silhouette of Mom, as always, slaps her sons' silhouettes.
Announcer says: "And now, another downloadisode of "The Real Housewives of Sim City"!"
[Scene says: "Interior shot of a Sims-style house."
[Scene says: "Two Sims-looking women are watching a blonde Sims woman keep bumping into the wall."
Sims Woman says: "She needs to reset."
Sims Woman says: "I'll say it to her face."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Amy, Zoidberg, Bender, and Hermes are all sitting around the meeting table enjoying their eyePhones."
Fry says: "No wonder traditional media is dead!"
Fry says: "Check out this webisode of Hypnotoad."
Fry blinks his eyes to activate a webisode of Everybody Loves Hypnotoad.  He clicks play, and the webisode lasts exactly one second.  The play icon appears on screen with the caption "Play again?".
Bender says: "Enjoy your outdated format, Grandpa."
Bender says: "Nowadays, cool kids like me mash up our own phoneisodes."
Bender clicks play.  The episode begins with Calculon holding an envelope and Monique looking in sadness.
Calculon says: "It's from the kidnappers."
Calculon says: "My nephew is alive and he's..."
Calculon says: "in this envelope."
Calculon's Nephew says: "They cut off one of my dimensions!"
Calculon says: "No."
Calculon says: "No!"
The episode pauses as a hastily inserted video of Bender gets inserted into the episode.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "It's Bender!"
Bender says: "He'll save us!"
Cut back to Fry, who is relaxing, when his head shakes and we hear a bell ringing.  A telephone icon is shown on the eyePhone screen.
Fry says: "What's happening to me?"
Fry says: "Is it puberty?"
Bender says: "It's a phone call, dingus."
Fry says: "These eyePhones are phones, too?"
Bender says: "Duh!"
Fry picks up the phone and on the screen is Leela driving the ship.
Fry says: "Fry-lo."
Leela says: "Hi, Fry."
Leela says: "Did you know these eyePhones are phones, too?"
Fry says: "Duh."
Fry says: "Hey, is it safe to talk while you're flying?"
Leela says: "and this spaghetti."
Wide shot of the ship's hangar.  Leela accidentally crashes the ship into the building.  She flies out of the ship onto the meeting table, screaming.  She has spaghetti all over her face and hair and is still holding onto the taco.
Leela says: "I'm hanging up now."
Bender says: "Hey, check out this Internet video of some idiot crashing her spaceship!"
Close up on Bender's eyePhone screen.  He clicks play and opens a video of Leela crashing the ship.
Leela says: "You recorded that?"
Bender says: "The eyePhone records everything."
Bender says: "All I did was add a laugh track and twit it to my 10,000 followers."
Bender plays the video again, which now has canned laughter at the end of it.
Fry says: "Oh, that reminds me."
Fry says: "It's time to twit my hourly twupdate."
Fry says: "Scratchin' my underarm fungus."
Fry says: "Lookin' for love."
Fry says: "Send."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Mom's office."
[Scene says: "Mom, Igner, Larry, and Walt are watching Fry's latest twit."
Larry says: "Underarm fungus?"
Larry says: "OW!"
Mom says: "It's exactly the right amount of information!"
Mom says: "For years, I've collected personal data with old-fashioned methods like spybots and infosquitoes."
Pan left to reveal Bolt Rollands with an infosquito sucking information from him.
Infosquito says: "This guy sure loves porno."
Mom says: "But now, thanks to Twitcher, morons voluntarily spew out every fact I need to exploit them."
A red target sign is on screen pointing at Fry.
Walt says: "Target acquired, Mother."
Mom says: "Fire direct marketing algorithm!"
The algorithm is fired.
[Scene says: "Fry walks into another room, still scratching his armpit when a pop-up advertisement appears on his eyePhone screen."
Man says: "Do you suffer from the heartbreak of..."
Man says: "?"
Fry's Voice says: ""—"
Fry's Voice says: "my underarm fungus."
Man says: "Then, you, Mr."
Man says: "or Mrs."
Man says: "..."
Man says: ", need the soothing relief of Mom's Caustic Anti-Fungal Bleach!"
The product appears on the screen.
Fry says: "Ooh, can I somehow charge it to my eyePhone for an additional fee?"
Mom says: "Hell, yes!"
Ad says: "Hey, fatso, stuffa you face!"
Hermes says: "Attention followers: It's Free Topping Day at the pizza place across the street!"
Hermes says: "Send."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the pizza place across the street."
[Scene says: "Bender, Hermes, Leela and Fry are seated at a table there."
Leela says: "Duh."
Leela says: "That's why we all came over here for lunch."
Leela says: "Send."
Bender says: "Can you believe 50,000 idiots swallow that crap?"
Bender says: "Send."
Bender says: "Oops."
Fry says: "You have 50,000 followers?"
Fry says: "I only have three."
Fry says: "Send."
Fry sends the twit, which only Bender and Hermes receive.  They look at Leela.
Leela says: "I unsubscribed yesterday."
Bender says: "I got the most followers cuz I give the people what they want, like this video of you doin' karate in your underpants."
Bender opens a video of Fry in his Robot Arms apartment attempting to do karate in his underpants.  He tries to chop the coat hanger but falls on his stomach and the coat hanger falls on him.
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "Police!"
Bender says: "Send."
Fry says: "That is low, Bender."
Fry says: "Even by your standards."
Bender says: "My what, now?"
Fry says: "Since when is the internet about robbing people of their privacy?"
Bender says: "August 6, 1991."
Fry says: "I'll bet I can get as many followers as you without sinking to your level."
Fry says: "What do you say?"
Fry says: "First one to a million followers wins a buck."
Bender says: "Send."
Fry says: "What happens to the loser?"
Bender says: "Let's make it interesting."
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the back of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "We see a goat vomiting into the hot tub."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender watch."
[Scene says: "Leela and Amy enter the disgusting scene."
Amy says: "Splech!"
Amy says: "Why is Mr."
Amy says: "Chunks doing that?"
Bender says: "Because the loser of our bet has to do a double somersault into a tub of alien goat vomit."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "Let's make it interestinger!"
Fry says: "Vomit and diarrhea!"
The back end of Mr. Chunks begins to exude green diarrhea.
Bender says: "Good idea!"
Bender says: "That way, we don't waste an end!"
Leela says: "Eg, it's putrid!"
Leela says: "What do you feed him?"
Bender says: "What comes out one end we feed to the other."
Bender says: "Also Indian food."
Bender says: "Let the contest begin!"
[Montage says: "We see a "Twit Meter" with two thermometers and follower counters, one for Bender, who currently has 50,000 followers, and one for Fry, who currently has only 37."
[Montage says: "We see a video being recorded of Farnsworth doing an experiment with Diet Solarmanite and Mentos."
[Montage says: "He drops all the Mentos in the drink, it explodes."
[Montage says: "Literally."
[Montage says: "He ends up setting himself on fire."
[Montage says: "It is revealed that Bender was the one recording that."
[Montage says: "As a result, his Twit Meter goes up to 200,000 followers."
[Montage says: "Next, we see Fry recording a video in front of a whiteboard with "My Politicle Views: Part 56 Tariffs" on it."
[Montage says: "We don't hear what he's saying."
[Montage says: "As a result, his Twit Meter goes down to 19 followers."
[Montage says: "Next we see Amy in front of the same whiteboard wearing a bikini and pumps."
[Montage says: "Again, we see that Bender is recording that video."
[Montage says: "His Twit Meter goes up to 800,000 followers."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Mom's office."
[Scene says: "Mom is watching the Twit Meters on her computer."
<poem>Mom says: "Amazing."
<poem>Mom says: "Some dumb bastard has nearly a million other dumb bastards following his every twit."
<poem>Mom says: "Are you dumb bastards listening to me, you dumb bastards?"
Igner says: "Why are you so angry, Mommy?"
Mom says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Mom says: "I guess I'm just a little nervous about my evil plan."
Mom says: "YOU DUMB BASTARDS!!!"
Mom says: "You see, the plan is about to enter phase two."
Mom says: "As soon as someone reaches a million followers, I'll use them to transmit..."
Mom says: "the Twitworm!"
Mom pushes a button near the video screen, which shows a simulation.
Walt says: "Oh, Mother, you devious hag, tell us more about this "Twitworm"."
Mom says: "It's a very special computer virus, for instead of infecting computers, it infects..."
Mom says: "the human brain!"
Infosquito says: "I like it!"
Mom says: "The million followers will become an army of zombies eager to obey my every command!"
Larry says: "The important thing is we're a family."
Mom says: "NO IT'S NOT!"
She slaps Larry and Igner who hit each other and then Walt a few times.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the back of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Chunks is still vomiting."
[Scene says: "The camera cuts to Fry watching, while Leela and Amy lounge in their swimsuits with clothespins on their noses."
[Scene says: "We hear a sneeze."
Amy says: "Ew!"
Amy says: "He sneezed in it!"
Fry says: "Oh, God, I'm gonna lose the bet!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna have to swim in the juice of the puke-me-poop-yu!"
Amy says: "Don't give up."
Amy says: "You just need more titillating twits."
Fry says: "Trust me, I want twits that tittle."
Leela says: "Then you're gonna have to sink to Bender's level."
Leela says: "Stop acting like the Queen of England."
Female Voice says: "La la la la la la la!"
Fry says: "Whose that?"
Fry says: "The Queen of England?"
Fry says: "That was odd."
Fry says: "Where'd that singing come from?"
Amy says: "It wasn't the goat."
Amy says: "All of its orifices are in use."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Planet Express bathroom."
[Scene says: "Fry opens the door and walks in with his eyePhone on recording."
[Scene says: "He sees Leela at a sink washing up."
Female Voice says: "I dreamed a dream in time gone by..."
Leela says: "When hope was high and life worth living."
Female Voice says: "When hope was high and life worth living."
I dreamed that love would never die.
Leela lifts the bottom of her swimsuit to reveal that the singing was coming from a boil on her butt.
Susan says: "I dreamed that God would be forgiving."
Fry screams.
Fry says: "What the hell is that?"
Leela says: "Nothing."
Susan says: "I'm not nothing!"
Susan says: "All my life, everyone's called me, "nothing"!"
Fry says: "You have a boil on your butt that sings showtunes with you?"
Leela says: "Don't look at me!"
Leela says: "I'm a freak!"
Fry says: "No, no."
Fry says: "Well..."
Leela says: "I've been ashamed of Susan as long as I can remember."
Fry says: "You named your boil Susan?"
Susan says: "A boil cannae have a name."
Susan says: "He also said a boil cannae sing."
Susan says: "But..."
Fry says: "Ew, she's Scottish!"
Leela says: "It's hard enough being a cyclops, but if anyone found out about Susan, I'd be devastated."
Fry says: "Woah, gross."
Fry says: "Million follower gross."
Leela says: "Fry, delete that!"
Leela says: "Delete that right now!"
Fry blinks and turns his eyePhone off.
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "Okay."
Fry blinks and turns his eyePhone back on.  A still of the video is shown on the screen with two buttons, one that says "Send" and one that says "Delete".  Fry looks through the screen and sees Bender walking to the hot tub humming to himself.
Bender says: "So much for a pleasant swim in vomit."
Fry, in a fit of jealousy decides to send this titillating twit.
Fry blinks and turns his eyePhone off.
Leela says: "Did you delete it?"
Fry says: "Eh."
Leela says: "Thanks, Fry."
Leela says: "You're a good friend."
Fry says: "Ih."
We see the video of Susan singing and being popped again.
[Scene says: "New New York, a construction site."
[Scene says: "Sal and Hoschel are watching the video on their eyePhones on their lunch break."
[Scene says: "They laugh."
<poem>Hoschel says: "HOOOOOOOOOO!"
Sal says: "Whoa-whoa-whoas!"
Sal says: "If it ain'ts the world's number ones internet sensation!"
Leela says: "Where?"
Leela says: "Also, what?"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "We hear the video again."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Leela goes past the door and hears Susan and takes a look."
Leela gasps when she sees all the crew members watching the video on the holographic projector and laughing.
Hermes says: "Play it one more time!"
Farnsworth says: "No!"
Farnsworth says: "It's humiliating and degrading to Leela!"
Farnsworth says: "Play it ten more times!"
Fry says: "not swimming in barf might ease my conscience."
Zoidberg says: "But if Leela should find out, her dignity sac will rupture."
Fry says: "That's why we can't let her see this."
Fry says: "Leela, lock the doors so Leela doesn't—"
Fry says: "EEEEE!"
Leela says: "How could you do this?!!"
Leela says: "!!"
She runs out crying.
[Montage says: "Leela walks down the streets of New New York at night only to pass by a crowd of people laughing."
[Montage says: "She sees that they are watching the video being projected from the Statue of Liberty's giant eyePhone screen."
[Montage says: "She runs away."
[Montage says: "The next day, Leela waits to cross the street when a couple of human kids and an alien kid come by with autograph books."
[Montage says: "Leela thinks that they want her autograph but the human girl shakes her head and walks over to Leela's butt."
[Montage says: "She runs from them."
[Montage says: "That evening, Leela attempts to walk out of Elzar's Fine Cuisine in disguise, but a la Marilyn Monroe in The Seven Year Itch, she walks over an air conditioner that exposes her butt and paparazzi take pictures of Susan, who just smiles, while Leela sobs again."
[Scene says: "Back of Planet Express."
[Scene says: "POV shot from Mr."
[Scene says: "Chunks, with his legs up in the air and flies buzzing around him."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Amy are gathered around the motionless alien goat."
Amy says: "Poor Mr."
Amy says: "Chunks."
Amy says: "At least he died doing what he loved."
Bender kicks him into the hot tub.
Bender says: "He's in a better place now."
Pan up to reveal a window where Scruffy is setting up a diving board for the loser.
<poem>Scruffy says: "There."
<poem>Scruffy says: "I turned a regular board into a divin' board."
<poem>Scruffy says: "Mm-hmm."
Pan left to the next window, where Farnsworth is shouting from.
Farnsworth says: "Impending news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "We're about to learn the winner of the bet!"
Bender says: "Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy!"
Bender says: "I hope it's me!"
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Bender, Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy, Fry, and Farnsworth are gathered around watching the Twit Meter on the holographic projector."
[Scene says: "Each counter keeps growing and growing in followers."
<poem>Bender says: "Wait a minute!"
<poem>Bender says: "There's a chance I could lose?"
<poem>Bender says: "That wasn't part of the deal!"
The thermometers finally reach the top.  Pan down to reveal that both Fry and Bender have reached one million followers.
Hermes says: "Sweet Georgia Brown of Kingston Town!"
Hermes says: "It's a tie!"
Hermes says: "Since no one lost, no one has to jump!"
Bender says: "Alright, a tie!"
Bender says: "I win again!!"
Fry says: "Oh, I'm a scuzzball."
Zoidberg says: "Don't feel bad."
Zoidberg says: "At least you're not Leela."
Fry sinks in his chair.
[Scene says: "Mom's office."
[Scene says: "She sees the results of the bet."
Mom says: "A tie?"
Mom says: "This worked out better than I could have hoped!"
Mom says: "Now I'll have two million zombies!"
Walt says: "Actually, Fry and Bender may share some of the same followers."
Walt says: "All we can say for sure is that there will be between one million and two million zombies."
Mom says: "All I can say for sure is..."
Mom says: "Now stop getting slapped and power up the Twitworm!"
Walt runs to a machine with a huge plug, which he plugs in.  Electrical sparks come out of the huge machine.
[Scene says: "The construction site."
[Scene says: "Leela passes by Sal and Hoschel who are once again laughing at a video on their eyePhones on lunch break."
Hoschel says: "It's both disgusting and inspiring, like Jared from Subway."
Leela says: "Okay, I'm a freak with a singing butt boil, but I'm still a human being more or less."
Sal says: "Singin' butts boil?"
Sal says: "That's yesterday'ses news."
Hoschel says: "Like that giant caterpillar what ate Jared from Subway."
Sal says: "Nows us internet geeks gots a whole new video sensation."
Leela says: "So my humiliation is over?"
Sal says: "Who are you?"
Leela runs from them with a smile on her face.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of Momco."
[Scene says: "Three bolts of lightning strikes."
[Scene says: "Mom's office."
Mom says: "And now, to create an unstoppable army of between one and two million zombies!"
Thunderclap and lightning is heard and seen outside.
Igner says: "Uh, shouldn't you wait for the weather to clear up?"
Mom says: "No!"
Mom says: "I give you..."
Mom says: "the Twitworm!"
Mom says: "Send."
On the computer screen are Fry and Bender's faces surrounded by images representing their followers becoming zombies.
[Scene says: "Planet Express living room."
[Scene says: "Bender's antennae beeps."
[Scene says: "Outside the entrance of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Fry is sitting on the curb as his right eye lights up."
Fry says: "Aaah!"
Fry says: "I'm sick of my head doing things!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Leela says: "Fry, I came to talk to you."
Fry says: "No, I came to talk to you."
Leela says: "It looked like you were just sitting there, but whatever."
Fry says: "I am so, so sorry for what I did."
Fry says: "And I know I can never make it up to you."
Leela says: "You don't have to apologize."
Leela says: "In fact, I came to thank you."
Fry says: "I think you mean hit me."
During the following conversation, Fry and Leela are oblivious to the between one and two million zombies passing behind them.
Leela says: "Everyone knows my secret, but no one cares."
Leela says: "I have nothing to hide anymore."
Leela says: "Oh, Fry, thanks to your selfish rudeness, a terrible weight has been lifted from my heart!"
Susan says: "That's not the only place you need a terrible weight lifted!"
Leela sits down, hurting Susan.
Leela says: "Susan and I are agreed."
Leela says: "For the first time in our lives, we're not ashamed of who we are."
Susan says: "I was never ashamed."
Leela says: "Come here."
Leela says: "What stinks?"
Leela says: "Were you rolling around in New Jersey?"
Fry says: "Leela, I knew I could never make it up to you, so I did the next best thing."
Fry says: "I put myself through the same humiliation I put you through."
Fry blinks his eyes and turns on his eyePhone screen.  He plays a video that already acheived 142,000,000 views of himself attempting to dive into the tub of vomit.  However, on the second jump, he breaks the board and hits his head on the ground and drops into the vomit.  Leela laughs.
Leela says: "Aw, you didn't have to do that."
Fry says: "I didn't?"
Fry says: "Damn."
Leela says: "Don't worry."
Leela says: "By tomorrow, no one will remember."
Fry says: "Can I have another hug?"
Leela says: "No."
Susan says: "Oh, hold yer nose an' give it a go!"
Fry has his arms outstretched and Leela decides to give him another hug.  Meanwhile, the zombies have invaded the streets of New New York.  We eventually see that they are walking toward the Mom store.
Mom says: "Introducing the all new eyePhone 2."
Mom says: "0!"
The zombies cheer and take out their money.  Pan up to Momco.  Cut to Mom looking through the window of her office.
Mom says: "Dumb bastards."
Closing Credits.