[Opening Credits. Caption says: "OTHERS ASK, "WHAT IF?"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "" WE ASK, "WHY IF."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes is addressing Fry, Leela, Bender, Amy, and Zoidberg, who are seated around the table."
Hermes says: "So there it is, people."
Hermes says: "Due to budget cutbacks, we will no longer be offering free squid guts in the kitcken."
Zoidberg bursts out sobbing. The Professor hustles in.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, boo-hoo!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Everyone, look at my latest invention."
The Professor puts down a machine resembling an overhead projector. It is labelled BANACH-TARSKI DUPLA-SHRINKER.
Zoidberg says: "Okay."
Amy says: "I like how it's not killing us so far."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It takes any object and makes two smaller copies!"
The crew sounds excited.
Bender says: "Why?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You see..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "As I age, I've been shrinking and feeling colder."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So now I need twice as many sweaters in a smaller size."
Professor Farnsworth says: "First, I scan the old sweater."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now, the matter prism reorganises the raw material into two smaller copies."
The machine starts up. Moving prismatic lights emanate from its seeds. Then, when it stops, a door on the side of the machine opens and two somewhat smaller, identical sweaters are deposited onto the table. The Professor holds them up next to the original.
Fry says: "So that's where babies' sweaters come from!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender is slumped on the couch watching TV."
[Scene says: "Fry enters and joins him."
[Scene says: "On TV, we hear The Scary Door theme."
[Scene says: "Against the backdrop of stars, objects drift toward camera."
[Scene says: "A jockey on all fours with a horse sitting on his back."
[Scene says: "A dolphin playing the trombone with his blowhole."
[Scene says: "A slinky climbing up the stairs."
[Scene says: "A kid blowing a gum bubble that enlarges to become the Earth, then pops and covers his face."
The Scary Door narrator says: "Enclosed as a PDF attachment, a picture of yourself in a boat on a river."
The Scary Door narrator says: "It's a river that flows in two directions."
The Scary Door narrator says: "Make that three."
The Scary Door narrator says: "It's a magic river, that's how."
The Scary Door narrator says: "And it's flowing down the eerie canal to..."
The Scary Door narrator says: "The Scary Door."
The Scary Door narrator says: "That's eerie with two Es."
The Scary Door narrator says: "Consider, if you have the energy, Dr."
The Scary Door narrator says: "Daniel Zenus, an inventor with a terminal case of the lazies."
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "This Robot will do everything for me."
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "Robot, activate yourself and do my research."
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "Ah!"
[Cut to says: "Later."
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "Next, assume my social obligations."
The scientist kicks back in an armchair as the Robot, wearing a dark blue bow tie, offers his arm to the scientist's wife. She takes it and they exit. We see a 12-month clock. The hands spin. Years later, the scientist, now older, is still kicking back as an official enters.
Official says: "Dr."
Official says: "Zenus, for a lifetime of scientific achievement, we present this award to..."
Official says: "Your Robot."
The official gives the Robot a medal and leaves. A boy enters.
Boy says: "Daddy, I love you."
The boy turns away from the scientist and hugs the Robot. The scientist cries.
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "If only I'd programmed the Robot to be more careful what I wished for."
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "Robot, experience this tragic irony for me."
Robot says: "No!"
The scientist pops open a beer and takes a sip.
Dr. Daniel Zenus says: "Ah!"
Back to scene. Bender is still relaxing. He pops open his own beer and takes a sip.
Bender says: "Ah!"
Fry says: "Man, I wish we had a Robot to do stuff."
Bender says: "I know, right?"
The Professor enters.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Bender, thank God I found you in time."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I need someone in the lab immediately to fold my new sweaters."
Bender says: "I'm sorry."
Bender says: "Do you see a Robot in this room named Folder?"
Bender laughs. The Professor sighs.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fortunately, I came prepared with a backup phrasing."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Uh, Bender, would you mind bending my new sweaters?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "There's only two of them."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "You want me to do two things?"
Bender says: "Man, I'd call my lawyer if diallin' the phone wasn't such a hassle."
Bender leaves.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express laboratory."
[Scene says: "Bender enters and sees the two unfolded sweaters."
[Scene says: "He mutters."
<poem>Bender says: "Razzle, frazzle, two things!"
<poem>Bender says: "Howdy, fellas!"
<poem>Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Bender duplicate says: "Go to hell, old man."
Bender says: "I like your attitude."
Bender says: "Let's party."
Bender says: "But, first, fold these two sweaters."
Bender duplicates says: "I'm sorry."
Bender duplicates says: "Do you see a Robot in this room named Folder?"
The mini-Benders chuckle.
Bender says: "Damn, you're cute."
[Montage says: "The three Benders dance in The Hip Joint in the first, ride a bicycle and fall off it, and trick a man at cups and balls."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "The crew loads packages onto the ship."
[Scene says: "The three Benders enter."
Bender says: "Hi!"
Bender says: "I'm Bender, this is my Robot Bender, and this is my other Robot Bender."
Leela says: "Oh, Lord."
Bender says: "They're 60%-scaled replicas of me, Bender."
Leela says: "Does that mean they only do 60% of the work you do or that they actually do more work because they're only 60% as lazy?"
Bender pauses and counts in his fingers, humming.
Bender says: "Shut up."
Bender says: "That's a good one."
The Professor enters, wielding a hovercart of huge toiletries.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Enough good ones, everyone."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We have a delivery to an Alien space giant."
Hermes says: "You'll have to be respectful."
Hermes says: "This customer is fifty-feet tall and sensitive about his appearance."
Amy jumps from inside the ship and looks at items on the cart.
Amy says: "Colossal tooth whitener, mega deodorant, humongous acne cream..."
Amy says: "Aw, and one regular-sized condom."
Bender says: "All that and a small wiener?"
Bender says: "This guy's got it goin' on."
The three Benders laugh.
[Scene says: "The Alien space giant's planet."
[Cut to says: "The planet's surface, day."
[Cut to says: "The Bender duplicates carry the Alien's order to a cave as Bender lies on top of it."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Fry are by their side."
Leela says: "Remember: Don't show any reaction to his appearance."
The Alien, an unattractive giant monster, is applying candle wax to his face, producing a gruesome image. Leela screams.
Bender says: "I hope that's vanishing cream, 'cause that needs to go away."
The three Bender laugh.
Bender duplicate says: "That's cold-blooded."
Leela says: "Shhh!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "It's okay."
Unattractive giant monster says: "I understand."
Unattractive giant monster says: "My unusual appearance makes people nervous."
Unattractive giant monster says: "You used humour to defuse the tension."
Bender says: "Yup."
Bender says: "And there's still a little more tension, so look out."
Bender says: "You so ugly, when trick-or-treaters come to your house, they give you candy."
Bender duplicate #1 says: "You so ugly, when you go to the bank, they ask you to put on a ski mask."
Bender duplicate #2 says: "You so ugly, you crack the Daily Mirror."
Bender duplicate #2 says: "It's a newspaper!"
The Benders laugh. Fry and Leela show their disapprovement by gesturing.
Unattractive giant monster says: "I wish it weren't so, but many of these things are true."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Anyhow, you've lowered my self-esteem a bit more, but I'm sincerely grateful you came all this way to deliver my fungus chizzle."
Fry says: "Don't feel bad, sir."
Fry says: "It's not your fault."
Fry says: "You probably just inherited your appearance from your mother."
Unattractive giant monster says: "What?!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "No one insults my momma."
The monster roars and starts chasing the crew, forcing them to run to the ship. The monster throes a box labeled OXXY 1010 at the flying ship, causing it to lose its way, and grabs it. The ship manages to escape from the monster's hands, but he grabs it once again. Yet a third time, the ship manages to escape, but is grabbed by the monster. The crew screams.
Bender says: "Oh, God!"
Bender says: "Shield your eyes!"
Bender says: "It's like Edward James Olmos on IMAX."
Leela speeds up, causing the monster to be unable to sustain the ship and immediately fall down. The ship finally flees the planet.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender is lying on the couch and each of the two duplicates is lying on a smaller couch."
[Scene says: "There are five bottles of beer and one box of pizza on the table."
A Bender duplicate laughs.
Left Bender duplicate says: "Did you see his face when I said he's so ugly?"
Right Bender duplicate says: "No, I blacked out."
Right Bender duplicate says: "'Cause he's so ugly!"
The three Benders laugh.
Bender says: "Hey, guys, quit reminiscing and grab me two cigars."
Left Bender duplicate says: "One thing each?"
Right Bender duplicate says: "Sounds fair."
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "Make that four cigars."
Bender duplicates says: "You want us to do four things?"
The two duplicates open their chest cabinets, activate the machine, close the cabinets, and begin eating matter. One of them eats van Gogh's painting Sunflowers. One of them steals Hermes' manwich.
Hermes says: "My manwich!"
Bender's duplicates open their chest cabinets and two more Benders jump out of each one. They salute each other.
Bender duplicate says: "What's up, Shorty?"
Bender says: "And that's the story of how one of me became two and two became four, makin' seven total."
Bender says: "The end."
The four smallest Benders place four cigars in Bender's mouth and light them up.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express locker room."
[Scene says: "Leela walks while Zoidberg knits."
Leela says: "I just like having the end locker."
Leela says: "It's not like Amy cares about it at all."
Leela says: "But no, she won't trade with me."
Zoidberg says: "A rat!"
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "She is a rat!"
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "Look!"
Zoidberg points to a very small Bender who is running beside the wall.
Very small Bender says: "Which way to the tiny hookers?"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Amy leaves the shower cabin and screams after seeing an insect-sized Bender below the table."
[Scene says: "Hermes cannot see it."
Amy says: "A big, fat roach!"
Hermes says: "What?"
Hermes says: "I thought I put that away."
Amy says: "No!"
Amy says: "There!"
Amy points to the Bender, who heads for the wall and knocks on a mouse door. The Bender on the other side opens the window.
Bender on the other side says: "Who're you?"
Insect-sized Bender says: "Bender sent me."
The other Bender opens the door. A party of duplicates is taking place inside. Benders are cheering.
Insect-sized Bender says: "Hey, I know that guy!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "The Professor is seated at the table, on which Scruffy places a bowl."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Scruffy, what is that tiny Bender doing in my soup?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Scruffy says: "It appears to be giving you the finger, sir."
Scruffy says: "Enjoy."
[Cut to says: "Place."
[Cut to says: "A Bender duplicate is stuck on a spider web."
Bender duplicate says: "Help me!"
Bender duplicate says: "Help me!"
Bender duplicate says: "I'm too lazy to escape!"
The duplicate gasps after seeing a spider. He burps, burning the spider and the web down in flames. He screams before hitting the ground.
Bender duplicate says: "Ow."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "The crew is seated around the table, on which a mini-Bender finishes eating a golden crayon."
[Scene says: "Two golden, smaller Benders burst out of his chest cabinet, joining several others, who leap across the room."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Amy look at Bender discriminatingly."
Bender says: "What?"
Hermes says: "This place is crawling with yous!"
Bender says: "So there's more Benders around."
Bender says: "As far as I'm concerned, that's good news!"
The Professor enters.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Bad news, everyone!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Look at this infinite series representing the mass of successive generations of Benders."
The holographic projector displays a formula. Amy and Hermes gasp.
Fry says: "Don't wait for me."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's nonconvergent!"
Fry says: "Oh, dip!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Unless we quickly exterminate them, they'll replicate ad infinitum and consume all the matter on Earth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "That's 2046 total Benders we need to destroy."
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "Does that include me?"
The Professor shoots Bender and Bender screams.
Fry and Leela look at the fallen Bender in shock. Bender gets up and opens his chest cabinet, revealing a book labelled HOLY BIBLE with a bullet hole. He opens the book and a small duplicate inside is shown to have been shot in Bender's place. It looks dead.
Bender says: "Too bad he didn't have his own Bible."
Bender throws the duplicate onto the table. The Professor picks it up with a pair of tweezers.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Just 2045 more to go!"
The Professor places the duplicate's body in an insect-collection album.
[Montage says: "The song "Rock and Roll Pest Control" by the Young Fresh Fellows is playing."
[Montage says: "Leela squashes a mini-Bender with her foot."
[Montage says: "Another mini-Bender meets a tiny hooker, a small version of Ruth, gives her money, and is caught in a mousetrap."
[Montage says: "Fry burns a mini-Bender who is leaning against a can of beer and wearing sunglasses by redirecting sunlight to it from a magnifying glass, causing the mini-Bender to explode."
[Montage says: "The Professor stabs an already dead Bender duplicate similar in size to those of the first generation."
[Montage says: "Bender hits one final mini-Bender with a baseball bat, much to the entertainment of Zoidberg, Fry, Amy, and Hermes, with Hermes using a vacuum cleaner to absorb its remains and putting them on the microwave for the crew to eat them like pocorn."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Scene says: "As Hermes counts the Benders, Amy, Fry, Leela, and the Professor watch carefully and Bender drinks beer on the couch."
Hermes says: "2045, 2046."
Hermes says: "That's it."
Hermes says: "We got 'em all except for the big one."
Amy says: "Wait."
Amy says: "This isn't a real Bender."
Amy says: "It's a talking doll from when Bender had that sitcom about the city Robot who moves back to the farm."
Bender doll says: "Shut your pumpkin, bumpkin."
The doll plays a laugh track.
Bender says: "Alright."
Bender says: "So I let one measly Bender get away."
Bender says: "How much harm can one infinitely self-reproducing Robot do?"
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "How could you be so lazy and irresponsible?"
Bender snores.
Bender says: "Wait, what?"
Bender says: "Did someone say I'm great?"
The couch is eaten by a grey substance. The crew gasps.
Bender says: "What's with the grey goo?"
Bender zooms in with his eyes, revealing the substance to be a group of microscopic Benders.
Microscopic Bender says: "Bite my tiny metal ass."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Those jerklings ate my couch."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, God."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We've opened Pandora's fly."
Professor Farnsworth says: "They'll reproduce without limit, consuming all the matter in the world."
Fry says: "Like the Kardashians."
The grey substance consumes Bender's spilt beer.
Bender says: "Now they drank my booze?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "They've gone too far!"
Leela says: "Wait a second."
Leela says: "All Benders are powered by alcohol!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Of course!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Long before the Benders devour the Earth, they'll deplete the planet's booze and die off."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This is a problem that will solve itself."
Bender says: "A problem that solves itself?"
Bender says: "That sounds like a job for me, Bender."
Bender lays back and snores.
[Scene says: "TV, Channel √2 News."
Morbo says: "Our top story: All alcohol on Earth has mysteriously disappeared."
Morbo says: "Consequences are minimal, except among the most hardened alcoholics."
Morbo says: "Linda?"
Linda says: "I can no longer face my children!"
Linda cries.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Fry are seated on the couch."
Leela says: "Crisis averted."
Leela says: "Without alcohol, the Benders are dying off!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express bathroom."
[Cut to says: "An agglomerate of Benders is swept by Scruffy."
Scruffy says: "A greater tragedy my eyes have never beheld."
Scruffy says: "Well, into the terlet."
Scruffy flushes the toilet.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
Bender says: "So sober, so weak..."
Leela says: "Things really worked out nicely this time."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express bathroom."
[Scene says: "The Professor is sleeping in the bathtub, but wakes up after breathing water."
[Scene says: "He tastes the water."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This doesn't taste like old-man water."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Bender, and Zoidberg relax while Leela, Hermes, and Amy work."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Everyone to The Situation Room!"
Back to scene. The Professor is still in the bathtub and the crew is looking at him.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I was lying here, snoozing, dreaming, oddly enough, about bathing in champagne with six of the world's most distinguished scientists, when suddenly I realised my bathwater had been transformed into alcohol."
Bender says: "Alcohol?"
Fry says: "Chug!"
Fry says: "Chug!"
Bender says: "It's like fine cognac with a hint of aged scrotum."
Leela says: "How can this be?"
Leela says: "I thought the Benders drank all the alcohol in the world!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "They did."
Professor Farnsworth says: "But then they made more!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You see, once the Benders reached atomic scale, they began directly manipulating water and CO2 molecules to make alcohol."
Professor Farnsworth says: "In a matter of hours, there will be no more fresh water on Earth."
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "What will I mix with my Scotch?"
[Scene says: "TV."
[Scene says: "The caption WORLD WITHOUT WATER: DAY 6 appears on screen."
Linda says: "Hey, you!"
Linda says: "Good evening."
Linda says: "Who're you calling drunk?"
Linda says: "You're not drunk!"
Linda says: "I'm drunk."
Morbo says: "That's right, Linda."
Morbo says: "Water is now—"
Morbo says: "Now booze and everyone's tetty much protally fitshaced."
Linda says: "Turning to sports, the Indy 500 was today."
Linda says: "There were no survivors."
Back to scene.
Amy says: "This chair is so comfortable."
Amy vomits. Bender laughs.
Bender says: "Classic Amy."
Hermes says: "You wanna see a picture of my boy?"
Zoidberg says: "Sure."
Zoidberg says: "That's your penis!"
Hermes says: "That's my boy!"
Leela says: "I guess this is a..."
Leela says: "Not so bad."
Leela says: "As long as we don't need to use our mental..."
Leela says: "Mental..."
Fry says: "Minds?"
Leela says: "Wha?"
The giant monster arrives on a spaceship.
Fry says: "No, listen."
Fry says: "I..."
Fry says: "freakin' love you."
Fry says: "But I don't throw that word around!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, I know you don't."
Professor Farnsworth says: "That's why I love you."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Are the pizza muffins ready?"
Fry says: "He's here for revenging."
Fry says: "That's why."
Unattractive giant monster says: "No!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "Wait!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "I'm here to apologise."
Leela says: "For your looks?"
Leela says: "Nice one."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Well, yes, actually."
Unattractive giant monster says: "It is sort of related to that."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Can we talk?"
Unattractive giant monster says: "Grabbing your spaceship was not okay."
Unattractive giant monster says: "I lost my cool and I'm sorry."
Unattractive giant monster says: "In group, I learned that I tend to be a bit..."
Hermes says: "Repulsive?"
Unattractive giant monster says: "Sensitive."
Unattractive giant monster says: "So now I'm, like, trying to work on my attitude and project an air of positivity."
Zoidberg says: "You're projecting an air of something."
Zoidberg waves hid hand in front of his face.
Amy says: "You're so stinky, you need right guard and left guard."
Unattractive giant monster says: "I'll take your hygiene advice to heart."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're ugly!"
The Professor laughs maniacally.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "The unattractive giant monster is facing the crew, gathered in the tower balcony, and is shot from behind."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Hey!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "Ow!"
The shot is revealed to have come from a tank driven by Zapp and Kif, who look drunk.
Zapp says: "Yo, freakshow!"
Zapp says: "Your face has been declared a weapon of mass disgusting!"
Kif laughs.
Kif says: "Timeless."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Okay, deep breath, deep breath."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Dr."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Lesterman?"
Unattractive giant monster says: "I'm sorry to bother you, but I think I'm close to a temper-control incident."
Female voice says: "You have reached the office of Dr."
Female voice says: "Judy Lesterman and Dr."
Female voice says: "Ira Rodkiss."
Female voice says: "The office is now closed."
Female voice says: "If this is a pharmacy call—"
The monster shrieks and throws his phone at the tank, partially destroying it.
Unattractive giant monster says: "That's it!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "I promised myself I wouldn't do this, but I..."
Unattractive giant monster says: "I won't stop until your whole planet is as ugly as you perceived me to be!"
Zapp says: "That will take a very long time."
Kif laughs.
Kif says: "Oh, God!"
Kif says: "Stop."
Kif says: "Stop."
Zapp and Kif jump out of the tank just before the monster smashes it. The monster continues destroying buildings. Seated on the couch in the employee lounge, Bender drinks from his pineapple glass as he watches the event live on TV. The monster can be seen from the window.
Bender says: "Ah!"
Fry enters.
Fry says: "Blunder?"
Fry says: "You're the only one who's sober."
Fry says: "You gotta do somethin'."
Bender says: "Haven't I done enough already?"
Fry says: "Please..."
Fry says: "Stop the monster."
Fry says: "Just do that one thing."
Bender says: "Make it zero and you got a deal."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "What if I folded the Professor's sweaters for you?"
Bender says: "Both of them?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "You mean you'll do two things and I only have to do one thing?"
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "To save the world."
Bender laughs.
Fry says: "Sucker."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
Bender says: "Legion of Benders, come onto me."
Bender says: "We have one thing to do!"
Bender duplicates says: "Screw that."
Bender says: "Oh, come on, you lazy jerks."
Bender says: "If we all pitch in, we each only have to do one quintillionth of a thing."
The Bender duplicates sigh.
Bender duplicates says: "Alright."
Bender says: "Whoa."
Bender says: "Big Bender starts right now."
Unattractive giant monster says: "Get a shave, ugly!"
He sighs.
Bender says: "How about some aftershave, dumpy?"
Unattractive giant monster says: "You big bully!"
Bender says: "You ugly nerd!"
Bender says: "Enjoy a nice guggenheim swirley."
Bender says: "Let this beatin' be a lesson about never attacking those more handsome than oneself."
Unattractive giant monster says: "All I wanted was to apologise to you people!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "But now I have to kill you."
Bender says: "How?"
Bender says: "By makin' me look at you?"
Bender laughs.
Unattractive giant monster says: "No."
Unattractive giant monster says: "By makin' you look at..."
Unattractive giant monster says: "My momma!"
Bender screams.
Bender says: "Your momma's so ugly!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "I told you not to talk about my momma!"
Male voice says: "Walk toward the light, Bender."
Bender says: "Aw, man."
Bender says: "Do I have to walk?"
Fry says: "No!"
The monster laughs evilly.
Unattractive giant monster says: "No!"
Unattractive giant monster says: "At last, I'm beautiful."
Bender says: "Yeah, if you're in the grave dust."
The crew cheers.
Fry says: "Bender, you did it!"
Bender says: "No,  Ladies and gentlemen, if together we were able to defeat this giant space monster, think how also we might defeat the monsters of poverty and disease and unliteracy."
Bender says: "In this spirit, I ask my fellow Benders to join me in working diligently to—"
The Bender duplicates boo.
Bender duplicate A says: "Go to hell!"
Bender duplicate B says: "Come on."
Bender duplicate B says: "Let's go some place where we don't have to do one quintillionth of a thing all the time."
The Bender duplicates leave Earth.
Bender says: "Well, that was dumb."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "The Professor, Hermes, Fry, Leela, Bender, Amy, and Zoidberg are seated around the table, suffering from the hangover."
Fry says: "Looks like it's full of dig dogs."
Amy says: "Man, we're way drunk."
Amy says: "What happened, Professor?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Something absolutely incredible!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The sweaters got folded."
The crew gasps.
Zoidberg says: "But how?"
Fry says: "I didn't do it."
Fry says: "Bender, did you learn a lesson about not bein' lazy while the rest of us were bombed out of our gourds?"
Bender says: "Maybe I did, Fry."
Bender says: "Maybe I did."
Bender says: "Or maybe I rescued one last mini-Bender to fold stupid, ugly sweaters while I laughed at him."
Bender says: "I guess we'll never know."
Bender exhales smoke from his cigar towards the camera, revealing that it is not smoke at all, but a cloud of countless mini-Benders, all laughing evilly.
Closing Credits.