Warning This article contains information marked as Mature. In other words, it will have an adult theme and contain scenes and storylines which are unsuitable for readers under 18 years of age. The content on this page is likely to contain sex, language, drugs, alcohol, nudity, and violence.
[Scene says: "A twelve sided dice is rolled and turns 10."
[Scene says: "Dwight, Cubert, an Indian boy and a Chinese boy are playing Dungeons & Dragons."
Cubert says: "Yes, 10!"
Dwight says: "Well done, Cubonius."
Dwight says: "You decapitated the unicorn."
ALL says: "All right."
Chinese Boy says: "Oh, oh!"
Chinese Boy says: "We search his tail pouch for treasure."
Dwight says: "Deep in the unicorn's rump sack, you find..."
Dwight says: "60 gold pieces and a mysterious scrap of cloth bearing the unmistakable stench of dwarf urine."
Indian Boy says: "The same stench that was on the bed linens at the inn?"
Dwight says: "The very same."
Chinese Boy says: "Oh, my God!"
Chinese Boy says: "Oh, my God!"
Chinese Boy says: "Oh, my God!"
Cubert says: "I cast a spell of detect magic."
<poem>Dwight says: "We're not gambling."
<poem>Dwight says: "We're playing Dungeons & Dragons."
Cubert says: "Right now, we're fighting for our lives in the lair of the Dragon Queen."
Bender says: "Ah, wrong."
Bender says: "Right now you're ass-deep in a folding chair."
Cubert says: "Yes, but in my imagination I'm riding a golden Pegasus."
Cubert says: "Giddy up, Sparky!"
<poem>Bender says: "Am I the only one seeing him sitting here with peanut butter on his face?"
Dwight says: "Bender, were you built without an imagination?"
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Don't be stupid, of course not."
Bender says: "It just hasn't descended yet."
Cut to the ship flying through space.
[Scene says: "In the bridge Leela pilots the ship with Nibbler on her lap."
[Scene says: "Fry is playing with some buttons and Bender stares at a console with a sad look on his face."
Bender says: "Fry, do I have an imagination?"
Fry says: "I don't know, Bender."
Fry says: "Why do you ask?"
Fry says: "Were the other boys making fun of you?"
Bender says: "Mhmm."
Bender says: "They said I couldn't imagine things."
Fry says: "Well, you never know unless you try."
Fry says: "Like, I didn't know if I could swallow a softball, so I gave it my best shot and voilà!"
Fry says: "Ah, thar she blows!"
Ship's Computer says: "Warning, out of dark matter fuel."
Leela says: "That's not a warning."
Leela says: "A warning is supposed to come before something bad happens."
Ship's Computer says: "Warning, engines will shut down in one second."
Leela says: "That's more like it."
The ship's engines die and it abruptly comes to a stop, throwing the three crew members out of their chairs. The ship drifts into a shady looking area of space.
Fry says: "Uh-oh."
Fry says: "This space neighborhood looks kind of sketchy."
Punk says: "Rock 'n' roll."
Bender says: "Hey, that punk stole our hood ornament."
Bender says: "Now no one will know we have the LX package."
Leela says: "We need dark matter and we need it fast."
Leela says: "Fry, check Nibbler's litter box."
Leela says: "Maybe he dropped a steamer."
Fry says: "Aye, aye, Captain."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "I've never been so excited to see poop."
Fry says: "Well, maybe once."
He heaves the chunk into a Dark Matter receptacle.
Bender says: "There's gas in our ass."
[Scene says: "The ship flies through an air lock and lands next to a fuel station."
Leela says: "Can you believe the price of dark matter?"
Leela says: "It'd be cheaper to fill the tank with Nobel Prize winners' sperm."
MOM COMPUTER says: "Total dark matter purchased, $632."
MOM COMPUTER says: "14."
MOM COMPUTER says: "Your Speedpass will now be charged."
A bolt of electricity shoots out to Leela's Wristlomojacker and she yells.
Leela says: "You lousy..."
Sal says: "Hey, gets a loads of that ugly ship."
Sal says: "What shades of green is that?"
Sal says: "Puke?"
Leela says: "For your information it's called Electric Mucus."
Hoschel says: "More like puke."
Sal says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "Yeah, why don't you come a little closer so my boot can hear you?"
Bender says: "Calm down, Leela."
Bender says: "You can vent tonight on your blog."
Sal says: "What's the matters, you couldn't affords the LX package?"
Hoschel says: "Puke-a-doodle-do."
Leela says: "You're making fun of our ship?"
Leela says: "Your ship is the most beat-up thing I've ever seen, and I've seen Mickey Rourke's head."
Sal says: "Yeah, she's a little Rourky, but you got to gets big time ugly to be five-time winners at a demolition derby."
Fry says: "That's five more times than we've won or even entered."
Bender says: "We do suck."
Sal says: "Yup, and it's gonna be six winses after tonights."
Leela says: "We'll sees abouts that."
[Scene says: "The crew sits around the Conference Table."
[Scene says: "Scruffy leans on the fridge while looking at a magazine."
Hermes says: "Dark matter costs have tripled, so we must reduce expenses."
Hermes says: "Therefore, we will no longer provide complimentary porno magazines in the lounge."
Scruffy says: "Dern it."
Farnsworth says: "And no more wasting fuel."
Farnsworth says: "From now on I'll be keeping a tight hold on the keys to the ship, swallowing them before I go to bed and recovering them the next morning."
Amy says: "Splech!"
Hermes says: "Professor, it's 4:00."
Farnsworth says: "4:00 in the evening?"
Farnsworth says: "Then, good night."
[Scene says: "Locker Room."
[Scene says: "The crew is showing."
<poem>Leela says: "I don't care what the Professor says."
<poem>Leela says: "We're entering that demolition derby to prove our ship isn't a piece of junk."
Zoidberg says: "But won't that turn our ship into a piece of junk?"
Bender says: "Shut up, Zoidberg."
Bender says: "He's right, Leela."
Leela says: "But we have no choice."
Leela says: "Rednecks insulted us."
Fry says: "So?"
Fry says: "Let it go."
Fry says: "Don't let your temper get the better of..."
Leela says: "Rednecks!"
[Scene says: "Professor's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg and Leela sneak in."
Zoidberg says: "Using this magneto, I will now guide the keys up the thorax and out via the frontal face hole."
Zoidberg says: "That's the storage locker, the boat, the other boat, pay dirt!"
[Exterior shot of Planet Express. The hangar doors open says: "The ship lands in an arena where twenty vehicles are facing each other in a square formation."
the ship blasts out. It speeds through space says: "The ship lands in an arena where twenty vehicles are facing each other in a square formation."
smashes through a billboard that says "SPACE DEMOLITION DERBY - DRIVE SAFELY!" Scene says: "The ship lands in an arena where twenty vehicles are facing each other in a square formation."
Rich Little says: "Greetings, sports fans."
Rich Little says: "Though whether this outpouring of inbreds can in fact be classified as a sport is a subject of no small scholarly debate."
The Planet Express Ship lands next to Sal's.
Sal says: "Well, wells, well, if it ain'ts Princess Pukerella and her pukey puke-mobile."
Leela says: "Oh, yeah?"
Leela says: "Well..."
Leela says: "Shut up."
Bender says: "-Good comeback, Leela."
Leela says: "You shut up, too."
Bender screams.
Rich Little says: "Rich Little, here, as Howard Cosell."
Rich Little says: "And now to grace us with its rendition of the national anthem, please welcome what is left of the Dixie Chicks after their tragic matter transporter accident."
A blob of three humans walks to the centre of the arena. There are legs and arms coming out of the centre of the blob.
The Dixie Chicks says: "We're in horrible pain."
The crowd cheers.
'Rich Little says: "And we are underway."
Vehicles begin smashing into each other. A red truck with a deer strapped to the roof smashes head on into a blue station wagon ship. The deer flies off the hood and smacks onto the glass dome protecting the fans. The Lunar Lander is seen smashing itself onto an Omicronian ship. The blue ship smashes into the disabled red truck. The Planet Express ship flies by them and collides with Sal's ship. Both are sent spinning out of control.
Sal says: "Whoas!"
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "Now we're inflicting."
Rich Little says: "Outstanding!"
Rich Little says: "Tonight we are witnessing a veritable clinic and that ludicrous hullabaloo known as demolition derby."
A Lego Man is driving his ship and collides with a Wrecktor ship. Both break into many pieces.
Sal and Leela are the only two ships left. They struggle to travel towards each other.
<poem>Rich Little says: "Ladies and gentlemen, we are down to our final two ships."
<poem>Rich Little says: "In the storied annals of demolition derby, today will surely be remembered, if only as the day upon which I was absorbed  into that hideous conglomeration once known as the Dixie Chicks."
Leela says: "Buckle your sphincters."
Everybody else on the ship is screaming in terror.
Sal says: "That broad's insanes."
Hoschel says: "But you're insansier, right?"
Sal says: "Nah, I guess nots."
Sal says: "I've decideds to relax and enjoy life from now ons."
They both scream as they steer away from the collision. They crash and when the dust settles the hood pops open and one windshield wiper is working. The crowd cheers. Interior shot of the Planet Express ship shows everybody stunned in horror.
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "We did it!"
<poem>Rich Little says: "And Planet Express takes the trophy."
The ship hobbles back to the Planet Express building and falls into the hangar. Inside, Fry and Amy move a curtain with a drawing of the ship around the smashed one. In Farnsworth's bedroom Leela and Zoidberg attempt to put the keys back in his stomach.
Leela says: "Now, I'll use the magnet to get the keys back in there."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "You mean I cut a big hole in him for nothing?"
Leela says: "Don't worry, the Professor won't even remember that he has a spaceship."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, my precious spaceship!"
Farnsworth says: "My lone source of joy in the cold December of my days."
Farnsworth says: "Come, friends."
Farnsworth says: "Let's take her for a spin to the malt shop like old times."
Leela says: "Leela to Zoidberg."
Leela says: "Execute Distraction Protocol Alpha."
Zoidberg says: "Roger that."
Zoidberg enters the room. He's balancing on a purple yoga ball while juggling four flaming torches.
Zoidberg says: "Look at me!"
Zoidberg says: "Look at me!"
Zoidberg says: "Look at me!"
Zoidberg says: "Look at me!"
Zoidberg says: "Ooh!"
Zoidberg says: "Don't look at me."
The torch sets the whole curtain a blaze and it is quickly consumed. Hermes gasps.
Farnsworth says: "Yes, she's a wonderful ship, all right."
Farnsworth says: "As beautiful now as the day I got botched laser eye surgery."
Farnsworth says: "Great Godzilla's gonads!"
Farnsworth says: "Who wasted precious fuel?"
Farnsworth says: "Answer now or be punished."
Leela says: "All right, fine."
Leela says: "I admit it."
Farnsworth says: "You will be punished."
Cut to the boys playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Chinese Boy says: "Oh, my gosh, 20!"
Cubert says: "Yeah."
Dwight says: "Your pole arm does double damage, and the gelatinous cube dies in horrible poverty."
The boys all cheer.
<poem>Cubert says: "I proceed to cast a spell of darkness."
Indian Boy says: "Most ingenious."
Chinese Boy says: "Ah, Bender?"
Bender says: "Me?"
Bender says: "I, uh cast a spell of darkness."
Bender says: "Pretty imaginative, huh?"
Cubert says: "No, you just did the same thing as me, but with a dumb noise."
Bender says: "Oh..."
Bender says: "You're right."
Bender says: "I'm great in every way except I have no imagination."
Bender says: "All I ever wanted is to play this magical game and I can't."
Dwight says: "Yes, you can."
Dwight says: "You just have to lose yourself in the fantasy."
Dwight says: "You have to believe the impossible is merely preposterous."
Bender says: "Okay."
Bender says: "Here goes."
Bender says: "Visor down."
Bender says: "I believe, I believe."
Bender says: "I did it!"
Bender says: "I imagined something."
Bender says: "For 1."
Bender says: "3 milliseconds, I truly believed I was a noble robot in days of yonder."
Chinese Boy says: "Way to go, Bender."
Cubert says: "What is thy character's name, good sir?"
Bender says: "Uh, um..."
Bender says: "I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood."
The boys cheer as the doors open.
Farnsworth says: "Everybody out of the conference room."
Farnsworth says: "I am calling a conference."
Farnsworth says: "You wasted precious fuel just because you were insulted by some redneck yokel from beyond the stars?"
Leela says: "It was only half a ball."
Farnsworth says: "That's not the point."
Farnsworth says: "Your temper is out of control."
Farnsworth says: "And to think I'd have never even known if it weren't for the lengthy and unsolicited tattling of Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "She also took home two rolls of Scotch tape."
Farnsworth says: "Thank you, Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg."
Farnsworth says: "Hermes, incentivize that employee."
Farnsworth says: "As for you, Leela, I'm letting you off with a warning."
Leela says: "Oh, thank you."
Farnsworth says: "A warning that will be administered by this 50,000-volt shock collar."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, I'm gonna put my boot so far up your cloaca, you'll be..."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth says: "The collar will be triggered any time your thoughts turn to violence."
<poem>Leela says: "Ouch!"
Farnsworth says: "Profanity."
Leela says: "Son of a..."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth says: "Or perversions of a sexual nature."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Hermes says: "Sorry, it's the only collar they had in stock at Office Depot."
Zoidberg says: "I hope you picked up some Scotch tape while you were there."
Bender says: "That's a good one."
He puts his arms around Zoidberg and laughs as Leela struggles to her feet. She grabs Bender's arm and activates the shock collar sending the charge through Bender and to Zoidberg. Zoidberg screams in pain as he is shocked.
[Scene says: "An episode of The Scary Door."
Narrator says: "Imagine, if you will, an announcer you can barely understand."
Narrator says: "He refers to a..."
Narrator says: "*incoherent mumbling* But you're not quite sure what he said."
Narrator says: "He seems to be eating something, or perhaps he's a little drunk."
Narrator says: "It's remotely possible that he just said something about..."
Narrator says: "The Scary Door."
Pan down to a normal farm day. Pan over to a barn with chickens and a tractor around it. Suddenly two UFO's enter and start destroying everything. Soldiers fire artillery and bullets at the hordes of ships.
Soldier says: "Firing, sir!"
Soldier says: "It's all over."
Soldier says: "Our guns and bombs are useless against the aliens."
Farmer says: "The saucers!"
Farmer says: "Theys'a crashin'!"
The saucers are crashing into the ground and barn. A view of a field shows many saucers slamming into the ground and the farmer pulls himself up to watch.
Narrator says: "In the end, it was not guns or bombs that defeated the aliens, but that humblest of all God's creatures, the Tyrannosaurus Rex."
A Tyrannosaurus Rex smacks a UFO to the ground and eats the alien inside. Leela turns off the TV. She is sitting in the lounge with Hermes.
Leela says: "I can't believe TiVo suggested that piece of..."
Leela says: "collar."
Hermes says: "Alas, no."
Hermes says: "I got the key but not the authority."
Leela says: "Yeow!"
Leela says: "Well, who does have the authority?"
Hermes says: "Only the staff doctor."
Hermes says: "You'll have to convince him that you have resolved your anger issues."
[Scene says: "Bender and the boys are playing Dungeons & Dragons."
<poem>Dwight says: "As your dwarf-skin canoe rounds a bend you suddenly see..."
<poem>Dwight says: "A terrifying red dragon."
Bender screams.
Indian Boy says: "What do we do?"
Indian Boy says: "What do we do?"
Bender says: "Wait, I know."
Bender says: "I make use of my rod of fireballs."
<poem>Cubert says: "Everyone knows red dragons are immune to fireballs as well as all other forms of incendiary attack."
Bender says: "Yes, but I aim not at the dragon but at the river itself to create a shroud of steam through which we can escape."
ALL says: "Whoa!"
Dwight says: "Sweet pony of Sierra Leone, it worked!"
Bender laughs victoriously.
Chinese Boy says: "We did it!"
Cubert says: "Success!"
Fry enters the Conference Room sniffing a carton of milk.
Fry says: "Bender, smell this milk."
Bender says: "I go not by the name of Bender, you fleshy fool."
Bender says: "I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood."
Fry backs out of the room. Cut to the Lab where a monkey and Farnsworth stare at each other. They're both wearing headgear connected to tubes. Fry enters.
Fry says: "Professor, something's bothering me."
Monkey says: "Well, you can always talk to me about anything, Fry."
Monkey says: "What's on your mind?"
Fry says: "Well, it's..."
Fry says: "it's about my friend Bender."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Mmm."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "I see."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Show me on this anatomically correct doll exactly where he touched you."
Fry says: "No, it's nothing like that."
Fry says: "It's just that I am worried about him."
Fry says: "He's being playing an awful lot of Dungeons & Dragons."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Dungeons &..."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Good God!"
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Hasn't he seen the Afterschool Special?"
Farnsworth Monkey says: "You've got to talk to him, Fry."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Make him quit now before he completely loses his mind."
Fry says: "Okay, I will."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Good boy."
Farnsworth Monkey says: "Just don't let him touch you down there."
Fry nods. Pan to Farnsworth who is acting like a monkey.
[Scene says: "Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Leela lays on a bed while Zoidberg examines an X-Ray."
Zoidberg says: "Well, here's your problem, right here."
Zoidberg says: "You've got a skull embedded in your head."
Leela says: "You're absolutely right, Doctor."
Leela says: "Can the collar come off now?"
Zoidberg says: "Let me just peel your head a little and see if I can get that skull out."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "So, you tell me, little miss expert, why always with the temper?"
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Calm down for once and think."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Here, enjoy a relaxing spritz from my empathy bladder."
Zoidberg says: "What is it, already?"
Zoidberg says: "What's the cause of your anger?"
Leela says: "I guess I would have to say, I hate you."
Zoidberg says: "I'm beginning to understand."
Zoidberg says: "It all goes back to your parents."
Leela says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "You harbour resentment because they pushed you to study medicine when all you ever wanted was to be a song-and-dance man."
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Zoidberg says: "Whyyy?"
Leela says: "I was raised in an orphanarium."
Leela says: "My parents are sewer mutants who I never even met until a few years ago."
Zoidberg says: "Then you've got to go to them and work this song-and-dance stuff out."
Zoidberg says: "Maybe have them cook me nice dinner."
Zoidberg says: "No scallions."
Zoidberg says: "I hate them."
Zoidberg says: "Amy, cancel my appointments."
Amy says: "Stop calling me."
[Scene says: "Bender's apartment."
[Scene says: "Bender is washing a pot and Fry enters the kitchen."
Fry says: "Bender, please don't get mad, but I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons."
Bender says: "You're absolutely right, Fry."
Bender says: "I almost went insane, but after this heart-to-heart talk, I've decided to quit."
Fry says: "Really?"
Fry says: "Whew!"
Fry says: "That's a load off my toad."
Bender says: "Now, if you'll excuse me."
<poem>Bender says: "On guard, man-wench!"
<poem>Bender says: "Prepare to cross blades."
Hermaphrobot says: "You couldn't afford it, honey."
Cut to Nibbler moving litter to cover of a fresh ball of Dark Matter. Bender jumps next to litter box and startles him.
<poem>Bender says: "Foolish leprechaun, I scoop your treasure in the name of the fancy men."
Hermes says: "He also left a small pile of treasure on the living room rug."
Cut to a Hoverbus Hoverstop. Pan to Bender running toward it, sword drawn, at full speed.
Bender says: "Foul dragon, meet thy doom."
The Hoverbus runs Bender over. He is left crushed in the middle of the street. Pan down the sewer cover to Sewer City.
[Pan across the sewers to the Turanga residence. Scene says: "Inside, Zoidberg, Leela and her parents are eating."
Turanga Munda says: "Would you like a napkin, Doctor?"
Zoidberg says: "Thank you."
Leela says: "Satisfied, Zoidberg?"
Leela says: "My relationship with my parents is fine."
Turanga Munda says: "Now, hold on, Leela."
Turanga Munda says: "Maybe this torture collar is good for you."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "Ow!"
Turanga Munda says: "It'll control your temper."
Turanga Munda says: "Men like a woman who's not always slamming their head in the car door."
Turanga Morris says: "She's right."
Turanga Morris says: "That's what first attracted me to your mother."
<poem>Turanga Munda says: "So, Leela, I understand your friend here is a physician, and I'm not seeing a ring on his claw."
Leela says: "Mom, he's a cockroach from outer space."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Good, Leela, work that anger out."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Excuse me a moment, I'm swarming with parasites."
Turanga Morris says: "Hey, it's what's-his-name from the surface."
Turanga Morris says: "The bi-clops."
Fry says: "Ha-have you seen Bender?"
Fry says: "He's gone nuts."
Fry says: "Also, smell this milk."
Bender comes shooting out of a grate in the wall. He has his sword and a garbage can lid as a shield.
Bender says: "Prepare for a surprise attack."
Everybody screams.
Zoidberg says: "Someone do something."
Leela says: "I would, but..."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Take my collar off."
Zoidberg says: "I can't, I'm still eating."
Zoidberg says: "Help me, Leela."
Leela prepares to attack Bender, but is brought to the floor by a shock from the collar. She chokes to get it off.
Bender says: "I cast upon thee a spell of fireball!"
<poem>Zoidberg says: "No."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Not the spork."
Fry says: "Beholdeth, Titanius, I cast a freeze ray upon you."
Bender says: "That's ridiculous."
Bender says: "There's no such thing as a "freeze ray."
Bender says: "" What, you mean a cone of coldness?"
Fry says: "Yeah, that."
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Fancy men are defenseless against cone of coldness."
<poem>Fry says: "Bender, no."
<poem>Fry says: "When will young people learn that Dungeons & Dragons won't make you cool?"
Zoidberg says: "Relax, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "I'm a doctor."
Zoidberg says: "I'm sure the robut will be just fine with a little help."
Cut to Bender opening his eyes.
Bender says: "Help, help."
[Scene says: "Dr."
[Scene says: "Perceptron's office."
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Please, send in the patient."
Intercom Assistant says: "Yes, Doctor."
<poem>Bender says: "Wee!"
Dr. Perceptron says: "So, I understand you're having trouble separating fantasy from reality."
Bender says: "Says who?"
Bender says: "Was it the bugbear?"
Bender says: "Is he talking about me again?"
Dr. Perceptron says: "I understand."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Commence therapy."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry is reading a pamphlet titled "Mental Illness - It's okay to be ashamed."
<poem>Fry says: "Poor Bender."
<poem>Fry says: "Says here to tell his friends he's at a spa."
Amy enters the room.
Amy says: "So what happened to Bender?"
Fry says: "He's at a spa."
Amy says: "Wow, there's a spa in the nut house?"
Zoidberg says: "Friends, friends, stop everything."
Zoidberg says: "There's food in this shaker."
<poem>Leela says: "Ow!"
<poem>Leela says: "Enough already!"
<poem>Leela says: "Can you please remove this anger collar?"
Hermes says: "Are you still angry?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Hermes says: "It also shocks you when you lie."
Farnsworth says: "Quiet, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "The network news is on and if I, a 165-year-old man, don't watch it, who will?"
Morbo says: "Thankfully, the amazing talking horse was rescued and safely returned to the meat department."
Linda says: "Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage."
Morbo says: "Earlier, our own Morbo sat down with Mom, CEO of Mom's Friendly Multinational Energy Conglomerate."
An opening montage of "Tea with Titans" is shown. Morbo is seen in pictures with Rich Little, Zapp Brannigan, the Space Pope and Billionare Bot.
Morbo says: "Thank you for joining us, Mom."
Mom says: "My pleasure, sugarplum."
Morbo says: "Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine."
Morbo says: "Tell us, why are fuel prices so high?"
Mom says: "Oh!"
Mom says: "It's terrible, isn't it?"
Mom says: "Dark matter is just so rare nowadays, but we'll keep pinching loaf after loaf from the bowels of the earth, even if I lose money on every log."
Morbo says: "If you are losing money, how did you post record profits last quarter?"
Morbo holds up a Quarterly Report book for "Mombil." It shows Mom squeezing a drop of liquid out of the Earth. There is a dollar sign in the droplet. Mom nervously clears her throat.
Mom says: "You look thin, care for one of my famous pecan clusters?"
<poem>Mom says: "Do people care enough to drill for dark matter even in an Alaskan wildlife refuge?"
<poem>Mom says: "People do."
Farnsworth says: "Greedy old hag, taste the wrath of my fuzzy slipper."
<poem>Leela says: "Professor, why are you so hot and dusty over this dark matter shortage?"
Farnsworth says: "Oohh..."
Farnsworth says: "I bet you'd like to know."
Farnsworth says: "I bet you'd like to know, indeed."
[Scene says: "Mom's Dark Matter mine."
[Scene says: "A truck transporting fuel away from the mine drives by a white rabbit."
[Scene says: "When the exhaust dissipates, the rabbit is grey and a polar bear eats it."
[Scene says: "Mom is entering her office, which houses a map of the world, the single non-local metaparticle crystal and a vault, which Larry and Walt are throwing bags of money into."
[Scene says: "When the doors close, Mom pushes one of her buttons and her large dress mechanically folds into her boots."
Walt says: "Hello, Mother."
Walt says: "How did the interview go?"
Mom says: "It made me want to puke my face off."
Mom says: "Where's my Thigh Blaster?"
Larry says: "Right here, Mom."
Mom says: "Shut up!"
Larry says: "Okay, thank you."
Igner pushes a chair over for her to sit on and she begins using her Thigh Blaster.
Mom says: "Burn, you damn thighs."
Mom says: "Burn!"
Igner says: "Mommy, are you upset 'cause of the dark matter shortage?"
Mom says: "There is no shortage, you moronic ass-brain!"
Igner says: "There's not?"
Igner says: "But you said..."
Mom says: "Allow me to explain."
Mom says: "Suppose this hand represents current reserves of dark matter and this hand represents consumer demand."
Igner says: "Uh-huh."
She slaps him with both hands.
Cut back to Planet Express. Farnsworth is still going on while he mixes a fluid in two boiling tubes.
Farnsworth says: "I just bet you'd like to know why I'm so angry about this dark matter shortage."
Farnsworth says: "I bet very much you'd like to know."
Amy says: "You're right, Professor."
Amy says: "We would like to know."
Farnsworth says: "Really?"
Farnsworth says: "I didn't think anyone was interested."
Farnsworth says: "It all started 30-odd years ago."
Farnsworth says: "I was working in Mom's laboratories for the third time after twice before realizing how evil she was and vowing never to work for her again."
Farnsworth says: "But somehow the rich, wrong stench of her boney charms kept calling me back."
Everybody announces their disgust.
Zoidberg says: "Don't stop, Professor."
Zoidberg says: "I'm getting aroused."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Back in those days, dark matter was just a worthless inert curiosity, and I was smashing it in a particle accelerator, in an ill-conceived attempt to create a more durable harpsichord wax."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "But, as Deepak Chopra taught us, quantum physics means anything can happen at any time for no reason."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Also, eat plenty of oatmeal and animals never had a war."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Who's the real animals?"
<poem>Farnsworth says: "And thus against all probabilities..."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "it happened."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "[The dark matter particles in the particle accelerator begin colliding and exploding."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "A large explosion leaves only a single item - the single non-local metaparticle crystal."
Younger Farnsworth says: "Dang!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm sure I don't need to explain that all dark matter in the universe is linked in the form of a single non-local meta-particle."
Amy says: "Guhh!"
Amy says: "Stop patronizing us."
Farnsworth says: "So, in one instant, I had transformed all dark matter everywhere into a new crystalline form..."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "making it the most potent fuel since primitive man first ignited mastodon flatulence to heat his cave."
Younger Mom says: "I'm intrigued, Hubert."
Younger Mom says: "You have my undivided attention."
Mom is breast feeding Walt and Larry at the same time. Farnsworth pulls out a match and ignites a ball of dark matter causing combustion. It blows the two of them to the ground and the babies start crying.
Younger Mom says: "Shut up, you milk-sucking leeches!"
Younger Mom says: "A new super fuel, eh?"
Younger Mom says: "We're rich."
Younger Farnsworth says: "Indeed, we are."
Younger Mom says: "Not you, we."
Younger Mom says: "Us, we."
Younger Mom says: "I'm getting back together with my ex-husband."
Younger Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Younger Wernstrom says: "You've been played, Farnsworth."
Younger Wernstrom says: "Played like a cheap harpsichord."
Younger Mom says: "Walt, fire that employee like Mommy taught you."
Walt pushes a button on a toy. Farnsworth finds this cute, but it forced through the wall by a large piston. Cut back to present times.
Leela says: "Professor, maybe I can help you get even with Mom."
Leela says: "I spend most of my time thinking about how to get revenge on a bad boss."
Fry says: "Me, too."
Zoidberg says: "Ditto!"
Hermes says: "Likewise."
Amy says: "I made a blinding powder."
Farnsworth says: "Thanks, but that won't be necessary because I have the ultimate weapon."
Farnsworth says: "You see, in the instant the energy crystal was created, there also came into being an opposite crystal made of pure anti-backwards energy."
ALL says: "Wow!"
Hermes says: "So?"
Farnsworth says: "So, this!"
Farnsworth says: "If ever the two crystals should meet, their wave functions would collapse like Raymond Burr's trampoline, once again rendering all dark matter inert and useless as fuel."
Hermes says: "But then we'll have no fuel."
Farnsworth says: "But once we free society from dependence on Mom's dark matter, scientists will finally care enough to develop cleaner, alternative fuels."
Fry says: "Scientists like you!"
Farnsworth says: "No, not me."
Farnsworth says: "I'm too busy developing makeup for dogs."
Farnsworth says: "That's where the money is."
Leela says: "This is our chance to teach Mom a lesson."
Leela says: "Come on!"
Leela says: "Let's take the anti-crystal and shove it up Mom's regular crystal."
ALL says: "Yeah."
Hermes says: "Fight the power!"
Farnsworth says: "There's just one, small problem, and it's a big one."
Farnsworth says: "I hid the crystal and I can't remember where."
Hermes says: "Well, surely it's just a matter of waiting till you next move your bowels and then using a potato masher..."
Farnsworth says: "Don't you think I already tried that?"
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid, the crystal is lost forever."
Cut to the crystal being used as a die by the boys playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Dwight says: "Nine?"
Dwight says: "You did it."
Dwight says: "You outwitted the fungus."
ALL says: "Woohoo!"
Chinese Boy says: "Who needs girls?"
[Scene says: "HAL Institute - Dr."
[Scene says: "Perceptron's office."
[Scene says: "Bender is sitting in a circle with Mad Hatterbot, Roberto, Convenience Store Bot, a Teapot bot and Rosie from the Jetsons."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Since you have all proven resistant to individualized hammer therapy, I now prescribe group therapy."
He presses a button and hammers begin hitting the robots on the head. The Teapot bot is shattered by its hammer and Rosie cleans the mess up.
Rosie says: "Everything must be clean, very clean."
Rosie says: "That's why the dog had to die."
Rosie says: "He was a dirty dog."
Rosie says: "Dirty, dirty."
Rosie says: "Also, that boy, Elroy."
Rosie says: "Dirty, dirty."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Who would like to share their feelings?"
Intercom Assistant says: "I feel unappreciated at work."
Dr. Perceptron says: "What?"
Dr. Perceptron says: "I can barely understand you."
Intercom Assistant says: "I said I feel..."
Mad Hatterbot says: "Change places."
Everybody switches seats.
Roberto says: "Well, well."
Roberto says: "Looks like old Roberto is the focus of attention now."
Roberto says: "Stop looking at me."
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Calm down, Roberto."
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Tell us about your childhood."
Roberto says: "I was designed by a team of engineers attempting to build an insane robot."
Roberto says: "But it seems they failed."
Convenience Store Bot says: "Um, actually..."
<poem>Bender says: "Look, we have to accept the fact that we all have a serious problem."
<poem>Bender says: "And if we ever wanna get out of here, the first step is to admit it."
Roberto says: "Amen."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Good, Bender."
Rosie says: "That's right."
Bender says: "There's a band of river trolls living in the moat and they may have no intention of letting us out of this castle, unless we hand over the Golden Scepter of Zanthor."
Roberto says: "Say what?"
Roberto says: "Dude's crazy."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Bender, please, try to..."
Bender says: "I know not of this Bender."
Bender says: "I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood."
Dr. Perceptron says: "You are suffering a breakdown."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Now stop."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Hammer time."
Dr. Perceptron says: "I'm in your seat."
Dr. Perceptron says: "I forgot we had changed places."
Mad Hatterbot says: "Change places?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express - Observatory."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Amy says: "You perfected dog mascara?"
Farnsworth says: "Far from it."
Farnsworth says: "If you ask me, they look like a bunch of hookers."
Farnsworth says: "But what I have invented is a means of locating the missing crystal."
Farnsworth says: "When I push this button, the crystal will emit a high-frequency stink."
Zoidberg says: "Hurray!"
Farnsworth says: "There."
Farnsworth says: "Now, with any luck I'll detect it with my smelling aid."
Farnsworth says: "I just pray to all powerful Atheismo that we find it before Mom does."
Hermes says: "Do you smell the crystal, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "No, damn it!"
Farnsworth says: "Just the alluring scent of Obsession for spaniels."
A dog sprays perfume on another dog and sniffs its behind. Cut to the anti-backwards crystal die, emitting a fume.
Dwight says: "Dude."
Dwight says: "Who whipped an egger?"
CubertHe who smelled it, dealt it.
Dwight says: "Yeah?"
Dwight says: "Well, he who denied it, supplied it."
Cubert says: "Well, he who articulated it, particulated it."
Dwight says: "Well, he who refuted it, tooted it."
Cubert says: "Stalemate."
Cut to Mom's office, her map is flashing with an alarm.
Mom says: "Jesus craps."
Mom says: "The anti-backwards crystal."
She slaps Larry.
Larry says: "Ow!"
Larry says: "Ah..."
Larry says: "sorry?"
Mom says: "Relax, it's not your fault."
Mom says: "With that crystal, Farnsworth could completely destroy my dark matter empire."
Mom says: "I underestimated that sagging old bag of bones and gonads."
Inger says: "Is that man bad?"
Mom says: "Very bad, Igner."
Mom says: "And that's why I need you three to go steal the anti-crystal away from him."
Mom says: "But be careful."
Mom says: "You'll need all your stoogely cunning."
[Scene says: "A cube van stops in front of Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The door bell rings and Fry answers."
Walt says: "Exterminators."
Fry says: "Oh, great."
Fry says: "What do we got?"
Fry says: "Wall gophers?"
Fry says: "Toilet snails?"
Walt says: "No, I'm afraid you've got owls."
Walt says: "Over there, see?"
Fry looks around and doesn't see anything. Walt hits Igner.
Igner says: "Ow!"
Walt says: "Dump the bag, you nitwit."
Igner turns to grab the bag, hitting Larry in the head with a ladder.
Larry says: "Hey, watch it."
<poem>Walt says: "Quiet, you."
<poem>Walt says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "I was looking over there for a long time but I didn't see any..."
Fry says: "Oh, there they are."
Fry says: "Gross."
Walt says: "We've got to act fast."
Walt says: "Larry, get out the geigersniffer."
Larry says: "I don't know, Walt."
Larry says: "You're just gonna hit me with it."
Walt says: "No."
Walt says: "I'm going to hit you with this."
<poem>Fry says: "Those three exterminators are hilarious."
Amy says: "Really?"
Amy says: "I don't think so."
Leela says: "Me, neither."
Leela says: "Now, Sex and the City, that's funny."
Cut to the boys playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Dwight says: "After wandering aimlessly in the swamp, you suddenly..."
Dwight says: "wander aimlessly in the swamp."
The door opens behind them and the ticking of the geigersniffer is heard. Larry, Walt and Igner enter and hone in on the anti-backwards crystal.
Walt says: "There it is."
<poem>Cubert says: "Uh, excuse you as you apparently didn't notice, we're trying to traverse the Quagmire of Slogdonia."
Walt says: "I'm sorry, little boy."
Walt says: "You see, we're owl exterminators."
Igner says: "We are owl extermin..."
Igner says: "Ow!"
Walt says: "And what we have here is an owl egg that's about to hatch into an owl larva."
Walt says: "So, if you don't mind, we'll just take this and..."
Cubert says: "What are you, stupid?"
Cubert says: "That's a dodecahedral crystal I found hidden in the downstairs walrus tank."
Dwight says: "And I wrote numbers on it so we could use it as a D12, 'cause I have the best handwriting."
Cubert says: "Do not."
Dwight says: "Do too."
Cubert says: "Do not."
Dwight says: "Do too."
Cubert says: "You win this round."
Farnsworth enters.
Farnsworth says: "What's going on here?"
Igner says: "We're owl exterminators."
Farnsworth says: "Oh?"
Farnsworth says: "Then you won't have any problem exterminating this owl."
He pulls an owl out from behind him. It is perched on his arm. Igner nervously attempts to grasp the owl with a pair of pliers, but it flies away before he catches it. The owl torments the three of them by flying around their heads. The anti-backwards crystal falls to the floor and rolls to Farnsworth's feet. He sniffs a little more and bends over to pick it up, cracking his back a few times in the process.
Farnsworth says: "My anti-backwards crystal."
Farnsworth says: "So it's you three."
Farnsworth says: "I should have known Mom would send her brainless brood to do her dirty work."
Farnsworth says: "Walt, the leader among imbeciles."
Walt says: "Hey!"
Walt says: "They resent that."
Farnsworth says: "Larry, the sniveling middle child."
Larry says: "Sorry."
Larry says: "Thank you."
Farnsworth says: "And you, Igner."
Farnsworth says: "The evil I could tolerate, but the stupidity..."
<poem>Igner says: "We're owl exterminators."
Farnsworth says: "Good God."
Farnsworth says: "Just knowing we're in the same genus makes me embarrassed to call myself homo."
<poem>Igner says: "Thanks for the crystal."
Mom slaps Igner. Cut to Planet Express. The hanger doors open and Fry is seen adjusting something in the ship's thruster with a large screw driver.
Fry says: "There."
Fry says: "The repairs are complete."
Farnsworth says: "Rake up some dark matter and top off the tank."
Leela says: "Well, there isn't any dark matter."
Leela says: "Nibbler hasn't pooped at all."
Leela says: "And he ate a whole family of koalas last night."
Leela says: "Nibbler!"
Leela says: "Nibbler!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm not interested in the whereabouts of your cutesy-fruitsy space rat."
Farnsworth says: "The only thing that matters right now is this crystal."
<poem>Leela says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth says: "And be careful with that crystal."
[Scene says: "Bender is laying flat in a chair."
[Scene says: "He has mice and spiders crawling all over him, there is an alarm sounding off, the lights are flashing and there is a axe device swinging close to his head like a pendulum."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Even relaxation therapy has failed."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Diagnosis, insanity."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Nurse, schedule a robotomy for Bender."
Nurse Ratchet says: "Yes, Doctor."
Nurse Ratchet says: "I'll get the tools from the shed."
Dr. Perceptron says: "It's a very painful procedure."
Dr. Perceptron says: "So until then, just try to relax."
The rats, spiders and swinging blades are placed on Bender again.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship is flying towards Mom's Dark Matter Mine."
[Scene says: "A small camera poking out of the ice watches them."
[Scene says: "Cut to Mom watching the camera's feed."
[Scene says: "She laughs and Walt joins in with her, Larry joins soon after that."
Mom says: "What are you laughing at?"
Larry says: "Your laugh."
Larry says: "It's just so infectious."
Mom says: "So's herpes."
Mom says: "Now, shut up!"
Mom says: "You and Walt, lead the killbots to the surface and blow Farnsworth out of the sky."
Walt says: "What about Igner?"
Mom says: "That hairless ape?"
Mom says: "I swear."
Mom says: "When he came out I flipped a coin whether to keep him or the after-birth."
Walt says: "Yes, Mother."
Walt says: "You told that story at his graduation."
Mom says: "I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission."
Mom says: "You see, there is a terrible secret about Igner I've never told anyone."
Mom says: "And here it is."
Cut to a wide shot of them talking. They can't be heard. Igner is sweeping and listening from an open door. Cut back to Mom. She says something and Walt and Larry's jaws drop. Igner makes his "I'm scared" noise. Cut to the Planet Express ship flying toward the mine. It's being fired by a line of Killbots at and returning fire.
Walt says: "Continue returning fire."
Killbot 1 says: "What?"
Killbot 2 says: "What did they say?"
Killbot 1 says: "I don't know."
Killbot 1 says: "I can't hear a thing."
Killbot 3 says: "Hey, what's everybody talking about?"
The ship takes down two Killbots, but the hole is filled by more. It is hit multiple times and the crew starts screaming. Keep exterior shot of the ship.
Farnsworth says: "Mayday!"
Farnsworth says: "Mayday!"
Farnsworth says: "We weren't actually in the ship."
The three are standing in front of exhaust fans.
Leela says: "Okay, team, these red-hot, razor-sharp fans are the only safe way into the mine."
Fry says: "Hmm, uh, ladies first."
<poem>Elevator Steward says: "Maintenance shaft 7 serving..."
Farnsworth says: "Shut your mouth."
Elevator Steward says: "I'm just talking about the shaft."
Leela kicks him in the chest, he hits the wall and falls apart. Her collar is emitting a charge.
Fry says: "Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?"
Leela says: "Actually, feels kind of good."
Leela says: "I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up."
The doors on the elevator close and it begins its descent, but picks up speed all the way down. The three of them are screaming and an interior shot of the elevator shows them experiencing weightlessness. An exterior shot of Level 65 shows the elevator suddenly stop a few feet from the floor, slamming the three of them to the ground. It slowly lowers until it's even with the floor. Cut to Mom staring at the crashes ship on her TV.
Walt says: "We shot them down, Mother."
Walt says: "The intruders never even got to Sector 1."
Security Woman says: "Intruders in Sector 15."
Security Woman says: "Intruders in Sector 15."
Mom says: "Ugh..."
Mom says: "Sometimes I don't know why I even bother to slap you."
Mom says: "All Killbots to Sector 15."
Cut to two Killbots rolling down a hallway.
Killbot 1 says: "What did she say?"
<poem>Fry says: "There are so many killbots behind us I can't count them all."
<poem>Fry says: "Three, I think."
Leela runs around a corner, then steps back and grabs Fry as he keeps running into the open. Several Killbots drive down a hallway.
Leela says: "We're trapped."
Farnsworth says: "The main pit must be in here."
Farnsworth says: "I'm detecting vast quantities of Dark Matter."
On the wall, there is a keypad reading CODEX PAD.
Leela says: "Step aside turkey-neck."
Leela says: "I think I know the code."
Farnsworth says: "We're in."
Farnsworth says: "We're in the heart of the mine."
Farnsworth says: "The very source of all Mom's wealth and..."
Leela says: "My God!"
Leela says: "This isn't a crap mine."
Leela says: "It's a crap farm."
Fry says: "Is there really so much of a distinction?"
Fry says: "I mean..."
Nibbler says: "Leela, it's me, Nibbler."
Leela runs over to a Nibblonian, he looks tired and very shaggy.
Leela says: "Oh, my God, you look horrible, Nibbler."
Leela says: "I think I'm going to vomit."
Nibblonian says: "Nibbler is over there."
Leela says: "Oh, sorry."
Leela says: "Nibbler!"
Leela says: "Oh, my poor little snuzzy-wuzzams."
Leela says: "Are they treating you okay?"
Nibbler says: "No, they are force-feeding us so we poop more dark matter."
Nibbler says: "It's horrible."
Nibbler says: "Those are good."
Nibbler says: "You've got to help us."
Nibblonians says: "Help us!"
Nibblonian says: "Help us, for God's sakes!"
Nibbler drops a turd and it is transported out of his cage via a tube. Nibbler whimpers.
Leela says: "Nibbler made a bo-bo."
Nibbler says: "Yes, but not on my terms."
Nibbler says: "I will not be treated like..."
Nibbler says: "Hey, wait, aren't you amazed I can speak?"
Fry says: "Well, actually, no."
Fry says: "You forgot to blank our memories after you spoke last time."
Nibbler says: "You mean you've known I was sentient?"
Nibbler says: "Then why did you let me eat Friskies and make bo-bo in a litter box?"
Fry says: "Well, you're cuter that way."
Farnsworth says: "Cute as a baby's buttocks."
Leela says: "So what happened?"
Leela says: "How did Mom capture all you Nibblonians?"
Nibbler says: "I was Supreme Fuzzler of a Nibblonian scientific outpost."
Nibbler says: "It was paradise, until they came."
Nibbler says: "One of your DOOP ships struck dark matter, little realizing it was not a natural deposit, but rather centuries of Nibblonian fecal material."
Fry says: "Wow, the big fecal enchilada."
Fry says: "Anyone else hungry?"
Nibbler says: "The DOOP contracted a ruthless businesswoman to spearhead the mining operation."
Leela says: "Let me guess."
Leela says: "Mom?"
Nibbler says: "The very same."
Fry says: "Can I also guess Mom?"
Nibbler says: "To reduce cost she started a new enterprise, Mom's Friendly Robots, to build robot slaves."
Nibbler says: "Remember this was back in the days before Robot Lincoln."
Mom says: "Faster, faster!"
Robot Slave says: "I'm going exactly as fast as you built me to go."
Mom says: "Oh, wise guy, huh?"
She unplugs him from the socket and whips him with the cord, then plugs him back in.
Robot Slave says: "Ow!"
Nibbler says: "Eventually, the planet was mined down to a hollow shell and my people were forced to evacuate."
Mom says: "So, that's where it comes from."
Mom says: "We may have a whole new source of Dark Matter on our hands."
Igner says: "Eww!"
Nibbler says: "As it turned out I was the lucky one."
Nibbler says: "Unbeknownst to me, Mom captured my colleagues and enslaved them here in this..."
Nibbler says: "this..."
Nibbler says: "crap farm."
Nibblonian says: "There's nothing to do but eat and crap, eat and crap."
Nibblonian says: "It's like visiting my parents."
Nibbler says: "As for me, I emerged from behind the "bush of many uses" to find I had been left behind."
Nibbler says: "I was doomed, doomed."
Scene from Loves Labours Lost in Space.
Leela says: "Hello, there."
Nibbler says: "Startled, my cuteness reflex kicked in."
Leela says: "I'll call him Nibbler."
Nibbler says: "A silly name for a high-ranking Fuzzler."
Nibbler says: "But, hey, I was glad to be rescued."
<poem>Leela says: "But then, how did you end up here with the others?"
Nibbler says: "I was kidnapped yesterday by Mom's vile sons in their moronic disguises."
Igner says: "I was an owl exterminator."
Igner says: "Do you have the crysal?"
Farnsworth says: "It's pronounced "crystal," you lump."
A noise is heard from the door behind them.
Igner says: "Go, run fast."
<poem>Walt says: "Did you see anyone?"
Igner says: "Me?"
Walt says: "Yes, you."
Walt says: "You're the only one here."
Igner says: "If I'm the only one here, then how could I see anyone?"
Larry says: "He's got a point, Walt."
Walt says: "So does my knee."
Walt hits Larry with his knee. Cut to the three navigating through the chicken shute.
Fry says: "This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the chickens."
[Scene says: "Bender is having an robotomy."
[Scene says: "Nurse Ratchet pulls a lever and Bender's arms and legs are restrained."
Nurse Ratchet says: "Don't worry, those clamps are for my own protection."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Do you know where you are, Bender?"
Bender says: "Sure do, I'm in the magical land of Cornwood, frolicking with wenches."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Close."
Dr. Perceptron says: "You're in the loony bin for a robotomy."
Dr. Perceptron says: "I will begin by drilling through the eye to access the frontal processor."
<poem>Nurse Ratchet says: "Can't you just use the access panel?"
Dr. Perceptron says: "Either way is fine."
Bender says: "Does anyone else smell burning dragon beak?"
Cut to Mom's office. Fry, Leela and Farnsworth are in the ventilation ducts above. Leela opens the grated panel and they gasp.
Mom says: "Wherever you are, Farnsworth, my boys will find you."
<poem>Walt says: "They've eluded us, Mother."
<poem>Walt says: "But rest assured, we've already slapped each other, so there's no need to..."
Mom says: "You'll thank me some day when you are slapping your own kids."
Mom says: "I know Farnsworth's game."
Mom says: "He is going to try to poke his clammy old crystal at my hot fiery crystal."
Larry says: "Mom!"
Mom says: "If the crystals get within six inches of each other..."
Mom says: "Wham!"
Mom says: "All my dark matter will be worthless."
She sits back down in her chair and a slipper floats down and lands on her head. She examines it and spots the three of them shuffling along the top of a circular vent. She screams and then Farnsworth screams back.
Mom says: "Get them!"
Her sons try to climb the icey wall to reach them.
Leela says: "Keep going, Professor."
Leela says: "I'll take care of the ditz brothers."
Leela says: "Ooh."
Leela says: "That feels good."
Mom says: "Oh, for crying out..."
Mom says: "Oh, the freaking battery's dead."
Mom says: "Walt, where's the charger?"
Walt says: "In the hardware drawer, Mother."
<poem>Mom says: "Damn tangled mess of wires."
Farnsworth says: "We're almost there."
Farnsworth says: "The crystals are beginning to engorge."
<poem>Mom says: "Nobody move."
<poem>Mom says: "I've found the charger."
<poem>Mom says: "Hang on."
<poem>Mom says: "I'm on it."
<poem>Mom says: "Okay, there!"
Fry says: "Save us, Catman."
Mom says: "It's over, Hubert."
Mom says: "Give me the anti-backwards crystal."
Farnsworth says: "Never!"
<poem>Mom says: "Oh, bravo."
<poem>Mom says: "You're in a crap-harvesting factory, genius."
<poem>Mom says: "Walt!"
<poem>Mom says: "Larry!"
<poem>Mom says: "Start harvesting."
Farsnworth says: "No!"
Cut back to the robotomy.
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "I will now delicately jerk out your imagination, severing fantasy's grip on your nerd-circuit."
Bender says: "Cornwood!"
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Illogical."
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Illogical."
<poem>Dr. Perceptron says: "Computational overload."
Nurse Rachet says: "But, Doctor, I love you."
Cut back to Mom. She is still laughing.
<poem>Mom says: "Oh, what now?"
The same purple waves move through the office and the floor begins to crack. Everybody falls into the hole with the ice and scream.
[Scene says: "A green pasture is shown upside down."
[Scene says: "The ground shakes and rocks blast out from underneath."
[Scene says: "The shot rotates 180 degrees and Fry climbs out of the hole."
Frydo says: "This is crazy."
Frydo says: "Ow!"
Frydo says: "What the..."
Frydo says: "You okay, Leela?"
Leegola says: "Yeah, I think so."
Frydo says: "Wait a second."
Frydo says: "Is there something different about your hooves?"
<poem>Leegola says: "Oh, Lord."
<poem>Leegola says: "I'm half-horse and half-naked."
Frydo says: "Where the hell are we, hell?"
A horse is heard neighing and someone approaches them on it.
Frydo says: "Bender?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I know not of this Bender."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I'm Titanius Anglesmith."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Welcome to Cornwood!"
Frydo and Leegola gasp.
[Scene says: "Titanius Anglesmith's Castle."
[Scene says: "A feast is taking place."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!"
Frydo and Leegola both show distaste toward the rotating, crispy munchkin.
Peasent Cook says: "Care for a slice of scroto?"
Frydo says: "Uh..."
Frydo says: "that's his name, right?"
Peasent Cook says: "'Tis also that, sir."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "We're honored this eve by a visit from my friends of old, Frydo and Leegola."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "So let the dwarves do their gay dance and let the gnomes play their sissy piccolos."
<poem>Dwarf says: "My ankle!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "To the kitchen with him!"
Dwarf says: "Wait!"
Dwarf says: "Wait!"
Dwarf says: "Wait!"
Dwarf says: "I do impressions."
Dwarf says: "Behold!"
Dwarf says: "The swamp hag: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Don't let him get too crispy."
Calculon says: "Lord Anglesmith."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "You have ridden hard, noble squire."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "May I offer you a horn of ale and a shank of dwarf?"
Calculon says: "'Tis dire news, sire."
Calculon says: "Dark riders approach."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Frydo!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Saddle up that trusty steed."
Fry rides Leegola out of the castle and is holding a lance. Titanius Anglesmith is behind them.
Frydo says: "What's happening?"
Frydo says: "And why am I enjoying it so much?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Foul beast-bags!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Meet thy doom!"
Titanius Anglesmith lodges his lance in the ground and is thrown off his horse, off screen.
Waltazar says: "Follow me."
Frydo rides toward the three sons, but is impaled by Waltazar's lance against a tree. Ignus runs into Waltazar and impales him and Frydo.
Waltazar says: "Damn thee, Ignus."
Ignus says: "Well, you said to follow you."
Waltazar says: "Well, now I say follow this!"
<poem>Larius says: "The Die of Power!"
<poem>Larius says: "He's rolling it."
Waltazar says: "Oh, no!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I'm back bab-..."
Die of Power says: "Seven."
Titanius Anglesmith says: ""Banish foes"?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Cool."
Waltazar says: "No!"
Waltazar says: "No!"
The three sons disappear from their horses and reappear in a swamp.
Larius says: "I got to say, I had no idea the Die of Power was so powerful."
Waltazar says: "Did you have any idea of..."
Swamp Hag says: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
[Scene says: "Titanius Anglesmith, Leegola and the wounded Frydo are riding through a forest."
Leegola says: "I can't believe I'm saying this, but that was really exciting."
Leegola says: "I've never felt so alive."
Leegola says: "What else can we slay?"
Leegola says: "Is that a hobbit over there?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "No, that's a hobo and a rabbit."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "But they're making a hobbit."
Frydo says: "Thank God, an outhouse."
Frydo says: "I can't hold it in much longer."
Frydo says: "And by it, I mean my entrails."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Hush!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "This be no outhouse, but the lair of the great wizard Grayfarn."
Titanius Anglesmith knocks on the door.
Greyfarn says: "Who is it?"
<poem>Titanius Anglesmith says: "'Tis I, Titanius."
Greyfarn says: "Just a moment."
<poem>Titanius Anglesmith says: "Methinks the wizard be casting a powerful spell, indeed."
A zipper is heard and the door opens, but the interior has changed from an outhouse to a room with a fireplace.
Greyfarn says: "Come in!"
Greyfarn says: "Come in!"
Greyfarn says: "Yes."
Greyfarn says: "'Tis a powerful object in both our worlds."
Greyfarn says: "If you failed to destroy it in yours, perhaps you were brought here that you might have a second chance."
Frydo says: "So, this land is real?"
Greyfarn says: "Oh, dreadfully real."
Greyfarn says: "If you die here, you'll really be dead."
Greyfarn says: "But instead of science, we believe in crazy hocus-pocus."
Greyfarn says: "It's like Kansas."
Leegola says: "God help us."
Greyfarn says: "Cornwood's troubles began hundreds or perhaps millions of years ago."
Greyfarn says: "Deep in the Geysers of Gygax, Momon herself injection-molded the Dice of Power from the living plastic."
Momon says: "Damn, these are hot."
Leegola says: "Ah ha!"
Leegola says: "In our universe she's called Mom."
Greyfarn says: "In your universe, are you taught not to interrupt?"
Greyfarn says: "Evidently not."
Greyfarn says: "Anyway, Momon spawned three rotten sons, whom you've already had the displeasure of meeting."
Greyfarn says: "Waltazar, Larius, and the dumbest of all, the halfwit Ignus, bastard son of Momon and the brainless He-demon."
Greyfarn says: "Curse you, Momon, queen of all that is evil and not very good in bed."
Greyfarn says: "And I'm not just saying that because she dumped me."
<poem>Titanius Anglesmith says: "Yeah?"
<poem>Titanius Anglesmith says: "Well, bite my shiny metal face."
Greyfarn says: "Don't be foolish, Titanius."
Greyfarn says: "If you had paid attention in freshman alchemy, instead of frequenting the bawdyhouse, you'd know there's only one way to destroy it."
Greyfarn says: "In the boiling plastic from which it was molded."
Frydo says: "Like that machine that makes wax lions at the zoo."
Greyfarn says: "Quiet, you."
Greyfarn says: "We must infiltrate the Geysers of Gygax, the impenetrable stronghold of Momon."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Impossible."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Impossible, I say."
Greyfarn says: "No, Titanius."
Greyfarn says: "For we maintain one advantage, the element of surprise."
[Scene says: "The crew is walking through a light forest."
<poem>Titanius Anglesmith says: "Verily, our quest has begun."
Hermaphrodite says: "Stop right there."
They gasp as he walks out from behind a bush with others. They too are centaurs.
Frydo says: "Hermes?"
Leegola says: "He's a centaur like me."
Frydo says: "You wish."
Hermaphrodite says: "I am Hermaphrodite, most beautiful of centaurs."
Hermaphrodite says: "Gaze upon me and weep at my loveliness."
Greyfarn says: "Very well."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Loveliest of centaurs, we seek to end Momon's reign of evil."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Have you stout fighters at your command?"
Hermaphrodite says: "One thousand archers of truest aim."
Hermaphrodite says: "Fire!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Hey guys, I forgot I had this pumpkin."
<poem>Leegola says: "I knew it."
<poem>Leegola says: "My people are mighty warriors."
<poem>Leegola says: "Our enemies will be like Swiss cheese with blood coming out of the holes."
The centaurs object.
Female Centaur says: "We centaurs are creatures of peace."
Leegola says: "Oh, Lord."
Hermaphrodite says: "Violence is never justified."
Hermaphrodite says: "We shall not join your quest."
Hermaphrodite says: "And furthermore, if mayhem be your intent, you may not cross our lands."
Leegola says: "Or what?"
Hermaphrodite says: "You may pass."
[Scene says: "The crew is trying to find their way to Momon, but are having difficulties."
[Scene says: "They travel over a large wooden bridge."
[Scene says: "Cut to them looking over a map while standing on a cliff in the snow."
Greyfarn says: "We're not there, we're here."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "No, this way."
Greyfarn says: "I mean, here."
They walk back over the bridge they first crossed. Cut to them standing on the shoulders of a tree that is walking over a large body of water. He then sets them down on land.
Greyfarn says: "Thank you, kindly, Treedledum."
Treedledum says: "Okey-doke."
Treedledum says: "Anything else I can do?"
Cut to the crew around a fire that is burning Treedledum.
Leegola says: "You know who I'm gonna miss?"
Leegola says: "That tree guy."
It's now daytime and there are many camps positioned along the visible path to Momon.
Greyfarn says: "Bad news, fancy men."
Greyfarn says: "Momon's guards stand watch at the pass."
Greyfarn says: "'Tis as if she somehow anticipated us."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "And so our quest comes to an end."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I only regret not giving up sooner."
Greyfarn says: "Fret not, Titanius."
Greyfarn says: "For we still have one hope, the Cave of Hopelessness."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Let me know how that turns out."
[Scene says: "The foursome are walking toward the entrance of the Cave of Hopelessness."
[Scene says: "There is a large ogre acting as a bouncer."
Ogre says: "Halt."
Ogre says: "Are you on the list?"
Ogre says: "I'm not seeing you on the list."
Leegola says: "I'll split this doofus in half."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Wait, I got it."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Yeah."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "My cousin's in the band."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "The band of merry men."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Please, we were already in there."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I just need to go back for my coat."
The water behind them begins bubbling. An aquatic version of Amy rises from the water. Frydo gasps.
Gynecaladriel says: "I am Gynecaladriel, queen of the water nymphos."
Leegola says: "All right."
Leegola says: "I'll split this doofus in half."
Gynecaladriel says: "Stand aside and I will use my powers to overwhelm the guard."
Gynecaladriel says: "Behold, the deed is done."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Hi oh!"
Cut to them walking through the cave holding torches.
Frydo says: "Mr."
Frydo says: "Wizard, why is this place called the Cave of Hopelessness?"
Greyfarn says: "Oh, fear not, lad."
Greyfarn says: "'Tis named for its discoverer, Reginald Hopelessness..."
Frydo says: "Whew!"
Greyfarn says: "..."
Greyfarn says: "the first man to be eaten alive by the Tunneling Horror."
They stop as shadows appear on the wall of the curve ahead of them.
Frydo says: "What's that?"
Frydo says: "The Tunneling Horror?"
Gynecaladriel says: "No, it's morcs."
Morcs says: "Hey, listen."
Morcs says: "Nanu, nanu."
Morcs says: "Shazbot."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Oh, God, no."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "They're so aggravating."
The morcs speak really quickly while being slaughtered by the crew.
Morcs says: "Oh, fantastic."
Morcs says: "Nanu, nanu."
Morcs says: "Reality, what a concept."
Morcs says: "Fantastic."
Morcs says: "Mindy, Mindy, Mindy."
Gynecaladriel says: "Shut up!"
Gynecaladriel says: "Shut up!"
Morcs says: "Oh, fantastic."
Morcs says: "Oh, fantastic."
Morcs says: "Oh, wonderful."
Frydo says: "Maybe it'll go away if we just don't laugh at it."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "It doesn't."
Cut to the team backing out of the tunnel and into a large area of the cave. Leegola is killing the remaining morcs in the tunnel.
Morcs says: "Nanu, nanu."
<poem>Frydo says: "Well, at least we didn't have to face the tunneling whatchimacallit."
<poem>Frydo says: "Uh-oh."
Zoidberg's head pokes out from behind a wall.
Zoidberg says: "Enough already with the banging and the swashbuckling."
He crawls over the wall to reveal he's a large, centepede-esque creature. Everybody screams as he stand in front of them.
Leegola says: "Oh, I'm gonna enjoy killing you."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Watch where you're shooting that thing."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Again?"
<poem>Zoidberg says: "What, am I talking to myself over here?"
Leegola says: "Mutilate!"
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Okay."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Now, I'm getting a little mad even."
He makes noises as he snatches up the five of them with his claws. Leegola gets loose.
Leegola says: "I'll kill you and eat your heart, you abomination."
Frydo says: "Leela, it's over."
Frydo says: "You killed him enough."
Leegola says: "I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm not the Tunneling Horror."
Zoidberg says: "I hate that guy."
Zoidberg says: "Always with the tunneling."
Zoidberg says: "Anyway, I'm dead."
<poem>Leegola says: "So, you're just an innocent monster."
<poem>Leegola says: "Oh, God."
<poem>Leegola says: "What have I done?"
The cave starts rumbling.
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
Zoidberg says: "There he goes again."
A large, killer worm creature comes out of the ground and roars at Leegola and Frydo, who are standing on Zoidberg. Everybody screams.
Titanius Anglesmith says: "The Tunneling Horror!"
<poem>Frydo says: "Greyfarn, what do we do?"
Greyfarn says: "Do about what?"
The Tunneling Horror lunges at Frydo and Leegola, but misses and grabs Titanius Anglesmith with its tail pincers.
Frydo says: "Why aren't you killing it, Leela?"
Frydo says: "You love killing."
Leegola says: "No, no more killing."
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
Zoidberg says: "So, suddenly, Miss Goody Four-shoes over here doesn't kill anymore."
Zoidberg says: "She killed me not five minutes ago."
Zoidberg says: "What am I?"
Zoidberg says: "Chopped liver?"
Leegola says: "Shut up."
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
<poem>Zoidberg says: "Stop chopping my liver."
Leegola says: "You're on your own."
<poem>Frydo says: "All right."
<poem>Frydo says: "I may be weak and I may be small, but I don't see how I can possibly destroy that monster."
<poem>Frydo says: "Guess I'll just huck whatever's in my pockets at him."
<poem>Frydo says: "At least I can say I tried."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Any time now."
Frydo throws a box of Tic-Tacs, a peanut and then the Die of Power.
Frydo says: "The Die of Power."
Frydo says: "I forgot to remember to roll it."
[Everybody turns to the die says: "grow."
gasps. Gynecaladriel says: "grow."
Greyfarn stop kissing says: "grow."
Gynecaladriel places Greyfarn's dentures back in his mouth. The die lands on three says: "grow."
Die of Power says: "Three."
Frydo says: ""Grow?"
Frydo says: "" I don't see anything growing."
Frydo says: "Everything is getting smaller."
Frydo says: "Wow, that was intense."
Frydo says: "You guys got to try the Die of Power."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I'll take a hit."
Frydo says: "Hands off the dodecalicious."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Beware, Frydo."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Don't be seduced."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Hang on a second."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Resist the allure of the die."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came."
Greyfarn says: "For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came."
Momon is speaking to her sons.
Momon says: "I send you to kill them and they're not even maimed?"
Momon says: "That's what I get for sending boys to do a mom's job."
Larius says: "Sorry, Mom."
Momon says: "Sorry doesn't put heads on my table."
Momon says: "Peaches."
Momon says: "You're up."
Peaches grabs a flail that has a hand instead of a spiked ball. He whirls is around in front of the sons.
Ignus says: "I like this part but I don't like..."
They are slapped three times by the hand.
[Scene says: "Hermaphrodite and another centaur are walking in a circle in the middle of a stadium."
Centaur Opponent says: "You are an able opponent, Hermaphrodite."
Centaur Opponent says: "But hear me well when I posit that we must abhor violence in all its forms."
The crowd cheers.
Hermaphrodite says: "I offer a dissenting opinion."
<poem>Hermaphrodite says: "For abhorring violence is itself an act of violence and, therefore, to be abhorred."
<poem>Hermaphrodite says: "Ah!"
<poem>Hermaphrodite says: "Don't hurt me."
Leegola says: "I'm not here to hurt you."
Leegola says: "Or anything ever again."
Leegola says: "Please, teach me the centaurs' ways of wimpiness."
Hermaphrodite says: "What do you offer in return?"
Leegola holds up a carrot, which Hermaphrodite eats. Cut to the two galloping along a path, a rainbow is in the background. They run past creatures which resemble Teletubbies. Cut to the two shooting flaming arrows toward each other. The arrows collide and form a firework in the shape of a peace sign. Cut to the two and another centaur playing tic-tac-toe with beanbags. Hermaphrodite misses winning the game, Leegola walks up with a beanbag in her mouth and drops it on the winning tile. They all laugh.
[Scene says: "Titanius Anglesmith, Frydo, Greyfarn and Gynecaladriel exit the Cave of Hopelessness."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Yes!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "We made it out of that godforsaken cave."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Now, what's the fastest way home?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Back through the cave?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Ow!"
Exterior shot of the Geysers of Gygax.
Greyfarn says: "We're close now, my friends."
Greyfarn says: "So close, I can practically feel the heat of the fiery molten plastic."
Gynecaladriel says: "You're standing in the fire."
Greyfarn says: "Oh, my."
Greyfarn says: "Alas, our path is blocked by Momon's army of evil."
Greyfarn says: "As well as her navy of moral dubiousness."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Wait a second."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Mayhaps we might raise an army of our own."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "We're but an hour's ride from Wipe Castle."
Greyfarn says: "Of course."
Greyfarn says: "Wipe Castle."
Greyfarn says: "And while we're there, we can get some of those greasy little dwarf burgers."
Gynecaladriel says: "Ooh!"
Gynecaladriel says: "I love those."
Gynecaladriel says: "You can eat like eight of them without gaining any weight because of all the diarrhea."
Greyfarn says: "Sleep deep, fair snoozles."
Greyfarn says: "At dawn, we ride for Wipe Castle."
Momon is watching from the die.
<poem>Momon says: "We've got them now."
<poem>Momon says: "Send all our forces against Wipe Castle."
Waltazar says: "Right away, Mother."
Waltazar says: "I'll just leave a small contingent behind in case..."
Momon says: "I said, everything."
Momon says: "Peaches!"
Peaches says: "I'm in the tub."
Momon says: "Waltazar, you and Larius shall lead the assault."
Waltazar says: "What about Ignus?"
Momon says: "I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission."
Momon says: "You see, there is a terrible secret about Ignus I've never told anyone."
Momon says: "And here it is."
Her words cannot be heard as we see Ignus listening from the doorway while sweeping. The two sons in the room are shocked at what Momon says and Ignus gasps.
Momon says: "It's a good day to be evil."
[Scene says: "Frydo ventures away from the camp to some rocks by the water."
<poem>Frydo says: "They all wants it."
<poem>Frydo says: "They wants the dodecalicious."
Frydo's reflection in the water begins speaking to him.
Reflection Host says: "Tell you what, you want to defend a magic artifact, and I mean, defend it good, then what you need is a top-quality knife."
Frydo says: "Me is listening."
The reflection has a Infomercial graphic on it.
Reflection Host says: "The Eviscerator is one of the finest, if not the finest, tactical folder on the market today."
Reflection Host says: "We're talking 440 stainless, quick release and..."
Reflection Host says: "I don't believe this."
Reflection Host says: "Is this a stag horn handle at this price?"
Reflection Host 2 says: "It is, yeah."
Reflection Host 2 says: "It's a stag horn."
Reflection Host says: "At this price?"
Reflection Host says: "You have got to be kidding me."
Reflection Host says: "That's got to be some kind of mistake, right there."
Reflection Host 2 says: "Now, you folks at home, I know what you're thinking."
Reflection Host 2 says: "You're thinking, that can't be stag horn."
Reflection Host 2 says: "It's got to be the cheaper manticore horn."
Reflection Host 2 says: "But, I've got the specs right here and I'll tell you what, this is the real deal."
Reflection Host says: "Unbelievable."
Reflection Host 2 says: "It is unbelievable."
Reflection Host 2 says: "That's exactly what it is."
Reflection Host 2 says: "I mean, this is..."
Reflection Host 2 says: "I have no words to describe this deal."
Reflection Host 2 says: "Honestly, have you ever seen stag horn at this price?"
Cut to Frydo, he shakes his head.
Reflection Host says: "No, no, I don't believe I ever have."
Reflection Host 2 says: "1101-1816 is the item number on this one."
Reflection Host says: "You know what, we're gonna have to  put a clock on this deal, folks."
Reflection Host says: "Two minutes."
Reflection Host says: "Can I get a clock at two minutes up there?"
Reflection Host 2 says: "Two minutes at most."
Reflection Host 2 says: "Honestly, I'd be surprised if they last that long."
Reflection Host says: "Oh, I'd be very surprised, shocked really."
Reflection Host says: "Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep."
Cut to Frydo walking with the knife in his hand. He's flicking it open and closed repeatedly. He walks over to Titanius Anglesmith's sleeping bag and begins stabbing it. Titanius Anglesmith is in Gynecaladriel's sleeping bag, however. They both wake up and gasp.
Titanius Anglesmith says: "He tried to murder me."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "He tried..."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Woah, cool."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Is that the stag horn?"
Frydo hisses at Titanius and throws the knife at him. The handle and blade break away from each other and Frydo runs away from the camp.
[Scene says: "Titanius Anglesmith, Greyfarn and Gynecaladriel are venturing toward Wipe Castle."
Greyfarn says: "Alas, Frydo's weakness was no match for the die's strength."
Greyfarn says: "We can only hope he forges on alone to the Geysers."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I can hope my ass is made of ice-cream but that don't make me a hot fudge sundae."
Greyfarn says: "As for us, we must press on to Wipe Castle, though the journey be long and I fear I may not live to see it."
Gynecaladriel says: "There it is!"
Exterior shot of Wipe Castle. The draw bridge lowers.
[Scene says: "Frydo is wandering through a swamp."
[Scene says: "A twig snaps behind him."
Frydo says: "They's following us's."
Zoidberg Head says: "You know, you talk like that, it's gonna cost you points at a job interview."
Frydo says: "What does it wants?"
Zoidberg Head says: "First of all, I resent being called "it."
Zoidberg Head says: "" I prefer jerkhole or simply  Second, I thought I could help you destroy the die, maybe."
Frydo says: "Help me!"
Swamp Hag says: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
Cut back to Wipe Castle. URL and Smitty are gate guards with trumpets. They play a fanfare, then URL breaks off into a jazz riff. The three of them clap.
URL says: "Now, before your audience with the king, there's a shocking fact you best know about him."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Enough blabbety-blab!"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Open the doors."
Roberto says: "What, ho?"
Titanius Anglesmith says: "We bring ill tidings, o fanciest of men."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Momon's reach nears the die of power."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "And should she obtain it, she will then have the entire basic set."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Rivers will run red with blood and yellow with urine."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "And a dog will be seen eating cat food in the land."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Oh, great king, your army is the last hope of Cornwood."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Let us join forces before the light of good is extinguished forever."
Roberto says: "You calling me crazy?"
Roberto says: "Just 'cause I've got a hotel in my foot don't make me a boogalee-moogalee-moogalee."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Pardon?"
Roberto says: "Stop laughing at me, fried avocado."
He yells while swinging his sword at the invisible fruit. Cut to Titanius closing the doors.
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Uh..."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "moving along then."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "As the only nobleman present who's not..."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "..."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I hereby place myself in command of the royal army."
URL says: "What royal army would that be?"
Greyfarn says: "What?"
Smitty says: "King went insane and declared war on the scallops."
Smitty says: "Tied his army to a boulder and pushed them into the sea."
Smitty says: "They never returned."
URL says: "Scallops must've got them."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Oh, well."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "There'll be no epic battle today."
A horn sounds offscreen and they all gasp. They walk to the edge of the castle and look down. There is a massive army of ogres.
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Methinks we be boned."
Larius says: "Where's their army?"
Waltazar says: "Maybe they didn't hear the horn."
Waltazar says: "Blow it again."
<poem>URL says: "Man, I'll show that cat how to blow."
Waltazar says: "All right."
Waltazar says: "On three."
Waltazar says: "One..."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Two, three!"
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Oil in the murder hole."
Titanius hurls hot oil through the grate at the enemies.
Larius says: "I knew it."
Larius says: "I was right, Walt."
Larius says: "It's hot oil."
Exterior shot of Wipe Castle. The ogres are climbing up ladders to get into the castle. One ogre reaches a window where Gynecaladriel is removing her clothes and begins drooling. His saliva burns through the wooden ladder and it splits in two. Cut to an ogre breaking trough the wall. Titanius is waiting on the other side with a mace and knocks him unconscious. Peaches then breaks through the wall behind Titanius and uses his glove flail to slap him.
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Ow."
Roberto says: "AHH!"
Roberto says: "Boogalee-moogalee-moogalee!"
[Cut to says: "Giant kangaroos hopping toward the castle with more ogres in their pouches."
[Cut to says: "The ogres are throwing spears at the castle while travelling."
[Cut to says: "Cut to Greyfarn and Gynecaladriel fending off the spears, then a piano, then a small kangaroo."
[Cut to says: "A unicorn has been thrown and gets lodged in the castle wall."
[Cut to says: "Greyfarn taps his staff on the ground twice and it morphs into a large boomerang."
[Cut to says: "He throws it off screen to the left, but it comes back in on the right and hits him in the back of the head."
[Cut to says: "He picks up the boomerang and holds it close to the edge of the frame so half of it is in front of him and half appears behind him."
[Cut to says: "He then moves it too far forward and hits himself in the back of the head with it."
[Cut to says: "The giant kangaroos are now at the castle walls and are jumping into them feet first."
[Cut to says: "A centaur watching this."
[Cut to says: "He draws and arrow and launches it to a far away camp."
[Cut to says: "An arrow is then launched from that camp to another, then to another, then to another."
Man says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Many centaurs, including Leegola and Hermaphrodite, are dancing to folk music in a room."
[Scene says: "Scruff is sweeping up their droppings behind them while mumbling and plugging his nose."
[Scene says: "Suddenly, an arrow flashes across the screen and lodges in the wall."
[Scene says: "The music abruptly stops and everybody gasps."
[Scene says: "Pan over the wall where the arrows land reveals the arrow struck a target labelled "War," which has never been used."
Leegola says: "What does it mean?"
Female Centaur says: "'Tis as we feared."
Female Centaur says: "Evil will soon triumph over good."
Hermaphrodite says: "Your friends face certain death."
Hermaphrodite says: "Followed by a disrespectful marionette show performed with their corpses."
Leegola says: "No!"
Leegola says: "We've got to do something."
Hermaphrodite says: "Believe me, we will."
Hermaphrodite says: "We've taken out a sternly worded ad in tomorrow's Cornwood Times."
<poem>Leegola says: "What a load of man-horse manure."
Hermaphrodite says: "Well, Leegola, if you have a better idea, perhaps you'd like to challenge me to debate."
An arrow flies across the room and lands on "Tedious Debate" which is frequently used.
[Scene says: "Frydo and Zoidberg Head are venturing into the Geysers of Gygax."
Frydo says: "I'm too exhausted."
Frydo says: "I can't go on."
Zoidberg Head says: "I'm here for you, my friend."
Zoidberg Head says: "I'll drag you onward."
Zoidberg Head says: "Even to my last ounce of strength."
Zoidberg Head says: "Grab onto my testicles."
Frydo says: "You know, I think maybe I can walk after all."
'Momon says: "The dodeca-call is coming from inside the house."
Frydo grunts as he works his way to the top of a ledge over the lava. Momon hears him and screams as she spots him across the cave.
Zoidberg Head says: "What are you waiting for, Frydo?"
Zoidberg Head says: "Throw it already in the boiling plastic."
Frydo says: "I would."
Frydo says: "But..."
Frydo says: "Me's enjoys owning it."
Zoidberg Head says: "Stop talking like that."
Zoidberg Head says: "It gives me anxiety."
<poem>Frydo says: "Ow!"
Momon says: "No!"
Momon gasps as the die flies out of Frydo's hand. Before it hits the ground she morphs into a dragon. The die hit Ignus on the head and lands on 12 - "Mirror Mania".
Die of Power says: "Twelve."
Frydo also morphs into a dragon.
Frydo says: "So, it's all come down to this."
Frydo says: "A dungeon and dragons."
Zoidberg Head says: "I didn't see it coming."
Momon takes flight and breathes fire at Frydo's feet. Frydo evades the fire and breathes back at Momon, but she dodges it.
Cut back to Wipe Castle. The trio+ are still battling the hordes of attacking ogres.
Ogres says: "Eat the wizard, eat the slut."
Gynecaladriel says: "Well, at least we'll be remembered in song."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Wait a second."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I have an idea."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "I surrender."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Here, eat my friends."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Just give me one more second of sweet, sweet life."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Well, that worked out pretty good, eh, fellows?"
Cut to Leegola commanding the centaurs from a distance.
Leegola says: "Prepare to fire again, brave cowards."
Hermaphrodite says: "I still say, I won the debate."
<poem>Leegola says: "Fire."
Ogre says: "Wuh-woah."
The arrows take down all but one ogre.
Remaining Ogre says: "Whew!"
Leegola dashing on screen and punches him, knocking him out. Gynecaladriel runs through the castle doors.
Gynecaladriel says: "Leegola, you saved us."
Gynecaladriel says: "How can I ever repay you?"
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Frydo is fighting for his life."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "The fate of Cornwood is in our hands."
<poem>Greyfarn says: "Quickly, to the Geysers."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Can it wait a couple of minutes?"
Greyfarn says: "Yes."
Greyfarn says: "Yes, it can."
Cut back to Momon and Frydo. Frydo kicks Momon offscreen and he begins walking over to the die, but Momon tackles him. They both get up and start fighting with their hands and tails. Momon whips Frydo against a pillar and she starts walking toward the die, but Frydo grabs her tail and swings her sideways along the ground.
Frydo says: "You are no match for my dragon style."
Frydo says: "I guess you are a match for my dragon style."
Momon says: "Tell me, Frydo, are you aware that a dragon's one weakness is its soft underbelly?"
Frydo says: "No."
Frydo says: "Why do you..."
<poem>Leegola says: "Get my friend out of your mouth."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "It is all over, Momon."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "We'll soon be down there defeating you."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "And it's all thanks to the existence of this fragile staircase."
Titanius Anglesmith says: "Whoa!"
Ignus rises up on a spider behind the pillar.
Ignus says: "Quick."
Ignus says: "Get on the magic bug."
Greyfarn says: "It's not a magic bug, you dope."
Greyfarn says: "It's a magic arachnid."
Greyfarn says: "Can't you count the legs?"
Ignus says: "No."
Greyfarn says: "Six, seven, eight."
Greyfarn says: "Not six, eight."
Greyfarn says: "I'll kill you, you imbecile."
Greyfarn's staff starts glowing like a lightsabre and Ignus pulls out a lightsabre looking device. Ignus hops off the magic spider and the two begin battling on the pillar.
Cut back to Momon and Frydo. Momon begins walking toward the die with Frydo still on the ground, but he sees this and stabs Momon in her belly with the tip of his tail.
Momon says: "My underbelly."
Momon says: "My one weakness."
The two dragons fall beside each other and groan while morphing back into their human forms.
Zoidberg Head says: "I got it."
Zoidberg Head says: "Now I can throw it in the hot thing over there and be the hero."
Zoidberg Head says: "On the other hand, infinite power might be nice."
Cut to the battle between Greyfarn and Ignus.
Ignus says: "Please, I'm trying to help you."
Greyfarn says: "Then why are you hitting me with a stick?"
Greyfarn says: "How stupid are you that you think that's helping?"
Ignus says: "Mommy never told you about my father."
Greyfarn says: "She said he was a foul He-demon."
Ignus says: "Exactly."
Ignus says: "You are my father."
Greyfarn says: "No."
Greyfarn says: "No, that's impossible."
Ignus says: "Search your feelings."
Ignus says: "You know it to be true."
Greyfarn says: "No!"
<poem>Ignus says: "Ya-huh!"
<poem>Ignus says: "I heard Mommy say so."
Greyfarn gasps as he hits his head one more time and falls off the large pillar.
<poem>Momon says: "Game over."
Frydo says: "No!"
Frydo says: "No!"
Everybody is screaming as they come flying out of the ground back into Mom's office.
Mom says: "What happened?"
Everybody is confused.
Leela says: "My God, we're out of that weird, crazy world and back in our regular crazy world."
Fry says: "Did we all just have some kind of freaky dream or was it ghosts?"
Farnsworth says: "Neither, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "It was science."
Farnsworth says: "Bender's mighty imagination amplified by a dark matter resonance created an alternate reality that very nearly blew our minds."
Hermes says: "Exactly."
Hermes says: "You can't make that kind of stuff up."
Mom says: "Quit trying to explain everything."
Mom says: "I defeated you in that world and I'll defeat you in this one."
Mom says: "Boys, the crystal’s still in his stomach."
Walt says: "Commencing intestinal flash flood."
Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Farnsworth says: "Before my moment of shame, can I..."
Mom says: "Yes, speak up."
Farnsworth and Igner look at each other, teary eyed.
Farnsworth says: "Can I give my boy a hug?"
Mom says: "All right."
Mom says: "Fine."
Mom says: "I've never done it."
Mom says: "I guess somebody should."
Inger says: "Daddy."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Like father, like son, eh, boy?"
Pan down to reveal that the two crystals are near each other in their stomachs.
Igner says: "We both eated the crysals."
<poem>Mom says: "No."
<poem>Mom says: "No!"
The two crystals pulse repeatedly then explode. Farnsworth and Igner belch together. Mom picks up a ball of Dark Matter and it desitegrates in her hand.
Mom says: "My dark matter."
Mom says: "It's worthless."
Farnsworth says: "That's right, Mom."
Farnsworth says: "But fear not, fancy folk for I've just thunk up an alternative energy source."
Farnsworth says: "Nibbler-power."
Nibbler says: "Hurray."
Nibbler says: "Wait."
Nibbler says: "What?"
Cut to a chicken swinging back and forth, clucking. Pull back to show several Nibblonians pulling the Planet Express ship while trying to reach the chicken that is hanging in front of them.
Farnsworth says: "Mush!"
Farnsworth says: "Mush!"
<poem>Bender says: "Whip harder, Professor."
They cheer.
Fade to black.
Closing Credits.
<poem>Garry Gygax says: "Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?"