[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Torn From Tomorrow's Headlines."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The hangar doors are open and the launching mechanism raises the ship into the launch position."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew sit at their stations."
Leela says: "Guidance system?"
Bender says: "Online."
Leela says: "Autopilot?"
Autopilot says: "Present."
Leela says: "Dark matter indicator?"
Fry says: "Making the noise."
Leela says: "All systems operational."
Leela says: "Let's rock!"
She pushes the gear lever forward.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The engines fire up."
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The ship takes off and the engines suddenly shut down."
[Cut to says: "The ship falls onto the road and the landing gear pops out."
[Cut to says: "Motorists honk their horns as the crashed ship causes a traffic jam."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender, Zoidberg and Hermes sit around the table."
[Scene says: "Leela stands holding a thick folder."
Leela says: "Gentlemen, I've completed my report on the crash."
She drops the thick file onto the table and everyone stares at it.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "I'm not reading that crap."
Bender says: "Summarise it in one word."
Leela says: "Sabotage."
Leela says: "This is a normal L-unit."
Leela says: "Without it, space travel is but the fevered dream of a madman."
Fry says: "Yep."
Bender says: "Of course."
Zoidberg says: "Doy!"
Hermes says: "It's an important unit."
Leela says: "And this, my friends, is the L-unit I just removed from the ship."
She pulls a sheet off an L-unit. It is straight. Everyone gasps.
Fry says: "That doesn't look like an "L" at all."
Fry says: "Unless you count lowercase."
Bender says: "You know we don't!"
He slaps Fry, who groans.
Leela says: "Whoever did this was strong."
Leela says: "This is 340 pounds of Tonka-tough steel."
Bender stands at her side and picks up the L-unit.
Bender says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "It should look like this."
Bender says: "But instead it looks like this."
He straightens it again.
Fry says: "Who would do a thing like that?"
Bender says: "Who could do a thing like that?"
Bender says: "And by "that", I mean this."
He bends the L-unit back and forth repeatedly.
Zoidberg says: "Well, gang, it looks like we have another mystery on our hands."
Hermes says: "I'd better make a chart of the suspects."
Hermes says: "I'll begin by drawing a line with my straight-edge."
Hermes says: "Sweet lamprey of Santa Fe!"
Hermes says: "My edge has been bent!"
Amy walks in wearing Mars University sweats.
Amy says: "Now we'll never beat Jupiter State."
Zoidberg says: "My slinky!"
Zoidberg says: "My cuddly, little pet slinky!"
He cries. Farnsworth walks in. He has been bent forward so his back is horizontal and his face is pointing downwards.
Farnsworth says: "What's all the hubbub?"
Leela says: "My God!"
Leela says: "Even the Professor's been bent."
Farnsworth says: "That you for your sympathy, talking square of linoleum."
Bender says: "I'll get you fixed up."
Bender says: "That's fine."
Amy says: "Wait a minute."
Amy says: "Bender, what did you just do to the Professor?"
Bender says: "I bent him."
More gasps.
Amy says: "Aha!"
Hermes says: "Bender!"
Zoidberg says: "J'accuse!"
Bender says: "Oh, I see."
Bender says: "A bunch of stuff gets bent so it must be the robot designed for bending."
Hermes says: "I know how to settle this: We'll check last night's surveillance tapes."
Fry says: "Huh?"
Amy says: "What tapes?"
Leela says: "Surveillance?"
Zoidberg says: "You've seen me naked?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Surveillance Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes presses a button and a panel in the wall slides up, revealing several screens and rows of tapes."
[Scene says: "Hermes runs his finger across the tapes."
Hermes says: "Ah."
Hermes says: "Last night's tape."
Hermes says: "It was right next to Bathroom Bloopers 4."
Bender takes the tape and puts it in the VCR. On the screen Farnsworth snores in his apartment lounge. Owls wander out of an owl hole and start pecking the floor.
Bender says: "See?"
Bender says: "Nothing."
Bender says: "Told you, losers."
Bender walks in on the screen with his arms outstretched.
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "There on the screen."
Fry says: "It's that guy you are."
Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "I'm sleepwalking."
Farnsworth watches a little TV monitor attached to his head.
Farnsworth says: "Dear God!"
Farnsworth says: "We've got robots on the ceiling."
On the screen, Bender mumbles in his sleep. He bends a column and the staff gasp. Then he bends a sofa cushion, a plant and eventually Farnsworth, who groans but remains asleep. Bender turns around and bends the camera. The picture cuts to static.
Fry says: "You weren't sleepwalking, you were sleep-bending!"
Bender says: "This is quite a shock."
Bender says: "On the other hand, it's not surprising in the least."
Bender says: "After all, I've been bending since the day I was built."
Flashback. Large robotic arms assemble a bending unit on a conveyor belt.
Bender says: "I was born on an assembly line in the bad part of Tijuana."
A robotic arm selects a bending unit head from a box filled with other robot heads, including Flexo's. It screws the head onto the body and Bender opens his eyes.
Bender says: "Mama."
Bender says: "Hooray!"
Bender says: "I graduated!"
Bender says: "Time to bend around Europe for a few months, then get a job bending."
He bends his diploma.
Flashback ends.
Amy says: "You remember your own birth?"
Bender says: "Sure."
Bender says: "It was only four years ago."
Fry says: "You're only four years old?"
Bender says: "Precocious little scamp, ain't I?"
He takes a puff from a cigar.
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "Bender must have a pent-up need to bend that's not being satisfied by his bend-free lifestyle."
Farnsworth says: "Then he can't stay here."
Farnsworth says: "He's a menace to every straight person in the company."
Farnsworth says: "Go satisfy your bend lust and don't you come back to work until you do."
He puts his hand up and tips backwards.
Outside Curvetti Bros. Bending Plant. Robots have formed a picket line outside.
Robots says: "No more bending, no more work."
Robots says: "Give us a raise, you big fat jerk."
Sal leans out of a window.
Sal says: "Nevers!"
A car pulls up next to the robots and Joey Mousepad leans out. He whistles to them.
Joey says: "Yo!"
Joey says: "The Mafia supports you."
Joey says: "But don't tell no one."
Joey says: "Spread the word."
He leans back in.
[Cut to says: "Mafiabot Car."
[Cut to says: "Clamps and Donbot are with Joey."
Donbot says: "As the duly-elected mobsters of this union, it's our duty to support the struggle of these proud, lazy slobs."
Joey says: "Yeah, but what if management remains intragnizent?"
Donbot says: "From the context it is clear what you mean."
Donbot says: "In that case, Clamps may have a little surprise for them."
Clamps says: "The clamps!"
Clamps says: "Right?"
Donbot nods and Clamps laughs maniacally.
[Scene says: "Outside Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
[Scene says: "Bender arrives and sees the robots."
Bender says: "Aw, no!"
Bender says: "A strike?"
Bender says: "Now I'll never get to bend anything."
Bender says: "Oh, woe is Bender."
Robot #1 says: "Hang tough, brother."
Robot #1 says: "Management refused our demand to switch casual Friday to Monday."
Bender says: "What?"
Robot #2 says: "And now they're hiring scabs at ten-times the normal wage."
Bender says: "Ten-times normal wage?"
Bender says: "I'll give those jerks what for!"
He walks straight through the fence towards the factory and the robots cheer him on.
[Scene says: "Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
[Scene says: "Bender shakes Sal's hand."
Sal says: "Welcomes aboard, scab."
Bender says: "Great to be here."
Sal says: "Come on."
Sal says: "I'll introduces you to your scab co-workers you'll be scabbing with."
Sal says: "This here's our scab foreman."
The bending unit turns around.
Bender says: "Flexo?"
Flexo says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "Hey, sorry you got sent to that South American Turkish prison instead of me on account of mistaken identity."
Flexo says: "You bastard!"
Flexo says: "They treated me like an animal and that's what I became!"
Flexo says: "Nah, you're alright."
Flexo says: "Good to see you, buddy!"
They high-five.
Sal says: "And here's another scab what also works here, Angle-ine."
Bender gasps and stares at the Fembot, blurry-eyed. She is thin and has blonde hair.
Bender says: "Hello."
Angle-ine smiles.
Sal says: "Hey, yous guyses wanna move that things?"
Robots move a pane of frosted glass from in front of Angle-ine, revealing her to be more heavily-built than Bender thought.
Bender says: "Hello!"
Angle-ine laughs croakily then coughs.
[Scene says: "Outside Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
[Scene says: "The robots still march and chant."
Robots says: "Give us a raise, you big fat jerk."
[Cut to says: "Curvetti Bros."
[Cut to says: "Bending Plant."
[Cut to says: "A girder drops into Flexo's hands."
Sal says: "Nevers!"
Flexo bends the girder and moves it aside. Bender stands in front of him and bends a girder. Angle-ine bends wires into wire coat hangers. Bender gazes at her and sighs. A girder hits him on the head.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Um, hi, Angle-ine."
Bender says: "Whatcha up to?"
Angle-ine says: "Making hangers."
Angle-ine says: "Guidance counsellor said I had a knack for it."
Bender says: "That's cool, that's cool."
Bender says: "So, um, uh, I was wondering if, y'know, it's cool if not, but, what are you doing after work?"
Angle-ine says: "What I always do."
Angle-ine says: "Jack squat."
Bender chuckles.
Bender says: "Me too."
Bender says: "Man, we have a lot in common, huh?"
Angle-ine says: "Well we are made of virtually identical components."
Bender says: "Are you sure?"
Bender says: "Maybe I should sneak a peek at your access panel."
Angle-ine holds up a leaflet.
Angle-ine says: "Hey, according to the scab handbook that's extremely inappropriate banter."
Angle-ine says: "And that's just the way I like it."
Bender smiles.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Hermes tries to straighten his straight edge."
[Scene says: "Behind him the ship is a battered mess."
Hermes says: "Haile H."
Hermes says: "Selassie!"
He bends it straight. Beside him, Zoidberg has re-curled his slinky, though it doesn't really look right.
Zoidberg says: "There, little friend."
Zoidberg says: "Good as new."
He strokes it and puts it atop a pile of books he has arranged like stairs. He nudges the slinky and it flops down the books and bursts into flames. Zoidberg groans and bursts into tears.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Farnsworth walk down the rough street."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth is looking upwards and doesn't notice how bad the street and the inhabitants of it are."
Farnsworth says: "What an exquisite day."
Farnsworth says: "That azure sky, the verdant treetops."
Farnsworth says: "Those delightful birds with their chirp, chirp, chirp and their tweet, tweet, splat."
They pass a dog leaving it's mark on a fire hydrant and two hookers wearing jet packs.
Fry says: "Professor, I've never seen you so cheerful."
Fry says: "What the hell's wrong with you?"
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "I'm not quite sure."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps seeing things from a new perspective has reminded me of life's beauty."
Farnsworth says: "Or perhaps my new posture is causing blood to pool in the back of my brain, resulting in a mild delirium."
Farnsworth says: "Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose."
Fry says: "I wish!"
Fry says: "It's a nickel."
[Scene says: "Outside Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
[Scene says: "A new day dawns and Bender passes the picket line wearing a hardhat and carrying a lunchbox."
[Scene says: "He waves his fist."
Bender says: "Union forever!"
Bender says: "Lousy scabs!"
Bender says: "They can't do those things!"
Bender says: "Et cetera!"
[Scene says: "Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
Bender says: "I bet watching me bend girders like this turns your legs all rubbery."
Angle-ine says: "Well my legs are made of rubber."
Angle-ine says: "And anyway, I am just as strong as you are, Mac."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Here, let me help you."
He puts his arms around her and together they bend the girder into a heart shape. A few bars of Unchained Melody play as they gaze into each other's eyes. They lean in and kiss, and sparks fly.
[Montage says: "Bender and Angle-ine date to American Breed's Bend Me, Shape Me."
[Montage says: "At a fairground stall, Bender tries to knock down a pile of bottles with a ball but repeatedly misses."
[Montage says: "Angle-ine looks away in dismay so Bender throws the ball at the man in the stall, knocking him out."
[Montage says: "He takes a big stuffed pig and gives it to Angle-ine then steals the man's wallet and they run off."
[Montage says: "Later, they enjoy a boat ride on a lake."
[Montage says: "Bender's detached arms row the boat and he and Angle-ine cuddle."
[Montage says: "Still later, they ride a tandem through the park."
[Montage says: "Fry scoots alongside them using the Professor as a bicycle and Hermes and Zoidberg hold some tape at the finish line."
[Montage says: "Fry and Farnsworth get ahead and Bender takes a stick out of his chest cabinet and puts it between the spokes of Farnsworth's wheel, causing him and Fry to fly through the air."
[Montage says: "They land in a lake and Bender laughs as he and Angle-ine cut through the tape."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Leela, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy and Hermes sit around the table."
[Scene says: "For some reason everyone except Farnsworth is tied to their chair and Leela's ponytail points to her right."
Farnsworth says: "My new bent outlook has completely re-energised me."
Farnsworth says: "I'm even dating a young Brazilian retired actress."
Fry says: "Alright!"
Amy cheers.
Farnsworth says: "Some say I'm robbing the cradle but I say she's robbing the grave."
Bender wanders in sideways. It turns out the meeting table has been stuck to the wall so Farnsworth can see everyone eye-to-eye.
Bender says: "Howdy, doodies."
Bender says: "What's new?"
He uses his suction feet to walk up the wall and sit in an empty chair.
Bender says: "Yeah, yeah!"
Bender says: "Big whoop!"
Bender says: "No one cares."
Bender says: "I got Bender-related news."
Bender says: "I'm in love and I'm taking all my friends out to celebrate."
Everyone cheers.
Amy says: "Let's get liquored up!"
Bender walks down to the floor and everyone else falls out of their seats and land in a pile on the floor.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The evening's special is blackened leftovers."
[Scene says: "The crew sit around a table and Farnsworth leans against it with his legs behind him."
Elzar says: "Hey, look at this crowd."
Elzar says: "You guys gotta try the pasta."
Elzar says: "It's got a real nice profit margin."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Elzar says: "So, special occasion tonight?"
Bender says: "Oh, Elzar, you'll never guess what's happened?"
Elzar says: "Bam?"
Bender says: "I met the most dynamite ladybot."
Elzar says: "Hey, that's terrific."
Elzar says: "To celebrate, I'm gonna stick seven copies of my latest cookbook on your bill."
He holds up his book, Three More Recipes and leaves.
Bender says: "Bless you, sir."
Farnsworth says: "So, Bender, tell us about this new girlfriend of yours."
Bender says: "I intend to."
Bender says: "Through the lost art of the toast."
Bender says: "To Angle-ine, she's got it all."
Bender says: "Looks, charm and the love of a fabulous bending robot."
Fry says: "She sure does."
He points across the room. Bender turns and gasps. Flexo and Angle-ine sit at a table laughing.
Bender says: "Flexo!"
He picks up a baguette and tries to break it. Elzar walks past at the back of the room.
Elzar says: "Careful, that's a week old!"
Bender grunts and the stick breaks, then his arms fall off. He reattaches them and mutters to himself.
Bender says: "I finally meet a nice girl with a pair of legs that don't quit unexpectedly and that jerk Flexo steals her away?"
Bender says: "It's time to kick some shiny, metal ass."
Bender says: "You degenerate hussy!"
Bender says: "I'm disappointed in you too, Angle-ine."
Angle-ine says: "Bender, it's-it's not what you think."
Bender says: "Oh, God!"
Bender says: "Then it's worse than I think."
Angle-ine says: "Now, look, there is no reason to be upset."
Angle-ine says: "Flexo and I are divorced."
Bender says: "Div-- Huh?"
Flexo says: "We're just havin' dinner 'cause we wanna stay friends."
Bender says: "Uh, I knew that."
Bender says: "What I'm actually outraged by is your choice of wine."
Bender says: "Really, it's the steward's fault."
He smacks a passing steward.
Steward says: "Excellent choice, sir."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender paces backwards and forwards muttering to himself."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela sit on the couch and Farnsworth leans against it."
[Scene says: "Leela reads a book."
Bender says: "That Flexo, I'm knockin' him right on his butt."
Bender says: "I can't believe this."
Farnsworth says: "Obsessing won't help, Bender."
Farnsworth says: "Take a lean back and enjoy life."
Bender says: "I can't."
Bender says: "My Fembot may be in love with another Manbot."
Leela says: "Well talk to her."
Leela says: "Tell her about your feelings in an open an honest way."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "Either that or be a man."
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "At dusk, Bender paces around the apartment while Fry trims a plant into the shape of the Planet Express ship."
Bender says: "OK, I've constructed an elaborate lie: I'll call Angle-ine while pretending to be Flexo, arrange a date, show up disguised as him and catch her two-timing me with myself."
Fry says: "That's thinkin' like a man."
Bender picks up the phone and dials.
Bender says: "Hello?"
Bender says: "This is Flexo."
[Scene says: "Outside The Hip Joint."
[Scene says: "A taxi flies towards the club and Bender gets out."
[Scene says: "It's Robot Nite and designated device drivers drink free."
[Scene says: "Bender opens his chest cabinet and sticks a goatee to his chin."
Bender says: "Now we'll see who loves whom."
He cackles and walks in.
[Cut to says: "The Hip Joint."
[Cut to says: "Bender looks around and sees Angle-ine at the bar."
Bender says: "Hey, hot stuff."
Angle-ine says: "Hey, Flexo."
Angle-ine says: "So since when do you go to bars on work nights?"
Angle-ine says: "It's not like you at all."
Bender says: "Nonsense."
Bender says: "It's exactly like me."
Bender says: "Flexo: The fun-loving love machine Fembots love to love."
Bender says: "Hey, barkeep, I'll have a Fuzzy Navel and she'll have the girliest drink in the house."
Bartender-bot says: "Two Fuzzy Navel's comin' up."
Bender takes a wad of cash out of his chest cabinet.
Bender says: "I hope they can make change for a fortune."
He tosses the cash over the bar. On the other side of the bar the Mafiabots watch him.
Joey says: "Yo."
Joey says: "Get an eye-load of that filthy scab with the beard flashing his filthy scab money."
Joey says: "It's an insult to you, boss."
Donbot says: "Yeah."
Donbot says: "That cash oughta be slushin' my fund and kicksing my back."
Clamps says: "I'm greasing up my whoozits!"
He squirts oil on his clamps.
Donbot says: "Whoa, whoa, Clamps, not yet."
Donbot says: "Let's just keep an eye on him and see if he does it a couple more times."
Bender and Angle-ine drink.
Bender says: "You're lookin' good to Flexo tonight."
Angle-ine says: "Quit makin' with the googly eyes."
Angle-ine says: "You know that I'm in love with Bender."
Bender says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "That walking wuss factory?"
Angle-ine says: "Well he may be a walking factory but believe me he is no wuss."
Angle-ine says: "Now, look, you and me are through."
Angle-ine says: "I told you that when I divorced you."
Bender says: "But going through a divorce together, you can't tell me that didn't bring us closer."
Bender says: "Care to dance?"
Angle-ine says: "You know I love dancing but you always hated it."
Bender says: "In that case it's something I've always wanted to make up to you."
Bender says: "Hey, scratchmo."
Bender says: "How 'bout dropping me and the lady some rump-rattling beats?"
He takes out his cash and throws it at the DJ-bot. The Mafiabots watch.
Donbot says: "I had hoped that by the second time he flashed his cash my rage would have subsided."
Donbot says: "Sadly that has not happened."
Clamps sharpens his clamps. Bender and Angle-ine dance with the other robots.
Angle-ine says: "You used to be so inflexible, Flexo."
Angle-ine says: "You have really loosened up!"
Bender says: "I recently upgraded my funk card."
Bender says: "C'mon!"
He dances.
Angle-ine says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "C'mon now, what's new!"
Bender says: "Ew!"
He wipes it on his casing.
Angle-ine says: "Flexo?"
Angle-ine says: "What-What's going on?"
Bender laughs weakly and puts the goatee back on his face.
Bender says: "Um..."
He grabs Angle-ine and tilts her back and she laughs.
Angle-ine says: "Flexo!"
The robots dancing on the platforms start to fall apart and they rain on Bender and Angle-ine.
Time Lapse. Bender and Angle-ine sit at a table as the janitor sweeps the robot parts off the empty floor.
Bender says: "So the moral of the story is: If you want it to stay sunk, tie a weight to it!"
They laugh.
Angle-ine says: "You always were a kick in the teeth, man."
Bender says: "Aw, shucks, thunder-buns!"
Bender says: "You make me feel like a million volts."
Angle-ine sighs and stirs her finger around the rim of her glass.
Angle-ine says: "Flexo, Flexo, Flexo."
Angle-ine says: "I'm starting to remember why I fell for you in the first place."
Bender says: "So, she's falling for Flexo, eh?"
Bender says: "I'd better seduce her a little more, just to be sure."
Angle-ine says: "Well, it's late."
Angle-ine says: "I should get home to my trailer."
Bender says: "I'll walk you out."
Bender says: "After all, a true gentleman tends to his date's every need."
Bender says: "Tiparillo?"
[Scene says: "Outside The Hip Joint."
[Scene says: "Bender and Angle-ine walk out smoking their cigars."
[Scene says: "Bender hands a valet some money."
Bender says: "Here you are, my lad."
Bender says: "Bring the lady's car around in the finest way possible."
[Cut to says: "Mafiabot Car."
[Cut to says: "The mobbots watch."
Joey says: "He's flashin' his cash loaf again."
Donbot says: "How many times is that?"
Donbot says: "Two or three?"
Clamps says: "Three."
Donbot says: "Alright."
Donbot says: "That's the necessary number of times."
Donbot says: "That scab's gonna have a little on-the-job accident."
Joey says: "With all due respect, Donbot, I don't think we should rely on an accident happening."
Joey says: "Let's kill him ourselves."
Donbot groans.
[Cut to says: "Outside The Hip Joint."
[Cut to says: "Angle-ine stands by her car."
'Angle-ine says: "Well, goodnight."
'Angle-ine says: "I-I had a great time."
Bender says: "How 'bout a lift?"
Bender says: "To your place."
Angle-ine says: "What?"
Bender says: "Admit it."
Bender says: "You felt something for me tonight."
Bender says: "And by "me" I mean Flexo."
Bender says: "But?"
Bender says: "But?"
Angle-ine says: "Huh?"
Angle-ine says: "Bender!"
Angle-ine says: "You tricked me."
Bender says: "That's right, baby."
Bender says: "I ain't your lover boy, Flexo, the guy you love so much."
Bender says: "You even love anybody pretending to be him."
Angle-ine says: "Well maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you're pretending to be."
Bender says: "Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that!"
Bender says: "There's only one reasonable course of action now: Kill Flexo."
Bender says: "Ow!"
He takes Angle-ine's car and flies away. She runs after him to the edge of the platform.
Angle-ine says: "Nooo!"
[Scene says: "Curvetti Bros."
[Scene says: "Bending Plant."
[Scene says: "Flexo hums as he bends girders."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in and pushes Flexo."
Flexo says: "Thanks, I appreciate that."
Flexo says: "Nah, I'm joshing you."
Flexo says: "That was quite annoying."
Bender says: "You call yourself divorced?"
Bender says: "You're making a mockery of one of our oldest institutions."
Flexo says: "What?"
Bender punches him and they start fighting. In a control room above, the mobbots watch. Clamps operates a set of controls that hold a large unbendable girder above the factory floor.
Clamps says: "Alright, boss, give the word and I'll drop this unbendable girder."
Clamps says: "Clamp, clamp, ka-bamp!"
Donbot says: "Remember, only kill the one with the beard."
Donbot says: "That other filthy scab we got nothing against."
Clamps moves the girder and Flexo pushes Bender against a wall. Bender opens Flexo's door and punches the roof of his chest cabinet. Flexo groans.
Flexo says: "That's low!"
Angle-ine runs around the corner.
Angle-ine says: "Please stop!"
Angle-ine says: "I'm not worth it!"
Bender says: "Probably not."
Bender says: "But I love you and I'm gonna kick his ass till I win you back."
He pushes Flexo into the middle of the room and Clamps moves the girder again. Flexo starts choking Bender.
Donbot says: "OK, Clamps."
Donbot says: "Now!"
The girder drops and Bender and Flexo fall to the floor. Angle-ine screams and the mobbots look through the window.
Clamps says: "Ooh, that's gotta clamp!"
Flexo has been crushed under the girder. Angle-ine kneels by him.
Angle-ine says: "Flexo?"
Angle-ine says: "Are you OK?"
Flexo says: "Yeah, never better."
Flexo says: "Nah, I'm yankin' your chain, I'm dying."
Angle-ine says: "You can't die."
Angle-ine says: "Tonight Bender showed me that I love you."
Bender says: "But, I love you."
Angle-ine says: "I know and I care for you too."
Angle-ine says: "But I could never love anyone as much as you made me realise I love Flexo."
She hugs Flexo and cries.
Bender says: "But..."
Bender says: "but..."
Bender says: "I love you so much, Angle-ine, I want you to be happy no matter what."
Angle-ine says: "What, what are you saying?"
Bender says: "I'm saying I've got an unbendable girder to bend."
Angle-ine says: "You can't bend that girder."
Angle-ine says: "It's unbendable!"
Bender says: "Well I don't know anything about lifting, so that just leaves us the one option."
He grunts as he tries to bend the girder. He stops and takes some BENDGAY out of his chest cabinet. He rubs it on his hands and arms and tries bending again. Oil dribbles down his forehead, his door pops off and his antenna explodes but he finally manages to bend the girder away from Flexo's head. Flexo waddles out from under it and shakes Bender's hand.
Flexo says: "Thanks, buddy."
Flexo says: "Another year under that and I'd have been a goner."
Angle-ine hugs Bender.
Angle-ine says: "I'll always remember this, Bender."
She hugs Flexo and Bender wipes a tear away from his eye.
Bender says: "Jerk."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
Leela says: "So Flexo and Angle-ine had sex right there on the factory floor?"
Leela says: "Well, at least you got bending out of your system."
Bender says: "Yes."
Bender says: "I won't be up to bending again for a long, long time."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps it's your outlook that needs a good bend."
Farnsworth says: "A 90-degree bend to a place where happiness is perpendicular to wonderment."
Fry says: "Professor, we're all sick of your upbeat attitude."
Amy says: "I'll say."
Zoidberg says: "Believe it."
Farnsworth says: "Nonsense."
You gotta bend away all your trouble and your strife,.
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Bender, you've gotta help us."
Bender says: "I try to get out but they keep pulling me back in."
He stands up and rolls up his sleeves.
Have a new angle,.
Wangle a new dangle on life,.
Bender bends him and he screams. He has bent right over backwards.
Amy says: "No, Bender!"
Amy says: "The other way."
Bender says: "I like him better this way."
Farnsworth says: "I'm sad now."
Leela says: "Eh, it's fine."
Closing Credits.