[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Simulcast On Crazy People's Fillings."
[Scene says: "Outside Mmm TV Studio."
[Scene says: "There is a large sign on the door with a picture of Elzar and "Elzar Live!"
[Scene says: "Now Taping"."
[Scene says: "Smartly-dressed people walk through the VIP Entrance and Fry, Bender and Leela walk through the P Entrance, which is just a normal door next to the VIP Entrance."
[Cut to says: "Mmm TV Studio."
[Cut to says: "At the back of the room people sit in bleachers."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Bender and Leela take a seat at a table near the front."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "I'm finally gonna see my favourite chef, TV's Elzar."
Bender says: "Oh this is the greatest nanosecond of my life."
Bender says: "No, this one is-- No, this one."
Bender says: "Wait..."
Bender says: "that one was slightly worse."
Bender says: "Ah, so far, so good on this one."
The lights dim and Bender squeaks. There is a drum roll and spotlights fly around the kitchen studio at the front.
Announcer says: "And now, here he is: Chef, restaurateur, author of Cooking Slugs For Dinner and Cooking Dinner For Slugs..."
Announcer says: "Elzar!"
The audience applauds and Bender leaps up cheering.
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Yeah, yeah, baby!"
He hoots. Elzar takes off the jetpacks and shakes hands with cheering members of the audience.
Man says: "Elzar!"
Man says: "Alright!"
Bender block Elzar's path.
Bender says: "Elzar, you're my God."
Bender says: "Please sign this sketch I drew of you."
Bender says: "Oh, Elzar!"
Bender says: "Bless you!"
He hugs Elzar, who struggles to get out of his grip.
Elzar says: "Now this is why I prefer your non-stick robots."
The audience laughs and Elzar tickles Bender with an electric whisk. Bender chuckles and lets go of Elzar. Elzar runs to the front of the room.
Bender says: "Alright, yeah!"
Elzar says: "Hey, I hope you folks like Cajun food."
Elzar says: "'Cause today we're making Elzar's down-home Neptune-style gumbo."
Elzar says: "Now, step one."
Elzar says: "You wanna boil some oysters in a pot of down-home Neptune-style gumbo."
Bender says: "Boiled?"
Bender says: "Interesting."
Leela says: "Bender, please try to be a little quieter."
Bender says: "No, you shut up."
Elzar says: "Of course, every now and then you'll wanna knock it up a notch with a blast from your spice weasel."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bender says: "Bam it again, Elzar!"
Bender says: "Knock it up another notch!"
Elzar says: "Jeez, who let this guy through the metal detector?"
Bender says: "Come on, you wimp!"
Bender says: "Work that weasel!"
Bender says: "Quit holding out on us."
Elzar sighs.
Elzar says: "If you promise to stop interrupting, alright."
Elzar says: "Against my will, I'm gonna knock it up another notch."
Bender takes a camera out of his chest cabinet.
Bender says: "I gotta get this notch-up-knocking on film."
Bender says: "Hey, Elzar, think fast."
Elzar says: "What, huh?"
The flash goes off and Elzar blasts the spice weasel straight into Leela's eye.
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "My eye!"
Leela says: "I'm blind!"
The crowd gasps and murmurs.
Bender says: "Bam!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "An ambulance speeds through the streets and stops outside the Taco Bellevue Hospital."
[Cut to says: "Taco Bellevue Hospital."
[Cut to says: "Paramedics run in with Leela on a hover-bed."
[Cut to says: "In a cubicle a small doctor examines Hattie."
Hattie says: "Tell me, doctor, how's my cyst?"
The doctor is a near dead ringer for Gidget the Taco Bell Chihuahua.
Taco Bellevue Doctor says: "Grande."
[Scene says: "Taco Bellevue Hospital Eye Clinic."
[Scene says: "While a doctor examines Leela's bloodshot eye, Zoidberg, dressed in scrubs, talks to Fry."
Zoidberg says: "I don't like the looks of this doctor."
Zoidberg says: "I bet I've lost more patients than he's even treated."
Doctor #2 says: "OK."
Doctor #2 says: "What does this look like to you?"
He holds up a picture of a blob to Leela.
Leela says: "Um..."
Leela says: "a grey-ish blob?"
Doctor #2 says: "Right."
Doctor #2 says: "And this one?"
Leela says: "Um..."
Leela says: "a grey-ish blob?"
Doctor #2 says: "Not as right that time."
Doctor #2 says: "It looks like you might have some mild corneal irritation."
Zoidberg says: "Nice try, little boy."
Zoidberg says: "You may have your textbook knowledge and your real diploma but I have more skill in my little claw than you have in your whole carapace!"
He screams and clacks his claws at the doctor.
Doctor #2 says: "You seem a bit tense."
Doctor #2 says: "Here, try these."
Zoidberg says: "Sure, butter me up with candy."
Zoidberg says: "But it won't work, sonny!"
Zoidberg says: "Why always the fighting?"
He walks away and the doctor turns to Leela.
Doctor #2 says: "Your eye just needs some rest."
Doctor #2 says: "You'll have to wear this patch for about a week."
He puts a black eye patch over Leela's eye and she groans.
Leela says: "A week?"
Leela says: "What do you think, Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg?"
Zoidberg, still high, clacks his claw past his face.
Zoidberg says: "Clack."
[Scene says: "Taco Bellevue Hospital Waiting Room."
[Scene says: "Amy and Bender pace around."
[Scene says: "The doors open and Leela and Zoidberg walk in."
[Scene says: "Leela seems to be holding onto Zoidberg's arm."
Zoidberg says: "Thanks for the help, Leela."
He sits down. Fry joins Amy and Bender.
Amy says: "Leela, we're right here."
Leela says: "I'm not deaf."
Leela says: "I just have to wear this stupid eye patch."
Leela says: "Does it look stupid?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "In fact, it looks so nice I think I might get one too."
He gestures an emphatic "no" to the others. Enter Elzar.
Bender says: "It's Elzar again!"
Bender says: "Oh, my God, I'm so excited, I wish I could wet my pants!"
Elzar says: "Leela, please, let me make this up to you."
Elzar says: "You and your friends are all invited to my restaurant tonight."
Elzar says: "I'm gonna bam you up a dinner you'll never forget."
Amy says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Hooray for blind-y!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, God!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm coming down!"
[Scene says: "Outside Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "A couple fly in on jetpacks and the valets take them and fly away."
[Cut to says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Cut to says: "The whole staff are out for the evening."
[Cut to says: "Waiters hold plates piled high with food."
Elzar says: "Folks, tell the neighbours to watch your mouth 'cause your taste buds are going on vacation."
Elzar says: "I made you each your own special meal, so dig in!"
A waiter puts a plate in front of Hermes and he gasps.
Hermes says: "It's the biggest Jamaican platter I've ever seen."
Hermes says: "Jerk chicken, jerk beef, jerk pork."
Hermes says: "Is there any meat this man can't jerk?"
Zoidberg looks at his plate.
Zoidberg says: "The king crab is to die for."
Zoidberg says: "Look!"
Zoidberg says: "A tiny edible crown."
He eats it.
Amy says: "What's it made of?"
Zoidberg says: "Wood!"
Bender eats his food. Whatever it is it's burning. Fry has a burger.
Bender says: "Oh, Fry, you gotta try this sterno-nicoise!"
Fry says: "No, thanks."
Fry says: "That's robot food."
Bender says: "It's so good."
Bender says: "Oh, just try a little!"
Fry says: "No, really, I don't--  Mmm!"
Amy says: "Are you doing alright over there, Leela?"
Leela says: "Oh, yeah, this salad's fantastic."
Leela says: "So fresh."
She eats it.
[Scene says: "Outside Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The couple from earlier have finished their meal and the valets return their jetpacks."
[Cut to says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Cut to says: "The staff have finished their meal too."
[Cut to says: "Hermes pushes his empty plate away, sighs and pats his stomach."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth wipes his mouth and Bender opens his door and burps."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my."
Farnsworth says: "That steamed carrot was a bit spicy for me."
Elzar walks in behind him with a tray of chocolates.
Elzar says: "Everybody enjoy their dinner?"
Leela says: "Are you kidding me?"
Amy says: "Uh-huh."
Bender says: "God, yes, Elzar."
Elzar says: "Well, I enjoyed cooking for you."
Elzar says: "And to make everything completely square, I want you to have these complimentary after-dinner chocolates."
They take the chocolates. Underneath is a piece of paper.
Hermes says: "What's this under the chocolates?"
Elzar says: "Yeah, you take care of that whenever you want."
Hermes says: "Hey."
Amy says: "A bill?"
Leela says: "You're charging us?"
Leela says: "After you blinded me?"
Elzar says: "Hey, I made you a nice meal."
Elzar says: "This ain't a charity."
Fry says: "$1200?"
Farnsworth says: "Holy Zombie Jesus!"
Hermes says: "We don't have that kind of money."
Hermes says: "Especially not Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "They took away my credit card."
Elzar says: "OK, OK, wait."
Elzar says: "I know how to take care of this, no problem."
Time Lapse. URL puts some cuffs on Leela. The rest of the staff are cuffed too.
URL says: "You deadbeats are under arrest."
URL says: "It's a stone cold shame."
Fry picks his nose.
Smitty says: "He's making a break for it."
Smitty says: "Get him!"
He and URL draw their lightsabers.
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "I was just picking my nose."
Smitty says: "He's picking his nose."
Smitty says: "Get him!"
He and URL bash Fry around the head.
[Scene says: "Outside Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The staff file out of the restaurant into the police van."
Smitty says: "The old dine-and-dash, huh?"
Smitty says: "My daddy owned a restaurant and it's punks like you who kept it from going regional."
Smitty says: "That's why I became a cop."
URL says: "Now it's payback time."
URL says: "Aw, yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Please don't hit me."
Zoidberg says: "I'm brittle!"
Bender says: "Hey, wait a second."
Bender says: "I've got the perfect solution."
Zoidberg says: "Listen to the smart robot."
Bender says: "I love cooking and Elzar's ass loves getting kissed, right?"
Elzar says: "No question."
Bender says: "So, how 'bout I work part-time at the restaurant to pay off our debt?"
Elzar says: "I don't know."
Elzar says: "I usually hire people who are a little less unbearable."
Hermes says: "Oh, Bender's a model employee."
Amy says: "He's so polite."
Leela says: "And hard-working."
Fry says: "He's made of candy."
Elzar says: "OK, fine, I'll give it a shot."
Fry says: "Alright!"
Hermes says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Hot diggety!"
Smitty and URL take the cuffs off.
Smitty says: "You'd better keep your nose clean."
Bender says: "That'll be easy."
Bender says: "I never wear the damn thing."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes addresses the crew at the morning meeting."
Hermes says: "Ah!"
Hermes says: "Time for my precious 10am meeting."
Hermes says: "Where in Legoland is Leela?"
Leela walks in with Nibbler on a lead.
Leela says: "I'm here and I'm getting along just fine, thank you."
Leela says: "My walk to work today just took a little longer than usual."
Leela says: "Nibbler took me through the zoo for some reason."
Nibbler coughs up some antlers. Leela sits down on Zoidberg and he groans.
Amy says: "Leela, a little help is nothing to be embarrassed about."
Amy says: "Like, maybe I could do your makeup."
Leela says: "I don't need help."
Leela says: "For your information I did this all by myself."
She turns around. The other side of her face is messed up with squiggly lines of lipstick and mascara everywhere.
Farnsworth says: "You look beautiful."
Farnsworth says: "Incidentally, my favourite artist is Picasso."
Enter Bender.
Bender says: "Well, I'm off to work at the restaurant."
Bender says: "One of you will have to fill in for me while I'm gone."
Farnsworth says: "Better yet, I'll build someone to fill in for you."
Farnsworth says: "Some kind of gamma-powered mechanical monster, with freeway on-ramps for arms and a heart as black as coal..."
He walks through the door. Bender turns to the rest of the staff.
Bender says: "Well, if that new guy can't handle things, gimme a call."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine Foyer."
[Scene says: "Elzar empties the cash from the till into his pockets."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in covered in grease and wearing an apron."
Bender says: "I'm done siphoning out the grease trap."
Bender says: "I think I need a mint."
Bender says: "So, uh, what job do I move up to?"
Bender says: "Pastry chef?"
Bender says: "Saucier?"
Bender says: "Soup guy?"
Elzar says: "Bam!"
He holds up a plunger and Bender takes it.
Bender says: "Hey, who are they?"
Elzar says: "Let's just say they're very good customers and I'm not answering anymore questions."
Bender says: "Are they the Robot Mafia?"
Elzar says: "Yes."
[Cut to says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Cut to says: "The waitress shows the Mafiabots to their table."
Donbot says: "You call this a table?"
Donbot says: "You call this a table?"
Donbot says: "I wouldn't hit a guy over the head with this table."
Clamps says: "You hear that?"
Clamps says: "The Donbot don't like it."
Clamps says: "I oughta clamp you."
Clamps says: "You wanna be clamped?"
He shows her his clamps and she flinches. The second mobbot, Joey Mouse Pad, pulls him away.
Joey says: "Whoa!"
Joey says: "Whoa!"
Joey says: "Calm down, Clamps."
Joey says: "The boss, he likes a wall up which his back can be put against."
Joey says: "Such as like this there."
He points at a table with a family already sitting at it.
Enter Bender.
Bender says: "Ah, let me bus that for you, gentlemen."
He slides the plates off the table and they fall to the floor and break.
Woman says: "Oh!"
Man says: "I can't believe this!"
Bender says: "Mind your own business and get out!"
The family storm out and Bender kicks the plates around some more.
Donbot says: "Huh."
Donbot says: "I like this guy's lack of style."
Time Lapse. The mobbots are sat at their table.
Clamps says: "So I finally get this guy a pair of cement shoes which he likes 'cause they're lighter than his lead ones."
Bender hands them their change on a tray and starts to leave.
Donbot says: "Hey!"
Donbot says: "You think this computes over here?"
Donbot says: "Where's all my change?"
Donbot says: "I gave you a hundred."
Bender says: "No, you gave me a fifty."
Donbot says: "Oh, no I didn't."
Bender says: "Yeah, you did."
Clamps says: "Hey, you tryin' to steal from the Donbot?"
Bender says: "I'm tryin' but he's not makin' it easy."
Clamps and Joey stand up and Bender steps back. Donbot laughs. Clamps and Joey join in.
Donbot says: "Get a load of the ball bearings on this guy, huh."
Donbot says: "I like you, kid."
Donbot says: "Here's something for your trouble."
Donbot says: "It's money."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Thanks."
Donbot says: "Hey, you earned that 50 bucks."
Bender says: "You gave me a twenty."
Donbot says: "I did?"
Donbot says: "I got a good feeling about you."
Donbot says: "Say, you wanna work for me as a hired goon?"
Bender says: "Are you kidding?"
Bender says: "I've always wanted to break into gooning!"
Bender says: "Hey, Elzar!"
Bender says: "I quit!"
Elzar says: "K."
[Scene says: "Alley."
[Scene says: "Bender is with the mobbots."
[Scene says: "Donbot holds a 3."
[Scene says: "5" disk."
Donbot says: "We're gonna try you out with a little delivery job."
Donbot says: "It's for a, uh, private lottery that we run."
Bender says: "Wow, you guys run numbers?"
Clamps says: "Well, nothing fancy, y'know."
Clamps says: "Ones and zeros mostly."
Donbot says: "Just take this disk over to the pool hall and give it to Sammy "The Mechanical Bull" Gravano."
Donbot says: "And watch out for the cops."
Bender takes the disk.
Bender says: "That's just what my mom used to tell me."
[Cut to says: "Little Bitaly Street."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks out of the alley and into a street fair."
[Cut to says: "Robots play hoopla and they all win and cheer."
[Cut to says: "A robot that is built like a helium canister blows up a balloon, twists it into a human shape and gives to a young robot."
[Cut to says: "Bender stops by an OI"L"-AD"E" stall run by Tinny Tim with certain letters turned backwards."
[Cut to says: "He drinks a glass."
Bender says: "That's some fine oil-ade, son."
Bender says: "We could use a man like you in the Robot Mafia, which I'm sorta in."
Tinny Tim says: "You flatter me, kind goon."
Tinny Tim says: "But I'm only programmed to sell oil-ade and write in cute backwards letters like on the sign here."
Bender is about to take another sip when he sees something across the street.
Bender says: "Aw, crap!"
Bender says: "The cops!"
Across the street, Smitty and URL are dressed in civilian clothes but still wearing their police helmets. They read a "Non-Police News" newspaper.
Smitty says: "Seen any suspicious activity?"
URL says: "Nope."
URL says: "But check out today's Marmaduke."
URL says: "Solid!"
Smitty looks across the road.
Smitty says: "Hey!"
Smitty says: "It's that skell from Elzar's."
URL speaks into his wrist communicator.
URL says: "Undercover pursuit in progress..."
URL says: "baby."
They cover their faces with their newspapers and follow Bender who cheerfully whistles. Smitty drops his paper and grabs Bender's arms.
Smitty says: "Gotcha!"
Bender says: "What seems to be the problem, officers?"
Bender says: "Was I speeding?"
Smitty says: "We'll decide what you were doing after an illegal search."
URL snaps on some gloves and feels inside Bender's chest cabinet. Bender giggles.
URL says: "He's clean."
URL says: "Smells nice too."
Smitty says: "Better than me?"
URL says: "Aw, yeah."
They leave and Bender looks across the street. Tinny Tim stands on the steps of Pat's Pool Hall. A sign advertises "Rich Beginners Welcome". The door opens and Tinny Tim holds out the disk to a robot.
Tinny Tim says: "Courtesy of Mr."
Tinny Tim says: "Bender."
The robot takes it and closes the door. Tinny Tim winks and waves some money at Bender. Bender gives a thumbs up. The mobbots come around the corner.
Donbot says: "Nice job, Bender."
Donbot says: "You passed the test."
Donbot says: "You wanna join me, Clamps and Joey Mouse Pad at our, uh, social club tomorrow night?"
Bender says: "Uh, I'd rather plan some felonies."
Donbot says: "Oh."
Donbot says: "Then we should meet at our Mafia crime headquarters."
[Scene says: "Fronty's Meat Market."
[Scene says: "On the front of the building a sign states that it is "Not A Front Since 2997"."
[Scene says: "Inside, Bender looks around and opens a freezer room door."
[Cut to says: "Freezer Room."
[Cut to says: "Donbot sits on several blocks of ice with Clamps and Joey to either side."
[Cut to says: "Meat carcasses hang on hooks around them and a trembling robot stands in front of them."
Robot says: "Donbot, I beg you, I can't make this week's loan payment."
Robot says: "Look into your hard drive and open your mercy file."
Donbot says: "File not found."
Donbot says: "Let that be a warning to you."
The robot gets up and puts on his hat.
Robot says: "Thank you, Donbot."
He leaves and Bender walks in.
Bender says: "Joey!"
Bender says: "Clamps!"
Bender says: "Donny B!"
Donbot says: "Hey, listen, Bender."
Donbot says: "We got a big score planned but, uh, we need some muscle."
Bender says: "A little of this, huh?"
Joey punches his door.
Joey says: "Ho!"
Joey says: "Ho!"
Joey says: "This guy's an ox!"
Joey says: "He's got oxen-like strength!"
Joey says: "Hey, he needs a nickname, right?"
Joey says: "Let's call him Clamps."
Clamps says: "Clamps?"
Clamps says: "That's my name, you numbskull!"
Clamps says: "Don't make me clamp you one!"
He clacks his clamps.
Bender says: "How 'bout "Blotto"?"
Bender says: "It's gritty, it's got street cred."
Bender says: "Plus I can keep my monogrammed slippers."
Joey says: "Good thinking."
Joey says: "Hey, hey!"
Joey says: "Now, this score ain't gonna be no cake walk in the tea park, alright?"
Joey says: "There may be some death killing."
Clamps says: "It's gonna be clamp this, clamp that."
Clamps says: "Bada-climp, bada-clamp!"
Donbot says: "What d'you think, Blotto?"
Donbot says: "You in?"
Bender says: "It's funny: Until now I always wanted to be a gangster..."
Bender says: "so the answer's yes."
Clamps says: "Yeah!"
Joey says: "Hey, hey!"
Joey says: "Way to go, way to be, way to shoot!"
Donbot says: "Now, since we're committing crimes that may be against the law, I suggest you have an alibi."
Bender says: "An alibi, huh?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The ship is on the launching mechanism."
[Cut to says: "Ship Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Outside the quarters, Fry holds a tray with two sundaes on it."
[Cut to says: "Bender groans from inside."
Bender says: "I don't feel good."
Bender says: "I'm genuinely sick."
Fry says: "But we're about to take off."
Fry says: "We gotta eat our blast-off sundaes."
Bender says: "I can't move."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Quarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender isn't inside."
[Cut to says: "Instead, he has hooked up a tape-reel machine to play over and over."
Bender says: "Oh, I think I'm gonna output."
Fry says: "OK, you stay in bed."
Fry says: "I'll eat yours."
The tape rewinds.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela, still wearing her eye patch, feels for a button."
[Cut to says: "Enter Fry."
Fry says: "Bender's sick."
Fry says: "Need any help taking off?"
Nibbler sniffs at the sundae.
Leela says: "I'm fine, thank you."
Leela says: "A real pilot can navigate by feel alone."
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The hangar doors half open and the ship blasts through them, leaving a hole in them."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes and Zoidberg turn around at the table and see the hole in the doors and the rubble on the hangar floor."
Hermes says: "That's coming outta your pay!"
Zoidberg bursts into tears.
[Scene says: "Mafiabot Ship."
[Scene says: "Joey Mouse Pad drives."
[Scene says: "Bender walks onto the bridge with a pot of food and puts it on a table which Donbot and Clamps are sat at."
Bender says: "You know the secret of traditional robot cooking?"
Bender says: "Start with a good, high-quality oil..."
Bender says: "then eat it."
Bender says: "So what's this big score anyway?"
He ladles some oil into Donbot's dish.
Donbot says: "We're heisting a shipment of Zuban cigars."
Bender says: "Zubans?"
Bender says: "Those are the finest cigars in the universe."
Bender says: "I can stink up a hole maternity ward with one of those things."
Joey says: "Yo!"
Joey says: "There's our pigeon now."
Joey says: "Let's shoot bullets out of our guns."
Bender drinks a ladleful of oil and squeals when he sees the Planet Express ship flying ahead of the Mafia ship. He does a very long spit take.
Time Lapse. The mobbots have their guns ready. Bender looks through the window, biting his nails.
Donbot says: "Alright, here's the battle plan: We shoot, they surrender, we go aboard, somebody does some clamping, then we heist the cigars and go home."
Bender says: "And all without killing anyone."
Bender says: "This gang's got some fresh, new ideas."
Bender says: "I admire that."
Joey says: "Oh, we'll kill 'em alright."
Clamps says: "We got 'em heavily out-clamped."
Clamps says: "They won't know what clamped 'em!"
Bender gulps.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler eats some food from his dish and Fry leans back on his seat, looking through the window."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "It's too bad you can't see, Leela, 'cause there's a cool ship out there shooting at somebody."
The orange laser bolts hit the ship and it shakes and knocks Fry and Leela off their chairs.
Leela says: "I'm taking evasive action."
She is sitting on the other side of the cockpit holding Nibbler's bowl instead of the wheel.
Fry says: "Uh, Leela?"
Leela says: "Stop bothering me, Fry, I need full concentration."
[Cut to says: "Outside Mafiabot Ship."
[Cut to says: "Clamps and Joey Mouse Pad stand on the portside of the ship firing lasers."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship turns wildly."
[Cut to says: "Ships Laser Turret."
[Cut to says: "Fry returns fire and misses."
[Cut to says: "The front of the Mafiabot ship opens and missile flies out of it."
[Cut to says: "Fry squeals and pulls a string."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry has rigged up the strings to turn the wheel."
[Cut to says: "He turns the ship starboard and the missile misses the ship and explodes harmlessly."
Computer Voice says: "Missile evaded."
Leela says: "Eyesight is for chumps."
[Cut to says: "Mafiabot Ship."
[Cut to says: "Donbot drives and Bender stands tensely next to him."
Donbot says: "Their desire to keep living shows me no respect."
Donbot says: "Hey, Blotto, roll down the window and start shooting."
He hands him a gun.
Bender says: "Um, uh, um."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "He got me!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "What a shot that guy is!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela is still holding the bowl."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Why do the raised letters that normally say "Turn Master Steering Wheel Company" say "Nibbler"?"
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
She throws the dish down and makes her way over to the pilot's seat.
[Cut to says: "Ships Laser Turret."
[Cut to says: "Leela takes control of the ship and it jerks sideways."
[Cut to says: "She crackles onto a screen."
Leela says: "I'm back at the wheel, Fry."
Leela says: "Everything's under control."
Fry says: "Great, great."
Fry says: "The one time I forgot to buy flight insurance!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Mafiabot Ship."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship turns around and heads for it."
[Cut to says: "Joey screams."
Joey says: "They're coming straight toward our proximity."
Joey says: "Maybe you should give 'em the clamps, Clamps."
Clamps says: "Gee, you think?"
Clamps says: "You think that maybe I should use these clamps that I use every day at every opportunity?"
Clamps says: "You're a freaking genius, you idiot!"
The Planet Express ship flies by and Clamps grabs the tail fin. He clamps the fuel line, next to a sign that says "Fuel Line. Do Not Clamp". The engines shut down.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry slides down the turret access ladder and runs into the cockpit."
Leela says: "The engine's stalled."
Leela says: "I'm trying the manual fuel pump."
She pumps Nibbler's eyestalk up and down. The doors open and Fry screams. The three Mafiabots stand in the doorway.
Donbot says: "Hello, we're the Robot Mafia."
Donbot says: "The entire Robot Mafia."
Donbot says: "We're here to steal your cigars."
Leela gets up and points at something that isn't a Mafiabot.
Leela says: "You'll never get away with this."
Fry says: "Unless you let us live."
Fry says: "Then you'll get off scot free."
Donbot says: "Joey, Clamps, hurry and blindfold them before they see us some more."
Clamps blindfolds Fry and Joey points at Leela.
Joey says: "Hey, boss, looks like somebody beat us to it."
He laughs.
Leela says: "I'll assume that's a joke at my expense."
Leela says: "Well, who's laughing now?"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
She kicks Fry in the face and he groans and falls over. Joey holds her.
Donbot says: "Hey, where's Blotto?"
Donbot says: "He should be here learning the trade."
Bender peers in through the doorway.
[Cut to says: "Ship Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Bender opens his chest cabinet and turns a voice modulator knob from "Robot" to "King"."
[Cut to says: "His accent changes to one that Americans so fondly refer to as "British"."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks in."
Bender says: "Sorry I'm tardy, old bean."
Bender says: "I was just enjoying a rather tasty watercress sandwich."
Donbot says: "Hey."
Donbot says: "He's more classy than I realised."
Donbot says: "Tie up the prisoners."
Bender says: "Capital idea, old sport."
Bender says: "I say, get the hell off me!"
Leela leans over to Fry.
Leela says: "That guy sounds familiar."
Bender puts a bucket over Nibbler and a brick on top. He stands up and his antenna hooks onto Leela's patch and pulls it off.
Bender says: "My word, what have we--  Uh, nothing to see here, old girl."
Joey says: "Hey, boss, this here crew list lists a robot on this crew here."
Donbot says: "Alright."
Donbot says: "I want you to find him and plug him."
Donbot says: "Then unplug him."
Fry and Leela gasp.
Fry says: "No!"
Clamps says: "I got a little surprise in store for that guy: The clamps!"
Clamps says: "Eh?"
He laughs and turns to leave.
Bender says: "Uh, wait, old..."
Bender says: "spice."
Bender says: "Let me have a go at this mechanised chap."
Bender says: "I can be quite the rough customer."
He walks out.
[Cut to says: "Ship Corridor."
[Cut to says: "He disappears into his and Fry's quarters."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "Poor Bender."
Bender says: "Oh, I don't feel good."
The sound out metal smashing metal comes from the quarters. The real Bender laughs.
Bender says: "Stop it!"
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Quarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender sits reading Somewhat Fantastic Sci-Fi."
[Cut to says: "He hits himself on the head with a frying pan."
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Stop it!"
The tape starts to rewind and Bender hits the machine with the frying pan, breaking it.
[Scene says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Scene says: "The Mafiabots have installed a linkway from the cargo bay to their ship."
[Scene says: "Bender carries the last crate towards the linkway."
Donbot says: "That's the last of 'em."
Donbot says: "Joey, burn down the ship."
Donbot says: "Clamps, burn down the crew."
Bender runs back in and talks like he's from New York Old New York.
Bender says: "Uh, hey, Donny, baby, gimme a chance here, huh?"
Bender says: "Yous guys skedaddle."
Bender says: "Let me take care of the doity woik."
Donbot says: "Hey, I like your attitude."
Donbot says: "And your latest accent."
Donbot says: "Keep it up and I might just get you your own pair of clamps, huh?"
He pats Bender's cheek and leaves.
Clamps says: "..."
Clamps says: "clamps, clamps!"
Bender says: "Phew!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The Mafiabot ship flies away."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler squeaks from under the bucket."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela are still tied up."
Fry says: "Leela, we may not have much time left..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "so let's spend all of it reminiscing about Bender."
Fry says: "He was like a big computer that ran on magic."
Bender sits down, ties his arms up behind the chair and clears his throat.
Bender says: "Uh, help!"
Bender says: "Help!"
Leela says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "You're OK!"
Bender says: "Yes, I am."
Bender says: "Having just this minute regained consciousness."
Leela says: "I've got an idea."
Leela says: "Hold still."
Leela says: "It's about to break."
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "Yes!"
Bender's arm drops off.
Leela says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Yeah that broke, alright!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Leela has crashed the ship into the tower, making the building look more like Planet Hollywood than Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "The staff are all assembled."
Fry says: "I'm telling you, Leela was cool, she was in command, and when she kicked people it hurt."
Fry says: "It really hurt."
Leela says: "Well, this is the big moment."
Leela says: "It's finally time to take my eye patch off."
Zoidberg says: "I'll handle the snipping."
Zoidberg says: "After all, I do have the proper equipment."
He ignores his claw and uses some scissors to cut the patch off. Leela sees a shape come into view and gasps.
Leela says: "I think it's Blotto, that gangster I saw when my patch fell off."
Leela says: "Professor?"
Leela says: "Where were you at 10pm last night?"
Farnsworth says: "Where am I now?"
The doorbell rings and Bender goes to answer it.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "He opens the door and gasps when he sees Tinny Tim."
Bender says: "So they sent a helpless child to kill me?"
Bender says: "Well I'm not going out without a fight."
He kicks Tinny Tim's crutch away and he hops around without it.
Tinny Tim says: "Fine kick, sir."
Tinny Tim says: "But I'm actually here to deliver your cut from the cigar heist."
Bender says: "Oh, sweet legal tender!"
Bender says: "Kid, tell the Donbot I'm quitting organised crime."
Bender says: "From now on I'll stick to regular kind."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The ship is back in the hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender sits down with a cigar in his mouth."
[Scene says: "He takes the cash out of his chest cabinet."
[Scene says: "Fry sighs."
Fry says: "It's funny, Bender; with you sick and Leela blind, only I know what really went on out there."
Fry says: "Maybe someday I'll tell you the whole story."
Bender says: "And maybe someday I won't listen."