[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Federal Law Prohibits Changing The Channel."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender walk down a busy street and Bender sings and dances."
Well, Froggy went a-courtin' and he did ride,.
Blah, blah, blah, something, Bender is great!
Froggy went a-courtin' and Bender is great, uh-huh--.
A rumbling noise interrupts his singing. He and Fry look through a gap in a fence and see Sal in a hover-digger digging a huge hole at the NNYC Hole Project. Sal dumps a load down on the ground. Amongst some rubble and mud is a bag of fat-free potato chips. Fry picks it up.
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "They dug up a bag of olestra chips from my time!"
Fry says: "There must be layers and layers of old stuff down there."
Sal dumps another scoop-ful and amongst the dirt is an entire VW minivan. Fry gasps.
Bender says: "What's that?"
Bender says: "One of those Led Zeppelins I've heard so much about?"
Fry puts his hands on the VW.
Fry says: "No, it's an old Volkswagen van."
Fry says: "Hey, Mister?"
Fry says: "Mind if I take this old van?"
Sal says: "Sure."
Sal says: "You wanna dump the corpses out of theres, it's yourses."
Fry says: "Yeah, yeah, I've gotten used cars before."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Fry grunts and groans as he pushes the VW into the hangar."
[Scene says: "He wears the previous owner's bandana."
[Scene says: "Bender sits inside and guzzles down a beer."
[Scene says: "The rest of the staff gather around."
Leela says: "What's that?"
Leela says: "One of those Jefferson Starships I've heard so much about?"
Fry says: "It's called a van, and in light of the fact that it's not a-rockin', I invite you to come a-knockin'!"
He slides open the door and the staff peer inside at all the beads and beanbags and throws.
Amy says: "Wow, neat."
Hermes says: "It's a triumph of free-spirited German engineering."
Amy says: "Hey, the speedometer only goes up to 80."
Amy says: "This thing can't go faster than 80,000 miles an hour?"
Fry says: "No, it can't, but it's got a driver's-side floor and an 8-track player with genuine mono sound."
Farnsworth says: "Where's the device that lets you speed or slow the passage of time?"
Fry says: "Under the seat."
He pulls out a bong. Leela tries turning the key in the ignition and the engine coughs and splutters.
Leela says: "Why won't it start?"
Fry says: "It just needs some gas."
Farnsworth puts his hand on his shoulder.
Farnsworth says: "Wrong again, idiot."
Farnsworth says: "There is no gas."
Farnsworth says: "Petroleum reserves ran dry in 2038."
Leela says: "Gas was an environmental disaster, anyway."
Leela says: "Now we use alternative fuels."
Fry says: "Like what?"
Leela says: "Whale oil."
Leela says: "Bender, lift it up to the can opener."
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "I'm not going near it."
Bender says: "Last time, that magnetic psycho nearly cut my head off."
Fry says: "Oh, right."
Fry says: "Plus, the magnet screws up your inhibition unit and makes you sing folk songs."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Who said anything about me secretly wanting to be a folk singer?"
Bender says: "How ridiculous."
He glances around. Fry puts his hand on his shoulder.
Fry says: "Bender, if you don't open that can right now, your fear will own you, and nothing that can opener could ever do would be worse than that."
Bender says: "OK, OK, I can do this."
Bender says: "It's time to take life by the cans."
He lifts the barrel and looks weakly at the others.
Leela says: "Come on!"
Hermes says: "You can do it!"
Amy says: "Bender!"
Farnsworth says: "Go on, you dummy."
Bender walks towards the can opener and the magnet grabs him and starts cutting into him. Sparks fly from him and he sings.
He screams in pain.
Jimmy cracked corn and I don't care,.
He screams again. The rest of the staff cringe and cover their eyes.
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Cause the master's gone away.
Zoidberg says: "It's toe-tapping-ly tragic."
[Scene says: "Cedars-Sinewave Robot Hospital."
[Scene says: "Bender lies on a bed and a doctor checks him over."
[Scene says: "He has huge gashes across his chest."
Bender says: "Doc, I can't move my arms and legs."
Bender says: "What's wrong with me?"
The doctor sighs.
Doctor says: "This is the worst part of the job."
Bender says: "What is it, good news?"
Doctor says: "Bender, your hydraulics are shot."
Doctor says: "You'll never move again."
Bender gasps.
The doctor turns to Farnsworth.
Doctor says: "I'm sorry, you'll have to get a new one."
He leaves and Bender bursts into tears. The staff murmur to each other.
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "This is terrible."
Zoidberg says: "Poor Bender."
Farnsworth says: "Well, let's drag him to the kerb."
He grabs Bender's arm and Zoidberg takes hold of his legs. Fry stops them.
Fry says: "Wait a minute, Bender is my best friend."
Fry says: "We can't just dump him in the gutter like Grandma's ashes."
Bender says: "Oh, my life is over."
Bender says: "I'll never know happiness again."
A horn honks and a robot on wheels dressed like a clown rolls in.
Robot says: "Ho, ho!"
Robot says: "Hello there!"
Leela says: "Look, Bender!"
Leela says: "It's Patch Cord Adams."
Leela says: "He heals with the power of laughter."
He holds a robot-shaped balloon above Bender.
Patch Cord Adams says: "Come on, take it."
Patch Cord Adams says: "What's the matter, can't move your arms?"
Bender says: "Obviously not, or I'd be strangling you right now."
Patch Cord Adams says: "Hey, here's a giggle!"
Patch Cord Adams says: "Did you hear why they're using Windows 3000 as a prison guard?"
Fry says: "No, why?"
Patch Cord Adams says: "'Cause it always locks up."
The others laugh weakly.
Bender says: "For the love of God, somebody kick his ass!"
Patch Cord Adams says: "Well, so long."
Patch Cord Adams says: "Get well soon."
Patch Cord Adams says: "Oh, well, so long anyway."
He rolls out and Bender groans.
Bender says: "Oh, I'm doomed."
Bender says: "Everybody leave me alone."
Bender says: "I don't wanna be seen this way."
Everyone except Fry leaves.
Fry says: "Aw, you look so sad."
Fry says: "You want me to send Patch Cord Adams back in?"
Bender bawls and Fry leaves. The sound of a harmonica stops his tears.
Bender says: "Hey, the blues."
Bender says: "The tragic sound of other people's suffering."
Bender says: "That's kind of a pick-me-up."
Bender says: "Wow, that was great."
Beck says: "Hey, thanks."
Beck says: "You a fan?"
Bender says: "I dunno."
Bender says: "Let me see."
Bender says: "Oh, my God, you're Beck!"
Bender says: "I'd get up to shake your hand and steal your wallet but my crappy body crapped out on me."
Beck says: "Don't take it so hard."
Beck says: "I used to miss my body too but then I fished this mannequin out of the 92c Store dumpster."
Bender says: "Wow."
Bender says: "We've sure got a lot in common, Beck."
Bender says: "I always dreamed of being a musician-poet who transcends genres even as he re-invents them, just like you."
Beck says: "So do it, robot."
Beck says: "It's easier than it looks."
Bender says: "Eh, thanks, but it's hopeless."
Bender says: "I'll never be a musician now."
Beck says: "Or maybe you'll be the best musician ever."
He motions the doctor to him and whispers something to him. He takes the harmonica holder out of Beck's jar and puts it around Bender's neck.
Bender says: "What's this for?"
Beck says: "Try and scrape it across your chest like a knife on burnt toast."
Beck says: "Yeah-ee!"
Beck says: "Alright, congratulations, my friend."
Bender says: "Why?"
Bender says: "'Cause I can make annoying noises?"
Beck says: "Exactly."
Beck says: "I use those all the time in my music."
Beck says: "Bender, I want you to become my new washboard player."
Bender gasps.
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The staff are gathered outside the building by the side of the road."
[Scene says: "Fry, still wearing his headband, wheels Bender out on a sack truck."
[Scene says: "He has a small green suitcase with him."
[Scene says: "A large blue bus pulls up and the horn honks."
Bender says: "Well, that's my good friend, Beck."
Bender says: "I'm off to rock a series of mid-level venues."
Hermes says: "Kudos, Bender."
Hermes says: "You got mangled and now you're a singer."
Hermes says: "Both our dreams came true."
The bus honks again.
Fry says: "Hey, I have an idea."
Fry says: "Who wants to cram in my van and follow Bender on tour and live there, in the van?"
Behind them, the VW rumbles and backfires.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, I don't know, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "I think I'm too poor to follow a band around in a van."
The bus beeps again and Beck leans out of a window.
Beck says: "Come on, move it!"
Beck says: "We gotta get to the concert and make the audience wait for it at the start."
[Montage says: "The tour bus passes under the Holland Tunnel with the VW right behind it, causing a tailback."
[Montage says: "They drive from New New York, through New New Jersey, Washington A."
[Montage says: "C."
[Scene says: "Velma Sue's Laundromat."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Leela and Fry do their laundry."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg dumps the basket of washing on a table in front of the others who sit around in their underwear."
Zoidberg says: "Bad news, friends."
Zoidberg says: "My shell ran."
He holds up his clothes. They are a funky tie-dye pink.
Amy says: "Zoidberg, you idiot, my outfit."
Leela says: "Kinda cool."
Fry says: "Yeah, I like it."
Amy says: "Me too, now that I'm used to it."
Zoidberg says: "Then it was all on purpose!"
Zoidberg says: "You're lucky to have Zoidberg as a friend."
Zoidberg says: "But cross me, and I'll turn on you like that!"
He snaps his claws and squeals at them.
[Scene says: "Squatter's Corners Civic Audeetorium."
[Scene says: "Beck and the band play their gig to some hicks in a barn."
[Scene says: "They perform Where It's At from the album Odelay."
From the habitations and the towns we know,.
A place we saw the lights turn low,.
The jigsaw jazz and the get-fresh glow,.
Pullin' out jives and jamboree handouts,.
Two turntables and a microphone,.
Bottles and cans just clap your hands,.
Just clap your hands.
All says: "Where it's at!"
Bender scrapes his chest.
Bender says: "Got a washboard stomach and a microphone."
He scrapes his chest.
Beck says: "That was a washboard break."
Fry, Amy, Leela and Zoidberg cheer.
Fry says: "Oh, yeah!"
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Amy says: "One bowl of Jell-O knuckles, please."
Barman says: "That'll be three pick-e-tures of George Washington."
Amy takes some money out of her pocket but it has turned to green gloop.
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "My beautiful money."
Leela says: "It got ruined in the wash."
She and Fry take money out of their pockets.
Fry says: "Mine too, even my change."
Barman says: "Get lost, you money-less hippies!"
Horrible Gelatinous Hick says: "You heard him, freaks."
Horrible Gelatinous Hick says: "We don't like your type around here."
Horrible Gelatinous Hick says: "These are the types we like."
He holds up a picture of nine aliens.
Outside Squatter's Corners Civic Audeetorium. After the concert, the band's gear is packed away in the bus.
Beck says: "Bender, that was the best 40-minute washboard solo I've ever heard."
Beck says: "And the parts when I was awake blew my mind."
Bender hears something and turns around and sees some broken robots in some bins, rolling towards a building.
Bender says: "Whoa, check out all those broken robots."
Bender says: "Howdy, fellas!"
He waves.
Robot #1 says: "I don't believe my broken eyes!"
Robot #1 says: "It's Bender, the washboard player!"
Robot #1 says: "Hey, man, we caught your concert from here."
Robot #2 says: "You rock!"
Fembot says: "Oh, oh, Bender!"
Fembot says: "Sign my chest!"
Fembot says: "It's in that bin behind me."
Robot #3 says: "Yo, brother, thanks for showing that broken robots are still useful."
Bender says: "Aw, hang in there, folks."
Bender says: "I'll bet before you know it, you guys'll be--  That is so wrong."
Bender says: "They can't just melt down broken robots."
Bender says: "Not right when they're kissing my ass."
Beck says: "Whoa, dog."
Beck says: "Just cold chill."
Beck says: "You know, when I'm upset, I write a song about it."
Beck says: "Like when I wrote Devil's Haircut, I was feeling really-- What's that song about?"
Bender says: "Hey, yeah, I could write a song!"
Bender says: "With real words, not phoney ones like "odelay"."
Beck says: ""Odelay" is a word."
Beck says: "Just look it up in the Becktionary."
[He holds Webster's New Abridged Becktionary says: "From Bzooty to Whiskeyclone."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
[Scene says: "Beck's Bus."
[Scene says: "The bus drives down a desert road with the VW behind it."
[Scene says: "Inside, Beck lies on a couch while Bender writes."
Bender says: "I'm working on my song."
Bender says: "Hand me the Becktionary."
Bender says: "No, no, the rhyming Becktionary."
Beck sighs.
Beck says: "I wish I could help raise awareness about broken robots."
Beck says: "But what can I do?"
Beck says: "I only weigh eight pounds."
Bender says: "Wait a minute, you know lots of rock stars, and most of them like to look like they care about things!"
Beck says: "We can all get together for a big benefit concert in San Francisco!"
Bender says: "And we could call it "Bend-Aid", after me, Bender!"
Beck says: "And you can sing that song you're writing!"
Bender says: "And I'll let you sing backup!"
Bender says: "But remember who the star is."
Bender says: "Me: Bender."
[Montage says: "The bus passes through several more states as Bender tries to come up with a song."
[Montage says: "He dabs his eyes with a tissue as he reads the song."
[Montage says: "At another concert, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy and Leela rummage through dustbins for food."
[Montage says: "Fry finds a hotdog with mustard and flies and holds it up to the others."
[Montage says: "Zoidberg cuts it up into four pieces and they eat it."
[Montage says: "They arrive in San Francisco at dusk."
[Scene says: "Sir Francis Drake Hotel."
[Scene says: "Bender sits on a bed in his hotel room, writing his song."
Bender says: "Alright."
Bender says: ""Hands in the air" rhymes with "Just don't care" and..."
Bender says: "finished!"
Bender says: "Eck!"
Bender says: "Smells like something died in the wall!"
Fry, Leela, Zoidberg and Amy walk in.
Fry says: "Surprise!"
Leela says: "Mind if we crash here tonight?"
Leela says: "The colours in the van are keeping us awake."
Bender says: "Alright, but hands off the minibar."
He closes his chest cabinet which has the minibar in it. Fry looks at the TV.
Fry says: "Wow, I forgot about TV."
Fry says: "Living free on the road, you realise how much better life is without it."
Fry says: "Well, let's see what's on."
He turns it. An advertisement comes on and shows a band playing on stage.
Announcer #1 says: "Tuesday, Golden Gate Park, the monsters of vaguely-folkish alterna-rock will strum your brains out at Bend-Aid!"
Announcer #1 says: "Featuring Beck, Wailing Fungus and special guest, Bender!"
Announcer #2 says: "A portion of the proceeds might go to help broken robots."
Everyone cheers.
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray, robot!"
Amy says: "Bender, you're famous!"
Bender wipes away a tear.
Bender says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "This coming-together of superstars really means a lot to you, doesn't it, Bender?"
Bender says: "That's why I'll be proud to go up on stage tomorrow and say, "Look at me, world, I am a broken robot!"
Bender says: ""."
Fry says: "Bender, you can move!"
Fry says: "You're cured!"
Bender looks at himself in a mirror.
Bender says: "Oh, crap!"
Bender says: "It's a miracle!"
Time Lapse.
Bender says: "I can move again."
Bender says: "My music career is over."
Fry says: "Bender, I don't claim to understand "the biz" but wouldn't being able to move help your music career?"
Bender says: "Wait, that's it!"
Bender says: "I'll fake it!"
[Scene says: "San Francisco Street."
[Scene says: "Fry drives the van down the winding streets, with a cloud of exhaust following it."
[Cut to says: "VW."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg coughs and hawks into a tissue."
Amy says: "You'd better not do that at the concert."
Zoidberg says: "I can't stop."
Zoidberg says: "When I eat too much dirt, I get stuff in my throat."
He hawks and spits into the tissue.
She gasps. Zoidberg has spit up blue pearls. Leela takes a handful.
Leela says: "They're beautiful."
Zoidberg says: "Ew, you're touching them!"
Amy says: "I've never seen pearls like this."
Amy says: "Dr."
Amy says: "Zoidberg, you're amazing."
Zoidberg says: "I am?"
Zoidberg says: "At last!"
Zoidberg says: "Recognition!"
He spits up some more into Amy's and Leela's hands.
[Scene says: "Golden Gate Park."
[Scene says: "Hundreds of hippies and broken robots have turned out for Bend-Aid."
Emcee says: "Gentle hippies, put your filthy hands together for the folk stylings of Cylon and Garfunkel!"
A robot with a guitar and man who looks like Art Garfunkel walk onto the stage.
Garfunkel says: "Here's a song that was beautiful when performed by my ancestor, Art."
Cylon cuts in with a mechanical voice.
Cylon says: "and   Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme."
Garfunkel says: "Remember me to one who loves there."
Cylon says: "and   She once was a true love of mine."
The VW pulls up behind the crowd and the staff get out. They look around at the hippies sitting and lying on the grass.
Leela says: "We're home."
Amy says: "Well, let's earn some bread."
Time Lapse. Amy puts a sign on the window that says "Genuine Love Beads, $5.00". Zoidberg's pearls have been strung together and Fry and Leela hold some.
Fry says: "Brothers and sisters, get your love beads."
Fry says: "Can't journey to the centre of your mind without love beads!"
Hippies gather around the van.
Hippie #1 says: "Wow, look at the colours."
Hippie #1 says: "These'll go great with my soul."
Zoidberg says: "Glad you like them."
Zoidberg says: "I've been making fine jewellery for years, apparently."
Hippie #2 says: "I'll take three."
Hippie #3 says: "Give me one, man!"
Hippie #4 says: "I'll trade you a bad poem!"
Time Lapse.
Emcee says: "And now, stand up and turn on your hidden tape recorders for..."
Emcee says: "Beck!"
Emcee says: "With special guest, Bender, the broken robot."
The stage curtain lifts and Bender and Beck are lowered from the ceiling. Broken robots in the audience cheer and the band plays Sexx Laws from Midnite Vultures.
Fry says: "Bender rules!"
Hippie #5 says: "Groove on, man!"
Leela says: "Rock it, Bender!"
Zoidberg says: "Play that thing!"
Bender and Beck hit the stage and liquid spills out of Beck's jar.
Hijacking your equilibrium...
Bender says: "Whoa-oh, yeah!"
Beck says: "..."
Time Lapse. Day has turned to dusk, the crowd has thinned and the band still plays the same song. Bender scrapes his chest and the song ends. The crowd cheers.
Beck says: "Thank you."
Beck says: "That song doesn't usually last three hours, but we got into a serious thing..."
Beck says: "and then I forgot how it ended."
Beck says: "Anyway, one last item of business before we go."
Cylon and Garfunkel walk onto the stage with a big cheque.
Garfunkel says: "Bender, to start your foundation for broken robots, here's a big, cardboard cheque for $14,000."
Cylon says: "It's been an emotional day for me."
They prop it up next to Bender and he starts to cry.
Bender says: "I don't know what to say."
Beck says: "Then maybe you should sing it."
Beck says: "Lay it down, boys."
The band starts to play Bender's song and the lights dim.
Bender says: "Ladies, gentlemen, smoking heaps of machinery..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "this is a song called My Broken Friend."
The crowd cheer.
But I say his mind is free,.
There's lots of things my mangled robot friend could be,.
Beck says: "Kick it!"
Bender says: "He could make a good..."
Bender says: "and..."
Bender says: "Or a cheap..."
Bender says: "and..."
Bender says: "Or a great big..."
Bender says: "and..."
Bender says: "He could be a storage closet..."
Bender says: "and..."
Beck says: "I like 'em tight!"
Bender says: "and   Just give him a chance!"
That I'd like to share...
Beck says: "For real?"
Bender says: "..."
Than an ass to a chair...
Beck says: "Hm."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "That robot's name I never told you..."
Beck says: "Who's that?"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "You could not foresee..."
Beck says: "C'mon, give it up."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "I'll say it loud and sing it proud..."
Bender says: "and   His name is you and me."
Bender dances.
Beck says: "Hey."
The robots look around and Bender flails his arms and legs around.
Bender says: "Or toss me into a trash can..."
Beck says: "Bender, what are you doing?"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Just 'cause I can't cook you ham and eggs..."
Beck says: "What are you doing?"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Don't crush me into an anchor..."
Beck says: "Yo!"
Beck says: "What's the dealy-o?"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Just 'cause I can't jump and dance and sing..."
Beck says: "Hold it!"
Beck says: "What?"
Beck says: "No!"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "I'm telling you, my broken friend..."
Beck says: "B-Bender."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Put your hands in the air like you just don't care!"
Beck says: "No!"
Bender bounds off across the stage.
Bender says: "I'm telling you, my broken friend..."
Beck says: "Cut it!"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Can do 'most anything!"
He slides across the stage on his knees.
Beck says: "Cut it!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Beck says: "Cut it!"
The crowds shouts and "boos". Bender's harmonica holder falls off. He looks at himself.
Bender says: "Curse my natural showmanship!"
Robot #4 says: "You big, fat fraud!"
Robot #4 says: "You're not really broken!"
Robot #5 says: "But you will be in a minute!"
Robot #5 says: "Bum-rush the stage!"
The broken robots crawl and hobble towards Bender. Bender backs away.
Robot #6 says: "Get him!"
Bender folds the cheque away into his chest cabinet, grabs a rope and swings over the crowd, screaming like Tarzan. He flies towards the VW.
[Cut to says: "VW."
[Cut to says: "He flies through sunroof, slams his head against it and lands in the driver's seat."
[Cut to says: "He shifts it into gear and speeds off in a cloud of smoke."
[Cut to says: "The others hang on."
[Cut to says: "Golden Gate Park."
Hippie #6 says: "Oh, harsh!"
Hippie #6 says: "I didn't get my beads."
Zoidberg coughs and beads rain down on the hippies. Beck watches from the stage.
Beck says: "You, minion, lift up my arm."
Beck says: "After him!"
His bus pulls up and he gets on with Cylon and Garfunkel. Wailing Fungus and the heads of Neil Young and Joni Mitchell are already on it. The bus ploughs through a crowd and a chase sequence lifted from Bullit begins.
[Scene says: "San Francisco Street."
[Scene says: "The VW flies down the road, pursued by Beck's bus."
[Cut to says: "VW."
[Cut to says: "Bender looks in the rear-view mirror."
Bender says: "Well, everyone, prepare to get your guts kicked out by folk singers."
[Cut to says: "San Francisco Street."
[Cut to says: "The buses pass a green VW Beetle once, twice, three times, four times..."
[Cut to says: "Chinatown."
[Cut to says: "A Chinese street parade is interrupted as the buses drive past, blowing the Chinese dragon off a caterpillar-like alien."
Caterpillar Alien says: "What is this?"
Caterpillar Alien says: "The Year of the Jerk?"
The VW rounds another corner, cutting up another green Beetle.
[Cut to says: "VW."
Fry says: "Hurry!"
Fry says: "The Golden Gate Bridge!"
Fry says: "Put the metal to the pedal to the other metal."
Bender floors it. Beck's bus gets closer and bumps them. They scream. The bus passes a sign that reads "Golden Gate Hoverbridge".
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "I forgot this is a hoverbridge."
Leela says: "And I forgot this isn't a hovercar."
Fry says: "Is any of that a problem?"
Zoidberg says: "Not if you've lived a life without regret."
He screams. The VW flies off the edge of the road and plummets to the ground below.
Bender says: "I'll save me!"
He leans out of the window and grabs a cable.
Leela says: "Quick, grab his footcups."
They all grab Bender's feet.
Bender says: "Hey?"
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "No."
The VW lands softly on a rocky outcrop by the water. Bender has pulled the wire and it is very tense.
Fry says: "Phew!"
They all let go of Bender and the tense wire launches him into the air. The gang watch him fly off. Leela shrugs.
Leela says: "Bummer."
[Scene says: "Fisherman's Worf."
[Scene says: "The fat guy from the Titanic and a thin woman buy some food from Tarty McTang's and they hear Bender screaming from above."
Bender says: "I'm broken again."
Bender says: "I can't move any part of me."
Beck says: "Good."
Bender says: "I'm really sorry I lied, Beck."
Bender says: "All I ever wanted was to make music with you."
Bender says: "I never meant to hurt anyone, or help anyone."
Beck says: "Bender, that's some played-out, new-jack, horse crap-- But I know you don't mean it so apology accepted."
Bender says: "So, I can, uh, keep the cheque?"
Garfunkel says: "Over my dead career!"
He takes the cheque out of Bender's chest cabinet.
Bender says: "Well, it was worth a shot."
He gets up and the other three leave.
Time Lapse. The bus flies away and Bender sighs. The VW floats past. Fry, Leela, Amy and Zoidberg are paddling up the river in it. A seal sits on the roof.
Fry says: "C'mon, Bender."
Fry says: "If you're done scamming Beck, we're heading home."
Bender says: "Alright, alright."
Bender says: "Let me just do one thing to cheer myself up."
He takes a magnet from Ye Olde Tourist Trappe and puts it on his head. His pupils go wild and he starts to sing.
Fry cracked corn,.
And I don't care,.
Leela cracked corn,.
I still don't care,.
Bender cracked corn,.
And he is great!
Take that, you stupid corn!
He wades out into the water to the VW.
Closing Credits.