[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Too Hot For Radio."
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
TV Commentator says: "Celebrity Ape Fight will return next week at its regular time."
Farnsworth, Fry, Leela, Amy, Bender and Zoidberg watch the games from the bleachers.
Fry says: "So who should I root for?"
Fry says: "America or one of those countries I learned about at the food court?"
Amy says: "How 'bout those guys?"
On the track some people dressed in stripy jerseys and French berets and carrying loaves of long bread wave to the crowd.
Leela says: "No, they're from the Republic of French Stereotypes."
Leela says: "Everybody hates them."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, let's go check on Hermes."
Farnsworth says: "All this inspiring multi-culturalism is angrying up my blood."
Farnsworth says: "Sweden?"
Farnsworth says: "I don't think so!"
He snatches the banner from them and screws it up.
[Scene says: "Training Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes limbos under a limbo stick."
Hermes says: "Go on, stick, touch me!"
Hermes says: "Can't do it!"
The limbo stick is about five feet off the ground. The other Planet Express staff and LaBarbara are gathered around.
LaBarbara says: "Husband, you haven't been an Olympic-class limbo-er for 20 years!"
LaBarbara says: "Quit lying to your podgy self."
Leela says: "It does seem like Jamaica will be able to field a strong limbo team without you."
Amy says: "Yeah, isn't that basically all Jamaicans do?"
Hermes says: "Jamaicans have other interests."
Hermes says: "Which is why the limbo team got detained at the airport."
LaBarbara says: "That's when they begged my husband to step in and make an ass out of himself."
Hermes says: "And I said I'd try my very best."
Fry says: "But have they seen your..."
Fry says: "y'know..."
Fry says: "physique, since the old days?"
Hermes says: "I described it to them on the phone..."
Hermes says: "using a series of artful euphemisms."
Farnsworth holds a red and blue jumpsuit.
Farnsworth says: "Don't worry."
Farnsworth says: "The fat pig will do fine thanks to this flabbo-dynamic spandex bodysuit I've designed."
Farnsworth says: "It redistributes his weight, shifting his centre of gravity closer to his knees."
The bodysuit contracts around Hermes' waist and his flab equals out underneath it.
Hermes says: "Ooh, that's snug!"
Hermes says: "Oh, those haven't descended in years."
Farnsworth says: "Now that's a limbo-er's body!"
Everyone cheers.
LaBarbara says: "Look at that fine Jamaican bacon!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Bender and Zoidberg watch some competitors warm up on the field."
[Scene says: "All is quiet between the two."
Bender says: "Shut up, Zoidberg!"
Bender says: "The robot bending events are starting."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "That guy must be like the world's greatest bender."
Bender says: "My dreams of glory died before they began."
Zoidberg says: "Welcome to my life!"
He bursts into tears.
Female Announcer says: "Athletes, please take your lanes for the men's 500 metre limbo."
On the track, the limbo-ers warm up. A tall athlete takes his lane next to Hermes.
Barbados Slim says: "Hermes Conrad, is that you inside that dumpy little fat man?"
Hermes gasps.
Hermes says: "Barbados Slim!"
Hermes says: "What are you doing here?"
Hermes says: "Last time I heard you were in Barbados."
Barbados Slim says: "Yes and I be going back there with a gold medal draped around my elegant Caribbean shoulders."
He laughs.
Hermes says: "Your body may be as perfectly-sculpted as it was 20 years ago when you whupped my fat ass every time we met."
Hermes says: "But today, I feel lucky."
The hood squashes his hair flat and then into a rounded point.
Barbados Slim says: "I see you're still able to limbo under the bar of fashion sense!"
He laughs.
Hermes says: "That's it, Barbados Slim."
Hermes says: "You've gone one toke over the line!"
Man says: "Limbo-ers, on your marks."
Man says: "Get rubbery."
Man says: "Limbo!"
He shoots the starter gun and the limbo-ers run off down the track and under the limbo sticks.
Commentator says: "What's this?"
Commentator says: "Hermes Conrad is closing the gap."
Commentator says: "He's limbo-ed out of retirement and straight into my heart."
Commentator says: "I say go to hell, Barbados Slim!"
The staff and LaBarbara watch and cheer and hold up a banner reading "You The Mon".
Farnsworth says: "Go, bodysuit, go!"
Zoidberg says: "Go!"
Bender says: "C'mon!"
LaBarbara says: "C'mon, Hermes, beat that mahogany god!"
Hermes closes in on Barbados Slim as they approach the last limbo stick.
Commentator says: "And Conrad is disqualified!"
Commentator says: "Barbados Slim, my hero, takes the gold!"
LaBarbara runs to Hermes' side.
LaBarbara says: "Aw, there, there, Hermes."
LaBarbara says: "You did your best."
LaBarbara says: "If I'd wanted a human Adonis for a husband, I'd have stayed married to Barbados Slim."
The staff sit down again.
Bender says: "Well, enough about Hermes."
Bender says: "I couldn't win a medal either."
Bender says: "Even at bending, the thing I was built to do."
Bender says: "I'm so embarrassed."
Bender says: "I wish everybody else was dead."
Female Announcer says: "Up next, the Fembot bending competition."
On the field Fembots bend coat hangers.
Bender says: "Fembots?"
Bender says: "Methinks a clever Manbot suitably disguised might win those events!"
Bender says: "But the charade would require subtlety, nuance, grace."
Time Lapse. Bender, wearing a dress and headscarf, impatiently waits for officials to look for his entry form.
Bender says: "What do you mean I'm not registered?"
Bender says: "My name is Coilette and I'm from, uh..."
Bender says: "Robonia!"
Bender says: "Coilette's a chick's name!"
Official says: "Yes but "Robonia" sounds like something somebody made up on the spot."
Bender says: "Ever been beaten up by a guy dressed like a chick?"
The official squirms and hands Bender a card.
Time Lapse. "Coilette" from the Grand Duchy of Robonia prepares for the competition. A whistle blows. Bender straightens a bent girder. A man puts a protractor to it and gives a thumbs up.
Commentator says: "And it's straight!"
Commentator says: "Coilette wins!"
Time Lapse. Bender has now entered the javelin event. He runs with the javelin, stops, bends it, throws it and watches it fly across the field. It is the farthest thrown.
Commentator says: "Another gold medal for the spunky maid from Robonia."
Time Lapse. In what looks to be a diving competition, Bender stands at the end of a girder-shaped diving board. The starter beeps and he dives off the end, grabs the girder and bends it as he falls.
Commentator says: "Perfect scores!"
Commentator says: "A record five gold medals for Coilette!"
Bender flips onto his feet and cheers.
Bender says: "I'm great!"
Bender says: "Everybody else sucks!"
Bender says: "Except that guy Bender."
Bender says: "He's really somethin'!"
He cheers.
Female Announcer says: "All medallists report for gender testing."
Bender screams.
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden Tunnel."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Fry, Leela and Amy stand around Bender who is still disguised."
Leela says: "You actually thought they'd let you walk away without an engine oil sex check?"
Bender says: "Wait, I've got it!"
Bender says: "Professor, make a woman out of me!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I think we should just stay friends."
He pats Bender's hand.
Bender says: "I don't need friends."
Bender says: "I need a sex change operation and give it to me now!"
Farnsworth says: "Bender, a robot sex change is a complex and dangerous procedure."
Farnsworth says: "Replacing your testosteroil with Fembot lubricants can cause wild mood swings."
Farnsworth says: "And the effects may be irreversible."
Farnsworth says: "Well, let's get started!"
Leela says: "No, you can't!"
Bender says: "Pft."
Farnsworth says: "I'm sorry, ladies, but I must do this."
Farnsworth says: "Not for you, not for Bender, but for the proud people of Robonia!"
[Scene says: "Outside Robot Medical Tent."
[Scene says: "Three robots line up outside for treatment."
[Scene says: "One has been impaled on a fencing sword, another has been impaled with five javelins and another has been impaled on a tennis racket."
[Scene says: "Bender holds up the side of the tent and ushers Farnsworth, Fry and Leela inside."
Bender says: "C'mon!"
[Cut to says: "Robot Medical Tent."
[Cut to says: "Bender lies down on an operating table."
Fry says: "I can't watch this 'cause it's creepy and wrong and sick."
Fry says: "However, I will watch out of curiosity."
Farnsworth says: "I'm about to begin the process of reshaping Bender's body into a tender, delicate form."
He starts hitting Bender's casing with a sledgehammer. His shadow is cast on the wall and Bender cries out in pain.
Time Lapse. Farnsworth jacks Bender's head up. He puts a spanner between Bender's legs.
Farnsworth says: "Draining male oil."
Farnsworth says: "Removing item."
He holds the shears around Bender's antenna. Fry cringes as Bender's antenna is snipped off.
[Scene says: "Outside Robot Medical Tent."
[Scene says: "A robot and a Fembot wait for Coilette at the gender testing."
Robot says: "We can't wait for Coilette any longer, damnit."
Robot says: "I have to get home to watch The Zombie Osbournes."
A curtain draws back and Coilette walks out of the tent.
Coilette says: "I'm ready for my test now, boys."
The robots' jaws drop ... off.
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "The winner's podiums have been set up and Coilette stands on it wearing her five gold medals."
[Scene says: "She has brown hair, a slim figure and an alarming amount of lipstick."
Coilette says: "Hail, hail, Robonia."
Coilette says: "A land I didn't make up."
The crowd cheers and bouquets of flowers are thrown.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The crew watch Coilette cheering on the podium."
[Scene says: "She does a victory dance and takes her top off."
Coilette says: "Ooh, yeah!"
Coilette says: "Come on, baby!"
Coilette says: "Boom!"
Coilette says: "Oh, yeah, baby!"
Coilette says: "C'mon!"
Coilette says: "Work your cans!"
Coilette says: "That's it!"
Coilette says: "Shake it out!"
Leela says: "I don't know which I'm more: Enraged or disgusted."
Coilette says: "I'm just out there making us ladies look good."
Amy says: "Snuh-uh!"
Amy says: "You're making us look like jerks in front of the other genders."
Fry says: "But you're not really a lady anyway."
Fry says: "Right?"
He puts a glass of water on the table.
Coilette says: "Of course not."
She puts Fry's glass on a coaster.
Farnsworth says: "Dear Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "A coaster!"
Farnsworth says: "The Femmzoil must be sachet-ing girlishly into your processor."
Coilette says: "Then change me back."
Coilette says: "My breasts are keeping me awake at night anyway."
Coilette says: "I need a rain check on that nad-swap, Professor."
Coilette says: "I'm going on TV."
Coilette says: "C'mon, Fry."
Coilette says: "Help me pick out a pantsuit."
[Scene says: "Late Night With Humorbot 5."
[Scene says: "0 Studio."
[Scene says: "The studio looks like the studio for The Tonight Show With Jay Leno."
[Scene says: "The audience are all robots."
[Scene says: "Humorbot 5."
[Scene says: "0 interviews Calculon."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "So, Calculon, do you want to set up this clip from All My Circuits?"
Calculon says: "No, I think it's self-explanatory."
A screen comes up behind them and they turn to face it. On the screen, a pirate barbecues some burgers and Calculon gives a melodramatic performance.
Calculon says: "Nooo!"
He falls to his knees. In the studio the audience applaud and stop instantly.
Calculon says: "Funny story: The script called for me to say "yes" but I gave it a little twist."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Anecdote accepted."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Snappy comeback not found."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Please put your hands together for my next guest."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Winner of five Olympic medals, Coilette from Robonia."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "So, Coilette, many young Fembot's wish to emulate you."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Any advice for them?"
Coilette says: "Yes, Humorbot."
Coilette says: "If you ask me, women today are too stuck up to go out and jiggle their Jello like everybody wants them to."
Coilette says: "In fact, should I do it now?"
Coilette says: "Woo!"
Coilette says: "Look out, baby!"
Coilette says: "Work it out!"
Coilette says: "Ooh, shake that thing!"
Coilette says: "You gotta use it, lady!"
Coilette says: "Shake it up a little!"
Coilette says: "That's right."
Coilette says: "Come on!"
Coilette says: "Look at that!"
The audience cheers.
Calculon says: "Madam, I am one impressed celebrity."
Coilette says: "Oh, I bet you say that to all the five-Olympic-gold medal-winning Fembots!"
Calculon says: "From this day forward I shall do so whenever possible."
Coilette says: "Golly..."
Coilette says: "what?"
Coilette says: "That's my favourite kind of this!"
Calculon says: "But I would be honoured if you would join me for dinner sometime."
The audience hoot.
Coilette says: "Calculon, you'd be fulfilling this naive Robonian farmgirl's fantasy."
Calculon says: "Of course I would."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Coilette stands in front of a locker admiring herself in a mirror."
[Scene says: "She is dressed in pink Fembot clothes."
[Scene says: "The crew are gathered around."
Coilette says: "This top makes me look fat."
Coilette says: "Is it trampy to go on a first date nude?"
Amy says: "Yes."
Coilette says: "Perfect."
She takes the top off.
Fry says: "You gotta tell me: You're not actually attracted to Calculon, right?"
Fry says: "And if you are, don't tell me."
Fry says: "Are you?"
Coilette says: "Certainly not."
Coilette says: "But just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged."
Coilette says: "Is that so much to ask?"
Leela says: "Well I think you dating a Manbot is a disgrace and I refuse to be involved."
Leela says: "And you have way too much lipstick on."
Amy nods.
Coilette says: "Are you kidding?"
Coilette says: "I need more lipstick!"
Coilette says: "Much more!"
Coilette says: "Ooh, yeah!"
Coilette says: "That's the stuff!"
Coilette says: "Men love it when you really glob it on."
Leela says: "No, they don't."
Amy says: "No way!"
Coilette says: "Oh, please!"
Coilette says: "Every man wants a tramp."
Coilette says: "No wonder you girls aren't married."
Coilette says: "I tell you, men are so much better at being women."
She puts some earrings on using a nailgun.
Fry says: "But what if he wants to-- I mean, if he tries to..."
Fry says: "uh..."
Fry says: "Barry White?"
Coilette says: "I'll just tell him I need a commitment first."
Coilette says: "That'll stick a potato in his tailpipe!"
Hermes says: "Good Lord, man!"
Hermes says: "What kind of temporary woman are you?"
Coilette says: "Look, why don't all of you just back off?"
Coilette says: "Can't a girl enjoy herself without being judged?"
She takes her handbag, slams the locker door and storms off.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear."
Farnsworth says: "Her mood swings are getting wilder."
Farnsworth says: "She's becoming a slave to her emotions."
Farnsworth says: "Just like all women."
Farnsworth says: "Particularly you, Leela."
She slaps him.
Leela says: "I'm worried about him too, Professor."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The evening special is leg of salmon."
[Scene says: "Coilette chomps her way through a leg."
Elzar says: "Hey, ma'am, you sure can put it away!"
Elzar says: "You saved me a trip to the dump."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Calculon says: "I'd appreciate it if you didn't bam the young lady."
Elzar says: "Well, I'd appreciate it if I did."
Elzar says: "So I guess we're even."
He leaves.
Calculon says: "You know, Coilette, I've never before met a woman as fascinating as I am."
Calculon says: "You're such a sweet, soft Fembot."
Calculon says: "And you have this free spirit about you."
Calculon says: "I've never met anyone like you."
Coilette says: "Oh, yes, you have."
Calculon says: "Coilette, I'd like to spend some  quality time with you."
Coilette says: "What?"
Coilette says: "Ah!"
Coilette says: "Whoa!"
Coilette says: "No way!"
Coilette says: "Not gonna happen."
Coilette says: "What kind of girl do you think I am?"
Calculon says: "Have I mentioned that I own the world's biggest and most elegant yacht?"
Coilette's eyes light up.
[Montage says: "Coilette and Calculon date to Tom Jones' She's A Lady."
[Montage says: "They enjoy a trip on his yacht Calculon's Pride which sails on a pool on an even larger yacht called Calculon's Talent."
[Montage says: "Later, they dance under a mirrorball."
[Montage says: "Calculon swings Coilette around and her arms extend and she knocks all the other robots over."
[Montage says: "They sit in an oil hot tub and their photo appears on the cover Famous Actor And Athlete Couples Illustrated magazine."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The crew feed scraps to a begging Zoidberg."
[Scene says: "Enter Coilette."
Coilette says: "Woo!"
Coilette says: "I'm a trophy girlfriend!"
Amy says: "No kidding."
Amy says: "These gifts have been coming non-stop!"
Amy says: "I think Calculon's falling for you."
The puppies bark and Coilette throws her hat down and puts her coat over the top of them.
Coilette says: "Bah!"
Coilette says: "Any day now he'll dump me for a new wad of arm candy."
Coilette says: "And then I can turn back into a guy and hock all this stuff!"
Coilette says: "It's just a game."
Amy and Leela glare at him. Calculon walks through the wall.
Calculon says: "Coilette, I can't stop thinking about you."
Calculon says: "I can't sleep at night, although, as a robot, I don't do that anyway."
Calculon says: "But if I did I couldn't because I love you so."
Calculon says: "..."
Calculon says: "Will you marry me?"
Coilette looks up at the gobsmacked crew.
Coilette says: "Oh, Calculon!"
Coilette says: "Yes, I will!"
Calculon puts the ring on her finger. Amy nudges Leela.
Amy says: "Maybe she's right about the lipstick."
Time Lapse. Calculon is gone and Coilette is preparing to leave.
Fry says: "I'll miss you, buddy."
Fry says: "You've been like a brother and then a sister to me."
Fry says: "And now you're getting married."
Fry says: "I love you, man."
Coilette says: "The marriage is a scam."
Fry says: "Cool."
Fry says: "What's for dinner?"
Leela says: "What do you mean "a scam"?"
Coilette says: "I marry Calculon, divorce him, take half his money and turn back into a guy."
Coilette says: "It's sort of a two-person pyramid scheme."
Fry says: "That's marriage alright!"
Leela says: "That is so unbelievably manipulative."
Coilette says: "Come on!"
Coilette says: "You never went on a date with a guy just 'cause you were hungry?"
Leela says: "Well I, uh, I thought I might like him on a full stomach."
Coilette says: "Nice try, sister."
Coilette says: "Now if you'll excuse me, I need to meet with my wedding planner."
Coilette says: "Zoidypoo, please tell me frilly is in this year."
Zoidberg flips through a catalogue.
Zoidberg says: "I saw a frilly cake in here you would remember all your life."
Zoidberg says: "I know I will."
Zoidberg says: "Late at night it haunts me with its frosted beauty."
Zoidberg says: "Order the cake, damnit!"
[Scene says: "Hot Air Balloon."
[Scene says: "Calculon and Coilette fly over the countryside."
Calculon says: "I have something for you."
He hands her a remote control.
Coilette says: "A remote control?"
Coilette says: "You got me a TV?"
Calculon says: "No, my dearest, it's the remote control to my heart."
Calculon says: "It symbolises the power you have to sway my emotions."
Coilette says: "Will it work on my TV?"
Calculon says: "We don't need TVs, we have each other!"
Calculon says: "Coilette, if I weren't able to spend my life with you I would leap from this very balloon."
Coilette says: "Come on with that."
Coilette says: "Really?"
Calculon says: "Yes!"
Calculon says: "We were meant to be."
Coilette says: "So..."
Coilette says: "you really and truly love me?"
Calculon says: "So much so that I'm prepared to give up showbusiness itself to be with you."
Coilette gasps.
Coilette says: "But, you always said you'd rather burn down a convent than give up showbusiness."
Calculon says: "I always said many things."
Calculon says: "But now all I want is a peaceful life and a quiet villa overlooking a vineyard..."
Calculon says: "with you."
Coilette starts to cry.
Coilette says: "Would we have donkeys?"
Calculon says: "All you could eat!"
She hugs him.
Coilette says: "Oh, take me in your arms and compress me."
Coilette says: "Compress me tight!"
Calculon says: "Stop!"
Calculon says: "Let us climb to the heavens that the gods themselves might envy us!"
He picks up Boxy and throws him out of the balloon. The balloon climbs into the sky.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Coilette sits at the table crying."
[Scene says: "The crew are sat around."
Coilette says: "I just don't think I can go through with this scam."
The crew gasp.
Amy says: "What?"
Fry says: "So now you do wanna marry him?"
Coilette says: "No, I just don't wanna hurt him, or humiliate him."
Coilette says: "Oh, curse this woman's heart!"
She cries more.
Fry says: "Eck!"
Farnsworth says: "You're falling into the final debilitating stages of womanhood."
Farnsworth says: "You've waited too long to switch back, you ding bat!"
Leela says: "OK, look."
Leela says: "If I help you with this do you promise to get out of my gender and stay out?"
Coilette says: "Uh-huh."
Leela says: "Alright."
Leela says: "Now there's no way to stop this marriage without hurting Calculon."
Leela says: "But he's an actor."
Leela says: "If there's one kind of pain he can handle, it's soap opera pain."
[Scene says: "Outside Church."
[Scene says: "Above the church doors is a banner reading "Celebrity Wedding."
[Scene says: "Ordinary People Not Invited"."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth walks Coilette up the aisle and a little robot carries her train."
[Scene says: "At the back of the crowd are Fry, Hermes, Amy, Zoidberg and Leela."
[Scene says: "Fry is dressed in a hat and sleeveless jacket, Zoidberg is kitted out in medical scrubs and Leela wears a blonde wig and a dress."
[Scene says: "She puts a sunglass over her eye."
Leela says: "OK, is everyone ready?"
Fry says: "Check."
Amy says: "Uh-huh."
Hermes says: "Yep!"
Zoidberg says: "Basically."
They split and Zoidberg scuttles off and woops. At the front, the ceremony begins.
Preacherbot says: "Dearly beloved actors and casting people who might be looking for someone to play a preacher, I welcome you."
Preacherbot says: "The bride has written some vows that we will now all pretend to be interested in."
Coilette and Calculon turn to each other.
Coilette says: "Dearest Calculon, forever is not enough time to tell you of the many ways I love you."
She faints theatrically. The crowd gasps.
Hedonismbot says: "Oh, my!"
Zoidberg says: "I came as soon as I could."
Zoidberg says: "It appears to be a case of African hydraulic fever!"
Calculon says: "Dear God!"
Calculon says: "The very illness my TV character caught in season two when I was holding out for more money."
Calculon says: "It's often fatal."
Coilette says: "Whatever happens, remember, the flame of my eternal love will burn forever."
Calculon says: "Of course."
Calculon says: "But, smoochiepups, I thought one could only catch hydraulic fever deep in the diamond mines of the Congo."
Leela stands up from her seat.
Leela says: "You really thought you could steal those diamonds from me and Congo Jack?"
Coilette stands up.
Coilette says: "Those gems belong to the natives!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Leela kicks Coilette in the face and Amy restrains her.
Calculon says: "Oh, how cruel and melodramatic fate is."
Calculon says: "Why?"
Coilette says: "Calculon, my darling, your loud "why" brought me partway back to life."
Coilette says: "Congo Jack!"
Calculon says: "Another shocking twist!"
Hermes plays some shocking twist music.
Fry says: "Yes."
Fry says: "And I have a message for you from Colonel Mitumbay!"
Fry says: "He says this..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "is from Congo Jack."
He throws the spear and it hits a flower pot.
Coilette says: "Uh, um..."
She takes it out of the flower pot and tucks it under her arm, screams, and falls over.
Calculon says: "No!"
Calculon says: "Nooo!"
Calculon says: "N-O-O-O!"
Coilette says: "I won't leave you."
Coilette says: "Not until I'm sure you understand the thing I said before."
Coilette says: "About my eternal love for you burning..."
Coilette says: "..."
Coilette says: "et cetera."
Calculon says: "I do."
Calculon says: "I do."
Coilette says: "OK then."
She dies in a very melodramatic and soap-y way. Zoidberg eats what is left of the buffet.
Zoidberg says: "I'm a doctor, she's dead."
Calculon says: "She lives no more."
Calculon says: "But let us all find comfort knowing that she truly loved me."
Calculon says: "To honour my pain, I shall star in a film dedicated to her memory."
Calculon says: "And this time, the Academy will not deny me."
Calculon says: "Not when they see Coilette: A Calculon Story."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The crew watch Calculon's film on TV."
[Scene says: "The Coilette character is lying dead with Calculon at her side."
[Scene says: "In the background Preacherbot waves."
Calculon says: "every emotion an actor can display."
Farnsworth files away the last bit of hair from Coilette's head.
Farnsworth says: "Turn off that crap-o-rama!"
Farnsworth says: "One mistake now and Bender will be trapped forever between the already ill-defined robot sexes."
He chisels something between Coilette's legs.
Coilette says: "Ow!"
Coilette says: "Ooh!"
Coilette says: "Ow!"
Coilette says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "Well, Bender, I hope this has taught you a lesson about changing your sex to win five gold medals."
Coilette says: "It truly has."
Coilette says: "My romance with Calculon has shown me a lot about myself."
Farnsworth says: "Almost done."
Bender's antenna springs up.
Bender says: "Drive to Vegas, pick up some Flooziebots and void their warranties all night long!"
He sits up and cheers.
Fry says: "Yay!"
Fry says: "My buddy's home!"
Fry says: "And his respect for women is back to normal."
Leela says: "I kind of hoped this whole experience would have left you a little more open to your sensitive side."
Bender says: "Yeah, you'd think, but what you gonna do?"
He takes a puff from a cigar. On the TV it is raining and Calculon holds Coilette in his arms.
Calculon says: "Coilette, the skies themselves weep upon the sweetest flower of all the field."
Leela says: "Aw!"
Amy says: "Aw!"
Fry says: "Ew!"
Zoidberg says: "Gross."
Farnsworth says: "Sentimental drivel-poop."
Zoidberg, Farnsworth and Hermes leave.
Fry says: "C'mon, Bender, let's go."
Fry says: "This chick-flick is getting me all barfy."
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "Emotions are dumb and should be hated."
Fry leaves and he starts out after him. He stops and looks at the TV.
Calculon says: "Goodnight, Coilette, my turtle dove."
Bender's eyes well up with tears.
Bender says: "Goodnight, Calculon."
Amy and Leela turn around.
Leela says: "What did you say?"
Bender says: "I said you two don't dress trampy enough."
Bender says: "I still got it!"
He twangs his antenna.
Closing Credits.