[Scene says: "Outside a frozen lake."
[Scene says: "There is a shack on the lake."
[Scene says: "The camera begins zooming in."
[Scene says: "1988 appears on the screen."
[Scene says: "Yancy Fry Sr walks among the trees with a stick in his left hand."
[Scene says: "A young Fry follows him with a heavy bag pack on his back."
[Scene says: "Yancy Fry Sr, who has stopped walking, turns to Fry and hits the ground with the stick."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Double time, soldier."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I want this ice-fishin' operation up and runnin' by oh-eight-hundred hours."
Yancy Fry Sr points at the floor with his left hand. Fry expresses cold.
Fry says: "It's too cold, Dad."
Fry says: "My teen region is freezing off."
Yancy Fry Sr, who has crossed his arms, blows a raspberry.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You dunno what cold is."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "To this day, I can't stand the taste of early hominid."
Yancy Fry Sr turns forward. Yancy Fry Sr and Fry have reached the lake. Fry sighs.
Fry says: "Let's just get inside the shack."
Yancy Fry Sr stops walking. Fry does not.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Hold, maggot!"
Yancy Fry Sr switches the stick to his left hand and hits Fry's right leg with it.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry steps back, stops walking, and turns to Yancy Fry Sr.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Remember the code o' the ice!"
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Thick an' blue, tried an' true."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Thin an' crispy, way too risky."
Fry says: "Shows what you know."
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "I'm drowning!"
Fry gargles as he falls back in the water.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You'll freeze before you drown."
Fry seemingly swallows water.
[Cut to says: "New New York, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Several buildings have ice on top of them."
[Cut to says: "We see five hovercars flying around."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans down to a frozen river."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Amy, and Fry are wearing winter clothes and walking towards the frozen river."
[Cut to says: "Fry, who is holding a fishing rod with his left hand, stops walking, inhales, and exhales."
Fry says: "I love ice fishing."
Zoidberg, Leela, Bender, Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy have stopped walking. Bender is wearing a scarf.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I shouldn't be out in this cold."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I 'ave no protective fat, hair, or warm blood."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm not even legally a mammal."
Fry turns to Professor Farnsworth.
Fry says: "Pfff!"
Fry says: "I was frozen for a thousand years."
Bender says: "You were?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Uh."
Bender says: "Learn somethin' dumb every day."
Bender raises his left hand.
[Cut to says: "Outside the frozen lake."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Bender, Leela, and Zoidberg are walking on the frozen lake."
[Cut to says: "We see thirteen other individuals, including the paper-hatted salesman; nine houses; and four hovercars."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Live bait!"
Time lapse. A box labelled LIVE BAIT is to the paper-hatted salesman's right. Leela, Zoidberg, and Bender are walking away from the paper-hatted salesman.
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Get your live bait here."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Fresh-killed bait!"
The paper-hatted salesman grunts. The box is closed. Bender, Amy, and Hermes are walking. Amy expresses cold.
Amy says: "Can we get inside the shack?"
Amy says: "I'm wearing a belly parka!"
Fry, Amy, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Bender, Zoidberg, and Hermes enter a portable toilet with a sign reading RENT-A-POTTY - ICE FISHING SHACK nailed to it.
[Cut to says: "Inside the portable toilet."
Leela says: "If I understand ice fishing, and I'm pretty sure I don't, we'll need to laser-blast a hole in the ice."
Leela pulls out a blaster with her right hand, holds it with both her hands, and points it at the floor. Fry puts his left hand on the blaster.
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "No crazy technology."
Fry says: "Here."
Fry says: "Bender, use your immense Robot strength to drill a hole the old-fashioned way."
Fry hands Bender the cutting tool. Bender takes the cutting tool with his right hand.
Bender says: "I don't see any irony in that."
Bender puts the cutting tool on the floor and begins drilling a hole, making strange sounds in the process.
[Cut to says: "Below the floor."
[Cut to says: "Bender finishes drilling the hole."
[Cut to says: "Fry approaches the hole."
Fry says: "And..."
Fry says: "Woilà!"
Hermes, Amy, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, and Zoidberg approach the hole.
[Cut to says: "Inside the portable toilet."
[Cut to says: "The fishing rod is dropped in the hole."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Fry to be holding it."
Fry says: "Everybody's ice-fishing!"
Fry says: "How come nobody's ice-fishing?"
Leela, Amy, Hermes, Zoidberg, and Professor Farnsworth are gathered around Bender and are each holding a mug with both their hands.
Bender says: "Hot-cocoa break."
Bender takes off his head, revealing steam and a spoon. Bender grabs the spoon with his right hand, lifts it up, pours hot cocoa into Leela's mug, puts the spoon back in his torso, and lifts it up again. Professor Farnsworth finishes drinking from his mug.
Fry says: "Cocoa is for yodelling babies."
Fry says: "If you're sober, it isn't ice fishing."
Fry opens the can, closes his eyes, and begins drinking from it. The beer freezes. Fry opens his eyes, removes his left hand from the can, and begins suffocating.
[Flashback says: "Fry's room."
[Flashback says: "Fry, who has a thermometer in his mouth and is lying on his bed, expresses cold."
Fry says: "Mom, what's my temperature?"
The camera zooms out, revealing Mrs. Fry to be seating on the bed. Mrs. Fry grabs the thermometer with her left hand.
Mrs. Fry says: "Fifty."
Mrs. Fry says: "Forty-five."
Mrs. Fry says: "Down at the 35!"
Fry says: "I'm really sick."
Mrs. Fry says: "Huh?"
Mrs. Fry says: "We'll check again at half-time."
Mrs. Fry stands up and sits at the foot of the bed, looking at the television. Yancy Fry Sr enters with a newspaper on his right hand and puts the newspaper between his torso and his left arm.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You home from school, you traitor?"
Yancy Fry Sr points at Fry with his right hand.
Fry says: "I fell through the ice!"
Fry says: "Cut me some slack!"
Yancy Fry Sr has crossed his arms.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Nobody cut me any slack when I broke my spine."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Lotta people depend on you when you sell trampolines door to door."
Yancy Fry Jr enters with a notebook, a book, and four paper sheets on his right hand and throws them at Fry.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Here's your homework, ya lucky knob."
Fry grabs the seven-leaf clover from his bedside table with his right hand.
Fry says: "And, with a little more luck from my seven-leaf clover, I might get sick enough to miss the whole semester."
Yancy Fry Jr has crossed his arms.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Hey, give me that!"
Yancy Fry Jr grabs the seven-leaf clover with his left hand.
Fry says: "Ooh."
Fry removes the seven-leaf clover from Yancy Fry Jr's left hand.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Come on."
Yancy Fry Jr grabs the seven-leaf clover with his left hand.
Fry says: "No."
Fry and Yancy Fry Jr continue fighting.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Give it to me, ya faker!"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "You're not gettin'—"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My underbite!"
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You'll never have a better chance to take 'im out."
Fry says: "Dad!"
Fry says: "What's this?"
Yancy Fry Jr stands up and sits on the bed.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Some stupid science contest for smart wads."
Yancy Fry Jr says: "NASA's gonna pick one kid's experiment to launch into space."
Fry looks at Yancy Fry Jr. Yancy Fry Jr uncrosses his arms. Fry sighs as he stands up, hugs the flyer, and looks around.
Fry says: "I can make a space experiment."
Fry says: "I just got a new thing o' glitter!"
Yancy Fry Jr has crossed his arms.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I'm not sure science is your thing, seein' how that chimp at the zoo tricked you outta your allowance."
Yancy Fry Sr crosses his arms and shrugs.
Fry says: "Where's that contest flyer?"
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You're holdin' it, genius."
Fry says: "Oh, good."
Fry begins blowing his nose in the flyer.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Fry, who is wrapped in a blanket and holding the fishing rod with his right hand, finishes blowing his nose in a tissue."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Fry to be sitting at the conference table, a small fish to be on the fishing rod, Amy to be to Fry's right, and a mug to be in front of Fry."
Fry says: "But it was worth it to catch an' kill this baby fish."
Leela, Bender, Hermes, and Zoidberg are also sitting at the conference table and are looking at Fry. Fry sneezes and scratches his nose with his left hand.
Amy says: "Shmeez!"
Amy says: "What's with the shmiffling?"
Fry says: "It's nothing."
Fry says: "Just a common cold."
Fry shrugs.
Zoidberg says: "Wha?"
Bender says: "It's a common uh?"
Hermes says: "Wha?"
Leela says: "What the hell's a common cold?"
The camera pans over to Bender.
Bender says: "Is it valuable?"
Bender says: "Could it be taken from you if you were, say..."
Bender says: "Unconscious?"
Professor Farnsworth is standing up.
Professor Farnsworth says: "A common—"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ever since Fry first came to us, I've lived in mortal terror that this would happen!"
Leela says: "I never heard you mention that."
Professor Farnsworth says: "freaking out!"
Fry says: "It's just a cold!"
Fry says: "What's the big deal?"
A police siren goes off. Bender, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, and Hermes turn to the left. Fry turns up.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Bender, Amy, Leela, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Hermes run towards the window of the Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "We see four vans with CDC on them stop by the building and QUARANTINE SQUAD on one of them."
[Cut to says: "The two doors on it are opened by two people wearing protective masks and suits."
[Cut to says: "One of them is carrying a gun."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the two people."
[Cut to says: "The person who is carrying the gun cocks the gun."
[Cut to says: "The person who is not carrying the gun pats the right shoulder of the person who is carrying the gun."
[Cut to says: "The person who is carrying the gun shoots in the air."
[Cut to says: "The bullet transforms into a wrap, completely covering the building."
[Cut to says: "We see nine vans this time."
Time lapse. A tape reading DO NOT CROSS • DO NOT CROSS is unrolled by a police officer. URL is holding a megaphone with his mouth. Smitty is holding a microphone connected to URL's body with his left hand. We see two NNYPD hovercars in the sky.
Smitty says: "This is the police."
Smitty says: "I mean..."
Smitty says: "Stay in with your hands up!"
URL grabs the microphone with his left hand as Smitty turns to him.
URL says: "You are hereby quarantined until such time as it is deemed safe to enter and shoot your asses."
Smitty looks forward.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, Fry, Hermes, and Professor Farnsworth gasp."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, now, now."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hermes, you'll take the first six hours."
Professor Farnsworth points at Hermes with his right hand.
Hermes says: "Very well."
Hermes clears his throat and screams.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Crybaby."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "We see six hovercopters, three CDC vans, and four people wearing suits."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the building."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, and Hermes are sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "The wall is now made of plexiglas and contains two pairs of gloves."
[Cut to says: "Fry, who is wearing a pyjamas, is on the inside and two CDC scientists, one male and one female, are on the outside."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on Fry and the two CDC scientists."
[Cut to says: "The male CDC scientist puts on the upper pair of gloves, reaches for Fry, grabs Fry's face with his left hand, turns it to the right, puts a piece of cardboard in front of Fry's mouth, and takes off the upper pair of gloves."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns to the conference table."
[Cut to says: "The male CDC scientist puts on the lower pair of gloves."
Fry says: "Look: I just 'ave a common  It'll be gone as fast as I can sneeze, hurl, and squirt it out."
Fry walks up to the conference table. Professor Farnsworth has put his left hand in front of his face.
Professor Farnsworth says: "No, it won't!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Frozen for a thousand years."
Fry turns to his left.
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "So it was hiding deep down inside o' me?"
Fry says: "Like my skeleton bones?"
Fry shrugs.
Leela says: "Give it to us straight, Professor."
Leela says: "How incredibly deadly is it?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Anything is possible in science."
Amy sneezes and turns to her right.
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "My nose is all gunked up with blork!"
Amy points at herself with both her hands. Hermes sneezes.
Hermes says: "And I've got a hankerin' for a useless remedy created by a schoolteacher."
Hermes pulls a flask labelled Airbunk out of his jacket with his right hand, opens it, and drops it on his left hand. Bender, Zoidberg, Leela, and Professor Farnsworth move away from the conference table.
Zoidberg says: "Uh-oh."
Zoidberg says: "I think I'm getting swollen glands."
Zoidberg's neck grows in size.
Amy says: "Ew!"
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Leela says: "Screw the quarantine!"
Leela says: "I'm outta here!"
Leela begins running.
Female CDC scientist says: "Initiate containment procedure."
The male CDC scientist puts on the upper pair of gloves, grabs a broom, and hits Leela with it. Leela grunts. The male CDC scientist hits Leela again.
Leela says: "Ah!"
Leela says: "Oh!"
Leela raises both her hands.
Male CDC scientist says: "G'wan now."
Leela begins stepping away from the wall, walking backwards. Bender, Professor Farnsworth, and Fry are sitting at the conference table. Bender has crossed his arms. Zoidberg, who still has swollen glands, is sitting on a stool. Professor Farnsworth sneezes. Leela, who is still walking backwards, has reached Zoidberg.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now I'm sick!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I shudder to think what this cold will do to me."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yesterday, I was nearly killed by a tight hat!"
Bender says: "I'd be remiss if I didn't rub your goopy noses in the fact that I'm immune."
Bender points at the others with his left hand, leans back in his chair, puts both his hands behind his head, and begins laughing. Leela, Hermes, and Zoidberg are standing in front of the conference table. Leela and Hermes have crossed their arms. Zoidberg is looking away. Amy is sitting on the conference table. Zoidberg walks up to Hermes and looks at Bender.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Which is why we'll all be counting on you and you alone to nurse us through this catastrophe."
Professor Farnsworth points at Bender with his left hand. Bender stops laughing, puts his hands down, and raises his left hand.
Bender says: "Why, God?"
Bender says: "Why 'ave I been singled out?"
Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Hermes, Zoidberg, and Amy sneeze and cough. Fry looks around.
Fry says: "Everyone just calm down and make yourself a tissue walrus."
Fry plugs his nose with rolled tissues.
[Flashback says: "Panucci's Pizza."
[Flashback says: "Fry, whose nose has been plugged with rolled tissues, is eating a slice of pizza with his right hand."
[Flashback says: "The camera zooms out, revealing the screen of the arcade game to read HIGH SCORES - SAC 150000 - MS 80000 - LEE 00254, Fry to be writing on a notebook with a pencil on his left hand, and Yancy Fry Jr to be eating a slice of pizza of his own with his right hand."
[Flashback says: "Fry stops writing."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Lose the tissues."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You're ruinin' Thanksgivin' dinner."
Fry says: "I'm busy with my space experiment."
Fry says: "I can't devote precious brainpower to blowing my nose."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You're never gonna win that science fair, Philip."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Face it:  Someone with your limited brainpower'd be lucky to get a job as a pizza delivery boy."
A sign on the wall reads MENU / Pizza - 98¢/Slice / Nothing Else. Mr. Panucci is holding a pizza box.
Mr. Panucci says: "Hey, Barack!"
Mr. Panucci says: "Come on!"
A young Barack Obama, who is wearing a shirt and a pair of shorts, walks up to the pizza box and grabs it. Mr. Panucci leaves.
Barack Obama says: "Man, I've got to go back to law school."
The camera zooms out, revealing Fry and Yancy Fry Jr.
Fry says: "Pfff!"
Fry says: "I'm not gonna wind up a loser like that guy."
Fry turns to his right and points at the door with his right hand.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Sure you will."
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Josh Gedgie, boy scientist."
Josh Gedgie says: "Pi over four radians of pizza, please."
Mr. Panucci says: "What is that?"
Mr. Panucci says: "About a slice?"
Josh Gedgie says: "More like exactly a slice."
Josh Gedgie points at Mr. Panucci with his left hand and laughs.
Fry says: "Game on, Gedgie."
Fry raises his right fist and sneezes, causing his tissue walrus to fall on the last slice of pizza.
Yancy Fry Jr says: "Ew!"
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I've 'ad worse."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "When I was shot down over Korea, I had to eat Kimchi."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "He was our interpreter."
Yancy Fry Sr begins eating the last slice of pizza. Fry looks at Josh Gedgie as he leaves and raises his left fist.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express kitchen, 3011."
[Cut to says: "The whole kitchen is messy."
[Cut to says: "A bell is ringing."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to Bender."
[Cut to says: "Bender, who is wearing an apron, sitting on a chair, and sleeping, screams, turns to his right and then to his left, and stands up."
Bender says: "Coming!"
Bender runs as he takes off the apron and throws it on the chair.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "A bell is being rung."
[Cut to says: "The door opens."
[Cut to says: "Bender enters, panting, and raises his left hand."
Bender says: "What now?"
The couch has been turned into a bed. Amy, Professor Farnsworth, and Fry are lying on one side. Leela, Hermes, and Zoidberg are lying on another. Amy puts the bell in the middle of the bed with her left hand.
Amy says: "Humidifier."
Bender turns to his right, sighs, and crosses his arms.
Bender says: "Fine."
Bender says: "Yes?!"
Bender says: "!"
Leela coughs and drops the bell.
Leela says: "Where's that chicken soup we asked for?"
Bender opens his chest cabinet with his right hand, puts his left hand in it, and pulls out a chicken.
Bender says: "Chicken."
Bender says: "You take it from there."
The camera pans over to Hermes.
Hermes says: "This is torture."
Hermes says: "The fever."
Hermes says: "The chills."
Hermes says: "And the sweating!"
Hermes says: "Amy's horrible sweating!"
The camera pans over to Zoidberg. Zoidberg sneezes a green substance through his mouth fingers, hitting Bender's face.
Bender says: "See you in the obituaries!"
Bender raises his right hand and leaves. Leela and Fry look at each other. Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth look at each other. Zoidberg and Amy look at each other.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks up to the wall of plexiglas, puts on the upper pair of gloves, extends his arms, and laughs evilly."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "We see one police officer, three police hovercars, four CDC officers, one CDC van, the female CDC scientist, and the male CDC scientist."
Male CDC scientist says: "How's the..."
Male CDC scientist says: "Uh..."
Male CDC scientist says: "Containment holdin' up?"
One of Bender's hands reaches the female CDC scientist's right pocket.
Female CDC scientist says: "Without turning my head, I'd say one-hundred percent."
Bender's hand pulls a set of keys out of the female CDC scientist's right pocket. The male CDC scientist and the female CDC scientist leave. Bender pulls his hand back. We hear a door open. Bender hums as he walks forward.
Time lapse. Bender has walked up to three CDC officers. The three CDC officers are not wearing their helmets and gloves anymore. Bender raises his right hand.
Bender says: "Howdy, folks."
Bender says: "And may I say, "Nice work keepin' those sickos penned up."
Bender says: "" Put 'er there."
Bender says: "An' especially you."
Bender grabs another of the officers' cheeks with both his hands, filling them with the green substance, and leaves. The officer looks at Bender as he does. The first four officers cough.
Fifth CDC officer says: "That Robot was a heckuva nice feller."
The fifth CDC officer turns to his right and smiles.
[Flashback says: "Fry's school's locker hall."
[Flashback says: "Fry carries the guinea pig in the cage through the locker hall."
Fry says: "You'd better stay here during biology."
Fry says: "Mrs."
Fry says: "Jenkins dissects anything smaller than a fifth grader."
The locker is closed. Fry is startled and sneezes. We see Josh Gedgie.
Josh Gedgie says: "Well, if it isn't Grandmaster Phlegm."
Josh Gedgie says: "I heard you're enterin' the NASA science competition."
Josh Gedgie crosses his arms.
Fry says: "Maybe I am..."
Fry says: "LL Fool J!"
Fry points at Josh Gedgie with his left hand.
Josh Gedgie says: "So what's your project?"
Josh Gedgie says: "The effects of losing on idiots?"
Fry says: "I'm gonna infect my guinea pig with the common cold and launch it into space to see if it gets cured by cosmic rays!"
Josh Gedgie laughs.
Josh Gedgie says: "Lame!"
Josh Gedgie says: "Though the common-cold virus does seem like a judge pleaser."
Josh Gedgie says: "I think I'll steal that an' do an experiment that's slightly less..."
Josh Gedgie says: "Very stupid!"
Josh Gedgie begins walking, crosses his arms again, and stops walking behind Fry. Fry turns to Josh Gedgie.
Fry says: "But that's my idea!"
Fry says: "You are an evil, evil nerd!"
Fry points at Josh Gedgie twice with his right hand.
Josh Gedgie says: "Gedgie out!"
Josh Gedgie turns back and leaves. Fry walks up to the locker and opens it with his right hand.
Fry says: "We'll show him who's stupid."
Fry approaches his guinea pig and coughs towards it. Fry's guinea pig coughs.
[Montage says: "The song "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" begins playing."
[Montage says: "Outside Fry's house."
[Montage says: "Fry's guinea pig, who has been dressed as an astronaut, is standing on a trampoline."
[Montage says: "Fry jumps onto the trampoline, throwing his guinea pig through the air."
[Montage says: "Fry's guinea pig begins descending on a parachute."
[Cut to says: "Fry's bathroom."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr is lying on the bathtub and holding a can with his right hand."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr's eyes are closed."
[Cut to says: "A shadow appears on Yancy Fry Sr's face."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr opens his eyes."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing a shampoo bottle with a door on it and connected to a parachute to fall on the bathtub."
[Cut to says: "The door on the shampoo bottle is opened, revealing Fry's guinea pig."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr, although surprised, salutes Fry's guinea pig."
[Cut to says: "Fry's basement."
[Cut to says: "Fry's guinea pig is sitting on a Lego chair, which is in a lunch box."
[Cut to says: "The lunch box is taped to a gramophone record."
[Cut to says: "On the gramophone, Fry turns a dial, causing the gramophone record and, with it, his guinea pig to start spinning, and turns another dial twice, causing the gramophone record and, with it, his guinea pig spin much faster."
[Cut to says: "Fry's guinea pig looks terrified."
[Cut to says: "The gramophone record reads Mannequin."
[Cut to says: "The numbers around the dial are 33, 45, and 78."
[Cut to says: "The song stops playing."
[Scene says: "The Channel √2 News studio."
[Scene says: "CHANNEL √√2 NEWS spins on the screen at the same speed."
[Scene says: "Morbo coughs violently and turns to his left."
Morbo says: "Linda?"
The headline consists of GESUNDFRIGHT! and a caduceus with a thermometer instead of the staff. Linda, who has a hot water bottle on her head, is wearing a robe.
Linda says: "Morbo."
Linda says: "The so-called common cold, introduced by living fossil Philip J."
Linda says: "Fry, is spreading out of control."
Linda says: "All citizens are advised to wash their hands thoroughly after beating up Philip J."
Linda says: "Fry."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Leela, Hermes, and Zoidberg are on the bed."
[Cut to says: "Amy is lying on one side."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Hermes, and Zoidberg are lying on another."
[Cut to says: "Fry is also present."
[Cut to says: "All are facing the television."
Fry says: "Phew!"
Fry says: "Lucky I'm safely locked up here with you guys."
Amy points at Fry with her right hand.
Amy says: "There 'e is!"
Hermes sits up and raises his left fist.
Hermes says: "Get him!"
Amy, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Leela begin beating up Fry.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "What are you—"
Morbo says: "The situation is expected to deteriorate as newscasters whip the city into a panic."
[Cut to says: "The Channel V√ News studio."
[Cut to says: "Morbo raises both his hands."
Morbo says: "Run!"
Morbo says: "Run for your lives!"
Three men and two women run across the studio, causing the camera and four paper sheets to fall on the floor. Linda puts the hot water bottle on the table and laughs.
Linda says: "And, finally, the heart-warming story of a handicapped magician who didn't know when to give up."
[Scene says: "Outside the Secret White House."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the building."
[Cut to says: "Inside a room."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is looking at a screen showing the map of the United States on which there is a red dot on Manhattan."
[Cut to says: "We hear four beeps."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Zapp to be leaning against a table where Richard Nixon's head is standing."
[Cut to says: "Richard Nixon's head is also looking at the screen."
Zapp says: "I don't like the looks of this, Mr."
Zapp says: "President."
Zapp says: "Shall I switch it off?"
Richard Nixon's head turns to his left.
Richard Nixon's head says: "Negative."
Richard Nixon's head says: "Rose Mary, release the Surgeon General!"
Richard Nixon's head turns to his left. The door opens.
Woman says: "Get in there!"
The woman pushes Wernstrom inside the room.
Wernstrom says: "Ow!"
Wernstrom says: "It's bright out here."
Zapp is now sitting on the table.
Richard Nixon's head says: "Wernstrom..."
Richard Nixon's head says: "The quarantine 'as failed."
Richard Nixon's head says: "Give me a worst-case scenario."
Richard Nixon's head says: "And make it grim."
Wernstrom walks up to the table.
Wernstrom says: "I've prepared some projections."
Wernstrom says: "And, in thirty-six hours, it will have infected the entire planet!"
Richard Nixon's head says: "Options?"
Zapp says: "We 'ave only one option."
Zapp says: "Protocol sixty-two."
The camera zooms in on Zapp's face. musical sting.
Richard Nixon's head says: "Not possible."
Richard Nixon's head says: "We don't 'ave nearly enough piranhas!"
Zapp says: "Then protocol sixty-three it is."
The camera zooms in on Zapp's face. musical sting.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "We see seven hovercars and two CDC - QUARANTINE SQUAD vans."
[Scene says: "The wrap covering the building falls off."
[Scene says: "The hovercars and the vans fly away."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower balcony."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Hermes, and Zoidberg have entered."
[Cut to says: "We hear tweeting sounds."
[Cut to says: "Hermes raises his arms."
Hermes says: "Hooray!"
Hermes says: "They're letting us out!"
Amy and Leela enter.
Zoidberg says: "And hundreds of black hovercopters are coming to welcome us!"
Zoidberg points forward with his right claw and puts both his claws on his chest. We see four green hovercopters cover the city with another wrap and nine Humans, including Hattie, Randy, and the Hyper-Chicken, cough, scream as they are covered, and cough again. The Hyper-Chicken clucks. We then see five green hovercopters cover the city and over a dozen hovercopters completely cover the city and fly towards us.
Hermes says: "They shrink-wrapped the hole city!"
Hermes says: "Well, it could be worse."
Hermes says: "It is worse!"
Hermes puts both his hands on his head.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus is firing the laser rays around Manhattan."
[Cut to says: "Outside the wrap."
[Cut to says: "The laser rays are being fired as an outline of the wrap."
[Cut to says: "The people scream."
[Cut to says: "The rays destroy the Manhattan Bridge."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower balcony."
[Cut to says: "We see a tractor beam."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Hermes, and Fry look up."
[Cut to says: "Outside the wrap."
[Cut to says: "The tractor beam begins lifting Manhattan up, leaving a hole."
[Cut to says: "Water flows into the hole."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus, which is controlling the tractor beam, flies Manhattan towards the Sun."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg grunts."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower balcony."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is also present."
Zoidberg says: "They're flying Manhattan into the Sun!"
Zoidberg says: "They must've been outta piranhas."
Zoidberg turns to Hermes and looks around.
Hermes says: "They're gonna kill the virus by exposing it to the heat of our burning bodies!"
Hermes raises both his hands. Zoidberg turns forward. Hermes cowers away. Professor Farnsworth is wearing a scarf.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm just glad I have my wool scarf."
The camera zooms out, revealing Fry.
Fry says: "What good is a wool—"
Professor Farnsworth throws the scarf around Fry's neck and begins pulling it. Fry, who is suffocating, attempts to free himself by pushing the scarf with both his hands.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Nimbus is still flying Manhattan towards the Sun."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Amy, and Zoidberg are looking at the city through the plexiglas wall."
[Cut to says: "Bender enters, panting."
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "You're never gonna believe this!"
Amy says: "We know!"
Amy says: "They shmooped up Manhattan and blasted us toward the Sun!"
Amy points at the plexiglas wall with her right hand.
Bender says: "They did?"
Bender says: "Aw!"
Bender says: "So that's why this was unguarded."
The screen shows Wernstrom on a podium.
Wernstrom says: "People of New New York, this is Surgeon General Ogden Vernstrom."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wern--strom!"
Wernstrom says: "No doctor likes hurling his patients into the Sun, but, since there is no way to make a vaccine for the common cold—"
Professor Farnsworth grunts as a lamp hits the screen. The lamp falls on the floor and is broken.
Professor Farnsworth says: "There is a way to make a vaccine!"
Fry says: "There is?"
Fry says: "Yay!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Of course, there's a catch."
Fry says: "Woo!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Amy, Hermes, Leela, and Professor Farnsworth are behind a glass."
[Cut to says: "Fry is in front of the glass, stuck on a metallic surface, below three sets of four cutting tools, and above a bucket."
Fry says: "So what's the catch?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The vaccine requires the original, unmutated, 20th-century cold virus."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So I need to grind you into a paste."
Professor Farnsworth turns a lever with his right hand, activating the cutting tools and making them begin descending. Leela runs towards the glass.
Leela says: "Professor, no!"
Leela turns to Professor Farnsworth.
Fry says: "It's okay, Leela."
Fry says: "This is all my fault, sort of."
Fry says: "If this will save you, then, please, turn me into a virus milkshake."
Professor Farnsworth says: "He consented!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You all heard it!"
Professor Farnsworth turns the lever further, making the cutting tools descend faster. The camera begins zooming in on Fry. Fry closes his eyes.
[Flashback says: "Fry's school's gymnasium."
[Flashback says: "A banner reading NASA PRESENTS NERD SEARCH '88 is hanging down from the ceiling."
[Flashback says: "We see twenty-six people, including Fry and Yancy Fry Sr, and nine tables."
[Flashback says: "Fry and Yancy Fry Sr are walking among the tables."
[Flashback says: "Fry is holding his guinea pig's cage."
[Flashback says: "A boy grabs a jar labelled TANG with his right hand and pours it into a 12-unit corn field."
[Flashback says: "A poster behind him reads SPACE FARM."
[Flashback says: "The camera pans over to Fry and Yancy Fry Sr, passing by another boy, who is sitting on a table supporting a hat with a calculator attached to it."
[Flashback says: "A piece of cardboard behind him reads CALCULATOR SPACE HAT."
[Flashback says: "Fry is looking at his guinea pig's cage, where his guinea pig, who is in the shampoo bottle, is dressed as an astronaut."
[Flashback says: "Yancy Fry Sr, whose hands are in his pockets, is looking at the opposite direction."
[Flashback says: "The poster behind them reads GUINEE PIG in SPACE."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Yes, sir."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Many of these entries merit a ride in the mighty bosom of our space shuttle."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "And then there's your so-called entry."
Yancy Fry Sr turns to Fry. Fry's guinea pig sneezes. Josh Gedgie, whose eyes are closed and who is holding a suitcase with his left hand, walks into Fry.
Fry says: "Jeez!"
Fry says: "Walk much, Gedgie?!"
Fry says: "!"
Josh Gedgie turns to Fry, looks at Fry's guinea pig, and laughs.
Josh Gedgie says: "Absurd."
Josh Gedgie says: "You really think your guinea pig could survive in the vacuum of space?"
Fry says: "He already survived in the vacuum of my mom."
Fry says: "I mean, "My mom's vacuum."
Josh Gedgie says: "My experiment measures the effects of microgravity of the propagation of the common cold virus in an anaerobic environment; i."
Josh Gedgie says: "e."
Josh Gedgie says: ", space."
Josh Gedgie says: "Impressed?"
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Damn right I am."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "Nice job, son."
Fry looks offended. The camera zooms in on Fry's guinea pig. Fry's guinea pig coughs.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express laboratory, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Fry opens his eyes."
Fry says: "Hey, wait a second!"
Fry says: "I know where you can get some 20th-century cold virus without killing me!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hush, lad."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm totally in the zone."
Fry says: "We just 'ave to find the Nerd Search '88 satellite!"
Professor Farnsworth sighs and turns the lever, deactivating the cutting tools and making them stop descending.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I don't know why I even build these things."
Professor Farnsworth turns to Fry and raises his left hand.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship flies away from the Planet Express hangar and heads for the top of the wrap."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express ship turret."
[Cut to says: "Bender is present."
[Cut to says: "A television screen shows Leela sitting at the wheel."
Leela says: "Gunnery Chief Bender, blast us out of quarantine."
Cut to Outside the Planet Express ship turret.
Bender says: "Aye, aye, lady."
Bender presses a button. The Planet Express ship fires several times at the top of the wrap, but nothing happens.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Fry are present."
[Cut to says: "Leela is sitting at the wheel."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, fiddlepoop!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Our weapons aren't strong enough to puncture a thin plastic tent that thick?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "But theirs are!"
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus bridge."
[Cut to says: "Kif and Zapp are present and are both sitting down."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is using his cellphone."
[Cut to says: "A screen in front of Kif turns red."
[Cut to says: "An alarm goes off."
[Cut to says: "We see the Planet Express ship through the window."
[Cut to says: "Kif stands up."
Kif says: "Captain, a ship is attempting to break the quarantine."
Zapp looks at the window and turns his chair towards it.
Zapp says: "Blow them to baco bits with a well placed warning shot!"
The camera pans over to Kif.
Kif says: "But—"
Zapp, who has stood up, pushes Kif's head against a button with FIRE above it with his right hand. Kif grunts. We see a light and hear a beep. Kif sighs.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus launches a missile resembling the Universe to Universe Missile from The Beast with a Billion Backs towards the wrap, making a hole that allows the Planet Express ship to escape."
[Cut to says: "The hole closes."
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus bridge."
[Cut to says: "Kif and Zapp are looking at the window."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is sitting down again."
[Cut to says: "The window shows the Planet Express ship fly away from the wrap."
Zapp says: "Oops."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "We see Leela and Fry."
[Cut to says: "Leela's left hand is at the wheel."
[Cut to says: "Leela's right hand is on a device hanging down from the ceiling."
Fry says: "We'll find that cold virus."
Fry says: "The Nerd Search satellite was launched on the space shuttle and released into orbit."
Fry looks at Leela.
Leela says: "Hmmm."
Leela says: "All ancient satellites were swept up as space junk in 2113."
Leela says: "I'm Facebooking right now."
The camera pans over to Professor Farnsworth. Professor Farnsworth, who is in front of a hologram showing Saturn and eight of its moons, touches one of the moons with his left hand. The hologram zooms in on the moon.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Aha!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "That satellite was scuttled on Enceladus, Saturn's main dump moon!"
Professor Farnsworth points at the hologram with both his hands and raises his right index finger. Leela and Fry, who are looking at Professor Farnsworth, turn forward.
Fry says: "Let's dump it up!"
Fry raises his right fist.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies by Saturn and towards Enceladus."
[Cut to says: "Enceladus."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, and the Planet Express ship are present."
[Cut to says: "Leela is looking at her wristlojackimator and touching it with her left hand."
[Cut to says: "Bender, who is wearing the scarf, is looking around."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is looking at Fry."
[Cut to says: "Fry is looking at the floor."
Leela says: "This is the exact location of the dump."
Leela says: "But there's nothing here."
Bender expresses cold.
Bender says: "Can we please go home an' die now?"
Professor Farnsworth turns to Bender.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm with Bender."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Whatever was here's been covered by centuries of ice buildup."
Fry turns forward.
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Remember the code of the ice."
Fry says: "Thin an' crispy, way too risky."
Fry walks onto a frozen lake and grunts as he repeatedly steps on it. Leela, Bender, and Professor Farnsworth scream as they fall through the ice. Fry turns to the hole that was made. Leela, Bender, and Professor Farnsworth hit the ground.
Leela says: "I found a satellite!"
[Cut to says: "Below the floor."
[Cut to says: "We see several frozen satellites."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender, and Professor Farnsworth are standing up."
[Cut to says: "Fry, who is kneeling in front of one of the frozen satellites, knocks down a piece of equipment."
Fry says: "Let's just hope the experiment's still in here."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "We're saved!"
[Flashback says: "Fry's school's gymnasium."
[Flashback says: "We see thirty-seven people, including a man on a podium, Josh Gedgie, Fry, and Yancy Fry Sr."
Man says: "And now, to present the awards, our very special guest."
Man says: "Truly a man who can and will do anything..."
Man says: "Dr."
Man says: "Buzz Aldrin!"
The man steps away from the podium and begins applauding. The audience begins applauding as well. The camera zooms out. Buzz Aldrin walks up to the podium. The man stops applauding and puts his hands behind his back.
Buzz Aldrin says: "Wow!"
Buzz Aldrin says: "Vijay Patel and his calculator space hat!"
Buzz Aldrin points forward with his left hand. The SPACE FARM boy that we saw earlier cheers.
Vijai Patel says: "Woo!"
Vijai Patel leaves the stage. The camera zooms in on Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz Aldrin says: "And now the grand-prize winner whose experiment will be launched into space."
Buzz Aldrin points up with his left index finger. A man begins drumming. The camera zooms out, revealing it to be the man from the podium. Josh Gedgie, who is smiling, turns to Fry. Fry turns to Josh Gedgie.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "My money's on Gedgie."
Yancy Fry Sr has put both his hands in his pockets and turned to Fry. Fry is holding his guinea pig's cage.
Fry says: "Yeah?"
Fry says: "He may 'ave brains, but I 'ave heart."
Yancy Fry Sr turns forward. The man stops drumming. Buzz Aldrin points forward with his left hand.
Buzz Aldrin says: "Josh Gedgie!"
Fry looks shocked. The crowd begins applauding. Josh Gedgie, who is holding one of the three petri dishes, now labelled COMMON COLD, begins walking and laughs. Fry looks sad. Yancy Fry Sr looks at Josh Gedgie.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I'll bring the car around."
Yancy Fry Sr leaves. The camera zooms in on Fry. Josh Gedgie walks up to the stage, turns to the crowd, and raises the petri dish with both his hands. We see the petri dish closer.
[Cut to says: "Enceladus, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Below the floor."
[Cut to says: "The petri dish, which has a sign reading 1ST COLD VIRUS IN SPACE BY JOSH GEDGIE to its left and a US flag to its right, is grabbed by Fry's right hand."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns to his right and hands Professor Farnsworth the petri dish."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth takes the petri dish with his right hand, turns to his right, and looks at the petri dish."
Professor Farnsworth says: "What a well prepared virus culture."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This will make a fine vaccine."
Professor Farnsworth turns to Fry and points at the petri dish with his left hand.
Fry says: "Good thing Gedgie won."
Fry says: "My dumb experiment wouldn't've lasted an hour in space, let alone a thousand years."
Fry says: "Besides, Buzz Aldrin ran over my guinea pig in the parking lot."
Fry crosses his arms, points forward with his left hand, and crosses his arms again.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, okay."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Uh, come on, gang."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let's go inoculate everyone and cram Manhattan back into its rightful hole!"
Professor Farnsworth turns to his right, lifts up his left fist, and points up with his left index finger.
[Cut to says: "New New York."
[Cut to says: "Manhattan is lowered into the hole by the tractor beam."
[Cut to says: "The tractor beam pulls up the wrap."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "A hoversign reads FREE VACCINATIONS IN REAR."
[Cut to says: "We see ten Humans, including the perfume saleswoman, and one Alien queued in front of the door."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "The conference table, Professor Farnsworth's chair, and another of the chairs from the Planet Express conference room are present."
[Cut to says: "An open first aid kit is on the table."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth and Wernstrom are sitting in front of each other."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's hands are on Wernstrom's right hand."
[Cut to says: "We see thirteen Humans, including Hattie, Randy Munchnik, and Sal, and three Aliens, including the Hyper-Chicken, queued behind them."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This may hurt a little."
Professor Farnsworth grabs a fork with his left hand and sticks it in Wernstrom's right arm.
Wernstrom says: "Ow!"
Professor Farnsworth removes the fork from Wernstrom's right arm with his left hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now, I'll give you the shot."
The camera pans up to Fry and Leela. Fry is looking down, sad. Leela is looking at Fry, concerned.
Leela says: "You saved millions of lives, Fry."
Leela says: "You should feel proud."
Leela says: "No matter what your dad said to you."
Fry looks at Leela. Leela puts her right hand on Fry's left shoulder. Fry turns to Leela. Leela smiles. The camera begins zooming in on Fry. Fry smiles.
[Flashback says: "Outside the shack on the frozen lake."
[Flashback says: "The heavy bag pack is next to the hole."
[Flashback says: "The camera begins zooming in on the shack."
[Cut to says: "Inside the shack."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr and Fry are each holding a fishing rod."
[Cut to says: "The two fishing rods have been dropped in a hole on the floor."
[Cut to says: "Fry expresses cold."
[Cut to says: "Yancy Fry Sr looks at Fry and then forward."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "You still 'aven't thanked me for pullin' you outta the lake, soldier."
Yancy Fry Sr looks at Fry again. Fry looks at Yancy Fry Sr.
Fry says: "I could've flip-flopped out."
Yancy Fry Sr looks forward again.
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I know that."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I love you, son."
Fry begins smiling. Yancy Fry Sr looks forward and removes his left hand from Fry's left shoulder. Fry whimpers. The camera begins zooming out. Yancy Fry Sr begins smiling, looks at Fry, and hands him the can. Fry looks at the can and then at Yancy Fry Sr, grabs the can with his left hand, and looks at it. Yancy Fry Sr looks forward. Fry begins taking a sip. Yancy Fry Sr looks at Fry. Fry finishes taking the sip. Yancy Fry Sr looks forward. Fry looks at Yancy Fry Sr and hands him the can. Yancy Fry Sr looks at Fry, grabs the can with his right hand, and looks forward.
[Cut to says: "Outside the shack."
[Cut to says: "The camera begins zooming out."
Yancy Fry Sr says: "I don't want you gettin' frozen."
Fade to white. Closing Credits.