[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Not Affiliated With Futurama Brass Knuckle Co."
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender stands in front of a mirror wearing a black top hat and purple cape."
[Scene says: "Fry wears a snazzy, yet revealing, leotard."
[Scene says: "Bender clears his throat and addresses the mirror."
Bender says: "For my next trick, notice I have nothing up my sleeves..."
Bender says: "Behold, the milk has vanished!"
Bender says: "Exiled, perhaps, to another dimension!"
He bows to his "audience". As he bows milk drips out from his chest cabinet. Fry claps.
Fry says: "Amazing!"
Fry says: "That's why they call you "Bender the Magnificent"!"
Bender says: "No, it isn't."
He throws the newspaper across the room into a bin. Fry sees the headline "Archeologists Discover 'Slice Of Old New York'".
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "They discovered an intact, 20th century pizzeria, just like the one I used to work at."
Bender says: "Interesting."
Bender says: "No, wait, the other thing..."
Bender says: "tedious."
Fry says: "Let's go check it out."
Fry says: "You can see how I lived before I met you."
Bender says: "You lived before you met me?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "Lots of people did."
Bender says: "Really?"
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender walk down a corridor to the exhibit past displays such as "Codpieces of the Federal Reserve Chairman", a pimp in amber and "Coprolites of the New York Knicks"."
[Scene says: "Bender hums and they walk into the pizzeria exhibit."
[Scene says: "They look around."
Bender says: "Truly, they were as gods who built this place!"
A tour group enters.
Tour Guide says: "Next, we come to the splendidly-preserved wooden pizza paddle."
Tour Guide says: "Scientists theorise it was used to gently discipline the delivery boy."
Fry crouches next to the robot delivery boy and pulls down his fringe so it looks like his robot counterpart's. He notices a "Panucci's Pizza" menu on the wall.
Fry says: "Wait a second!"
Fry says: "This is Panucci's!"
Fry says: "I used to work in this exact pizzeria!"
Fry says: "And for your information, lady, this was not just used to paddle my butt."
Fry says: "It was also used to move pizzas and crush rats."
Tour Guide says: "I don't know where you get your facts, sir, but I am a volunteer housewife with 45 minutes of orientation and a Harlequin romance about archaeologists."
She holds up a book.
Fry says: "Don't wave your fancy degrees at me!"
Fry says: "I recognise all this stuff."
Fry says: "Petrified sausages, old Mr."
Fry says: "Patelli."
He gasps. There is a dog-shaped black thing in the display case.
[Flashback says: "August 1997."
[Flashback says: "A scruffy dog scratches itself in an alley and watches Fry deliver a pizza across the street."
[Flashback says: "Fry buzzes the intercom."
Man says: "Yes?"
Fry says: "Pizza delivery for Mr."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "Seymour Asses."
Man says: "There's no one by that name here..."
Man says: "or anywhere."
Man says: "I hope that in time you'll realise what an idiot you've been."
Fry says: "I wouldn't count on that."
[Scene says: "Alley."
[Scene says: "Fry sits leaning against a wall."
[Scene says: "He opens the pizza box and takes out a slice and starts to eat it."
[Scene says: "The dog crawls out from behind a dumpster and whines."
[Scene says: "Fry sees him."
Fry says: "Aw!"
Fry says: "Poor little guy."
Fry says: "You look like you haven't eaten in a month."
Fry says: "Here..."
Fry says: "Live long and prosper."
He rides away and Seymour watches.
[Cut to says: "New York Street."
[Cut to says: "Seymour chases Fry, barking."
Flashback ends. Bender reacts to the fossilised dog.
Bender says: "Yuck!"
Bender says: "That's the least appetising calzone I've ever seen!"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "That's my dog in there."
Fry says: "It's an outrage, I say!"
Fry says: "Uh-oh!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Cut to says: "The security guards throw Fry out of the building and he bounces down the steps, screaming in pain."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit at the table."
Bender says: "And then he was ejected by the guards."
Bender says: "Needless to say, I was mortified."
Fry says: "Well it's not right to make my dead pet an exhibit."
Fry says: "That's like digging up Lassie and putting her on display in the Louvre."
Amy says: "Lassie is on display in the Louvre."
Fry says: "I know."
Fry says: "I was deliberately describing a similar situation."
Farnsworth says: "Why don't you try protesting?"
Farnsworth says: "Like those native Martians; always whining that people don't treat their ancestor's bones with respect."
He takes a slurp from a mug which look suspiciously like a Martian skull.
Bender says: "Nah, protesting never works."
Fry says: "You're right."
Fry says: "I'll give it a shot!"
[Scene says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Fry holds a sign and a megaphone."
Crowd says: "What do you want?"
Fry says: "Fry's dog!"
Crowd says: "When do you want it?"
Fry says: "I will now perform my people's native dance."
He turns on a tape and dances to Van McCoy's The Hustle. Leela reads a book.
Leela says: "It says this part of The Hustle implores the gods to grant a favour."
Leela says: "Usually a Trans-AM."
Fry says: "That a boy, Seymour!"
Fry says: "Right here waiting for me as always."
Fry says: "Just like that huge mushroom in my shower."
He goes inside. Seymour follows through the dog flap.
[Cut to says: "Panucci's Pizza."
Panucci says: "Hey!"
Panucci says: "There's our little mascot."
Panucci says: "Fry, cleanup!"
Fry says: "Seymour, cleanup!"
Fry says: "Good dog!"
Panucci says: "That's a good Seymour!"
A boy plays an arcade game with one hand and holds a pizza slice with another.
Boy says: "Yo!"
Boy says: "There's dog fur on my slice!"
Panucci says: "Nah, that's vermicelli!"
Panucci says: "No fur in here!"
He sneezes into the dough and continues rubbing it. Seymour swims around in the tomato sauce.
Fry says: "He's so cute!"
Fry says: "He can do two things at one time: Eat and swim."
Fry says: "Ooh, three things!"
Flashback ends. Fry is still dancing. It is raining and the music starts to muffle.
Leela says: "Fry, it's been three days."
Leela says: "You can't keep boogie-ing like this."
Leela says: "You'll come down with a fever of some sort."
Two men walk out of the museum. One holds a briefcase and his assistant holds an umbrella.
Ben Beeler says: "Mr."
Ben Beeler says: "Fry?"
Ben Beeler says: "I'm Dr."
Ben Beeler says: "Ben Beeler, the palaeontologist who discovered your dog."
Ben Beeler says: "Or as some call it, the "Beelersaurus"."
Fry says: "So do I get Seymour back?"
Fry says: "Are you caving to political pressure?"
Beeler says: "No, we're sorry but there's just too much that fossil can teach us about dogs from your time."
Fry says: "His name was Seymour."
Fry says: "He was once intimate with the leg of a wandering saxophonist."
Fry says: "He had wet dog smell, even when dry."
Fry says: "And he was not above chasing the number 29 bus."
Ray says: "The 29?"
Ray says: "Interesting."
Beeler says: "That's all I needed."
Beeler says: "Ray?"
Ray says: "I'm good."
Beeler says: "OK then."
Beeler says: "Here's your dog back."
He takes Seymour out of his briefcase and hands it to Fry. He hugs him and chuckles.
Fry says: "Seymour!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender the Magnificent has sawn Dr."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg in half."
[Scene says: "Although his feet look oddly human."
Bender says: "Lady and gentleman!"
Bender says: "How 'bout a hand for my temporary replacement assistant?"
Scruffy and Leela applaud. Zoidberg jumps out of one half of the box.
Zoidberg says: "I was all in this part!"
Zoidberg says: "It's magic!"
Bender beats him with his wand with each word.
Bender says: "You are not fit to wear Fry's leotard!"
Zoidberg says: "Stop!"
Enter Farnsworth, Fry and Seymour.
Fry says: "Good news, everyone!"
Bender says: "Hooray, he's back!"
Bender says: "And he's looking for a garbage can to put the rock in!"
Bender says: "Here you go, buddy!"
He holds up a waste basket.
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "Actually we've discovered that Fry's dog was fast-fossilised, preserving it's cellular structure!"
Fry says: "Which means we can clone it!"
Fry says: "Seymour will live again!"
Leela gasps.
Zoidberg says: "A little land mammal!"
Fry says: "Can you believe it, Bender?"
Fry says: "I'm going to have my best friend back!"
Bender turns away and starts to cry. His tears turn into balloons and doves and his antenna sprouts flowers.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth has set up his cloning machine and the staff look on."
[Scene says: "Enter Cubert."
Cubert says: "Why the idiot convention?"
Farnsworth says: "Ah, Cubert, my precious babe."
Farnsworth says: "I'm going to attempt to clone Fry's dog using the very same apparatus I used to clone you."
Farnsworth says: "You see, beneath the fossil's crunchy, mineral shell, there's still a creamy core of dog nougat."
On the screen an arrow points to a yellow blob inside Seymour.
Fry says: "So will Seymour remember how to sing Walking On Sunshine?"
Farnsworth says: "Amazingly, yes."
Farnsworth says: "In cases of rapid fossilisation, I can press this brain scan button, retrieving Seymour's memories at the precise instant of doggy death."
Fry says: "I'm gonna get my puppy back!"
Fry says: "In your face, Grim Reaper!"
Bender says: "Crappy ineffective Reaper!"
Farnsworth says: "I just need to reset the Clone-O-Mat from Human Mode to Dog Mode."
He turns a switch around to a picture of a dog.
A cow moos.
Farnsworth says: "Uh-oh, this may take a while."
He thumps the switch.
[Flashback says: "December 31 1999."
[Flashback says: "Fry "teaches" the boy to play Monkey Fracas Jr."
[Flashback says: "at Panucci's."
[Flashback says: "Seymour looks on, wagging his tail."
Boy says: "You stink, loser!"
Panucci leans over the counter with a pizza.
Panucci says: "Hey, Fry."
Panucci says: "Pizza goin' out."
Panucci says: "C'mon!"
Fry says: "But I'm celebrating New Year's Eve."
Panucci says: "Like you got squat to celebrate!"
Panucci says: "You're a delivery boy this millennium and you'll be a delivery boy next millennium!"
Panucci says: "What's with Seymour?"
Panucci says: "It's like he don't want you to go."
Panucci says: "Or he thinks your pants is too short, or somethin'."
Panucci says: "Which is crazy 'cause, frankly, you look fabulous."
Panucci says: "Now get goin'!"
[Scene says: "Outside Panucci's Pizza."
[Scene says: "Fry unlocks his bike and Seymour put his paw on the wheel."
Fry says: "I won't be gone long, Seymour."
Fry says: "Just wait here till I come back."
He rides off. Seymour sits, waiting.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics."
[Scene says: "Fry knocks on the and goes in."
[Cut to says: "Cryogenics Lab."
[Cut to says: "Fry wipes the condensation from one of the cryo-tubes and looks around."
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Pizza delivery for..."
Fry says: "Here's to another lousy millennium."
[Scene says: "Outside Panucci's Pizza."
[Scene says: "Crowds are gathered to see in the new year wearing party hats and holding glasses."
Crowd says: "Five, four, three, two."
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics."
[Scene says: "Fry blows the noise maker and the chair tips back."
[Scene says: "He doesn't see two shadows under the desk, one of a small creature and one of a figure whose hair has two forks at the front."
[Scene says: "Fry falls off the chair and rolls backwards into the freezer."
[Scene says: "The dial on the machine sets to 1000 years."
Fry says: "What the--?"
He looks around and screams. In a flash he is frozen in time.
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Fry takes a bag of Kibbles 'n' Snouts out of a brown paper bag and puts it into the cupboard next to a box of Cocker Floss."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in and notices a dog collar on the side."
Bender says: "A dog collar, for me?"
Bender says: "You shouldn't have!"
Fry says: "That's for Seymour."
He walks out.
Bender says: "Oh."
He takes it off and throws it down. It bounces off a squeaky dog newspaper.
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry unloads two more bags of Kibbles 'n' Snouts."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks in, carrying the toy."
Bender says: "Say, why'd you get me a subscription to the Daily Growl?"
Bender says: "That's not a reputable journal of opinion."
Fry says: "Oh, that's also for Seymour."
Fry says: "I'm getting everything ready for when he's cloned."
Bender says: "Are you on the junk, Fry?"
Bender says: "Why are you wasting time on a creature of inferior intelligence?"
Fry says: "Hey, he was smart!"
Fry says: "He could fetch."
Bender says: "I can fetch."
He runs out then back in again carrying a moai.
Fry says: "He could dig up bones."
Bender says: "Hello?"
Bender says: "Charlemagne?"
Bender says: "Plus, I bet he couldn't create a laser show with his head."
The lights go out and lasers come out of his antenna. Techno music plays.
Fry says: "Look, Bender, this has nothing to do with you."
Bender says: "That's impossible!"
Fry says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm working on Seymour's doghouse."
Bender looks at a kennel and walks out. Fry holds a hammer and a sign saying "Seymour" ready to nail on.
Bender says: "No one ever asks if Bender would like to live in a tiny little house."
Bender says: "Not that I would."
Bender says: "A tiny little house that says "Bender" on it."
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Flashback says: "January 1st 2000."
[Flashback says: "At the Frys' house, Mr."
[Flashback says: "Fry is on the phone but can hear only Fry's answerphone message."
Fry says: "This is Fry."
Fry says: "If you're calling about the used towels for sale, they're still available for $45 each."
The answerphone beeps.
Mr. Fry says: "Phil, it's your father."
Mr. Fry says: "Where are you?"
Mr. Fry says: "You're holding up New Year's brunch."
Mr. Fry says: "Your brother can't wait any longer."
Yancy picks up a sandwich.
Yancy says: "Hello, first baloney of the new millennium!"
Yancy says: "Ah, here he comes."
Yancy says: "That's him and Seymour."
Mr. Fry opens the door and Seymour runs in barking.
Mrs. Fry says: "Well that's weird."
Mrs. Fry says: "Seymour's here but--  Go!"
Mrs. Fry says: "Go!"
Mrs. Fry says: "Touchdown!"
Mrs. Fry says: "But where's Philip?"
Mr. Fry says: "I'm tellin' you, the Y2K computer's got him."
Mr. Fry says: "We'll face burnin' roads, rivers exploding, calculators transformed into Scud missiles."
Mr. Fry says: "There's nothing we can do."
Mr. Fry says: "What's that, Seymour?"
Mr. Fry says: "You walking on sunshine?"
Seymour runs over to the door and scratches it.
Yancy says: "He's trying to tell us something."
Yancy says: "Maybe he can lead us to Philip."
[Cut to says: "Outside The Frys' House."
[Cut to says: "Seymour runs out the front door."
Yancy says: "Should we follow him?"
Mr. Fry says: "To our deaths?"
Mr. Fry says: "Negatory."
[Cut to says: "The Frys' Lounge."
Mr. Fry says: "It's the Y2K tryin' to lure us into an ambush."
Mr. Fry says: "And I ain't buyin' it."
Mr. Fry says: "Pass the baloney."
He eats a sandwich.
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela and Amy wrestle while Fry stands by the couch holding Seymour."
[Scene says: "Leela pins down Amy."
Fry says: "Are you two gonna be done soon?"
Leela says: "Sorry, but we need to practise hand-to-hand combat in case an enemy knocks the laser guns out of our hands and they slide way across the room."
Fry says: "Well could you do it some place else?"
Fry says: "I'm setting up Seymour's doggy bed."
Leela says: "OK."
She drags Amy out of Fry's way. Fry kicks the mat out of the way and puts Seymour's bed on the floor next to the couch. Enter Bender and a Robo-Puppy.
Bender says: "Heel, boy, heel!"
Bender says: "Oh, hello, Fry!"
Bender says: "I guess I didn't notice you there."
Bender says: "I'm having such fun with my new best friend, Robo-Puppy."
Fry says: "That's nice."
Bender says: "I was just out walking him."
Bender says: "Yes, you can walk him."
Bender says: "Of course, after he goes you have to refill the canisters."
Bender says: "C'mere, boy!"
Bender says: "Pet, pet, pet."
He pets Robo-Puppy.
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy receiving petting."
Amy says: "Bender, are you jealous of Fry's puppy?"
Amy says: "That's so adorable!"
Bender says: "Jealous?"
Bender says: "Not while I have the love of Robo-Puppy here."
Bender says: "Robo-Puppy, lick my cheek."
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy preparing to lick cheek."
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy commencing cheek-licking."
Robo-Puppy says: "Licking in progress."
Robo-Puppy says: "Licking complete."
Bender says: "Robo-Puppy truly is robot's best friend, huh?"
Fry finishes the bed.
Fry says: "Ah, there!"
Fry says: "Perfect!"
There is a fanfare and a hologram of Farnsworth's head appears in the room.
Holo-Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Holo-Farnsworth says: "The Clone-O-Mat is ready!"
The hologram disappears. Leela and Amy cheer and Leela slams Amy down.
Fry says: "Finally!"
Bender growls.
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy commencing two-hour yipping session."
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert!"
Robo-Puppy says: "Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "The staff stand in front of the Clone-O-Mat."
[Scene says: "The roof is open and storm clouds drift by."
Farnsworth says: "Behold once more, the mighty Clone-O-Mat!"
Farnsworth says: "Requiring such vast amounts of electricity that we must harness the elemental power of nature itself."
Farnsworth says: "I speak, of course, of molten lava deep within the Earth's core."
Farnsworth says: "To the sub-basement!"
He pulls a lever and the platform that the Clone-O-Mat and they are on descends through the floor.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Sub-Basement."
[Cut to says: "Scruffy pulls a chain and the platform slowly descends towards the ground."
[Cut to says: "It topples but he rights it."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth steps off with a power cord and takes it to a socket on a lava vent."
[Cut to says: "A nearby sign reads "Warning: Contents Of Earth May Be Hot"."
Farnsworth says: "Powering up Clone-O-Mat."
Farnsworth says: "Initiating dog brain CAT scan."
Electricity encompasses the fossil. Fry pats his thighs.
Fry says: "Come on, boy!"
Fry says: "Come back to life!"
Farnsworth says: "Know ye now what feels like to be dog god!"
Farnsworth says: "Commencing DNA extraction."
He pulls on a rope and a drill moves towards Seymour. Enter Bender the Magnificent.
Bender says: "Fry, c'mon, the talent show!"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "I'm in the middle of something."
Bender says: "But, if we don't perform, in what sense do we have an act?"
Fry says: "Bender, enough!"
Fry says: "Leave me alone!"
Bender says: "So that's how it is, huh?"
Bender says: "I thought you were my friend."
Bender says: "But if you love your dog so much, maybe you'd rather play fetch!"
He picks up Seymour before the drill bit reaches him and throws him into the molten lava.
Leela says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
Seymour sinks and Fry gasps. Bender laughs and hugs him.
Bender says: "Now I'm all you got!"
Time Lapse. Fry weakly hits Bender.
Fry says: "I hate you!"
Fry says: "I hate you!"
Fry says: "You evil metal man!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
He falls to the floor and curls up.
Bender says: "So anyway your dog is melted."
Bender says: "Now we're friends again."
Farnsworth says: "Not necessarily."
Farnsworth says: "For the dog may yet survive."
Fry says: "May yet?"
Fry says: "Really?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Farnsworth says: "You see, that fossil was made of dolomite; The tough black mineral that won't cop out when there's heat all about."
Farnsworth says: "By contrast, observe the lava's affect on this ice swan."
Farnsworth says: "Of course, that would have melted even at room temperature."
Farnsworth says: "I just wanted to get rid of it."
Farnsworth says: "But had it been made of that righteous mineral dolomite, there's a slim chance it might have survived."
Fry says: "So Seymour might still exist?"
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps, for a few minutes."
Farnsworth says: "It's dolomite, baby!"
Fry says: "Then I'm goin' in after him."
He takes his jacket off and rips off his shirt. He pulls off his trousers and runs for the lava.
Amy says: "No!"
Leela says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "He'd come after me!"
[Flashback says: "January 1st 2000."
[Flashback says: "Montage: Seymour runs down a street and looks in Panucci's window."
[Flashback says: "He sniffs Fry's hand and face prints on the pavement."
[Flashback says: "Later, he runs into a 99c Store and sniffs a photo of Fry underneath a notice that says "Do Not Take Checks From This Man"."
[Flashback says: "He runs into Itelli's Barber Shop, sniffs some red hair clippings then eats some."
[Flashback says: "Outside Mr."
[Flashback says: "Putzz' Mini-Golf, he looks through the railings."
[Flashback says: "He runs down another street and sees someone open a door and throw out a Panucci's Pizza box."
[Flashback says: "He runs inside the Applied Cryogenics building."
Flashback ends. Fry takes a dive for the lava. Leela and Amy push him to the ground.
Leela says: "Acting like a moron won't bring your dog back."
Fry says: "Then all hope is lost."
Fry says: "Goodbye, Seymour."
He cries.
Bender says: "Please stop crying, Fry."
Bender says: "Here."
Bender says: "I assumed you were just pretending to love the dog to toy with my emotions."
Bender says: "Oh, what have I done?"
He starts to cry.
Zoidberg says: "You didn't do anything."
Zoidberg says: "Don't beat yourself up."
Bender says: "Fry, I'm sorry."
Bender says: "I should have understood how someone can love an inferior creature, because I love you."
Bender says: "Not in the way of the Ancient Greeks, but the way a robot loves a human, a human loves a dog and, occasionally, a gorilla loves a kitty."
Bender says: "I'm goin' in!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm a professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Why isn't anyone listening to me?"
Farnsworth says: "You can't go in because you'll melt."
Farnsworth says: "The fossil only has a chance because it's made of dolomite."
Bender says: "I'm 40% dolomite!"
Bender says: "Oh, it's hot!"
Bender says: "It's very hot!"
[Flashback says: "January 1st 2000."
[Flashback says: "In the cryogenics lab, Seymour barks at Fry, frozen in the cryo-tube."
[Flashback says: "A man fixes a radiator and a cryogenisist sits at his desk nursing a hangover."
Cryogenisist says: "Ugh!"
Cryogenisist says: "I am one hungover cryogenisist."
Cryogenisist says: "Just throw that mutt in the freezer till his owners get here."
Plumber says: "You can't solve all your problems by freezing them, boss."
Cryogenisist says: "I think you're forgetting our motto."
He points at a sign that reads "You Can Solve All Your Problems By Freezing Them!" Underneath in a cryo-tube is a woman with a rolling pin and an apron. Enter Mr. and Mrs. Fry.
Mr. Fry says: "Are you the cryogenisist who called about our son's dog?"
Cryogenisist says: "Oh, you must be the Frys."
Cryogenisist says: "Yeah, he's right over there."
He points to Seymour who is still barking at Fry's freezer.
Mrs. Fry says: "Sorry we're late."
Mrs. Fry says: "We all got sick from eating bad baloney."
Mr. Fry says: "Y2K!"
Mr. and Mrs. Fry stand by Fry's freezer but don't see him.
Mrs. Fry says: "What's he so worked up about?"
Mr. Fry says: "He's just upset 'cause our boy's missing."
Mr. Fry says: "C'mon, you overgrown rat."
Mr. Fry says: "Lead us to Philip."
Seymour struggles but Mr. Fry drags him out.
Flashback ends. Bender still hasn't returned to the surface.
Leela says: "Bender's been down there too long."
Leela says: "I'm going in after him."
She starts to rip off her wrestling suit.
Farnsworth says: "Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Lava!"
Farnsworth says: "Hot!"
Fry says: "This is all my fault."
Fry says: "I let my best friend risk his life just to get my dead dog back."
Fry says: "Bender!"
Bender says: "And that is why they call me Bender the Magnificent!"
Bender says: "Hey, where'd everybody go?"
Time Lapse.
Bender says: "OK!"
Bender says: "Let's clone us some dog!"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Farnsworth says: "Very well."
Farnsworth says: "Let this abomination unto the Lord begin!"
Farnsworth says: "Interesting."
Farnsworth says: "It seems Seymour died at the ripe old age of 15."
Fry says: "15?"
Fry says: "You mean he lived for 12 more years after I got frozen?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Fry says: "Stop the cloning."
He picks up a spanner and hits the Clone-O-Mat with it.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, sure!"
Farnsworth says: "Smash the smart guy's machine!"
Bender says: "Fry, what's wrong?"
Fry says: "Think about it: Seymour lived a full life after I was gone."
Fry says: "He probably even added new songs to his repertoire."
Bender says: "But that's a good thing."
Bender says: "Walking On Sunshine sucks noodles!"
Fry says: "I had Seymour till he was three."
Fry says: "That's when I knew him and that's when I loved him."
Fry says: "I'll never forget him."
Fry says: "But he forgot me a long, long time ago."
He kisses Seymour and walks away.
[Flashback says: "January 2nd 2000."
Montage says: "January 2nd 2000."
[Flashback says: "The song "I Will Wait for You" from the film The Umbrellas of Cherbourg plays."
Montage says: "The song "I Will Wait for You" from the film The Umbrellas of Cherbourg plays."
[Flashback says: "Seymour sits outside Panucci's Pizza waiting for Fry to come back."
Montage says: "Seymour sits outside Panucci's Pizza waiting for Fry to come back."
[Flashback says: "It changes to summer, then autumn, a snowy and rainy winter and back to spring."
Montage says: "It changes to summer, then autumn, a snowy and rainy winter and back to spring."
[Flashback says: "Panucci gives Seymour a slice of pizza."
Montage says: "Panucci gives Seymour a slice of pizza."
[Flashback says: "The seasons change from autumn to winter again."
Montage says: "The seasons change from autumn to winter again."
[Flashback says: "Seymour starts to age a little."
Montage says: "Seymour starts to age a little."
[Flashback says: "The "U" from the "Panucci's Pizza" sign falls on a man."
Montage says: "The "U" from the "Panucci's Pizza" sign falls on a man."
[Flashback says: "An aged Panucci pats Seymour on the head."
Montage says: "An aged Panucci pats Seymour on the head."
[Flashback says: "Seymour continues to wait for Fry to return, and closes his eyes..."
Montage says: "Seymour continues to wait for Fry to return, and closes his eyes..."
Closing Credits.