After the standard opening cartoon is aired and the producer credits roll, the screen displays a caption reading "FREE BEER" with an arrow pointing down. The Futurama theme abruptly stops playing. The ship stops in front of the screen.
Bender says: "Free beer?!"
Bender says: "!"
[Scene says: "Inside the Planet Express ship."
[Scene says: "Bender seizes control of the ship from Leela."
[Scene says: "The Futurama theme resumes."
[Scene says: "He crashes the ship into the screen."
Bender says: "Free beer!"
Bender says: "Free beer!"
Bender says: "Free beer!"
Bender says: "Free beer!"
Bender says: "Free beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beer beeeer!"
Bender says: "Hello."
Bender says: "I'm here for the..."
Bender says: "free beer?"
iZac says: "You got it!"
iZac says: "Right after these eight-hundred people get!"
Bender says: "Beer?"
[Cut to says: "A stage."
[Cut to says: "The headless clone of Agnew holds up Nixon's head and places it on a podium."
[Cut to says: "Judge Whitey, Mrs."
[Cut to says: "Astor, the Queen of Yonkers and Mayor Poopenmeyer are sitting on chairs."
[Cut to says: "A sign reading "NIXON: KICK HIM AROUND FOR ANOTHER FOUR YEARS" is held up."
[Cut to says: "The crowd applauds."
<poem>Nixon says: "Thank you, headless clone of Agnew."
<poem>Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans!"
<poem>Nixon says: "I am proud to announce I'm for reelection as president of Earth."
<poem>Nixon says: "The greatest planet in the world!"
<poem>Nixon says: "Well, there's plenty more where that came from!"
The scene switches back to iZac, who is pouring beer. Beer stops spraying from the beer dispenser's handle.
iZac says: "We're all out o' beer!"
The camera pans down to the ground, revealing that the tube leading into the beer tank has been cut. Behind the tank, Bender is pouring the beer into his body using the other severed half of the tube. His body starts to bulge.
Nixon says: "Alright, listen up, nitwits."
Nixon says: "Who here is tired of illegal space aliens taking our good Earth jobs?"
Nixon says: "And furthermore, by golly, I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel!"
Fry says: "Yeah, that'll show those poor!"
Leela says: "Why are you cheering, Fry?"
Leela says: "You're not rich!"
Fry says: "True."
Fry says: "But someday I might be rich, and people like me better watch their step!"
Leela says: "Let's just find Bender."
Bender is still filling himself with beer, to the point that his body is now circular. He explodes, causing the crowd to get wet, and leaving his body mangled.
Bender says: "Ah..."
Bender says: "that hit the spot!"
Fry says: "I found Bender!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is looking out the window."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Zoidberg and Fry are sitting on the couch and watching television."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Leela are sitting at a table."
[Cut to says: "The sound of Hypnotoad is heard."
[Cut to says: "Bender enters through the door."
Bender says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Bender says: "I've repaired myself with these convenient "Re-Elect Nixon" ass stickers!"
Bender says: "Go Nixon!"
Leela says: "Bender, you can't even vote."
Leela says: "You're a convicted felon!"
Bender says: "Convicted, sentenced and executed!"
Bender says: "But Nixon passes a law that says ex-cons can vote again..."
Bender says: "as long as they vote for Nixon."
Leela says: "But Nixon's the worst president in history."
Leela says: "And alternate history!"
Leela says: "The rest of you aren't voting for him, are you?"
Fry says: "Sure, we are!"
Zoidberg says: "Why not?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course!"
Amy says: "Spluh!"
Zoidberg says: "He may not be perfect, but do we really want some unknown new guy?"
Zoidberg says: "I'll stick with the evil maniac I know, thank you."
Leela says: "Well, I think we can do better."
Leela says: "This year, I'm going to get involved in the political process and make my voice heard."
Farnsworth says: "What?"
[Scene says: "Exterior of a building in New New York."
[Scene says: "A banner reading "THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY WOMEN VOTERS PRESENTS DEBATE 3012" is hung up."
[Cut to says: "Inside the building."
[Cut to says: "Seven people are standing on a stage with their own respective podiums."
[Cut to says: "Morbo is seated on a desk."
[Cut to says: "Old Freebie, the Earthican flag, hangs on a wall."
Morbo says: "Welcome to debate 3012, the 3,012th debate of the 3012 election year."
Morbo says: "We have a crowded field of candidates, so I will dispense with the informal terrorising and begin the questions."
He puts on the glasses and holds up a card.
[Cut to says: "An audience."
[Cut to says: "Leela is sitting amongst them."
[Cut to says: "She leans toward the man sitting next to her."
<poem>Leela says: "Is this the political process?"
<poem>Leela says: "'Cause I'm here to get involved in it."
Morbo says: "Silence!"
Morbo says: "Question one."
Morbo says: "Will you pledge today to somehow reduce taxes while simultaneously lowering the deficit."
Candidate 1 says: "Hey, that's a good idea!"
Candidate 1 says: "Sure."
The camera pans over to each of the candidates.
Candidate 2 says: "If it'll win me the election, then yes."
Candidate 3 says: "We have a saying up in Alaska."
Candidate 3 says: "That's all."
The camera pans over to the fourth candidate, who is silent and thinking.
Morbo says: "Senator Travers?"
Travers says: "Look, let's be honest here."
Travers says: "No one likes taxes."
Travers says: "But they pay for our basic needs."
Travers says: "Roads, schools, defence."
Travers says: "If we hope to realise our aspirations as a great planet, we must each pay our fair share to achieve those noble goals."
[Cut to says: "The audience."
[Cut to says: "They all lean forward and boo, except for Leela, who stands up and claps slowly."
[Cut to says: "They quiet down, leaving Leela left standing and clapping alone."
[Cut to says: "She makes an angry face and sits down, crossing her arms."
Morbo says: "Thank you, Senator."
Morbo says: "A thoughtful and lucid answer."
Morbo says: "Question two: The environment."
Morbo says: "Yes or no?"
Candidate 1 says: "No."
Candidate 1 says: "It's junk science."
Candidate 2 says: "Two words: Condor attack."
Candidate 2 says: "Don't want that."
Candidate 2 says: "Got to say no."
Travers says: "Now, just a minute."
Travers says: "These are important issues."
Travers says: "We can't just reduce them to sound bites!"
<poem>Candidate 5 says: "Enviro-mite!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of a building which has a giant hot dog on it, at night."
[Scene says: "A sign reading "TRAVERS FOR PRESIDENT HEADQUARTERS: FORMERLY "ONE HOUR HOT DOG"" is hung up."
[Scene says: "Two posters reading "VOTE TRAVERS FOR PRESIDENT" are posted on the building's windows."
[Scene says: "Leela walks in."
[Cut to says: "Inside Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Cut to says: "It is completely dark."
[Cut to says: "A sign reading "TRAVERS FOR A LESS BAD TOMORROW" is posted up."
Leela says: "Hello?"
Leela says: "I'd like to volunteer."
Leela says: "Is anyone lurking?"
A man in the building starts striking posters of Senator Travers with a hammer.
Leela says: "Hey, stop that."
Leela says: "Senator Travers?"
Leela says: "That's no way to win an election."
Travers says: "I give up."
Travers says: "No one cares about my message."
Travers says: "I never should have used the same P."
Travers says: "R."
Travers says: "guy as One Hour Hot Dog!"
Travers' P.R. guy says: "People will wait for something good."
Leela says: "No, don't quit."
Leela says: "You have great ideas."
Leela says: "You just need to get them out there with social media."
Leela says: "Look, I posted your debate video on Facebag."
Travers says: "10,000 views?"
Travers says: "That's more than most water-skiing squirrels get."
Travers says: "You really think I have a chance?"
Leela says: "Absolutely."
Leela says: "We just need to conceal your intelligence and honesty in a hipper, dumber package."
Travers says: "Well, what have I got to lose?"
Travers says: "I'm making you my new campaign manager."
Travers says: "You, out!"
[Scene says: "A title card reading "ELECTION 3012: The Choosening" flashes."
Linda says: "Election 3012."
Linda says: "The choosening!"
[Cut to says: "A cornfield."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Travers are standing."
[Cut to says: "Leela is frustratedly pressing a button on her Wristlojackimator."
Linda says: "As the Iowa caucus approaches, the state's hippest citizens turned out for an old-fashioned flash mob."
[Cut to says: "Exterior of Gristly's Diner."
Morbo says: "Chris Travers got a bump in the new Hampshire polls today, where he simuldined in 250 diners at once via hologram."
[Cut to says: "Inside Gristly's Diner."
[Cut to says: "A waitress delivers a slice of pie to Travers, who is seen via hologram."
Travers says: "This pie at this diner is the best pie."
[Cut to says: "Hypnotoad in a room with a white background."
Linda says: "Chris Travers wins the South California primary handily, thanks to a series of well-placed cameo appearances."
[Cut to says: "A close-up of the front page of New New York Post, with the headline "PRIMARY RACE TOO CLOSE TO CALL"."
[Cut to says: "Four faces are on the newspaper, one of them being Travers'."
Morbo says: "Super Tuesday is in the books, with Eurasia, Australia and Kentucky turning out in big numbers."
[Scene says: "Exterior of Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Several people line up at its doors."
[Scene says: "A banner reading "THUNDERCRATS GLOBAL CONVENTION" is displayed at its entrance."
[Cut to says: "Inside Madison Cube Garden."
[Cut to says: "Calculon is standing on the stage with four people, one of them Travers."
[Cut to says: "Several signs displaying the names of nations are held by members of the crowd."
Calculon says: "And the first runner-up, who will take over if the nominee is caught with a dead girl, a live boy or any kind of sexy ghost..."
Calculon says: "Mr."
Calculon says: "Greenland!"
Leela says: "He won the nomination!"
Leela says: "We the people did it!"
Hermes says: "It wasn't "we the people"."
Hermes says: "It was you the mutant."
Hermes says: "Your insightful nagging really won us over."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "You explained his positions in a way even an idiot could understand."
Fry says: "And that appealed to me, for whatever reason."
Leela says: "Thanks, guys, but we have a lot of work ahead of us."
Leela says: "If we're going to win the election, we've all got to get involved."
The rest of the Planet Express crew, except Bender, react positively.
Fry says: "You said it!"
Amy says: "That's right."
[Cut to says: "The background suddenly changes into a darker one."
[Cut to says: "A painting is visible."
Bender says: "If you want my opinion, Nixon's only chance to defeat Travers is with filthy lies, dirty tricks and good old Quaker thuggery."
[Scene says: "Exterior of the White House."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Oval Office."
Nixon says: "I'm not sure if it's safe to talk."
Nixon says: "Are you wearing a wire?"
Bender says: "I'm 40% wire."
Nixon says: "Excellent."
Nixon says: "Now, listen."
Nixon says: "We got to get some dirt on this Travers guy."
Nixon says: "Really McGovern him up."
Nixon says: "You know who McGovern was, right?"
Nixon says: "I don't even know who you are."
[Scene says: "Exterior of Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Scene says: "The camera pans to the right, revealing an imprint of Bender's body on one of its walls."
[Cut to says: "Inside Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender is holding a flashlight with his mouth."
[Cut to says: "He discovers a file cabinet."
[Cut to says: "He pulls out the metal from his thumb, revealing a key."
[Cut to says: "He uses the key to unlock the cabinet."
Bender says: "Hello, dirt."
Travers says: "Hey, what's that rifling sound?"
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
[Scene says: "Exterior of a club named The Evening Nudes."
[Scene says: "The scene zooms out, revealing Bender at a nearby staircase."
[Scene says: "He unscrews one of his eyes and positions it facing the club."
[Scene says: "The camera view shifts to the perspective of Bender's unscrewed eyeball."
[Scene says: ""· REC" flashes on the upper right corner."
<poem>Bender says: "All right."
<poem>Bender says: "I'm going to catch Travers on video at this sleazy strip club."
[Scene says: "Exterior of the White House."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Oval Office."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Nixon are watching video footage on a television screen."
Bender says: "In and out of the club 13 times in one night."
Bender says: "That's a record."
Nixon says: "Where's Travers?"
Nixon says: "All I see is you going in and out."
Bender says: "Yeah, me."
Bender says: "I set the record."
Nixon says: "This is as useless as those pictures you photoshopped."
<poem>Bender says: "Look, just give me one more chance."
<poem>Bender says: "I got a source."
Nixon says: "Well, you did manage to get a tremendous urine sample."
Bender says: "Let's not talk about that!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of a parking lot named Park 'N' Snitch."
[Cut to says: "Inside Park 'N' Snitch."
[Cut to says: "Bender hides behind a concrete frame, moving until he sees a shadowed figure."
Bender says: "'Is that you, big throat?"
Big Throat says: "In the flesh."
The scene shifts closer to Big Throat, revealing that he is actually Hedonismbot. Bender walks up to him.
Bender says: "Listen, I need some dirt on Senator Chris Travers."
Hedonismbot says: "How quaint."
Hedonismbot says: "But I suppose I should do my part for political intercourse."
Hedonismbot says: "Come closer, and I'll expose what I know."
Hedonismbot says: "There's nothing."
Hedonismbot says: "He's as clean as a freshly waxed buttock."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Did you put your tongue in my ear?"
Hedonismbot says: "Certainly not."
Hedonismbot says: "I don't have a tongue."
Bender says: "Oh, good."
Bender says: "'Cause I don't have an ear."
[Scene says: "Inside the Oval Office."
[Scene says: "Nixon is looking out the window, watching a squirrel walking on an electric wire."
Nixon says: "Come on, come on, fall."
Nixon says: "Fall, damn it, fall!"
Nixon says: "Well?"
Nixon says: "What did you get on Travers?"
Nixon says: "Is he a draft dodger?"
Nixon says: "Sex offender?"
Nixon says: "Sex dodger?"
Bender says: "Nada."
Bender says: "He's clean."
Bender says: "I'm sorry, but there's not one unusual thing about Senator Chris Zaxxar Travers."
Nixon says: "Wait, wait."
Nixon says: "His middle name is Zaxxar?"
Nixon says: "Sounds kind of alien."
Nixon says: "The voters hate aliens."
Bender says: "They sure do, but this guy's as human as you or me."
Nixon says: "I don't care what he is."
Nixon says: "We'll start a rumour that he's an alien."
Bender says: "Hey, yeah."
Bender says: "That'll cost him votes!"
Nixon says: "Then, when he says he was born on this planet, we make him cough up his Earth certificate."
Nixon says: "Keep it on the news, put him on the defensive."
[Scene says: "An auditorium."
[Scene says: "Travers is talking to a crowd."
Travers says: "And that's how you end hunger."
Travers says: "Does anyone have any questions?"
Bender says: "I do, I do!"
Bender says: "Me, Bender!"
Travers says: "Yes, the robot with the megaphone jumping up and down."
Bender says: "I have a question for Senator C."
Bender says: "Zaxxar Travers."
Bender says: "Tell me, Zaxxar..."
Bender says: "Were you even born on earth?"
Ruth Bader Ginsburg says: "You Ruth Bader believe it!"
Travers says: "But–but..."
Travers says: "I..."
Travers says: "Of course I was born on Earth!"
Bender says: "Oh, really?"
Bender says: "Then we voters demand you release your Earth certificate so I can then claim it's a fake."
Travers says: "I'm not going to dignify this preposterous charge."
Travers says: "Are there any real questions?"
Scoop Chang says: "Scoop Chang, fox quote-unquote news."
Scoop Chang says: "Senator, in the last ten seconds, I've heard reports you weren't actually born on earth."
Scoop Chang says: "Care to evade these compelling charges?"
Travers says: "No."
Travers says: "I mean, yes."
Travers says: "I mean..."
[Scene says: "Exterior of Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Inside Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Travers walk together down a hallway."
Leela says: "Okay, let's nip this Earther movement in the bud by releasing your earth certificate."
Leela says: "Where were you born?"
Travers says: "Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Leela says: "Patriotism, good!"
Leela says: "Where is it?"
Travers says: "Kenya."
Leela says: "Cradle of humanity!"
Travers says: "Leela, this is just a stupid distraction from the issues."
Travers says: "Please don't look for my Earth certificate."
A brick is thrown through a window.
Travers says: "Hey!"
Travers says: "That was my favorite window."
Travers says: "I better see what they want."
[Cut to says: "Outside Travers' presidential headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender, holding a megaphone, leads a group of protesters in chanting."
Bender says: "We want an earthling, not a dirty space thing!"
the protestors says: "We want an earthling, not a dirty space thing!"
Leela says: "Why are you rednecks doing this?"
Travers says: "Leela, don't stereotype."
Travers says: "Why are you yokels doing this?"
Septic tank says: "I may be just a backwoods septic tank, but I've had it up to here with you foreigners."
Travers says: "But I come from Earth."
Hattie says: "Then show us yer Earth whatchacallit!"
Hattie says: "Long-form certificate of live birth!"
Travers says: "What would it take to convince you people?"
Travers says: "Would I have to have been born right before your eyes?"
Sal says: "It wouldn't hurts."
Bender says: "Hit it, rubes!"
Bender says: "We don't want a foreigner!"
the protestors says: "We don't want a foreigner!"
Bender says: "We want someone born here!"
the protestors says: "We want someone born here!"
The scene zooms out from a television inside the Planet Express conference room.
[Scene says: "Inside the Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes and Fry watch Bender's protest on TV."
Bender says: "Ah, I'm still working on that one."
Leela angrily pins Bender to the wall.
Leela says: "What's wrong with you?"
Leela says: "Why are you sabotaging a decent, honest candidate?"
Bender says: "'Cause they won't let me near the Hoover Dam anymore!"
Leela says: "What a bunch of xenophobes."
Leela says: "It's time to find Senator Travers' earth certificate and put an end to this nonsense."
Leela says: "Who wants to help me break into the hospital in Kenya?"
Fry says: "I'll come."
Fry says: "As long as there's no xenophobes there."
Bender says: "I want to come, too."
Leela says: "You?"
Leela says: "Why?"
Bender says: "To prove that I can put divisive partisan politics aside to participate in a break-in."
[Scene says: "A Kenyan jungle."
[Scene says: "A caption reading "KENYA" appears on the bottom of the screen."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship hovers above the trees before landing on the ground."
[Scene says: "Leela slashes some bushes blocking their path, with Bender and Fry following."
[Scene says: "She slashes one more bush and stops."
Bender says: "Hospital ho!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
[Scene says: "Bender bends a giraffe's neck and releases."
[Scene says: "The neck springs up and breaks a window."
[Scene says: "They climb up the window using the neck."
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender and Fry look through some file cabinets."
[Cut to says: "Leela throws a folder to the floor."
[Cut to says: "Suddenly, the sound of animals crossing is heard."
Leela says: "Shh!"
Leela says: "It's a herd of night watchmen."
Leela, Bender and Fry hide. The silhouettes of crossing warthogs are seen through the door's window. The noise clears, and Leela quickly continues to search through a file cabinet.
Leela says: "I don't understand."
Leela says: "There's no earth certificate in here."
Travers says: "No, there isn't."
Travers says: "I told you not to look."
Fry says: "So, you're not from Earth after all."
Travers says: "Of course I'm from earth."
Leela says: "Wait a second."
Leela says: "There's no Earth certificate, but it does say your mother was admitted to the maternity ward..."
Leela says: "this morning!"
Travers says: "I should have known the truth would come out sooner or later."
Travers says: "The fact is, I really was born on earth..."
Travers says: "tomorrow."
Travers says: "You see, I'm not from another planet."
Travers says: "I'm from the future."
Fry says: "You're from the future?"
Bender gasps, sucking Leela's hair into his mouth. He gags while Leela tries to pull her hair out.
[Scene says: "Exterior of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
[Scene says: ""ZEBRA ENTЯANCE" is crudely written on a sign taped to the building's wall."
[Scene says: "To the right of the sign, a lion briefly peeps out before walking back."
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Leela says: "This is crazy!"
Leela says: "You're from the future?"
Travers says: "Yes."
Travers says: "I was sent back from the year 3028 to prevent Nixon from getting elected."
Fry says: "I was sent forward from the year 2000, but you don't hear me gassing on about it."
Leela says: "But why would it be so important to stop Nixon?"
Travers says: "Because of the horrific events he's going to set in motion."
Travers says: "Oh, God."
Travers says: "I can't bring myself to describe it!"
Fry says: "Oh, well."
Fry says: "Want to hear about how I got frozen?"
Travers says: "Not really."
[Flashback says: "A fence is being constructed."
[Flashback says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that it is just one part of a massive fence surrounding the solar system."
Travers says: "It all started with Nixon's promise to build an alien-proof fence around the solar system."
Travers says: "Without cheap alien labour for menial jobs like harvesting crops, teaching math and curing disease, the economy collapsed."
[Cut to says: "A field."
[Cut to says: "Alien farmers suddenly disappear."
[Cut to says: "A lecture room."
[Cut to says: "An alien teaching math suddenly disappears."
[Cut to says: "A hospital room."
[Cut to says: "An alien doctor giving a shot to a boy suddenly disappears."
[Cut to says: "The boy slowly opens one of his eyes."
[Cut to says: "A street."
[Cut to says: "A man jumps on a police car."
[Cut to says: "Multiple police cars hover; one is on fire mid-air."
[Cut to says: "Protestors hold signs facing police officers with riot shields."
Travers says: "Starvation."
Travers says: "Desperation."
Travers says: "Despair."
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Bender says: "So far, so good."
Bender says: "Then what?"
Travers says: "Unable to feed the world's starving masses, Nixon took bold action."
[Cut to says: "An auditorium."
[Cut to says: "Nixon speaks to a crowd."
Nixon says: "In this time of crisis, I call upon the soylent major–I mean, silent majority."
The crowd cheers. Suddenly, the floor opens up beneath them. They scream and land into a giant meat blender. The camera pans down, revealing an assembly line producing cans of Soylent Majority.
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Bender says: "Still good."
[Cut to says: "A street."
[Cut to says: "Three robots sweep up dust."
Travers says: "With the working class gone, robots were forced to do all the menial labor."
The three robots are suddenly swept up by a giant robot sweeping with a giant broom.
Travers says: "Before long, they rose up in revolt."
Travers says: "Led by a bending unit named B."
Travers says: "B."
Travers says: "Rodriguez."
[Cut to says: "A government building."
[Cut to says: "Several humans run away."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans to the right, revealing the destroyed remains of other buildings."
[Cut to says: "Multiple Killbots fire their guns."
[Cut to says: "Destructor fires a flamethrower at the government building, melting it."
[Cut to says: "Bender emerges behind Destructor's head, dressed in Napoleon-like attire and wielding a sword."
[Cut to says: "He starts laughing maniacally."
[Cut to says: "The robots march on."
Bender says: "Wait..."
Bender says: "I know a robot named B."
Bender says: "B."
Bender says: "Rodriguez!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Bender says: "Wait..."
Bender says: "I am a robot named B."
Bender says: "B."
Bender says: "Rodriguez!"
Bender says: "So, I become ruler of earth?"
Travers says: "Indeed."
Bender says: "In your face, high school guidance counselor!"
[Cut to says: "The destroyed remains of a city."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans down, revealing a civilization of humans living underground."
Travers says: "The robots crushed our most treasured monuments and celebrities, but they couldn't crush the human spirit."
Travers says: "We went into hiding, and after careful research, located a xeroxed copy of an ancient time travel code."
Travers says: "Though I was only 15, mankind entrusted me with its last remaining suit and tie and sent me back in time."
A young Chris Travers walks up, and a man gives him a suit and tie. He salutes the man.
Travers says: "I would be raised by my grandparents, somehow get into Harvard law school, become a community organizer, a senator and finally..."
Travers says: "defeat Richard Nixon."
Young Travers faces a time sphere. He closes his suitcase, straightens his suit and tie and waves goodbye to the remaining humans. He then jumps into the time sphere.</poem>.
Travers says: "I escaped just as the robots arrived."
Bender, wearing sunglasses and wielding a ray gun, breaks through a brick wall.
Future Bender says: "All right, I'm low on bullets."
Future Bender says: "Everybody scooch together."
[Cut to says: "Inside the hospital records room of Our Lady of Patriotism Hospital."
Leela says: "It's not too late."
Leela says: "You can still win the election."
Travers says: "No, I can't."
Travers says: "The Earthers are right."
Travers says: "I have no earth certificate."
Leela says: "But you will have one in just a few hours."
Leela says: "And everyone will know it's real, cause we'll broadcast your birth on live TV!"
Fry says: "If it's on TV, it has to be real!"
[Scene says: "A TV broadcasts footage of a bowling game."
[Scene says: "Suddenly, the scene freezes."
Morbo says: "Morbo interrupts Bowling for Quatloos to present breaking coverage of the birth of Senator Chris Travers."
The TV switches to the title sequence for a √2 News special report entitled "A FRONTRUNNER EMERGES".</poem>.
[Cut to says: "Linda, in front of her regular news background."
Linda says: "We now go live to the delivery room, where we're already at there."
The camera zooms out to reveal that Linda and Morbo are inside the hospital delivery room, giving their report. Chris Travers' mother groans. He holds her hand. A camerawoman walks up to Travers' mother, but accidentally bumps into her.
Travers' mother says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Back, please!"
Leela says: "She needs room."
Travers' mother says: "Thanks."
Leela says: "Not you."
Leela says: "The camerawoman needs room!"
Linda says: "This is it, ladies and gentlemen."
Linda says: "The candidate is..."
Linda says: "I believe he's crowning!"
[Cut to says: "Times Square."
[Cut to says: "Several people watch the birthing scene unfold on a television mounted on a building."
Travers says: "Push, Mom, push."
Travers says: "You can do it."
Petunia says: "I bet nothing comes out."
Petunia says: "Just you watch."
Linda says: "Here comes the head."
Linda says: "And now the neck!"
[Cut to says: "The delivery room."
[Cut to says: "Morbo is crouched down at the delivery scene next to a doctor, reporting."
Morbo says: "Linda, I'm down here at the pelvis, and folks round these parts can't remember the last time a time-traveling senator attended his own birth."
Morbo says: "Back to you."
Linda says: "Thanks, Morbo."
Linda says: "You be careful down there."
The sound of a crying baby is heard. A doctor holds Chris Travers, who is still attached to his umbilical cord, up.
Linda says: "And the candidate is born!"
Linda says: "We have a birth..."
Linda says: "repeat, we have a birth!"
The doctor gives the infant Chris Travers to the adult Chris Travers. Adult Travers rocks his infant form.
[Cut to says: "Times Square."
Hoschel says: "Aw..."
Hoschel says: "he's got his own eyes."
Petunia says: "Well, who'd have thunk it."
Petunia says: "He was born all right, just like he said."
[Cut to says: "A desk."
[Cut to says: "Chris Travers' Earth certificate is stamped, leaving an imprint of Earth."
[Scene says: "Outside New New York Historical Society."
[Scene says: "A large banner reading "TRAVERS FOR PRESIDENT" is hoisted."
[Scene says: "Inside New New York Historical Society."
[Scene says: "Several of Travers' supporters are inside the building."
[Scene says: "Morbo and Linda appear on TV."
Morbo says: "And with the polls now closed in every time zone worldwide, from Tomorrowland to the Republic of Yesterday, we are able to declare a winner."
Morbo says: "Chris Travers, who leapt backwards in time and ahead in the polls, has defeated Richard Nixon."
The crowd applauds. Balloons and confetti rain down.
Leela says: "He did it!"
Leela says: "He did it!"
Senator Ravers says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "Congratulations, Mr."
Leela says: "President."
Chris Travers says: "It's all thanks to you, Leela."
Chris Travers says: "You stood by me and exposed my private medical records, even after I begged you not to."
Leela says: "Aw, thanks."
Leela says: "Now, get up to that podium and change the world."
Travers walks up to the podium.
Amy says: "Too bad your pal Nixon lost, Bender."
Amy says: "You must be pretty glorked off."
Bender says: "Nope."
Bender says: "I don't give a bag of butts who won the election."
Bender says: "Nothing's going to change."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "How can you say that?"
Bender says: "Watch and learn."
Chris Travers says: "My fellow Earthicans, I am honored and humbled to stand before you tonight as your next president."
Chris Travers says: "Together, we will–  Hey, what's-what's going on?"
Chris Travers says: "What's happening?"
Bender says: "You see, since Nixon wasn't elected, the robot uprising didn't happen and Travers never got sent back from the future."
Bender says: "It's Politics 101!"
Travers screams as he fades away. His face and name disappear from his campaign posters as he disappears. The scene distorts and returns to normal. Morbo appears on the screen.</poem>.
Morbo says: "And the votes are in."
Morbo says: "Richard Nixon, running unopposed, has been reelected by a narrow landslide."
Hermes says: "Say what?"
On the screen, live television coverage of Nixon speaking is being broadcasted.
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans, I am honored and humbled to gloat before you tonight as your next president."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "The shift in locations has happened subtly."
Fry says: "Wow, it really doesn't matter who you vote for."
Leela says: "At least we tried to make a difference by supporting Senator..."
Leela says: "Senator..."
Leela says: "What was his name again?"
Fry says: "I don't remember!"
Hermes says: "We never even left this building."
The scene zooms out to show that the rest of the Planet Express crew are sitting on their chairs at the conference room.
Farnsworth says: "What?!"
Farnsworth says: "!"
Nixon continues to talk as the Planet Express crew watch his speech.
Nixon says: "Nixon always wins!"
Nixon says: "A-woo!"
Closing credits.