[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Love It Or Shove It."
[Scene says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn Corridor."
[Scene says: "A man attaches a "5" to a sign reading "Planet Express tockholders Meeting" so the third word reads "5tockholders"."
Man says: "Yes!"
Man says: "Good thing I noticed the similar shapes."
[Cut to says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn: Ballroom A."
[Cut to says: "Hermes hosts the meeting of stockholders."
[Cut to says: "Present are the Planet Express staff and Hattie."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Hermes, Leela, Bender and Hattie sit in the front row on the right with Fry and Zoidberg a few rows back and Scruffy sits with his feet up on the left."
Hermes says: "Planet Express stockholders, I present our chief executive officer, Professor Hubert Farnsworth."
The curtain opens and he pushes Farnsworth forward.
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
The stockholders cheer.
Amy says: "There he is!"
Hattie says: "Take it off!"
Farnsworth says: "Where am I?"
Hermes says: "Move forward."
Hermes says: "Walk into the light."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, God, I'm dead!"
Farnsworth says: "Well, no matter."
Farnsworth says: "Thank you all for coming."
Farnsworth says: "I don't recognise any of you, nor can I recall why I am here."
Farnsworth says: "Now, without further ado, a film highlighting Planet Express Inc."
Farnsworth says: "'s latest fiscal year."
The stockholders applaud and a film comes on showing the Planet Express ship flying over water with a sunset behind.
Narrator says: "It was a year of soaring profits and significant one-time losses."
The ship takes off from Amazonia and immediately crashes.
Fry says: "Psst!"
Fry says: "Watching myself work is making me hungry."
Fry says: "Help me find some food somewhere."
Zoidberg says: "I'll not only help you find it, I'll help you do more to it!"
[Scene says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry and Zoidberg walk out of Ballroom A and Fry sees a sign outside Ballroom B."
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "A Bot Mitzvah."
Fry says: "Shalom, hunger!"
Fry says: "Shalom, free food!"
He walks in and Zoidberg follows. A robot blocks Zoidberg's path.
Robot #1 says: "No shellfish!"
He slams the door.
Zoidberg says: "That is so unfair!"
Pig says: "Tell me about it."
[Cut to says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn: Ballroom B."
[Cut to says: "The Jewbots dance and Fry gets some food from the buffet."
Fry says: "So what's the deal?"
Fry says: "You guys don't believe in Robot Jesus?"
Rabbi-bot says: "We believe he was built and that he was a very well programmed robot."
Rabbi-bot says: "But he wasn't our Messiah."
[Cut to says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn: Ballroom A."
[Cut to says: "The film continues."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship soars into space with fireworks trailing behind it."
Narrator says: "And so our company flames onwards."
Narrator says: "Planet Express: Limitless potential, boundless horizons, the unstoppable juggernaut of the corporate universe."
The Planet Express ship passes through a ring and forms the company logo. The film ends.
Hermes says: "It's been a terrible year, people."
Hermes says: "The company is on the verge of bankruptcy."
The stockholders gasp.
Hermes says: "Was a substantial loss for the company."
Hermes says: "The blue slice represents the money we earned from shipping packages, while the green slice represents an $8 bank error in our favour."
Leela says: "This toads the wet sprocket."
Leela says: "What about out thousands of shares of stock?"
Hermes says: "Worthless."
The stockholders gasp.
Bender says: "I'll kill you!"
Hattie says: "I own one share of Planet kajiggers so I'm entitled to some answers."
Hattie says: "Question 1: Why does no one visit me in my home?"
Farnsworth says: "'Cause your apartment smells like Polygrip and cat pee."
[Scene says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry sees a sign outside Ballroom C for a cryogenic support group."
[Scene says: "He gasps."
Fry says: "This is perfect for me."
He indicates the "free food" sign underneath and goes in. A man mark something on a clipboard. Zoidberg follows.
Zoidberg says: "Question: Do you have to have been cryogenically frozen to get the free--  You didn't let me finish."
Zoidberg says: "I was going to say "to get the free food"."
[Cut to says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn: Ballroom C."
[Cut to says: "Fry gets food from the buffet while the support group discusses things."
Joe says: "My name's Joe and I'm a defrostee."
All says: "Hello, Joe."
Joe says: "When I was frozen, giant carrots ruled the Earth, but now they don't."
Joe says: "It takes some getting used to."
He sits down and the group applauds. Fry has sat down with a plate of food. Another man stands up.
Steve Castle says: "Back in the 1980's, I was the toast of Wall Street."
Steve Castle says: "I was having whiskey with Boesky and cookies with Milken."
Steve Castle says: "But then, I was diagnosed with terminal boneitis."
Fry says: "Boneitis?"
Fry says: "Pft!"
Fry says: "That's a funny name for a horrible disease."
Steve Castle says: "There was no cure at the time."
Steve Castle says: "One drug company was close but I arranged a hostile takeover and sold off all the assets."
Steve Castle says: "Made a cool hundred mil."
Steve Castle says: "Naturally I froze myself until a cure was found."
Steve Castle says: "Now here I am, ready to sleaze my way back to the top, 80's style!"
He sits down next to Fry.
Caveman says: "As a caveman frozen in a glacier, I face different challenges."
Caveman says: "The hardest thing was seeing my wife on display in the British Museum."
The group murmurs.
Fry says: "Hey, buddy, I'm from the same time as you."
Fry says: "Remember that song, Safety Dance?"
Steve Castle says: "Sure do!"
Steve Castle says: "We can dance!"
He hums Safety Dance and they both laugh.
Fry says: "Y'know, that dance wasn't as safe as they said it was."
Steve Castle says: "I tell you: Two go-go 80's Reagan-auts like us, we could rule this world!"
Fry says: "No question!"
Steve Castle says: "If only someone would give us a shot."
Fry says: "They're scared of our raw power."
Fry says: "Oh, but if you want a job, I could beg everyone at the company where I work."
Steve Castle says: "Awesome."
Steve Castle says: "Awesome to the max!"
[Scene says: "Lodgatorium Comfort Dome Inn: Ballroom A."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry and Steve Castle."
Hermes says: "And finally, the post office meter is for business mail only."
Bender says: "Aw, come on!"
Bender says: "I've got a lot of ransom notes to send!"
Hattie says: "Enough talk."
Hattie says: "It's time for action."
Hattie says: "I move that everyone come to my apartment to snuggle my cat."
Scruffy says: "Second."
Farnsworth says: "I move that your cat stinks and is ugly."
Scruffy says: "Second."
Hattie says: "I move that we vote on a new chief executive officer and oust this old creep."
Hattie says: "And also that make cat smells good and is pretty."
Scruffy says: "Second."
Hermes says: "Very well."
Hermes says: "I nominate the Professor."
Amy says: "Second."
Leela says: "Second."
Bender says: "Second."
Farnsworth says: "I'm your man."
Leela says: "I vote my 10,000 shares for the Professor."
Hermes says: "Yeah, the Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Me!"
Hermes writes 50,000 on a chart for Farnsworth.
Fry says: "I nominate That Guy."
Fry says: "Not just because he has a suit but because he knows about business and stuff and he has a tie."
Fry says: "My shares still count if they went through the washing machine, right?"
Hermes starts a new chart for That Guy next to Farnsworth's and write 10,000 under his name.
Scruffy says: "Now hold on there."
Scruffy says: "Scruffy votes his 40,000 shares for the mysterious stranger."
Leela says: "40,000?"
Leela says: "How come you have four-times as much stock as the rest of us?"
Scruffy says: "Scruffy believes in this company."
He sniffs and wipes away a tear. Hermes changes That Guy's total to 50,000.
Hermes says: "Then we have a tie."
Hattie says: "I demand the floor."
Hattie says: "I may only have one share but I get to vote same as anyone."
Hattie says: "And I'm voting against the cat-hater."
Hattie says: "Hey!"
Hattie says: "You ate my change!"
She shakes the cat and the money inside it jingles. Hermes changes That Guy's total to 50,001.
Hermes says: "Then it's settled."
Hermes says: "The new chief executive officer of Planet Express corporation is That Guy."
Steve Castle hums Safety Dance.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Hermes says: "Please welcome our new chief executive officer, That Guy."
Fry applauds and hoots. The rest of the crew glare at him.
Steve Castle says: "Let's cut to the chase."
Steve Castle says: "There are two kinds of people: Sheep and sharks."
Steve Castle says: "Anyone who's a sheep is fired."
Steve Castle says: "Who's a sheep?"
Zoidberg says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Zoidberg says: "Which is the one people like to hug?"
Steve Castle says: "Gutsy question."
Steve Castle says: "You're a shark."
Steve Castle says: "Sharks are winners and they don't look back 'cause they don't have necks."
Steve Castle says: "Necks are for sheep."
Steve Castle says: "I am proud to be the shepherd of this herd of sharks and I am gonna lead you to the top in this industry of..."
Fry says: "Package delivery."
Steve Castle says: "Package delivery?"
Steve Castle says: "Oh, God!"
Steve Castle says: "Fantastic!"
Steve Castle says: "Now, the first order of business is to blame everything on the guy before me."
Steve Castle says: "Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "I'll ruin you like I ruined this company."
Steve Castle says: "Terrific."
Steve Castle says: "Question number one: What was your overall business plan?"
Farnsworth says: "Um, business plan, uh, yes."
Farnsworth says: "I keep it here, right next to my heart."
He opens a drawer and pulls out a file next to a jar with a heart in it. He hands the file to Steve Castle.
Steve Castle says: "This isn't a business plan, it's an escape plan."
Farnsworth says: "So long, suckers!"
He climbs down a ladder and runs across the hangar floor laughing madly.
Steve Castle says: "Fry, as a fellow 80's dollar-jockey, I'm making you my new vice chairman."
Fry cheers.
Fry says: "I'm rollin' up the corporate ramp."
Bender groans.
Zoidberg says: "It's the end of the line!"
Hermes says: "We're ruined!"
Scruffy says: "What fevered dream is this that bids to tear this company in twain?"
He leans back and reads National Pornographic.
[Scene says: "Outside Giorgio Armonster."
[Scene says: "Exit Fry and Steve Castle from the shop, sporting designer suits."
[Scene says: "The monster waves them off."
Monster says: "Thank you, come again!"
Steve Castle says: "That's what I call a hostile makeover!"
Steve Castle says: "Hair gel?"
Fry says: "No, thanks."
Fry says: "I make my own."
He slicks his hair back.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship passes 2nd Avenue, 3rd Avenue and Pi-th Avenue and stops at a transport tube-crossing."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender and Fry sit at their stations and Zoidberg, Amy and Hermes sit on the couch."
[Cut to says: "Steve Castle stands at the front."
[Cut to says: "There are Venetian blinds on the windows."
Steve Castle says: "This company's gonna shoot straight to the top and stay there, like Cindy Lauper!"
Steve Castle says: "I ask you: Who is the number one delivery service on Earth?"
Zoidberg says: "Is it Planet Express, master?"
Steve Castle laughs.
Steve Castle says: "Is this guy a shark, or what?"
Steve Castle says: "Seriously though, we stink out loud."
Steve Castle says: "Here's the big enchirito."
Steve Castle says: "Mom's Friendly Delivery Company."
Hermes says: "We can't compete with Mom!"
Hermes says: "Her company is big and evil."
Hermes says: "Ours is small and neutral."
Steve Castle says: "Switzerland is small and neutral."
Steve Castle says: "We're more like Germany; ambitious and misunderstood."
Amy says: "Look, everyone wants to be like Germany but do we really have the pure strength of will?"
Steve Castle says: "I say we do!"
Steve Castle says: "Now are we gonna let ourselves get beaten by an old lady?"
Zoidberg bows.
Zoidberg says: "Yes, my liege!"
Fry says: "No, we're not."
Fry says: "And as vice chairman, I believe I speak for the entire board when I issue this challenge to Mom."
Fry says: "Look at my butt!"
He presses it up against the window and hoots.
[Cut to says: "Mom's Office."
[Cut to says: "Mom, Walt, Larry and Igner look out the window."
Mom says: "You call that a pressed ham?"
Mom says: "Walt, hit the retaliate button."
Walt looks at a control panel.
Walt says: "Uh..."
Walt says: "um..."
Walt says: "hmm..."
Walt says: "let's see."
Mom says: "Any button!"
Mom says: "They all retaliate!"
Walt presses a random button.
[Cut to says: "Outside Mom's Building."
[Cut to says: "The bottle on the sign turns towards the ship and fires lasers at it."
[Cut to says: "The crew scream from inside and the ship flies away."
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Fry and Steve Castle sit in the VIP section with Zapp, Calculon, Morbo and Jackie Anderson watching the big ape fight."
[Scene says: "The apes fight and scream."
[Scene says: "Fry hoots."
Fry says: "Woo!"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "Hit him, hit him, hit him!"
Fry says: "Now this is the high life; watching apes mangle each other near celebrities."
Steve Castle says: "In my day we went to coke parties but the principle's the same."
An ape screams and throws a trike at Calculon.
Calculon says: "Get your stinkin' trike off me, you damn dirty ape."
Steve Castle says: "Listen, big guy, now that you're my protégé, it's time I cut you in on the secret to success."
Steve Castle says: "Any guesses?"
Fry says: "Uh, work really, really hard?"
Steve Castle says: "No."
Fry says: "Oh, thank God!"
Steve Castle says: "It's all about appearances."
Steve Castle says: "That's why it's time to update our company's stodgy image and give it the sleek, dazzling veneer of the 1980's!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry and Steve Castle fly in on rocket-powered chairs."
[Scene says: "The rest of the staff are asleep at the table."
[Scene says: "Fry claps and they wake up."
Fry says: "This company's on the fast track to the "It" list."
Fry says: "Blast back kudos all around!"
Leela says: "Uh, hello?"
Leela says: "We haven't made one delivery since you two took over."
Steve Castle says: "Delivery has nothing to do with the delivery business."
Steve Castle says: "Image, people, image!"
Steve Castle says: "Scope out this new ad!"
He presses a button on the remote and an advert spoofing Apple's 1984 ad comes on the big screen. A woman runs into a building with a Planet Express package. Mom is on a huge screen.
Mom says: "We shall prevail!"
The package hits the screen and it explodes. A man in the audience stands up.
Man says: "Hey!"
Man says: "We were watching that!"
The scene freezes and a "PlanEx" logo appears on the screen à la the FedEx logo.
Leela says: "That was terrible!"
Leela says: "People won't even know what we do."
Bender says: "I don't even know what we do."
Bender says: "Nah, just kidding!"
Bender says: "What are, like, a bus or something?"
Leela says: "Did you approve that awful ad, Fry?"
Fry says: "Yes I did, Leels."
Fry says: "And I'll tell you why."
Fry says: "Because it grows the brand."
Steve Castle pats his shoulder.
Leela says: "Oh, Lord!"
Zoidberg growls.
Zoidberg says: "This company's circling the drain, I tell you."
Zoidberg says: "I'd sell my stock right now for a sandwich!"
Steve Castle says: "Sold!"
He takes a sandwich out of a Miami Vice lunchbox and hands it to Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "A complete sangwich?"
Zoidberg says: "You got fleeced!"
Zoidberg says: "I would have settled for a hard roll with ketchup inside!"
[Scene says: "Mom's Office."
[Scene says: "She runs on a running machine while looking at Mentor magazine and Protégé magazine."
[Scene says: "Steve Castle and Fry are on each cover."
Mom says: "What is this moose drip?"
Mom says: "I'm sick of hearing about those turtle squirts!"
Igner says: "But they're kings, Mommy!"
Mom says: "Jam a bastard in it, you crap!"
She slaps them.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine: Private Dining Room."
[Scene says: "Steve Castle and Fry are seated in a small room."
Elzar says: "Enjoy our private dining room, folks."
Elzar says: "This is where we serve our richest, most successful chumps!"
Fry says: "Tonight, that's us!"
Steve Castle says: "What have you got that's really overpriced?"
Elzar says: "Everything."
Steve Castle says: "Bring me that."
Fry says: "Make it two."
Fry says: "And a glass of all your water."
Elzar leaves and Steve Castle takes out some cards from his jacket.
Steve Castle says: "OK, let's work on your execu-speak."
Steve Castle says: "I'm worried about "blank"."
Fry says: "Don't you worry about "blank"."
Fry says: "Let me worry about "blank"."
Steve Castle says: "Good."
Steve Castle says: "I also would have accepted, "Blank?"
Steve Castle says: "Blank?"
Steve Castle says: "You're not looking at the big picture!"
Mom coughs from behind Fry and he and Steve Castle look up.
Fry says: "What a pleasant surprise!"
Mom says: "Shut up, booger blaster!"
Mom says: "It's time the three of us had a talk."
Steve Castle says: "I'll handle this, Fry."
Steve Castle says: "You get back to the farm, shift some paradigms, revolutionise outside the box."
Fry says: "I'm on it."
Fry says: "But if you need me, you know where I'll be."
He walks through a door to the wine cellar and falls down the steps.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Fry's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry irons his tie."
Fry says: "Call me a "booger blaster"!"
Enter Leela, Bender, Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy, Scruffy and Farnsworth.
Leela says: "Fry, we're worried about Planet Express."
Fry says: "Don't you worry about Planet Express."
Fry says: "Let me worry about "blank"."
Hermes says: "That Guy is nothing but a flashy con man!"
Hermes says: "And you've been hypnotised by his swinging baloney!"
Leela says: "You've changed, Fry."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "I haven't changed."
Fry says: "Suz?"
Fry says: "Have I changed?"
Suz says: "No, sir, Mr."
Suz says: "Fry."
Fry says: "Thanks, doll."
Leela says: "I don't care what Ms."
Leela says: "Johnson says."
Leela says: "That Guy's turning this place into some kind of business."
Farnsworth says: "This isn't a business."
Farnsworth says: "I've always thought of it more as a source of cheap labour, like a family."
Fry says: "You're right, Professor."
Fry says: "We might not be a traditional family like the Murphy's next door or the lesbian coven across the street."
Fry says: "But we are a family and That Guy understands that."
He points to a photo of Steve Castle on the wall. A screen next to the photo comes on and Steve Castle is in the same pose as on the photo.
Steve Castle says: "Everyone's fired and we're out of business."
Everyone gasps.
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Hermes says: "How?"
Steve Castle says: "I'm gonna sell Planet Express to Mom so she can gut the company and eliminate us as competitors."
Mom says: "Don't let the door hit you on the way out, 'cause I don't want ass prints on my new door!"
The screen cuts out and the staff glare at Fry. He presses the "launch" button on his chair and it takes off, struggles, and crashes down. Fry presses the intercom.
Fry says: "Uh, Ms."
Fry says: "Johnson?"
Fry says: "Please bring in some more chair fuel."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Everyone clears out their lockers."
Fry says: "I had no idea the company would be sold."
Fry says: "I was just an innocent suck-up."
Fry says: "You've gotta believe me!"
Leela slams her door shut.
Leela says: "Just leave us alone and let us clear out our lockers."
Bender says: "Yeah!"
He slams Hermes' door shut and chuckles. Amy clears out her locker and puts her stuff in a box a man is holding for her.
Amy says: "It's so sad, where will I go?"
Amy says: "What will I do?"
Lackey says: "You have Mrs."
Lackey says: "Darlinghaven's cotillion at 7, ma'am."
Amy says: "Oh."
Amy says: "That'll be fun."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Fry's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry sighs and presses the intercom button."
Fry says: "Ms."
Fry says: "Johnson, you've never lied to me."
Fry says: "Am I still a good person?"
Suz says: "I don't know, sir."
Suz says: "I'm a program built into the intercom."
Fry says: "I've got to redeem myself."
Fry says: "Somehow, sometime, for some reason."
Fry says: "I'll block this takeover!"
Suz says: "Mr."
Suz says: "Fry, your two o'clock magician is here."
Fry says: "Believe it or not, I have more important things to do today than laugh and clap my hands."
Fry says: "Reschedule."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards the Intergalactic Stock Exchange and the huge Momcorp ship follows."
[Cut to says: "Intergalactic Stock Exchange Trading Floor."
[Cut to says: "Robots buy and sell stock."
Broker-bot #1 says: "Sell 100 soylent beans!"
Broker-bot #2 says: "Buy 3,000 cornbellies!"
Broker-bot #3 says: "200 canned whoop-ass!"
Broker-bot #1 says: "Three big bags of trash!"
Everything goes silent and a large holographic head appears in the middle of the room.
Jor-El says: "Attention, please."
Jor-El says: "The takeover of PlanEx Corp."
Jor-El says: "by Mom's Delivery Company will take place in the business centre in 10 minutes."
Jor-El says: "I am Jor-El, master of scheduling!"
[Scene says: "Intergalactic Stock Exchange Business Centre."
[Scene says: "Hundreds of people fill the room."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express employees sit angrily next to Mom's sons."
Steve Castle says: "OK."
Steve Castle says: "We've got the hot tub hot, the wine cooler's cool."
Steve Castle says: "It's Hammer time!"
The Planet Express employees "boo" him.
Bender says: "You suck!"
Mom takes the stand.
Mom says: "According to regulations, both companies must approve the takeover."
Mom says: "Planet Express shareholders, cast your votes."
Hermes says: "Great Bonda of Uganda!"
Hermes says: "We can vote against it!"
Everyone cheers.
Bender says: "I'll vote it down like a raise for school teachers!"
They all vote "No" and a chart appears behind Steve Castle and Mom. 49% have voted for "No". Steve Castle votes "Yes" and the chart changes to 51% for "Yes". The others gasp.
Bender says: "What the--?"
Hattie says: "How the--?"
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Steve Castle says: "I neglected to mention that the shares I bought from Dr."
Steve Castle says: "Zoidberg gave me majority control."
Leela says: "Zoidberg owned 51% of the company?"
Hermes says: "The shares were worthless and he kept asking for toilet paper."
Mom says: "And now if Momcorp shareholders will cast their ballots."
She selects "Yes" and the Momcorp vote goes up to 99.7% "Yes". Walt votes "Yes" and it changes to 99.8%. Larry votes and it changes to 99.9%. Igner has a little trouble.
Igner says: "Um..."
Igner says: "uh..."
Igner says: "Uh, the ballot was confusing."
Mom says: "How about a hand recount?"
Igner says: "OK."
Igner says: "Ow!"
Mom says: "The takeover of Planet Express is approved."
The Planet Express crew "boos".
Amy says: "This stinks!"
Lackey says: "Madam is outraged."
Steve Castle says: "Security, I want that bunch of rowdies outta here."
The security-bots lift the staff out of their seats.
Bender says: "Hold on a minute!"
Scruffy says: "Hey!"
Scruffy says: "Hey!"
The security-bots take away the staff leaving only Hattie and a sleeping Farnsworth in their seats.
Jor-El says: "107."
[Cut to says: "Outside Business Centre."
[Cut to says: "The security-bots drop the staff onto the floor."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "And also it hurt my feelings!"
Horrible Gelatinous Stockbroker says: "What are you solids griping about?"
Horrible Gelatinous Stockbroker says: "Your shares are worth $107 apiece."
Leela says: "They are?"
Leela says: "Oh, my God!"
Leela says: "I'm a millionaire!"
Leela says: "Suddenly I have an opinion about that capital gains tax!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Amy says: "I'm even richer!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
Zoidberg says: "I have no shares!"
Zoidberg says: "Please, oh, please!"
Hermes says: "You didn't even refrigerate it, you spineless lobster!"
Zoidberg says: "You had to drag spines into this!"
He cries. Fry appears on the overhead monitors. He clears his throat.
Fry says: "As vice chairman of Planet Express, I'd like to say a few words."
Fry says: "There comes a time for every man who becomes rich and deserts his friends, when he goes back how it was."
Fry says: "For me, that time is now."
[Cut to says: "Intergalactic Stock Exchange Business Centre."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns to Steve Castle."
Fry says: "So I ask you, as a friend, won't you stop this deal?"
Steve Castle says: "Fry, I'm an 80's guy."
Steve Castle says: "Friendship to me means that for two bucks I'd beat you with a pool cue till you got detached retinas."
Steve Castle says: "The deal will go ahead as--  My bones!"
The crowd gasps.
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "His boneitis!"
Steve Castle says: "I was so busy being an 80's guy, I forgot to cure it."
Steve Castle says: "My only regret is..."
Steve Castle says: "that I have..."
Steve Castle says: "boneitis!"
He stops twisting.
Fry says: "He's dead."
The crowd gasps.
Mom says: "Pry out his fillings, feed him to the jackals and let's get on with the sale."
Fry says: "I don't think so."
Fry says: "'Cause, as vice chairman of the company, I gain voting control of his shares."
Mom says: "Don't be a fool, you idiot!"
Fry says: "I'll be whatever I wanna do!"
Fry says: "That Guy was the greatest businessman that ever lived."
Fry says: "And before his mysterious death, he taught me everything he knew."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "Hubert Farnsworth."
Farnsworth is still asleep but is now wearing a sleeping cap and bunny slippers. He wakes up.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, uh, what?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm awake, I'm awake!"
The stock price rapidly fluctuates. Tape falls from the ceiling and the Planet Express staff slide down.
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "Stop doing the right thing, you jerk!"
Leela says: "Let Mom buy the company!"
Leela says: "We all wanna be filthy, stinking rich!"
Zoidberg says: "Trust me, two out of three doesn't cut it!"
Fry says: "You mean you'd rather be rich than work together?"
Leela says: "Hell, yeah!"
Fry says: "In my whole life, this company was the only place I'd ever really felt at home."
Bender says: "It is!"
Fry says: "Friendship, then I'll sell Planet Express, for you."
He prepares to press "Yes".
Hattie says: ""Millionaires" nothing!"
Hattie says: "The stock's only worth three kajiggers!"
The staff mumble.
Bender says: "Oh, come on!"
Hermes says: "My Jah!"
Hermes says: "It's worth less now than when it was worthless!"
Fry says: "It is?"
Fry says: "Yahoo!"
Fry says: "We're poor no matter what I do!"
Fry says: "The deal is off!"
He selects "No" and the Planet Express vote changes to 100% for "No".
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
Zoidberg says: "Once again the conservative sangwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor!"
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Fry says: "Look, so we're not millionaires."
Fry says: "At least we all still get to work together."
Bender says: "Shut your fat mouth!"
The crew walk out muttering.
Fry says: "See you guys Monday!"
Closing Credits.