[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
Hermes says: "Listen up, people."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, Bender, Zoidberg, and Amy are sitting at the conference table and Hermes is standing up."
Hermes says: "As long as nothing happens for the next fifteen minutes, our insurance will be reinstated, so let's just sit quietly and run out the clock."
Hermes sits down. The crew remains silent for a few moments, only for Amy to stand up, start screaming, and point up.
Amy says: "A giant sausage!"
A giant sausage can be seen floating from the window. The rest of the crew starts screaming as well. Hermes stands up.
Bender says: "Oh, God!"
Hermes says: "Oh, God, no!"
Hermes says: "Get out of here, you horrific sausage!"
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Isn't today the parade?"
Leela says: "It's just a giant balloon!"
Fry says: "Giant balloon?"
Fry screams.
[Scene says: "New New York street."
[Scene says: "Three men and three women are holding the giant balloon while two other men are holding signs reading All Parts Franks, policeman-like Robots are marching, and Bender is carrying Fry, who is holding a cup with his right hand and ice cream with his left hand, on his back."
Bender says: "See, buddy?"
Bender says: "It's not so scary."
Fry whimpers.
Fry says: "I feel better now."
Fry says: "Why is so many different parades smooshed together?"
Leela says: "It's the Parade Day parade."
Fry says: "What's Parade Day?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It used to be that every group in New New York wanted their own parade."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Why, when I was a boy, we had a parade every day."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Those were dark times."
Leela says: "Now we just combine them all into one big Parade Day parade and get it over with."
Zoidberg says: "Hey, look!"
Zoidberg says: "A fog is rolling in."
Hermes says: "No, that's just the Jamaican pride float."
A float with a sign reading JAMAICAN PRIDE exudes smoke.
Amy says: "Looks like it's speeding up."
Hermes says: "Oh, no!"
Hermes says: "It's within munching distance of the Doritos float."
A float with a giant, Robotic hand holding a Dorito is dipped in a cup of sauce. The Jamaican pride float runs it over, causing the hand to throw the Dorito, which slices off three street lamps. Zapp is waving to the crowd on top of a float with a sign reading EARTHICAN PRIDE and a depiction of the Nimbus and of him holding up a giant Earth globe.
Zapp says: "Thank you!"
Zapp says: "Thank you!"
Zapp says: "Kif, you're slacking off of my waving arm."
The Dorito cuts the Zapp depiction's wrists, making the globe fall, with Zapp having to jump off the float to prevent himself from being crushed. The globe begins rolling down the road and heads for a man and a manbot who are talking.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "It's heading right for those two nerds!"
The man is wearing a shirt reading CHICKS DIG PALEONTOLOGISTS.
Manbot says: "Whoa!"
Manbot says: "Sweet shirt, dude!"
Man says: "Thanks."
Man says: "I have another one that says PALEONTOLOGISTS DO IT IN THE DIRT."
Man says: "I'm a palaeontologist."
Fry runs towards the two.
Fry says: "I'll save one of you!"
Fry diverts the man from the globe's trajectory, leaving the manbot to be crushed. The crowd gasps. A woman kisses the man.
Woman says: "Oh, honey!"
Woman says: "I dig you so much!"
Woman says: "You're a hero!"
A car with NNY Mayor painted on it passes by. Only Mayor Poopenmeyer and the driver are there. The Mayor steps out.
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "A hero indeed."
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "What's your name, son?"
Fry says: "I dunno."
Fry says: "Fry?"
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm proud to associate myself with a true hero."
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Care to say a few words, son?"
Fry says: "Uh..."
Fry says: "Heroes don't do drugs!"
Fry says: "Except for Drugman, I guess."
The crowd cheers as Fry and the Mayor walk towards the car.
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "I hereby declare that henceforth this Saturday shall be known as Fry-day!"
The crowd cheers one more time, Fry winks at them, driving away in the car, and the policeman-like Robots begin marching.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, night."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Fry, Amy, and Hermes enter."
Fry says: "It sure was nice of the Mayor's wife to have sex with me."
Fry says: "Huh?"
Bender is standing in front of him, looking angry.
Bender says: "You!"
Fry says: "What?"
While talking, Bender walks up to Fry and angrily pokes him in the chest with his finger.
Bender says: "You could've saved the Robot, but instead you saved the Human."
Bender says: "Do you think Human life is more precious than Robot life?"
Fry says: "No, no..."
Fry says: "Well, yes, actually."
Bender gasps in shock and turns away from Fry. Behind Fry, Leela and Hermes are sitting on the couch and Amy is sitting on the floor. They are all watching the fight. Hermes is reading a magazine entitled Podcast Digest.
Bender says: "That's it."
Bender says: "I'm killin' myself!"
Leela says: "Oh, Lord."
Bender is still turned away from the others.
Bender says: "Don't try and talk me out of it!"
Bender says: "Well?"
Amy is holding a remote.
Amy says: "Bender, you always say you're gonna kill yourself, but you almost never do."
Hermes says: "Yeah."
Hermes says: "Last time you went to the suicide booth, you ended up dating it for six months."
Leela is filing her nails.
Leela says: "How is Lynn, by the way?"
Bender says: "Livin' in Oregon with her crazy mother!"
Bender says: "See you at my funeral, suckers!"
Bender leaves.
[Scene says: "New New York street."
[Scene says: "Two sheets of paper featuring a red Hypnotoad and the word OBEY in AL1 are on a brick wall."
[Scene says: "Bender enters a suicide booth with CHEAP!"
[Scene says: "ODORLESS!"
[Scene says: "RELIABLE!"
[Scene says: "painted on it and the caption OPEN and closes the door."
[Scene says: "He inserts a stringed coin, retrieves it, and laughs."
Bender says: "Kill me, please!"
Bender says: "And make it splatter!"
Suicide booth says: "With pleasure..."
Suicide booth says: "Bender!"
Bender looks around, confused and somewhat frightened.
Bender says: "Lynn?"
Bender says: "Fat, but great."
Bender says: "I thought you were in Oregon."
Suicide booth says: "My mom tried to commit suicide in me."
Suicide booth says: "I don't wanna talk about it."
Bender says: "Well, tell your mom I said hello and it's been nice catchin' up with you."
Bender says: "Let's get this show on the road!"
Suicide booth says: "Oh, no!"
Suicide booth says: "You're going to die, alright."
Suicide booth says: "But it won't be suicide."
Suicide booth says: "It'll be murder!"
[Cut to says: "Outside."
[Cut to says: "The caption IN USE lights up on the suicide booth."
[Cut to says: "A woman with a grocery bag walks by as the booth starts shivering and Bender yells in agony."
[Cut to says: "The woman screams, drops her groceries, and runs off."
[Cut to says: "A number of gun shots pierce the suicide booth from within."
[Cut to says: "The shooting stops."
Bender says: "Missed me!"
More shots are fired and the booth starts shaking again. Bender yells out the last sound of a dead Robot. The booth is yet again still.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Scene says: "A hovervan with the logo DeadEx backs towards the door and throws out a metal casket onto the road."
[Scene says: "The hovervan honks the main theme of the funeral march in Chopin's Piano Sonata No."
[Scene says: "2 and drives off."
[Scene says: "The door is opened by Fry."
[Scene says: "Fry peeks out at the casket."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry walks in, holding Bender's broken body in his arms."
Fry says: "He did it."
Fry says: "He actually did it this time."
Fry cries.
Hermes says: "No way, mon."
Hermes says: "He's fakin' it."
Hermes says: "Everyone, put on your takin'-off caps."
Hermes puts his cap on. Fry whimpers.
Fry says: "Our what?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's a sign of respect, you savage!"
Professor Farnsworth stands beside Leela, Amy, Hermes, and Zoidberg, who all have different caps. Zoidberg's is one half of a giant egg. Professor Farnsworth puts his cap on and they all take their caps off simultaneously. Fry moves up beside them, holding a cap of his own. Amy sighs.
Amy says: "Poor, nasty, mean, old Bender."
Amy says: "I can't believe we'll never hear his evil laugh again."
Bender's laugh ensues, but the crew does not seem to notice. They look at Bender's broken body, while a ghost-like, pale, blue Bender figure rises from it, apparently invisible to them. Bender's ghost laughs evilly and looks into the camera.
Time lapse. Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Fry, Leela, Zoidberg, and Amy are gathered around a table with Bender's corpse on it, mourning his death. Near the table is a flower with a tape reading OUR BENDER. Bender's ghost continues laughing evilly. Fry rests his head on Leela's shoulder.
Fry says: "I miss 'im so much."
Hermes says: "There, there, Fry."
Hermes says: "He may be gone, but he'll always be with us as a trash can."
Hermes removes Bender's head from the corpse, places it on the floor, steps on Bender's teeth, which causes the head to open, and dumps garbage from a simpler trash can into it. Bender's ghost laughs.
Bender's ghost says: "Look at that loser gettin' garbage dumped in 'im."
Bender's ghost says: "Glad I'm not him, whoever he is."
Leela says: "Fry, as his only friend, you should have first pick of body parts."
Bender's ghost says: "Just don't pick his nose!"
Bender's ghost says: "What's wrong with you guys?"
Bender's ghost says: "This is comedy gold!"
Fry says: "He always had my back, so I'll take his arm, uh..."
Fry says: "As a backscratcher."
Fry says: "I love you, Bender."
Fry says: "Somebody hand me a bolt cutter."
Leela hands Fry a bolt cutter.
Bender's ghost says: "Hey, dipshlits!"
Bender's ghost says: "That's not me."
Bender's ghost says: "I'm right here."
Bender's ghost says: "Hello!"
Bender's ghost says: "Pay attention to me!"
Fry scratches his back with Bender's arm.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "Bender's ghost exits the building through the wall."
Bender's ghost says: "Why can't anybody hear my witty remarks?"
Bender's ghost says: "This is Hell!"
Robot Devil says: "Feh!"
Robot Devil says: "You wish!"
The Robot Devil is reading a magazine entitled LIFE IN HELL that has his face on it.
Bender's ghost says: "Robot Devil?"
Bender's ghost says: "You can hear me?"
Bender's ghost says: "Why is everyone else ignoring me?"
Robot Devil says: "Isn't it obvious, Bender?"
Bender's ghost says: "Yeah, I guess it is."
Bender's ghost crosses his arms.
Robot Devil says: "You're dead!"
Bender's ghost says: "What?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
Bender's ghost says: "I thought I just had laryngitis and anti-gravity."
The Robot devil sighs.
Robot Devil says: "Come down to my office and I'll explain everything."
The Robot Devil leaves. Bender's ghost goes after him, humming.
[Scene says: "Robot Hell."
[Scene says: "Robots are screaming."
[Cut to says: "The Robot Devil's office."
[Cut to says: "The Robot Devil is sitting at his desk."
[Cut to says: "Bender's ghost enters through the ceiling."
Bender's ghost says: "So what's happenin' to me?"
Bender's ghost says: "And I'll take my answer in any form but a song!"
Standing in front of a ship with S.S. ANYTHING GOES painted on it, the Robot Devil turns off a gramophone and undresses a bikini.
Robot Devil says: "Oh, you're no fun."
Robot Devil says: "You see, Bender, it's simple."
Robot Devil says: "You're a ghost!"
Bender's ghost says: "A g-g-g-g-ghost?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
Robot Devil says: "No, just the regular kind."
Robot Devil says: "Because you killed yourself, you're in Limbo."
Robot Devil says: "Your software was exported to the computational cloud."
Bender's ghost says: "Adoy!"
Bender's ghost says: "Wait, Adoy?"
Robot Devil says: "Your disembodied programme is now running on the wireless network shared by all machinery."
Bender's ghost approaches the Robot Devil.
Bender's ghost says: "Cut to the chase, Smokey!"
Bender's ghost says: "How do I get outta Limbo?"
The Robot Devil laughs evilly.
Robot Devil says: "That's the laughy part!"
Robot Devil says: "You can't!"
Robot Devil says: "You're stuck in an infinite loop."
The Robot Devil blows out a lemniscate in smoke in Bender's ghost's direction.
Bender's ghost says: "An infinite loop?"
Bender's ghost says: "I don't have time for that."
Bender's ghost says: "Man, this is all Fry's fault!"
Robot Devil says: "Fry?"
Robot Devil says: "I hate that guy."
Robot Devil says: "We once traded hands."
Robot Devil says: "They still stink of candy corn!"
Bender's ghost says: "Get this: That jerk said Human life was more valuable than Robot life!"
Robot Devil says: "What?!"
Robot Devil says: "!"
Robot Devil says: "After all you've done for him, Fry must die."
The flames disappear.
Bender's ghost says: "I know, right?"
Bender's ghost says: "I'd murder him good if only I was still alive."
The Robot Devil hums.
Robot Devil says: "Bender, would you like to make a deal?"
The Robot Devil pulls a contract sheet out of nowhere and a pen suddenly appears in his hand as if by magic.
Bender's ghost says: "I'm not stupid..."
Bender's ghost says: "What have I agreed to?"
Robot Devil says: "I'll return you to your body..."
Robot Devil says: "After you use your ghostly powers to scare Fry to death!"
The Robot Devil laughs evilly.
Bender's ghost says: "That sounds fair and also fun."
Bender's ghost says: "I like that there's no catch this time."
Robot Devil says: "But wait."
Robot Devil says: "There's a catch."
Bender's ghost says: "Crap!"
Robot Devil says: "If you fail, you'll spend eternity here in Robot Hell."
Robot Devil says: "Which, as luck would have it, is where I rehearse my band."
Robot Devil says: "Cigars are evil."
Robot Devil says: "You won't miss 'em—"
Bender's ghost is covering his ears.
Bender's ghost says: "Okay!"
Bender's ghost says: "I'll do it, I'll do it."
Bender's ghost says: "Just stop the damn music!"
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apartments, night."
[Cut to says: "Apartment 00100100."
[Cut to says: "Fry is snoring."
[Cut to says: "Bender's ghost enters through the wall."
Bender's ghost says: "Scare Fry to death?"
Bender's ghost says: "Ha."
Bender's ghost says: "I could do that in my sleep."
Bender's ghost says: "What are you, deaf?"
Bender's ghost continues wooing, flying around Fry's bed. Still seeing no reaction, he yawns.
[Scene says: "Apartment 00100100, day."
[Scene says: "Fry is still snoring, but now Bender's ghost is doing the same, sleeping above him."
[Scene says: "Bender's ghost somehow awakens Fry by accident."
Time lapse. Fry opens the water tap and begins brushing his teeth with an electric toothbrush. Bender's ghost is watching him and hums.
Bender's ghost says: "Soap."
Bender's ghost says: "I know Fry's afraid of that."
Bender's ghost says: "Whoa, it's sick!"
Bender's ghost says: "My software can control electronics."
The hair dryer attacks Fry.
Fry says: "What the—"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Not the armpits!"
Fry says: "Winter's coming!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Bender's head is on the conference table."
[Scene says: "Hermes removes its antenna and stretches it."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth, Leela, Zoidberg, and Amy are revealed to be sitting at the table."
[Scene says: "Hermes uses the antenna to point to a graph on the screen."
Hermes says: "As you can see, since Bender's death, requests to bite one's shiny metal ass are down 98%."
Hermes says: "Do you mind doing that later?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Scruffy says: "Bite my shiny metal ass."
The line in the graph on the screen rises so as to reflect Scruffy's utterance. Fry enters, nervous.
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "I was attacked in my bathroom!"
Fry says: "By my bathroom!"
Fry says: "I'm being haunted by a ghost!"
Amy, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, and Hermes laugh.
Amy says: "Fry..."
Amy says: "You're just upset because you drove Bender to suicide."
Amy says: "Here, take your mind off it with these soothing relaxation balls."
Amy pulls Bender's eyes out of his head and offers them to Fry. Bender's ghost enters through the wall.
Bender's ghost says: "Alright."
Bender's ghost says: "I got 'im all heebie-jeebied with my bathroom harass."
Bender's ghost says: "One more good scare and I'll be outta Limbo!"
Hermes suspires.
Hermes says: "Did someone say Limbo?"
Amy, Zoidberg, Leela, Fry, and Professor Farnsworth respond negatively.
Bender's ghost says: "Hold on to your dookie."
Bender's ghost says: "It's about to get spooky."
Bender's ghost leaves through the wall.
[Montage says: "New New York street."
[Montage says: "Bender's ghost flies into a vending machine labelled FRESH Pineapples."
[Montage says: "Fry inserts a bill and is hit by several pineapples."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express kitchen."
[Cut to says: "A toast emerges from the toaster and Fry picks it up."
[Cut to says: "It has been burnt to read BO."
[Cut to says: "Fry looks confused and another toast emerges."
[Cut to says: "This one has been burnt to read O!"
[Cut to says: "."
[Cut to says: "The two toasts spell BOO!"
[Cut to says: "."
[Cut to says: "Fry screams and falls down."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hall."
[Cut to says: "The door to the conference room is being controlled by Bender's ghost, opening and closing repeatedly."
[Cut to says: "Fry manages to get through it safely, complaining, but is hit by one of its halves, which Zoidberg opens as he enters the room."
Time lapse. Hermes, Fry, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, and Amy are sitting at the conference table and Bender's ghost is watching from above.
Fry says: "I'm tellin' ya."
Fry says: "Somethin' supernatural is happening."
Fry says: "I'm scared to death!"
Bender's ghost giggles evilly.
Leela says: "Stop being ridiculous."
Leela says: "There's no such thing as whatever you're saying."
Bender's ghost flies into Leela's wristlojackimator. It slaps Fry three times.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Whoa."
Leela says: "Maybe you're right."
Leela says: "I only meant to slap you twice."
Fry says: "All I know is I've got a ghost that needs busting."
Fry dials an old phone.
Hermes says: "Who you gonna call?"
Fry says: "Gho—"
Fry is interrupted by a beep.
Female voice says: "The number you have dialled has been lame since 1989."
The phone attempts to choke Fry. Hermes and Amy try to help him, but Fry is only saved when Zoidberg cuts the cord with his claw. Fry screams. Professor Farnsworth is sitting at the table, quiet.
Fry says: "Now do you believe me?!"
Fry says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, fuff."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Enough of your superstitious nonsense."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm sure that whatever is happening can be explained by science."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, night."
Gypsy says: "Let the séance begin!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I said science!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Behind a machine labelled ELECTROFLUX THEREMIN, Zoidberg waves his hands in front of his face."
[Cut to says: "The room is enlightened by candles."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Leela, Fry, and Amy are sitting at the conference table and clapping their hands."
[Cut to says: "The gypsy is by the table."
[Cut to says: "Fry inserts a coin in her slot and she powers up."
Gypsy says: "The veil is lifting."
Gypsy says: "I am gazing into the spirit world..."
Gypsy says: "And..."
Gypsy says: "Nothing."
Gypsy says: "You said something about a buffet?"
Bender's ghost says: "I'm right here, you lazy shyster!"
Bender's ghost grunts as he flies into an iron. The iron attacks the gypsy.
Gypsy says: "Wait."
Gypsy says: "I'm sensing something."
Another slot of the gypsy's opens and loads of coins fall on the floor. Bender's ghost leaves the iron and gasps.
Bender's ghost says: "I'm rich!"
Bender's ghost says: "Aw."
Fry says: "Is it a ghost?!"
Fry says: "!"
Gypsy says: "There's no such thing as ghosts, you donkey monkey!"
Gypsy says: "It's a Robot ghost."
Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Leela gasp.
Fry says: "A Robot ghost?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "What Robot would wanna haunt me?"
Bender's ghost appears behind Fry's chair.
Bender's ghost says: "Me, dumbass!"
Bender's ghost says: "Bender, Bender, Bender, Bender!"
Bender's ghost says: "Tell 'im, you baggy, old crone!"
Bender's ghost flies into the gypsy's body. The gypsy's head whirls around frenetically and explodes.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Finally!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Any more ridiculous ideas?"
Hermes raises his hand, much to the surprise of Professor Farnsworth.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Hallelujah!"
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Can I get an amen and a goodly helpin' of Scruffy's famous corn biscuits?"
Reverend Preacherbot grabs a plate.
Scruffy says: "Right away, Reverend."
Scruffy puts a corn biscuit in the plate.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "Reverend Preacherbot is wiping his face with a cloth."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Oh, Lord."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "I got the too much macaroni sweats."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Now where's this alleged apparition?"
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Might be a problem with your circuit breaker."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "See ya."
Fry says: "Please!"
Fry says: "I'm under constant attack by machinery."
Fry says: "I can't sleep, I can't think."
Fry says: "I can't even think!"
Reverend Preacherbot sighs.
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Very well."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "This sacramental firewall scans for and removes ghostware in a twenty-foot radius."
Bender's ghost says: "Bring it on, holy man!"
Reverend Preacherbot activates the device and it creates a firewall that moves Bender's ghost away. Bender's ghost screams as he is expelled from the building. Several machines fall on the floor, making it seem that Fry is out of trouble, but one of them falls on his head. Fry screams.
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Carry this at all times and the demon cannot harm you."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "It also keeps cats off the sofa."
Reverend Preacherbot says: "By killin' 'em!"
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apartments."
[Cut to says: "Apartment 00100100."
[Cut to says: "Fry is sleeping with a smile on his face, holding on to the sacramental firewall."
[Cut to says: "Bender's ghost enters through the wall and grunts as he tries to approach Fry, but the device makes it hard for him to do so."
[Cut to says: "He is eventually able to reach the device and flies into it, deactivating it."
[Cut to says: "Fry wakes up and stretches."
Fry says: "So quiet!"
Fry says: "So peaceful!"
Fry says: "Time to lower my guard even for a minute."
Fry says: "Yup, I was right."
Fry falls on the floor.
[Scene says: "The Robot Devil's office."
[Scene says: "The Robot Devil is sitting at his desk, playing solitaire at the computer."
[Scene says: "Bender's ghost enters through the wall."
Bender's ghost says: "Okay, Beelze."
Bender's ghost says: "Fry's dead."
The Robot Devil screams.
Robot Devil says: "A ghost!"
Robot Devil says: "Oh, it's you."
Bender's ghost says: "A deal's a deal, so give me my body back."
The Robot Devil types something in.
Robot Devil says: "Fry's dead, you say?"
Robot Devil says: "Funny."
Robot Devil says: "That's not what it says on his Wikipedia page."
The Robot Devil turns the screen to Bender's ghost. Bender's ghost looks at it.
Bender's ghost says: "Survived the heart attack?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
Bender's ghost says: "Damn you, Obamacare!"
[Scene says: "Hospital."
[Scene says: "A heart monitor is beeping."
[Scene says: "Hermes, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Amy are present."
[Scene says: "Dr."
[Scene says: "Cahill is attending Fry, who is lying on a bed."
Dr. Cahill says: "I'm afraid your heart has suffered a lot of damage, Mr."
Dr. Cahill says: "Fry."
Dr. Cahill says: "And my cleavage isn't helping."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Not helping him."
Dr. Cahill says: "One more sudden shock will kill you."
Bender's ghost enters through the wall.
Bender's ghost says: "Sudden?"
Bender's ghost says: "That's just the kind of one more shock I was plannin'."
Bender's ghost flies into the heart monitor. It shows three Bender faces and begins beeping intensely.
Fry says: "The machines."
Fry says: "They're after me!"
Dr. Cahill says: "You're suffering from machine phobia."
Dr. Cahill says: "Your only hope is to go to the Amish homeworld, where no machines are allowed."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I guess it's for the best."
Fry says: "Bender."
Bender's ghost says: "Say what?"
Fry continues whimpering.
Fry says: "Now that he's gone, I realise how valuable a Robot life can be..."
Fry says: "When it belongs to my best friend."
Fry cries. Bender's ghost exits the heart monitor.
Bender's ghost says: "That's the closest thing to Bender is great that anyone besides me has ever said."
Bender's ghost whimpers.
[Scene says: "The South Street Spaceport."
Female voice says: "Final boarding call for Flight 38 to the Amish homeworld."
Female voice says: "As a reminder, passengers are limited to two carry-on butter churns."
Fry enters an Amish spaceship, waves to the crew, and they wave back to him. Bender's ghost passes through them.
Bender's ghost says: "I'm sorry, Fry."
Bender's ghost says: "I'm sorry!"
Bender's ghost says: "Wait for your ghost buddy!"
Sad, Bender's ghost passes through Fry as well. The spaceship takes off as it is pulled by two oxen, who are tricked into running by an Amish man hanging a carrot in front of them.
[Montage says: "Space."
[Montage says: "The spaceship is on its way to the Amish homeworld."
[Cut to says: "The Amish homeworld."
[Cut to says: "The spaceship lands as a group of Amish awaits its arrival."
[Cut to says: "The door opens and Fry, followed by Bender's ghost, exits."
[Cut to says: "He is greeted by three women who offer him a hat, a dinner jacket, and a black beard."
[Cut to says: "Fry gives the black beard back and is given an identical one in orange."
[Cut to says: "Outside."
[Cut to says: "Fry and a group of Amish men, unknowingly helped by Bender's ghost, finish building a barn shaped like a geodesic dome."
[Cut to says: "Fry contemplates his work while Bender's ghost has his arms raised."
[Cut to says: "Bakery."
[Cut to says: "A woman removes a set of sweets from the fireplace."
[Cut to says: "Fry does the same, but his sweets do not look as good."
[Cut to says: "Fry is disappointed, but Bender approves of them."
[Cut to says: "Wheat field."
[Cut to says: "Bender's ghost passes through Fry, stares at his own hands, and hugs Fry, only to realise that Fry cannot see him."
[Cut to says: "Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "Fry is sleeping while Bender is lying at the foot of the bed."
[Scene says: "Outside."
[Scene says: "Fry is driving a carriage that sustains the barn and is being pulled by the two oxen."
[Scene says: "The Amish spaceship appears, much to Fry's surprise, and lands."
[Scene says: "A window of the ship's is opened by an Amish man."
Amish man says: "Brother Fry, thou hast visitors."
The Amish man looks down with a smile on his face as the crew exits the spaceship. Leela, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Amy greet Fry. Another Amish man and a mysterious-looking lady also come out.
Fry says: "Well, yank my beard."
Fry says: "This be a surprise."
Fry hugs Leela and shakes Professor Farnsworth's hand.
Leela says: "How are you, Fry?"
Fry says: "Thank you for asking, English."
Fry says: "My life is simple, but plain."
Fry says: "And, though Bender be gone, somehow, I feel he's still with me."
Listening to the conversation, Bender's ghost whimpers.
Bender's ghost says: "I sure am, Brother Fry."
Bender's ghost says: "Yo, big bonnet!"
Bender's ghost says: "Move your ugly but modest head covering."
Bender's ghost says: "Oh, right."
Bender's ghost says: "You can't hear me."
The mysterious-looking lady speaks in the Robot Devil's voice.
Robot Devil says: "Oh, I hear you loud and clear."
The lady takes off her bonnet, revealing the Robot Devil's face. Bender screams.
Bender's ghost says: "You're not Granny Hester!"
Bender's ghost says: "What have you done with Granny Hester?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
Robot Devil says: "She's naked, but unharmed."
Robot Devil says: "And now, Bender, it's time to fulfil your end of the deal."
Bender's ghost says: "Sorry."
Bender's ghost says: "I'm not gonna kill Fry."
Bender's ghost says: "Take me to Hell for all eternity."
Bender's ghost says: "Just as long as my little bearded meatbag gets to live."
Robot Devil says: "That he will not!"
Robot Devil says: "For, you see, it is your fate to kill him."
The Robot Devil laughs evilly.
Bender's ghost says: "Says you!"
Bender's ghost says: "I would never kill Fry!"
Bender's ghost says: "Not even to save my own life!"
Robot Devil says: "But, Bender, isn't a Robot life worth ever so much more than a Human life?"
Bender's ghost says: "Of course not!"
Bender's ghost says: "What idiot thinks that?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
The Robot Devil crosses his arms.
Robot Devil says: "You!"
Bender's ghost gasps.
Bender's ghost says: "You're usin' my own words against me!"
Bender's ghost says: "Go to Hell!"
The oxen are scared by Bender's screaming. The Robot Devil crosses his arms again.
Robot Devil says: "Soon enough."
Robot Devil says: "But, first, the killing."
Robot Devil says: "Have you noticed that animals are sometimes spooked by Robot ghosts?"
Bender's ghost says: "So what?!"
Bender's ghost says: "!"
Bender's ghost says: "I hate animals!"
Bender's ghost says: "Run for your life, Fry!"
Bender's ghost says: "Move your hemp flaps!"
Robot Devil says: "He can't hear you, Bender."
Robot Devil says: "I'm afraid your friend is about to be Fully Buckminstered!"
Bender's ghost says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender's ghost says: "I'll just jump into a machine and get his attention that way."
Robot Devil says: "Ah, but there aren't any machines on this planet!"
Bender's ghost says: "There's one, you rusty, old dummy."
Bender's ghost flies into the Robot Devil's body. The Robot Devil screams.
Robot Devil says: "Hey, no fair!"
Robot Devil says: "Ocupado!"
The Devil is attacked by his own limbs.
Bender's ghost says: "Got you!"
Bender's ghost says: "Get over here, Devil!"
Meanwhile, Fry is talking to Hermes, Zoidberg, Leela, and Professor Farnsworth.
Fry says: "And Scruffy's buffet?"
Fry says: "How's that going?"
Bender, in the Robot Devil's body, runs towards Fry.
Bender's ghost says: "Fry!"
Bender's ghost says: "Fry!"
Bender's ghost says: "Look out for that bowlin' barn!"
Professor Farnsworth, Amy, Leela, Zoidberg, and Hermes scream and run. Fry does nothing.
Fry says: "Bender?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "Is that thou?"
Bender's ghost, in the Robot Devil's body, heads for the moving barn.
Bender's ghost says: "I love you!"
Bender's ghost, in the Robot Devil's body, diverts Fry from the barn's trajectory, but is squashed. Fry is saved. The crew goes to aid of Fry.
Amy says: "Oh, my God!"
Amy says: "That was close!"
Hermes says: "Did you see that?"
Leela says: "Are you okay?"
Leela says: "What just happened?"
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "Well, I think the Robot Devil said he'd loved me in Bender's voice, wearing Granny Hester's clothes."
Fry says: "I wanna go home!"
[Scene says: "Robot Hell."
[Scene says: "Robots are screaming."
[Scene says: "The ghosts of the Robot Devil and Bender descend through Hell."
Robot Devil's ghost says: "You still lose, Bender."
Robot Devil's ghost says: "You failed to kill Fry, so you are banished to Hell."
Robot Devil's ghost says: "I get a new body and you get to be a translucid chump 'til the end of time!"
Bender's ghost says: "Big deal!"
Bender's ghost says: "I saved my friend."
Bender's ghost says: "As far as I'm concerned, I won."
Robot Devil says: "Uh, really?"
Robot Devil says: "You may find your victory pyrrhic, when subjected to this lyric, for a trillion years or so."
Robot Devil says: "Yeah!"
Bender's ghost is pulled upward, surprising himself and the Robot Devil.
Bender's ghost says: "Whoa!"
Robot Devil says: "Hey, where are you going?!"
Robot Devil says: "!"
Bender's ghost says: "I don't know and I don't care!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Bender's ghost is still being pulled upward."
Bender's ghost says: "Yeah, I'm back!"
Bender's ghost says: "Oh, this guy..."
White Robot says: "Bender, for your selfless act in saving Fry, I am pleased to welcome you to Robot Heaven."
Bender's ghost says: "Shut up, God!"
White Robot says: "Beg pardon?"
Bender's ghost says: "I wanna go back to Robot Earth."
Bender's ghost says: "I mean regular Earth."
Bender's ghost flies into the white Robot's body.
White Robot says: "Hey, what are you—"
White Robot says: "Just get out."
Bender's ghost is kicked out of Robot Heaven, falls back down, and screams.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Hermes, Fry, and Leela are sitting at the conference table, where Bender's dead head is standing."
[Cut to says: "Fry sighs as he picks his nose with Bender's arm."
Fry says: "Woo!"
Fry says: "I've been through the adventure of a lifetime."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Bender's arm and the remainder of Bender's body parts gather, forming Bender. The crew is perplexed. Bender's ghost enters through the ceiling and joins his body. Bender powers up.
Bender says: "I'm back, baby!"
Zoidberg, Hermes, and Leela gasp. Fry walks up to Bender.
Fry says: "You're back from the dead?!"
Fry says: "!"
Bender says: "I'm back from lots of stuff."
Fry and Bender hug.
Fry says: "Oh, Bender, Bender, I missed you so much!"
Fry says: "Hey, wait."
Fry says: "Did you haunt me?"
Fry looks at Bender in suspicion. Bender's eyes begin shifting.
Closing Credits.