[Opening Credits. Caption says: "As Foretold by Nostradamus."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hermes' Office."
[Scene says: "Hermes takes a form out of the in-tray."
Hermes says: "Finally, the last form of the day."
Hermes says: "Welcome to Stampy Town."
Hermes says: "Population, five!"
Hermes says: "My God!"
Hermes says: "It's from the Central Bureaucracy!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the couch with their feet up watching TV."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Leela says: "I'm having a poker game tonight with some friends from my old cryogenics job."
Leela says: "You guys interested?"
Bender says: "I don't know."
Bender says: "I only gamble with chumps."
Fry says: "I'll play."
Bender says: "I'm in!"
Enter Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Leela, Fry, robot."
Zoidberg says: "No matter what it is you're doing tonight, I'm available."
Leela says: "We're playing poker."
Leela says: "But I'm warning you, my friends are serious players."
Zoidberg says: "Bah, big shots."
Zoidberg says: "I say let the dice do the talking."
Time Lapse. A green card table has been set up in the middle of the room. Leela rips open a packet of "Crudités" and pours a powder onto the table. She adds water and a plant grows from the powder and drops things like fruit and pretzels onto a tray. Hermes walks in humming and straightening a tie.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "You look happy."
Fry says: "Is someone fired?"
Hermes says: "Better!"
Hermes says: "The Central Bureaucracy is conducting an inspection tomorrow."
Hermes says: "I will finally be promoted to grade 35, the 35th highest grade there is."
He starts to walk out the other door.
Leela says: "Hermes, wait!"
Leela says: "We're having a poker party."
Leela says: "Stay and whip off a batch of your famous jerk dip."
Hermes says: "Sorry, I spent all day putting my office in order."
Hermes says: "Now I got to go home and relax the traditional Jamaican way: A glass of warm milk and good night sleep."
Fry says: "Jamaican?"
Fry says: "I thought you were some kinda outer-space potato man."
The doorbell rings.
Leela says: "Ah, that must be my old boss."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Entrance."
[Scene says: "Leela opens the door and Ipgee walks in."
Ipgee says: "Hello, Leela."
Ipgee says: "You're fired."
Leela says: "I know."
Ipgee says: "I'm sorry but it's just that you're over a year late for work at this point."
Terry and Lou arrive wearing their lab coats.
Terry says: "Let the games begin!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The poker players sit around the table."
Ipgee says: "So I told Leela, "Your request for a date is most flattering but I must decline."
Ipgee says: "" These office romances never work out."
Ipgee says: "After all, that is how I met my horrible wife."
Everyone except Leela laughs.
Leela says: "But you never wore your ring."
Leela says: "I didn't know you had a wife."
Ipgee says: "And my wife doesn't know I have a job."
Ipgee says: "I keep my personal and professional lives separate."
Bender says: "Come on, let's deal."
Bender says: "You'll have plenty of time to talk when you're poor."
He puts on some shades.
Fry says: "What's with the specs, Bender?"
Bender says: "They're my lucky shades."
Bender says: "I stole them off some lucky guy while his lucky seeing eye dog was taking a whiz."
He takes the deck from Ipgee, puts it in his mouth, shuffles it and deals by spitting them out around the table.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Four of his cards are stuck in an apple he is holding. Bender spits one more card at him and it cuts off the fork in his hair. Zoidberg fumbles with the hand he is dealt.
Zoidberg says: "I can't spell anything with these cards."
Time Lapse. The game continues and Zoidberg has lost the shirt off his back. Bender enjoys a winning streak as he wears Zoidberg's shirt and has a few piles of chips in front of him. He hums.
Zoidberg says: "Finally, I have a good claw."
Zoidberg says: "See?"
Zoidberg says: "Three human females, a number and a king giving himself brain surgery."
Fry tuts.
Fry says: "It doesn't matter how many human females you have, Bender's on a hot streak."
Bender says: "Uh, what can I say?"
Bender says: "Must be my lucky shades!"
Bender says: "Read 'em and leak salt water!"
Fry says: "Oh, man!"
Terry says: "That's my baby's milk money!"
Bender takes his winnings and chuckles.
Ipgee says: "Oh, I am broke."
Ipgee says: "What will I tell my horrible wife?"
Bender says: "If I were you I'd be more worried about that tapeworm going to town on your intestines."
He starts to shuffle the pack again.
Ipgee says: "Let me see those glasses."
Bender chokes on the cards and spits them out. Terry and Lou stand up.
Bender says: "Um..."
Bender says: "uh..."
Ipgee takes the glasses and looks through them.
Ipgee says: "Oh, my various Gods!"
Ipgee says: "X-Ray specs!"
Bender scoops up his winnings and starts backing out of the room.
Bender says: "Guys, I swear those are prescription."
Bender says: "I need 'em for reading stuff..."
Bender says: "on the other side of stuff."
He walks back towards the door and backs into Zoidberg.
Lou says: "Cheater!"
Ipgee says: "Get him!"
Terry says: "Break his neck!"
Zoidberg says: "No, don't hurt him!"
Zoidberg says: "He's my best friend!"
Bender pushes him over and legs it.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Bender hides inside Hermes' office, closing the door behind him."
[Cut to says: "Ipgee, Terry and Lou follow him inside."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Easy on the arm!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Oh, my ass!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The next morning Hermes walks into the building and changes the sign on the front door from "Closed" to "Opening Soon" to "Open"."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Hermes opens the door to his office."
[Cut to says: "Files and papers fall out."
Hermes says: "Great cow of Moscow!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hermes' Office."
[Cut to says: "The room is a wreck."
[Cut to says: "Electrical things sizzle, filing cabinets are overturned and papers are littered around the room."
[Cut to says: "Bender is in pieces."
[Cut to says: "His head pops out of his body."
Bender says: "Uh, it was ghosts!"
Bender says: "Big ones!"
Bender says: "And a tornado!"
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Hermes says: "I'll never pass inspection now."
Hermes says: "They'll bust me lower than a limbo stick..."
Hermes says: "at carnival time."
Hermes says: "And that's as low as limbo sticks get."
Fry puts his hand on Hermes' shoulder.
Fry says: "Aw, hey, c'mon, don't worry."
Fry says: "We'll watch you clean up."
Hermes says: "It's too late."
Hermes says: "The inspector will be here in exactly one second."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Cut to says: "The door opens and a woman wearing a dark green suit walks in."
[Cut to says: "Her hair is in a tight bun and she wears glasses."
Hermes says: "Who the hell are you?"
Morgan says: "Morgan Proctor, bureaucrat grade 19."
Hermes says: "Hermes Conrad, bureaucrat grade 36."
They exchange papers and stamp them.
Morgan says: "Enough friendly banter."
Morgan says: "Shall we begin the inspection?"
Hermes says: "This way, please."
He ushers her into his office.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hermes' Office."
Fry says: "Jeez, Hermes, you seem awfully calm about this."
Hermes says: "Don't worry."
Hermes says: "I have a plan."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Hermes stands on the railings around the balcony."
Hermes says: "I'm going to jump!"
The staff look up from street level.
Amy says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Bender says: "Do a flip!"
Leela says: "Don't do it, Hermes!"
Leela says: "You have so much to live for."
Bender says: "I get it, reverse psychology."
Farnsworth says: "Please, old friend, don't jump."
Farnsworth says: "Use another method that won't damage your liver."
Farnsworth says: "Other people need it, you know."
LaBarbara's car screeches to a stop.
LaBarbara says: "Husband!"
LaBarbara says: "Nooo!"
Hermes says: "Outta my way, wife!"
Hermes says: "I wasn't cut out to be a bureaucrat anyway."
Hermes says: "I'm only anal 78."
Hermes says: "36% of the time."
Hermes says: "I'm not worthy to stamp a form, so I'll stamp the pavement with my flabby body."
Morgan says: "Bureaucrat Conrad, if you complete your death transaction without filing a suicide and/or falling accident permit, you will be posthumously demoted."
Hermes says: "Life."
Hermes says: "Death."
Hermes says: "Either way I'm demoted to a tiny cubicle."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes sits at the table shaking."
Hermes says: "Sweet something of..."
Hermes says: "of someplace."
Morgan says: "As your superior, I hereby relieve you of duty."
Morgan says: "Consider yourself on paid vacation."
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Hermes says: "The ultimate penalty!"
Zoidberg says: "I recommend the health cure on Spa 5, the sauna planet."
Zoidberg says: "Here, read."
He hands a leaflet to LaBarbara.
LaBarbara says: "Spa 5?"
LaBarbara says: "Is it good?"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, it's wonderful!"
Zoidberg says: "I don't know anything about it but they give me a bucket of krill for every patient I send."
Morgan says: "Naturally I'll have to assign a bureaucrat to fill in for Hermes while he's away."
Morgan says: "I assign me, I accept."
Morgan says: "Welcome aboard."
Zoidberg says: "Then it's settled."
Zoidberg says: "Hermes will relax and Zoidberg will eat."
Zoidberg says: "Hurrah!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Morgan's Office."
[Scene says: "Morgan changes Hermes' name plate so it has her name on it."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender are with her."
Morgan says: "I've been reviewing your corporate records."
Morgan says: "Regarding last Monday's delivery, why did it take twice as long as scheduled?"
Leela says: "Fry got his head stuck in a crater."
Fry says: "I thought it would fit."
Morgan writes something down on a piece of paper.
Morgan says: "And during this period of head-crater interaction, what were you doing?"
Bender says: "Martini drinking contests with the autopilot."
Bender says: "I would've had him this time but we ran out of olives."
Morgan says: "You really think you can explain how you left port without a full compliment of olives?"
Morgan says: "I think not."
Leela says: "What is this, high school?"
Morgan says: "Locker check!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Morgan opens Leela's locker."
[Scene says: "There is a small purple bag on the top shelf and Leela's green jacket is hanging in the bottom."
[Scene says: "The zip is halfway up the coat."
Morgan says: "Why isn't this jacket in alphabetical order?"
Leela says: "What?"
Morgan says: "The zipper."
Morgan says: "It should be at the bottom."
She pulls it down and closes the locker. She opens Bender's locker. On the shelf is a nut. She picks it up and shakes her head.
Bender says: "Hey, sometimes a guy gets lonely."
Morgan closes his locker and opens Fry's. Empty cans fall out and a green liquid dribbles over them. Some socks and a blernsball cap fall out too and flies buzz around the pile of rubbish. Morgan steps back and looks horrified.
Morgan says: "I-- I've never seen anything like this."
Morgan says: "Why is there yoghurt in this cap?"
Fry says: "Uh, I can explain that."
Fry says: "See, it used to be milk and, well, time makes fools of us all."
Morgan says: "You are all dismissed."
Morgan says: "Fry, I will speak to you alone."
Fry gasps as Bender and Leela walk out and Morgan locks the door.
Fry says: "Uh, wait, this is the other Fry's locker."
Fry says: "I'm "Phry" with a P-H."
Morgan says: "Dirty boy!"
Morgan says: "Dirty!"
Morgan says: "Dirty!"
Morgan says: "Dirty!"
Fry gasps and pushes Morgan away.
Fry says: "What the hell's going on?"
Fry says: "I thought you were anti-dirty not pro-dirty."
She pushes him against the lockers.
Morgan says: "I'm surrounded by neat freaks everyday."
Morgan says: "There's nothing kinkier to me than a filthy slop-jock like you."
Fry says: "Oh, stop!"
She kisses him again then moves away and puts her glasses back on.
Morgan says: "Now listen, you filthy pig."
Morgan says: "No one can know about us."
Morgan says: "If anyone asks, I'll deny it."
Fry says: "Just like very other girl I've dated."
[Scene says: "Outside Spa 5 Fitness Camp."
[Scene says: "From outside the building looks like a pleasant fitness spa with nice trees and a sunny sky."
[Scene says: "The sign indicates it is recommended by Dr."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg."
[Scene says: "Spa 5 Fitness Camp."
[Scene says: "A blonde woman is in charge."
Woman says: "And two and three and four and..."
Woman says: "..."
Woman says: "come on, work those arms!"
People chip away at the walls of a large mine. LaBarbara peddles on a bike which powers a conveyor belt and carries away everything the miners chip off the walls.
LaBarbara says: "This is no spa, it's a forced-labour camp."
Hermes says: "Curse that Dr."
Hermes says: "Zoidberg!"
Hermes says: "If I get out of here, he'll be looking down the business-end of a shrimp fork."
An Australian man dressed in a vest and a hat turns around.
Australian Man says: "Give him one for me too, mate."
Australian Man says: "I don't know why I go to him."
A laser bolt flies past them and hits the wall.
Woman says: "I don't miss twice, campers!"
They work harder.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Morgan, Farnsworth, Leela, Fry and Bender sit around the table."
Morgan says: "And for those six and a half reasons, I am demoting Leela to co-pilot."
Leela says: "Co-pilot?"
Leela says: "Under who?"
Morgan says: "The autopilot."
Leela says: "That drunk?"
Bender laughs.
Morgan says: "Mr."
Morgan says: "Bender, you are now in charge of co-ordinating the Professor's bodily functions."
Bender stops laughing suddenly.
Farnsworth says: "That's a full-time job."
Morgan says: "And Fry, as for you, I am promoting you to executive delivery boy."
Morgan says: "You will no longer go on deliveries and you will have your own office next to mine."
Fry says: "Alright!"
He stands up and looks at Leela for a high five. She doesn't respond. He turns to Bender. He doesn't respond either.
Morgan says: "Mr."
Morgan says: "Bender, would you high-five him so we can continue this meeting?"
Morgan says: "Meeting adjourned."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Fry's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry has his feet up on his desk and drinks a can of Slurm."
[Scene says: "He burps and wipes his mouth with his tie."
Amy says: "I can't figure why she's so nice to you, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "She's a hateful monster, this Morgan."
Zoidberg says: "She scolded and hit me."
Zoidberg says: "I tell you, she's risking my friendship with her."
Enter Bender covered in mud and twigs.
Leela says: "Bender, what happened to you?"
Bender says: "Morgan made me walk the Professor."
Bender says: "There we were in the park when suddenly some old lady says I stole her purse."
Bender says: "I chucked the Professor at her but she kept coming."
Bender says: "So I had to hit her with this purse I found."
Bender says: "Ah, the point is, it's Morgan's fault."
Bender says: "That pencil-pushing scazwag."
Bender says: "Why, if she were here, I'd-- Uh-oh, is she behind me?"
He feels behind his head.
Morgan says: "No."
Morgan says: "I'm in front of you."
Bender squeals.
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apartments Corridor."
[Scene says: "The doorbell rings and Fry answers it."
[Scene says: "Morgan is there."
Fry says: "Morgan?"
Fry says: "It's 3am."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
Morgan says: "I know."
Morgan says: "A skunk knocked over my garbage and suddenly all I could think of was you."
Morgan says: "So, uh, this is where you eat?"
Fry says: "Eat and sleep."
He pulls the sheet away.
Morgan says: "Oh, Fry!"
She kisses him and pushes him onto the bed.
Fry says: "Uh, wait, Bender's my roommate."
Fry says: "He could be back any second."
Morgan says: "Not likely."
Morgan says: "I ordered him to flush out the Professor's ear wax."
She takes off her glasses, pulls her hair out of the bun and starts unbuttoning her suit.
[Cut to says: "Robot Arms Apartments Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Bender approaches his apartment holding something and walks in."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, I made you a candle with--  It's all coming together now!"
[Scene says: "Outside Robot Arms Apartments."
[Scene says: "Morgan is driven away in a taxi."
Bender says: "I must say, this opens my eyes."
Bender says: "Another case closed, my dear Watson."
Fry says: "Morgan, come back!"
Fry says: "He's stuck in a loop."
Bender says: "For I was blind but now I see!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
Bender says: "The cat's out of the bag now!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Fry's Office."
[Cut to says: "Bender leans back on a chair with a cigar in his mouth."
Morgan says: "Mr."
Morgan says: "Bender, about last night: That was just a..."
Morgan says: "a misunderstanding."
Bender says: "Oh, you didn't understand?"
Bender says: "Well let me explain."
Bender says: "You..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "were having sex with you."
He points at Morgan.
Morgan says: "No."
Morgan says: "You see, a bureaucrat of my rank isn't supposed to fraternise."
Bender says: "That's what makes it so juicy."
Bender says: "It's the forbidden fruit angle everybody loves."
Bender says: "First I'll say "You'll never guess who saw Fry and Morgan doing it," and they'll say "Who, Bender?"
Bender says: "Who?"
Bender says: "" and I'll say "It was lovable..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "old Bender."
Morgan has put something in the back of his neck. A 3.5" disk comes out of the back of his head and she takes it.
Fry says: "Hey, what did you do to him?"
Morgan says: "I downloaded his brain."
Morgan says: "Everything that is Bender is right here."
Morgan says: "His mind, his memories, his in-your-face interface."
Bender says: "I am Bender."
Bender says: "Please insert girder."
Fry says: "But, but..."
Fry says: "Bender need brain..."
Fry says: "for..."
Fry says: "smart making."
Fry says: "What did you do now?"
Fry says: "Stop doing things!"
Morgan says: "I sent the disk to be filed at the Central Bureaucracy."
Morgan says: "I did what I had to do, Fry; He was a bad robot."
Fry says: "No, he was a bad friend."
Fry says: "I want him back right now."
Morgan says: "Then you should have filed a request 20 years ago."
Fry growls.
Fry says: "I'm sick of you and your bureaucracy!"
He slides everything off his desk. Morgan grins.
Morgan says: "Dirty boy!"
Morgan says: "Dirty boy!"
She dives on him and they presumably have sex.
Time Lapse. Morgan is gone and the rest of the staff are there.
Leela says: "You and Morgan were having an affair?"
Fry says: "I couldn't help it."
Fry says: "She loved me because of the part of me that's a slob and I loved her because of the part of me that's desperate."
Bender says: "I am Bender."
Bender says: "Please insert girder."
Fry says: "Poor Bender."
Fry says: "Without his brain he's become all quiet and helpful."
Fry says: "We've got to go to the Central Bureaucracy and get that disk back!"
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes, we must, yes."
There is a long pause.
Amy says: "Why?"
Everyone looks around trying to think.
Leela says: "Well, those arguments aside, we're still going."
Farnsworth says: "You can't just waltz into the Central Bureaucracy."
Farnsworth says: "It's a tangled web of red tape and regulations."
Farnsworth says: "I've never been but a friend of mine went completely mad trying to find the washroom there."
Leela says: "Then we'll need a guide."
Leela says: "Someone who's been there before."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I've been there."
Farnsworth says: "Lots of times!"
He laughs maniacally.
[Scene says: "Spa 5 Fitness Camp."
[Scene says: "Hermes watches the Australian man push a mining cart."
[Scene says: "There is a man with a laser nearby."
Hermes says: "Look at that: The carts go out full but they come in empty."
Hermes says: "It's criminally inefficient."
Australian Man says: "Quiet, mate."
Australian Man says: "Pulling the empty carts is the closest thing we get to sleep."
Hermes says: "But don't you see?"
Hermes says: "They could increase efficiency 4% if they used the empty carts to bring in heavy mining machinery."
Man says: "Hey, I like the way you think."
He pulls a chain and a huge drill head falls into the Australian man's cart. He grumbles.
Australian Man says: "Oh, Lord!"
Man says: "You know, you oughta be a bureaucrat or something."
Hermes smiles.
[Scene says: "Outside Central Bureaucracy."
[Scene says: "The building is a huge white cube with "Central Bureaucracy Est."
[Scene says: "2159 A."
[Scene says: "D."
[Scene says: "License Pending" engraved on it."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Farnsworth, Amy and Bender join the end of a long queue, behind an old man with a Methuselah-like beard."
Fry says: "Man, how long is this gonna take?"
Old Man says: "I'm still waiting on my birth certificate."
Farnsworth says: "Well, it doesn't look like I'll make it inside with the rest of you."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, but good luck."
Farnsworth says: "Just leave me where I drop."
The queue moves backwards.
Old Man says: "Oh, great!"
Old Man says: "Someone had a baby."
Leela says: "Come on."
Leela says: "I have a better idea."
Time Lapse. They are by the walls of the building. Nearby is a grade 53 bureaucrat.
Leela says: "Excuse me?"
Leela says: "We're from the Planet Express delivery company."
Leela says: "We're here to deliver a robot."
Bender says: "I am Bender."
Bender says: "Please insert girder."
The bureaucrat laughs.
Grade 53 Bureaucrat says: "Looks like we've got a new office cut-up!"
He opens a door and the staff walk inside.
[Cut to says: "Central Bureaucracy Corridor."
[Cut to says: "The corridors are lined with thousands of filing cabinets and message tubes snake around overhead with red tubes flying through them."
[Cut to says: "A bureaucrat screams."
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "Look out!"
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "Look out!"
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "I'm gonna crash my slow-mobile!"
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "I had to swerve to avoid you."
He slowly heads for a pile of boxes.
Leela says: "While you're crashing, could you tell us where all these canisters end up?"
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "Oh, you want Central Filing."
They walk on.
Leela says: "OK."
Fry says: "OK."
Amy says: "OK, thanks."
Farnsworth says: "Wonderful."
Grade 41 Bureaucrat says: "Nooo!"
He eventually hits the pile of boxes and they wobble.
Time Lapse. Another bureaucrat turns around from a stack of filing cabinets.
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "Central Filing?"
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "Of course I know where that is."
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "I'm a grade 20."
Leela says: "Where is it?"
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "I can't tell you."
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "What do I look like?"
Grade 20 Bureaucrat says: "A grade 16?"
A red tube lands next to Leela. She sighs.
Leela says: "We're getting nowhere slowly."
Leela says: "Here, I'll address this to the Central Filing room."
Leela says: "Then we'll track it using my wrist LoJack-a-mater."
She sends the tube away and points her arm around.
Wrist Machine says: "Cold."
Wrist Machine says: "Cold."
Wrist Machine says: "Warmer."
Wrist Machine says: "Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot."
Time Lapse. They run through a dark corridor following the message tube. A thick metal door in front of them closes. They duck under it and Leela drags Farnsworth through. Bender walks straight through it, leaving a Bender-shaped hole.
Time Lapse. They quietly pass a sleeping Beholder-like creature. Bender walks into it. It wakes up, growls and starts shooting blue lights from things on it's head. It is another bureaucrat.
Grade 11 Bureaucrat says: "Please don't tell my supervisor I was sleeping."
[Scene says: "Outside Central Filing."
[Scene says: "They stop outside the door."
Leela says: "This is it."
Leela says: "We'll just run in, grab Bender's disk and run out."
Leela says: "Got it?"
Everyone nods. Leela opens the door and everyone gasps.
[Cut to says: "Central Filing."
[Cut to says: "The message tubes all converge in the middle of the room and there are tens of thousands of red tubes in a huge pile."
[Cut to says: "The room towers so high into the air that there is a bi-plane flying around the clouds near the ceiling."
Fry says: "We'll never find that disk will we, Bender?"
Bender says: "I am Bender."
Bender says: "Please insert girder."
Fry says: "You're right."
Fry says: "Nothing is over as long as there's one thin ray of hope."
Morgan says: "Lost something?"
Morgan says: "I should have known you'd come here rather than follow proper procedure."
Morgan says: "And I did know."
Morgan says: "And that's why I came here."
Fry says: "Listen, Morgan, we're through."
Fry says: "You're an evil, heartless woman and I never wanna see you again."
Fry says: "However, would you help us get Bender back for old time's sake?"
Morgan points at the pile of red tubes.
Morgan says: "I'm afraid he's lost in the master in pile, and it would take some sort of giant, mechanical, atomic-powered sorting machine to find him."
Hermes says: "You rang?"
On another level of the room Hermes and LaBarbara spin around in a swivel chair.
Farnsworth says: "Damnit, Hermes, just jump already."
Farnsworth says: "Stop hogging that healthy liver."
Hermes says: "No, I want to live."
Hermes says: "Organising that forced-labour spa rekindled my lifelong love of bureaucracy."
LaBarbara says: "My Hermes got that hellhole running so efficiently that all the physical labour is now done by a single Australian man."
Leela says: "But how did you know we were here?"
Hermes says: "Dr."
Hermes says: "Zoidberg brought us."
Zoidberg says: "It was me!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm the hero!"
The bi-plane flies past Zoidberg and hovers next to the others. The wings are a desk, which a small man sits at.
Number 1.0 says: "Request for explanation of incident meeting?"
The bureaucrats gasp and duck behind their desks. Morgan gasps.
Morgan says: "Number 1."
Morgan says: "0."
Hermes says: "Number 1."
Number 1.0 says: "D-D-D-D-Don't quote me regulations."
Number 1.0 says: "I co-chaired the committee that reviewed the recommendation to revise the colour of the book that regulation's in."
Number 1.0 says: "We kept it grey."
Hermes says: "Sir, please, I must located the disk with my friend's brain on it."
Number 1.0 says: "Very well."
Number 1.0 says: "But your bureaucratic licence will be revoked if you fail to sort the master in pile by closing time: 1pm."
Leela looks up at a clock.
Leela says: "That's only four minutes from now."
Hermes takes off his jacket.
Hermes says: "Requisition me a beat."
Number 1.0 plays some music and Hermes slides down a tube onto the in pile.
With a foot and a half of water,.
Everyone was alright but I cried all night,.
It blew my alphabet blocks out of order,.
And they said, "This boy's born to be a bureaucrat,.
Born to be all obsessive and snotty,".
I made my friends and relations file long applications,.
To get into my 10th birthday party.
He scoops up some red tubes, slides down a tube and drops them into some filing cabinets. LaBarbara pop out of one of them.
LaBarbara says: "But something changed when my man turned pro."
Hermes says: "I was sortin' but I wasn't smilin'."
He throws a tube to LaBarbara and she catches it.
LaBarbara says: "He forgot that it's not about badges and ranks."
Hermes says: "It's supposed to be about the filing!"
Hermes says: "People!"
He jumps onto Number 1.0's desk and starts juggling the tubes.
We didn't choose to be bureaucrats,.
No, that's what almighty Jah made us,.
We treat people like swine,.
And make 'em stand in line,.
Even if nobody paid us!
He dives off the desk into the pile of red tubes.
They say we're anal, compulsive and weird,.
But when push comes to shove,.
You gotta do what you love,.
Even if it's not a good idea.
He slides down the pile and throws the red tubes around the other Planet Express staff like a knife thrower.
Zoidberg!
Zoidberg says: "They said I probably shouldn't be a surgeon."
Farnsworth says: "They pooh-poohed my electric frankfurter."
Leela says: "They said I probably shouldn't fly with just one eye."
A tube hits her in the eye.
Bender says: "I am Bender."
Bender says: "Please insert girder."
Hermes lays a tube across Bender's arms and he bends it, sending the red tubes flying off in another direction. Hermes rips off his shirt revealing a multi-coloured shirt underneath.
Hermes says: "Everybody sing Jamaica!"
He limbos under the flying tubes.
All says: "Jamaica!"
Hermes says: "Just the bureaucrats, Jamaica!"
Bureaucrats says: "Jamaica!"
Hermes says: "The grade 19's!"
Morgan looks around and reluctantly joins in.
Morgan says: "Jamaica."
Hermes starts a conga line with the bureaucrats.
Hermes says: "Sing me home!"
When push comes to shove,.
You gotta do what you love,.
Even if it's not a good idea!
He picks up a red tube, takes Bender's disk out of it and throws it into Bender's head. Bender's personality resurfaces.
Bender says: "I'm Bender, baby!"
Bender says: "Please insert liquor!"
The staff cheer Hermes.
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "Congratulations."
Number 1.0 says: "Congratulations indeed but you finished with one second to spare so I'm demoting you."
Number 1.0 says: "A good bureaucrat never finishes early."
He changes Hermes' badge from 36 to 38.
Amy says: "That's OK, Hermes."
Amy says: "At least we have you back."
Morgan says: "Not yet you don't."
Morgan says: "I'm still acting bureaucrat of Planet Express."
Morgan says: "And I have some changes to make."
Morgan says: "First, Fry, you're fired."
Hermes says: "Not so fast!"
Hermes says: "While I was sorting I came upon a certain document filed by one Morgan Proctor."
Hermes says: "Form B: Notification of Romantic Entanglement."
Fry says: "That's right, she fraternised me!"
Morgan says: "That form isn't about you."
Morgan says: "It refers to my high school prom date."
Morgan says: "It was a regulation date that ended in regulation disappointment."
Hermes says: "Yes, but you only stamped it four times!"
He slaps the paper down on Number 1.0's desk and the bureaucrats gasp. Morgan is horrified and steps away from the desk.
Morgan says: "No!"
Morgan says: "No!"
Morgan says: "I was young and reckless."
Number 1.0 looks at the form.
Number 1.0 says: "Bureaucrat Conrad, you are technically correct -- the best kind of correct."
Number 1.0 says: "I hereby promote you to grade 37."
Number 1.0 says: "Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!"
He flies away.
Farnsworth says: "Well, it looks like I'll be needing my heroic bureaucrat back."
Farnsworth says: "At severely-reduced pay, of course."
The staff cheer.
LaBarbara says: "It's better than nothing."
Fry says: "What about me?"
Fry says: "Can I come back at severely-reduced pay?"
Hermes says: "You got it, mon!"
Hermes says: "In fact, severely-reduced pay all around!"
Hermes says: "Come on, wife, let's blow this joint!"
She jumps on and they kiss and hover off somewhere.
Zoidberg says: "Now it's time for my song!"
Closing Credits.
Zoidberg says: "Aw."