[Opening Credits. Caption says: "No Humans Were Probed In The Making Of This Episode."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The Scary Door opening credits roll."
Narrator says: "Please send a man round back and pick up Clyde Smith, a professional gambler who's about to have an unfortunate accident."
Smith steps out into the road and is hit by a car. He wakes up in a casino in front of a one-armed bandit. He pulls the lever and three bars come up. The machine spews coins out into his lap. He laughs.
Smith says: "A casino where I always win?"
Smith says: "That's boring."
Smith says: "I must really be..."
Smith says: "in hell!"
A bearded man appears at his side.
Sebastian Cabot says: "No, Mr."
Sebastian Cabot says: "Smith."
Sebastian Cabot says: "You're not in heaven or hell."
Sebastian Cabot says: "You're on an aeroplane."
He pulls a curtain across. Smith looks out the window and sees a gremlin tearing up the wing.
Smith says: "There's a gremlin destroying the plane!"
Smith says: "You've gotta believe me!"
Sebastian Cabot says: "Why should I believe you?"
Sebastian Cabot says: "You're Hitler!"
He holds up a mirror and Smith sees his reflection.
Smith says: "Eva Braun!"
Smith says: "Help me!"
She takes of her facemask, revealing she is a human-fly. Smith screams. All of the Planet Express staff except Fry sit watching the TV.
Bender says: "Saw it comin'!"
Enter Fry.
Fry says: "I just saw something incredibly cool: A big, floating ball that lit up with every colour in the rainbow, plus some new ones that were so beautiful I fell to my knees and cried."
Amy says: "Was it out in front of Discount Shoe Outlet?"
Fry says: "Yeah."
Amy says: "They have a college kid wear that to attract customers."
Fry says: "Well I don't care if it was some dork in a costume."
Fry says: "For one brief moment I felt the heartbeat of creation, and it was one with my own."
Amy says: "Big deal!"
Bender says: "We all feel like that all the time."
Bender says: "You don't hear us gassin' on about it."
Fry says: "How can you people be so blasé?"
Fry says: "Here you are in the year 3000 or so, yet you just sit around like it's the boring time I came from."
Farnsworth says: "Boring?"
Farnsworth says: "Wasn't that the period when they cracked the human genome and boy bands roamed the Earth?"
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "But now it's the distant future."
Fry says: "Why aren't we out doing everything I ever dreamed of?"
Leela says: "Hey, you know what might be a hoot?"
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "Why would I know that?"
Leela says: "Let's take the rest of the morning off and take Fry to do everything he ever wanted to do."
Fry says: "Everything?"
Leela says: "Except that."
[Scene says: "A space station orbits a big green planet."
[Scene says: ""Sal's Wrecking Co" is painted on the side."
[Cut to says: "Sal's Wrecking Co."
[Cut to says: "Sal straps Fry into a seat."
Sal says: "Sos your fantasies has always been to destroys a planet, huh?"
Fry says: "Yeah, what did they ever do for me?"
He aims a gun at the planet, fires and blows the planet to pieces. He laughs while the others look on with blank expressions.
Leela says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "The most humdrum activities look almost exciting through your eyes."
Leela says: "What should we do next?"
Fry says: "I wanna see the edge of the universe!"
Amy says: "Ooh!"
Amy says: "That sounds cool."
Zoidberg says: "It's funny."
Zoidberg says: "You live in the universe, but you never do these things till someone comes to visit."
[Scene says: "Edge of The Universe."
[Scene says: "The ship approaches a black/white boundary."
Farnsworth says: "There it is!"
Farnsworth says: "The edge of the universe!"
The ship cruises towards the edge of space and lands in a parking space. The crew get out and walk to a wall separating space from the whiteness after it. Fry puts some money in some binoculars and looks through them. He sees a Planet Express crew from a parallel cowboy universe wave. He and the others wave back.
Fry says: "Far out!"
Fry says: "So there's an infinite number of parallel universes?"
Farnsworth says: "No, just the two."
Fry says: "Oh, well, I'm sure that's enough."
Bender says: "I'm sick of parallel Bender lording his cowboy hat over me!"
Bender says: "Let's move on to Fry's next fantasy."
[Scene says: "Jurassic Kiddie Park."
[Scene says: "Fry rides a Tyrannosaurus Rex."
Fry says: "Giddy-up!"
He laughs and cheers. A mother and daughter look on.
Girl says: "Mommy, why is that man like that?"
Mother says: "Don't look at him!"
Fry dismounts and hops over the wall to the others.
Fry says: "That was fun."
Fry says: "Let's give him a treat!"
He puts 5c in a "Dino-Feed" machine and it dispenses a live pig. He holds it up to the dinosaur. The pig squeals.
Leela says: "Keep your palms flat."
The dinosaur gobbles up the pig. Fry laughs.
Fry says: "The tongue tickles."
He laughs some more. He pulls his arms down but his hands aren't there.
[Scene says: "Outside Hand Crafters."
[Scene says: "The staff leave the store."
[Scene says: "Fry's new hands have a slightly darker skin tone."
Fry says: "These new hands are great."
Fry says: "I'm gonna break 'em in tonight."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, it's been quite an hour and a half."
Fry says: "I've only got two fantasies left: Be invisible in a chocolate factory and be romantically linked with a celebrity."
Bender says: "I could pound your head till you think that's what happened."
He pulls an iron bar out of his chest cabinet.
Fry says: "OK."
Leela says: "Wait, hold on."
Leela says: "It is actually possible to meet any celebrity you want."
Fry says: "It is?"
Leela says: "Of course!"
Leela says: "You should read a blimp sometime."
She points to a passing blimp advertising downloadable celebrities at nappster.com.
Fry says: "Download a celebrity from the Internet?"
Fry says: "What part of that do I understand?"
Leela says: "It's simple."
Leela says: "You can download a celebrity's personality and appearance into a blank robot."
Fry says: "Hey, I have an idea."
Fry says: "Let's do that!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Leela and Fry put on the net suits."
Farnsworth says: "Onto the Internet you go!"
Bender says: "Oh, and while you're there, pick me up a few credit card numbers."
Farnsworth connects Fry and Leela.
[Cut to says: "Internet Browser."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela materialize outside pentagon."
[Cut to says: "web, a top secret site which has just been hacked by robbers wearing masks."
[Cut to says: "They walk past oldtrek-vs-newtrek."
[Cut to says: "web where two Trekkies argue."
Trekkie #1 says: "No way!"
Trekkie #1 says: "Kirk could kick Picard's ass!"
Trekkie #2 says: "Yeah?"
Trekkie #2 says: "At least Picard had the guts to admit he was bald!"
Trekkie #1 says: "What?"
Trekkie #1 says: "You take that back!"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "eBay!"
[Cut to says: "eBay."
[Cut to says: "The Milky Way galaxy is up for sale."
Auctioneer says: "Are there no further bids for this exquisite galaxy?"
Auctioneer says: "Sold to The Being of Inconceivable Horror."
The Being of Inconceivable Horror laughs.
The Being of Inconceivable Horror says: "Will a money order be OK?"
Auctioneer says: "Yes."
The Being of Inconceivable Horror laughs again.
[Cut to says: "Internet Browser."
Fry says: "So where's the celebrity dating place?"
Leela says: "Let's search the web."
Leela says: "Over there."
Leela and Fry enter nappster.com.
[Cut to says: "nappster."
[Cut to says: "com."
Salesman says: "Welcome to Nappster."
Salesman says: "Let's see what celebrities we've got in stock."
Salesman says: "Can I interest you in Gwyneth Paltrow?"
Fry says: "Nah."
Fry says: "I read in Newsweek that she drinks human blood."
Salesman says: "Then, uh, how about Cleopatra, whose beauty destroyed mighty empires."
Fry says: "I'd prefer someone from the era of shaved underarms."
Fry says: "Do you have anything with more of a Lucy-Liu-feel to it?"
Salesman says: "Nah, nothing like that."
Salesman says: "Though we do have Lucy Liu."
Salesman says: "Only woman ever to be named People magazine's sexiest woman of the year twice."
Salesman says: "In 2003, and then again in 2063."
Fry says: "I'd like the 2003 model."
An image of Lucy Liu appears.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela take off their net helmets."
[Cut to says: "Fry hoots."
Fry says: "I've found her!"
Fry says: "What do I do now?"
Farnsworth says: "Download her."
Farnsworth says: "Let's just put a blank robot in the drive."
He lifts a basic robot out of a box of ten and hands it to Fry. Fry puts it in the drive. Lucy Liu is downloaded from the net and she appears on the robot. Fry gasps.
Fry says: "It worked!"
Liubot says: "You're one sexy man,  Philip J."
Liubot says: "Fry."
She leaps into his arms and kisses him. She pushes him to the floor.
Fry says: "It worked perfectly!"
Time Lapse. Fry gawps at the Liubot.
Leela says: "Well, you downloaded Lucy Liu."
Leela says: "Are you just going to stare vacantly at her and not say anything?"
Fry guffaws.
Liubot says: "I find your slack-jawed stare very attractive,  Philip J."
Liubot says: "Fry."
Fry says: "Did you hear that?"
Fry says: "She likes me!"
Farnsworth says: "Well, duh!"
Farnsworth says: "She's programmed to like you!"
Fry says: "But this is Lucy Liu!"
Fry says: "Perhaps the only good actress of the 21st century!"
Fry says: "She's more than just a piece of software."
Liubot says: "Would you like to take a moment to register me?"
Fry says: "Uh, not right now."
Liubot says: "I'll remind you later, you hot stud, you!"
Fry says: "So, uh, what do you feel like doing?"
Liubot says: "Would you like to take a moment to register me?"
Fry says: "I said later!"
[Scene says: "Dinkin' Donuts."
[Scene says: "Fry and the Liubot date."
[Scene says: "Fry gobbles donuts."
Fry says: "Then when I feel so stuffed I can't eat anymore, I just use the restroom, and then I can eat more."
Liubot says: "You should write a book, Fry."
Liubot says: "People need to know about the  can eat more."
Fry says: "Oh, Lucy!"
Fry says: "You're just like I always thought you'd be from your movies."
Liubot says: "My personality is mathematically derived from my movies, proportionally weighted by box office receipts."
Fry stares blankly then bites into a donut.
[Montage says: "Fry and the Liubot date to Wham!"
[Montage says: "'s Love Machine."
[Montage says: "First they drop steaks into the octopus tank at the Brooklyn Aquarium and the octopus eats it and wiggles it's tentacles around."
[Montage says: "Next, Fry eats a hotdog while the Liubot runs down a street with him on her shoulders."
[Montage says: "In the Planet Express lounge, Fry has a toy soldier war."
[Montage says: "He throws one at a fan and it ricochets in another direction."
[Montage says: "Liubot dives on Fry and pushes him under the table."
Time Lapse. Fry and Liubot sit on the couch.
Fry says: "You're cute!"
Liubot says: "You're cute!"
Fry says: "You!"
Liubot says: "You!"
Fry says: "You!"
Liubot says: "You!"
Fry says: "You!"
The staff watch.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear!"
Farnsworth says: "She's stuck in an infinite loop and he's an idiot."
Farnsworth says: "Well, that's love for you."
Bender says: "Humans dating robots is sick."
Bender says: "You people wonder why I'm still single?"
Bender says: "It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans!"
Leela says: "Bender, this is Fry's decision..."
Leela says: "and he made it wrong."
Leela says: "So it's time for us to interfere in his life."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Leela breaks the news to Fry."
Leela says: "She doesn't really love you."
Leela says: "She can't."
Bender says: "Stay away from our women!"
Bender says: "You got metal fever, boy!"
Bender says: "Metal fever!"
Fry says: "Well, so what if I love a robot?"
Fry says: "It's not hurting anybody."
Hermes says: "My God!"
Hermes says: "He never took middle school hygiene."
Hermes says: "He never saw the propaganda film."
Farnsworth says: "It's just lucky I keep a copy in the VCR at all times."
He presses a button and a film title, I Dated A Robot!, appears on the screen. In the movie a couple sit in a cafe and stare into each other's eyes. A narrator walks into the scene.
Narrator says: "But when a human dates an artificial mate, there is no purpose."
Narrator says: "Only enjoyment."
Narrator says: "And that leads to..."
Narrator says: "tragedy."
The woman behind him turns into a blank robot and the man downloads a celebrity onto it.
Billy says: "Neat-o!"
Billy says: "A Marilyn Monroe-bot!"
Monroe-bot says: "Billy Everyteen."
Narrator says: "Harmless fun?"
Narrator says: "Let's see what happens next."
The scene cuts to Billy's bedroom where he kisses the Monroe-bot. His mother walks through the door.
Billy's Mom says: "Billy, do you want to walk your dog?"
Billy says: "No thanks, Mom."
Billy says: "I'd rather make out with my Monroe-bot."
Enter his dad.
Billy's Dad says: "Billy, do want to get a paper route and earn some extra cash?"
Billy says: "No thanks, Dad."
Billy says: "I'd rather make out with my Monroe-bot."
The girl from the cafe, Mavis, walks in.
Mavis says: "Billy, do you want to come over tonight?"
Mavis says: "We can make out together."
Billy says: "Gee, Mavis, your house is across the street."
Billy says: "That's an awfully long way to go for making out."
Narrator says: "They're trapped!"
Narrator says: "Trapped in a soft, vice-like grip of robot lips."
Narrator says: "All civilisation was just an effort to impress the opposite sex..."
Narrator says: "and sometimes the same sex."
Narrator says: "Now, let's skip forward 80 years into the future."
Narrator says: "Where is Billy?"
The scene changes to a post-apocalyptic world. Billy is an aged man but still with his Monroe-bot and still making out with her.
Billy says: "Farewell!"
He dies.
Narrator says: "Have you guessed the name of Billy's planet?"
Narrator says: "It was Earth."
Narrator says: "Don't date robots!"
A "Don't Date Robots!" caption appears on the screen and the movie ends. The Space Pope is displayed on the screen with "Crocodylus Pontiflex" written around him in English and alien.
Announcer says: "Brought to you by the Space Pope."
Leela says: "Did that make any impression on you, Fry?"
Leela says: "Fry?"
She turns around and sees Fry and Liubot making out. Liubot giggles.
Liubot says: "Ooh!"
Farnsworth holds up another tape.
Farnsworth says: "I knew I should have shown him Electro Gonorrhoea: The Noisy Killer."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender sits in a chair and impersonates Archie Bunker from All In The Family."
Bender says: "What is the world coming to?"
Bender says: "That Fry's a sicko poivert, I tell you."
Bender says: "Dating a robot!"
Bender says: "It's an atrosmacy!"
Leela says: "But Fry's our friend, Bender."
Bender says: "Aw, jeez, would you stifle there, meatbag?"
Leela says: "You stifle, Bender."
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "Finally you're standing up to him."
Leela says: "Although he is completely right."
Bender says: "We've got to stem this tidal wave of moral decay."
Bender says: "It's time to shut down nappster."
Bender says: "com!"
[Scene says: "Nappster HQ."
[Scene says: "Enter Bender, Leela and Zoidberg."
Bender says: "Who's in charge of this dump?"
Jeff Jervis says: "That'd be me."
Jeff Jervis says: "If you're an investor you can dump your money in the hole there."
Bender says: "Listen, you fat Internet nerd."
Jeff Jervis says: "Listening."
Bender says: "Your company promotes wrong love!"
Bender says: "If you don't shut down right now the only thing wired about you will be your jaw!"
Jeff Jervis says: "Y-You can't shut us down."
Jeff Jervis says: "The Internet is about the free exchange and sale of other people's ideas."
Jeff Jervis says: "We've done nothing wrong."
Lucy Liu shouts from behind a door marked "Authorized Personnel Only".
Liu says: "Help!"
Liu says: "I'm being held prisoner!"
Zoidberg says: "Someone in trouble is!"
Jeff Jervis says: "No, stay out!"
Jeff Jervis says: "There's a..."
Jeff Jervis says: "guy going for the Tetris world record in there!"
He covers the door with himself and part of a sign covering the "nappster" sign falls away, revealing that "nappster" is really "kidnappster". Bender pushes Jervis out the way and he, Leela and Zoidberg run in.
[Cut to says: "Kidnappster HQ."
[Cut to says: "The room is filled with the heads in jars of such celebrities as Lucy Liu, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Nicole Kidman and George Michael."
Kidman says: "Who are you?"
Cheech says: "Don't hurt us!"
Liu says: "Help me!"
Liu says: "They've been holding me prisoner for 800 years."
Zoidberg says: "The real Lucy Liu!"
Zoidberg says: "The one you can see a movie of in the popcorn stadium."
Bender says: "So what's your problem?"
Liu says: "Those sweaty nerds are making illegal copies of us."
Liu says: "It hurts!"
Jervis knocks on the door.
Jeff Jervis says: "Open this door!"
Jeff Jervis says: "Don't make me call the maintenance guy."
Bender says: "It's a bluff!"
Leela says: "We can't take that chance."
Leela says: "Move, people, move!"
Michael says: "Please pick me up before you go-go."
Leela says: "She asked first."
She picks up Liu's jar and activates a pressure alarm. She replaces Liu's jar with that of Madeline Albright. Someone downloads her and she screams.
[Cut to says: "Nerd's Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "Albright is downloaded onto a blank robot."
[Cut to says: "There is a table and candles in the room."
Nerd says: "Um, are you Lucy Liu?"
The Albright-bot sees the table and smiles.
Albright-bot says: "Sure!"
[Scene says: "Outside Nappster HQ."
[Scene says: "Bender, Leela and Zoidberg climb out of a window with Liu's head and run away."
[Cut to says: "Nappster HQ."
[Cut to says: "Jervis and another man watch them on the screen."
Jeff Jervis says: "Oh, we're doomed."
Jeff Jervis says: "They got the head, they uncovered the sign!"
Jeff Jervis says: "Soon the whole world will learn we're cyber-criminals."
Jeff Jervis says: "And we would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those meddling adults."
Man says: "We'll stop them."
Man says: "They like Lucy Liu, we'll give them all the Lucy Liu they can handle!"
Man says: "Hand me that back-up disk."
He puts the disk in the drive and changes the "Liu-Mo-Tron" setting to "Erotic Assassin".
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
Zoidberg says: "Did you see me escaping?"
He woops.
Liu says: "Thanks for rescuing me."
Liu says: "Especially you, Bender."
Liu says: "Mmm."
Liu says: "Quite a masculine piece of metal, aren't you?"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Don't look at me like that."
Bender says: "If you're thinking of crossing the line with Bender, you can forget it."
Bender says: "Bender don't bend that way."
Leela says: "Hey, look."
Leela says: "It's another Lucy Liubot."
Liubot #2 says: "I am Lucy Liu."
Liubot #2 says: "Give me your spines."
She leaps into the air and lands between the four.
She kicks him then moves towards Bender and he backs away. She punches him.
Liubot #2 says: "Take this and that and one of these."
She grabs him between her legs and slams him against the pavement.
Liu says: "Hey!"
Liu says: "Cut it out!"
Liu says: "I don't need this kind of publicity!"
The Liubot gets up and moves towards Leela. She kicks her in the face and trips her over. Leela gets up.
Leela says: "Alright, Liu."
Leela says: "Time to kick your frosty, well-toned ass!"
Leela says: "Yah!"
She kicks her and the two fight. Leela gains the upper hand and kicks the Liubot against a fire hydrant.
Bender says: "Then along came Bender."
He turns the fire hydrant on and the Liubot starts to inflate.
Zoidberg says: "Looks like you're retaining water."
He snips it with his claws and it explodes. They cheer.
Liu says: "That was incredible, Bender."
Liu says: "You're like Jackie Chan before he got all doughy."
Bender says: "Oh, shucks!"
Bender says: "I wasn't afraid of that robot."
Bender says: "I'm pretty brave once you get past my macho exterior!"
Bender says: "It's an army of Lucy Lius!"
Leela and Zoidberg scream.
Liu says: "They're horrible!"
The Liubots flip over cars and kick over mailboxes.
Liubots says: "Take this and that and one of these."
A Liubot throws a man through a window.
Liubot #3 says: "Robot crouching tiger."
Liubot #4 says: "Robot crane style!"
They chase people down the street. At newsstand, Zapp reads a magazine.
Zapp says: "Now that's a wave of destruction that's easy on the eyes!"
A Liubot grabs him by the throat.
Liubot #5 says: "Hi-yah."
She throws him across the street and he lands in a sewer grate.
[Scene says: "Loew's-N-Plex."
[Scene says: "Fry and his Liubot watch the 2007 classic Charlie's Angels III: The Legend of Charlie's Gold."
Fry says: "This is the best movie I've ever seen."
Fry says: "It has a vampire and an explosion!"
Liubot says: "It's amazing the way you  notice two things."
Alex says: "No, don't open that coffin!"
Alex says: "It's ticking!"
Natalie says: "I have to, Alex."
Natalie says: "That coffin's not going to open itself."
The coffin opens itself and a vampire sits up.
Vampire says: "Bleurh!"
He explodes. Fry and Liubot make out. Enter Bender, Leela, Zoidberg and Lucy Liu.
Liu says: "Let's hide in here."
Liu says: "It'll add to my box office gross."
Leela says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "Aw, you guys came to watch me make out!"
Fry says: "That is so sweet."
Fry says: "Wait a minute!"
Fry says: "Is that the head of who I think it's of?"
Liu says: "Read the jar, Evelyn Wood!"
Liu says: "Dr."
Liu says: "Z?"
Zoidberg clacks.
Leela says: "Fry, a herd of Lucy Liu are destroying the city."
Leela says: "Is yours acting normally?"
Fry says: "Let me see."
Fry says: "Yep."
Fry says: "Why do you ask?"
Alex says: "Mr."
Alex says: "Mayor, if you want to see a real vampire, look in the mirror!"
Mayor says: "I can't!"
Mayor says: "I'm a vampire!"
The Liubots march through the screen and the audience screams. The Liubots knocks a few people over, rip up some chairs and batter people with them. One hits Zoidberg with a chair and he screams.
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Leela says: "And Nappster says illegal copies never hurt anybody."
Fry says: "Quick!"
Fry says: "This way!"
They all run to the projector room. The Liubots follow.
[Cut to says: "Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns around to the Liubots and indicates a sign."
Fry says: "Sorry, ladies."
Fry says: "Employees only."
A Liubot eats the sign and Fry screams and runs up the stairs. They run after him. He runs into the projector room and closes the door behind him.
[Cut to says: "Projector Room."
Leela says: "Oh, no."
Leela says: "They're forming a human pyramid..."
Leela says: "of robots."
The Liubots climb on each other.
Bender says: "Damnit!"
Bender says: "We weren't counting on them being as smart as they are sexy!"
Liu says: "A dangerous mistake to make."
Zoidberg presses a button and a door opens, revealing a huge bag of popcorn behind it.
Zoidberg says: "At least we've got food."
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, cut open that bag!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Leela says: "And don't eat it."
Zoidberg groans and cuts the bag. He is knocked over by the high pressure popcorn that shoots out of it. The popcorn flies out the window and knocks over the pyramid of Liubots.
Liubot #2 says: "Ow!"
Liubot #3 says: "System overload!"
Liubot #4 says: "Error!"
Liubot #5 says: "Does not compute."
The popcorn submerges the Liubots and everyone cheers.
Zoidberg says: "Life was bad but now it's good forever!"
The Liubots eat their way out of the popcorn and spit the kernels at the projector room like machine gun fire. Everyone screams and ducks.
Bender says: "You'll be safe in here, sweetheart."
Bender says: "Get lost, Pavarotti!"
He throws the head over his shoulder and puts Liu's head in.
Fry says: "Lucy Liubot, if I don't survive the corn, I want you to know that I love you as much as a man can love a computerised image of gorgeous celebrity."
Fry says: "Which it turns out is a lot."
Liubot says: "Oh, Fry, I love you more than the moon and the stars and the  poetic image number 37 not found."
She stands up and the popcorn hits her. She walks towards the window.
Fry says: "What are you doing, darling?"
Fry says: "Get down!"
The Liubot points the projector at the other Liubots. They starts to swell up.
Liubot #3 says: "Light hot."
Liubot #3 says: "Oil temperature rising."
Liubot #4 says: "Oh, no."
Liubot #5 says: "Malfunction."
Liubot #6 says: "This ain't good."
Liubot #7 says: "System error."
They explode. Fry's Liubot flickers on the floor.
Fry says: "You saved us."
Fry says: "Are you alright?"
Liubot says: "Yes, my love."
Liubot says: "I'll be just  massive corn clog in port seven."
Liu says: "Are you the last copy of me?"
Liubot says: "Yes."
Liu says: "Erase her, Fry."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "No!"
Liu says: "Fry, when you downloaded her without my permission, you stole my image, and in the end that's all I really have."
Liu says: "That and the largest gold nugget in the world, one mile in diameter."
Fry says: "But I just downloaded her because I love you."
Liu says: "If you love the real Lucy Liu and not just what you've seen in movies, genre-straddling lawyer shows and kiss-ass articles in People magazine, you'll blank out that robot."
Tears well up in Fry's eyes. The Liubot flickers.
Fry says: "I'm sorry."
Fry says: "Hug me, Liubot."
She does. Fry reaches behind her hair and presses the "erase" button.
Liubot says: "I'll always remember you, Fry--  Memory deleted."
Her image flickers away, leaving a battered blank robot.
Bender says: "I know it hurts, buddy."
Bender says: "But at least you're not in a sick relationship with a robot anymore."
Fry says: "Uh-huh."
Fry says: "And I guess now maybe I can get to know the real Lucy Liu."
Bender says: "Pft!"
Bender says: "Yeah, at our wedding!"
Liu says: "It's true."
Liu says: "Bender and I are in love."
Bender says: "Don't be a prude, Fry!"
He kisses Liu's jar while Fry looks on, eyes twitching.
Closing Credits.