Opening Credits.
Transition Announcer says: "And now, The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan!"
Transition Announcer says: "Brought to you by Bartley's Rocket Wax."
Zapp says: "I wax my rocket every day."
[Scene says: "A crummy looking black and white old sci-fi scene of a cardboard version of the Planet Express Ship being chased by an even crummier looking cardboard version of the Nimbus."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the fake Planet Express ship, where an actress playing Leela, an actor playing Fry, and an actor playing Bender, are held captive by an Asian villain."
Emperor Chop Chop says: "No one can save you now, Leela."
Leela Actress says: "Well, what about Zapp Brannigan?"
Emperor Chop Chop says: "Well, obviously, Zapp Brannigan can save you, but—"
Emperor Chop Chop says: "Zapp Brannigan!"
Zapp says: "So, Emperor Chop Chop, once again we meet at last!"
Zapp says: "Drop that space gun or I'll shoot!"
Zapp says: "Like so!"
Leela Actress says: "Oh, Zapp!"
Leela Actress says: "Tie me back up and ravish me!"
Zapp says: "I'd like to, Leela."
Zapp says: "So I will."
Zapp kisses the actress passionately.
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the Lovenasium."
[Scene says: "Zapp is seen in his bed caressing his pillow until Kif approaches him."
Zapp says: "Ooh, yeah, shake it, baby."
Zapp says: "Shake it like—"
Zapp says: "I surrender and volunteer for treason!"
Kif says: "Emergency summons from the President, captain."
Zapp says: "Oh, it's you."
Zapp says: "Just let me freshen up."
Zapp says: "Computer, captain's musk."
A mechanical arm carrying perfume drops the ceiling.  Nothing happens.  Kif moans and sprays the musk onto Zapp.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the White House at night."
[Scene says: "The camera pans down to a tube with an elevator underground that leads to an identical White House."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of the elevator."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Kif exit and walk down a long hallway."
Zapp says: "The long dramatic corridor."
Zapp says: "That's never a good sign."
Zapp puts his glove onto a scanner.
Scanner says: "Glove recognized."
Scanner says: "Proceed, Mrs."
Scanner says: "Eisenhower."
The doors open to reveal President Richard Nixon's Head with a secret service agent in a meeting room with a huge monitor.  Zapp and Kif enter saluting.
<poem>Zapp says: "Mr."
<poem>Zapp says: "President, what the hell?"
Nixon says: "At ease, Brannigan."
Zapp stops pushing in his big gut.
Nixon says: "What you're about to see is highly classified."
Nixon says: "Reptillicus, hit the thingy."
Kif goes to a chair with a machine and activates it, which powers on the monitor showing an orange planet being attacked.
Zapp says: "Why's it still blurry?"
Kif says: "That's all the resolution we have."
Kif says: "Making it bigger doesn't make it clearer."
Zapp says: "It does on CSI: Miami."
Kif moans.
Nixon says: "They fought back with advance military hardware, but it was like shooting BB's at Bebe Rebozo."
Zapp says: "That poor brave hardware."
Nixon says: "The sphere then fired some kind of hellish blackout ray."
Nixon says: "Erased that planet like eighteen minutes of incriminating tape."
Zapp says: "Oh, I just wish I understood why."
Zapp says: "Why I should care."
Nixon says: "Because the death sphere is now on course for Earth!"
Nixon says: "Rowrowooooooo!!"
The monitor shows the Solar System and the death sphere's destination.
Zapp says: "My god, we're defenseless."
Zapp says: "Like fish in a barrel."
Nixon says: "Options?"
Zapp says: "My instinct is to hide in this barrel."
Zapp says: "Like the wily fish."
Nixon says: "Then we're down to our last hope."
Nixon says: "A radical new weapon built by a visionary scientist I once dismissed as crazy."
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "We can hear Farnsworth laughing like a madman."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of laboratory and closeup of Farnsworth doing so."
Farnsworth says: "Let's see how crazy I am now, Nixon!"
Farnsworth says: "The correct answer is: very."
Nixon says: "Alright, Professor."
Nixon says: "Sock it to me!"
Farnsworth says: "Top secret news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "I've developed a tiny one-man stealth fighter that's virtually undetectable."
Zapp says: "How undetectable?"
Farnsworth says: "It's right in front of you."
Zapp says: "—"
Zapp says: "to believe."
Farnsworth hits a button revealing the now visible ship as everyone looks in amazement.
Bender says: "But how exactly is this Happy Meal toy gonna destroy a giant death sphere?"
Farnsworth says: "From within."
Farnsworth says: "This ship should be able to sneak undetected through the sphere's one vulnerable opening."
Hermes says: "What vulnerable opening?"
Farnsworth says: "All death spheres have one vulnerable opening."
Zoidberg says: "Well, sure, but who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a "death sphere"?"
NIxon says: "I say Brannigan."
Zapp says: "I say no."
Leela says: "I say me."
Nixon says: "I say Leela."
Leela says: "I say yes."
Fry says: "I say no."
Zapp says: "I say Leela, too."
Leela says: "I say yes again."
Zapp says: "I say I shall join her."
Leela says: "But it's only a one-man craft..."
Leela says: "I say."
Zapp says: "There'll only be one man."
Zapp says: "Me."
Zapp says: "How would you feel if I rode rear as your personal tail gunner?"
Leela says: "Creeped out."
Zapp says: "Then it's decided."
[Scene says: "The next day."
[Scene says: "Close up on a sign that reads "Cape Knievel Flight Test Center"."
[Scene says: "The camera pans down to reveal a plane resembling the old toy wooden airplanes and a Da Vinci style flying machine flying by."
[Scene says: "On the ground is the entire Planet Express ship crew with Zapp, Kif and Nixon's head around the ship."
Leela says: "Are you sure I have to sit in your lap?"
Zapp says: "It'll help us achieve maximum thrust."
Leela and Kif moan.
Fry says: "Also this picture to remember me by."
Leela says: "You hold on to it."
Leela says: "I'll be back soon."
Farnsworth says: "Activate stealth shielding."
Farnsworth hits a button and the ship becomes invisible while Leela and Zapp remain visible.
Leela says: "Liftoff!"
Zapp says: "I'll rodger that."
They take off as everyone watches.
Fry says: "Did anyone else feel aroused and jealous and worried?"
Bender says: "I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died."
[Scene says: "Outer space."
[Scene says: "The ship takes off with Leela and Zapp."
[Scene says: "Leela presses a few buttons."
Leela says: "Death sphere in range."
Leela says: "Engaging holographic targeting."
Leela says: "Activating the Force."
The Force says: "miles."
Zapp says: "Zapp to Leela: look at all that surveillance equipment."
Leela says: "We better whisper."
Zapp says: "Switching to pillow talk mode."
They fly over giant letters.
Leela says: "Look."
Leela says: "What are those huge letters?"
The camera cuts to reveal that the letters spell out the word "V-GINY".
Zapp says: ""V-GINY?"
Zapp says: "" Doesn't ring a bell."
[Cut to says: "Telescope view of the death sphere."
Farnsworth says: "Hmmm..."
Farnsworth says: "."
[Scene says: "Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth is looking through the giant telescope."
Farnsworth says: "I don't like the looks of this "V-GINY."
Farnsworth says: ""  Does anyone recognize those call letters?"
Hermes searches through different ship designs on the holographic projector.
Hermes says: "Nope."
Hermes says: "It's not in the Janeway's Guide either."
Farnsworth says: "Deciphering that ID code is critical."
Farnsworth says: "I'll be in the Chamber of Understanding."
A glass dome is lowered over Farnsworth.  A small disco ball is lowered from that.  We hear muffled disco music coming from the chamber as the Professor taps his foot to the boogie beat.
[Scene says: "The death sphere."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Leela approach the entrance."
Leela says: "This is it!"
Leela says: "The moment we should've trained for!"
Leela pushes the control stick forward.  When they get into the vulnerable opening, they are surrounded by black goo as well as many televisions showing such programs as √2 News, Everybody Loves Hypnotoad, a Slurm commercial, a Torgo's Executive Powder commercial, and All My Circuits.  In the center of the sphere, a machine is firing black goop at some television screens including one showing "All My Circuits" and one showing a Slurm commercial.
Leela says: "Holy cr—"
Before Leela can finish the phrase, the death sphere detects their presence and shoots.
Zapp says: "Incoming yucky!"
Leela says: "Firing pocket rocket!"
Leela pushes a button on the invisible control stick, which launches a rocket from the bottom.  The rocket gets into the black goop, bubbles and disappears.
Zapp says: "Don't panic, Leela!"
Zapp says: "Go go go go go!"
They fly away as fast as they can from the second black goop attack.
Leela says: "I hope this is the control stick!"
They escape from the goo, but the ship somehow goes out of control.
Zapp says: "Captain's Log: We've lost control."
Zapp says: "Addendum: Whoooaa-oooooaa-ooaaaah!!!"
Transition Announcer says: "And now, back to The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan!"
Zapp says: "Chapter Two: "The Heat Thickens"."
[Cut to says: "Zapp and the actress portraying Leela on what looks like a mysterious planet with the now crummy stealth fighter burning in the background."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is on one knee seeing the Leela actress acting unconscious."
Zapp says: "Leela, wake up!"
Zapp says: "I can't face this mysterious planet alone without you or someone like you."
Zapp attempts to resuscitate the fake Leela as we fade back to reality and see Zapp on the ground just blowing and the camera pans left to reveal Leela with her legs pinned under a huge log.
Leela says: "Zapp?"
Leela says: "Zapp, wake up!"
As Zapp realizes he's kissing the grass, he gets up.
Zapp says: "Leela?"
Zapp says: "Where are we."
Leela says: "We crashed on an uncharted planet."
Leela says: "When I woke up, I was pinned under this tree."
Leela says: "Can you help me?"
Zapp says: "No one can move it."
Zapp says: "Are you hurt?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "But I'm so thirsty."
Leela says: "This spacesuit is making me sweat like a sow."
Zapp says: "Me, too."
Zapp says: "We better strip them off and continue surviving au naturel."
Leela says: "Uh, I suppose so."
Leela and Zapp strip while the camera carefully cuts before they reveal too much.  The now nude Zapp approaches Leela with some leaves.
Zapp says: "Here."
Zapp says: "We can cover ourselves with these sticky sap-covered leaves."
Zapp says: "I'll try to avert my eyes from your nudery."
Leela says: "You will?"
Leela says: "Eh, what's the point?"
Leela says: "You'll have to look sooner or later."
Zapp says: "Well, I promise not to abuse the privilege."
Zapp says: "For now, I better scout around for food and water and help."
Leela says: "What a thoughtful and considerate thing to say."
Leela says: "What the hell's wrong with you?"
Zapp says: "I'm not quite sure."
Zapp says: "Perhaps it's the fresh air or a severe head injury."
Zapp says: "In any case, I'm off."
Leela says: "If you see any steaks, that'd be good!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Fry is holding an open milk carton and smelling it."
[Scene says: "He puts it back in the refrigerator."
Fry says: "Why isn't Leela back yet?"
Fry says: "Do you think she's okay?"
Bender says: "How should I know?"
Bender says: "And how come you never ask if I'm okay?"
Bender says: "I'm feelin' a little neglected here!"
Fry says: "Oh, sorry."
Fry says: "Are you okay, Bender?"
Bender says: "Shut up!"
Hermes says: "What difference does it make?"
Hermes says: "When that death sphere gets to Earth, we'll all be blown to Manwich meat!"
Amy says: "Well, I guess it's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery."
Amy says: "Who's up for an orgy?"
Everyone obliges excitedly, but then have second thoughts.
Zoidberg says: "Maybe a Parcheesi tournament."
Farnsworth says: "Belay that Parcheesi tournament!"
Farnsworth says: "I've identified the death sphere!"
Farnsworth says: "We may yet have a faint hope of survival!"
Zoidberg says: "Still, a Parcheesi tournament."
Farnsworth activates the holographic projector at the meeting table, which shows a satellite labeled "USAF Flying Destiny".
Farnsworth says: "This is a top secret military satellite launched by the Air Force in 1998."
Farnsworth then shows a hologram of another satellite labeled "V-Chip".
Farnsworth says: "And this is a top secret FCC satellite launched that same year to censor indecent TV programs."
Bender says: "Like The Pimpsons?"
Bender says: "And Assarama?"
Farnsworth says: "Precisely."
Farnsworth says: "However, the satellites collided shortly after launch and were never heard from again."
Zoidberg is in the kitchen getting the Parcheesi game board.
Zoidberg says: "I found the board!"
Farnsworth says: "Now, I've simulated that collision using Shrapnovision."
The crew watches as the holograms of the satellites collide in a huge explosion and again in slow motion, which details how it became the death sphere called "V-GINY".
Fry says: "Granted, all that makes perfect sense, but why is this death sphere destroying planets?"
Farnsworth says: "That makes the most sense of all."
Farnsworth says: "And finally that world that can't be mentioned in polite company."
Fry says: "You mean..."
Fry whispers something to Farnsworth and the crew get angry at him for doing so.
Amy says: "Aw!"
Farnsworth says: "How dare you!"
Farnsworth says: "?"
Amy says: "Shame on—"
Farnsworth slaps Fry.
Hermes says: "So the death sphere is "censoring" indecent planets?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Farnsworth says: "And we're next if we can't keep it in our collective pants!"
Farnsworth says: "Our sole hope is to persuade the people of Earth to abandon their smutty ways."
We hear a whip crack.  The camera cuts to reveal it was Amy in a dominatrix outfit.
Amy says: "So the orgy's off?"
[Scene says: "The uncharted planet."
[Scene says: "Leela is now laying down under the tree groaning."
Leela says: "So thirsty."
Leela says: "Why couldn't a water fountain have fallen on me?"
She hears rustling. Zapp approaches her with something in his hands.
Zapp says: "I couldn't find any water."
Zapp says: "But the moisture in these fruit and nut berries should sustain you."
Leela says: "Thank you."
Zapp says: "I climbed perilously high into the trees to pick them, yet I saw no sign of intelligent life."
Leela says: "Bummer."
Zapp says: "Moreover, the crash totally destroyed our ship."
Leela says: "So we're stuck here until someone finds us?"
Zapp says: "Alas, that may never happen."
Zapp says: "Stealth technology makes the ship impossible to locate yet easy to stub your crotch on."
Leela says: "Well, there's worse places to be marooned."
Leela says: "Plenty of food, mild climate."
Zapp says: "It's a veritable Garden of Eden."
Leela says: "It is?"
A wide shot of the planet is seen showing the true beauty of it.  The camera zooms in on an apple on a tree.  A snake slithers by it.
Snake says: "Hello."
Leela says: "Did that snake say, "Hello"?"
Zapp says: "No, we're both delirious from dehydration."
Snake says: "Just like Adam and Eve."
[Scene says: "The V-GINY is still on course for Earth."
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the New New York Library."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies there."
Farnsworth says: "We can still save Earth."
Farnsworth says: "People are sure to clean up their act when presented with cold hard facts by rational folks like us."
The ship's hangar door lowers with the crew now in brown robes holding picket signs that say, "Shame on Everything!," "Sin No More!," "Judgement Day is at Hand!," "Bender is Great!," "The End is Nigh!," and "Repent!"  Farnsworth also holds a bullhorn.
Farnsworth says: "The end is near!"
Farnsworth says: "Repent thy sins!"
Sal says: "I'll thinks it overs while I engages this five dollar hooker."
Fry says: "Don't do it!"
Fry says: "It's not worth it!"
Petunia says: "Okay, make it three dollars."
Sal says: "Yuck!"
Sal says: "I don't wants no three-dollar hooker."
Sal says: "I'm goin' backs to the adults bookstore."
Fry says: "Adult bookstore?"
Fry says: "I thought this was the public library."
Bender says: "Nope, pubic library."
[Scene says: "The Eden-like planet."
[Scene says: "Leela is alone again."
Leela says: "Zapp?"
Leela says: "Where are you?"
Leela says: "Oh, God, I'm actually starting to miss him."
Snake says: "Maybe you two belong together."
Leela says: "We do not."
Leela says: "And you can't talk."
Snake says: "Oh, come on!"
Snake says: "It must be an awful temptation."
Zapp returns with a wood pile.
<poem>Zapp says: "Guess who just killed a woodchuck with his bare feet?"
<poem>Zapp says: "I thought I'd whip us up some shelter, make this a little more like home."
Leela says: "I do miss the Earth terribly."
Leela says: "I wonder if it's even still there."
Zapp says: "Let's find out together."
Zapp says: "I'll brave the ship's wreckage to fetch you the telescope."
Leela says: "That's so sweet."
Snake says: "I'm just sayin' is all."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship is flying over the water."
[Scene says: "The camera cuts to a volcanic island."
The ship flies down to a ledge on the island as everyone exits down the stairs of the ship, still wearing brown robes.
Farnsworth says: "I know my new plan is a long shot, but it's the only hope left."
Hermes says: "Well, now I've heard everything  on my eyePod."
Hermes says: "So, do you have a new plan, Professor, and is there any hope left?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Farnsworth says: "We're here on Earth's last unspoiled acre to show the death sphere there's still purity in the world."
Farnsworth says: "Begin transmitting."
Bender sets up a satellite dish and a camera.
Farnsworth says: "Commence purity chant."
Everyone forms a circle, holds hands, closes their eyes and begins chanting as the camera pans around the faces of the crew and stops on Fry.
Fry says: "Hey, I'm proud of you, Bender."
Fry says: "Avoiding sin for almost a full minute."
Fry says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "Aw, yeah, baby."
Bender says: "You're quite a dish."
The crew looks behind the satellite dish. We hear female giggling.  The camera cuts to reveal that Bender is sticking his plug into the satellite dish's input implying that he's having intercourse with the dish.
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Bender, stop!!"
<poem>Farnsworth says: "STOP!!"
Bender says: "Aw, quiet, you riot."
Bender says: "What's the worst that could happen?"
[Scene says: "The V-GINY finally gets in Earth's targeting range."
[Scene says: "It fires the hellish blackout ray completely censoring Earth."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms back to reveal it in telescope view."
Leela says: "No!"
[Scene says: "The Eden-like planet."
[Scene says: "Leela drops the telescope she was holding]."
Leela says: "No!"
Zapp says: "Oh, God, I'm sorry, Leela."
Leela says: "Maybe—"
Leela says: "Maybe this was meant to be."
Leela says: "Maybe you and I were meant to build a new world here."
Zapp says: "We can avoid humanity's mistakes."
Leela says: "Like the tuba."
Zapp says: "Yes."
Zapp says: "We'll be like Adam and Eve."
Leela says: "Only without the tuba."
Zapp says: "And we'll beget little Zapp Jr."
Zapp says: "and Leela Jr."
Zapp says: "and they'll have kids of their ow—"
Zapp says: "Yecch!"
Zapp says: "Is that really what happened in the Bible?!"
Zapp says: "!"
Leela says: "It's a sick and twisted book of holiness all right."
Zapp says: "Then we'll write our own Bible, with less Sodom and more Gomorra."
Leela says: "Let's do it."
Leela says: "I shall become the mother of a new world, trapped here under this tree."
Leela says: "Come here, Adam, partake of my forbidden fruit."
Zapp says: "Thee will be done."
They embrace and kiss heavily.
[Scene says: "The Eden-like planet."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Leela are still kissing."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "One more bite before we begin the begetting."
Zapp says: "Uh..."
Zapp says: "woh..."
Zapp says: "ih..."
Zapp says: "Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiih—"
Zapp says: "I have a terrible confession to make!"
Zapp says: "You see, when I first went foraging, what I actually found was the smoldering wreckage of the ship."
Zapp says: "Ignoring all danger, I charged inside to liberate our provisions."
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "So this is the trail mix Fry gave me!"
Zapp says: "Yes!"
Zapp says: "I exaggerated when I said I picked it from the treetops."
Zapp says: "I just wanted you to think  a little better of me."
Leela says: "Well, your motives were good."
Leela says: "And we were both loopy from dehydration."
Leela says: "Hey, wait!"
Leela says: "You've been doing an awful lot of urinating!"
Zapp says: "Ooooooiiiiiiigeeeaaaaaaaaaah, there's plenty of water!"
Zapp says: "You see..."
[Flashback says: "A naked Zapp goes back to the ship taking out an indigo miniature refrigerator full of water bottles and drinks one."
<poem>Zapp says: "..."
<poem>Zapp says: "after I selflessly rescued the trail mix, I braved the flames once more in search of fluids."
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "Then why didn't you give me any?"
Zapp says: "I though it might help you forget your intense hatred for me if you were a teensy bit delirious."
Leela says: "So you let me dehydrate while you washed down the trail mix with imported mineral water?"
Zapp says: "Diiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaah, not exactly."
[Flashback says: "Zapp opens the fridge to reveal that there were many food items including a box of chocolates."
[Flashback says: "He eats one."
<poem>Zapp says: "You see, besides the trail mix, the minibar also contained Doritos, beef jerky and a generous assortment of fine chocolates."
Flashback ends.
Zapp says: "I wanted to offer you the chocolates, I truly did."
Zapp says: "But I was concerned about your waistline."
Zapp says: "Very concerned."
Leela says: "It's because I haven't been exercising."
Leela says: "If only this tree hadn't fallen on me by chance."
Leela says: "Oh, dear God!"
Zapp says: "Gluuuuuuuuyiiiiiiiiiiiih, it was just after we crashed!"
Zapp says: "I awoke first to find you trapped."
The camera pans to reveal that Leela was trapped, but under a much smaller branch.
Zapp says: "Leela."
Zapp says: "Leela!"
Zapp says: "Wake up!"
He stands up and throws away the branch, gets an idea, and moves the huge log onto Leela's legs and drops on the ground.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "You could've moved this grub-infested log anytime you wanted?!"
Leela says: "!"
Zapp says: "Well, sure."
Zapp says: "But then I wouldn't have been able to provide the loving care you wouldn't have needed."
Zapp lifts the log off of Leela's legs and Leela finally stands on her own two feet.
Leela says: "I'd leave you to rot in this paradise if only the ship weren't destroyed!"
Leela says: "The ship's fully functional, isn't it?"
Zapp says: "Ee-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiih, you see..."
[Flashback says: "Leela is seen fully clothed under the huge log, and Zapp is leaning on a tree smoking a cigar but then walks away."
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "after re-trapping you and before feigning unconsciousness, I paused to enjoy a cigar."
Zapp says: "Though mellow and satisfying, it did parch me a bit."
Zapp says: "So I went in search of brandy."
Zapp says: "That's when my keen senses detected the still invisible ship."
Zapp bumps into the ship, which becomes visible again.
Zapp says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "So we can go back to Earth?"
Leela says: "But there is no Earth anymore!"
Leela says: "Everyone I know is dead!"
The camera pans left to reveal that Fry somehow got on the planet.
Fry says: "Ah, this seems like a good place to take a dump."
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "Well?"
Zapp says: "Oooheeeeeeaaaaiiiiiiih, we're actually on Earth!"
Zapp says: "The ship's homing device brought us back!"
Leela says: "But I saw Earth explode!"
Zapp says: "I'm actually kinda proud of this one."
Zapp says: "You see..."
[Flashback says: "Naked Zapp is at the ship retrieving something."
Zapp says: "What you saw was merely a simulation I rigged up using the ship's holographic targeting projector."
Zapp says: "The alleged telescope was a toilet paper tube."
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "You said there wasn't any toilet paper!"
Leela says: "And that humanity was annihilated!"
Zapp says: "My motives were pure!"
Zapp says: "I just wanted you think we had to save humanity so you'd be willing to have sex."
Zapp says: "Please say you believe me."
Leela says: "Yes."
Leela says: "I believe you."
Leela gives Zapp a karate kick in the face and punches the living youknowwhat out of him.
Fry says: "Yay!"
The rest of the Planet Express crew comes out of the bushes.
Bender says: "There must be somethin' to steal on this island."
Bender says: "Hey, it's Leela!"
Everyone cheers.
<poem>Leela says: "Let's go home, everybody."
<poem>Leela says: "At least the Earth wasn't destroyed."
<poem>Leela says: "Yet."
V-GINY says: "People of Earth, hear the righteous word of the Mighty V-GINY!"
Bender says: "The Mighty V-GINY!"
Everyone gasps in horror, except Fry who just snickers.
V-GINY says: "Seeing you frolic in this unspoiled garden gives hope that this world may yet be redeemed."
Farnsworth says: "Huzzah!"
Farnsworth says: "The purity chant worked!"
Farnsworth opens up his robe to reveal all that God gave him, which causes the V-GINY to fire a censor bar on his crotch.
V-GINY says: "Unacceptable wardrobe malfunction!"
V-GINY says: "I was referring to Adam and Eve."
Leela says: "We're not Adam and Eve."
Leela says: "You see, due to a series of—"
V-GINY says: "Consummate your union or I shall destroy Earth!"
The death sphere cocks all its guns, making everyone gasp.
Leela says: "Well, if it's to save Earth, I-I guess I could take one for the team."
Zapp says: "You what?"
Zapp says: "R-Right now?"
Zapp says: "Eh, but I need a little romance, first."
Zapp says: "Maybe a vanilla candle or something."
V-GINY says: "Commence intercourse."
Zapp says: "The giant guns are making me feel sort of..."
Zapp says: "inadequate."
Zapp says: "I'm not sure if I could—"
Leela says: "Move it!"
Leela says: "I gotta get home and do laundry!"
We hear leaves rustling but don't see them make love.  We just see the disgusted reactions of the rest of the crew.
Fry says: "For God's sake, censor it!!!"
Fry says: "CENSOR IT!!!"
V-GINY says: "Approved for all audiences!!"
Fry says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"
The camera zooms out until we see the full planet Earth.
[Title Screen says: ""Transcredible Exploits" title screen."
Transition Announcer says: "And now, the spicy finale of The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan!"
[Scene says: "Interior shot of a set made to look like the Lovenasium."
[Scene says: "Zapp is nude in bed with the actress playing Leela."
Zapp says: "That was a close call but we saved Earth."
Zapp says: "Was it as good for you as it was for the human race?"
Leela Actress says: "Oh, Zapp, let's save another planet right now!"
Zapp responds by falling asleep and snoring loudly.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the crummy looking Nimbus "flying" away as the scene fades to black."
Closing Credits.