[Advertisement says: "Fry, Bender and Leela are in an oval."
Announcer says: "..."
Announcer says: "Thompson's Teeth: The only teeth strong enough to eat other teeth."
The man eats a spoonful of teeth from a bowl.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Bender's Humor by Microsoft Joke."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table and Zoidberg wears a suit."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "Today marks our dear friend Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg's 10th year with Planet Express."
Farnsworth says: "Huzzahs are in order."
Fry says: "Huzzah!"
Leela says: "Huzzah!"
Amy says: "Huzzah!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray for me!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray for Zoidberg!"
Hermes says: "I will now read the mandatory speech."
Hermes says: "Dear employee."
Hermes says: "Has it really been five, 10 or 15 years?"
Hermes says: "If not, please disregard this and get back to work."
Hermes says: "Distribute token of appreciation and applaud."
He gives Zoidberg an envelope and claps. Zoidberg opens it and takes out two coupons.
Zoidberg says: "Look!"
Zoidberg says: "Coupons!"
Zoidberg says: "I can get two oil changes for the price of one!"
Zoidberg says: "Now if I could only afford the one..."
Zoidberg says: "and the car."
Zoidberg says: "Ah, the years!"
Hermes says: "Yes, yes."
Hermes says: "Now here's your pension statement."
Hermes says: "It's empty because you haven't paid into it, you dumb stinkbug!"
Zoidberg wipes away a tear.
Zoidberg says: "You kept track of it all these years!"
He hugs Hermes. Fry smacks his head.
Fry says: "Oh, no, I'm boned!"
Fry says: "I haven't paid into the pension either."
Fry says: "What'll I do when I retire?"
Bender says: "I thought you were retired."
Fry says: "Hey, I don't see you planning for your old age."
Bender says: "I got plans."
Bender says: "I'm gonna turn my on/off switch to "off"."
Fry says: "Well I'm gonna take action."
Fry says: "It's time to check on my retirement fund."
Fry says: "Damn!"
Fry says: "Still only $100."
Franklin says: "A penny saved is a penny earned."
Franklin says: "Also, could you get some athlete's foot cream for my face?"
Fry says: "He's right!"
Fry says: "I've gotta start investing wisely."
[Scene says: "Outside 7^11."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the kerb."
[Scene says: "Bender drinks beer."
Fry says: "Well, I'm down to my last lottery ticket."
Fry says: "Mule."
Fry says: "Crud!"
Bender says: "So, you got six bucks left to retire on."
Bender says: "I recommend Tender Vittles."
[Scene says: "Big Apple Bank."
Teller says: "You're opening a retirement account for $6?"
Teller says: "I'm sure a wealthy..."
Teller says: "..."
Teller says: "mule farmer like yourself is aware that we charge a $10 monthly fee."
Fry says: "You gotta spend money to make money."
The teller presses some buttons.
Teller says: "Here you are, sir."
Teller says: "Your account is now overdrawn by $4."
An orange robot in the queue behind Bender becomes impatient and nudges Bender.
Robot says: "Gee, I've seen lines move faster in a sperm bank."
Bender says: "That's for sure--  Roberto!"
Bender says: "Is that you?"
Roberto says: "Bender!"
Roberto says: "Hey, man!"
He punches Bender's body a few times and then in the head which makes it spin. Bender stops it from spinning and laughs.
Bender says: "You old lunatic!"
Bender says: "How you been?"
Roberto says: "Not bad, not bad."
Roberto says: "Everybody on the floor!"
Roberto says: "This is a stick-up!"
The customers scream and do as he says. Fry screams and hides behind a plant. Bender seems oblivious.
Bender says: "Yeah, I'm doing OK too."
Bender says: "I'm taking a Chinese cooking class at the Learning Annex."
Roberto says: "Cool."
Roberto says: "Ca-Can you give me a hand here?"
Bender says: "Sure thing, pal."
He picks up the bag. Fry moves behind the plant.
Roberto says: "Hey, you!"
Roberto says: "Red!"
Roberto says: "Quit watering that plant and get the door!"
Fry runs for the door and kicks a woman on the way.
Bender says: "Well, nice talking to you."
Roberto says: "Same here."
Roberto says: "You guys are alright!"
Roberto says: "Here's something for your trouble."
He gives then a bag each and leaves.
[Cut to says: "Outside Big Apple Bank."
[Cut to says: "Roberto runs off down the street."
Bender says: "Hey, thanks, buddy!"
Police cars pull up around the door and Smitty and URL jump on Fry and Bender.
[Cut to says: "Big Apple Bank."
Smitty says: "Freeze, punks!"
Smitty says: "You're under arrest!"
Nixon says: "Shoot them in the back!"
Nixon says: "Quick!"
Nixon says: "While they're not looking!"
[Scene says: "Famous Original Ray's Superior Court."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender are represented by the Hyper-Chicken lawyer."
[Scene says: "Bender wears a tie and jacket."
Bailiff says: "Court is in session."
Bailiff says: "The Honourable Judge Whitey presiding."
Whitey says: "The charge is bank robbery."
Whitey says: "Now, my caddie chauffeur informs me that a bank is a place where people put money that isn't properly invested."
Whitey says: "Therefore, robbing a bank is tantamount to that most heinous of crimes, theft of money."
He bangs his gavel.
Time Lapse. A surveillance camera is in the witness box.
Hyper-Chicken says: "As the surveillance camera for the bank what all the judge was a-jawing about, could y'all tell us what you done seen the day of the crime?"
Camera says: "Well, let's see."
It projects a black and white picture of Fry and Bender taking the money from Roberto. The court gasps.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, I move that I be disbarred for introducing this evidence against my own clients."
Time Lapse. Fry is in the witness box.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Mr."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Fry, do you recognise the robot a-huggin' on you in this here hologram?"
Fry says: "I sure do!"
Fry says: "That's the real robber and I'll never forget his name as long as I live."
The projection goes off and Fry gasps. He sees a badly-disguised Roberto at the back of the court. He waves his knife at Fry. Fry chokes.
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "Just give a name."
Leela says: "You don't wanna look stupid on Court TV!"
Fry says: "You're right."
Fry says: "You're right."
A mobile phone playing Mozart's Eine Kleine Nacht Musik as a ringtone goes off. It is Judge Whitey's.
Whitey says: "Yes?"
Whitey says: "What?"
Whitey says: "You say if I testify I'll be killed?"
Whitey says: "Oh."
Whitey says: "It's for you."
He holds it out to Fry. Fry takes it.
Roberto says: "..."
Roberto says: "and the other hamburger will..."
Roberto sits among other people who don't seem to notice he is talking on a phone.
Roberto says: "..."
Roberto says: "also be made of your lungs."
Roberto says: "So long, pal."
He hangs up. Fry gulps and leans into the mic.
Fry says: "I refuse to testify on the grounds that my organs will be chopped up into a patty."
Whitey says: "Ah, the 67th Amendment."
The Hyper-Chicken leans in to Bender.
Hyper-Chicken says: "I may be a simple country Hyper-Chicken but I know when we're finger-licked."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Whattya say we plead insanity?"
Bender says: "A few months in an insane asylum?"
Bender says: "I could do that standing on my head."
Hyper-Chicken says: "If you start now, it might help our case."
Time Lapse. The Hyper-Chicken pecks and scratches at the floor.
Whitey says: "Counselor, what evidence do you offer to support this new plea of insanity?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "Well, for one, they done hired me to represent them."
Whitey bangs his gavel.
Whitey says: "Insanity plea is accepted."
Whitey says: "Mr."
Whitey says: "Bender, I hereby commit you to the asylum for criminally insane robots until such time as you are deemed cured."
Bender says: "Yahoo!"
Bender says: "The system fails again!"
Whitey says: "And, Mr."
Whitey says: "Fry, I sentence you to the home for criminally insane humans."
Bailiff says: "Your Honour, that facility has been full ever since you ruled that being poor is a mental illness."
Whitey says: "Order!"
Whitey says: "Order!"
Whitey says: "The only poor people I want to hear about are the people who tend to my pores at the spa."
Whitey says: "Just send them both to the robot loony bin and let's go."
Two men wrap Fry and Bender in bubblewrap and one stamps "Defective Electronics" on Fry's forehead. They are put into a cardboard box and it is taped up. The men then "roll" the box out of the room by tipping it onto each side.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My head!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My feet!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My head!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My feet!"
Farnsworth says: "Keep your chin up!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My chin!"
[Scene says: "Hal Institute For Criminally Insane Robots."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and other robots move through a room along a conveyor belt."
[Scene says: "Fry taps Bender on the shoulder."
Fry says: "I don't belong here, Bender."
Fry says: "This is an asylum for insane robots!"
Bender says: "Well, you meet half the qualifications."
He laughs. The robots move through a door with a sign saying "Physical Exam" over the doorway.
Fry says: "Oh, good, a physical!"
A chute sucks his clothes clean off his body leaving him with nothing but his naked, pink skin. He moves along the belt, through the door and screams.
[Montage says: "In another room, Bender is picked up by a magnet and taken through the ceiling somewhere."
[Montage says: "The magnet tries to pick up Fry but just prods him."
[Montage says: "Fry screams."
[Montage says: "Later, a drill bit drills through Bender's head as he hums."
[Montage says: "Fry is next and screams when he sees the drill."
[Montage says: "The drill goes into his mouth and rotates inside."
[Montage says: "Next is a gamma ray scan."
[Montage says: "Bender passes through and we see a bat flying around in his chest cabinet."
[Montage says: "Fry gets one next."
[Montage says: "His stomach acid boils."
He burps.
Bender says: "I find that offensive!"
[Scene says: "Hal Institute: Dr."
[Scene says: "Perceptron's Office."
[Scene says: "Dr."
[Scene says: "Perceptron, a doctor of Freudian Circuit Analysis has what looks like a cheap plasma ball for a head and a casing that looks like a white coat."
[Scene says: "He speaks in a robotic voice."
[Scene says: "Fry falls through a hatch in the ceiling and lands in the floor."
[Scene says: "He hauls himself up."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Greetings."
Dr. Perceptron says: "I am Dr."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Perceptron."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Let me give you something to help you relax."
He presses a button and Fry gets an electric shock.
Fry says: "Look!"
Fry says: "There's been a terrible mistake."
Fry says: "I'm a human being."
Fry says: "See?"
Fry says: "I'm all squishy and flabby."
Fry says: "Also, I complain a lot."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Yes, you do."
Dr. Perceptron says: "You need to relax more."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Terrific."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Now, consider the following: You were admitted to this robot asylum."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Therefore, you must be a robot."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Diagnosis complete."
The plasma in his head goes off. Fry grabs his arms.
Fry says: "I do other human stuff!"
Fry says: "I age!"
Fry says: "See?"
He indicates his face. The door opens and a robot nurse comes in.
Nurse Ratchet says: "I'm Nurse Ratchet."
Nurse Ratchet says: "Please come with me, won't you?"
A panel in her chest opens and a straight jacket on an arm comes out and wraps itself around Fry. She retracts it by using her arm as a winch.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute Corridor."
[Scene says: "Nurse Ratchet holds Fry against her in his straight jacket."
[Scene says: "They move past other cells."
Nurse Ratchet says: "We'll meet your roommate next, shall we?"
Nurse Ratchet says: "His name is Malfunctioning Eddie."
Fry says: "The car dealer?"
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I guess his prices really were insane."
Nurse Ratchet says: "He's very excitable."
Nurse Ratchet says: "So don't say anything to surprise him."
Fry steps in.
[Cut to says: "Hal Institute: Cell."
[Cut to says: "The door closes."
[Cut to says: "The cell is a tiny space, the right size for a robot."
[Cut to says: "Malfunctioning Eddie stand holding a cigarette, shaking a little."
[Cut to says: "He holds out his hand."
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "Pleased to meet you."
Fry says: "Actually, we've met once before."
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "What?"
He explodes.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute Day Room."
[Scene says: "Bender passes a group of robots playing cards, a sign that says "You Don't Have to Be Crazy to Mutter to Yourself Here But it Helps", a robot caressing a column and various others."
Hairbot says: "I'm a pretty girl."
Hairbot says: "I'm a pretty girl."
Hairbot says: "I'm a pretty girl."
Bender sits with Fry.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "Someone had a busy day."
Fry says: "My roommate exploded."
Fry says: "Oh, you gotta help me, Bender."
Fry says: "How can I prove I'm human?"
Bender says: "You could drop dead."
Bender says: "That'd show 'em."
Fry says: "I don't wanna!"
Unit 2013 says: "Hey, man."
Unit 2013 says: "I believe you're a human."
Fry says: "You do?"
Unit 2013 says: "Sure."
Unit 2013 says: "They don't believe I'm a human either."
Unit 2013 says: "Name's Unit 2013."
Unit 2013 says: "C'mon."
Unit 2013 says: "Lemme introduce you around."
Unit 2013 says: "Fry, meet Norm."
Unit 2013 says: "How's it going, pal?"
Unit 2013 says: "Still picking up transmissions from the CIA on your teeth?"
Norm says: "They just won't stop!"
He opens his mouth and his teeth have little revolving satellite dishes on them.
Woman says: "The CIA cafeteria menu for the week of May 15th is as follows: Monday, shepherd's pie."
Unit 2013 says: "Cuckoo!"
They look at an Abraham Lincoln robot in the corner.
Fry says: "Let me guess, he thinks he's Lincoln?"
Unit 2013 says: "Well, he's supposed to."
Unit 2013 says: "Problem is he's got multiple personalities -- all of them Lincoln."
The robot stands up.
Lincolnbot says: "I was born in 200 log cabins."
[Scene says: "Hal Institute Cafeteria."
[Scene says: "Fry and Unit 2013 queue for dinner."
Unit 2013 says: "And this here is Frankie."
Unit 2013 says: "He's convinced he's a lunchroom worker, so they put him to work in the lunchroom."
Unit 2013 says: "How is work in the lunchroom, Frankie?"
Frankie says: "It's alright."
Unit 2013 says: "Poor Frankie!"
Frankie ladles some oil onto Fry's tray. Fry then sits at a table with a Pay 'n' Chew vending machine, the Lincolnbot, Bender, Unit 2013 and some other robots.
Mad Hatterbot says: "Change places!"
The robots move around the table. They knock into Fry and he spills his oil on his gown.
Fry says: "Bender, I can't take much more of this!"
Fry says: "I want outta here!"
Bender says: "Are you crazy?"
Bender says: "This place is great!"
Bender says: "Electroshock whenever you want it, two Lincolns for every Napoleon."
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "Sweet light crude!"
He takes some money sticking out from the vending machine pay slot and wipes his mouth with it.
Fry says: "But I'm not a robot like you."
Fry says: "I don't like having discs crammed into me."
Fry says: "Unless they're Oreos -- and then only in the mouth!"
Fry says: "Don't you understand?"
Fry says: "I'm gonna die here!"
Bender says: "Ah, quit your bellyaching and take it like a robot."
Fry growls.
Mad Hatterbot says: "Change places!"
The robots move again and Fry spills more oil.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute Visitors' Room."
[Scene says: "A banner advertises "Gibberish Translators Available"."
[Scene says: "Victor sits with Malfunctioning Eddie."
Victor says: "The doctor says you are making great strides with your exploding problem."
He explodes and Victor falls back on his chair. At another table, Leela, Farnsworth, Amy and Hermes sit with Fry and Bender. Fry has his arms wrapped around his legs and has very pale skin. Bender wears a Napoleon hat and has one of his arms inside his door. One of Malfunctioning Eddie's arms lands in the middle of the table.
Fry says: "You gotta get me out of here."
Fry says: "I would have starved to death if not for that sick vending machine robot."
Fry says: "Gimme!"
Fry says: "Gimme!"
He dives for it and eats it, wrapper and all.
Hermes says: "Poor Fry!"
Hermes says: "He's got the munchies for freedom!"
Leela says: "We're all trying to help you."
Leela says: "We've petitioned the governor but he doesn't want to appear soft on people who've been falsely imprisoned."
Fry says: "At least I have friends on the outside."
Fry says: "Bender's been no help at all."
Bender says: "Je suis Napoleon!"
Bender says: "No, seriously, I'm not."
Amy says: "Bender!"
Amy says: "You should be more ashamed of yourself than usual."
Bender says: "Ah, lighten up, honey."
Bender says: "I'm just trying to get through a difficult time using humour."
Nurse Ratchet wheels past.
Nurse Ratchet says: "Visiting hours are over."
Nurse Ratchet says: "Time for our medication disks."
The Planet Express staff get up to leave. Fry grabs Farnsworth.
Fry says: "Help me!"
Fry says: "For God's sake, help me!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, don't worry, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "I too once spent a nightmare-ish time in a robot asylum."
Farnsworth says: "But now it's nearly over."
Farnsworth says: "So long."
He leaves.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute: Cell."
[Scene says: "It is night and Fry and Malfunctioning Eddie are sleeping."
[Scene says: "Fry mutters in his sleep."
Fry says: "Oh, God!"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "What is it now?"
The door opens. Nurse Ratchet and Dr. Perceptron are outside.
Dr. Perceptron says: "You are being released."
Fry says: "Finally!"
Fry says: "Sweet justice!"
Fry says: "Sweet, juicy justice!"
Dr. Perceptron says: "Not you."
Dr. Perceptron says: "Him."
He points at Malfunctioning Eddie.
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "Me?"
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "What a surprise."
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "Look!"
[Cut to says: "Hal Institute Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Eddie rolls out of the cell."
Malfunctioning Eddie says: "I barely exploded at all."
He and Perceptron roll away.
Dr. Perceptron says: "We can control that with medication."
Nurse Ratchet says: "Fry?"
Nurse Ratchet says: "Are we ready to meet our new roommate?"
A porter pushes a metal box to the cell doorway.
[Cut to says: "Hal Institute: Cell."
[Cut to says: "The door of the box opens revealing Roberto."
[Cut to says: "Fry gasps."
Roberto says: "Hi, Red!"
Fry says: "Roberto!"
Fry says: "W-W-W-What are you doing here?"
Roberto steps out and holds up his knife.
Roberto says: "I got busted robbing that bank again."
Fry says: "Why would you hold up the same bank twice?"
Roberto says: "Ah, that first time was just to case the joint and rob it a little."
Roberto says: "What's the matter?"
Roberto says: "You scared?"
Roberto says: "Noticeably?"
Roberto says: "I'll say!"
Roberto says: "Now stand back, I gotta practise my stabbing."
He stabs at the air and makes nutcase noises. Fry ducks and dodges the knife.
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Please!"
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "Stop it!"
Fry says: "Please!"
Bender bangs from the next cell.
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Keep it down in there!"
Bender says: "I'm tuning my banjo!"
He tunes it and Fry keeps dodging the knife.
Roberto says: "Jeez, Red."
Roberto says: "Quit cowering."
Roberto says: "You call yourself a robot?"
He stabs some more.
Fry says: "I'm not a robot!"
Fry says: "I'm not a robot!"
He screams.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute: Dr."
[Scene says: "Perceptron's Office."
[Scene says: "The other Planet Express staff are there."
Dr. Perceptron says: "In answer to your question, Hermes, yes, your friend is cured."
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Farnsworth says: "What a relief!"
Leela says: "Thank God!"
The door opens and Fry walks in with an emotionless look on his face.
Dr. Perceptron says: "You'll notice he no longer suffers delusions of humanity."
Fry says: "Affirmative."
Fry says: "I feel nothing."
Fry says: "I am a robot."
Fry says: "Beep, beep, beep..."
The staff gasp.
Leela says: "You've made a terrible mistake."
Leela says: "He's a human being, not a machine."
Leela says: "Oh, Fry!"
She holds Fry to her chest and he "beeps" faster. Nurse Ratchet pushes Bender in a wheelchair past the door. He sings and plays the banjo.
Bender says: "Bonjour, y'all!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on the examination table and the other staff stand around."
Zoidberg says: "Listen to me, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "Just because you think you're a robot, doesn't make you a robot."
Zoidberg says: "After all, I think I'm a doctor but that doesn't make me a doctor."
Zoidberg says: "These fancy clothes do!"
Fry says: "Negative."
Fry says: "I must be a robot."
Fry says: "Why else would human women refuse to date me?"
Leela strokes his hair.
Leela says: "Oh, lots of reasons."
Fry says: "Bio-units, terminate noise exchange."
Fry says: "It is time for you to ingest sandwiches from my compartment."
He unzips his trousers, takes out two sandwiches and offers them to the others. They back away.
[Scene says: "Hal Institute Day Room."
[Scene says: "Bender tunes Norm's teeth with a screwdriver."
Bender says: "Here we go."
Bender says: "Just a minute."
Bender says: "Aha!"
Commentator says: "And down the stretch, it's Daddy's Little Grandpa, followed by Perennial Loser, and bringing up the rear, it's Lasty!"
Bender says: "Come on, Lasty!"
Roberto says: "Hey, Bender."
He is pushing a hover-bed. Bender turns around and fakes surprise.
Bender says: "Roberto!"
Bender says: "Ooh, what a surprise to see you in here!"
Bender says: "Especially 'cause I didn't squeal on you, remember?"
Bender says: "Remember all that squealing I didn't do?"
Bender says: "Remember?"
Bender says: "Do you?"
Roberto says: "Yeah, yeah."
Roberto says: "Now lie down and play dead."
Roberto says: "And don't ham it up!"
Bender says: "Uh, sure."
Bender says: "Anything for you, buddy."
Enter Dr. Perceptron.
Roberto says: "Wait here, Bender."
Roberto says: "I need to get a disguise."
From offscreen come the sounds of Roberto beating up Perceptron and making the nutcase noise. He comes back to the hover-bed wearing Perceptron's body casing and head ball. He starts pushing the bed through walls. Bender opens one side of his visor.
Bender says: "Uh, what's with the get-up?"
Roberto says: "I'm in disguise 'cause I'm thinking of escaping."
Roberto says: "You in?"
Roberto says: "Or do I gotta kill you so you don't squeal?"
Bender says: "I'm in!"
Bender says: "I'm in!"
Bender says: "So when were you planning the breakout?"
Roberto says: "I'm thinking maybe a few seconds ago."
Bender looks up and sees they are a few hundred yards from the Institute in amongst several trees. A siren goes off and Bender jumps off the bed.
Bender says: "Quick!"
Bender says: "Let's keep escaping!"
They run off into the woods.
[Cut to says: "Outside Hal Institute."
[Cut to says: "Tracker dogs sniff some nuts and bolts and run off after Bender and Roberto with two men following."
[Cut to says: "Woods."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Roberto come to a ravine."
[Cut to says: "There is a small boat tied to the side."
[Cut to says: "They jump and go straight through it and into the river."
Time Lapse. Clear of the woods, they run into a barn. Seconds later they crash through the back and take off in a biplane. The biplane does an inside loop and crashes through the barn doors. Roberto and Bender carry on on foot.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hermes' Office."
Hermes says: "Times two, carry the one..."
He presses a "carry the one" button on his calculator and looks up to see Fry standing beside him.
Fry says: "Oh, you sad, worthless human."
He picks up the calculator and throws it into a conveniently-located incinerator.
Hermes says: "What are ya-- Sacred hog of Prague!"
Hermes says: "That was my anniversary gift to LaBarbara!"
Fry says: "Fear not!"
Fry says: "For I shall assist ye!"
Hermes says: "Robots don't say "ye"!"
Fry says: "Relax, mammal."
Fry says: "My robotic software shall meet your calculatory needs."
Fry says: "What is the meaning of this symbol?"
Hermes says: "That's a plus sign, you pointy-haired loony!"
Hermes says: "Quit thinking you're a robot!"
Fry narrows his eyes.
Fry says: "I'll show ye!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Amy and Leela work on the ship."
[Scene says: "Leela tries to unscrew a nut on the side of the steps."
[Scene says: "She grunts and squirts some pi-in-1 oil onto it."
[Scene says: "Fry takes the spanner from her and throws it into another incinerator."
Fry says: "Stand back."
Fry says: "I'm a tool-bot."
He tries to unscrew the nut with his hands. He takes the oil from Leela, squirts some onto his arms and puts it in his inside pocket. He tries the nut again.
Leela says: "You're not a tool-bot."
Leela says: "You're not a food-motron."
Leela says: "You're not a robot of any kind."
Fry says: "Yes, I am."
Fry says: "I simply haven't discovered my primary function yet."
Leela says: "OK, this has gotta stop."
Leela says: "I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can."
Farnsworth says: "You're going to do his laundry?"
Amy slaps him.
Leela says: "Fry, this is for you."
She kisses him. Fry smiles and Leela smiles back, thinking she's cured him.
Fry says: "Beep."
Leela says: "Oh, for God's sake!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on the couch and finishes another bottle of beer."
[Scene says: "He throws it down on the floor at Zoidberg's feet."
Zoidberg says: "By a scallop's forelocks!"
Zoidberg says: "What's with all the beer, Fry?"
Fry says: "Beep."
He snores.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
Roberto says: "Thanks for helping me escape, Bender."
Bender says: "Oh, it was nothing."
Roberto says: "I wanna repay you."
Roberto says: "Let me get you something in here."
He drags Bender into the Big Apple Bank.
[Cut to says: "Big Apple Bank."
Roberto says: "Hands up!"
Roberto says: "This is a stick-up again!"
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Hitting the same place three times?"
Bender says: "I admire your style, Roberto."
Roberto walks to the teller.
Roberto says: "Gimme the remaining dough."
Roberto says: "And the calendars..."
Roberto says: "and that pen."
Roberto says: "Try to tear it so most of the beads are on my end!"
The teller ducks and URL and Smitty stand up behind her with their lasers armed.
URL says: "Police!"
URL says: "You're busted!"
Smitty says: "And don't try anything."
Smitty says: "This glass here is laser-proof."
Smitty says: "Duck!"
Smitty says: "Lasers!"
Roberto pulls the glass away and with his arm still poking through he grabs the money.
Bender says: "Come on!"
Bender says: "I got a place where I like to hide after crimes."
They run out. URL and Smitty fire at them again and Roberto uses the glass as a shield until they are out of the door.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff watch Fry sleep on the overturned couch."
Amy says: "Aw!"
Amy says: "He looks like a little insane drunken angel."
Enter Bender and Roberto.
Bender says: "Hey, everybody."
Bender says: "Meet my good pal, Roberto."
Hermes says: "Hey, mon."
Roberto says: "Nice to meet you."
Smitty says: "Come out with your hands up."
Roberto says: "Hostages!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Police cars surround the building."
[Scene says: "Roberto stands at the window with his knife at Zoidberg's neck."
Roberto says: "Back off!"
Roberto says: "I got hostages!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm helping!"
Smitty says: "Do you have any better hostages?"
The megaphone is built into URL.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Roberto turns around."
Roberto says: "To show them who's crazy, I'm gonna execute some of you."
Roberto says: "How 'bout you?"
He nicks Farnsworth's neck.
Farnsworth says: "Ouch!"
Farnsworth says: "That's going to bleed when my heart beats."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Take me first!"
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Take her first."
Roberto says: "Shut up!"
Roberto says: "Stop telling me how to do this!"
Time Lapse. More police cars arrive outside. Roberto has everyone except Fry tied up in the middle of the room. They mutter.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, the fear!"
Roberto kneels next to Bender.
Roberto says: "I'm thinking of a number between one and ten."
Roberto says: "Guess it and you die first."
Roberto says: "Go!"
Bender says: "Um..."
Bender says: "OK."
Bender says: "Fifty..."
Bender says: "six..."
Bender says: "ish?"
Roberto says: "56?"
Roberto says: "56?"
Roberto says: "Oh, man!"
Roberto says: "Now that's all I can think about!"
Roberto says: "I'm gonna kill you, you..."
Roberto says: "no good..."
Bender squeals. Roberto jabs at him with the knife and Bender extends his head on a cable, dodging the knife.
Bender says: "Don't kill me yet!"
Bender says: "I'm starting to come down with Stockholm Syndrome..."
Bender says: "handsome!"
Fry says: "Halt, fellow robot!"
He stands up from behind the couch.
Roberto says: "Hey, Red."
Roberto says: "You're just in time to join the hostage situation."
Roberto says: "Which side you wanna be on?"
Fry says: "The side that kicks your twisted, metal ass!"
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "Stay back."
Leela says: "He's too powerful."
Fry says: "Negative, bossy meat creature."
Fry says: "I know now what my primary function is: I am a battle-droid."
Fry says: "Sworn to protect the weak from crazy robots."
Roberto says: "I'm not crazy!"
Roberto says: "Don't call me crazy!"
Roberto says: "I'm just not user-friendly!"
Hermes says: "Fry!"
Hermes says: "Don't be a hero!"
Hermes says: "It's not covered by the health plan!"
Roberto says: "Let's see how much of a robot you really are!"
He runs at Fry and stabs him in the chest. Everyone gasps. Fry doesn't react. Roberto pulls the knife out and doesn't see the tin of oil that is still in Fry's pocket. The oil starts to leak through his jacket.
Fry says: "No knife can penetrate my skin-tanium armour."
He walks towards Roberto, spinning his arms and making a mechanical noise. Roberto backs away.
Roberto says: "Help!"
Roberto says: "Help!"
Roberto says: "He is a battle-droid!"
Roberto says: "Somebody help me!"
Roberto says: "Mommy!"
Roberto says: "I'm sorry I spilled the transmission fluid, Mommy!"
Roberto says: "No!"
Roberto says: "No!"
Roberto says: "Don't weld me to the wall, Mommy!"
He throws the knife at Fry and it slices his arm. Fry doesn't notice and keeps walking towards him. He screams and jumps through the window.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Roberto falls and lands in the road."
[Cut to says: "His left eye and right arm are broken."
[Cut to says: "He whimpers and collapses."
Smitty says: "We're willing to listen to your demands."
He starts to put the receiver back into URL's body.
URL says: "Hey, baby."
URL says: "Wash that off before you put it back."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
Hermes says: "Who's brave now?"
Amy says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "Bravo!"
Fry starts to untie them.
Leela says: "You did it, Fry."
Bender says: "Congratulations, buddy."
Bender says: "You're a credit to my race."
Fry says: "Blood?"
Fry says: "Robots don't have blood."
Zoidberg says: "A squid?"
Fry says: "A human!"
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "I'm a human!"
Zoidberg says: "Also good."
Time Lapse. The police cars clear away. Zoidberg cuts a bandage that he has wrapped around Fry's wound.
Leela says: "Thanks for saving us, Fry."
She kisses him on the cheek.
Fry says: "I'm gonna continue never washing this cheek again."
Bender says: "Buddy, you may be wrapped in greasy skin, but inside, you've got the heart of a robot."
Fry says: "Aw."
Fry says: "Thanks, Bender."
Bender says: "Just like inside me, I've got the heart of a human."
Bender says: "What?"
Closing Credits.