Warning This article contains information marked as Mature. In other words, it will have an adult theme and contain scenes and storylines which are unsuitable for readers under 18 years of age. The content on this page is likely to contain sex, language, drugs, alcohol, nudity, and violence.
Pan over space, planets and meteors.
A green light claps in the middle of the screen and a pulsing, green ripple expands outward. Cut to a violet star.
One of the green waves passes over the system and the planets all glow a light green. Zoom into the largest celestial body in the system and into a bubbling pool of liquid in a crater where a strand of DNA is formed. The strand fades into a roller coaster track in Mars Vegas. Some of the Planet Express crew and other characters fly across the screen in a roller coaster car. A parody of the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign says "Welcome to Fabulous Mars Vegas.".
The opening credits start, with a theme song that is almost exclusively tubular bells.
In a future place and time,.
If everything our Hindu brethren say is true.
In an age of things that hover,.
You and I will still be lovers,.
And we'll say to ourselves.
That was then and this is, too.
We'll still cruise the cool casinos.
You'll still fly me to the moon,.
Although the moon to which you fly me,.
Could be Phobos or Deimos.
The psychic worms from Rigel Nine,.
Who control everything we do,.
Will make us think that was then,.
And 3010 is exactly the same as 1962.
Don't expect any changes, my friend,.
That was then and this is, too.
[Scene says: "A hover grand stand is filled with a crowd of people who overlook Mars Vegas from far away."
Bender says: "Wow, Mars Vegas."
Bender says: "Long live the eternal city."
Mr. Wong says: "Two, one, zero!"
He pushes down a plunger and Mars Vegas is levelled by a large explosion.
Bender says: "Rest in hell, Crapville!"
[Scene says: "A large worm moves through the desert of Mars."
Mrs. Wong says: "Out here in the desert, we’re gonna build bigger, better Vegas."
Mr. Wong says: "Bathtubs size of oceans, hookers size of bouncers."
Bender says: "Hamburger!"
The worm has stopped at a station.
Worm Announcer says: "Stand clear of the closing jaws."
He makes a "bing bong" noise as the passengers disembark.
[Scene says: "The group stands in a construction site of a new hotel."
Bender says: "Yo, you need any girders bent, I know a guy."
Amy Wong says: "So what's gonna be over there, Dad?"
Mr. Wong says: "That?"
Mr. Wong says: "That the oasis."
Mr. Wong says: "Take that, you stupid Mother Nature."
A car door closes. Pan over to the Feministas standing behind the caution perimeter with protest signs.
Frida Waterfall says: "Okay."
Frida Waterfall says: "Let's hit him hard."
Feministas says: "This land is your land."
Fry says: "Who are you noisy women?"
Frida says: "I'm Frida Waterfall, leader of the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you man-doze this beautiful gyno-desert."
Mr. Wong says: "Well, I'm Leo Wong, and I say, "Boom!"
He pushes down a plunger and the Feministas are send flying into the air from an explosion. Everybody else laughs as they fall back to the surface. Frida lands on Fry and it is revealed that her Femi-necklace has lodged in his brain. Everybody gasps.
Frida says: "Hey, what happened to my femi-necklace?"
Frida says: "And where's my mega-fem?"
The megaphone hits her in the head and she is knocked out. Zoidberg rushes to Fry with a stethoscope.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Is he badly hurt, Dr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg?"
Zoidberg says: "I don't quite know how to say this."
Zoidberg says: "Fry is dead!"
Everybody starts sobbing, but then Fry groans and wakes up.
Zoidberg says: "Wait, not dead."
Zoidberg says: "The other thing."
Mr. Wong says: "Damn eco-broads!"
Mr. Wong says: "You can't even spray for eagles without upsetting these kooks."
Leela says: "Now, hang on."
Leela says: "Before you do construction, don't you have to make sure you're not harming any native species?"
Mr. Wong says: "You mean, cursory environmental survey?"
Mr. Wong says: "Already done!"
Mr. Wong says: "By top scientist."
He interrupts Farnsworth counting a wad of cash.
Farnsworth says: "Err, what?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Farnsworth says: "You've got the go-ahead, Mr."
Farnsworth says: "Wong."
Farnsworth says: "This place is deader than last year's cat."
Leela says: "No, it's not!"
Leela says: "There's precious life right here in this scum puddle."
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Cyprinodon martius."
Farnsworth says: "The desert muck leech."
Farnsworth says: "Amazingly, the entire species lives in this one tiny stink hole."
Farnsworth says: "Killing these will be so much easier than exterminating those ponies."
He imitates a pony, then imitates a machine gun, then imitates a dying pony.
Leela says: "Wait a second."
Leela says: "Leeches may not be cuddly like pandas or tribbles, but these poor endangered creatures deserve..."
Bender says: "I'll get it with my trusty foot cups: Stompy and Smashy."
Bender tries repeatedly to squish the creature, but Leela bends over to stop him from trying.
Leela says: "No, don't kill it!"
Leela says: "We have to..."
When she bends over, the leech bites onto her neck again. She runs off-screen screaming. Mr. Wong is seen pouring a bag of Poison Cement into the hole the leech came from. He then directs a large parking lot paving machine to roll over the area.
Mr. Wong says: "There."
Mr. Wong says: "They're not endangered anymore."
Mr. Wong says: "They're extinct."
Leela says: "No, they're not."
Leela says: "I saved this one."
Leela says: "And I'm gonna raise it and care for it, so the world will forever know what it's lost."
Leela says: "Poor thing."
It flies back at her neck and clamps on again. She screams as the camera pans over the Mr. Wong and Fry. Mr. Wong kicks Fry's leg twice to wake him up.
Mr. Wong says: "Tell you what, Fry."
Mr. Wong says: "You all promise not to sue me, I give you token for free entry in poker tournament."
Mr. Wong says: "He took it, you all saw it!"
Bender says: "Maybe we did, maybe we didn't."
Bender says: "What's in it for me, Bender?"
Mr. Wong says: "Okay, okay."
Mr. Wong says: "Come back when New Vegas opens, I give you all free rooms, free dinner and free tickets to Céline Dion."
Bender says: "Lose the Céline Dion tickets and you got yourself a deal."
Mr. Wong says: "All right, damnit, done!"
The crew cheers.
Bender says: "All right, I scored."
[Scene says: "The Wong Hotel & Casino is completed."
[Scene says: "The crew is playing a row of slot machines."
Zoidberg says: "Look out, Vegas, I've got a system."
Zoidberg says: "Oh."
Zoidberg says: "I'm bankrupt."
Fry says: "You said it, Hermes."
Fry says: "He is pathetic, but lovable."
Hermes says: "Yup."
Hermes says: "What?"
Hermes says: "I said no such thing, mon."
Fry says: "I am not acting weird, Leela."
Fry says: "Why is everyone talking at once?"
Leela says: "Fry, calm down and stop braining."
Fry says: "You're right, Amy!"
Fry says: "Maybe I do need some fresh air."
Bender says: "Man, I'm worried about him."
Bender says: "But not enough to stop gambling for even a single second."
He uses his quarter on a string to scam the slot machine and pulls on the lever. He gets three Leo Wong heads.
Three Leos on the Machine says: "You win, damnit!"
Quarters are dispensed from the machine as bells are going off.
[Scene says: "A street in Mars Vegas."
[Scene says: "Traffic has filled the streets."
[Scene says: "Cut to Fry's eyes as he walks down the sidewalk filled with pedestrians."
There is overlapping chatter.
Fry says: "Voices always yelling."
Fry says: "Who - who said that?"
Fry says: "I'm not insane."
Fry says: "Stop it."
Fry says: "Stop talking in me!"
Fry runs into a close alley.
Hutch Waterfall says: "Voices bothering you, man?"
Hutch Waterfall says: "I've been there."
Hutch Waterfall says: "You need one of these doodangs."
Fry says: "A foil hat?"
Fry says: "Of course, he likes pastrami."
Fry says: "What about the dog's testicles?"
Fry says: "Hey, it worked."
Fry says: "The voices stopped."
Hutch says: "They've got a huge selection of carburetors..."
Hutch says: "Hang on."
Hutch says: "Hang on."
Hutch says: "That's better."
Hutch says: "My name's Hutch."
Fry says: "Hi, Hutch."
Fry says: "So what's with the obnoxious, shrieking voices?"
Fry says: "Are my fillings picking up The View?"
Hutch says: "No, man."
Hutch says: "Truth is, it's other people's thoughts."
Hutch says: "You're a mind reader."
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "Although, actually, it was sort of obvious."
Hutch says: "You don't believe me?"
Hutch says: "Take off the helmet."
Fry says: "I believe you."
Hutch says: "Seriously, do it."
Hutch says: ": Testing, testing."
Hutch says: "Do you read me?"
Fry says: "Loud and clear."
Hutch says: "What?"
Fry says: "I said, "Loud and clear."
Fry says: "" Only I said it with my thinker, not my talker."
Hutch says: "Whoa!"
Hutch says: "Freaky."
Hutch says: "Why can't I read your thoughts?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "What's that about a secret society?"
Hutch says: "Never mind that."
Hutch says: "Just keep the foil on and you'll be okay."
Hutch says: "Also, it'll keep the Dark Ones from incinerating your brain."
Fry says: "That's a plus."
Hutch says: "And don't ever, ever, ever tell anyone you can read minds, or the Dark Ones will get you like that."
[Scene says: "Many robots are walking into a theatre that is presenting Gearotica."
[Scene says: "In the theatre, robot performers are lowered from the ceiling and dance with the music."
Clamps says: "Jeez, get a load of the batteries on her."
Clamps says: "I'd like to get my clamps on those."
Clamps says: "Give her a jump, you know what I mean?"
Donbot says: "Whoa, whoa."
Donbot says: "Show some decorum there, Clamps."
Donbot says: "This ain't no strip show."
Donbot says: "This is a beguiling display of the pornographic arts."
Joey Mousepad says: "Yo, Skip, I can see a guy's butt."
Michael's Wife says: "Oh, Michael, this is the perfect end to a perfect honeymoon."
Michael says: "I love you so much."
They move in to kiss, but Bender lands between them.
Bender says: "Is this seat taken?"
Michael says: "Actually, we..."
Bender says: "Slide me those chicken wings."
Bender says: "So what part of Podunk you rubes from?"
Michael says: "The north-eastern."
Bender belches fire after drinking a bottle of red wine.
Two robots on stage move their hips on a gear until they are close enough to exchange a compact disc from one slot to another. The crowd applauds.
Announcer says: "Monsieurs et mademoiselles, our circus of the senses now arrives by steamboat in New Orleans, circa 2873."
Announcer says: "The muted lament of a trombone resonates through the fog, which lingers even now, months after the attack of the fog monster."
Announcer says: "With but one hope of restoring Gearoticus to his throne, our sensual fate rests in the gyrations of..."
Announcer says: "Fanny."
Fog covers the stage, but is blown away by the air movement from Fanny's fan, which is fixed to her rear end.
Bender says: "Oh."
[Scene says: "Bender is scatting as he walks toward Fanny's dressing room door with flowers hidden behind him."
[Scene says: "He knocks on the door and Fanny answers."
Fanny says: "Yes?"
Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Bender says: "Let's do it."
The two stare at each other for a few seconds until the Donbot comes out of the dressing room with his gun cocked and pointed at Bender.
Donbot says: "Who is it, the Feds?"
Bender says: "Aren't you the Donbot, head of the Robot Mafia?"
Donbot says: "Allegedly."
Donbot says: "And this is my beloved wife, Fanny, whose honor I would proudly defend with a power drill."
Donbot says: "Well, I gotta go drown a stoolie."
As soon as the bathroom door closes Bender and Fanny start kissing, Fanny's fan is spinning. Suddenly the Donbot opens the door and Bender and Fanny quickly separate.
Donbot says: "I'm gonna be in here a while, so do me a favor and drive my wife home."
Donbot says: "It's one of them self-driving cars, so just sit in the back and do whatever."
They start kissing again. Fanny twangs Bender's antenna.
Fanny says: "Oh, Bender, your lips are intoxicating."
Fanny says: "It's like kissing an ashtray full of hot wings."
They resume kissing and fall to the floor.
Bender says: "Aww yeahh!"
[Scene says: "Fry is peacefully walking down a street."
[Scene says: "He stops and lift his hat off."
[Scene says: "The voices grow louder and louder until he puts his hat back on."
Fry says: "My God, I really can read minds."
Fry says: "I have a superpower!"
Fry says: "There must be something great I can do with this."
He gasps. Cut to Fry standing in front of a Women's locker room door. He removes his hat and quickly walks in.
Fry says: "Hello, ladies, I can read your thoughts."
Fry says: "Oh, wait, that's invisibility."
Fry walks by a banner for Leo's Poker Tournament, back tracks to it and gasps.
Fry says: "Poker."
Fry says: "With my mind-reading abilities and my invisibility..."
Fry says: "Wait, no, just the mind reading."
Fry says: "I can't lose!"
Fry says: "Sign me up for the tournament, please."
Administrator says: "Okey-doke, Jiffy Pop."
Administrator says: "Entry fee's 50,000 smackers."
Fry says: "50,000?"
Fry says: "Drat, all I have is my life savings and a token for free admission to this poker tournament."
Administrator says: "Close enough."
[Scene says: ""ELZAR'S AT THE WONG" - The crew plus Fanny is occupying a booth in the restaurant."
Amy says: "You're having an affair with the head of the robot mafia's wife?"
Bender says: "Yup, this is her I'm making out with."
The entire table is shown, Bender and Fanny are laying in the center of it kissing.
Hermes says: "Bender, are you crazy?"
Bender says: "No, it's Fry who's crazy in this one."
Fry says: "Psht, I'm not crazy."
Leela says: "You sure you're okay, Fry?"
Leela says: "I mean, you do have tin foil on your head."
Fry says: "So?"
Fry says: "You've got a leech on your neck."
Fry says: "Oh, and speaking of sucking on your neck, want to go to a movie later?"
Elzar says: "Hey, there!"
Elzar says: "How are you folks doing tonight?"
Bender says: "Great."
Bender says: "What are the specials?"
Elzar says: "Well, let's see now."
Elzar says: "We've got a wonderful grizzly bear that's been dipped in cornmeal and lightly tormented."
Elzar says: "Questions?"
Amy says: "What was the bear's name?"
Elzar says: "Jojo."
Amy says: "Ooh, I'll have him."
Cut to the entrance of the restaurant, Donbot, Joey Mousepad and Clamps walk in. Fanny gasps, Bender yelps and moves half of his head into his body.
Bender says: "Hide me!"
Joey Mousepad says: "Hey, Donbot, ain't that your wife what with you had that wedding with?"
Fanny says: "Donbot, honey!"
Fanny says: "What a pleasant shock!"
Fanny says: "I was just having dinner alone, when suddenly you walk in on us."
Donbot says: "Alone, huh?"
Her body groans and Bender erupts out of her chest cavity.
Bender says: "Where am I?"
Bender says: "I was exploring a wormhole through space many light years from this restaurant, when suddenly I was surrounded by darkness."
Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Bender says: "The world's most sexual robot."
Bender says: "I mean, the world's most boundary-respecting robot."
Donbot says: "Nice to see you, Bender."
Donbot says: "Welcome back to our universe."
Donbot says: "Listen, sugar, I stuck up the Burlington Coat Factory and got you a little something."
Donbot says: "It's a $49 value."
He puts a white fur coat on her and she spins her fan and squeals with delight.
Danny says: "Donbot, I love you!"
Danny says: "Not really."
Bender says: "Man, this is great!"
Bender says: "I always wanted to nail a dame in a fur coat, and now's my chance."
[Establishing shot of the Wong Hotel says: "Fanny and Bender walk through the Casino."
Casino. Scene says: "Fanny and Bender walk through the Casino."
Fanny says: "I never felt so alive, Bender."
Fanny says: "Listen, this turquoise-encrusted bra is worth 50 grand."
Fanny says: "Let's sell it and run off before the Donbot gets wise."
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "It will take a lot more money than that to make a girl like you happy."
Fanny says: "No, it won't."
Bender says: "Yeah, it will."
Bender says: "Shut up!"
Bender says: "We'll run off, but not till after I win the Universal Poker Championship!"
Bender says: "One entry, please."
Fanny says: "Bender, no!"
Fanny says: "You can't beat the best players in the universe."
Fanny says: "You're not lucky enough."
Bender says: "Oh, no?"
Bender says: "I'm 40% lucky."
Bender says: "The scrap metal I'm made from included a truckload of horseshoes from the luckiest racehorses in Mexico, who had just been sent to a glue factory."
Fanny says: "They don't sound so lucky to me."
Bender says: "Not without their shoes."
[Scene says: "The Hip Joint Janitor walks up to the railing of a casino that has a "Dancing Fountains" display in front of it."
[Scene says: "He dumps a bottle of Diet Slurm and a pack of Mentos into the water and the show begins."
[Scene says: "Pan over to Bender, who is getting his foot cups polished by a machine."
[Scene says: "He is cheerfully humming again and Fanny walks up to him."
Fanny says: "Here, Bendy, take this."
Fanny says: "It will give you 70% more luck."
Fanny says: "It's the Donbot's lucky robot's foot."
Bender says: "All right!"
Bender says: "With two kinds of luck, I can't lose."
Bender says: "No, wait, three."
Bender says: "I stepped on a leprechaun."
Joey Mousepad and Clamps stop in their car when they see Bender and Fanny together.
Joey Mousepad says: "Yo, you see this over here over there?"
Clamps says: "I'm powering up the clamps."
[Scene says: "An old store titled "SMALL BILL'S LAUNDERING."
[Scene says: "" The mafia trio sit in the back of the shop."
Donbot says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Donbot says: "Let us not rush to judgment."
Joey Mousepad says: "But, Skip, that was your lucky robot's foot what came off of your lucky leg."
Donbot says: "While it is true that I did wake up with only one foot this morning, there is no proof that my beloved Fanny was involved."
Donbot says: "Aside from the hacksaw I found under her pillow."
Clamps says: "Well, what about that Bender guy?"
Clamps says: "You want I should give him the clamps?"
Donbot says: "Not yet, Clamps."
Donbot says: "Only one thing can prove that he has my lucky foot."
Clamps says: "Torture with the clamps or a clamp-like device?"
Donbot says: "No."
Donbot says: "We are gonna sit tight and see if he wins the poker tournament."
Donbot says: "He does, that proves he's packing my lucky foot, in which event..."
Clamps says: "The clamps!"
Clamps says: "Or a clamp-like device."
[Scene says: "Penn & Teller are hosting the 3009 Universal Poker Tournament at the Wong Hotel."
Penn Jillette says: "Welcome viewers who fell asleep with the TV on!"
Penn Jillette says: "It's the 3009 no-limit hold 'em championship."
Penn Jillette says: "Our act really didn't change much when he died."
Bender says: "Pardon me, I'm new to this game."
Bender says: "Is this duffle bag big enough for all your money?"
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "Oh, boogers."
Fry says: "We're in the same tournament."
Fry says: "Quick, get your entry fee back before I bankrupt you."
Bender says: "Pfft!"
Bender says: "In your dreams, nutloaf."
Fry says: "Bite my shiny metal hat."
[Graphic says: ""HAND 1."
[Graphic says: "" Leo Wong is the dealer."
Penn Jillette says: "Tex Connecticut, the pride of Kansas City, first to act."
Fry looks at his cards. Two Kings. He lifts his hat up a bit and reads Bender's mind.
Bender says: "Woo!"
Bender says: "Two aces."
Bender says: "I'm thinking guitar solo."
Fry says: "He puts his hat back down."
Fry says: "] I fold."
Penn Jillette says: "Holy crap!"
Penn Jillette says: "A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer Philip Fry."
Penn Jillette says: "It's almost as if he knew Bender had two aces."
Pull out of Penn's shot to reveal that he is sitting 20 or so feet from the game table.
'Boobs Vanderbilt says: "Bender has two aces?"
'Boobs Vanderbilt says: "I'm out."
Tex Connecticut says: "I'm out."
Lrrr says: "I'm out."
Bender says: "Suck my luck!"
Joey Mousepad, Donbot and Clamps are sitting in the audience.
Donbot says: "See this gun?"
Donbot says: "That's what I'm gonna do to Bender if he wins."
[Graphic says: ""Hand 6."
[Graphic says: "" Fry wins."
[Graphic says: "Graphic: "Hand 13."
[Graphic says: "" Bender wins the pot, a gold watch and a human baby."
[Graphic says: "Graphic: "Hand 79."
Lrrr says: "All in."
Lrrr says: "Call my mighty bid at your peril."
Lrrr says: ": My cards are awful, and I need a hug."
Fry says: "I call your bluff."
Fry wins the hand. Lrrr growls at Fry.
Lrrr says: "I shall annihilate..."
Lrrr says: "Fry hugs him."
Lrrr says: "]  I just wanted to make my daddy proud."
Lrrr's Father says: "Well, you didn't."
Lrrr's Father says: "I want you and your junk moved out by Monday."
Penn Jillette says: "It's getting pretty intense, folks."
Penn Jillette says: "Based on the state of decomposition of Teller's head, we're now in hour 19 of the tournament."
Penn Jillette says: "And the first bad deal of the night for Bender."
Bender says: "Hey, pal, help me out here."
Bender says: "This is the worst possible hand, right?"
Tex Connecticut says: "I'm all in."
Bender says: "All in!"
Bender says: "I mean, fold."
Bender says: "Whatever."
Penn Jillette says: "Well, Bender's luck just ran out."
Penn Jillette says: "No card can save him from elimination."
Cut back to the table. A giant prop card falls on Tex Connecticut's neck and incapacitates him.
Boobs Vanderbilt says: "Oh, my gourds!"
Boobs Vanderbilt says: "He's dead."
The killer cards total 21.
Leo Wong says: "21, winner!"
Bender says: "Wooo!"
Bender says: "I'm so full of luck, it's shooting out like luck diarrhoea."
Penn Jillette says: "Wake up, poker fans!"
Penn Jillette says: "We're down to our final two players in heads-up action for the Championship."
Penn Jillette says: "Your perspective, Teller?"
Leo deals cards to Bender and Fry. Fry looks at his cards then raises his hat and looks at Bender, who has yet to look at his cards. Bender refuses to look at his cards. Cut to Donbot who is watching from the crowd and tries to crack his knuckles. He breaks off all of his fingers in the process.
Bender says: "All in."
The crowd gasps.
Fry says: "But-but, you didn't even look at your cards!"
Bender says: "Looking at one's cards is a crutch for players who rely on skill."
Fry lifts his hat again. Bender is scatting like a guitar. Fry lowers his hat and gulps.
Leo Wong says: "Any day now, Fry."
Leo Wong says: "You in or out?"
Fry stammers as he looks for an answer.
Bender says: "What's the matter, Fry, you scared?"
Fry says: "All right, all in."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "Four aces!"
Bender says: "Ah-ah-ah."
Bender says: "Read 'em and weep, and then tell me what they are."
Leo Wong says: "Two kings."
Leo Wong says: "And with three on the board, that gives Bender five kings."
The crowd gasps.
Fry says: "But how is that..."
Penn Jillette says: "I don't believe it."
Penn Jillette says: "Bender has just been dealt the King of Beers, a coaster from the bar that somehow got mixed into the deck."
Penn Jillette says: "But it still counts!"
The crowd cheers and music begins playing.
Leo Wong says: "Bender win the Championship!"
Fanny says: "You did it, Bender."
Fanny says: "You're the greatest."
Bender says: "Tell me something I don't know, sweetass."
Bender says: "Now, let's boogie."
Bender says: "We'll be in Space Tahiti before the Donbot knows what hit him."
As Bender is walking away from the table, he throws the Donbot's lucky robot's foot behind him and it strikes the Donbot in the face.
Donbot says: "Now I am suspicious."
[Scene says: "A desert on Mars at night."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fanny are digging holes."
[Scene says: "They are illuminated by the Donbot's car headlights."
Bender says: "Okay, we finished digging this shallow grave."
Bender says: "Can we go now?"
The mafia trio then shoot Fanny and Bender for a while with machine guns. Part way through the shooting, Donbot stops to check the time and then resumes his firing. Cut to them driving away from the filled in graves.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship lands in the desert."
Fry says: "Poor Bender left me one last voicemail before the Robot Mafia buried him in the desert."
Bender says: "Fry, old friend, before I die, I just wanted to say..."
Hermes says: "Line up, people!"
Hermes says: "Everyone take a shovel and one sixth of the planet."
Hermes says: "We'll meet back here in 50 years, our bodies broken and our lives wasted."
Zoidberg says: "And you say these are free shovels?"
There is a rumbling and a hole begins to form in the sand near them. As the dust settles Bender walks out of the hole with Fanny.
Bender says: "I'm back, baby."
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "I thought the Robot Mafia killed you."
Bender says: "Nah, they just shot us and buried us a few times as a warning."
Fanny says: "Bender was so brave."
Fanny says: "He never stopped making out with me the whole time they were shooting us."
Bender says: "I sure didn't."
Joey Mousepad pulls up with his car in the background.
Fanny says: "I gotta get back to my husband, baby."
Fanny says: "Will I see you tonight?"
Bender says: "Probably not."
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong is playing mini golf at his country club."
Mr. Wong says: "It's a 14-footer with a clown hazard."
Mr. Wong says: "What club you recommend, Baggy?"
Baggy says: "As on every hole, I suggest the putter."
Fry says: "Your golf club sure is classy, Mr."
Fry says: "Wong."
Fry says: "Naked statue classy."
Mr. Wong putts and ends up far from the hole and curses in Mandarin.
Leela says: "It is very nice."
Leela says: "I just wish Amy and I didn't have to wear these sexist badges on our melons."
Amy says: "We're lucky even to play as guests, Leela."
Amy says: "Dad's club has a very strict "No girls allowed" policy."
Mr. Wong putts again and misses, then curses wildly again.
Leela says: "That doesn't seem fair."
Amy says: "It really is."
Amy says: "Everybody knows women don't have the focus to play miniature golf at a professional level."
Amy makes her putt right through the clown's legs and lands it right next to the hole.
Leela says: "But that's the best shot of the day!"
Mr. Wong says: "Is that my ball?"
Mr. Wong says: "I think that my ball."
He claims Amy's ball as his own, but still misses his small putt and curses in Mandarin again.
Amy says: "Pfft, great putt, Dad."
Mr. Wong says: "Okay, we're done."
The sprinklers turn on.
Leela says: "Mr."
Leela says: "Wong, how do you keep this place so green in the middle of the desert?"
Leela says: "Doesn't that waste a lot of water?"
Mr. Wong says: "Nah, we got plenty water, pumped directly from flamingo lake."
[Scene says: "The four are travelling in a golf cart."
Mr. Wong says: "Oh, yeah, I love miniature golf."
Mr. Wong says: "Love everything about it, except how damn miniature it is."
Mr. Wong says: "That's why I'm building the universe's biggest miniature golf course."
A crane picks up a ball the size of the golf car and drops it into a large cannon.
Mr. Wong says: "This the first tee."
Fry says: "Where's the hole?"
Mr. Wong says: "On Pluto's moon, Hydra."
Mr. Wong says: "It's a six-billion-mile par-two."
Mr. Wong says: "Tough shot, even for a man."
Mr. Wong says: "It dropped in!"
Mr. Wong says: "Put me down for a two."
Amy says: "Two."
Mr. Wong says: "Keep in mind, that just the first hole."
Mr. Wong says: "For full course, we gonna bulldoze this entire arm of the Milky Way."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "You're gonna wipe out 10% of the galaxy for a stupid golf course?"
Mr. Wong says: "First of all, it 12%."
Mr. Wong says: "Second, yes, you betcha."
Leela says: "But you have no idea what life forms might be evolving out there."
Mr. Wong says: "That's exactly why I'm hiring an impartial scientist to perform an environmental survey."
Mr. Wong says: "That's him in the money shower."
Farnsworth is in the money shower, giggling as money rains down around him.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express Ship is flying through a field of asteroids."
[Scene says: "A light from the turret on the ship scans the space boulders for life."
Fry says: "Delivery boy's log."
Fry says: "Having fallen asleep on what I thought was the toilet, I awoke to find the environmental survey in progress."
Farnsworth says: "Status reports, Science Officer."
Bender says: "Zilcho."
Bender says: "No sign of life or intelligence."
Bender says: ": Just like Fry on a date."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "Okay, so we haven't found any life yet."
Leela says: "I still don't see why you men can't be happy with regular-sized miniature golf."
Farnsworth says: "Leela, evolution has programmed our fabulous male brains to take anything anybody else thinks is important and make it bigger."
Farnsworth says: "Have you seen my new 301-inch TV?"
He presses a button on a remote and a large TV descends at the front of the ship.
Announcer says: "Hypnotoad is brought to you by the MagnaPhallix 302-inch TV."
Announcer says: "It's bigger!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, hell!"
Bender says: "Captain, I'm detecting life on the Spock-o-scope!"
Leela gasps. The ship hovers over the planet. Cut to a fish-like creature waddles onto land. It uses its fins as feet and walks around. Pan up to flowers blooming and flying insects pollinating them.
Leela says: "It's amazing."
Leela says: "It's like a textbook on evolution."
Fry says: "Except in Kansas."
Bender says: "But isn't Mr."
Bender says: "Wong building the 18th hole here?"
Bender says: "And the golf pants museum?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed so."
Farnsworth says: "This whole area will be incinerated when he implodes that sun there into a black hole."
Leela says: "That beautiful violet star?"
Farnsworth says: "It's so you can't keep your ball at the end of the game."
Fry says: "Yo, that's messed up."
Leela says: "Well, there won't be any imploding once they read our environmental review."
Leela says: "Right, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "Ohh, twaddle-squat."
Farnsworth says: "There's no scientific consensus that life is important."
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "Life, schmife."
Clip Board says: "Approved for demolition."
Leela says: "It's you and me, ponytail."
[Scene says: "Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
[Scene says: "Nixon's head pulls up in a limo."
Guard says: "We're here, Mr."
Guard says: "President."
Richard Nixon's head says: "Arroo!"
Richard Nixon's head says: "Let's play some mini-golf."
The headless body of Agnew, Nixon and Mr. Wong are playing mini-golf. Agnew is putting.
Nixon says: "Now, just give it a light tap, Agnew."
Nixon says: "No, no, no, just a light..."
Agnew grunts and sends the ball hurtling away from the tee. Cut to Zoidberg on a diving board high above a pool.
Zoidberg says: "Now for a triple clam dip, with a double -  OW!"
Nixon says: "Tough luck, Agnew."
Nixon says: "Looks like you and Wong owe me a Charleston Chew."
The Feministas blast through a hedge and crash the game.
Feministas says: "Shut up and hear our wisdom."
Feministas says: "Save the ecosystem."
Feministas says: "Shut up and hear our wisdom!"
Feministas says: "Save the ecosystem!"
Nixon says: "What gives, Wong?"
Nixon says: "You said no chicks allowed."
Agnew growls.
Frida says: "We are the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you..."
Frida says: "What was it again?"
Leela says: "We will not let you implode the violet dwarf star at galactic coordinates 167."
Leela says: "84, -58."
Leela says: "03, mark 948."
Mr. Wong says: "Already approved, you cackling hens."
Mr. Wong says: "So get out, or I'll have vice-president Agnew's headless body throw you out."
Leela says: "I'd like to see him try."
Nixon says: "Me, too."
Nixon says: "Should look funny."
Nixon says: "Sic 'em, Agnew."
Agnew breaks his club in half and wanders toward the women. Leela bumps into a parked golf cart and causes it to roll down a hill, toward Agnew.
Nixon says: "Runaway golf cart!"
Leela says: "Look out, Agnew!"
Agnew tries to dodge the cart, but it follows his movements and runs him over.
Nixon says: "Whoa!"
Mr. Wong says: "Aah!"
Leela says: "Is..."
Leela says: "is he okay?"
Mr. Wong says: "No pulse."
Nixon says: "They killed the headless remains of Agnew."
Nixon says: "Arrest them!"
Frida says: "All Feministas she-vacuate the premises."
Frida says: "I mean "femises."
The Feministas run away and the presidential guards chase after them. One drives the limo over Agnew's body.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Lounge."
[Scene says: "Nixon is on TV."
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans, these eco-crooks will face the maximum sentence."
Nixon says: "For killing a headless torso, that's six weeks."
Bender says: "Well, this is embarrassing."
Bender says: "Here I've been blabbing on for years about killing all humans, and who actually does something about it?"
Bender says: "Some chick."
Fry says: "Leela's not a killer, and she's not some chick."
Fry says: "She's the chick I love."
Fry says: "And don't tell her I called her a chick, or she'll kill me."
[Scene says: "A hover-copter flows over the city with search lights."
[Scene says: "The Feministas are hiding in a building with the sign "Eco-Feminist Reading Room" in the window."
[Scene says: "When the spotlight passes over it, a Feminista switches it to "Something even less popular."
Frida says: "Everyone stay absolutely quiet!"
Feminista says: "That thing's on."
Feminista says: "Shh!"
Feminista says: "Turn it off!"
Frida says: "Oh, sorry."
Frida says: "How do you turn it off?"
Frida says: "There."
Frida says: "Did that do it?"
OTHERS says: "No."
OTHERS says: "Stop it."
OTHERS says: "Shut up."
Frida says: "Here's the button here."
Frida says: ": And I think I..."
Frida says: "Now I got it."
The megaphone squeals with feedback.
Leela says: "Let me give you a hand."
She pushes a button and it turns off. Frida "shushes" her.
Frida says: "This is awful."
Frida says: "I never meant for our protest to have any effect."
Frida says: "Now what do we do?"
Trixie says: "Maybe we should just surrender and serve our six weeks in jail."
Dixie says: "Hey, yeah!"
Dixie says: "We could do each other's toenails and make shivs."
Leela says: "That's crazy."
Leela says: "We've done nothing wrong, other than killing and dismembering the vice-president."
Leela says: "We need to make a choice, sisters."
Leela says: "We can either keep pestering criminals like Leo Wong with silly slogans..."
ALL says: "Yeah."
ALL says: "Let's do that."
Leela says: "Actually, I meant that to be the less preferable alternative."
Leela says: "We can either chant slogans or we can take action."
Dixie says: "What was the first choice again?"
Leela says: "I choose to save the environment by sabotaging Leo Wong's golf course."
Leela says: "Who's with me?"
Frida says: "Could we still use our bullhorns?"
Leela says: "Absolutely."
Leela says: "Bullhorns are a core principle of eco-feminism."
Frida says: "Then I'm in."
They all cheer, then Frida shushes them through her megaphone.
Leela says: "Who's ready to kick some sweaty man-butt?"
They cheer.
Dixie says: "I've got my pointy man-kicking shoes on."
Trixie says: "Those are cute."
Dixie says: "Aren't they?"
Dixie says: "I got them at Nine West."
Leela says: "Simmer down, warriors."
Leela says: "Full power to the vagyroscope!"
Cut to a street sweeper-like vehicle cleaning up the rings around a planet.
Mr. Wong says: "Those dirty rings."
Mr. Wong says: "I tried soaking them out, even blasting them out."
The Camper stops near the cleaning vehicle. Leela and Frida emerge and pour sugar in the fuel filler.
Frida says: "Are you sure about this?"
Frida says: "It would be better for propaganda if we weren't using refined sugar."
Leela says: "It's okay."
Leela says: "The potato we're shoving in the tailpipe is organic."
She clogs the tail pipe and fly away. The cleaner breaks down.
Mr. Wong says: "I smell sabotage."
Mr. Wong says: "Ooh, and potatoes."
The girls cheer as they fly away from the planet.
Leela says: "Now, unfortunately, the media is going to put a negative spin on this, like when we killed that guy, so to win public support, we'll need a lovable mascot."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg is in a room alone with the muck leech."
[Scene says: "It is in a glass terrarium in the lounge at Planet Express."
Zoidberg says: ": Squirm all you want, you nasty dumpling."
Zoidberg says: "One less species for the universe, one more breakfast for..."
Leela says: "Zoidberg?"
Zoidberg says: "Leela."
Zoidberg says: "Me saving things the leech."
Zoidberg says: "Not the eating of it."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, I'm very surprised at you, slightly."
Leela lets the leech clamp onto her arm and Zoidberg stares, then slurps at it. Cut to Leela leaving Planet Express.
Fry says: "Psst!"
Fry says: "Leela."
Leela says: "Shh!"
Leela says: "I'm a fugitive."
Fry says: "I know."
Fry says: "I miss you so much, Leela, even more than when you were here."
Leela says: "I miss you, too, Fry."
Leela says: "And you probably think what I'm doing is wrong."
Leela says: "But it's something I really care about..."
Fry says: "You don't have to explain, Leela."
Fry says: "You're you."
Fry says: "That's all I need to know."
Leela says: "Goodbye, sweet goofbag."
She walks over to the Camper, knocks twice and gets pulled in. They fly away. Zoom out of just Fry standing on the sidewalk to show Zoidberg and Bender are there as well.
Bender says: ": I'll miss her, too, buddy."
Bender says: "Dibs on her iPod."
Zoidberg says: "Dibs on her- ohh..."
[Scene says: "Fry is walking through the streets of New New York."
[Scene says: "He comes upon Hutch drinking a bottle of wine in an alley."
Hutch says: "Hey, Fry!"
Hutch says: "Long time, man."
Fry says: "Hey, Hutch!"
Fry says: "What have you been up to?"
Hutch says: "Same old, same old."
Hutch says: "Searching the dumpsters, protecting my thoughts with tin foil, peeing myself."
Fry says: "So, what brings you to Earth?"
Hutch says: "It's top secret."
Hutch says: "Hey, take off your helmet and I'll think it to you."
Fry says: "Okay."
Fry says: "Here goes."
Fry removes his hat and Hutch hits him over the head with a bottle. Hutch walks over to a dumpster, knocks twice and it mechanically opens. There is a bright light emitted from it. He throws Fry's limp body in and follows. The lid closes as he gets in. Cut to Fry waking up on a mattress.
Fry says: "Where are you?"
Fry says: "And me?"
Hutch says: "The Great Hall of the Ancient Legion of Madfellows."
Hutch says: "Welcome, bro."
ALL says: "Welcome, bro."
Hutch says: "Sorry I bashed your head in, buddy, but I had to."
Hutch says: "You see, the fate of the universe depends on you."
Fry says: "Yeah, I get that a lot."
Hutch says: "The Grand Curator will tell you more."
Fry says: "Take me to him."
He is the man behind Hutch.
Nine says: "Hey, man."
Fry says: "Hey."
Nine says: "So dig this, Fry."
Nine says: "Our commune has been monitoring the universe's life energy for, like, a really long time, and we're grokking some super weird junk."
Fry says: "Um, I don't mean to be rude, but it's kind of hard to take you seriously when you say junk like "grok" and "junk."
Nine says: "What about "commune"?"
Fry says: "Especially "commune."
Fry says: "" Come on, it's the fate of the universe, puff it up a little."
Fry says: "Like you could say your ancient order is sensing deep upheaval in the cosmic life energy field."
Everybody murmurs.
Nine says: "Okay."
Nine says: "I'll try."
Nine says: "So, like, a really, really long time ago..."
Nine says: "The Green Chi generated a great upwelling of life across the cosmos."
Nine says: "But then, for reasons unknown..."
Fry says: "Ooh."
Fry says: ""Reasons unknown."
Fry says: "" Now that's the sort of hook that grabs the attention of me, the viewer."
Nine says: "For reasons unknown..."
Fry says: "Nice."
Nine says: "..."
Nine says: "the Chi began to recede, and the diversity of life began to wither."
Nine says: "The life forms we know today are but a fraction of a fraction of the magnificence that once existed."
Hutch says: "But a bunch of dudes, right, they totally passed this far-out knowledge down through the ages."
The holograms shows previous Madfellows proclaiming the word with their tin foil hats on.
Nine says: "Some with this knowledge were called prophets, some, fruitcakes."
Nine says: "We, the Legion of Madfellows, are their heirs."
The current Legion of Madfellows is shown in the hologram.
Fry says: "Hey, I'm on TV."
Nine says: "Well, that's the show."
Fry says: "Neat."
Fry says: "What's it got to do with me?"
Nine says: "Ahh, pooperdoodle!"
Nine says: "I mean, pardon the omission."
Nine says: "You see, after untold eternities, we have sensed a resurgence in the Chi."
Fry says: "Hey, that's the violet dwarf star that Leela wants to save."
Hutch says: "Freaking nailed it, corndog."
Nine says: "We believe this star heralds a new green age, and it's your destiny to be its shepherd and protector."
Fry says: "Me?"
Fry says: "Why?"
Hutch says: "'Cause you got, like, no delta brainwave, man."
Hutch says: "The Dark Ones can't groove off your thoughts."
Nine says: "Silence, Hutch!"
Nine says: "You shall learn more in time, Fry."
Nine says: "But for now, let's just say we have enemies, enemies who can read minds, except yours."
Fry says: "Cool."
Fry says: "I can't wait to tell Leela."
Nine says: "No!"
Nine says: "If you tell anyone, then their thoughts could be read, and our enemies would know of our existence."
Nine says: "For the sake of those you love, you must keep this secret."
Nine says: "Do you foot-swear?"
Fry says: "Oh, okay."
Fry says: "I foot-swear."
They perform a "foot shake" agreeing to the terms.
Nine says: "Good."
Nine says: "Now, to save the coming of the green age, you must stop this man."
Mr. Wong is shown on the hologram.
Fry says: "I know him."
Fry says: "Leo Wong."
Fry says: "I work with his daughter."
Nine says: "Oh, good, that will cut about 15 minutes of explanation."
Nine says: "You must gain Wong's confidence, infiltrate his organization and prevent him from destroying the violet dwarf."
Fry salutes Nine with his foot. The act is reciprocated.
[Scene says: "Fry is in Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong's office at the Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
Mr. Wong says: "Looking for a job, eh?"
Fry says: "Yes, sir."
Fry says: "Nothing fancy."
Fry says: "I'm willing to start at the bottom and infiltrate my way up."
'Mr. Wong says: "Sorry, no openings right now."
'Mr. Wong says: ": What I need is security guard to keep nutcases out of my office."
Fry says: "I'm good at keeping nutcases."
Mr. Wong says: "I said no way."
Mr. Wong says: ": Security guard gotta be tough."
Mr. Wong says: "This idiot don't look like he could handle those feministas."
Fry says: "I look like an idiot who can handle those feministas."
Mr Wong says: "He'll have to do better than that."
Fry says: "I'll have to do better than that."
Mr. Wong says: "Hmm."
Mr. Wong says: "You and I think a lot alike."
Mr. Wong says: "You really think you can stand up to those eco-freakos?"
Fry says: "Sir, with me around, they'll be the least of your worries."
[Scene says: "The 18th hole of Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong's course."
[Scene says: "It's a mess of tubes leading to the green from a giant plastic gorilla head."
Tester says: "Stand by, men."
Tester says: "And manly aliens."
Tester says: "Prepare to test fire King Kong hole."
The manly alien launches the ball at the gorilla. It goes into his mouth and comes out on the green, rolling into the hole for an ace.
Sal says: "It workses."
Tester says: "Good job, men."
Tester says: "And manly aliens."
Tester says: "Construction of King Kong hole complete."
The Feministas' camper is approaching in the background.
Frida says: "Typical."
Frida says: "Always King Kong, never Queen..."
Frida says: "Quong."
A few Feministas leap from the Camper onto the green and plant hooks in the turf and the bumper of their vehicle.
Sal says: "What are those, hooks?"
Sal says: "Get out of heres, you hookers."
Sal says: "This is my turfs."
The Camper blasts off from the green, pulling the turf with it and sending the asteroid, which the green was placed on, spinning out of control and smashing into the tubes.
Sal says: "Helpses!"
The Feministas cheer as they spray the gorilla head with make-up.
Leela says: "You go, gorilla!"
[Scene says: "A news broadcast."
[Scene says: "The vandalized gorilla is used as an image on the story."
Morbo says: "Our top story."
Morbo says: "The string of eco-vandalism that began with a harmless vice-presidential killing has spread across the galaxy."
Linda says: "Why do you always get to read the top story, Morbo?"
Morbo says: "Because viewers trust a deep male voice and huge, throbbing forehead veins."
Linda says: "Not all reaction to the crime spree has been negative."
Linda says: "We spoke with several people who viewed these courageous eco-feminists as heroes."
Petunia says: "I just wish there was some way to..."
Petunia says: "Excuse me."
Petunia says: "Some way to show I support 'em."
Petunia says: "Send them some smokes or something."
Linda says: "So you make more than twice what I do."
Linda says: "What?"
Linda says: "This just in: Root 2 News has received a video communique from the eco-feminists' unknown hideout."
Leela says: "This is sub-commander L."
Leela says: ", den mother of the Feminista Revolutionary Collective, with a message for Leo Wong."
Leela says: "Leo, you're a parasite on the universe, and parasites must be destroyed."
Leela says: "That's why we've adopted this parasite as our mascot."
Linda Mimicking the Feministas' actions] says: "Feministas unite!"
[Scene says: "Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong is in his office with Nixon."
Linda says: "Feministas unite!"
Nixon says: "Incredible."
Nixon says: "Absolutely incredible."
Nixon says: "You're telling me this TiVo machine can pause and rewind live TV?"
Mr. Wong says: "These crazy broads gonna ruin me, Nixon."
Mr. Wong says: "You gotta help me."
Mr. Wong says: "Send the army or something."
Mr. Wong says: "Something big that shoots."
Nixon says: "Sir, I don't care if you are my biggest contributor."
Nixon says: "Our armed forces do not serve your private business interests."
Mr. Wong says: "Sorry, I..."
Nixon says: "I'm just yanking your chain, Leo."
Nixon says: "I'm on it like boring on Gerry Ford."
[Scene says: "The White House Oval Office."
[Scene says: "Nixon and Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong are present."
Zapp Brannigan says: "Zapp Brannigan purporting for duty."
Zapp Brannigan says: "For the love of God, Kif, less piccolo, more fife."
Kif is playing many instruments as a one-man band. He sighs at Zapp's demand.
Nixon says: "Report, Brannigan."
Zapp says: "Mr."
Zapp says: "President, I failed to identify these curvaceous banditas despite hours of staring at their dossiers."
Zapp says: "Yet, I seemed to have stroked myself upon good luck, for a patriot of the highest order has volunteered to lead us to them."
Kif performs a drum roll and Bender walks into the room. Bender says "Hey oh" like Ed McMahon.
Nixon says: "These eco-feminists are ruthless criminals who'll stop at nothing to save the environment."
Nixon says: "I don't see how a bending unit can catch them."
Bender says: "Not just any bending unit, Presidente."
Bender says: "I happen to be brilliant, fearless and short on cash."
Nixon says: "Slush him, Kroker."
Kif opens a wall safe and takes out a briefcase, out of which he pulls money, counting it as he gives it to Bender.
Zapp says: "Bender here has identified the femdito commander as my ex-lover, Turanga Leela, whom I once made love at."
By the end of this line, Bender has taken all of the money from the briefcase and has started emptying the wall safe.
Nixon says: "And he's willing to fink her out for a few simoleons?"
Bender says: "It's not about the money, Nixon, though I'd like much more."
Bender says: "It's 'cause Leela's a threat."
Bender says: "A threat to my reputation."
Bender says: "She's committed 30 felonies in 12 star systems."
Bender says: "If no one stops her, she'll break my record for longest rap sheet."
Nixon says: "That's a despicable motive, Bender, and I respect it."
Bender says: "Gracias."
Bender says: "Now, I could find Leela, but you'll need to authorize a wiretap."
Nixon says: "As many as you like."
Bender says: "I only need one."
Nixon says: "Let's call it six."
Kif says: "Question."
Kif says: "If you don't know where Leela is, how can you wiretap her?"
Bender says: "I'm not wiretapping her, Greensleeves."
Bender says: "You see, like all women, Leela has one weakness."
[Scene says: "Bender is descending upon Fry by parachute."
[Scene says: "Fry is working as a security guard."
Bender says: "Hello, weakness!"
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, check it out."
Fry says: "I'm Leo Wong's new security guard."
Fry says: "I got an ID badge and a flashlight, and I ordered this mustache."
Bender says: "Neat."
Bender says: "Say, speaking of whatever the hell you just said, I need to make a cell phone telephone call."
Bender says: "Can borrow your cell phone telephone?"
Fry says: "Okay, but don't restart my Tetris."
Fry says: "I was finally about to get one of those pieces that looks like a backwards "L."
Bender says: "Okay, superstud."
Bender walks off screen as Mr. Wong and Amy approach Fry.
Mr. Wong says: "Looking good, security."
Mr. Wong says: "No feministas getting past you."
Fry says: "No, sir."
Fry says: "Not on my mustache's watch."
Bender is in the background struggling with Fry's phone.
Amy says: "Fry, I can't believe you're working with my dad against Leela."
Amy says: "How can you claim to be her friend and still want her in jail?"
Fry says: "It's a tightrope walk, I won't deny it."
Fry says: "It takes the kind of multi-sided thinking your dad's so brilliant at."
Amy says: "You mean being two-faced?"
Mr. Wong says: "Don't mind cranky-pants here."
Mr. Wong says: "She been cranky ever since she was a fat little girl."
Amy says: "Dad!"
Mr. Wong says: "Can I be brutally honest, Fry?"
Mr. Wong says: "I always wanted a son."
Fry says: "That hurt, but I can take it."
Amy says: "I knew you wanted a son!"
Amy says: "Why do you think I became a miniature golf champion?"
Amy says: "Why do you think I wear these stupid boys' sweat suits?"
Mr. Wong says: "To hide your big, fat butt, that's why."
Fry says: "Now, sir, in fairness, Amy's butt is actually pretty hot."
Amy says: "What is it with you men?"
Amy says: "Why does everything revolve around my butt?"
Mr. Wong says: "'Cause it's so big and massive."
Fry says: "Sorry."
Amy says: "That's it!"
Amy says: "Why don't you just adopt Fry and make him the son you never had?"
Amy says: "That'll replace the daughter you don't have anymore!"
She grunts as she shoves her way past Bender.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "What's with Big Butt?"
Mr. Wong says: "She just hungry."
Bender says: "Here you go, Fry."
Fry says: "Thanks."
Bender gives Fry his phone back. There is a large antenna device sticking out of the top of it.
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "FYI, I dropped that Tetris piece in the wrong place and ended the game."
Fry says: "No!"
[Scene says: "Fry is locking up Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
Fry says: "Great!"
Fry says: "Now Amy's gonna tell Leela I'm a jerk."
Fry says: "If only I could explain I'm on a secret mission against evil."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "Evil?"
Fry says: "Yeah, yeah, evil."
Frida says: "Take your mands off of me!"
Fry says: "I'm on your side."
Frida says: "Don't shush me."
Fry says: "Please, can you take a message to Leela?"
Frida says: "What is it?"
Fry says: "Just say her sweet goofbag is working to save the violet dwarf star, just like she is."
Frida says: "Very well, I'll fem-municate your man-formation."
Fry says: "Just tell her."
She shushes him again.
[Scene says: "Planet Express."
[Scene says: "There is a banner on the balcony which reads "Going out of business forever!"
[Scene says: "Again!"
Farnsworth says: "Well, this is it, old friends."
Farnsworth says: "Planet Express is done for, what with our delivery crew missing and the abysmal sales of Tickle Me Bender."
Bender Doll says: "Quit touching my junk, pervert!"
Farnsworth says: "Hold out your hands and I'll remove your career chips."
Zoidberg says: "I hate to see it come to an end."
Zoidberg says: "When will it end?"
Farnsworth moves on to Hermes when the phone starts to ring.
Hermes says: "Shouldn't you get that, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "I suppose."
Farnsworth says: "Hello?"
Mr. Wong says: "Professor, old buddy, I'm gonna blow up the violet dwarf star."
Mr. Wong says: "So I need you deliver billion-mile security fence to keep out protesters."
Mr. Wong says: "Dirty business."
Mr. Wong says: "Lot of money."
Mr. Wong says: "You corrupt enough?"
Farnsworth says: "Damn skippy!"
Farnsworth says: "Good news, crybabies!"
Farnsworth says: "We're back in business."
They both cheer and Farnsworth quickly implants their chips back. They both wail in pain. Cut to an exterior shot of Planet Express. The hangar doors open, but the ship blasts through the front entrance instead. A shot of the Violet Dwarf Star System shows the Planet Express ship approaching while making abrupt jolts left and right with Farnsworth at the helm.
Hermes says: "Sweet kookaburra of Edinburgh, Professor."
Hermes says: "You sure you know how to fly this thing?"
Farnsworth says: "I invented it, didn't I?"
Farnsworth says: "You wouldn't ask Thomas Edison whether he knew how to use a sexmatron."
They all gasps as they see the Feministas' van approaching head on.
Zoidberg says: "The Feministas, probably."
As they meet, the Planet Express ship skids to a stop. The van circles around and around the ship while spray painting it pink.
Leela says: "Halt!"
Leela says: "What are you doing in this parallelogram of space?"
Farnsworth says: "We're delivering a fence to keep you ladies in your place."
A hole is cut through the roof of the ship and the Feministas drop through.
Zoidberg says: "Amy?"
Hermes says: "LaBarbara?"
LaBarbara says: "That's right, husband."
LaBarbara says: "From now on, you make your own Manwiches."
Leela says: "Under the articles of the confemiracy, we hereby wo-mandeer this ship."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no, you don't."
Zoidberg says: "It's three against three."
Many other Feministas drop through a second hole and land on the the manly trio.
[Scene says: "Wong Ranch."
Mrs. Wong says: "That was the greatest play I ever saw."
Mrs. Wong says: "It must have had 20 acts."
Mr. Wong exits the carriage, cracks his back and gasps at what he sees in the sky. It's the Feministas approaching in their pink Planet Express ship with the fence. They drop the fence on them, trapping them in a semi-sphere.
Leela says: "We installed your fence, Leo Wong."
Inside the ship the Feministas cheer.
Linda says: "Should we shout a clever slogan?"
Leela says: "You mean something like, "The best defense is a good fence?"
Linda says: "Yeah, something like that, only funny."
Leela says: "I wish we could, but our chief slogan writer is back at the Honeybun Hideout."
Cut to the hideout where Frida is working on protest signs.
Frida says: "Does "violet dwarf" rhyme with "men are dorks"?"
Frida says: "It does through a megaphone."
Frida says: ": That reminds me, I've got to tell Leela about that weirdo who wants to save the violet dwarf."
Mysterious says: "So, the Legion of Madfellows has a new pawn, eh?"
Sinister Voice says: "So, the Legion of Madfellows has a new pawn, eh?"
Frida says: "Is somebody here?"
Frida says: "If you're the DSL guy, you're two days late."
Mysterious says: "Who gave you that message for Leela?"
Sinister Voice says: "Who gave you that message for Leela?"
Frida says: "I don't know his name."
Mysterious says: "Then you are of no use to the Dark Ones!"
Sinister Voice says: "Then you are of no use to the Dark Ones!"
She is choked by seemingly nothing.
Frida says: "Long lost brother, avenge my death."
She chokes more and falls to the floor.
Mysterious Voice says: "Where are your crappy rhymes now, Frida Waterfall?"
Frida says: "I'm dead."
Frida says: "I'm dead."
[Scene says: "Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
[Scene says: "Fry is locking up."
Fry says: "Six, seven, eight."
Fry says: "Lock the gate."
Fry says: "One, two, three."
Fry says: "Turn the key."
Fry says: "30, 50, 10."
Fry says: "My dirty, shifty friend?"
Hutch says: "Hey, Fry, long time."
They stare at each other for a moment, then Fry is once again bottled by Hutch, who then opens the bottle and takes a drink. Cut to Fry waking up.
Hutch says: "Welcome back to the Legion of Madfellows, man."
Fry says: "Why'd you bonk me, you idiot?"
Fry says: "You could have just asked me to come with you."
Fry says: "And where are we?"
Fry says: "This doesn't look like your regular dumpster."
Nine says: "All in good time!"
Nine says: "I guess now is a good time."
Nine says: "We are on Mars, in a forgotten cavern abandoned by the native Martians a million years ago."
Fry says: "Actually, it was five years ago."
Fry says: "I remember 'cause they washed my socks."
Nine says: "You have done well, Fry."
Nine says: "You have ingratiated yourself with Leo Wong."
Fry says: "Yup, I kissed his ass from cheek to shining cheek."
Fry says: "So, what do I do next?"
Nine says: "As Wong security chief, you will be on hand when he attempts to destroy the violet dwarf."
Nine says: "You must not let that happen."
Fry says: ""Must let happen."
Nine says: "Not happen!"
Fry says: ""Must let occur."
Nine says: "Let me tell you a story."
Nine says: "A story of two alien species so ancient that compared to them the human race is a mere college senior!"
Nine says: "On a distant planetoid they evolved to cooperate in their quest to survive."
A hologram shows a snake and a frog like creature. The frog pushes the snake up to knock a bug free from a leaf. They both eat half of the bug.
Fry says: "Cooperation, because life is a team sport."
Nine says: "But, over time, one species evolved a better strategy, and an evolutionary arms race began."
The hologram shows the frog pushing the snake up again, but letting it drop into his mouth instead. The next hologram shows the snake countering this by inflating himself so it won't fit in the frog's mouth and instead crushes it. The next shows the frog countering this by using a sharp tail to pop the inflated snake. The next shows the snake countering this by growing a natural armour to defend itself from the piercing tail and then turning its body inside-out to ingest the frog.
Nine says: "That concludes the audio-visual portion of our head-clonk and lecture."
Fry says: "Wait, what happened to the snakes and the frogs?"
Fry says: "I need to know!"
Nine says: "The frogs, or possibly the snakes, evolved into vicious killing machines, honed by the merciless forces of natural selection and intelligent design."
Nine says: "We call these the Dark Ones!"
Pan over to Fry's shadow who shudders and picks his nose.
Nine says: "These evil creatures preyed on all life, driving species after species to extinction."
Nine says: "Meanwhile, however, the second species evolved to fend off the Dark Ones, befriending and protecting all other living things."
Fry says: "Even Céline Dion?"
Nine says: "Probably."
Nine says: "We call these noble beings the Encyclopods, because their DNA incorporates the DNA of every endangered species they encountered, so they can recreate them if they go extinct."
Fry says: "Just as a pillow, a wig and a corncob pipe can be used to recreate my old girlfriend!"
Nine says: "Bingo."
[Scene says: "At the Feministas' hideout."
Transition Announcer 2 says: "Meanwhile, at the Honeybun Hideout."
Hermes, Zoidberg and Farnsworth are locked up.
LaBarbara says: "There!"
LaBarbara says: "Now you know how it feels to be locked up in a go-go cage."
Hermes says: "What the hell are you talking about?"
LaBarbara says: "Shut your man-hole."
She presses a button. Music starts playing and coloured lights spin around the room. The three men eerily groan as they force themselves to dance.
Hermes says: "I feel dirty."
Cut to the other room of the cave.
Leela says: "Are you sure Fry is working for your father?"
Leela says: "It just doesn't seem like him to be so evil, or to hold down a job."
Amy says: "It's true, Leela."
Amy says: "Cross My Heart bra and swear to Goddess."
Leela says: "But the Fry I know wouldn't do that."
Leela says: "I'm gonna call his cell phone telephone and prove you wrong."
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "Frida's been murdered!"
The Feministas all gasp.
LaBarbara says: "Sweet she-cattle of Seattle!"
Hermes says: "Not your strong suit, woman."
Amy says: "Who could have done this?"
Leela says: "Your dad?"
Leela says: "Nixon?"
Amy says: "Fry?"
Leela says: "No, never."
Leela says: "I don't think."
Leela says: "Anyhow, there's a crazed murderer on the loose, possibly in the shadows or hanging from the ceiling!"
Leela says: "So just stay calm while I call Fry."
Leela forces the door open and stands on Frida's body while making the call. Cut to Fry talking with Nine.
Fry says: "So where are the Encyclopods and the Dark Ones now?"
Nine says: "Wh-..."
Nine says: "Many more died out, like the Encyclopods."
Nine says: "But, and this is the great secret of our age, we believe they left an egg behind."
Fry says: "Is it edible?"
Nine says: "We're not gonna eat it!"
Nine says: "Not unless we find a second one."
Nine says: "No, Fry, we intend to hatch it!"
Hutch says: "And that's where you come in."
Fry says: "And here I am."
Nine says: "At long last the tide of Chi has returned, and its nourishing flow has awakened the dormant egg."
Fry says: "That's good."
Hutch says: "It's better than good."
Hutch says: "It's better."
Hutch says: "With its massive stash of DNA, the Encyclopod can reconstruct every species that ever went extinct."
Nine says: "Imagine, all the animals that failed evolution's test, alive again!"
Nine says: "The dodo bird, the brittle-klutz, the striped biologist-taunter."
Fry says: "So, where is this egg?"
Nine says: "In the violet dwarf star system."
Fry says: "And what does it look like?"
Nine says: "A violet dwarf star!"
Fry says: "You mean, the whole star is a single..."
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Sci-fi."
Nine says: "Alas!"
Nine says: "Even now, a Dark One is headed to the star to ensure its destruction."
Fry says: "Dang!"
Fry says: "So what does this Dark One look like?"
Nine says: "We don't know."
Nine says: "I admit it's a horrifically grave situation."
Hutch says: "Don't sugarcoat it, Nine."
Hutch says: "The Dark Ones have been evolving so long, it could be anything or anyone."
Hutch says: "Or anybody."
Fry says: "You mean, like, people?"
Hutch says: "Any people."
Hutch says: "It will kill the egg, and every dude, woman and child who knows about it."
Nine says: "Even our crazy caps will be useless at close range."
Nine says: "That's why only you, with your defective unreadable brainwave, may be able to thwart them and usher in a new green age of wonder and..."
Fry's cell phone starts ringing.
Fry says: "You're on Fry-time."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Did you get my message?"
Leela says: "What message?"
Fry says: "Didn't you see Frida Waterfall?"
Leela says: "So you did kill Frida Waterfall?"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "I told her to tell you that I'm..."
Fry says: "Oh, Jeep!"
Fry says: "The Dark Ones got her."
Fry says: "It's all true."
Fry says: "We need to talk, Leela."
Fry says: "Then I can explain..."
Fry says: "Well, I can't explain anything, but we should talk anyway."
Fry says: "Where are you?"
Leela says: "Oh, no."
Leela says: "I'm not gonna expose the Honeybun Hideout."
Leela says: "Where are you?"
Fry says: "Near the Keeler Crater on Mars."
Fry says: "Do you know it?"
Leela says: "I, I, uh..."
Leela says: "I think I read about it."
Cut to Bender, Zapp and Kif listening in on the call.
Leela says: "I'll meet you at the south rim in one hour."
Leela says: "No moustaches."
Leela hangs up and Bender turns off the speaker and does an evil laugh.
Zapp says: "Kif, set coordinates, 36-24-36."
Zapp says: "AKA, Leela."
[Scene says: "Mars, the southern rim of the Keeler Crater."
Fry says: "Ten minutes late."
Fry says: "Ain't that just like a womanista?"
Leela says: "Psst."
Leela says: "Are you alone?"
Fry says: "Of course, don't you trust me?"
The Nimbus emerges on the horizon.
Zapp says: "There's no escape, Leela."
Zapp says: "If you surrender, wave your shirt in the air."
Leela says: "Fry, you traitor!"
Leela begins to remove her shirt.
Amy says: "Hop onto the magnet, Leela!"
Leela says: "Okay."
Leela says: "One, two..."
Leela says: "I can't believe you ratted me out, Fry."
Fry says: "I'm not a rat, I swear."
Fry says: "If I'm any rodent, it's the loyal capybara, king of the rats!"
Fry says: "No, wait."
The ship is hit by a shot from the Nimbus.
Linda says: "This just in, we are about to get our asses blown off."
Linda says: "LaBarbara?"
LaBarbara says: "That's right, Linda."
Amy says: "Stay strong, ladies."
Amy says: "We can lose them in the giant miniature golf course."
Fry says: "But the course isn't finished."
Fry says: "And there's no girls allowed."
Amy says: "Fore!"
Zapp says: "So, they want to play mini golf, eh?"
Zapp says: "Two can play at that game."
Zapp says: "Or even four, depending on the number of ball colors available."
Bender and Kif sigh at the same time.
Zapp says: "I choose pink."
Kif says: "That's their color, sir."
Zapp says: "The hell it is."
Leela says: "They're gaining on us."
Leela says: "We need a birdie on the windmill hole."
Amy says: "Wait."
Amy says: "Wait."
Amy says: "Drop the boot!"
Leela steps on the accelerator. They make it through the windmill and everybody cheers.
Kif says: "Sir, at our present speed, the computer predicts a 100% chance we'll be sliced in half."
Kif says: "We'll never make it."
Zapp says: "Not with that attitude, we won't."
Zapp says: "Same speed ahead!"
The Nimbus is sliced in half by a blade of the windmill. The trail of smoke is polluted by bodies of suffocating soldiers.
Zapp says: "We made it through, Kif."
Zapp says: "How many men did we lose?"
Kif says: "All of them."
Zapp says: "Well, at least they won't have to mourn each other."
Zapp says: "Seal the airlocks, and draw the shades."
Zapp says: "Resume shooting."
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "The gorilla!"
Fry says: "That's a par-four!"
Everybody screams.
Leela says: "The mouth's too dangerous."
Leela says: "I'm going for the nose."
Amy says: "Don't be a sucker."
Amy says: "You won't come out anywhere near the hole."
Amy says: "You need to aim for the jaws just when they start to close."
Leela says: "Start to close?"
Leela says: "Are you out of your..."
Amy holds up her magazine cover of herself on Mini-Golf Digest. Leela aims for the mouth and makes it through.
Leela says: "We made it!"
Zapp says: "Captaining 101."
Zapp says: "Go for the nose."
The ship enters the right nostril and exits the left then rams into the banana. Everybody is thrown to the floor and a fire starts.
Bender says: "My arms are broken."
Bender says: "I'll never paint again."
Kif says: "You can't sue the military."
Bender says: "I'm okay then."
Zapp says: "Damage report."
Kif says: "We lost all remaining food and oxygen, Captain."
Kif says: "As well as our XM Radio antenna."
Zapp says: "Then this chase is over."
Zapp says: "Kif, set course for the nearest XM repair facility."
Zapp says: "Meanwhile, we shall sing top hits from the '80s."
Kif says: "Which '80s, sir?"
Zapp says: "For me, there are only one '80s."
Zapp says: "And I'm hungry like the wolf."
Cut back to the Planet Express ship traversing the mini-golf pipe. Everybody screams while in the yellow tube.
Hermes says: "The shot was too good!"
Hermes says: "We're jamming straight for the hole."
Zoidberg says: "We're gonna crash, even."
Amy says: "Shmeesh, shmell out, shmeverybody."
Amy says: "It's a wormhole hole."
Farnsworth says: "Of course, a wormhole!"
Farnsworth says: "We'll simply disappear and reappear in a..."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "nother part of the universe."
Amy says: "We made it!"
Farnsworth says: "Uh, whaa..."
The occupants of the ship cheer, but are silenced after they realize they are right back with the Nimbus.
Leela says: "Crud nuggets!"
Leela says: "We de-spaced right next to the Nimbus."
Zoidberg says: "Just when you think the chase is over, it gets twice as exciting!"
The three comrades are sitting in the bridge, Bender still humming "Hungry Like a Wolf" by Duran Duran, when he spots the opposing ship.
Bender says: "Hey, look at that."
Zapp says: "Well, well, well."
Zapp says: "My bloodhound-like instincts must have hunted them down while my other parts were throbbing to Duran Duran."
Kif says: "Shall I initiate a pointless and potentially fatal pursuit?"
Zapp says: "Make it so."
Bender says: "It's gonna be fun on the bun, in space."
The Nimbus starts up and takes off from the XM repair station, severely damaging it. The Planet Express ship flies by the Violet Dwarf Star System and observes the life on it.
Leela says: "Look!"
Leela says: "The asteroid."
Leela says: "Now it's crawling with life."
Leela says: "Like Zoidberg's sandals!"
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "It's incredible."
Leela says: "But it'll be destroyed when Leo Wong blows up the violet dwarf."
Leela says: "So why are you helping him?"
Fry says: "I can't tell you, Leela."
Fry says: "You just have to trust me."
Leela says: "You keep saying that, but you have to give me something to go on or I..."
An alarm goes off.
Planet Express Ship Alarm says: "Out of whale oil."
Planet Express Ship Alarm says: "Out of whale oil."
Leela says: "The out-of-fuel indicator."
Leela says: "It's indicating."
Zoidberg says: "Say, what's that violet-colored dwarf-like star thing we're drifting into?"
Leela says: "The violet dwarf star!"
Fry says: "Of course."
Fry says: "The gorilla was the 18th hole, so we're headed into the ball return."
Zoidberg says: "Aye, what else now can go wrong?"
The ship shakes and there is a loud crash.
Zapp on the monitor) says: "Ladies, you're under arrest."
Zapp on the monitor) says: "Prepare to be boarded again and again."
Petunia says: "He'll never take me alive."
Leela says: "Don't give up yet."
Leela says: "I've got one more trick up my sleeve."
Amy says: "That's exactly the number we need."
Cut to Kif and Zapp. They leap from the Nimbus and float down to the Planet Express ship. They settle at the window of the ship.
Zapp says: "Ah, the fairer sex."
Fry, Zoidberg, Hermes and Farnsworth are dancing in the go-go cage.
Zapp says: "Something's very wrong here, and yet a little bit right."
Guns are cocked.
Leela says: "Not so fast, Brannigan."
Bender says: "Even less fast, feministas!"
They all gasps.
Leela says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "All two tons of me."
Bailiff says: "Oye, oye, oye."
Bailiff says: "All rise for the honorable Chief Justice D-O-G-G and the Associate Justices."
Sal pulls the judges out from the back room.
Judge Dogg says: "Yo."
Judge Dogg says: "Seat it or beat it."
Judge Dogg says: "The charges against y'all femditos is murder, mayhem, vandalism, kidnapping and resisting arrest."
Judge Dogg says: "Damn!"
Judge Dogg says: "The big five."
Judge Dogg says: "You may now make your opening "what you got to say for yourselves."
Leela says: "May it please the Court..."
Leela says: "I mean, may it plizzle the cozizzle."
Judge Dogg says: "Proceed."
Leela says: "These charges are outrageous."
Leela says: "Our only goal was to save a rare violet star and its precious ecosystem."
Leela says: "If protecting the environment is a crime, then..."
Judge Dogg says: "Protecting the environment is a crime."
Leela' says: "I rest my mouth."
Time lapse.
Bailiff says: "Do you swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth?"
Nixon says: "I..."
Nixon says: "Well, now, I..."
Nixon says: "Am I under oath when I take the oath?"
Time lapse.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's head says: "Can the witness identify the feminista leader?"
Bender says: "That's her right there, with the "I'm gonna kill you Bender" look in her eye."
Antonin Scalia's Head says: "Hey, aren't you the robot who robbed me at gunpoint last year?"
Bender says: "No further answers, Your Honor."
Time lapse.
Fry says: "Please, Justice Dogg, Leela and her friends are completely innocent."
Judge Dogg says: "Hold up."
Judge Dogg says: "Were you or were you not abducted by these hoes?"
Fry says: "Well, abducted is such an ugly word."
Time lapse.
Clarence Thomas' head says: "Mr."
Clarence Thomas' head says: "Wong, the court cannot compel you to testify against your own daughter."
Mr. Wong says: "No."
Mr. Wong says: "No, I want to."
Mr. Wong says: "Also, I got something to say about my wife."
Cut to Judge Dogg, who is listening to music on headphones.
Judge Dogg says: "Aw, yeah."
Judge Dogg says: "Having heard some of the testimony over these jams I've been listening to, me and my crew will now kick it in the mix."
The Bailiff connects all of the judges together. Their heads spin and electricity arcs between them as they deliberate. A pan across the Feministas show they are all holding hands. When Leela appears on the screen, she is holding hands with Zapp, who is grinning and waves at her with his fingers. She cracks his fingers and he falls to the floor in pain. The judges stop deliberating and Judge Dogg's jar is emitting bubbles and smoke.
Judge Dogg says: "A'ight."
Judge Dogg says: "We got us a verdict up in this High Court."
Judge Dogg says: "Bailiff, drop it like it's legal precedent."
Bailiff says: "In the matter of Leo Wong v."
Bailiff says: "The Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, four justices vote to convict, five to acquit."
The Feministas cheer.
Antonin Scalia's Head says: "However, since the vote was strictly along gender lines and the female justices' votes only count half, you are hereby found guilty."
The Feministas groan.
Ruth Ginsberg's Head says: "It's a humiliating and biased system, but it works."
Judge Dogg says: "Fifty years in the maximum security Dogg house."
Judge Dogg says: "Peace."
Sal pushes the judges back out of the room. Leela glares over at Fry.
[Scene says: "Maxi-Padlock: High-Security Women's Prison."
[Scene says: "A bus drives in through the security gates."
[Scene says: "The Feministas are put in a holding cell."
Warden says: "Ladies!"
Warden says: "Welcome to Hell."
Petunia says: "Beats Nutley on a Saturday night."
Warden says: "This is a privately-owned for-profit prison and I run a tight, cheap ship!"
Warden says: "I've done this by cutting costs everywhere, especially on punishment."
Warden says: "I rely on you inmates to make prison unpleasant for yourselves."
Warden says: "You're encouraged to sexually harass new prisoners, organize no-holds-barred catfights and maintain poor hygiene."
Amy says: "Try and make me, copper."
Warden says: "Oh..."
Warden says: "a troublemaker."
Warden says: "Taste the lash of my 99-cent-store nightstick!"
The Warden strikes Amy and the fake nightstick squeaks upon impact.
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong's office in Wongminister Miniature Golf Club."
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Wong plays with a hologram of the violet dwarf star system."
Mr. Wong says: "Yee-ha!"
Mr. Wong says: "With the feministas in jail, it full speed ahead."
Mr. Wong says: "You and me, Fry."
Mr. Wong says: "We implode the violet dwarf star tomorrow."
Mr. Wong says: "Ka-boom-boom!"
Fry says: "You and me?"
Mr. Wong says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "Tomorrow?"
Mr. Wong says: "Tomorrow."
Fry says: "Ka-boom?"
Mr. Wong says: "Ka-boom-boom!"
Mr. Wong pushes down on the plunger and the hologram of the star explodes and vanishes. Fry looks nervous as Mr. Wong is seen evily laughing in the reflection of his tinfoil hat.
[Scene says: "Fry is wandering in the Martian Reservation."
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Madfellows?"
Fry says: "I need to-  Okay, Leo Wong's about to destroy the violet dwarf."
Fry says: "So, whatever I need to know to stop him, tell me now."
Nine says: "Alas!"
Nine says: "Stopping Wong isn't the only problem."
Nine says: "One of the Dark Ones will try to stop you from stopping him."
Nine says: "So, you must stop it from stopping you from stopping him."
Fry says: "But how can I stop it stop me stop him?"
Nine says: "Stop it!"
Nine says: "Behold, the Omega Device."
Hutch pulls a curtain to the side and reveals the device, which is sitting on a cardboard box.
Fry says: "That's it?"
Fry says: "The name "Omega Device" sort of conjured up something cooler looking."
Fry says: "Not that I'm disappointed or anything."
Nine says: "The important thing is what's inside."
Fry says: "What does that look like?"
Hutch says: "No one knows, man."
Hutch says: "It was invented by a blind inventor, and the one dude he described it to was deaf."
Mad Fellow says: "So the legend goes."
Nine says: "When activated, the device will emit a localized blast of delta-band noise to momentarily disable the Dark One."
Fry says: "Like farting in a tent?"
Nine says: "No, an elevator."
Nine says: "Which is why you must strike the enemy at point blank range!"
The Madfellows agree.
Fry says: "But the Dark One could look like anything or anyone, right?"
Hutch says: "Or anywhere."
Fry says: "So, what's your plan to recognize it?"
Nine says: "We don't have one."
Fry says: "Got it."
Hutch says: "And we don't dare think of one neither."
Hutch says: "'Cause if we do, the Dark Ones might sense kind of the general vibe."
Hutch says: "Even through our mighty foil."
Hutch says: "Oh, man!"
Hutch says: "Anyone got some tape or some gum?"
Nine says: "As my colleague indicated, the plan cannot come from us, Fry."
Nine says: "We were counting on you and your unreadable brain to come up with something."
Fry says: "That was a mistake."
Nine says: "I see that now."
Hutch says: "Freaky thing is, the Dark Ones' thoughts are unreadable, just like yours."
Nine says: "Yes, if we dared unwrap our heads, we could easily locate the one other being whose mind we can't read."
Nine says: "The Dark One!"
Hutch says: "But then the Dark One would read our minds and crush them like blood pumpkins."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "I can read minds and my mind can't be read."
Fry says: "I have a plan."
Nine says: "Great."
Nine says: "Whatever it is, don't tell us."
Hutch says: "Wait."
Hutch says: "Fry can read minds and his mind can't be read."
Hutch says: "So he can safely scan for the Dark One..."
Nine says: "Shut up!"
Nine says: "Shut up!"
Hutch says: "..."
Hutch says: "whose mind can't be read..."
All of the Madfellows cover their ears and start gibbering over Hutch's voice.
[Scene says: "Maxi-Padlock Women's Prison."
[Scene says: "The Feministas share one cell."
Mysterious says: "Leela, time is running out."
Sinister Voice says: "Leela, time is running out."
Mysterious says: "We must get to the violet star."
Sinister Voice says: "We must get to the violet star."
Leela says: "Okay, okay."
Leela says: "Shut up, already."
Everybody in the cell is confused.
Dixie says: "Nobody's talking, Leela."
Trixie says: "We're just painting each other's toenails with rat blood."
Warden says: "Lights out, ladies!"
Warden says: "Those compact fluorescent bulbs waste pennies a day."
The light flickers off and a door is heard closing.
Leela says: "Okay, feministas, all clear."
Amy says: "Whoa!"
Linda says: "We now go live to Leela with the escape plan."
Linda says: "Leela?"
Leela says: "Thanks, Linda."
Leela says: "Now we're in here because we tried to save endangered wildlife."
Leela says: "So this time, endangered wildlife will save us."
She pulls up her pant leg and shows everybody the leech is clamped onto her leg.
Amy says: "The Martian muck leech."
Leela says: "That's right."
Leela says: "He's been living off me since we got captured."
Leela says: "Little cutie almost sucked me dry."
She pulls the leech away from her leg and throws it at the back wall of the cell, into which it promptly begins burrowing. The Feministas cheer.
LaBarbara says: "Look at him go."
LaBarbara says: "Like a green snake through a sugarcane cake."
Hermes says: "Keep trying."
[Scene says: "Scruffy is painting the Planet Express ship Electric Mucus again with a large spray can."
[Scene says: "He shakes it before spraying."
[Scene says: "Pan over to Zoidberg, who is making the same shaking noise by moving his body up and down."
[Scene says: "He turns to the ship and vomits the same color all over it."
News segment.
Morbo says: "Our top story."
Morbo says: "The universe's most wanted eco-feminists are now behind bars, including gang leader, Turanga Leela."
Morbo says: "AKA, the Notorious B-I-Itch."
Pull out of the TV to the Planet Express lounge. Farnsworth and Hermes are watching TV on a 304" MagnaPhallix and a commercial for the 308" edition is on. Zoidberg and Scruffy enter.
Zoidberg says: "We finished un-pinking the ship, Hubert."
Zoidberg says: "Now what?"
Farnsworth says: "Now we get back to work."
Farnsworth says: "And if that means destroying an ecosystem or two, so be it."
Zoidberg says: "I just meant without our good friends Fry, Leela, Amy and the robut."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, boo-hoo."
Farnsworth says: "This is a business, not a social club."
Farnsworth says: "Money talks."
Lincoln says: "True wealth is measured in friendships."
Farnsworth says: "Shut up, you."
Scruffy says: "Life goes on."
Scruffy says: "But I believe we'll forever carry the pain on the inside."
He licks his finger and turns a page of his Play-Boy-Ar-Dee magazine.
[Scene says: "Maxi-Padlock Prison."
[Scene says: "A rooster crows at dawn."
Amy says: "Oh, no, a rooster!"
Amy says: "That indicates it's the following morning."
Everybody makes noises as they wake up.
LaBarbara says: "How's that creepy crawler doing?"
Leela says: "I'm sorry, femi-sisters, but it pooped out around 3:00 a."
Leela says: "m."
Leela says: "Poor thing couldn't take another bite."
The leech bites onto her neck.
Amy says: "Well, I guess we failed."
Amy says: "But what matters is, we tried our best and we looked good doing it."
There are many thuds coming from the wall. A crack starts forming and is finally broken down from the outside.
Amy says: "Bender, is that you?"
Bender says: "Who does it look like?"
Bender says: "My identical cousin Buster?"
Amy says: "Yes."
The Feministas cheer.
Leela says: "You're here to break us out?"
Leela says: "But you're the one who put us in."
Bender says: "But I'm Bender, king of the combination shot."
Bender says: "I put you in so that by busting you out, I could commit 15 felonies at once."
Bender says: "Puttin' my rap sheet miles ahead of yours on the all-time chart."
Leela says: "You are one devious bastard."
Bender says: "That's what it says on my vanity plate."
Cut to the exterior of the prison. The group is hiding behind a wall near the hole Bender created.
Leela says: "What about the sentries?"
Bender says: "Already taken care of."
Bender says: "I sent them a cake laced with nutmeg."
Bender says: "That's a human sleeping drug, right?"
Amy says: "No, it's a human baking drug."
Bender groans and smack his forehead.
Leela says: "Okay, Plan B."
Leela says: "Everyone knows men have one fatal weakness - they can't resist hookers."
Leela says: "Dixie, Trixie, you know what to do."
Smash cut - Bender has been turned into a hooker by means of masquera, a blond wig and eye lashes. Two balloons are strategically positioned on his body and a small amount of fabric covers him.
[Scene says: "Asteroid in the Violet Dwarf Star System."
[Scene says: "The surface and its animals are covered in a white goo."
[Scene says: "Pull back from the system to an observation grand stand."
[Scene says: "There are hundreds of people present."
Mr. Wong says: "Ladies and gentleman and whatever, welcome to my most environmentally disastrous implosion ever: a whole star system!"
The crowd cheers.
Zapp says: "Kif, old boy, mind if I sit on your shoulders for a better view?"
Kif says: "Well, actually, sir, I was hoping..."
Zap says: "Thanks."
Kif ends up with his head up Zapp's man-skirt and sighs.
Mr. Wong says: "My associate Philip Fry here will have honor to blow this ugly, dirty star into nice, clean black hole."
The crowd cheers and Mr. Wong applauds as well as Fry slowly lowers himself below the podium.
Mr. Wong says: "Fry, careful those wires."
Mr. Wong says: "What you doing down there?"
Fry says: "Just polishing your shoes, Mr."
Fry says: "W."
Mr. Wong says: "Mmm, that nice."
Mr. Wong says: "Get between the toes there, very dirty."
Cut back to the prison. The group is pinned down in Bender's hole in the wall by machine gun fire. Sirens are sounding.
Bender says: "Well, so much for Plan B."
Leela says: "What's Plan C?"
Bender says: "All situations have the same Plan C."
Bender says: "Bending, come on."
They run towards the closest wall. They reach it and Bender attempts to move it.
Leela says: "We're boned, Bender."
Leela says: "It's a brick wall."
Bender says: "Granted, it's not on the list of approved bendables, but I'm so great!"
Bender bends the 50 foot brick wall and only Leela, Amy, Labarbara and Bender escape over it. They take shelter behind a mound of earth and hear dogs in the distance.
Amy says: "Dogs!"
Amy says: "The boning continues!"
Bender says: "Green Bluebird, this is Mr."
Bender says: "Fabulous."
Bender says: "We are go for cheesing it."
The Planet Express ship approaches for an extraction. The dogs have reached the ship, but only one can bite onto the tail wing before quickly loosing grip. Gun fire chases the ship as it flies away from the prison.
Leela says: "Uh..."
Scruffy says: "Scruffy."
Scruffy says: "The janitor."
Leela says: "You helped us escape?"
Leela says: "Even after we locked you in a go-go cage like common go-go dancers?"
Farnsworth says: "I couldn't live with myself, Leela."
Farnsworth says: "I call myself a scientist, wear the white coat and probe a monkey every now and again, yet I put monetary gain ahead of preserving nature."
Farnsworth says: "Can you ever forgive me?"
Scruffy says: "I reckon."
Leela says: "I could kiss you, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Okay, but watch out for my new grill."
Cut back to the destruction of the star system. The audience cheers as Zapp takes the stage.
Zapp Brannigan says: "Before the grand finally , as it were, it seems only fitting that I, Commodore 64 Zapp Brannigan, say a few brief pages in honor of..."
Nine says: "Whatever your plan is, Fry, I suggest you get on with it."
Nine says: "Get..."
Nine says: "Shoot, I got hot sauce on my Number 9 shirt."
Fry says: "Okay, locate the Dark One by finding someone whose thoughts I can't read."
Zapp Brannigan says: "And unaccustomed..."
Zapp Brannigan says: "By God!"
Zapp Brannigan says: "I'm the greatest speaker of all time."
Zapp Brannigan says: "They're suckling at the teats of my every syllable."
Zapp Brannigan says: "Allow me now..."
Kif says: "His voice is like ear sandpaper."
Kif says: "I miss Amy."
Nixon's Head says: "The one secret no one ever suspected is that I really did stage the moon landing."
Nixon's Head says: "On Venus."
Calculon says: "I'd like to thank the academy, my agent, and most of all, my operating system, Windows Vista, for everything it..."
Calculon says: "System error."
Snoop Dogg says: "Naked ladies."
Snoop Dogg says: "Naked ladies."
Snoop Dogg says: "Naked ladies."
Snoop Dogg says: "Naked ladies."
Mr. Wong says: "I never should have taken that accent elimination class from Jackie Chan."
Zapp Brannigan says: "And so, as we obliterize this star, let us remember those immortal words once spoken by a great man, moi."
Zapp Brannigan says: "And I quote, "All good things must come to an end, preferably in a humongous explosion."
The audience cheers.
Mr. Wong says: "Let's pop this beach ball."
ALL says: "Ten!"
ALL says: "Nine!"
ALL says: "Eight!"
Fry lifts his hat up and hears indiscernible chatter of the crowd.
Fry says: "There's no one here whose thoughts can't be read."
Fry says: "No one, except me!"
Fry says: "My thoughts can't be read."
Fry says: "But, but that's crazy."
Fry says: "If I were the Dark One, I'd know it, wouldn't I?"
Fry says: "But, here I am, right where the Dark One would be, about to blow up the star."
Fry says: "Oh, God!"
Fry says: "Somewhere deep inside of me, it's me!"
Fry says: "I'm the Dark One!"
ALL says: "Two..."
ALL says: "one!"
A crashing is heard and the crowd gasps. Leela has crashed the ship into the observation dome. She exits the ship with a megaphone.
Leela says: "Put your hands in the air!"
The crowd gasps and obliges.
Snoop Dogg says: "Should we wave them like we just don't care?"
Leela says: "That's optional."
Mr. Wong says: "You girl punks gone too far this time."
Mr. Wong says: "Your parents should be ashamed."
Amy says: "Yes, you should!"
Mr and Mrs. Wong gasps and she rips off her mask, revealing her identity to them.
Mrs. Wong says: "Amy?"
Kif says: "Amy!"
Mysterious says: "Destroy the star, Leo, hurry."
Sinister Voice says: "Destroy the star, Leo, hurry."
Mr. Wong says: "You got it, Mr."
Mr. Wong says: "Voice-in-my-head."
Mr. Wong says: "I've gotta admit, Amy, you got a pretty good swing."
Amy says: "Really?"
Amy says: "Thanks, Dad."
He reaches out for the plunger, but she whacks him in the chest again and he groans in pain.
Leela says: "Okay, time to defuse this star cracker once and for all."
Fry says: "Leela, wait."
Fry says: "You're making a mistake."
Fry says: "You have no idea what's really going on."
Leela says: "What is really going on?"
Fry says: "I can't tell you."
Leela says: "Then why should I trust you?"
Leela says: "Why?"
Fry says: "Because..."
Fry says: "Because..."
Leela says: "You're you."
Leela says: "That's all I need to know."
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Don't do it!"
Scruffy says: "Fiddlesticks."
Amy says: "Leela, are you crazy?"
Amy says: "We became fugitives and jail-breakers to stop him."
Bender says: "And hookers, don't forget hookers."
Leela says: "Shame on all of you."
Fry pushes down on the plunger and everybody gasps. The camera follows the spark along the wire to a wire that was crudely spliced in. It travels up to the Omega Device, which Fry is now holding to his chest.
Fry says: "Goodbye, Leela."
Fry says: "I destroy myself to save you."
The spark reaches the device and it transforms into a medieval coat rack. There is a green orb charging in the center of it which then expands, surrounding Fry and Leela in a sphere of green energy for a small moment. It's all over as quickly as it began, leaving Fry and Leela confused. Fry attempts to trigger it again by pushing down on the plunger a few more times.
Nixon's Head says: "Where's the boom?"
Nixon's Head says: "I was expecting a boom."
Fry says: "It didn't work."
Fry says: "I'm the Dark One, and it didn't do anything."
Mysterious says: "You're not the Dark One, I am!"
Sinister Voice says: "You're not the Dark One, I am!"
Fry says: "Leela?!"
Fry says: "!"
Mysterious Voice says: "Not Leela, you moron."
Mysterious Voice says: "Me!"
Mysterious Voice says: "What did you do to me?"
The crowd gasps.
Leela says: "Ew!"
Dark One says: "I am the Dark One."
Dark One says: "The very last Dark One."
Dark One says: "How is it possible I couldn't read your mind?"
Dark One says: "Oh, I am momentarily disabled."
A thunderous burst occurs behind them and everybody looks at the Violet Dwarf Star System. The smaller asteroids line up beind the largest asteroid and move as one into the violet dwarf star and it undergoes mitosis, rapidly becoming a morula, then a blastocyst the early stages of embryonic development.
Randy says: "What's happening out there?"
Sal says: "Somethings wondersful."
Leela says: "The star and the asteroid."
Leela says: "They were an egg and a sperm."
Preacherbot says: "Great modem of mercy."
Preacherbot says: "Cover the children's eyes."
Morbo says: "There are no children here."
Preacherbot says: "Then move your fat head."
Preacherbot says: "I can't see."
The process is complete and an Encyclopod emerges. The crowd gasps.
Nine says: "The Encyclopod is reborn."
Nine says: "A new green age has begun!"
Mad Fellow says: "So the legend foretold."
The Encyclopod moves toward and past the observation dome, displaying the ecosystem on its back.
Farnsworth says: "Look!"
Farnsworth says: "Inside its pouch."
Farnsworth says: "Extinct Tasmanian tigers!"
Amy says: "And dodo birds!"
Leela says: "And white rhinos!"
Hermes says: "And striped biologist-taunters!"
Striped biologist-taunter says: "What are you gonna do, shoot us?"
The Encyclopod circles around the dome and stops in front of the crowd.
Encyclopod says: "Life!"
Encyclopod says: "These once extinct plants and animals are my gift to the universe."
Encyclopod says: "Through untold generations, my race has treasured their DNA."
Encyclopod says: "Treat them wisely with the knowledge that all species are precious."
Leela says: "This is unbelievable."
Leela says: "What's going on?"
Hutch says: "To answer that, I must tell you a story."
The Dark One attacks his neck and he falls over. The crowd screams and Fry slaps the creature off Hutch's neck.
Fry says: "Hutch, are you okay?"
Hutch says: "My sister's femi-necklace."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "Hey, how come I can't read your thoughts anymore?"
Hutch falls dead with a grunt.
Encyclopod says: "I shall avenge you, Hutch..."
Encyclopod says: "Waterfall."
The Encyclopod fries the Dark One with a laser emitted from his eyes.
Nine says: "After all these eons, the Dark Ones are no more."
Nine says: "Will you preserve their DNA, O Great Encyclopod?"
Encyclopod says: "I suppose I should."
Encyclopod says: "Wait, where did it go?"
Pan to Zoidberg who is licking his claws.
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Encyclopod says: "Well, at any rate, I shall preserve the DNA of Homo sapiens."
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "I thought you only saved the DNA of endangered species."
Encyclopod says: "Farewell."
Fry says: "I guess he didn't hear me."
Bender says: "Well, looks like that wraps everything up in a nice big, old, fat sack of..."
Zapp Brannigan says: "I hereby arrest you fugitives on 53 counts of..."
Zapp Brannigan says: "fugivity."
Zapp Brannigan says: "Kif, round them up, and spare me the weary sigh for once."
Zapp Brannigan says: "Kif?"
Kif says: "Wait for me."
The ship backs out of the dome and takes off with the Nimbus right behind it, firing wildly.
Fry says: "Well, this is the end."
Fry says: "There was so many things I wanted to say to you."
Leela says: "Like what?"
Fry says: "Like this is not the end."
Fry says: "But mostly just, I love you, Leela."
The ship shakes as it is hit by one of the Nimbus' shots.
Leela says: "Maybe I waited too long to say this, but I love you, too- WORMHOLE!"
The ship is heading straight for a worm hole in space.
Hermes says: "Sweet topology of cosmology, it's huge!"
Farnsworth says: "If we fly into it, it could take us trillions of light years away."
Farnsworth says: "There's no knowing if we'll ever return."
Fry says: "What do we do?"
Fry says: "Should we go for it?"
Pause in dialogue. Bender gets a beer out of his chest and opens it.
Bender says: "Into the breach, meatbags."
Bender says: "Or not."
Bender says: "Whatever."
ALL says: "Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."
Fry and Leela kiss as they fly into the wormhole. It closes shut after their transmission.
End credits.