[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Bigfoot's Choice."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sits at the table drinking something."
[Scene says: "Amy flies in on a rocket-propelled board, cheering."
[Scene says: "She lands it and slips off and screams."
Amy says: "Shman!"
Amy says: "The Great Rad Spot is mega-sweet for party-boarding."
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Amy says: "Any calls while I was out?"
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "You got a tele-sonic transmission from Kif a couple hours ago."
Amy gasps.
Amy says: "My Kiffie called?"
Amy says: "Kif?"
Kif says: "Ooh, Amy, you're back."
Kif says: "Another hour and I would have thought about hanging up."
Amy says: "Why didn't you just leave a message, sweetie?"
Kif says: "Well, um, I've left hundreds of messages with your answering machine but you never seem to get them."
Amy says: "Bender!"
Bender says: "Not my fault if you don't check me!"
Bender says: "Messages erased."
Kif says: "When even an inch separates us, I quiver with misery."
Kif says: "So you can imagine how I feel when it's a billion light years."
He cries.
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
Amy says: "Kif, don't cry, or you'll get a tummy ache."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "On the screen Zapp walks up behind Kif."
Zapp says: "Lieutenant, some things came off me and clogged the drain, so if you could-- Oh, ho!"
Zapp says: "What's this?"
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
[Cut to says: "He sees Leela on the couch and zooms in on her."
Zapp says: "Well, well, well!"
Zapp says: "Do my eyes believe me or is that my bosom-y swan, Leela?"
Leela says: "Say again."
Leela says: "You're breaking up!"
She throws the book she is reading at the screen.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela's book hits the screen and smashes it, cutting off the line."
[Cut to says: "Amy groans."
[Cut to says: "Enter Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "You'll be delivering pain medicine to the hive mind of Nigel 7."
Scruffy wheels a sack truck in through the other door with a big pill on it.
Scruffy says: "Scruffy's rollin' out a large pill!"
Amy says: "You're going to Nigel 7?"
Amy says: "Kif's on patrol near there."
Amy says: "You could drop me off on the way."
Farnsworth says: "We could but we won't!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a spaceship, damnit, not a prom limousine!"
Farnsworth says: "If anyone needs me I'll be in the Angry Dome."
He leaves, waving his fists.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship takes off."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth paces around and curses in the Angry Dome which is a small transparent structure on the roof between the hangar and Farnsworth's home dome."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from Earth."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew are at their stations."
Leela says: "This is a very long trip."
Leela says: "So we'll all have to go into hibernative-naptosis to save oxygen."
She presses a button and the lights dim. She and Fry walk out. Bender folds his arms in disgust.
Bender says: "I don't even breathe oxygen!"
He closes his eyes.
[Scene says: "Leela's Quarters."
[Scene says: "She sleeps with Nibbler on her."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Quarters."
[Cut to says: "Fry sleeps on the bottom hammock."
[Cut to says: "Nearby is a sword and his helmet from When Aliens Attack."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "The giant pill begins to shake."
[Cut to says: "It breaks apart and Amy climbs out of it."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Amy sneaks past Bender, sits in the pilot's seat and takes control of the ship."
Amy says: "Here I come, Kif!"
She turns the ship around and laughs.
[Scene says: "Nimbus Bridge."
[Scene says: "Zapp watches Casper the Friendly Ghost on the screen and laughs."
Zapp says: "They jumped right out of their pants!"
Zapp says: "Kif, I'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force."
Zapp says: "Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy!"
Kif says: "Yes, sir, captain!"
[Scene says: "The front section of the Nimbus's starboard leg opens up and swallows the Planet Express ship à la the SP."
[Scene says: "E."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "T."
[Scene says: "R."
[Scene says: "E."
[Scene says: "spaceship in You Only Live Twice."
[Scene says: "Leela's Quarters."
[Scene says: "The lights come on and Leela wakes up."
[Scene says: "She screams and turns over and sees Zapp lying beside her."
Zapp says: "How 'bout I help you finish that dream you were having about me?"
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "I was just at this part: Yah!"
She punches him and he falls off the bed.
Zapp says: "Uh, let's try that a little lower and a lot softer!"
[Scene says: "Kif's Quarters."
[Scene says: "Kif and Amy sit on his bed."
Kif says: "Imagine you stowing away and stealing a licensed starship!"
Kif says: "Oh, it's so romantic it gives me the shivers!"
He shivers.
Amy says: "I don't care how much trouble I get in."
Amy says: "I needed to feel my lips pressed against your lipless beak."
They kiss.
Kif says: "Oh, Amy, I can't stand having a whole universe between us."
Kif says: "I've been thinking a lot about this and, well, would you move in with me?"
Amy says: "Here?"
Amy says: "But, uh, wouldn't it be crowded?"
Kif says: "No, no!"
Kif says: "It's really twice the size."
Kif says: "You can use the floor and I'll have the ceiling."
Kif says: "See?"
He climbs up the wall and onto the ceiling. Amy giggles.
Amy says: "Kif!"
Amy says: "You have so much creativity and niceness, but I'm not..."
Amy says: "..."
Kif says: "Hush!"
Kif says: "Before you answer, come thither."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Holo-Shed."
[Scene says: "A bare room which looks very similar to the Holodeck from Star Trek: The Next Generation."
[Scene says: "The walls, floors and ceiling are criss-crossed with lines."
[Scene says: "Amy looks around."
Kif says: "This is the Holo-Shed."
Kif says: "It can simulate anything you desire, and nothing can hurt you."
Kif says: "Except when it malfunctions and the holograms become real."
Amy says: "Well, that probably won't happen this time."
Kif says: "I wanted to show you what life would be like if we were together."
Kif says: "Computer: Run program "Kif 1"."
A landscape with a small house and snow-capped mountains in the background materialises around them. Amy gasps.
Amy says: "This is so beautiful!"
Amy says: "Spirit!"
Amy says: "Kif, that's the pony I always wanted but my parents said I had too many ponies already."
Kif says: "Yes, I programmed it in for you."
Kif says: "4 million lines of BASIC!"
Kif says: "And if this isn't the life you want, how 'bout this?"
Kif says: "Run program "Kif 2"."
The environment changes to a nighttime scene by a moonlit lake.
Amy says: "Oh, Kif!"
They put their arms around each other.
Kif says: "We could live here at the shore of the Tranquilibrius Sea in a timeshare."
Kif says: "And I would pluck the moon from the sky just to see you smile."
Kif says: "Run program "Kif://3"."
The environment changes to a castle in the clouds.
Amy says: "This isn't bad."
Amy says: "My aunt had a place like this."
Kif says: "Amy, we could live in a bus station bathroom for all I care."
Kif says: "As long as we're together, it'll feel like a castle to me."
Amy says: "Kif, I'd love to live with you..."
Amy says: "someday."
Amy says: "But before then there's still lots I wanna do on my own."
Amy says: "What was that?"
Kif says: "Oh, dear."
Kif says: "I fear the Holo-Shed might be broken again."
Amy says: "Look!"
Amy says: "Spirit!"
Attila the Hun rides Spirit. Spirit rears up and growls.
Kif says: "And there's Professor Moriarty, Jack the Ripper, Evil Lincoln!"
Evil Lincoln laughs maniacally.
Moriarty says: "Right-oh, gents, it's another simulation gone mad, so murder and mayhem, standard procedure!"
They start wrecking the castle.
Jack the Ripper says: "Rampage!"
Evil Lincoln says: "Real holographic-simulated Evil Lincoln is back!"
He smashes his axe into the castle wall and the environment fizzles out, leaving Kif, Amy and the holograms in the bare Holo-Shed. Kif and Amy run out.
[Scene says: "Nimbus Bridge."
[Scene says: "Klaxons buzz and red lights flash on and off."
[Scene says: "Enter Amy and Kif."
Kif says: "The Holo-Shed's on the fritz again!"
Kif says: "The characters turned real!"
Zapp says: "Damn."
Zapp says: "The last time that happened I got slapped with three paternity suits."
Zapp says: "Get back into the Holo-Shed before I start blasting!"
Attila the Hun says: "Stop!"
Attila the Hun says: "Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe!"
Attila the Hun says: "Cause explosive decompression!"
Zapp says: "Spare me your space-age techno-babble, Attila the Hun!"
He shoots at them. They dodge the lasers and one shot hits the wall. The bridge starts decompressing. The holograms are blown out into space through the hole. Leela grabs hold of Zapp's chair, Fry grabs her legs and Bender grabs Fry's legs. His chest cabinet opens and an Egyptian artefact falls out. He groans. Zapp flies by and grabs Bender's legs.
Bender says: "Hey!"
Zapp's toupee wobbles in the wind. On the other side of the bridge Amy starts losing her grip on Kif's hand.
Amy says: "Kif!"
Amy says: "Hold on!"
Kif says: "I totally want to!"
His hand slips out of his glove. Amy grabs his face but loses her grip and the wind carries him towards the hole. He grabs hold of Leela.
Leela says: "Grab on!"
He loses his grip on her and grabs Fry's trouser leg.
Fry says: "Over here!"
He reaches for Bender but he doesn't help.
Kif says: "Please hold me!"
Bender says: "Have a good one!"
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Zapp breathes a sigh of relief and straightens his toupee.
Zapp says: "After all that I could use some relaxation."
Zapp says: "I'll be in the Holo-Shed."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Sick Bay & Horta Burn Clinic."
[Scene says: "Dr."
[Scene says: "Veins McGee finishes examining Zapp."
McGee says: "Well, except for a few broken bones, some internal haemorrhaging and a partially barfed-up heart, everyone appears fine."
McGee says: "Oh, and Kif is pregnant."
Everyone gasps. Kif hugs Amy.
Kif says: "Oh, joy!"
Time Lapse.
Kif says: "Amy, isn't it wonderful?"
Kif says: "I'm pregnant!"
Amy says: "Yes it's..."
Amy says: "great."
Amy says: "A great miracle."
Leela says: "And not one of those bogus everyday miracles like a sunrise."
Leela says: "Aren't you a male?"
Bender says: "Yeah, what's the deal?"
Bender says: "Just when I thought I'd figured out you biological creatures, it's something else!"
Bender says: "Lemme at 'im!"
Bender says: "Come over here, Kif!"
Kif shakes.
Zapp says: "Look, I'm sure we're all a little unclear on how anyone gets pregnant."
Zapp says: "So, Kif, pray explain."
Zapp says: "And don't spare the dirty words where appropriate."
Kif says: "Well, it's quite simple really."
Kif says: "When one of my species experiences deep feelings of love we enter a so-called "receptive state"."
Zapp says: "You disgust me!"
Zapp says: "Go on."
Kif says: "At that point, our skin becomes a semi-permeable membrane, which allows the passage of genetic material."
Kif says: "I held Amy's hand and voilà."
Bender says: "Well, OK."
Bender says: "But that better be all there is!"
Kif says: "Oh, Amy!"
Kif says: "You'll be a mother!"
He hugs her.
[Scene says: "Kif's Quarters."
[Scene says: "Everyone except Zapp is there, including Evil Lincoln."
Kif says: "What a wondrous affirmation of our love."
Kif says: "And all from the touch of your hand."
He laughs and rolls around.
Fry says: "Dude, hold up."
Fry says: "Remember when Zapp blew a hole in the ship?"
Evil Lincoln says: "Indeed."
Fry says: "Kif touched everybody there."
Fry says: "Couldn't any one of us be the mother?"
Amy says: "Hey, yeah!"
Amy says: "I mean..."
Amy says: "what about that, Kif?"
Kif says: "Well, I suppose I might have gotten pregnant that way."
Kif says: "Or even from a toilet seat."
Kif says: "Though that's impossible since I have a private washroom."
Kif's toilet flushes and Zapp emerges from the washroom.
Zapp says: "Ah, my home away from home."
Zapp says: "By the way, Kif, your flush seemed to be set on stun, not kill."
Kif stutters.
Amy says: "Look, Kif, I probably am the mother."
Amy says: "Although maybe I'm not."
Amy says: "Of course, I hope I am."
Amy says: "But just in case I'm not, maybe we should have a test."
Bender says: "A test!"
Bender says: "I demand a test!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "A large centrifuge is in the middle of the room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Zapp and Amy stand around it."
[Scene says: "Kif, Farnsworth and Bender stand on the catwalk above."
Farnsworth says: "Even I laughed at me when I built this alien cross-species genetic analyser."
Farnsworth says: "But I guess I showed myself!"
Farnsworth says: "Subjects, please enter the chamber."
Farnsworth says: "When I pull this switch, the maternifuge will spin at 10,000 RPM, separating out everyone who isn't the mother-- Father-- Whatever!"
He pulls the switch and the maternifuge starts spinning. Everyone in it screams. Farnsworth drops the floor from underneath them.
Bender says: "Faster!"
Bender says: "Faster!"
Fry flies through a tube and hits a mattress on the catwalk.
Farnsworth says: "Good."
Farnsworth says: "Fry's ejection indicates that he is not the man-mom."
Farnsworth says: "Nor is Captain Brannigan."
Kif wipes his forehead.
Kif says: "Oh, thank you, merciful God!"
Zoidberg flies out.
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg?"
Farnsworth says: "What the hell were you doing in there?"
Zoidberg says: "That's where I live."
Zoidberg says: "I have no home."
Everyone watches as Leela and Amy spin around in the maternifuge. Amy flies out and Kif gasps.
Kif says: "Amy?"
He looks into the slowing maternifuge. Leela is the only one left. She slides out.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Everyone sits at the table."
Kif says: "Leela must have impregnated me when she grabbed my ungloved hand."
Kif says: "That explains the poster in hygiene class: "No Glove, No Love"."
Leela says: "Wow, this is all so confusing."
Zapp says: "Leela!"
Zapp says: "How could you?"
Zapp says: "Our love has had to endure your constant hatred, and now this?"
Zapp says: "Stop testing our love!"
Kif says: "Please, Captain."
Kif says: "I thank Leela for the DNA she gave me but, in my species, the true parent is the one who inspired the initial feeling of love."
Kif says: "We call that person the "smizmar"."
Kif says: "And my smizmar is Amy."
Zapp says: "So the toilet seat is like the uncle or something?"
[Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Scene says: "Amy and Leela are out for drinks."
Leela says: "Sorry I got your boyfriend pregnant."
Amy says: "That's OK."
Amy says: "At least Kif's baby shower should be fun."
Amy says: "I'd better put it on my calendar."
Amy says: "Might as well plan for my new life while I'm at it."
Amy says: "Set "Motherhood Mode"."
The calendar erases all of the entries and replaces it with "Motherhood". Amy sighs. Leela raises her glass.
Leela says: "To motherhood."
They clink their glasses and drink.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff, Kif, Zapp and Leo and Inez Wong are gathered for baby shower."
[Scene says: "Bender wears his chef hat and hands out hors d'Oeuvres."
Bender says: "Zoidberg?"
Zoidberg takes a claw-ful of hors d'Oeuvres.
Fry says: "You know, my face was stuck in a pizza."
Mrs. Wong says: "Yeah, yeah."
Mrs. Wong says: "We don't care how squishy alien get pregnant."
Mrs. Wong says: "All we care is that we have grandchild now."
Kif says: "You're very open-minded, Mrs."
Kif says: "Wong."
Mr. Wong says: "Hey!"
Mr. Wong says: "You call her "Grandma" now!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Call me Grandma like crazy!"
Mrs. Wong says: "All the time!"
Fry taps his glass.
Fry says: "Check it out, y'all."
Fry says: "Everyone we invited is here."
Zoidberg says: "Also Zoidberg!"
Fry says: "So let's open the gifts."
Everyone cheers.
Bender says: "Alright!"
Kif says: "I can't wait!"
Kif says: "Let's start with this one, from Bender."
He opens the box and takes out a pair of mounted robot shoes.
Bender says: "It's my booties from when I was a kid."
Amy says: "Uh, they're already bronzed."
Bender says: "They are bronze."
Kif says: "And this one's from Leela."
Kif says: "Oh, I just love the bow!"
Kif says: "I wonder what it is!"
He starts to open it. Zapp puts his arm around Leela.
Zapp says: "Yes, I wonder what we got you."
Leela elbows him in the stomach. Kif takes the present out of the box.
Kif says: "It's a basket!"
Kif says: "F-For picnics?"
Leela says: "It means a lot to me."
Leela says: "It's the basket my parents left me in at the orphanarium."
Hermes says: "You could use it for picnics."
Mrs. Wong says: "Here, Amy."
Mrs. Wong says: "We get this one for you."
She hands her a long box.
Amy says: "Is it a new party board?"
She opens it.
Mrs. Wong says: "It's a board alright!"
Mrs. Wong says: "An ironing board."
Mr. Wong says: "We had your old party board converted now that you not be partying anymore."
Amy says: "You-You trashed my party board?"
Mrs. Wong says: "Damn right!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Now you're a mom, the only surfing you do is under a big wave of responsibility."
Kif says: "Oh, this is the happiest moment of my life!"
Kif says: "You all brought such wonderful gifts."
Bender says: "Mine!"
Kif says: "Is the bond I share with my smizmar, Amy."
Kif says: "For soon, the quivering mass of life within me will depend on us both."
Kif says: "Even now, I can sense it feeding, squirming, searching, questing."
Kif says: "And shortly, it will rend my loins in twain, burst forth and pull us down, down, down into the deep, dark waters of commitment."
Zoidberg says: "That's so beautiful!"
He dries his tears with a mouth flap.
Amy says: "No!"
Amy says: "I can't do this!"
She runs out of the room, crying. Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Zoidberg cries like a baby.
Time Lapse. Mr. and Mrs. Wong and Zapp have left.
Kif says: "Oh, how could Amy leave me?"
Kif says: "When will women learn to take responsibility for the children they've helped create?"
Kif says: "The quickening!"
Kif says: "My time is near."
Kif says: "I must return to my homeworld to perform the ancient birthing rites."
Scruffy says: "Lemme know how that turns out."
He munches a biscuit.
[Scene says: "Amphibios 9 Surface."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship lands in a jungle area and snaps through some vines."
[Scene says: "New ones quickly grow again, covering the ship."
Time Lapse. The crew, Kif and Zapp walk through the jungle. Kif stops them.
Kif says: "I must now embark on a perilous journey to give birth in precisely the same swamp in which I was born."
Leela says: "If it's so dangerous, I'd better go with you."
Leela says: "A gal has to protect her DNA."
Kif says: "No, Leela."
Kif says: "Tradition demands that I make this journey with my smizmar."
Kif says: "And since Amy isn't, here I must go it alone."
Kif says: "Farewell, for we may never meet again."
He walks towards the thick of the jungle and falls over.
Time Lapse. Fry, Zapp and Bender hack away at plants in front of them while Leela carries Kif.
Kif says: "My scrapes feel a little better now."
Bender sees a large blue creature.
Bender says: "Hey, what's this fat ugly thing?"
Bender says: "A frog?"
Bender says: "A toad?"
Bender says: "Or your momma!"
He laughs. The creature's tongue wraps around him and it tries to swallow him.
Kif says: "It's a poisonous froad!"
Kif says: "No one move."
He inflates his head. The froad screams and drops Bender.
Bender says: "I'm back, baby!"
[Scene says: "Swamp."
Kif says: "Behold!"
Kif says: "The sacred ancestral birthing grounds of my family."
Zapp sniffs.
Zapp says: "Smells like a jockstrap!"
A native of the planet rises from a puddle of mud.
Grand Midwife says: "I am the Grand Midwife."
Fry says: "Hi!"
Kif says: "I am Kif, of the clan Kroker, come to bear my young."
Grand Midwife says: "Then let the Tea of New Life be brewed."
Grand Midwife says: "As it is writ, "and both shall lift the jug together"."
Grand Midwife says: "Where is your smizmar?"
Kif says: "She's not with me."
Grand Midwife says: "Oh, the sorrow."
Grand Midwife says: "Oh, the shame."
Grand Midwife says: "I'm sorry, I'm probably just making you feel worse."
Kif says: "As long as Amy is with me in my heart I will have the strength of two."
Kif says: "Apparently Amy hasn't been working out much lately."
He drags it a little way, stretching his arms.
Grand Midwife says: "As the tea boils, please join hands with your beloved smizmar."
Grand Midwife says: "Oh, right, sorry."
Grand Midwife says: "But I memorised the ceremony by rote and it mentions her a lot."
Kif says: "I'll try to endure."
Grand Midwife says: "Good, 'cause I'm not changing it."
Grand Midwife says: "Now turn ye to and gaze deeply into each other's eyes."
Kif looks at Bender.
Bender says: "What are you looking at?"
Grand Midwife says: "May the love I sense between you at this moment remain with you both through all your days."
Grand Midwife says: "The Tea of New Life is ready."
Grand Midwife says: "Let those whose love created this life speak each other's names, then drink."
Kif looks into the cup and cries.
Kif says: "Amy."
Amy says: "Kif!"
Everyone looks up and gasps. Amy flies towards the swamp on her party board.
Kif says: "Amy!"
Kif says: "Is it you or have I gone crazy with loneliness?"
Bender says: "Both."
Amy lands and falls off.
Amy says: "I still don't know if I'm ready for this but I do know I love you."
Amy says: "And I wanna be here beside you."
Grand Midwife says: "Great!"
Grand Midwife says: "Now I lost my place!"
Grand Midwife says: "I'm starting over!"
Kif's bump rumbles.
Kif says: "Oh, no time!"
Kif says: "It has begun!"
Kif says: "Oh, my!"
Everyone else cringes at what is happening. Bender pulls out a camera and takes a photo.
Bender says: "Neat!"
Amy says: "You can do it, Kif!"
Kif pushes again.
Kif says: "Whoa, Nellie!"
He pushes some more and eventually some spawn comes from between his legs and makes a splash. Leela, Fry and Zapp cover their noses.
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Some one- and two-eyed tadpoles hop out from the spawn and head for the swamp.
Kif says: "Amy, my love, tell me: Are they making it to the water?"
Some snakes and flying creatures surround the tadpoles. Leela breaks a large leaf off a plant and throws it to Amy.
Leela says: "Amy!"
Amy catches it and starts beating back the snakes and insects.
Amy says: "Shoo!"
Amy says: "Stay away from my babies!"
A flying creature picks up a tadpole. Amy smacks it with the leaf and the tadpole falls to the ground. The creatures flee and the tadpoles hop into the water.
Grand Midwife says: "The birthing is complete!"
Everyone cheers and gathers around Kif and Amy.
Bender says: "Alright!"
Kif says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Grand Midwife says: "I will now take my leave."
Grand Midwife says: "I live here so I won't actually be going anywhere, but you don't have to talk to me anymore."
Fry says: "Congratulations!"
Zapp says: "Nice work!"
Bender says: "Way to go, squishy!"
The tadpoles swim away.
Leela says: "There goes my DNA."
Leela says: "What a disgusting and beautiful process."
Fry says: "That's birth for you."
Kif says: "Well, we've given them a great start, Amy."
Kif says: "And in 20 years they'll sprout legs and crawl back onto land as children."
Amy says: "I'll be ready then."
They hug and watch their children swim around in the swamp. Two leap into the air and bump their heads.
Closing Credits.