[Scene says: "Videogame."
[Scene says: "The SCORE is 0050 and the DELIVERY BONUS is 0."
[Scene says: "A little boy is riding a bicycle and delivers newspapers to the houses that he passes by."
[Scene says: "Each delivery that he makes increases the SCORE by 50 points."
[Scene says: "Donkey Kong climbs out of a manhole and throws a barrel at him, but he manages to dodge it."
Fry says: "After centuries as a delivery boy, nothin' surprises me."
[The little boy is run over by a bus. The caption GAME OVER appears on screen says: "WINNERS DON'T PLAY VIDEOGAMES."
followed by F.B.I. WARNING says: "WINNERS DON'T PLAY VIDEOGAMES."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry is playing an arcade game called DELIVERY COMMAND."
Zoidberg says: "You stink, loser."
Leela says: "Pizza goin' out."
Leela says: "Come on!"
The screen of the arcade game is now showing the arcade game's name. Fry sighs and takes the pizza from Leela.
Fry says: "Alright."
Fry says: "I'll take the red rocket."
[The screen of the arcade game changes to HIGH SCORES says: "BBR 65535, NIB 48565, HJF 00254."
[Scene says: "New New York street, day."
[Scene says: "Fry is riding a hoverbicycle and is dressed in a red cap, a red jacket that is slightly different from his and that is all buttoned up, yellow shorts, and white socks, each with a red strike, that go all the way to his knee."
[Scene says: "He is run over by a hoverbus and grunts."
[Scene says: "Outside Applied Cryogenics."
[Scene says: "The clock on the wall reads approximately 3:03."
[Cut to says: "Applied Cryogenics corridor."
[Cut to says: "Fry has an adhesive bandage on his face."
[Cut to says: "He opens a door with a sign reading APPLIED CRYOGENICS and enters the room."
[Cut to says: "It is the room where he was frozen."
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Pizza delivery for..."
Fry says: "One time was funny."
Fry says: "But, every week for ten years, not as funny."
Ipji says: "True."
Ipji says: "Not as funny."
Ipji says: "But still somewhat funny."
The three men burst out laughing again. Fry looks annoyed.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth, Bender, Hermes, Zoidberg, Leela, and Amy are sitting at the conference table."
[Scene says: "Fry is standing up."
Fry says: "And..."
Fry says: "And then they burst out laughing a second time."
Fry says: "I've been a delivery boy for a thousand years."
Fry says: "Isn't there any room for promotion around here?"
Hermes says: "There'll be no promotions unless somebody dies."
Hermes says: "And, even then, only if we can bring 'em back as a zombie like Scruffy."
Hermes points to Scruffy, who is mopping the floor. His wash bucket is beside him.
Scruffy says: "Life and death are a seamless continuum."
Scruffy hums.
Fry says: "Well, could I at least get some encouragement?"
Fry says: "I could use a shot in the arm."
Fry says: "I got shot in the leg!"
A bag of money is thrown through the window, completely breaking it. Roberto enters the building through the window, nervous, and grabs the bag.
Bender says: "Roberto!"
Bender says: "What are you doin' here?"
Roberto says: "What?"
Roberto says: "A fella can't drop in on ol' friends and hold 'em hostage?"
Roberto positions his knife in front of Zoidberg's neck.
Zoidberg says: "I'm good!"
Zoidberg says: "And you?"
Smitty says: "Attention, criminal Robot in the building."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The building is being surrounded by NNYPD officers and hovercars."
Smitty says: "Come out with your hands up."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Roberto is still threatening Zoidberg."
Bender says: "Never!"
Smitty says: "Uh, other guy."
Roberto says: "Listen up, piggies!"
Roberto says: "I want a hovercopter."
Roberto says: "And a non-marked sandwich."
Roberto says: "And a new face with, like, a..."
Roberto says: "A Hugh Grant look."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The building is still being surrounded by the NNYPD."
Roberto says: "And, every five minutes I don't get it, someone's gonna get stabbed in the ass!"
Zoidberg says: "Ouch!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg looks terrified as Roberto threatens him."
Zoidberg says: "He's not bluffing!"
The ceiling is teared open by URL and Smitty, who descend to the floor with black ropes.
URL says: "You call for a chopper?"
Roberto says: "Nah."
Roberto says: "I specifically said hovercopter."
URL says: "One chopper comin' up."
URL hits Roberto in the head. Roberto screams as he falls down.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The number of NNYPD officers and hovercars surrounding the building has diminished."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Leela, Fry, Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, and Zoidberg are there."
[Cut to says: "A crowd, the crew included, cheers."
[Cut to says: "All hovercars but one fly away."
[Cut to says: "Smitty and URL force Roberto into the one hovercar left."
[Cut to says: "Amy kisses Smitty passionately."
[Cut to says: "Smitty is perplexed."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg also kisses Smitty passionately."
[Cut to says: "Smitty is terrified."
[Cut to says: "The two crew members walk away."
Smitty says: "You know, URL."
Smitty says: "Sometimes it's almost too much for me."
URL says: "You mean the respect we get and the high level of job satisfaction?"
Smitty enters the car.
Smitty says: "There's that, but I'm also talkin' about the non-stop promotions and the free hot ride."
The hovercar grows a roof of light and flies away.
Leela says: "I do love a man in uniform."
Leela says: "I mean a uniform that doesn't involve short pants."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I can see I have no future here."
Fry says: "My only option is to resign with dignity."
Fry says: "Here are my shorts."
Fry walks away with his buttocks bared. Amy, Leela, and Hermes look at him in surprise as he walks into the distance.
[Scene says: "Outside Police Academy."
[Scene says: "A sign reads NOT AFFILIATED WITH POLICE ACADEMY IV."
[Cut to says: "Inside Police Academy."
[Cut to says: "Fry stands below a sign reading RECRUITMENT."
Fry says: "Hello."
Fry says: "I'd like to enrol in Police Academy."
Policeman #1 says: "You think you can just waltz in here with no pants and become a cop?"
Fry says: "That's the plan."
Fry nods.
Policeman #1 says: "I like you, kid."
Policeman #1 says: "I got no pants on either."
Fry says: "I can see that."
Fry says: "You're quite a bit taller than me."
The policeman offers Fry his hand.
Policeman #1 says: "Welcome to Police Academy."
Fry shakes the policeman's hand.
[Scene says: "Classroom."
[Scene says: "Wearing white NNYPD shirts, Aliens, Humans, including Fry, and Robots, including Fat-bot and the spotty teen Robot, are sitting down."
[Scene says: "Fry turns to a brown Robot to his left."
Fry says: "Hi!"
Fry says: "I'm Fry."
Brown Robot says: "I'm the Sound Effects 5000."
The Sound Effects 5000 produces several sound effects.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "That would be impressive if you were a Human!"
Sound Effects 5000 says: "Yeah..."
The door opens.
Policeman #2 says: "On your feet for Chief O'Mannahan."
All stand up.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "At ease, cadets."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "I'll make this short and sweet 'cause I'm PMS-in' like a lumberjack."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Police Academy is not for everybody."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "You're gonna get your boobs scuffed."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "But, if you got the vulva to stick it out, I'll be proud to call you ladies policemen."
Fry salutes the Chief.
Fry says: "Sir!"
Fry says: "Yes, ma'am!"
[Scene says: "Car."
[Scene says: "Fry and the Sound Effects 5000 are in it."
[Scene says: "They start driving."
[Scene says: "Fry is smiling."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that the car is in a room, attached to the floor, and the buildings that they were passing by are a circling background."
[Scene says: "Fry and the Sound Effects 5000 look to a black-haired man in the room."
Black-haired man says: "Yeah."
Black-haired man says: "That's great."
Black-haired man says: "Now can you actually turn on the ignition?"
Sound Effects 5000 says: "I don't have any hands."
The Sound Effects 5000 lifts up his arms, revealing that he has footcups for hands.
[Montage says: "Outside Police Academy."
[Montage says: "Fry, another Human, and two Robots are practising shooting."
[Montage says: "Fry runs out of fire and angrily throws his gun towards an arc on a shooting doll as if it were an arrow, hitting the centre."
[Cut to says: "Arena."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns on a lightsaber."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that the black-haired man, who is standing on a podium, and a construction with a sign reading BATON RANGE are there."
[Cut to says: "Fry hits three robbers like beavers, but does not hit a woman who is carrying a baby."
[Cut to says: "The black-haired man nods, approving of Fry's performance."
[Cut to says: "Fry hits him with the lightsaber and he screams and falls down."
[Scene says: "Arena."
[Scene says: "Chief O'Mannahan is standing on a stage above which there is a sign reading TODAY: POLICE ACADEMY GRADUATION, TONIGHT: POLICE ACADEMY AWARDS."
[Scene says: "Various cadets are sitting while looking at her and a crowd is watching the event."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Well, it's that time of the month."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Graduation Day."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "So grow up hair and put 'em together for our new officers."
The crowd applauds. The Sound Effects 5000 and Fry are among the cadets.
Amy says: "Woohoo!"
Fry looks at the crowd, seeing Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Bender, Leela, and Amy.
Bender says: "Hooray for the pigs!"
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Graduates, you are hereby officially cops."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Now movin' along."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Nothin' to see here."
The policemen cheer and throw their lightsabers in the air. It starts raining lightsabers and the policemen complain.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "Free sky sticks!"
Zoidberg says: "Police brutality!"
[Scene says: "Outside the NNYPD."
[Scene says: "The words 18TH PRECINCT are below the façade."
[Scene says: "A TV screen on the wall shows the caption WANTED, along with the profile photographs of two people, a woman and a man, who are walking by it."
[Scene says: "A policeman exits the building."
[Cut to says: "Inside the NNYPD."
[Cut to says: "A bored policeman and Chief O'Mannahan, who is writing on a pad with a pen and has a cigar in her mouth, are standing up in front of a screen displaying a map, two photographs of individual locations, one of which is the NNYPD itself, and the captions INCIDENT, APB, and 10851."
[Cut to says: "Chief O'Mannahan spits on the floor."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Alright."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Before we head out, I'll be teaming up our new officers with their ironically matched partners."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Sound Effects 5000, you'll be with Gretsky."
The Sound Effects 5000 raises his arms, turns to Gretsky, and produces a cheering sound. Gretsky covers his ears and screams.
Gretsky says: "Ow, my tinnitus!"
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Fry, due to the unfortunate loss of Officer Smith, you'll be riding with URL."
URL says: "And Smitty was just a few days from retirement."
Fry says: "Wuh—"
Fry says: "What happened?"
URL says: "He took a early retirement."
URL says: "Damn."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Hermes, Leela, Amy, and Bender are sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is standing up."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let's get down to business."
Amy says: "Aren't you gonna say  Good news, everyone?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "No, I just said that for Fry's benefit."
Professor Farnsworth says: "May the poor fellow feel better about his pointless job."
Leela and Amy nod with their eyes closed.
Hermes says: "As much as I miss 'im, he didn't really serve much purpose around here."
Hermes says: "Though he did walk Zoidberg."
The camera pans over to Zoidberg, who is biting on a leash and whining. Zoidberg spits out the leash.
Professor Farnsworth says: "In any case, I've improved on Fry by sticking some wheels on a board so Leela and Bender can easily make the next delivery without him."
Professor Farnsworth puts a board made of wood with wheels attached on the table and slides it in Bender's direction.
Bender says: "Neat."
Bender says: "So where are we goin'?"
Professor Farnsworth makes the table's holographic projector show a planet in grey.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Pandora."
Leela says: "That dangerous, 3-D planet?"
Leela says: "Can't we just send our avatars?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "No!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's cheaper just to have you die."
[Scene says: "New New York street."
[Scene says: "A green car is going very fast."
[Scene says: "URL uses a radar detector to measure its speed."
[Scene says: "The radar's screen reads c+15MPH."
[Scene says: "Fry looks at it."
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Fifteen miles over the speed of light."
URL says: "That's a violation of the law of Lorentz invariance, baby."
Fry says: "Light 'em up."
URL's head grows two police horns. Fry and URL ride their motorcycles in pursuit of the car. The car's driver spots the two policemen on his rearview mirror. The camera shows a box next to him. The car causes confusion, scaring the people on the street, and follows the road. There is a sign reading WELCOME TO CIRCUIT CITY. The car enters the City through an electric passageway, turning into a car in the style of Tron. The NNYPD motorcycles proceed through the passageway in pursuit of the car and each one becomes a light cycle. The chase continues and URL sees hobo Dandy Jim.
URL says: "Look out for that particular individual."
The wall of light created by Fry's cycle stops Dandy Jim.
Dandy Jim says: "An electric wall, eh?"
Dandy Jim says: "I can't see the harm in peein' on that."
Dandy Jim's urinating momentarily destabilises the City. Still trying to avoid capture, the car hits Fry's cycle, causing it to spin around in the air for a while. Fry manages to make a safe landing.
URL says: "Whoa!"
URL says: "Where my man learn that?"
Fry says: "SunnyD commercial."
Fry and URL keep pursuing the car.
URL says: "Let's refract this sucker."
Fry and URL appear in front of the driver and proceed towards him. The driver screams as his car is surrounded by an electric wall on each side, forcing him to drive towards what seems to be the centre of the City, the location of a giant, jewel-like object around which floats the caption FRESNEL CIRCLE. He tries to prevent his car from colliding with the object by driving around it. The object creates five duplicates of the car and five duplicates of the driver, each in a different colour. The six identical cars crash into the electric wall produced by the original car. The six identical drivers scream and the six cars turn into one, the original car, broken. The light in the City disappears and the driver opens his car's door, falling on the floor. Fry and URL are pointing their guns at him.
Fry says: "DNA and career chip, please."
The driver offers his hand and Fry pierces it with a gun that projects a hologram reading NNY DMV, ERWIN SCHRÖDINGER and showing the driver's profile photograph.
URL says: "Erwin Schrödinger, huh?"
URL says: "What's in the box, Schrödinger?"
Erwin Schrödinger says: "Um..."
Erwin Schrödinger says: "A cat, some poison, und a caesium atom."
Fry says: "The cat!"
Fry says: "Is it alive or dead?"
Fry says: "Alive or dead?!"
Fry says: "!"
URL pushes Schrödinger against his car's door, alarming him.
URL says: "Answer him, fool."
Erwin Schrödinger says: "It's a superposition of both states until you open it and collapse the wave function."
Fry enters the car.
Fry says: "Says you."
Fry opens the box and a cat jumps out of it, attacking him. Fry screams. URL takes a close look at the box.
URL says: "There's also a lotta drugs in there."
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship is flying."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "A chair is labelled PHILIP J."
[Cut to says: "FRY, DELIVERY BOY."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to Bender and Leela."
[Cut to says: "Bender is sitting on a chair that is identical to the Fry chair and Leela is at the wheel."
[Cut to says: "There is an awkward silence."
Leela says: "So..."
Leela says: "You're a Robot?"
Bender sighs and looks the other way.
[Scene says: "Outside the NNYPD."
[Scene says: "The TV screen has an image of the Hyper-Chicken and the caption NEED A LAWYER?"
[Scene says: "."
[Scene says: "Fry and URL escort Schrödinger inside."
[Scene says: "A policeman wielding a lightsaber and two civilians are also present."
[Cut to says: "Chief O'Mannahan's office."
[Cut to says: "Chief O'Mannahan is shaving above a drawing of Schrödinger."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "You boys did good."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Nailed a major violator of the laws of Physics."
URL says: "He's goin' down."
URL says: "Cat's gonna testify."
Chief O'Mannahan lifts up the drawing of Schrödinger, revealing it to read WANTED.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Guys like this really bust my uterus."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "You're both getting a promotion!"
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Ever heard of the Future Crimes Division?"
Fry says: "Tomorrow I have."
[Scene says: "Anaglyph-image planet."
[Scene says: "The caption PANDORA is on screen."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards the planet and moves back and forth, accidentally clashing with a tree resembling the Hometree in Avatar and consequently knocking it down."
Leela says: "Oops."
The ship lands on the log.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
Leela says: "I can't make out a thing!"
Bender's eyes look like 3-D glasses. His right eye is blue and his left eye is red.
Bender says: "Well, I guess you should've had two eyes!"
Leela kicks the board, now sustaining a package, in Bender's direction.
Leela says: "Just deliver the package and let's get outta here."
Bender says: "Screw that!"
Bender says: "I ain't no delivery boy!"
Bender says: "I'm the company's chef."
Leela says: "Oh!"
Leela says: "You're the chef, are you?"
Leela says: "Then why don't you make us something nice to eat?"
Bender stands up as well and begins walking towards the door, muttering.
Bender says: "Here's your damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich!"
Bender throws a sandwich onto the camera. The caption PUT ON 3-D GLASSES ONE MINUTE AGO appears on screen.
[Scene says: "Door."
[Scene says: "It has a sign reading FUTURE CRIMES DIVISION and another sign reading WE KNOW WHAT YOU DID NEXT SUMMER."
[Scene says: "The door opens."
[Scene says: "The room is a cylinder and its walls are filled with screens, displaying photographs showing Joey Mousepad, a female Omicronian, the Donbot, the Taco Bellevue Doctor, and Petunia."
[Scene says: "A spiral staircase, three elevator tubes, and ten desks are inside."
[Scene says: "There is no ceiling on sight."
[Scene says: "Various people are looking busy."
[Scene says: "A blond man enters and is followed by Fry and URL as he walks through as aisle leading to the door of one of the elevators."
Blond man says: "Now that we can predict crimes with 99% accuracy, we can arrest most perpetrators before they even perpetrate anything."
Fry says: "That's ridiculous."
Fry says: "Only horoscopes can predict the future."
Blond man says: "That's what we used to think."
Blond man says: "Until we invented..."
Blond man says: "This."
Fry and URL approach the tub.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
URL says: "Slowed on, baby."
Blond man says: "The cybernetic oracle."
Blond man says: "The ultimate man-machine hybrid."
Blond man says: "Programmed with every crime ever recorded and implanted with the brain cells of History's greatest detectives."
Blond man says: "We call 'im..."
Blond man says: "Pickles."
Fry says: "On account of it's like he's floating in a jar?"
Blond man says: "Exactly."
Blond man says: "The oracle's visions are recorded on these coloured balls."
Blond man says: "Green is larceny."
Blond man says: "Black is fraud."
Blond man says: "Red, homicide."
Fry says: "What's pink pocodots?"
Blond man says: "Clown slaughter."
Blond man says: "It happens more often than you think."
Blond man says: "Red ball, homicide!"
Fry says: "Woo!"
The blond man puts the ball in a machine, which produces a blue light. Now wearing metallic gloves, the blond man moves around photographs on the wall screen that are superimposed on each other. They show a window, Hattie, an old man, a raccoon in the snow, birds, and a sheet of paper reading LAST WILL & WHATCHACALLIT. He isolates the photograph showing the old man.
Blond man says: "Suspect: Male, six-foot-one, distinctive mustard stain on his forehead."
The blond man isolates the photograph showing Hattie, which now bears the play symbol in its lower left corner. He presses the symbol, starting a video.
Hattie says: "My kajigger!"
Blond man says: "Victim: Hattie McDoogal."
[The blond man isolates the photograph showing the birds says: "08."
which automatically turns into a video showing the birds tweet. He passes the photograph to Fry says: "08."
who zooms in says: "08."
isolating a clock reading 5 says: "08."
Fry says: "Look!"
Fry says: "The clock says 5:08."
Fry says: "It's 4:30 right now!"
URL says: "Uh-oh."
URL says: "We only have a half hour to chill out before we head over."
[Scene says: "The house shown by one of the photographs revealed by the red ball."
[Scene says: "The birds are in a cage."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that Hattie is sitting on a couch with the old man, who kisses her hand three times."
Old man says: "Oh, Hattie."
Old man says: "When I look into your one good eye, I see a reflection of beauty."
Hattie looks the other way, embarrassed.
Hattie says: "Oh, fresh."
URL bursts in through the door, wielding a gun. Fry is behind him.
URL says: "Freeze, fool."
Fry enters and is also wielding a gun.
Fry says: "You're under arrest for future murder!"
[The clock on the wall reads 5 says: "08."
Old man says: "Ja?"
Old man says: "You can't arrest me for future murder after it's right-now murder!"
The old man grabs a snow globe with the raccoon in it from a nightstand and prepares to throw it at Hattie.
Hattie says: "My kajigger!"
Hattie says: "So he didn't really wanna marry me?"
URL says: "Nah."
URL says: "See, he knew you'd left everything to your parakeets in your will."
URL lifts up the sheet of paper reading LAST WILL & WHATCHACALLIT.
Fry says: "He was gonna murder you, marry your parakeets, and then poison them with an arsenic-laced cuttlebone."
Fry grabs a cuttlebone from the old man's jacket.
URL says: "Classic move."
URL says: "Aw, yeah."
[Scene says: "NNYPD locker room."
[Scene says: "Gretsky, the black-haired man, Chief O'Mannahan, URL, and Fry are present."
[Scene says: "Chief O'Mannahan is topless, smoking a cigar, and sitting down, while the two policemen are in their uniforms and standing up."
[Scene says: "Chief O'Mannahan's bra is hanging from the door of one of the lockers."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Congratulations on your big bust."
Fry says: "You too."
Chief O'Mannahan stands up.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Keep it up and you boys might just make detective."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I gotta go drop a big one."
Chief O'Mannahan enters the ladies room.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I can't believe it."
Fry says: "One more promotion and I'll be a real detective."
Fry says: "Like Sherlock Holmes or Speed Buggy."
Chief O'Mannahan exits the ladies room with the cigar in her mouth and a crying baby in her arms.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Eight pounds."
Chief O'Mannahan says: "I'm namin' 'er Bert!"
URL says: "Mazel tov, Chief."
URL says: "That's a beautiful bathroom baby."
[Scene says: "Photograph room."
[Scene says: "Fry is sitting in front of the wall screen, which is displaying photographs showing Hattie, ten units of what looks like an emerald, the raccoon in the snow globe, and two of the old man who tried to kill Hattie."
[Scene says: "He presses buttons randomly and URL enters, dressed in a casual outfit."
URL says: "Ain't you headin' home, Phil?"
Fry says: "In a minute."
Fry says: "I just wanna finish this paperless work."
URL says: "Don't stay up too late."
URL says: "We gotta lotta people to shoot tomorrow."
URL leaves and the photographs on the wall screen disappear. The alarm goes off and the red light flashes. A green ball surfaces in the tub.
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Anyone?"
Fry says: "There's never a cop around when you need one."
Fry stands up, approaches the tub, and reaches the ball with a fishing net. He puts it in the machine, which produces the blue light, and the wall screen displays photographs showing a gun, a safe, a calendar, the word Maltese, a play symbol, a house, and a dog.
Female voice says: "Green ball, larceny."
Fry sits down and isolates the photograph showing the safe. The safe explodes. Fry isolates the photograph showing the dog. The dog barks angrily. Fry isolates the photograph showing the calendar. The calendar reads NEXT THURSDAY, 8. Fry isolates the photograph showing the gun. The gun fires. Fry isolates the photograph showing the play symbol and hums.
Fry says: "The thief seems to be some sorta ghost."
Fry says: "Or is he?"
Fry says: "Bender?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry presses the play symbol. Bender laughs evilly.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry's jacket is hanging on a chair."
Hermes says: "Our corporate tax rate remained unchanged this fiscal year."
Amy says: "That's not funny."
Hermes says: "It's not supposed to be funny."
Hermes says: "It's a business meetin'."
Zoidberg says: "Things used to be funny around here!"
Zoidberg says: "Noses were picked."
Zoidberg says: "Pants fell down."
Zoidberg says: "So what changed?"
Zoidberg says: "Only Fry could say..."
Zoidberg says: "And he's gone!"
Bender and Leela enter.
Amy says: "Hey!"
Amy says: "Bender and Leela are back from Pandora."
Amy says: "How was it?"
Bender has already sat down. Leela is leaning against the table.
Leela says: "Awful."
Leela says: "We had nothing to say to each other."
Leela says: "So we had to listen to Bender's Eagles album for twenty-seven hours."
Bender says: "Beats talkin' to you, "Witchy Woman"."
Bender says: "Hey, meatbag!"
Hermes says: "Look at you!"
Leela says: "Hubba-hubba."
Leela says: "Your pants go almost all the way to your ankles!"
Fry approaches the table.
Fry says: "Good afternoon, individuals."
Fry says: "Sir, would you mind stepping outta the building?"
Bender says: "Normally, when a cop asks me that, I spray whipped cream in his eyes and run away."
Bender says: "But, to ditch these losers, gladly."
[Scene says: "Central Park."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry are walking."
Fry says: "Bender, be honest with me."
Fry says: "Are you planning a big heist?"
Bender says: "Usually, but not at the moment."
Fry says: "I only ask 'cause the oracle thinks you're gonna pull of a major theft next Thursday."
Bender writes on a pad with a pencil.
Bender says: "Next Thursday, you say?"
Bender says: "Pray, continue."
Fry presses the NNYPD badge on his helmet and a hologram of the photograph showing the house is projected from his nose.
Fry says: "Are you familiar with this particular location?"
Bender says: "I may have a burgling familiarity with it."
Fry presses the NNYPD badge again and a hologram of the photograph showing the word Maltese is projected.
Fry says: "Does the word Maltese mean anything to you?"
Bender says: "The Maltese Liquor?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "The strongest and most valuable malt liquor ever brewed!"
Bender says: "And soon it will be mine..."
Bender says: "I'm sorry."
Bender says: "You were sayin'?"
Fry presses the NNYPD badge one last time and the hologram disappears.
Fry says: "Bender, I'm only tellin' you this so you can avoid committing the crime."
Bender says: ""Avoid committing the crime"."
Bender says: "Got it."
Fry takes the pad from Bender's hand.
Fry says: "You wrote "Commit the crime"!"
Bender sprays in Fry's eyes with a bottle labelled Whipped Cream and runs away, laughing. Fry looks angry.
[Scene says: "Outside the NNYPD."
[Scene says: "The TV screen has the caption THE PLACE TO CALL WHEN YOU'RE BEING MURDERED."
[Scene says: "No one is there."
[Cut to says: "Photograph room."
[Cut to says: "Fry is once again sitting in front of the wall screen."
[Cut to says: "The wall screen is displaying the seven photographs revealed by the green ball."
[Cut to says: "Fry sighs as he moves them around."
Fry says: "There's gotta be some way to stop Bender."
Fry says: "That's me."
Fry says: "I recognise the face."
Fry continues playing the video. The video shows Fry shoot Bender. Bender screams, drops the bottle, and falls down.
Bender says: "You shot me."
Bender says: "You miserable dingus!"
Bender makes a dying sound.
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "What have I will have done?"
URL says: "Man, that's heavy."
URL says: "Osmium heavy."
Fry gasps.
Fry says: "Are you gonna turn me in for concealing evidence?"
URL says: "Say what?"
URL says: "You're my partner, home-Fry."
URL says: "Besides, I got my own secrets."
The door is opened by Chief O'Mannahan. Chief O'Mannahan enters.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "Anything big worth checkin' out?"
URL removes the green ball from the machine, making the photographs on the wall screen disappear.
URL says: "Just your big, jangly booty, baby."
Chief O'Mannahan approaches URL.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "See ya tonight, toots."
Chief O'Mannahan gropes URL and leaves.
Fry says: "You..."
Fry says: "And—"
Fry says: "And the Chief?!"
Fry says: "!"
URL hums.
URL says: "We been gettin' it on."
URL says: "Right there in your chair."
URL says: ""Yeah."
URL says: "Yeah."
URL says: "Yeah."
[Scene says: "Outside the NNYPD, night."
[Scene says: "The TV screen has the caption ANGRY?"
[Scene says: "FRUSTRATED?"
[Scene says: "APPLY TO BE A COP!"
[Scene says: "."
[Scene says: "No one is there."
[Scene says: "Two street lamps are on."
[Cut to says: "Photograph room."
[Cut to says: "The wall screen is displaying the video showing Fry shoot Bender."
Fry says: "I would never shoot Bender!"
Fry says: "Never!"
Fry says: "He taught me how to shave."
The alarm goes off and the red light flashes. A green ball with dark-green strikes surfaces. URL reaches it with a fishing net.
URL says: "Revision ball."
URL says: "By decidin' not to shoot Bender, you created an alternate future."
URL throws the ball in Fry's direction and Fry catches it and puts it in the machine. The wall screen displays another video showing Fry point a gun at Bender.
Fry says: "I could never shoot you!"
Fry says: "Never!"
Fry says: "You taught me how to shave."
Fry says: "See?"
Fry says: "Go!"
Bender sprays in Fry's eyes with the bottle labelled Whipped Cream and runs away, laughing. Fry looks sad.
URL says: "Now dig the unintended consequences."
URL points at the wall screen. The wall screen displays a video showing the Planet Express conference room, where Professor Farnsworth and Amy are sitting at the conference table, on which there is a bottle of Maltese Liquor, and Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Leela are standing up.
Bender says: "Oops."
URL approaches the two.
URL says: "The Maltese Liquor done destroyed their brains."
URL says: "Fools should've known it's fatal for anyone but Robots and Billy Dee Williams."
Fry pauses the video.
Fry says: "So, if I don't shoot Bender, all my other friends will die?!"
Fry says: "!"
URL says: "Fate is a freaky mistress."
URL says: "Much like the Chief."
URL says: "Look out!"
Fry says: "Somethin' is not right."
Fry says: "I refuse to believe it."
Fry says: "Rewind!"
Fry and URL both rewind.
[Scene says: "The house shown by one of the photographs revealed by the green ball."
[Scene says: "Equipped with a contractor's belt and kit, Bender heads towards the door and rings the bell."
[Scene says: "He looks at the camera, revealing that he is wearing a moustache, and scratches his buttocks."
[Scene says: "The door is opened by Hedonism Bot."
Hedonism Bot says: "Ooh."
Hedonism Bot says: "Are you the calloused working man I ordered?"
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "Sure."
[Cut to says: "Wine cellar."
[Cut to says: "Followed by Hedonism Bot, who is coming down the stairs, Bender walks further into the room."
Bender says: "In order to fix your leaky roof, I'll need to spend two or three hours down here in the wine cellar."
Hedonism Bot says: "I'll be upstairs putting batteries and things."
Hedonism Bot leaves. Bender presses a button on the wall, turning the lights on. He drops his kit.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "Two-hundred-and-ten proof."
Fry says: "That's all the proof I need."
Fry says: "Put the bottle back!"
Bender says: "We both know I won't do that!"
Bender says: "Either you're gonna shoot me or I'm gonna spray whipped cream in your eyes and walk outta here like a big shot."
Fry says: "Bender, no!"
Fry says: "You don't have to do something just 'cause it's gonna happen!"
Fry says: "The future's making a chump outta you!"
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Well, I'm gonna make a chump outta the future!"
Bender says: "I'm not stealin' anything."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "I stopped the crime without shooting you."
Fry says: "The oracle was wrong!"
Male voice says: "Was I?"
The camera reveals the male voice to belong to Pickles, who is wielding a gun of his own.
Fry says: "Pickles?!"
Fry says: "!"
Pickles says: "Yes."
Pickles says: "It is I, Pickles!"
Pickles says: "I set the whole thing up."
Pickles says: "Everyone will think Bender's the thief, while I make off with that glorious brew."
Bender says: "Seriously?"
Bender says: "Why?"
Pickles says: "So I can kill my Human brain cells."
Pickles says: "Do you have any idea what a burden it is to know everything that will ever happen?!"
Pickles says: "!"
Pickles says: "To never be surprised."
Pickles says: "To know the punch line of every joke hours in advance."
Fry says: "Like watching Leno."
Pickles says: "And that is why I faked the prediction of this crime."
Pickles says: "Nevertheless, stay with me here."
Pickles says: "Not that one!"
Pickles says: "The real one."
Pickles says: "Which you switched when Fry stupidly looked away."
Fry is looking away.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Aw, man."
Bender says: "Why do you gotta be so oracle-y?"
Bender opens his chest cabinet, grabs the real bottle, and hands it to Pickles.
Pickles says: "Fry..."
Pickles says: "You are going to shoot Bender, killing him and shattering the fake bottle."
Pickles says: "Just as I predicted."
Pickles says: "Do it!"
Pickles says: "It is your destiny!"
Fry says: "Funny thing about destiny."
Fry says: "Oh, nuts."
Bender says: "You shot me!"
Bender says: "You miserable dingus!"
Bender makes a dying sound.
Pickles says: "And now the part I didn't show you."
Pickles says: "Finally..."
Pickles says: "Blissful ignorance!"
Pickles says: "I have no idea what's going to happen next!"
Fry says: "Did you get that, Chief?"
Pickles screams. Fry lifts up his shirt, revealing that he is wearing a bullet-proof vest. Bender opens his chest cabinet, which contains a hanger and another bullet-proof vest. Bender takes the vest out of his chest cabinet. Pickles is stunned. The mirror stops reflecting his image, showing the figures of URL and Chief O'Mannahan.
Chief O'Mannahan says: "We got it all from behind this prediction-proof glass."
Fry handcuffs Pickles.
Pickles says: "But..."
Pickles says: "How could you know my prediction was fake?"
Fry says: "I knew somethin' was wrong, but I couldn't put my finger on it."
Fry says: "Then it hit me."
Fry says: "Bender would never share!"
Bender says: "The very idea!"
Fry says: "So we set up this little charade based on an episode of Speed Buggy."
Bender and Fry high-five.
URL says: "With the added benefit of me and the Chief bein' locked in a small room."
URL and Chief O'Mannahan share a long kiss. Hedonism Bot enters, dressed in a cosplay outfit.
Hedonism Bot says: "Shall we adjourn to the dungeon?"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry is now wearing his regular clothes."
Fry says: "Well, I got my shield for stopping Bender."
Fry says: "But then I got fired for tipping off Bender."
They all cheer again. Bender gives Fry the finger.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fry, we have no idea what you do around here, but we desperately need you back."
Fry says: "Ruh—"
Fry says: "Really?"
Fry says: "Um, I don't suppose there's any chance I can get a promotion..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Sure!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "What the heck!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I hereby promote you to..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Executive delivery boy!"
Fry says: "Executive?!"
Fry says: "!"
Hermes says: "It's a meanin'less title, but it helps insecure people feel better about themselves."
Executive Producers, MATT GROENING, DAVID X. COHEN appears on screen.
Fry says: "I feel better about myself!"
Closing Credits.