[Opening Credits. Caption says: "It's Like "Hee-Haw" With Lasers."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Bender, Amy, Hermes, Fry and Zoidberg are gathered around the table."
[Scene says: "Enter Farnsworth and Leela."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "You all know the orphanarium where Leela grew up?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "We talk about it all the time."
Leela says: "Really?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Burn!"
Fry and Bender high-five.
Farnsworth says: "Well done, fellows!"
Farnsworth says: "Anyway, said orphanarium has named Leela "Orphan of the Year"."
Everyone cheers.
Amy says: "Yee-ha!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Amy says: "Your parents must be so proud."
Amy says: "Oops!"
Amy says: "Sorry."
Farnsworth says: "And the good news keeps on coming."
Farnsworth says: "Behold my latest invention."
He presses a button on a remote and the wall opens up. A big machine with gauges and flashing lights slides forward.
Bender says: "Neat!"
Farnsworth pulls a switch on the machine and parts of it move around and make noises like the gum machine in Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory. A small green thing lands in a tray on the side of the machine.
Farnsworth says: "Ta-da!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a glow-in-the-dark nose you can wear over your regular non-glowing nose."
Farnsworth says: "Observe."
He puts the nose on then presses a button on the remote and the lights go off. His new nose glows.
Amy says: "Whoa, clool!"
Bender says: "Now I can punch you in the nose in the dark."
Farnsworth sneezes and the nose flies off and lands on Bender's face. The lights come back on and everyone stares at Bender. He looks around.
Bender says: "Where'd it go?"
Amy goes behind the machine. It spews green waste into barrels.
Amy says: "Hey, Professor, what's all this scloop, glorking out of the machine?"
Farnsworth says: "That?"
Farnsworth says: "It's, uh..."
Farnsworth says: "nothing."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, nothing."
Farnsworth says: "If you think it's anything, you're a suspicious moron."
Hermes says: "It looks like toxic waste."
Hermes says: "And it smells like toxic waste."
Fry says: "What does it taste like?"
Hermes tastes it.
Hermes says: "Delicious fig pudding!"
Hermes says: "Ooh, that's good!"
Hermes says: "But a distinct aftertaste of toxic waste."
Farnsworth says: "Alright, alright, so the machine produces a few toxic by-products!"
Farnsworth says: "You don't have to make a federal case out of it."
Hermes says: "I'm afraid I do."
Hermes says: "I order you dispose of that toxic waste properly or bribe me."
Hermes says: "Either way it'll cost $500."
Bender says: "500 real dollars?"
Bender says: "That's an outrage!"
Bender says: "Professor, I'll take care of that waste for $499 and 100 cents."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm, I know that's a rip but I'll pay for the convenience."
Farnsworth says: "Do you take credit cards?"
Bender says: "Let's find out."
He swipes the card across his mouth.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Balcony."
[Scene says: "Bender holds a waste hose."
Bender says: "Alright, environment, you've met your match!"
He chuckles. He pushes the hose over the railings towards the street. On its way down the hose shoots some waste across the road where it hits and partially dissolves a tree. The tree falls onto a car which melts the road and disappears through a hole. The hose stops by a manhole and pumps waste into the sewers. Bender whistles and fans his money.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Vyolet the mutant crawls out of the sewer in a wedding dress."
[Cut to says: "She splutters."
Smitty says: "Hey, get back in the sewer, weird-y."
Smitty says: "No mutants on the surface."
Vyolet says: "But he ruined my wedding dress."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Balcony."
Bender says: "Honey, that thing was ruined the minute it went on you."
Bender says: "That's what I'm talkin' 'bout."
He struts off with his cigar and money.
[Scene says: "Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium Auditorium."
[Scene says: "Party streams have been put up and there is a banner which reads "Wall Of Fame Induction."
[Scene says: "No Really Loud Snoring"."
[Scene says: "Warden Vogel stands behind a lectern, addressing the rows of children and the Planet Express staff."
[Scene says: "Leela sits to his right in front of the wall of fame."
Vogel says: "Y'know, it's not easy being an orphan -- not if I have anything to do with it."
Vogel says: "I'll never forget the night that cute little alien baby was abandoned on our doorstep."
Vogel says: "Because I have a photographic memory and I remember every night!"
Flashback. Vogel sits in his office and the doorbell goes. He opens the door, looks around, then looks down. Baby Leela is in a basket. He picks her up and tickles her. He sees a note.
Vogel says: "What the--?"
Vogel says: "An alien language?"
Vogel says: "I guess you're an alien."
Vogel says: "What a beautiful gigantic eye you ha--  Well, come on in."
He takes her inside and tosses the basket into a pile of other baskets.
Flashback ends.
Vogel says: "From those humble beginnings, Leela went on to become a county-certified starship captain."
Vogel says: "And so it is my pleasure today to nail her picture alongside those of our most distinguished alumni."
The crowd cheers. Vogel hammers a nail into the wall and Leela stands up.
Leela says: "Thank you very much."
Leela says: "Like many of you, I never knew my parents..."
He shouts.
Vogel says: "There we are."
Vogel says: "Picture's up."
Bender says: "It's crooked!"
Vogel curses.
Leela says: "In the end though, it doesn't matter who my parents were."
Leela says: "All that matters is what I learned here, within these unscalable walls, that I have strength to make it on my own, just like all of you kids here today."
The kids in the audience cheer.
Kids says: "Leela!"
Kids says: "Leela!"
Kids says: "Leela!"
Nina puts on an eye patch.
Nina says: "Look at me!"
Nina says: "I'm Leela!"
Albert says: "Nuh-uh!"
Albert says: "'Cause I'm double Leela!"
He covers both of his eyes and runs into the wall. Leela's picture falls off.
Vogel says: "That's it, Albert, no more espresso for you."
Time Lapse. Leela talks to Fry.
Photographer says: "Mind if I get a picture of you with your picture for the news, ma'am?"
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "I mean no!"
Leela says: "Just make sure you get my nonchalant side!"
A man from the wall runs in behind Leela to get in on her photo and hoots.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry walks and hears Leela crying."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Cut to says: "Leela sits on the bench."
[Cut to says: "She takes her wrist machine off, revealing a bracelet under it."
Fry says: "If those aren't tears of happiness, please stop crying."
Leela says: "It's OK, Fry."
Leela says: "I'm fine."
Leela says: "I won an award today."
Fry says: "Is it this room that's making you sad?"
Fry says: "It's probably the room."
Fry says: "Come on, let's go for a walk."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela walk out of the building and down the street by the river."
Leela says: "I'm sorry you saw that, Fry."
Leela says: "I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness."
Fry says: "Yeah, I do that with my stupidness."
Leela says: "I told a whole crowd today that being an orphan made me strong."
Leela says: "But all I really wanted was a mom and dad, to hold me and stroke my hair and tell me they loved me."
Fry says: "Then today's your lucky day, because I happen to be a holding, stroking, lovin' machine!"
Fry says: "Also spankin'."
Leela says: "That's not even close to what I had in mind."
Fry says: "Well, anyway, just remember that people care about you."
Leela says: "I know."
Leela says: "Sometimes, when I'm lonely, I look up at the sky and I get this feeling that somewhere, on some unknown planet, circling a distant star, my parents are up there, looking down on me."
From the sewers a pair of Cyclopses look up at Leela.
Time Lapse. In daylight, Bender backs up a truck to a manhole near the Planet Express building. He hums to himself. Fry and Leela walk out of the building.
Fry says: "Yo, yo, Bezender!"
Fry says: "What up?"
Bender says: "My dumping business is booming."
Bender says: "I just got hired to clean up the set of Free Willy 3."
He presses a button and the truck tips out a whale. Bender forces it down the manhole by stamping on it.
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "Cut it out!"
Leela says: "First of all, the sewer mutants will be mad."
Leela says: "Second, everything else that's horribly wrong with what you're doing!"
Bender says: "Ah, those stupid mutants can't do anything."
Bender says: "You seem to be forgetting one simple fact."
Green sewage erupts from a fire hydrant and the manhole. Bender screams. The manhole crumbles away, followed by the road around it. Three mutants grab Fry, Leela and Bender and pull them underground. They scream. The hole expands and takes Bender's truck with it.
[Scene says: "New New York City Sewers."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender are tied up and suspended over a pool of green sewage."
Bender says: "What did I do to deserve this?"
Dwayne says: "Behold, our once beautiful mutagenic sewage lake."
Vyolet says: "The radioactive waste you dumped in it has made it bright enough to see how ugly we really are."
She and Dwayne look at each other and cringe.
Dwayne says: "Oh, man!"
Raoul says: "As if our lives weren't miserable enough already!"
Leg Mutant says: "Tell me about it!"
Raoul says: "Let the punishment commence!"
Leela says: "Punishment?"
Fry says: "No fair!"
Bender says: "Bender's innocent!"
Raoul says: "The instant you touch these mutatious waters, your DNA will be forever altered, turning you into horrible mutants like us."
Raoul says: "Especially him!"
Raoul says: "Allow me to demonstrate!"
He pulls a lever and a rat is lowered into the sewage. It comes back up as a green pig with fins and bat wings. Leela and Bender groan and Fry wretches.
Fry says: "It's like that time I peeked in the kitchen at Imperial Hunan."
Raoul says: "Submerge the prisoners."
The crew are lowered towards the sewage. Bender panics then stops.
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "I don't even have DNA."
Bender says: "Why am I screaming?"
Dwayne says: "We're gonna beat you afterwards."
Bender continues panicking.
Mutants says: "Mutate!"
Mutants says: "Mutate!"
Mutants says: "Mutate!"
Mutants says: "..."
Two hooded figures emerge from the crowd.
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Turanga Leela!"
Leela says: "Who said that?"
Leela says: "How do you know my real name?"
The hooded figures climb onto the crane holding the crew over the sewage and turn it so they are no longer suspended over the lake.
Bender says: "Whee!"
Raoul says: "What are you doing?"
Raoul says: "Stop it!"
Fry, Leela and Bender fall to the ground.
Fry says: "What happened?"
Leela says: "I don't know."
Leela says: "I think I saved us somehow."
Raoul says: "Go after them!"
Raoul says: "The waters can't mutate us mutants!"
The mutants dive into the sewage and swim across. Fry, Leela and Bender run away.
[Cut to says: "Mutant Village."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela and Bender run down past the cafes and Starbucks."
Raoul says: "They went this way!"
The crew stop outside a building that appears empty.
Bender says: "Quick!"
Bender says: "In there!"
He picks up Fry by his ankle and swings him at the window, breaking it. He and Leela jump in. Fry crawls in after them. The mutants run past.
Dwayne says: "Kill!"
Dwayne says: "Kill!"
Dwayne says: "Kill!"
[Cut to says: "Building."
[Cut to says: "The trio dust themselves off and look around."
[Cut to says: "Leela sees a wall full of newspaper clippings and things to do with her."
Leela says: "Great Cheech's ghost!"
Bender says: "What's this junk?"
Leela says: "It looks like..."
Leela says: "a timeline of my whole life."
Fry sees a news clipping.
Fry says: "That's when we saved Earth from a giant asteroid of garbage."
Leela says: "And here's when I dropped out and bummed around India for a while."
Bender says: "And this is just last year at Space Mardi Gras."
Leela says: "It's like some kind of weird Leela museum..."
Leela says: "and I'm the Leela!"
Fry says: "Dude!"
Fry says: "Over here!"
Leela and Bender walk over to where Fry is, next to a shelf with lots of Leela stuff on it.
Leela says: "It's all the best stuff I ever flushed down the toilet!"
Leela says: "Those are some of my diary pages."
Leela says: "And my screenplay!"
Fry says: "And also, for some reason, the letter I wrote you full of my personal feelings."
Leela says: "My whole life has just been a show for some perverted mutant!"
The mutants approach the building.
Vyolet says: "They must be in here."
Raoul says: "Yeah, after them."
Bender says: "And then Bender ran!"
He and Fry run for the door. Leela is still standing by the shelf.
Fry says: "Leela, freak out later."
Fry says: "We're not done escaping yet!"
She doesn't move. Fry and Bender try to pull her away but she stays rooted to the ground. The mutants run in and grab them.
Dwayne says: "Got you!"
Leg Mutant says: "Take this!"
He kicks Fry in the shin.
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Mutant Village."
Raoul says: "This time I'm calling for the death penalty."
Raoul says: "And not just because I'm running for re-election as Supreme Mutant."
Mutants says: "Four more years!"
Mutants says: "Four more years!"
The hooded figures emerge from the crowd again. One taps Raoul on the shoulder and whispers to him.
Raoul says: "Oh, very well."
Raoul says: "Your attention."
Raoul says: "Instead of being tortured to death, the prisoners shall hereby be expelled from the sewers and never allowed to return."
Bender says: "Oh, cruel fate!"
Bender says: "Can we really never return to this dank pit of sewage?"
Leela says: "Wait a minute."
Leela says: "Why aren't you gonna kill us anymore?"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "What are you chicken?"
He clucks.
Fry says: "Shut up, you two!"
Fry says: "We can kill ourselves when we get home!"
Raoul says: "They'll need transportation to the surface."
Raoul says: "Bring in the airship."
Some mutants haul in a large patchwork balloon.
Bender says: "Ew!"
Raoul says: "We constructed it from the remnants of old discarded Macy's parade balloons."
Raoul says: "Underdog's groin, Bart Simpson's left ear and right shin, Garfield's owner Jon's forehead."
Mutant #1 says: "Fire up the sewer gas!"
A three-eyed mutant turns the balloon gas on. Fry, Leela and Bender gag. The balloon sails up and hits the roof of the sewer. The three-eyed mutant puts a plank out to a ladder.
Mutant #2 says: "Move it, you ugly normals!"
He forces Bender onto the plank and it wobbles. Bender looks down.
Bender says: "Uh, I'm gettin' dizzy!"
Bender says: "I can't walk straight!"
He pulls a unicycle out of his chest cabinet and cycles along the plank. Fry and Leela climb on and quickly move across. Leela stops at the bottom of the ladder. The airship sails back down. Bender opens the manhole and he and Fry climb out. Leela, still on the ladder, looks back down.
Fry says: "Come on, Leela."
Fry says: "You can do it!"
Bender says: "Hurry!"
Bender says: "We're missing our bus!"
Leela climbs the ladder but looks back down again at the hooded figures. She closes the manhole.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "What are you doing?"
Bender says: "I'm gettin' on the bus!"
Leela says: "The lake didn't mutate me."
Leela says: "What is going on here?"
Octopus says: "It worked for me."
Octopus says: "I used to be a little blonde girl named Virginia."
Leela says: "Eurgh!"
Leela says: "Who the hell are you?"
Hooded Figure #1 says: "No one."
Hooded Figure #1 says: "And watch your language, young lady!"
They run away and she chases them. The three-eyed mutant gets in her way.
Mutant #2 says: "Stop right there!"
Mutant #2 says: "I don't want to hurt you."
Mutant #2 says: "I didn't want you to hurt me either!"
[Scene says: "Cookieville Orphanarium: Vogel's Office."
Fry says: "Leela's going nuts and I can't save her unless I learn more about her mysterious past."
Fry says: "Isn't there anything else you can tell me?"
Vogel says: "Nah."
Vogel says: "Nothing that wouldn't be a waste of your time."
Fry says: "That's impossible because my time is worthless!"
Vogel says: "Huh."
Vogel says: "Well then there is one thing."
Vogel says: "It's the note I found with Leela the day she was abandoned."
Vogel says: "But it's written in Alienese, so no one on Earth can translate it."
Vogel says: "Not even Brainzilla."
Fry says: "Hand it over."
Vogel says: "Sure."
Vogel says: "I just wish I could be more helpful."
Vogel says: "Would you like some dirt on any other orphans?"
Fry says: "Look, I'm trying to save someone here."
Fry says: "I'll have to come back for those later."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Fry shows Farnsworth the paper."
Fry says: "Can you translate it?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course."
Farnsworth says: "But only into Beta Crypt 3, a language so complex there's even less chance of understanding it."
Fry says: "I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse."
Fry says: "I asked you to get busy."
Farnsworth says: "Very well."
He presses a button and the machine that makes glow-in-the-dark noses comes out of the wall. Farnsworth feeds the paper in.
Fry says: "Isn't that the same machine that makes noses?"
Farnsworth says: "It can do other things."
Farnsworth says: "Why shouldn't it?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course, even if it is possible to analyse the message, there's no way of knowing how long it would take."
Farnsworth says: "It could take an hour or it could take a hundred million years."
The machines dings.
Fry says: "Is it done?"
Farnsworth says: "Certainly not."
Farnsworth says: "Two dings means it's done."
Farnsworth says: "But not like that."
Farnsworth says: "Slightly more rapid."
Two slightly more rapid dings. Fry gasps. Farnsworth shakes his head.
[Scene says: "New New York City Sewers."
[Scene says: "Leela chases the hooded figures through the tunnels but loses them where some pipes intersect."
Leela says: "Where did they go?"
Some rubbish falls on her from above. She looks up through a grate and sees Bender.
Bender says: "Good news, Leela."
Bender says: "I landed the contract to empty all the spittoons in Little Italy."
He empties a spittoon. Leela rolls out of the way of the spit.
Leela says: "Ew!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Fry paces while Farnsworth sleeps."
[Scene says: "The machine rapidly dings twice."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth wakes up."
Farnsworth says: "That's it!"
Farnsworth says: "It's done!"
Farnsworth says: "I can't believe it!"
Farnsworth says: "My mind is boggling."
Farnsworth says: "The analysis of the note is printing out now."
A dot matrix printer prints off the analysis. Fry tears it off and they both read it. Fry gasps.
[Flashback says: "20-Something Years Ago."
[Flashback says: "100-Something Feet Underground."
[Flashback says: "A baby is born in the house Fry, Leela and Bender hid in in the sewers."
Doctor says: "It's a girl."
Two Cyclopses look at their baby Cyclops. The mother has tentacles and the other's mouth is sideways.
Mother says: "My God!"
Mother says: "She's beautiful."
Mother says: "No extra anythings."
The father reaches his hand out. The baby grabs his finger and coos.
Father says: "Good people skills!"
Mother says: "She's completely perfect!"
Doctor says: "In my professional opinion as an ear, ear, ear, nose and throat doctor, she is the least-mutated mutant ever born."
Father says: "And yet she's cursed to live the horrible degrading life of a mutant."
Father says: "Like all of us."
Father says: "Especially him!"
He points at the Leg Mutant.
Leg Mutant says: "It's true!"
Mother says: "Maybe we can do better for her."
[Scene says: "Outside Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium."
[Scene says: "The mutants come out of a manhole near the building with their baby."
[Scene says: "They put it in a basket outside the front door."
[Scene says: "The father puts a bracelet on the baby's wrist."
Father says: "I made this bracelet so that in some small way we'll always be with you, even when it doesn't seem like it."
Father says: "During your entire life, for example."
He kisses her.
Mother says: "You won't pass for human, cutie."
Mother says: "But if my PhD in exo-linguistics is worth diddly-poop, this note should convince them you're an alien."
Mother says: "And that'll be enough to give you a real life."
She kisses the baby, puts her hood up and runs down the steps. The father rings the doorbell and follows her. Warden Vogel opens the door and sees the baby. The parents watch from the manhole.
Father says: "She'll never know we're her parents."
Mother says: "That's our gift to her."
Mother says: "Better we should die than have her learn the shameful truth of her origin."
Father says: "I'm with you."
They hug. Then turn and watch Vogel.
Vogel says: "What a beautiful gigantic eye you ha--  Well, come on in."
The parents watch Leela disappear inside, hold their breath and dive into the sewers.
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "New New York City Sewers."
[Scene says: "Leela is still chasing the hooded figures."
[Scene says: "They run into the house and lock the door."
[Scene says: "Leela climbs a pole and jumps onto the roof."
[Cut to says: "Building."
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Keep quiet so she doesn't hear us."
Hooded Figure #2 says: "What's there to talk about?"
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Sh!"
Leela stands behind them.
Leela says: "Hands up!"
Leela says: "Tentacles too!"
The other one puts it's tentacles up.
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Don't say anything stupid, Morris."
Leela says: "What is all this?"
Leela says: "Am I a game to you?"
Leela says: "Or some kind of even more boring Truman Show?"
Leela says: "Do you believe I'm you Messiah?"
Leela says: "Your Mutant Dalai Lama?"
Leela says: "Stop me if I guess it!"
Hooded Figure #1 stops him.
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Morris!"
Hooded Figure #1 says: "Sh!"
Leela says: "How did you get this bracelet?"
Leela says: "Did you steal it from me when I was a baby?"
Leela says: "Or from my parents?"
Leela says: "You robbed my parents, didn't you?"
Leela says: "I bet you sick mutants killed them."
Leela says: "My parents were confused aliens lost on Earth and you killed them!"
Leela says: "Is that it?"
Leela says: "Admit it!"
Hooded Figure #2 says: "Yes."
Hooded Figure #2 says: "We killed them."
Hooded Figure #1 says: "You guessed the truth."
Leela screams.
Leela says: "Because of you I'll never know my parents."
Leela says: "I'll kill you!"
She raises her gun.
Hooded Figure #1 says: "That would be best."
Leela charges her laser. It bleeps. The hooded figures hold each other.
Fry says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "Thanks, Bender!"
Fry says: "Don't do it, Leela!"
Leela says: "They killed my parents!"
Fry says: "Close."
He walks behind the hooded figures and pulls off their hoods. They are the mutants from the flashback. Leela lowers her gun.
Leela says: "They are my parents."
Munda says: "Yes."
Fry says: "I had the Professor analyse the Alienese letter that was found with you."
Leela says: "What does it say?"
Fry says: "I 'unno."
Fry says: "But the analysis showed it was printed on recycled toilet paper."
Fry says: "A squeezably soft paper used mainly in the sewers."
Leela's mother takes the paper.
Munda says: "It says, "Your parents love you very much"."
Morris says: "We still do."
Leela says: "So, I'm not an alien?"
Leela says: "I'm a mutant."
Morris says: "We never wanted you to know."
Morris says: "You deserved a better life."
Munda says: "You must despise us."
Leela says: "This is the happiest moment of my life."
They cry. It rains.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "The "rain" is Bender emptying a spittoon on them."
Bender says: "Aw!"
Montage. Over the montage, Pizzicato Five's Baby Love Child plays. Baby Leela crawls down a corridor at the orphanarium and nearly falls down the stairs. Morris's arm comes out of the wall and turns her around. Young Leela sits at a desk in her room studying. Munda's tentacle comes through the toilet and puts a box of cookies on her desk. Leela smiles and eats them. Teenage Leela walks around the city wearing a party hat and smiling awkwardly. Munda puts a present on the pavement. Leela reads the "Happy Birthday Leela" message. Present-day Leela tosses and turns in bed. Morris puts his arm through a grate and pulls the sheet over her. She smiles and goes to sleep.
Closing Credits.