[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Soon To Be A Major Religion."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Leela dials the videophone and it connects."
[Scene says: "The SewerCom logo appears on the screen."
SewerCom Operator says: "by SewerCom."
SewerCom Operator says: "Reach out and touch the sewers."
Leela's parents appear on the screen.
Munda says: "Look, Morris, it's Leela calling."
Leela says: "Hi, Mom."
Leela says: "Hi, Dad."
Leela says: "Ready for your big trip to the surface?"
Morris says: "We're excited, honey, but we don't wanna embarrass you."
Morris says: "I mean, your mother and I are basically monsters."
Leela says: "Dad, relax."
Leela says: "You are being so mutant!"
Munda says: "And it was on sale!"
Leela says: "No one's wearing anything adorable over their head."
Leela says: "Now listen, I could never, ever be ashamed of my parents."
Leela says: "I'll see you this weekend."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Amy relax on the sofa while Zoidberg, Bender and Fry have a game of poker at the table."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg has bet a fish."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Leela says: "Hey, guess who I just got off the videophone with?"
Bender says: "No."
Leela says: "My parents!"
Leela says: "They're coming up from the sewers for a visit Sunday."
Everyone gasps in horror.
Amy says: "Are you off your rocket?"
Amy says: "Your parents are mutants."
Amy says: "It's illegal for them to come above ground 'cause they're inferior genetic scum."
Amy says: "Uh, present company excluded, of course."
Leela says: "I'm getting them a special one-day surface permit from Citihall."
Hermes says: "Ooh."
Hermes says: "While you're there, could you pick me up a licence to kill?"
Leela says: "Sure."
Leela says: "Bare hands or weapon?"
Hermes says: "Uh, what does piano wire count as?"
Enter Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, anyone."
Farnsworth says: "The Swedish robot from Pi-kea is here with the super collider I ordered."
πkea Robot says: "Enjoy your affordable Swedish crap."
As it rolls out, one of it's wheels falls off and it's shelf breaks. Fry, Leela and Bender open the box. Fry picks up the instructions.
Fry says: "Let's see what tools we'll need."
Fry says: "Uh-huh."
Fry says: "Alright, we're all set."
Bender takes a board out of the box and puts it down.
Bender says: "Nothing like the rustic wholesomeness of working with one's own hand."
His hand spins like a circular saw and he cuts the board in half.
Time Lapse. Fry and Leela tighten the last nut with Bender.
Bender says: "Ah, there."
Bender says: "Finished."
Bender says: "And with only six missing pieces!"
Fry says: "Those Swedes sure know how to put in almost everything you need."
Leela rubs her arm.
Leela says: "Man, I'm sore all over."
Leela says: "I feel like I just went ten rounds with Mighty Thor."
Fry rubs his shoulder.
Fry says: "I feel like I was mauled by Jesus."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg rummages through a cupboard and produces a tube of ointment."
Zoidberg says: "I've got just the thing: Genuine miracle cream I bought from a travelling salesman."
Zoidberg says: ""Come one, come all," he said."
Zoidberg says: ""Step right up!"
Zoidberg says: "" "This sounds too good to be true," I thought."
Zoidberg says: "He said I looked like a smart, young man."
Zoidberg says: ""So is it a deal?"
Zoidberg says: "" I enquired."
Zoidberg says: "Two hours later he was gone, with 60 of my dollars."
The wall explodes and a charred Farnsworth tumbles through it and lands in a crumpled heap on the other side of the room.
Farnsworth says: "Bad news, nobody."
Farnsworth says: "The super collider super-exploded."
Farnsworth says: "I need you to take it back and exchange it for a wobbly CD rack and some of those rancid meatballs."
He climbs back through the hole.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Leela and Fry tow the Pi-kea box on a trolley."
[Scene says: "A man steps out in front of them with his hat covering his hand."
Man #1 says: "Excuse me."
Man #1 says: "hi!"
Man #1 says: "Do you have a minute?"
Man #1 says: "I live in Jersey City and my car broke down and I need to get back because my Aunt's real sick and she needs this medicine but I need money for the bus."
Man #1 says: "So I'm mugging you."
Man #1 says: "Hand over your wallets."
Leela says: "I don't believe that story for a second."
Man #1 says: "It doesn't matter, I'm mugging you."
Fry says: "There's no bus to Jersey City."
Man #1 says: "Give me your wallets now or my robot'll shoot."
He takes his hat off his hand, revealing a small robot holding a gun.
Andrew says: "Don't make me hurt you."
Fry and Leela scream. Fry fumbles for his wallet.
Fry says: "I'm too scared to find my pocket."
Fry says: "Here, I'll just take of my pants and give you those."
He starts to unzip them. The mugger cringes and puts his hand to his face.
Man #1 says: "Hey!"
Man #1 says: "I don't like what I'm seeing."
Man #1 says: "Give it to him, Andrew!"
Man #1 says: "What the-- Laser-proof shirts, huh?"
Man #1 says: "I'll show you."
He picks up a pipe and hits Leela with it. It harmlessly bends as it hits her.
Leela says: "Huh?"
Leela says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "Quit it!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
She grabs the mugger between her legs, spins him around and throws him against a wall.
Man #1 says: "Foiled."
Man #1 says: "And after years of planning."
Andrew says: "You're outta the game!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on the steps while Leela paces around."
Leela says: "How did we manage to survive?"
Leela says: "What gave us those strange powers?"
Fry says: "Maybe we're all wearing magic rings but they're invisible rings so we don't even realise it."
Fry says: "Also, you can't feel the rings."
Leela picks up Zoidberg's miracle cream and rubs some on her neck. She reads something on the tube and gasps.
Leela says: "Fry, shut up and look at this!"
Leela says: "May cause superpowers in humans."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "A superpowers drug you can just rub into your skin?"
Fry says: "You'd think it'd be something you have to freebase."
Leela says: "Let's see."
Leela says: "Which powers do we have?"
Leela says: "Super-strength?"
Fry karate-chops a table in half and Leela kicks a hole in the wall.
Fry says: "Yup."
Leela says: "Uh-huh."
Leela says: "Lickety speed?"
The both quickly run to the other end of the hangar.
Fry says: "Check."
Leela says: "Yes, sir!"
Leela says: "Ability to command the loyalty of sea creatures?"
Fry says: "Hey, Zoidberg, get in here!"
Zoidberg says: "Screw you!"
Leela says: "Ain't got that."
Fry says: "Nope!"
Leela says: "Wow."
Leela says: "Superpowers!"
Leela says: "I'll be able to pack my day with twice as many humdrum activities."
Fry says: "Leela, I think you're missing the big picture."
Fry says: "When you were a kid, what was your biggest fantasy?"
Leela says: "To have parents."
Fry says: "Whatever."
Fry says: "The correct answer is: To be a superhero."
Fry says: "We have superpowers and we're Americans."
Fry says: "This is our chance."
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "I have been looking for a way to serve the community that incorporates my violence."
Leela says: "Let's do it!"
Fry says: "You'll barely regret this!"
Enter Bender.
Bender says: "Hey, a friend of mine said he mugged you today and you had superpowers."
Leela says: "It's true."
Leela says: "Thanks to this funky-fresh cream."
Fry says: "Now me and Leela are forming an awesome crime-fighting duo."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Crime-fighting."
Bender says: "Cool."
Bender says: "You say you're a duo?"
Bender says: "Yeah, duos are good."
Bender says: "Of course sometimes they're a little short-handed."
Bender says: "I have these three costumes you could use."
Bender says: "But I guess I'll just throw one away."
Leela says: "We'd love to have you on the team, Bender."
Leela says: "But aren't you more on the supply side of crime?"
Fry says: "Plus the cream won't give you superpowers."
Fry says: "You're a robot."
Bender says: "So?"
Bender says: "I'm already super-strong."
Bender says: "And my arms do this."
Bender says: "Also I got this going."
His cabinet door opens and closes by itself. Fry and Leela shrug at each other.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Roof."
[Scene says: "The trio, in their superhero garb, stand on the roof looking across the city."
Leela says: "Listen up, New New York: There's a new group of superheroes in town!"
Hattie says: "Quiet!"
Hattie says: "It's 4am and I just fell asleep for the first time in 30 years!"
Leela says: "A new era of justice has begun."
Hattie says: "What?"
[Scene says: "In a similar style to old superhero TV series, we see crime happening across the city."
Narrator says: "Attention, all crooks, lowlifes and lawbreakers."
Narrator says: "Do yourselves a favour and crawl back into your filthy tenements, you human cockroaches."
Narrator says: "Or get your ugly face punched to custard by..."
Narrator says: "The New Justice Team."
The scene changes to a backdrop with The New Justice Team's logo on it. Fry bursts through it.
Fry says: "Captain Yesterday!"
Leela bursts through.
Leela says: "Clobberella!"
Bender bursts through and pushes Leela aside.
Bender says: "And Superking!"
Bender says: "The best one of the three!"
Fry says: "Wow!"
[Montage says: "The New Justice Team's theme tune starts playing and the scene cuts to a park where Petunia sits on a bench, feeding some rats."
[Montage says: "A thief snatches her bag."
Captain Yesterday swoops in front of the thief.
Go, team,.
Team, team, team,.
The thief dodges him and heads for a travel tube.
Song says: "Who's the newest Justice Team?"
The New Justice Team!
Captain Yesterday runs along the top of the tube. The thief looks up and sees him and Captain Yesterday follows him underwater.
Also he is from the past,.
Not just fast but from the past,.
He runs ahead to the end of the tube.
Song says: "Captain Yesterday!"
Captain Yesterday turns the tube towards a police station and the thief flies out and into it. Superking takes Petunia's bag.
Plus all the powers of Superman,.
Also he's a robot,.
Ain't it cool?
Superking, you rule!
Clobberella looks down from a rooftop and sees an alien's cat is stuck up a tree.
Clobberella beats you up,.
Who does she beat up?
You!
Clobberella brings the cat safely down from the tree and hands it to the alien. The alien eats it.
Song says: "Clobberella!"
The New Justice Team jumps from rooftop to rooftop.
Crazy do-good freaks are here,.
Until they run out of steam...
Fry and Leela fall from a rooftop into a bin.
Miracle cream,.
Gives the power to the team,.
Clobberella takes the miracle cream out of her boot and she and Captain Yesterday rub it on themselves and spring back into action.
So they just slop on some more,.
The New Justice Team!
Superking lands in front of them.
Bender says: "Ta-da!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "A crook is put into the back of a police van."
[Scene says: "Crowds cheer the New Justice Team."
Woman says: "Captain Yesterday, I find your skintight high-waters incredibly sexy."
Woman says: "Let's get together sometime."
Fry says: "Sure."
Leela pulls him away from the woman.
Leela says: "Are you crazy?"
Leela says: "We have to keep our secret identities secret."
Fry says: "From everybody?"
Leela says: "Especially from everybody."
Fry says: "Give several reasons why."
Leela says: "For one, superheroes cause a lot of collateral damage, and we don't wanna get our butts sued."
Fry says: "Or do we?"
Fry says: "No, I guess not."
Leela says: "Also, if our identities get out, every crook in the city will be after us."
Leela says: "Or, God forbid, our loved ones."
Bender says: "Superking has no need for loved ones."
Bender says: "How ya doin', kid?"
[Scene says: "Citihall: Mayor's Office."
[Scene says: "Mayor Poopenmeyer signs the surface permits for Leela."
Poopenmeyer says: "There you go."
Poopenmeyer says: "Two one-day mutant surface passes."
Leela says: "Thank you, Mayor Poopenmeyer."
Poopenmeyer's phone rings.
Poopenmeyer says: "Mayor here."
Poopenmeyer says: "What's that?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Horrible crime in the works?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Ruthless villain?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Citizens in danger?"
Poopenmeyer says: "That's fantastic news!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Because I get to summon the New Justice Team!"
He presses the nose on a clown picture. Bender's antenna wobbles. He clasps his hands around it.
Leela says: "Sh!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Uh, they're usually here by now."
Leela says: "Well, so long."
Leela says: "Keep in touch."
They start to leave.
Poopenmeyer says: "Wait, stay and meet the superheroes."
Poopenmeyer says: "There's three of you and three of them so it'll be perfect."
Poopenmeyer says: "Is this clown on?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Where are those daring crime stoppers?"
Leela says: "Oh, I completely forgot."
Leela says: "I left my apartment on fire!"
She leaves.
Bender says: "Uh, as for me, I'm late for my LSAT's."
He leaves.
Fry says: "And I can't take life anymore."
He runs and jumps through the window and breaks through another one as Captain Yesterday. Clobberella and Superking run in on the other side of the room.
Poopenmeyer says: "Clobberella!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Captain Yesterday!"
Poopenmeyer says: "My liege!"
Poopenmeyer says: "You're just in time."
Poopenmeyer says: "We've received a tip that the Museum of Natural History will be robbed tomorrow at exactly 9am."
Poopenmeyer says: "The target: The priceless Quantum Gemerald."
Fry says: "Who's the perp?"
The hologram changes.
Poopenmeyer says: "A dangerous villain known as The Zookeeper, who commits crimes aided by a pack of highly-trained animals."
Fry says: "Pack of highly."
Fry says: "Got it!"
Poopenmeyer says: "His crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose, an elephant who never forgets -- to kill!"
Poopenmeyer says: "And a seldom-used crab named Lucky, a."
Poopenmeyer says: "k."
Poopenmeyer says: "a."
Poopenmeyer says: "Citizen Snips."
Leela says: "You can count on us, Mr."
Leela says: "Mayor."
Leela says: "Justice away!"
She and Fry run out with Bender gasping and puffing behind them.
Bender says: "Hold the elevator!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Scene says: "Leela addresses an envelope to her parents and puts the surface passes in and flushes it down the toilet."
Bender says: "We're in here too."
Fry says: "Uh, Leela, how you gonna meet your folks tomorrow?"
Fry says: "We've already scheduled the Zookeeper for a 9am foiling at the museum."
Leela says: "Not a problem."
Leela says: "I've cleverly arranged to meet my parents right there at the same museum at 10."
Bender says: "9, 10 a big fat hen."
Bender says: "The name's Bender!"
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "The New Justice Team sit atop a giant ant which is suspended from the ceiling."
Leela says: "I can't believe the Zookeeper is this late for his own heist."
Leela says: "It's just rude!"
Leela says: "There they are!"
Morris and Munda look around, disappointed.
Munda says: "How could Leela not be here?"
Munda says: "Do you think she forgot?"
Morris says: "Relax."
Morris says: "I'm sure she's just ashamed of us."
Security Guard says: "Yo!"
Security Guard says: "Freakjobs!"
Security Guard says: "Hit the nearest manhole, pronto, like."
Morris says: "But we have passes that allow us to be up here."
Morris says: "From the mayor himself."
Munda hands the passes to the security guard.
Security Guard says: "I dunno."
Security Guard says: "I never heard of no mayor."
Enter the Zookeeper.
Randy says: "The Zookeeper!"
Zookeeper says: "Sorry I'm late."
Zookeeper says: "Long story."
Zookeeper says: "Now everybody hit the deck!"
Zookeeper says: "I'm cutting the entire line and stealing the exhibit."
The New Justice Team drop to the floor in front of him.
Leela says: "You're not stealing anything!"
Leela says: "Nobody hit the deck!"
Zookeeper says: "Ah, the superheroes."
Zookeeper says: "Or should I say superzeroes!"
Fry says: "That was uncalled for."
Zookeeper says: "Animals, attack."
He blows a silent whistle and animal exhibits come to life and break out of the glass cases. They run rampage.
Tour Guide says: "Please do not feed the animals!"
An elephant picks her up and eats her. In a scene lifted from Batman the New Justice Team spring into action. A yak charges towards Fry and he punches it. "YAK!!!" comes across the screen. Bender picks a fight with a boxing kangaroo.
Bender says: "You're going down, my friend!"
Bender says: "Down Under!"
He laughs. The kangaroo punches him. "01001010!!!" comes up. Teddy Roosevelt's head watches.
Roosevelt says: "Man boxing a kangaroo is a peculiar spectacle."
Roosevelt says: "But a kangaroo boxing a robot?"
Roosevelt says: "Now I'm afraid you've lost me."
Roosevelt says: "Citizen Snips!"
The Zookeeper lifts a grate and pushes a snake through the hole. The snake reaches into the Quantum Gemerald case and takes it.
Zookeeper says: "Nice job, Fingers!"
He kisses it.
Munda says: "I'm scared and confused."
Munda says: "I think we've wandered into an off-Broadway play."
Morris says: "No, there are way too many people here."
The Zookeeper runs up a flight of stairs.
Zookeeper says: "Later, if anyone asks when I got away, tell them right now!"
Clobberella and Captain Yesterday leap in front of him.
Leela says: "Forget it, Zookeeper!"
Leela says: "You're going into captivity."
Zookeeper says: "Fool!"
Zookeeper says: "A quip about putting me behind bars would have been far more delicious."
Zookeeper says: "Here, catch!"
He throws the Gemerald over the side of the stairs. Fry leaps for it and goes over the edge too.
Leela says: "No, Fry!"
Leela says: "You can't fall fast enough!"
She runs down the stairs while the Zookeeper runs off in another direction. Bender holds out his arms at the bottom of the staircase.
Bender says: "I got it, I got it!"
Bender says: "I don't got it!"
Leela dives in front of him and catches the Gemerald. Fry falls on top of Bender. Everyone cheers.
Roosevelt says: "You've saved the Gemerald!"
Fry says: "Yet the Zookeeper escaped, thus proving that the deadliest animal of all is the Zookeeper."
Bender says: "You can get off me anytime."
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "My parents are leaving."
Leela says: "I've gotta go change back into street-Leela."
She turns to leave but Mayor Poopenmeyer and several photographers block her path.
Photographer #1 says: "It's the New Justice Team!"
Photographer #2 says: "Can we get some photos?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Thank you, mysterious heroes."
Poopenmeyer says: "The value of the Gemerald you saved is slightly greater than the cost of the damage you caused to this museum."
Poopenmeyer says: "A net gain for our great city!"
The crowd cheers and Poopenmeyer kisses Bender's hand. People take photographs. Leela looks around sadly.
[Scene says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Morris sets some cones down by a manhole."
Munda says: "It's good that Leela doesn't love us."
Munda says: "She'll be less sad when we die."
Morris lifts the manhole cover and helps Munda into it. He climbs in after her, takes the cones and replaces the cover. Leela comes out of the museum just as they disappear.
Leela says: "Mom?"
Leela says: "Dad?"
Leela says: "I showed up!"
Leela says: "And I got the audio tour for Treasures of Liberace's Tomb."
She looks around and sighs. She sits down on the step and cries.
[Scene says: "The Turangas' Living Room."
[Scene says: "Leela is with her parents."
Morris says: "Sweetie, it's OK."
Morris says: "You don't have to apologise for standing us up on the only visit to the surface we'll ever have."
Leela says: "I wanna tell you why I didn't show up, but I can't."
Leela says: "Just please believe me that it was a very good reason."
Leela says: "I'm sorry I disappointed you."
Munda says: "Leela, you could never disappoint us."
Morris says: "We're so proud of everything that you are, and we always will be."
Morris says: "Because you're our baby girl."
They both smile.
Leela says: "Oh, I can't take it!"
Leela says: "Mom, Dad, I'm Clobberella!"
She rips her clothes off revealing her Clobberella outfit. Munda gasps.
Morris says: "Galloping gators!"
Munda says: "You're a superhero?"
Munda says: "Well that's wonderful!"
Munda says: "But did you have to make the costume so revealing?"
Morris puts his arm around Leela.
Morris says: "Look at me!"
Morris says: "Proud dad of a superhero!"
Morris says: "We should print up T-shirts."
Morris says: "And F-shirts for our friends with two arms on the same side."
Leela says: "No, listen."
Leela says: "It's very important that you never, ever tell anyone under any circumstance."
Morris says: "What if I've had a few?"
Leela says: "Dad, you drink?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "Not even then."
Morris says: "Alright."
Morris says: "My sucker is sealed."
Leela says: "In fact, I shouldn't even be wearing this around here."
Leela says: "It was brisk, I dressed in layers."
Munda says: "That's my girl!"
[Scene says: "Lake Mutagenic."
[Scene says: "Morris, Raoul and the Leg Mutant sit in a boat, fishing at the state recreation sewer."
Morris says: "So, uh, anyway, my daughter's Clobberella."
Raoul says: "Leela is Clobberella?"
Leg Mutant says: "You're pulling me!"
Morris says: "Sh."
Morris says: "keep it under your sock."
Morris says: "It's a big secret."
Morris says: "That's why I'm only telling you two."
On the shore, a big-eared mutant and a big-mouthed mutant watch.
Big-Eared Mutant says: "Oh, my God!"
Big-Eared Mutant says: "That guy's daughter is Clobberella."
Big-Eared Mutant says: "But don't tell anyone."
Big-Mouthed Mutant says: "Gotcha!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Fry, Leela and Bender sit around the table."
[Scene says: "The Zookeeper appears on the screen."
Zookeeper says: "Greetings, superheroes."
Zookeeper says: "Remember me?"
Fry, Leela and Bender gasp.
Farnsworth says: "I don't remember much, buddy."
Farnsworth says: "And you're no looker!"
Leela says: "Uh, Professor, isn't it time for your nap?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, damnit!"
He falls asleep and his chair flies out of the room.
Leela says: "Zookeeper!"
Leela says: "How did you know our real identities?"
Zookeeper says: "Let's just say a little bird told me."
He claps and a parrot lands on his shoulder.
Parrot says: "Leela told her parents."
Parrot says: "Leela's parents blabbed."
The Zookeeper gives it a cracker.
Fry says: "Leela, is the person that parrot is mimicking telling the truth by proxy?"
Leela says: "Yes."
Leela says: "My parents were so hurt, I couldn't help it!"
Leela says: "But I distinctly told them not to tell anyone."
Bender puts on his crown.
Bender says: "We are not amused."
Zookeeper says: "And here's something you may or may not find interesting."
He claps and a gorilla comes in pulling a cage that holds Leela's parents. Leela gasps.
Leela says: "Mom!"
Leela says: "Dad!"
Munda says: "Leela, please forgive us!"
Munda says: "Especially your father who's the one who told."
Munda says: "Thank you very much, Morris."
Leela says: "Are you alright?"
Leela says: "Has he hurt you?"
Morris says: "Oh, God!"
Munda says: "Every couch and table has animal fur all over it."
Munda says: "He lets them climb on everything!"
Leela says: "Alright, Zookeeper."
Leela says: "What do you want?"
Zookeeper says: "Why, the Quantum Gemerald of course!"
Zookeeper says: "You must steal it for me before midnight or your parents will be devoured by piranhas that I have, shall I say, persuaded to walk on dry land."
He laughs.
Munda says: "Save us, Leela!"
Munda says: "I mean, if you don't have anything better to do."
A piranha walks past the camera and bites it. The picture cuts out.
Leela says: "We're out of options."
Leela says: "We have to steal the Gemerald!"
Fry says: "But, should superheroes commit a crime, even to save lives?"
Fry says: "I need moral guidance."
Fry says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "The thought of stealing anything fills Superking with disgust."
Bender says: "But if it must be so, then let a museum heist be pulled!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Leela opens her locker."
[Scene says: "The miracle cream tube is empty."
[Scene says: "Fry picks it up."
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "Our superpower cream is out of itself!"
Leela says: "Check inside the cap."
Leela says: "There might be a caked-in goldmine."
Fry unscrews the cap and looks inside.
Fry says: "El zilcho!"
Fry says: "I'm afraid we're boned."
Bender says: "El zilcho?"
Bender says: "Is it too late to change my superhero name?"
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Enter the New Justice Team."
Leela says: "Just be cool."
Leela says: "Nobody knows we're super-powerly challenged."
Fry gasps.
Fry says: "Man, this costume is so damn heavy!"
7¹¹ Clerk says: "Hey, Captain Yesterday?"
7¹¹ Clerk says: "Can I, like, wail on you with this 2-by-4 and it doesn't hurt you?"
He whacks Fry.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "That..."
Fry says: "didn't hurt."
Security Guard says: "Hi, superheroes."
Security Guard says: "Everything OK?"
Leela says: "Big O, little k, my friend!"
Leela says: "Just checking if everything's alright."
Security Guard says: "It's OK, alright!"
Leela says: "OK, then."
Leela says: "Grab it!"
Bender's arm extends, breaks the display case and grabs the Gemerald. The crowd gasps.
Tate says: "Yo!"
Tate says: "The superheroes have turned evil!"
Tate says: "Most uncool."
Security Guard says: "Get 'em!"
Leela says: "Stay back!"
Leela says: "Or we'll, beat the tar out of you..."
Leela says: "using superpowers!"
Bender makes ghostie noises.
[Cut to says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Cut to says: "The superheroes run out and down the steps."
[Scene says: "Cave."
Fry says: "So this is your lair?"
Zookeeper says: "Of course not."
Zookeeper says: "You think I'd show you my lair?"
Zookeeper says: "My lair's a million times nicer than this!"
Fry says: "OK, take it easy!"
Bender says: "Well, here's your lousy Gemerald."
The Zookeeper claps.
Zookeeper says: "Hawk!"
Zookeeper says: "Fetch!"
The hawk flies off his shoulder and picks up the Gemerald.
Fry says: "That seemed unnecessary."
The gorilla pulls the cage in.
Zookeeper says: "Our transaction is complete."
Zookeeper says: "Come, Solomon."
Zookeeper says: "To the lair."
The gorilla picks him up and runs off down a dark passage.
Leela says: "Mom!"
Leela says: "Dad!"
Leela says: "Oh, I'm so sorry I got you kidnapped by a crazy madman who tried to feed you to piranhas."
Munda says: "We're just happy to be involved in your life."
Leela says: "No, no."
Leela says: "It's my fault for telling you I was a superhero."
Morris says: "That's true."
Leela says: "I just couldn't stand to have you to think I was ashamed of you."
Munda says: "That's sweet, honey."
Munda says: "But it's natural for children to be a little ashamed of their parents."
Fry says: "Oh, yeah!"
Morris says: "Just like it's natural for parents to be a little disappointed in their children-- N-Not that we are."
Munda says: "But you could call a little more often."
Leela says: "OK."
Munda says: "And would it kill you to use some mouthwash?"
Leela hugs them.
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, we've still got our costumes on."
Bender says: "Wanna steal some more stuff?"
Fry says: "I guess, as long as you think it's right."
Bender says: "Superheroes away!"
Closing Credits. Over the credits a montage of clips from the episode as well as a new version of The New Justice Team song play.
Fighting justice is their quest,.
Superking, Clobberella, and all the rest,.
Here's to you, New Justice Team,.
Do the things that make your team,.
Help each other do some things,.
Winners don't use drugs,.