[Opening Credits says: "Put on 3-D monocle now."
[Scene says: "Set of Who Dares to Be a Millionaire?"
[Scene says: "Morbo is seated in the center, surrounded by an audience."
Morbo says: "as I chitchat with out first contestant, Philip J."
Morbo says: "Fry."
[The audience applauds while Fry descends from the ceiling in a rocket powered chair. He waves. A sign reads says: ""Applaud or be destroyed"."
Bender says: "Give him hell, Morbo!"
Morbo says: "So Fry, what do you do for a living?"
Fry says: "Me?"
Fry says: "Um, can I phone a friend?"
Morbo says: "Are you ready to play?"
Fry says: "I didn't come to play."
Fry says: "I came to win."
Fry says: "Now let's play."
Morbo says: "For $1, what tool is used to hammer a nail?"
Morbo says: "Is it, A, a hammer?"
Morbo says: "B, A nail?"
Morbo says: "C..."
Fry says: "B, nail, final answer!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express, meeting room."
Hermes says: "Sweet dodo of Lesotho!"
Hermes says: "Don't you ever stop to think before you speak?"
Fry says: "I never stop to think about it."
Leela says: "Aw, leave Fry alone."
Leela says: "His intelligence is just a little differenty."
Hermes, Leela, Amy and Zoidberg all nod.
Bender says: "You big dummy!"
Fry says: "Hey, I'm begining to think you guys don't think I'm very smart."
Farnsworth says: "You can barely remember your own name, Einstein."
Fry says: "Einstein is a hard name to remember."
Fry says: "."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Amy says: "Smeesh, Professor."
Amy says: "Don't have a schmaneurysm."
Amy says: "Fry's your distant relative."
Farnsworth says: "Not distant enough!"
Farnsworth says: "I'll be a monkey's uncle if I'm this monkey's nephew!"
Fry says: "But you're my only family."
Fry says: "Who will hug me if I achieve something?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, perhaps I've been too harsh."
Farnsworth says: "Come, lad, take my hand and I'll explain why I find you so repugnant."
[Scene says: "Planet Express, the Professor's study."
Farnsworth says: "All my life I've been inspired by great minds."
Farnsworth says: "Euclid, Copernicus, Braino."
Farnsworth says: "And my personal role model, Leonardo da Vinci."
Fry says: "What turned them to stone?"
Farnsworth says: "Voilà!"
Farnsworth says: "He invented flying machines, war engines, submarines."
Fry says: "Uh-oh!"
Fry says: "Nibbler died in the wall."
Farnsworth says: "That's not Nibbler."
Farnsworth says: "That's my most precious possession."
Farnsworth says: "Leonardo's beard!"
Farnsworth says: "I paid a fortune for it at an auction of historic body parts."
Farnsworth says: "I suppose if I have an Achilles' heel, it's because I bought it at that same auction."
Fry says: "Indeed so."
Fry says: "Most indeededly."
Farnsworth says: "Careful with that, you fool!"
Fry says: "What is it, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
Farnsworth says: "It's da Vinci's fabled lost invention."
Farnsworth says: "Even the scholars who wrote of this device had no idea what it was for."
Farnsworth says: "And now, at least, neither do I!"
Fry says: "Maybe we can figure it out."
Farnsworth says: "We?"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
Fry says: "Well, I may not have brain smarts, but at least I have street smarts."
[Scene says: "Planet Express, Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry walks in, he is on crutches, has a broken leg and bandages wrapped around his head."
Fry says: "I was in the hospital two weeks."
Fry says: "No one visited me."
Farnsworth says: "Quiet, you!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm trying to deduce the function of da Vinci's lost invention."
Fry says: "Not even a card."
Farnsowrth says: "He might have hidden a clue in one of his other works."
Farnsowrth says: "Ergo, I sent Bender out for a copy of the Last Supper."
Bender says: "I'm back!"
Bender says: "Everyone at Kinko's was an idiot, so I just brought the original."
Zoidberg says: "Jesus Christ!"
Zoidberg says: "..."
Zoidberg says: "and his Twelve Apostles!"
Amy says: "That's odd."
Amy says: "This hand here doesn't belong to anybody."
Amy says: "And it's pointing a knife at James the Lesser!"
Bender says: "That's the great thing about that hand."
Hermes says: "And what about these funky table legs?"
Hermes says: "It's like their part of some other, funkier painting."
Zoidberg says: "Maybe da Vinci painted over something else."
Zoidberg says: "It's called a pentimento."
Farnsworth says: "That's true, Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg."
Farnsworth says: "How did you know that?"
Zoidberg says: "My doctorate is in Art History."
Farnsworth says: "Let's see what's under the Last Supper."
Hermes says: "Wait a second, I'm not big-boned, I'm just fat."
Amy says: "My God!"
Amy says: "I'm looking!"
The table legs are revealed to be part of a wooden robot.
Leela says: "My God!"
Leela says: "Saint James was a robot!"
Zoidberg says: "My God!"
Zoidberg says: "da Vinci left his legs unpainted as a clue."
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Farnsworth says: "This is the greatest mystery of all time."
Farnsworth says: "We must fly to Rome and exhume the body of Saint James."
Hermes says: "Didn't we used to be a delivery company?"
Farnsworth says: "To the ship!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship blasts off into space, only to turn and land in Italy."
[Scene says: "Rome."
[Scene says: "The ship flies past a sign that says "Future-Roma" and go to the Vatican."
[Scene says: "The Space Pope signals them down."
[Scene says: "The ship lands on the Vatican obelisk, which perforates the ship."
[Scene says: "Rome, catacombs."
Fry says: "Psst."
Fry says: "Leela, wanna join the Mile-Deep Club?"
Leela says: "Sure, why not?"
Farnswoth says: "No time!"
Farnswoth says: "I've found a clue that could unlock all the secrets of history."
Farnswoth says: "Look at these Roman numerals."
Fry says: "Roman numerals?"
Fry says: "I've got it!"
Fry says: "We're in Rome."
Bender says: "Brothers and sisters, let us pry."
Farnsworth says: "It's true, Saint James really was a robot."
Bender says: "I bet he's up in Robot Heaven right now."
Bender says: "So he won't miss his eyes."
A mouse squeaks and runs into the wheel on Saint James' chest and begins running. Saint James stands up.
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "Robot Saint James is a zombie."
Animatronio says: "Nay, I am not Saint James."
Bender says: "Enough of your lies, Saint James."
Bender says: "We saw you in the Last Supper."
Animatronio says: "The great man Leonardo built me as an artist's model."
Animatronio says: "When I took repose in this coffin, I carefully tossed the real Saint  James in yonder heap."
Animatronio says: "I'm sure you have many questions."
Animatronio says: "Come, there is a chamber where I used to speak with Pope John the Patient."
[Scene says: "Underground Chamber."
Animatronio says: "I am Animatronio, guardian of da Vinci's great secret."
Animatronio says: "He left my legs visible in the painting as a clue, then dispatched me hither to wait for his shadow society of intellectuals."
Fry says: "Hi, Animatronio."
Farnsworth says: "You personally knew da Vinci?"
Animatronio says: "Halt!"
Animatronio says: "You do not know the function of the Macchina Magnifica?"
Animatronio says: "Then thou art not members of the Shadow Society."
Bender says: "The what now?"
Animatronio says: "Not one more word shall I breathe."
Animatronio says: "Not even about the great fountain where thou mayest find the..."
Animatronio says: "Wait."
Animatronio says: "Thou didst not know about the fountain, didst thou?"
Animatronio says: "Curses, I must be punished."
Farnswoth says: "Quick, we must find out what he knows before he flays himself to death!"
Leela says: "Where is the great fountain?"
Fry says: "What makes it so great?"
Bender says: "Why does a robot need a codpiece?"
Animatronio says: "Fie, thou fen-suckled bum-bailey!"
Animatronio says: "Thou wilst never pry information from these mechanical lips!"
Leela says: "Just tell us, already!"
Animatronio says: "Okay, the fountain thou seekest is..."
Farnsworth says: "And so dies our hope of solving this mystery."
Farnsworth says: "Come on gang, let's go home."
Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's not give up so easily."
Farnsworth says: "Animatronio mentioned a fountain."
Farnsworth says: "That's a statue of Neptune, god of water."
Farnsworth says: "The number of points on him trident is three, or trey."
Farnsworth says: "The "u" in his name is written like "v"."
Farnsworth says: "Trey, "v"."
Farnsworth says: "Trevi!"
Farnsworth says: "It's the Trevi Fountain."
Farnsworth says: "There can be no question!"
Leela says: "But, Professor..."
Farnsworth says: "There can be no question!"
Fry says: "Wow, it hasn't changed in a thousand years."
Farnsworth says: "Okay, everyone, into the fountain."
Bender says: "What are you, senile?"
Bender says: "I'm not jumping in there."
Fry says: "Hey, look."
Fry says: "Coins."
Farnsworth says: "Quickly, into the sewer hole."
Leela says: "Why?"
[Scene says: "Sewer."
[Scene says: "The four of them are shooting through the pipes then land in a small room."
[Scene says: "The squid comes next and stops the water flow."
[Scene says: "The Pantheon."
Farnsworth says: "My god!"
Farnsworth says: "It's the Pantheon!"
Leela says: "This place is 3,000 years old."
Leela says: "What could possibly be left to discover?"
Farnsworth says: "Maybe something about ourselves, Leela."
Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Farnsworth says: "What's under that blanket?"
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Farnsworth says: "da Vinci's Vitruvian Man!"
Fry says: "It's truly a masterpiece."
Fry says: "Note how the perspective lines draw the eye right to his dong."
Bender says: "Anyone hear something?"
Farnsworth says: "It's a coin slot."
Farnsworth says: "Bender, insert that giant nickel."
Bender says: "Sure."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Farnswoth says: "Hush, Bender."
Farnswoth says: "I withdraw the question, Vitruvian Man."
Farnsworth says: "Da Vinci's lost workshop!"
Fry says: "At the risk of sounding stupid, do these things actually work?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course not, stupid!"
Farnsworth says: "I mean, that flying machine is as aerodynamic as a sofa."
Farnsworth says: "How could it possibly get off the ground?"
Animatronio says: "In a way that shalt never discover."
Animatronio says: "."
Fry says: "Hi, Animatronio."
Animatronio says: "I feign death and stalk thee, that I might preserve the greatest of Leonardo's secrets!"
Bender says: "All right, buddy, we want secrets!"
Bender says: "And they better be ancient!"
Animatronio says: "Porco metallico!"
Animatronio says: "Never shall I reveal how these wonderous machines fit together!"
Farnsworth says: "They fit together?"
Animatronio says: "I said no such thing."
Animatronio says: "And then I died!"
Fry says: "You're right, Professor."
Fry says: "This thing doesn't fly."
Farnsworth says: "Don't sit in there, you idiot!"
Farnsworth says: "That's dangerous!"
Animatronio says: "Basta!"
Animatronio says: "As I live, thou shan't discover the great secret!"
Fry says: "Bye, Animatronio!"
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "Pieces of the spacecraft fall off and the wings start beating."
Time Lapse. The spacecraft lands in a forest.
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Farnsworth says: "Why would Leonardo's machine's brought us here?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "Let's ask this guy."
Leonardo da Vinci says: "I am Leonardo."
Leonardo da Vinci says: "Welcome to Planet Vinci."
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Fry says: "That's what I was gonna say!"
[Scene says: "Vincian City."
[Scene says: "A woman flies by on a horse-operated flying machine."
Farnsworth says: "Leonardo!"
Farnsworth says: "You're alive?"
Farnsworth says: "Here?"
Leonardo says: "You have learned my great secret."
Leonardo says: "I was but a visitor to Earth."
Leonardo says: "In truth, I am what you call a space alien."
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "It's an honor to meet you, Leonardo."
Fry says: "And may I say you were great in Titanic."
Fry says: "The Beach?"
Fry says: "Neh."
Farnsworth says: "That's Leonardo DiCaprio, you blockhead!"
Fry says: "Looks like eating rocks wasn't as dumb as you said."
[Scene says: "Vincian Street."
Fry says: "So what do people do for fun here?"
Leonardo says: "Do you enjoy partying all night with plenty of ale and lusty women?"
Fry says: "I sure do!"
Leonardo says: "Not us."
Leonardo says: "We spend our leisure time in the mathematics museum."
Leonardo says: "Planet Vinci is basically a single colossal university."
Fry says: "How your football team?"
Leonardo says: "Learned."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm going to check out that math lecture."
Leonardo says: "Would you like to hear the lecture, too, Fry?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "It would just go in one ear and out some other hole."
They are now in a park.
Leonardo says: "Come, sit down."
Fry says: "Now that I can do."
Fry says: "I have a terrible secret to confess, Mr."
Fry says: "DiCaprio."
Fry says: "I'm not very smart."
Leonardo says: "I appreciate your candor."
Fry says: "I don't even know what language you're speaking."
Leonardo says: "I, too, have a confession."
Leonardo says: "You see, here on Planet Vinci, I am the stupidest person."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "Who possibly think you're stupid?"
Biff says: "Duh, I'm Leonardo."
Biff says: "I don't know the mass of the Higgs boson."
Woman says: "Duh, I have to draw in pencil, because I don't know how to use Rendering software."
The man raises his fist at Leonardo, who flinches away. Both the man and woman laugh before leaving.
Leonardo says: "Stupid Biff."
Leonardo says: "Thinks he's so smart."
Fry says: "He looks stronger than you, too."
Leonardo says: "I went to Earth because I could no longer stand the ridicule."
Leonardo says: "But being surrounded by even stupider people was equally infuriating."
Fry says: "I can see myself in your shiny button."
Leonardo says: "Inventing is what makes me happy."
Leonardo says: "Or did, until I misplaced the plans for my masterpiece."
Fry says: "You mean these?"
Leonardo says: "The Macchina Magnifica?"
Leonardo says: "Infinity joy!"
Leonardo says: "Fry, my friend, you have given my life a meaning again!"
Farnsworth says: "That calculus lecture was harder than I expected."
Farnsworth says: "We had to answer every question in the form of an opera."
Farnsworth says: "I have a lot of homework for tomorrow, if I don't want to be  Embarrassed!"
Montage. Fry and Leonardo are looking at the plans. They keep rolling up so Fry tapes them down. The entire work table rolls up in response. The Professor is overwhelmed and twists his head around. Fry begins turning a crank and the gears start working. da Vinci and Fry high-five. The calculus class is working on Conic Sections. The Professor submits a wrong answer and the cone flies onto his head and sits there like a Dunce cap. The students laugh and the Professor runs away.
[Scene says: "Planet Vinci."
[Scene says: "Concert Hall."
[Scene says: "Fry nails a banner to wall with another nail."
[Scene says: "It reads "Today: Leonardo unveils his greatest invention."
[Scene says: "Plus Fry's armpit concerto."
Time Lapse.
Leonardo says: "For centuries, you've all ridiculed me."
Leonardo says: "Especially you, Biff."
Biff says: "Nice hat!"
Leonardo says: "But, at long last, this invention will show you."
Leonardo says: "It will show you all."
Leonardo says: "Behold, my unstoppable doomsday machine!"
Fry says: "And I helped!"
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "You told me it was an unstoppable ice cream machine."
Leonardo says: "Ice cream is just a by-product of the machine."
Leonardo says: "It's primary purpose is to exterminate everyone who ever made me feel inferior!"
Biff says: "Oh, I'm so scared!"
Girl says: "Bring it on, dum-dum."
Leonardo says: "Oh yeah?"
Leonardo says: "Let's see how hard you are laughing when my doomsday machine chops off your face!"
Farnsworth says: "Leonardo, stop!"
Farnsworth says: "I want in on this!"
Fry says: "Are you crazy, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "I hate these nerds."
Farnsworth says: "Just because I'm stupider than them, they think they're smarter than me."
Farnsworth says: "Kill them all, starting with the math teacher!"
Leonardo starts the machine and the audience flees.
Farnsworth says: "I knew this final invention would be a humdinger!"
Leonardo says: "Yes, we three idiots will finally have our revenge."
Fry says: "I don't think so!"
Fry says: "You two make me ashamed to call myself an idiot."
Fry says: "There's always going to someone smarter than you, so the only way to be happy is to make the most of what you've got."
Leonardo says: "But you've got nothing."
Fry says: "Oh no?"
Fry says: "I've got one single nail and another nail to nail it in with."
Fry says: "And I'm gonna stop this infernal ice cream machine once and for all!"
Biff says: "Some doomsday machine!"
Biff says: "It barely killed anyone!"
Leonardo says: "Oh, yeah?"
Leonardo says: "Well, take this!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my."
Girl says: "Poor Leonardo da Vinci."
Girl says: "He sure was stupid."
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Professor and Fry are heading back home in da Vinci's spacecraft."
[Scene says: "Fry has broken limbs, a neck brace and bandages around his head."
Farnsworth says: "Fry, I admire what you did today, and I'm deeply sorry for insulting your intellect."
Farnsworth says: "Your tiny, tiny intellect."
Farnsworth says: "Oops, there I go again, you dope."
Farnsworth says: "I mean, dummy."
Fry says: "It's okay."
Fry says: "I may not be clever, but I have a good heart."
Fry says: "That's what my mom used to say."
Farnsworth says: "She was a wise woman."
Fry says: "Also, that I'm not much to look at."
Farnsworth says: "A wise woman, indeed."
Closing Credits.