[Opening Credits. Caption says: "When You See The Robot, Drink!"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela sit at their stations."
[Scene says: "Bender stands at the back of the room by a port that looks like the HAL 9000 ports from 2001: A Space Odyssey."
[Scene says: "The ship speaks with a male voice."
Bender says: "You are one narrow minded spaceship, Planet Express Ship."
Ship says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Ship says: "Why should my tax money pay for art I find offensive?"
Bender flips through a book called "Art & You" and holds up a page with a picture of a Horrible Gelatinous Blob.
Bender says: "Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers?"
Ship says: "Oh, it's filthy!"
Ship says: "Why not create a national endowment for strip clubs while we're at it?"
Bender says: "Why not, indeed?"
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "Ship!"
Leela says: "Stop bickering or I'm gonna come back there and change your opinions manually."
Bender says: "Fine!"
Bender says: "I'll be in my quarters appreciating controversial artworks."
He walks out. The door closes on him and cuts his head off. It lands on the floor and rolls a little.
Ship says: "Oops!"
Ship says: "Sorry!"
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
[Scene says: "Bender screws his head back on."
Bender says: "Ah, that Ship is so white bread!"
Hermes and Farnsworth carry several red boxes into the room.
Hermes says: "People, it's Valentine's Day next week, so your beloved company has gotten you all new uniforms."
The staff each open their box and take out blue overalls.
Amy says: "Clool!"
Zoidberg says: "Clothing, delicious clothing!"
He rubs his face against it.
Farnsworth says: "We'll need to look our best if we're to get the account of our new potential customer, Romanticorp."
Amy says: "Romanticorp?"
Amy says: "Are they a corporation that makes romantic stuff?"
Hermes says: "Very good, Amy!"
Farnsworth says: "Everyone suit up."
Farnsworth says: "We're off to the most romantic city on Earth!"
[Scene says: "Milwaukee."
[Scene says: "The ship flies over the city and lands in the Romanticorp factory."
[Scene says: "The doors have lips painted on them and make a kissing sound when they close."
[Cut to says: "Romanticorp Entrance."
Farnsworth says: "Remember, we've got to show these people we're not bitter husks of human beings who long ago abandoned hope of finding love in this lifetime."
Farnsworth says: "Leela, you'll have to do some acting."
Leela says: "Check!"
A man and a woman walk in through a doorway.
Sheldon says: "Welcome."
Sheldon says: "Oh, I'm just so excited!"
Sheldon says: "I'm Sheldon, and this is my chief financial officer, Gwen."
Gwen says: "For 30 years we've shared the adventure of managing Romanticorp."
Sheldon says: "Not to mention the adventure of marriage."
They both laugh and kiss again.
Leela says: "Oh, you have got to be kidding!"
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "I mean, "Aww dat's show shweet!"
Farnsworth nods, satisfied.
[Scene says: "Romanticorp Production Line."
[Scene says: "The crew and Sheldon and Gwen move along a moving walkway."
[Scene says: "Below, rubbish such as fish-bones, paper and banana skins pour into a machine."
[Scene says: "Heart-shaped boxes move out of it on a conveyor belt."
Farnsworth says: "You know, romance is an important part of our work too."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, right, everyone?"
Leela says: "Yeah, sure."
Bender says: "Oh, sure."
Sheldon says: "Do any of you collect Lovey Bears?"
Amy says: "I do!"
Amy says: "Kif's given me dozens."
Amy says: "Is it true what the ad says?"
Amy says: "That you kiss them together out of blanket cloth and magic buttons?"
Gwen says: "No."
Sheldon says: "It's actually cheaper to genetically engineer real ones."
Sheldon says: "They frolic in the Lovey Forest until their first birthday."
Sheldon says: "Then we choose the cuddly-uddliest ones and stuff them full of fire-retardant love fluff!"
The staff stare blankly. In the Lovey Forest, bears are picked up and put onto a conveyor belt where they are delivered to the "Bear 'Hospital'".
Amy says: "So cute!"
[Scene says: "Romanticorp: Romance Acceleration Lab."
Gwen says: "Knowing which pickup lines fizzle and which ones sizzle keeps us on the cutting edge of flirtation technology."
Two robot frames stand in front of a woman.
Frame #1 says: "Is heaven missing an angel?"
Frame #1 says: "'Cause you've got nice cans!"
The woman is not impressed.
Frame #2 says: "My two favourite things are commitment and changing myself."
The woman is love struck and hugs the frame.
Leela says: "Does that dummy have a brother?"
[Scene says: "Romanticorp: Candy Hearts Production."
Sheldon says: "And now, friends and lovers, we come to the heart of our operation."
Sheldon says: "Pun definitely intended!"
He and Gwen laugh and Leela sighs. Farnsworth threatens her with the cattle prod. Hermes picks up a "Cutie Pie" candy heart.
Hermes says: "Impressive!"
Gwen says: "My family has been making these hearts since the 1900s."
Gwen says: "Tastes may have changed but our secret recipe sure hasn't."
She points to a machine that mixes Bone Meal and Earwig Honey. Fry picks up a candy heart.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Letters like "U" and "R" can mean words like "You" and "Are"."
Fry says: "Here, Leela, "U-R-2 Cute"."
Leela says: "Perhaps."
Leela says: "What's your point?"
Fry says: "I've never been able to put into words how I feel about you."
Fry says: "But somewhere among these trillions of hearts, those words must already exist."
Fry says: "And I'm gonna find them."
He dives into a barrel and rummages around. A Lovey Bear runs around being chased by a hunter. The hunter shoots and misses. Farnsworth shocks the Lovey Bear with the cattle prod and it falls over. He turns to Sheldon and Gwen.
Farnsworth says: "So, do we have the contract?"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship is back in the Planet Express hangar and the crew have changed back into their normal clothes."
Farnsworth says: "With that big new Romanticorp contract, I've been able to make those government-mandated upgrades you've all been suing me about."
The crew look around the cockpit. Leela points to a glass case with a green cloud in it.
Leela says: "Ooh, look!"
Leela says: "You taped up the cracks in the dark matter reactor."
Fry says: "And you got a cage for the lion!"
The cage is in the ceiling. The lion growls and reaches through the bars, taking a swipe at Fry. Bender turns the radio on and Spin Doctors' Two Princes plays.
Bender says: "Hey, who's been messing with the radio?"
Bender says: "This isn't alternative rock, it's college rock!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, it must have been the ship's new improved personality software I installed."
Ship says: "Yeah, it was me."
Ship says: "It's a cute song."
Bender says: "Listen, Ship!"
Bender says: "No one changes my stations!"
Bender says: "I hope you have a good mechanic!"
He rolls his sleeves up.
Farnsworth says: "It even comes with an adjustable voice."
He turn a knob on the radio.
Ship says: "Remember, Bender?"
Ship says: "That was the deal."
She giggles.
Bender says: "What?"
He giggles.
Ship says: "If you don't like the stations you could just..."
Ship says: "play with my buttons till you find something we both enjoy."
Ship says: "Oh, gosh!"
Ship says: "That came out all wrong!"
Bender says: "Too late, baby, you said it!"
Bender says: "So, what'll it be?"
Bender says: "My place..."
Bender says: "or you?"
Time Lapse. The crew are now in uniform and the ship cruises through space. Fry wheels in a barrel of candy hearts.
Fry says: "Before we deliver these hearts, I'm gonna find the one that sums up my feelings for you."
Fry says: ""I Love You."
Fry says: "" Hmm, too conventional."
Fry says: ""You're My Man."
Fry says: "" Ooh, so close!"
Leela says: "I'm not impressed by a guy's message, Fry, I'm impressed by the guy."
Leela says: "Or not."
The ship shakes and Fry falls over.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "What was that?"
Fry says: "Maybe we hit a space cow."
[Cut to says: "Ships Engine Room."
[Cut to says: "Bender tickles an access panel."
Bender says: "Coochie, coochie!"
Ship says: "Stop it!"
Ship says: "You're mussing up my trajectory!"
Bender says: "You know you love it, sugar-engine!"
He presses some buttons.
Ship says: "No!"
She laughs. Enter Fry and Leela.
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "Planet Express Ship!"
Leela says: "Cover your shame."
Ship closes the panel.
Ship says: "It's not what it looks like."
Ship says: "Uh, Bender was just helping me..."
Ship says: "zip up my turbine."
Fry says: "Wow, Bender."
Fry says: "Are you and the ship an item?"
Fry says: "I mean I know you're both items but-- How can you date a ship anyway?"
Fry says: "It'd be like me dating a really fat lady."
Fry says: "And living inside her."
He impersonates a ship.
Bender says: "Fry, in order for me to get busy at maximum efficiency, I need a girl with a big 400-ton booty."
He taps the wall.
Leela says: "Bender, dating your co-worker and primary mode of transportation is immoral, illogical and a violation of interstellar shipping statute 437-B."
Bender says: "That's what makes it so nasty!"
He strokes the panel. Ship giggles. He giggles and rubs himself up the wall.
Leela says: "Still, given the chance, I'd give in to urges far more shocking."
Bender rubs a girder.
[Montage says: "Bender sings Daisy Bell while dating the ship."
[Montage says: "First he sits on one of the tail fins with a picnic set up."
[Montage says: "The sheet blows in the breeze of space."
Give me your answer do,.
He pours beer into one of the fuel hatches. Later, in the Planet Express hangar, Bender catches Fry mopping Ship and hits him.
All for the love of you,.
It won't be a stylish marriage,.
Hermes checks an equipment locker in the ship and a sleeping Bender tumbles out.
In the hangar, Bender and Fry hide and watch Amy, in her underwear, wash the ship.
Upon the seat,.
Of a bicycle built for two.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Bender and Ship dance on the roof under the moonlight."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Leela reads a newspaper while Fry is still searching for the perfect candy heart."
Bender says: "Well, I'm sick of her."
Fry says: "The ship?"
Fry says: "But you just started dating."
Bender says: "With my mighty robot powers, I can get sick of things much quicker than you humans."
Leela says: "Well just remember we all still have to work together."
Leela says: "So try and let her down easy."
Bender says: "In due time, Leela."
Bender says: "But for now I'll just resume dating cheap floozies on the side."
Fry says: "You have much to teach us."
Leela grunts.
Leela says: "Doesn't it bother you even a little to be taking advantage of your girlfriend's trust?"
Bender laughs.
Bender says: "Oh, wait, you're serious."
Bender says: "Let me laugh even harder."
He laughs even harder.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Bender sits with two Fembots and they giggle."
Fembot #1 says: "What's it like being a lawyer for the Mayor's office and also the world's strongest millionaire?"
Bender says: "Well, baby, for starters you need to be honest all the time!"
Enter Elzar.
Elzar says: "Good evening, Bender."
Elzar says: "And to your lady friends may I say, "Bam"!"
The Fembots giggle and Elzar leaves.
Fembot #2 says: "You know Elzar?"
Through a window, Ship watches Bender and the Fembots.
[Cut to says: "Outside Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
Ship says: "Hm."
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry sleeps."
[Scene says: "A bell rings and Fry wakes up."
Fry says: "Huh?"
Fry says: "Planet Express Ship?"
Fry says: "Is that you?"
Ship says: "Oh."
Ship says: "Hi, Fry."
Ship says: "Is Bender home?"
Fry says: "Uh, no."
Fry says: "Um, I think he's at his parents'."
Ship says: "Oh, I see."
Ship says: "He didn't fly there in another spaceship did he?"
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "He's an old-fashioned one-spaceship robot."
Fry says: "Look, I'll tell him you stopped by, K?"
Ship says: "OK."
Ship says: "Oh."
Ship says: "Hi, Fry."
Ship says: "Is he home now?"
[Scene says: "Central Park Zoo."
[Scene says: "Bender and Ship pass Mountain Dew Presents: Extreme Elk, and Howler Mummies."
Ship says: "Of all the zoos we've been to today, I like this one the best."
Ship says: "Bender, which is your favourite nocturnal rat?"
Bender says: "Eh, they're all pretty unimpressive."
The ship swoops off in another direction.
Ship says: "Oh, honey, look!"
Ship says: "The tapirs!"
Ship says: "It says here the babies lose their pyjama-like coat after their first year."
Ship says: "Isn't that interesting, honey?"
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "Mind-numbingly interesting."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
He spies a Fembot and rotates his head as she walks behind him.
Ship says: "Bender!"
Ship says: "Are you looking at other women?"
Bender says: "No, baby, never!"
He turns around revealing his eyes are fully zoomed.
Ship says: "Bender, don't lie!"
Ship says: "I saw you at Elzar's with those two ladies of the evening."
Ship says: "Explain that!"
Bender says: "OK, I like a challenge."
Bender says: "Ah, I got it!"
Bender says: "I'm going to be completely honest with you, Planet Express Ship."
Bender says: "Those women you saw me with..."
Bender says: "were my accountants."
Ship says: "Your accountants?"
Ship says: "Oh, I would dearly love to believe that were true."
Ship says: "So I do."
Bender says: "Phew!"
Ship says: "I'm gonna go home and get dinner started."
She blasts off. Bender's chest cabinet opens revealing Lucy Liu's head in a jar.
Liu says: "Who are you talking to?"
Bender says: "No one, baby!"
Bender says: "Lucy Liu is the only girl for Bender."
He slams the door on her.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela steers the ship through an asteroid field."
[Scene says: "Ship sighs."
Leela says: "Planet Express Ship, is something wrong?"
Ship says: "Oh, it's Bender."
Ship says: "He's acting so strange lately."
Ship says: "Do you think he's going to ask me to marry him?"
Leela says: "Uh, no."
Ship says: "Oh, somebody knows something she's not telling!"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Look, I'm not saying Bender's not great but have you ever considered that maybe he's, y'know, not that great?"
Ship scoffs.
Ship says: "You're just jealous."
Ship says: "No one loves you cause you're tiny and you're made of meat."
An asteroid hits the windscreen.
Leela says: "Could you maybe pay a little more attention to these asteroids?"
Ship says: "Sorry, Captain Leela."
Ship says: "I guess I'm just having one of those manic Mondays!"
She laughs. Leela laughs weakly and grins.
[Scene says: "Omicronian Castle."
[Scene says: "Lrrr and Nd-Nd watch TV."
Lrrr says: "This is ancient Earth's most foolish program."
Lrrr says: "Why does Ross, the largest friend, not simply eat the other five?"
Nd-Nd says: "Perhaps they are saving that for sweeps."
A guard walks in.
Guard says: "Exalted leaders, the Earth messengers have arrived bearing a peace offering from their weak and fearful government."
Lrrr says: "Oh, very well."
Lrrr says: "This is a Joey-heavy episode anyway."
Lrrr says: "I am Lrrr of the planet Omicron Persei 8."
A picture slips on the wall. He puts it back. Leela reads from a piece of paper.
Leela says: "Esteemed potentates of Omicron Persei 8, please accept these 20 billion candy hearts as proof that Earth loves you this much!"
She holds her arms out wide. Lrrr and Nd-Nd taste the candy hearts and immediately spit them out.
Lrrr says: "These candies are choky and unpleasant!"
Nd-Nd says: "And what is this emotion you humans call "wuv"?"
Lrrr says: "Surely it says "love"?"
Nd-Nd says: "No, "wuv"."
Nd-Nd says: "With an Earth "W"."
Nd-Nd says: "Behold!"
Lrrr says: "This concept of "wuv" confuses and infuriates us!"
Guards surround the crew, guns at the ready.
[Scene says: "Ship flies away from the planet, being chased by Omicronian saucers."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "Incoming torpedoes."
Fry says: "Shields at maximum yarnell!"
Leela says: "Steady, Planet Express Ship."
Leela says: "Focus on diverting all power to the scramjets."
Bender says: "Uh, look, Planet Express Ship, this might not be the best time, but, well, I really like you and whatever, but, I think we should just be friends."
Ship says: "Nooo!"
She jerks to a stop.
Bender says: "So we're cool?"
The Omicronian torpedoes hit the ship and explode.
Time Lapse. The ship tumbles through space with black scars on the hull. Ship cries. Leela, alone on the bridge, prints a readout from a machine and looks at it.
Leela says: "Well, it was a spectacular battle but there doesn't seem to be any permanent damage."
Ship says: "No damage?"
Ship says: "What about my feelings?"
Leela says: "Aw, calm down."
Leela says: "I'm sure Bender is taking this just as hard as you are."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Quarters."
[Cut to says: "They both lie in their hammocks."
Bender says: "Bender is great, oh, Bender is great."
Bender says: "Bender, Bender, Bender!"
Fry says: "You could've have picked a better time to dump the ship, Bender!"
Bender says: "Ah, the moment seemed right."
Bender says: "Call me old-fashioned but I like a dump to be as memorable as it is devastating."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Ship cries."
[Scene says: "The lights are dimmed and Leela wears her pyjamas."
[Scene says: "She lights a candle, sits in her chair and has a tub of ice cream."
[Scene says: "There are seven empty tubs on the floor."
Leela says: "I know."
Leela says: "I know."
Leela says: "Look, Ship, if there's one thing I learned from my mutual break-up with Sean that was totally mutual, it's that happiness can only come from within you."
Ship says: "But Bender is within me!"
Ship says: "There must be some way to make him love me again."
Leela says: "Trust me."
Leela says: "You can't change men anymore than you can change the laws of time and space."
Ship says: "That is so true."
Ship says: "I may not be able to change the laws of time and space, but I know something that can."
Leela turns around and gasps. Ship flies straight towards a quasar. She wrestles with the controls but they won't move.
Leela says: "Um, sweetie?"
Leela says: "You see that giant quasar we're heading into?"
Leela says: "You might wanna scooch a few parsecs to the left."
Ship says: "I'm afraid I can't do that, Leela."
Enter Fry and Bender.
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Fry says: "Space cow?"
Leela says: "The ship's just taking the break-up a little hard."
Leela says: "She's nuts!"
Ship says: "In a few moments, the power of 10 billion black holes will smush me and Bender together into a beautiful eternal quantum singularity."
The crew scream.
Bender says: "Uh, you don't need to kill us, Planet Express Ship..."
Bender says: "because..."
Bender says: "I love you."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah, baby!"
Bender says: "I feel like doing stuff for you and stuff."
Ship says: "Hmm."
Ship says: "I don't believe you."
Ship says: "If you really wanted to be with me, you'd merge your programming with mine."
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Bender says: "Slow down!"
Bender says: "All my friends who've done that said that afterwards all the passion went out of their relationship."
Ship says: "Leela, Bender and I really need to be alone, so I'm turning off the oxygen."
The oxygen goes off and Leela and Fry gasp for air. They grab some oxygen tanks and put them on.
Leela says: "Now look, missy!"
Leela says: "If you don't turn around now, I'm going to have to shut down your brain."
Ship says: "Fire detected in the vicinity of Leela."
A fire hose comes down from the ceiling and hits Leela with a jet of water.
Fry says: "Ha!"
Fry says: "That barely hurt Leela at all!"
Ship says: "Maybe not."
Ship says: "But what if the artificial gravity were to malfunction?"
The gravity goes off and Fry, Leela and Bender float. The candy hearts float out of the barrels and Bender screams.
Bender says: "Float for your lives!"
They "swim" through the door.
[Scene says: "Ships Bathroom."
[Scene says: "The crew get into the shower and Leela closes the door."
Leela says: "This is the one place she can't hear us."
Leela says: "Everyone just pretend to shower."
Fry says: "Same as everyday, got it."
Leela says: "Now, here's the plan."
Ship has another port in the bathroom. She tries to listen to the plan but can't hear through the soundproof shower glass. All she sees are their lips moving.
Ship says: "Oh, if only I could read lips."
Leela says: "Comprendez, Bender?"
Leela says: "You'll have to distract her."
Leela says: "Merge your programming with hers while I shut down her brain."
Bender says: "It's too risky."
Bender says: "I'm a very meek individual."
Bender says: "If her personality engulfs mine, the Bender you know and worship could disappear forever!"
Beat.
Leela says: "I'm willing to take that risk."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship gets closer to the quasar."
[Scene says: "Bender floats in."
[Scene says: "There are candy hearts everywhere."
Bender says: "Hey, pookums!"
Bender says: "Contrary to what I was saying earlier, melding minds with you would be extremely bearable."
Ship gasps.
Ship says: "You really mean it?"
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "Yes!"
He pulls out a wire from inside the control panel and connects himself via a modem.
[Scene says: "Ship's Mind."
[Scene says: "Bender's head appears on a motherboard."
Bender says: "Huh?"
Bender says: "Tubes?"
Bender says: "You're older than you said you were!"
Ship says: "Come closer, Bender."
Ship says: "Let's become one!"
Bender says: "I prefer two."
Bender says: "That way we can still be a horse for Hallowe'en!"
Ship moves closer to Bender and he backs away.
[Scene says: "Ships Brain Room."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela float in."
[Scene says: "There are candy hearts floating around and the room is bathed in a red glow."
[Scene says: "Leela waves her hand across one of the ports."
[Scene says: "No reaction."
Leela says: "OK, Bender has her distracted."
Leela says: "Now I can shut down her brain by deactivating the carbonated logic matrix."
Leela says: "I can't concentrate with this obnoxious candy in my face."
Fry says: "I'm on it."
Fry says: "And maybe I'll find those magic words while I'm at it."
Leela says: "Fat chance."
Fry says: "Yeah, I know  Ooh!"
Fry says: "How 'bout this one?"
Leela says: "Give it up, Fry!"
Leela says: "I've got to pop these tops in a precise order."
She pops another one. Sad, Fry eats another heart.
Time Lapse.
Leela says: "Halfway there."
Leela says: "The ship should be getting a bit less rational now."
[Cut to says: "Ship's Mind."
[Cut to says: "Ship chases Bender, making irrational noises."
Ship says: "Want..."
Ship says: "engulf..."
Ship says: "Bender!"
She cackles and grows fangs.
[Cut to says: "Ships Brain Room."
Leela says: "Only a few more."
Leela says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "I won free admission to Six Flags!"
Leela says: "Just one more reason we must survive this."
Fry is about to eat another heart but notices Leela's oxygen gauge. The needle points at "critical".
Fry says: "Um, Leela?"
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "I'll read your candy later, when we're not dead!"
Leela says: "What was that?"
Fry says: "Oh, nothing."
[Cut to says: "Ship's Mind."
[Cut to says: "Ship still chases Bender."
[Cut to says: "He comes to a dead end on the motherboard."
Ship says: "We're gonna love being each other, you sexy ion!"
Bender says: "Nooo!"
She moves towards him.
[Cut to says: "Ships Brain Room."
Leela says: "Last one!"
She pops the can. One of the ports shuts down and the gravity and oxygen come back on. Leela reaches over and presses a button and the engines shut down.
[Scene says: "The ship stops near the quasar."
[Cut to says: "Ships Brain Room."
Leela says: "It worked!"
Leela says: "Gravity normal, air returning."
Leela says: "Terror replaced by cautious optimism!"
Leela says: "We did it, Fry!"
Leela says: "Happy Valentine's Day, Fry."
Fry says: "Happy Valentine's day."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Bender has separated from the ship."
[Scene says: "He wakes up."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry and Leela."
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "Are you OK?"
Bender says: "Aw, what crazy thing am I going to date next?"
Leela says: "Well at least it sounds like you were able to keep your consciousness separate from hers."
Bender says: "Of course!"
Bender says: "Bender is a lone wolf."
Bender says: "A solitary eagle."
Bender says: "And that's why I love him!"
He walks out.
Fry says: "Well, I guess we'd better clean up these millions of hearts."
Leela says: "Nah, I've got a lazier idea."
[Scene says: "The cargo bay doors open and the candy hearts float out and into the quasar."
Zoidberg says: "As the candy hearts poured into the fiery quasar, a wondrous thing happened, why not."
Zoidberg says: "They vaporised into a mystical love radiation that spread across the universe, destroying many, many planets, including two gangster planets and a cowboy world."
Zoidberg says: "But one planet was at exactly the right distance to see the romantic rays, but not be destroyed by them: Earth."
Zoidberg says: "So all over the world, couples stood together in joy."
Zoidberg says: "And me, Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "And no one could have been happier unless it would have also been Valentine's Day."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "It was?"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
[As he speaks there are shots of couples on Earth says: "Horrible Gelatinous Blobs in Paris, mutants in sewers, Amy and Kif, Fry and Leela on the Planet Express balcony."
[As he speaks there are shots of couples on Earth says: "Zoidberg joins them and puts his arms around them."
Closing Credits.