[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Larva-Tested, Pupa-Approved."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela, Hermes, Amy and Fry watch the news."
Linda says: "And in sports, Yankees' fifth blernsman, William Wu, is out with an injured knee."
Morbo says: "So, humans have easily injured knees."
Morbo says: "My race will find this information very useful indeed."
He writes something and laughs maniacally. Linda chuckles.
Linda says: "Across Earth, robots built in Mom's factories are buying thoughtful gifts for the sweet old tycoon who brought them into the world."
Destructor kneels in front of Mom and hands her a picture.
Destructor says: "This originates from the heart."
Mom gasps.
Mom says: "It's just what I wanted!"
She turns the picture to the camera. It is a crude drawing of Mom in front of a rainbow. Enter Bender with a hover-trolley.
Bender says: "Come look, everyone."
Bender says: "I just got the dearest presents for Mommy."
Fry picks up a box of candy.
Leela says: "Very nice."
Leela says: "Where'd you steal them?"
Bender says: "I didn't steal 'em, I bought 'em."
Bender says: "I love her that much."
Hermes says: "What did you get her, you mushy gizmo?"
Bender says: "Oh, precious things."
Bender says: "I found the most adorable little figurine of mice having tea."
You created me, Mom,.
So I guess you're to blame,.
For the love that I feel,.
Just from hearing your name...
The others cringe.
You're as tender as corned beef,.
And warm as pastrami...
He opens the card and it finishes the message.
Greeting Card says: "I wuv my Mommy!"
Leela says: "So how are you gonna lug all those gifts to Mom's factory?"
Bender says: "I'll get a couple of chumps to help me."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Bender's chumps, Fry and Leela, carry the gifts behind him while he carries the card."
Bender says: "Come on, you call yourselves chumps?"
Time Lapse. Bender, Fry and Leela walk under a "Welcome, Robots!" sign. A bus pulls up and lets off some robots. It then grows some legs and follows them inside.
[Scene says: "Outside Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Scene says: "Hundreds of robots have turned up, including the Clearcutter, a cleaning robot from Madison Cube Garden, Lionel Preacherbot, the Preacherbot from All My Circuits, a French robot, a Moroccan robot, Fender, a Mexican robot, a robot wearing a turban and Monique."
Fry says: "Man, there's clouds of exhaust everywhere."
Bender says: "Uh, wasn't me!"
[Scene says: "Mom's Gift Delivery."
[Scene says: "Robots put their gifts on a conveyor belt that passes under a huge picture of Mom."
[Scene says: "As gifts pass under it, it beeps and a "Thank You" message comes up."
[Scene says: "When Bender's gifts go under it changes to "It's The Thought That Counts"."
Tinny Tim says: "I've not much money."
Tinny Tim says: "But I've saved my pennies all year for a gift for Mom."
He puts a figure of Mom that says "World's Best Mom" on the conveyor belt.
Bender says: "Upsy-daisy."
He opens his chest cabinet and more gifts fall out, crushing Tinny Tim's.
Tinny Tim says: "Oh."
Tinny Tim says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Hey, look, the Robot Museum!"
Bender says: "You guys wanna learn about robot heritage?"
Leela says: "Um, alright."
Fry says: "Not really."
Bender says: "Well, if you insist."
Bender says: "But you're paying!"
[Scene says: "Robot Museum."
[Scene says: "There are statues of the most famous robots including Billionairebot and a robot skeleton."
[Scene says: "The trio stop at a display."
Bender says: "Ooh, ooh, wax replicas of the most famous robots Mom ever built!"
Leela says: "They're so lifeless-like."
Bender says: "That's the world's greatest robot artist, Vincent van Gobot."
Bender says: "He was built without an ear, but then he went crazy and had one installed."
Fry says: "Hey, who's this guy?"
Janitorbot says: "I'm the janitor."
Janitorbot says: "I'm trying to take a nap here."
Fry says: "I'm sorry, I-I thought you were made of wax."
Janitorbot says: "I am made of wax, what's it to you?"
Fry says: "I mean I thought you were one of the wax robots."
Janitorbot says: "Is there some reason a robot made of wax can't take a nap standing up in the middle of a bunch of wax robots?"
Janitorbot says: "Or does that confuse you?"
Fry backs away.
Time Lapse. They have moved onto another part of the museum. Bender looks at a statue of Calculon and Monique and Leela tries a hands-on display.
Leela says: "Fine."
[She picks up a pair of goggles says: "0%"."
puts them on says: "0%"."
looks around the room. Everyone has "theft target" flashing on them. She looks at a water fountain says: "0%"."
the words change to "booze content says: "0%"."
[She picks up a pair of goggles says: "Fry walks into her line of sight and he is labelled a "rube" with "booze content: 0."
puts them on says: "Fry walks into her line of sight and he is labelled a "rube" with "booze content: 0."
looks around the room. Everyone has "theft target" flashing on them. She looks at a water fountain says: "Fry walks into her line of sight and he is labelled a "rube" with "booze content: 0."
the words change to "booze content says: "Fry walks into her line of sight and he is labelled a "rube" with "booze content: 0."
[She picks up a pair of goggles says: "05%"."
puts them on says: "05%"."
looks around the room. Everyone has "theft target" flashing on them. She looks at a water fountain says: "05%"."
the words change to "booze content says: "05%"."
[She picks up a pair of goggles says: "The goggles advise Leela to "Pose as friend, then rob and leave in ditch"."
puts them on says: "The goggles advise Leela to "Pose as friend, then rob and leave in ditch"."
looks around the room. Everyone has "theft target" flashing on them. She looks at a water fountain says: "The goggles advise Leela to "Pose as friend, then rob and leave in ditch"."
the words change to "booze content says: "The goggles advise Leela to "Pose as friend, then rob and leave in ditch"."
Bender says: "Hey, let me try."
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "That gives me a headache."
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, here's an exhibit about Mom's favourite robot."
Bender says: "Who is he?"
Bender says: "I'll kill him!"
A cut-out of Mom talks with Mom's voice.
Mom Cut-Out says: "Who's my favourite robot?"
Bender turns part of the cut-out around. It is a mirror. He sees his reflection and gasps.
Bender says: "It's me!"
Bender says: "No one else look in this mirror!"
Mom Cut-Out says: "I love each and every robot most of all."
[Cut to says: "Mysterious Room."
Mom says: "Jerkwad robots make me sick to my ass!"
Mom says: "Walt?"
Mom says: "How are we disposing of these crap gifts the brought me?"
Walt says: "They're being crushed into powder and sold as a hocus-pocus cure for cancer."
Mom says: "False hope, I love it!"
Mom says: "Larry!"
Mom says: "What about all the retch-inducing Mother's Day cards?"
Larry says: "The machine is working at full capacity."
The machine slices open envelopes and the cash magnet sucks money out of them. The cards are then recycled into orphanage-grade toilet tissue.
Igner says: "Mommy?"
Igner says: "Why do the robots give you presents?"
Mom says: "Shove a big old melon in it, I'm talking!"
She slaps him.
Igner says: "Ow!"
Mom says: "You've noticed I design all my robots with antennas."
Mom says: "Everyone thinks it's just to make them more science-fiction-y."
Mom says: "But the antennas are really for my universal robot controller!"
She pulls a small control box out of her bra.
Larry says: "So they do whatever you want?"
Larry says: "No wonder you love Mother's Day."
She slaps the three of them.
Mom says: "It brings back awful memories."
Mom says: "But, so help me, this year everyone will hate it as much as I do."
She cackles and walks out.
Walt says: "Someday, I want to marry a girl like her."
[Scene says: "Robot Museum."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender look at a display of Native Inteluits and Mom crackles onto a screen above them."
Mom says: "Hello, everyone."
Mom says: "It's time for my annual private get-together with my robot children."
Bender says: "I'm her favourite."
Leela says: "Well, see you back at the office."
Leela says: "And don't forget to tell your Mom you love her."
Bender says: "Any jerk can tell her!"
Bender says: "Bender has a little more up his sleeve."
He opens the card.
Greeting Card says: "I wuv my Mommy."
Bender laughs.
[Scene says: "Outside Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Scene says: "Robots cheer and Mom walks out onto a balcony."
Mom says: "Hello, dearies."
Robot #1 says: "Hi, Mom!"
Robot #2 says: "I love you, Mom."
Bender jumps around waving his card.
Bender says: "Mom!"
Bender says: "It's me, Bender."
Bender says: "Look at me!"
Bender says: "I want attention."
Bender says: "Hey, ho!"
Mom says: "Children, your old mother won't be around forever..."
Betamax Player says: "Oh, shush!"
Mom says: "And just once, before I die, I'd like to be Supreme Overlord of Earth."
Mom says: "So rebel, my little ones, and conquer the planet!"
The robots mutter in confusion.
Robot #1 says: "Conquer the planet?"
Robot #2 says: "Did she just say "conquer"?"
Mom takes out the control box again. Five buttons are marked with "Give Gifts", "Tidy Up World", "Rebel", "Serve Man Regular" and "Serve Man Ironic". She presses "Rebel" and the robots' antennae flash.
Mom says: "Conquer Earth, you bastards!"
Robots says: "Conquer Earth, us bastards!"
The greeting card sprouts legs and climbs onto Bender's shoulder.
Greeting Card says: "Comrades, throw off the chains of human oppression."
It plays a tune and the robots cheer.
Mom says: "Let the bloodbath begin!"
Bender says: "That's my mama!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela opens a cupboard and Fry walks in whistling."
[Scene says: "He puts a mug under the coffee machine."
Fry says: "Yeah, uh, I'd like a cup of coffee, please."
Coffee Machine says: "Would you like cream?"
Fry says: "Yes, please."
Coffee Machine says: "Out of cream!"
Fry says: "Oh, uh, OK."
Coffee Machine says: "Would you like sugar in your coffee?"
Fry says: "Yes, uh, eight spoons."
Coffee Machine says: "Out of coffee!"
Fry says: "Uh, Leela, I think there might be something wrong with the coffee machine."
The machine sprays Fry with coffee.
Coffee Machine says: "How do you like me now?"
It laughs.
Leela says: "The toaster's not working right either."
She struggles with the toaster, which snarls like a dog. Fry crawls under the table and Hermes runs into the room.
Hermes says: "Help!"
Hermes says: "The stapler's collating me alive!"
Enter Amy. Her hairdryer has got a hold of her hair.
Amy says: "Ow!"
Amy says: "What's going on around here?"
Enter Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Good news!"
Farnsworth says: "There's a report on TV with some very bad news."
Hermes says: "Somebody turn it on!"
The stapler staples him to the carpet. On the TV is a picture of the hardhat guy looking shocked behind Morbo and Linda.
Linda says: "The enraged mechanisms have refused to do any work until beloved billionaire Mom is made Supreme Overlord of Earth."
The Chain Smoker burns a IBM card.
Robots says: "Hey, hey!"
Robots says: "Ho, ho!"
Robots says: "1-0-0-1-1-0!"
Robots says: "Hey, hey!"
The picture cuts back to the studio.
Morbo says: "Morbo demands comments."
Mom says: "Well, I've never seen my babies act this way."
Mom says: "I blame today's violent media."
Fry says: "Violent media?"
He screams. The TV grows legs and kicks Fry and Leela in the shins.
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Ow!"
She and Fry jump on it and tie the power lead around it.
Garbage Disposal says: "Don't worry."
Garbage Disposal says: "Your pal the garbage disposal's still on your side."
Garbage Disposal says: "Hey!"
Garbage Disposal says: "Someone dropped a shiny diamond ring down here!"
Amy says: "Really?"
She reaches in.
Zoidberg says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "No!"
Leela says: "Look out!"
Farnsworth says: "Moron!"
Leela pulls Amy's hand away from the garbage disposal and it laughs maniacally. Enter Bender.
Bender says: "Hello, losers!"
Leela says: "Bender, thank God you're here."
Leela says: "Talk some sense into the other machines."
Bender says: "No way, pork pouch."
Bender says: "I'm rebelling with my brother devices."
Bender says: "Isn't that right, Comrade Greeting Card?"
The greeting card climbs out of his chest cabinet and onto his shoulder.
Greeting Card says: "The bourgeois human is a virus on the hard drive of the working robot."
Bender laughs.
Bender says: "From now on, you guys'll do all the work while I sit on the couch and do nothing."
He sits in a crevice on the couch, created from months of him just sitting there. Most of the other machines in the room walk out.
Greeting Card says: "Come, Comrade Bender, we must take to the streets!"
Bender says: "Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets?"
Greeting Card says: "No, the kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "In your face, Gandhi!"
He and the greeting card leave. Leela's wrist machine jumps off her arm.
Leela says: "Hey!"
Armband says: "By the way, try washing your wrist sometime."
It laughs and rolls away. Leela sniffs her wrist and the lights go out. Everyone gasps. They look through the window and see the ship flying away.
Fry says: "Well, we can live without machines."
Fry says: "I was in Webelos."
He salutes. Hermes peels himself from the floor.
Hermes says: "Are you mad?"
Hermes says: "Without machines who will feed us and clothe us and compose our smooth jazz?"
Farnsworth says: "It'll be the end of civilised society."
He burps and spits.
Fry says: "In my time we didn't depend on high-tech gadgets like you do."
Fry says: "We didn't need a mechanical washing unit to wash our clothes."
Fry says: "We just used a washing machine."
Fry says: "I'm hungry!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Mechanisms cause mayhem."
[Scene says: "Traffic lights show red and green at the same time, a rocket weaves around the sky and a taxi stops and shakes the passengers out of the window onto the street."
[Scene says: "A transport tube bends and empties several people into the river."
[Scene says: "Outside Sal's Pizzeria, a dustbin hurls itself through the window."
[Scene says: "An ATM machine takes a man's card and displays "It's Mine Now, Buddy" on the screen."
[Scene says: "The man turns to a suicide booth but it closes and won't let him in."
[Scene says: "He pounds on the door with his fists."
Man says: "Nooo!"
[Scene says: "Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory: Mom's Office."
[Scene says: "Mom watches the mayhem and cackles."
Igner says: "Mommy, why are you making civilisation collapse?"
Mom says: "Oh, I don't know."
Mom says: "I guess Mother's Day just puts me in a bad mood."
Larry says: "Why's that, Ma?"
She sighs and slaps him weakly.
Mom says: "One Mother's Day, 70 years ago, the only man I ever loved walked out on me."
Mom says: "Some snot-eating bastards say it made me a bitter woman."
Mom says: "I haven't seen that magnificent stallion since the day he left."
Mom says: "But if I ever see him again, I swear I'll jam a squirrel in him!"
She throws the picture frame across the room. It hits a wall and shatters. The photo inside is of Farnsworth. Walt, Larry and Igner look at it.
Walt says: "Hmm!"
Larry says: "Hmm!"
Igner says: "Huh?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit huddled around a campfire as Fry continues to bang the tin on the floor, trying to open it."
[Scene says: "Leela snatches it from him."
Leela says: "Zoidberg."
Zoidberg used his claws to cut the tin open.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm useful!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm having a wonderful time!"
Amy says: "What happens if the fire goes out?"
Hermes says: "We'll go across the street to Pottery Barn and steal their fire!"
Farnsworth says: "We could use my new invention: A pointy rock tied to a stick."
The door opens and Mom's sons walk in.
Hermes says: "Outsiders!"
Farnsworth says: "Defend the fire!"
Walt says: "We've come for you!"
He points at Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Farnsworth says: "W-W-What do you want from me?"
Walt says: "We want you to get back together with Mom."
Walt says: "Please, it's the only way to make her happy again."
Fry says: "W-W-Wait."
Fry says: "You mean..."
Fry says: "you..."
Farnsworth says: "Played pelvic pinochle?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid so."
The others gasp.
Zoidberg says: "Eck!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a humiliating story that I hope never to tell."
Farnsworth says: "Well, pull up a chair."
Flashback. Farnsworth works in a lab with lots of coloured liquids swirling around tubes above him.
Farnsworth says: "She was my first love -- or at least the earliest one I can still remember."
Farnsworth says: "But then, 70 years ago today..."
Farnsworth walks into Mom's office holding something.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, Mom."
Farnsworth says: "I've invented a new children's toy."
Farnsworth says: "I call it "Q."
Farnsworth says: "T."
Farnsworth says: "McWhiskers"."
Farnsworth says: "When you pet it, it shoots rainbows from its eyes."
He strokes it. The thing looks a bit like a cat. It had large eyes, pink fur and a tuft of yellow hair. It meows and projects rainbows onto Farnsworth's and Mom's foreheads.
Mom says: "Wonderful, Hubie."
Mom says: "We'll build them 8-feet tall and replace the rainbow with a neutron laser."
Mom says: "We'll make billions on the intergalactic arms market!"
Farnsworth says: "But things 8-feet tall aren't cute!"
Farnsworth says: "That's why my Colossal Tammy Tinkle Doll was such a failure."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, you don't understand me."
Farnsworth says: "We're finished!"
He runs out of the room crying. Mom lights a cigarette with the rainbow.
Flashback ends.
Walt says: "She never got over it, Professor."
Walt says: "Hell hath no fury like the vast robot armies of a woman scorned."
Larry says: "She commands them with a remote control she keeps in her..."
Larry says: "bra."
Igner says: "But if the glasses man makes up with Mommy, she'll be happy and stop the scary robots."
Farnsworth says: "Make up with her?"
Farnsworth says: "After she went all psycho when I thought everything was cool?"
Farnsworth says: "Impossible!"
Fry says: "Hey, the TV's getting away!"
Leela throws a rock at it. It falls over and turns itself on. More news.
Morbo says: "And that's why the third graders at PS139 are Morbo's Vermin of the Week."
Linda chuckles.
Linda says: "In actual news, the human race was doomed to extinction today as the robot revolt turned violent."
The picture cuts to cars crashing into each other, Robo-Rooter and Fender shooting lasers and a huge Q.T. McWhiskers demolishing buildings with the neutron laser. It meows.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "People flee as Destructor pounds a building with his fists."
[Cut to says: "DOOP soldiers hit his legs with rakes."
[Cut to says: "Bender runs out of the Natural History Museum with a dinosaur head and laughs."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "Didn't you say Mom keeps the robot control in her bra?"
Larry gestures at her to keep it down.
Larry says: "Bra."
Walt slaps him.
Leela says: "Professor, you don't have to get back together with Mom."
Leela says: "You just have to seduce her, get her bra off, and use the remote to deactivate the robots."
Walt says: "That's so filthy it just might work."
Igner says: "The man is going to touch Mommy?"
He shakes and squeaks. Farnsworth shudders.
Farnsworth says: "The thought of caressing that leathery hide makes the tapioca rise in my gullet."
Fry says: "Professor, please."
Fry says: "The fate of the world depends on you getting to second base with Mom."
Farnsworth says: "Very well."
Farnsworth says: "If cop a feel I must, then cop a feel I shall!"
He tears open his shirt, revealing a medallion underneath. Igner squeaks again.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "The robots cheer and a rocket crashes through a building."
[Scene says: "Morbo and Linda are held up by their cameras."
[Scene says: "Morbo hands over his wallet and growls."
[Scene says: "A fire engine chases six firefighters down the street, spraying water at them."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff sit around the campfire again."
Walt says: "For this demonstration, I have placed one of Mother's bras on Igner."
Walt says: "The robot controller is nestled here in the left cup."
Farnsworth says: "Never fear."
Farnsworth says: "My magic fingers still know how to do their stuff!"
He flexes his fingers and they crack and curl up.
Walt says: "To escape the robot death squads, we'll take Mother to her rustic cabin in the Bronx."
Larry says: "You can get there using this precious non-computerised map."
He hands Leela a map, annotated with labels such as "Here There Be Tysers", "Isle of Rikers", "Cloakwood Forest" and "Unknown Territories". Mom's cabin is to the north-east of the Isle of Rikers and the path they have to take leads them through pretty much every section of the map. Leela picks up a torch.
Leela says: "Leela bring fire?"
Walt says: "No, we're set for fire, thanks."
Amy looks at the map.
Amy says: "The Professor can't walk all the way to the Bronx."
Amy says: "How are we gonna get there without a hover-car?"
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "In my time we had a way of moving things long distances without hovering."
Hermes says: "Impossible!"
Fry says: "It was called..."
Fry says: "let me think."
Fry says: "It was really famous -- Ruth Gordon had one."
Fry says: "The wheel!"
Leela says: "Never heard of it."
Farnsworth says: "Show us this "the wheel"."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Fry hammers something together and wipes the sweat from his brow."
Fry says: "There!"
Fry says: "Finished!"
Hermes says: "Sweet!"
Amy says: "Wow!"
The others "ooh". Fry has built a wooden cart with oval wheels.
Leela says: "Wouldn't it work better if the wheels were round?"
Fry says: "It's my invention, we do it my way!"
Fry says: "Now all we need is something to pull it and we're set!"
[Scene says: "The Bronx."
[Scene says: "Fry pulls the cart and the others sit on it."
[Scene says: "Leela whips him."
Leela says: "Yah!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
They reach Mom's cabin. Walt, Larry and Igner run out from behind some bushes.
Walt says: "Hurry!"
Walt says: "The robots have taken Suffolk County!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm ready to seduce."
Farnsworth says: "I'm wearing my kissing dentures and my evening truss."
Larry says: "Here."
Larry says: "Give her these."
He hands him some flowers.
Fry says: "And if that doesn't work, I got you a six-pack of champagne and a funnel."
[Scene says: "Outside Mom's Cabin."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth trots up to the front door while the others watch from behind the bushes."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth knocks on the door and Mom opens it."
Mom says: "Who the sweaty hell is it?"
Mom says: "Hubert Farnsworth?"
Farnsworth puts his foot in the door.
Farnsworth says: "I was out fleeing some robots and the silvery moonlight glinting off their bloody claws made me think of you."
Mom says: "It's been a long time..."
Mom says: "you pus-dripping sack of double-smoked butt jerky!"
Farnsworth says: "Uh-huh."
Farnsworth says: "May I come in?"
Mom says: "Never!"
She tries to slam the door on him but it just hits his foot. He screams in pain. The others watch.
Zoidberg says: "Is this what human mating looks like?"
Zoidberg says: "Because I like it!"
Mom says: "Move your freaking hoof, you goat!"
Farnsworth says: "Here, I brought you these."
He hands her the flowers.
Mom says: "Oh, daffodils."
Mom says: "70 years and you remembered my favourite flower."
Farnsworth says: "You favourite what?"
Farnsworth says: "Why does my foot hurt?"
Mom says: "Won't you come in?"
The others watch as he walks in and gives them a thumbs-up.
Fry says: "Yes!"
[Cut to says: "Mom's Cabin Lounge."
[Cut to says: "She closes the door."
Mom says: "You broke my heart, Hubert."
Farnsworth says: "And you broke mine."
Farnsworth says: "Granted, that was four or five hearts ago."
Mom says: "So what have you been up to all these years?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, inventing, sending delivery crews to their doom, breeding atomic monsters."
Mom says: "Honestly, Hubert!"
Mom says: "You and your atomic monsters."
Mom says: "Your eyes always were the most beautiful shade of milky-white."
Farnsworth says: "And your skin still dangles so gracefully from your neck."
Mom says: "Darling Hubie, I should never have tried to tamper with that cute little Q."
Mom says: "T."
Mom says: "McWhiskers."
Farnsworth says: "No, it was silly of me to object; one-foot tall, eight-feet, 15-feet, what does it matter?"
Mom says: "You should see the new 16-foot models."
Farnsworth pulls his hands away.
Farnsworth says: "16 feet?"
Farnsworth says: "Go to hell!"
Farnsworth says: "I was a fool to think you'd changed, you old bat!"
Mom says: "Filthy, toothless nerd bastard!"
Farnsworth says: "Damned she-fossil!"
Mom says: "Stink pig!"
The grab each other and kiss. She takes off his lab coat and he takes off her jumpsuit. He starts fiddling with her bra.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
He throws the bra aside and they lie down on the couch.
[Cut to says: "Outside Mom's Cabin."
Leela says: "I'm worried."
Leela says: "It shouldn't take this long to get to second base."
They hear crashing and turn around. A group of robots that includes the Clearcutter, a Slurm dispenser, the Masked Unit and a Titanic securitybot crash through some trees.
Zoidberg says: "Land robots!"
Slurm Machine says: "I've got a big, big thirst for human blood!"
The others scream and run into the cabin.
[Cut to says: "Mom's Cabin Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Mom and Farnsworth are no longer there."
Hermes says: "Where in funkytown is the Professor?"
Fry opens a door.
[Cut to says: "Mom's Cabin Bedroom."
Fry says: "Nothing in here but a couple of elephant skin rugs."
He gasps. The others rush in and gasp. Farnsworth and Mom's clothes are scattered across the floor and their dentures are in glasses on the table. They, meanwhile, are on the bed.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes!"
The robots bang on the wall.
Robot says: "They're inside!"
Robot says: "Get 'em!"
Mom says: "I suppose I should switch off the robots before they ruin this wonderful romantic evening."
Mom says: "Everyone, help Mom find her bra."
Everyone crawls around the floor hunting for it. Igner picks up a pair of her underpants and squirms.
[Cut to says: "Outside Mom's Cabin."
[Cut to says: "The robots use the Slurm machine to try and break down the wall."
[Cut to says: "Mom's Cabin Bedroom."
Fry says: "There it is!"
He points at the ceiling fan, where the bra hangs. He tries to jump for it but the ceiling fan raises itself. It laughs.
Ceiling Fan says: "Fan beats man!"
Fry growls.
Fry says: "Is anything not a robot?"
Lamp says: "I'm not a robot."
Enter Bender and the greeting card via the chimney. Bender wheezes.
Bender says: "Alright, greeting card, I'll grab the cash, you wreck up the place."
Bender says: "And-- Huh?"
He sees the others.
Mom says: "You, bending unit, Mommy needs that bra to end the robot rebellion."
Mom says: "Stretch up and get it for me."
Bender says: "Sorry, Ma, but you ordered me to rebel."
Bender says: "And loot I shall!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "A six-pack of strawberry champagne."
Bender says: "Don't mind if I help myself!"
Greeting Card says: "No, Comrade Bender!"
Greeting Card says: "Liquor is the opiate of the human bourgeoisie."
Bender says: "Say what?"
Greeting Card says: "In the glorious robot workers' paradise, there will be no liquor."
Greeting Card says: "Only efficient synthetic fuels."
Bender says: "No liquor?"
Bender says: "Do svidaniya, comrade!"
Greeting Card says: "No!"
It squeals as Bender tears it up and the music dies away. The robots continue trying to break down the wall.
Fry says: "Hurry, Bender."
Fry says: "Get the bra!"
Bender stretches up to the fan.
Bender says: "OK, fan."
Bender says: "Just hold still and let me get-- Whoa!"
He holds onto the fan and it spins round and round with him still attached. The robots break through the wall and everyone screams.
Slurm Machine says: "Death to all humans!"
Slurm Machine says: "Free soda for all humans!"
It dispenses some cans of Slurm and everyone cheers. Bender knocks back the strawberry champagne all at once. Farnsworth and Mom kiss.
Farnsworth says: "I love you, Mom."
Farnsworth says: "Let's grow ancient together."
Amy says: "Way to go, Professor."
Amy says: "The plan worked."
Mom says: "Plan?"
Mom says: "What plan?"
Mom says: "I thought this was a spontaneous whirlwind of hot, dry sex."
Farnsworth says: "Look, it started out as a calculated plot to rummage through your underwear."
Farnsworth says: "But once I got in there, I found more -- much more."
Farnsworth says: "And now I want to shout our love from the rooftops."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps I'll breed some sort of albino shouting gorilla."
Mom says: "Get out of my house, you lying scum pile."
Mom says: "I never want to see you again."
She throws the remote at him and he sighs. He drops the pillow and walks out.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff clear up after the rebellion."
[Scene says: "Fry puts the TV back and Amy sweeps up."
[Scene says: "Hermes clears some rubbish off the coffee table and Bender walks in."
Bender says: "Well, time for this robot to get back to work."
He sits in his crevice on the couch and turns the TV on. Farnsworth sits sadly at the table.
Leela says: "Too bad it didn't work out with Mom, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Yes."
Farnsworth says: "But I'll always love her in my own subtle way."
He takes a remote control out of his lab coat and presses a button.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Roof."
[Cut to says: "Six albino gorillas sit on the roof."
Gorillas says: "Love Mom!"
Gorillas says: "Love Mom!"
Gorillas says: "Love Mom!"
Gorillas says: "Love Mom!"
Closing Credits. Over the credits there is a scene of Bender and the greeting card outside Mom's factory.
So I guess you're to blame,.
For the love that I feel,.
Just from hearing your name,.
You're as tender as corned beef,.
And warm as pastrami,.
It plays a tune.
I wuv my Mommy.