[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is in the tower balcony, sighs."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Amy, Zoidberg, Fry, and Bender are sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "Bender is smoking a cigar."
[Cut to says: "Leela sits down."
Leela says: "Where's the Professor?"
Bender says: "Eh, probably dead."
Bender says: "Already dissolving in a bathtub if we're lucky."
Professor Farnsworth enters.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I was out on the widow's walk keeping a hopeless vigil for the return of my first delivery crew."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's been fifty years since they disappeared."
Professor Farnsworth sits down.
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "I knew you had other crews, but you never told us you had a first crew."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I remember it like it was interesting."
Professor Farnsworth looks up.
[Flashback says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Flashback says: "Professor Farnsworth, now younger, is still looking up."
[Flashback says: "The building, which has a sign reading PLANET EXPRESS GRAND OPENING!"
[Flashback says: "and no tower balcony and is surrounded by a fence and the sea, is in front of him."
[Flashback says: "Four sheep and a tree are there as well."
[Flashback says: "One sheep bleats."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I had just built my new shipping and receiving emporium."
[Cut to says: "Outside Homeless Depot."
[Cut to says: "A group of sixteen individuals, including men, women, and two Robots, is there."
Professor Farnsworth says: "And I scoured the hardware-store parking lot to assemble the finest crew imaginable."
A hoverlorry driven by Professor Farnsworth parks in front of Homeless Depot. The group walks up to it.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "A woman from the parking lot is there."
[Cut to says: "The woman blinks twice and winks once."
Professor Farnsworth says: "And Captain Lando Tucker, a dedicated young man with no characteristics."
Professor Farnsworth is there as well.
Lando Tucker says: "We'll deliver that package or die trying."
Zoidberg, who has brown hair resembling that of Fonzie from Happy Days and is wearing a pair of shorts, enters and walks up to Candy, Lifter, and Lando Tucker.
Zoidberg says: "Eh!"
Zoidberg says: "It's all my favourite patients."
Zoidberg says: "And also Captain Tucker."
Zoidberg says: "Pow!"
Lifter and Lando Tucker laugh.
Candy says: "Whoa!"
Candy and Zoidberg high-five. Lando Tucker points at Zoidberg.
Lando Tucker says: "You totally got me, Dr."
Lando Tucker says: "John."
Lando Tucker says: "You're hilarious."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Amy, Fry, Bender, and Leela turn to Zoidberg."
Hermes says: "Zoidberg was popular?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Amy says: "Zoidberg had hair?!"
Amy says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I never said he had hair!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Anyway..."
[Flashback says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Flashback says: "The sign is gone."
[Flashback says: "A ship resembling the Planet Express ship is in take-off position."
[Flashback says: "A bridge is connecting the tower and the ship."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The time came for our first delivery."
A young woman, a young boy, Lando Tucker, Lifter, Zoidberg, and Candy are on the bridge. Lando Tucker, Zoidberg, and Candy are wearing space suits. The young woman and Lando Tucker are holding hands. The young boy is hugging Lando Tucker. The young woman cries.
Young woman says: "Lando, don't forget about me and Junior."
Lando Tucker puts his right hand on the young woman's left shoulder.
Lando Tucker says: "I won't, honey."
Lando Tucker says: "Or die trying."
Professor Farnsworth walks up to Lando Tucker, Lifter, Zoidberg, and Candy.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Well, crew, this is it."
Professor Farnsworth says: "That cookie bouquet isn't going to deliver itself."
Lifter is holding a cookie bouquet with a piece of paper reading HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMANDA! on it. Lando Tucker salutes Professor Farnsworth.
Time lapse. The bridge is pulled towards the tower.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ten..."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is looking at the ship through the window."
[Cut to says: "Several scientists are sitting down behind him."
Professor Farnsworth says: "One."
The scientist presses the button.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "The ship takes off."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower room."
Scientist says: "Go, you big metal bird!"
Scientist says: "Get up there!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The ship flies away as the young woman and the young boy look up."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth salutes, happy."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is still saluting, sad."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, focusing on Hermes."
Hermes says: "Incredible!"
Hermes says: "Zoidberg had friends?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Hermes shrugs.
Zoidberg says: "It was a different time."
Zoidberg shrugs.
[Flashback says: "The Planet Express tower room."
[Flashback says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is walking among the scientists, touches the left shoulder of one of them with his left hand."
[Flashback says: "The scientist turns to him, speaks, and turns back."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Suddenly, Amanda's aunt called to say her niece hadn't received her cookie bouquet."
Professor Farnsworth grabs the telephone, puts it next to his right ear, listening for a while, and drops it.
[Cut to says: "The street."
[Cut to says: "A hoverlorry with SOB 'N' STROLL - 24 HRS - WIDOW'S WALK INSTALLATION on its side and a metallic representation of a crying woman on its top drives away, revealing the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the Planet Express tower balcony."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is looking up, walks around the tower balcony in cuts."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I watched the skies for weeks."
Professor Farnsworth says: "With only occasional breaks to tender my grief diarrhea."
Professor Farnsworth looks troubled and runs off.
Time lapse. Professor Farnsworth is looking down.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Just when all hope was lost..."
Professor Farnsworth shrugs, looks up, and gasps. An unidentified object is approaching the Planet Express tower at great speed.
Professor Farnsworth says: "The ship's escape pod!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "What happened up there, Johnny?"
Zoidberg says: "Aw!"
Zoidberg says: "Don't make me remember!"
Zoidberg says: "So horrible, it was."
Zoidberg screeches and falls down.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Amy, and Hermes are looking at Professor Farnsworth."
Amy says: "I thought you said he didn't have hair."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes, but something he saw on that mission traumatised 'im so severely, he grew hair!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Just so it could turn white!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Sadly, my brave crew was gone forever."
Professor Farnsworth begins crying. The camera zooms out, revealing Leela. Leela whimpers.
Leela says: "That poor, incompetent crew."
Leela says: "What do you think happened, Professor?"
Professor Farnsworth whimpers.
Professor Farnsworth says: "They were lost in the Bermuda Tetrahedron!"
Professor Farnsworth activates the holographic projector. The holographic projector shows a rotating tetrahedron. Professor Farnsworth points at it with his left hand. Bender, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, and Hermes gasp.
Leela says: "That's ridiculous."
Leela says: "The Bermuda Tetrahedron is just a myth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm glad you're so brave in the face of the unknown, Leela."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Bermuda Tetrahedron!"
Professor Farnsworth activates the holographic projector. The holographic projector shows the Bermuda Tetrahedron. Professor Farnsworth points at it with his left hand. Bender, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, and Hermes gasp. Leela stands up.
Leela says: "Or we could fly around it."
Leela charts a path resembling an omega around the Bermuda Tetrahedron.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Of course you could!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You'd be stupid not to."
Bender says: "Supposing we're not stupid, what kinda stupid mission is this?!"
Bender says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You'll be picking up a monument commemorating my lost crew."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Plus, a popsicle cart!"
Professor Farnsworth deactivates the holographic projector. Leela stands up and salutes.
Leela says: "You can count on us, Professor."
Leela says: "We'll get that monument here in time."
Leela crosses her arms.
Bender says: "Hooray!"
Amy says: "Woohoo!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Fry, Zoidberg, and Hermes cheer in an indistinct manner.
Leela says: "Or die trying."
Zoidberg says: "We're gonna try—"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Bender, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, and Hermes look scared.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "A planet resembling Earth is seen."
[Scene says: "XENOTAPH 3 appears on the screen."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies by the planet."
[Cut to says: "The surface of Xenotaph 3."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship has landed."
[Cut to says: "Several four-armed, green Aliens are carving statues."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to a statue with the figures of Candy, Lando Tucker, and Lifter and IN MEMORY OF THE 1st PLANET EXPRESS SHIP AND IT'S CREW on it, passing by Hermes, Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, Fry, and Leela, who are walking up to it."
[Cut to says: "A green Alien that is bigger than the other ones is by the statue."
Green Alien says: "'Ere you go."
Green Alien says: ""In memory of the 1st Planet Express ship and it's crew"."
Leela says: "Hang on."
Leela says: "It's shouldn't have an apostrophe."
Leela says: "This means and it is crew."
Leela says: "What the hell's wrong with you?!"
Leela says: "!"
Green Alien says: "It's a minor error, lady."
Green Alien says: "I mean, we're space Aliens."
Green Alien says: "It's a miracle we can even speak English."
Leela walks up to the green Alien.
Leela says: "The miracle is that I'm not kickin' your ass!"
Leela says: "I insist you recarve the entire statue correctly."
Leela crosses her arms. The green Alien raises his.
Green Alien says: "Okay."
Green Alien says: "Okay."
Green Alien says: "Hey, Charlie!"
Green Alien says: "Hack off another block of ivory!"
Another green Alien, who is next to an elephant in a cage, activates a lightsaber and chops something off with it. A tusk falls down in front of him. The elephant trumpets.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship, which is carrying the statue, leaves Xenotaph 3."
Amy says: "Well, the statue's perfect now."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela is at the wheel, Zoidberg and Fry are standing up, and Amy, Hermes, and Bender are sitting down."
[Cut to says: "Amy shrugs."
Amy says: "Too bad we won't make it back in time for the memorial service."
Amy shrugs.
<poem>Leela says: "We'll make it."
<poem>Leela says: "Or die trying."
Leela turns the wheel to her right. Fry falls down.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship turns to its right."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "An alarm goes off."
Leela says: "We're cutting through the Bermuda Tetrahedron."
Fry stands up.
Bender says: "Woo!"
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "The Bermuda Tetrahedron?"
Bender, Hermes, Fry, and Amy look scared and scream.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship approaches the Bermuda Tetrahedron."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Fry are looking scared."
[Cut to says: "Leela is focusing on her piloting."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to Zoidberg."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is sitting on the floor and looking scared."
Zoidberg says: "Aw..."
Zoidberg says: "I think I'm remembering that thing I forgot."
Zoidberg puts his claws around his head. The dials go in both directions. The camera zooms out, revealing Amy.
Amy says: "Uh-oh."
Amy says: "The dials are terrified!"
A wave of red light gradually fills the Planet Express ship.
Leela says: "Brace yourselves."
Leela says: "It's Tickle Me Elmo's fire!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship is surrounded by red sparks."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Bender laughs and complains as he is attacked by red sparks."
Bender says: "Ow."
The Planet Express ship makes it through the Bermuda Tetrahedron.
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "See?"
Leela says: "It was no big thing."
A large ship hits the Planet Express ship. Hermes, Bender, Leela, Amy, and Fry fall down. Fry and Leela stand up.
Hermes says: "What was that big thing?"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Bender, Fry, Amy, Leela, and Hermes walk up to the window and look out of it."
[Cut to says: "Several ships are drifting."
Fry says: "Why did we have to come 'ere at night?"
Hermes says: "Look at all these famous lost ships."
Hermes says: "And the TomTom."
Leela points to her left with her left hand.
Leela says: "Over there!"
Leela says: "It's the original Planet Express ship!"
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The ship from the first delivery of the first Planet Express crew is seen."
Amy says: "What caused all that damage?"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
Amy says: "Could it've been flavour-blasted?"
Amy shrugs.
Leela says: "We'd better investigate."
Leela says: "Everyone suit up!"
Leela folds her hands.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The first Planet Express ship and the current Planet Express ship have been connected through a wire."
[Cut to says: "Five crew members wearing space suits and helmets move from the current to the first."
[Cut to says: "The first Planet Express kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Amy, Bender, Fry, and Hermes enter."
[Cut to says: "All but Bender are wearing space suits and helmets."
Leela says: "Whatever happened here, that first crew left in a hurry."
Leela says: "The table is still set from McDonald's value dinner!"
Zoidberg, who is wearing a space suit and a helmet, enters.
Zoidberg says: "I remember."
Zoidberg says: "I remember!"
Zoidberg says: "I have closure."
Zoidberg's fin appears.
Amy says: "Hey, Zoidberg."
Amy says: "You're cockatieling."
Amy points at Zoidberg's fin. Zoidberg turns to his left.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no."
Zoidberg says: "What's happening?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Zoidberg looks up.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The first Planet Express ship and the current Planet Express ship are seen."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing a black hole."
[Cut to says: "A gigantic sperm whale emerges out of the black hole and whistles."
[Cut to says: "The first Planet Express ship kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Bender, Fry, Hermes, and Leela gasp."
[Cut to says: "The sperm whale passes by the window."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, right!"
Zoidberg says: "And there was a giant killer space whale."
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The space whale, the first Planet Express ship, the current Planet Express ship, and three other spaceships are seen."
[Scene says: "The space whale flies around the two Planet Express ships and faces Zoidberg, Amy, Bender, Leela, Fry, and Hermes through the window."
Bender says: "Holy crap!"
Bender says: "It's a giant space fish!"
Leela turns to Bender.
Leela says: "Actually, the space whale isn't a space fish."
Leela says: "It's a space mammal."
Bender turns to Leela.
Bender says: "Wow, interesting."
Bender says: "I'm both impressed and being eaten."
Bender crosses his arms. Zoidberg, Amy, Fry, and Hermes run away.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The space whale bites the first Planet Express ship."
[Cut to says: "Bender screams."
[Cut to says: "The first Planet Express ship kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Leela, Amy, Fry, Bender, and Zoidberg watch in horror."
[Cut to says: "All but Amy, who is sitting on the floor, are standing up."
[Cut to says: "Amy stands up."
[Cut to says: "All run away."
Hermes says: "Spacewalk, people!"
Hermes says: "Spacewalk for your lives!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Leela, Amy, Fry, Bender, and Zoidberg jump out of the first Planet Express ship just before the whale eats it whole."
Fry says: "Man, look at 'im go!"
Fry says: "Like a millionaire on a cocktail wiener."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Now stripped of their space equipment, Leela, Zoidberg, Amy, Fry, Bender, and Hermes enter and head for their places."
[Cut to says: "Leela pants and jumps to her chair."
Zoidberg says: "Woob."
Bender pants. Leela presses a button. An ignition sound is heard.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship flies away."
[Cut to says: "The space whale looks angry, goes after the Planet Express ship, and opens its mouth."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela turns the wheel to her right."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship flies below Oceanic Flight 815, above a UFO, and between other ships."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Bender scream."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela pulls the wheel back."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship flies below another ship."
[Cut to says: "The space whale dives into a black hole that has just appeared."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Zoidberg, Fry, and Hermes are looking scared."
[Cut to says: "Leela is focusing on her piloting."
Leela says: "I did it!"
Leela says: "I outran 'im!"
Amy, Fry, and Hermes sigh. Zoidberg's fin disappears.
Zoidberg says: "Relax, friends."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "Another black hole appears."
[Cut to says: "The space whale emerges out of it and whistles."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Hermes is typing at a computer, the screen of which shows the space whale."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg's fin appears."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg looks at it."
Zoidberg says: "Panic, jerks!"
Hermes gasps and stops typing.
Hermes says: "That's no ordinary space whale!"
Hermes says: "It's a four-dimensional space whale!"
Amy says: "Of course!"
Amy says: "And it only breaches into our 3-D universe to hunt and fill its lungs with vacuum!"
Leela says: "Whatever its beef is, our one mission now is to get that monument to Earth."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale eats the monument, damaging the ship."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg and Amy are on the floor and Hermes and Fry are leaning against machinery."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Bender, and Fry stand up."
[Cut to says: "Hermes leans back in his chair."
Leela says: "Correction: Our one mission now is to avenge the loss of that monument."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The engines of the Planet Express ship start, but the space whale eats them, leaving the ship to drift, and dives into another black hole that has just appeared."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "All but Bender are sitting down."
[Cut to says: "The lights go off."
Amy says: "Shmeesh!"
Amy says: "He gonked off the engines!"
Leela says: "That won't stop me!"
Leela says: "Raise the solar sails."
Leela says: "I'm goin' after that "Möbius Dick"."
Zoidberg, Amy, Fry, Bender, and Hermes protest. Zoidberg, Amy, Fry, and Hermes turn to Leela.
Hermes says: "You been hittin' the Red Stripe, woman!"
Leela turns to Hermes.
Leela says: "Comport yourself, Mr."
Leela says: "Conrad!"
Leela says: "When we're at space, the Captain's word is law."
Leela says: "I could marry you and Bender against your will if I wanted to."
Leela points at Hermes and Bender with her left hand. Hermes looks at Bender and gasps. Bender looks at Hermes. Hermes looks at Leela.
Hermes says: "You wouldn't dare!"
Bender crosses his arms and looks at Leela.
Bender says: "I've been married to worse."
Fry walks up to Leela and puts his left hand on her right shoulder.
Fry says: "Leela, I'm no doctor, but I'm afraid you be exhibiting symptoms of illin'."
Fry says: "You're risking all our lives for your own personal obsession."
Fry points at Leela with his right hand.
Leela says: "There's nothing personal about this!"
Leela says: "it's business!"
[Montage says: "Space."
[Montage says: "Bender, Zoidberg, Amy, and Fry are pulling ropes as Leela watches, raising three pillars, one of which grows a crow's nest."
[Montage says: "Leela looks and points to her right."
[Montage says: "Zoidberg hits a pedal with a hammer, making the solar sails appear."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Fry holds a button on a barrel with EMPEROR GROG'S SPACE GROG and a drawing of a space pirate on it, thus filling a beer mug, and releases it."
[Cut to says: "Hermes is sitting down and resting his feet on another barrel."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Fry, and Bender are standing up."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is sitting on the floor."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Amy, and Fry are holding beer mugs, Bender is holding an accordion, and Zoidberg is holding nothing."
[Cut to says: "A fourth beer mug has been spilt on the floor."
[Cut to says: "All are dancing."
[Cut to says: "Leela, who is holding a mop with her right hand, comes in and points down."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to the bottom of the Planet Express ship."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Amy, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Fry are scrubbing."
[Cut to says: "All but Bender are wearing space suits and helmets."
[Cut to says: "The Captain's quarters."
[Cut to says: "Several sea-related objects and a bed are there."
[Cut to says: "Leela looks at a map on the wall and puts a ship pin on it."
[Cut to says: "The ship pin sinks, making a hole in the Planet Express ship itself."
[Cut to says: "The objects are blown out into space through the hole."
[Cut to says: "Leela holds on to the bed in order to not be blown out as well."
[Cut to says: "Bender is pulled to the hole, filling it and saving Leela."
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship is still."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela is moving a compass around a map with her right hand."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is to her right."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out."
Leela says: "Maybe, if I move the compass like this, it will somehow kill the whale."
The door opens. The camera pans over to Amy, Hermes, Fry, and Bender, who have just entered. Amy and Bender look angry and Hermes and Fry look concerned. The door closes. Hermes crosses his arms.
Amy says: "Leela, we need to talk."
Amy says: "You've gone from crazy like a fox to crazy like Fox News!"
Leela has turned to her left.
Leela says: "Fear not the space behemoth."
Leela says: "In my dreams, I've peered beyond its eyes and into the cackling hell within us all."
Leela turns to her left.
Fry says: "Okay..."
Fry says: "That's a good point."
Bender says: "Fry's right!"
Bender says: "Let's kill the Captain and order some strippers!"
Bender says: "It's a mutiny led by Fry!"
Leela, who has turned back to her right, turns to her left.
Leela says: "That's enough insubordination, Mr."
Leela says: "Fry!"
Bender has walked up to Amy.
Bender says: "String 'im up!"
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship is navigating wildly through a storm."
[Scene says: "Bender, who is in the crow's nest, becomes seasick, pulls a paper tube out of his chest cabinet, unwinds it, leaving it empty, puts it in front of his head, and zooms in with his eyes, forming a monocular."
Bender says: "Things look bad enough without having to look closer at them."
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "Off in the distance!"
Bender says: "It's exhaling!"
Leela says: "Use boaty talk!"
Bender sighs and points at the four-dimensional space whale.
Bender says: "Thare she blows!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Scene says: "The four-dimensional space whale, which is seen through the window, whistles."
Leela says: "Alright."
Leela says: "Which of you space dogs has the guts and know-how to harpoon that whale?"
Amy says: "I spent a semester in Africa harpooning giraffes."
Amy says: "And giraffes are basically just land space whales."
Leela nods.
Leela says: "Miss Wong, you have the 'poon."
Leela hands Amy a speargun.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "Amy, who is wearing a space suit and a helmet, cocks the speargun and aims at the four-dimensional space whale."
[Scene says: "Giraffes are heard running."
Amy says: "Oh, God!"
Amy says: "I'm having a Serengeti flashback!"
Amy says: "Die, you dirty giraffe!"
Amy shoots. The four-dimensional space whale whistles and starts flying very fast. The harpoon rope begins being pulled.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Leela, Fry, Zoidberg, and Bender are looking in the same direction."
[Cut to says: "Amy enters, still wearing her space suit and helmet."
Amy says: "Well, I got it."
Amy says: "Now what, Captain?"
Leela says: "You know, I'm not sure."
Leela says: "I guess I thought whales died when you harpooned them."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The harpoon rope is fully pulled and the Planet Express ship begins being pulled too."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela starts flying and screams."
[Cut to says: "Bender flies against the wall and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Amy flies against Bender and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Fry flies against Amy and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Bender disappears."
[Cut to says: "Hermes flies against Fry and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg flies against Hermes and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Leela flies against Zoidberg and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Bender flies against Leela and grunts."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale pulls the Planet Express ship around."
Leela says: "Don't worry."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, Fry, and Amy, who are squatting, stand up."
Leela says: "I'll drop the anchor."
Leela presses a button on her chair with her left hand. An anchor flies against Leela, making her fly against Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, Fry, and Amy. Leela, Amy, and Fry grunt.
Zoidberg says: "Ouch."
The four-dimensional space whale whistles. A black hole appears. Hermes points forward with his left hand.
Hermes says: "She's diving into the fourth dimension!"
Amy says: "We have to cut the rope!"
Leela says: "Negative, Sailor Moon."
Leela says: "We're goin' for a sleigh ride."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale dives into the black hole, making the Planet Express ship do the same."
[Cut to says: "The black hole disappears."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale, which is seen through the window, flies between coloured backgrounds."
[Cut to says: "A duplicated Hermes hovers from one side to the other."
Hermes says: "I can see sideways in time."
Hermes says the same thing backwards. A duplicated Amy hovers and rotates to the left.
Amy says: "Gee, I see CGI."
Amy says: "IGC ees I, eej."
A duplicated Fry hovers upside-down.
Fry says: "Poop!"
Fry says: "Poop!"
A duplicated Bender looks up.
Bender says: "Aw, yeah."
Bender says: "Bender!"
Bender says: "Bender!"
Bender says: "Bender!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "A black hole appears."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale and the Planet Express ship emerge out of it."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale whistles."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Bender unduplicates."
Bender says: "Aw."
Bender says: "That was the greatest uncountably infinite bunch of guys I ever met."
Amy says: "Look out!"
Amy says: "It's pulling us through a field of spacebergs!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express is being pulled through a field of giant diamonds."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale, which is seen through the window, whistles."
[Cut to says: "One of the spacebergs hits the window."
[Cut to says: "Bender turns to his left and crosses his arms."
Bender says: "Stupid rocks!"
Bender says: "Think they're so great!"
Amy turns to Bender.
Amy says: "Well, they are giant diamonds."
Bender's head rolls around. His pupils do the same, turning into lozenges.
Bender says: "What?!"
Bender says: "!"
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "Bender, who is on the crow's nest, giggles, grabs a net from the floor, and holds it up."
Bender says: "Come to papa!"
One of the spacebergs hits Bender. Bender's head and arms are separated from the rest of his body. Bender screams.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Two cameras are showing the rest of Bender's body on the crow's nest."
[Cut to says: "Fry is looking at one of them and turns to Leela."
Fry says: "A lotta Bender fell outta the crow's nest!"
Fry says: "We need to cut the line!"
Leela says: "Enough of your mad obsession with Bender, Fry!"
Leela says: "We've got to murder that whale or die trying."
Hermes says: "This has gone too far!"
Hermes says: "Bender's one of Planet Express' most expensive appliances!"
Hermes says: "And he's in trouble!"
Leela says: "That's it!"
Leela says: "I warned you."
Leela says: "Fry, Zoidberg, I now pronounce you man and—"
Fry and Hermes jump at Leela.
Zoidberg says: "Aw!"
Zoidberg says: "So close."
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale is pulling the Planet Express ship with fury."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, who is wearing a space suit and a helmet, cuts the harpoon rope with his right claw and waves with his left claw."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship is still."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Amy, Fry, and Bender are watching the four-dimensional space whale through the window."
[Cut to says: "The four-dimensional space whale whistles."
[Cut to says: "Bender puts his head on his torso with both his hands and whirls it around until it is properly attached."
[Cut to says: "Hermes is sitting on top of Leela."
Leela says: "Unsit me, Mr."
Leela says: "Conrad."
Leela says: "We can't let the whale win!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Leela says: "You do know I'm stabbing at thee, right?"
The four-dimensional space whale opens its mouth. Leela screams as she falls in it. The four-dimensional closes its mouth, whistles, and dives into a black hole that has just appeared. The black hole disappears. An escape pod descends. Zoidberg, who is seen through the window, grows unkempt, brown hair, which turns white.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is looking up in the Planet Express tower balcony, sighs and looks down."
[Scene says: "A noise is heard."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth looks up."
[Scene says: "An escape pod is approaching the Planet Express tower at great speed."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth takes a step back just as the escape pod crashes into the wall."
[Scene says: "The escape pod opens."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg emerges, screams, and turns to Professor Farnsworth."
Zoidberg says: "Hello."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth cuts the hair on the left side of Zoidberg's head with scissors on his left hand."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Think, Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You must remember something!"
Professor Farnsworth puts both his hands on Zoidberg's shoulders. Zoidberg is sitting on a chair.
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "Nothing!"
Zoidberg says: "For all I know, our friends could've been eaten by some kind of crazy space whale!"
Professor Farnsworth gets to the back of the chair, pulls the scissors out of his jacket with his right hand, cuts the hair on the right side of Zoidberg's head, hits a table with his left hand, and puts the scissors on his right hand on it.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Damn that Bermuda Tetrahedron!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's taken my latest crew just as it took my first one!"
Professor Farnsworth shaves Zoidberg's head.
Zoidberg says: "Not to mention those single socks from the dryer."
Zoidberg says: "Am I right?"
Professor Farnsworth hits Zoidberg.
Professor Farnsworth says: "And, with no stone monument, they may well demand that I refund their admission fees."
Professor Farnsworth begins crying. Zoidberg stands up, begins crying as well, walks up to Professor Farnsworth, and hugs him.
[Scene says: "Inside the four-dimensional space whale."
[Scene says: "Leela opens her eye."
[Scene says: "Fry, Hermes, Amy, and Bender are there as well."
[Scene says: "Leela is lying down and Fry is sitting down."
[Scene says: "All the others are standing up."
[Scene says: "Leela's jacket and helmet are on the floor."
[Scene says: "Leela stands up."
Leela says: "Where are we?"
<poem>Hermes says: "In the belly of the beast."
Fry stands up.
Fry says: "Like that Bible guy who got swallowed by the whale!"
Fry says: "Pinocchio!"
Amy says: "This is all Obsessy Bessy's fault!"
Amy points at Leela and crosses her arms.
Bender says: "Right on, sister."
Bender says: "We should be back at Planet Express right now."
Bender says: "Hiding from work in the ceiling."
Bender says: "But no!"
Bender raises his arms.
Leela says: "For the last time, I'm not obsessed."
Leela says: "I just want this whale to die, die, die!"
Leela stabs the floor three times. The four-dimensional space whale begins trembling.
Hermes says: "Uh-oh."
Hermes says: "What's that loud digesting sound?"
Leela stands up. A hole is made in the wall, revealing a colon resembling a Möbius strip.
Fry says: "Holy crap!"
Fry says: "Four-dimensional bowels!"
Amy steps forward.
Amy says: "Einstein was right."
A wave attacks Hermes, Amy, Bender, and Fry, leaving only Leela behind. Two men wearing space suits and helmets, Amy, Bender, Hermes, Fry, Lifter, Candy, and the statue commemorating the first Planet Express crew pass through. Leela steps forward and puts both her hands on a transparent wall. Amy and Fry pass through again.
Leela says: "Why?!"
Leela says: "!"
Leela says: "Also, what and how?!"
Leela says: "!"
Male voice says: "The great fish has chosen you for a higher purpose."
Leela says: "It's a great mammal!"
Leela says: "Who said that?"
Leela gasps. The camera pans over to a deformed man whose flesh has melded with that of the four-dimensional space whale. Leela walks up to the man.
Deformed man says: "I was once Lando Tucker, captain of the first Planet Express ship."
Leela says: "Ew!"
Leela says: "I'm Turanga Leela, captain of the current Planet Express ship."
Leela says: "What's going on?"
Lando Tucker says: "It's very simple."
Lando Tucker says: "Well, actually, it's very complicated."
Lando Tucker says: "Luckily, I'm here to explain it."
Lando Tucker says: "You see..."
Lando Tucker says: "This space whale feeds on..."
Lando Tucker says: "Obsession!"
Leela has crossed her arms.
Leela says: "Wow."
Leela says: "Are you gross-looking."
Leela says: "Go on."
Lando Tucker says: "The great space serpent—"
Leela says: "Mammal."
Lando Tucker says: "Figured out long ago that no one's more obsessed than space captains."
Four tentacles approach Leela. One grabs her left arm and another grabs her right leg.
Leela says: "Oh!"
Leela says: "Get away!"
Lando Tucker says: "The whale's nearly sucked me dry."
Lando Tucker says: "It'll need a new source of obsession once I'm gone."
Leela says: "How many times do I have to tell other people?"
Leela says: "I'm not obsessed!"
Lando Tucker says: "The whale is obsession, Leela!"
Lando Tucker says: "And you are the whale!"
Leela says: "See?"
Leela screams. The four-dimensional space whale whistles and exhales a Julia set as it flies slowly.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "A sign reading PLANET EXPRESS: 50 YEARS OF GRIEVING is hanging down."
[Cut to says: "A podium and six sets of black balloons are seen."
[Cut to says: "There are several chairs as well."
[Cut to says: "An old man, and old lady, LaBarbara, Dwight, Leo, Inez, Morris, Munda, and Zoidberg are sitting down."
[Cut to says: "The old lady is crying."
Old lady says: "Fifty years, Junior!"
Old lady says: "Fifty years of grippling sorrow!"
The old man comforts the old woman. The camera zooms out, revealing the paper-hatted salesman. The paper-hatted salesman, who is holding a popsicle with his right hand and a box with more popsicles with his left hand, walks in front of the chairs.
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Popsicles here."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Can't mourn the dead without a popsicle."
The paper-hatted salesman stops walking.
Leo says: "You think a popsicle gonna bring my daughter back?!"
Leo says: "!"
Paper-hatted salesman says: "No, sir."
Leo laughs and points at the paper-hatted salesman with his left hand.
Leo says: "You just talked yourself out of a sale."
Leo leans back in his chair. Inez begins crying.
Inez says: "Poor Amy!"
Inez says: "My days of joy and luck are over!"
Inez says: "Guess I gotta quit that club."
The camera pans over to Morris and Munda. Munda is holding Morris.
Morris says: "I can't believe our Leela's gone!"
Morris buries his face in his hands.
Munda says: "You always think you're gonna disappear in space before your children."
Professor Farnsworth walks up to the podium.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Welcome, everyone."
Professor Farnsworth says: "What a pleasure to see so many miserable faces."
Zoidberg says: "Mmm!"
Zoidberg says: "Lemony!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I had intended to unveil a beautiful stone memorial today."
Professor Farnsworth says: "But, due to the recent tragedy, I humbly ask you to join me in a simple prayer."
Professor Farnsworth folds his hands.
Munda says: "Boo!"
Morris says: "Boo!"
Inez says: "Boo!"
Leo says: "Boo!"
Dwight says: "Boo!"
LaBarbara says: "Boo!"
Professor Farnsworth has unfolded his hands and is touching the podium.
Professor Farnsworth says: "No refunds!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, mighty Isis—"
Zoidberg's fin appears. Zoidberg puts his popsicle away.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no!"
Zoidberg says: "My deal is doing the thing!"
All look up. A black hole appears. The four-dimensional space whale emerges out of it.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Good Lord!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's some kind of inter-dimensional space whale!"
Professor Farnsworth shrugs.
Zoidberg says: "I just remembered."
Zoidberg says: "Oy!"
Zoidberg says: "Now with the horror hair."
The four-dimensional space whale whistles as it approaches the Planet Express headquarters. The old man, the old lady, Dwight, LaBarbara, Leo, Inez, Zoidberg, Munda, Morris, the paper-hatted salesman, and Professor Farnsworth scream and run away. The four-dimensional space whale falls in the Planet Express hangar, breaking one of the walls. The four-dimensional space whale's mouth opens and exudes light. The four-dimensional space whale whistles deeply. The old lady, Zoidberg, Morris, Munda, Leo, Inez, LaBarbara, and Professor Farnsworth are stunned. Something begins coming out of the four-dimensional space whale's mouth. Scruffy is now present as well. All but Scruffy and the paper-hatted salesman gasp. The paper-hatted salesman walks in front of them.
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Popsicles!"
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Fill your gapin' mouth with a popsicle!"
Leela comes out of the four-dimensional space whale's mouth covered with several tentacles and with her hands in the air.
Munda says: "Is that how you and your friends are dressing now?!"
Munda says: "!"
The light disappears. Leela puts her hands down.
Leela says: "Hello, everyone."
Leela says: "I suppose you're wonderin' why my flesh has melded with that of a giant space whale."
Professor Farnsworth points at himself with his left hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'll admit to a polite interest."
Leela says: "At first, I was consumed by a dark obsession to kill the whale."
Leela says: "Then I was consumed by the whale."
Zoidberg has crossed his arms.
Zoidberg says: "That sounds clever, but it doesn't explain much."
Zoidberg shrugs.
Leela says: "Shut up, Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "Okay."
Leela says: "You see, beneath my obsession lay an even deeper obsession."
Leela says: "An obsession so strong, it allowed me to overpower the beast's will and pilot it through space and time."
Leela says: "An obsession..."
Leela says: "With completing my  delivery!"
Leela puts both her hands on her head. Leela's head projects rays, which run through the tentacles and into the four-dimensional space whale. The four-dimensional space whale whistles. The statue commemorating the first Planet Express crew is thrown out of the four-dimensional space whale through its blowhole. The paper-hatted salesman walks in front of the old man, the old lady, Zoidberg, Morris, Munda, Scruffy, Leo, Inez, LaBarbara, Dwight, and Professor Farnsworth.
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Get your—"
The paper-hatted salesman grunts as the statue falls on top of him. All but Scruffy and Leela, who is off camera, cheer. The old lady whimpers and walks up to the statue.
Old lady says: "This is just how I want to remember him."
Leela walks up to the old lady.
Leela says: "Too bad!"
Leela says: "'Cause he's still alive!"
Leela points forward with her right hand. Lando Tucker, too, comes out of the four-dimensional space whale's mouth covered with several tentacles.
Old lady says: "Lando?"
The old man walks up to the old lady. Lando Tucker walks up to them.
Lando Tucker says: "Told you I'd be back."
Lando Tucker says: "You've grown, Junior."
Old man says: "I'm sixty-one."
Inez says: "I dunno him!"
Inez says: "What else you got?!"
Inez says: "!"
Leela closes her eyes and folds her hands. Leela's head projects rays again. A blond man, three men in space suits and helmets, Hermes, Bender, the Fourth Doctor from Doctor Who, Amy, Fry, Candy, and Lifter come out of the four-dimensional space whale's mouth. Hermes limbos his way out. Zoidberg, Morris, Munda, Leo, Scruffy, and LaBarbara are stunned. Inez and Dwight are smiling. Candy walks up to Professor Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "They haven't aged a day!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The whale must have some kind of Möbius colon that endlessly recycles time and space!"
Scruffy says: "Yup."
Scruffy says: "That stands up to scrutiny."
Scruffy shrugs. Leela gets rid of the tentacles as she walks up to Munda and Morris.
Leela says: "I should've listened to my crew."
Leela says: "It was the obsession of me and others like me that made it into a monster."
Lando Tucker says: "Mainly you."
All but Lifter, Lando Tucker, and Leela, who is off camera, nod.
Leela says: "On the other hand, the stupid fish did eat us."
Leela says: "You guys wanna do this?"
Leela turns to the four-dimensional space whale and lifts up her knife with her left hand.
Amy says: "Yeah!"
All but Zoidberg and Candy lift up weapons of their own and run towards the four-dimensional space whale.
Fry says: "You know it!"
Candy turns to Zoidberg and walks up to him.
Candy says: "So, Johnny, are we gonna pick up where we left off?"
Zoidberg lifts up a comb with his right hand and passes it through his unkempt, brown hair, making it resemble that of Fonzie from Happy Days.
Zoidberg says: "Eh!"
Closing Credits.