[Opening Credits. Caption says: "PROVIDES A FULL DAY'S SUPPLY OF VITAMIN F!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Bender, Amy, and Zoidberg are seated at the conference table and Hermes is standing up."
Hermes says: "Well, we're bankrupt in six, five..."
[Cut to says: "The Professor running."
Back to scene.
Hermes says: "Four, three..."
[Cut to says: "The Professor running."
Back to scene.
Hermes says: "Two, one."
Hermes says: "And we're out of business."
The Professor enters in an eight-legged segway, explaining his ability to run.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Good news!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "We're back in business."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We've been hired to deliver an envelope."
Leela says: "It's crunch time."
Leela says: "Let's do this."
Leela says: "It's for you, Professor."
Leela gives it back to the Professor.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Great delivery, everyone."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're the finest crew I've had the honour to work with."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, my."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We're being foreclosed upon."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're all terrible and incompetent!"
Amy says: "I resent that!"
Amy's suit falls on the Professor, making him fall as well.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "The Professor, Amy, Leela, Hermes, Zoidberg, Scruffy, Bender, and Fry."
[Scene says: "All are standing up, except for Amy, Leela, and Zoidberg."
[Scene says: "Hermes reads a set of paper sheets."
Hermes says: "Wait."
Hermes says: "I found a loophole in the mortgage."
Hermes says: "If we actually pay it, we can keep the building."
Hermes says: "We just need..."
Hermes says: "Eleven million dollars."
Bender says: "And..."
Bender says: "Boned!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Aw."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I suppose there's nothing left to do but move out."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Leela, Amy, pack us a lunch for our new lives under the bridge while us men reminisce and smoke some stogies."
The men sound excited as Bender reveals the cigars, which are held in his hand.
Leela says: "We are not packing lunches, you walking beer commercials."
Leela says: "It was you men who drove this company into the ground."
Leela says: "Remember Fry's idea to offer free delivery?"
Fry is smoking.
Fry says: "It got us a lot of customers!"
Leela says: "We're a delivery company!"
Amy says: "If you wanna save this company, you should listen to a woman's idea for once."
Hermes is smoking.
Hermes says: "Okay."
Hermes says: "What you got?"
Leela says: "An airline!"
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Amy says: "Wait, what?"
Leela says: "We should become a commercial airline."
Leela says: "I mean, we've got a ship, and teleporters won't be invented for another fifteen years, according to that guy from the future."
Amy says: "Wow!"
Amy says: "That's actually a really good idea for a woman!"
The Professor is smoking.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Puff!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "What else you ladies got?"
Bender says: "Girls-of-Planet-Express calendar!"
Fry says: "Girly calendar?"
Fry says: "Great idea, Amy!"
Hermes says: "Okay, then."
Hermes says: "Leela, Amy, come to work topless tomorrow."
Leela says: "Forget it!"
Leela says: "I promised myself I wouldn't pose naked until I was married."
Hermes says: "Sorry."
Hermes says: "It's in your contract."
Hermes says: ""All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Leela says: "That's discriminatory!"
Hermes says: "No, it's in all our contracts."
Hermes says: "Here's mine."
Hermes says: ""All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Fry says: "Sounds fun."
Everyone agrees. Bender is smoking.
Bender says: "Back to work, Hermes!"
Scruffy is smoking.
Scruffy says: "Now that's what I call fine print."
Amy says: "Okay, but good luck making a girly calendar with only two female employees."
Hermes hums.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
[Scene says: "Below the ship, LaBarbara is seated at a table that Hermes is leaning against."
LaBarbara says: "Oh, husband!"
LaBarbara says: "I'm so excited about this new job."
Hermes says: "And it's excited about you, LaBarbara."
Hermes says: "First order of business is to put on your uniform and take your ID photo."
Hermes reveals a bikini and a cap which that are coloured in green and red and show a very simple representation of the Planet Express logo.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender, the Professor, and Hermes are preparing a photo shoot for LaBarbara, Amy and Leela, dressed in sexy costumes and seemingly not liking the situation."
[Scene says: "Amy is naked under a lab coat, bunned-up hair and thick glasses, LaBarbara is dressed in her uniform, and Leela is in an astronaut costume."
Leela says: "Look, I agree that it makes space walking more comfortable, but, for a photo shoot, it's a little..."
Leela says: "Unsavoury."
Leela says: "Over."
Bender says: "Time is money, peaches."
Bender says: "Now shut your com link and make love to the camera."
Bender says: "And remember: I'm the camera."
Bender says: "Stop actually washin' and play with the sponges!"
Leela says: "But the ship is dirty."
Bender says: "Uh, whatever."
Bender says: "I ran out of film an hour ago."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Hermes, LaBarbara, Amy, and Leela are seated at the conference table, the Professor and Bender are standing up, and Fry is leaning against the lable."
[Scene says: "The Professor examines the photographs with a magnifying glass."
Professor Farnsworth says: "No, no."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This won't do."
Professor Farnsworth says: "A three-month calendar?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "What is this, Mercury?"
Amy says: "I told you it wouldn't work."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Well, you should've talked louder."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fortunately, I came up with a brilliant idea to save Planet Express."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We'll turn it into a commercial airline!"
Leela says: "But that was my idea!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Then you should've talked louder."
Professor Farnsworth says: "What?"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "Bender pulls a Planet Express ship dressed as an airplane out of the building while Scruffy sweeps it."
[Scene says: "The ship bears the logo PLAN AM."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane hall."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Amy, and LaBarbara are working."
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "It was hard work, but it beats posing in demeaning, skimpy modelling outfits."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ladies, here are your demeaning, skimpy stewardess outfits."
The Professor reveals three blue outfits and the girls sigh.
Back to scene. A sign with the Plan Am logo reads WE HAVE TO MAKE MONEY AND IT SHOWS. Another sign reads GATE K. An escalator, which is being used by April, gives access to the ship. At its end, Bender acts as a baggage screen for a line consisting of Hattie, Dr. Cahill, Victor, Sal, and Petunia, beeping. His beeping suddenly intensifies.
Bender says: "Sorry, ma'am."
Bender says: "I'll have to confiscate your artificial knee cap."
Hattie says: "Okay, here you go."
Hattie kicks Bender, shocking Dr. Cahill, Victor, and Sal.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane hall."
[Cut to says: "The passengers are seated, Leela is serving beer, and Amy collects a napkin."
Fry says: "Ladies and gentlemen, this is the plane's president speaking."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, who is apparently the co-pilot, and the Professor are present."
Fry says: "We are cleared for takeoff."
Leela bursts in the cockpit.
Leela says: "You put Goofus and Ganja in charge?"
Leela says: "I'm the only trained pilot here."
The Professor laughs.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Please, Leela."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Who ever heard of a plane with a woman president?"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane hall."
[Cut to says: "Bender is addressing the passengers."
Bender says: "Welcome to Plan Am Flight 1 to Acapulsar."
Bender says: "The local time on Acapulsar is five years from now."
Bender says: "In the event of a wormhole sendin' us back in time, do not kill your parents."
Bender says: "If you who are travelling with small children, help them not to kill you before not killin' your own parents."
Bender says: "Now please turn off all electronic devices."
Bender turns himself off.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane cockpit."
Fry says: "Uh, preparing for takeoff."
Hermes presses the AUTOPILOT button and the plane takes off, overflying a falafel store and ripping off its roof. The man inside is visibly angry.
Man says: "I kill you, my friend!"
The man is hit by a bag that fell from the plane, screams, and falls down.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The plane leaves Earth."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane hall."
LaBarbara says: "Now sit back and endure our in-flight entertainment."
A screen is lowered from the ceiling. Zoidberg bursts through it.
Zoidberg says: "So what's the deal with airline food, hmm?"
Zoidberg says: "They offer you two choices, but they're always outta one."
Zoidberg says: "Uh, by the way, we're outta both choices."
The passengers boo.
Petunia says: "Shut up and put on four episodes of Da Office."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express plane galley."
[Scene says: "Bender opens a pink refrigerator labelled Amana."
Amana says: "Ooh, your hands are warm..."
Amana says: "For a Robot."
Bender says: "Thanks, baby."
Bender says: "I don't know what you're doing back here in the galley, 'cause you got a first-class C."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express plane cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela enters."
Leela says: "Captain, we were supposed to land two days ago."
Leela says: "Is everything—"
Leela says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Are we at the fair yet, Mommy?"
Leela says: "We're not at the any place!"
Leela says: "And we're out of fuel!"
Amy says: "Attention, passengers."
Amy says: "Please remain seated until the plane comes to a complete crash."
Everyone screams.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Perhaps we should reconsider the girly calendar."
[Scene says: "Desertic planet, day."
Leela says: "Flight-attendance log."
Leela says: "We've crashed near a river of mercury on a lifeless, mineral world."
Leela says: "Supplies are low."
Leela says: "Cannibalism, imminent."
Leela says: "Radio, busted."
Leela says: "Our one hope is to form a society."
Hermes says: "Okay, then."
Hermes says: "Men, let's get hunting."
Hermes says: "The women folk can cook what we catch."
The man cheer.
LaBarbara says: "No one put you in charge, husband."
LaBarbara says: "I'm the only one here who ever ran a society."
Hermes says: "Roller derby is not a society!"
LaBarbara says: "Well, let's put it to a vote, then."
LaBarbara says: "All in favour of the jamooca thunderclap?"
LaBarbara says: "That would be me."
The women cheer.
Hermes says: "Practically no one."
Hermes says: "All in favour of me?"
The men cheer.
Dr. Cahill says: "Eight to eight."
Dr. Cahill says: "It's a tie."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We can't trust a woman's math!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Count again!"
They all begin arguing.
Big rock Alien says: "Greetings, soft ones."
Big rock Alien says: "Who among you is your leader?"
Men says: "He is!"
Women says: "She is!"
Big rock Alien says: "Curious."
Big rock Alien says: "You're a diarchic society?"
Hermes says: "Um, maybe."
Hermes says: "But, whatever we are, I'm the leader of it."
LaBarbara says: "Leader?"
LaBarbara says: "Fat man, you couldn't even run a bath."
LaBarbara says: "Well, you sure can run something: Your mouth!"
They all begin arguing once again.
Big rock Alien says: "Silence!"
Big rock Alien says: "Even a young pebble could see your race is divided based on the configuration of your twenty-third chromosome."
Dr. Cahill is now shown to be part of the Earthican group as well.
Amy says: "You mean, "along gender lines"?"
Big rock Alien says: "Gender?"
Sal says: "Yes."
Sal says: "You knows, guyses, galses..."
Sal says: "In that order."
Sal says: "Ows!"
Big rock Alien says: "I am not familiar with this concept of gender."
Big rock Alien says: "My species has only a single gender, known as nuchacho."
Zoidberg says: "Interesting."
Zoidberg says: "Come on, men!"
Zoidberg says: "Let's kill him!"
Zoidberg, Bender, Fry, Hermes, Victor, Scruffy, Sal, and the Professor run towards the rock Alien and cheer, but are stopped by a pink fridge. The Alien goes back to addressing the group. Hattie, the Professor, and Victor are also shown to be listening this time.
Big rock Alien says: "Your genders differ in many ways, but, as with all things that are different, chocolate and vanilla, Mac and PC, one is always clearly better."
Bender says: "Chocolate, Mac, men."
Bender says: "The end."
Big rock Alien says: "Well, I've got nothing to do for the next eight million years."
Big rock Alien says: "Therefore, I will administer a series of tests to determine the superior gender."
Big rock Alien says: "Test number one: Who can drink the most sulfur?"
Big rock Alien says: "Test inconclusive."
Big rock Alien says: "Test number two: Who can drink the most arsenic?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Just ask us some damn questions."
Big rock Alien says: "Very well."
Big rock Alien says: "Which is larger?"
Big rock Alien says: "An Italian size four or an American apparel medium?"
Big rock Alien says: "Test complete."
Big rock Alien says: "What is the score?"
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "Men, five."
Bender says: "Women, less."
Amana says: "Hey!"
Amana says: "He's lying."
Big rock Alien says: "Obviously."
Big rock Alien says: "That was a test to see who could lie better."
Big rock Alien says: "The men win that round."
The men cheer.
Professor Farnsworth says: "In your face, decumbent urinators."
They begin arguing yet a third time, but are separated by the pink fridge.
Big rock Alien says: "So far, I have learned nothing, but that's probably as much my fault as yours."
Big rock Alien says: "The time has come for the final test."
Fry says: "Uh, we usually call it the lightning round."
Big rock Alien says: "As you may have noticed, it's getting hotter here."
The women agree.
Leela says: "It's nice."
The men agree.
Fry says: "It's too hot."
Zoidberg says: "Would one of you chicks change the thermostat?"
Big rock Alien says: "Tomorrow morning, this planet makes its closest pass to the sun."
Big rock Alien says: "You will all be boiled alive like retired circus animals."
Big rock Alien says: "Unless you somehow can cross the Great Alkali Plains and reach shelter in the Cave of Harmony."
Fry says: "That sounds hard."
Big rock Alien says: "Which ever gender reaches the cave will survive and may the inferior gender burst into something."
Big rock Alien says: "Flames, I guess."
[Scene says: "Gypsum desert."
Hermes says: "Uh-oh."
Hermes says: "I think we're walking in circles."
Hermes says: "I recognise the pattern of striations on that gypsum formation."
Fry says: "Also, my shoe that fell off."
Bender says: "Oh, God."
Bender says: "We're all gonna die in agony."
Small rock Alien says: "Howdy there."
Small rock Alien says: "You fellows need some directions?"
Bender says: "No, we're fine."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Beat it."
Fry says: "Don't worry about it."
[Scene says: "Pillar desert."
LaBarbara says: "Keep it up, sistren."
LaBarbara says: "Only a few more miles to the cave."
LaBarbara says: "Let's just buckle down and—"
Amy says: "Look!"
Amy says: "A clearance sale!"
LaBarbara says: "What?!"
LaBarbara says: "!"
LaBarbara says: "Where?"
[Scene says: "Crystal desert, night."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
LaBarbara says: "I can't believe that sale was just a mirage."
LaBarbara says: "Now we're going to die without so much as a factory second-clutch purse to show for it."
Amy says: "It would've been nice to shop at Tommy Hilfiger one last time."
Hattie says: "It wasn't Tommy Hilfi-gigger."
Hattie says: "It was Linens 'n Things!"
Petunia says: "The hell it was!"
Petunia says: "It was a Juicy Couture!"
Leela says: "I guess we all saw what we wanted to see."
[Scene says: "Crystal desert."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
Hermes says: "We can't make it tonight."
Hermes says: "We'll set up camp here by this shoe."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, gentlemen."
Professor Farnsworth says: "When that sun rises in the morning, we're toast."
Professor Farnsworth says: "These are our last moments together."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So, if anyone's got any good fart jokes, now would be the time."
[Scene says: "Crystal desert."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
Amy says: "It's a schmundered degrees and all we have to drink are non-diet sodas."
The women sigh and complain.
Petunia says: "It's gonna ruin ma figger."
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "I forgot that Amana here is a refrigerator."
Leela says: "If we could supercharge her freon with a gas compressor, we might survive the heat and make it to the cave."
Amana says: "Hey, yeah!"
Amana says: "But the only gas compressor on this planet is inside Bender's ass."
Dr. Cahill says: "Was that a fart joke?"
Dr. Cahill says: "Because I don't find those amusing."
LaBarbara says: "No one does!"
LaBarbara says: "Nevertheless, Bender's gas blaster may be our only hope."
[Scene says: "Men camp."
[Scene says: "Time lapse."
[Scene says: "The men are sleeping."
[Scene says: "LaBarbara sneaks in and steals Bender's gas compressor."
[Cut to says: "Crystal mountain."
[Cut to says: "LaBarbara is climbing."
[Cut to says: "When she finally reaches the top, she encounters Hermes, who has also just arrived."
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Hermes says: "Wife?"
Hermes says: "What are you doin' with Bender's shiny metal, gas compressor?"
LaBarbara says: "None of your Biz Markie."
LaBarbara says: "Wait a second."
LaBarbara says: "What's that do wah in your ditty bag?"
Hermes says: "Okay..."
Hermes says: "So we were hot."
Hermes says: "I stole Amana's freon coil so we could hook it up to Bender's ass and build a cooler."
LaBarbara gasps.
LaBarbara says: "You are no better than me, ya shifty tree skink!"
LaBarbara says: "How do you live with yourself?"
Hermes says: "Damn it, woman!"
Hermes says: "You are makin' me highly Selassie."
LaBarbara says: "Don't you talk to me that way, you big, hairy Belafonte!"
Hermes and LaBarbara begin making out.
[Scene says: "Crystal mountain top, morning."
Hermes says: "Oh..."
Hermes says: "You cookin' me back bacon."
Hermes says: "Thank you, woman."
LaBarbara says: "That's not back bacon!"
LaBarbara says: "That's your back bakin'!"
Hermes says: "Oh, no!"
Hermes says: "We overslept."
Amy says: "The mercury's boiling!"
The women cough.
Petunia says: "Can't breathe..."
Petunia says: "Lungs burnin'..."
Petunia lights a cigarette.
[Cut to says: "Cave."
Fry says: "My lucky shoe!"
Bender says: "Goodbye, cruel me!"
Bender says: "I learned that from a movie."
Big rock Alien says: "I find both genders supremely disappointing."
Big rock Alien says: "The real reason I administered this bizarre, outer-space test was to teach you to work together!"
Big rock Alien says: "But you couldn't."
Big rock Alien says: "Thanks to you, I lost my bet with the Borax Kid."
Fry says: "Never bet against me being stupid."
Big rock Alien says: "Enough!"
Big rock Alien says: "Your gender differences have kept you from achieving harmony."
Big rock Alien says: "There is only one way to resolve this conflict."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "Why didn't that hurt?"
Fry says: "My wing-wang's gone!"
Leela says: "My girls!"
Bender says: "My antenna!"
Hattie says: "My kajigger!"
Zoidberg says: "My gonopores!"
Zoidberg says: "Look it up."
Big rock Alien says: "I have freed you from the tyranny of gender."
Big rock Alien says: "Now go in peace."
Big rock Alien says: "Or actually stay here."
Big rock Alien says: "I'll go in peace."
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "Men and women rest below the plane."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Good news, nuchachos!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The ship is nearly repaired."
Sal says: "Work goes fasters withouts no secondary sex characteristicses at which to hoot."
Sal says: "Now who wants to sing some Christopher Cross songs?"
Everyone sounds excited.
LaBarbara says: "I do!"
[Scene says: "Desert, night."
[Scene says: "Fry finishes working on a hammock and Leela and Amy appear."
Fry says: "Look, associates."
Fry says: "I made a hammock from our clothing."
Leela says: "How industrious!"
Amy says: "Do you mind if we sleep with you?"
Fry says: "I have no opinion."
Fry says: "Well, good night."
[Scene says: "Crystal mountain top."
[Scene says: "Hermes and LaBarbara are present."
Hermes says: "Everyone got along so well today."
LaBarbara says: "Yes."
LaBarbara says: "This place is like a neutered utopia."
LaBarbara says: "A neutopia!"
Hermes laughs.
Hermes says: "I enjoy humour when no one gets hurt."
LaBarbara says: "Your companionship is inoffensive, Hermes."
Hermes says: "Likewise."
Hermes says: "Really, what are we missing out on by not having sex right now?"
LaBarbara says: "Well..."
LaBarbara whispers something to Hermes.
[Scene says: "Cave, day."
[Scene says: "LaBarbara and Hermes burst in."
Hermes says: "Give us back our genitals!"
Big rock Alien says: "Is that you, Borax Kid?"
Big rock Alien says: "I've got your fifty bucks."
Big rock Alien says: "Oh, it's you."
Big rock Alien says: "Why do you want your genders?"
Big rock Alien says: "You seem happier without them."
LaBarbara says: "Bein' Human isn't just about bein' happy!"
LaBarbara says: "It's about lovin' and fightin' and that rasta MacNasty we were doin' last night."
LaBarbara says: "We want that back."
Big rock Alien says: "Very well."
Big rock Alien says: "Perhaps it is I who have learned a lesson."
Big rock Alien says: "Or something."
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "The Alien appears along with LaBarbara and Hermes."
[Scene says: "Bender sighs."
Bender says: "Now what?"
Big rock Alien says: "I have decided, after little thought, to return your genders."
Amy says: "Not cool, bro!"
Amy says: "Our genders are all reversed!"
Hattie says: "Now I got a what-ya-call-it instead of a kajigger, you stupid what-ya-call-it!"
Everyone cheers.
Big rock Alien says: "Okay."
Big rock Alien says: "Stop yelling at me!"
Big rock Alien says: "It was an innocent mistake."
Big rock Alien says: "Allow me to rectify it."
The Alien is shot by Zapp.
Zapp says: "I got your distress call and came as quickly as I wanted to."
Zapp says: "No need to thank me."
Leela pushes Zapp.
Leela says: "What's your problem, Holmes?"
Leela says: "Now we'll be stuck like this forever!"
Zapp says: "Chill out, dude."
Zapp says: "Well, hello from the neck down."
Fry giggles.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "The plane has landed and the passengers are leaving it."
Bender says: "Thank you for your patronage."
Bender says: "We know you have a choice in airlines and you made the wrong one."
Bender says: "No refunds!"
[Scene says: "The Conrad apartment, night."
Hermes says: "Aren't we going to cuddle?"
LaBarbara says: "Woman, I'm tired!"
LaBarbara says: "I'm sorry."
LaBarbara says: "It's just..."
LaBarbara says: "I need my sleep."
LaBarbara says: "I got to get up five times a night to play Xbox."
Hermes says: "I understand."
Hermes says: "Womanhood also takes some getting used to."
Hermes says: "For example, did you know there are more than two feelin's?"
LaBarbara says: "I only need one feelin': Love for you, wifey man."
They start making out. The light goes out as they ensue making pleasurable noises.
Hermes says: "Your manwich!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Leela are sitting at the conference table with a very masculine look."
LaBarbara says: "No wonder it's such a mess in there."
LaBarbara says: "These bad boys are hard to aim."
Leela says: "I hate being a man."
Leela says: "I smell bad, my face is scratchy, and the food at those strip clubs is terrible."
Amy leans back in her chair.
Amy says: "Crappin' A!"
Amy says: "Still, I'm sure the women are having an even harder time."
The door opens. Enter Bender, Fry, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, and Scruffy, who are wearing dresses and giggling. All but Zoidberg have long hair.
Bender says: "OMG!"
Bender says: "Being chicks is so much fun."
Fry says: "Now, when I say stupid things, guys all laugh and buy me stuff."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "What a skank."
Leela says: "Anyway, Planet Express is still facing foreclosure."
Leela says: "There's no way we can raise enough money to save this company."
Amy says: "Wait."
Amy says: "What about the girly calendar?"
Fry says: "Well, that won't work, remember?"
Fry says: "We only have three women on staff—"
Fry gasps.
LaBarbara says: ""All female employees must pose nude if requested."
Leela says: "And it is requested."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Scene says: "The song "Girls, Girls, Girls" by Mötley Crüe is playing."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let's just hope we can sell enough of these calendars by tomorrow."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We sold enough of those calendars since yesterday!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
The crew cheers.
Leela says: "Thank God most of our fans are huge perverts!"
The crew gasps.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
Fry says: "Who're you, stranger?"
Borax Kid says: "Well, madam, folks called me the Borax Kid."
Borax Kid says: "My friend, the other rock Alien, died without settin' your genitals to right, so I reckon it's up to me to sex you up proper."
Leela says: "My girls are back!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Yay!"
Hermes says: "So what did you like better, my love?"
Hermes says: "Bein' a man or a woman?"
LaBarbara says: "I don't care what parts I have."
LaBarbara says: "As long as they interlock with yours."
Hermes and LaBarbara kiss.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ah, marriage."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It combines the contentedness of being neutered with the occasional sex of being not."
Borax Kid says: "Well, I'd best mosey on down to the landing."
Borax Kid says: "Sounds like the feldspar queen is about to set sail."
Borax Kid says: "You folks watch your genitals now."
Borax Kid says: "Come on, boy!"
Borax Kid says: "Giddy up!"
Leela says: "And that's that."
Scruffy says: "What I miss?"
Closing Credits.