[Opening Credits. Caption says: "You Can't Prove It Won't Happen."
[Scene says: "Outside Roboticon 3003."
[Cut to says: "Roboticon 3003."
[Cut to says: "Bender passes under a soul detector that looks like a metal detector at an airport."
[Cut to says: "It doesn't beep and he walks on."
[Cut to says: "Fry walks under and it beeps and red lights flash."
[Cut to says: "He gasps."
Man says: "$10, please."
Fry says: "Aw, man!"
He reaches into his pocket.
Time Lapse. Leela looks around the robot presentation booths and sees Nannybot 1.0. It holds a baby in its arms and speaks in a booming voice.
Nannybot 1.0 says: "Sleep, little dumpling."
Nannybot 1.0 says: "I have replaced your mother."
Its mouth opens and a bottle of milk comes out on its tongue. The baby drinks from the bottle.
Leela says: "Aw!"
Time Lapse. Bender picks something up at a toy booth.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "Robot beely-boppers!"
Fry says: "And there's a robot scratching post."
Fry says: "You should try it out, Bender."
Bender says: "Please, I have some dignity!"
The beely-boppers bounce around on his head.
Time Lapse. Wernstrom presents his Killbot at the "Wernstrom's Killbots" booth.
Wernstrom says: "Ladies and gentlemen, my Killbot features Lotus Notes and a machine gun."
Wernstrom says: "It is the finest available."
Next to his booth is a "Housewives Prefer Farnsworth's Killbots" booth.
Farnsworth says: "Like fun it is, you glass-headed wallaby!"
Wernstrom says: "No one calls me that!"
Wernstrom says: "I'm having at you!"
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
They start to "fight".
Farnsworth's Killbot says: "Such senseless aggression."
Wernstrom's Killbot says: "Come on."
Wernstrom's Killbot says: "Let's go for a paddle-boat ride."
Time Lapse. Bender bats around the bottle on the scratching post. Fry and Leela leave.
Time Lapse. People walk into an auditorium that features the "Roboticon Annual Product Announcement". Bender, Fry, Leela and Farnsworth sit ready for Mom's speech. Farnsworth has a plaster on his head and Bender is holding the bottle and half of the spring.
Bender says: "The secret was scratching really, really hard!"
The lights dim.
Fry says: "I get it!"
Announcer says: "Mom!"
The word "Mom" appears on a huge screen and robots carry Mom onto the stage.
Fry says: "Oh, now I get it!"
The robots set Mom down and she starts to knit.
Mom says: "Hello, dearies."
The crowd cheers.
Bender says: "Woo!"
Bender says: "I love that old bat!"
Mom says: "Ladies and gentlemen, for the 17th year in a row, the future of robotics has arrived."
Mom says: "Boys?"
Mom says: "I give you..."
Mom says: "Robot 1-X!"
Walt elbows Larry in the stomach.
Larry says: "Ow!"
Larry elbows Igner.
Igner says: "Ow!"
Igner says: "Oh!"
He pulls a sheet off something. Robot 1-X is a small, white robot with no legs nor any distinguishing facial features except for a large purple "eye". The crowd "ooh's" and Robot 1-X starts hovering. They take photos of it.
Bender says: "Neat!"
He takes a photo.
Mom says: "Quite frankly, Robot 1-X will put all my previous models to shame."
Mom says: "Incidentally, would one of my previous models mind coming up here?"
The robots in the audience cheer and wave their hands. Bender starts climbing over the top of them.
Bender says: "Right here!"
Bender says: "I'm comin'!"
Bender says: "C'mon, baby!"
Bender says: "I'll do it!"
Bender says: "C'mon, Mom!"
The Refreshment-bot waves his fist.
Refreshment-bot says: "Jerk!"
Bender climbs onto the stage with his bottle still in his hand.
Bender says: "Here we go."
Bender says: "I'm your top of the line, Mom."
He takes a swig from his bottle.
Mom says: "Notice that this obsolete robot runs on alcohol and emits pollution."
Mom says: "Whereas Robot 1-X runs on pollution and emits pure oxygen with a fresh pine scent."
Bender belches fire and Robot 1-X sucks it in and disperses a green gas from its head. Bender sniffs.
Bender says: "Man, that smells great!"
Mom says: "Now, let's see how both robots do at a typical household task: Sorting a jar of pocket change."
Larry and Walt hand Bender and Robot 1-X a jar each. Robot 1-X tips the change into its hands and counts it quickly.
Robot 1-X says: "Task completed."
Robot 1-X says: "Total value, $4."
Robot 1-X says: "73 and one Albanian lek."
He hands the change to Mom.
Mom says: "Very good, Robot 1-X."
Mom says: "And you, bending unit?"
Bender says: "Uh, I never got the change."
Bender says: "Suckers."
Mom says: "Presenting Mom's Friendly Robots."
The lights on the stage dim and spotlights come down on Bender and Robot 1-X. Banners fall behind them. The one behind Bender says "Before" and the one behind Robot 1-X says "After". The "Before" banner hits Bender on the head and he falls over. The jar of change falls out of his chest cabinet and smashes on the stage. The audience cheers.
Time Lapse. The crew are back among the stalls and booths.
Bender says: "That new robot is great, huh?"
Bender says: "Sure made me look like a pile of crap!"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Farnsworth says: "That's why I bought one to help around the office."
He holds up a blister-packed Robot 1-X. Bender presses his face against it.
Bender says: "Eep!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Robot 1-X hovers in the middle of the room and the crew sans Bender are gathered around it."
Leela says: "Let's try him out."
Leela says: "Robot 1-X, can you clean Nibbler's stanky litterbox?"
Robot 1-X says: "I can and will."
He sucks up the litter and dark matter, cleans the box and replaces it with fresh litter and a fresh pine scent.
Bender says: "Hey, I could have done that if you'd asked me."
Leela says: "I asked you five minutes ago."
Robot 1-X picks up Nibbler, kisses him and puts him in the litterbox.
Bender says: "You call that a kiss?"
Bender says: "I'll show you!"
Bender says: "C'mere, Nibbler!"
He kisses Nibbler and Nibbler struggles and squeals.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, look, Bender."
Farnsworth says: "If you want something to do stop making out and give us a hand."
Hermes holds something.
Hermes says: "Here."
Hermes says: "Go up on the roof and install this fake satellite dish so we can impress the neighbours."
Bender says: "Yes, sir."
Bender says: "I'm on it!"
He walks out.
Hermes says: "Oh, and have Robot 1-X help you."
Bender groans.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Roof."
[Scene says: "Bender stands on the dome and nearly falls back but regains his balance."
[Scene says: "He starts welding the dish to the roof while Robot 1-X hovers nearby."
Bender says: "Get outta here, freshman!"
Bender says: "I don't need your help."
Robot 1-X says: "Our owners asked me to assist you."
Bender says: "Yeah?"
Bender says: "Well assist this!"
He takes a swipe at Robot 1-X but misses and falls off the roof. He screams as he falls. Robot 1-X quickly welds the satellite dish to the roof, and flies down to catch Bender.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The staff walk out through the entrance just in time to see Robot 1-X catch the falling Bender."
[Cut to says: "Bender groans."
Bender says: "When I screamed "help" I didn't mean you!"
Robot 1-X says: "I apologise."
Robot 1-X says: "However, I was able to do your job before I saved your life."
The staff applaud and Bender growls.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry, Farnsworth, Amy and Leela sit watching All My Circuits."
[Scene says: "Robot 1-X hovers next to Fry."
[Scene says: "Bender hops into the room in a dustbin."
Bender says: "Don't mind me."
Bender says: "I'm just saving you the trouble of throwing me away."
Amy says: "Spleesh!"
Amy says: "Mell out, Bender."
Amy says: "Come watch some TV."
Bender struggles inside the bin.
Bender says: "I can't."
Bender says: "I'm stuck in the can."
Leela says: "Well, ask Robot 1-X to pull you out."
Bender says: "Never!"
He throws his hand in the air, loses his balance and falls over while still in the bin.
Leela says: "Why can't you accept his help?"
Bender says: "I hate him."
Leela says: "But he's just a tool to make your life easier."
Leela says: "Like a socket wrench or a burglar's kit."
Bender rolls around to face the crew.
The staff turn to him.
Farnsworth says: "Yes?"
Bender says: "I'm scared of him."
Leela bursts out laughing then notices the rest of the crew aren't.
Leela says: "Oh, sorry."
Farnsworth says: "Well then there's only one solution: You need an upgrade to make you compatible with Robot 1-X's new technology."
Bender gasps.
Bender says: "An upgrade?"
Bender says: "But I thought we all agreed I was perfect!"
Bender says: "Fry, didn't we agree I was perfect?"
Fry says: "Oh, yeah, no, you're pretty perfect."
Bender rolls so he is facing the opposite direction.
Bender says: "Pretty perfect?"
Bender says: "So, you do think I need an upgrade?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Farnsworth says: "For God's sakes, yes!"
Bender says: "Fine."
Bender says: "I'll be back in a few days."
He rolls out through the door and the staff go back to watching TV.
[Scene says: "Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Scene says: "Robots stand on a conveyor belt and pass under signs advertising upgrade specials including X-Ray Vision, Arm Extension and Neon Crotch."
[Scene says: "In front of Bender is Roberto and behind is Fatbot."
Roberto says: "Man, I hate those new 1-X robots."
Roberto says: "I'd like to stab 'em!"
Roberto says: "Give 'em some of these!"
He starts stabbing the air with his fist and making his trademark nutcase noise.
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Right on, nutcake!"
Roberto says: "Parole officer says I gotta upgrade or he won't give me back my stabbing knife."
Roberto says: "But it's no big."
Roberto says: "I hate those 1-X so much I know it won't affect me."
Roberto says: "I love those magnificent 1-X robots!"
Roberto says: "The 1-X robots are my friends."
Bender says: "W-W-Wait!"
Bender says: "What happened to your enthusiasm for stabbing them?"
Roberto says: "I'm past that."
Roberto says: "Later, blood!"
He slides out sideways through a door.
Bender says: "It's like he's not him anymore."
Bender says: "I changed my mind!"
He pulls his arms away from the restraints and breaks away from the machine. The technician ducks as Bender jumps through a window.
[Scene says: "Outside Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Scene says: "Bender lands face down on a riverbank next to some seagulls."
[Scene says: "He sits up."
Bender says: "I did it!"
Bender says: "I escaped!"
Bender says: "But to what kind of a life?"
Bender says: "Oh, jeez!"
[Scene says: "The ocean waves roll and batter Bender's boat around."
Bender says: "Curse you, merciful Poseidon!"
[Scene says: "Desert Island Beach."
[Scene says: "Day breaks and Bender finds himself washed up on a beach."
[Scene says: "He gets up."
Bender says: "Boy, what is the deal with the ocean?"
Bender says: "A tropical island, huh?"
Bender says: "Well, I've washed up on worse places."
Bender says: "OK, first up, I'm gonna need to build a shelter."
Bender says: "There."
Bender says: "Well, I guess I'll go out for a while."
He pushes the rock away and gets up.
Time Lapse. On the beach, Bender has spelled out "HELP" in rocks but the last letter is unfinished so it looks like "HELF".
Bender says: "Damn."
Bender says: "One rock short of rescue!"
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "I, Bender, Bid You Hello!"
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "You Don't Know Me, Though You May Have Heard Of Me."
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "But That's Not The Point."
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "Long Story Short..."
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "I Need Helf"."
[His message is a lot longer that "HELF". It reads "To Whom It May Concern says: "He walks off muttering to himself."
[Scene says: "Desert Island Cliff."
[Scene says: "Night has fallen."
[Scene says: "Bender stands on the edge of a cliff rotating his head."
[Scene says: "A light shines out of his eyes and he looks like a lighthouse."
[Scene says: "He makes a foghorn noise."
[Scene says: "The light goes out."
Bender says: "Oop!"
Bender says: "Low on power."
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "Guess I'll do what I always do when I run out of booze."
He falls to his knees and bursts into tears.
[Scene says: "Desert Island Jungle."
[Scene says: "Bender digs a hole."
Bender says: "Don't panic, I've got these yams."
Bender says: "I'll just make some yam schnapps."
He takes a blender out of his chest cabinet and puts the yams in. He holds the plug and looks for somewhere to put it. He plugs it into a tree but nothing happens so he tries a beehive but still nothing.
Time Lapse. He tries a wild boars nose. The boar growls.
Bender says: "Hey, I should be mad at you!"
Bender says: "Now turn around."
[Scene says: "Desert Island Beach."
[Scene says: "Bender is back under his rock."
[Scene says: "He has developed five o'clock rust around his mouth and is muttering to himself."
[Scene says: "He sees a six pack of beer walking towards him and gasps."
Bender says: "Beer!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
He drops them and they run off.
Time Lapse. Another night has fallen and Bender lies on his side on the beach. He hears drums and looks around.
Bender says: "Who..."
Bender says: "is..."
Bender says: "it?"
Bender says: "Ow!"
He looks up and sees a cymbal-banging monkey in a tree. Three shadows creep over him and everything goes dark.
Time Lapse. Next morning the unconscious Bender is fed something from a coconut half. He comes around and sees a Fembot, two robots and the monkey. The Fembot, Lisa, has a waterwheel in the middle of her body.
Bender says: "Who are you and why should I care?"
One of the robots, a Cartridge Unit, reaches into a bag hung around him, pulls out a cartridge labelled "Introduction" and puts it in.
Cartridge Unit says: "To live a simpler existence, free of technology."
Bender says: "A working cartridge unit?"
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "You guys went obsolete years ago!"
Cartridge Unit takes out a "Snappy Response" cartridge and puts it in.
Cartridge Unit says: "Your mother."
Lisa says: "What Cartridge Unit means is the very things that make us obsolete also make us unique."
Lisa says: "I, for example, need to keep refilling my waterwheel or I'll power down forever."
Lisa says: "Anyway, we like it here."
Bender says: "Like you have a choice."
Bender says: "So what's your problem?"
Sinclair says: "Not enough..."
He scratches his head.
Bender says: "Memory?"
Sinclair says: "Oh, great."
Sinclair says: "Now I remember that word but I forgot my wife's face."
Lisa's waterwheel dries out again.
Lisa says: "If you'd like, you're welcome to join our society."
Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Look, no offence, but I need technology."
Bender says: "Especially email and snowmobiles."
Bender says: "And television!"
Bender says: "Without television how will I know what's buzz-worthy?"
Sinclair says: "Why would you wanna watch TV when you can watch a snail crawl for hours on end?"
Bender says: "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
Time Lapse. The robots watch a snail crawling.
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Bender says: "He's never gonna make it over that next pebble!"
Bender says: "Wait, wait!"
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "He made it!"
They high five.
Lisa says: "Yeah!"
Sinclair says: "Way to go!"
The monkey bangs its cymbals.
Bender says: "That was the greatest thing ever!"
Bender says: "Let's party!"
Bender says: "Yeah, baby!"
Bender says: "C'mon!"
Lisa says: "Where did you get that CD?"
Bender says: "It's one of my ten desert island discs."
Bender says: "I never really thought I'd get to use them."
Bender says: "But look at me now."
Bender says: "Ooh, yeah, baby!"
Bender says: "Do that thang!"
Lisa says: "CDs are unnatural."
Lisa says: "Why don't you just listen to the ocean?"
Bender says: "Which ocean?"
Bender says: "That ocean?"
Bender says: "Take that, Beethoven, you deaf bastard!"
Time Lapse. Next morning Bender swings in a hammock listening to the monkey banging its cymbals.
Bender says: "Bang, bang, bang."
Bender says: "You sure got this life thing figured out, cymbal-banging monkey."
Lisa says: "Hi, Bender."
Lisa says: "We know how much you miss technology, so we brought you this washing machine that drifted ashore."
Sinclair and Cartridge Unit drag a washing machine up the beach. Bender gasps and runs towards it. He opens the door and looks inside.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "I'm gonna wash my linen so hard the w--  You--!"
He kicks it and hits it. The robots watch him and mutter.
Lisa says: "What?"
Lisa says: "I don't understand."
Sinclair says: "Is he alright?"
Bender says: "Wretched technology has brought me nothing but misery!"
Cartridge Unit takes a "State The Obvious" cartridge out of his bag and puts it in.
Cartridge Unit says: "But, Bender, you are technology."
Cartridge Unit says: "You're the most advanced thing on this entire island."
Bender looks at his reflection in the water.
Bender says: "Oh, it's true."
Bender says: "I am a hideous triumph of form and function."
Bender says: "But not for long!"
Time Lapse. Night has fallen. Banging sounds come from inside a beach hut and Bender screams in pain.
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Ow, that hurt!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Time Lapse. Morning breaks.
Lisa says: "The downgrade is complete!"
The hut door opens and Bender walks out. Except for his eyes and mouth his entire body has been replaced with wood.
Bender says: "Behold, my hand crafted purity."
Bender says: "The modern world can bite my splintery, wooden ass!"
A woodpecker lands on his shoulder and pecks at his head. Bender sighs.
Lisa says: "Welcome to your new life of simple tranquillity."
Bender says: "Pft!"
Bender says: "Forget that."
Bender says: "I say the whole world must learn of our peaceful ways."
Bender says: "By force!"
The robots gasp. Cartridge Unit takes out a "What?!" cartridge and puts it in.
Cartridge Unit says: "What?!"
Cartridge Unit says: "!"
Bender says: "We're going back to civilisation to wage war on technology!"
Cartridge Unit ejects the cartridge then puts it back in again.
Cartridge Unit says: "What?!"
Cartridge Unit says: "!"
[Scene says: "Night again."
[Scene says: "Under the sea, an oar-powered submarine glides through the water just above the seabed."
Bender says: "Row, comrades!"
Bender says: "Row!"
[Cut to says: "Submarine."
[Cut to says: "Bender heads his crew who row while sitting in knee-deep water."
Bender says: "We'll soon stage an attack on technology worthy of being chronicled in an anthem by Rush!"
Lisa says: "We've been sailing for three weeks."
Lisa says: "Maybe I should check our position with the periscope."
She pulls it down. Bender takes it from her, looks through it and gasps.
Bender says: "Mirrors reflecting mirrors?"
Bender says: "Hi-tech sorcery!"
Bender says: "Sorcery, I say!"
He breaks the periscope and hits it against the walls.
Lisa says: "Did you see anything?"
Bender says: "Yep, we're there."
Bender says: "Prepare to surface!"
[Scene says: "Outside Submarine."
[Scene says: "The submarine surfaces and the crew climb out through the top."
Bender says: "And now, technology shall taste the lash of the hickory switch!"
[Montage says: "The robots swing through the streets of New New York."
[Montage says: "They use magnets to pull gadgets out of a shop called The Sharper Gadget and cheer."
[Montage says: "At a rocket test field, a rocket takes off."
[Montage says: "The robots jump on it, it crashes and they hit and kick it."
[Montage says: "Outside Mom's Friendly Robot Company factory, the crew stand atop their vessel, load a rock into a catapult and fire."
[Montage says: "It blocks a sewage pipe, the building fills with sewage and it comes out through the windows."
[Montage says: "At the Cookieville Orphanarium, Bender sneaks through a window and smashes a night light."
[Montage says: "The orphans cry and Bender cackles."
[Scene says: "Outside Submarine."
Sinclair says: "Technology is defeated."
Sinclair says: "Let us return to the island and celebrate by counting rocks!"
Cartridge Unit, Lisa and he cheer. The monkey bangs its cymbals.
Cartridge Unit says: "I'm for that!"
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Bender says: "No one wants to count rocks more than me."
Bender says: "But our mission is not complete."
Bender says: "Not so long as Robot 1-X torments me with his obvious superiority."
Bender says: "Ready the catapult, Sinclair."
Bender says: "Aim for their power lines."
Bender says: "They're the devil's veins and electricity is his blood."
Lisa says: "Bender, If we don't survive the attack, I want you to know..."
Lisa says: "I love you."
Bender says: "OK, fine."
Bender says: "Fire!"
Sinclair fires the catapult.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The rock hits the pylon at the back of the building and sparks fly from it."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The lights go out."
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm blind!"
Leela says: "Professor, we have no power."
Farnsworth says: "What do you mean "no power"?"
Farnsworth says: "We're living in the future."
Leela says: "I'd better light some candles."
She claps her hands and candles around the room start burning. A rock crashes through the wall. The crew turn around and gasp. Bender climbs through the hole.
Bender says: "Friends, I've come to free you from your complicated lives."
Bender says: "Free you from the "complicated" part I mean not the "lives" part."
Leela says: "Oh, Lord, he's made of wood!"
Leela says: "What now, Bender?"
Bender says: "I got a downgrade!"
Bender says: "I'm a steam-powered wooden robot, just as nature intended."
Bender says: "Therefore, I must kill Robot 1-X."
Farnsworth says: "That's just stupid."
Robot 1-X hovers next to Bender hitting itself with a sledgehammer.
Robot 1-X says: "Does Mr."
Robot 1-X says: "Bender wish me to destroy myself?"
Bender knocks the sledgehammer away.
Bender says: "I don't need your charity."
Bender says: "Target Robot 1-X and fire!"
The staff hear the sound of the rock being fired from the catapult and whistling through the air. They wince. Time passes as they wait for the rock. Hermes looks at his watch and goes back to being tense. The rock flies through the hole and hits and dents the ship.
Farnsworth says: "You wanged my ship, you walnut-panelled idiot!"
Bender says: "Try again, Sinclair."
Bender says: "I said "target Robot 1-X"!"
Sinclair says: "Who's Robot 1-X?"
Sinclair says: "Launching."
He fires the rock and it screams through the air. The staff wait, tense.
Zoidberg says: "So, I guess everything worked out fine."
The rock flies through the hangar roof and Zoidberg screams. The rock smashes a leg off the ship and it tips over, trapping the crew under its wing.
Leela says: "Great!"
Leela says: "Now we're being crushed."
The fuel tank leaks fuel. It dribbles around the ship and in front of the trapped crew.
Amy says: "Help us, wooden Bender!"
Bender stares as the fuel leak reaches a candle. The flame ignites it and the staff are trapped behind a wall of fire.
Bender says: "Heck!"
Bender says: "Those guys hate fire!"
Bender says: "I gotta do something."
Bender says: "What the--?"
Bender says: "Termites?"
Bender says: "Well, I don't need legs to save my friends."
Bender says: "I'll just use the old extentromatic arms!"
He reaches up to the fire extinguisher but his arms don't stretch and instead just fall off.
Hermes says: "Bender, hurry!"
Hermes says: "This fuel's expensive!"
Hermes says: "Also  we're dying!"
Bender says: "I'm a-comin'  Ow!"
Bender says: "Lousy primitive body!"
Bender says: "Oh, why didn't I get that upgrade?"
Bender says: "I'm an outdated piece of junk!"
Robot 1-X flies over him.
Bender says: "You shut up."
Bender says: "No, wait!"
Bender says: "I can use you as a tool to save my friends and I'll still be the hero who everyone says how great he was!"
Robot 1-X says: "How may I help you?"
The flames on Bender flare up and he screams.
Bender says: "Save my friends!"
Bender says: "And Zoidberg!"
Robot 1-X's hands turn into fans. It blows the flames out and lifts the ships wing. The staff climb out from underneath it. A lot of Amy's hair has been burnt off.
Amy says: "Look!"
Amy says: "My hair got singed into an even cuter do!"
Fry says: "Hey, where's Bender?"
Bender says: "Down here."
Bender says: "I'm so sorry, guys."
Bender says: "I never meant to hurt you."
Bender says: "Just to destroy everything you ever believed in."
Leela says: "Well, at least you saved us from, uh, you."
Leela says: "Thank God you finally overcame your incompatibility with Robot 1-X."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah, we were totally in sync!"
Bender says: "I was like "Save them!"
Bender says: "" and he was all "No problem!"
[Cut to says: "Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Cut to says: "Bender is still on the machine."
[Cut to says: "His whole experience was a dream."
Bender says: "This new technology is great!"
Bender says: "I love those magnificent 1-X robots."
Bender says: "The 1-X robots are my friends!"
Fatbot trembles.
Fatbot says: "It's like his personality is totally different now!"
Fatbot says: "Oh, maybe this upgrade isn't such a good idea."
The technician shuts off the machine.
Bender says: "I'd like to give Robot 1-X a big smooch on the--  Hey!"
Bender says: "What's the dealy-o?"
Technician says: "Your upgrade is complete."
Bender says: "But I destroyed the technology of the world."
Bender says: "I ran on the beach and felt the sand between my foot cups."
Technician says: "Everyone experiences the upgrade differently."
Bender says: "Oof."
Bender says: "If that stuff wasn't real, how can I be sure anything is real?"
Bender says: "Is it not possible, nay, probable, that my whole life is just a product of my or someone else's imagination?"
Technician says: "No, get out."
Technician says: "Next."
Bender slides out.
[Cut to says: "Outside Mom's Friendly Robot Company Factory."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks out and watches three police cars chase another car down the street."
Bender says: "Well, I guess reality is what you make of it."
Bender says: "Oh, thanks, baby!"
He carries on walking and whistling through his imagination.