[Opening Credits. Caption says: "If Not Entertaining, Write Your Congressman."
[Scene says: "Outside Greasy Sue's Truck Stop."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies along the Historic Root 66 -- a space road."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "W."
[Scene says: "McCall's Convoy plays."
[Scene says: "The ship leaves the space lane and heads for the truck stop and flies through the airlock."
[Cut to says: "Greasy Sue's Truck Stop Forecourt."
[Cut to says: "The ship lands."
Man #1 says: "Breaker-breaker, this here's the Duck."
Man #1 says: "Uh, you wanna back off them hogs?"
Time Lapse. Leela gets the Dark Matter fuel pump and starts pumping it into the ship.
Man #1 says: "Ten-four, five miles or so."
Man #2 says: "Ten, roger!"
Leela says: "Hmm, I'd better check the fluid levels."
Leela says: "We're OK on Coke syrup."
Bender puts an Ethanol & Tonic pump into his mouth and use his fingers as a lighter to light a cigar. His fingers won't work though.
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Bender says: "Come on!"
Bender says: "Comin' through!"
[Cut to says: "Greasy Sue's Truck Stop Men's Room."
[Cut to says: "Fry walks in and sees a dispenser."
[Cut to says: "He decides to get a "Fresh" Egg Salad Sandwich."
[Cut to says: "He inserts 25 cents and the sandwich comes out."
[Cut to says: "Greasy Sue's Truck Stop Forecourt."
[Cut to says: "Leela puts the dark matter pump back and Fry starts up the steps with his sandwich."
Bender says: "What's that black cracker?"
Fry eats it.
Fry says: "A tomato."
Leela says: "You're not gonna eat a sandwich from a truck stop men's room are you?"
Fry says: "Eh, what's the worst thing that could happen?"
Fry says: "Ugh!"
Fry says: "It's like a party in my mouth and everyone's throwing up!"
Leela picks up a windscreen mop and flies up to the windscreen on a hover-cradle. She brushes of a space fly, a small ringed planet and the Voyager space probe. Sal, Hoschel and a group of other truckers watch her.
Trucker says: "Lookie there!"
Trucker says: "It's one of them things like on our mud flaps!"
Hoschel says: "Yosemite Sam?"
Sal says: "Stands back!"
Sal says: "I'm gonna puts my moves on her."
Sal says: "Whoas!"
Fry says: "That jerk!"
Fry says: "No one hoots at my captain unless they're prepared to take it to the next level!"
He rolls up his sleeves and then rolls up his trouser legs.
Leela says: "Fry, please."
Leela says: "That's sweet but I'd rather not even dignify them with an ass-whooping!"
Sal says: "Hey, sexy mama, let's get busy and freaky in that order!"
Fry says: "Hey, jumbo!"
Fry says: "How would you like it if Leela said you were sexy and she wanted to make love with you?"
Sal says: "Eh, I gots five minutes."
Sal says: "She looks pretty good for a truck stop chick!"
The other truckers laugh.
Fry says: "You take that back!"
Fry says: "She does not look good for a truck stop chick!"
The truckers laugh harder. Leela cringes.
Sal says: "Yeah, you're right."
Sal says: "She don't gots enough meat for a guy like me."
Fry says: "She does too!"
Fry says: "She's loaded with meat!"
Fry says: "She's got more meat than a cow!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
The truckers laugh.
Sal says: "More meat than a cow!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the couch."
Fry says: "I can't please Leela no matter what I do."
Fry says: "I just want her to like me."
Bender says: "Well there's always hope."
Bender says: "C'mon, we gotta go fix the plasma fusion boiler."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Basement."
[Scene says: "The boiler rocks and steam hisses from it."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender walk down the steps and find Scruffy reading "Zero-G Juggs"."
Bender says: "Who are you?"
Scruffy says: "Scruffy."
Scruffy says: "The janitor."
Bender says: "Well why aren't you fixing the boiler?"
Scruffy says: "Schedule conflict."
He thumbs through the magazine.
Time Lapse. The boiler has stopped hissing. Bender uses his arm to wrench the pipes tightly together.
Bender says: "There!"
Bender says: "Fixed forever."
Part of the boiler flies off. Fry and Bender gasp. Steam starts filling the room.
Scruffy says: "Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived."
Scruffy says: "Oh, marmalade!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry is sat on the table with a large pipe sticking out of him."
[Scene says: "The staff are gathered around."
[Scene says: "Enter Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, the hypochondriac's back!"
Zoidberg says: "So what is it this time?"
Fry says: "Well, my lead pipe hurts a little."
Zoidberg says: "That's normal."
Zoidberg says: "Next patient."
Sawing sounds come from the pipe and it suddenly breaks off leaving a hole through Fry's body. Bender peers through the hole. It suddenly fills itself in. Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "He's a witch!"
Farnsworth says: "Fry, did you eat anything unusual recently?"
Fry says: "No."
Leela says: "What about that bathroom egg salad from the truck stop?"
Fry says: "I've had better."
Farnsworth says: "Egg salad?"
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg will have to examine your gastrointestinal tract."
Farnsworth says: "Come, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "Give Fry some privacy."
He walks out through a door and everyone except Fry and Zoidberg follow. There is a large mirror next to the door.
[Cut to says: "Observation Room."
[Cut to says: "The others walk into a darkened room and take a seat."
[Cut to says: "The mirror in Zoidberg's office is a two-way mirror and they all look through and watch."
Farnsworth says: "If you can't see well enough through the two-way mirror, there'll be a close-up on this video screen."
The screen flickers on and a video picture of Fry's butt appears.
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg's Office."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg examines Fry's chest with a stethoscope."
[Cut to says: "He hears the sound of a truck reversing and beeping."
Zoidberg says: "Hmm."
Zoidberg says: "We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera."
Zoidberg says: "Guess again."
Fry's expression changes to worried.
[Cut to says: "Observation Room."
[Cut to says: "The others shovel popcorn in their mouths and watch the goings on on the screen."
[Cut to says: "Hermes scoops some popcorn out of the box with a Jai Alai scoop."
[Cut to says: "The camera pushes its way up the end of Fry's digestive tract."
Amy says: "Gross!"
Bender says: "Go, man!"
Bender says: "Go!"
The camera continues burrowing through Fry's guts and the mesmerised crew tilt as the camera moves from side to side.
Farnsworth says: "Watch for any subtle irregularity in Fry's bowel."
The camera pushes through a finds a miniature city in Fry's bowel made from cutlery he has been eating. Lights twinkle on buildings and a monorail goes past.
Amy says: "It's gorgeous."
Amy says: "That place used to be a big dump."
On the screen little worms appear on the top of the buildings.
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Ew!"
Amy says: "Worms?"
Amy says: "Ew!"
Amy says: "Puke-a-tronic!"
Farnsworth says: "Correct!"
Farnsworth says: "Worm eggs!"
Farnsworth says: "And the mayonnaise was probably none too fresh either."
Enter Zoidberg who looks on the screen.
Hermes says: "It's nauseating, mon!"
Hermes says: "Is there no way to get rid of the disgusting maggots?"
Farnsworth says: "Only one."
Farnsworth says: "We'll have to travel deep inside Fry, in this!"
He pulls a sheet off a table. In the middle of the table is a tiny green speck. The staff step closer to get a better look. Farnsworth holds a magnifying glass over the speck and reveals it to be a miniaturised version of the Planet Express ship.
Bender says: "Shotgun!"
Zoidberg says: "Shotgun!"
He sighs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Bender, Hermes and Amy look inside some rucksacks as Farnsworth speaks to them."
Farnsworth says: "In each gastro-survival kit, you'll find a rain slicker, a disposable fun camera, and something to protect you against bacteria -- a harpoon!"
Amy pulls it out of her bag. Pullback to reveal the trio are tiny droid versions of themselves standing on a glove of a net suit Farnsworth is wearing. The real Hermes and Amy also wear net suits while Bender is directly hooked into the system.
Bender says: "Yo, old guy, why do we have to use those tiny micro-droids?"
Bender says: "Can't you just shrink us?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, no."
Farnsworth says: "That would require extremely tiny atoms, and have you priced those lately?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm not made of money!"
Farnsworth says: "Leave me alone!"
Zoidberg says: "Me next!"
He steps onto a platform next to a machine. A ring rises from the platform and scans him. The machine beeps and a small egg-like object comes out the other side. Zoidberg pulls the top off the egg. Inside is the Zoidberg-droid. Farnsworth picks it up and puts it on his glove. His own droid walks towards the group .
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Anyhoo, your net suits will let you experience Fry's worm-infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "There's no part of that sentence I didn't like."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The table is empty."
[Scene says: "But..."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Is everyone present?"
Amy-Droid says: "Right on!"
Bender-Droid says: "Uh-huh."
Hermes-Droid says: "Definitely."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Yes."
On the big table is a little table which the miniaturised crew sit around.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Here's the plan:  We'll enter the ear, drip down the back of the throat and make for the bowel."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "There, we'll irritate the pelvic splanchnic ganglion and cause an intestinal spasm, expelling, among other things, the parasites."
The hologram shuts off.
Bender-Droid says: "I'll tell Fry to wash out, among other things, his ear."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "No!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Fry can't know anything about the mission."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "If he finds out, the worms will try to defend themselves."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "They know everything he knows."
Bender-Droid says: "They know how to make ice cream soup?"
Farnsworth looks up.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Leela, your role is to distract Fry so he doesn't notice what we're up to."
Leela is still her normal size though from the droids' point of view she is huge.
Leela says: "Can do!"
She salutes.
Amy-Droid says: "Leela, you should really try a facial scrub, for your pores."
Leela blows and Amy tumbles away from the table, screaming.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry sits at the table and drinks a can of Slurm."
[Scene says: "He throws the empty can behind him and picks up another one of the four cans in front of him."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
[Scene says: "She points at something."
Leela says: "Look!"
Leela says: "A starling!"
Fry says: "Really?"
Leela blows the Planet Express ship through a tube like a blow dart. It flies through the air and into his ear.
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ear."
[Cut to says: "The ship struggles through a sea of earwax."
[Cut to says: "Around it, earwax drips from the walls of the ear."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The Amy-droid pilots the ship while the other droids stand around."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Sh!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Be very quiet."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We're in the ear."
Amy-Droid says: "OK, Professor."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "What?"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns to Leela."
Fry says: "What about what?"
Leela says: "Uh..."
Leela says: "what if we go for a walk, possibly, because it's such a lovely day, perhaps."
Fry says: "I'd love to!"
He puts his finger in his ear and wriggles it around.
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ear."
[Cut to says: "Fry's finger closes in on the ship and the droids scream from inside it."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew grab hold of things to keep them steady."
Hermes-Droid says: "We gotta get someplace where he won't stick his finger!"
Bender-Droid says: "It's hopeless!"
Bender-Droid says: "Abandon ship!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Wait!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We just have to get past the eardrum."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Ear."
[Cut to says: "The ship cuts through the wax with Fry's finger right behind them."
[Cut to says: "The ship pops through the eardrum, leaving a hole behind."
[Cut to says: "A worm on a crane repairs the hole immediately."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Brain."
[Cut to says: "Hermes and Farnsworth look out of the ship through the window."
Hermes-Droid says: "What are those worms doing to Fry's brain?"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "They're giving it a complete tune-up."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "A cursory glance would suggest they've doubled his thinking power."
Hermes-Droid says: "My God!"
Hermes-Droid says: "Soon he'll be smarter than Cher!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry picks some flowers from a stall."
Fry says: "Ah, the scent of a rose."
Fry says: "Curious how an aromatic chain of hydrocarbons can evoke our deepest emotions."
Fry says: "For you."
She takes them.
Leela says: "That's such a beautiful thought, Fry."
Leela says: "And what's more amazing, you expressed it without spewing crumbs at me."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Nose."
[Cut to says: "The ship speeds through."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Brace yourselves, everyone."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We're entering the interior of Fry's nose."
Bender-Droid says: "We're at finger alert five."
A red light engulfs the room and an alarm wails.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Let's just pray nothing stimulates the delicate smell receptors."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Nobody make a smell."
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Fry sniffs the flowers."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Nose."
[Cut to says: "Balls of pollen fly up and batter the ship."
[Cut to says: "The crew scream from inside."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Quick!"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "We can escape through that nasal capillary into the sinus."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Nose."
[Cut to says: "Amy turns the ship around and the ship heads for the hole."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
Hermes-Droid says: "Strange."
Hermes-Droid says: "Usually you don't know anything about human anatomy."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "I learned it from a decongestant commercial."
Zoidberg-Droid says: ""Soothing action, action, action, action..."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Capillary."
[Cut to says: "The ship moves through the tube between two red blood cells."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Vein."
[Cut to says: "The ship is blown out of the capillary with the blood cells and is battered around the tube."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew hold on tightly."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Heart."
[Cut to says: "The ship flies in."
[Cut to says: "The heart beats around them and the ship glides through."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender peers out through the window."
Bender-Droid says: "Where are we?"
Bender-Droid says: "The ass?"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We're in the heart."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Better known as "The Love Muscle"."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Where the food is digested."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We should be safe, just so long as nothing makes it beat faster."
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela look down at a puddle in the road next to the kerb."
[Cut to says: "Fry steps into it and holds out his hand to Leela."
[Cut to says: "She smiles and takes hold of it."
[Cut to says: "Fry's heart beats faster."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Heart."
[Cut to says: "The heart beats and the ship is thrown around."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender throws his arms in the air."
Bender-Droid says: "Abandon ship!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "No!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Set course for that cholesterol-encrusted valve."
[Cut to says: "Outside Miniature Ship."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg opens the turret hatch and scrapes cholesterol off the roof of the valve and spreads it on a cracker."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "It's good cholesterol but it spreads like bad cholesterol!"
He gobbles the cracker. The ship flies past worms who are busy scrubbing the valve.
[Scene says: "Fry's Muscles."
[Scene says: "The ship glides past some worms who are working Fry's muscles while listening to music."
Amy-Droid says: "Look!"
Amy-Droid says: "They're jazz-ercising Fry's muscles!"
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
Hermes-Droid says: "He'll be as strong and flexible as Gumby and Hercules combined!"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Gumbercules?"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "I love that guy!"
[Scene says: "Outside Construction Site."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela walk down the street."
[Scene says: "Leela stops and groans."
Leela says: "It's that jerk from the truck stop!"
Leela says: "Let's cross the street and try to blend in with that crowd of pimps."
Fry says: "I don't think so."
Fry says: "Sir, I believe you owe this lady an apology."
Leela says: "Fry, no!"
Leela says: "He's bulging with what could be muscles."
Leela says: "Ooh!"
Sal says: "I gots your apologys right heres!"
Sal says: "Sorrys, ma'am."
Sal says: "I've learnsed a lesson about not ogling cans that I won't soons forgets."
[Scene says: "Fry's Stomach."
[Scene says: "The crew look through the windscreen."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Ah, the stomach: Scenic gateway to the bowel."
The ship crosses a boundary and an alarm wails and red lights flash. Worm tanks follow the ship and shoot at it. The projectiles just bounce off the hull.
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
Bender-Droid says: "Abandon ship!"
He heads for the door but Hermes and Zoidberg restrain him.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "No!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Don't give up now!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "We're but a stone's throw from the pyloric sphincter."
He points to a hole in Fry's stomach.
[Cut to says: "Fry's Stomach."
[Cut to says: "The worm ships continue firing and their ammo still bounces off the ship."
[Cut to says: "The hole begins to close."
[Cut to says: "Miniature Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew hold on as they are thrown around."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Stomach."
[Cut to says: "The little ship goes most of the way through the hole but it closes around it."
[Cut to says: "The worm's ammo pushes it through."
Bender-Droid says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Hooray!"
Hermes-Droid says: "We made it!"
The worm ships crash into it and explode à la the alien ships in Independence Day.
[Cut to says: "Fry's Bowels."
[Cut to says: "The ship flies through the tunnels and over the worm city."
[Cut to says: "It lands."
Time Lapse. The crew emerge from the ship with laser rifles.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "There it is!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "The stately capitol of Fry's bowel."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "A heavily-guarded fortress surrounding the pelvic splanchnic ganglion."
Zoidberg-Droid says: "I've heard of that!"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Who said I haven't?"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "If we can stimulate that nerve, the bowel will convulse, expelling the entire worm society."
Hermes-Droid says: "But what about the worms in the other parts of his body?"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Listen, this is gonna be one hell of a bowel movement."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Afterwards he'll be lucky if he has any bones left!"
Bender-Droid says: "Alright, let's mush some worms!"
He cocks his laser and fires at the worm building.
[Cut to says: "Worm Building Balcony."
[Cut to says: "The Worm Mayor runs out onto the balcony and waves his arms around."
Worm Mayor says: "Worms to battle stations!"
Worm soldiers lean out of windows with lasers and a fire-fight ensues.
[Scene says: "Outside Coffee Shop."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela sit at a table outside the café which is across the street from the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Fry takes a sip of coffee."
[Scene says: "He picks a bit off his muffin and tosses it to some owls on the ground nearby."
[Scene says: "They hoot and eat it."
[Scene says: "Leela pours another cup of coffee for Fry and herself."
[Scene says: "She smiles."
Leela says: "I had a great time today."
Leela says: "The flowers, the puddle, the way you hurt that guy."
Leela says: "But can I aks you something?"
Fry says: "Anything."
Leela says: "Why did you do all that stuff?"
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "Leela, there's something I've wanted to tell you for a long time but every time I try I get nervous and my mouth feels like it's stuffed with peanut butter, even when it's not."
Leela says: "What is it?"
Leela says: "Is it about Bender?"
Fry says: "No, it's about you and me."
Leela says: "And Bender?"
Fry says: "Bender's not involved."
Fry says: "Leela..."
Fry says: "I love you."
Leela says: "You do?"
Fry says: "Yes."
Fry says: "But it's only recently that I've been able to articulate my thoughts."
Fry says: "I love you, Leela, and I always have."
Leela says: "Fry, that's the sweetest, most wonderful-- Wait!"
Leela says: "Recently?"
Leela says: "Like since you ate that toilet sandwich?"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "I don't know why but my life really turned around that day."
Leela thinks for a moment.
Leela says: "Stay here."
She runs back inside the Planet Express building. Fry sighs and a waitress approaches with a jug of coffee.
Waitress says: "Freshen your noc-a-tina?"
Fry says: "Please."
Fry says: "I need something to settle my stomach."
[Cut to says: "Worm Building."
[Cut to says: "The crew sans Zoidberg have made it inside the fortress and continue firing at the worm defence."
[Cut to says: "They stop at a door."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "The nerve is through here."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Where's Zoidberg?"
Enter Zoidberg riding one of Fry's sperm.
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Yippie-ki-yay!"
Zoidberg-Droid says: "You'll never guess where I've been!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Leela scans herself on the droid machine, leans out of a window and blows her droid into Fry's coffee cup across the street."
[Cut to says: "Outside Coffee Shop."
[Cut to says: "Fry takes a sip of his coffee."
[Scene says: "Pelvic Splanchnic Ganglion Room."
[Scene says: "The crew are still outside."
[Scene says: "There is the sound of a battering ram on the door."
Bender-Droid says: "One!"
Bender-Droid says: "Two!"
Bender-Droid says: "Three!"
The door falls in. Bender is the battering ram! He rubs his head.
Farnsworth-Droid says: "There it is!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "The pelvic splanchnic ganglion."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Tickle it and get ready for the ride of your lives!"
Enter Leela with one arm behind her.
Leela-Droid says: "Don't even think about tickling that ganglion!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Leela, you're just in time to help."
Farnsworth-Droid says: "If we don't get rid of the worms now, they'll burrow so deep into the bowel that not even Hermes' famous jerk prunes could dislodge them!"
Hermes-Droid says: "I call it "Caribbean Drain-o"!"
Farnsworth-Droid says: "Fry will be stuck with the worms forever."
Leela-Droid says: "Perfect."
She pulls out an axe and chops off the Farnsworth-droid's head. She smashes the rest of its body up, spins around and knocks off the Zoidberg-droid's head.
Zoidberg-Droid says: "Ouch!"
She takes another swing at Hermes' head and with one swing, knocks off Bender's and Amy's heads. She continues smashing up the pile of droid parts on the floor.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Cut to says: "The crew flail around on the floor in their net suits then take off their helmets."
Amy says: "I'm OK."
Farnsworth says: "Leela, you ignorant dope!"
Farnsworth says: "Now the worms will be in Fry forever."
Leela says: "So?"
Leela says: "Did you ever stop to think that Fry is better off with worms?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, that's stupid!"
The door opens and Fry appears.
Fry says: "If anyone wants to tell me what's going on here, I'll be in the lounge."
The door closes.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
Fry says: "Of all the parasites I've had over the years, these worms are among the-- Hell!"
Fry says: "They are the best!"
Fry says: "Leela, how can I ever repay you for saving them?"
Leela trails her finger around the table.
Leela says: "I'll think of something."
The gaze into each other's eyes. Bender rubs his chin.
Bender says: "'Ello!"
Bender says: "What's all this then?"
[Scene says: "Leela's Apartment Building Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela stand outside her apartment."
[Scene says: "She holds the flowers from earlier."
Fry says: "Apartment 1I."
Fry says: "The old me would have made a joke about that!"
Leela says: "I should warn you, it's a little under-furnished."
They walk in. Fry stops and stares in astonishment.
[Cut to says: "Leela's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The walls are white and there is a single chair in the middle of the room facing a TV on the wall."
Leela says: "I'm thinking of having a window installed."
Fry says: "I think the view's perfect already!"
Leela says: "Oh, that's the corniest thing I've ever heard!"
Leela says: "Let me show you the bedroom."
Fry holds her back.
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "In a minute."
They sit down. Fry pulls out a case and opens it. Something blue is inside.
Leela says: "A holophonor?"
Leela says: "Only a few people in the whole universe can play that, and they're not very good at it."
Fry says: "They don't have you to inspire them."
He assembles the holophonor and begins to play. A flare of blue-green light comes out of the end of the holophonor and swirls around above Fry's and Leela's heads. The spiral opens out into an image of a formally-dressed Fry and Leela dancing on the rings of a planet. They dance and the planet flies away into the distance. The image fades to the night sky of a planet. The clouds in the sky merge into outlines of Fry and Leela. The outlines kiss and a flash radiates from their lips. The holophonor has changed to an undersea setting. Two seals that look like Fry and Leela swim around with each other. They swim to the top of the sea and leap into the air beneath the full moon in the sky. A wave sweeps past the moon and spills onto the shoreline. On the beach a clam shell opens and, in the pearl, Fry and Leela dance some more. Fry lifts Leela into the air and the pearl flashes into hundreds of white sparks that fall around Leela's head. Fry's performance ends and Leela is speechless. She takes Fry's hand and walks with him into the bedroom.
[Scene says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela make out on her bed."
Leela says: "I don't have words to say how wonderful you are, Fry."
Leela says: "I haven't felt this happy since double-soup Tuesday at the orphanarium."
Fry says: "When I'm with you, every day seems like double-soup Tuesday."
Leela says: "Oh, Fry!"
Leela says: "I love what you've become."
She hugs him.
Fry says: "What I've become."
He sighs.
Leela says: "What is it?"
Fry says: "There's just something I have to find out."
He gets up and walks out of the apartment. Leela stands in her bedroom doorway and watches him go.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Fry stands on the scanner platform and the machine scans him."
[Scene says: "He takes his droid out of the egg and drops it down the back of his trousers."
[Scene says: "Fry's Bowels."
[Scene says: "Fry's droid looks across at the worm city and walks towards the main building."
[Cut to says: "Outside Worm Building."
[Cut to says: "Guards surround him."
Fry-Droid says: "Who controls this bowel?"
Worm Guard #1 says: "Who wants to know?"
Fry points at a gold statue of himself. Underneath the statue is the inscription "The Known Universe". The statue is in the same pointing pose as Fry is. The worms gasp and bow.
[Scene says: "Worm Building: Mayor's Room."
[Scene says: "The Worm Mayor sits on a throne and Fry stands before him with guards around him."
Worm Mayor says: "I am the Lord Mayor of Cologne."
Fry-Droid says: "You mean "colon"?"
Worm Mayor says: "State your business!"
Fry-Droid says: "Your Excellency, have you ever been in love?"
Worm Mayor says: "No."
Worm Mayor says: "I thought I was once but then I remember our species reproduces with a cloud of spores."
Fry-Droid says: "Well, a wonderful girl loves me."
Fry-Droid says: "But I need to know if it's really me she loves, or just what you worms have made of me."
Fry-Droid says: "That's why, with all due respect, I'm asking you to leave."
Worm Mayor says: "Listen, you: I was born here, I raised a cloud of children here, my ancestors came over here on the sandwich."
Worm Mayor says: "No one can make me leave."
He gets up off his throne and lunges at Fry. Fry ducks and grabs a sword off the wall and begins fighting with the Worm Mayor. The Worm Mayor backs him against an elevator. Fry hits the open button and they both go inside, still fighting.
[Cut to says: "Elevator."
[Cut to says: "Fry closes the door, blocking out the other guards."
[Cut to says: "He looks at the other buttons; Brain, Lungs, Liver, Ball Room."
[Cut to says: "He presses the brain button."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Brain."
[Cut to says: "Worms continue to tune-up Fry's brain."
[Cut to says: "The elevator doors open and the Worm Mayor and Fry continue to fight."
[Cut to says: "Worms head for the fight, drawing their swords."
[Cut to says: "The Worm Mayor grins as Fry is backed up against a nerve."
[Cut to says: "He climbs the nerve and the worms follow him up."
[Cut to says: "Fry reaches the top of the nerve and has nowhere left to go."
[Cut to says: "He holds out his sword."
Fry-Droid says: "Everyone out of my body or the brain gets it!"
Worm Mayor says: "He's bluffing!"
Worm Mayor says: "No creature would willingly make an idiot out of itself."
Fry-Droid says: "Obviously you've never been in love!"
Fry-Droid says: "Now, the hand-eye co-ordination lobe."
He cuts it and staggers around, cutting some more nerves. He batters the catwalk.
Worm Guard #1 says: "Stop it, man!"
Fry hits the catwalk again and it falls. The worms surround him with their swords. He crawls into a corner.
Worm Mayor says: "You've damaged your brain, Universe, but no more than a week of binge drinking or five minutes on a cell phone."
Fry stand up and draws his sword at another lobe.
Fry-Droid says: "I was just working my way towards the medulla oblongata, control centre of the heart and lungs."
Fry-Droid says: "And if I kill myself, you die with me."
The worms scream.
Worm Guard #2 says: "Wait a minute, man!"
Fry-Droid says: "I hope Satan has a nice colon, 'cause that's where you're gonna be living!"
He holds his sword back over his shoulder, ready to cut the medulla oblongata. The Worm Mayor stares in disbelief. Fry twitches.
Worm Mayor says: "Stop!"
Worm Mayor says: "We'll leave."
Worm Mayor says: "But one day you'll be eating a fast-food burger and boom!"
Worm Mayor says: "You'll be crawling with us again."
Worm Mayor says: "Ever wonder what makes special sauce so special?"
Worm Mayor says: "Yo!"
He points at himself. He gestures to the worms and they leave.
[Scene says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Leela is asleep on her bed."
[Scene says: "She is wearing sexy, near-see-through underwear."
[Scene says: "On her face is an open book called "True Stories Of Courageous Animals"."
[Scene says: "She snores loudly."
[Scene says: "Fry walks in and she wakes up."
Leela says: "Fry?"
Leela says: "I missed you."
Leela says: "Did you find out what you needed to find out?"
Fry says: "I'm about to."
Fry says: "Leela, let me play for you one for time."
Leela says: "You don't have to do that."
Leela says: "I'm still seduced from before."
Fry says: "Please, it's important to me."
He plays. Rather than the soothing, romantic music that played earlier in the day, Fry now plays creepy, unromantic music. The swirls come from the end of the holophonor and the head of Frankenstein's monster appears. He groans and screams then disappears.
Leela says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "I got nervous and I started thinking about neck bolts."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "Did you see that vase break?"
He makes smashing noises. Horrified, Leela pulls the blanket around herself.
Leela says: "What's happened to you?"
Fry says: "Nothing."
Fry says: "I got rid of the worms."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "Why would you do that?"
Fry says: "Leela, I had worms."
Fry says: "I needed to know who you loved."
Fry says: "Me or them."
Leela says: "Well..."
Leela says: "which of you wrote me that sonnet?"
Fry says: "I did..."
Fry says: "I think."
Fry says: "It was probably about 50/50."
Fry says: "But that's how I really felt about you, I swear!"
He reaches out to Leela but she moves back and sighs.
Leela says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "Please."
Fry says: "Give me a chance to be romantic on my own."
Fry says: "I've got a baggy of massage oil, and I'm gonna give you my super back rub, just like a I used to give Amy when I was going out with her, and she always seemed-- Uh-oh!"
Leela glares at him and angrily holds out his holophonor to him.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender stands in the doorway of Fry's room wearing pyjama bottoms."
[Scene says: "Fry sighs."
Bender says: "Sorry you struck out, sausage link."
[Cut to says: "Fry's Bedroom."
Bender says: "If it's any consolation, my life is great!"
Bender says: "Babes!"
Bender says: "Bucks!"
Bender says: "I got it all!"
Fry says: "Well, at least I learned Leela's a lost cause."
Fry says: "I give up."
Bender says: "There you go!"
Bender says: "Goodnight."
Bender says: "I gotta get up early to go parasailing with movie stars!"
The door closes. Fry picks up a book called "My First Holophonor" and leans it up on a chair. He pulls the chair towards him and plays his holophonor. Smooth, harmonic music comes from the holophonor. The holophonor swirls form a pink ball in the air. A smile trickles around the ball. A single eye opens in the middle of it and some purple hair held up in a ponytail appears on top. Fry smiles and continues playing.