[Opening Credits says: "Dictated But Not Read."
[Scene says: "Amy's apartment."
[Scene says: "Kif and Amy are watching Channel √2 News."
Linda says: "We now go live to our eye-in-the-sky hovercopter on the scene of that terrible hovercopter crash."
Linda says: "Jim?"
Linda says: "One for the blooper reel."
Kif says: "The news is so violent."
Kif says: "Let's watch Rachael Ray instead."
Kif says: "No, wait."
Kif says: "There might be chopping."
Amy says: "God, what a wuss."
Amy says: "Stop being such a spineless jellyfish."
Kif says: "You know full well that I am more closely related to the sea cucumber."
Amy says: "Not where it counts."
Morbo says: "I hated Jim!"
Morbo says: "In other news, our city's urine-soaked walls have been desicrated by a mysterious tile-work graffiti artist."
Linda says: "Police have no idea who is behind this innovative scourge of public art."
On the TV, an example of the graffiti is shown. It looks like Bender.
[Scene says: "New New York street."
[Scene says: "Bender is lowering himself using cables."
Bender says: "That is one sexy bridge abutment."
Time lapse. Bender is putting tile graffiti in various places. A hoverbus stop, a Richard Nixon "Despair" poster parodying the Barack Obama "Hope" poster and a tube transport station. At a freeway, Bender graffitis part of a sign so that it now reads "Free Corn" instead of "Freeway Ends At Corner".
Hyper-Chicken says: "Free corn?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "That'll suit me just fine."
Bender is still putting graffiti on various buildings.
Bender says: "The key is knowing precisely where to strike."
Bender says: "Oops!"
URL says: "Well, well."
URL says: "Time to beat him his rights."
Smitty says: "You know, that don't look half bad on your buttocks."
URL says: "It does sorta class-up the place."
Clock says: "The time is 4 am."
Amy says: "We've been arguing all night, Kif."
Amy says: "Can't we go to bed?"
Kif says: "Is that all you ever think about?"
Kif says: "I'm not just some piece of tofu, Amy."
Kif says: "I need to know where we stand in our relationship."
Amy says: "We're just going through a rough patch."
Kif says: "It is not a patch."
Kif says: "It's been ages, according to your wildly inappropriate "Hunk of the Month" calender."
He points to a calender with a male model wearing only a pair of briefs and holding a saxophone.
Amy says: "Leave Todd out of this!"
Todd says: "Thanks, babe."
Todd says: "Also, today is Canadian Independence Day."
Kif sighs.
Burping is heard. The phone displays an incoming call sign.
Amy says: "Oh, that's Bender's ringtone."
Amy says: "I recognize the smell."
Amy says: "Hello?"
Bender says: "Yo, Amy, I'm in the slammer."
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "That's enough lip from you, moneybags."
Bender says: "Just get 5 grand an bail me out."
Amy says: "I don't have that kind of money laying around."
Bender says: "Yeah, you do."
Bender says: "You know that floor safe where you keep 10 grand?"
Bender says: "There's 5 grand in there."
Bender says: "Don't make me wait!"
[Scene says: "Will Riker's Island, prison interior."
[Scene says: "Bender, Roberto, Joey Mousepad and other criminals are in a cell."
Bender says: "I better carve a shiv for protection."
URL says: "Rodríguez!"
URL says: "These two brothers bailed your ass out."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Thank God."
Bender says: "Tell me, have things changed on the outside."
Bender says: "Is food finally in pill form?"
Bender says: "What about pills?"
Bender says: "Are they in food form?"
Larry the Murder Burglar says: "Hey, hot stuff."
Larry the Murder Burglar says: "I'm Larry the Murder Burglar."
Amy says: "Hi, Larry."
Amy says: "I like your tattoos."
Kif says: "Amy, that man's a criminal!"
Amy says: "I was just checking out his tats."
Amy says: "Sneato!"
Amy says: "I have one of my mom."
Amy says: "Wanna see?"
Larry the Murder Burglar says: "Sure."
Amy shows him the tattoo on her butt. Kif stutters incoherently.
Kif says: "I just don't understand why you have to flirt with every bad boy in sight."
Amy says: "Quit exaggerating."
A criminal that Smitty and URL are escorting gets loose. He steals a lightsaber and holds it to Amy's throat.
Criminal says: "Nobody move, or sweet cheeks here gets it!"
Amy says: "Oh!"
Amy says: "You're bad!"
URL says: "Momma said, Spock you out!"
Kif says: "That's it, Amy."
Kif says: "Pardon my language, but I have had it with you ruffling my petticoats."
Kif says: "You and I are through."
Bender says: "Let's go already!"
[Scene says: "Forbidden Planet Hollywood."
[Scene says: "Where tourists come to mingle with tourists] Pan over the various exhibits, from Template:Sw feet to Iron Man's underpants, Elvis' pelvis and Calculon's agent."
Leela says: "Here's to Amy, single, lonely, and fabulous."
Amy says: "Thanks everybody."
Amy says: "Looks like I'm back in the game."
Bender says: "Yeah, the game of Old Maid."
Security woman says: "Excuse me, sir, are those yours?"
Bender says: "You're damn right."
Bender says: "And, before you ask, this is mine too."
Fry says: "Tough break, Amy."
Fry says: "Are you and Kif getting divorced?"
Amy says: "No."
Amy says: "Technically we were Fonfon rus, so we weren't really married."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "So, Amy, how can I phrase this delicately?"
Leela says: "Why did Kif dump you like a sack of yesterday's turds?"
Amy says: "He says I have a thing for bad boys."
Amy says: "It's so stupid."
Bender says: "The truth is often stupid."
Amy says: "Bender, why do you have to be so mean to me?"
Bender says: "Shut up, baby, you love it."
Amy says: "Don't tell me to shut up!"
Amy says: "You know what happened to the last guy that told me to shut up?"
Bender says: "What?"
[Scene says: "Amy's apartment."
[Scene says: "Amy and Bender are in bed together."
Amy says: "That was great."
Bender says: "Shut up."
Bender says: "Come over here."
[Scene says: "Tube Transport System."
Amy says: "Remember, love between a human and a robot is taboo."
Amy says: "We can't tell anyone, not even our co-workers."
Bender says: "Got it."
Bender says: "I'll show the utmost discretion as we get nasty in this glass tube."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Meeting room."
[Scene says: "The crew is sitting around the table."
Hermes says: "I think I'm coming down with circusitis."
Leela says: "I thought circusitis only affected children."
Hermes says: "Children of all ages."
Zoidberg says: "Bender, old friend."
Zoidberg says: "What's on your face?"
Bender says: "Uh."
Bender says: "Blood."
Bender says: "You know, from shaving of the face-beard."
Fry says: "Amy, are those gear imprints on your sweatpants?"
Amy says: "Uh, maybe."
Amy says: "So what?"
Fry says: "I only brought it up because Bender is wearing them."
Bender says: "Uh, I stole them from her."
Bender says: "Yeah, that's it, call the cops."
Hermes says: "Oh, my swollen feet."
Hermes says: "He takes his feet out of the tub of water."
Hermes says: "They have turned into clown shoes] I better take my pills."
Bender says: "Amy, I reckon sweet talk don't come natural to me, but of everyone I've ever dated, you are probably in the top ten."
Amy says: "Aw, you always say just the wrong thing in just the right way."
Preacherbot says: "Sinners!"
Preacherbot says: "Robosexuality is an abomination!"
Bender says: "Oy, this guy."
Preacherbot says: "The good book sayeth a robot shall not lie down with a human, nor do it standing up, nor any angle in between."
A crowd has formed. They agree with the Preacherbot.
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "A single mother!"
Bender says: "Let's get her!"
Bender and Amy walk off.
[Scene says: "Planet Express ship basement."
Farnsworth says: "Quickly, into the ship's basement!"
Farnsworth says: "That's why I need you folks to get out there and harvest a nice ripe one."
Farnsworth says: "This cattle prod should help."
Leela says: "How is that?"
Farnsworth says: "Get out there!"
[Scene says: "Planet Tornadus."
[Scene says: "The crew are situated around a tornado."
[Scene says: "They are using jet packs and devices to extract the tornado."
Leela says: "Is everybody in position?"
Amy says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "Is someone talking?"
Leela says: "Okay, good."
Leela says: "On three."
Leela says: "One."
Hermes says: "What did she say?"
Leela says: "Two."
Bender says: "Wait, I'm not in position."
Leela says: "Three."
Zoidberg says: "I'm ready for the countdown."
Leela says: "I'm not hearing anyone!"
Leela says: "Abort mission!"
Fry says: "She said, "Go!"
Everyone begins shooting wildly at the tornado.
Farnsworth says: "Good work, everyone."
Leela says: "Honestly, that went better than I expected."
Farnsworth says: "I just need to reduce it down into this pickle jar, toss in a bay leaf to impress those stupid judges."
Fry says: "Hey, where's Amy and Bender?"
Zoidberg says: "They're missing out on some hot pickle action."
The Professor presses a button and turns a switch on his machine. The tornado is being decanted into the pickle jar. Bender and Amy can be heard giggling.
Hermes says: "Sounds like a muskrat's caught in there."
Amy's sweatshirt whips around in the tornado.
Leela says: "That's Amy's sweatshirt!"
Bender's hat appears.
Fry says: "And that's Bender's hat from the Player's ball!"
Hermes says: "Sweet tornadoes of Barbados!"
Hermes says: "Bender and Amy have been torn to shreds!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, the humanity!"
Farnsworth says: "Also Bender!"
Amy says: "Uh-oh!"
Farnsworth says: "What's going on here?"
Bender says: "Uh."
Bender says: "Nothing."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Meeting room."
[Scene says: "Everyone except the Professor is sitting."
[Scene says: "The Professor is pacing back and forth."
Farnsworth says: "A pair of deviant robosexuals."
Farnsworth says: "Not under my roof!"
Bender says: "What about on the roof?"
Farnsworth says: "Get your mind out of the gutter!"
Bender says: "What about in the gutter?"
Leela says: "Professor, there is nothing wrong with robosexuality."
Hermes says: "Yeah, when the lights go out, it's nobody's business what happens between two consenting adults."
Zoidberg says: "Or one!"
Amy says: "Thanks, guys."
Amy says: "Everything will be okay just as long as my parents don't find out."
Farnsworth says: "Zai jian."
Amy says: "Mom?"
Amy says: "Dad?"
Leo says: "Come home, Amy."
Leo says: "It your decision."
Leo says: "We can't make you."
Leo says: "Atta girl!"
The Professor closes his cellphone again and begins whistling.
Bender says: "Uh-oh!"
Bender says: "not the innocent whistling!"
Preacherbot says: "Repent!"
Bender says: "Oy, this guy."
[Scene says: "Wong Ranch."
Inez says: "Look, we're your family."
Inez says: "And if you can't talk about your problems with us, that would be great."
Amy says: "I don't have a problem!"
Leo says: "You finish that word, you kill your parents."
Wine Bucket says: "Low wine level detected."
Amy says: "Thank you."
Leo says: "Stop seducing him, you hussy!"
Amy says: "Dad, gleesh!"
Amy says: "I'm attracted to Bender, not his emotionless wine bucket!"
Wine Bucket says: "Hopes deleted."
[Scene says: "Camp Rectifier."
[Scene says: "Praying on the weak since 2976."
Preacherbot says: "Robotic brothers, the path to Robot Hell is paved with human flesh."
In addition to Bender, there is the Hermaphrobot, Fatbot, and an unknown robot.
Bender says: "Neat!"
Preacherbot says: "Over the course of this escape-proof workshop, your software will be reprogrammed through prayer."
Preacherbot says: "And by some tech support guys in India."
Robosexual Robot says: "But I read in Esqwired that some robots are hardwired to be robosexual."
Preacherbot says: "Don't believe those lies, son!"
Preacherbot says: "The one ones worth believing are the ones in the Bible."
Preacherbot says: "Can I get an "Amen"?"
Hermaphrobot says: "I'll take a-three-men, holla!"
[Scene says: "Wong Ranch."
[Scene says: "Amy is rocking on a porch swing."
Inez says: "Come on, Amy!"
Inez says: "Pick a male human already!"
Inez says: "I want to be a grandmother nine months from five minutes from now."
Amy says: "Cut it out, Mom!"
Amy says: "I'm not interested in any of these gross, ugly losers."
Fry says: "What about this gross, ugly, smelly loser?"
Leo says: "Fry!"
Leo says: "What you doing here?"
Fry says: "I'm here to rescue Amy, uh..."
Fry says: "from her robosexual desires."
Amy says: "If I understand you correctly, I've seen the error of my ways?"
Leo says: "Look at all that awkward winking."
Inez says: "It must be love."
Amy says: "My parents may be evil, but at least they're stupid."
Preacherbot says: "In this phase, you will literally wrestle with your demons."
Preacherbot says: "Your shapely, buxom, human demons."
Fatbot says: "Look at the rack on that one!"
Fatbot says: "Oh!"
Fatbot says: "I mean, that one on the rack!"
Preacherbot says: "Now, work it hard!"
Preacherbot says: "Harder!"
Preacherbot says: "Till the sin explodes!"
Preacherbot says: "Ouch!"
Preacherbot says: "Mmmm."
Preacherbot says: "Mercy."
Preacherbot says: "Okay, Lord's work is done."
Preacherbot says: "Now, now, cuddle."
Preacherbot says: "Cuddle with your demons."
Bender says: "Oh, Amy."
Bender says: "I wonder where you are right now!"
Amy says: "I'm inside the dummy to rescue you."
Bender says: "That answers that."
Bender says: "Wait..."
Bender says: "Amy?"
Leela says: "Bender, be careful!"
Bender says: "Fry?"
Bender says: "Leela?"
Bender says: "You're in there, too?"
Bender says: "Blech."
Zoidberg says: "I guess we should have waited in the ship."
[Scene says: "Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Bender and Amy are kissing."
Bender says: "Listen up, everybody, I love Amy and I'm tired of pussyfootcupping around!"
Bender says: "I finally found someone I want to spend the rest of her life with."
Bender says: "Amy,  will you marry me?"
Amy says: "Yes!"
Amy says: "Yes!"
Everyone else beside the Professor begins cheering.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I'm just glad I didn't live to see this day!"
Farnsworth says: "Wait a second,  No!"
Zoidberg says: "Horray!"
Farnsworth says: "Horray denied!"
Farnsworth says: "Need I remind you that robosexual marriage is illegal!"
Leela says: "Not in Space Massachusetts."
Bender says: "You mean Space-tax-achusetts."
Bender says: "No chance, stretch pants!"
Bender says: "We're gonna fight to legalize it right here!"
Hermes says: "Yeah, man!"
Hermes says: "You got to legalize it!"
Amy says: "We're talking about robosexual marriage."
Hermes says: "We're talking about lots of stuff."
[Scene says: "Gearwhich Village Pride Parade."
[Scene says: "Fry is eating a hot dog."
The Hot Dog Stand grows limbs and a head.
Fry says: "Cool!"
Fry says: "Can you turn into a race car?"
Hot Dog Stand says: "Nah, I'm just a pre-op transformer."
Amy says: "Thank you for coming, everyone."
Amy says: "We're all having some good, clean fun here."
Amy says: "But it's time to discuss a pressing issue, the right to marry who, or what, we want!"
Randy says: "Our poodle has two daddies."
Bender says: "Interracial,  but not robot and human."
The crowd boos and the ghost boos in a scary tone.
Amy says: "That's why we're introducing this ballot initiative to legalize robosexual marriage."
The crowd cheers.
Bender says: "If you hate intolerance and begin punched in the face by me, please support Proposition Infinity!"
A montage of campaign efforts. Amy pins a button to an alien. He is popped by the button and floats away. Bender puts tile graffiti on URL's back and laughs.
Bender says: "Damn it!"
The montage continues while Bender gets hit by URL. The crew holds a sign that reads "Stand up for equality" while nearby the Professor, Hattie and two others have a sign that reads, "Fall down and be unable to get up for traditional marriage".
[Scene says: "√2 News broadcast."
<poem>Linda says: "As election day nears, prop infinity seems doomed to certain defeat."
Morbo says: "Doooooooomed!"
Linda says: "More fair and balanced coverage after a word from our sponsor, No on Infinity."
A Parody of the National Organization for Marriage's ad begins. Storm clouds roll in.
Actor 1 says: "A storm is gathering."
Actor 2 says: "A storm of robosexual marriage that will rain down on us like fire."
Actor 1 says: "It's probably a firestorm."
Actress says: "If robosexual marriage becomes legal, imagine the horrible things that will happen to our children, then imagine we said those things, since we couldn't think of any."
Actress says: "As a mother, those things worry me."
Man says: "Vote No on Infinity."
Man says: "Paid for by the Farnsworth Foundation."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Lounge."
Amy says: "We can't compete against that much stock footage of clouds!"
Amy says: "We're boned!"
Bender says: "But we still have one hope, my big televised debate!"
Bender says: "I'm our A in the hole!"
Fry says: "Professor, who's debating for your side?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, that guy, you know, I forget his name."
Farnsworth says: "That's him!"
George Takei's head says: "Good evening, I'm George Takei's head and neck, your host for tonight's debate."
George Takei's head says: "You may applaud."
George Takei's head says: "We flipped a coin before the debate and Bender stole it, so we'll start with him."
Bender says: "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I..."
Bender says: "Oops."
Bender says: "Sorry, force of habit."
Bender says: "I support this proposition because I love a goopy, flesh-and-blood woman, and not surprisingly, she loves me."
Bender says: "This is a simple matter of justice, which I'm not normally for."
Bender says: "So, please, vote yes."
Bender says: "After all, our love isn't any different than yours, except it's hotter, 'cause I'm involved."
The crowd cheers and applauds.
Takei says: "I haven't heard such an eloquent speech since Bill Shatner explained why he couldn't pay me back."
Takei says: "Rebuttal, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "This $4 coffee pot talks about love, but what he describes is perversion."
Bender says: "You wouldn't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles!"
Bender says: "You're just jealous, 'cause you've never known true love."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, no?"
Farnsworth says: "Back when I was full of piss and vinegar, and my bed wasn't, I fell in love with the sweetest girl to ever skip through a field of posies."
Farnsworth says: "How could she do that to me, her Farnypoo?"
Amy says: "That's it?"
Amy says: "You hate robosexual 'cause your girlfriend left you for a robot?"
Farnsworth says: "She didn't just leave me for a robot."
Farnsworth says: "She was a robot!"
Bender says: "Give me a hug."
George Takei's head says: "I, too, am hugging them in spirit."
George Takei's head says: "And now, they're hugging me back."
George Takei's head says: "Oh, my!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express Lounge."
[Scene says: "The crew is watching TV."
Linda says: "In a stunning turnout, voters have approved Proposition Infinity."
Linda says: "Robosexual marriage is now legal."
Morbo says: "What's next, gay robosexual marriage?"
The crew cheers.
Amy says: "We did it, honey!"
Amy says: "Finally, we can have a legal, monogamous marriage, like everyone else!"
Bender says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Monogamous?"
Cut back to Planet Express.
Radio announcer says: "And now, a long-distance dedication from a squishy, green bad boy to his pink pork dumpling."
Radio announcer says: "At number 12, it's Wailing Fungus with "Shut Up and Love Me"."
As the song plays, Kif and Amy ride off into the sunset.
Closing Credits.
Wailing Fungus says: "I told you where."
I told you when.
I told you how.
And we'll meet up at ten.
But you keep on talkin'.
You keep on yackin'.
Chorus says: "Shut up and love me!"
Chorus says: "Shut up and love me!"