[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Nominated For Three Glemmys."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Most of the staff are sat around the table."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "I've taught the toaster to feel love."
Farnsworth says: "And Hermes returns from his vacation today."
Enter Hermes. There is a Brain Slug attached to his head. It is a small green blob with one eye and two antennae. Hermes has a glazed expression. The others seem oblivious.
Hermes says: "Good morning, people."
Fry says: "Hey, Hermes!"
Zoidberg says: "Hello!"
Leela says: "Good to see you."
Farnsworth says: "Yo!"
Bender says: "My man!"
Hermes sits down.
Amy says: "So how was the Spleef Nebula?"
Hermes says: "The flight had a stopover on the Brain Slug Planet."
Hermes says: "Hermes liked it so much he decided to stay of his own free will."
Fry says: "Hermes has all the fun."
Fry says: "Wait a second!"
Fry says: "He's got a Brain Slug on his head!"
Leela says: "Shh!"
Leela says: "You're gonna get us all assimilated!"
Amy says: "Just act normal and switch to a garlic shampoo."
Hermes says: "On to new business."
Hermes says: "Today's mission is for all of you to go to the Brain Slug Planet."
Zoidberg says: "What are we going to do there?"
Hermes says: "Just walk around not wearing a helmet."
Farnsworth says: "Sounds great, Hermes!"
Farnsworth says: "Whatever you say."
Farnsworth says: "Let's ditch him and go to the movies!"
Fry says: "Hey, yeah!"
The others agree.
Zoidberg says: "I'm seeing a movie with friends!"
They get up and leave. Hermes drones.
[Scene says: "Outside Loew's Aleph-0 Plex."
[Scene says: "Some of the movies showing are It Came From Planet Earth, Shaft On Africon-9 and When A Man Loves A Smizmar."
[Scene says: "The gang look at some others that are advertised outside."
[Scene says: "Fry points at a Galaxy Wars poster."
Fry says: "Cool!"
Fry says: "Let's see this one!"
Leela says: "Nah."
Leela says: "I'm not in the mood for a historical documentary."
Leela says: "I've heard good things about Quizblorg, Quizblorg."
She points to a poster which features two smartly-dressed green blobs picnicking on green grass.
Amy says: "Guk!"
Amy says: "I hate subtitles."
Amy says: "Alien films are so pretentious."
Zoidberg says: "Fellows!"
Zoidberg says: "Fellows!"
Zoidberg says: "How about a film we can all enjoy?"
Zoidberg says: "Planet Of The Clams."
Zoidberg says: "It's about an upside-down world where lobster is slave to clam."
Bender says: "Who invited you?"
Bender says: "Let's just see All My Circuits: The Movie."
Fry says: "Yeah, I wanna see that."
The others agree.
Bender says: "Good point, Bender."
[Scene says: "Loew's Aleph-0 Plex Refreshments."
[Scene says: "A robot with flashing zits stands behind the counter."
Fry says: "I'll take a small Slurm."
Refreshment-bot says: "For only 25 cents less, you can get a super-small."
Fry says: "Uh, OK."
Fry says: "Oh, man!"
Bender says: "Hey, gimme a large diet malt liquor and a popcorn with extra motor oil."
The robot pumps oil onto the tub of popcorn.
[Scene says: "Loew's Aleph-0 Plex Auditorium."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sits in the front row."
Farnsworth says: "Down in front!"
The others are sat a few rows back. An old-fashioned black and white newsreel starts.
Announcer says: "Glagnar's Human Rinds presents: This Week In The Universe."
The titles come on and show a biplane flying around a galaxy.
Fry says: "Ooh, this is real futuristic!"
The guys from Mystery Science Theater 3000 are sat at the other end of the row.
Crow T. Robot says: "Shh!"
Crow T. Robot says: "Don't talk during the movie."
Announcer says: "And in the world of Ultimate Robot Fighting, the Masked Unit wins his championship bout against Gorgeous Gonks by technical melting."
The Masked Unit throws the other robot to the canvas and melts him using eye lasers. Bender waves his arm in the air.
Bender says: "You mind taking your head off?"
Robot says: "I'm sorry, sir, but I need it to watch the movie."
Bender says: "Just ask Flabby over here to describe it to you later."
Robot says: "Sir, she is as the factory made her."
Bender says: "Well they should have stopped making her about halfway through."
A "Not Suitable For Aliens From Planet M-14" restriction comes up on the screen. Two three-eyed, three-legged aliens grumble and leave. The opening credits roll with a Bond-esque theme and titles with naked Fembot silhouettes and guns. Credits like "Directed by Directing Unit 4", "Written by Writing Unit 5 and Writing Unit 12 & Joe Eszterhas" come up. A Fembot dives off the end of a laser barrel.
Fembot says: "Whee!"
A wipe opens on Calculon sitting in an office.
Calculon says: "Calculon Enterprises."
Monique says: "Calculon, a fight scene has broken out at the special effects warehouse."
Monique says: "Come quickly before a fiery explosion chases someone down a hallway."
Two laser blasts hit a building behind her. Calculon hangs up.
The scene freezes.
Mr. Moviefone says: "If you want Calculon to race to the laser gun battle in his hover-Ferarri, press 1."
Mr. Moviefone says: "If you want Calculon to double-check his paperwork, press 2."
Mr. Moviefone says: "Enter now."
Mr. Moviefone says: "You have pressed 2."
Fry says: "No, I didn't!"
Mr. Moviefone says: "I'm almost positive you did."
Time Lapse. Night has fallen outside. Calculon check his paperwork.
Calculon says: "Add in the carryover from form 16A, then deduct line 2B..."
Bender kicks the back of the robot's chair.
Robot says: "Pardon me, sir, but you seem to be inadvertently kicking my seat."
Bender says: ""Pardon me, sir, but you seem to be bleh, bleh..."
Robot says: "Yes, that's the gist of what I said."
Robot says: "Would you mind?"
Bender says: "Sure thing, pal."
He carries on kicking the chair.
Robot says: "Uh, sir?"
Bender flicks a kernel at the robot's head then turns around.
Bender says: "Who threw that?"
Robot says: "That's it!"
Robot says: "Sir, I challenge you to fisticuffs!"
Bender laughs as the robot transforms into what a muscular robot would look like if they had muscles.
Bender says: "Oh, I'm boned."
The robot shoots laser beams from his eyes at Bender. Bender ducks out of the way and the laser beams hit his seat. Other people run, screaming as the movie jams and the lights come back on.
Hattie says: "Let's all go to the lobby!"
Bender, still clutching his popcorn, runs from the robot as it tramples down seats. Bender runs across the front row of seats, past Farnsworth who hasn't moved, and stops when he reaches a wall. He drops his popcorn. The robot's voice is much deeper.
Robot says: "I'm gonna open a file of whup-ass on you!"
He steps forward and slips on the motor oil and falls to the ground. He groans and shuts down. The others gather around. Leela gasps.
Leela says: "Bender, do you know who that was?"
She opens a panel in the front of the robot. It is the Masked Unit.
Man #1 says: "Cripes!"
Man #1 says: "The Masked Unit!"
Man #1 says: "You knocked him out cold."
The others gasp and murmur.
Man #2 says: "I'm impressed."
Flabby puts her arms around Bender. A man wearing a brown suit and a red tie with extremely bushy eyebrows pushes through the crowd. His name is Abner Doubledeal.
Doubledeal says: "Son, I'm the commissioner of Ultimate Robot Fighting."
Doubledeal says: "I'm a connoisseur of jerks like you who pick fights in movie theatres and you're the biggest I've ever seen."
Bender says: "You should see me at funerals."
Doubledeal says: "Kid, I want you in the Ultimate Robot Fighting League."
Bender says: "Ultimate Robot Fighting?"
Bender says: "Sounds pleasant!"
Bender says: "I'll do it."
The crowd cheers and waves.
Flabby says: "My hero!"
She kisses him. Farnsworth still hasn't moved and wipes his eyes.
Farnsworth says: "Aw."
Farnsworth says: "They don't make movies like this anymore."
He blows his nose.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff are gathered around Bender."
Bender says: "I'm gonna be the greatest Ultimate Robot Fighter ever."
Bender says: "Float like a floatbot, sting like an automatic stinging machine!"
Amy says: "Bender, you can't be an Ultimate Robot Fighter."
Amy says: "It's the most brutal form of competition in the galaxy!"
Bender says: "It is?"
Farnsworth says: "There are no rules."
Farnsworth says: "Two robots enter, one robot leaves."
Farnsworth says: "Then later the other robot leaves after being declared the winner."
Bender says: "Well, that doesn't sound so bad."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, did I mention the crippling, agonising pain?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm pretty sure I did."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes, definitely."
Bender says: "Crippling pain?"
Bender says: "That's not covered by my insurance fraud!"
Bender says: "Count me out."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "You've got to do it."
Leela says: "I don't care how suicidal it is."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "How come when I wanna do fun stuff that'll kill me you're against it?"
Leela says: "This is more important than that marble-eating contest, Fry!"
Leela says: "It's about pride."
Leela says: "Let me tell you a story from my childhood."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, again with the orphanarium!"
Leela says: "When I was growing up at the orphanarium, I got picked on a lot."
Flashback. A teenage Leela and some teenage boys are dressed in martial arts uniforms.
Leela says: "My only outlet was Arcturan Kung Fu."
Teenage Leela takes on two guys and floors them. Her teacher, a green alien called Fnog watches.
Fnog says: "Excellent."
Fnog says: "Bill, Keith, you will go to Junior Championships."
Fnog says: "Bill, congratulate Keith when he regains consciousness."
Leela says: "But, Master Fnog, I can beat these dorks with one eye closed."
Fnog says: "Perhaps."
Fnog says: "But there is more to winning than beating your opponent."
Fnog says: "You lack the will of the warrior."
Leela says: "What do you mean?"
Leela says: "Watch this!"
She kicks Bill in the stomach.
Bill says: "Ow!"
Fnog says: "No girl has the will of a warrior."
Fnog says: "You have the will of a housewife or, at best, the schoolmarm."
Leela says: "That's it."
Leela says: "I'll take you on right now."
Fnog says: "Very well."
Fnog says: "But, you see, I have the will of the warrior."
Fnog says: "Therefore, the battle is already over."
Fnog says: "The winner?"
Fnog says: "Me!"
Fnog says: "Rematch?"
Fnog says: "You lose again!"
Fnog says: "Had enough?"
Fnog says: "I thought so!"
He and the other guys laugh.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "I lost my chance to be a champion."
Leela says: "I won't let you throw away yours."
Bender says: "Leela's right!"
Bender says: "I don't wanna end up a loser like her."
Bender says: "Count me back in!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The table, chairs and water cooler have been moved to the window side of the room so there is an open training area for Bender."
Leela says: "Let's see what you got."
Leela says: "Touch your toes."
Bender reaches down but struggles. His torso snaps off at his waist and the top half of his body falls to the floor. He tries to reach his toes but is too far away.
Bender says: "Still..."
Bender says: "can't..."
Bender says: "reach!"
[Montage says: "Leela does a spinning kick and indicates for Bender to try."
[Montage says: "He kicks his leg and it extends and wraps itself around his neck, choking him."
[Montage says: "Next, Bender does one-armed press ups, first with his left arm, then his right, and then with neither."
[Montage says: "A car jack comes out of his chest and pushes him up and down."
[Montage says: "He stands up."
Bender says: "Let's commence preparations for rumbling!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "The bleachers are packed for RobotMania XXVII."
[Scene says: "Leela rubs Rust-Oleum onto Bender's shoulders."
[Scene says: "The referee is an alien shaped like one of Kif's species but has black and white stripes running down his body."
Referee says: "Ladies and gentlemen and smizmars, welcome to tonight's main event."
Referee says: "In this corner, from Mom's Friendly Robot Factory in America's heartland, Mexico: Bender!"
Referee says: "And in this corner, from and made of Parts Unknown: The Clearcutter!"
The Clearcutter is a lumberjack robot with an axe on the end of one arm and a chainsaw on another. The other Planet Express staff are sat with Bender's fans.
Fry says: "Bender rules!"
Hermes says: "I got you an official Bender hat."
He takes a Brain Slug out of his jacket and hands it to Fry.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "Thanks, Hermes!"
Fry says: "I-- Hey!"
Fry says: "Cut that out!"
He hands it back. The fight bell rings.
Bender says: "You can't hit what you can't see!"
The Clearcutter kicks Bender against the ropes. He bounces back and the Clearcutter hits him with the axe. He throws Bender down and Bender groans.
Leela says: "Get up, Bender."
Leela says: "You can't quit every time you get an axe in the back."
Leela says: "Or a drill through your face."
Leela says: "Now quit scratching your axe-hole and get out there."
Bender stands up again. The Clearcutter leans on the ropes, making them tense. He then cuts through the post and is catapulted towards Bender. Bender tries a flying kick. His leg wraps around his neck and the Clearcutter hits his footcup. The Clearcutter sparks and his head explodes, followed by the rest of his body. Bender looks at the flaming wreckage.
Bender says: "Huh?"
Referee says: "And the winner is..."
Referee says: "Bender!"
He holds up his severed arm. Bender takes it and puts it back in its socket. The crowd cheers.
[Scene says: "Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Doubledeal walks in with Bender."
[Scene says: "Bender has a plaster over the hole in his head."
Doubledeal says: "Nice work out there, kid."
Bender says: "Y'know, I think I he might be dead."
Bender says: "I took a life!"
He cheers. Enter the Clearcutter, all in one piece.
Clearcutter says: "Hi, boss."
Clearcutter says: "Yo, dude!"
Bender says: "Hey, he's not dead."
Bender says: "What's up with that?"
Doubledeal says: "What, you didn't read the pamphlet?"
Doubledeal says: "Ultimate Robot Fighting's a scam, kid."
Doubledeal says: "It's rigged."
Doubledeal says: "It's a secret, so keep it under your head, but the most popular robot always wins."
Bender says: "You mean I'm not a great fighter?"
Bender says: "I just won 'cause I'm popular?"
Doubledeal says: "Bingo!"
Bender says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bender says: "I'm popular!"
Doubledeal says: "In fact, you're more than popular, you're pure lowest common denominator."
Bender does a victory dance.
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
Bender says: "Go Bender!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Another fight."
Referee says: "Presenting Bender the Offender!"
Bender says: "I'm just an ex-con trying to go straight and get my kids back."
The crowd cheers.
Referee says: "Versus..."
Referee says: "Billionairebot!"
Billionairebot laughs in a snooty way. He wears a top hat and monocle and cash is built in to his hands. The crowd boos. The fight starts. Bender takes Billionairebot's watch from his pocket and wraps it around him, trapping his arms. He picks up a barrel from outside the ring with "Very Poor" written on it and puts it over Billionairebot. The crowd cheers.
Time Lapse.
Referee says: "Versus: The Foreigner!"
The stereotypical Spanish robot turns to the crowd.
Foreigner says: "I'm not from here!"
Foreigner says: "I have my own customs!"
Foreigner says: "Look at my crazy passport!"
While he isn't looking, Bender grabs him from behind and stuffs the Earth flag in his mouth and kicks him out of the ring.
Time Lapse.
Referee says: "Versus..."
Referee says: "The Chain Smoker!"
The robot looks like a cigarette machine. The crowd boos.
Chain Smoker says: "I love smoking."
Chain Smoker says: "And after I win the fight I'm heading straight to your favourite restaurant."
He blows smoke over the crowd. Bender takes a chair out of his chest cabinet and hits him with it then smokes a cigar.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela sits impatiently on the press bench tapping her foot."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in wearing a furry coat and with his arms around two Fembots."
Bender says: "You know, I'm also an Ultimate Robot Lover."
The Fembots giggle.
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "You're three hours late."
Leela says: "You can't give up on your training now after both of us worked so hard."
Bender says: "What do you mean, "we"?"
Leela says: "I said "us"."
Bender says: "Hey, Bender the Offender doesn't need you."
Bender says: "Bender the Offender doesn't need anybody!"
Fembot #1 says: "What about us, Mr."
Fembot #1 says: "The Offender?"
Bender says: "Well obviously I need floozies!"
Bender says: "Let's roll!"
They walk out.
[Scene says: "URFL Building: Doubledeal's Office."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in with the Fembots."
[Scene says: "Doubledeal is there along with Billionairebot, the Chain Smoker and the Foreigner."
Bender says: "Howdy, chief."
Bender says: "For my next bout, what do you say I fight these two bimbos in some mud?"
Doubledeal says: "Actually, we've decided to go in a different direction."
Bender says: "What if I told your we wouldn't be fighting in the conventional sense?"
Doubledeal says: "Bender, your popularity is slipping."
He holds up a chart with a red line pointing down.
Foreigner says: "Sales of your Bender Brand French milk bath soaps are down 20%."
Bender takes one and sniffs it.
Bender says: "Those morons!"
Bender says: "I said pea berry, not sandalwood!"
Doubledeal says: "Damnit, Bender!"
Doubledeal says: "If you can't move sandalwood, you don't belong in this league!"
Doubledeal says: "That's why you're gonna lose next week's title match."
Bender says: "But the crowd loves me."
Doubledeal says: "Perhaps."
Doubledeal says: "But let's see how they feel about your new persona: The Gender Bender."
He holds up a pink tutu with "The Gender Bender" written on it.
Billionairebot says: "You'll be the most unpopular robot fighter since Sergeant Faeces Processor."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Well what if I don't let the new guy win?"
Doubledeal says: "Then he'll just have to beat you the old-fashioned way: To death!"
Doubledeal says: "Melissa, send in the new kid."
A shutter door slides open. A huge robot, covered in spikes, enters via the wall.
Destructor says: "I am Destructor!"
He laughs maniacally. Bender puts the tutu on.
Bender says: "See you at the fight."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender is sat on the couch with the others around him."
Bender says: "So then I said, "See you at the fight."
Bender says: "" And that's the story."
Fry says: "Man, I thought Ultimate Robot Fighting was real, like pro wrestling."
Fry says: "But it turns out it's fixed, like boxing."
Bender says: "It's one thing to win a fixed fight; there's dignity in that."
Bender says: "But to lose?"
Bender says: "And in this atrocity?"
Bender says: "I can't do it!"
Bender says: "Leela, you gotta train me to win."
Leela says: "No way!"
Leela says: "If you wouldn't take my help when you didn't need it, why should I give it to you now when you do need it?"
Farnsworth says: "What the hell are you talking about?"
Leela says: "I don't know."
Leela says: "But I'm not helping."
She turns on the TV. Bender the Offender is standing on top of the world with the Earth flag waving behind him.
Announcer says: "You loved him as Bender the Offender!"
Announcer says: "Now get ready to hate him as he threatens your sexuality in his new persona..."
Announcer says: "The Gender Bender!"
The picture is replaced with Bender in the tutu wearing a wig. He is lying on a bed kicking his legs back and forth and holding a pink phone.
Bender says: "I'm a real toughie!"
Announcer says: "Squaring off this Sunday versus Destructor!"
The picture is replaced with Destructor talking into a red phone.
Destructor says: "And stop calling me!"
The camera pans down to his feet where Master Fnog is standing.
Fnog says: "I am Destructor's trainer, Master Fnog."
Fnog says: "My pupil will be victorious for he has the will of a warrior!"
He laughs.
Leela says: "Not Fnog!"
Leela says: "Bender, let's hit the gym."
Leela says: "I'm gonna teach you to fight like a girl!"
Bender says: "I'll put on my tutu!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Thousands have turned out for the championship bout where there is "no" gambling."
[Scene says: "The crowds cheer as Howard Cosell's voice introduces the fight."
"Cosell" says: "Hello and welcome to a remarkable championship bout."
"Cosell" says: "Destructor, a robotic armoured tank, whose very use at battle has been ruled a war crime, versus Gender Bender, who wears a pink tutu."
"Cosell" says: "This is Rich Little, imitating Howard Cosell, here at ringside with George Foreman."
"Cosell" says: "George, a word in edgewise?"
Foreman says: "This could be the most one-sided fight since 1973 when Ali faced an 80-foot tall mechanical Joe Frazier."
Foreman says: "M-My memory's not what it used to be but I think the entire Earth was destroyed."
Little says: "Interesting, if true."
Little says: "The Vegas odds tonight stand at an unprecedented 1000-0; a bet of $0 on Bender pays $1000 if he wins."
Little says: "Still, very few takers."
Foreman says: "It's not-not a smart bet."
In the ring, Fnog does some last-minute training with Destructor. Bender punches the pads on Hermes' hands while Leela reads through the script.
Leela says: "According to the script, you're supposed to prance out and tickle him with your fairy wand."
Leela says: "Instead, I want you to prance out and kick his head off!"
Bender says: "Got it."
Bender says: "Large kickle, hold the tickle!"
He throws some kicks and kicks off Hermes' Brain Slug.
Hermes says: "Thank God I'm free of that nightmare!"
Bender says: "Sorry, buddy."
Bender says: "Here you go!"
He puts it back on top of Hermes' head.
Hermes says: "Thank you."
Hermes says: "It was cold down there on the floor."
Amy, Zoidberg and Farnsworth sit in the bleachers.
Amy says: "Here, Professor, I got you a programme."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, good."
Farnsworth says: "Just let me put on my reading glasses."
Farnsworth says: "Why, Zoidberg, there's a lovely photo of you in here."
The bell rings and the referee's mic drops into the ring.
Referee says: "In this corner, the confused young robot with the golden curls."
Referee says: "Weighing 525lbs: The Gender Bender!"
The crowd boos.
Zapp says: "Boo!"
Nixon says: "Get that hippie out of the ring!"
Referee says: "And in these two corners, weighing 400 tons, the gizmo from Pismo..."
Referee says: "Beach, Destructor!"
Destructor bangs his knuckles together. Leela rubs Bender's shoulders and Fnog arrives.
Fnog says: "So, we meet again."
Fnog says: "Most amusing: Girl who acts like fighter training fighter who acts like girl."
Leela says: "Keep laughing, Fnog!"
Leela says: "Ready, Bender?"
Bender says: "I was born ready!"
Bender says: "Gimme the bell!"
Destructor punches him in the head, knocking him flat against the floor. He tries to crawl away but Destructor grabs his legs and hits him against the floor. The crowd cheers.
Foreman says: "This seems like as good a time as any time to bring up my new grill for no reason."
Foreman says: "With its patented design, the fat drains directly into my mouth."
Destructor carries on killing Bender.
Bender says: "For God's sakes, Fry!"
Fry turns around. There is a Brain Slug on his head. He drones.
Hermes says: "That's exactly what I was thinking."
Destructor stands Bender on his feet and punches him in slow-motion à la Raging Bull.
Bender says: "Mommy!"
Leela says: "OK, Fnog, that's enough."
Leela says: "Call him off."
Leela says: "Fnog?"
Leela says: "Hmm."
Destructor stamps on Bender.
Bender says: "Why won't anyone help me?"
Leela follows the cable under the ring. Fnog watches Destructor on a screen and controls him with a VR suit.
Leela says: "So, once more we meet again."
Fnog says: "Huh?"
Leela says: "You didn't train Destructor."
Leela says: "You're just controlling him like a puppet."
Leela says: "I mean, cheating in a fake fight."
Leela says: "That's low!"
Fnog says: "Better than being a girl."
Fnog says: "Like you."
Fnog says: "You're a girl!"
He laughs.
Leela says: "Oh, right."
Leela says: "Girls lack the will of the warrior!"
She kicks and punches at him. In the ring, Destructor starts mimicking Fnog's moves, holding his arms up to defend himself from no one. Bender gets up.
Bender says: "Huh?"
Bender says: "It's bendering time!"
Bender says: "Take this."
Bender says: "And this!"
Fnog says: "You were an excellent student."
Fnog says: "Too bad I was a lousy teacher!"
He fights back. Destructor copies and beats up Bender some more.
Bender says: "I think you misunderstood the concept of "bendering time"!"
Fnog has Leela on the floor.
Fnog says: "See you in girl hell."
Fnog says: "I'll be in boy hell -- much nicer!"
He punches. Leela grabs his wrist and stops Destructor's punch. She looks at the screen and slams Fnog's fist into the ground. Destructor's fist comes through the canvas and knocks him out.
Leela says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
The referee counts him out and the bell dings.
Referee says: "And the winner is Destructor!"
The crowd cheers.
Little says: "I've not seen a spectacle of this nature in all my years impersonating a sportscaster."
Foreman says: "It sure was some fight."
Foreman says: "Interesting side note: As a head without a body, I envy the dead."
Little says: "No argument here."
Time Lapse. The bleachers have cleared. The Planet Express staff crowd around Bender who has been flattened.
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "How did the fight go?"
Fry says: "I heard somebody got flattened!"
Amy says: "Fry, where's your Brain Slug?"
Farnsworth picks up the limp alien from the floor.
Farnsworth says: "Poor little guy starved to death."
Leela says: "I'm proud of you, Bender."
Leela says: "Sure, you lost."
Leela says: "You lost bad."
Leela says: "But the important thing is I beat up someone who hurt my feelings in high school."
She chuckles.
Bender says: "I'm in tremendous pain here."
Doubledeal pushes through.
Doubledeal says: "Great job, kid."
Doubledeal says: "You lost and you made it look almost half real."
Doubledeal says: "I want you to have this card good for 10% off at Bed Bath & Beyond."
He puts it in Bender's chest cabinet and leaves.
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "I'm the greatest!"
Bender says: "The greatest!"
He groans. Leela rolls him up and she and Fry carry him off.
Little says: "And so ends the chronicle of one of the greatest ever to play the sport."
Foreman says: "And he didn't look half bad in the tutu."
Little says: "That he did surely not."
Foreman says: "What?"
Closing Credits.