The Hypnotoad is shown on screen.
Bender says: "."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Professor Farnsworth's laboratory."
[Scene says: "The Professor looks as if he's working on some sort of experiment."
[Scene says: "He catches a fly with some tweezers and drops it in a test tube to burn it."
[Scene says: "Fry comes in with his hair looking like an afro just like in "Hell is Other Robots"."
Fry says: "Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy."
Farnsworth says: "OK."
Fry says: "That's all."
Farnsworth says: "So!"
Farnsworth says: "?"
Farnsworth says: "What of it?"
Fry says: "Well, why is– those things?"
Farnsworth gasps.
Farnsworth says: "You mean you don't remember?"
Fry says: "Nope, nothing."
Fry says: "It's like when I passed out in college, except no one drew magic marker penises on my forehead."
Farnsworth sighs.
Farnsworth says: "Well, I suppose it's for the best, considering the unbearable horrors you've endured."
Farnsworth says: "Let's never speak of it again."
[Flashback says: "On the Nimbus."
Zapp says: "Fire all weapons and open a hailing frequency for my victory yodel."
Cut to Planet Express ship.  Laser shots.  The crew shouts and screams.  Zapp begins yodelling.  Kif sighs in the same manner as Zapp.
Farnsworth says: "And so, as you and Leela kissed goodbye in a tender display of toungesmanship, we plunged into a massive wormhole."
Farnsworth says: "Never to be seen again."
The ship flies through the wormhole, arriving near Earth.
Bender says: "Yeah, we're back."
The crew cheers.
Hermes says: "Sweet coincidence of Port-au-Prince, we're back at Earth!"
Farnsworth says: "Of course, that was the Panama Wormhole, Earth's central channel for shipping!"
Zoidberg laughs.
Zoidberg says: "How humorous."
Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Farnsworth says: "It's sort of a Comedy Central channel, and we're on it now!"
Amy says: "I get it!"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the Planet Express ship, the Nimbus crawls up upon them and shoots and hits them."
Cut to interior Planet Express ship.
Fry says: "We've lost power to the forward Game Boy, Mario not responding!"
Leela says: "Brace for emergency landing!"
Farnsworth says: "Rodger that, activate Safety Spheres!"
Farnsworth says: "Also mine has air conditioning."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Headquarters exterior shot."
[Scene says: "The hangar door opens."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship crashes into the road next to it."
[Scene says: "Zapp is still yodelling."
[Scene says: "The Nimbus crashes into the Planet Express ship."
Flashback ends.
Farnsworth says: "Yet, thanks to my trusty safety sphere, I surblibed with only tribial bray dablage."
Fry says: "And the others?"
Farnsworth says: "Right here behind this horror cloth."
Fry says: "Are they dead?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, no no no, much worse."
Farnsworth draws the horror cloth away revealing the heads of the crew, Kif, LaBarbara and Zapp attached to their skeletons hanging by wires.  Fry screams.
Opening credits.
Farnsworth says: "Move over God!"
Farnsworth says: "Prepare for rebirth!"
Farnsworth says: "Come on, stem cells."
Farnsworth says: "Work your astounding scientific nonsense!"
The dead bodies drop themselves in the machine stem cells.
Fry says: "Fetal steam cells?"
Fry says: "Aren't those controversial?"
Farnsworth says: "In your time yes, but nowadays, shut up!"
Farnsworth says: "Besides, these are adult stem cells harvested from perfectly healthy adults, whom I killed for their stem cells."
A head gets out from a hole. Farnsworth takes the full body out with some tweezers. The body is revealed to be Hermes.
Fry says: "Hermes Conrad!"
Hermes says: "Oh, mon!"
Hermes says: "I'm dripping with placenta!"
Hermes says: "Good thing it's Casual Friday."
Amy gets out.
Fry says: "Amy Wong!"
Amy says: "Oh, baby soft!"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Dr. Zoidberg gets out.
<poem>Hermes says: "Dr."
<poem>Hermes says: "Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "Hermes, my friend!"
Zoidberg says: "Let me cut off your umbilical cord."
Zoidberg says: "Oops."
Scruffy, LaBarbara and Kif get out.
Fry says: "And the rest!"
Amy says: "Hooray, we're back in business!"
Zapp says: "Over my dead body."
Zapp says: "Uh, never mind."
The hole of the machine is moving.
Bender says: "I'm dying."
Bender says: "I need mouth to ass resuscitation."
Fry says: "I'm on it!"
Fry says: "It's not working!"
Bender says: "I die happy knowing you fell for that."
Farnsworth says: "His power supply is shot!"
Farnsworth says: "He is flatlining!"
Bender says: "Woo!"
Bender says: "I've never felt so energetic!"
Farnsworth says: "That's because the doomsday device I shoved all up in you puts out 50 gigawatts."
Bender says: "Who are you?"
Bender says: "My warranty?"
Farnsworth says: "For God's sake, Bender!"
Farnsworth says: "Keep dancing, keep whooping it up!"
Farnsworth says: "You must burn off the doomsday energy as fast as it produces, or it will build to critical levels."
Bender says: "You don't mean..."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, but I do."
Farnsworth says: "If you stop partying for a single second, you'll explode and kill everyone here in a fireball of melting gears and splattered bowels."
Bender says: "Sounds like a party, baby!"
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Speaking of splattered bowels, can I cook you a romantic dinner tonight, Leela?"
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "Where's Leela?"
Fry says: "Is she okay?"
Fry says: "Why hasn't she acknowledged my dinner offer?"
Farnsworth says: "Something's wrong!"
Farnsworth says: "She's not responding to my poking stick."
Fry says: "Poke harder, damn it!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm poking as hard as I can!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm sorry, Fry,  but I'm afraid Leela is in an irreversible coma."
Fry is worried.
Bender says: "Coma, coma, coma, coma, coma, chameleon!"
Fry says: "My soul mate is gone."
Fry says: "Why should I go on living?"
Bender says: "Because the pain slowly fades but the love is forever."
Fry says: "But, what if I forget the sweet sound of her voice or the moist touch of her eyeball on my lips?"
Bender says: "Aw!"
Bender says: "Are you still hung up on Whatshername?"
Bender says: "Move on already!"
Fry says: "Maybe you're right."
Bender says: "Maybe I'm always right."
[Montage says: "Fry walks sadly on the street and sees a café called "Starbabe's Cocoffee", with a cyclops as logo."
[Montage says: "Then he sees a movie theatre which is now showing a movie called "That Darn Cyclops"."
Fry says: "Build-A-Bot Workshop?"
Fry says: "It's time to start living again!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the shop."
[Cut to says: "Two kids and their mothers are seeing the robot pieces."
[Cut to says: "Some signs say "Build me" and "Add a soul: $5."
[Cut to says: "99"."
[Cut to says: "Fry is filling a robot body with wires at the "wiring station", which is a big ball with spinning wires."
[Cut to says: "When he finishes, he inserts the head, which has some purple wires on the top as a horsetail."
Fry says: "At least it's something to distract me from Leela."
Fry says: "Now that I like for some reason."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The rest of the Nimbus is left there in the giant explosion hole while Scruffy cleans up with a broomstick."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry is hugging Robot Leela."
Robot Leela says: "I like jellybeans."
Robot Leela says: "Do you?"
Fry says: "I sure do, honey."
Farnsworth says: "Come now, Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "You can't live out this sick fantasy!"
Farnsworth says: "Not without our help."
Hermes says: "These security tapes record everything at Planet Express."
Hermes says: "Including the ship, shower, and urinals."
<poem>Amy says: "And yet, it still hasn't stopped the elusive bathroom burglar."
Hermes says: "Computer, analyze tapes and extract personality profile of one Turanga Leela."
Computer says: "Analyzing..."
Computer says: "analyzing..."
Computer says: "Checking my eBay bid."
Computer says: "Dammit."
Computer says: "Analysis complete."
Fry says: "Hey, I was nuzzling that!"
<poem>Computer says: "Attributes transferred..."
<poem>Computer says: "Shoe size 12..."
<poem>Computer says: "etc."
Hermes takes the plug out of the impostor, who suddenly gets her arms outstretched in front of her as if she's holding onto a steering wheel.
Robot Leela says: "Brace for emergency landing!"
Robot Leela says: "What?"
Robot Leela says: "We survived the crash?"
Robot Leela says: "Oh, Fry!"
Robot Leela says: "This is wonderful!"
Robot Leela says: "The last thing I remember I was dying in an explosion."
Robot Leela says: "Yet here I am in the flesh more alive than ever!"
Fry says: "Alive?"
Hermes says: "You better tell her, Fry."
Robot Leela says: "Tell me what?"
Hermes says: "Anyway, my work is done."
Hermes says: "I'm gonna hit the showers."
Nibbler goes over to the faux Leela and smells something suspicious.
Robot Leela says: "Nibbler, come give mama a hug!"
Robot Leela says: "What are you doing, pooperdoodle?"
Robot Leela says: "It's me, Leela."
She looks at the arm that Nibbler chewed off which reveals her wiring. She screams.
[Montage says: "Robot Leela continues screaming and looking at her chewed off arm in front of her locker, while walking down the streets of New New York, while brushing her teeth, and while riding the tube transport system."
[End montage says: "Robot Leela finally stops screaming in the Professor's laboratory, which now has the real Leela, still in a coma, in a glass coffin."
<poem>Robot Leela says: "Am I really just a robot?"
<poem>Robot Leela says: "I mean, I have Leela's memories!"
<poem>Robot Leela says: "Her opinion of gazelles!"
Fry says: "I swear."
Fry says: "I didn't know this would happen."
Fry says: "The only thing I truly know is I love you."
Fry says: "I mean her—"
Fry says: "Wait, help me out here."
Robot Leela just gives Fry a punch in the face.
[Scene says: "Interior shot of same club."
[Scene says: "People are dancing to generic instrumental disco music."
[Scene says: "But on the dance floor, people suddenly stop dancing as Bender, dressed up in a white disco suit, pushes through all of them, still partying his excess energy off."
Bender says: "Do the Bender!"
Bender says: "Do the Bender!"
Randy says: "No thank you."
Bender says: "I said, "Do it!"
[Cut to says: "Fry and Robot Leela are sitting at a table in the club."
[Cut to says: "Robot Leela now has white bandages on to hide where the wirings are."
<poem>Robot Leela says: "The truth is, Fry, I still have feelings for you."
<poem>Robot Leela says: "But are they really my feelings?"
<poem>Robot Leela says: "Am I just an automaton or can a machine of sufficient complexity legitimately achieve consciousness?"
Fry says: "I agree."
Robot Leela says: "I need some time to figure this out."
Robot Leela says: "Until then,  friends?"
Fry says: "Okay."
Bender says: "Listen up, disco dummies, you just flunked outta Bender's College for Party Knowledge!"
Bender keeps dancing and scatting, but this begins to annoy the bouncer and his robot associate who throw him out of the building, leaving Bender helpless on his back.
Bender says: "Do the back dance!"
Bender says: "Do the back dance!"
Bender says: "Ooh..."
Bender says: "."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone..."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "I'm going to make one final attempt to awaken Leela."
<poem>Farnsworth says: "After all, there's always hope."
Fry says: "Really?"
Farnsworth says: "No, don't get your hopes up."
Farnsworth says: "Frankly, she's just a brainless mound of scabs and pus."
Fry says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "I didn't need to hear that."
Farnsworth says: "No, and you don't need to see this."
Farnsworth pushes the green button on the remote and mechanical arms drop down from the ceiling and pick the lifeless body of Leela out of her coffin and shakes her all around the room while everyone gasps at the horrific scene.
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Farnsworth turns the green button and two large air horns drop down next to Leela's airs while explosives go off.
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!"
Machine says: "Wake up!!!!"
Machine says: "WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!"
Leela doesn't respond.
Farnsworth says: "Well, that's it."
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid traditional medicine has failed."
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "I!"
Fry says: "Love!"
Fry says: "You!"
Robot Leela says: "Fry, stop."
Robot Leela says: "She's gone."
Farnsworth says: "Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, can you note the time and declare the patient legally dead?"
Zoidberg says: "Can I?"
Zoidberg says: "That's my specialty."
[Scene says: "Shot of a planet that looks somewhat similar to Earth."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express Ship, now completely restored, flies to it."
Hermes says: "As you all know, Leela's living will states that in the event of coma, her body is to be fed to the wild Cyclophage, a highly endangered creature that eats only cyclopses."
Birds are heard squawking and giant footsteps rattle the planet.
Farnsworth says: "The beast aproacheth."
Fry and Robot Leela take cover away from the mourners.
Bender says: "To the beat y'all!"
Bender says: "To the beat y'all!"
Bender says: "I'm dancin' a jig wid ma feets y'all!"
Amy says: "Bender, cut it out!"
Amy says: "People are trying to have emotions!"
Bender says: "You think I wanna party?"
Everyone tries to tell Bender to keep quiet, but he keeps beatboxing until he suddenly emits a flaming belch.  The fire from the belch reaches Leela's nose and her eye suddenly opens.
Leela says: "Bender, shut the hell up!"
Bender opens his mouth and stares in surprise, as does everyone else, until Bender once again starts rumbling and glowing.
Farnsworth says: "Bender, stop shutting the hell up!"
Bender says: "Oh, right."
Bender says: "Leela's back."
Bender says: "As if I care."
Bender says: "Woo."
Everyone clamors around Leela.
Leela says: "Thanks."
Leela says: "It's so nice to wake up and see—"
Everyone looks at Fry kissing Robot Leela.
Fry says: "Leela?!"
Fry says: "!"
Robot Leela says: "Leela?"
Leela says: "Leela?"
Hermes says: "Leela."
Leela says: "How is this possible?"
Leela says: "And can you believe she wore a tank top to my funeral?"
Robot Leela says: "Shut up!"
Robot Leela says: "We gotta get outta here!"
The trees rustle as the Cyclophage approaches the crew with a mighty roar.
Leela says: "No, you "Shut up!"
Leela says: "We gotta get outta here!"
Everyone runs away as the Cyclophage chases them down and stomps on the coffin that previously held the coma-induced Leela.
Everyone is still running away from the Cyclophage except for Bender who cartwheels away.
<poem>Bender says: "Ooh, yeah, baby, come on!"
Everyone runs up the stairs of the ship except Bender who somersaults up.
Bender says: "All aboard the party ship!"
The ship attempts to get off the ground but it rocks back and forth.
<poem>Leela says: "There's no room for two captains' butts in this chair!"
Robot Leela says: "There would be if you'd taken a spin class instead of lounging around in a coma!"
The Cyclophage hits the windshield of the ship.  The ship finally takes off.  The creature attempts to hang onto it but slips.  It sticks its tongue onto the bottom of the ship carrying it away with it.
Leela says: "This is crazy."
[Scene says: "Interior of Planet Express living room."
[Scene says: "Leela looks at her robot self up and down."
Leela says: "It's like I'm looking at an exact robot duplicate of myself."
Farnsworth says: "That is what you're looking at."
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "How could you do this, Fry?"
Fry says: "Uh, coma."
Fry says: "Sad."
Robot Leela says: "I have to go!"
Robot Leela says: "This is just too freaky!"
Fry says: "Don't get upset, Leela."
Fry says: "She's nothing like you."
Leela says: "I have to go!"
Leela says: "This is just too freaky!"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the window of the smelloscope room."
[Scene says: "Fry looks out sadly."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of same room."
Fry says: "I need cheering up, Bender."
Fry says: "I dunno."
Fry says: "You wanna go out and party tonight?"
Bender says: "I hate partying!"
Bender says: "If only I didn't have so much crunk in my badunkadunk!"
Bender says: "Ooh, yeah!"
Bender says: "Come on, babe!"
Fry says: "Why does everything I date run away?"
Fry says: "I love Leela, always and forever."
Fry says: "And if I loved Robot Leela, too..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "well, that's only 'cause she had so much of real Leela in her."
Fry says: "I thought she loved me, too, but, obviously, I was wrong as usual."
Leela says: "Wrong again."
Leela says: "You were right."
Fry says: "Leela?"
Fry says: "Leela Leela?"
Leela says: "Leela Leela."
Leela says: "I've been thinking, Fry, if I lost you, I don't think I could stand it, either."
Leela says: "I'd probably build a copy of you, too."
Leela says: "As long as Robo-Leela's not a jealous type like me, thing will wor—"
Robot Leela says: "I'll kill you, you slut-clops!"
Robot Leela says: "Hee-ya!"
Robot Leela says: "He's mine!"
Leela says: "Oh, back off, missy!"
As the two Leelas fight, the door opens and Farnsworth, Amy, Zoidberg and Hermes enter the room.
Amy says: "Somebody do something!"
Amy says: "Here, take this."
Fry says: "A gun?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "D-Do I really need to—"
Fry says: "?"
Leela says: "Shoot her!"
Leela says: "She's the robot!"
Robot Leela says: "No, shoot her!"
Robot Leela says: "She's the human!"
Fry says: "But-But how do I know who's the human and who's the robot?"
Leela says: "We just told you!"
Robot Leela says: "Yeah, you idiot!"
Fry says: "Okay."
Fry says: "Fine."
Fry says: "If you're gonna be like that, I'm not shooting anyone."
The camera zooms out to reveal a huge hole in Fry's chest full of wires and gears.  Bender keeps partying past him.  Both Leelas stop fighting in shock.
Fry says: "I'm a robot, too!"
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
Zoidberg says: "That explains this growth on your drive shaft."
Robot Fry says: "But how is this possible?"
Farnsworth says: "Who knows?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I do."
Farnsworth says: "Allow me to explain what really happened the day the ship crashed."
[Flashback says: "The damaged ship flies away from the Nimbus and comes crashing down to Earth."
Cut to the interior of the ship where everyone has their head safety spheres on.  Fry approaches Leela.
Fry says: "I'll protect you, Leela!"
Fry says: "My love is stronger than the vast majority of explosions!"
He hugs her as the ship crashes.
Cut to a closeup of the rebirth machine as the camera pans down revealing Farnsworth holding the remains of Fry.
Farnsworth says: "Fry did in fact save Leela, though at a terrible cost to himself."
Farnsworth says: "I tossed him into the stem cells but he just bubbled away like phlegm on a hot sidewalk."
As the remains of Fry bubble away, the camera pans up to reveal Leela running out crying all the way to Build-a-Bot Workshop.
<poem>Farnsworth says: "Leela was so upset, she went all Blade Runner and built a duplicate..."
Cut to the meeting room with Leela with the Build-a-Bot robot duplicate of Fry, plugging it into the computer.
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "then uploaded his personality from the urinal surveillance tapes."
Fry says: "I sure love Leela."
Farnsworth says: "Alas, in recreating Fry's adorable jelly belly, she had overstuffed him with copper wadding."
The camera pans down to reveal Robot Fry's belly with sparks on it.  Leela and Robot Fry kiss causing Robot Fry to electrocute.  Leela becomes a head and a skeleton with Robot Fry covered in severe burns and his hair in an afro like in the beginning of the episode.
Farnsworth says: "The inevitable static discharged electrocuted Leela and destroyed both of their short-term memories."
Flashback briefly ends.
Robot Fry says: "So that's why I'm so amazed by these things I already knew."
Flashback resumes.
Farnsworth says: "What could I do?"
Farnsworth says: "I hung up Leela with the other bone bags and went to procure the final ingredient for my stem cell brew."
The Professor looks as if he's working on some sort of experiment. He catches a fly with some tweezers and drops it in a test tube to burn it. Robot Fry comes in with his hair looking like an afro just like in "Hell is Other Robots".
Robot Fry says: "Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy."
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "My god, I can't believe I'll never see that particular Fry again."
Suddenly, a body is about to come out of the rebirth machine.  Placenta drips out and then the body, which is revealed to be the real Philip J. Fry.
Fry says: "Hey, where's my shoes?"
Everyone gasps.
Robot Fry says: "Fry!"
Fry says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Fry says: "I didn't realize I was already here."
Fry says: "Wait, what's with all the Leelas?"
Robot Fry says: "Trust me, don't ask."
Fry says: "Okay, dork."
Fry says: "Listen, I'm gonna hit the urinal, maybe talk about myself a little bit, then—"
Robot Leela says: "Hang on!"
Robot Leela says: "It's time to sort things out."
Robot Leela says: "The truth is I love Fry."
Robot Leela says: "That Fry."
Robot Fry says: "And I love Leela."
Robot Fry says: "Any Leela."
Robot Leela says: "We're robots and we're in love."
Robot Leela says: "Let's ditch these meat jackets."
She tears off her skin revealing a much different looking robot than the Build-a-Bot robot Robot Fry built.
Robot Fry says: "Whoa, cool!"
Robot Fry does the same also revealing a different looking robot.
Robot Fry says: "Hasta la vista, wiener!"
Robot Leela says: "We'll be back..."
Robot Leela says: "for our stuff."
They exit the room.
Amy says: "Why did their voices change?"
Farnsworth says: "That's the one thing we'll never truly understand."
Fry says: "Uh, this is a bit awkward."
Fry says: "Or is it?"
Leela says: "I'm not sure."
Leela says: "I lost track around the second robot."
Fry says: "Well, you know how I feel."
Fry says: "I waited for you for a thousand years."
Fry says: "I can wait a little longer."
Bender says: "Pffft!"
Bender says: "What a load of mush!"
Bender says: "I've had it!"
Bender stops partying altogether and once again rumbles and glows.
Amy says: "He's gonna blow!"
Farnsworth says: "Party, Bender!"
Farnsworth says: "Party for your life!"
Bender says: "No chance, hot pants!"
Bender says: "I'd rather die and kill all of you than party for one more millisecond!"
The Cyclophage suddenly bursts into the room scaring everyone except Bender.
Leela says: "The cyclops eater!"
The creature snarls and sees Leela's one eye and walks toward her.  Bender watches on terrified.  As he does, his left eye unscrews and his right eye rolls into the center giving him the appearance of a cyclops.  The Cyclophage then looks toward Bender.
Bender says: "Hold on, mac!"
Bender says: "It ain't like that!"
The creature grabs Bender and swallows him, but as Bender reaches its throat, he explodes, thus killing the endangered creature.  The deceased Cyclophage tumbles over.  Bender lifts its mouth and walks right out unharmed.
Bender says: "Geez, what's it take to kill me?"
Bender picks up his eye and screws it back in.  Farnsworth opens his cavity and looks inside.
Farnsworth says: "Bender, you blew out your excess capacity!"
Farnsworth says: "You're cured!"
Bender says: "Oh, sweet mercy."
Bender says: "My hellish nightmare is over."
Bender says: "I never have to party again."
Fry says: "Well, that's that, then."
Fry says: "We're back, everyone!"
Bender says: "Party!!"
Everyone cheers as Fry and Farnsworth carry Bender and exit the room.  About ten seconds after they exit, the body of Zapp Brannigan comes out of the rebirth machine.
Zapp says: "Wheeee!"
Closing Credits.