[Scene says: "Shot of the Galactic Entity from "Godfellas"."
Galactic Entity says: "A wise man once said that nothing really dies."
Galactic Entity says: "It just comes back in a new form."
Galactic Entity says: "Then he died."
Galactic Entity says: "So, next time you see a lowly salamander, think twice before you step on it."
Galactic Entity says: "It might be you."
Galactic Entity says: "Stand by for "Reincarnation"."
[Title Screen says: "CHILD LABOR SYNDICATE presents: COLORAMA - IN GLORIOUS BLACK AND WHITE - A GROEN-O-PHONE PICTOON!"
[Scene says: "Exterior Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "In Fleischer-brothers style, everything is bouncing up and down, including the building."
[Scene says: "The building suddenly gets a face made from its door and two windows."
[Scene says: "The building tips its "hat" with a suddenly visible left hand."
Planet Express headquarters says: "'Owdy, folks!"
Planet Express headquarters says: "Come on in!"
Close up on the building's face, the camera zooms in to its "mouth".
[Cut to says: "Inside the building, Leela is putting on makeup in front of a mirror and singing while everything, including herself, is still bouncing up and down."
I got one gigantic peeper.
Sassafras an' banana oil,.
I'm a bee-youtiful purple-haired goyl.
Fry peers in and develops hearts in his eyes. His heart literally pounds right out of his chest.
[Cut to says: "Outside of the room."
[Cut to says: "Fry sighs not realizing his heart is beating Bender's chest cavity out of shape."
Bender says: "Watch it!"
Bender hits his cabinet back into shape.
Fry says: "Oh, it's just that I love Leela something awful."
Fry says: "Do you think a space-age dame like her would ever marry a two-bit, low-life delivery boy like me an' also I 'ave bad posture and severe financial problems?"
Bender says: "Have you tried gettin' 'er pregnant?"
Fry says: "Gosh, yes."
Fry says: "I've tried an' tried, but, so far, I only got Amy pregnant."
Bender says: "You know what your problem is?"
Bender says: "Too much smoke in your face."
Bender blows a large puff of smoke in Fry's face and Fry coughs it up.
Fry says: "I wanna ask Leela to marry me, but I can't afford a diamond ring big enough to express my love."
Bender says: "That's for sure."
Bender says: "Not on the measly salary I steal from you each month."
[Cut to says: "A shot of a loudspeaker."
[Cut to says: "It gives a loud "ai-ooooooo-gah!"
[Cut to says: "" sound."
Horn loudspeaker says: "All crew, report to the laboratorium."
Horn loudspeaker says: "Get a wiggle on."
Fry says: "Thanks for the heads-up, Sparky."
Fry tosses up a fish to the loudspeaker. The loudspeaker swallows it whole.
Horn loudspeaker says: "Mhm."
Horn loudspeaker says: "Fish on Friday."
Horn loudspeaker says: "An' Human flesh the rest of the week."
[Cut to says: "The laboratorium."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth is looking into a telescope."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela, Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy and Bender are gathered around."
[Cut to says: "While the others still bounce up and down to the snazzy jazz music in the background, the Professor remains stationary."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Movietone News, everyone."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I've discovered a new comet!"
Leela says: "One side, boys."
Leela says: "Let a lady take a gander."
She walks up to the telescope and makes an "oo" expression.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hang on."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let me just adjust it to your eye level."
Farnsworth pulls a lever causing the telescope to bounce with Leela. POV shot from the telescope as the comet flies through the sky.
Leela says: "That's one flashy rock!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's pure diamondium!"
Fry says: "Um..."
Fry says: "Would it be possible to break off a piece an' put it in an engagement ring for reasons that are private?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, fuff!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Nothing in the universe can fracture diamondium."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Not even God 1 an' God 2 put together."
Professor Farnsworth says: "But behold!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now hop in the flivver and score me some o' that sweet, sweet powder."
[Scene says: "Outer space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship, which now has a feminine face and two smoking chimneys is shuffling down the stars to the upbeat jazz."
[Scene says: "It passes by the man in the moon, who gives the ship a wolf whistle."
[Scene says: "As it turns around, it has two visible butt cheeks."
[Cut to says: "Interior of the ship."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Hermes, Amy, Leela, Zoidberg, and Bender whistle along with the music."
Hermes says: "Comet ahoy!"
Hermes says: "Why, it's lit up like a smooth, refreshing Chesterfield."
Farnsworth seems to be speaking from a 1920's radio with a videoscreen on it.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Get plenty of that powder."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I want this bomb to sparkle like the floor at Grand Central Station."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Over and out."
Zoidberg gets in the outhouse, unzips his fly and closes the door.
[Cut to says: "Exterior, outer space."
[Cut to says: "The ship stops by the comet and weighs an anchor."
[Cut to says: "The ship opens its mouth and Amy, Fry, Leela, Zoidberg, Bender and Hermes fly out carrying a huge vacuum tube to the sound of Fred Flintstone revving up the Flintmobile."
[Cut to says: "The ship closes its mouth and rubs its lips and makes an embarrassed expression."
[Cut to says: "The crew comes to a sudden stop and bump into each other in succession to coconut sounds."
Amy says: "Watch it, ya stumblebums!"
Amy says: "You're boopin' my betty!"
Amy turns the vacuum on and the crew holds on while the dusting occurs.
Fry says: "Um..."
Fry says: "I'll be back in a jiff."
Fry says: "I gotta go check this comet for anarchists."
He bounces away from the vacuum and onto the comet.
[Cut to says: "The Diamondium comet."
[Cut to says: "Fry bounces around the comet in time with the music."
[Cut to says: "In the background, the comet pans to the right a la the multiplane camera of Disney cartoons."
[Cut to says: "He screeches to a halt and gasps."
[Cut to says: "Close up on Fry and a giant diamond."
[Cut to says: "A dotted line forms between Fry's eyeline and the diamond."
Fry says: "Wouldja look at that gem!"
Fry says: "Slap that shiner on a ring an' me an' Leela will be doing the married, horizontal Charleston in no time."
[Montage says: "Fry first attempts to cut off the diamond with a screwdriver and a hammer, but he ends up bending the screwdriver and falling backwards."
[Montage says: "Fry then tries jackhammering the diamond, but ends up falling to pieces, literally."
[Montage says: "He then attempts to shoot the diamond, but the bullet ricochets and shatters Fry's helmet causing his head to inflate and pop."
[Montage says: "Finally, close-up on a jar labelled "MUSHROOM JELLY"."
[Montage says: "Fry squeezes the can and swallows the jelly a la Popeye."
[Montage says: "His arms suddenly get bumps in the shape of mushrooms."
[Montage says: "He attempts to flex his muscles but his arms just explode and fall from his body."
Time lapse.
Fry says: "Alright, diamond."
Fry says: "You won those rounds."
Fry says: "But I've got an ace up my hole."
Fry takes his backpack off and opens it and takes out the humongous Doomsday device. He activates it, and the timer counts down from ten hours while the skull's eyes move from left to right like a Kit-Cat Clock.
[Title Screen says: "That evening..."
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela are standing on the widow's walk."
[Scene says: "Even though slow Benny Goodman Trio-esque music is playing in the background, everything is still bouncing up and down to the beat."
[Scene says: "Wide shot of New New York."
Leela says: "I love this time of day."
Leela says: "There's such a beautiful stillness."
Fry says: "Leela, I don't know if words can describe how I feel about you—"
Leela says: "Good?"
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "I guess they can."
Fry says: "Anyhow, when a guy feels good about 'is sweetheart, 'e wants to prove it by giving 'er somethin' really..."
Fry says: "Good!"
Leela says: "I'm still listenin', you big lug."
Fry says: "What I'm tryin' to say is..."
Fry says: "In all the world, I couldn't find a diamond good enough for you."
Fry says: "But then I found one out there..."
Fry says: "Among the stars."
Fry says: "The beautiful, affordable stars."
Leela says: "You mean..."
Leela says: "When you disappeared up on the comet..."
Fry says: "Exactly."
Leela says: "I thought you snuck off to take a dump."
Fry says: "A man can sneak off to do two things."
Leela says: "Oh, Fry!"
Fry says: "In exactly ten seconds, the Doomsday device will blow the stone loose."
Fry says: "An', if my calculations are correct, it will land here on your finger."
Close up on Leela's gloved left hand, whose fingers now has feminine faces. The ring finger speaks.
Leela's finger says: "You've made me the happiest finger in the whole wide hand!"
Cut back to Fry, who lifts up his sleeve showing and oversized wrist watch.
Fry says: "Comet kaboomination in three, two—"
A cuckoo bird springs out of the watch and impatiently looks at his own wrist watch.
Bird says: "Uh..."
Bird says: "Hello?!"
Bird says: "!"
Bird says: "Cuckoo!"
A loud explosion is seen and heard. The sun flinches in terror. After the explosion, the comet, now lacking a tail, is seen still intact.
Fry says: "The diamond still didn't break!"
Fry says: "It went kersplitters!"
The comet stops near one of the sun's rays, and it forms a monochrome rainbow in the sky.
Leela says: "Fry, I don't need a diamond."
Leela says: "You've given me the most beautiful rainbow I've ever seen!"
Leela says: "All the colours of the spectrum!"
Fry says: "Not beautiful enough!"
Fry says: "A swell gal like you deserves better!"
The second half of the comet floats toward the rainbow. It flashes and the rainbow wiggles as a new bigger monochrome wave appears.
Leela says: "It's so beautiful!"
Leela says: "Fry, you've created a new colour!"
Leela says: "Totally different from any other colour or combination of colours."
Fry says: "Shucks."
Fry says: "It's still only half as beautiful as you."
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "I wish this moment could last forever."
Fry gets on one knee and holds Leela's hands.
Fry says: "Leela, my love, will you marry—"
As Fry attempts to conclude his proposal, the diamonds suffocate him. Wide shot of the Planet Express building, which is now completely covered in snow-like diamonds. As the miniature diamonds disappear, a huge diamond casing traps the building with Fry still proposing to Leela.
[Title Screen says: "One billion years later."
[Scene says: "Close up on the diamond, where Fry and Leela are still encased in."
[Scene says: "Zoom out to reveal the diamond is now on a ring in a case held by an Alien proposing to his sweetie to the music of "For Me and My Gal"."
Alien says: "will you marry me?"
Bernilla says: "Blorg!"
Bernilla says: "Blorg!"
Bernilla says: "A thousand times blorg!"
The Aliens kiss as a heart iris closes in on them. Bender suddenly bursts from the screen a la Porky Pig in the black-and-white Looney Tunes cartoons.
Bender says: "Ba-da-ba-da-ba-dip-That's all you get, jerks!"
Scene.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Good news, multiplayers!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "After a lifetime of toil, I'm on the verge of solving all the mysteries of science!"
Professor Farnsworth turns to his right and then to his left and lifts up his left index finger. Amy, Bender, and Hermes are also sitting at the conference table and are looking to their right.
Bender says: "So we can leave early?"
Professor Farnsworth has put down his left index finger.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Certainly not!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "made from the debris of that diamondium comet."
Professor Farnsworth lifts up a lens with his left hand. The lens shines four times.
Bender says: "Eh, Professor."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes, Bender?"
Bender approaches Professor Farnsworth.
Bender says: "Boo!"
Bender says: "Okay."
Bender says: "Too bad."
Bender says: "Goodbye."
Bender stands up, turns to his left, and leaves.
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're not through with this level!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I have another lens."
Professor Farnsworth lifts up his left hand and another lens appears on it. The lens shines one time. Bender appears on his chair.
Bender says: "That's "Bite" with a Y."
Bender laughs.
Hermes says: "Whatever you say, mon."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Due to the lens' remarkable quark-lattice structure,  Follow me to the lab."
Amy, Bender, Hermes, Scruffy, Zoidberg, Fry, and Leela stand up. The background changes, transferring Professor Farnsworth, Amy, Bender, Hermes, Scruffy, Zoidberg, Fry, and Leela to the Planet Express laboratory.
Bender says: "Hey, I'm gonna try that!"
Bender says: "So long, meatbags!"
Bender says: "Son of a—"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, let me just insert  Laying bare the most fundamental laws of the universe!"
Leela says: "Hey, Fry."
Leela says: "I know something you could lay bare."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Shhh!"
Fry says: "I'm tryin' to listen to a physics lecture!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now, to examine some matter."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Any old matter will do."
Hermes says: "What the hell is it?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "it's just a log I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Now, to penetrate its deepest mysteries."
Leela says: "Hey, Fry."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "No means no!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "There's a frog on a bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!"
Leela says: "An' that's the ultimate secret of the universe?!"
Leela says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Apparently so."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "There's a snail on the tail of the frog on the bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!"
Hermes says: "Dear Eliza!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The snail itself is composed of cells, molecules, atoms..."
Fry says: "Pfff!"
Fry says: "Those things don't rhyme!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Such finely wrought intricate beauty!"
Leela says: "It's like staring into the face of God!"
Scruffy says: "It's a mirror into Scruffy's soul."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This explains everything!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Even the Big Bang that created the universe!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "All that's left is the mathematics!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Put down h-bar, uh, carry the infinity, and—"
Professor Farnsworth says: "My-reka!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "There it is!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The Grand Unified Theory!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Reducing all the laws of nature to a single equation!"
Amy says: "Professor, you did it!"
Amy says: "You solved the problem that baffled Einstein an' drove Stephen Hawking to quit physics and become a cartoon voice actor!"
Stephen Hawking's head says: "I like physics, but I love cartoons."
Professor Farnsworth says: "This is the greatest moment in scientific history!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "At last, there are no more questions left to answer!"
Stephen Hawking's head says: "Yay!"
Amy says: "Yay!"
Hermes says: "Woohoo!"
Hermes says: "Alright!"
Hermes says: "Well done, Professor."
Hermes says: "Okay."
Hermes says: "Back to work, everyone."
Cut to.
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wait."
Professor Farnsworth says: "There are no more questions left to answer."
Montage.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh."
Cut to.
Cut to.
Morbo says: "And those are today's high scores."
Morbo says: "Linda?"
Linda says: "Thanks, Morbo."
Linda says: "Coming up next, Galaxians."
Linda says: "What you need to know to protect your family."
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "How do you people do it?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "How do you go on knowing there's nothing more to know?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Fry says: "I watch TV."
Fry says: "It's the next best thing to bein' alive."
Professor Farnsworth says: "What's the use?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm just not capable of the happiness of the dumb."
Professor Farnsworth says: "If only I'd made some mistake!"
Stephen Hawking's head says: "You didn't."
Stephen Hawking's head says: "I checked the invariance of your Lagrangian."
Stephen Hawking's head says: "Hubba-hubba."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Then there's nothing left to do!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Nothing!"
Bender says: "Would it cheer you up if I punched Fry in the groin?"
Bender says: "'Cause I'll do it."
Bender says: "Regardless."
Bender says: "Body blow!"
Bender says: "Body blow!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I devoted every waking minute to answering the fundamental questions of science."
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I never married."
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Rarely went outside!"
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "And, now that I've found all the answers, I realise that what I was living for were the questions!"
Fry says: "That stinks, Professor."
Fry says: "Too bad the universe made it turn out that way and not some other way."
Fry says: "I wonder why it did that."
Stephen Hawking's head says: "Probably magnets."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Shut up, Hawking."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Fry, you idiot!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "And, in any case, I'd never live to see it."
Leela says: "I'm surprised you lived through that sentence."
Hermes says: "Sorry you wasted your life, Professor."
Hermes says: "I guess you never know everything after all."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The pursuit of knowledge is hopeless and eternal."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hooray!"
Amy says: "Yay!"
Hermes says: "Yeah-heah!"
Bender says: "Woohoo!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Yay!"
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "ACTION DELIVERY FORCE and 蟹先生のすごい ダンス appear on the screen."
[Scene says: "蟹先生のすごい ダンス is superimposed by Today's Episode: Medical Dance Crab With Lesson."
[Cut to says: "Cliff."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express headquarters is surrounded by owls."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is sitting at the conference table and begins speaking into a microphone."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Action Delivery Force, assemble!"
[Montage says: "The rest of the crew appears over coloured backgrounds, shouting."
[Montage says: "Leela has a purple background."
[Montage says: "Hermes has a green background."
[Montage says: "He slices off a set of paper sheets labelled EMPLOYEE BENEFITS."
[Montage says: "Fry has a yellow background."
[Montage says: "He is lying on the couch, his eyes closed."
[Montage says: "Zoidberg has a pink background."
[Montage says: "Amy has a blue background with bubbles."
[Montage says: "She is pulled away from the camera."
[Montage says: "Bender has a regular blue background."
Bender says: "And me, Mighty Merchandise Robot!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express tower room."
[Cut to says: "Every crew member is present."
[Cut to says: "All look ready to an eventual fight, except for Fry, who is still lying on the couch."
Cut to.
Transition Announcer says: "Meanwhile, on Space Planet 4, the Aliens who communicate by dancing..."
Cut to.
Transition Announcer says: "Were worshipping a giant comet."
Subtitle says: "All hail great comet!"
Subtitle says: "Beloved mascot of popular shrimp crunch snack!"
Subtitle says: "Also God."
Subtitle says: "Foreigners killed our God!"
Subtitle says: "Many words of disapproval!"
Cut to.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Hermes, Bender, Amy, and Fry are sitting at the conference table and Leela is standing up."
[Cut to says: "In front of Professor Farnsworth is a machine consisting of a box, a sphere, and a parabolic antenna."
[Cut to says: "The box has various buttons and a screen."
[Cut to says: "The sphere contains a beating heart."
[Cut to says: "Outside the sphere, three pipes connect the heart and the box."
[Cut to says: "Inside the sphere, two pipes connect the heart and the box and one pipe connects the heart and the parabolic antenna."
Leela says: "What is that box, you old witch?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ha ha ha!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'll never tell you."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The marvellous device."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's detecting a massive burst of anger."
Professor Farnsworth says: "From deep space!"
All look up.
[Cut to says: "Space."
[Cut to says: "Earth and the Moon can be seen."
[Cut to says: "Nine spaceships, each shaped like an open banana, appear."
[Cut to says: "Inside one of the spaceships."
[Cut to says: "Six pink, four-armed Aliens and a metallic banana are there."
[Cut to says: "Five of them, of whom two are on the banana and three are at ground level, are sitting down, typing."
[Cut to says: "The other one is standing up at the top of the banana, wearing a purple cape and a red mitre."
[Cut to says: "It points forward nervously."
Subtitle says: "There is Earth!"
Subtitle says: "Attack it as previously discussed!"
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "All are looking at the screen on the wall."
[Cut to says: "The screen shows the spaceships."
Fry says: "Flying bananas?"
Fry says: "Ha ha!"
Fry says: "I will slice them on my morning fish porridge."
Fry hits the table with his left hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "This is no time for one of your jokes, Fry."
Fry looks at Professor Farnsworth.
Fry says: "I will tell you something that's no joke."
Fry says: "I will lead the defence fight."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ha ha ha ha!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Don't make me laugh."
Professor Farnsworth says: "If we fight, we'll surely be destroyed."
Hermes says: "Then what is our only hope?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Amy says: "We must summon Zagtar, defender of space!"
Hermes says: "You forget!"
Flashback.
Hermes says: "Zagtar was destroyed by the crystal space devil!"
Cut to.
Leela says: "The crystal space devil was once my brother, Prince Hiroshi."
Cut to.
Leela says: "I mourn his loss."
Leela says: "But what matters now is protecting Earth from that fruit armada."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I see your mother, the water Mutant, didn't raise any fools, Turanga Leela."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Our only hope is to communicate with the Aliens."
Professor Farnsworth says: "And show them our peaceful intentions."
Bender says: "Perhaps they speak perfect English..."
Bender says: "As do we."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We can't take that chance!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "We'll need my universal auto-translator!"
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "is my universal auto-translator!"
Fry says: "That will show them our peaceful intentions."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The only question is, "Who should  be our spokesman?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "Me!"
Zoidberg says: "Me!"
Zoidberg says: "Choose Zoidberg."
Fry says: "Zoidberg, a diplomat?"
Fry says: "The list of things I've heard now contains everything."
Zoidberg says: "Hear my words."
Zoidberg says: "My shell may be tough like a samurai honeymoon mask, but inside I'm as soft and sensitive as a girl made of custard!"
Cubert says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "Please!"
Zoidberg says: "I am certain I will succeed with my delicate manner."
Zoidberg says: "Oops."
Leela says: "Instead, I will send the peace transmission."
Leela says: "Most honoured visitors, we greet you in peace."
Cut to.
Subtitle says: "Why does it flap its face hole?"
Subtitle says: "I am puzzled, for we don't know what mouths are."
Subtitle says: "It's a threat!"
Subtitle says: "Destruct them!"
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Hattie says: "Kajigeru desu!"
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "All attempts to communicate with the Aliens have failed."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I fear our only option is thrilling space battle."
Bender says: "Power friends, go!"
Fry says: "Power friends, go!"
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Male voice says: "Launch all missiles!"
Male voice says: "Launch all missiles!"
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "We were defeated in battle."
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "They're forming Gigatron!"
Cut to.
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Defeat is ours."
Professor Farnsworth says: "If we can't communicate with these bone-jelly ghosts, we're doomed!"
Amy says: "Professor, I 'ave analysed the Aliens' movements with this movement analyser."
Professor Farnsworth says: "That device was a gift from my ancestors."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Go on."
Amy says: "It seems their movements are a form of language."
Amy says: "Rather than speaking Ja—"
Transition Announcer says: "English!"
Amy says: "Like us, they speak by dancing."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Of course!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Having no mouths our ears, they could only communicate through motions!"
Fry says: "Or perhaps by odours!"
Bender says: "That is 'ow you communicate!"
Amy says: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Leela says: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Fry says: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Bender says: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Hermes says: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Leela says: "Then our only hope to talk to them is by doing a peace dance."
Leela says: "But it will have to be smoother an' more fluid than any movement mankind is capable of."
Fry says: "What if we hire a buttered geisha?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Another one of your ill-timed jokes, Fry?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Fry says: "You an' I are enemies now!"
Zoidberg says: "Hear my words."
Zoidberg says: "I believe I, the most humble member of Action Delivery Team, could do such a dance!"
Hermes says: "Surely, your heart shell is too rigid!"
Hermes says: "I call on anyone but you to do the peace dance!"
Zoidberg says: "Aw."
Bender says: "Of course, I will do the peace dance."
Bender says: "But I will need 'elp."
Bender says: "Super Dance Squad, initiate!"
Fry says: "Super Dance Squad, initiate!"
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Amy says: "We all hope they're communicating a peaceful message!"
Cut to.
Subtitle says: "Hey Aliens, we will kill you!"
Subtitle says: "And dishonor your widows by making them gather wood!"
Subtitle says: "Fire a the weapon!"
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wha, wha?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "We thought we were so smart with our science and dancing, but look at us now: At Gigatron's mercy!"
Zoidberg says: "The shame is too great."
Zoidberg says: "It's time to end this!"
Zoidberg says: "Huh-yah!"
Zoidberg says: "Feh!"
Leela says: "stop!"
Leela says: "We are too scared right now to enjoy the ceremony of your death!"
Zoidberg says: "No hara-kiri today, but heiwa no dansu!"
Zoidberg says: "The gelatinous dance of peace!"
Hermes says: "You may be gelatinous, but not even the Mochi Phanton could perform such intricate motions!"
Zoidberg says: "Says you, salaryman!"
Cut to.
Subtitle says: "What is the medical crab doing?"
Cut to.
Zoidberg says: "Behold!"
Zoidberg says: "The dance of peace!"
Bender says: "The dance is so complex!"
Bender says: "The eye can barely follow it!"
Zoidberg says: "I may be the humblest Team member, but I have given it my all."
Amy says: "I underestimated you, medical crab."
Amy says: "But will the Aliens understand?!"
Amy says: "!"
Cut to.
Subtitle says: "We have understand peace."
Cut to.
Subtitle says: "Farewell, Action Team."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, you are the greatest hero."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You saved us all."
Zoidberg says: "For now."
Zoidberg says: "But another threat from the stars is sure to arise next week at the same time!"
Leela says: "Until then..."
Bender says: "Action Delivery Force star-hero rocket engage!"
Fry says: "Action Delivery Force star-hero rocket engage!"
Closing Credits.