[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Fun For The Whole Family."
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Except Grandma And Grandpa."
[Scene says: "A star glows brightly in the night sky of Earth."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the star and stops a short distance from it."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Leela and Farnsworth sit on the couch and Fry and Zoidberg stand at either side."
Fry says: "I've never seen a supernova blow up, but if it's anything like my old Chevy Nova, it'll light up the night sky!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Anyone who misses this will regret it the rest of his life."
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, could you go make some popcorn?"
Fry says: "OK."
He leaves.
[Scene says: "Ships Galley."
[Scene says: "Fry picks up a packet of "Iffy Pop" and tears the top off."
Fry says: "Let's go, microwave, I'm in a hurry here!"
Fry says: "Hey, what smells like blue?"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "Fry, get up here!"
Leela says: "It's starting!"
Farnsworth says: "Focus!"
Leela twiddles his glasses and he smiles, satisfied.
[Scene says: "The star explodes and a wave of red light moves out from it."
[Scene says: "It hits the ship."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Red light engulfs the cockpit and the crew gasp."
[Cut to says: "The red light reaches the consoles."
Bender says: "Oh, boy!"
Leela says: "Oh!"
The consoles fizzle and crackle. The blue light from the galley enters the cockpit and moves towards the red light. The crew scream more. Enter Fry from the galley hatch.
Fry says: "Hey, which crazy thing happening are you guys screaming about?"
The blue and red light meet and discharge energy. The ship shakes and disappears in a flash.
[Scene says: "Time Hole."
[Scene says: "The ship flies through the blue and white tunnel and the ship shakes."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry hangs onto the couch."
[Cut to says: "The clock rapidly counts down from September 21st, 3002."
[Cut to says: "Time Hole."
[Cut to says: "The ship passes hundreds of different types of clock."
[Scene says: "The time hole opens and ship emerges from the terminus."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The crew are disorientated."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg groans."
Zoidberg says: "My head is spinning."
The microwave pings.
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "My popcorn's done!"
[Scene says: "Ships Galley."
[Scene says: "Fry opens the microwave and finds an entire corncob."
Fry says: "Aw!"
Fry says: "It's less popped than ever."
Leela says: "I don't know what happened, but we've taken on a lot of clocks."
Leela says: "Let's get back home."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Earth."
Leela says: "Why is there so little traffic around Earth?"
Farnsworth looks at a screen.
Farnsworth says: "And what's this layer of ozone?"
Farnsworth says: "That's never been there before."
Zoidberg says: "Such noises!"
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "There's no global positioning signal!"
Leela says: "Navigation is failing."
Fry says: "We're gonna crash!"
Leela says: "Not if I can help it!"
Leela says: "Oh, I guess I can't."
Leela says: "Everyone, put on your seatbelts."
Fry, Farnsworth and Zoidberg sit down and belt up. Leela puts hers on.
Bender says: "Ah, those things cost more lives than they save."
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "The ship loses altitude fast and crashes into a rock outcrop."
[Scene says: "Bender flies through the windscreen."
Time Lapse. Bender is scattered over a wide area. Fry finds his severed head.
Fry says: "Bender, are you OK?"
Bender says: "I dunno."
Bender says: "I'll try to move my feet."
One of his feet, several yards away, moves.
Leela says: "Alright, here's the plan: Zoidberg, pick up the pieces."
Leela says: "Everyone else, take five."
They head back to the ship and Zoidberg starts recovering Bender. He uses Bender's arm as a pick-up stick and puts the bits in his chest cabinet.
Time Lapse. Later that night, a wolf howls and Zoidberg is still going.
Zoidberg says: "And Zoidberg picks up another piece."
Zoidberg says: "The crowd goes wild!"
Zoidberg says: "What is?"
[Scene says: "Outside Airbase."
[Scene says: "Trucks drive through the gates."
[Scene says: "Airbase Hangar."
[Scene says: "A table covered by a sheet is in the middle of the empty building."
[Scene says: "Two men approach it."
Man says: "General, in all my years of covering top secret discoveries with sheets, I've never dramatically revealed anything as shocking as this."
Man says: "Dun-dun-dun!"
Man says: "The debris from an alien spaceship."
He pulls the sheet away revealing bits of Bender on the table. The general picks up Bender's arm.
He screams.
Man says: "As you can see, 1947 is going to be an eventful year for the town of..."
Man says: "Roswell, New Mexico."
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "Men in radiation suits scan the area with metal detectors."
[Scene says: "Another two scan Bender's arm with a Geiger counter."
[Scene says: "The arm steals a wallet from one man's pocket."
[Scene says: "Behind them the ship is still stuck on the outcrop but none of the men notice."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth, Fry and Bender's head look at a console."
Farnsworth says: "Remarkable!"
Farnsworth says: "According the high-precision digital chronograph it's July 9th, 1947, which would explain why the chronograph has turned into this pin-up calendar."
Bender says: "Wait a second."
Bender says: "You mean we travelled through time?"
Farnsworth says: "Doy!"
Fry says: "Yo!"
Farnsworth says: "And the microwave radiation, combined with the gravitons and graviolis from the supernova, blasted us through time itself."
Enter Leela with a newspaper. She slaps it down on the console.
Leela says: "Have you seen today's news?"
Bender says: "High school gym renovations on schedule?"
Bender says: "What a load!"
Leela says: "No, over here!"
Leela says: "Flying saucer captured!"
Bender sees the picture of a man holding his torso.
Bender says: "That's no flying saucer!"
Bender says: "That's my ass!"
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "This means the flying saucer that crashed in Roswell..."
Fry says: "was us!"
Farnsworth says: "And the alien they captured was..."
Farnsworth says: "was..."
[Cut to says: "Airbase Hangar."
[Cut to says: "Men open a crate."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is inside behind some bars."
[Cut to says: "He waves."
Zoidberg says: "Hello!"
Zoidberg says: "So what are you guys doing tonight?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm up for whatever."
The general and the other man look at each other.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Fry look at a display of the time hole on a screen."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, we tore the universe a new space-hole alright!"
Farnsworth says: "But it's clenching shut fast."
Farnsworth says: "Our only hope to get back to our own time is to go through it in, oh, say..."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "exactly 24 hours."
Leela blowtorches the steering wheel.
Leela says: "No problem."
Leela says: "The ship's fixed except for the cup holder and I should have that operational within 10 hours."
Farnsworth says: "You've got eight!"
Farnsworth says: "But a more urgent concern is the microwave."
Farnsworth says: "Without a working one we have no hope of returning to the future."
Leela says: "Well, I'm sure we can buy a microwave somewhere around here."
Leela says: "Meanwhile, you guys sneak onto the army base and rescue Bender's body."
Fry says: "Hey, and while we're on the base, I'll visit my grandfather, Enos."
Fry says: "He was stationed at Roswell."
Farnsworth says: "Your grandfather?"
Farnsworth says: "Stay away from him, you dim-witted monkey."
Farnsworth says: "You mustn't interfere with the past."
Farnsworth says: "Don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to do it."
Farnsworth says: "In which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!"
Fry says: "Got it."
Farnsworth says: "If, for example, you were to kill your grandfather, you would cease to exist."
Fry gasps.
Fry says: "But existing is basically all I do!"
[Scene says: "Airbase Hangar."
[Scene says: "The men watch Zoidberg sleep on the table."
General says: "What is your purpose here?"
Zoidberg wakes up.
Zoidberg says: "Alright, Officer, I'll move along."
Man says: "What the general means is why did you come to Earth?"
Zoidberg says: "Not a day goes by I don't ask myself the same question."
[Scene says: "Outside Airbase."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender's head hide behind a Jeep just outside the base."
[Scene says: "Fry gets out a can of all-purpose spray and sprays on a pair of boots, a pair of trousers and a shirt."
[Cut to says: "Airbase."
[Cut to says: "Fry walks around the base."
Sergeant says: "Private, I want that toilet bowl so clean I could eat off it!"
Sergeant says: "'Cause I intend to!"
Enos says: "Well gadzooks, Sarge!"
The sergeant continues yelling.
Fry says: "It's him!"
Fry says: "It's my grandfather, Enos."
Sergeant says: "Now prepare my lunch and place it in the latrine at twelve-hundred hours!"
The sergeant walks away and Enos walks towards the kitchen. A Jeep slowly drives towards him and Fry gasps.
Fry says: "That Jeep's gonna hit him!"
Fry says: "And I won't exist anymore!"
Fry says: "Are you crazy?"
Fry says: "You almost got yourself run over!"
Enos says: "I did?"
Enos says: "Then I sure am lucky you knocked me onto this pile of rusty bayonets!"
Bender says: "Pst!"
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "Stop interfering with history."
Bender says: "I don't wanna have to memorise a lot of new kings when I get back."
Fry says: "I had no choice; I was about to not exist."
Fry says: "I could feel myself fading away, like Greg Kinnear."
Enos gets up and dusts himself off.
Enos says: "Well, thanks, soldier."
Enos says: "I'm off to make Sarge's lunch!"
Enos says: "Handling raw chicken, best part of the job!"
Enos says: "Mmm!"
Enos says: "Finger-licking good!"
Fry says: "That's it!"
Fry says: "This place is too dangerous."
Fry says: "We gotta get you out of here!"
Fry says: "Everything's gonna be alright, Dad!"
Enos says: "Well gadzooks!"
Enos says: "I'd better ask Sarge."
Fry says: "No time!"
Fry says: "Run!"
Fry says: "Run to safety!"
They run into an open area, past a sign that reads "Bombing Range Formerly Minefield". They dodge exploding mines and bombs, screaming.
[Scene says: "Observation Room."
[Scene says: "The general and the man stand behind a one-way mirror in a room filled with computers and other equipment."
Man says: "This experiment will determine what food, if any, the alien eats."
[Cut to says: "Clean Room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg enters back to front."
[Cut to says: "He turns around and sees the food on a table."
Zoidberg says: "A buffet!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, if only I had my wallet with me!"
[Cut to says: "Observation Room."
[Cut to says: "The man presses an intercom."
Man says: "Um, it's free."
Zoidberg squeals and gorges on the food. It splatters up against the mirror. The men peer into the room and recoil in horror as Zoidberg splatters himself against the window and licks the food off.
General says: "Get me the President."
[Scene says: "Sears-Roebuck."
[Scene says: "In the department store, Farnsworth and Leela look around."
[Scene says: "Leela has her hair done up in a beehive, wears a pink dress and a pair of enormous shades over her eye."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth wears an orange pimp suit and waves his bling around."
Leela says: "Fry's from around this time."
Leela says: "I'll talk like him."
Leela says: "Yo, homes!"
Leela says: "We're looking for a microwave oven."
Salesman says: "Microwave?"
Salesman says: "Never heard of that brand, sweetheart."
Salesman says: "What you want is the "Deluxe Gas Princess"."
Salesman says: "This beauty has four broilers, a casserole indicator, a fold-out ironing board and, down here, a foot-soaking tub."
Salesman says: "Since, as a woman, you'll be standing in front of it all day."
Leela glares the man and opens the oven door on his knee. He screams.
Leela says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Leela says: "Now I'll aks you again: Where can we find a mi-cro-wave?"
Salesman says: "Sir, your wife's hysterical, so I'll address this to you."
Salesman says: "This oven is lightning fast."
Salesman says: "It takes only five hours to cook a roast."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh, that's good news!"
Farnsworth says: "You know, you really don't cook enough roasts, Leela."
Farnsworth says: "Women!"
[Scene says: "Roswell Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Enos walk."
Fry says: "Thank God I got you off that dangerous army base."
Enos says: "You sure are the helpful type, stranger."
Enos says: "Say, you got anything to eat in that there lunchbox?"
Enos says: "Ooh!"
Enos says: "Snacks!"
He puts them in his mouth and winces as he chews.
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "That's my brain!"
Fry puts Bender's head in a sack, muffling his words.
Enos says: "Damn!"
Enos says: "Them crackers cut my mouth up somethin' bad!"
Enos says: "Let's stop off for a malt."
[Scene says: "Joe's Malts."
[Scene says: "Fry and Enos sit at a table."
Enos says: "See that waitress there?"
Fry says: "Yowza!"
Fry says: "I know what I want for dessert!"
Enos says: "That's my fiancée, Mildred."
Fry says: "Grandma Mildred?"
Fry says: "Uh, no dessert!"
Fry says: "Just coffee."
Mildred says: "Okie-doke."
Mildred says: "And for you, Snuggums?"
Enos says: "Uh, I'll have a pie with a fried egg on top."
Mildred kisses him and leaves.
Fry says: "She sure is pretty."
Fry says: "You ought to marry her and father some children right away."
Enos says: "Yeah, folks say that."
Enos says: "But did you ever get the feeling you're only going with girls 'cause you're supposed to?"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "Don't ever, ever say or think that again!"
Fry says: "Please!"
Fry says: "Just concentrate on staying alive."
Fry says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "You almost got neutered."
Enos says: "Well it ain't as bad as getting killed."
Fry says: "For me it is!"
Fry says: "I'm getting you outta here!"
He grabs Enos.
Enos says: "Ow!"
They run out. Mildred watches and sighs.
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "Fry drives a Jeep out to the desert and stops outside a shack."
[Scene says: "Shack."
Fry says: "OK, we're in the middle of nowhere, which is the safest part of nowhere."
Fry says: "Just stay put and enjoy this calendar."
He puts the pin-up from the ship above the fireplace. Enos flips it over to a picture of a man. Fry sternly turns it back to the woman.
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "Fry locks the shack door, gets in the Jeep and drives away."
Fry says: "Safe and sound!"
Fry says: "Finally, I can continue to exist."
He drives past an "Atomic Test In Progress" sign. In a small building, three men watch and one counts down.
Man #2 says: "Three, two, one."
An atomic bomb goes off.
[Cut to says: "Shack."
[Cut to says: "Enos looks at the picture of the man but is distracted by the glow coming through the window."
[Cut to says: "Desert."
[Cut to says: "The shockwave tears the shack apart."
[Cut to says: "In the Jeep, Fry looks in the mirror and sees the mushroom cloud."
[Cut to says: "He stops and looks back."
Bender says: "And you are outta here!"
[Scene says: "Joe's Malts."
[Scene says: "Leela and Farnsworth look at the menus."
Mildred says: "What'll you folks have today?"
Farnsworth says: "I'll have the soylent green, with a slice of soylent orange and some soylent coleslaw."
Mildred says: "Pardon?"
Leela says: "It's the 20th century, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, right!"
Farnsworth says: "I'll have a croque monsieur, the paella, two mutton pills and a stein of mead."
Leela says: "I'll just have a small injection of Femislim."
Mildred says: "Uh, two chilli dogs comin' up."
She walks away.
Leela says: "Well, settle in."
Leela says: "Without a microwave we're trapped in this time period."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "We'll have to endure the horrible music of the Big Bopper and then the terrible tragedy of his death."
Leela looks through the window.
Leela says: "Wait a second!"
Leela says: "There's a microwave radar dish at the army base."
Leela says: "We could steal it!"
Farnsworth says: "No!"
Farnsworth says: "That would alter history."
Farnsworth says: "Above all else, it is our sacred duty to preserve the past exactly as it was."
Enter Fry in his normal clothes.
Fry says: "Well, I killed my grandfather."
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "If you killed your grandfather, why do you still exist?"
Fry says: "I dunno."
Fry says: "Maybe God loves me."
Bender laughs. Mildred takes a phone call.
Mildred says: "Killed?"
Mildred says: "In an atomic blast?"
Mildred says: "No, sir, I'm afraid I don't take much solace in the fact that the implosion trigger functioned perfectly."
She hangs up and sobs. Fry puts his hand on her shoulder.
Fry says: "Aw."
Fry says: "There, there."
Fry says: "If it makes you feel any better, his body was vaporised so there's no chance of him coming back as a zombie."
Mildred says: "I'm not worried about that."
Fry says: "Then you're a braver woman than I."
Mildred says: "You remind me of Enos."
Mildred says: "Would you mind walking me home?"
Fry says: "Uh, how far is it?"
[Scene says: "Airbase."
[Scene says: "A plane lands on the runway."
Time Lapse. A crate of canned eggs is unloaded. President Truman kicks it open and emerges from it.
General says: "Welcome to Roswell, President Truman."
Truman says: "Fellas, this visit's top secret."
Truman says: "No one's to know about it except the senior officers..."
Truman says: "..."
Truman says: "and a single conspiracy nutter no one will believe."
A man with a camera nods, laughs and takes a photo which develops as six white dots on a black background.
[Scene says: "Airbase Hangar."
[Scene says: "Dusk has fallen and the men enter the hangar."
General says: "Mr."
General says: "President, our men have assembled the parts from the alien ship into its original design."
Bender's body is shaped like a flying saucer. A hatch on it opens and a beer bottle falls out. The men gasp.
Truman says: "Whistling Dixie!"
Truman says: "I want this sent to Area 51 for study."
General says: "But, sir, that's where we're building the fake moon landing set."
Truman says: "Then we'll have to really land on the moon."
Truman says: "Invent NASA and tell them to get off their fannies!"
[Scene says: "Interrogation Room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg is tied to a chair."
[Scene says: "Truman sits opposite him with the general and other man behind him."
Truman says: "If you come in peace, surrender or be destroyed."
Truman says: "If you're here to make war, we surrender."
Zoidberg says: "Both good."
Zoidberg says: "The important thing is I'm meeting new people."
Truman says: "Bushwah!"
Truman says: "Now what's your mission?"
Truman says: "Are you planning to make some kind of alien-human hybrid?"
Zoidberg says: "Are you coming onto me?"
Truman says: "Hot crackers!"
Truman says: "I take exception to that!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm not hearing a no."
Truman stands up.
Truman says: "Nerks to this space crab!"
Truman says: "If we want information, we'll have to do us an old-fashioned alien autopsy!"
A man holds up a saw behind Zoidberg. Zoidberg turns around.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
[Scene says: "Mildred's Living Room."
[Scene says: "She pours two drinks."
Mildred says: "Every little thing reminds me of Enos."
She looks at a picture of a mushroom cloud and cries some more.
Fry says: "Aw, I know how you feel."
Fry says: "My grandfather died recently."
Mildred drinks.
Mildred says: "It's all so sad."
Mildred says: "At times like this, I just need someone to hold me."
Mildred says: "You like holding me, don't you?"
Fry shakes and stands up.
Fry says: "Hey, you know what always cheers you up?"
Fry says: "Baking me a nice tray of sugar cookies!"
Mildred says: "How 'bout these cookies, sugar?"
She rips her dress open. Fry jumps with shock and throws his glass across the room.
Fry says: "I shouldn't be here."
Fry says: "I shouldn't even exist."
Fry says: "But I do exist."
Fry says: "Which proves..."
Mildred kisses him and they fall onto the couch.
[Scene says: "Outside Mildred's House."
[Scene says: "The next morning, the paperboy rides past and throws the newspaper onto the doorstep."
[Scene says: "The conspiracy nutter's photograph dominates the front page, alongside the headline "Crackpot Photographs Truman Again"."
[Scene says: "Mildred's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Fry and Mildred are asleep in bed."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Leela and Bender peer through the window and are disgusted."
[Scene says: "Leela wretches."
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Leela taps on the glass and Fry wakes up.
[Cut to says: "Outside Mildred's House."
[Cut to says: "Fry opens the window and leans out."
Farnsworth says: "What the hell have you done, Fry?"
Fry says: "Relax!"
Fry says: "She can't be my grandmother."
Fry says: "I figured it all out."
[Cut to says: "Mildred's Bedroom."
Farnsworth says: "Of course she's your grandmother, you perverted dope!"
Farnsworth says: "Look!"
Fry turns around. Mildred wears glasses and knits. Her voice is dry.
Mildred says: "Come back to bed, deary."
Fry screams.
Fry says: "It's impossible!"
Fry says: "I mean, if she's my grandmother, who's my grandfather?"
Farnsworth says: "Isn't it obvious?"
Farnsworth says: "You are!"
Fry stares as it sinks in. He screams and runs back and forth while he‘s still in his underwear. Mildred, now wearing a shawl, pours some tea.
Mildred says: "Did you say something, deary?"
Mildred says: "I'm a bit hard of hearing."
She puts an ear trumpet to her ear and Fry screams again.
[Scene says: "Airbase Autopsy Room."
[Scene says: "Pathologists have opened up Zoidberg and are looking inside."
[Scene says: "One dictates into a microphone."
Pathologist #1 says: "Commencing excavation of the subject's chest cavity."
Zoidberg grabs the microphone.
Zoidberg says: "And in this corner, Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "C'mon!"
Zoidberg says: "Lighten up!"
Zoidberg says: "What is this, a funeral?"
The pathologist takes the microphone back. Another pulls out one of Zoidberg's organs.
Pathologist #2 says: "Heart."
Zoidberg says: "Take, I've got four of them."
Pathologist #1 says: "Stomach contents: One deviled egg."
He puts it in a kidney bowl.
Zoidberg says: "Deviled egg?"
He slurps it and the pathologist pulls it out again.
Pathologist #1 says: "The same deviled egg."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry cries and Leela slaps him."
Leela says: "Snap out of it!"
Farnsworth says: "Start the ship, Leela."
Farnsworth says: "Let's just steal the damn radar dish and get back to our own time."
Fry says: "But-- But won't that change history?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, a lesson in not changing history from Mr."
Farnsworth says: "I'm-My-Own-Grandpa!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's get the hell out of here already!"
Farnsworth says: "Screw history!"
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the airbase."
[Cut to says: "Airbase."
[Cut to says: "The torpedo hatch opens and fires a missile with "Roswell That Ends Well" written on it and a picture of Zoidberg in the style of "Kilroy was here" or "Chad"."
[Cut to says: "It hits something and explodes."
[Cut to says: "Soldiers run away, screaming."
[Cut to says: "The ship shoots at buildings, cuts through telephone wires and destroys a water tower."
[Cut to says: "The conspiracy nutter raises his camera."
Conspiracy Nutter says: "UFO!"
Conspiracy Nutter says: "UFO!"
The ship turns around and he takes a photo. The developed photo turns into the infamous picture of the Lock Ness Monster.
[Scene says: "Airbase Autopsy Room."
[Scene says: "The pathologist saws Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "Hey, don't cut that!"
Zoidberg says: "I need that to speak!"
The pathologist hesitates then cuts faster. Fry and Leela burst into the room through the ceiling wearing jetpacks.
Pathologist #2 says: "Oh, my!"
Truman says: "Sweet Roosevelt's ghost!"
Leela kicks the pathologist.
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Leela says: "Yah!"
Fry pulls some organs out of Zoidberg and throws them at Truman.
Fry says: "Take this, Mr."
Fry says: "President-- Sir!"
He throws another organ and it hits Truman in the face.
Zoidberg says: "The President is gagging on my gas bladder!"
Zoidberg says: "What an honour!"
[Scene says: "Airbase Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender's body is still on the table."
[Scene says: "The wall explodes."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, asleep, sits in a flying chair with guns attached to it."
[Scene says: "He wakes up."
Farnsworth says: "Huh, wha?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, right!"
He moves the chair forward, picks Bender's body up with his feet and reverses.
[Scene says: "Airbase."
[Scene says: "Tanks shoot at the ship."
[Scene says: "The cargo bay doors open and the magnetic winch comes out and grabs the radar dish."
[Scene says: "It rips off the roof of the building."
[Scene says: "Inside, the sergeant eats his lunch from the toilet."
Sergeant says: "Enos!"
Fry says: "He's dead!"
Fry says: "Sorry!"
The ship flies away and P-51's scramble. They follow the ship and shoot, the bullets bouncing off the hull. The ship flies into the hangar and the aeroplanes follow. It blasts vertically through the roof and quickly gains altitude.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Farnsworth, Bender and Fry look out of the doors and cheer."
[Cut to says: "Leela appears on the screen from the cockpit."
Fry says: "Yay!"
Farnsworth says: "Choke on that, causality!"
His head falls out of the door and tumbles back to Earth. He screams on the way down.
Fry says: "Turn around."
Fry says: "We've gotta go back for Bender!"
Farnsworth says: "Impossible!"
Farnsworth says: "The supernova time hole is closing!"
Farnsworth says: "If we don't leave now, we'll never get back to the 31st century."
He turns the microwave dish on and it emits blue light at another packet of Iffy Pop. Blue light engulfs the room.
[Scene says: "The ship enters the time hole."
Fry says: "Bender!"
The time hole closes.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg tapes up his wound."
Zoidberg says: "There!"
Zoidberg says: "Good as new!"
Leela holds up an organ.
Leela says: "Don't you need this one?"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no!"
Zoidberg says: "That's my--  Gotcha!"
Leela, not impressed, tosses the organ over her shoulder.
Fry says: "Oh, poor Bender."
Fry says: "He must be so lonely right now, trapped a thousand years in the past."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Wait a second!"
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "The ship lands in present day New Mexico outside the ruins of the Roswell airbase."
Time Lapse. Fry searches the area with a metal detector.
Leela says: "Anything?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Leela slams her spade into the ground and it hits Bender's head.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Stupid junk!"
Fry says: "He's alive!"
Fry says: "Bender, what was it like lying in that hole for a thousand years?"
Bender says: "I was enjoying it until you guys showed up."
Farnsworth says: "Well, now everything is back as it was."
Farnsworth says: "And if history doesn't care that out degenerate friend Fry is his own grandfather then who are we to judge?"
Leela rejoins Bender's head with his body which is still shaped like a spaceship.
Bender says: "Amen!"
He lifts off and they return to the ship.
Closing Credits.