John DiMaggio says: "Prepare for the stereophonic experience."
DiMaggio beatboxes while Billy West scats the theme song.
Bender says: "Aw, New New York City!"
Bender says: "Woooo!"
Bender says: "Woooo!"
Bender says: "Don' worry about it!"
Bender says: "Do the robot, baby!"
[Scene says: "Duraflame National Forest."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies over and lands at a camping site."
Time Lapse. The Planet Express staff hike through the woods.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "Hiking is always such a strain on the buttocks."
He is sat on a giant pair of robotic legs which do his walking for him. There is a noise.
Fry says: "Shh!"
Fry says: "What was that sound?"
Bender says: "It wasn't a bird's nest falling."
Bender says: "That sounds like this."
Bender says: "Aww, they're so cute when they're scared."
Fry says: "I meant the sound Bigfoot just made."
Fry says: "He's been sighted a lot in this area recently."
Fry says: "Just last week, a blind hiker felt him."
Farnsworth says: "Don't tell me you actually believe in Bigfoot, you blathering ninny-hammer."
Fry says: "Of course I do!"
Fry says: "Bigfoot's my hero."
Fry says: "Growing up, he was the celebrity I most identified with."
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Fry says: "'Cause he was a loner who hated the popular monsters yet longed to be one."
Zoidberg says: "I can so relate to that."
He cries and hugs Leela. She pushes him away.
Leela says: "Ugh!"
Leela says: "Enough emotions!"
Leela says: "This isn't a fat camp, for God's sake."
Leela says: "Although you wouldn't know it from looking."
[Scene says: "Campsite."
[Scene says: "The staff set up."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg eats something, Leela and Amy set up their pop-up tent, Fry hammers his tent pegs into the ground with a frying pan and Bender lazes around with his arms and legs tied around a tree so it looks like he is lying in a hammock."
[Scene says: "He sighs."
Zoidberg says: "Bender, if you want to sleep in the tent tonight, you're welcome to join me and Hermes for a little "just friends" spooning."
Bender says: "Nah, I'm comfy out here under the stars."
Bender says: "Real comfy!"
[Scene says: "Ranger Station."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express employees and other campers that include Randy, Soupy, Sal and Petunia are gathered in the log building."
[Scene says: "The ranger has set up a projection screen at the front of the room and they all sit on benches."
Ranger Park says: "Hey, I'm Ranger Park, the park ranger."
Fry says: "I get it!"
Ranger Park says: "Now since this area's a national Bigfoot preserve, we'll start with a short film about Bigfoot while I make a few phone calls."
He dims the lights and turns on the projector. "Bigfoot" appears on the screen.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "dwells the strange and beautiful creature known as Bigfoot, perhaps."
Fry says: "That proves it!"
In the movie the Clearcutter cuts down some trees.
Narrator says: "They typically dwell just behind rocks but are also sometimes playful, bounding into thick fogs and out-of-focus areas."
The scene changes to a foggy forest. Park talks on the phone at the back of the room.
Ranger Park says: "It should say "Top Quality Exercycle For Sale" and could you put "top quality" in bold?"
Ranger Park says: "You can't?"
Ranger Park says: "OK, whatever."
In the movie someone photographs the woods.
Narrator says: "Remember, it's up to us."
Narrator says: "Bigfoot is a crucial part of the ecosystem, if he exists."
Narrator says: "So let's all help keep Bigfoot possibly alive for future generations to enjoy unless he doesn't exist."
Narrator says: "The end."
The movie ends with "The End" and "MMCMLXII - Most Rights Reserved".
Ranger Park says: "I-I gotta call you back."
Ranger Park says: "Alright, questions?"
Sal says: "Yeah."
Sal says: "Have yous ever seens Bigfeet?"
Ranger Park says: "Technically, no."
Ranger Park says: "But I do see him each night in my dreams and each day in the smiling faces of hairy children."
Farnsworth stands up and shakes his fist.
Farnsworth says: "Bunk!"
Farnsworth says: "Bunk I say!"
Farnsworth says: "Bring me a bag full of Bigfoot's droppings or shut up!"
Ranger Park says: "I have the droppings of someone who saw Bigfoot."
Farnsworth says: "Shut up!"
Bender stands up and points out the window.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "It's Bigfoot!"
Park holds up a camera and autograph book and runs to the window.
Ranger Park says: "Where?"
Bender says: "Eh, he's gone."
Bender says: "He said you should keep wasting your life though."
Petunia says: "Oh!"
Petunia says: "I saw Bigfoot crushing cars at the county fair."
Ranger Park says: "What you saw was Bigfoot the monster truck."
Ranger Park says: "But thanks for a great question."
She groans and walks out muttering. Fry raises his hand.
Fry says: "Sir, if I may, why don't you just set up like a billion video cameras in the woods and see if he walks by one?"
Ranger Park says: "Ah, that would be very expensive, and most people who believe in Bigfoot are broke."
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "Bigfoot!"
Bender says: "He's back!"
Ranger Park says: "Where?"
Bender says: "Up your face!"
Bender says: "Everybody do the Bender!"
He dances.
[Scene says: "Campsite."
[Scene says: "Night has fallen."
[Scene says: "Leela and Amy lie on a blanket while the others sit around the fire."
Amy says: "The sky out here is amazing."
Amy says: "Look at all those satellites."
The satellites fly around the sky like shooting stars. A "Bachelor Chow" ad flies by along with a "Drink Shiz!" ad and one that reads "Top Quality Exercycle For Sale".
Time Lapse. Everyone turns in.
Farnsworth says: "Goodnight, employees."
He disappears into his tent.
Hermes says: "Goodnight."
Zoidberg says: "Goodnight, Hubert."
The "camera" pans across the tents and we see the silhouettes of the staff. Zoidberg and Hermes lie down. Amy zips closed hers and Leela's tent and Leela sprays her boots with something. Fry pokes his head of his tent.
Fry says: "You doin' alright out there, buddy?"
Bender's head lights up like a fly killer.
Bender says: "Better than these gnats!"
Bender says: "That guy won't be goin' home to his kids."
Time Lapse. Everyone sleeps. Bender shivers and rotates his head around like an owl. Something "coos".
Bender says: "Who's that?"
Bender says: "A wolf?"
Bender says: "Or some kind of boogen?"
Bender says: "Oh, God, I wish I was safe inside a tent."
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "Fry wake up!"
Bender says: "It's me, Bigface!"
[Cut to says: "Fry's Tent."
[Cut to says: "Fry wakes up."
Bender says: "Come out and groom my mangy fur!"
Fry says: "Huh?"
Fry says: "Bigfoot?"
Fry says: "You taught yourself English?"
[Cut to says: "Campsite."
[Cut to says: "Fry emerges from his tent brushing his teeth."
Fry says: "Bigfoot?"
Fry says: "Bigfoot?"
He runs off into the woods. Bender emerges from the rock, chuckling. He crawls into Fry's tent, crawls around panting like a dog and finally lies down and turns off the light.
[Cut to says: "Duraflame National Forest."
Fry says: "Bigfoot?"
Fry says: "Is that you?"
Fry says: "I'm not like the others, Bigfoot; I see through your monster coatings to the gentle loner inside."
Fry says: "I bet you have a wounded racoon friend that you tenderly nurse back to health while you go..."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Hey, what's the big idea?"
Fry says: "Stop abducting me."
Fry says: "Why does your vanity plate say "Probe 1"?"
He screams as he disappears inside the ship. The pipe retracts back into the ship and it flies away.
[Scene says: "Campsite."
[Scene says: "Morning has broken and everyone emerges from their tents."
[Scene says: "Leela walks to the river and dunks her hands in."
Leela says: "There's nothing so refreshing as the clean, crisp taste of this bold Canadian beer."
She pulls a bottle out of the river and drinks from it. Hermes juggles a paper roll in his hands.
Hermes says: "Well, see you in an hour."
Hermes says: "I gotta go do some business behind that tree."
Behind the tree Hermes attaches the paper roll to a calculator and does some business -- calculations. Bender struggles and mutters inside Fry's tent and rips it apart.
Amy says: "Bender, wasn't that Fry's tent?"
Bender says: ""Bender"!"
He makes mocking noises.
Leela says: "Bender raises a good point: Where is Fry?"
[Cut to says: "Duraflame National Forest."
[Cut to says: "Fry stumbles through the woods with his back turned to the "camera" à la The Blair Witch Project."
[Cut to says: "A possum pokes its head out of a packet of Cheez Nubs and screams."
[Cut to says: "Campsite."
[Cut to says: "Fry reaches the edge of the woods and walks into the campsite, still with his back turned."
Fry says: "Amy, you won't believe what happened..."
Fry says: "I know, but listen, it gets even scarier."
Farnsworth says: "Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "What in Sega Genesis happened to you?"
Fry says: "That's what I'm trying to tell you."
Fry says: "See--  Why are you all staring at me like that?"
Fry says: "Is there something on my face?"
Hermes says: "Uh..."
Hermes says: "no."
Fry has no nose.
Leela says: "Someone should tell him."
Fry says: "Tell me what?"
Leela says: "Nothing."
Zoidberg says: "Well I have a lot of experience telling patients bad news, so let me break it to him gently."
Zoidberg says: "Fry, you have no nose!"
Zoidberg says: "Your nose is gone!"
Zoidberg says: "You have no nose on your face!"
Zoidberg says: "Where it is I can't say but on your face it's not!"
Fry says: "What?"
He pokes his face and looks at his reflection in Bender's door. He screams.
Bender says: "Aww!"
Bender says: "I think it's sweet."
Bender says: "You chopped off your nose so you could look more like your hero."
Bender says: "Me, Bender!"
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "They must have taken it last night."
Farnsworth says: "Which last night?"
Fry says: "In the woods."
Fry says: "I was walking..."
Fry says: "for Bigfoot, looking..."
Fry says: "and then aliens beamed me up."
Amy says: "Were they little grey dudes with big oval heads?"
Amy says: "I don't get that gesture."
Amy says: "Am I wrong?"
Zoidberg says: "Cheer up, friend."
Zoidberg says: "When we get home a high-quality prosthesis will have you looking good as new."
Fry smiles.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry sits at the table wearing joke glasses, nose and moustache."
Fry says: "I'm a pathetic freak."
Fry says: "My life is ruined."
Hermes laughs.
Hermes says: "Man, you are such a jokester!"
Fry says: "I'll never have another moment of happiness."
Everyone else laughs.
Leela says: "I know you're trying to mask your pain with humour, but don't worry."
Leela says: "I'm sure the Professor can clone you a new nose."
Fry says: "Eh, it wouldn't be the same."
Fry says: "I want my nose."
Fry says: "I don't want to have to teach a new one how to shoot milk when I laugh."
Farnsworth says: "Well there's no sense fretting."
Farnsworth says: "Good Lord, you're ugly!"
Farnsworth says: "The fact is your nose is gone and we'll never find out who did it or why."
Enter Bender panting and gasping.
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "There's something on television."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff sit and stand, watching a news report."
Linda says: "Alien abductions: Until now, a harmless nuisance."
Linda says: "But recently they've taken on a sinister dimension as unsuspecting victims are returned..."
Linda says: "without noses."
Behind her, a picture of the hardhat guy changes from one with a nose to one without.
Fry says: "Like me!"
Morbo says: "The culprits: Shameless poachers, hunting humans without a permit."
The scene on TV changes to a picture of a grey alien with a gun over his shoulder. He holds a nose. Back to the studio.
Linda says: "The valuable nose, or "human horn", fetches a high price on alien worlds as an aphrodisiac."
Fry says: "My nose is an aphrodisiac?"
Fry says: "I'm gonna drop a barf!"
Morbo says: "Demand for human horn is great, due, in part, to titillating scenes from depraved alien TV programmes too filthy for Earth broadcast."
Morbo says: "Let's watch."
The scene changes to two Neptunian lovers on a bed together. The man holds up two noses. The woman gasps.
Neptunian Woman says: "Human horn?"
Neptunian Woman says: "But..."
Neptunian Woman says: "it is forbidden!"
Neptunian Man says: "So is our love."
He grates a horn onto her shoulder and licks it off. They make out. Fry turns the TV off.
Fry says: "Blech!"
Fry says: "We have to track down my nose before some alien snarfs it and does the worm."
Fry says: "Who's in?"
Leela stands up.
Leela says: "Me and Bender and maybe Zoidberg if he feels like it."
Zoidberg says: "No, I'm good."
[Scene says: "Galactic Bazaar."
[Scene says: "The place is filled with aliens."
[Scene says: "The trio walk past Joe Camel who tries on some shades."
[Scene says: "Fry wears a strap-on red nose."
[Scene says: "They pass a stall where an alien buys something."
Alien says: "Let's see, I'll take a pancreas, two sphincters and a large Coke."
Vendor says: "One number three combo!"
Fry says: "It's no use."
Fry says: "We've been to every scuzzy bazaar in the galaxy, including Pottery Barn."
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "What's that?"
She points at The Beast With Two Bucks Sex Shoppe.
[Cut to says: "The Beast With Two Bucks Sex Shoppe."
[Cut to says: "Enter Fry, Bender and Leela."
[Cut to says: "The salesman is a chameleon-like alien."
Salesman says: "Welcome, friends."
Salesman says: "How may I pervert you?"
Fry says: "Uh, I'm looking for human horn."
Salesman says: "Shh!"
Salesman says: "You're not cops, right?"
Leela says: "Of course not."
Leela says: "In fact, he's a crook."
She points at Bender.
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "Stolen Pez anyone?"
He holds up a Calculon-head Pez and hands them around. The salesman eats it and pulls back a curtain.
Salesman says: "Right this way."
[Scene says: "Back Room."
[Scene says: "The salesman gets something from off a high shelf and unwraps it."
Salesman says: "Human horn."
Salesman says: "So fresh you can still see the eyeglass marks."
Fry looks at the noses.
Fry says: "Nope."
Fry says: "Uh-uh."
Fry says: "Ew!"
Fry says: "Now look."
Fry says: "This is the nose we want."
Fry says: "Did you sell it to somebody?"
Salesman says: "I'm sorry, sir, but due to the perverted nature of our business, customer records are strictly confidential."
Salesman says: "Right this way."
[Cut to says: "Video Room."
[Cut to says: "The salesman pulls another curtain across."
[Cut to says: "In the room is a TV and a wall lined with video tapes."
Salesman says: "I video-tape everyone who comes in here so I can blackmail them later."
Salesman says: "Hey, I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?"
Salesman says: "Here's the weirdo who bought your horn."
He puts the tape in the machine. On the screen a badly-disguised yet familiar alien walks into the Sex Shoppe. Leela gasps.
Leela says: "That's Lrrr!"
Leela says: "Ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8."
Lrrr says: "human horn?"
Salesman says: "Speak up!"
Salesman says: "You're muttering!"
Lrrr says: "human horn?"
Salesman says: "You're not a cop, right?"
Lrrr says: "Oh, no, no."
Lrrr says: "I'm just some guy..."
Lrrr says: "ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8!"
The dealer hands him a horn over the counter. Fry and Leela nod to each other.
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Omicron Persei 8 and lands outside the castle."
[Scene says: "Omicronian Castle."
[Scene says: "Lrrr and Nd-Nd sit on thrones and Fry, Leela and Bender stand in front of them with guards either side."
Lrrr says: "So let me get this straight: If I buy eight Caramello bars, you all get to go to some camp."
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "That's exactly the lie we used to get past your guards."
Fry steps forward and bows.
Fry says: "Oh, great space king, I humbly beg you to return my human horn."
Lrrr says: "Uh, human horn?"
Lrrr says: "How ridiculous!"
Lrrr says: "Why would a virile male like Lrrr need human horn?"
Lrrr says: "I don't even know what it's for."
Lrrr says: "What is it, something you-you put in salad dressing?"
Nd-Nd says: "Like you've ever seen a salad."
Lrrr says: "My weight is appropriate and attractive!"
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "You guys have issues."
Lrrr says: "She has issues!"
Lrrr says: "I'm fine!"
Lrrr says: "But there's no human horn around here, so make friends with the door."
Fry says: "Alright."
Fry says: "I give up."
Fry says: "I guess I'll just go home and marry a skunk."
He cries.
Nd-Nd says: "Oh, let's just give it to him."
Nd-Nd says: "Here."
Fry says: "My nose!"
Fry says: "Light of my face!"
Lrrr says: "Uh, what is that?"
Lrrr says: "How do you have that, Nd-Nd?"
Lrrr says: "I've never seen it before."
Lrrr says: "My friend left it here."
Fry takes his nose out of the box and puts it on his face.
Leela says: "Hold still, Fry."
Leela says: "I can reattach it with my emergency face laser."
She presses a button on her wrist machine and a laser seals the nose to Fry's face, burning his cheek a little.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "You burned my cheek!"
Leela says: "Yeah, sorry, I wasn't really concentrating."
Fry says: "No, I mean the singed flesh, I can smell it!"
Fry says: "And those lilacs on the table."
Lrrr says: "At least someone noticed."
Nd-Nd says: "For the last time, I don't like lilacs!"
Nd-Nd says: "Your first wife was the one who liked lilacs."
Lrrr says: "She also liked to shut up!"
Fry says: "Well, great seeing you."
Bender says: "Yo, Highness."
Bender says: "Uh, just out of robo-curiosity, why would you use a guy's nose for an aphrodisiac instead of his, you know, wing-dang-doodle?"
Lrrr says: "But, uh, I thought the horn was the human wing-dang-doodle."
Bender says: "No, sir, chief!"
Bender says: "The main event, so to speak, is downstairs near the wallet."
Bender says: "Ever seen soccer players line up to block a free kick?"
Bender says: "They ain't covering their noses, I'll tell you that much."
Bender says: "Well, see you!"
He turns to leave.
Lrrr says: "Interesting."
Lrrr says: "The trousers conceal a tiny secondary horn."
Fry says: "Hey, what've you heard?"
Lrrr says: "Prepare to harvest the lower horn!"
Fry looks around scared.
Fry says: "OK, you can have my nose."
He pulls it off.
Time Lapse. Fry's nose is back on and he whimpers.
Lrrr says: "Guards!"
Guard #1 says: "Yeah?"
Lrrr says: "Remove the human's lower horn and prepare it to be eaten by me."
Nd-Nd says: "In other words, slop a lot of ketchup and salt on it."
Lrrr says: "Then bring it to our royal bedchamber and put it in the sock drawer with all the other things that have failed to arouse my passion for this woman."
The second guard takes out a cutting machine. Fry squeals.
Guard #2 says: "Remove pants!"
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "Listen."
Bender says: "I'll say!"
He hoots.
Fry says: "But in this case I-I just don't think it'll do any good."
Bender says: "That's what she said!"
He hoots again.
Leela says: "Let's face it, you two have deep relationship problems that can't be solved by an aphrodisiac."
Fry says: "However huge it might be."
Nd-Nd says: "So what do you suggest, painfully-single human?"
Leela says: "Well, why don't you think back to what brought you together in the first place?"
Nd-Nd says: "Oh, I don't know."
Nd-Nd says: "Lrrr used to be so tender."
Lrrr groans.
Lrrr says: "I only wrote that poem to test my printer."
Nd-Nd says: "We'd go walking in the woods and Lrrr would find injured little tinkle-bunnies and nurse them back to health."
Lrrr says: "Yes, but I'm the one who injured them!"
Nd-Nd says: "Oh, shush."
Nd-Nd says: "You stepped on them by accident and then you cried all night."
Nd-Nd says: "That's the kind of sensitive man you used to be."
Lrrr says: "And you used to wear a size-3 cape."
Lrrr says: "But not anymore!"
Lrrr says: "Now bring me that lower horn while I'm still in the mood."
The guard starts the cutter again.
Fry says: "Wh-What if we helped you get your passion back without the hassle of mutilating me?"
Leela says: "Yeah, we know a great place in the mountains."
Leela says: "We could take you there for a romantic dinner under the stars."
Nd-Nd says: "Hmm."
Nd-Nd says: "Sounds interesting."
Nd-Nd says: "But he would never do it."
Lrrr says: "Like hell I wouldn't."
Lrrr says: "I'm not gonna be blamed for not going."
Fry says: "Then it's a deal."
Fry says: "We get one night."
Fry says: "I keep my horn as long as you two end up doing the horizontal monster mash."
Bender hoots and laughs.
Bender says: "I don't get it!"
[Scene says: "Duraflame National Forest."
[Scene says: "Lrrr and Nd-Nd are seated at a table under the night sky."
[Scene says: "The trees have lights strung around them."
[Scene says: "Bender carries a box of Monsieur Carton."
Bender says: "Bonjour."
Bender says: "May I offer you a box of wine for the edge of the table?"
Lrrr says: "No, thanks."
Lrrr says: "Just water, please."
Lrrr says: "Tap water!"
Nd-Nd says: "Oh, big spender!"
Lrrr says: "That's it!"
Lrrr says: "This date is over."
Lrrr says: "Waiter!"
The guards wheel Fry to the table in a cage. He is dressed in a snappy suit.
Fry says: "So, what can I get you this evening?"
Lrrr says: "Your lower horn!"
Fry squeals.
Fry says: "I'll just start you off with some bread."
Fry says: "Some sexy, arousing bread!"
Lrrr says: "Fine!"
Lrrr says: "But none of that whole-grain goat food."
Lrrr says: "And bring plenty of melted butter."
Nd-Nd groans.
Nd-Nd says: "Why don't you just inject some fat straight into your ass and cut out the middle man?"
Lrrr says: "One of these days, Nd-Nd."
Lrrr says: "Bang!"
Lrrr says: "Zoom!"
Lrrr says: "Straight to the third moon of Omicron Persei 8!"
Time Lapse. Lrrr and Nd-Nd eat.
Lrrr says: "Mmm!"
Lrrr says: "This jerked chicken is good."
Lrrr says: "I think I'll have Fry's lower horn jerked."
Bender says: "It's used to it!"
He hoots. Fry is wheeled to the table.
Fry says: "So, uh, how are you two snooky-poopums doing?"
Nd-Nd says: "Poorly."
Lrrr says: "My wife is right, for once."
Lrrr says: "There's very little magic in the air."
Lrrr says: "Ready the lower horn transport vessel."
A guard pours some ice into a cooler. Fry squeals.
Bender says: "Boy, who knew a cooler could also make a handy wang coffin?"
Bender says: "Hey, uh, mind if I stick these in here?"
Guard #1 says: "Go for it."
Leela says: "Don't worry, Fry."
Leela says: "Things look bad but I still have a trump card; the most beautiful love song ever written."
The Omicronians cover their ears.
Will always love you.
Nd-Nd says: "The humans are attacking!"
Lrrr says: "Pluck the lower horn and let's get out of here!"
The guard starts the cutter.
Bender says: "Quick, Fry!"
Bender says: "Run for it!"
He pushes Fry's cage and it rolls away, bouncing down hills and through trees.
Fry says: "Come on, freedom cage!"
Fry says: "Roll me to safety!"
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "I never thought I'd escape with my doodle, but I pulled it out!"
Bender says: "Just like at the movie theatre!"
He hoots and Lrrr grabs Fry.
Lrrr says: "Give me that!"
Fry screams. A guard starts the cutter and the other opens the cooler. Leela gasps. There is a growl and Bigfoot emerges from the trees.
Fry says: "Bigfoot!"
Fry says: "He's real!"
Fry says: "I knew it!"
Fry says: "The Loch Ness Monster's book was right!"
Bigfoot stops and sniffs the Omicronians.
Lrrr says: "Well, hello there, my furry friend."
Nd-Nd says: "Look at his adorable little feet."
Nd-Nd says: "Yes, you are a cutie-pie."
Ranger Park arrives with his camera.
Ranger Park says: "Holy macaroni!"
Ranger Park says: "I can't believe I'm seeing Bigfoot!"
Ranger Park says: "He's in focus!"
Ranger Park says: "Oh, I've waited my entire life for this moment."
He pulls out a gun and points it at Bigfoot. Everyone mutters.
Nd-Nd says: "What?"
Bender says: "What are you doing with that?"
Lrrr steps forward.
Lrrr says: "You're going to kill this innocent giganto?"
Ranger Park says: "Of course not."
Ranger Park says: "I'm just gonna tranquilize him so I can chop off his feet as proof he exists."
Ranger Park says: "Then dump him back in the wild."
Ranger Park says: "He'll do fine."
He aims the gun. Lrrr steps in front and Nd-Nd stands at his side.
Lrrr says: "You'll have to get through me first."
Ranger Park says: "OK."
Ranger Park says: "Nighty night!"
He shoots but the tranquilizer dart bounces off Lrrr. Lrrr vaporises the gun.
Lrrr says: "Now leave this gentle Sasquatch, or Wood Ape, in peace so I can finally and at long last harvest this pathetic human's lower horn."
Fry says: "Yeah!"
He screams.
Lrrr says: "Wait."
Lrrr says: "What am I saying?"
Lrrr says: "If I poach this beast's lower horn, am I any better than that ranger with his demented foot lust?"
Lrrr says: "Yes."
Lrrr says: "But not by enough."
Park walks behind Bigfoot and cuts off a tuft of his fur.
Ranger Park says: "Score!"
Bigfoot scratches himself.
Bender says: "In this case "small"!"
He hoots.
Lrrr says: "Have dignity and a spark of the divine."
He cries.
Nd-Nd says: "That's the gentle, sensitive, poet warlord I fell in love with."
She hugs him and they both crush Fry between them. He squeezes out and Lrrr and Nd-Nd kiss. Bender, Fry and Leela avoid watching.
Lrrr says: "Uh, you'll wanna retreat to a safe, 500-metre radius!"
They run.
Leela says: "Well, Fry, it looks like you get to hold onto your lower horn."
Bender says: "As usual!"
Bender says: "Run away!"
They run and Bigfoot stays and watches Lrrr and Nd-Nd on the ground before returning to the forest.
Closing Credits. Over the credits is a deleted scene from The Birdbot of Ice-Catraz. The opening titles of The Scary Door play.
Narrator says: "You're on a scenic route through a state recreation known as the human mind."
Narrator says: "You ask a passer-by for directions, only to find he has no face or something."
Narrator says: "Suddenly, up ahead, a door in the road."
Narrator says: "You swerve, narrowly avoiding The Scary Door."
The Scary Door graphic appears on the TV and shatters. In a lab, a mad scientist pours stuff from one bottle to another.
Scientist says: "I have combined the DNA of the world's most evil animals to make the most evil creature of them all."
He pours the liquid into a machine and it crackles and a door in it opens. A man emerges from the smoke.
Man says: "It turns out it's Man."
Dramatic, incidental music.