[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Now Interactive!"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Joystick Controls Fry's Left Ear!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "A large gargoyle breaks through the dome roof and flies away."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth shakes his fist."
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu, you ungrateful gargoyle!"
Farnsworth says: "I put you through college, and this is how you repay me?"
A wad of gargoyle guano lands on his face.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth is dressed in a long coat, a scarf and driving goggles."
[Scene says: "He puts on some driving gloves."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender and Fry are with him."
Farnsworth says: "Let's get this gargoyle hunt on the road."
Farnsworth says: "Driving gloves, driving goggles, driving thong."
Farnsworth says: "There!"
He sits down in the pilot's seat.
Leela says: "Uh, maybe I should drive."
Farnsworth chuckles.
Farnsworth says: "You?"
Farnsworth says: "A woman?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm trying to catch a monster, not find the quickest route to the mall!"
Farnsworth says: "Let me just adjust the seat."
He pulls a lever and the seat moves forward until his face is pressed up against the windscreen. He starts the engine and the ship shakes.
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "He's gonna do it!"
Fry says: "Everybody, seatbelts to maximum buckling."
Several seatbelts wrap around Fry and Leela. Bender takes out a nail gun and nails himself to the wall. The ship takes off.
[Scene says: "Space Road."
[Scene says: "The ship joins the fast-moving traffic and causes a tailback."
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Pazuzu?"
Randy pulls up alongside him.
Randy says: "Hey, grandpa, move your wrinkly old kiester!"
He drives away. Farnsworth takes a little time to react.
Farnsworth says: "Shut up!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "For Heaven's Gate, Professor."
Leela says: "This ship can do 99% light speed."
Leela says: "Why are we going 35 miles an hour?"
Farnsworth says: "Because we're in a hurry, that's why."
Leela says: "Plus, you have the high beams on!"
[Cut to says: "Space Road."
[Cut to says: "The high beams point at a road sign directing drivers to the eastern half of the universe."
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu?"
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu?"
[Scene says: "The ship flies over a sign that reads "Welcome to Florida."
[Scene says: "Official State Jokes: Old People."
[Scene says: "Walking Catfish."
[Scene says: "Recounts."
[Scene says: "Outside Gummer's Cafeteria."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth lands the ship in a disabled space and they get out."
Bender says: "Yo, Captain Cataract?"
Bender says: "What are we doing here?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, it's 2."
Farnsworth says: "30."
Farnsworth says: "We can still catch the early bird dinner special."
Fry says: "Uh, aren't we looking for your gargoyle?"
Farnsworth says: "My wha?"
[Scene says: "Gummer's Cafeteria."
Farnsworth says: "Hello, Mavis!"
Farnsworth says: "Surprised to see me back again so soon?"
Wanda says: "Mavis is dead."
Farnsworth says: "I expect you'll want to see my angry, crotchety, grandpa discount card."
He hands her a card and she reads it.
Wanda says: "Sir, this card has expired."
Farnsworth says: "But it's good for a lifetime."
Wanda says: "Well, yours expired."
Time Lapse. Farnsworth sits down. Fry, Leela and Bender are already eating. Farnsworth gets out his teeth and puts them on the table. Leela covers her eyes in disbelief.
Leela says: "Oh, Lord!"
Leela says: "Teeth do not belong in your pants, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Well, I can't keep them in my mouth."
Farnsworth says: "They're nuclear-powered!"
He presses a button on a remote control and the teeth start chomping his food. They bite Fry.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "It bit my finger!"
The teeth rapidly chomping.
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "It's tasted human blood!"
The teeth start flying around the room, biting people. Farnsworth slurps his slop through a straw, oblivious.
Farnsworth says: "Mmm!"
Farnsworth says: "Damn good meat!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sits asleep at the desk, snoring."
[Scene says: "The staff enter."
Leela says: "Professor, we've talked it over and everybody thinks you're too old."
Amy says: "Right on."
Fry says: "Yup."
Bender says: "Uh-huh!"
Hermes says: "We've decided to do the merciful thing and have you euthasised."
Farnsworth says: "Dear God, no!"
Amy says: "Oh, relax, Professor."
Amy says: ""Youthasizing" is a trendy, new spa treatment."
Amy says: "It's this season's shark-cartilage enema."
Farnsworth says: "But I like being old."
Farnsworth says: "I don't have to talk to my parents, no one asks me to help move their stuff, I don't need to understand today's "edgy" TV sitcoms."
Leela says: "OK, OK."
Leela says: "We're not gonna force you until I finish this sentence."
Leela says: "Get him!"
Fry, Hermes and Leela grab Farnsworth. He screams and they carry him out.
Farnsworth says: "My thong!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards an asteroid and lands outside the Bubbling Geezer Hot Spring Spa."
[Scene says: "The Bubbling Geezer Hot Spring Spa."
[Scene says: "A Neptunian woman greets the staff."
Heather says: "Hi!"
Heather says: "I'm Heather, your personal Youthasizer."
Heather says: "Let's get started with a nice botulism treatment, shall we?"
Farnsworth says: "Go to hell, Heather!"
Heather says: "Oh!"
Heather says: "In small doses, botchelism toxin tightens and tones the facial muscles instead of killing you in the most horrible fashion imaginable."
She injects it into him and his face tightens.
Farnsworth says: "Give me back my floppy face!"
[Scene says: "The Bubbling Geezer Hot Spring Spa Massage Parlour."
[Scene says: "A pink, tentacled alien massages Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Careful with the giblets!"
Heather says: "Hmm."
Heather says: "You're still retaining a lot of grump in these joints."
Heather says: "More pressure."
It applies more pressure and Farnsworth's skin oozes off the table. He sighs.
[Scene says: "The Bubbling Geezer Hot Spring Spa Tar Pits."
[Scene says: "Heather scans Farnsworth with an age scanner."
Heather says: "Since this is such a serious case of old, we'll have to try our strongest treatment: A soothing full-body bath in searing-hot tar."
Heather says: "Sir, it's not necessary or wise to be naked."
Farnsworth says: "You sound just like my tennis instructor."
He climbs into the tar.
Heather says: "The tar blisters the age right out of the body in what top scientists suspect is a miracle."
She pumps more tar into the bath. Farnsworth gets up.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I don't have time for this."
Farnsworth says: "I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain."
Fry says: "He still sounds sorta old."
Fry says: "Sorta real old."
Bender pushes Heather away from the pump and rolls up his sleeves.
Bender says: "Step aside, lady."
Bender says: "Harder, damn you!"
The ground beneath the staff starts to crack and the tar and Farnsworth fly into the air. The ground gives way and the staff slide into the pit. The tar lands back on top of them and covers them. They climb out as blackened figures. Farnsworth takes a towel from Heather and wipes the tar away. He now has a full head of hair and his wrinkles are gone.
Farnsworth says: "Well, that was an utter waste of time."
The staff gasp.
Amy says: "Professor, it worked!"
Amy says: "You look young enough to be my father!"
Farnsworth says: "Poodle spit!"
Farnsworth says: "Now I'll need a fake ID to rent ultra-porn."
Fry says: "This is great, Professor!"
Fry says: "We should go out and celebrate!"
He wipes the tar away from his face and Heather scans him, showing that he is 14. The rest of the staff are younger as well. Amy is fat and Hermes has an afro. Amy gasps and cries.
Farnsworth says: "Dear Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "You've all reverted to your childhood forms."
Zoidberg is very small and crawls along the ground.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm a teenage heartthrob again!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Farnsworth says: "While I try to restore our normal ages, I expect you all to go about your jobs like responsible professionals."
Someone fires a spit ball at him and everyone laughs.
Hermes says: "It wasn't me, Mr."
Hermes says: "F."
Hermes says: "It was Amy!"
Hermes says: "Stop it, Amy!"
Amy says: "You stink!"
She feebly hits him.
Hermes says: "You know you did it!"
The kids start arguing.
Farnsworth says: "Quiet!"
Farnsworth says: "Quiet, I say!"
He presses a button and a holographic mushroom cloud appears in the middle of the table. Enter LaBarbara and Dwight.
LaBarbara says: "We're here to take my little stub of a husband home."
LaBarbara says: "Hermes, say goodbye to Mr."
LaBarbara says: "Farnsworth."
Hermes says: "Goodbye, Mr."
Hermes says: "Dumbsworth!"
He and Dwight laugh.
Leela says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "This my chance to spend time with my parents too."
Fry says: "But your parents are gross sewer mutants."
A huge spit ball hits him and knocks him off his chair. Bender laughs.
Leela says: "When I was an orphan, I always wished I could grow up with my mom and dad."
Farnsworth says: "That's not what happened!"
Farnsworth says: "Shut up and go live with your parents."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Leela walks out of the building with a backpack and opens a manhole cover."
[Scene says: "She climbs down the ladder."
[Cut to says: "Sewer."
[Scene says: "The Turangas' Living Room."
[Scene says: "Leela is with her parents."
Leela says: "It's gonna be totally awesome, Mom!"
Leela says: "You and me can bake and argue about my hairstyle hiding my pretty face."
Leela says: "And if some kid picks on me, my dad can beat up his dad."
Morris says: "Can't I just beat up the kid?"
He chuckles.
Munda says: "Well, OK, Leela."
Munda says: "If you think you can put up with your father, then welcome home."
Munda says: "We'll try to respect your independence and freedom."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "I want the real teen experience: Chores, curfew, the works!"
Morris says: "Fine, Sweetiekins, we'll be the strictest parents ever."
Morris says: "Now, let's all have some tequila to celebrate!"
Leela says: "Dad!"
Leela says: "I'm underage!"
Morris says: "Oh, right."
Morris says: "Here's a silly straw."
He puts the straw in the bottle.
[Scene says: "Amy's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Amy lies in her bed and Leo and Inez sit on the end."
Mrs. Wong says: "Oh, my Amy's sweet little girl again!"
Mrs. Wong says: "This is like a mother's dream."
Mrs. Wong says: "Bad dream, that is!"
Mrs. Wong says: "At this rate, I'm never going to get a grandchild!"
Mr. Wong says: "Maybe she not grown up but she sure grown out!"
Mr. Wong says: "She fat!"
Amy says: "Dad, if you're gonna make fat jokes till I get cute again, I'm just gonna stay in my room."
Mr. Wong says: "Stay in room?"
Mr. Wong says: "You so fat, you gonna stay all around room!"
He chuckles.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
Farnsworth says: "I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth."
Farnsworth says: "Suddenly I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork every three hours."
Farnsworth says: "And those jerks at social security stopped sending me checks."
Farnsworth says: "Now I have to pay them!"
Bender says: "I'm tired of your yapping."
Bender says: "All you ever do is complain, you never try to make things better."
Bender says: "Well, I'm running away from this dead-end family!"
Bender says: "I know there's a place for people like me with new ideas."
Bender says: "There has to be!"
Farnsworth says: "Fine!"
Farnsworth says: "Get going!"
Bender says: "Oh, I'm going!"
Bender says: "You're gonna be all "Where's Bender?"
Bender says: "I miss Bender"."
Farnsworth says: "We won't know that until you leave."
Bender says: "Oh, I'm leaving!"
Farnsworth says: "There's the door."
Bender thinks for a moment.
Bender says: "I'll be good."
[Scene says: "The Turangas' Living Room."
[Scene says: "Munda sweeps white flakes off the sofa."
Munda says: "Ah, do you have to shed your skin on the couch?"
Munda says: "What do we live in, a zoo?"
The doorbell rings.
Morris says: "I'm getting the doorbell."
Morris says: "For me?"
He chuckles.
Fry says: "Oh, uh, hello, sir."
Fry says: "It's a lovely evening you have tonight."
Fry says: "Um, I'm here to pick up your daughter."
Leela comes down the stairs wearing a dress. She has a bow in her hair.
Leela says: "Hi, Fry!"
Leela says: "I like your blazer."
Fry says: "Thanks."
Fry says: "These aren't pockets, they're just flaps."
Fry says: "I put my money in my sock."
They giggle.
Munda says: "So, where are you taking my daughter tonight?"
Fry says: "A movie, ma'am."
He winks at Leela and she smiles.
Morris says: "Well, whatever you're really doing, don't wake us if you get in after 12."
Leela says: "Dad, you're being too lenient again!"
Leela says: "I have to be back by 11."
Munda says: "OK, OK."
Munda says: "You're the boss!"
Leela says: "No, I'm not!"
[Scene says: "Outside Stenchy's."
[Scene says: "At the mutant cafe, Fry and Leela sit in a car looking at the menus."
Fry says: "I'd like a sewer burger but without the rat faeces."
Leela says: "What are you, on a diet?"
A car pulls up beside them with a mutant with moose antlers in his head and a girl with eyes on stalks inside.
Moose says: "Uh, Leela, you look hot."
Mandy says: "Jeez, Moose!"
Mandy says: "Just dump me right in front of her, why don't you."
Leela says: "Moose, Mandy; this is my friend Fry, from the surface."
Mandy says: "Oh, so this is the famous Fry."
Mandy says: "What is he, like, the biggest loser on the surface so he has to hang out in the sewer?"
Fry says: "They're onto me!"
Leela says: "Hey, come on!"
Leela says: "Let's act like grown-ups here."
Leela says: "Wanna race?"
Moose says: "Uh, yeah!"
They pulls away from Stenchy's and start racing through the sewer tunnels. Fry and Leela are lagging behind. Fry shuffles up to Leela and tries to put his arm around her but the car jerks and he falls over.
[Cut to says: "Sewage Treatment Plant."
[Cut to says: "Sal puts something in the tanks."
Sal says: "Theres."
Sal says: "The world's drinkings water is safes for another days."
Sal says: "Cripe!"
[Cut to says: "Sewers."
[Cut to says: "The cars scrape the sides of the tunnel and make sparks."
[Cut to says: "Leela comes alongside Moose."
[Cut to says: "They come to an open area of the sewer and a huge tapeworm comes out of the water."
Leela says: "A tapeworm!"
She and Fry scream and head off down a different tunnel to Moose and Mandy.
Fry says: "We missed the turn."
Fry says: "We'll never catch them."
Leela says: "Yes, we will."
Leela says: "This sewer goes right under Planet Express, and it's 9pm!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The toilet flushes."
Farnsworth says: "The devil take this predictable colon!"
[Cut to says: "Sewer."
[Cut to says: "Sewer water floods in behind Fry and Leela and the wave pushes them faster."
[Cut to says: "Fry screams."
[Cut to says: "At the finish line, Moose and Mandy are just about to win when Fry and Leela fly through and cut the tape first."
[Cut to says: "The crowd and Fry and Leela cheer."
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Leela says: "Alright!"
The car keeps going.
Fry says: "Leela, you can stop winning now."
Fry says: "We won!"
Leela says: "I'm too short to reach the handbrake!"
The car crashes into Martin Luther Thing Jr. High School and the building collapses. Dwayne sits at a desk in amongst the rubble and turns to Leela.
Dwayne says: "That's detention!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Study."
[Scene says: "Fry recounts his story to Bender."
Fry says: "And then, and then, this giant tapeworm tried to play us for chumps but we like totally dissed Moose!"
Farnsworth strokes the antlers of a moose on the wall.
Farnsworth says: "Yes, I'd like to meet this Moose."
Farnsworth says: "But, in the meantime, I have good news."
Farnsworth says: "I may have solved our age problem."
Fry says: "Yay!"
Farnsworth presses a button and a holographic strand of DNA appears on the desk.
Farnsworth says: "It seems the Youthasizing tar was saturated with time-altering Chronitons."
Farnsworth says: "A thin layer is still stuck to our DNA as well as Bender's robo, or "RNA"."
Bender says: "Question."
Farnsworth says: "Yes?"
Bender says: "You stink!"
He laughs.
Farnsworth says: "Yes, yes."
Farnsworth says: "Anyhow, I've designed an oil-eating bacterium that should take the tar right off."
Fry says: "C'mon!"
Fry says: "Let's go tell Leela so we can grow up together!"
Bender makes kissy-kissy noises. Fry frowns.
[Scene says: "The Turangas' Living Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Fry and Bender are with the Turangas."
Leela says: "Thanks, Professor."
Leela says: "But I don't want the treatment."
Farnsworth says: "Don't you understand, you little nitwit?"
Farnsworth says: "Unless you're treated soon, the only way to restore your true age would be to grow into it!"
Farnsworth says: "Just as God intended."
Munda says: "He has a point, honey."
Munda says: "What about your job and your friends?"
Munda says: "Do you really want to abandon your old life?"
Leela says: "My old life wasn't as glamorous as my webpage made it look."
Leela says: "All I ever wanted was to grow up here, with you."
Leela says: "Please?"
Munda says: "Well if it's what you really want."
Leela says: "It is."
Leela says: "I know it is."
Fry looks down sadly.
Fry says: "I'll miss you, Leela."
Fry says: "I'll come back and visit when I'm all grown up."
Leela says: "Bring beer."
Morris says: "No beer till you finish your tequila!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The Professor has set up a large green chamber."
Farnsworth says: "The age-restoring microbes are ready."
Farnsworth says: "Everyone into the bacterial spew chamber."
Everyone cheers and runs in.
Amy says: "Let's go!"
Bender says: "Yes, everyone do the same thing!"
Farnsworth closes the door.
[Cut to says: "Chamber."
Farnsworth says: "Initiating controlled infection."
He pulls a switch and the chamber coughs. The room fills with a cloud.
Zoidberg says: "I'm no doctor, but this machine guy could use a lozenge."
The cloud clears.
Amy says: "Aw, pooh!"
Amy says: "We're even younger!"
Farnsworth scans himself and the scanner display changes from "37.5" to "37.4" to "37.3".
Farnsworth says: "Day-umn!"
Farnsworth says: "The bacteria pigged-out on the tar and now they're getting freaky-deaky, spreading Chronitons throughout our systems."
Farnsworth says: "We're getting younger by the minute!"
The staff gasp.
Amy says: "Yikes!"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm going to revert through all my larval stages?"
He changes shape.
Farnsworth says: "Word!"
Farnsworth says: "We'll all keep getting younger and younger until we suffer a fate worse than death: Pre-life..."
Farnsworth says: "then death."
Zoidberg reverts to a shell.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth scans Amy with the scanner and the display changes from "8."
[Scene says: "3" to "8."
[Scene says: "2" to "8."
[Scene says: "1" to "Happy Birthday!"
[Scene says: "" It plays a tune."
Farnsworth says: "I've got to stop this reverse-aging before we all shrivel up and suffer the agony of un-birth."
Farnsworth says: "Think, you disco duck, think!"
Amy says: "What's that squirmal under your shirt?"
Farnsworth opens his shirt and reveals Zoidberg attached to his chest.
Farnsworth says: "Get off me, you parasitic lamprey!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, sure, like you need all your blood."
Farnsworth knocks him off and he woops and slides around on the floor. The kids scream.
Farnsworth says: "Would you all chill!"
Farnsworth says: "I can't think with you kids cramping my style!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I need a babysitter."
[Scene says: "The Turangas' House: Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "The kids jump up and down on Leela's bed."
Leela says: "OK, quiet time."
Leela says: "I know, everyone pretend a goblin ate your tongue and I'll read you a story."
Zoidberg says: "I can't see from down here, I can't."
Leela picks him up off the floor and sticks him to the wall.
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "Today's story is from New Teen magazine."
Leela says: "What would you rather hear about?"
Leela says: "Four-legged Chachi or tentacled Chachi?"
Fry says: "I wanna hear a space story!"
He holds up a book called A Child's Garden Of Space Legends.
Leela says: "It's kind of a baby book."
Leela says: "But OK."
Leela says: "Let's see."
Leela says: "Snow White Dwarf And The Seven Red Dwarves, Charlotte's Tholian Web, The Fountain Of Aging."
She gasps.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Leela talks to Farnsworth on the videophone."
Farnsworth says: "The Fountain of Aging?"
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "It is just a legend."
Farnsworth says: "Still, they called the Tooth Fairy a legend and now he's head of the FBI."
[Scene says: "The Turangas' Living Room."
[Scene says: "There is a knock at the door and Morris answers."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth has long hair."
Farnsworth says: "Sup?"
Farnsworth says: "Kids ready?"
The kids run out screaming. Fry hugs Farnsworth's leg.
Fry says: "Professy's back!"
Fry says: "And drinking."
Farnsworth says: "I had a few beers but I'm cool to drive."
Leela says: "I wish I could come with you to say goodbye, before you all turn back in to grown-ups but I'm grounded for knocking the school over."
Munda says: "Who cares, Leela?"
Munda says: "It was just a public school."
Munda says: "Now go with your friends, please."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "A grounded teenager must be confined to her room!"
[Scene says: "Outside The Turangas' House."
[Scene says: "Leela opens her bedroom window and starts climbing out."
Leela says: "Until she sneaks out!"
She climbs out and starts up the ladder after the others.
Bender says: "When I grow up, I wanna be a steam shovel!"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The kids, now tots, have disassembled Bender and are playing with his pieces."
[Scene says: "A geeky-looking Farnsworth flies the ship."
[Scene says: "Leela reads the book."
Leela says: "According to this, the Fountain is located in the darkest, most ancient region of space, just past Teddy Bear Junction."
Farnsworth says: "Teddy Bear Junction: The worst scum-hole in the galaxy."
[Scene says: "The ship flies into a solar system."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Farnsworth says: "This solar system is, like, way old."
Leela says: "Look how high the asteroid belt is pulled up on that planet."
Farnsworth says: "Newsflash!"
Farnsworth says: "Everything's getting older the closer we get to that ancient, burnt-out sun."
Leela says: "Dude, the Fountain of Aging must be on the sun itself."
Farnsworth says: "Shut up!"
Farnsworth says: "I was gonna say that!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the sun and comes in to land."
[Cut to says: "Fountain of Aging."
[Cut to says: "The ship lands to the swirling, blue whirlpool."
Time Lapse. Leela wheels the really young kids off the cargo bay lift.
Leela says: "We've got to hurry."
Leela says: "The kids have only one change of pants!"
Farnsworth puts Zoidberg on some steps at the side of the Fountain.
Farnsworth says: "We gotta be real, real careful to stay in just long enough to make us our right ages again."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg!"
Farnsworth says: "Get out of there!"
Zoidberg says: "The current!"
Zoidberg says: "It's too much, already!"
Zoidberg says: "Help!"
Zoidberg gets closer to the vortex, turns grey, cracks and breaks up like Walter Donovan in Indiana Jones And The Last Crusade. The babies cry.
Farnsworth says: "Jeepers!"
Leela says: "Zoidberg is dead!"
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg's brother is dead!"
Zoidberg says: "Funny story: I just reverted to the age where my siblings budded from me and my brother Norman split off and jumped in the fountain."
Sibling #1 says: "He always had to be the centre of attention!"
The other siblings agree.
Sibling #2 says: "Let him go!"
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "Quick!"
Leela says: "Get them into the fountain!"
Farnsworth gathers them up and walks down the steps.
Farnsworth says: "Thanks for the help, Weewa."
Farnsworth says: "Once we're gwown up, you can go back to your famiwy."
Farnsworth says: "We'wl never bother you again."
Leela says: "Well, you could bother me a little."
Farnsworth climbs and holds onto the side. The staff rapidly age.
Farnsworth says: "It's working!"
Farnsworth says: "Hooray!"
Farnsworth says: "I can't hold on!"
He lets go and the whirlpool catches him.
Leela says: "I'm coming in after you!"
She ties a baby blanket around her waist.
Farnsworth says: "No, Leela!"
Farnsworth says: "You can't give up your childhood!"
Farnsworth says: "You'll never have another chance at it!"
Leela thinks about it then jumps in. She reaches out to Fry and grabs his hand. The others grab on to him and they climb out at the side, back to their old selves.
Fry says: "We did it!"
Fry says: "We're the right ages again!"
Leela says: "I think I might be a couple years younger."
Amy says: "Oh, me too!"
She winks at Leela.
Farnsworth says: "Help!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm still in mid-peril, you clods!"
Leela says: "He's too far out!"
Leela says: "We can't reach him!"
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, you came back to me!"
Pazuzu sets him down with the others.
Hermes says: "Are you back to your original age, Professor?"
Farnsworth scans himself.
Farnsworth says: "Even older!"
Farnsworth says: "Huzzah!"
He cheers and his bones break.
Fry says: "I'm sorry you had to give up being a kid, Leela."
Leela says: "Well, I guess every adult wants to be a kid again sometimes."
Leela says: "But I worked hard to be the person I am."
Fry says: "The fabulous person!"
Fry says: "Fabulous friends!"
He hugs her and Bender.
Leela says: "And I'm really happy I have that life back."
Farnsworth pats Pazuzu.
Farnsworth says: "And you, my faithful fiend!"
Farnsworth says: "How can I ever repay you?"
[Scene says: "Notre Dame."
[Scene says: "The gargoyles sit on the roof."
Pazuzu says: "And zat, little one, is how Papa gained his freedom."
Pazuzu says: "Now, bonne nuit, bonne nuit to you all!"
The bells play the Futurama theme.
Closing Credits.