[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Deciphered From Crop Circles."
[Scene says: "Outside The Comedy Simulator."
[Scene says: ""Amateur Nite" is displayed in lights on the building and "Amateur Valet Parking Nite" is displayed on a billboard by the door."
[Scene says: "A man and a woman wait for the valet to bring their car round and he promptly crashes it into a lamppost, gets out and hands the man the keys."
[Cut to says: "The Comedy Simulator."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela and Bender watch a robot with a mechanical voice finish his act."
[Cut to says: "Leela wears her black jacket."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "So I says, "Super collider?"
Humorbot 5.0 says: "I just met her!"
Humorbot 5.0 says: ""  And then they built the super collider."
Humorbot 5.0 says: "Thank you, you've been a great audience."
The audience applauds and the robot leaves. Florp takes the mic.
Florp says: "Humorbot 5."
Florp says: "0, ladies and gentlemen."
Florp says: "Our next stand-up's a veteran of four comedy traffic schools."
Florp says: "Give it way up for Bobcat Zoidberg!"
The audience applauds and Zoidberg walks onto the stage.
Fry says: "Alright!"
Leela says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Alright, Zoidberg!"
The applause dies down.
Zoidberg says: "Earth: What a planet."
Zoidberg says: "On Earth, you enjoy eating a tasty clam."
Zoidberg says: "On my planet, clams enjoy eating a tasty you."
Zoidberg says: "On Earth, everybody is always looking for a giant squid."
A tomato hits him in the face and he eats it. At their table, Bender stresses back a spoon back.
Bender says: "Reload."
Leela puts another tomato on it and he fires. It misses Zoidberg and he carries on with his act.
The audience murmurs.
Woman #1 says: "Ew, gross."
Zoidberg says: "And they walk up to the bar and then-- Uh-oh."
Zoidberg says: "Wait, stop!"
Zoidberg says: "I've got more!"
Another hook comes on from the other side of the stage and hits him on the head. He falls down and the audience applauds. He groans.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The next morning, the staff sit around the table."
Zoidberg says: "My whole life I worked on that act."
Zoidberg says: "And they hated it."
Hermes says: "You're a crazy, penniless, lobster doctor."
Hermes says: "No combination of you should be a comedian."
Zoidberg says: "But comedy is in my valves."
Zoidberg says: "My Uncle Harold was a big Hollywood star back in the era of silent holograms."
Leela says: "Your uncle was Harold Zoid?"
Zoidberg says: "This I cannot deny."
Farnsworth says: "Why, I've been a Harold Zoid fan since back when my hips were made of bone."
Farnsworth says: "As it happens, I still have some of my original 78s."
He picks up a big 78 million RPM Holodisk, blows the dust off it and puts the disc onto a gramophone-like machine. A black-and-white 3D picture appears in the middle of the table. The studio is Metropolitan Holoplays and the title is A Close Shaving MMCMXXII. A Decapodian barber played by Harold Zoid sharpens his razor blades in his shop. A man walks in and says "Your finest trim, please". He takes his hat off and the barber uses his claws to cut the man's moustache completely off. The man is shocked and exclaims "You are a buffoon. Now cut my beard". The barber puts shaving foam over the man's chin and cuts his head off. The man's head bounces through the door. The barber waves the man's hat. "Sir, you forgot your hat!" The film ends with the caption "The End" and "Buy Moxie". The staff chuckle.
Hermes says: "You're right, crabby."
Hermes says: "He's a hell of a lot funnier than you could ever be."
Zoidberg says: "Maybe so, but perhaps if I wrote him and asked for a few hundred pointers..."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Fry sits with Zoidberg as he plans his letter."
Zoidberg says: "This letter has to be very personal, so I'm writing it in my own ink."
Zoidberg says: "Dear Uncle Zoid, greetings from your long-lost nephew."
Zoidberg says: "Norm and Sam and Sadie's boy, remember?"
[Fade to says: "Outside Final Curtain Old Actors' Home."
[Fade to says: "The building is a run-down heap on Hollywood and Vine."
Zoidberg says: "Now I am the most important doctor at the delivery company where I work."
Zoidberg says: "But, sadly, my life is bereft of laughter."
[Cut to says: "Final Curtain Old Actors' Home Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The inside of the building is as equally run-down as the outside."
[Cut to says: "An old Decapodian sits in a chair reading Zoidberg's letter."
Zoid says: "Oy, isn't that nice?"
Zoid says: "He took the time."
An old woman looks over his shoulder.
Woman #2 says: "What's that scribbledy-gook?"
Zoid says: "This is a fan letter from my rich doctor nephew, who just might be my ticket out of this flophouse, he might."
Zoid says: "Dear Rich Doctor Nephew, I can help you be funny."
Zoid says: "The first funny thing you must do is put all your money in the form of a cashier's check and come to Hollywood."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg reads the reply to Bender, Fry and Leela."
Zoidberg says: "Did you hear that?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm going to Hollywood!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies across the California desert, through the middle of the third Hollywood "O" and down to a multi-storey car park."
[Scene says: "Leela sets down in a compact-only space, shunting the cars either side out of the way."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela puts the huge steering lock on the wheel."
[Scene says: "Hollywood Street."
[Scene says: "They board an open-top Star Tours bus, which, as the disclaimer states, does not leave Earth."
Tour Guide says: "Welcome to Hollywood!"
Tour Guide says: "I must warn you, there's no refund if you get discovered and leave the tour!"
Tour Guide says: "Fox uses those searchlights to blind pilots, then film the resulting plane crashes."
The passengers get a demonstration as a plane crashes nearby in a huge fireball. Bender takes a photo of it.
Bender says: "Neat!"
Tour Guide says: "Ahead, you'll see the home of Mel Gibson, star of the hit film, Bravehead."
Tour Guide says: "And do we have any fans of Calculon, star of the robot soap opera All My Circuits?"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "I am!"
Bender says: "Me!"
Bender says: "Bender is!"
Tour Guide says: "Then you'll wanna get a close look at his luxurious Bel-Air home."
Bender says: "Yes, I will."
He jumps off the bus, lands on a car and runs through the hedge.
[Cut to says: "Outside Calculon's House."
[Cut to says: "Bender rings the doorbell and Calculon, wearing a personalised bathrobe, answers it."
Calculon says: "Are you my new hot water heater?"
Bender says: "No, I'm Bender."
Bender says: "We met once, remember?"
Calculon says: "Absolutely not."
Bender says: "Come on, don't you remember how much I was bugging you, don't you?"
Bender says: "'Cause it was a lot, you remember, right?"
Calculon pushes him away.
Calculon says: "Look, I'm programmed to be very busy."
Calculon says: "Unless you can heat water to 212 degrees, I'm not interested."
Calculon says: "Have you got an extra GOTO 10 line?"
Calculon says: "I said I don't need a bender."
Bender says: "Bender?"
Bender says: "That was the other guy."
Bender says: "My name's Boiler."
[Scene says: "Calculon's Bathroom."
[Scene says: "Calculon stands in the shower."
[Scene says: "Bender stands behind him spraying him with water."
Calculon says: "Nice work, Boiler."
Bender says: "Thanks."
Bender says: "And call me Bender."
[Scene says: "Hollywood Street."
[Scene says: "The tour bus passes Hugo Bott, Calvin Clone and a restaurant called Ebola."
Zoidberg says: "That's where I'm meeting Uncle Zoid for lunch to discuss my Hollywood dreams."
Zoidberg says: "Next time you see me, don't be surprised if I've eaten."
He runs off the bus and into the restaurant, wooping.
[Cut to says: "Ebola."
[Cut to says: "He stops wooping when he sees a smartly-dressed Zoid sitting at a table waiting for him."
Zoidberg says: "Uncle Zoid, you're looking young enough to be thrown back!"
Zoid says: "Rich nephew, come over here and give your uncle a nice, big meal."
Zoid says: "So, here we are: A still-famous film comedian."
Zoidberg says: "And a rich, respected doctor with many surviving patients."
Zoid says: "Eating real food in a restaurant, as we both often do."
Zoid says: "So, you want to be a comedian, is it?"
Zoidberg says: "It's my lifelong dream."
Zoid says: "You're unfunny and untalented."
Zoid says: "That's why you're perfect for drama."
Zoidberg says: "Hmm."
Zoidberg says: "Serious drama."
Zoidberg says: "Perhaps it is time to give up comedy."
A waiter trips and drops a plate of spaghetti bolognese on Zoidberg. The other diners laugh.
Zoid says: "I'm putting together a big drama picture right now, as we speak."
Zoid says: "The script is dynamite."
Zoid says: "I know because I wrote it myself."
Zoid says: "And with me directing and starring, I'll be back on top after 50 miserable years--  Uh, of fame."
Zoidberg says: "Ah, fame."
Zoidberg says: "Where do I come in?"
Zoid says: "This fame film has a juicy part for you, if you completely finance it with your doctor money."
Zoid says: "So, are you in?"
Zoidberg says: "Uh, OK."
Zoidberg says: "How much do I have to invest?"
Zoid says: "Oh, not much, not much,  Then it's settled."
Zoid says: "Another blockbuster Hollywood deal."
Waiter says: "What can I get you gentlemen?"
Zoidberg says: "Is bread free?"
Waiter says: "Yeah."
Zoidberg says: "We'll split an order."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship is still parked."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Fry and Leela are back."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg cries."
[Scene says: "Bender walks in with a cap, a personalised jacket, shades and a cigar."
Bender says: "What's with Monstro?"
Fry says: "He promised he'd give his Uncle Zoid a million bucks to make a movie."
Zoidberg says: "I've only been here a day and already I'm a Hollywood phoney."
Bender says: "Well, perhaps I could call on TV's Calculon to help, now that I'm in showbiz."
He turns around and shows the others the All My Circuits logo on the back of his jacket.
Fry says: "Since when have you been in the biz?"
Bender says: "Long enough, little man."
Bender says: "Long enough."
His hand shakes and bursts, spraying water over Fry.
[Scene says: "Outside All My Circuits Soundstage."
[Scene says: "The four pass a sign saying "Taping In Progress."
[Scene says: "Please Announce Self With Bullhorn" as they go in."
[Scene says: "Calculon's Dressing Room."
[Scene says: "They walk in as Calculon applies WD-40 to himself."
Bender says: "Calculon, as your hot water heater..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "I would be remiss if I didn't bring you scripts that could make you an international film star."
Calculon says: "Of course."
Calculon says: "Tell me about the project."
Zoidberg says: "It's a movie."
Calculon says: "Interesting."
Calculon says: "Tell me more."
Bender says: "Get this: For a scant $1 million investment, you can be the star."
Calculon says: "And?"
Bender says: "And, uh, I guarantee it'll win you an Oscar."
Calculon says: "An Oscar, you say?"
Calculon says: "That would get me out of this festering rat's nest called "television" once and for all."
Calculon says: "Let me see the script."
Calculon says: "Wait!"
Calculon says: "Harold Zoid?"
Calculon says: "Was this written by the Harold Zoid?"
Zoidberg says: "Written and Xeroxed."
Calculon says: "Good heavens!"
Calculon says: "A chance to work with the legendary Harold Zoid."
Calculon says: "He's one of my great idols."
Calculon says: "And-And you say you can guarantee me the Oscar?"
Bender says: "I can guarantee anything you want."
Calculon says: "Then I'll do it!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Bender opens his chest cabinet.
Bender says: "Here's your chequebook."
[Scene says: "The Magnificent Three Soundstage."
[Scene says: "Sets are built and backdrops are painted as Calculon introduces Zoid."
Calculon says: "Ladies and gentlemen, I give you our director, the legendary Harold Zoid!"
The cast and crew applaud Zoid, who is dressed riding trousers and various other odd clothes.
Zoid says: "Thank you."
Zoid says: "A more classic movie plot there isn't: A son who does not want to follow in his father's business."
Zoid says: "And that business is being President of Earth, no less."
Zoid says: "The son, as it happens, is Vice President."
Bender says: "That plot makes perfect sense."
Bender says: "Wink, wink."
Zoidberg says: "Bender, you said "wink, wink" out loud."
Bender says: "No, I didn't."
Bender says: "Raise middle finger."
Time Lapse. Calculon stands in front of a backdrop of the White House and Zoid tries to find a good angle.
Zoid says: "Now remember, and I can't stress this enough, this is a talkie, so I want the full gamut of emotions from every actor in every scene."
He walks onto the set with Calculon.
Zoidberg says: "The Magnificent Three."
Zoidberg says: "Scene one, take one."
He claps the clapperboard together, which has been painted on his claw.
Zoid says: "And, action!"
Calculon says: "Take back your gilded pen, Father."
Calculon says: "Signing bills into law was always your dream, not mine."
Zoid says: "Cut!"
Zoid says: "Cut!"
Zoid says: "Cut it!"
Zoid says: "I said this is a talkie, damnit!"
Zoid says: "You've got to emote more!"
Zoid says: "And you extras, wave your arms and make faces."
Zoid says: "What is this, a morgue?"
Time Lapse. Zoid, Calculon and some extras stand on a set of the Oval Office.
Zoidberg says: "The Magnificent Three."
Zoidberg says: "Scene 10, take 95."
Zoid says: "Action."
Zoid says: "And I mean circus-grade action."
As Calculon over-acts his way through the scene, extras run around the set, waving their arms, making noises and impersonating apes.
Calculon says: "Sir, I call upon you not as a President but as a father."
He cries on Zoid's shoulder. Zoid pushes him away.
Zoid says: "Cut, cut, cut it!"
Zoid says: "Throw a pie or two, for God's sake."
Time Lapse. The extras run around in front of the White House backdrop throwing pies and laughing.
Time Lapse. On a set of the White House roof, Calculon finishes a scene. There is a rain and wind machine nearby.
Calculon says: "Nooo!"
He cries. Zoid runs onto the set.
Zoid says: "Cut, cut it!"
Zoid says: "Eck!"
Zoid says: "Look, look, it's alright, kid."
Zoid says: "We'll, uh, we'll get it in editing."
Zoid says: "Alright, that's a wrap, everybody."
Zoid says: "I'm gonna see you all at the premiere which, by the way, when is?"
Zoidberg says: "Well, editing is a long and expensive process but we spent all the money on pies, so it'll be ready Friday."
[Scene says: "Loew's Gaddafi's Mann's Grauman's Chinese Theater."
[Scene says: "Bender takes a seat with the stars in the packed auditorium."
Bender says: "Nice turnout, Calculon."
Bender says: "That Oscar's practically on your mantel."
Calculon says: "I just pray they like me half as much as I do."
[The lights dim says: ""The White House."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: ""The White House."
a caption is typed across the screen says: ""The White House."
[The lights dim says: "Washington D."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: "Washington D."
a caption is typed across the screen says: "Washington D."
[The lights dim says: "D."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: "D."
a caption is typed across the screen says: "D."
[The lights dim says: "" The caption corrects to "D."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: "" The caption corrects to "D."
a caption is typed across the screen says: "" The caption corrects to "D."
[The lights dim says: "C."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: "C."
a caption is typed across the screen says: "C."
[The lights dim says: "" Calculon and Zoid have a scene together in the Oval Office."
the credits roll. The audience cheers when Zoid's name comes up on the screen. The first scene begins says: "" Calculon and Zoid have a scene together in the Oval Office."
a caption is typed across the screen says: "" Calculon and Zoid have a scene together in the Oval Office."
Calculon says: "Thank you, Lieutenant Smith."
Zoidberg says: "Good morning, Mr."
Zoidberg says: "Vice President!"
[Scene says: "Outside Loew's Gaddafi's Grauman's Chinese Theater."
[Scene says: "Next door, Pauly Shore's Jury Duty II is still playing."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies back and forth over the building."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry peers through the window."
[Cut to says: "He wears a light blue tuxedo."
Fry says: "Leela, we're missing the premiere."
Fry says: "My only goal in life was to attend a Hollywood shindig."
Fry says: "Just pay the valet the two bucks."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "It's the principle of the thing."
Leela says: "Besides, I think I see a parking lot up ahead."
[Scene says: "The ship lands on a black surface and starts to sink."
[Scene says: "Leela has landed on a tar pit."
[Scene says: "She and Fry scream."
[Scene says: "Loew's Gaddafi's Mann's Grauman's Chinese Theater."
[Scene says: "In the film, Calculon and Zoid are on the roof of the White House in the rain."
[Scene says: "Zoid sits in a wheelchair."
Calculon says: "Father, I've asked you to join me on the White House roof so we could have a heart-to-heart talk."
Calculon says: "I will never follow in your footsteps."
Calculon says: "Here is my resignation as Vice President."
Zoid cuts the paper up.
Zoid says: "No!"
Zoid says: "My son will not shame me like this."
Zoid says: "I would sooner die, I would!"
He pushes his wheelchair away.
Calculon says: "Father!"
Calculon says: "The ledge!"
Zoid's chair rolls off the ledge.
Zoid says: "Oy!"
Calculon says: "Oh!"
Zoidberg opens a hatch in the roof.
Zoidberg says: "The President is dead."
Zoidberg says: "Congratulations, Mr."
Zoidberg says: "President!"
Calculon says: "Nooo!"
The film ends with Bender credited as executive producer.
Bender says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "He's a visionary!"
Calculon looks around. The room is empty.
Calculon says: "Everyone walked out."
Calculon says: "They hated it."
Calculon says: "I've seen plagues that had better opening nights than this."
Calculon says: "You said that Oscar was practically on my mantel."
Bender says: "Now you know why I use the qualifier, "practically"."
Calculon says: "You listen to me."
Calculon says: "I'm out a million bucks here!"
Calculon says: "You get me that Oscar or you're dead!"
Calculon says: "You and these snivelling lobsters!"
Calculon says: "Dead."
Calculon says: "You hear me?"
Calculon says: "Dead!"
Bender and Zoidberg huddle together. Calculon leaves.
Zoid says: "Oy, now he emotes!"
Zoidberg says: "Let's just hope Calculon breaks our legs; they'll grow back."
Zoid says: "He's gonna kill us, you klutzel!"
Zoid says: "Who told that under-acting stiff he was going to get an Oscar?"
Bender says: "Me."
Bender says: "It seemed like the least honest way to get him to pay for the movie."
Zoid says: "He paid?"
Zoid says: "I though you paid, with your big-shot doctor money."
Zoidberg says: "I lied."
Zoid says: "OK, enough with the blubbering, already."
Zoid says: "The way I directed the hell out of him, he may still very well get the nomination."
Bender says: "Wink."
[Scene says: "Calculon's Lounge."
[Scene says: "Calculon reads Daily Variety."
[Scene says: "The headline reads "Osc Noms Announced" and "Also, Oscar Nominations Announced"."
Calculon says: "400 categories and not a single nomination for me."
Zoidberg says: "But you won this Golden Globe!"
Calculon says: "Piffle!"
Calculon says: "That's the Emmy of movie awards!"
Calculon says: "I told you I want an Oscar."
Bender says: "Then maybe you should act better."
Calculon says: "The Oscar isn't about acting."
Calculon says: "It's about earning the respect and admiration of the creative community."
Zoid says: "How 'bout we rig the awards?"
Calculon says: "That's fine too."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship is still in the tar pit."
[Scene says: "Leela tries the engine."
Leela says: "It's no use."
Leela says: "The tar is too thick."
Leela says: "Plus, I think I flooded it."
Fry says: "Well, we missed the premiere and we're gonna die."
Fry says: "We might as well enjoy the sights."
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "Sylvester Stallone!"
[Scene says: "Final Curtain Old Actors' Home: Zoid's Room."
Zoidberg says: "This is where you live?"
Zoidberg says: "I though you were a big-shot Hollywood movie star."
Zoid says: "No, I'm not."
Zoid says: "I'm an even bigger liar than you."
Zoid says: "My career went down the tubes the day they invented smell-a-vision."
Bender says: "Calculon's gonna kill us for sure."
Bender says: "It's all everybody else's fault."
Zoid says: "Oy."
Zoid says: "All I wanted was for people to think of me one last time before I die."
Zoidberg says: "What are you talking about, Uncle?"
Zoidberg says: "Everybody remembers Harold Zoid!"
Zoid says: "As a pathetic has-been, they remember me."
Zoid says: "As a forgotten relic, they remember me."
Zoid says: "Bah!"
Zoid says: "It's better to die now."
Zoidberg says: "No."
Zoidberg says: "This is one death Dr."
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg won't be responsible for."
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg away!"
He leaves with an ineffective walk.
[Scene says: "Outside Academy Awards."
[Scene says: "Florp arrives in a limo and photographers line the red carpet to take pictures of the stars."
[Scene says: "Joan Rivers' head presents the TV coverage."
Rivers says: "Hi, I'm Joan Rivers' head."
Rivers says: "I tell you, I've had so many face-lifts, they finally lifted it right off my body!"
Rivers says: "It's true, it's true!"
Rivers says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Rivers says: "Here comes Jack Nicholson's DNA reconstituted in a gorilla body."
The gorilla walks up the carpet. Around the back, Bender, wearing a chef's hat, pushes a trolley towards a door. A doorman stops him.
Bender says: "Catering."
The doorman lifts the lid off the plate. Zoidberg is underneath with a pineapple in his mouth. The doorman gags and lets Bender inside. Joan Rivers introduces more stars on the red carpet.
Rivers says: "Oh, and here's washed-up actor, whatshisname, Harold Zoid."
Rivers says: "Are you presenting one of those tacky honorary awards, or just getting one?"
Zoid says: "I'm a seat-filler, Joan's head."
Zoid says: "My only marketable skill is to occupy space."
[Scene says: "Academy Awards."
[Scene says: "Zoid sits between Calculon and Boxy."
Calculon says: "You know, the second I don't win that award, you're cat food."
Calculon says: "Right, Boxy?"
Boxy beeps and points a laser at Zoid. Some music plays and the audience applauds.
Announcer says: "And now, the host of the 1074th Academy Awards, Billy Crystal."
The curtain lifts. Crystal's head is atop a giant Oscar statuette.
Crystal says: "Now I know how a Pez dispenser feels."
Crystal says: "Our first award tonight: Best Cinematography in a Non-Visible Spectrum."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "It's been two weeks."
Fry says: "You wanna play tic-tac-toe again before we eat our shoes?"
Leela says: "Oh, I always knew I'd die at the bottom of a pit."
Leela says: "But a pit full of tar?"
The ship bangs and tilts.
Fry says: "What was that?"
Fry says: "A tar dolphin or a tar shark?"
Leela looks at a scanner.
Leela says: "It's some kind of hollow tube, devoid of human life."
Leela says: "The Los Angeles subway!"
Leela says: "We can blast our way in and escape!"
Fry says: "Alright, but I still feel like having a shoe."
He starts to eat it and Leela tries the engine.
[Scene says: "Academy Awards."
[Scene says: "Backstage, Bender peeps through a curtain."
Zoidberg says: "What category are they on?"
Bender says: "They're giving out the minor technical awards."
Bender says: "I think they're up to writing."
Zoidberg says: "That just leaves Best Soft-Drink Product Placement and then Best Actor."
Zoidberg says: "We don't have much time."
On the stage, the next category is presented.
Slurm Machine says: "Star Trek: The Pepsi Generation, They Call Me Mr."
Slurm Machine says: "Pibb and Snow White and the 7 Ups."
Backstage, Bender swaps the microphones over.
Bender says: "And now to present the award for Best Actor..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Dr."
Bender says: "Zoidberg."
The audience applauds. Zoidberg throws Crystal's head out of his jar and the audience cheers louder.
Calculon says: "OK, Boxy, keep your prong on the trigger."
Zoid whimpers.
Zoidberg says: "And the nominees for Best Actor are: Sir Lawrence--..."
Zoidberg says: "in The Merchant of Venus, Hive Mind Gamma 7X in Bikini Party Summer, the Soda Machine Robot in Bikini Party Summer, Mark Jones in How Beige Was My Jacket and, instead of the fifth guy, Calculon, for his powerhouse performance in The Magnificent Three."
The audience murmurs. Backstage are two men with ballot boxes.
Man #1 says: "Uh-oh, he read the wrong name."
Man #2 says: "Shh, just play along, like they did for Marisa Tomei."
Zoid cheers.
Zoid says: "Hooray, I won't be murdered."
Zoid says: "I'll live another day."
Zoid says: "Another day of..."
Zoid says: "pathetic, forgotten misery."
Zoidberg sees his sad uncle and opens the envelope.
Zoidberg says: "And the winner is..."
Zoidberg says: "And the winner, instead of any of the nominees, is the legendary Harold Zoid!"
Zoid runs onto the stage and the audience clap in confusion. Zoid hugs Zoidberg.
Zoid says: "Thank you."
Zoid says: "Thank you so much!"
Zoid says: "You know, through all my ups and downs, I always thought the most important thing in life was to win an Oscar."
Zoid says: "But tonight I realise what's really important is to win two Oscars."
Zoid says: "Ha!"
Zoid says: "Ha!"
Zoid says: "I'm kidding, I'm kidding."
Zoid says: "What really matters in life is that people care about you, whether it's a whole crowd..."
Zoid says: "..."
Zoid says: "or just one die-hard fan."
He looks at Zoidberg. The audience claps and Jack Nicholson swings from a chandelier.
[Scene says: "Ebola."
[Scene says: "Bender, Zoid and Zoidberg attend the Oscars party."
Zoid says: "Thank you, nephew."
Zoid says: "Now I can die happy."
Zoid says: "10 seconds from now, when Calculon kills us."
Calculon and Boxy walk in.
Calculon says: "Harold Zoid!"
Bender says: "Hit the deck!"
He and Zoidberg cower under the table.
Calculon says: "Where's that Oscar?"
Zoid says: "Here, enjoy."
Zoid says: "What are you getting upset?"
Zoid says: "It's slightly less fraudulent for you to have it."
He hands it to Calculon.
Calculon says: "Yes."
Calculon says: "Yes, it's a real beauty."
Calculon says: "Someday I hope to win one of my own."
He puts it back on the table.
Bender says: "Then you're not going to kill us, Your Majesty?"
Calculon says: "Nay."
Calculon says: "I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar."
The crowd claps and the room shakes.
Zoidberg says: "Earthquake!"
Bender says: "Hit the deck!"
Zoid says: "Let the earth quake, I've got somebody's Oscar!"
[Scene says: "Hollywood Street."
[Scene says: "The tar-covered Planet Express ship bursts out of an L."
[Scene says: "A."
[Scene says: "subway terminal and glides to a stop outside Ebola."
[Scene says: "Leela and Fry walk down the steps."
Fry says: "We made it!"
Fry says: "I'm at a Hollywood party!"
Doorman says: "I'm sorry, sir, this is a private-- Oh, pardon me, I see you're with Mr."
Doorman says: "Stallone."
Stallone's skeleton is stuck to Fry's leg. The doorman lets him and Leela in.
Closing Credits.