[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Dancing Space Potatoes?"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "You Bet!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg sits in a bathtub and Amy sits at the table reading Martians Are From Mars, Venusians Are From Venus."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry wearing his red spacesuit."
Fry says: "Delivery boy Philip J."
Fry says: "Fry, reporting for duty."
Zoidberg says: "Dr."
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg, soaking in brine."
He relaxes and blows brine through his blowhole. It splatters on Amy but she doesn't notice.
Fry says: "What is the meaning of this?"
Fry says: "We've got a delivery, people."
Fry says: "Let's move!"
Fry says: "Let's move!"
Fry says: "Interesting, interesting."
Fry says: "Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg, mission bag?"
Zoidberg says: "Packed and ready, sir."
Fry takes the brown bag from him and takes something out.
Fry says: "What's this?"
Fry says: "This is the same toy surprise I got last time!"
Fry says: "I can't work under these conditions."
Fry says: "And without me there is no mission."
Fry says: "I am the mission!"
The ship lands and Bender and Leela walk out.
Leela says: "We're back from the mission!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "Fry leans over the railings."
Fry says: "Wh-What?"
Fry says: "You went without me?"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Bender says: "You were looking up curse words in the dictionary."
Bender says: "It seemed like a better use of your time."
Fry says: "But-- But I'm the delivery boy."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
Leela says: "Don't worry."
Leela says: "Everything went fine."
Bender says: "Better than usual!"
Leela says: "We got medals!"
Leela says: "Good work, team!"
Leela says: "We really pulled together on this one."
Bender cheers and they bump each other. Fry looks on sadly.
Zoidberg says: "They got medals."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Leela blow-dries her hair and Bender brushes his eyes with a toothbrush."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on the bench."
Fry says: "I'm real sorry I missed the mission."
Fry says: "I wasn't there and you might have needed me."
Bender says: "Nope."
Bender says: "Nope."
Bender says: "Nope."
Bender says: "Nope!"
He groans.
Fry says: "Listen, Leela, let me make it up by taking you out to dinner tonight."
Leela says: "Nope."
Leela says: "I've got a date with Chaz."
Fry says: "Chaz?"
Leela says: "I met him at that charity cock fight last week."
Leela says: "He's the mayor's aide."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "You go, mutant girl!"
He whips her with his towel.
Leela says: "I do go!"
Leela says: "He's a very important man."
Fry says: "So?"
Fry says: "I'm just as important as him."
Fry says: "don't do it."
He hunches over. Bender hangs his towel over him and blowtorches under his armpit.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry sit on the couch."
[Scene says: "Fry sighs and strokes Nibbler."
Fry says: "I'm nobody."
Fry says: "There are guys in the background of Mary Worth comics who are more important than me."
Bender says: "Ah, buck up, meatloaf."
Bender says: "Bender'll take you out tonight and cheer you up."
Bender says: "What do you wanna do?"
Bender says: "And I mean anything."
Bender says: "You have the power!"
Bender says: "Name it and I'm there."
Bender says: "You the man!"
Fry says: "Um, OK."
Fry says: "Let's go bowling."
Bender says: "Nah."
He puts his feet up and turns the TV on.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine Foyer."
[Scene says: "Chaz holds open the door for Leela and they pass a sign that says "Bathroom Is For Stroganoff Customers Only"."
[Scene says: "Enter Elzar."
Elzar says: "Table for two?"
Elzar says: "Step right this way."
Chaz says: "I'm afraid we don't have a reservation but, uh, as you can see..."
Chaz says: "..."
Chaz says: "I'm the mayor's aide."
Chaz says: "Table for two, please."
Elzar stares.
Elzar says: "OK then."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Elzar seats Chaz and Leela."
[Scene says: "Two chefs run out from the kitchen chasing a cockroach."
[Scene says: "It runs onto a table and Elzar whacks it with a piece of bread."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Chaz says: "It's OK, my man."
Chaz says: "I got you covered on your next health inspection."
Elzar says: "I really appreciate that, mister mayor's aide."
Elzar says: "Here you go."
Elzar says: "Compliments of the house."
Leela says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "Free bread at a restaurant?"
Leela says: "Is there anything you can't do?"
Chaz says: "I can't fail the mayor."
Chaz says: "Not ever."
Leela sighs, lovestruck.
[Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Scene says: "Fry sits at a table, drinking "Shiz"."
[Scene says: "He sees Leela and Chaz walk in and covers one side of his face with his hand."
Fry says: "Oh, jeez!"
Fry says: "Better not let Leela see me."
Leela says: "Hey, I hear Fry."
Leela says: "Boy, am I glad you're here."
Fry says: "You are?"
Fry says: "So things aren't working out with whatshisname?"
Leela says: "Actually..."
Leela says: "they are!"
Leela says: "Confidentially, I might not make it back to my apartment tonight!"
Leela says: "Could you walk Nibbler for me?"
She hands him her key.
Fry says: "Um..."
Fry says: "uh..."
Leela says: "And bring a baggy in case he drops a steamer."
Leela says: "Have a great night!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry walks down the empty street with Nibbler."
[Scene says: "Nibbler spies a lamppost and sniffs around it."
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "Please!"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Perfect!"
Fry puts the bag over his hand and tries to lift the dark matter but struggles. He hears a siren and sees a flashing red light. Smitty and URL approach him, the siren and light on URL's head. Smitty wafts the air.
Smitty says: "Whoa!"
Smitty says: "Smells like a 289 in progress."
URL says: "Failure to scoop."
URL says: "Aw, yeah!"
He prints off a ticket.
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "I'm trying."
Fry says: "It weighs as much as a thousand suns."
He struggles with it some more. URL hands him the ticket. Chaz's car pulls up beside them.
Chaz says: "Don't worry, Fry."
Chaz says: "I'll pull some strings -- see if I can't get you tried as a juvenile."
Leela says: "Oh, Chaz!"
She hugs him and they drive off. Fry sighs.
[Scene says: "Alley."
Fry says: "I'm as worthless as this trash can."
He kicks it over and sits down against a wall.
Trash Can says: "You think I'm as worthless as you?"
Trash Can says: "Try catching garbage in your head and raising six kids, you dumb townie!"
It rolls away. Garbage falls on Fry from a chute above him marked "Zoo Garbage".
Fry says: "Oh, Nibbler, at least I'm important to you."
Fry says: "Even if it's only 'cause I clean up you poop."
Nibbler says: "The poop eradication is but one aspect of your importance."
Fry nods then realises Nibbler has just spoken. He screams.
Fry says: "D-D-Did you just talk?"
Nibbler says: "Indeed."
Nibbler says: "And I have other amazing powers as well."
Fry says: "Like what?"
He punches Fry and knocks him unconscious.
Time Lapse. Nibbler pulls his spaceship out from its hideaway and drags Fry into it. He comes around.
Fry says: "Are you my mommy?"
Nibbler says: "Negative."
He closes the roof and takes off.
[Scene says: "Planet Eternium."
[Scene says: "Caption: "Inconceivable Dimensions Not Shown"."
[Scene says: "Nibbler lands his ship outside the Hall of Eternity."
[Scene says: "Hall of Eternity."
Fiona says: "Welcome, Lord Nibbler."
Nibbler says: "Welcome acknowledged."
Nibbler says: "I bring with me..."
Nibbler says: "the Mighty One."
Fry wipes his nose on his sleeve.
Fry says: "Eh?"
Ken says: "At last, our centuries upon centuries of waiting have achieved fruition."
Fry says: "Aw!"
Fry says: "Aren't you a fuzzy wittle guy?"
He tickles Ken and he purrs.
Ken says: "Stop that!"
Ken says: "Uh, please."
Fry says: "Mightiness?"
Fry says: "Are you off your nut?"
Fry says: "I just got kidnapped by a bunch of guinea pigs."
The Nibblonians gasp and chatter.
Ken says: "Does he not know?"
Nibbler says: "He does not know."
Fiona says: "He knows not?"
Nibbler says: "Knows not does he."
Ken says: "Enough!"
Ken says: "Fry, it is my duty to inform you that the fate of humanity, the fate of our race, indeed the fate of all that exists and ever will exist rests with you."
Ken says: "You are the single most important person in the universe."
Fry says: "Oh, snap!"
Time Lapse.
Nibbler says: "On this auspicious occasion, let the horn of eternity cut a thunderous blast."
A Nibblonian feebly blows the horn. The floor opens and animals on plates rise up in front of the Nibblonians.
Fiona says: "The Feast of a Thousand Beasts is begun."
They tuck in. Fry leaves his zebra.
Nibblonian says: "You gonna eat that?"
Fry says: "Maybe later."
The table descends back into the floor.
Time Lapse.
Ken says: "The time has come to discuss matters of the gravest importance."
He pushes a button and images of the Brain Spawn appear on a screen.
Nibbler says: "Fry, do you remember some months ago when the Earth was attacked by flying brains?"
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "I remember the square-dancing stomachs."
Fry says: "Although that might have been a Mylanta commercial."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "The brains!"
Fry says: "I do remember!"
Fry says: "But no one else does."
Fry says: "They said I was crazy."
Ken says: "On the contrary."
Ken says: "You remember because you were the only one immune to the Brains' mental attack."
Fry says: "Because I'm so smart?"
The Nibblonians laugh.
Ken says: "Oh, my."
Ken says: "Anyway, your immunity is due to the fact that you lack the delta brainwave."
Ken says: "It's a genetic abnormality which resulted when you went back in time and performed certain actions which made you your own grandfather."
Fry says: "I did do the nasty in the past-y!"
Nibbler says: "Verily."
Nibbler says: "And that past nastification is what shields you from the brains."
Nibbler says: "You are the last hope of the universe."
Fry says: "So I really am important?"
Fry says: "How I feel when I'm drunk is correct?"
Ken says: "Yes."
Ken says: "Except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock."
Fiona shakes her head.
[Scene says: "Nibblonian Spacecraft."
Nibbler says: "For a thousand years, the evil Brains have been constructing the Infosphere, a giant memory bank twice the size of three ordinary memory banks."
Fry says: "What's so evil about that?"
Fiona says: "They plan to collect all the information in the universe and store it in the sphere."
Fry says: "So they're trying to learn things?"
Fiona says: "Right."
Fry says: "Those bastards!"
Nibbler says: "Being Brains, they feel compelled to know everything."
Nibbler says: "And soon they will."
Fry says: "I'm as mad as I've ever been."
Ken says: "Once their task is complete, they will ensure that no new information arises in the only way possible: By destroying the universe."
Fry says: "Now it's personal."
Fiona says: "Your mission is to infiltrate the Infosphere and plant this quantum-interface bomb, blasting them into an alternate universe from which there is no return."
Nibbler says: "Then outrun the blast on this Scooty-Puff Jr."
He winds the key in the back of the Scooty-Puff Jr. Fiona attaches the bomb to Fry's spacesuit.
The Nibblonians open the airlock and Fry is blown out into space.
[Cut to says: "Outside Infosphere."
[Cut to says: "Fry screams and rides the Scooty-Puff Jr."
[Cut to says: "towards the Infosphere."
[Cut to says: "A swarm of Brains Spawn fly past him and one hits him on the head."
[Cut to says: "He screams again."
Fry says: "Brains!"
Ken appears on Fry's arm communicator.
Ken says: "Fear not, Mighty One."
Ken says: "Your missing brainwave makes you invisible to them, so long as you avoid intense thinking."
Fry says: "Sorry, what?"
Fry says: "I wasn't paying attention."
Ken says: "That is most wise."
Fry says: "Who?"
Ken says: "In a few seconds, the Brain will finish scanning the last bits of information in the universe."
Brains float past a data port and it scans their information.
Infosphere says: "Beavers mate for life; 11 greater than 4; for quality carpets, visit Kaplan's carpet warehouse."
The scanning ends.
Ken says: "Now the Infosphere will open its protective crust so as to scan itself, completing its thousand year task."
The Infosphere opens and a scanner comes out. It slowly rotates around the Infosphere, scanning as it goes and making a noise like a modem.
Fiona says: "This is your one chance to enter the sphere."
Fiona says: "Scoot!"
Fiona says: "Scoot now!"
Fry scoots through the Infosphere crust.
[Cut to says: "Infosphere."
[Cut to says: "The place is swarming with Brains and in the centre of the sphere is a huge master Brain."
[Cut to says: "Fry scoots towards it and crashes into it."
[Cut to says: "He spits then clips a strap to the Scooty-Puff Jr."
[Cut to says: "and puts it over his shoulder."
[Cut to says: "He climbs to the top where there is a computer console."
Fry says: "I'm at the input console."
Fry says: "I'm a little nervous and I've got brain in my buttcrack."
Nibbler says: "Roger."
Fry attaches the bomb to the console.
Ken says: "Once you press the detonator, you will have 60 seconds for an exciting escape."
Fry is about to push the button but hesitates.
Fry says: "Hey, wait."
Fry says: "This brain knows everything about everything, right?"
Ken says: "It will soon."
Ken says: "That's why you're supposed to be setting off a bomb."
Fry says: "Yeah, yeah."
Fry says: "But I can't pass up a chance to learn the answers to the greatest questions of all time."
Huge Brain says: "Correct."
Huge Brain says: "Toad mucus."
On the console screen is a video clip of a postman squeezing a toad so mucus drips into a bucket.
Ken says: "There's no time for this."
Ken says: "Activate the bomb."
Fry says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Fry says: "What really killed the dinosaurs?"
Huge Brain says: "Me!"
On the screen is a video clip of the Brain flying over the dinosaurs and killing them. "Unauthorized Data Access" appears on the screen.
Computer Voice says: "Unauthorized data access."
An alarm goes off and Brains surround Fry. He screams and winds his Scooty-Puff Jr. but it falls apart in his hands.
Fry says: "Uh-oh!"
Big Brain says: "Detecting trace amounts of mental activity."
Big Brain says: "Possibly a dead weasel or a cartoon viewer."
The Brains zap Fry.
Fry says: "Ew!"
Fry says: "Gross."
Fry says: "Cut it out!"
Brain #1 says: "Odd."
Brain #1 says: "He is immune to our psionic attack."
Brain #2 says: "Impossible!"
Brain #2 says: "We're an ambitious young squad with everything to prove."
Big Brain says: "It appears we are in the presence of the fabled one."
Big Brain says: "But without his Scooty-Puff Jr."
Big Brain says: ", he cannot escape."
Big Brain says: "Huh?"
Brain #2 says: "A quantum-interface bomb?"
Brain #2 says: "Are you insane in the membrane?"
Fry says: "You got it, poindexter!"
He presses the detonator and electricity begins to engulf the Huge Brain.
Brain #1 says: "Oh, not good!"
Computer Voice says: "Detonation in T-60 Earth seconds."
Brain #3 says: "You fool!"
Brain #3 says: "You'll be transported to the other universe with us."
Brain #3 says: "Trapped there for all eternity."
Brain #1 says: "And we'll form a tightly-knit clique that you won't be part of!"
Fry says: "Well at least I did one important thing with my life: Leading good to victory over evil!"
The Nibblonians cheer.
Nibbler says: "Yay!"
Ken says: "Exactly!"
Big Brain says: "The Nibblonians?"
Big Brain says: "Good?"
Big Brain says: "Ha!"
Big Brain says: "During your last moments in this universe perhaps you should query our database concerning the night of December 31st, 1999."
Fry says: "The day I got frozen?"
Fry says: "What about it?"
Nibbler says: "No!"
Nibbler says: "Don't ask about that!"
Nibbler says: "It-It would be, uh..."
Nibbler says: "boring!"
Fry says: "Ah, forget it then."
Big Brain says: "Query!"
Fry says: "OK!"
Fry says: "Sheesh!"
Fry says: "What happened to me, Philip J."
Fry says: "Fry, on the night of December 31st, 1999?"
Huge Brain says: "Clarification request: Are you the Philip J."
Huge Brain says: "Fry from Earth or the Philip J."
Huge Brain says: "Fry from Hovering Squidworld 97A?"
Big Brain says: "Earth, you fat idiot!"
Big Brain says: "Hurry up!"
On the console screen, Fry walks into the cryogenics lab.
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "Icy Wiener?"
Fry says: "Aw, crud!"
Fry says: "Eurgh!"
Fry says: "I can't believe how fat I look!"
Fry says: "Aw, Nibbler's there."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "What?"
On the screen, Nibbler blows Fry's tilting chair. Fry loses his balance and the chair tips back. He rolls back into the cryo-freezer.
He panics and tube freezes him.
Fry says: "I-- I don't understand."
Fry says: "You made me go in the freezer tube?"
Computer Voice says: "Detonation in T-15 seconds."
Fry says: "You little runts froze me!"
Fry says: "You took away my life!"
Nibbler says: "We can explain!"
Fry says: "No, you can't."
Fry says: "Shut your adorable trap!"
Nibbler says: "We had no choice."
Nibbler says: "You were the only one who could help us."
Nibbler says: "What is one life weighed against the entire universe?"
Fry says: "But it was my life."
Computer Voice says: "Detonation in two, one."
Computer Voice says: "Will the owner of a white Pontiac Firebird-- Oh, never mind."
Computer Voice says: "Zero!"
[Scene says: "Outside Infosphere."
[Scene says: "The bomb explodes and the Infosphere is sucked into the alternate universe."
[Scene says: "Infosphere."
[Scene says: "It reappears in the alternate universe."
Big Brain says: "Well, here we are."
Big Brain says: "Trapped for eternity."
Brain #2 says: "We could sing American Pie."
Fry says: "Go ahead."
Fry says: "I deserve it."
Fry says: "I wish those stupid racoons had never brought me to the future."
Huge Brain says: "I have shocking data relevant to this conversation."
Big Brain says: "We don't care, you dope!"
Big Brain says: "We're in another universe."
Big Brain says: "You're not in charge anymore."
Huge Brain says: "It is possible for the Philip Fry to resume his life on December 31st, 1999."
Fry says: "Really?"
Fry says: "I can go back in time?"
An image appears on the console.
Huge Brain says: "There is a nexus point between universes at the space-time where you entered the cryogenic tube."
Huge Brain says: "You and only you can return there."
Big Brain says: "Interesting."
Big Brain says: "You could stop the Nibblonian from pushing you into the cryogenic tube."
Fry says: "That is interesting."
Fry says: "Why?"
Big Brain says: "It would be as if you never came to the future."
Big Brain says: "You will have your life back and we will succeed in our plan to understand and destroy the universe."
Fry says: "Everybody wins!"
Brain #2 says: "The human will be returned to the past!"
[Scene says: "Outside Rocket Skating Rink."
Narrator says: "Meanwhile."
Leela says: "I love rocket skating!"
Leela says: "But the wait is always so long."
Leela says: "Poor Fry once stood in line for six hours just to get me a ticket."
Chaz says: "Six hours?"
Chaz says: "Pft!"
Chaz says: "Sounds like a real nobody!"
Chaz says: "But now it's time for somebody and some chick he's with to go skating."
He shows Leela a "Closed For Private Function" sign. She gasps.
[Cut to says: "Rocket Skating Rink."
Leela says: "You reserved the whole rink?"
Chaz says: "Yup."
Chaz says: "Buzzed ahead, let 'em know whose aide was coming by."
Chaz says: "The mayor's, that's whose."
Leela says: "Oh, Chaz!"
She kisses him.
Time Lapse. Leela and Chaz skate around the rink. The kids from the Cookieville Orphanarium look on sadly.
Sally says: "Mr."
Sally says: "Vogel, I thought we was going skating."
Vogel says: "No, we're not important enough."
Vogel says: "Everybody just hold hands until the bus driver comes back from his haircut."
Leela sees the orphans.
Leela says: "Aw, let's let those kids skate with us."
Chaz says: "What?"
Chaz says: "Seriously?"
Chaz says: "I'm trying to impress you with my clout here."
Leela says: "I know, and it's working."
Leela says: "But think how much skating would mean to those kids."
Nina says: "We came here instead of eating today."
Leela says: "This may be their only chance to skate in their whole lives."
Leela says: "Who are we to say they can't?"
Chaz says: "The mayor's aide, and his badge."
Chaz says: "Beat it, kids!"
Chaz says: "Come back when you got connections!"
The kids look away sadly.
Vogel says: "Alright, little ones, back to the orphanarium."
Vogel says: "You can slide around the gym in your socks."
Sally says: "What socks?"
Chaz says: "So am I gonna get lucky tonight or what?"
Leela snatches his badge away from him and stuffs it in his mouth.
[Scene says: "Infosphere."
[Scene says: "The Huge Brain types something into to the console."
[Scene says: "It holds Fry in place."
Fry says: "I hope your calculations are correct."
Big Brain says: "Our calculations are always correct."
Big Brain says: "For we are gigantic brains."
Brain #2 says: "Initiate space-time transfer."
The Huge Brain throws a switch and the console zaps Fry and makes him go wobbly. He disappears.
[Scene says: "New York Street."
[Scene says: "In a telephone box, Nibbler makes a phone call."
Nibbler says: "I hereby place an order for one cheese pizza."
Panucci says: "One pie, nothing good on it."
Panucci says: "Name?"
Nibbler says: "I-period-C-period-Wiener."
Panucci says: "Uh, talk a little louder."
Panucci says: "It sounds like you got some kind of tiny head on you or something."
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
[Scene says: "Nibbler paces around under the desk."
[Scene says: "Fry walks in through the door with the pizza."
Fry says: "Hello?"
Fry says: "Pizza delivery for, uh..."
Fry says: "Icy Wiener?"
Fry says: "Aw, crud!"
Fry from the future appears behind Nibbler and grabs him.
Fry says: "Gotcha!"
Nibbler squeals.
Nibbler says: "I don't understand."
Fry says: "Yes, you do!"
Fry says: "You came back in time to knock me into that freezer and now I came back in time to stop you."
Nibbler says: "I did not come back in time."
Nibbler says: "My people lack that ability."
Fry says: "But..."
Fry says: "I know you in the future."
Fry says: "I-I cleaned your poop."
Nibbler says: "Quite possible."
Nibbler says: "We live long and are celebrated poopers."
Nibbler says: "You will meet me when I'm a thousand years older."
Fry says: "Not if you don't freeze me."
His past self sits down on the chair and puts his feet up on the desk.
Nibbler says: "Please."
Nibbler says: "Our saviours foresee that in a thousand years, for one moment, the fate of the universe will depend on you."
Nibbler says: "Since you will not live that long I must freeze you now."
Fry says: "Well, why couldn't you just ask me?"
Nibbler says: "We were afraid you would refuse."
Fry says: "Of course not."
Fry says: "I love the future."
Nibbler says: "Then why are you choking me right now?"
Fry says: "Because I don't like being used."
Nibbler says: "Well now it's your choice."
Nibbler says: "Is there nothing in the future worth saving?"
Fry says: "Hm."
Fry says: "Leela."
Fry says: "But she doesn't think much of me."
Nibbler says: "Ah, she must be The Other."
Fry says: "What?"
The chair starts to tip back and Fry holds the leg.
Nibbler says: "You must not give up on her."
Nibbler says: "I am stationed on a distant world known as Vergon 6."
Nibbler says: "But, if you return to the future, I will transfer to Earth to give you what help I can."
Outside, the countdown to the millennium begins.
Crowd says: "Ten, nine, eight, seven..."
Fry says: "You really think I would have had a chance with Leela?"
Nibbler says: "You must choose: The present or the future?"
Nibbler says: "To save yourself or to save Leela."
Crowd says: "One."
Past Fry leans back on his chair and blows his noise maker. Future Fry blows the chair and Past Fry tumbles back into the cryo-tube which freezes him.
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "Here I come, future!"
Fry says: "Oh, no!"
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "I'm gonna get trapped in the Infosphere again!"
Fry says: "Just remember that Scooty-Puff Jr."
Fry says: "sucks."
He fades away.
Nibbler says: "In a thousand years, I'll get right on it."
[Scene says: "Outside Infosphere."
[Scene says: "The bomb explodes and the Infosphere is sucked into the alternate universe."
Narrator says: "And so, a thousand years later, Fry once again infiltrated the Infosphere and set off his amazing bomb."
Narrator says: "Only this time..."
Fry speeds away from the Infosphere on his huge Scooty-Puff Sr.
[Scene says: "Alley."
[Scene says: "Nibbler's ship lands and Fry and Nibbler climb out."
Nibbler says: "Thank you for saving the universe, Fry."
Nibbler says: "Here."
Fry says: "Whoa, thanks!"
Fry says: "If you ever need a saviour again, just ask."
Nibbler says: "Oh, we will."
Nibbler says: "We will."
He shuts his ship away and puts his leash on.
Fry says: "Man, I can't wait to tell everyone what happened."
Nibbler says: "Uh, yes."
Nibbler says: "Incidentally, I need to remain undercover so I'm blanking your memory."
His third eye flashes like the memory-eraser in Men In Black and Fry looks dazed.
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "Did everything just taste purple for a second?"
Fry says: "Oh, well."
Fry says: "Let's go home, you dumb poop machine."
Nibbler chatters.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela holds up a photo of her and Chaz."
Leela says: "Bender, would you do the honours?"
Bender says: "With gusto."
He burps and scorches a hole in the photo. Leela looks at it, satisfied. Chaz's head has been burnt away. The door opens and Fry's face appears in the hole.
Fry says: "Hey, Leela."
Fry says: "I guess I got this for you."
He hands her the flower.
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "Thank you."
Leela says: "You know what, Fry?"
Leela says: "I don't care if you're not the most important person in the universe."
Leela says: "It really makes me happy to see you right now."
Fry says: "Then I am the most important person in the universe."
She kisses him.
Closing Credits.