[Opening Credits says: "100."
[Scene says: "Planet Express, meeting room."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "We've been hired to make our 100th delivery."
The crew cheers.
Zoidberg says: "100!"
Hermes says: "That's almost 10 per year."
Bender says: "This calls for a party, baby."
Bender says: "I'm ordering a hundred kegs, a hundred hookers, and a hundred Elvis impersonators who aren't above a little hooking, should the occasion arise!"
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Today's specials, Fish N' Chimps."
Elzar says: "Be very gentle, folks."
Elzar says: "This is the soufflé you'll be delivering to Mrs."
Elzar says: "Astor."
Bender says: "Oh my God, it's Elzar!"
Bender says: "Hi, Elzar!"
Bender says: "Great soufflé, Elzar!"
Elzar says: "Whatever you do, don't drop it."
Elzar says: "Bam."
The crew gasps.
Farnsworth says: "To prevent the soufflé from exploding, Bender will carry it."
Farnsworth says: "He's gyroscopically stable."
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The ship is swerving through an asteroid belt."
[Scene says: "It is banking in every direction, with Bender moving with it to avoid damaging the soufflé."
[Scene says: "The ship gets free of the belt and clips a sign that says "Waldorf Asteroid"."
[Scene says: "The ship to a rough landing, with the crew falling down the stairs, Bender still holding the soufflé upright."
Farnsworth says: "Look, Mrs."
Farnsworth says: "Astor's mansion, just across that rickety rope bridge."
Amy says: "Wow, it's ricketier than it looks."
Amy says: "You'd better try to jump it, Bender."
Bender says: "Okay, let me back up for a running start."
Hobsy says: "I shall inform Mrs."
Hobsy says: "Astor that the circus is in town."
[Cut to says: "Mrs."
[Cut to says: "Astor's parlor."
Hobsy says: "Your soufflé, Madam."
Mrs. Astor says: "I shall take it here, under my fork."
Bender uses his extensomatic arms to deliver the soufflé. He withdraws into his chest and the rest of the crew hides behind him. Mrs. Astor eats a bite.
Zoidberg says: "Where's the exploding?"
Hobsy says: "One does not explode in Mrs."
Hobsy says: "Astor's face."
Mrs. Astor says: "I couldn't eat another bite."
Mrs. Astor says: "Hobsy?"
He places the leftovers into a room full of Dalmatians. An explosion is heard. Mrs. Astor walks up to the Professor.
Mrs. Astor says: "Well done, sir."
Mrs. Astor says: "Have you a name?"
Farnsworth says: "Hubert Farnsworth, at your service."
Mrs. Astor says: "A Farnsworth, you say?"
Mrs. Astor says: "Well, if I'm not mistaken, the Farnsworths have been in New New York for almost two hundred years."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, I have."
Fry says: "And I'm his uncle!"
Mrs. Astor says: "How charmingly unconventional."
Fry says: "I can eat a hotdog underwater."
Mrs. Astor says: "Say, would you Farnsworths care to be my guests tomorrow at the Astor Endowment Fundraiser?"
Mrs. Astor says: "All the best families will be there."
Fry says: "We can take 'em."
[Scene says: "New New York Historical Society."
[Scene says: "Annual Astor Endowment Fundraiser."
[Scene says: "No top hat, no monocle, no service."
Inside, The Professor, Fry and Leela are seated at a table. Mayor Poopenmeyer, Royalty girl, Calculon and Judge Whitey are also there.
Mrs. Astor says: "2000 souls were lost that day, including my dear husband."
Mrs. Astor says: "In loving memory, I established the Mr."
Mrs. Astor says: "Astor Endowment, which this year supports the United Mutant Scholarship Fund."
Fry says: "Mutants?"
Fry says: "That's the kind of thing you are."
Leela says: "Shh."
Leela says: "You know mutants aren't allowed on the surface."
Leela says: "If anyone asks, say I'm an alien, remember?"
Fry says: "Right."
Fry says: "You gonna finish that roll?"
Leela says: "Shh."
Mrs. Astor says: "Now a short film about those pitiable creatures so in need of our charity."
Narrator says: "Far beneath the everyday rumble of limousines and poodle feet, there toil a downtrodden people even less well off than the upper middle class."
Leela says: "Shut up!"
Narrator says: "These industrious, uh, people, I guess, maintain the various pipes and poop chutes that keep decent, above-ground society functioning."
Narrator says: "And where do these proud toileteers learn their menial skills?"
Narrator says: "At Brown University, the nation's premier institution of lower learning."
Narrator says: "So please, give generously, knowing some poor helpless mutant will thank you."
Narrator says: "Not in person, thank God!"
Leela says: "Well, that was disturbing."
Mrs. Astor says: "Oh, I understand, dear."
Mrs. Astor says: "They are hideous."
Leela says: "Look, I guess you mean well, but isn't that university just a tax-deductible sewer-cleaning service?"
Mrs. Astor says: "My dear, that school is about much more than sewer pipes."
Leela says: "Really?"
Mrs. Astor says: "It's also about keeping those filthy things busy."
Mrs. Astor says: "There are thousands of them down there, breeding like rats."
Royalty girl says: "My great uncle once saw a rat."
Mrs. Astor says: "If we don't keep them busy, they'll start jabbering on about equal rights in their ill-bred manner."
Leela says: "Let's go."
Leela says: "If I say one more thing, I might say it with my evening boot."
Mrs. Astor says: "Well!"
Mrs. Astor says: "Rarely have I never!"
Leela walks away.
Fry says: "Please, don't blame Leela."
Fry says: "She's just a little ill-bred."
Fry says: "You know how mutants are."
Everyone gasps. Leela stops abruptly.
Mrs. Astor says: "You companion is a mutant?"
Fry says: "But if anyone asks, say she's an alien."
Mrs. Astor says: "Help!"
Mrs. Astor says: "Police!"
Leela is handcuffed by Smitty and URL.
URL says: "You may have eluded the authorities, but don't nothing get past Mrs."
URL says: "Astor."
Leela says: "What's gonna happen to me?"
Smitty says: "Permanent deportation, you mutant."
URL says: "You going downtown, baby."
URL says: "Way down."
[Scene says: "NNY Sewers."
[Scene says: "Leela is falling and screaming."
Raoul says: "Incoming!"
A frog-like mutant grabs Leela with his tongue.
Leela says: "Thanks, Colonel."
Colonel says: "Just doing my job, ma'am."
Leela walks to her parents' house and rings the doorbell. Time Lapse. Leela is sitting on the couch.
Leela says: "Oh, Mom, Dad, I can't believe I have to spend the rest of my life in this hellhole."
Leela says: "I'm sorry."
Turanga Munda says: "It's okay, sweetie."
Turanga Munda says: "Now that you're here, this hellhole feels more like a nice, regular hole."
Turanga Morris says: "What do ya say we go get some sewer coffee, sewer cake, and Safeway ice cream?"
[Scene says: "The rest of the crew are in the hangar."
[Scene says: "The decorations are up but no one is partying."
Bender says: "Whoo!"
Fry says: "Poor, Leela."
Fry says: "I feel like I ruined her life."
Hermes says: "You did ruin her life."
Fry says: "You might be right, Hermes."
Hermes says: "I am right."
Fry says: "I almost feel like we should do something to help her."
Hermes says: "We should do something!"
Fry says: "I don't care what you say, Hermes."
Fry says: "Let's go."
[Scene says: "Citihall."
[Scene says: "The crew, minus Leela and Bender, are in Mayor Poopenmeyer's office."
Fry says: "Oh, mighty mayor."
Fry says: "We're here about Turanga Leela."
Poopenmeyer says: "You mean Leela?"
Fry says: "Right."
Fry says: "I mean sure, she's a mutant, we've known that for years."
Fry says: "But we kept it a secret because she's a fine, upstanding..."
Poopenmeyer says: "Wait."
Poopenmeyer says: "You knowingly attempted to harbor a mutant?"
Hermes says: "We did harbor a mutant!"
Hermes says: "Uh-oh."
[Scene says: "NNY Sewers."
Munda says: "Look, Leela, there's Old Filthful."
Leela says: "Urgh!"
Morris says: "And there's the West Side Pipeway."
Morris says: "Hey, guys!"
Morris says: "This is my daughter, Leela."
The workers give overlapping greetings seconds before being blasted away by sewage and sent downsteam.
Morris says: "Well, they're with the chuds, now."
Leela says: "These conditions are deplorable."
Leela says: "I swear, I hate every single person on the surface for making us live like this."
The crew hit the ground near her.
Fry says: "Leela!"
Leela says: "What are you doing here?"
Amy says: "We were sentence to two weeks in the sewer for harboring a mutant."
Zoidberg floats down while holding an umbrella.
Zoidberg says: "Three dollars at the drug store."
Fry says: "I'm so sorry I ratted you out, but, you know, after two weeks down here, I'll truly understand the plight of the mutant people."
Leela says: "How dare you?"
Leela says: "You wanna understand something?"
Leela says: "Look at that lake."
Leela says: "One dip in that toxic muck and your DNA will be permanently mutated."
Leela says: "You'll grow a camel hump or a Zoidberg face."
Zoidberg says: "Urgh!"
Leela says: "You wanna know what it's like to be a mutant?"
Leela says: "Jump in and go for a swim."
Fry says: "I would, but I ate a bunch of potato salad, so..."
Leela says: "Yeah, that's what I thought."
Leela says: "You are all surface."
[Scene says: "Planet Express, Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender is getting ready for the party."
[Scene says: "He drinks some punch then adds Michael Collins Mix to it."
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "Hermes!"
Bender says: "Where my humans are?"
Bender says: "Ah, who cares?"
Bender says: "It is on."
He goes to the door and lets in the guests.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "Hey, hey, hey."
Hedonism Bot says: "I trust the orgy pit has been scraped and buttered?"
Bender says: "You know it, and there's mini-quiches, too."
[Scene says: "NNY Sewers."
[Scene says: "The crew are walking through the sewers."
Hermes says: "It's getting cold and smelly."
Zoidberg says: "Maybe we can plotz in that giant cockle."
Amy says: "Shmeepers, it's the Land Titanic, the biggest and onlyest land boat ever constructed..."
They start investigating inside.
Hermes says: "This was one hell of a bus."
The crew walks into a room, skeletons are still in their beds.
Zoidberg says: "Well, everyone debone a bunk and get some shut-eye."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, show some respect!"
Farnsworth says: "This is a sacred shrine to the thousands who lost their lives."
Amy says: "Hey, I found a safe!"
Cut to the Professor attempted to break the lock with a skull. The skull shatters.
Farnsworth says: "It's coming loose."
Farnsworth says: "Hand me some more of that cruise director."
Hermes says: "Spreadsheets were so elegant back then."
Farnsworth says: "Just one other item."
Amy says: "It's jewelry."
Amy says: "Jewelry!"
Amy says: "It's jewelry, people!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a priceless quantum-force gemerald."
Zoidberg says: "What's that enscribbled on it?"
Hermes says: ""My dear Mrs."
Hermes says: "Astor."
Hermes says: "My love for you is as unsinkable as this land ship and as brilliant as this stone."
Hermes says: "Dictated but not read, Mr."
Hermes says: "Astor."
Amy says: "Aw!"
Amy says: "That's so valuable."
Fry says: "Yeah, I'll never have love like that."
Fry says: "Leela hates me now."
[Scene says: "Turanga House."
[Scene says: "The family is eating dinner."
Munda says: "What's a matter, Leela?"
Munda says: "You've hardly touched your toilet clams."
Leela says: "Maybe I was too harsh on Fry."
Leela says: "He didn't ruin my life on purpose."
Morris says: "Things will work out, honey."
Morris says: "Now here, have some more of what looks like lemonade."
[Scene says: "Planet Express."
[Scene says: "More party-goers are arriving."
[Scene says: "People are dancing inside."
[Scene says: "In the hangar, Bender is dancing to The Boogie that Be with Lrrr, Hattie and Bubblegum."
Bubblegum says: "Bender, I've been to wang dang doodles all up and down the galaxy, but this is the dangest wang I ever doodled."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bender says: "Come on baby, let's do it."
Bender says: "Get out!"
Bender says: "Get out!"
Bender says: "It's not fun anymore!"
Bender says: "I wanna be alone!"
<poem>Hedonism Bot says: "Alone with me?"
Bender says: "I said scram, grapey!"
[Scene says: "Land Titanic."
[Scene says: "Fry is the only one still awake."
[Scene says: "He gets up and walks out of the bus."
Leela says: "Fry?"
Leela says: "What are you doing."
Fry says: "You were right."
Fry says: "I don't know what it's like to be a mutant."
Fry says: "But I want to know."
Leela says: "Wait, I never meant for you to..."
Fry says: "Any effect?"
Leela says: "Sorry."
Leela says: "I tried to scream but I barfed."
As Leela rows them to shore, Fry sees his reflection in Leela' eye. He screams.
Fry says: "I think I'm knowing what it's like to be a mutant."
The boat gets to shore and the rest of the crew walks to the dock.
Zoidberg says: "So, what's with all the screaming?"
Fry says: "Hey, guys."
His coworkers all scream then bend over and vomit.
Leela says: "Fry, this is the stupidest, sweetest thing you've ever done."
Leela says: "And you know, maybe now, together, we can be an inspiration to other mutants."
Fry says: "I hope so, Leela."
Leela says: "Aw."
Leela says: "Come here."
Leela says: "Let me give you a kiss."
Leela says: "I'll text ya."
[Scene says: "Fry is addressing the "Concert for Mutant Rights" at Brown University."
Fry says: "My fellow mutants, until recently, I dwelt on the surface where a man can gaze up at the sky in wonder without a wet clump falling in his mouth."
Leela says: "Who's ready to fight for equality?"
Leela says: "The Devolution Revolution has begun!"
Leela says: "Beautiful mutants, please welcome Devo!"
The band walks on stage.
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "Hello, Sewer City."
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "As long-time mutants ourselves, we support your righteous struggle and will do anything we can for you."
<poem>Dwayne says: "Play "Whip It"!"
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "No."
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "Play the other one."
Devo begins playing Beautiful World.
[New New York Post headline says: ""The Mutants are Revolting!"
[New New York Post headline says: "" Underneath: "Both Kinds of Revolting"."
Montage. Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh starts singing. Mutants can be seen working on pipes. A hose is connected to another pipe. Cut to Petunia doing laundry. She is blasted away by water coming from her dryer. Cut to firemen putting out an apartment fire. The hydrant is replaced by a gas pump. The flames grow. Cut to Royalty Girl and Mayor Poopenmeyer. She walks over a grate and her dress billows up. She is then sent flying by sewage shooting from the grate. In the sewers, the Professor puts the gemerald on a plunger and fires up a pipe. Above ground, Larry, Walt and Igner are sitting on toilet seats. They are forced into the air by sewage. In the streets, signs are being poked through the manholes. Mrs. Astor has Hobsy drop another soufflé down the manhole. Explosion occur as the montage ends.
Leela says: "Now that we got their attention, it's time to hit them where they sit, by bending the West Side Pipeway to return all sewage to the surface."
The mutants cheer.
Fry says: "But who could possibly bend such a huge pipe?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express, hangar."
Bender says: "So lonely."
Bender says: "Poor, sad Bender."
Fry pushes himself out of the vent nearby.
Fry says: "Hey, buddy."
[Scene says: "Sewers."
[Scene says: "Bender is trying to bend the pipes."
Mutants says: "Bend it!"
Mutants says: "Bend it!"
Mutants says: "Bend it!"
Bender lifts the pipes up and covers the crowd with sewage. He bends the pipes together and the crowd cheers again.
Fry says: "What goes down, must back up!"
On the surface, sewage starts to flood the streets.
Sal says: "Yucks."
Sal says: "I picked the wrong day to wear my new Crocses."
Back in the sewer, Leela addresses the crowd.
Leela says: "Prepare to storm the surface for the Million Mutant March."
Colonel says: "Move out, Fry."
Colonel says: "We need out most disgusting mutant leading the charge."
Fry says: "I'll meet you up there."
Fry says: "I need to check out something first."
Colonel says: "Okay."
Colonel says: "Vyolet, you're up front."
Vyolet says: "Hey!"
Mrs. Astor says: "Mayor, this sewage debacle has gone on long enough."
Mrs. Astor says: "As your largest campaign contributor, I demand action!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Very well."
Poopenmeyer says: "$80 worth of action it is."
Cut to a man in a HAZMAT suit sucking up the sewage.
Poopenmeyer says: "Voilà!"
Poopenmeyer says: "We simply pump the fruits of our excretion into Madison Cube Garden."
The building, which was advertising a boat show, is almost full.
Mrs. Astor says: "Well, it seems everything is under..."
Vyolet says: "Two!"
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "Four!"
Colonel says: "Six eyes!"
Mutants says: "The mutant people will arise."
Leela says: "The segregation of the mutant people ends today."
Leela says: "We demand equal rights, equal access to the surface, and the blood of your first-born children."
Leela says: "That so we have something to give up at the negotiations."
Mrs. Astor says: "I've never been so moved, and I see no reason to begin now."
Mrs. Astor says: "Hobsy, flush those creatures back into the hole they crawled out of."
Hobsy says: "Madam's sewage seeking missile."
The protesters duck and the missile hits Madison Cube Garden. The collected sewage rushes towards Citihall. Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh opens an umbrella.
Fry says: "Let my people stay!"
Fry says: "[He shoots a beam of energy at the wave of sewage, parting it."
Bender says: "Neat!"
Fry says: "Mrs."
Fry says: "Astor, deep in the sewers, we discovered the wreck of the Land Titanic, on which your husband land-drowned."
Fry says: "Inside was something that might interest you."
Mrs. Astor says: "The gemerald ring that my husband was to give me in lieu of children."
Mrs. Astor says: "So what, I have a chandelier in my car made of those."
Fry says: "Not the gem."
Fry says: "This passenger manifest."
Fry says: "It turns out there were mutants on that ship, working below deck in the sewage galley."
Leela helps a mutant out of the manhole. Ma'am?
Leela's grandmother says: "I was just a young girl."
Leela's grandmother says: "Thanks to your husband's humanity, I lived to raise my own daughter, and she, a daughter in turn."
Leela says: "Mom, why have I never heard this?"
Munda says: "My mother's nuts."
Fry says: "I beg you, Mrs."
Fry says: "Astor, if you truly want to honor your husband's memory, treat these people with dignity, as he did."
Mrs. Astor says: "Oh, he was a dear man, Mr."
Mrs. Astor says: "Astor."
Mrs. Astor says: "Randall, let's grant these mutants their freedom."
Poopenmeyer says: "Okay."
The mutants cheer.
Dwayne says: "Are we not men now?"
Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh says: "I'm forty percent potato, but close enough."
Leela says: "Thank you, Fry."
Leela says: "I think maybe I can stomach that kiss now."
They kiss. Fry's body shakes and the blob peels off of him, leaving a normal human. The blob reforms.
Fry says: "What the..."
Fry says: "?"
Mr. Astor says: "Good afternoon."
Mr. Astor says: "I am Mr."
Mr. Astor says: "Astor."
Mr. Astor says: "I did not perish that fateful day, but rather plummeted into the toxic lake, where I mutated and lived in solitude until this ruddy lad here stepped into my mouth and lodged there."
Mrs. Astor says: "Mister?"
Mrs. Astor says: "Is that really you?"
Zoidberg says: "Horray!"
Zoidberg says: "A happy ending for the rich people!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express, hangar."
Leela says: "Mom, Dad, Grandma, this is where I work."
Munda says: "Oh!"
Munda says: "Was there a fire?"
Amy says: "So, Bender, how was the party?"
Bender says: "Only the greatest party ever!"
Bender says: "I don't need to have another party in my whole life."
Bender says: "I am partied out!"
Fry says: "Dang!"
Fry says: "Sorry we missed it!"
Bender says: "We could have another one, if it would make you guys feel better."
Fry says: "Really?"
Fry says: "No, that's not necessary."
Bender says: "Hit it, Bender!"
Everyone starts dancing as the music plays.
Closing Credits.