[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Broadcast Simultaneously One Year In The Future."
Doctor says: "Push, Mrs."
Doctor says: "Fry."
Doctor says: "You're almost there."
Mr. Fry says: "You can do it, honey!"
Mr. Fry says: "Squeeze one out for America."
He goes back to reading his magazine.
Mrs. Fry says: "Hey, keep it down!"
Mrs. Fry says: "It's the 9th inning."
She holds a portable radio to her ear.
Commentator says: "Here's the 02 pitch to Craypool."
Commentator says: "He's taking all the way for a called strike three!"
Mrs. Fry says: "Swing the bat, you bum!"
The doctor lifts up a baby and it cries.
Doctor says: "It's a boy."
Doctor says: "And look at that red hair!"
Mr. Fry says: "You sayin' my son's a commie?"
Commentator says: "And Grote leans into the pitch."
Commentator says: "It hits him!"
Commentator says: "The Mets win!"
Mrs. Fry cheers.
Mrs. Fry says: "This is the happiest day of my life!"
The doctor puts the baby on her lap.
Doctor says: "Here's your baby, ma'am."
Mrs. Fry says: "Yeah, OK, thanks."
Mr. Fry says: "So, what should we name him?"
Mrs. Fry says: "Uh, you pick."
Mrs. Fry says: "I picked dinner last night."
Mr. Fry says: "Well, I was thinking of Philip."
Mr. Fry says: "After those screwdrivers?"
Mrs. Fry says: "That's a fantastic idea."
Mrs. Fry says: "More morphine, please."
[Scene says: "Hospital Nursery."
[Scene says: "Mr."
[Scene says: "Fry puts Philip in a bed and introduces his brother to him."
Mr. Fry says: "Look, Yancy, it's your baby brother, Philip."
Yancy says: "I wanna be named Philip!"
Yancy says: "Me Philip!"
Yancy says: "Me Philip!"
Mr. Fry says: "Son, your name is Yancy, just like me and my grandfather and so on."
Mr. Fry says: "All the way back to minuteman Yancy Fry, who blasted commies in the American Revolution."
Mr. Fry says: "Philip, until I find a suitable model of an ICBM, you'll have to make do learnin' to fear this toy spacecraft."
He turns the mobile on and leaves. Philip laughs as the mobile turns around. Yancy snatches away the rocket.
Yancy says: "Mine!"
Yancy says: "Mine!"
Philip cries. Yancy throws the rocket through the open window.
[Scene says: "Flushing Downs Grandstand."
[Scene says: "The horse race starts and the staff stand up and cheer."
Fry says: "C'mon!"
Hermes says: "Baby needs a new pair of shoes!"
Zoidberg says: "To hell with your spoiled baby!"
Zoidberg says: "I need those shoes!"
The horses cross the finish line.
Announcer says: "..."
Announcer says: "number 3, in a quantum finish."
Farnsworth says: "No fair!"
Farnsworth says: "You changed the outcome by measuring it."
He tears up his slip. Fry looks through some binoculars.
Leela says: "How'd you do, Fry?"
Fry says: "I'll tell you when my horse finishes..."
Fry says: "bad."
[Cut to says: "Flushing Downs Luxury Box."
[Cut to says: "Mr."
[Cut to says: "and Mrs."
[Cut to says: "Wong and Amy stand talking in the box while a classy orchestra plays for them."
Mr. Wong says: "In today's field we own four horses and two jockeys."
Mrs. Wong says: "We just put our best jockey out to stud, Amy."
Mrs. Wong says: "He's perfect for you!"
The tiny jockey strolls up behind Amy.
Jockey says: "Hey, baby!"
Jockey says: "Ever do it in a suitcase?"
[Cut to says: "Flushing Downs Grandstand."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "It's the Centaur race."
The bell rings and the Centaurs run around the track, horsewhipping themselves as they go. Fry crosses his fingers.
Fry says: "Come on!"
Fry says: "Come on!"
Fry says: "Hey, Leela, how about a kiss for good luck?"
Fry says: "I meant tongue luck."
The Centaurs cross the finish line.
Announcer says: "And the winner is number four -- Steven."
Fry groans.
Fry says: "I am so unlucky!"
Fry says: "I've run over black cats that were luckier than me."
[Scene says: "Flushing Downs Horse d'Oeuvres Outlet."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Get your piping-hot horse burgers, horse fries, horse cake and shakes."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "We got tongue straight from the horse's mouth."
Leela says: "Hmm."
Hermes says: "It all sounds good."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "All our horses are 100% horse-fed for that double-horse juiced-in goodness."
Leela says: "I'll have the cholesterol-free omelette with horse beaters."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "And you, sir, how can I horse you?"
Hermes says: "I'll have a horse coke."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "Horse Pepsi OK?"
Hermes says: "Nay."
[Scene says: "Flushing Downs Stables."
[Scene says: "Bender sneaks in disguised as a horse, casually whistling."
[Scene says: "He injects a horse with Comatonin."
[Scene says: "It yawns and Bender chuckles."
Jockey says: "Hey!"
Jockey says: "What are you doing?"
Bender says: "This."
He injects the jockey and he falls over asleep.
[Scene says: "Flushing Downs Grandstand."
[Scene says: "Bender is back with the others."
[Scene says: "Fry prays."
Fry says: "Dear Horse God, I know I don't usually pray to you."
Fry says: "Sometimes I doubt you even exist."
Fry says: "But if you're willing to grant me luck, please, stamp your hoof once."
Fry says: "Man, it's contagious!"
The one horse that started the race gallops over the finish line.
Announcer says: "And the winner is Harry Trotter by the entire racetrack."
Bender's slip flashes. He has won $2500. He cheers.
Bender says: "That'll teach those other horses to take drugs!"
Fry tears up his slip.
Fry says: "That's it!"
Fry says: "You can only take my money for so long before you take it all, and I say enough."
Fry says: "If you think bad luck can defeat me then you don't know my name is Philip J."
He reaches over to the wire with the rake but it electrocutes him. He pulls the rake away and breathes a sigh of relief. Then he gets struck by lightning and falls.
[Cut to says: "Outside Flushing Downs."
[Cut to says: "Fry has landed upside-down in a dustbin and is smoking from the lightning strike."
[Cut to says: "The paper-hatted salesman comes out through a door carrying a bucket of horse leftovers."
Paper-hatted salesman says: "That is one unlucky guy!"
He pours the bucket over Fry and leaves.
Fry says: "Kareem's got the sky hook but Philip J."
Fry says: "Fry's got the space hook!"
He throws the ball but it bounces off the hoop. Yancy chases after it and dribbles it back.
Yancy says: "Yancy drives; he goes up with his patented space hook!"
He throws the ball and it goes through the hoop.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "That's my patented space hook!"
Fry says: "You stole it!"
Yancy says: "You're not the president of it!"
He points at the ball and Fry runs to get it. He looks across at the grass next to him and sees a seven-leaf clover. He picks it up.
Fry says: "Holy camolie!"
Fry says: "A seven-leaf clover!"
Yancy says: "I'm dying of old age!"
Fry tucks the clover into his sweatband and dribbles the ball back onto the court. He shoots, Yancy jumps to get the ball but misses and the ball goes through the hoop. Fry cheers.
Fry says: "Game over!"
Fry says: "Phil wins!"
Fry says: "Yancy's fans are stunned!"
Fry says: "There'll be no celebration at the Yancy-dome!"
Yancy says: "Lucky."
Fry takes the clover out from his sweatband and looks at it.
Leela says: "Well, someone's in a good mode."
Bender says: "Let's just say I lucked-out at the track!"
Bender says: "Also, I rigged one race."
Fry says: "Pah!"
Fry says: "I'd have won a lot of money too if I still had my lucky seven-leaf clover."
Fry says: "Plus I'd still have my hair."
Enter a Hairbot, which has replacement hair for the staff growing on it.
Hairbot says: "I got your page, Mr."
Hairbot says: "Fry."
Hairbot says: "Your new hair is ready."
He takes the hair off his head and puts it on Fry's head. Fry shuffles it into place.
Amy says: "So whatever happened to this seven-leaf clover?"
Fry says: "I hid it in a secret hiding place whose location I never told anyone."
Fry says: "Not even Scruffy."
Scruffy leans against the doorframe then walks out.
Zoidberg says: "So the clover is still in the hiding place, maybe?"
Fry says: "Hey, yeah!"
Fry says: "Maybe it is still there."
Fry says: "Underground in the ruins of Old New York, helping some ant defeat another ant or helping some piece of dirt turn its luck around."
Farnsworth says: "Dirt doesn't need luck."
Fry says: "I'm going down there to get my clover back."
Fry says: "Some of the tunnels have metal bars so I'll need someone who's good at bending."
Fry says: "Leela, how 'bout you?"
Leela says: "Sure."
Leela says: "I'll do it."
Bender says: "Like hell you will!"
Bender says: "Bending's my middle name."
Fry says: "It is?"
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "My full name is Bender Bending Rodríguez."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry lifts the PJ's manhole cover in the street from the Planet Express building."
Fry says: "Here's the entrance."
Fry says: "From this moment on, I declare my bad luck officially over."
The ladder gives way beneath him and he plummets into the darkness then lands in a heap. Bender and Leela peer into the hole.
Bender says: "He was fun."
[Scene says: "Ruins of Old New York."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Leela walk down a deserted ruined street."
[Scene says: "Leela holds up her wrist machine."
Leela says: "Well, if we get bored looking for the clover, I've got Tetris on this thing."
They come to the edge of a cliff top and ahead of them are lots of ruined buildings.
Fry says: "Look, up ahead."
Bender says: "Old New York: The city that inspired a casino in Las Vegas."
Time Lapse. They continue walking down a street.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "We've got Manhattan all to ourselves!"
Fry says: "I can finally do all the crazy stuff I always dreamed of doing."
Fry says: "Uh, oops!"
Bender says: "New York is so burned."
Fry says: "And remember when Mayor Giuliani cracked down on jaywalking?"
Leela says: "No."
Fry says: "Well, Rudy, how do you like this action?"
He walks across the road and a huge lizard flattens him.
Teen #1 says: "As you know, the big breakdance is Saturday."
Teen #1 says: "So if we wanna win those Jam Master J autographed parachute pants, our crew has to pop, lock and bust the freshest."
Teen #1 says: "Noticeably F."
Teen #1 says: "A."
Teen #1 says: "T."
Teen #1 says: ", drop us a beat."
Teen #1 says: "Name?"
Fry says: "Cosmic F."
Teen #1 says: "Style?"
Fry says: "Outer space."
Teen #1 says: "Special moves?"
Fry says: "The moonwalk..."
Fry says: "the robot..."
Fry says: "the zero G."
He steps back and Yancy steps forward.
Teen #1 says: "Name?"
Yancy says: "Cosmic Y."
Teen #1 says: "Style?"
Yancy says: "Uh, deep space!"
Fry says: "Deep space?"
Teen #1 says: "Special moves?"
Yancy says: "The spacewalk..."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Yancy says: "The robot..."
Fry says: "The robot?"
Fry says: "That's similar to mine!"
Yancy says: "The zero G."
Fry says: "What are you doing?"
Fry says: "You totally ripped off my routine."
Yancy says: "You callin' me a biter?"
Noticeably F.A.T. stops beating and everyone gasps.
Fry says: "Why do you always have to steal everything from me, Yancy?"
Fry says: "Find your own life and live it."
Yancy says: "Stop illin'!"
Yancy says: "Word!"
Fry says: "Well I'd like to see you try and steal this."
Fry says: "The septuple-head-spin."
Everyone gasps.
Yancy says: "He's just scratching."
Yancy says: "No one's ever done more than a quadruple."
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Noticeably F."
Fry says: "A."
Fry says: "T."
Fry says: ", rewind the tape."
He makes rewinding noises. Fry takes the clover out of his shoe and tucks it into his headband. He does the head spin.
Teen #1 says: "Crazy sucker!"
Teen #2 says: "Phil, you're hot!"
Noticeably F.A.T. says: "That was ice cold, bro!"
Teen #1 says: "Fry, if I ever see you try anything that crazy again, this crew might just have some new parachute pants!"
Everyone cheers and Fry stares at the clover again.
Yancy says: "Stop hogging the clover."
He struggles to get it from Fry. Fry pushes him away and runs. Yancy chases him.
Fry says: "Alright, team, let's go find that clover!"
Leela says: "Which way to your house?"
Leela says: "The sign says we're at 71st Street."
Fry looks at the sign.
Fry says: "71st Street?"
Fry says: "Hmm, never heard of it."
Fry says: "Downtown could be in any direction."
Bender says: "No sweat."
Bender says: "We'll just take a spin on the B-train!"
[Scene says: "Ruined Station."
[Scene says: "Bender attaches himself to the tracks and electricity shoots through him and he giggles."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "That feels funny!"
Bender says: "This is the Brooklyn-bound B-train making local stops at wherever the hell I feel like."
Bender says: "Watch for the closing doors."
He makes a "bing bong" noise and sets off down the track.
[Scene says: "Newkirk Avenue Station Ruins."
[Scene says: "Bender stops at the station and Fry and Leela get off."
[Scene says: "A hobo is asleep on Bender's back."
Bender says: "Wake up, buddy."
Bender says: "End of the line!"
The hobo mutters and climbs off. Fry looks around.
Fry says: "Gosh!"
Fry says: "My old neighbourhood."
Fry says: "That's the bench where I found some shirts!"
Fry says: "That fire hydrant!"
Fry says: "In summer we'd light it on fire!"
Fry says: "On that corner, some guy with a bushy beard handed out a socialist newsletter!"
Bender says: "Was it poorly Xeroxed?"
Fry says: "You'd better believe it!"
Leela says: "The old comedians were right, this place is a lot different from L."
Leela says: "A."
A mutant pokes his head up through a sewer grate.
Mutant says: "Pardon me, but did I overhear you saying you used to live here?"
Fry says: "That's right."
Mutant says: "Did you know Andy Goldman?"
Fry says: "Yeah, he was my neighbour."
Fry says: "Why?"
Mutant says: "I mutated from him!"
Fry says: "Get outta here!"
Fry says: "What's Andy up to these days?"
A head comes out of the mutant's chest.
Andy says: "The short answer is I'm teaching."
The mutant disappears back into the sewer.
Leela says: "He seemed nice."
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "When he's sober!"
[Scene says: "Outside The Ruins of The Frys' House."
Fry says: "Holy camolies!"
Fry says: "The house I grew up in."
Fry says: "It's still there!"
The house is a battered ruin.
Bender says: "Man, Father Time really took a bat to this place."
Yancy says: "That stupid clover is a worthless piece of garbage!"
Yancy says: "Give it!"
Yancy says: "Give it!"
Yancy says: "Give it!"
[Cut to says: "The Frys' Living Room."
[Cut to says: "Mrs."
[Cut to says: "Fry plays miniature golf."
Fry says: "Mom!"
Fry says: "Help!"
Mrs. Fry hits the golf ball and breaks the cup she was aiming for.
Mrs. Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry and Yancy run in.
Fry says: "Mom, Yancy's trying to steal my clover."
Mrs. Fry says: "Yancy, stealing is wrong."
Yancy chases Fry again.
Yancy says: "Come back here, you!"
Yancy says: "I'm gonna pile drive you!"
Yancy says: "You're dead meat!"
[Cut to says: "The Frys' Basement."
[Cut to says: "Mr."
[Cut to says: "Fry reassembles a torch."
Mr. Fry says: "What's happenin' up there?"
Mr. Fry says: "Did Kremlin Joe let fly with the nukes?"
Fry says: "Not yet, commander."
Fry says: "Yancy's just trying to steal my stuff as usual."
Mr. Fry says: "Well he'd better keep his hands off these bananas."
Mr. Fry says: "Gonna need them when the radiation turns us all into monkeys."
He lifts a crate of bananas onto the table and climbs up a ladder and out of the basement. Fry pulls a sheet off something and takes his clover out of his pocket.
Fry says: "The Ronco Record Vault!"
Fry says: "Yancy'll never get his hands on you in here or my money back."
Fry says: "Stay safe, clover."
Fry says: "I may need you again someday."
He runs up the stairs.
Fry says: "This was the storage room."
Fry says: "My dad spent years turning it into a bomb shelter."
Leela says: "And yet you guys never had a single nuclear war."
Bender says: "What a waste."
Fry says: "This is it."
Fry says: "My Ronco Record Vault."
Fry says: "It's stuck!"
Bender says: "The Achilles heel of the Ronco design is its structural resonance frequency."
Bender says: "Allow me."
Bender says: "There we go!"
Fry takes out the record.
Fry says: "Here it is."
Fry says: "The Breakfast Club soundtrack."
Bender says: "You mean "breakfast club sandwich"?"
Fry says: "I hid my seven-leaf clover in this very record jacket so my brother Yancy wouldn't get it."
Fry says: "The whole place has been cleaned out!"
Fry says: "Yancy stole my clover!"
Fry says: "That thief!"
Leela says: "How do you know it didn't disintegrate?"
Fry says: "Everything else in here held up OK."
Bender says: "Except Sports by Huey Lewis."
[Scene says: "Ruins of Prospect Park."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender walk back up the street without the clover."
Fry says: "I don't know why my brother hated me so much."
Leela says: "Oh, brothers always fight."
Leela says: "I'm sure deep down he loved you."
Leela says: "He just never got a chance to say it before you got frozen."
Fry says: "You think?"
He gasps. In front of them is a large statue.
Bender says: "Who is that God-like figure?"
Fry says: "It's my brother, Yancy!"
Fry says: "And there, in his lapel, my seven-leaf clover!"
Fry says: "I knew he stole it."
Leela says: "Hold the phone."
Leela says: "If that's Yancy, why does the inscription say Philip J."
Leela says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "Wait a second."
Fry says: "That's my name!"
Fry says: "Good Lord."
Fry says: "He ditched his goofy name and stole mine!"
Bender says: "Apparently this brave Adonis, this Cadillac of men, was the first person on Mars."
Fry says: "First person on Mars?"
Fry says: "I should have been the first person on Mars."
Fry says: "He stole my clover, he stole my name and he stole my life."
Fry says: "And now he broke my hand!"
Bender says: "His legend lives on."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The statue has been moved there."
Farnsworth says: "So you opened the record vault and the clover was gone?"
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "Nothing in there but all the best music of the 1980's in one amazing collection."
Leela says: "Survivor, Pat Benatar, The Scorpions."
Leela says: "The list goes on."
Fry says: "That clover helped my ratfink brother steal my dream of going into space."
Fry says: "Now I'll never get there."
Leela says: "You went there this morning for doughnuts."
Hermes reads the inscription on the statue.
Hermes says: "First person on Mars?"
Hermes says: "Oh, so your brother was that Philip J."
Hermes says: "Fry."
Fry says: "I'm Philip J."
Fry says: "Fry!"
Fry says: "He stole my name after I got frozen."
Farnsworth says: "Shut up, friends."
Farnsworth says: "My Internet browser heard us saying the word "Fry" and it found a movie about Philip J."
Farnsworth says: "Fry for us."
Farnsworth says: "It also opened my calendar to Friday and ordered me some French fries."
An image of Yancy appears on the screen and changes as the narrator speaks.
Narrator says: "..."
Narrator says: "a feat that has never since been equalled."
Fry says: "That should have been me!"
In the movie, Yancy boards a small plane.
Narrator says: "The ever-lucky Fry made his fortune after striking oil in the bathroom of the mansion he had won in a lottery."
Yancy closes the plane door and a picture of the clover is on it.
Fry says: "That's my clover!"
Fry says: "Yancy stole it!"
Narrator says: "After a whirlwind fling with Icelandic supermodel Njörd, Fry scored a string of top 10 hits with his rock band Leaf Seven, known for their hypnotic rhythms, driving baselines and memorable hooks."
Fry says: "That's what I'm known for!"
Man says: "Phil came in, right, strummed out this tune, yeah, and I said, "That's a number one record!"
The scene changes to an cemetery orbiting the Earth.
Narrator says: "Today, Fry spends most of his time in his grave in Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery, buried with the trademark seven-leaf clover that will bring him luck in the next life, perhaps some Egyptians believe."
Fry says: "So that's where my clover is?"
Fry says: "Hey, is that orbiting cemetery near here?"
Leela says: "It will be in a couple hours."
Fry says: "Good."
Fry says: "Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing."
Bender says: "I'll get my kit."
Yancy says: "Thanks for lending me your tux, Dad."
Yancy says: "It'll be perfect for my wedding."
Mr. Fry says: "Yancy, that tux got me through 'Nam in style."
Mr. Fry says: "I just wish your brother were still around to see this."
Mrs. Fry says: "I'll never forget the day Philip disappeared."
Mrs. Fry says: "Wisconsin won the Rose Bowl 17-9."
Mrs. Fry says: "Oh, I miss him."
Mr. Fry pats her leg.
Yancy says: "Oh, that reminds me: I was thinking I'd rummage through Phil's records for something to play at the wedding."
Mrs. Fry says: "Have a look downstairs."
Mrs. Fry says: "Your brother may be missing but his crap sure isn't."
[Scene says: "The Frys' Basement."
[Scene says: "Yancy sorts through a box marked "Phil's Stuff"."
[Scene says: "He takes out a Whitefish pennant and puts it to one side."
[Scene says: "Then he pulls out a piece of paper with a crude drawing of a rocket and a figure standing on top of it."
[Scene says: "The figure is labelled "Phil" and at the bottom of the paper is written "By Philip Fry Aged 20"."
[Scene says: "Yancy folds it up and puts it in his pocket."
[Scene says: "He tries Fry's record vault but it won't open."
[Scene says: "He gets a pot of Doh-Doh out from the box, sticks it to the vault, lights it and blows the door open."
[Scene says: "He pulls out a random record."
Yancy says: "Hmm, Breakfast Club."
Yancy says: "This'll clear out the room at the end of the reception."
He flips the record over and the clover falls out of the sleeve. He picks it up and gasps.
[Scene says: "Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery."
Leela says: "They buried your brother in the World Heroes section?"
Leela says: "I'm impressed."
Fry says: "I should be the one in that grave!"
They pass two guards who salute. Fry and Leela salute them and Bender whacks his head with his spade.
Time Lapse.
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "We lost Bender."
Bender digs up a nearby grave.
Bender says: "There!"
Bender says: "Now no one will be able to say I don't own John Larroquette's spine."
Time Lapse. The crew approach Yancy's grave.
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "My brother's grave!"
The monument on top of the grave is in the shape of a rocket and Yancy is chiselled onto it. Leela reads the inscription.
Leela says: "Philip Fry, the original Martian."
Fry says: "It's all lies, every word of it!"
Fry says: "He wasn't original, he wasn't a Martian, he wasn't Philip Fry and since when is he a the?"
Bender says: "You're twice the the he ever was."
Fry says: "It's clovering time!"
They start to dig. Fry hits the monument with his spade and knocks some moss off it. He reads the hidden inscription.
Yancy's wife says: "So, had any ideas for names, Yancy?"
Yancy says: "Uh, I'm sorta thinking one."
Yancy says: "It's a lucky clover that can help you be successful whatever you do -- even breakdancing -- and it once belonged to someone very special."
Yancy's wife says: "I know what name you wanna give him Yancy."
Yancy's wife says: "It's OK."
Yancy says: "Really?"
Yancy says: "Son, I'm naming you Philip J."
Yancy says: "Fry in honour of my little brother, who I miss every day."
Yancy says: "I love you, Philip, and I always will."
He looks across the room. Hanging over the baby's cot is the picture Fry drew of himself on the rocket. Yancy kisses Philip and he giggles.
Fry says: "Here lies Philip J."
Fry says: "Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."
Bender forces open the coffin.
Bender says: "Pay dirt!"
Bender says: "I got the clover!"
Bender says: "Plus his wedding ring."
Bender says: "Sorry, ladies, I'm taken!"
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, you want me to smack the corpse up a little?"
Fry takes the clover from Bender as tears well up in his eyes.
Leela says: "Uh, Bender, I think Fry needs a moment alone."
She helps him out of the grave.
Bender says: "Alright, grab a shovel."
Bender says: "I'm only one skull short of a Mouseketeer reunion."
He and Leela walk away. Fry puts the clover back in the grave and smiles. The episode plays out with Simple Minds' Don't You Forget About Me.