[Opening Credits. Caption says: "A By-Product Of The TV Industry."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender is kitted out in golf gear."
[Scene says: "To his left is a screen displaying a virtual golf course."
Bender says: "A hush comes over the crowd."
Bender says: "The only sound is Bender calling everyone else a jerk as he swings!"
Bender says: "Boy, I tell you, buddy!"
He jumps into the lake. Enter Hermes and Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Bad news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "You're not good enough to go on your next mission."
Fry says: "Hooray!"
Bender says: "Not good enough!"
They high-five. Leela descends from above in a harness.
Leela says: "Why?"
Leela says: "Says who?"
Farnsworth says: "Because."
Farnsworth says: "And says me."
Farnsworth says: "It's an extremely dangerous mission that killed my last crew."
Farnsworth says: "And you're not nearly as good as them."
Fry says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bender says: "We live to suck another day!"
They both do a victory dance. Leela disconnects Bender from the game and his image on the screen flies away like a burst balloon.
Leela says: "We're just as good as any of those other crews you sent to their deaths."
Leela says: "What's the mission?"
Farnsworth says: "Collecting honey."
Farnsworth says: "Ordinary honey."
Leela says: "That doesn't sound so dangerous."
Farnsworth says: "This is no ordinary honey!"
Farnsworth says: "It's produced by vicious space bees."
Farnsworth says: "A single sting of their hideous neuro-toxin can cause instant death."
Hermes says: "And that's if you're not allergic."
Hermes says: "You don't wanna know what happens then."
Hermes says: "Oh, no, no."
Hermes says: "God, no!"
Farnsworth says: "Your insides will boil out of your eye sockets like a science fair volcano."
Hermes says: "I didn't want to know!"
He bursts into tears.
Farnsworth says: "These bees are larger than most Buicks and twice as ugly."
Fry says: "Larger than an American sedan?"
Fry says: "How big is the honeycomb?"
Hermes says: "Honeycomb's big."
Hermes says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Bender says: "It's not small?"
Hermes says: "No, no, no."
Leela says: "It'll take more than deadly, deadly bees to keep us from doing our job."
Leela says: "Come on, boys."
Fry says: "But, Leela, we're no good."
Leela says: "Listen, I'm scared too."
Leela says: "But I'm more scared of disappointing myself."
Fry says: "I'm not scared of that at all."
She pushes him towards the ship.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship lifts off."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the space beehive and lands just inside."
[Scene says: "Swarms of bees fly past with their space pollen."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela paints yellow and black stripes on Bender."
Leela says: "Now, bees communicate by dancing."
Fry says: "Like my parents!"
Fry says: "Oh, wait, that was hitting."
Leela says: "So this language cartridge will let you distract them."
She installs the cartridge into the slot in the back of Bender's head.
Bender says: "Ah, good."
Bender says: "I often have thoughts and feelings that can only be expressed through dance."
Bender says: "You stink."
Bender says: "Bender's great."
Bender says: "Deal with it."
He giggles mischievously.
[Scene says: "Space Beehive."
[Scene says: "Leela and Fry are wearing spacesuits and Bender and they make their way into the hive carrying a long hose."
[Scene says: "A bee flies in front of them and they gasp."
Leela says: "Bender, quick!"
Leela says: "Waggle something!"
As Bender talks Fry and Leela make their escape.
Bender says: "Uh..."
Bender says: "Hello, fellow bees."
Bender says: "How's the abdomen?"
Bender says: "Swollen with nectar, I trust?"
Bee says: "Duh!"
Time Lapse.
Fry says: "Leela, let's turn back."
Fry says: "There's absolutely no shame in wussing out."
Leela says: "Relax."
Leela says: "Everything'll be fine."
They look up and see a ship caked in honey. It has a familiar logo on the tail.
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "The old Planet Express ship."
Leela says: "There's the black box."
She picks it up and plays it.
Man says: "Captain, the bees have us surrounded!"
Man says: "Oh, the Professor was right."
Man says: "We're not as good as his old crew!"
Captain says: "Oh, Lord!"
He screams some more and Leela switches the tape off.
Leela says: "Uh, couldn't make that out."
Leela says: "Too much static."
Fry and Bender wince.
Time Lapse. The crew crawl into part of the honeycomb and honey drips around them.
Bender says: "Ew!"
They come to the end of the tunnel and gasp.
Leela says: "We found it!"
Leela says: "The honeycomb hideout."
Time Lapse. Leela puts the hose into a river of honey it starts pumping. Fry points at something.
Fry says: "Hey, what's this goop?"
Leela says: "Royal jelly."
Leela says: "They feed it to the queen."
Fry says: "Bees make honey and jelly?"
Fry says: "Huh."
Fry says: "How come nothing humans make tastes good?"
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "I can't swim in jelly, as far as I know!"
Leela pulls him out.
Leela says: "Look!"
Leela says: "It's a baby queen!"
Leela says: "Aw, she's so cute!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Stop bonding and let's go!"
Fry says: "I got jelly in my underpants!"
Leela says: "I'm taking this bee with us."
Leela says: "With a queen we can build a hive and make more honey ourselves."
Leela says: "Let me just pack her a lunch and we'll go."
She dips a jar into the jelly.
Bender says: "I didn't mean you're all fat."
Bender says: "Just fatso there."
He points at a fat bee.
Bee says: "He insulted our fat queen."
Queen says: "You try keeping your figure after 10,000 kids."
The bees dive at the crew and they duck. Bender runs  and the queen tries to sting him. He grabs hold of her stinger and she shakes him around.
Leela says: "This is where we distinguish ourselves from the last crew."
Leela says: "Activate emergency high-speed self-contained escape pack crisis response unit."
Leela says: "Quick!"
She presses a button and a jet pack lifts her off the ground. Fry turns his on but he is wearing it the wrong way and flies away upside-down. The bees chase him and Leela. Fry hits the sides of the honeycomb on the way through the tunnels and Bender hangs onto the queen's stinger, screaming. Leela dodges a bee and it hits the honeycomb and explodes. Leela and Fry fly towards the ship.
Leela says: "Good luck, Bender!"
They fly through the cargo bay hatch.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "Leela closes the hatch."
[Cut to says: "Space Beehive."
[Cut to says: "The ship tries to take off but the honey holds it down."
[Cut to says: "The queen points her stinger at the hatch."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "Her stinger comes through with Bender on the end."
Bender says: "I'm back, baby!"
[Cut to says: "Space Beehive."
[Cut to says: "The cargo bay hatch closes, dislodging the queen."
[Cut to says: "The ship lifts off and the bees sting it, denting it."
[Cut to says: "It accelerates and the engine blasts the bees away."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry cheers and Leela puts the baby queen in a pet basket."
Fry says: "We made it!"
Fry says: "We're alive!"
Leela says: "Burn on that, old crew!"
Leela says: "The only things they did better than us were suck and die."
Fry says: "Leela, we got lucky this time."
Fry says: "But you should be more careful."
Fry says: "I don't want anything to happen to you."
Leela says: "Thanks, but I can look out for myself."
Leela says: "Frankly, I can smell danger a mile away."
The bee uncurls and points its stinger at her.
Fry says: "Look out!"
Fry says: "You want her, you're gonna have to go through me!"
The bee thrusts forward as Fry screams in anticipation of pain. The stinger goes through him and he and Leela fall to the floor. The bee writhes around on the floor, its stinger snapped off. Bender quickly throws it into the airlock and jettisons it. It floats away into space and a space truck hits it. Leela looks where the sting hit her.
Leela says: "You call that a wound?"
Leela says: "That's a boo-boo tops."
Leela says: "But thanks for trying to save me, Fry."
Leela says: "He's..."
Leela says: "he's dead!"
She and Bender kneel beside him.
Bender says: "Who will make Bender waffles just the way he likes them now?"
[Scene says: "A convoy that includes the Planet Express ship flies moves towards Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery."
[Scene says: "Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery."
[Scene says: "Fry's funeral has begun."
[Scene says: "He is in an open casket."
[Scene says: "Mourners that include Leo and Inez Wong and two Trisolians pay their respects to him."
[Scene says: "Leela cries."
Leela says: "It was all my fault!"
Leela says: "He died because of me!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm lying to make her feel better!"
Leela cries even harder.
Time Lapse. Hermes puts piece of burning paper on the coffin.
LaBarbara says: "Husband, can't you go anywhere without lighting something up?"
Hermes says: "It's an old Jamaican accounting tradition."
Hermes says: "We burn his timecard."
Hermes says: "That way his zombie doesn't come back looking for his final paycheck."
They leave and Amy and Zoidberg stand beside the casket.
Amy says: "He looks so natural."
Amy says: "It's funny to think he's clammed full of sawdust and preservatives."
Zoidberg says: "I only wish I could have removed the stinger."
They look at Fry's body. The huge stinger sticks out of his abdomen.
Time Lapse. Father Changstein el Gamahl of the First Amalgamated Church begins the eulogy.
Changstein el Gamahl says: "I barely knew Philip."
Changstein el Gamahl says: "But, as a clergyman, I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him."
The congregation cries.
Hermes says: "Soothe us with sweet lies."
Changstein el Gamahl says: "It may comfort you to know Fry's death took only 15 seconds."
Changstein el Gamahl says: "Yet the pain was so intense that it felt to him like 15 years."
Changstein el Gamahl says: "And it goes without saying it caused him to empty his bowels."
Changstein el Gamahl says: "We now commend Fry's body to the ages."
The coffin turns around and is ejected into space. Scruffy plays Walking On Sunshine on the bagpipes. Amy pats Leela's shoulder.
Amy says: "He's walking on sunshine now."
Farnsworth says: "This makes me the oldest member of my family."
He cries and hugs Bender.
Kug says: "Him do good snu-snu."
Behind her, the radiator from the Miss Universe pageant, Petunia, the girl from the Hip Joint, Morgan Proctor and Michelle aren't so sure.
Bender says: "All those times I said "Kill all humans," I'd always whisper "except one"."
Bender says: "Fry was that one."
Bender says: "And I never told him so!"
He cries and hugs Farnsworth. Terry pulls his lab coat across him like a cape.
Terry says: "Farewell, from the world of tomorrow!"
[Scene says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Leela remains depressed as she tickles Nibbler and wipes her eye with half a tissue."
[Scene says: "She puts the other half on her bedside table and sees the jar of honey."
Leela says: "I feel funny."
Leela says: "Ha-ha funny!"
She has a brief laughing fit and then faints.
[Cut to says: "Leela's Dream."
[Cut to says: "Fry's coffin floats through space."
[Cut to says: "It opens and she floats towards it."
Fry says: "Leela?"
Leela says: "Fry?"
Leela says: "I thought you were dead."
Fry says: "Nope, I'm better than ever."
Fry says: "Before the accident I couldn't do this!"
He sticks his hand through the sting wound.
Leela says: "Impressive!"
Leela says: "But it does sorta support my you-are-dead theory."
Fry says: "Then I'll prove I'm alive, by telling you something only I could know."
Fry says: "There's a surprise for you in my locker."
Fry says: "I got it at a Swedish novelty shop before we left."
His locker appears and he opens the door and pulls out a gift-wrapped box. He hands it to Leela and she gasps.
Leela says: "It's too beautiful to open."
Leela says: "Can I open it?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "There's just one thing I want you to do."
Leela says: "What?"
Fry says: "I want you to wake up."
Leela says: "Wake up?"
[Cut to says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "She wakes up."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler gets hurled across the room in alarm."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Area."
[Scene says: "The crew, sans Bender and Fry, are gathered around Fry's locker."
Leela says: "In my dream Fry said he hid a gift for me in his locker."
Leela says: "If it's true then he must still exist in some form."
Farnsworth says: "Of course he still exists: As a frozen corpse in outer space!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I made myself sad."
Leela says: "Well, here goes."
She opens the locker. It is empty. The crew sigh.
Zoidberg says: "Bupkis!"
Enter Bender counting some cash and whistling.
Bender says: "Well, I feel better now."
Bender says: "Pawning all the stuff in Fry's locker helped give me closure."
Leela says: "Was there anything in there that might have been a gift for me?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "Nothing."
Bender says: "Not at all."
Bender says: "No way, José!"
Bender says: "Here it is."
Leela says: "You took this from Fry's locker?"
Bender says: "Hey, the guy's dead!"
Bender says: "There's no law against grave robbing."
Leela opens the box and takes out a squeezy toy.
Leela says: "That proves it."
Leela says: "Fry is alive somewhere and he's reaching me in my dreams."
Farnsworth says: "Bull pies!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "He helps Leela onto a table."
Farnsworth says: "Lay down here and we'll do some tests."
Farnsworth says: "If Fry is out there then Leela's brain could be acting as a five-pound Ouija board."
Leela lies back on the table.
Leela says: "Is this some sort of brain scanner?"
Farnsworth says: "Some sort, yes."
Farnsworth says: "In France it's called a guillotine."
He pulls a lever. Leela gasps and jumps out of the way, narrowly missing the blade.
Leela says: "Professor!"
Leela says: "Can't you examine my brain without removing it?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, easily."
He scans her brain with a hand-held device.
Bender says: "Hey, what if Fry wasn't actually dead when we buried him?"
Bender says: "Y'know like Julia Roberts?"
Farnsworth says: "Well, I suppose there's a slim--  I don't believe it!"
Leela says: "What is it?"
Leela says: "Is Fry alive in some other dimension or something?"
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "According to this gizmometer, Fry is dead and nothing can bring him back."
Farnsworth says: "Remarkable!"
Leela says: "But..."
Leela says: "my dream."
Leela says: "Your science can't unprove that!"
Leela says: "How could I have known the gift was in Fry's locker?"
Hermes says: "Easy!"
Hermes says: "He told you about it before he died and your grief-roasted mind blocked it out."
Leela says: "Are you saying I'm going crazy?"
Farnsworth says: "No, no!"
Farnsworth says: "No one's saying that."
Farnsworth says: "But I'm certainly thinking it loudly."
[Scene says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "She tosses and turns in her sleep."
[Cut to says: "Leela's Dream."
[Cut to says: "Leela floats in space and Fry's hair and mouth appear like the Cheshire Cat from Alice In Wonderland."
Fry says: "Hi, Leela!"
Fry says: "I'm just gonna keep talking, even if you can't hear me."
Fry says: "Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah."
Leela says: "Shut up!"
Leela says: "I can hear you."
Leela says: "The Professor says you're just a dream."
The rest of his body appears.
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Could a dream take you dancing in a Venusian garden?"
Leela says: "Well, yes, technically."
Leela says: "But it's still very sweet of you."
Fry says: "Then what if we shared a sleigh ride across the ice fields of Hyperion?"
The dream changes to the icy moon. Fry and Leela are pulled along in a sleigh by a woolly mammoth. Fry hands Leela a mug and tears open a packet of cocoa.
Leela says: "Oh, Fry!"
Leela says: "You must be alive; I've never been treated so romantically by my own imagination before."
Fry says: "Here, take my jacket."
Fry says: "You look a little cold."
Leela says: "Thank you."
Leela says: "It's all so beautiful."
Leela says: "I forgot how many hundreds of degrees below zero it must be."
Leela says: "I just wish I could convince the others you're alive."
Fry says: "You can."
Fry says: "All you have to do is wake up."
Leela says: "No, no!"
Leela says: "Don't say that!"
Leela says: "This is real!"
[Cut to says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "She wakes up and sends Nibbler flying off the bed."
Leela says: "Not another dream!"
Leela says: "Fry's jacket!"
Leela says: "The one he was buried in!"
Leela says: "My dream was real!"
Leela says: "He's alive!"
Her neighbour thumps the wall.
Petunia says: "Not 'nymore!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Bender is on fire."
[Scene says: "Hermes, Amy, Zoidberg and Farnsworth blast him with fire extinguishers."
Bender says: "That's better!"
He lights a cigar. Enter Leela with Fry's jacket in a cover.
Leela says: "Fry's alive!"
Leela says: "I have proof!"
Amy says: "No way!"
Farnsworth says: "You lie!"
Bender says: "You do not!"
Hermes says: "I'm from Jamaica, the "Show Me" island."
Hermes says: "So show me you're blowing it out your fanny."
Leela says: "But he gave me his jacket."
Leela says: "Look."
She opens the cover and pulls out her own green jacket.
Farnsworth says: "That's not Fry's jacket."
Farnsworth says: "Fry's jacket is red."
Farnsworth says: "That's your jacket."
Farnsworth says: "An off-the-rack, lime green affair."
Leela says: "But Fry-- His jacket-- And when I woke up it was on me."
Hermes says: "You're under a lot of guilt stress, Leela."
Hermes says: "Here, work it off."
He hands her the squeezy toy.
Leela says: "I am not under stress, damnit!"
The toy explodes.
Amy says: "Everything's going to be alright, Leela."
Leela says: "What?"
Amy says: "I said everything's going to be alright."
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "Maybe I am freaking out a little."
Bender says: "A little?"
Bender says: "You're screwier than my Aunt Rita."
Bender says: "And she's a screw!"
Leela says: "I need to calm down."
Leela says: "I'd better take some more of that space honey."
Farnsworth says: "You've been taking space honey?"
Farnsworth says: "Be careful, you purple-haired imbecile!"
Zoidberg says: "One spoonful calms you down."
Zoidberg says: "Two spoonfuls help you sleep."
Zoidberg says: "But three spoonfuls and you'll go into a sleep so deep you'll never wake up."
Zoidberg says: "Never!"
Hermes says: "Never!"
Bender says: "Never!"
Leela gasps.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela takes a spoonful of honey."
Leela says: "One spoonful to calm me down."
Leela says: "Is that you?"
Leela says: "I don't need a sponge!"
Fry says: "Why am I sticky and naked?"
Fry says: "Did I miss something fun?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth scans Fry with the gizmometer."
Farnsworth says: "Incredible!"
Farnsworth says: "According to the gizmometer, Fry touched the royal jelly in the space hive, leaving an imprint of his DNA and brainwaves."
Bender says: "And blood!"
Bender says: "Don't forget about Fry's blood!"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, Bender, thank you."
Farnsworth says: "In short, the various fluids Fry left in the couch caused the royal jelly to regenerate his entire being."
Fry says: "Neat!"
Bender says: "This is great!"
Bender says: "My buddy's alive and his credit cards are valid again."
Bender says: "Let's go get hammered!"
The staff cheer.
Zoidberg says: "I should warn you, I'm a mean drunk."
They exit, leaving Fry and Leela alone.
Leela says: "Fry, I'm so glad I didn't kill you."
Fry says: "Me too."
Leela says: "Feeling responsible for your death was driving me mad."
Leela says: "But now everything is alright."
Fry says: "Uh, not everything."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "What do you mean?"
Fry says: "You have to wake up."
Leela says: "Wake up?"
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "It can't be!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela wakes up on the couch."
[Cut to says: "She gasps and looks around."
Leela says: "Pooh!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Leela and the other staff sit at the table."
Leela says: "I'm cracking up."
Leela says: "In my dreams I'm happy because Fry is alive."
Leela says: "But when I'm awake, my mind plays tricks on me."
Hermes says: "Oh, take it easy, Leela."
Amy says: "In every life we have some trouble."
Bender says: "But when you worry, you make it double."
Amy says: "Don't worry!"
Bender says: "Don't worry!"
Amy says: "Bee happy!"
Bender says: "Bee happy!"
Farnsworth says: "The landlord says your rent is late."
Hermes says: "He might have to litigate."
Bender says: "But don't worry!"
He opens his chest cabinet and a bee flies out and stings Farnsworth's head.
Farnsworth says: "Happy!"
His head explodes and the meeting room goes dark.
Ain't got no style,.
Ladies vomit when I smile,.
But does Zoidberg worry?
Feh! You wish!
The bee stings him.
Zoidberg says: "Happy!"
He explodes. Hermes holds Amy and skates around as the bee flies alongside.
Hermes says: "Don't worry now, Amy!"
The bee stings him and he explodes.
Amy says: "OK!"
Amy says: "I'm happy!"
The bee stings her and she explodes. Streamers and glitter fall around the table and Bender dances on it.
Bender says: "Take us home, Bender!"
Bender says: "Don't worry!"
It stings him.
Bender says: "Happy!"
He explodes and fireworks crackle. The smoke clears and everyone is back at the table.
Leela says: "Uh, were you just singing?"
Bender says: "No, I was telling you not to worry."
Bender says: "I'm not allowed to sing."
Bender says: "Court order."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela takes off in the ship, nervous and jittery."
Leela says: "I'll find Fry's coffin, get his corpse and keep it under my mattress to remind me that he's really dead."
Leela says: "That'll prove I'm not insane."
[Scene says: "Outside Ship."
[Scene says: "Also sprach Zarathustra plays as Leela stands at the airlock in her spacesuit."
[Scene says: "She looks out at Fry's coffin, floating like the Monolith in 2001: A Space Odyssey."
[Scene says: "She jumps out, floats to it and puts her hands on it."
Leela says: "OK, it's just an ordinary coffin."
Leela says: "Containing my ordinary dead friend, who I killed."
[She opens the coffin says: "A Space Odyssey."
revealing the slit-scan sequence from 2001 says: "A Space Odyssey."
[She opens the coffin says: "She stares like Dave Bowman."
revealing the slit-scan sequence from 2001 says: "She stares like Dave Bowman."
[Cut to says: "Leela's Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "She wakes up again."
Leela says: "What happened?"
Leela says: "Why am I in my apartment?"
Farnsworth's, Zoidberg's, Hermes' and Amy's faces appear on her walls.
Farnsworth says: "You killed Fry!"
Zoidberg says: "You killed Fry!"
Hermes says: "You killed Fry!"
Amy says: "You killed Fry!"
Bender says: "You killed Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "You killed Fry!"
Zoidberg says: "You killed Fry!"
Hermes says: "You killed Fry!"
Amy says: "You killed Fry!"
Bender says: "You killed Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "You killed Fry..."
Zoidberg says: "You killed Fry..."
Hermes says: "You killed Fry..."
Amy says: "You killed Fry..."
Bender says: "You killed Fry..."
Farnsworth says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Hermes says: "!"
Amy says: "!"
Bender says: "!"
Leela says: "Stop it!"
Leela says: "Stop it!"
She tears their faces down like paper. Bender appears on the floor.
Bender says: "You killed Fry!"
She grabs the hoover and sucks him up.
Leela says: "OK, I'm insane!"
Leela says: "But I'm still sane enough to know it."
Leela says: "Here goes."
Leela says: "Goodbye, waking world."
She moves the spoon towards her mouth.
Fry's Photo says: "Leela!"
Fry's Photo says: "No!"
Fry's Photo says: "Listen to me, you don't want to lie in bed like a vegetable and do nothing the rest of your life."
Fry's Photo says: "I've tried it."
Fry's Photo says: "Bedsores hurt!"
Leela says: "Then what am I s'posed to do?"
Fry's Photo says: "Fight it!"
Leela says: "I can't!"
Fry's Photo says: "You can!"
Fry's Photo says: "The Leela I know doesn't give up this easily."
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "I'll try."
Leela says: "Go away!"
She throws the jar at it. The jar and the bee break and the one bee becomes a swarm. Leela picks up Fry's photo and holds it tightly.
Fry's Photo says: "I don't know if you can hear me, Leela, but there's something I wanna tell you."
Fry's Photo says: "I love you."
Leela says: "I'm so scared, Fry."
Leela says: "I don't know what to do."
Fry's Photo says: "Just wake up, Leela."
Fry's Photo says: "Please."
Fry's Photo says: "Just wake up."
Leela says: "I don't understand what you mean!"
She hugs the photo.
[Cut to says: "Hospital Room."
[Cut to says: "Leela is in a bed and Fry is sat at her side."
[Cut to says: "His jacket is draped around her and she is in a coma."
Fry says: "Just wake up."
Fry says: "Please."
Fry says: "Just wake up, Leela."
Her eyelid flutters and opens. She looks around.
Leela says: "Fry."
Leela says: "You're alive!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "You're awake!"
Leela says: "Of course I'm awake."
Leela says: "You wouldn't stop waking me."
Leela says: "Where am I?"
Fry says: "In the hospital."
Fry says: "The ambulance took you here right after the bee stung you."
Leela says: "But the bee stung you."
Leela says: "It barely touched me."
Fry lifts up his shirt. There is a patch where his wound was.
Fry says: "The stinger went right through me and you got all the poison."
Fry says: "My new spleen came from a guy who liked to motorcycle."
He makes revving noises and mimes a motorbike throttle. The rest of the staff walk in.
Hermes says: "Sweet three-toed sloth of ice planet Hoth!"
Hermes says: "She's awake!"
They all cheer.
Bender says: "You were in the best coma I've ever seen!"
Amy says: "The doctor said you'd never wake up."
Leela says: "Really?"
Leela says: "How long was I out?"
Amy says: "Two weeks."
Amy says: "Fry never left your side for a minute."
Zoidberg says: "And he talked non-stop."
Zoidberg says: "Like a parrot of the sea, he was!"
Fry says: "I though that maybe if you heard a familiar voice it might help keep your mind together."
Fry says: "But who knows if it really got through."
Leela says: "It got through, Fry."
Leela says: "It got through."
Closing Credits.