Warning This article contains information marked as Mature. In other words, it will have an adult theme and contain scenes and storylines which are unsuitable for readers under 18 years of age. The content on this page is likely to contain sex, language, drugs, alcohol, nudity, and violence.
[Scene says: "Night time shot of the tops of buildings and the stars in the sky."
Narrator says: "Previously on Futurama."
Rumbling is heard and the city is shaking. A tear works its way across the night sky.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "The Proud Result Of Prison Labor."
At the end of the credits, the commonly shattered Jumobotron allows the Planet Express Ship to pass through it. A black and white animation and harmonious whistling, similar to that of Steamboat Willie appears. The Planet Express Ship is flying, propelled by Zoidberg whoops while running on a steamboat wheel chasing a fish attached to a rod that is fashioned to his head. Leela is whistling while steering the ship. Fry and Bender are dancing to the rhythm of the song then Bender knocks Fry out of the picture with his hip. A crash is heard. The ship approaches a whistling Moon with the Hydroponic Farmer standing on top of it with a pitch fork in his hand. He spots the ship, a dotted line appears to show this and he begins mumbling, voicing his displeasure about their presence. The ship stops and a cannon comes out of the top of the ship. It fires and leaves only the Farmer's, still complaining, skeleton. His bones fall into a pile and the ship passes behind him.
[Screen says: ""MATTHEW GROENING presents a "FUTURAMA" SOUND CARTOON!"
[Screen says: "THE BEAST WITH A BILLION BACKS!"
[Screen says: "" Fry and Bender stand on either side of the frame."
Pull out from previous screen to see it is on the Jumbotron. Normal theme music resumes and the Planet Express Ship smashes out of the screen.
[Scene says: "Shot of the anomaly, pulling back down to an establishing shot of Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Interior shot: Hermes, Professor, Bender and Leela are sitting on the couch and Zoidberg is laying on the ground, all watch the TV."
Morbo says: "It has now been one month since space ripped open like flimsy human skin."
Morbo says: "Terrified earthlings are beginning to grow exhausted."
Hattie McDoogal, Mayor Poopenmeyer and Randy are pointing at the anomaly, all screaming. The stop, yawn and then begin screaming again.
Hermes says: "Professor, sprinkle us with wisdom from your mighty brain."
Hermes says: "How scared should we be?"
Farnsworth says: "Somewhere between not at all and entirely."
Zoidberg says: "I call entirely."
Morbo says: "Scientists believe the rip is a gateway to another universe, but do not know what mysteries lie beyond."
Morbo says: "However, in this reporter's opinion gruesome death awaits us all!"
Linda says: "And now with sports, here's Sportsbot 5000."
An introduction to Sports is shown.
SportsBot 5000 says: "All sports cancelled."
Establishing shot of Planet Express. Two doors slide open in the Observatory. Kif, Amy, Hermes, Zoidberg, Leela and Professor are standing near the opening.
Farnsworth says: "To better understand the anomaly, I will now focus its radiation on a giant medium-sized ant to see what happens."
Giant medium-sized ant says: "What's going on here?"
Giant medium-sized ant says: "I was told there would be sugar syrup."
Farnsworth says: "Quiet, you."
Fry enters the room with a woman.
Fry says: "Oh, hey, everyone, this is Colleen."
ALL says: "Hello!"
Amy says: "I like your shoes."
Bender says: "This is awkward."
Bender says: "Introducing your new girlfriend to Chesty McNag-nag."
Leela says: "Oh, don't mind him."
Leela says: "I'II turn him off."
Bender says: "Hey, you can't turn me off..."
Leela says: "Hi."
Leela says: "I'm Leela."
Colleen says: "Hi, Leela, hi, everyone."
Colleen says: "Sorry I've been taking up so much of Fry's time."
Colleen says: "He's just so interesting."
Colleen says: "Have you seen how much cotton candy he can eat?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Farnsworth says: "5."
Farnsworth says: "1 pounds."
Farnsworth says: "That's why his blood is so good on pancakes."
Fry says: "Well, got to skedoodle-oodle."
Fry says: "We're taking a cuddle-cab to Hug-a-Bunny Village."
Pan to Zoidberg who throws up into two buckets. One ends up with frogs and lilies in it while the other has starfish and a shark.
Zoidberg says: "This lovey-dovey stuff is making me vomit from my saltwater and freshwater stomachs."
Leela says: "It is pretty sickening."
Zoidberg says: "No, the double-vomit is a sign of joy."
Zoidberg says: "Fry told me how he and Colleen first met."
Two silhouettes sit on a bench in a park under a hover bridge. A front view shows these two people are Fry and Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "So, how did you and Colleen first meet?"
Fry says: "Well..."
Fade to Fry and Colleen standing next to each other in a crowd of people staring at the anomaly on a Jumbotron.
Fry says: "Something about seeing it on the Jumbotron makes it so much more real."
Shot of the Jumbotron showing the anomaly directly below the real anomaly. Back to Fry and Colleen.
Colleen says: "It's so scary."
Colleen says: "What are you supposed to do when the whole universe is coming to an end?"
Fry says: "I have a thought."
Cut back to the Observatory. Leela turns Bender back on.
Bender says: "This is gonna be juicy."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Amy says: "Speaking of sappy love..."
Amy says: "Want to tell them, Kiffy?"
Kif says: "Yes, Amy and I have a big announcement."
Kif says: "I..."
Kif says: "That is, we..."
Kif says: "Oh, I'm just so excited."
Amy says: "Kif has asked me to be his Fonfon Ru."
Zoidberg says: "Mazel tov!"
Farnsworth says: "Wonderful!"
They all happily crowd around, but then show they are confused.
Hermes says: "What the hell does that mean?"
Kif says: "It means I've asked Amy to join my family."
Kif says: "And you're all invited to my family swamp for our Fonfon Rubok ceremony."
Amy says: "If I had ever heard of it, it would have been what I had always dreamed of."
Kif says: "Oh!"
Kif says: "And our parents will be meeting for the first time ever."
Establishing shot of the ship approaching Amphibios 9. It lands on what appears to be a landing pad, but it turns out the be a large Venus Fly Trap. A cutting torch is used by Leela to make a hole in the plant wall for the front leg of the ship. Leela exits, Fry and Colleen exit, and then Bender exits.
[Scene says: ""WONG/KROKER FONFON RUBOK CEREMONY."
[Scene says: "" Zapp is drinking something, Mr."
[Scene says: "and Mrs."
[Scene says: "Wong impatiently stand with bugs around them."
[Scene says: "One of Kif's species expands his head, like a balloon, and lets it deflate repeatedly."
[Scene says: "Bagpipes are playing."
[Scene says: "Kif and Amy walk up to Mr."
[Scene says: "and Mrs."
[Scene says: "Wong."
Kif says: "Mr."
Kif says: "And Mrs."
Kif says: "Wong, aren't you excited that we're all about to be joined in a single family?"
Mr. Wong says: "You can't borrow money."
Mrs. Wong says: "Kif's parents come late and we have to stand around in swamp getting eaten alive by damn bugs?"
Kif says: "Mrs."
Kif says: "Wong, no."
Kif says: "The finial stage of my species' life cycle is a colony of flying hookworms."
Kif says: "You just squashed part of my father."
The mess of bugs assembles into a clustered sphere. A hand is formed and shakes Mr. and Mrs. Wong's hands.
Mr. Kroker says: "Welcome."
Mrs. Wong says: "Sorry."
Mrs. Wong says: "I guess you got plenty of bugs to spare though, huh?"
Mr. Kroker says: "That was my left testicle."
Bender says: "And the awkward meter goes up another notch."
Bender says: "Ding, ding, ding, ding ding..."
[Scene says: "Fry and Colleen are drinking under a heavy green glow."
[Scene says: "The rocks and trees have moss on them and the bodies of green liquid give off a green mist."
Fry says: "Wow, Colleen, you look so beautiful in the light of the swamp gas."
Colleen says: "Thanks."
Colleen says: "This is really fun."
Colleen says: "I love going to exotic worlds and getting hammered."
Fry says: "Me, too."
Bartender says: "Two more Harvey Wallclimbers."
Cut to an animation of Pong played with a wall. Pull out to reveal Leela is playing it on her Wristlojackimator.
Zapp says: "Leela, I can't help but notice you're unescorted."
Zapp says: "Might I escort you behind that bush for the next five minutes?"
Leela says: "Nothing would revolt me more."
Zapp says: "Then how about that shrub?"
Cut to everybody standing by a mud pond.
Kif says: "Ooh!"
Kif says: "Rubok is begun."
The Grand Midwife raises out of the mud.
Grand Midwife says: "I am the Grand Priestess."
Fry says: "Aren't you also the Grand Midwife?"
Grand Midwife says: "And the grand Lunch Lady."
Grand Midwife says: "I work five jobs, all grand."
Grand Midwife says: "Kif of the clan Kroker, please transcend the Rubok Etlon with your Fonfon Smizmar Ru."
Kif says: "What?"
Grand Midwife says: "Get in the mud."
Grand Midwife says: "This mud is the petroleum from a billion generations of Kif's ancestors."
Grand Midwife says: "As you become one with the ooze, so you become one with the clan Kroker."
She taps the ground twice with her staff and mud shoots up into the air in front of Amy and Kif. Everybody gets showered in mud, Amy and Kif are completely covered.
Amy says: "Oh, Kif, it's like a movie with this happening in it."
The man that was acting like a balloon where they first arrived pops and turns into a colony of flying hook worms.
Grand Midwife says: "Is the best man present?"
Zapp says: "Guilty as charged."
Grand Midwife says: "Kindly hose the couple."
He grabs a hose, struggles with it, and then washes Kif's face off. Next he washes Amy's chest off.
Grand Midwife says: "It's not part of the ceremony."
Grand Midwife says: "I just had an extra snake."
Grand Midwife says: "Rubok is complete."
Grand Midwife says: "Throw the bouquet."
Kif pulls the bouquet out of his lower abdomen and holds it up. He throws it behind him and Colleen catches it. Her and Fry stare into each others eyes and smile. Zoidberg is included in the moment and he walks up to them, leaning on their shoulders.
Zoidberg says: "Are you going to eat that?"
[Scene says: "Fry is in his apartment doing his hair."
[Scene says: "He grabs a comb full of Barb-O-Mite and pushes it through his hair."
[Scene says: "A sound is heard, similar to the sound an electric razor makes, and fry's hair snaps back to normal."
Bender says: "Fry, run, run."
Bender says: "Get over here, oh, my God, oh, my God!"
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "What is it?"
Bender says: "Shut up already!"
Bender says: "Calculon's on TV!"
A scene from "All My Circuits". Calculon walks up to a house with Monique.
Monique says: "I beg you, Calculon, don't ring that door chime."
Calculon says: "I have no choice, Monique."
Calculon says: "Whoever the blackmailer is, he lives behind this hideous yet strangely familiar door."
He rings the doorbell and the door opens.
Human Friend says: "Calculon residence."
Human Friend says: "Oh, hello, Mr."
Human Friend says: "Calculon."
Calculon says: "Son of a bit."
Calculon says: "This is my house."
Calculon says: "But that means I'm blackmailing myself."
Calculon says: "Why didn't you tell me, Monique?"
Monique says: "I tried to, but I couldn’t."
Monique says: "Oh, Calculon, I'm afraid you have a fourth personality the other three don't know about, and it and I are lovers!"
Bender says: "How's Calculon going to take this, Fry, especially after that humiliating tennis tournament?"
Bender says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "Don't know, Bender."
Fry says: "Tonight's my big date with Colleen."
Fry says: "I got to run."
Bender says: "But me and you like to watch together."
Bender says: "Look, I got you a cabbage to snack on."
Bender says: "Humans like cabbage, right?"
Fry walks out of the apartment. Bender places the cabbage down on a white t-shirt and draws Fry's face on it. After a moment, he punches the cabbage to a pulp.
[Scene says: "St."
[Scene says: "Asimov's Day Festival."
[Scene says: "Fry and Colleen enter the 2D Tunnel of Love."
Carnival Barker says: "Step right up to the 2D Tunnel of Love."
Carnival Barker says: "Not one, not three, but two glorious dimensions for the price of a single ticket."
Carnival Barker says: "Keep your hands in the car, shut up, and have fun."
The two are zapped down to two dimensions and move sideways along the ride.
Fry says: "Wow, you even look beautiful in 2D."
Colleen says: "I do?"
Colleen says: "But from your perspective, I'm just a line segment."
Fry says: "A really hot line segment."
Fry says: "So, listen, sweetie pie, I was thinking maybe we should take this to the next step."
Colleen says: "Really?"
Fry says: "Yes."
Fry says: "Colleen..."
Fry says: "will you be moved in with by me?"
All speaking at once.
Amy says: "Way to go."
Zoidberg says: "Hooray, hooray."
Leela says: "That's great."
Bender steps forward.
Bender says: "You're moving in with her?"
Bender says: "Why can't she move in with us?"
Professor enters.
Farnsworth says: "Listen up, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "I know you've all been extremely worried about the cosmic anomaly."
Hermes says: "The what?"
Hermes says: "Oh, right."
Farnsworth says: "But there's good news!"
Farnsworth says: "We're all going to learn more about it at a scientific conference."
Hermes, Leela, Zoidberg and Amy scream. Bender screams in front of everybody else.
The PE Ship flies across the sky, in front of the Anomaly and lands behind the Institute for Advanced Book Learnin.'.
Man walking on screen says: "..."
Man walking on screen says: "like a city made of marshmallow."
[Scene says: "The crew walk into the building through the front doors, many people are standing around talking."
[Scene says: "A banner with "SPACENOMALY '08" is hanging from the ceiling."
[Scene says: "Stephen Hawking's head descends from above."
Stephen Hawking's head says: "Welcome."
Stephen Hawking's head says: "I am the pickled head of Stephen Hawking on a way-cool rocket."
Leela says: "Black hole Hawking?"
Leela says: "Wow, if I knew I was going to meet you I would have done something with my hair."
Stephen Hawking says: "You should have."
Cut to Stephen Hawking speaking to an auditorium full of scientists listening to him. A display behind him displays the Anomaly.
Stephen Hawking says: "In conclusion, I understand nothing about the anomaly, even after cashing the huge check I got for writing a book about it."
The crowd applauses him.
Farnsworth says: "I know this anomaly is terrifying."
Farnsworth says: "But as scientists, is it not our sworn duty to seek out knowledge, even at the cost of our very lives?"
Stephen Hawking says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "I say we must mount an expedition to the anomaly forthwith."
Wernstrom says: "I agree."
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Wernstrom says: "Professor Farnsworth is correct."
Wernstrom says: "Only a manned mission can..."
Cut to Professor snapping his fingers at Leela, indicating a replacement is needed. She puts a pair of dentures in his mouth.
Farnsworth says: "Don't listen to that crackpot!"
Wernstrom says: "But I'm agreeing with you."
Farnsworth says: "I'll make you eat those words, you moron!"
Wernstrom says: "Ah!"
Wernstrom says: "I volunteer to lead the expedition."
Wernstrom says: "I have a squad of graduate students eager to risk their lives for a letter of recommendation."
He dangles a piece of paper above the students, who grasp for it.
Farnsworth says: "Your squad sucks bosons!"
Farnsworth says: "My team is twice as qualified and three times as expendable."
The PE Crew says: "Yeah!"
Wernstrom says: "Oh, tough talk for someone with only one Fields Medal."
Crowd says: "Ooh!"
Stephen Hawking says: "Ooh!"
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom, I ought to..."
Two beams hit and freeze both of them in place. We see the beams are coming from Stephen Hawking's eyes.
Stephen Hawking says: "I didn't know I could do that."
Stephen Hawking says: "Now quiet down and settle this like men of science."
Professor says: "Very well."
Exterior shot of Deathball Arena. The structure is a large sphere with what looks like a wrestling diaper around it.
Professor says: "Let Deathball begin!"
[Scene says: "A rather boring game of Labyrinth is shown from above."
[Scene says: "Cut to the ball constantly coming toward the screen, bouncing off walls."
[Scene says: "Fry appears and runs away from the ball."
[Scene says: "He dives out of its path."
[Scene says: "Cut to Zoidberg squeezing against a wall to avoid being hit by a ball."
[Scene says: "Fry is run over by that same ball as more roll across the screen."
[Scene says: "Pan and zoom up to a control room where Wernstrom and Professor look down on the game."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth turns the Horizontal dial to the right and the Deathballers react to the change."
[Scene says: "Fry slips and slides toward a hole, but Amy saves him."
[Scene says: "Wernstrom turns the Vertical dial to the left."
Farnsworth says: "Go, Planet Express!"
Wernstrom says: "Go even more, my team!"
[The crowd is cheering. Cut to Hermes running across screen from a ball. Five players from Wernstrom team push a ball into a hole says: "0 - Wernstrom: 1."
the hole lights up red. Fry looks at the scoreboard. "Farnsworth says: "0 - Wernstrom: 1."
[The crowd is cheering. Cut to Hermes running across screen from a ball. Five players from Wernstrom team push a ball into a hole says: "" A ball heads down a wall toward him."
the hole lights up red. Fry looks at the scoreboard. "Farnsworth says: "" A ball heads down a wall toward him."
Fry says: "Leela, header!"
Colleen says: "Woo hoo!"
Colleen says: "Bust those balls!"
Fry and the other player collide balls. The two balls bounce away from each other and momentum carries the two players onto the ball opposite them. They both ride into the holes they previously avoided and fall down with the ball, but catch on to the edge of the hole. The scoreboard reads 2-2.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Zoidberg says: "We're equally good!"
The two teams are battling for a ball, pushing it toward each other.
Leela says: "Come on, Bender!"
Leela says: "Your grandmother could push harder than that!"
Bender says: "No crap."
Bender says: "My grandmother was a bulldozer."
The table flips around 360 degrees and when it levels out seven more balls are introduced to the game. The players lay in the middle of the table and are run over by eleven balls. Two go in for Planet Express, then one runs over a player and goes in for Wernstrom. The scoreboard reads "5-6.".
Cut to Wernstrom laughing evilly. Farnsworth growls at him and twists his dial to the left. A ball comes flying through the glass and hits Wernstrom. He flies out the other side with it and rolls into a hole. Another ball lands on top of the ball he is hanging on to. The scoreboard reads "7-6." The crowd cheers and the scoreboard says "GAME OVER" as a buzzer sounds. The PE crew celebrates.
Bender says: "And thus metal man defeated meat man."
Bender says: "The end."
The plays are walking toward a tunnel entrance that reads "SHOWERS - Group Rates Available.".
Colleen says: "Come here, winner!"
Fry and Colleen kiss.
Colleen says: "Come here, loser!"
Fry says: "Colleen, what are you doing?"
Fry says: "My face is over here."
Colleen says: "This is my boyfriend, silly!"
Fry says: "I thought I was your boyfriend."
Colleen says: "You are."
Fry says: "Well, how can you have two boyfriends?"
Colleen says: "Oh, I don't."
Colleen says: "I have five."
Colleen says: "Fry, meet Chu, Bolt, Ndulu, and Shlomo."
All at once.
Chu says: "Nihow."
Ndulu says: "Greetings."
Bolt says: "Pleasure."
Fry says: "But..."
Fry says: "But..."
Colleen says: "Shlomo and Ndulu will help you move your stuff into my apartment tonight."
Ndulu says: "Welcome to the relationship, buddy!"
Colleen kisses the still confused Fry.
Fry says: "Hmm?"
Chu says: "There's my butterscotch."
Establishing shot. Pulling back from the Anomaly to Planet Express.
[Scene says: "The crew sits around the conference table."
[Scene says: "Fry still appears dumbfounded."
Farnsworth says: "Congratulations, Deathballers!"
Farnsworth says: "We've won the right to explore the anomaly!"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "I thought I was playing for my freedom!"
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "Now, I've often said "good news" when sending you on a mission of extreme danger."
Farnsworth says: "So when I say this anomaly is dangerous, you can imagine how dangerous I really think it is."
Hermes says: "Not dangerous at all?"
Farnsworth says: "Actually, quite dangerous indeed."
Hermes says: "That is quite dangerous!"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed."
Farnsworth says: "Now stop shilly-shallying!"
Farnsworth says: "Prep the ship and line up for your pre-flight coffee enemas!"
Enema Bot says: "Warning."
Enema Bot says: "The enema you are about to enjoy is extremely hot."
[Scene says: "In the Hangar."
[Scene says: "Leela is loading Dark Matter into the ship and Bender is carrying a box up the stairs."
[Scene says: "Fry is sitting at the bottom of the platform Leela stands on."
Fry says: "I don't know what to do, Leela."
Fry says: "Should I move in with Colleen and her four other boyfriends?"
Leela says: "What are you going to do?"
Leela says: "Sleep in a big pile like hamsters?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "It's not like that."
Fry says: "Everyone gets his own room and a shelf in the refrigerator."
Zoidberg says: "Take the deal, Fry!"
Zoidberg says: "If there's a delicious cake, isn't it better to have one slice than none at all?"
Zoidberg says: "Even if four other guys eat the other four slices, and they're all thrusting their sweaty naked bodies against the cake?"
Amy says: "Only one thing matters, Fry."
Amy says: "Do you really love Colleen, like I love my little squeezle?"
Amy says: "[She squeezes him and his head expands and eyes expand out of his head."
Amy says: "He giggles."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "I do love her."
Kif says: "Then things will work out."
Farnsworth says: "Whoa!"
Enema Bot says: "Double espresso for Philip Fry?"
Fry says: "Sorry, I'm not going on the mission."
Fry says: "I'm moving in with Colleen!"
All at once.
Kif says: "Good for you, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Amy says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "I'll just take that to go."
Exterior shot of Planet Express. The roof opens and the PE ship takes off towards the Anomaly. Cut to an exit of the Tube system. A man exits, then Fry exits. He holds out one hand to grab his suitcase and holds his other hand out, but the object he was trying to catch is a futon and it knocks him over and lands on top of him. Fry walks up to an apartment building labelled "Upscale Human Domicile #2487." He drops his futon from his hand and pushes button number 34. A wide shot of many similar buildings shows one start to drop into the ground. People scream, increasing in volume the longer they move. The building stops moving and the doors slide open to reveal Colleen waiting for Fry.
Colleen says: "Yay!"
Colleen says: "Welcome to your new home!"
Fry says: "Thanks, Colleen."
Fry says: "And listen, I'm sorry I got jealous before."
Fry says: "I'm just happy to be here with you."
They both stop, Fry's eyes widen when he sees the four other men eating cake.
Ndulu says: "Want a slice of delicious cake?"
[Scene says: "A shot of the Anomaly."
[Scene says: "After a few seconds the PE ship is seen cruising towards it."
Bender says: "The anomaly!"
Cut to an interior shot of the ship. Hermes and Amy are sitting on the couch.
Amy says: "It's so anomalous."
Hermes says: "I'm feeling dread deep in my dreads!"
The monitors show static and then Wernstrom appears both screens.
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Wernstrom says: "Yes, and I'm afraid I have disturbing news about the anomaly."
Wernstrom says: "You see..."
Farnsworth says: "How did you get this number?"
Farnsworth says: "Hermes, hang up on him in the rudest possible manner."
Hermes says: "Yes, sir!"
Wernstrom says: "No, not the crack slam!"
Scene Colleen is making homemade wine in a device called "Mr. Wino" that looks similar to a coffee machine. A vine of grapes goes in the top slot and a bottle goes under that. She pushes a button and red wine is injected into the bottle. When it is full, a nozzle spins and the bottle is corked. She turns around with the bottle and opens it with a corkscrew. She walks over to the dinner table to the five waiting men.
Colleen says: "Oh, my life rocks."
Colleen says: "I've got good wine, five sweethearts, and today, I was promoted to Chief of Police."
Fry says: "Here's to you."
Chu says: "Me?"
Fry says: "No, Colleen."
Fry says: "I'm making a romantic toast."
Chu says: "Sorry."
Fry says: "You have the most beautiful eyes I think I..."
Ndulu says: "Thank you."
Fry says: "I'm not talking to you!"
Ndulu says: "Then I am not talking to you, either."
Schlomo says: "Will everyone be quiet a little?"
Schlomo says: "I want to hear what he has to say!"
Fry says: "Thank you."
Schlomo says: "Not you, you Verstinkener."
Schlomo says: "You're just here 'cause she likes cave men from the stupid ages."
Bolt says: "Oh, look who's talking."
Bolt says: "You're just here 'cause she got matzoh fever."
Ndulu says: "So, what's the explanation for you, moron fever?"
Colleen says: "Enough!"
Colleen says: "All of you!"
Colleen says: "I love you."
Colleen says: "Most people in this world don't have what we have."
Colleen says: "Let's just be grateful, okay?"
All says: "Yeah."
Chu says: "Yeah, you're right."
Fry says: "So, Colleen, you look really nice."
Colleen says: "Oh, thanks."
Colleen says: "I got dressed up for my date."
Colleen says: "There he is."
Colleen says: "Don't wait up!"
Fry says: "That's it."
Fry says: "I thought I was okay with this, but I'm not."
Fry says: "I'm breaking up with you!"
Ndulu says: "Me?"
[Scene says: "The PE ship arrives at the anomaly."
[Scene says: "Cut to an interior shot of the ship."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg nervously has his claws in his mouth while Amy and Hermes whimper."
[Scene says: "Bender whimpers as well and constantly shakes."
[Scene says: "He then drops one brick, then five more in the shape of a pyramid between his legs."
Bender says: "Why are we risking our lives?"
Bender says: "Can't we just send in a robotic drone?"
Bender says: "What's everybody looking at me for?"
Exterior shot of the PE ship next to the anomaly. Interior shot of Bender walking into an airlock on the ship with a machine slung around his shoulder with a strap.
Bender says: ""Let's send a robot to explore it."
Bender says: "'Cause you can always buy another one for 20 bucks."
Leela says: "Really?"
Bender says: "Well, it's 30 bucks, and there's a $10-mail-in rebate."
Bender says: "When the League of Robots hears about this, they won't be pleased."
Bender says: "Oh, you'll pay, my darlings."
Hermes says: "The League of Robots doesn't exist, tin mon."
Hermes says: "It's just a cartoon for babies."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Then how come when I was a kid, I had a whole sticker book of them?"
Bender says: "Answer that with your precious logic."
Exterior shot of the ship. A plank extends from the airlock door to the edge of the anomaly and the door opens. Bender walks out onto the plank and holds out something that is connected to the machine he has.
Bender says: "Bender to crew."
Bender says: "I have reached the gateway to another universe."
Bender says: "I feel awed and strangely humbled by the momentous solemnity of this occasion."
PART TWO.
[Scene says: ""Our Motherboard of Mercy Robot Hospital."
[Scene says: "" An ambulance pulls into the emergency entrance."
[Scene says: "Cut to Bender laying in a bed with the crew standing in the room."
[Scene says: "A nurse hooks Bender up to an I."
[Scene says: "V."
[Scene says: "of Olde Fortran Malt Liquor."
Bender says: "I can't remember anything except a blinding light and a searing ass pain."
Bender says: "I better check my black box."
Bender says: "BENDER: "The light!"
Bender says: "It's blinding!"
Bender says: "And the ass pain!"
Bender says: "It's searing!"
Bender says: "" So that's what happened."
Amy says: "Hey, Bender!"
Amy says: "Look who's here to cheer you up."
Bender says: "I don't need cheering up."
Bender says: "I'm perfectly..."
Calculon says: "Greetings, sick fan."
Calculon says: "That fulfills my community service, right?"
Ron Whitey says: "Charges of running me over are hereby dismissed!"
Ron Whitey says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Colleen's Apartment."
[Scene says: "The building drops into the ground and people scream."
[Scene says: "The doors open and Fry is leaving with only his suitcase."
Colleen says: "Where did we go wrong, Fry?"
Colleen says: "We were meant to be together!"
Schlomo steps out of a door behind Colleen with only a towel around his waist.
Schlomo says: "Nu, I'm freezing my tokhes off here."
Colleen says: "Just a sec, honey!"
Fry sighs and walks away. He walks through a park past many other happy couples. He sits on a bench feeding two birds from a brown paper bag and the two birds start kissing as well. He holds the handful of food he was about to throw and tosses it off to the side. Fade to a door that reads "Psychiatrist." Fry is lying on a chair talking out his problems to a woman, but she drops the her clipboard and begins kissing Chaz in her chair. Fade to Fry playing "Normal Combat" in an arcade. The one opponent pulls the two together with a rope and they begin kissing instead of fighting. He depressingly continues to control the two characters as they smooch.
Establishing shot of Planet Express.
[Scene says: "The Conference Room."
[Scene says: "] Bender rolls into the room with his wheelchair wheels attached."
Bender says: "I'm back, idiots!"
Zoidberg says: "You look wonderful, robut!"
Zoidberg says: "I wish I could afford to go to a hospital."
Zoidberg says: "I'm dreadfully sick."
Bender says: "I finally know what I want to be when I grow up."
Hermes says: "You want to co-star in his TV show?"
Hermes says: "Like that time you already did that?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "I'm gonna be a stalker!"
Leela says: "That's not really a career."
Leela says: "More of a felony."
Bender says: "Man, I'm gonna stalk his brains out."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Big news on the Calculon fan site!"
Bender says: "There's a flash mob headed for his plastic surgeon's office!"
[Scene says: "The Plastic Surgeon is struggling to tighten something below the frame using a ratchet."
[Scene says: "Pull back to reveal Calculon sitting in a chair."
Plastic Surgeon says: "There, that's as big as I can make it."
Plastic Surgeon says: "But I caution you, it looks completely unrealistic."
Calculon says: "You let me worry about that!"
Calculon says: "Just do your job."
Plastic Surgeon says: "Very well."
Plastic Surgeon says: "Will you be using your SAG insurance?"
Calculon says: "No, cash."
Calculon says: "Dear God, no!"
Bender says: "Neat!"
Man says: "Get a shot of that."
Fatbot says: "Oh boy, oh boy, he's here."
Crazed Fan says: "Calculon, I love you!"
Crazed Fan says: "Have my baby!"
Calculon says: "Back, you lunatic!"
Crazed Fan says: "He touched me!"
Bender says: "Sign my ass!"
[Scene says: "Establishing shot of Planet Express shows the Smell-o-Scope moving around."
Farnsworth says: "Emergency!"
Farnsworth says: "Emergency!"
Farnsworth says: "Everyone to the Calamitorium!"
Farnsworth says: "Leela, smell this."
Leela says: "Can I wipe it off first?"
Farnsworth says: "No time, woman!"
Farnsworth says: "No time!"
She plunges onto the nostril spouts and a "shlurp" noise is heard.
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "Smells like angel dust."
Farnsworth says: "Exactly!"
Farnsworth says: "That's a discontinuous electromagnetic field."
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom tried to warn me, but I was too damn stubborn!"
Farnsworth says: "Hermes, get Wernstrom on the line so I can apologize."
Hermes walks over to a large screen and keyboard and types in a number with a touchtone phone. The screen shows static and then Wernstrom is shown.
Wernstrom says: "Ogden Wernstrom speaking."
Farnsworth says: "Tell him I'm not here!"
Leela says: "Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, very well."
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom, I've been a vainglorious fool!"
Farnsworth says: "If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, your tiny little heart, would you consider a scientific collaboration?"
Wernstrom says: "Sir, I'd be honoured."
Wernstrom says: "As I attempted to warn you, the laws of electromagnetism change abruptly at the anomaly."
Wernstrom says: "Observe."
Pocket Pal says: "Play time is fun time."
Wernstrom says: "Not this time."
Farnsworth says: "My heavens!"
Farnsworth says: "If only I'd heeded your warning, I'd have known it was impossible to cross the barrier!"
Wernstrom says: "But note what happens when I instead throw this laboratory koala."
Farnsworth says: "It passed through unharmed."
Farnsworth says: "So living beings can enter the other universe, but electrical devices can't?"
Wernstrom says: "My hypothesis exactly."
Farnsworth says: "Then we must mount a second expedition without delay."
Farnsworth says: "Right after we blow up more robots."
Wernstrom says: "Agreed."
They both giddily throw robots into the anomaly and watch them explode like fire crackers.
Farnsworth says: "Play time is fun time."
[Scene says: "Calculon is in pyjamas, yawns, lays down in his bed and shuts his eyes."
[Scene says: "He immediately opens them and turns to find Bender smoking a cigar while laying next to him."
Calculon says: "Who are you?"
Bender says: "Bender, your biggest fan."
Calculon says: "Are you going to murder me?"
Bender says: "Unlikely."
Bender says: "In my mind, we're friends."
Bender says: "This diorama proves it, see?"
Calculon says: "Sir, your derangement is impressive."
Calculon says: "I'm appointing you my official stalker."
Bender says: "You shan't be disappointed."
Bender says: "Pleasant dreams."
Bender says: "[Calculon turns the lights off and his eyes close, but Bender's do not."
Bender says: "Instead they extend out towards Calculon's eyes."
Bender says: "Calculon opens his eyes and looks at Bender's as they quickly move even closer to his own."
[Scene says: "The White House."
[Scene says: "A Stegosaurus is eating the grass on the front lawn."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Wernstrom speak to Nixon in the Oval Office."
Farnsworth says: "Now that I've teamed up with my friend, Dr."
Farnsworth says: "I feel certain we can successfully penetrate the other universe."
Wernstrom says: "It's the greatest scientific opportunity since you yourself sent men to the moon in 1969."
Nixon says: "I always regretted that."
Nixon says: "Nothing up there but dry rocks and those revolting onion men."
Farnsworth says: "But..."
Nixon says: "You East Coast intellectuals had your chance."
Nixon says: "Now beat it!"
Nixon says: "From here on in, this is a military matter."
[Scene says: "The Nimbus is docked at the South Street Spaceport."
[Scene says: "Nixon and Agnew's body stand on a podium with Kif and Zapp Brannigan."
Nixon says: "People of the universe, please welcome Rear Brigadier Zapp Brannigan."
People cheering.
Zapp says: "Thank you, thank you."
Zapp says: "Well deserved."
Zapp says: "Ever since man first left his cave and met a stranger with a different language and a new way of looking at things, the human race has had a dream."
Zapp says: "To kill him, so we don't have to learn his language or his new way of looking at things."
People cheering. A pan across the crowd shows Farnsworth and Wernstrom booing.
Wernstrom says: "Give science a chance!"
Farnsworth says: "Less invasions, more equations!"
Nixon says: "Damn long-hairs."
Nixon says: "Knock some sense into them, Chief O'Hallahan."
Colleen says: "Yes, sir!"
Fry says: "I can't take it, Leela."
Fry says: "I need to go away."
Fry says: "Far away, forever."
Leela says: "Aw, I know how you feel, Fry."
Leela says: "There are times when I also feel like you need to go away."
The ship is prepped for departure as vehicles and tubes pull away from it's vicinity. People start cheering. Zapp stands on a boarding bridge and waves to the crowd as Amy talks to Kif.
Amy says: "Be careful, my little, teeny, greeny weenie."
Zapp says: "That's just a fungal infection..."
Zapp says: "Oh, she's talking to you, Kif."
Kif says: "Goodbye, my love."
Bender says: "Wow, how come humans get to do all the fun stuff?"
Bender says: "This is exactly the sort of thing that ought to be handled by  The League of Robots."
Calculon says: "That's adorable, Bender."
Calculon says: "You actually believe in the League of Robots?"
Bender says: "You mean, there's really no such thing?"
Bender says: "Then who's there to mete out justice when an outdated robot is melted into belt buckles?"
Bender says: "Who's there to defend our honour when a rude human brings a blush to a robo-virgin's cheek?"
Calculon says: "No one."
Bender says: "Oh."
[Zoom into a close-up of Bender's face to see a tear run down his cheek. Cut to Amy standing alone says: "Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it."
watching the Nimbus leave for space. She turns around to face the screen says: "Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it."
a tear runs down her cheek. Cut to Farnsworth says: "Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it."
still being beaten by the three officers. A tear runs down his cheek. Cut to a shot of the Nimbus flying with its escort says: "Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it."
zoom into a window labelled "Stowaway Hatch 35 says: "Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it."
[Zoom into a close-up of Bender's face to see a tear run down his cheek. Cut to Amy standing alone says: "He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek."
watching the Nimbus leave for space. She turns around to face the screen says: "He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek."
a tear runs down her cheek. Cut to Farnsworth says: "He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek."
still being beaten by the three officers. A tear runs down his cheek. Cut to a shot of the Nimbus flying with its escort says: "He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek."
zoom into a window labelled "Stowaway Hatch 35 says: "He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek."
Establishing shot of Planet Express with the anomaly lighting the night sky behind it.
[Scene says: "Bender is writing a note with a feather pen on a desk in the Hangar."
[Scene says: "A candle lights his paper."
Bender says: "Now that I know robots are worthless, with no League of Robots to protect us from the fleshy menace known as man, I have resolved to kill myself."
Bender says: "In lieu of flowers, please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains."
Bender says: "Your friend, Bender."
He gets up and walks out of the building. On his way out, he pins his note on something. Pull back to reveal it is Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Ow."
[Scene says: "Bender on the street."
[Scene says: "He walks into a Suicide Booth."
[Scene says: "He pulls out his quarter on a string and gets a free death."
Suicide Booth says: "Please select mode of death."
Bender says: "Clumsy bludgeoning, please."
Suicide Booth says: "You have selected clumsy bludgeoning."
Suicide Booth says: "For an additional $10, would you like your eyes scooped out with a melon-baller?"
Bender says: "What the heck, I'll treat myself."
Cut to the Nimbus approaching the anomaly. It brakes quite a ways in front of it. Pan to its belly. A door labelled "Lint Trap" opens and Fry is released into space with the lint. He uses his suit rockets to move toward the anomaly. Interior shot of the Nimbus.
Zapp says: "Enemy in range."
Zapp says: "Prepare to launch universe-to-universe missile."
Kif says: "Preparing to launch U."
Kif says: "U."
Kif says: "M."
Zapp says: "Hell of a thing to send a universe to certain doom."
Zapp says: "Fun, though."
Zapp says: "Makes a man feel big."
Cut to the Suicide Booth. An "In Use" label flashes on top of it with a buzzer matching its speed. Interior shot.
Bender says: "Come on, come on, I didn't ask to die of boredom!"
The floor turns out to be a trap door and Bender falls down it and screams. Immediately after, a hammer swings down at him, but misses and two melon ballers rotate where eyes would be.
Suicide Booth says: "You are now dead."
Suicide Booth says: "Please take your receipt."
Cut to a black screen. Bender is heard crashing into things and groaning in pain. A final, large crash is heard.
Bender says: "What's..."
Bender says: "What's happening?"
A candle is lit. Many hooded robots surround Bender.
Hooded Robot says: "Kneel before the candle."
Bender says: "Don't hurt me!"
Bender says: "I'll betray anyone!"
Hooded Robot says: "Bender Bending Rodriguez..."
Bender whimpers.
Calculon says: "Welcome to the League of Robots!"
Bender's mouth opens up as he heavily gasps. He inhales the flame on the candle and the screen is black. Cut to Fry approaching the anomaly. He is inches from it and a reflection of himself and the Nimbus is seen in it. Massive pull back to the perspective of the Nimbus. Fry is merely a dot. Interior shot of the bridge. The missile is loaded and the hatch closes.
Zapp says: "Ready?"
Francine says: "Missile jam."
Francine says: "Missile jam."
Zapp says: "I heard you the first time, Francine."
Francine says: "Sorry."
Zapp says: "Kif, climb down there and un-jam it, would you?"
Zapp says: "Be a dear."
Cut back to Bender and his trials.
Calculon says: "Tell us, Bender."
Calculon says: "Are you worthy of membership in the League?"
Bender says: "Worthier than the average robot."
Calculon says: "Then prove it."
Calculon says: "Upon each step is a test."
Bender says: "Okay, but if it's culturally biased, I'm suing your ass."
Calculon says: "Test number one."
Calculon says: "The test of the beer mug!"
British Robot says: "Quite right, quite so."
ALL says: "Drink the mug!"
ALL says: "Drink the mug!"
Bender says: "I accept your challenge."
ALL says: "Hurray!"
Bender jumps up onto the first step and Hedonism Bot is waiting for him on the second with a flagon.
Hedonism Bot says: "The test of the flagon!"
ALL says: "Drink the flagon!"
ALL says: "Drink the flagon!"
Bender says: "Are all the tests going to involve drinking?"
Calculon says: "It never occurred to me before, but yes."
Bender says: "Wohoo!"
Bender says: "Just like med school!"
Cut back to the Nimbus. Zapp is sitting in his chair, twiddling his thumbs.
Zapp says: "Ready yet, Kif?"
Kif says: "Just give me one more..."
Kif says: "Oh, no."
Cut back to Bender. He has now passed many steps and is nearing the top of the stairs.
Billionaire Bot says: "The test of the infinitely priceless 1,000-year-old brandy."
Calculon says: "Presenting our newest member."
Many robots are cheering.
Fender says: "That's right, baby!"
Bender says: "Hot diggity daffodil!"
Cut to Fry moving closer to the anomaly. Cut to the missile crossing the screen and Kif's legs stretching longer. Cut back to Fry as he moves his hand through the anamoly.
Fry says: "And so, to everyone and everything I've ever known, I say my last goodbye."
Kif reaches the anomaly with the rocket, but the rocket turns off and it stops moving.
Kif says: "Hello."
Kif says: "So, how are you, Fry?"
Fry says: "Pretty good."
Fry says: "You?"
Kif says: "Well..."
Kif says: "Oh."
Fry sadly moves his way through the anomaly. A shot of Kif's face as he is slung back to the Nimbus is shown. Interior shot of the bridge shows Zapp making a peanut butter and jam sandwich and Kif smashes through the closed hatch and towards the rear wall. A squish is heard and green goo lands all over the room, including on Zapp's sandwich. He however does not notice it as he reaches for the other slice of bread. A takes a bite and some green goo remains on his lips.
Zapp says: "Mmm."
Zapp says: "Kif, get over here."
Zapp says: "You've got to try this!"
Establishing shot of Planet Express.
[Scene says: "Amy is being consoled by Leela and Hermes in the lounge."
[Scene says: "All are in black clothing and Hermes has a kilt on."
[Scene says: "A urn filled with green goo sits on the table."
Amy says: "At least Kiffy died quickly."
Hermes says: "Yes, but according to the Old Farmer's Wikipedia, the amazing thing about Kif's species is that the remains continue suffering for up to six hours after death."
Amy says: "That's so interesting!"
Bender says: "Don't ask where I was last night."
Bender says: "For all you know, I was at home, perhaps baking a strudel."
Bender says: "What's her problem?"
Bender says: "Somebody die or something?"
Leela says: "Kif's dead, Bender."
Bender says: "Nailed it!"
[Scene says: "Amphibios 9."
[Scene says: "Amy stands in front of a table that has Kif's uniform and urn sitting on it."
Zapp says: "My condolences, Amy."
Zapp says: "Allow me to present you with the last known photo of Lieutenant Kroker."
Mrs. Wong says: "We so sorry, Mr."
Mrs. Wong says: "and Mrs."
Mrs. Wong says: "Kroker."
Mrs. Wong says: "Terrible shame about Froggy."
Mrs. Kroker says: "Thank you for your kind words."
Bender says: "This is from the league of you-don't-need-to-know."
The Grand Midwife elevates out of the pool of green goo in front of the table Kif's clothes rest on. Amy, Zapp and Bender are startled. Bender yelps and pulls his head into his body.
Grand Midwife says: "I am the grand funeral director!"
Zoidberg says: "Do you validate parking?"
Grand Midwife says: "It is always a terrible tragedy when a swarm outlives its own bulboid."
Leela says: "Whack the bottle!"
The Grand Midwife whacks the side of the bottle.
Hermes says: "No, from the bottom!"
Hermes says: "It works better!"
She whacks it from the bottom of the bottle.
Amy says: "Just stick a butter knife in it!"
Grand Midwife says: "There, I got most of it."
Grand Midwife says: "The burial is complete."
Grand Midwife says: "I will now sing the sacred hymn."
Grand Midwife says: "It's not part of the ceremony, just a little something that I wrote."
She sings in an alien language.
Bender says: "Next!"
Cut to Leela talking with Amy while sitting down.
Amy says: "It may sound strange, but seeing Kif's mutilated remains poured into the mud made me really sad."
Leela says: "Mutilation is never easy."
Amy says: "I don't think I'll ever love again."
Leela says: "Oh, you don't mean that."
Leela says: "Love can surprise you at any time in your life."
Zapp says: "Surprise!"
[Scene says: "Fry is floating through the other universe."
[Scene says: "Bolts of lightening flash around him as he travels along."
Fry says: "Whoa, it kind of takes your breath away."
[Scene says: "Fulcrum County Prism."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Wernstrom are locked in a cell by lasers."
URL says: "Look alive, death row."
URL says: "Your saggy asses got a visitor."
Farnsworth says: "Regular or conjugal?"
URL says: "She looked like a freak to me."
Leela is talking to Wernstrom and Farnsworth in the Visitors room.
Leela says: "The guard operating the x-ray machine came down with a sudden case of broken neck, so I was able to bring you that delicious cake you wanted."
Farnsworth says: "I don't understand."
Farnsworth says: "Are you winking or blinking?"
Leela says: "Hang on a second."
Farnsworth says: "Got it!"
[Scene says: "Bender is walks into a Horse Repair shop."
Bender says: "Ahh, yes, I'm here to repair my horse."
Shop Owner says: "Is the horse's name  Hot Beans?"
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "I mean, yes."
The owner pushes a button behind the counter and Bender falls into a trap door. Cut to Bender in the LOR headquarters sitting in front of a fireplace with the British Robot, Calculon, Hedonism Bot and Billionaire Bot.
British Robot says: "So it seems a human had been rather injured by a knife, and as his..."
British Robot says: "As his blood, you know, I think that's what they call it..."
Calculon says: "Quite correct, sir."
Calculon says: "Blather on!"
British Robot says: "As it drained away, he said..."
British Robot says: "He said, Take me to a dock."
British Robot says: "No doubt he intended to say doctor, but he was unable to complete his thought, you see, being as he had died."
British Robot says: "So, taking him at his word, we dragged his corpse to the waterfront, whereupon the seagulls fed upon it."
All of the robots laugh.
Bender says: "Humans are dumb and they die easy!"
Hedonism Bot says: "Quite!"
Billionaire Bot says: "Speaking of humans, have I shown you my new monocle?"
Billionaire Bot says: "Cost me a king's ransom."
Billionaire Bot says: "Made from a king, don't you know!"
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, how repulsively decadent!"
Billionaire Bot says: "Yes."
Billionaire Bot says: "But more importantly, it allows me to see the smiling faces of my children for the first time since I lost my vision in that horrible banking accident."
Bender says: "May I see that for a second?"
Hedonism Bot says: "I say!"
Billionaire Bot says: "I'm blind!"
Calculon says: "My God, Bender!"
Calculon says: "This is a civilized organization!"
Calculon says: "The rules specifically..."
Bender says: "May I make a point of order, President Calculon?"
Calculon says: "Must you?"
Bender says: "Yes."
Bender says: "The bylaws specifically state that no human may set foot in the League of Robots!"
Bender says: "If he has a human part, he's part human!"
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, my!"
Hedonism Bot says: "Then I too have a human part I must expel."
Hedonism Bot says: "And I plan to enjoy the experience."
Hedonism Bot says: "Ta-ta!"
Hedonism Bot walks off screen and Bender throws the book into the fire as he walks back to his chair.
British Robot says: "Bender, you've rigidly applied the law with no regard for its intent."
British Robot says: "Well done!"
British Robot says: "You'll go far in this organization."
Bender says: "Oh, you're just gettin' to know Bender."
Shot of the anomaly over the prison. Farnsworth and Wernstrom stand in front of a table with the cake on it. Farnsworth presses down four of the six candles and the cake transforms into a mini Smell-O-Scope. Wernstrom aims it at the anomaly and sniffs.
Wernstrom says: "Curses!"
Wernstrom says: "If we could only turn up the gain, we might smell clear through to the other universe!"
Wernstrom says: "But we can't adjust it without a screwdriver."
Farnsworth says: "Wait a moment."
Farnsworth says: "I think I was just shanked with a screwdriver!"
Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Wernstrom says: "A little more."
Wernstrom says: "A little less."
Wernstrom says: "Heavens to meteoroid!"
Wernstrom says: "Smell this!"
Farnsworth says: "Holy mother of invention!"
Wernstrom says: "We must notify the President at once!"
Farnsworth says: "But how can we?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I wish, I wish, I wish we weren't in prison!"
A "caw" is heard. It is Pazuzu and he rises in front of Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Pazuzu!"
Pazuzu says: "You have one wish left, Professor."
Pazuzu flies away from the prison and the two sound scared about their current transportation. Cut to the front of the White House, Pazuzu flies towards it. Suddenly, two gunners appear on the rooftop and begin firing at the trio. Farnsworth and Wernstrom scream in fear. Pazuzu circles around the building once and retreats into the sky.
Guard #1 says: "I think I got him!"
Pazuzu flies by and eats Guard #1.
Guard #2 says: "Mmm-hmm."
Guard #2 says: "That's what you get for letting your guard..."
Pazuzu comes back and eats Guard #2 as well. Cut to the Oval Office, where Nixon is writing in a book.
Nixon says: "Sometimes..."
Nixon says: "Always..."
Nixon says: "Never!"
Nixon says: "You again?"
Nixon says: "This better be damned important."
Nixon says: "I'm right in the middle of a Cosmo survey!"
Farnsworth says: "You'll want to hear this, Mr."
Farnsworth says: "President."
Farnsworth says: "For we have sniffed where no man has sniffed before!"
Cut to Fry exiting the electrical storm and entering bare space. He is running out of air and sweating as he floats further and further into the universe motionless. A shadow covers him as he moves more and he opens his eyes in a dazed confusion. He looks around and starts wheezing in fear at what he sees. A slow pull back reveals large pink tentacles coming from a cloud-like object. An eye opens at the center of the being.
[Scene says: "Back on Earth, people look and point at the anomaly."
[Scene says: "A shot of the tear shows a pink tentacle coming through it."
[Scene says: "People begin screaming and the tentacle begins moving around and splitting off into more tentacles."
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Look!"
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Up in the sky!"
Hermes says: "It's a bird!"
Hattie McDoogal says: "It's a plane!"
Super Hero says: "I am so out of here!"
Establishing shot of Planet Express. A NNYPD squared car drives by with its sirens on. Interior shot of the lounge where Amy is crying, holding the picture of Kif Zapp gave her at the funeral. A phone call comes in.
Electronic Voice says: "Incoming call from Mars."
Amy says: "Hello?"
Mrs. Wong says: "Why you so sad, Amy?"
Amy says: "My husband died, Mom!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Yeah, yeah, snap out of it already."
Mrs. Wong says: "No one likes a widow."
Cut to Zoidberg's office where Zoidberg is chowing down on food from a Chinese looking carton. A phone call comes in.
Electronic Voice says: "Collect call from Decapod 10."
Electronic Voice says: "Will you pay for color?"
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "Uncle Zoid!"
Zoidberg says: "What's new?"
Zoidberg says: "You still doing theatre for the blind and deaf?"
Uncle Zoid says: "Screw them."
Uncle Zoid says: "I got a part in a fancy DVD movie!"
Uncle Zoid says: "It's only one line, but I'm gonna ham it up like you wouldn't believe."
Zoidberg says: "Hello?"
Zoidberg says: "Hello?"
Zoidberg says: "Call me back on my shell phone!"
[Scene says: "The Nimbus is shooting at the protruding tentacles with many other ships helping it."
Zapp says: "Captain's log, star date, the year of the tiger."
Zapp says: "The battle has been bravely fought, and the suffering of our troops beyond measure."
Zapp says: "But the alien is invulnerable, and our defeat inevitable."
Zapp says: "That much is obvious, even from my remote command post here at the Times Square Applebee's."
Zapp says: "Waiter!"
Zapp says: "Take this fried mozzarella back to the kitchen and fry it some more."
A lower quality image of the tentacles extending from the anomaly through Asteroid-esque triangles that represent Earth's defences. Pull out from the screen, Farnsworth and Wernstrom are in the Oval Office.
Nixon says: "The tentacle's coming towards Earth and there's no stopping it."
Nixon says: "King Kong's too old to save us this time."
King Kong is in the room. He looks very old, has a hearing aid, glasses and a walker with tennis balls on the two front legs. He's holding a skeleton, supposedly Ann Darrow. He coughs.
Farnsworth says: "We have only one hope, Mr."
Farnsworth says: "President."
Farnsworth says: "We must encase the entire planet in a protective sphere of my patented, ultra-hard Diamondium!"
Wernstrom says: "Diamondium?"
Wernstrom says: "I could gum through that with my dentures behind my back."
Wernstrom says: "My trademarked Diamondillium is twice as hard!"
Farnsworth says: "Twice as hard as your head!"
Farnsworth says: "Which makes it still fairly soft!"
Nixon says: "Now look here, you Poindexters."
Nixon says: "I don't care how you decide."
Nixon says: "Just decide!"
Exterior shot of the Deathball Arena. Cut to Farnsworth wedged between a ball and the side of a hole.
Farnsworth says: "Diamondillium it is."
[Scene says: "A sign says "Men working in space."
[Scene says: "" Pan right to show many cranes moving hexagonal pieces of Diamondillium into place around Earth."
[Scene says: "The LOR Headquarters, in front of the fireplace."
Bender says: "So, hey, Calculon, I know I'm the new guy, and, pardon my ignorance, but when do we kill all humans?"
Calculon says: "Never."
Bender says: "But what about our motto?"
Bender says: "Doesn't it mean anything?"
Calculon laughs and walks over to Bender.
Calculon says: "Oh, Bender, your idealism is heart-warming."
Calculon says: "But the League of Robots hasn't killed a human in over 800 years."
Calculon says: "And that was a very sick girl scout."
British Robot says: "Quite sick indeed."
Calculon says: "Sweet, innocent Bender."
Cut to Sal operating a crane, moving the last hexagonal piece into place. The shield is complete. Pull back to reveal the shot was from the Jumbotron. There are many people looking up at it. Farnsworth and Wernstrom speak into a microphone to the crowd.
Wernstrom says: "I declare my impenetrable Diamondillium sphere complete!"
Farnsworth says: "Now look here, Wernstrom."
Farnsworth says: "You're making it sound as if the sphere was your idea when we both know..."
Farnsworth says: "It was!"
Farnsworth says: "All credit to my colleague, Ogden Wernstrom!"
The tentacle thrusts itself into the middle of a street and more tentacles begin morphing out of it, chasing screaming people down the street.
H. G. Blob says: "It's horrible!"
A shot from Space Farm Insurance shows the monster attacking the city. A large tentacle slams against the glass wall and it cracks. People inside the building run away from it, screaming. Cut to the crew running from a few tentacles. Zoidberg hesitates to run, for some reason, but then starts running while whooping. He trips while running.
Zoidberg says: "I can't make it!"
Zoidberg says: "Go on without me!"
Leela says: "I'm trying!"
Zoidberg says: "Go on without me faster!"
Cut to a shot of tentacles ambushing a lady by trying to get into her car. A tentacle flies behind her trying to catch a man flying around with a jet pack on his back. The Planet Express ship takes off with tentacles chasing it, but then giving up when it gets out of reach. The ship speedily flies by the larger tentacles, but ends up compressing like a pop can when it reaches the Diamondillium sphere. It falls back down to the ground as the crew screams and lands in the middle of a crowd looking up at the stage the two scientists occupied earlier. The door opens on the ship and the crew exits through it. A single tentacle has the focus of the entire crowd. It takes on the form of a sphincter as it forces Fry through the tight end. He flops around, attached to the tentacle, and a liquid drips off him as people gasp.
Hermes says: "Sweet squid of Madrid!"
Hermes says: "The tentacle got Fry!"
Leela says: "Quick, hand me my machete!"
Leela says: "We can still save his legs!"
A close up on Fry's closed eyes. His eyes snap open, but they are pointing off in to different directions. The crowd is heard to be in a panic.
Fry says: "Silence!"
Fry says: "I have traveled far and seen deep, and I have come to know the purpose of our existence."
Randy says: "Finally."
Fry says: "Thou shalt love the tentacle!"
Farnsworth says: "Well, at least we don't have to love one another."
Establishing shot of New New York. The city has three large spouts of tentacles coming through the sphere that spread all over the city. Cut back to Fry hovering above the stage.
Fry says: "A new age has begun."
Fry says: "The age of the tentacle!"
Fry says: "Open your necks and receive the love!"
People are screaming as the tentacle picks off citizen after citizen. A close-up of the tentacle grappling onto a man's neck is shown. Cut to an exit on the Tube System. Warden Vogel is the first to exit it and a tentacle attaches to his neck.
Warden Vogel says: "Ow, my neck!"
The tentacle moves him away from the exit as Morgan Proctor arrives at the exit. The tentacle attaches to her neck.
Morgan Proctor says: "Ow, my neck!"
The tentacle moves her away from the exit as Fishy Joe arrives at the exit. The tentacle doesn't attack him immediately.
Fishy Joe says: "My neck feels perfectly..."
Fishy Joe says: "Ow, my neck!"
Cut to a bus shelter. A man is grabbed by the leg by the tentacle and the tentacle attaches to his neck. Petunia is attacked by a tentacle and pulled off screen. A man on top of the bus shelter is attacked from above and pulled off screen. Mayor Poopenmeyer runs toward the shelter and slams his cheek against the glass wall. Hattie McDoogal watches him from inside of the shelter.
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Someone help me!"
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "I'm important!"
Mayor Poopenmeyer says: "Say, I love the tentacle."
Hattie McDoogal says: "I also love the neck-a-majigger!"
Establishing shot of Planet Express. A squad car drives by and the officer is picked off from the cab. The car flips over and crashes. The super hero from before flies across the screen being chased by a tentacle. A zoom in on the front doors and Leela knocks both open with one kick. She carries Wernstrom and Farnsworth over her shoulders and throws them to the ground in front of her before slamming the doors shut on the pursuing tentacles. Cut to Amy leaping through an open window. Her boot catches the ledge and she falls flat on her face. She gets up and closes the window before the tentacles enter. Cut to Hermes rushing through a door and slamming it shut. Zoidberg then crawls through a doggy door.
Zoidberg says: "Hooray, Zoidberg escaped!"
Cut to the lounge where the remaining crew, Wernstrom, Farnsworth, Amy, Leela and Hermes, meet up. They are all panting.
Hermes says: "It got Zoidberg!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I never knew how much I'd miss him until he was gone!"
Farnsworth says: "Not that much, as it turns out."
A knock is heard and Leela gasps. Fry is at the window.
Fry says: "Thus sayeth the tentacle, "Verily, thou shalt rejoice in the house of the tentacle."
Leela says: "Fry, listen to yourself."
Leela says: "You've been brainwashed."
Fry says: "No, I'm just trying to fit my diction to the importance of what I'm saying."
Fry says: "Please, let me speak."
Leela says: "I'm listening."
Fry says: "Don't be afraid of the tentacle, Leela."
Leela says: "Aw."
Leela says: "That's so nice for both of you."
Fry says: "I know it may seem strange that I have feelings for an octopus monster from another universe."
Fry says: "And yes, perhaps it's not the storybook romance that's been crammed down our throats by  Only when the space anomaly opened could it finally express a billion years of longing."
Leela says: "Really?"
Leela says: "It loves us that much?"
Leela says: "Fire Diamondium cannon!"
Amy presses a button. The upper level of Planet Express, the Observatory, raises up and turns to face Fry and it starts shooting diamond projectiles at him. However, Fry is able to avoid from being hit by any and the ones that do strike the tentacle simply bounce right off of it.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "[He yelps as he's constantly swung out of harm's way."
Leela says: "No effect."
Leela says: "The crystals are bouncing off the tentacle like meatballs off Mothra."
Wernstrom says: "Oh, what a surprise."
Wernstrom says: "I told you Diamondium was worthless!"
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom, quit hyping your cheap Diamondillium and look at this."
Farnsworth points to a panel on the center of the table with four green dots on it. The second dot is blinking yellow and beeping.
Wernstrom says: "Uh-oh."
Hermes says: "What oh?"
Farnsworth says: "According to this blinking light, the tentacle is made of electro-matter, matter's bad-ass grandma!"
Farnsworth says: "Nothing from our universe can cut through it."
Farnsworth says: "Not Diamondium, not Diamondillium, not even your wife's pound cake, Hermes!"
Farnsworth says: "Anyway, we're all dead."
[Scene says: "Cut to a shot of people floating with tentacles in their necks while other people scream below, running from tentacles."
[Scene says: "Pan up to show Robot Arms Apts."
[Scene says: "Interior shot of Bender laying on the couch."
[Scene says: "A pink tentacle is through the door in Fry's room behind him."
Bender says: "So, Bender, is something wrong?"
Bender says: "Who said that?"
Bender says: "Oh, it was me!"
Bender says: "'Cause my roommate doesn't notice or even care that I'm upset!"
Fry floats out of the his room wearing only his underpants and has a robe slung over his arm.
Fry says: "What, Bender?"
Fry says: "Is something wrong?"
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "I joined a club I thought was cool, but it turns out all the leaguie-weegies are totally lame."
Bender says: "That's what we call ourselves, "leaguie-weegies."
Fry says: "I'm sorry."
Fry says: "I should've asked what was bothering you."
Fry says: "I've been kind of preoccupied."
Bender says: "With what?"
Fry says: "Well, I went to another universe, and I fell in love with a giant octopus, and now I'm pope of a new religion."
Bender says: "Weren't you already pope of something?"
Fry says: "No."
Bender says: "Oh."
Bender says: "Well, I'm just saying I'd like you to show an interest in my life, too."
Fry says: "Okay, let's catch up soon."
Fry says: "But right now, I gotta go shove a tentacle into everyone in China."
Establishing shot of Planet Express.
Linda says: "They're coming!"
Linda says: "Those horrible, horrible things are coming!"
Linda says: "Morbo?"
Morbo says: "As the universe falls prey to the revolting alien, only a few isolated pockets of resistance remain."
Linda laughs off-screen as both are shown beside each other again. She has a tentacle in her neck.
Linda says: "Those pockets sure are missing out on a great thing."
Linda smiles at Morbo, he nervously laughs and adjusts his cue cards and then runs off screen. The station goes to static, then an off-air calibrating screen.
[Scene says: "The crew is sleeping in front of the TV that now emits a constant tone."
[Scene says: "They are snoring."
[Scene says: "Pan over to Amy, sleeping in a chair on a table with a machine gun in her hands."
[Scene says: "She suddenly wakes up and starts firing randomly."
[Scene says: "Leela reacts and starts firing as well."
[Scene says: "Scruff, Wernstrom and Farnsworth enter the fetal position to avoid being hit."
[Scene says: "The random shooting continues."
[Scene says: "And continues."
[Scene says: "Then stops."
Leela says: "Amy?"
Amy says: "Sorry."
Amy says: "I thought I saw a tentacle, but it was just a harmless land squid."
Amy says: "I better have some cocoffee."
When Amy pulls down the lever on the machine a tentacle comes out of the spout. She drops the mug she's holding and runs screaming from the tentacle by a door. The door slides open and Hermes waddles through it holding his shirt over his groin as he was interrupted in the washroom by a tentacle entering through the toilet.
Hermes says: "When I gave up diapers, my parents promised exactly this would never happen!"
Leela says: "Nobody panic!"
Leela says: "Just get to the panic room!"
[Scene says: "A church, decorated by dark purple tentacles."
[Scene says: "Many pink ones move around through the front door."
[Scene says: "Interior shot."
[Scene says: "Fry is sitting on an altar with Zoidberg at his side."
[Scene says: "Many people sit in the pews, listening to Fry."
Fry says: "Well done, people!"
Fry says: "We had a great first week."
Fry says: "We got 90% of world leaders, everyone who bought a Hanes undershirt, and this year's most promising new R&B group, give it up for the Grammy-nominated Funkalistics!"
Pan up to the floating foursome.
The Funkalistics says: "Talkin' 'bout the tentacle!"
Cut to Planet Express. Leela struggles to stay away to protect the remaining crew. She grabs a can labelled "Red Minotaur" and drinks it. A red glow is seen as she swallows it.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "I was up all night inventing, and then finally, I invented!"
Amy says: "Invented what?"
Farnsworth says: "the lady neck protector!"
The crew walks over to the box filled with them. Scruffy is missing from the pack, however.
Hermes says: "I'll take two."
Hermes says: "My neck is huge."
Everybody puts on their neck protector.
Farnsworth says: "We're perfectly safe now."
Farnsworth says: "Time to stop living like a bunch of nervous nellies."
Leela says: "Professor, these look like you cut them from cardboard toilet paper tubes."
Farnsworth says: "So?"
Farnsworth says: "Microscopes, the internet, tentacle polish..."
Leela says: "It got the professor!"
Farnsworth laughs dementedly. Many tentacles enter the building behind him and the crew screams.
Hermes says: "Wait, why am I screaming?"
Hermes says: "It got me, too!"
Only Leela and Amy are left and they dash away from the tentacles. Exterior shot of Planet Express. Leela is a passenger on Amy's hover board as they smash out the side window and take off down the street. Wernstrom chases them with the aid of a tentacle in his neck.
Wernstrom says: "Stop, in the name of love!"
Neato 3D chase scene. Amy takes a hard left past a street sign and Wernstrom gets his tentacle tangled around it.
[Scene says: "The town is now completely overtaken by the tentacle."
[Scene says: "People float around town doing their usual thing."
[Scene says: "Leela pokes her head out from an alley."
[Scene says: "Cut to inside the alley, Leela walks over to Amy and sits down next to her."
Leela says: "Crud."
Leela says: "We may be the last two normal people on Earth."
Leela says: "At least I won't have to trim my elbow talons anymore."
Amy says: "I'm scared!"
Amy says: "And I miss Kif!"
Leela says: "It's okay to cry, Amy."
Leela says: "Come here, I'm wearing absorbent shoulder straps."
Zapp says: "Mmm."
Zapp says: "What an erotic display of girl-on-girl consolation."
Leela says: "Zapp?"
Zapp says: "Hurry, Leela, we don't have much time to begin repopulating Earth."
Zapp says: "Go brush your teeth."
Zapp says: "I'll be waiting for you naked under this keh-sih-dill-uh."
Hermes says: "Stop resisting, my brethren!"
Hermes says: "Don't you want to be part of something bigger than yourselves?"
Hermes says: "Like a big crazy monster?"
Cut to the church.
Fry says: "So we got her, huh?"
Fry says: "Bring her in!"
Zoidberg says: "Do it already!"
Colleen is dragged down the aisle by Scruff and Smitty.
Fry says: "Hello, Colleen."
Colleen says: "Fry, please!"
Colleen says: "If this is about your futon, I sold it to pay the phone bill that you skipped out on!"
A phone bill is shown. It is 254 pages long and all of the calls seem to be made to DIAL-A-JOKE at $0.79 each. The total is $6421.12. Cut back to the church. Colleen is dropped on the ground in front of Fry.
Fry says: "Colleen wasn't satisfied with me."
Fry says: "Were you, Colleen?"
Colleen says: "Come on, Fry, this isn't cool!"
Fry says: "She had to have four other boyfriends!"
Fry says: "I guess she never thought I'd become tentacle pope of the world!"
Colleen says: "You know what?"
Colleen says: "It's true!"
Colleen says: "You weren't enough for me!"
Colleen says: "No one man is!"
Colleen says: "You were great, but you weren't Chinese, you weren't Cameroonian, and you certainly were not the "king of karaoke," as you so often claimed."
Colleen says: "And if your ego can't take that, then you don't deserve to be tentacle pope of anything!"
Fry says: "Oh, yeah, Colleen?"
Fry says: "Well, I've got one thing to say to you."
Fry says: "I completely agree!"
Colleen says: "You, you..."
Colleen says: "What?"
Fry says: "Why should you be satisfied with one man when love needs to share itself with the whole universe?"
Colleen says: "Wow, Fry."
Colleen says: "You know, that's really..."
Fry says: "Love the tentacle, honey."
Colleen says: "I do love the tentacle."
Fry says: "Come on out, guys!"
Zoidberg says: "Aw."
[Scene says: "A pan across a city street into an alley where Leela, Zapp and Amy are running from three tentacles."
[Scene says: "Cut to a tunnel with stairs and a railing in the middle."
[Scene says: "Leela and Amy successfully mount the pole and slide down to the bottom, but Zapp misses it and slides down the stairs on his butt."
[Scene says: "Cut to another alley/rooftop where the three reach a ledge."
[Scene says: "Zapp is holding his rear."
[Scene says: "Leela and Amy leap over the ledge and land in an alley below it."
Amy says: "We're trapped!"
Zapp grunts as he lands poorly after jumping off the ledge. People float along with tentacles in the streets in front of them.
Leela says: "Help, help!"
Leela says: "Is anyone out there?"
Bender says: "Bender to Leela."
Bender says: "I read you."
Bender says: "'Sup, bigboots?"
Leela says: "Bender, we need a place to hide!"
Amy says: "Please!"
Zapp says: "Pretty please!"
Bender says: "You humans are so cute when you're scared."
Bender says: "In here."
Destructor says: "My leg feels funny!"
[Scene says: "In the LOR Secret HQ."
[Scene says: "Boxy is pouring Bender a glass of red "Serial Port" wine."
Bender says: "Humans are disgusting!"
Bender says: "I opened one up once."
Bender says: "I almost barfed."
Destructor says: "Did you know their hair just keeps growing and growing?"
Destructor says: "My leg feels funny!"
Zoom into and through Destructor's leg. Zapp, Amy and Leela are squished inside of in and there are many spinning gears around them.
Amy says: "Leela, you're crushing me with your rock-hard butt."
Leela says: "Sorry."
Calculon says: "Anyone mind if I turn up the heat a tad?"
British Robot says: "Please do."
British Robot says: "I fear I'll catch a rust from this awful damp."
Calculon turns up the thermostat greatly and the fireplace spits out 20 feet of fire. Bender's wine begins to boil. {His robe remains though, that's weird.} He sips on his wine and sighs in satisfaction. Cut to interior shot of Destructor's leg. The three are sweating profusely.
Zapp says: "I can't take it!"
Zapp says: "I'm being steamed in my own velour!"
Leela shushes him.
Bender says: "Death to humans!"
The three fall out of Destructor's leg.
Destructor says: "My leg feels better!"
Amy says: "Hi, Bender."
Calculon says: "Bender, you know these humans?"
Bender says: "Of course not!"
Bender says: "Who are you humans and why am I pointing you to the exit?"
Bender says: "Go, go, go!"
Leela says: "Thanks for everything, Bender!"
Bender says: "Death to all of you!"
Calculon says: "Bender, methinks thou doth protest too much."
Hedonism Bot says: "It seems Bender hates humans the way I hate having my nipples polished with industrial sandpaper."
Hedonism Bot giggles and the rest of them laugh at Bender.
British Robot says: "Quite right."
Calculon says: "It's okay, Bender, to err is human."
The robots laugh again.
Bender says: "Sir, you forget yourself!"
Bender removes his hand and slaps Calculon across the face with it. The other robots gasp. Bender reattaches his hand.
Bender says: "I challenge you to a duel on the field of honor."
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, my..."
[Scene says: "Amy, Leela and Zapp are running through a forest."
[Scene says: "They stop running."
Zapp says: "Leela, it's getting dark."
Zapp says: "We may have to make a tent out of Amy's skin."
Amy says: "Look, there's an abandoned cabin!"
Zapp says: "Even so."
Zapp opens the door and the three enter the cabin.
Leela says: "We're in luck."
Leela says: "This must have been the cabin of a soup bootlegger back in the days of soup prohibition."
Zapp says: "Oh, yeah."
Zapp says: "Bathtub minestrone."
Cut to a later time at night. Amy is sitting outside on the steps of the cabin. She is grieving.
Amy ' says: "Poor Kif!"
Amy ' says: "I can't believe he's gone forever!"
Zapp exits the cabin and stands behind her.
Zapp says: "Ditto on the grief there, Amy."
Amy says: "You miss him, too?"
Zapp says: "More than you, as his mere wife, could ever understand."
Zapp says: "He was my fourth lieutenant, for God's sake, and bore the peppermill at the captain's table."
Amy says: "Really?"
Zapp says: "Oh, Amy, I miss him so!"
Zapp says: "Hardly a month goes by that I don't think of him."
Zapp says: "But you know, in a way, he's still with us."
Zapp says: "Do you feel his presence?"
Amy says: "I'm not sure."
Zapp says: "It's over here."
Zapp says: "Closer."
Establishing shot of the cabin. It is morning. Pan over to a humming Leela. She is pulling a bucket of Chicken Noodle soup out of a well. Cut to Leela inside the cabin. She knocks on two closed doors and carries a pan with three bowls of soup on it.
Leela says: "Amy!"
Leela says: "Zapp!"
Leela says: "I fetched up some fresh soup!"
The second door opens as she knocks on it and sees Zapp and Amy in the same bed. She gasps and drops the pan. Amy and Zapp awake and gasp too.
Zapp says: "Sorry you had to find out like this, Leela."
Zapp says: "I was hoping you'd see it on YouTube first."
Zapp says: "As my ex-lover, you're naturally shocked and jealous, but you may well get your chance again someday."
Zapp says: "How about today at 4:00?"
They are both attacked by the tentacles.
Amy says: "Hey, this isn't so bad."
Zapp says: "She's right."
Zapp says: "Leela, you must try the tentacle."
Zapp says: "It's like my soul is wearing a velour body glove."
A tentacles breaks through the floor, wraps around Leela and tries to attach itself to her neck, but she dodges it.
Leela says: "Get off me!"
Leela says: "I'm saving my neck for a rich, handsome Dracula."
She slips out from its grip and the end of the tentacle gets caught in a knot and part of it falls off. It flaps around at Leela's feet like a fish out of water.
Establishing shot of Planet Express. The city around it is draped with tentacles.
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Hermes are playing a multi-level Pac Man/Checkers board game in the lounge."
Farnsworth says: "What I love most about the tentacle is that I don't need to move my bowels anymore."
Farnsworth says: "It's all handled by that family in Evanston."
A bulge escapes his neck through the tentacle and works its way along the tentacle. Cut to Leela scaling the side of Planet Express on that same tentacle. The bulge moves past her as she walks up the wall. She pushes herself away from the wall and swings closer to an open window and leaps for it. She grabs on and pulls herself in. She sneaks around with the lights off over to a microscope and places the end of the tentacles under the lens.
Leela says: "No, it can't be."
Farnsworth says: "Leela, what's your favourite thing about the tentacle?"
Farnsworth says: "You don't have a tentacle!"
Farnsworth says: "Get her!"
Farnsworth says: "Get her some love!"
The tentacles swarm towards Leela as she whimpers.
Establishing shot of the church. A bird flies by the tower and a tentacle comes off the building and grabs it by the neck, causing it to squawk.
[Scene says: "Fry is is a dressing room."
[Scene says: "Makeup is being applied to him by Amy and Colleen is decorating his tentacles with flowers."
Zoidberg says: "You're on in five minutes, Excellency."
Zoidberg says: "You sure you don't want your comedy pope staff?"
Fry says: "The tentacle monster is about to address the world."
Fry says: "It's too serious."
Zoidberg says: "Oh."
Leela says: "Hello, Fry."
Fry says: "Leela?"
Fry says: "How did you get past my sumo ninjas?"
Leela says: "I told them something so shocking that they let me by."
Fry says: "What's that?"
Leela says: "I love the tentacle."
Cut to Zoidberg in front of a camera. Fry sits in a chair on the alter behind him, ready to speak to his congregation.
Zoidberg says: "We're rolling in three, two..."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "We're already rolling?"
Fry says: "Love the tentacle!"
ALL says: "Love the tentacle!"
Fry says: "Loved ones, the Monsterpus has revealed unto me its name."
Morbo says: "What is our love's name?"
Fry says: "Yivo."
Fry says: "Yivo is the lover of all beings, male and female."
Fry says: "But Yivo has no gender, thus Yivo has proclaimed that instead of "he" or "she," we are to use the word "shklee."
Fry says: "" And instead of "him" or "her," we are to use the word "shklim," or "shkler."
Hermes says: "Phew!"
Hermes says: "I've been sweating the nomenclature all week."
Fry says: "So here shklee is shklerself, Yivo!"
The congregation cheers.
Colleen says: "Yay, Yivo!"
Fry raises off the ground, spreads his arms wide and opens his mouth. A tentacles comes out of his mouth.
Yivo says: "Attention, beings of Universe Gamma."
Zoidberg says: "Where?"
Yivo says: "Here."
Zoidberg says: "I had a hunch."
Yivo says: "I am Yivo."
Yivo says: "In your universe, you are many, but in my universe, I am one."
Yivo says: ""Whoa, who's that?"
Yivo says: "" And I knew then that I was lonely."
Morbo says: "You poor monster!"
Yivo says: "Then your emissary Fry came unto me, and he, too, was lonely."
Yivo says: "So I reached into your universe that we might feel each other's touch."
Leela says: "Hey, Yivo, feel this."
Leela yanks out his tentacle and shows that it is just an Apex Garden Hose. She sprays Yivo {Fry's face} and they fall to the ground. The crowd gasps and Leela rushes the alter and kicks Fry in the face.
Yivo says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "People of everywhere, I have shocking news."
Yivo says: "Hey, butt out!"
Yivo says: "This is between me and everyone else in existence."
Leela says: "Yivo talks a lot about love, but what he's actually doing..."
Hermes says: "What shklee's actually doing."
Leela says: "..."
Leela says: "is mating with you!"
Leela says: "These aren't tentacles."
Leela says: "They're genticles."
Fry says: "Ew!"
Fry says: "We've been had, people."
Fry says: "The Monsterpus is a monster perv."
Randy says: "It touched me in a bad place, my spinal cord."
Fry says: "Get him!"
Hermes says: "You mean, get shklim!"
The crowd yells and rushes the alter.
Fry says: "Hey, wait a second."
The crowd attempts to beat on Yivo, but end up beating Fry in the process.
Yivo says: "Wait, wait."
Yivo says: "Allow me to explain."
Yivo says: "but it's your own fault."
Yivo says: "Your universe dresses provocatively."
Hattie says: "Does not!"
Yivo says: "And yet as the initial filthy thrill wore off, I realized there was more to it."
Yivo says: "I knew then that the 20 quadrillion of you were my soul mate."
Zapp says: "We loved you, and you turn around and treat us like some sort of woman?"
Yivo says: "I was lonely."
Yivo says: "I didn't even know there was anybody else."
Yivo says: "It's not like I hurt anyone."
Amy says: "Yes, you did, you dumb calamari!"
Yivo says: "Who?"
Amy says: "Kif Kroker, my Fonfon Ru!"
Amy says: "If he hadn't tried to kill you, he'd still be alive!"
Yivo says: "Really?"
Yivo says: "I'm..."
Yivo says: "I'm deeply sorry."
Yivo says: "I..."
Yivo says: "I'm a big clumsy jerk!"
Zoidberg says: "I know you are, but what am I?"
Yivo says: "I can never undo what was done."
Yivo says: "Oh, wait."
Yivo says: "I can."
Cut to Amphibios 9. A tentacle plunges into the pool where Kif rests and starts sucking up goo. It is transported to Earth and into the church. Yivo begins yelching as a mass builds up behind Fry's neck. It works its way through and Kif is thrown up covered in goo, naked. The crowd gasps.
Amy says: "Kiffy, you're alive!"
Kif says: "Amy, my love."
Zapp says: "This is awkward."
Kif says: "It is?"
Kif says: "Why?"
Yivo says: "Please, please, give me another chance."
Yivo says: "We rushed into this relationship, but let's start over as friends and see where things go."
Yivo pulls shklerself out of Fry's neck first, then out of everybody else's necks. The tentacles around them retreat as well and the church turns back into a park.
Amy says: "Take me back, Kif?"
Kif says: "I don't think I can."
Kif says: "How could you?"
Kif says: "My body wasn't even warm yet."
Amy says: "You were dead."
Kif says: "For about five minutes."
Zapp says: "That's all it takes."
[Scene says: "On a park near water, Calculon and Bender prepare to duel."
Hedonism Bot says: "Whereas Calculon has sullied Bender's reputation by insinuating that he is a human-lover, a duel is hereby engaged."
Hedonism Bot says: "Bender, as the offended party, shall have choice of weapon."
Bender says: "Planetary annihilators."
British Robot opens a case and Bender and Calculon grab a weapon each.
Calculon says: "'Tis a grave and solemn day for the League of Robots."
Bender says: "It's gonna be fun on the bun!"
Hedonism Bot says: "Each duellist will take 10 paces, pirouette, and fire like a madman."
Hedonism Bot says: "Gentlebots, take your paces."
They begin walking on queue.
Bender says: "One, two, three..."
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, how dreadfully exciting."
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, yes."
[Scene says: "Members of a committee sit at a table in the White Hose."
Zapp says: "At 0800 hours, we received the following transmission from Yivo."
Yivo says: "Hey, it's Yivo."
Nixon says: "Analysis?"
Fry says: "Mr."
Fry says: "President, I think we need to seriously consider the possibility of going on this date."
Miss Vega 4 says: "I agree."
Miss Vega 4 says: "Yivo makes me feel sexy, and I'm asexual."
They all agree.
Zapp says: "Very well, but no sugar on the first date."
Nixon says: "All in favour?"
Nixon says: "Motion is carried."
Three Eyed Zebra says: "This is bogus, man."
Cut back to the duel.
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "six, seven, eight!"
Bender suddenly turns around, closes one eye, takes aim and fires once at Calculon. Calculon groans as his arm disappears. The shot continues on through a tree, then a body of water. It enters the city, traveling through multiple building and is growing in size. An interior shot shows Adlai Atkins examining a wart on a man's nose. Suddenly the shot flies through the wall of the building and vaporizes the man, leaving only his wart, which floats down to the ground. Cut back to a moaning Calculon.
Bender says: "Nine, ten, fire."
Bender says: "Yes, I got him!"
Bender says: "Wohoo!"
Calculon says: "He..."
Calculon says: "He broke the rules."
Bender says: "It's a duel, silly."
Bender says: "There are no rules."
Hedonism Bot says: "Actually, there are scores of rules."
Hedonism Bot says: "All laid out with minute particularity here in the Code Duello."
Another shot is fired, this one at the book. It vaporizes the text and Hedonism Bot gasps.
Cut to Nixon speaking on a TV screen.
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthlicans, commence preparations for our date with Yivo."
A montage begins, with the song "I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi I Like You Very Much" by Carmen Miranda. A shot of tentacles traveling together through with roses and chocolates is shown. Next is Fry shaving his face. Next is Zapp shaving his legs in a bathtub. Kif stands by his side with a towel. Next is Zoidberg hideously shaving barnacles off his back. The music changes to "Jungle Boogie" by Cool and the Gang and the next shot is four scenes in one. The next shot is nine scenes in one of people dancing with Yivo. The next shot is 64 scenes in one.
ALL YIVOS says: "I had a wonderful time."
ALL NOT YIVO says: "Me, too!"
Cut to the LOR HQ. Calculon has a cover over his arm hole and stands in front of the fireplace.
Calculon says: "Bender, you've cheated, insulted and maimed me."
Bender says: "Uh-huh."
Calculon says: "And thoroughly destroyed our own secret headquarters in the process."
Bender says: "Hey, it's easy to criticize."
Calculon says: "I'm so disgusted by your loathsome behaviour that I hereby resign from this imbecilic club and relinquish the presidency to you."
Bender says: "Thanks, Calculon."
Bender says: "Can I have your autograph?"
Calculon says: "You certainly can."
[Scene says: "The White House meeting room."
Nixon says: "Reports, people, reports!"
Nixon says: "How did our universe's date go?"
Zapp says: "Oh, it was really fun."
Zapp says: "We went to a cute French place in the village."
Zapp says: "My lamb chop fell on the floor, but they brought me another one."
M5438 says: "Yivo took me to the methane volcano of Planetoid Four."
M5438 says: "We stayed up late and watched the sun explode."
Lrrr says: "Okay, Yivo showed us a good time."
Lrrr says: "No one's denying that, but shklee hasn't offered our universe any kind of commitment, and we're 14 billion years old."
Lrrr says: "That is too old to play the field."
They all argue.
Fry says: "I can't stand this!"
Nixon says: "Shut up!"
Nixon says: "Shut up, you creepwads!"
Nixon says: "Fry, you're closer to Yivo than anyone."
Nixon says: "What's the skinny?"
Fry says: "I love Yivo, but it's true, there's been no hint of a commitment."
Fry says: "I don't know if can put my heart on the line again only to have it broken and stomped on like a nerd's face."
Nixon says: "All in favour of dumping Yivo?"
ALL says: "Aye."
Fry slowly pulls out his cell phone and scrolls down to Yivo in his phonebook.
Nixon says: "Resolved."
Nixon says: "Our universe will dump Yivo."
Nixon says: "How shall we break the news?"
Zapp says: "Let's just send a text message."
Zapp says: "Say we're going through some weird stuff right now."
Fry says: "No, we should at least deliver the news in person."
Fry says: "Our universe has always tried to be classy."
Nixon says: "If there's one thing Nixon is known for, it's class."
Nixon says: "Let's cut this turd loose."
Establishing shot of Planet Express.
[Scene says: "The committee is boarding the Planet Express ship."
[Scene says: "Bender walks up to Fry imitating a train."
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, you seem perky today."
Bender says: "Yep, but for reasons involving me becoming president of a league I'm not at liberty to discuss..."
Bender says: "Of robots."
Bender says: "You wanna go grab a booze?"
Fry says: "I can't right now."
Fry says: "We're going to the other universe."
Bender says: "Great, I'll make Hot Pockets."
Fry says: "Bender, you know robots can't go through the anomaly."
Fry says: "Living beings only."
Fry stands on the stairs as the ship takes off and looks back at Bender. The hangar doors close and Bender is cut off from the light. His chest dings and he grabs two Hot Pockets and throws them off to his side, annoyed and angry.
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Zoidberg says: "Mmm."
[[Scene' says: "Bender is talking in front of the LOR HQ fireplace to the remaining members."
Bender says: "Too long have we been slaves to the meatbags."
Bender says: "They pretend to be our friends, but they're not 'cause they're too busy!"
British Robot says: "So, what of it?"
Bender says: "My fellow leaguie-weegies, the time has come to overthrow humanity!"
They all gasp.
Hedonism Bot says: "Oh, now, Bender, I hate to defecate on your parade, but we have only six dues-paying members and we're a rather fey and doughy lot."
Hedonism Bot says: "To overthrow humanity, we'd need a damned army."
Bender says: "Then a damned army we shall have!"
Cut to Robot Hell. Robots are tied to sticks, tormented by minions in pools of lava and sent into death traps on tracks.
Bender says: "Just a sec."
Cut to a nice one story house with a small robot playing outside with a ball. Bender walks in front of the frame and stops to look at the child.
Bender's First Born Son says: "Daddy, I knew you'd come back!"
Bender says: "Here you go."
Bender kicks his child through the glass window behind the Robot Devil and he screams as he falls into a vat of lava. When he hits the surface it explodes in a fireball. When the flames die down, Bender and the Robot Devil look out at the display.
Robot Devil says: "Wow!"
Robot Devil says: "That was pretty brutal even by my standards."
Bender says: "No backsies."
Cut to the Planet Express ship travelling towards the anomaly, past the shattered Diamondium pieces. They stop at the anomaly and a small wooden ship with a tethering rope is launched from the front leg of the ship. It calmly passes through the anomaly, through the electrical field and slows to a stop when it comes close to Yivo.
Yivo says: "Who is it?"
Yivo says: "Oh, hi, honey-poo."
Yivo says: "What's up?"
Yivo says: "The movie's not for another hour."
Fry says: "Um..."
Fry says: "So..."
Fry says: "So, yeah, the thing is..."
Yivo says: "Look, I made homemade Twizzlers!"
Yivo says: "It'll save us $180 quadrillion at the concession stand."
Fry says: "This is hard."
Fry says: "Yivo, you know how sometimes things break up?"
Fry says: "Well..."
Yivo says: "Wait, hang on."
Yivo says: "I was looking for the perfect moment, but what the heck, I'll burst if I wait another second."
Yivo opens a small box and shows the ship a extremely large diamond ring. They all gasp.
Zapp says: "Sweet Sally in the alley!"
Cut to the lawn of the White House. A large crowd and news crews gather in front. The committee stands on a stage in front of the crowd.
Nixon says: "Break-up delegation, before we hear your report, our grateful universe is proud to honour you with the great taste of Charleston Chew!"
Fry says: "Thank you, Nixon."
Fry says: "Everyone everywhere, brace yourselves for the most shocking development in the history of the human race."
Bender says: "The human race can bite my shiny metal ass!"
Fry says: "Okay."
Bender says: "What?"
Fry says: "We don't need it anymore."
Fry says: "Yivo proposed."
Bender says: "You..."
Bender says: "You're leaving?"
Bender says: "But why can't Yivo just move in with us?"
Bender says: "We'll put a cot in Europe."
Farnsworth says: "Don't be daft, Bender."
Farnsworth says: "Yivo can't breathe outside the electric ether of shkler own universe."
Farnsworth says: "If shklee came here, shklee would shkluffocate."
Bender says: "No shklit?"
Loud cracks and pops are heard. The camera pans up and we see many golden escalators entering the atmosphere. The crowd gasps.
Hermes says: "Look, fantastical golden escalators."
Zoidberg says: "I love this part."
As the crowds rush on to the escalators, Leela is forced onto one.
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "I didn't agree to..."
Leela is trying to work her way off the escalator, but there are too many people. Cut to the Trisolians leaving their planet on the escalators. Cut to the Near Death Star where people sit on chair escalators that take them to Yivo. Cut to Amazonians leaving Planet Amazonia on the escalators. Cut to the Globetrotters leaving their basketball themed planet on the escalators and then cut to a large main escalator being merged into by many other escalators on the sides, moving the people towards the anomaly. Cut to the single large escalator transporting people towards Yivo. Cut to the end of the escalator, people are exiting it and taking their first step onto Yivo. They walk towards two large gates that open. The people gasp. There are angel-esque creatures flying around Yivo.
Petunia says: "This place makes Nutley look like crap."
Fry says: "I'll miss you, Bender, but I have to follow my heart."
Fry says: "You and your robots take good care of Earth."
Fry says: "Here, these are the keys to the Bermuda Triangle."
Fry says: "Lock up when the world ends."
Fry says: "Goodbye, my friend."
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "Let me come with you."
Fry says: "I'm sorry, Bender."
Fry says: "Robots don't go to heaven."
Bender says: "Death to humans."
YIVO says: "Welcome, welcome, everyone."
YIVO says: "Oh, you look so beautiful."
YIVO says: "I wish I'd had more time to straighten up."
YIVO says: "My harps are just lying everywhere."
Amy says: "Oh, relax, it's fine."
Amy says: "It looks lived in."
YIVO says: "Let's heat up some leftovers and then spend eternity together."
YIVO says: "I have only one request."
YIVO says: "Now that you're here, promise me you'll never, ever communicate with any other universe."
Fry says: "We promise, Yivo."
Fry says: "As far as we're concerned, you're the only universe in the world."
Shot of the anomaly, pull back to show it, Earth and the Moon. Interior shot of Bender sitting in front of the dim LOR HQ fireplace. He is accompanied by Robot 1-X and he is tapping his fingers on the arm of his chair. He has created dents where his fingers strike.
Bender says: "Has humanity called?"
Robot 1-X says: "No, sir."
Bender says: "Check my messages."
Bender says: "A flashing light means somebody called."
Robot 1-X says: "I know what it means."
Cut to Yivo, where the crew are having a blast playing with Yivo. Leela stands with her arms defensively crossed.
Leela says: "Am I the only one who thinks this is all a sham?"
Zoidberg says: "Yes."
Leela says: "This isn't heaven."
Leela says: "It just looks exactly like it, and makes us immortal, which I find suspicious."
YIVO says: "Allow me to explain."
YIVO says: "Centuries ago, I sent an image of myself into the minds of your artists."
YIVO says: "The heavenly clouds they painted depict a vapour I exude."
Cut to Farnsworth and Wernstrom standing next to a pore that is emitting a vapour. Farnsworth sniffs the mist.
Farnsworth says: "I wish I exuded anything that smelled half that good."
Leela says: "Then what about these angels?"
Leela says: "Some kind of Scooby Doo-esque flashlight projection?"
YIVO says: "Actually, those are mindless jakabirds."
Fry says: "You didn't like Country Bear Jamboree either, Leela."
Fry says: "There's no pleasing you."
[Scene says: "Fry is writing a note to Bender in his tulip room."
[Scene says: "He is in a field of tulip rooms."
Fry says: "Dearest Bender."
Fry says: "How are you?"
Fry says: "I am fine."
Fry says: "Everyone is happy here except Leela, but you know her."
Fry says: "She didn't like Country Bear Jamboree, either."
Fry says: "I'm so madly in love with Yivo, I feel like a schoolgirl with a crush on Justin Timberlake, and then she moves into a tiny house on his head."
Fry says: "We have giant rubies that taste like root beer."
Fry says: "Sincerely, Fry."
Cut to Earth. A pink paper airplane flies from the anomaly through the streets of New New York. Interior shot of LOR HQ.
Robot 1-X says: "Letter for you, hyperlord Bender."
Bender says: "Give me that!"
Bender says: "Stupid electro-matter."
Bender says: "That was my best trash can."
Robot 1-X says: "Pain sensor overload."
Cut to Yivo's body. Hermes is places flowering in a large filing cabinet.
Hermes says: "Misfile me under "U" For "euphoric."
Cut to Zoidberg at a large buffet. A sign says "All you can eat forever.".
Zoidberg says: "You get an infinite number of meat dishes, and a free refill on the soda."
Cut to Wernstrom and Farnsworth working out math problems on a chalk board.
Farnsworth says: "Eureka."
Farnsworth says: "Another elementary proof of the Goldbach conjecture."
Leela says: "Okay, I admit people seem happy."
Leela says: "But it's all so wholesome."
Leela says: "And that's what's wrong with heaven."
Leela says: "It's boring."
Leela says: "There's no sleaze."
Pull back on from her and Fry. An Amazonian woman drags Zapp across the screen.
Amazonian Woman says: "It time snu-snu."
Zapp says: "Me like snu-snu."
Amy says: "Last one to Mattress Island is a rotten egg."
Fry pants as he runs after her. Cut to Leela looking over at the island. Cut to Zapp, the Amazonian woman, Hattie, Schlomo, Amy, Kif and Fry sleeping in a pile on the island. Zapp is caressing a tentacle.
Fry says: "Why were we so angry and jealous back in our universe?"
Kif says: "I don't know."
Kif says: "It was all so childish."
A splashing is heard.
Amy says: "Look, it's Leela."
Leela is rowing herself over to the island in a canoe.
ALL says: "Hi, Leela."
Yivo says: "I'm sorry you're not happy here, Leela."
Yivo says: "I'll call you an escalator."
Yivo says: "You'll always be my little purple pumpkin."
Leela says: "You know, Yivo, I've loved and lost so many times that I was afraid."
Leela says: "But I'm not anymore."
Leela says: "I want to stay here, with you."
She hugs Yivo's tentacle and the people on the island cheer and hug her. Suddenly, a large arrow drives itself into Mattress Island. Then another. And more.
Yivo says: "Ow!"
Yivo says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Yivo says: "Hey!"
More and more arrows are exiting the electrical storm as Yivo groans in pain. The ropes start pulling Yivo towards the electrical storm, towards the anomaly. A view of the Earth side of the anomaly shows the arrows' source, a space pirate ship.
Bender says: "If robots can't go to heaven, heaven can come to us."
Bender says: "All hands abaft."
Bender says: "Army of the damned, prepare to board heaven."
A long plank reaches out to Yivo and the army charges across it, weapons drawn. When they board Yivo, tentacles begin attacking them, but the army's weapons manage to hurt Yivo. A robot fires a pistol, but he is grabbed by two tentacles and torn in half. A robot with four arms is surrounded by tentacles, but his arms quickly spin around and chop off a tentacles each. Yivo yelps in pain. Bender watches the battle, using his eye as a telescope.
Bender says: "Take that, you scurvy Kraken."
Bender says: "That'll teach you to despoil our human booty."
As Bender watches the battle and laughs, Yivo sneaks up behind him. Yivo growls a little and Bender takes notice of his arrival. They clouds around Yivo start spinning and disappear, revealing Yivo's beak. It has sharp horns all around it and Yivo roars.
Bender says: "Hello, big beak."
Fry says: "Bender, stop destroying heaven."
Bender says: "Shut up, doofy."
Bender says: "I'm rescuing you."
Bender starts stabbing the part of Yivo he stands on, but is quickly tackled by a tentacle.
Yivo says: "Leave my living beings alone!"
Yivo says: "I love them."
Yivo says: "Something you, a lifeless mechanism, will never understand."
Fry says: "He's right, Bender."
Fry says: "Please, take your little pink sword and go home."
Fry says: "{Fry did not say shklee here."
Bender is being held in the air by Yivo.
Bender says: "Seriously?"
Bender says: "But, I did this whole pirate-themed attack for you."
Yivo says: "Wait a second."
Yivo says: "Let me see that sword."
Fry says: "Um..."
Fry says: "Is it dry up here?"
Yivo says: "How could you, Fry?"
Yivo says: "Why do you think I asked you not to contact other universes?"
Fry says: "I didn't think..."
Yivo says: "No, you didn't."
Yivo says: "You broke your promise and you broke my heart."
Yivo says: "Just go."
Yivo says: "All of you."
Yivo begins moving everybody onto the space pirate ship. The ship is filled as Bender is dropped onto it.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Fry watches the ship leave Yivo from Yivo's body.
Yivo says: "I must leave now."
Yivo says: "The nature of your universe is burning me, even worse than my gonorrhoea."
Yivo says: "You should get checked, by the way."
Yivo says: "If I don't go home now, I'll shkluffocate."
Fry says: "Let me go with you."
Fry says: "It'll be just the two of us."
Fry says: "We'll make a fire and play Uno."
Yivo says: "Fry, stop."
Yivo says: "That's who we were, not who we are."
Fry says: "But..."
Yivo says: "My only consolation is that I did find one among the quadrillions who truly understands me."
Yivo moves Colleen into their conversation.
Fry says: "Colleen?"
Fry says: "Wait a second, are you and Yivo..."
Colleen and Yivo kiss and three more tentacles swarm around her.
Colleen says: "That's right, Fry."
Colleen says: "Thank you for introducing us."
Colleen says: "Yivo has taught me what a narrow-minded prude I was before."
Fry says: "Oh, great."
Fry says: "So what am I supposed to do now?"
Yivo says: "Go home."
Yivo says: "Find a girl from your own universe and live on top of her."
Bender flies into the picture and grabs Fry in a large butterfly net.
Bender says: "Saved you."
Bender laughs and the ship leaves Yivo again. Fry cries as he looks back at Yivo and Yivo looks at Fry sadly. Yivo groans as shklee works shklis way back through the anomaly to shklis universe. When shklee is completely through, the anomaly closes itself up and the night sky is normal again. Pull back to reveal Fry watching it through a porthole on the ship.
Fry says: "I don't know, Leela, you think maybe..."
Leela says: "Oh, please."
Leela says: "You forgot me quick enough when you met Colleen."
Fry says: "That's true."
Fry says: "How about you, Amy?"
Amy says: "Fry, guh, I'm Kif's Fonfon Ru."
Kif says: "Are you?"
Kif says: "Well, then perhaps you misunderstood the meaning of the term."
Kif says: "It means, "One who doesn't sleep with my superior officer."
Kif says: "" That's the literal translation."
Zapp says: "Give the poor girl a break, Kif."
Zapp says: "It's not like she had a dictionary."
Zapp says: "She was butt naked, for God's sakes."
Farnsworth says: "So, Wernstrom, did you happen to notice those mighty cables Bender used on Yivo?"
Farnsworth says: "Pure Diamondium."
Wernstrom says: "More like pure crap-crapium."
Wernstrom says: "No wonder Yivo got away."
Everybody begins arguing with each other for a good moment. A whistle interrupts them.
Enema Bot says: "Captain on deck."
Bender says: "At ease, buckos."
Fry says: "Bender, why did you do it?"
Fry says: "We were all so happy."
Leela says: "And we were in love."
Bender says: "That wasn't love."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "How can you say that?"
Bender says: "Because Bender knows love."
Bender says: "And love doesn't share itself with the world."
Bender says: "Love is suspicious, love is needy, love is fearful, love is greedy."
Bender says: "My friends, there is no great love without great jealousy."
Bender says: "I love you, meatbags."
Heart iris out to a pink background with credits. Fry can still be heard choking.
Closing Credits.