[Opening Credits. Caption says: "If Accidentally Watched, Induce Vomiting."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Bender watches Good Morning Earth on TV."
[Scene says: "A graphic of the sun peeking over the Earth appears on the screen then cuts to Morbo and Linda in the studio."
Morbo says: "Welcome back."
Morbo says: "Our next guest has been teaching the world to cook for over 20 years."
Morbo says: "But apparently my, uh, wife hasn't been listening."
A laughter track is heard and Linda chuckles.
Linda says: "Oh, funny!"
Morbo says: "So, uh, Elzar, what will you be cooking for Morbo to devour with his mighty jaws?"
Elzar says: "Morbo, I'm gonna whip you up a nice, unnameable horror from beyond, with mango chutney."
He lifts a pot onto a hob. Morbo looks inside and radiation flares out of the pot and X-rays his head.
Morbo says: "Pathetic humans, prepare to write down the recipe!"
Bender hums as he stirs a pot of gloop. Enter Fry.
Fry says: "Hey, uh, what's with all the pots and pans?"
Fry says: "You building a wife?"
Bender says: "Part of one."
Bender says: "Meantime, I'm cooking up a tasty Sunday brunch for my best friends."
He takes a bird out of his chest cabinet and swallows it. Shredding, whirring sounds come from inside him and he spits out the bird skeleton. He dusts it off and puts it in a frying pan.
Fry says: "Brunch."
Fry says: "Right."
Fry says: "I'd better warn-- tell-- warntell the others!"
Bender says: "Okey-dokey!"
Fry leaves and Bender covers the bird with a whole tub of Motron's Salt. He opens another tub and adds an extra pinch of it.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The staff sans Fry and Bender are gathered around Farnsworth's lab table looking at a ship in a bottle."
Hermes says: "Ooh!"
Leela says: "Nice!"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, it's a perfect scale model of the universe's largest bottle."
Farnsworth says: "I put a tiny spaceship inside to keep it from being boring."
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
He reaches out to the bottle.
Farnsworth says: "Get--!"
Farnsworth says: "For the last time, Zoidberg, look with your eyes, not with your claws."
He puts the bottle back on the table. Enter Fry.
Fry says: "Brace yourselves."
Fry says: "Bender is making us brunch."
Everyone gasps.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, boy!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, God!"
Farnsworth says: "My tract!"
He clutches his stomach.
Fry says: "He's so proud of his awful cooking."
Fry says: "If we don't eat it he'll be crushed."
Leela says: "Alright, don't panic."
Leela says: "If we can get to the ship, we can fly north and hide under the polar icecaps for a few weeks."
Fry says: "Hurry!"
Farnsworth says: "Good idea!"
Zoidberg says: "What's the hold-up?"
They make for the door. It opens and Bender is standing there stirring a bowl of slop.
Bender says: "Fleeing somewhere?"
Fry clears his throat.
Fry says: "With you blocking the only escape route?"
Fry says: "Don't be silly."
Bender says: "In that case brunch is served!"
Bender says: "Let's go!"
Bender says: "Move it out!"
Bender says: "Stop crying, Leela!"
They all file out and Leela cries. Farnsworth pokes his head through the doorway.
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, are you coming?"
Zoidberg stops reaching for the bottle.
Zoidberg says: "Sure."
Zoidberg says: "Me."
Farnsworth says: "Because I don't want you touching that thing."
Zoidberg says: "I know that."
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "Oh!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table and Bender dishes up."
Bender says: "Today, I've personalised each of your meals."
Bender says: "For example, Amy, you're cute, so I baked you a pony."
Bender says: "Come on!"
Bender says: "Eat!"
Bender says: "I slaved all day over a filthy stove."
He walks into the kitchen.
Hermes says: "This is terrible!"
Farnsworth says: "Good thing I secretly installed this wormhole in the table."
He presses a button and the wormhole opens in the middle of the table. He scrapes his food, human organs, into it.
Amy says: "Where does the other end come out?"
Farnsworth says: "You know, I'm not quite sure."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear me!"
He takes a cloth out of his lab coat and puts his hand in the wormhole and wipes the food from off his head. Enter Bender, humming. His antenna pop-ups and dings like a microwave. He takes something green out of his chest cabinet.
Bender says: "The pie is ready."
Bender says: "You guys like swarms of things, right?"
Things crawl around underneath the pie crust. Enter Zoidberg wearing a uncharacteristic long coat. The lab equipment pokes out from the coat and there is a cuckoo clock behind his head.
Zoidberg says: "Casual hello."
Zoidberg says: "It's me, Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "Act naturally."
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Zoidberg says: "Ouch!"
Zoidberg says: "Get off of me!"
Zoidberg says: "Stop!"
Leela says: "How interesting, Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg."
Leela says: "Do go on."
She scrapes her food into a plant and sits down. Bender doesn't notice. He walks back towards the kitchen, humming. He notices the dead plant.
Bender says: "Hey, check out the palm tree!"
Bender says: "It only gets sick when I cook brunch!"
Bender says: "How's that for a coincidence, Professor?"
Bender says: "With all your precious science!"
He walks through the door.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Bender stirs a mop around in a bucket of filthy water and wrings it out into some glasses."
[Cut to says: "He opens the door a little way and hears Fry talking."
Fry says: "Man, I don't wanna hurt Bender's feelings..."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
Fry says: "But this food actually tastes better as vomit!"
Leela says: "It's unbearable!"
Leela says: "How much do you think it would cost to get my tongue removed?"
Bender stands in the doorway crying. He drops the tray of glasses and runs back into the kitchen. Whatever was in the glasses dissolves the floor.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Locker Room."
[Scene says: "Bender opens his locker and takes out his personalised notepaper headed with "A Note From Bender", "A Ransom Note From Bender" and "A Plea For Attention From Bender"."
[Scene says: "He clicks his finger and a pen comes out and he starts writing on the last paper."
[Scene says: "He looks at the checklist."
[Scene says: ""I Am Committing Suicide", "I Am Getting A Tattoo" and "I Am Running Away"."
[Scene says: "He ticks the last one."
Bender says: "And this time I mean it."
He ticks "And This Time I Mean It".
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Bender walks away from the building with a bindle over his shoulder."
[Scene says: "He throws his chef's hat down and squeaking rats run out of it."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Bender walks down the street still crying."
Bender says: "Aw, who am I kidding?"
Bender says: "It was stupid of me to ever dream of becoming a chef."
Bender says: "I don't have what it takes and nothing can change that."
Bender says: "Then it's settled!"
Bender says: "Elzar will teach me to cook!"
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine: Kitchen."
Elzar says: "Absolutely not."
Bender has his arms wrapped around Elzar's legs.
Bender says: "But I watch your show."
Bender says: "You owe me!"
Elzar says: "I owe you nothing!"
Elzar says: "For starter's, your antenna's in my crotch."
Elzar says: "Also, I hate you."
Elzar says: "Finally, you can't cook for squat."
Bender cries then suddenly stops.
Bender says: "What was the first one again?"
Elzar says: "I hate you."
Bender says: "I thought that was number two."
Elzar says: "I knocked it up a notch."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
He points to the door.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg looks at the broken bottle."
Zoidberg says: "Aw, I'll never recombobulate this ship!"
Zoidberg says: "When the Professor finds out, he'll tear me a new cloaca."
Zoidberg says: "Frame someone!"
Enter Fry.
Fry says: "What up?"
Zoidberg cackles maniacally.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Scene says: "Fry is in the shower with his back to the door."
[Scene says: "Enter Zoidberg."
Fry says: "Sunshine!"
Zoidberg replaces Fry's T-shirt with one with "I Hate Bottles" printed on it and eats the original.
[Scene says: "Rooftops."
[Scene says: "Bender sits on some pipes."
[Scene says: "He has five o'clock rust."
Bender says: "It's over!"
Bender says: "My dream of being a chef is deader than the cat I'm sitting on!"
Two hobos stand next to him.
Dandy Jim says: "Gus, old chum, let's give a friendly welcome to this new robo."
Bender rolls up his sleeves.
Bender says: "What did you call me?"
Gus says: "A robo."
Gus says: "You know?"
Gus says: "A robot-hobo."
Bender says: "Oh, OK."
Bender says: "I thought you said "romo"."
Dandy Jim says: "No offence intended, my filthy friend."
Dandy Jim says: "In fact, why not join us and ride the space rails?"
[Scene says: "Space Train."
[Scene says: "The train heads down a space track carrying trucks from such companies as Baltimore & Orion, Starlight Express and Wrath-Of-Conrail."
[Scene says: "The train heads towards a small planet with a giant prism sticking out of it."
[Scene says: "A truck door opens."
[Scene says: "The hobos are wearing spacesuits and Bender is with them."
Gus says: "Get ready."
Gus says: "We's gonna jump off at that switching prism up ahead."
Dandy Jim says: "We're going nearly the speed of light so, uh, roll when you land."
They jump and the train hits the prism and each truck flies off in a different direction.
[Cut to says: "Planet Surface."
[Cut to says: "The hobos roll when they land and Bender lands on his head."
Bender says: "Ow."
[Scene says: "Bumbase Alpha."
[Scene says: "Hobos and Robos warm themselves around fires."
Gus says: "Welcome to Bumbase Alpha, the biggest hobo jungle in the quadrant."
Bender says: "I've seen bigger."
Bender says: "Oh, wait, I'm thinking of Eugene, Oregon."
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "A pie with hobo-lifting aroma?"
Bender says: "Who baked it?"
Gus says: "Helmut Spargle."
Gus says: "He used to be the greatest chef ever."
Dandy Jim says: "His restaurant was so high-toned, the only way to get reservations was to create a parallel universe where you already had reservations."
Gus says: "Yep."
Gus says: "I once ate there back when I what was a senator."
Bender says: "Yo, Spargle."
Bender says: "If you're such a great cook, how'd you end up in this dump?"
Spargle is a small, bald man with a German accent. He sighs.
Spargle says: "Ages ago I was the host of a TV show..."
Flashback. A younger Helmut Spargle cooks in a studio kitchen.
Spargle says: "Down Home Country Kitchen Mit Helmut Spargle."
Spargle says: "But one day the extreme soda company that sponsored the show decided it was too old-fashioned."
A man dressed in a "Jammin Orange Blast" can suit walks in.
Man says: "Spargle, you're fired!"
Man says: "We need a chef who can attract today's younger more extreme cooking show viewer."
Enter a younger Elzar.
Spargle says: "Elzar!"
Elzar says: "Get lost, old man!"
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Spargle's soufflé collapses.
Spargle says: "Mein soufflé!"
Flashback ends.
Spargle says: "Elzar had been seduced by the dark side of cooking."
Spargle says: "Cilantro, mango salsa, raspberry vinaigrette!"
Bender says: "That twizzler!"
Spargle says: "As for me, I went temporarily insane and vound up here, making pies out of shoes."
Bender says: "My story's a lot like yours only more interesting 'cause it involves robots."
Bender says: "That jerk Elzar ruined my dream of being a chef too."
He eats a piece of Spargle's pie.
Spargle says: "Interesting."
Spargle says: "You wish to become a cook, but as a robot you have no sense of taste."
Bender says: "It's so unfair!"
Bender says: "I have eight other senses, but I'd trade them all, even smission, to be able to taste."
He takes the pie out of his chest cabinet.
Spargle says: "You don't understand."
Spargle says: "Without the distraction of taste, your mind is free to touch the Zen of pure flavour."
Spargle says: "You could become the greatest chef ever."
Bender says: "I could?"
Spargle says: "Yes."
Spargle says: "Just as Beethoven was a great composer because he was deaf."
Bender says: "Or like how Rembrandt was blind and had wooden hands."
Spargle says: "Bender, hear me well."
Spargle says: "I shall train you."
Spargle says: "But first, you must forget everything you know about cooking."
Bender presses a button on his body and he beeps.
Bender says: "Done."
[Montage says: "Bender trains as a chef to Joe Esposito's You're The Best à la The Karate Kid."
[Montage says: "First he learns to peel hovering potatoes blindfolded à la Luke's Jedi training in Star Wars."
[Montage says: "Spargle puts a salad under Bender's ass and Bender grinds some peppercorns by putting them in his mouth and twisting his head."
[Montage says: "The ground pepper drops onto the salad from his ass."
[Montage says: "Spargle gives him the thumbs up."
[Montage says: "Next Bender chops a vegetable very quickly with a knife and ends up chopping up half his arm as well."
[Montage says: "Spargle takes the knife from him, shows it to some hobos and robos and then chops a tomato like in an advertisement for sharp knives."
[Montage says: "The hobos and robos applaud."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth talks on the phone."
Farnsworth says: "That's right, Ricardo."
Farnsworth says: "A ship in a bottle!"
Farnsworth says: "What's that?"
Farnsworth says: "Well hang on, I'll look."
He turns around and gasps. The bottle and ship are in pieces. He drops the phone.
Ricardo says: "Ola?"
Ricardo says: "Professor?"
Ricardo says: "Qué pasa?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Accusing Parlour."
[Scene says: "There is a storm outside."
[Scene says: "It is ten to midnight in the accusing parlour and Farnsworth, Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy, Leela, Fry and Scruffy are assembled in the room."
[Scene says: "Fry sits with his arms crossed and is not wearing his jacket."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth paces in front of the fire with a flipchart to the side of him."
Farnsworth says: "I've gathered you all here in the accusing parlour because one of you is a miniature ship wrecker."
Zoidberg gasps.
Zoidberg says: "I'm acting astonished."
Farnsworth says: "Certain clues suggest that the culprit is none other than our own..."
Farnsworth says: "Philip J."
Farnsworth says: "Fry!"
Everyone gasps. Fry uncrosses his arms revealing his "I Hate Bottles" T-shirt underneath.
Fry says: "What?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, it was a brilliant scheme."
Farnsworth says: "But you made one fatal mistake..."
Farnsworth says: "leaving this confession note."
He holds up a piece of paper with "Fry Confesses" written on it. On the bottom of the paper "From The Desk Of Dr. John Zoidberg, M.D." is printed.
Zoidberg says: "Fry, you scoundrel!"
Fry says: "Well, I don't remember any of that but I don't have the wherewithal to defend myself."
Farnsworth says: "Then I have no choice but to charge you the full cost of the materials: $10."
Zoidberg gasps. Fry takes $10 out of his wallet.
Fry says: "There you go."
Violin strains play and Zoidberg puts his claws to his head.
Zoidberg says: "What have I done?"
[Scene says: "Bumbase Alpha."
[Scene says: "Spargle is seated at a table with hobos and robos gathered around."
[Scene says: "Bender walks out of a hut carrying a tray with a cover on it."
[Scene says: "He hums and puts the tray on the table in front of Spargle."
Spargle says: "Your training is complete, little dessert spoon."
Spargle says: "Now, just as the man who wishes to be world chess champion must win at least one game of chess, so must you serve at least one edible meal."
Spargle says: "of perfect flavour."
The crowd gasps.
Gus says: "Ooh, yeah!"
Bender says: "Slop's on!"
He lifts the lid.
Gus says: "Fine lookin' eats!"
Spargle takes a bite and Bender looks on with anticipation. Spargle chews and the crowd stares. Spargle swallows.
Spargle says: "It is..."
Spargle says: "acceptable."
The hobos cheer.
Bender says: "Yahoo!"
Bender says: "Another thing I'm great at!"
Bender says: "Wait."
Bender says: "Why'd you stop eating, master?"
Spargle says: "Because..."
Spargle says: "my stomach is about to explode."
The crowd gasps.
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "My dinner killed you?"
Bender says: "Oh, man!"
Spargle says: "And using this, you cannot fail."
Bender takes it.
Bender says: "A diamond vial of Mrs."
Bender says: "Dash?"
Spargle says: "Oh!"
Spargle says: "There goes my..."
Spargle says: "life."
He dies and falls face first into the plate of slop. The crowd gasps.
Bender says: "I'll avenge you, master."
Bender says: "I swear, in the presence of these drunken bums, that I shall defeat Elzar!"
Gus says: "Oh, I'm not drunk, I'm mentally ill."
Gus says: "But I likes what what you said!"
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Bender meets his opponent."
Bender says: "Elzar, I'm a walking pile of your unfinished business!"
Bender knocks a spice weasel off Hattie's table and turns to Elzar.
Bender says: "Helmut Spargle has a message for you."
Bender says: "He says  "Ooh, I'm dead!"
Elzar says: "Spargle, huh?"
Elzar says: "What he do, bland himself to death?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "He was eating some food I made and by a crazy coincidence his stomach exploded."
Bender says: "Now I'm here to avenge him."
Elzar says: "OK, but it seems like you're the one who killed him."
Bender says: "Maybe so but you are his sworn enemy."
Bender says: "I challenge you to a battle of the chefs."
He screws off his hand and smacks Elzar with it. The customers gasp.
Customer says: "Scandalous!"
Elzar says: "Very well."
Elzar says: "We'll meet on the ancient televised battleground of Kitchen Coliseum."
Elzar says: "Whosever meal is best will claim the title of Iron Cook."
Bender says: "Iron Cook, eh?"
Bender says: "I can't lose."
Bender says: "I'm 30% iron!"
Bender says: "You're going down!"
Bender says: "Uh, also I had a reservation for one, under "Dr."
Bender says: "Bender"."
[Scene says: "Kitchen Coliseum."
[Scene says: "There are two kitchen areas on either side of the studio and huge pictures of Elzar and Bender in chef gear."
[Scene says: "The room is darkened."
Hiroki says: "Please welcome the superintendent of Kitchen Coliseum, Chairman Koji!"
Hiroki says: "No robot chef has ever competed here but today one has barged his way in to challenge for the title of..."
Birds fly out from under Koji's cloak.
Koji says: "Iron Cookuru!"
Bender and Elzar rise from the under the floor in front of their pictures. The crowd cheers. Fry and the rest of the Planet Express staff watch from the seats.
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "You show 'em!"
In the main part of the studio, Hiroki sits with several celebrities at a long table.
Hiroki says: "Let's meet today's celebrity judges: Captain of the Harlem Globetrotters, Ethan Bubblegum Tate."
Tate says: "Konnichiwa, brother!"
Hiroki says: "TV anchor-monster, Morbo."
Morbo says: "Greetings, pathetic host."
Hiroki says: "And a woman who ended a thousand-year galactic war with her apple dandies, Martha Stewart's head."
Stewart says: "The secret is fresh pork."
Time Lapse.
Hiroki says: "And now, Chairman Koji will present the theme ingredient to be used in every dish today."
Bender says: "If it's chicken, chicken c la king; if it's fish, fish à la king; if it's turkey, fish à la king."
Koji pulls a sheet off the ingredient.
Koji says: "Soylent Greuu!"
The camera faces the soylent green and the caption "Soylent Green" appears.
Hiroki says: "Soylent Green, a classic ingredient of gourmet cooking."
Hiroki says: "And the battle is on."
Hiroki says: "Aki, what's Elzar making?"
Aki says: "Well, Hiroki-san, when I asked him, he asked what business it was of mine and conjectured that my mother was a prostitute."
Stewart says: "In the English countryside many prostitutes decorate their rooms with festive gourds."
Time Lapse. Bender rolls some dough with his hands.
Female Announcer says: "30 minutes to go."
Bender sits on the dough and starts rolling it.
Hiroki says: "Look at Bender roll that dough!"
Tate says: "I've never seen such confident, powerful strokes of the ass!"
Stewart says: "You've never seen mine!"
Tate says: "No, I haven't!"
Time Lapse.
Female Announcer says: "Fifteen minutes remaining."
Elzar gives a signal and Sal rolls a hovercrane into the studio carrying a huge model.
Hiroki says: "The iron cook is bringing in his signature creation, a working pastry replica of downtown Venice."
A cameraman points a camera at the model and a shrimp rows a gondola down the canal singing La donna è mobile. In the audience, a man walks around with a box strapped to his front with $10.00 written in it.
Man says: "Commemorative turkey basters."
Man says: "Get your commemorative turkey basters."
Fry says: "Yo, hook me up."
Fry says: "My turkey is dry and I've tried everything."
Fry says: "Oh, right."
Fry says: "Never mind."
The violin strains play again and Zoidberg puts his claws to his head.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, the guilt!"
Zoidberg says: "The unbearable guilt!"
Female Announcer says: "Fifteen seconds."
Elzar arranges his food on the plates and a man wheels in a rack of spice weasels. Elzar selects one.
Elzar says: "Bam!"
He takes the spice weasel off the rack and gives his food a blast with it.
Female Announcer says: "Ten seconds."
Bender hammers his food and arranges it on a tray. He looks at it and then takes out Spargle's vial.
Bender says: "Master Spargle, if you can hear me up there in that ditch where I left you, this is for you."
He pours some flavour onto the food and a gong sounds.
Koji says: "Time uperuu!"
Time Lapse. A "Tasting" caption appears on the screen.
Hiroki says: "The iron cook Neptunian has gone all out to please the judges."
Hiroki says: "He's even garnished the salad with $100 bills."
Hiroki says: "Let's see what they think."
Elzar puts plates of food in front of Tate and Morbo and scrapes some into Stewart's jar.
Tate says: "Mmm."
Tate says: "Soylent green is my kind of people!"
He eats some more. Morbo sucks up his soylent spaghetti.
Morbo says: "Scrumptious."
Morbo says: "Morbo will store this in his sack for future digestion."
Stewart says: "I'm swimming in my own soylent waste."
Stewart says: "It's a good thing."
The gong sounds again.
Hiroki says: "Next up, challenger Bender."
Hiroki says: "A student of the legendary Helmut Spargle, Bender is some sort of wonderful mechanical man."
Bender puts the plates in from of Tate and Morbo. He scrapes some into Stewart's jar and she completely disappears under it.
Stewart says: "Ooh, delicious!"
Tate says: "This food looks kind of funky, but it tastes kind of fun-kay!"
Morbo says: "The challenger's ugly food has shown us that even hideous things can be sweet on the inside."
He starts crying. Tate hugs him and pats his back.
Time Lapse. The caption "Judgement" appears on the screen.
Hiroki says: "And now, judgement."
Hiroki says: "The winner will become the new iron cook, the loser is doomed to scrub."
Hiroki says: "Whose confection will achieve perfection?"
Hiroki says: "Whose foodstuff will be the good stuff?"
Leela crosses her fingers.
Koji says: "Challengeruu Benderuu!"
Everyone applauds.
Fry says: "Yay!"
Farnsworth says: "That's my robot!"
Farnsworth says: "I own him!"
Bender says: "You honour me, Chairman Koji."
Koji says: "Domo arigato, Mr."
Koji says: "Roboto."
Bender says: "Chairman-san, I came here with one goal: To humiliate Elzar in a large stadium."
Bender says: "I believe I've done that."
On the other side of the studio Elzar scrubs the pots and pans.
Elzar says: "No question."
Bender says: "But the true Zen of flavour is not found in a coliseum."
Bender says: "It is found in a small kitchen, with friends."
Bender says: "That is why I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept only the lesser title of "Zinc Saucier", which I just made up."
Bender says: "Also, it comes with double prize money."
Everyone cheers. Zoidberg runs onto the platform next to Bender and Koji.
Zoidberg says: "Wait!"
Zoidberg says: "Everyone must know: I broke the Professor's bottled ship."
Zoidberg says: "Huh?"
Koji says: "Oh!"
Koji says: "That sword cost 5000 dolluu!"
Zoidberg drops the sword.
Zoidberg says: "Fry did it!"
He runs away, wooping.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The staff watch the show on TV."
[Cut to says: "Bender turns it off."
Bender says: "And that's how I defeated Elzar, thanks to Spargle's magic liquid."
Leela says: "Yes, we were there."
Leela says: "And we just finished watching it again on TV."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "Let me see that vial, Bender."
Farnsworth says: "Good Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "According to the spectrolizer, Spargle's magic ingredient was..."
Farnsworth says: "water."
Farnsworth says: "Ordinary water!"
Everyone gasps.
Hermes says: "No!"
Fry says: "Ah, so the real gift Spargle gave you was confidence."
Fry says: "The confidence to be your best."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, ordinary water."
Farnsworth says: "Laced with nothing more than a few spoonfuls of LSD."
Bender takes the vial.
Bender says: "The important thing is, by my standards, I won fair and square."
Bender says: "Now, who wants brunch?"
Bender says: "Cooked with plenty of..."
Bender says: ""confidence"?"
Leela says: "I'm in!"
Farnsworth says: "I do!"
They all cheer and the episode plays out with a riff from Cream's Sunshine Of Your Love.
Closing Credits.