[Opening Credits. Caption says: "80% Entertainment By Volume."
[Scene says: "A planet, Tweenis 12 hangs in the void of space."
[Scene says: "Glowing cracks appear on the surface."
[Scene says: "There are several explosions and the planet explodes, the shockwave and debris flying out in all directions."
[Scene says: "A group of glowing, flying brains fly away from what is left of the planet."
[Scene says: "A caption tells us Tweenis 12 was one day's brain flight from Earth."
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff are at a pet show."
[Scene says: "There are stalls selling cream, Soylent Chow, Kibbles 'n' Snouts and flea collars for giant fleas."
[Scene says: "Leela carries Nibbler and a big purple bag over her shoulder."
Amy says: "Is Nibbler stoked for the big pet show?"
Leela says: "He ought to be with all the strict training I've been putting him through."
Leela says: "You are so adorable!"
Leela says: "Who wants a ham?"
He takes it and swallows it whole. Farnsworth reads a pamphlet.
Farnsworth says: "Zooka barooka!"
Farnsworth says: "First prize is $500 and a year's supply of dog food!"
Bender says: ""$500", you say?"
Zoidberg says: ""Dog food", you say?"
He licks his tendrils.
Time Lapse. The sheep herding trial has begun. A collie herds four sheep into a pen and the staff watch from the bleachers.
Fry says: "Man, that's dog's gonna be hard to beat."
Fry says: "Look at him bring in the sheep!"
Fry says: "One sheep, two sheep..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "three sheep."
He falls asleep on Farnsworth's shoulder. Farnsworth carries on eating his popcorn.
Leela says: "The dog's good, but our real competition is the Hypno-Toad."
Leela says: "Your turn, Nibbler, honey."
Leela says: "Herd those sheep!"
Nibbler scurries towards the bleating sheep and the staff eagerly watch.
Amy says: "Come on, Nibbler!"
They cringe as Nibbler eats the sheep. He coughs up the bells.
Bender says: "Ma'am, I have a late entry: My hard-shelled wooping terrier, Mr."
Bender says: "Zoidberg."
Zoidberg stands on all-fours and wears a blue cape and a nappy. Bender whips him and he woops. He whips him again and Zoidberg woops and waves his claws in the air.
Time Lapse. The crowd cheers for Zoidberg and Bender. Zoidberg scurries through a tunnel with Bender whipping him as he goes.
Bender says: "Faster!"
Bender says: "Faster."
Zoidberg woops. He comes out of the tunnel, jumps on to a balance beam and somersaults across it. Bender hits him again.
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Suck in that gut!"
Bender says: "You wanna be spayed?"
Time Lapse. Zoidberg stands on a table and a judge inspects him. He looks in his mouth and then tickles his arm. Zoidberg laughs.
Bender says: "Silence, you cur!"
Bender says: "Puff out that brisket!"
Time Lapse. Zoidberg dances for the judges in the talent competition and Bender watches from ringside.
Bender says: "I should be weeping!"
Bender says: "I'm not weeping!"
He chases Zoidberg with the whip and the judges look at each other and shrug.
Time Lapse. Fry, Amy and Farnsworth wander around the rest of the arena and pass Glab with a unicorn-cat. Fry sees what looks like an invisible-dog-leash and laughs.
Fry says: "I love these things!"
It's a real invisible dog and it bites Fry's ankle. He screams. A judge inspects Nibbler on a table.
Leela says: "Shake paws, Nibbler."
Leela says: "Come on, shake."
Leela says: "He might be a little hungry."
Leela says: "Shake, boy."
Leela says: "Usually he's had more ham by now."
Leela says: "Shake!"
Nibbler chirps and sees a kid with a pig-shaped balloon. He licks his lips and jumps onto the balloon, biting into it. It bursts and flies towards the roof. Nibbler falls from it and lands in a bowl of cream. The cream splashes over people and cats jump on them, making the people scream.
Time Lapse. The awards ceremony begins.
Judge #1 says: "Third prize, a party-sized keg of guinea pigs, goes to Dave Spiegel and his owner, Fluffers."
Judge #1 says: "Second prize, this lovely afghan made from an Afghan, goes to Bender and his wooping terrier."
Bender says: "Second place?"
Bender says: "You didn't stick your landing!"
Zoidberg says: "Forgive me, my friend."
Bender says: "Never!"
He whips him again.
Judge #1 says: "And before we announce the winner we have a special award for a first-time contestant: Ms."
Judge #1 says: "Leela and her mystery pet, Nibbler!"
Leela gasps. The crowd applauds.
Leela says: "Me?"
Leela says: "Award?"
Leela says: "Him?"
Leela says: "Me?"
Leela says: "Good?"
Judge #1 says: "That's just the kind of eloquence you'd expect from the owner of Dumbest Pet in Show."
Judge #1 says: "All glory to the Hypno-Toad."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Most of the staff sit around the conference table."
[Scene says: "Nibbler sleeps in Leela's arms."
[Scene says: "She sighs."
Leela says: "Maybe they're right."
Leela says: "Maybe Nibbler is dumb."
Fry says: "Don't listen to them, Leela."
Fry says: "People said I was dumb, but I proved them."
Enter Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "We were supposed to make a delivery to the planet Tweenis 12 but it's been completely destroyed."
Leela says: "Why is that good news?"
Farnsworth says: "They paid in advance."
Comical twang. Bender bangs his chest.
Bender says: "Excuse me."
Hermes says: "This is mighty strange."
Hermes says: "First, the civilisation of Space Rome collapsed, then Don Martin 3 went kaflooie and now Tweenis 12."
The three holographic planets are replaced with red X's.
Fry says: "Looks like this planet is next in line."
Leela says: "That's Earth."
Leela says: "The planet we live on."
Fry says: "I'd hate to be those guys."
Nibbler starts sniffing. He jumps off Leela's lap and whimpers.
Hermes says: "What's got into him?"
Hermes says: "He's twitching like Zoidberg when someone mentions the word "food"."
Zoidberg says: "What, now?"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler jumps out of a window."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "Nibbler, come back!"
[Scene says: "Alley."
[Scene says: "Night has fallen."
[Scene says: "Leela enters the alley carrying another joint."
Leela says: "Too bad Nibbler's not around."
Leela says: "I guess I'll have to eat this raw, dripping ham by myself."
Leela says: "Uh, Nibbler?"
Leela says: "Could you scooch the seat up just a little bit?"
[Scene says: "The next morning the brains fly over New New York, turning buildings a glowing blue by zapping them with rays."
[Scene says: "Seven brains converge on the Planet Express building and turn it blue."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender sits on the couch mumbling and the room glows blue around him."
[Cut to says: "Enter Fry."
Fry says: "Leela back yet?"
Bender says: "Fry, help me!"
Bender says: "My heart stopped beating!"
Fry says: "You don't have a heart; you're a robot."
Bender says: "Sure..."
Bender says: "right."
Bender says: "Robot!"
Bender says: "Oh, Fry!"
Bender says: "My skin's all dry and clanky."
Fry says: "Well, yeah."
Fry says: "Robots are made of metal."
Bender says: "Am I a robot?"
Fry says: "Bender, if this is some kind of scam, I don't get it."
Fry says: "You already have my power of attorney."
He walks off towards the meeting room.
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "My skin!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth has his head between the balls of a Newton's Cradle."
Farnsworth says: "Ow."
Farnsworth says: "Ow."
Farnsworth says: "Ow."
Farnsworth says: "I'm a genius."
Farnsworth says: "Ow."
Farnsworth says: "Ow."
Fry passes through without saying anything.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg crouches on the examination table."
[Scene says: "He sticks one of his tendrils out and tries to clack it with his claw."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry."
Fry says: "Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg, why is everyone acting so weird?"
Zoidberg says: "Zoidy want balloon!"
Zoidberg says: "Want balloon now!"
Zoidberg says: "Zoidy want go outside!"
Fry says: "I just let you back in!"
[Scene says: "Nibbler's Ship."
[Scene says: "The ship flies through space."
[Scene says: "The ship is so small that Leela is squashed into the back."
[Scene says: "The whole top section is a transparent dome."
[Scene says: "Part of Leela's ponytail is caught in it and it blows in the wind outside."
Leela says: "This is unbelievable."
Leela says: "I thought you were a furry little moron."
Leela says: "But here you are flying an adorable spaceship."
Leela says: "If only you could talk."
Leela says: "So every religion is wrong!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes stands in the emergency chemical burn shoulder with his mouth wide open, letting the water run into it."
[Scene says: "The door is open and there is a puddle of water on the floor."
[Scene says: "Fry closes his mouth and pushes his head forward."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Zoidberg, Amy and Farnsworth stare open-mouthed at the TV, though it isn't on."
[Cut to says: "Fry sits on the couch and turns it on."
[Cut to says: "Morbo spins around in his chair and Linda watches."
[Cut to says: "He falls off and she laughs."
Linda says: ""I'm sending in more trains!"
A train crashes into the wreckage and commuters run onto it.
Woman says: "Go!"
Man says: "Wait for me!"
Man says: "Wait for me!"
The picture returns to the studio.
Morbo says: "Morbo can't understand his TelePrompTer."
Morbo says: "He forgot how you say that letter that looks like a man with a hat."
Linda says: "It's a "T"."
Linda says: "It goes "tuh"."
Morbo says: "Hello, little man."
Morbo says: "I will destroy you!"
Fry turns the TV off.
Fry says: "Man, even the news monster is acting strange."
Fry says: "What are we gonna do?"
Farnsworth says: "Duh, I know!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's play the lottery!"
Amy says: "No."
Amy says: "Let's buy Internet stock!"
Zoidberg says: "On margin!"
Zoidberg says: "Zoidy wanna buy on margin!"
Hermes is wrapped in a towel on the other side of the room and holds a piece of wood in front of his face.
Hermes says: "Look at me!"
Hermes says: "I'm invisible!"
Fry says: "Wait a minute!"
Fry says: "I know what's going on here."
Fry says: "You've all become idiots!"
Bender says: "Hey, let's all join the Reform Party!"
Everyone cheers.
Hermes says: "Oh, yeah!"
They run out.
[Scene says: "Nibbler's ship flies towards a planet called Planet Eternium which lies at the exact centre of the universe."
[Scene says: "The continents are shaped like love hearts."
[Scene says: "It lands outside a building called the Hall of Forever, ten miles west of the exact centre of the universe."
[Scene says: "The main part of the building is a dome with an eyestalk on top of it."
[Scene says: "Either side of the dome are two "Rosetta Stone" obelisks with both alien languages carved onto them."
[Scene says: "Hall of Forever."
[Scene says: "Nine of Nibbler's race sit on raised chairs in a dark chamber."
[Scene says: "Enter Nibbler and Leela."
Ken says: "Welcome back, Lord Nibbler, Ambassador to Earth, homeworld of the pizza bagel."
Nibbler says: "Thank you."
Nibbler says: "I bear many receipts for reimbursement."
Fiona says: "The four welcomes of friendship to you as well, Leela."
Fiona says: "We shall manipulate your mind so we appear to be speaking your language."
Fiona says: "Do not be afraid, my child."
She pulls the hood of her robe off her head. Her eyestalk has a little orange bow tied around it.
Leela says: "I'm not afraid."
Fiona says: "Uh, good."
Fiona says: "Good."
Leela says: "So, your real name is Lord Nibbler?"
Leela says: "That's a coincidence."
Nibbler says: "That name is for your sake."
Nibbler says: "In the time it would take to pronounce one letter of my true name, a trillion cosmoses would flair into existence and sink into eternal night."
Leela laughs and pinches Nibbler's cheek.
Leela says: "Oh, you're all so cute!"
Ken says: "No, we're not."
Ken says: "When the universe was forged in the crucible of the Big Bang, our mighty race was already 17 years old."
Leela says: "Aww!"
Fiona growls. The hologram changes and shows a rocky planet with a lightning storm overhead.
Ken says: "For the first millisecond of time, things were OK."
Ken says: "But then there arose a terrible enemy: The Brain Spawn."
A Nibblonian chef opens a door into the chamber.
Nibblonian Chef says: "Lunch is ready."
Ken says: "Then let the feast of a thousand hams begin."
[Cut to says: "Outside Hall of Forever."
[Cut to says: "Chewing and eating noises come from inside and the Nibblonians burp."
[Cut to says: "Hall of Forever."
[Cut to says: "Leela sits on the floor tickling Ken and Fiona like cats."
Leela says: "So why are these Brain Spawn attacking Earth, Nibbler?"
Above Nibbler is a hologram of the Brain Spawn flying around New New York.
Nibbler says: "The Brain Spawn hate all consciousness."
Nibbler says: "The thoughts of others screech at them like the forced laughs of a billion art house movie patrons."
Ken says: "Thus, they travel from world to world making everyone stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe."
Leela says: "Wipe out all thought?"
Leela says: "My God!"
Leela says: "They're like flying televisions."
Fiona says: "And even we are powerless to stop them, fearsome though we are."
She purrs.
Nibbler says: "There is but one being who can resist them."
Nibbler says: "A child of destiny whose bizarre brain wave pattern makes him immune to the Brain Spawn attack."
Nibbler says: "The fate of your world, perhaps all worlds, rests in his special mind."
Leela says: "Now, when you say "special"..."
[Scene says: "Planet Express Balcony."
[Scene says: "Fry stands on the balcony looking at the carnage."
[Scene says: "Buildings burn in the distance, ships fall from the sky and cars crash in the street."
[Scene says: "A man crashes his car into a lamppost, opens the dome and slumps over dead."
[Scene says: "Fry picks up a bullhorn and talks into the wrong end."
Fry says: "Attention, New New Yorkers."
Fry says: "Stop acting so stupid!"
A bird lands on the other end and squawks into it. Fry screams and falls over.
[Scene says: "A large, circular Nibblonian ship orbits the Earth and is flanked by lots of smaller ships."
Ken says: "Nibblonian fleet holding at perimeter of moron zone, formerly known as "Earth"."
[Cut to says: "Nibblonian Ship."
[Cut to says: "The command centre of the ship has a pink motif."
[Cut to says: "Ken, Fiona and Nibbler all sit on one big love-heart-shaped chair in the middle of the room."
Leela says: "Why would Fry be immune to the flying brains?"
Leela says: "Because he doesn't shower?"
Fiona says: "The Brain Spawn suppress intelligence by attacking the delta brain wave."
Fiona says: "Every animal and robot in the universe generates this wave, as do certain trees."
Nibbler says: "Fry, however, does not."
Fiona says: "Somehow he has cobbled together a random assortment of other brain waves into a working mind."
Leela says: "Like a prom dress made from carpet remnants."
Nibbler says: "Yes, like your prom dress."
Ken says: "The Brain Spawn are commanded by a giant, evil brain with a gooey centre of pure hate."
Fiona says: "Only Fry, with his superior, yet inferior mind, can approach him."
Fiona says: "You must tell him to disable it."
Fiona says: "We will do the rest."
Leela says: "You can count on me."
Fiona says: "No, we can't."
Fiona says: "Once on Earth, you will be too stupid to remember the message."
Ken nods.
Nibbler says: "That's why we wrote it down for you."
He pins the note to Leela's top.
Ken says: "We've also prepared a bag lunch and some mittens."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy and Farnsworth are lined up on the couch and Bender stands nearby."
[Scene says: "In front of them, Fry has set up a classroom."
[Scene says: "He has written "Fry's Dumb School" on a blackboard and there is a cardboard box in front of it."
Fry says: "Time to re-educate you dunce-bags."
Fry says: "We'll start with US presidents."
Fry says: "Let's review."
Fry says: "Who was our first president?"
Amy says: "Um."
Bender says: "A pickle jar?"
Washington says: "Thomas Jefferson?"
There is a screeching sound from outside. Leela crashes through the window in Nibbler's ship. It glides to a halt and she steps out of the smoking wreckage.
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "I've been so worried."
Fry says: "Are you a bonehead?"
Leela says: "I..."
Leela says: "have to tell..."
Leela says: "must..."
Leela says: "important..."
Fry says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Fry says: "Slow down."
Fry says: "You're going a mile a minute."
Leela sees the note on her top, takes it off and hands it to him.
Leela says: "This!"
Leela says: "You for this!"
Fry says: "Thanks!"
He blows his nose on it, screws it up and throws it in the fire.
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Fire hot."
Farnsworth says: "The professy will help!"
Farnsworth says: "Fire indeed hot!"
Fry looks around and tips the water from Chester A. Arthur's jar over Farnsworth's arm. Arthur's head falls out and lands on the floor.
Arthur says: "Oh!"
Arthur says: "Chester A."
Arthur says: "Arthur fall down."
Leela says: "Brain."
Leela says: "Brain make people dumb."
Fry says: "No, Leela."
Fry says: "Brain make people smart."
He taps his head. Behind him, two Brain Spawn appear in the broken window. Leela growls and turns him around. He sees the brains and screams.
Leela says: "You go fight biggest brain of all."
Fry says: "Even bigger than those?"
Fry says: "Holy nuts!"
Fry says: "Where is it?"
Leela says: "I 'unno!"
Fry says: "Hm."
Fry says: "A giant brain is basically a giant nerd."
Fry says: "And where would a giant nerd be?"
Fry says: "The libary!"
[Scene says: "Outside New New York Public Library."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela run up the steps and two Brain Spawn fly in and block their path."
[Scene says: "Fry forces them out of the way."
[Scene says: "New New York Public Library Corridors."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela run past a librarian trying to push a book onto a bookshelf sideways."
[Scene says: "They run past Reference Books, Books on Tapeworm and Stephen King: A - Aardvark."
[Scene says: "They come to a stop outside Ancient Literature."
[Scene says: "A purple glow comes from behind the door."
[Scene says: "Fry pushes the door ajar."
[Cut to says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Cut to says: "A big brain hovers over a table, reading books."
Big Brain says: "Pathetic human race."
Big Brain says: "Arranging their knowledge by category just made it easier to absorb."
Big Brain says: "Dewey, you fool, your decimal system has played right into my hands!"
Big Brain says: "What do you want?"
Fry says: "I'm here to kick your ass."
Big Brain says: "Wishful thinking."
Big Brain says: "We have long since evolved beyond the need for asses."
Big Brain says: "Odd."
Big Brain says: "My stupefaction field is having no effect on your ability to think."
Fry says: "That's right."
Fry says: "And I think you'll find that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing!"
Fry says: "Thinking..."
Fry says: "thinking..."
There is a buzzing sound and the Brain shivers.
Big Brain says: "Oh!"
Big Brain says: "Stop that!"
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "Thinking hurts him."
Fry says: "Maybe I can think of a way to use that."
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "Prepare to be thought at."
Fry says: "Leela, give me a topic."
Leela says: "Duh..."
Fry says: "Seriously, I can't think of anything."
Fry says: "Gotta find something to make me think."
Fry says: "Hardy Boys, too easy."
Fry says: "Nancy Drew, too hard."
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "Perfect!"
Fry says: "Bonfire of the Vanities!"
He reads it and the buzzing returns. The Brain sinks into the corner of the room.
Big Brain says: "No!"
Big Brain says: "It's unbearable!"
[Cut to says: "Outside New New York Public Library."
[Cut to says: "The Brain Spawn drop like flies."
[Cut to says: "Nibblonian Ship."
[Cut to says: "The Nibblonians watch this on a screen."
Fiona says: "The brains are weakening."
Fiona says: "Nibblonians to Nibble stations."
Fiona says: "Prepare cuddle bug for deployment in 40 nibblets."
Nibbler sighs.
Nibbler says: "Sometimes I fear we are cute."
Fiona says: "Oh, niggle-snoosh!"
[Scene says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Scene says: "The Big Brain's purple glow has turned green."
[Scene says: "It groans as Fry carries on reading."
Fry says: "Take that!"
Fry says: "And that!"
Fry says: "This sentence I don't understand but take this one!"
Big Brain says: "You have not won yet."
Big Brain says: "Each book in this room is a gateway to a mental realm and I shall take you there and imprison you forever."
It zaps a book and Fry and Leela.
Leela says: "Icky!"
[Cut to says: "Herman Melville's Moby Dick."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Fry are on a dinghy in the middle of the ocean."
Fry says: "Where are we?"
They look around and see Captain Ahab and Queequeg on the boat with them.
Ahab says: "A gold doubloon to the man who first spies the white whale."
The Big Brain rams the side of the boat from the water.
Queequeg says: "Big whale over there."
Ahab says: "Arr!"
Ahab says: "I saw it first!"
He pockets the gold and gives a shifty look. Fry is about to harpoon the brain when Queequeg grabs his arm.
Queequeg says: "Wait!"
Queequeg says: "That no white whale."
Queequeg says: "It grey, think-y whale!"
Fry says: "Queequeg, let go of me!"
Fry says: "I have to kill it!"
Big Brain says: "Farewell!"
Big Brain says: "You will all be trapped in this dense, symbolist tome forever!"
It dives.
Fry says: "Follow him!"
Fry says: "It's our only way out!"
He dives in, followed by Ahab, Queequeg and Leela.
[Cut to says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela struggle in the purple glow."
[Cut to says: "The Brain picks up another book."
[Cut to says: "Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer."
[Cut to says: "Tom Sawyer paints the fence and the characters from Moby Dick are with Fry and Leela."
Fry says: "Excuse me, have you seen a giant brain?"
Tom Sawyer says: "Yep."
Tom Sawyer says: "I let him help me whitewash Aunt Polly's fence."
He pushes open the gate, revealing the Brain wearing a straw hat and painting the fence.
Big Brain says: "Tom Sawyer, you tricked me."
Big Brain says: "This is less fun than previously indicated."
Big Brain says: "Let this corny slice of Americana be your tomb for all eternity."
Tom Sawyer says: "Please, no!"
Fry says: "Come on!"
They chase the Brain.
[Cut to says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Cut to says: "The Brain picks up another book."
[Cut to says: "Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice."
[Cut to says: "Fry is at a stately banquet."
Woman says: "Mr."
Woman says: "Fry, Mama tells us you're quite the oddity; a bachelor at your age."
Fry says: "You think I'm an oddity?"
A door opens.
Butler says: "Presenting the most eligible landowner in all Hertfordshire, Mr."
Butler says: "Brainly."
Enter the smartly-dressed Brain.
Big Brain says: "I'm a gigantic brain!"
People murmur.
Man #1 says: "I say!"
Man #2 says: "Most un-gentleman-like!"
Woman says: "Mr."
Woman says: "Brainly, what news have you of the London season?"
Fry grabs Tom Sawyer's bucket.
Fry says: "Hey, Brain-y!"
Fry says: "Think fast!"
He throws the whitewash at it.
Big Brain says: "I always think fast."
The whitewash hits it and it screams.
Ahab says: "The whale!"
Ahab says: "He be white now!"
He and Queequeg throw harpoons at it and it screams. Ahab breaks off his wooden leg and hits the Brain with it.
Fry says: "Leela, I've got an idea."
Fry says: "Stay here with Queequeg."
He jumps out of the window. Leela looks at Queequeg and strokes her hair.
Leela says: "Is there Mrs."
Leela says: "Queequeg?"
[Cut to says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Cut to says: "Fry pushes and struggles and breaks free of the Brain's glow."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "I'm free!"
Fry says: "Alright, Brain."
Fry says: "Get ready for some electroshock treatment!"
He smashes the bulbs and swings on the light towards the Brain. He misses it by a mile and slams into a bookcase on the other side of the room. He falls to the floor and the bookcase falls on him, crushing him. Leela is freed from the glow. She sees Fry choking and screams.
Leela says: "Fry, don't die!"
Leela says: "Wake up!"
Leela says: "Nooo!"
The Brain laughs. The bookcase and Fry's dead body fade away. Leela is kneeling in the middle of the room and the Brain is still laughing. She looks around and hears Fry's voice. He is writing.
Fry says: "Now he's trapped in a book I wrote; a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors."
Big Brain says: "The Big Brain am winning again."
Big Brain says: "I am the greetest!"
Big Brain says: "Now I am leaving Earth for no raeson!"
It squeezes through the window.
[Cut to says: "Outside New New York Public Library."
[Cut to says: "The Nibblonians watch and cheer."
Nibbler says: "The Big Brain is defeated."
Nibbler says: "Let what must be done be done."
The Nibblonian soldiers eat the other brains that have fallen.
[Cut to says: "New New York Public Library: Ancient Literature."
[Cut to says: "Leela shakes her head as her intelligence returns."
Leela says: "Me..."
Leela says: "feel..."
Leela says: "a bit better in cognitive faculties."
Fry says: "And it's all thanks to the books at my local library."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The rest of the staff sleep as Hermes points to a chart showing the increase in employee sleep during meetings."
Nibbler says: "And so life returned to normal, or as normal as it gets on this primitive dirtball inhabited by psychotic apes."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry reads "Fry Trick The Brain" to Farnsworth but he dismisses it."
Nibbler says: "Thanks to the effect of the brain rays, the people of Earth had no memory of what had transpired, except Fry, and no one believed him or cared what he had to say."
[Scene says: "Leela's Quarters."
[Scene says: "Leela lies on her bed stroking Nibbler, who is back in his cape."
Nibbler says: "I, meanwhile, returned to my post, ever vigilant, lest Earth again come under Brain attack."
Nibbler says: "And when that day comes, God help us."
Nibbler says: "God help us all."
Leela picks him up.
Leela says: "Time for a diap-y change!"
Nibbler says: "End transmission."
Closing Credits.