[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Not a Substitute for Human Interaction."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship is in the Planet Express hangar and Fry and Bender are in the cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry flies a scale model of the ship around and makes whoosh-y noises, then a crackling radio noise."
Fry says: "Giant Space Robot, this is Captain Fry of the USS Planet Express Ship."
Fry says: "We come in peace."
Bender says: "Tough luck!"
He takes a hammer out of his chest cabinet and knocks the ship out of Fry's hands. It lands on the floor and Bender smashes it to bits. He and Fry laugh.
Fry says: "Well, we destroyed the toy spaceship."
Fry says: "Now what are we gonna do?"
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "The keys to the real spaceship."
Fry says: "Do you think we should?"
Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Yes, I do."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "At the conference table Zoidberg reads a book, Hermes sits with an iMac in front of him and Amy eats something with chopsticks."
[Cut to says: "In the kitchen, Leela finishes washing a "Universe's #1 Space Pilot" mug and puts it next to Fry's "Universe's #4307697 Delivery Boy" mug."
Farnsworth says: "Leela, have you seen the keys to the spaceship?"
Leela says: "I must've left them onboard."
Farnsworth says: "Eh, wha?"
Farnsworth says: "I mean, what?"
Leela says: "Relax."
Leela says: "The ship's not going anywhere."
Leela says: "I anchored it with the unbreakable diamond tether."
The ship begins to rumble and slowly rises into the air. Leela and Farnsworth gasp.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The coil of diamond tether starts to run out as the ship gets higher."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
She talks in Chinese.
Hermes says: "Sweet ghost of Babylon."
Zoidberg says: "This isn't good for Zoidberg!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "The ship emerges from the hangar and flies away."
[Cut to says: "The tether tightens and the ship struggles, eventually ripping the building from its foundations."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "Woo, yeah!"
Bender says: "Woo-hoo!"
They laugh.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The other five fly through the air and hit the back wall."
[Scene says: "St."
[Scene says: "Louis."
[Scene says: "The ship flies under the Gateway Arch and loops the loop several times."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express building spins around it and the staff scream from inside."
[Scene says: "San Francisco."
[Scene says: "The building skims the surface of the water by the Golden Gate Bridge."
[Scene says: "Great Wall of China."
[Scene says: "The Chinese ignore the ship as it flies over."
[Scene says: "Seconds afterwards, the building crashes through the wall and the Mongols ride over it, wielding swords."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry sits with his feet on a console while Bender literally flies by the seat of his pants."
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, I'm steering with my ass!"
Fry says: "That's the best thing I ever saw!"
[Scene says: "Pisa."
[Scene says: "The ship knocks the Leaning Tower upright and the locals shout angrily at them and wave their fists."
Italian #1 says: "You stink!"
The building hits it and knocks it at an angle again and the Italians cheer.
Italian #1 says: "Alright, yeah!"
Italian #2 says: "We like you a lot!"
The Leaning Tower topples and crushes some of them.
[Scene says: "New New York City."
[Scene says: "The ship flies past the Statue of Liberty and over Manhattan before lowering the building back onto its foundations and landing in the hangar."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The place is a wreck."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Bender walk down the ships steps, laughing."
Fry says: "That was great!"
Bender says: "And no one suspects a thing!"
Bender says: "And that's how we learned our lesson!"
Fry hides behind him and nods.
Time Lapse. Farnsworth berates them.
Farnsworth says: "You've gone too far this time -- all three of you!"
Leela says: "What did I do?"
Farnsworth says: "You left the keys in the ignition."
Farnsworth says: "I mean, look at those two."
Farnsworth says: "Wasn't it obvious what would happen?"
Fry says: "Yeah, Leela."
Bender says: "We're all very disappointed in you."
Farnsworth says: "I should fire you three right now, but I'm just not that cold-hearted."
He whispers to Hermes.
Hermes says: "You're all fired."
The others' jaws drop.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The three former employees leave through the main door."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Hermes and Farnsworth watch them go."
Zoidberg says: "Good riddance to them."
Zoidberg says: "Now Zoidberg is the popular one!"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, yes!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's all talk to Zoidberg."
Amy says: "Hey, Dr."
Amy says: "Zoidberg, I've been thinking, do you think we could go out?"
Farnsworth says: "So, Zoidberg, what's new?"
Hermes says: "Tell me, Zoidberg: Is it carapace or carapass?"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, you know!"
[Scene says: "Park."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender sit on a bench."
Fry says: "What are we supposed to do for money?"
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "and this picture of me and my old girlfriend, Michelle, and that ski instructor she was just friends with."
In the photo the ski instructor has his arm around Michelle while Fry leans into the photo, waving. Bender unscrews his head and holds it out like a bucket to a passing man.
Bender says: "Pardon me, brother."
Bender says: "Care to donate to the Anti-Mugging-You Fund?"
Bender says: "Ow!"
She puts his head back on.
Leela says: "We don't need to beg, Bender."
Leela says: "For God's sake, we're not veterans!"
Fry says: "Well, what do you suggest?"
Fry says: "A daring daylight robbery of Fort Knox on elephant-back?"
Fry says: "That's the dumbest thing I ever heard!"
Leela says: "No, we can get jobs."
Bender says: "But we just had jobs!"
Leela opens her backpack.
Leela says: "Fortunately, I still have our old career chips."
Fry says: "Our what?"
Leela says: "Career chips."
Leela says: "It's how we met!"
Fry says: "And then what happened?"
She sighs.
Leela says: "Just give me your hand."
She clips him with her implant gun.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Baby!"
Leela says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Ipgee's Office."
[Scene says: "Leela reapplies to the company with the motto "It Seems To Work OK" at exactly 3pm."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender are with her."
Leela says: "I'd like to reapply for my old job: Counselling defrostees and assigning them careers."
Ipgee says: "Oh, I was hoping you would come back!"
Ipgee says: "I even saved your poster of a chimp expressing your distaste for Mondays."
He takes the poster out of his drawer. It has a picture of a monkey wearing a tie on it. Above, "I Hate Mondays" is written.
Leela says: "Monday Monkey lives for the weekend, sir."
Ipgee says: "Just put your hand under the scanner so I can verify your career chip."
Ipgee says: "Calcutta, we have a problem."
["Career says: "Delivery Boy" is on the screen."
Leela says: "Delivery boy?"
Leela says: "I must have mixed up the chips."
Ipgee scans Fry's chip.
Ipgee says: "Oh, here's a cryogenic counsellor!"
Ipgee says: "Do you like Mondays?"
Fry says: "They're OK."
Ipgee says: "Then we'll have to redecorate your office."
Ipgee says: "How do you feel about it helping to be crazy to work here but not being necessary?"
Bender says: "Hey, let's see what it says about me."
He takes a severed human arm out of his chest cabinet and Ipgee scans it. "Prime Minister of Norway" appears on the screen.
Ipgee says: "Welcome aboard, sir."
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
[Scene says: "Terry scrapes some condensation from the front of an active freezer tube."
[Scene says: "Fry is wears a blue uniform and he and Bender both wear white coats."
Terry says: "Remember, when the tube opens, say..."
Terry says: "..."
Terry says: ""Welcome to the world of tomorrow!"
Fry says: "Hey, I was frozen."
Fry says: "I think I know what people wanna hear when they first wake up."
Fry says: "Bathroom's that way."
The man pushes him out of the way and runs.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Probulator Room."
[Scene says: "The man lies naked on the table."
[Scene says: "Sharp instruments hover above him."
Fry says: "So, while you're on the Probulator, tell me what brings you to the future."
Man says: "Oh, well, I wanted to meet Shakespeare and I figured that time was cyclical."
Fry says: "Nope."
Fry says: "Straight line."
Fry says: "Ah, the Probulator's done."
Man says: "That wasn't so bad."
Fry says: "Oh, wait, it hasn't started yet."
Fry says: "OK, it's about to start."
It pings and the man screams some more.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
[Scene says: "A freezer opens and an old man walks out, rubbing his eyes."
[Scene says: "Bender runs towards him wearing a giant fly head and a cape."
Bender says: "Welcome to the future, human slave."
Bender says: "Kill all humans!"
The old man clutches his chest.
Terry says: "Dear God!"
Terry says: "He's having a heart attack!"
Bender pushes the old man into the freezer, turns the dial and freezes him.
Bender says: "Ah, they'll probably find a cure for that in the future."
Terry says: "We have a cure for it now!"
Bender says: "Oh, good."
Bender says: "Then you won't mind if I use this."
He puts a gorilla mask on.
Time Lapse. Fry is frozen in a freezer. It pings, unfreezes him and the door opens. He yawns and stretches.
Fry says: "Nothing like a power nap."
He pours himself a coffee and opens the old man's tube. There are pizza boxes, milk cartons, beers and cans of Slurm stacked around him. Fry pours some milk into his coffee. The old man defrosts.
Old Man says: "Oh, flies!"
Old Man says: "Flies and gorillas!"
Fry hands him the milk and closes the door. The old man freezes again. The door to the Probulator room opens and Bender walks out.
Bender says: "Stay beautiful, doll-face!"
Bender says: "That Probulator sure knows how to please a man."
Bender says: "So, what's for lunch?"
Fry says: "I ordered a pizza."
The door opens and Leela walks in, wearing delivery girl garb. Her cap has a slice of pizza stuck in it.
Leela says: "Pizza delivery for..."
Leela says: "Icy Wiener."
Leela says: "Yeah, very funny."
Leela says: "Now cough up the $12."
Leela says: "95."
Fry says: "Sorry, but if it's not here in half an hour, it's free."
Leela says: "It's only been 23 minutes."
Fry says: "Well, uh, I've got 33 minutes."
Leela puts the pizza box on the table and presses a button on it. The picture of a chef starts to talk.
Chef says: "It's only been a-23 minutes, you dumb a-cannoli."
Chef says: "You got a problem, we can take it outside."
Fry says: "OK, I'll fight the box."
Fry says: "I think I can take him."
Leela says: "Fry, just pay me."
Leela says: "I still owe 30 bucks on this uniform."
Chef says: "35, you stupid meatball."
Time Lapse. Bender and Fry walk past the freezers, looking at a clipboard.
Bender says: "Who should be unfreeze next?"
They pass a commando-type who is holds a gun and is pulling a pin from a grenade.
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "It's Pauly Shore!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
He puts his gorilla mask on.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Probulator Room."
[Scene says: "Pauly Shore lies on the table."
Fry says: "Mr."
Fry says: "Shore, I loved you in Bio-Dome."
Fry says: "You sure caused some trouble in that bubble!"
Shore says: "Rest assured, if it rhymes, I can cause trouble in it."
Fry says: "Hey, now that you're in the future, you can go live in an actual bio-dome!"
Shore says: "An unattractive prospect."
Shore says: "While researching for the role, I ran computer simulations demonstrating, incontrovertibly, that the whole bio-enclosure concept is fundamentally flawed."
Shore says: "Be it expressed via dome, sphere, cube or even a stately tetrahedron, buddy!"
He smacks his lips. Fry stares blankly at him.
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "So, how did you wind up getting frozen?"
Shore says: "Well, while filming Encino Man my intellectual curiosity re: cryogenics was peaked, and I resolved to freeze the weasel."
Fry says: "The weasel?"
He laughs.
Shore says: "Hey, listen, skippy."
Shore says: "I was supposed to be unfrozen in Hollywood for the thousandth anniversary screening of Jury Duty II."
Shore says: "How come I'm not there?"
Fry says: "I woke you up early so we could hang out and do stuff."
Shore says: "Like what?"
Fry turns the Probulator on and Shore screams.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
Fry says: "I love this job."
Bender wears a sheet over his head and looks like a cartoon ghost.
Bender says: "Me too."
A freezer pings.
Fry says: "Showtime!"
Fry says: "I'll pretend to be dying of space plague."
The freezer opens and Fry gasps.
Bender says: "Boo?"
The condensation clears and the woman inside the freezer wakes up.
Fry says: "Michelle!"
Bender looks at the photo inside Fry's wallet.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
He steals some cash and hands the wallet back to Fry.
Michelle says: "Fry?"
Michelle says: "Is it really you?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "Is it really you?"
Michelle says: "What do you mean you don't know?"
Michelle says: "Are you you or not?"
Fry says: "Who wants to know?"
Michelle says: "Oh, Fry, it is you!"
She hugs him and they kiss. Bender makes ghost noises.
Time Lapse. Fry and Michelle are sat down.
Fry says: "I don't get it, Michelle."
Fry says: "The last time I saw you, you were doing great."
Fry says: "You had just dumped me and you were well on your way to getting you life back on track."
Fry says: "Why'd you freeze yourself?"
Michelle says: "Oh, Fry."
Michelle says: "After you left, things took a turn for the worse."
Michelle says: "I got married."
Fry says: "I'm sorry."
Flashback. At Michelle's wedding, her new husband slips a ring onto her finger and they kiss.
Michelle says: "I put him through law school by working as a dog walker for antisocial dogs."
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "Sorry."
Flashback. The scene moves to Charles' graduation.
Michelle says: "But soon after Charles graduated, our marriage ran into difficulties."
Charles throws his hat into the air and Michelle catches it and sees him kissing another woman.
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "Uh, sorry."
Flashback. Michelle walks the streets alone at night.
Michelle says: "Desperately depressed, I turned to the one thing that could lessen my pain: A carnival."
Michelle says: "Unfortunately, a corn dog bone got lodged in the control panel of the Spizzler, and I had to ride it for eight hours."
Fry says: "Sorry."
Michelle says: "But it did give me a chance to think..."
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "I'm sorry."
Michelle says: "And I remembered the last time I was truly happy; when I was with you."
Fry says: "Aww."
Fry says: "So you froze yourself to come look for me?"
Michelle says: "No, I did it to get a fresh start."
Michelle says: "I didn't know what had happened to you -- no one did."
Michelle says: "The police were going to conduct a search but your parents felt it was a waste of taxpayer money."
Fry says: "That's the same reason they kept me out of school."
Fry says: "So, no one even cared that I was gone?"
Michelle says: "Not really."
Michelle says: "Except for one person."
She puts her hand on his and they move closer.
Fry says: "Who was it?"
[Scene says: "New New York City."
[Scene says: "Fry and Michelle fly a hover-scooter over the city."
Michelle says: "Everything is so different."
Fry says: "Not everything."
Fry says: "There's still a roach problem."
A giant roach flies beside them and Fry sprays it.
Michelle says: "Ew!"
[Scene says: "Museum of Really Modern Art."
[Scene says: "The artwork is on the stomachs of lots of fat men."
[Scene says: "Michelle and Fry look at a painting on Sal."
Michelle says: "Eurgh."
Fry says: "Nowadays, people aren't interested in art that's not tattooed on fat guys."
Sal says: "I'm on loan from the Louvre."
[Scene says: "Park."
[Scene says: "Fry and Michelle sit in a horse-drawn carriage."
[Scene says: "The cab man whips the horse and a giant bug whips him."
[Scene says: "He screams and Michelle whimpers."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Outside the building, repair work is being done."
[Scene says: "Inside, Leela and Bender meet with Farnsworth."
Leela says: "Please, Professor."
Leela says: "Give us our jobs back."
Leela says: "We deserve another chance."
Bender says: "Yeah, and if you won't give me another chance, perhaps you'd give one to..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "Og, gorilla emperor of Earth!"
The ship lands in the hangar.
Farnsworth says: "I'm sorry, Og, but I've got a new crew."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth leans over the railings and Hermes, Amy and Zoidberg walk off the ship."
Farnsworth says: "So, how was delivery to Fantasy Planet, where everyone's fantasies come to life?"
Amy says: "Great!"
Hermes says: "Organised!"
Zoidberg says: "For one beautiful night, I knew what it was to be a grandmother."
Zoidberg says: "Subjugated, yet honoured."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Bender has the gorilla mask under his arm and Farnsworth talks to it."
Farnsworth says: "You see, Og?"
Farnsworth says: "Everything's running smoothly, yes."
Farnsworth says: "And with Fry fired, I can finally leave my jigsaw puzzles out without him eating the pieces."
Leela says: "Forget about Fry."
Leela says: "You can hire us back and he'd never have to know."
Enter Fry.
Fry says: "Hey, guys."
Leela says: "Oh, uh, hey, Fry!"
Bender says: "So, as Leela was saying, Fry can go shove a big, old-- Ow!"
Leela hits him with a phone.
Fry says: "I'm glad you're all here."
Fry says: "I wanted to introduce you to my on-again-off-again girlfriend of the past thousand years, Michelle."
Fry says: "Hermes and Amy."
Michelle says: "Nice to meet you."
Fry says: "And this is Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg."
Zoidberg screams and runs away.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on the couch and Hermes, Bender and Farnsworth stand around him."
Hermes says: "Dating you ex, Fry?"
Hermes says: "Have you lost all self-respect?"
Fry says: "All what?"
Farnsworth says: "This can only end badly, Fry."
Bender says: "A home invasion by a former roommate."
Fry says: "But things are different this time."
Fry says: "Before, she was demanding and possessive."
Fry says: "But now she wants me to do stuff and stay with her all the time."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Amy and Michelle sit at the table."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, wearing a frilly apron, pours them some tea."
Zoidberg says: "There you go, dearies."
He hums and leaves. Michelle trembles.
Michelle says: "It's a relief to meet you, Amy."
Michelle says: "I'm just having a hard time adjusting to all the strange stuff here in the future."
Amy says: "I'm from Mars."
Michelle says: "I feel so out of place here."
Michelle says: "I don't understand why Fry fits in so well."
Leela says: "Probably because he didn't fit in back in your time."
Michelle says: "That's true."
Michelle says: "But I used to fit in really well."
Zoidberg says: "Then good luck, sister."
He screams and walks away. Michelle drops her cup and it smashes. Seconds later it reassembles itself. She whimpers.
[Scene says: "Applied Cryogenics: Freezer Room."
Michelle says: "Don't take this the wrong way, Fry, but your friends are a bunch of freaks."
Fry says: "Yeah, they're great, huh?"
Michelle says: "I just don't belong here."
Michelle says: "I don't know anyone, I can't find a vanishing cream that doesn't make me actually vanish."
Michelle says: "I don't even have a job."
Fry says: "Oh, right."
Fry says: "I was supposed to assign you a job."
Fry says: "Let me just get your career chip installed."
Fry says: "What are you scared of?"
Fry says: "It's just like getting your hand pierced."
Michelle pushes the gun away.
Michelle says: "This world is horrible."
Michelle says: "Let's start over, Fry."
Michelle says: "We'll go someplace where all we have is each other."
Fry says: "Ooh, romantic."
Fry says: "I'll tell Bender to meet us there."
Michelle says: "It's not a "there"."
Michelle says: "It's a "then"."
Michelle says: "The future."
Fry says: "Whoa, whoa, girl."
Fry says: "I thought you were talking about one of those motels where the bed is shaped like stuff."
Michelle says: "I love you."
Michelle says: "Don't you love me?"
Fry says: "Well, sure."
Fry says: "To the extent a man can love a woman."
Fry says: "But this seems like a big step."
Michelle says: "Fry, why must you analyse everything with your relentless logic?"
Michelle says: "Nothing matters but our love."
Fry says: "You're right."
Fry says: "Let's do this now and let's never regret it."
They climb into the freezer and kiss. They are frozen in a flash.
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "The freezer stands alone in a vast desert."
[Scene says: "The door opens and Fry and Michelle get out and look around what appears to be a post-apocalyptic wasteland."
[Scene says: "The ruins of buildings burn and there are cracks in the ground."
Fry says: "Michelle, I don't regret this."
Fry says: "But I both rue and lament it."
Time Lapse. The pair walk across the desert.
Fry says: "The year 4000 is severely disappointing."
Fry says: "I miss the year 3000 when life was simple and brains flew through space and everyone ate lasers."
Michelle says: "It's not that bad."
Michelle says: "Fate brought us together and now fate brought us here."
Fry says: "No, you brought us here."
Michelle says: "Whine some more, Fry, I really find that attractive in a man."
Michelle says: "Now come on, build us a shelter."
Fry says: "Alright, fine."
Fry says: "Everything else sucks."
Fry says: "At least we can have a nice place to live."
Time Lapse. It is dark and Fry is covered in dirt. He breathes a sigh of relief.
Fry says: "There!"
He is standing in a hole.
Michelle says: "You expect me to live in a tiny little hole?"
Fry says: "It'd be deeper, but I'm standing on a gopher."
Time Lapse. At dawn, Fry and Michelle are woken up by someone poking their faces with sticks.
Michelle says: "Oh, look!"
Michelle says: "Some little kids."
Fry says: "They'll save us."
Fry says: "We're saved!"
[Scene says: "Kids' Den."
[Scene says: "Fry and Michelle are tied up in the middle of the den, which is in the middle of some ruined buildings."
[Scene says: "One of the kids sits on a chair, elevated by some oil drums."
Butch says: "I'm Butch, leader of this place."
Butch says: "I took your hole and you can't do nothing about it."
Michelle says: "OK."
Fry says: "Mighty sir, we have nowhere to go."
Fry says: "Could we please join your society?"
Butch says: "Well, alright."
Butch says: "But no interfering with our grand works."
Time Lapse. The kids smash an old couch to bits and fight. Butch watches them and nods. Fry joins Michelle, who lies on a sun bed.
Fry says: "I tell you, that Butch runs a pretty good civilisation."
Fry says: "I think I'll enjoy serving under him."
Michelle groans.
Michelle says: "You know your problem, Fry?"
Michelle says: "You're not ambitious."
Michelle says: "You should be chief."
Fry says: "What do I need, ulcers?"
Michelle says: "But I want power."
Michelle says: "I'm tired of the chief's girlfriend lording it over me with her fancy coyote hide."
They watch Butch's girlfriend stroking the hide.
Fry says: "Alright, alright."
Fry says: "If it'll make you happy, I'll overthrow society."
Time Lapse. Butch laughs.
Butch says: "On what grounds do you challenge my authority?"
Fry says: "Well, I'm older than you."
Fry says: "I can beat you up."
The kids nod.
Kid #1 says: "Yeah, I'll bet he could."
Butch's Girlfriend says: "He's got arm hair."
Butch says: "Alright, grandpa."
Butch says: "There's only one way to settle this: Death rolling!"
The kids cheer.
Fry says: "What's death rolling?"
Orowheat says: "It's like skateboarding."
Ice-V says: "Except half the time, someone dies."
Fry says: "Oh, so it's a little safer than skateboarding."
[Scene says: "Ruined City."
[Scene says: "At the top of a ruined building, Fry stands on a skateboard with wheels and Butch stands on a rocket-propelled one."
Butch says: "Last one holding the bandana's the new leader."
He takes his bandana off and Fry holds one end of it.
Michelle says: "My mother always said you were a loser, Fry."
Michelle says: "Now get out there and prove her wrong."
Fry says: "Beth said that?"
Butch's Girlfriend says: "Achat, shtayim, shalosh!"
Butch flies down the ramp, dragging Fry with him. They tug back and forth on the bandana as they wind through the ruined streets. Butch pulls Fry through a sewer pipe and Fry's hair makes sparks on the side of it. They leave the sewer pipe and jump on a highway. Two armoured vehicles drive either side of them and the occupants shoot at each other. They flip over and Fry and Butch dodge them. Fry rolls down the opposite lane, straight towards an oncoming car. He lifts his skateboard onto the other side, missing the car. Butch holds onto the bumper of a car and Fry grabs the bumper of another one. He coughs as he gets exhaust in his face. The cars split and Fry and Butch roll towards a lamppost. The bandana wraps around it and their heads collide. The kids and Michelle gather around.
Butch says: "It's cool."
Butch says: "Back off!"
Butch says: "My knee."
Butch says: "I scraped it!"
Fry says: "Aww."
Fry says: "Poor little guy."
Fry says: "Let me just take a look at-- Aha!"
Fry says: "I won!"
Fry says: "I'm the new chief!"
Fry says: "I'm the tallest and I weigh the most!"
The kids takes their guns out.
Butch says: "Hand it over, you giant idiot."
An armoured car pulls up and honks its horn.
Butch's Girlfriend says: "Hey, Butch, your mom's here."
Butch says: "Aw, man."
Butch's Mom says: "Come on, kids."
Butch's Mom says: "You're late for Hebrew school."
The kids groan and drop their guns.
Orowheat says: "I don't wanna go."
Butch's Girlfriend says: "Every Monday and Wednesday's the same thing."
They get into the car and drive away.
Fry says: "I find this post-apocalyptic wasteland very confusing."
Fry says: "Seriously, I'm weirded out."
Michelle says: "That's because you're a loser."
Michelle says: "You were a loser in the year 2000 and you're a loser in the year 4000."
Fry says: "Yeah, but in the year 3000, I had it all."
Fry says: "Several friends, a low-paying job, a bed in a robot's closet."
Fry says: "I envied no man."
Fry says: "But you wrecked everything."
Michelle says: "Quit standing up for yourself, Fry."
Michelle says: "When we get back to the hole we are going to have a long, boring talk about our relationship!"
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Well, listen to this:  I'm leaving you."
He runs away.
[Scene says: "Desert."
[Scene says: "Fry walks alone through the misty desert."
Fry says: "There must be people somewhere."
He climbs a small hill and sees some lights in the distance. He slips on some loose stones and bounces down the other side of the hill.
Time Lapse. The mist is thicker. Fry falls to the ground. The mist clears a little and something comes into view.
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "Footprints!"
Fry says: "And hand prints?"
Fry says: "But?"
Fry says: "What's happening?"
He stands up and sees Loew's Gaddafi's Chinese Theater in front of him. He steps back. The Planet Express ship lands beside him, crushing a floodlight. People scatter. Leela, Bender and Farnsworth walk off the ship.
Leela says: "Fry, thank God we found you."
Fry says: "Leela?"
Fry says: "What are you guys doing here in the year 4000?"
Leela says: "It's not the year 4000."
Bender says: "You were only frozen for two days."
Bender says: "Uh, by the way, I broke your bed."
Farnsworth says: "You were in Pauly Shore's tube and they were delivering it to his movie screening."
He points to the sign on the theatre; Jury Duty II Trouble On The Hubble Starring Dr. Paul Shore. 1000th Anniversary Gala!".
Leela says: "But, when they noticed you weren't him, they chucked you in a ditch."
Fry says: "So you're saying these aren't the decaying ruins of New York in the year 4000?"
Farnsworth says: "You wish!"
Farnsworth says: "You're in Los Angeles!"
Fry says: "But there was this gang of 10-year-olds with guns."
Leela says: "Exactly, you're in L."
Leela says: "A."
Fry says: "But everyone is driving around in cars shooting at each other."
Bender says: "That's L."
Bender says: "A."
Bender says: "for you."
Fry says: "But the air is green and there's no sign of civilisation whatsoever."
Bender says: "He just won't stop with the social commentary."
Fry says: "And the people are all phoneys."
Fry says: "No one reads."
Fry says: "Everything has cilantro on it--  Michelle, baby!"
Michelle says: "It's not working out, Fry."
The limo drives away. Pauly Shore pokes his head out of the sunroof.
Shore says: "Tis better to have loved and lost, n'est ce-pas?"
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry looks out of the window as the ship flies back to New New York."
Fry says: "That's it."
Fry says: "I've had it with women."
Fry says: "From now on, I'm concentrating on my career."
Fry says: "Can I have my old job back?"
Farnsworth says: "Why, I've forgotten why I even fired you."
Bender says: "'Cause he destroyed your business, your home and all your possessions."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, that's right."
Farnsworth says: "Get lost!"
He pulls a lever and the floor opens up beneath Fry. He falls out of the ship and screams.
Closing Credits.