[Opening Credits. Caption says: "A Stern Warning of Things to Come."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Nibbler sits on Leela's lap and she picks tufts out of his fur."
[Scene says: "Bender does the same to Fry."
[Scene says: "Enter Hermes."
Hermes says: "Exciting news, people!"
Hermes says: "The pet licence I requisitioned for Nibbler has arrived."
Leela says: "Hermes, that's sweet."
Leela says: "I didn't know you cared about Nibbler."
Hermes says: "Dream on, woman."
Hermes says: "I'd like to put the little bastard in a sack and toss the sack in a river and hurl the river into space."
Hermes says: "But I do like filling out requisitions and these were some doozies!"
Hermes says: "Great Jah's dreadlocks!"
Hermes says: "There's been a mix-up."
Hermes says: "This isn't a pet licence, it's a fishing licence."
Hermes says: "And it's mandatory!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship takes off and heads out to sea."
Time Lapse. It stops a short while later and the cargo bay lift comes down with Bender, Fry and Farnsworth standing on it.
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "The exact centre of the Atlantic Ocean."
Farnsworth says: "This seems the logical place for fish to congregate."
Bender says: "So we're in international waters?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed so."
Bender whips out a radio and talks into it.
Bender says: "Falcon, this is Blue Raven, the goose has nested."
Bender says: "Repeat, the goose has nested."
Bender says: "Hey, guess what you're accessories to?"
Time Lapse. On the roof of the ship, the staff pull out their fishing equipment from the gun turret.
Leela says: "The sun, the sea air, good friends."
Bender says: "Leela's right, fishing blows."
Bender says: "Whattya say we make it interesting?"
Hermes says: "Why not?"
Amy says: "Yeah."
Farnsworth says: "Yeah, cool."
Bender says: "Everybody kick in five bucks."
Bender says: "There, wasn't that interesting?"
Leela says: "Bender!"
Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "This contest is as good as over."
Fry says: "I once caught a fish this big."
He stretches out his arms.
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "I once caught a fish this big!"
He extends his arms the length of the ship. Leela opens a case.
Leela says: "I'm afraid you're both out of your league, boys, 'cause you're looking at a woman who owns her own harpoon."
She twists the top of the harpoon onto the bottom.
Bender says: "Harpoon, my ass!"
Leela says: "OK."
And she does. He screams in pain and jumps into the water. Hermes looks at five buckets.
Hermes says: "Let's see now, which bait to use?"
Hermes says: "Crickets?"
Hermes says: "Squid?"
Hermes says: "Chicken necks?"
Zoidberg says: "Excuse me, if I might be so bold, I'm willing to offer my services as a bait critic."
Zoidberg says: "..."
He sticks his head in the bucket and gobbles the bait.
Hermes says: "I don't believe this!"
Hermes says: "It's eating my bait!"
Hermes says: "Beat it, you mooching crawdad!"
Zoidberg runs away and woops. Bender presses a button on his fishing rod.
Bender says: "Hey, Fry, check out my laser-guided fishing rod."
Fry says: "Quiet, Bender, you're scaring away the fish."
Bender says: "Fine."
Bender says: "I'll head over to the other side."
Bender says: "Good luck fishing on this side!"
He walks away and Fry casts his line and chuckles.
Fry says: "I can hit a fish between the eyes from 20 yards!"
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "I can hit a shrimp!"
Fry says: "A shrimp?"
Bender's line hits Fry between the eyes and knocks him over. Leela spins her harpoon around and sees something in the water.
Leela says: "Aha!"
Leela says: "Gather round, chumps!"
Leela says: "I got the winner!"
An old boot comes out of the water on the end of the harpoon. Leela sighs.
Amy says: "Oh, so this is where you shop for your boots?"
Fry reels in a little fish.
Bender says: "Couple more of those and you'll have yourself a fish stick!"
He laughs.
Fry says: "Hey, a fish this fine belongs in a fish nugget-style chunklet."
Fry says: "And anyway, it's bigger than anything you've caught."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My small intestine!"
Leela tries again with the harpoon.
Leela says: "Bingo!"
Leela says: "Whatever it is, it's 20 times heavier than a boot."
She pulls out a crate marked "Boots 10 Pair" and sighs.
Farnsworth says: "You'll never catch anything with that primitive technology."
Farnsworth says: "What you need is this fish pheromone."
Farnsworth says: "Uh-oh!"
Several fish leap up to his head. He screams and knocks them off. Zoidberg comes up behind him and sniffs him.
Zoidberg says: "I'm so into you!"
He wraps his mouth flaps around Farnsworth's head and slurps.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
Fry reels in his line. There is big fish attached to it.
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, I just caught a fish this big!"
Bender says: "Quit exaggerating, Fry."
Bender says: "Ah, screw this!"
Bender says: "There."
Bender says: "Like most of life's problems this one can be solved with bending."
He ties the ships tether line to the hook.
Farnsworth says: "Bender, be careful."
Farnsworth says: "That's the ship's diamond filament tether."
Farnsworth says: "It's unbreakable."
Bender says: "Then why do I have to be careful?"
Farnsworth says: "It belonged to my grandmother."
Bender takes some food from Hermes' hands, attaches it to his hook and throws it into the sea.
Hermes says: "My Manwich!"
Time Lapse. Dusk approaches. Fry sleeps in a chair with his rod next to him, Amy sleeps, Hermes sleeps with sign hanging around him saying he will be awake at 7pm. Bender snoozes, his door opening and closing. Leela casts her harpoon again.
Leela says: "Wake up, everyone!"
Leela says: "I've got something."
Leela says: "And this time it's alive!"
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, since when do you even wear boots?"
Zoidberg says: "I wasn't wearing it."
Zoidberg says: "I was eating it."
Leela sighs and lets go of the rope.
Leela says: "Come on, let's go home."
Amy wakes up and screams.
Amy says: "Sunburn!"
Amy says: "My fabulous body!"
Amy says: "It's ruined!"
Amy says: "What happened to my parasol?"
Bender says: "I don't know."
Bender says: "It wasn't here when I took your umbrella."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "I put sunblock on you."
Amy says: "Well it didn't work!"
She turns around and stomps off. On her back Bender has spelled out "Honk If Bender Is Great" in sunblock. He giggles.
Leela says: "Come on, Bender."
Leela says: "Pull in your line and let's go."
Bender tries to pull in the line.
Bender says: "Hey, I'm snagged."
The line starts to whirr away.
Farnsworth says: "It's not snagged, the mechano man has caught something!"
Farnsworth says: "Sweet Zombie Jesus!"
Farnsworth says: "It's huge!"
Amy says: "It's coming up!"
A huge fish leaps up from the water and over the top of the ship. The staff gasp.
Hermes says: "Oh, that's big!"
Farnsworth says: "A colossal-mouth bass!"
The bass heads back under the water and the tether starts winding away.
Fry says: "It's diving!"
The ship shakes and tilts forward.
Leela says: "It's pulling us under!"
Leela says: "Everyone into the ship!"
Zoidberg says: "Wait!"
Zoidberg says: "I'll save us!"
Zoidberg says: "By cutting the unbreakable diamond filament!"
Zoidberg says: "Well, at least I'll die with my friends."
Zoidberg says: "Hello?"
The others shut the turret hatch behind them and the water line creeps towards Zoidberg. He climbs in and shuts it behind him. The ship lurches forward and disappears under the water and the staff scream. Something floats to the surface.
Hermes says: "My Speedos!"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The room is bathed in red light and a klaxon beeps."
[Scene says: "Leela watches the depth gauge."
Leela says: "Depth at 45 hundred feet, 48 hundred, 50 hundred!"
Leela says: "5000 feet!"
Farnsworth says: "Dear Lord, that's over 150 atmospheres of pressure."
Fry says: "How many atmospheres can this ship withstand?"
Farnsworth says: "Well it's a spaceship, so I'd say anywhere between zero and one."
The hull creaks around them.
Bender says: "What's that?"
Bender says: "Is someone bending girders?"
More creaking. The depth gauge reaches 6000ft and breaks. Farnsworth's glasses break and so do Bender's eyes. He screws some new ones in.
Leela says: "We'll be crushed if we don't equalise the pressure."
Fry says: "How do we do that?"
Pipes burst around the room and the water floods in.
Farnsworth says: "That should do it."
The water gets higher.
Amy says: "We're all gonna die!"
Fry says: "Wait, I'll be back in a minute."
He takes off his jacket and swims under the water. A toilet flushes and the water level drops. The staff cheer and Fry walks back in, zipping up his shorts.
Leela says: "You did it, Fry!"
Fry says: "Did what?"
The ship hits some rocks and everyone is thrown across the room, screaming. The ship comes to a rest on the ocean floor. Bender looks out the window.
Bender says: "People, it's far, far worse than we thought; my fish got away."
[Scene says: "Ship Corridor."
[Scene says: "Bender fixes the electricity and the lights come back on, Leela mops the floor and Fry tapes up a crack in the hull."
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "Good as new!"
Leela says: "Except we're three miles below the surface, we don't have any food and the ship won't work underwater."
Bender says: "Tempers are wearing thin."
Bender says: "Let's just hope some robot doesn't kill everybody."
Hermes says: "The important thing is that we don't panic."
Hermes says: "There are rules for situations like this."
Hermes says: "Now, the first order of business is lunch."
Hermes says: "I suggest a nice lobster Zoidberg-- I mean lobster Newburg-- I mean Doctor Zoidberg."
Leela says: "OK, everyone, calm down."
Leela says: "The Professor and I will get to work on the ship."
Leela says: "Bender, Zoidberg, since you can survive underwater, you'll go out and look for food."
Fry says: "I'd better go too."
Fry says: "They don't know what I like."
He opens the airlock.
Hermes says: "Fry, no!"
Hermes says: "The pressure will crush you like a green snake under a sugar cane truck."
Farnsworth says: "Not necessarily."
Farnsworth says: "This is chance for Fry to test out my experimental anti-pressure pill."
He pulls out a large black pill.
Fry says: "I can't swallow that."
Farnsworth says: "Well then good news!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a suppository."
[Scene says: "Seabed."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Zoidberg walks across the ocean floor."
[Scene says: "Fry holds a bag of air."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg picks up a fish and puts it Bender's chest cabinet."
Zoidberg says: "How are you doing there, Fry?"
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
He puts it in Bender's chest cabinet. Bender sees an electric eel and grabs it. It shocks him.
Bender says: "Aw, yeah!"
Zoidberg sees a little glowing thing.
Zoidberg says: "Yum, yum, yum!"
Zoidberg says: "Look at me, I'm Dr."
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg, homeowner!"
Time Lapse. The trio search for food next to a sunken wreck. Fry lifts a skull and crossbones flag.
Zoidberg says: "Careful, Fry, I think that flag might be poisonous."
Bender emerges from the boat wearing a pirate hat and an eye patch and carrying some grog bottles.
Bender says: "Ahoy, mateys!"
Bender says: "I shanghaied us some hearty grog."
Bender says: "Arr!"
Bender says: "The laws o' science be a harsh mistress!"
Zoidberg says: "Say, robot, old buddy?"
Zoidberg says: "Could you help me move a couch?"
Bender says: "Uh, OK, but I'm not carrying it upstairs."
He climbs into the shell, leaving Fry alone. Some seaweed parts, revealing a mermaid. She laughs and swims away and Fry blubbers. Zoidberg and Bender emerge from the shell.
Zoidberg says: "What is it, Fry?"
Fry says: "I think I saw a mermaid."
Bender says: "You want some lemonade?"
Bender says: "You saw a big parade?"
Zoidberg says: "Your student loans have been repaid?"
Zoidberg says: "Then how 'bout lending your old pal Zoidberg a few bucks, Mr."
Zoidberg says: "Millionaire!"
[Scene says: "Ships Mess."
[Scene says: "The staff eat."
[Scene says: "Fry still blubbers."
Leela says: "Fry, swallow your food."
Leela says: "Then talk."
Fry swallows.
Fry says: "A mermaid!"
Amy laughs.
Amy says: "You think you saw a mermaid?"
Fry says: "No, I did see a mermaid!"
Fry says: "She was wearing a tube top and she had a beautiful scaly tail."
Fry says: "And I think she had hair extensions."
Bender says: "Yeah, right!"
Leela says: "Sure she did."
Hermes says: "OK, Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "You're simply hallucinating, you..."
Farnsworth says: "moron."
Fry says: "What's so far-fetched about mermaids?"
Fry says: "I mean, there's all sorts of weird sea creatures here in the future."
Fry says: "Like Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg."
He points through the window at Zoidberg. He is wearing a sunhat and has built a window box on his shell and is landscaping a garden. He turns around and waves.
Leela says: "I'm afraid Fry is suffering from ocean madness."
Fry says: "Every time something good happens to me you say it's some kind of madness, or I'm drunk, or I ate too much candy."
Fry says: "Well I saw a real mermaid and I wish for once my friends would have decency and kindness to believe me."
Leela says: "Ocean madness."
Fry storms out.
Farnsworth says: "He may have ocean madness but that's no excuse for ocean rudeness."
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Quarters."
[Scene says: "Fry lies awake while Bender snores."
Fry says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "oxygen!"
He picks up a suitcase.
[Cut to says: "Seabed."
[Cut to says: "Fry steps outside the airlock and closes the door behind him."
[Cut to says: "His suitcase floats away and he screams."
[Cut to says: "The mermaid puts something in his mouth."
Mermaid says: "Here you go, darlin'."
Fry breathes.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "I can breath and talk, just like a fish!"
Mermaid says: "Oh, you speak fish?"
She says something in fish.
Fry says: "What?"
Mermaid says: "I'm sorry, my accent's atrocious."
Mermaid says: "Hi, my name's Umbriel!"
Fry says: "I'm Fry."
Fry says: "So, uh, am I gonna drown?"
Umbriel says: "Course not."
Umbriel says: "Just stay calm and let the currents relax your every muscle."
Fry relaxes.
Fry says: "Aw, yeah!"
Umbriel says: "Did it just get warmer?"
Fry says: "I can't believe you're really real."
Fry says: "I like your tail."
Umbriel says: "Oh, you're sweet."
Umbriel says: "I like those wiggly doo-dads comin' outta your hips."
Fry says: "Oh, thanks."
Fry says: "They're called pants."
Time Lapse. Fry and Umbriel sit next to a glowing vent.
Umbriel says: "This here's a volcanic vent."
Umbriel says: "The water comes out at over 4000 degrees."
Fry says: "No kidding."
He relaxes.
Umbriel says: "Did it just get colder?"
Umbriel says: "Tell me more about that bizarre land-y world you come from."
Umbriel says: "Is there water there too?"
Fry says: "Sure."
Fry says: "Sometimes it falls from the sky."
Umbriel says: "Hm."
Fry says: "And sometimes it doesn't."
She gasps.
Umbriel says: "Oh, Mr."
Umbriel says: "Fry!"
Umbriel says: "You do go on!"
Fry says: "You know what I like best about you, Umbriel?"
Fry says: "You find me fascinating even when I'm not claiming to be a jewel thief or a lion tamer."
Umbriel says: "Lions?"
Umbriel says: "There are sealions on the land?"
Fry says: "Yup."
Fry says: "We call them land-sealions..."
Fry says: "I tame them!"
[Montage says: "Fry and Umbriel date to Donovan's Atlantis."
[Montage says: "They swim on the back of a flat fish, watch a squid and whale fight, and Fry spells out words to Umbriel with glowing fish."
[Montage says: "They look into each other's eyes and kiss."
[Montage says: "Umbriel's hair covers the screen."
[Scene says: "Ships Galley."
[Scene says: "Bender reads The Atlantic Monthly while Leela, Amy and Hermes are gathered around something."
[Scene says: "Enter Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "I'm almost finish reconfiguring the ships propulsion system."
Farnsworth says: "We can leave as soon as the paper-mâché is dry."
Leela says: "Where's Fry?"
Bender says: "I didn't kill him."
Bender says: "Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "No, I've been busy."
Hermes says: "He must've gone out looking for that mermaid."
Hermes says: "The poor, demented honky."
Leela says: "It's ocean madness alright."
Leela says: "Sailors call it aqua dementia, the deep-down crazies, the wet willies, the screaming moist!"
As she speaks the staff leave. Bender slams the door behind him.
[Cut to says: "Ship Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Leela joins the rest of them."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth opens the door to the airlock."
Farnsworth says: "We'll form a search party."
Farnsworth says: "Now, we'll need oxygen."
Bender says: "I got it covered."
Bender says: "In the event of an emergency, my ass can be used as a floatation device."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh, that reminds me: You've all taken your pressure pills, right?"
Amy says: "Yes!"
Amy says: "Stop asking!"
[Scene says: "Seabed."
[Scene says: "The staff stand outside the ship wearing their oxygen masks."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg sniffs around like a dog."
Zoidberg says: "I've got his scent!"
Zoidberg says: "Over here where the water gets warmer."
Zoidberg says: "This way!"
The staff follow him across the seabed. They peek over a mound and gasp. Ahead of them is a city.
Bender says: "Bend me!"
Amy says something in Chinese.
Amy says: "Dude!"
Amy says: "An ancient sunken city!"
They look at a partly-obscured sign that reads "City Of Atl".
Farnsworth says: "Could it possibly be?"
Farnsworth says: "Are the old legends true?"
Farnsworth says: "It is!"
Farnsworth says: "It's the fabled lost city of Atlanta!"
Merman says: "Howdy, y'all!"
[Scene says: "City of Atlanta."
[Scene says: "The staff are greeted by another merman."
Colonel says: "Welcome to Atlanta."
Colonel says: "Folks round these parts call me the Colonel."
Colonel says: "Here, have some breathers, courtesy of our Chamber of Commerce."
He hands them the same breathing gear Umbriel gave Fry earlier. They put them in.
Farnsworth says: "This is uncomfortable and humiliating."
Farnsworth says: "Now, if they could put it in the form of a suppository."
Colonel says: "Y'all enjoy your stay!"
Colonel says: "Tourism's our main source of income round here so see the sights, spend some money."
Colonel says: "Please don't leave!"
Fry and Umbriel come out of Krispy Kreme.
Bender says: "Fry!"
Bender says: "Oh, I just knew you were still alive!"
Bender says: "I owe you 10 bucks, Hermes!"
Fry says: "Hey, you guys, the most amazing thing happened."
Fry says: "It's two-for-one Tuesday at Krispy Kreme!"
Fry says: "Plus there's mermaids."
Colonel says: "Nice out of town folks, I'd like you to meet my daughter, Umbriel."
Colonel says: "Umbriel, these are some Yankees."
Time Lapse. The staff, Umbriel and the Colonel wander around the city.
Amy says: "So, Fry, Atlanta was an American city in your time?"
Fry says: "I think it was just an airport."
Fry says: "They had a place where you could buy nuts."
Umbriel says: "No!"
Umbriel says: "Ancient Atlanta was more than just a Delta hub."
Umbriel says: "It was a vibrant metropolis, the equal of Paris or New York."
Fry says: "That's right, honey!"
Fry says: "Whatever you say."
Umbriel says: "Look at these fabulous ruins."
Umbriel says: "Turner Field, the Coca-Cola bottling plant, the, uh, the airport."
Leela says: "But tell us, how could a city with such a..."
Leela says: "fabulous airport end up underwater?"
Colonel says: "Ah, now that's a story that can only rightly be told in a Chamber of Commerce video narrated by folk-rock troubadour Donovan."
He presses a button and Donovan appears on the screen and strums the tune to Atlantis with slightly different lyrics.
Hundreds of miles from the area we now call the Atlantic Ocean,.
Yet so desperate the city's desire for tourism,.
That they moved offshore, becoming an island,.
And an even bigger Delta hub,.
On the screen, helicopters lift the city and land it in the ocean. The scene changes to years later. The island is packed with buildings.
And it started to sink.
Knowing their fate, the quality people ran away,.
Ted Turner, Hank Aaron, Jeff Foxworthy,.
The Guy Who Invented Coca-Cola, the Magician,.
And the other so-called gods of our legends,.
Though gods they were--.
And also, Jane Fonda was there.
A boat with the people on pulls away and the city sinks.
On their porches with their rifles,.
And one day evolve into mermaids,.
And sing and dance,.
And ring in the new.
Mermaids says: "Hail Atlanta!"
The video ends.
Leela says: "The magician?"
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Bender says: "Wouldn't it take millions of years to evolve into mermaids?"
Umbriel says: "Normally, yes, but the caffeine really sped things up."
Umbriel says: "That stuff's wonderful."
[Scene says: "Colonel's House."
[Scene says: "The staff are seated around a dining table with the Colonel and Umbriel."
Colonel says: "So when Umbriel first brought home this carpet bagger, I was again' it."
Colonel says: "But, damnit, if Old Legs here ain't grown on me!"
He pats Fry on the back.
Fry says: "Aw, shucks, Colonel."
He spits tobacco and the spittoon dings.
Hermes says: "Well, it's all very nice here but we should be going."
Hermes says: "I miss me wife and me oxygen."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, we all miss our loved ones and gases."
Farnsworth says: "Come on, Fry."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "I'm not going with you."
Everyone gasps.
Leela says: "But, Fry, what about us?"
Leela says: "What about your life on the surface?"
Leela says: "You don't belong down here."
Zoidberg says: "She's right, I mean, sure, they got the Braves but it's a third-rate symphony."
Farnsworth says: "Fry, you half-mad, half-insane maniac, be reasonable."
Farnsworth says: "Don't you realise that if you stay at this depth your body will permanently adapt to the pressure?"
Fry says: "Realise it?"
Fry says: "I don't even understand it!"
Farnsworth says: "It means you'll never be able to return to the surface."
Fry says: "I don't care."
Fry says: "I'm staying."
Fry says: "I've got everything I want right here."
He hugs Umbriel.
Farnsworth says: "I'm bored!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's go!"
[Scene says: "Outside Colonel's House."
[Scene says: "On the porch Fry shakes hands with his old friends as they leave."
Zoidberg says: "You know, Fry, I've got a little place just outside town."
Zoidberg says: "You could come visit, maybe?"
Fry looks at the Colonel who shakes his head.
Fry says: "Sorry, Zoidberg."
Fry says: "I'm trying to join the country club."
Bender hugs Fry.
Bender says: "I'll miss you!"
He leaves and the Colonel waves.
Colonel says: "Y'all come back now, y'hear?"
Farnsworth says: "Let's go, damnit!"
Farnsworth says: "Let's go!"
[Scene says: "Ships Airlock."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth opens the door and the staff walk in."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg stops outside."
Zoidberg says: "Well, I guess this is goodbye for me as well."
Leela says: "Whatever."
Amy says: "Later."
Farnsworth says: "Bye."
[Cut to says: "Seabed."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg turns away sadly and the door closes behind him."
[Cut to says: "He screams."
[Cut to says: "His shell is a burned ruin."
Zoidberg says: "No!"
Zoidberg says: "My home!"
Zoidberg says: "It burned down!"
Zoidberg says: "How did this happen?"
Hermes says: "That's a very good question."
Bender picks something up.
Bender says: "So that's where I left my cigar."
He smokes it.
Hermes says: "That just raises further questions!"
[Scene says: "Umbriel's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Fry and Umbriel sit on her bed."
Fry says: "You know, Umbriel, these last 24 hours have been the happiest days of my life."
Umbriel says: "Oh, Fry!"
Umbriel says: "I want you to make a mer-woman outta mer-me."
She gets under the sheet and her top floats away.
Fry says: "Mercy!"
Fry says: "I do believe I'm gettin' the vapours!"
He tears his clothes off and dives under the sheets. He and Umbriel kiss and her tail flaps around.
Umbriel says: "What the hell is that?"
Fry says: "Yeah I'm a little confused too."
Fry says: "How do I..."
Fry says: "y'know..."
Fry says: "with the tail and all?"
Umbriel says: "I'm not your first am I?"
Umbriel says: "I mean, I-I lay my eggs and leave and you release your fertiliser."
[Scene says: "Outside Colonel's House."
[Scene says: "Fry runs away from the house."
Fry says: "Why couldn't she be the other type of mermaid, with the fish part on top and the lady part on the bottom?"
The Colonel and Umbriel open the door.
Umbriel says: "Now who's gonna escort me to the Debutante Ball?"
Colonel says: "Well what about that rich, young dugong from Macon?"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
Farnsworth says: "There!"
Farnsworth says: "The engine modifications are complete."
Leela says: "Prepare for launch."
[Cut to says: "Seabed."
[Cut to says: "The ship takes off from the rocky bed."
[Cut to says: "The engine has been modified to flap around like a fish tail."
[Cut to says: "Fry misses the ship."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "Wait for me!"
Fry says: "Don't leave me here!"
He sees Bender's fish hook and chases it. He leaps up and grabs it and it pulls him upwards. The giant bass swims up behind him, he screams and the bass eats him.
[Scene says: "Port."
[Scene says: "The bass hangs from a giant set of scales."
[Scene says: "Mayor Poopenmeyer, photographers and other people are crowded around Bender."
Poopenmeyer says: "And so, in honour of his record-breaking catch, I'm proud to award Bender this cheque for $1000."
He shakes Bender's hand and photographers take photos. The crowd cheers. The bass spits out Fry followed by Hermes' Manwich.
Leela says: "It's you!"
Bender says: "Hey, buddy!"
Hermes says: "My Manwich!"
Leela says: "Fry, are you alright?"
Leela says: "What happened?"
Amy says: "What about Umbriel?"
Fry says: "Well, it turns out I loved her, but I wasn't in love with her."
Amy says: "Trouble in bed."
Leela nods.
Bender says: "Ah, it's great to have you back, buddy."
He puts his arms around Fry. Poopenmeyer looks at the scales.
Poopenmeyer says: "Wait a-- This is no record!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Gimme back that cheque!"
Poopenmeyer says: "I'm giving it to some giant orphans."
He snatches the cheque from Bender. Fry starts struggling.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Bender, you're hurting me."
Fry says: "Ow!"
He chokes. The bass' gills open. Zoidberg is inside.
Zoidberg says: "Hey!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm trying to sleep in here!"
Closing Credits.
Donovan says: "Hail Atlanta!"