[Advertisement says: "Fry, Bender and Leela appear in an oval."
Announcer says: "..."
Announcer says: "Molten Boron!"
Jingle Singer says: "Nobody doesn't like Molten Boron!"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "For External Use Only."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies away from a dark brown world surrounded by green clouds."
Fry says: "I hate the Planet of the Moochers."
Fry says: "They take you out for a drink but when the check comes, their wallet's always in their other pants -- which they borrowed from me!"
He is indeed only wearing his underwear on his lower half. Bender climbs up the ladder from the galley wearing his chef's hat and an apron which says "Heil To The Chef".
Leela says: "Dinner ready?"
Bender says: "Nah, those lousy Moochers cleaned out our pantry."
Bender says: "All they left was baking soda and capers."
Bender says: "And here it is!"
He holds up a plate piled high with the stuff.
Fry says: "Ugh!"
Leela says: "Ugh!"
Leela says: "Great."
Leela says: "We're two days from Earth with no food."
Bender says: "Problem solved: You two fight to the death and I'll cook the loser."
Bender says: "Work his gut; I like it tender."
Fry says: "Maybe that planet over there has a drive-thru."
Fry says: "A Burger Jerk or a Fishy Joe's or a Chizzler or something."
Bender says: "Ah, don't get your hopes up."
Bender says: "We're a billion miles from nowhere."
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "It's probably only got a Howard Johnson's."
[Scene says: "Planet Surface."
[Scene says: "The ship flies over the lush forests which are covered by an orange-brown haze."
[Scene says: "It lands in a clearing."
Time Lapse. Leela scans the area. Fry walks off into the woods.
Leela says: "Well, it's a type-M planet, so it should at least have Roddenberries."
Fry says: "I'm experienced at foraging."
Fry says: "I used to find edible mushrooms on my bath mat."
Bender arrives with a sack over his shoulder.
Bender says: "I found some rocks."
Bender says: "You guys eat rocks, right?"
Leela says: "No."
Bender says: "Not even if they're sautéed in a little mud?"
He shakes a bucket of mud up and down. Fry pushes some leaves apart.
Fry says: "Here's something!"
Fry says: "It looks like a ditch full of fried shrimp."
Bender says: "What are you, blind?"
Bender says: "It looks more like a hole full of fried prawns."
Leela picks it up and scans it with her wrist machine. It makes a noise like a truck.
Leela says: "Hm."
Leela says: "This thing I wear on my wrist says they're not poisonous."
She puts it in her mouth and starts chewing.
Fry says: "Well?"
Fry says: "How are they?"
Fry says: "Oh, they're great!"
Fry says: "They're like sex, except I'm having them!"
Bender sniffs one.
Bender says: "You know what these would go great with?"
Bender says: "Rocks."
Fry says: "Look!"
Fry says: "Here's more!"
Bender says: "The planet's covered with 'em."
Fry says: "Let's bring back a couple of pocketfuls."
Bender says: "No, a whole Bender-ful!"
He opens his chest door and starts filling his cabinet.
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "Only what we need."
Leela says: "Stuff the ship!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship comes in ready to land."
[Scene says: "There is a crate strapped to the roof."
[Scene says: "The hangar roof opens."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "Hermes stands at a control panel wearing a headset."
Hermes says: "Planet Express ship, you are cleared to land."
Leela says: "Roger!"
The ship lands.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff are gathered around the table eating the things."
Hermes says: "Oh, man, I'm inhaling these things!"
Hermes says: "You guys scored some primo stuff here."
Zoidberg eats some.
Zoidberg says: "They're tastier than an unguarded penguin nest."
Zoidberg says: "What do you call them?"
Leela says: "We haven't thought of a name yet."
Bender says: "They're tasty, right?"
Bender says: "Let's call 'em "Tasty-cles"."
Hermes gasps.
Amy says: "Ew!"
Farnsworth says: "No!"
Leela says: "We can't call them that."
Bender says: "Why not?"
Leela says: "It sounds too much like those frozen rocky mountain oysters on a stick."
Leela says: "You know, Test-cicles?"
Hermes types something on a computer.
Hermes says: "According to government records, the only names not yet trademarked are "Popplers" and "Zittzers"."
Fry says: "I know, we'll call them Popplers!"
Bender says: "Good idea."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, yeah, why not?"
Amy says: "You sure picked it."
Fry says: "Swish!"
Zoidberg crams some more into his mouth.
Zoidberg says: "Call them what you want."
Zoidberg says: "I call them a free meal."
Bender grabs his claw.
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Bender says: "Slow down there, Sigmund."
Bender says: "I can't stand idly by while poor people get free food."
Bender says: "We gotta sell these things!"
Fry says: "Hey, yeah."
Leela says: "Good idea."
Bender says: "Bender's a genius."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender have set up a hover-cart selling fresh Popplers."
[Scene says: "They sell a bag to a guy and Fry holds some cash."
Fry says: "Hey, business is great."
Bender says: "Ah, great is OK, but amazing would be great."
They look across the street and see a queue forming at a hot dog stand.
Vendor says: "Please, don't push, there's hot dogs for everyone."
Bender grumbles and crosses the road. The vendor hands a man a hot dog.
Bender says: "Hey, Mac, where do you want those rat droppings you ordered?"
The man throws his hot dog down and the people in the queue cross the road to the Popplers stand.
Woman #1 says: "That's disgusting!"
Vendor says: "Wait a minute."
Vendor says: "You're not the guy who delivers the rat droppings!"
Bender chuckles and walks back across the road. A short man with stubble talks to Fry.
Man #1 says: "What are you selling?"
Man #1 says: "Popplers?"
Man #1 says: "Never heard of 'em."
Bender says: "Eat it or beat it."
Fry hands the man a bag and he eats some.
Man #1 says: "Mmm, these are great."
Man #1 says: "Boys, this is your lucky day."
Man #1 says: "I'm Joe Gilman."
He points at a Fishy Joe's sign where he is dressed as a pirate and eating a sandwich with an entire fish in it.
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "You're some guy who eats at Fishy Joe's?"
Gilman says: "Hell, no!"
Gilman says: "I am Fishy Joe!"
Gilman says: "I've got a fast-food franchise on every planet in the known universe."
Gilman says: "Uh, except McPluto."
Bender says: "Hey, Fishy."
Bender says: "I've been meaning to write you about your in-store kiddie parks."
Bender says: "The slides won't support an adult robot."
Gilman says: "Good point, not interested."
Gilman says: "But these Popplers, these are great."
Gilman says: "How much you sell 'em for?"
Fry says: "A dollar a dozen."
Gilman says: "You'll never make money that way."
Gilman says: "You supply 'em to me and I'll sell 'em for two bucks a dozen at my restaurants."
Gilman says: "I'll even pay you a dollar a dozen."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "I'm gonna be rich."
Bender says: "You too but it's hard to get excited about that."
Fry says: "How do we sign?"
[Montage says: "The popularity of the Popplers soars."
[Montage says: "An "Over 'X' Popplers Served" sign is placed outside Fishy Joe's."
[Montage says: "It turns over to '1'."
[Montage says: "Fry and Bender record an advertisement jingle."
When you come to Fishy Joe's,.
What they're made of is a mystery,.
Where they come from, no one knows,.
You can pick 'em,.
You can lick 'em,.
You can chew 'em,.
You can stick 'em,.
If you promise not to sue us,.
You can shove one up your nose.
In space, Bender paints "Poppler" on the tail of the ship and scrubs out "Planet", making it Poppler Express. The ship speeds through space carrying a crate of live Popplers. The sign outside Fishy Joe's turns over to over one million sold. People buy Popplers from a tube-thru window. Zoidberg arrives and turns his pockets inside out.
Zoidberg says: "I can't pay."
Behind him, people shake their fists at him.
Woman #2 says: "Move it, man."
Woman #2 says: "Come on!"
The ship flies out into space and comes back to Earth with a U-Yank trailer. It flies over the city and crashes into a billboard which says "Fishy Joe's. Over 3.8 x 10^10 Popplers Served".
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "That's the second billboard you've crashed into this week!"
Leela says: "Sorry."
Leela says: "I was distracted by those protesters outside our building."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship and U-Yank trailer land inside while a crowd of hippies congregate outside with placards saying "Stopp Before You Popp", "Eating Is Murder" and "Popplers Are Peoplers Too!"
Hippie #1 says: "Disgusting!"
Hippie #2 says: "You should be ashamed!"
Farnsworth leans out of the lounge window.
Farnsworth says: "Hey!"
Farnsworth says: "Unless this is a nude love-in, get the hell off my property!"
The leader, Free Waterfall Jr., laughs.
Waterfall Jr. says: "You can't own property, man!"
Farnsworth says: "I can, but that's because I'm not a penniless hippie."
Leela, Fry and Bender arrive at the window.
Leela says: "What do you people want?"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Popplers are living creatures."
Waterfall Jr. says: "You gotta stop harvesting them for food!"
Bender says: "Or what?"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Or we'll boycott Fishy Joe's."
Leela says: "You're vegetarians, who cares what you do?"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up."
Leela says: "Animals eat other animals."
Leela says: "It's nature."
Waterfall Jr. says: "No, it isn't."
Waterfall Jr. says: "We taught a lion to eat tofu."
Waterfall Jr. says: "The point is you shouldn't eat things that feel pain."
Bender throws a brick at him and he clutches his head.
Bender says: "OK, we won't eat you."
Leela says: "I'll go get some more bricks."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks over to the table and picks up some Fishy Joe's buckets."
Leela says: "Fry, I wish you'd throw out these week-old Popplers."
Leela says: "They're getting big and scaly."
Leela says: "Ooh, there's one left."
She picks it up and it uncurls itself. It has eyes and a mouth.
Poppler says: "Mama!"
Leela gasps and lets go of it. It lands in some honey mustard sauce, laughs, and swims around in it. She clasps her hands to her mouth and licks her fingers.
Time Lapse. Leela runs into the lounge later where the rest of the staff eat Popplers.
Leela says: "Stop!"
Leela says: "Stop eating Popplers!"
She throws Fry's, Zoidberg's and Farnsworth's buckets off the table and smacks them out of Hermes' and Amy's hands.
Amy says: "Why?"
Leela smashes Bender's beer.
Bender says: "My booze!"
Leela says: "Popplers are intelligent."
Leela says: "This one called me mama."
She has the Poppler wrapped in a Tender 'n' Juicy napkin.
Zoidberg says: "Congratulations."
Zoidberg says: "I assume Amy is the father."
Bender says: "Popplers can't talk."
Bender says: "Leela must be hallucinating from not eating enough Popplers."
Bender says: "Here, eat some now."
He picks up a bucket. Leela turns away.
Leela says: "No!"
Bender squeezes her mouth open and tips some Popplers into it.
Bender says: "I said "eat"!"
Bender says: "Come on, mange!"
Leela throws the bucket into a bin, gasps and runs over to it.
Leela says: "Sorry, babies."
She puts it on the table.
Amy says: "Leela, maybe you should lie down."
Zoidberg says: "Yes, listen to the father."
Leela says: "I'm telling you, it spoke to me."
Leela says: "Come on, little Poppler, say "mama"."
She tickles it. Fry tuts and leans back in his chair.
Fry says: "Look, Leela, even if you heard one talk, that doesn't mean it's intelligent."
Fry says: "I mean, parrots talk and we eat them, right?"
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "Maybe it just learned to talk as a parlour trick, like Fry."
Fry says: "Like Fry!"
Fry says: "Like Fry!"
Farnsworth says: "There's one way, and only one way, to determine if an animal is intelligent."
Farnsworth says: "Dissect its brain!"
The Poppler reaches out to Leela.
Poppler says: "No, mama."
Poppler says: "Stop grandpa!"
Everyone but Farnsworth, who is sharpening a knife, gasps.
Farnsworth says: "Enough chit-chat."
Farnsworth says: "Restrain the specimen!"
[Scene says: "Fishy Joe's."
[Scene says: "Diners fill up on Popplers."
Man #3 says: "Mmm, good."
Woman #3 says: "Give me some of that special sauce."
A Horrible Gelatinous Blob eats some Popplers and the fat man from the Titanic reaches inside him and takes a Poppler. The Horrible Gelatinous Blob growls, grabs the man and eats him.
[Cut to says: "Outside Fishy Joe's."
[Cut to says: "Leela wears a "Free The Popplers!"
[Cut to says: "" sign."
Leela says: "Stop eating Popplers!"
Leela says: "They can talk!"
A man dressed as a Poppler and holding a tray of free samples walks up behind her.
Man #4 says: "Don't stop to talk!"
Man #4 says: "Eat Popplers!"
Another man takes a Poppler and eats it.
Leela says: "Hey, cut it out!"
Man #4 says: "Ow!"
Man #4 says: "Ow!"
He falls over and some dogs eat the Popplers on the floor.
Time Lapse. Fry handcuffs himself to the Fishy Joe's door.
Fry says: "People, I won't let you enter."
Fry says: "Popplers are as intelligent as you or me."
A smartly-dressed man pushes him aside.
Man #5 says: "You, maybe!"
The door Fry cuffed himself to is a revolving door. The door drags him around and around.
Time Lapse. Bender rings his head like a town crier's bell.
Bender says: "Hear me, hear me!"
Bender says: "Stop eating Popplers!"
Bender says: "Stop eating them with honey mustard sauce."
Bender says: "Ow!"
The bomb opens and a little flag that says "Please Don't Eat Popplers" comes out.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Everyone except Leela sits around the TV to watch Datenight, presented by Linda."
Linda says: "And the discoverer of Popplers, Captain Turanga Leela."
Leela appears on the screen.
Fry says: "Turanga?"
Amy says: "That's her name, Philip."
Bender says: "Philip?"
Linda says: "Fishy Joe, is it wrong to eat intelligent animals?"
Gilman says: "Absolutely not, Linda."
Gilman says: "I don't think anyone's here to make that claim."
Leela says: "I am."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Me too."
Gilman says: "Listen..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up..."
Gilman says: "..."
Gilman says: "we're talking about a snack..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "shut up..."
Gilman says: "..."
Gilman says: "that's low in fat..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "shut up."
Gilman says: "..."
Gilman says: "and high in profit."
Waterfall Jr. says: "You're crazy, man."
Waterfall Jr. says: "He is crazy."
Gilman says: "There's not even any strong evidence that these Popplers are intelligent."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up..."
Leela says: "That's not true."
Leela says: "I have one right here that can talk."
Waterfall Jr. says: "..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "shut up..."
Leela says: "Come on, say "mama"."
Poppler says: "Ca-ca!"
Linda says: "OK, we'll have to bleep that."
Leela says: "Look, I'm not saying eating meat is wrong..."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up."
Leela says: "I don't think anyone's here to make that claim."
Waterfall Jr. says: "I am."
Leela says: "But eating an intelligent animal is different."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up..."
Gilman says: "Oh, don't force your tired philosophy on us."
Gilman says: "I mean, the only reason we don't eat people is because it tastes lousy."
Waterfall Jr. says: "You're all nuts."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Shut up, let me talk."
Linda says: "You shut up, please."
Waterfall Jr. says: "No, you shut up, please."
Gilman says: "Popplers are no smarter than any other animal I've served."
Gilman says: "And that includes cats."
Another rectangle appears behind Linda with the Poppler in it.
Poppler says: "Ca-ca head."
Poppler says: "Mean, old ca-ca head."
Gilman says: "Sir, I'm making a point."
Gilman says: "If these gutter-mouthed creatures are so smart, why don't they defend themselves, huh?"
He grabs a bucket of Popplers and eats.
Leela says: "Stop it!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "I call murder on that."
Gilman says: "Look, I'm willing to grant that it's murder."
Gilman says: "The real issue is: Who's gonna stop me?"
He laughs. There is a crash and the studio shakes.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Shadows creep over buildings and nine Omicronian saucers descend from the sky."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
Linda says: "And, crap like I've never seen!"
The screen cuts to static and then to Lrrr, standing behind his old-fashioned microphone.
Lrrr says: "Turn down that TV, Nd-Nd."
Farnsworth says: "Dear Lord, they're back!"
Amy says: "We're doomed!"
Hermes says: "Doooomed!"
Bender takes a breath.
Bender says: "Doooo..."
Lrrr says: "Now then, the creatures you call "Popplers" come from a nursery planet in our sector."
Nd-Nd grabs the mic.
Nd-Nd says: "You monsters have been eating our babies!"
[Cut to says: "Datenight Studio."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Waterfall and Gilman watch the Omicronians on a TV."
Leela says: "Eck!"
Gilman spits out half a Poppler and puts the mush on the other half he is holding.
Nd-Nd says: "We demand justice."
Nd-Nd says: "As you ate our children, so shall you be eaten by us!"
Lrrr says: "Oh!"
Lrrr says: "Oh, yeah, that feels a lot better."
Lrrr says: "What?"
Lrrr says: "It's still on?"
He growls and the TV cuts to static.
[Scene says: "DOOP Headquarters: Secret Conference Room."
[Scene says: "Outside the building, a sign has been changed from "Democratic Order Of Planets United Against The Omicronian Menace" to "Democratic Order Of Planets Welcomes The Omicronian Menace"."
[Scene says: "In the small room, Zapp Brannigan sits across a table from Lrrr and Nd-Nd."
[Scene says: "Omicronians and Kif stand behind them."
Zapp says: "As chief negotiator, I speak for all of Earth when I mourn the regrettable loss of the Omicronian young."
Zapp says: "We share your pain."
Zapp says: "These would be great with quack-a-mole."
Lrrr says: "Stop eating our young!"
Lrrr says: "And it's pronounced guacamole!"
Zapp says: "Alright, I'm putting them away."
Zapp says: "Now, uh, what is it you want?"
Lrrr says: "We demand--  We demand to eat one human for each Omicronian that was eaten."
Zapp cleans his teeth with a toothpick.
Zapp says: "Fair enough."
Zapp says: "How many is that?"
Kif taps him on the shoulder.
Kif says: "198 billion, sir."
Lrrr says: "Very well."
Lrrr says: "You will provide us with 198 billion humans."
Lrrr says: "And, uh, small fries."
Nd-Nd says: "Lrrr!"
Lrrr says: "Oh, alright, cottage cheese!"
Kif says: "Sir?"
Kif says: "There aren't that many human beings."
Zapp says: "A thought occurs: There aren't that many humans."
Lrrr says: "We're willing to wait a few weeks while you shore up the numbers."
Zapp says: "Hmm."
Zapp says: "198 billion babies in a few weeks."
Zapp says: "We'll need an army of super-virile men scoring round the clock!"
Zapp says: "I'll do my part."
Zapp says: "Kif, clear my schedule."
Kif takes out an Etch-A-Sketch and shakes it.
[Scene says: "DOOP Headquarters: Main Room."
[Scene says: "Hundreds of people sit waiting for the negotiations to end."
[Scene says: "Fry is slumped in a chair."
Fry says: "I wish they'd just wipe out humanity and get it over with."
Fry says: "It's the waiting I can't stand."
Leela says: "That's stupid!"
The door to the secret conference room opens. Zapp, Kif, Lrrr and Nd-Nd walk out. Everyone cheers and Zapp waves.
Zapp says: "My fellow Earthlings, we have reached an agreement."
Zapp says: "Using the twin guns of grace and tact, I blasted our worthless enemies with a fair compromise."
Zapp says: "They will not eat everyone on Earth."
Lrrr says: "I filled up on nuts at the negotiation."
Nd-Nd shakes her head.
Zapp says: "Instead, they will eat only a single human of their choice."
Lrrr says: "We choose to eat the first Earthling who ate our offspring."
Lrrr says: "She must be sacrificed, but the rest of you shall be spared."
Everyone cheers, except Leela, who "boos".
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "The sign outside reads "Slurm Concert Series Present: An Evening With A Human-Eating Monster"."
[Scene says: "Inside, the crowds murmur."
[Scene says: "There a is a stage in the middle of the room with a table and chairs on it."
[Scene says: "Linda presents the TV coverage from a commentary box."
Linda says: "Tonight, the world watches in horror as an earthling is eaten alive on network television."
Linda says: "This grim scene of unimaginable carnage is brought to you by Fishy Joe's!"
Linda says: "Try our new Extreme Walrus Juice!"
Linda says: "100% fresh-squeezed walrus."
Linda says: "Ride the walrus!"
A spotlight shines onto a door on the stage.
Announcer says: "Ladies and gentlemen."
Announcer says: "The Omicronians!"
The door opens. Lrrr, Nd-Nd and some other Omicronians walk out, waving. Nd-Nd sits at the table and the other Omicronians sit down behind her. Lrrr stands at a mic.
Lrrr says: "Greetings, Earth morsels."
The crowd boos.
Man #6 says: "You suck!"
Lrrr says: "Get a job!"
Backstage, Bender peeps through the curtain and then turns around.
Bender says: "I'll miss you, Leela."
Bender says: "I know you're just a carbon-based life form but I'll always think of you as a big pile of titanium."
He sobs. Fry puts his arm around him.
Fry says: "What Bender means is, you're really brave, and smart, and beautiful, and a great friend."
Bender says: "Just like titanium!"
He cries into Fry's lap.
Leela says: "This is all a big load."
Leela says: "I was the one trying to save the Popplers."
Leela says: "You both should be in here instead of me."
Bender says: "Someone's acting awfully aluminum."
Enter Zapp.
Zapp says: "Leela, my sweet, I've come to save you."
Zapp says: "I have a devious plan!"
Leela says: "Oh, great, Captain Moron has a plan."
Leela says: "Why don't you tell it to Wingus and Dingus here?"
Zapp turns to Fry and Bender.
Zapp says: "Wingus, Dingus, listen up."
Zapp says: "We're gonna give the aliens the old switcheroo!"
Zapp says: "Correct."
Zapp says: "I found a giant hideous ape that looks exactly like Leela."
Kif wheels in a cage holding an orang-utan that wears a white tank top, black trousers and boots like Leela's.
Leela says: "It doesn't look anything like me."
Leela says: "The hair is all wrong."
Zapp says: "Don't worry."
Zapp says: "Kif is an expert stylist, as you can plainly see."
Zapp says: "Mmm!"
Kif groans and walks into the cage. He puts a sheet around the orang-utan, squirts some shampoo onto it's head and rubs it in.
Leela says: "You know, this might actually work."
Leela says: "The Omicronians seem to have trouble telling one person from another."
Zapp says: "True."
Zapp says: "At the negotiations, they thought Kif here was the statesman and I was a jabbering mental patient."
Zapp says: "Isn't that right, Kif?"
Kif says: "Please, I'm creating."
Kif says: "Voila!"
The orang-utan grabs a banana, eats it and scratches itself.
Bender says: "Bingo!"
Fry says: "That's Leela!"
Zapp says: "I'm seeing double!"
On the other side of the curtain, Lrrr sits at a table.
Lrrr says: "I grow hungry!"
Lrrr says: "Bring on the one called "Leela"."
A waiter fills his wine glass.
Waiter says: "That comes with salad or soup."
Lrrr says: "Uh, salad."
Waiter says: "Ranch or vinaigrette?"
Lrrr says: "Vinaigrette!"
Waiter says: "Balsamic or raspberry?"
Lrrr picks up a laser from under the table and vaporises the waiter. Zapp pulls on the cage with the orag-utan inside. Nd-Nd takes it out and puts it on the table. The crowd sees and murmurs.
Woman #4 says: "What's going on here?"
Woman #4 says: "It's very strange."
Zapp whispers into the microphone.
Zapp says: "People of Earth: Shh!"
Woman #4 says: "Oh, I get it."
Woman #5 says: "I understand."
Lrrr looks back and forth between a photo of Leela and the orang-utan. They both sit in the same pose.
Lrrr says: "Hmm."
Lrrr says: "Yes, this is one."
Lrrr says: "Definitely."
Lrrr says: "I recognise her slumping posture and hairy knuckles."
Leela is taken aback and looks at her own knuckles. Lrrr puts a lot of salt on the orang-utan.
Nd-Nd says: "Would you like some human with your salt?"
Lrrr picks up the orang-utan and opens his mouth.
Linda says: "This is it."
Linda says: "If the aliens fall for Zapp's ploy, the Earth will be saved."
Linda says: "Brought to you by Fishy Joe's."
Linda says: "Ride the walrus."
Lrrr is about to eat the orang-utan.
Waterfall Jr. says: "Wait!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Stop!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "It's a trick!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "That's not Leela."
The crowd "boos" and Lrrr puts the orang-utan back on the table. Waterfall Jr. runs onto the stage.
Lrrr says: "W-What's happening?"
Lrrr says: "I'm losing the crowd."
Waterfall Jr. says: "It's an orang-utan."
Waterfall Jr. says: "One of Mother Earth's most precious creatures."
He hugs the orang-utan and it scratches his hair and eats his fleas. Lrrr puts on a pair of glasses. Zapp grabs Waterfall Jr. by the hair and drags him away.
Zapp says: "Why'd you open your bong hole, you smelly hippie?"
Zapp says: "You'd sacrifice a beautiful woman to save a moderately-attractive monkey?"
Zapp says: "You must've smoked some bad granola."
Lrrr says: "The one called "Smelly Hippie" is right."
Lrrr says: "This is a monkey!"
Nd-Nd eats it whole.
Nd-Nd says: "Yes."
Nd-Nd says: "Definitely."
Lrrr says: "Where is the real female?"
Zapp says: "I'll never tell."
He crosses his arms and Lrrr points a laser to his head.
Lrrr says: "Where is the real female?"
Zapp says: "I'll get her for you."
He runs off. Backstage, he pushes Leela's cage out onto the stage.
Zapp says: "I realise this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again."
Leela says: "Go consummate yourself."
Lrrr says: "Stop talking, you're getting cold."
He reaches into the cage and grabs Leela around the waist.
Leela says: "Please!"
Leela says: "I just paid off my car!"
Fry says: "No!"
Bender says: "I can't look!"
He takes his eyes out, puts them in his chest cabinet and looks back towards Leela. Lrrr puts Leela in his mouth.
Poppler says: "Stop!"
Poppler says: "Now then, if Leela gets eaten, I get eaten."
The Omicronians gasp.
Nd-Nd says: "Little one, get out of there."
Nd-Nd says: "I'm going to count to blorx!"
Nd-Nd starts counting off her fingers.
Nd-Nd says: "Flingle..."
Nd-Nd says: "glorg..."
Nd-Nd says: "glorg and a gloob."
Jrrr says: "Hear me out."
Jrrr says: "There are many good reasons to eat: Hunger, boredom, wanting to be the world's fattest man."
Jrrr says: "But not revenge."
Jrrr says: "Are we no better than they?"
Jrrr says: "Besides, Leela's my friend."
Lrrr says: "Is this true, Earthling?"
Leela says: "Yeah, it is."
He takes her out of his mouth.
Lrrr says: "Leela's garbled words have opened my eyes."
The crowd cheers and Leela spits out and pokes Jrrr, who giggles. Waterfall Jr. holds the mic and strokes his hair.
Waterfall Jr. says: "OK, that's a start, that's very Earth-friendly."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Now everyone join hands."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Join hands, please."
Waterfall Jr. says: "I'd like to lead you all in some swaying."
Waterfall Jr. says: "Come on, pay attention."
Waterfall Jr. says: "I said do it!"
Waterfall Jr. says: "Yeah..."
Lrrr says: "Is he your friend too?"
Jrrr says: "No."
Lrrr eats Waterfall Jr. He pokes his head out of Lrrr's mouth.
Waterfall Jr. says: "This is not happening."
Lrrr swallows him and everyone cheers and applauds. Lrrr clutches his stomach.
Lrrr says: "I think there was something funny in that hippie."
Leela says: "Thank you, Jrrr."
Leela says: "I hope you'll always think of me as your mom."
Jrrr says: "When my species grows up, we eat our moms!"
Leela says: "Whoop!"
She tosses Jrrr to Nd-Nd.
Lrrr says: "People of Earth-- Oh, that hippie's starting to kick in."
Lrrr says: "we've all learned a valuable lesson today."
Lrrr says: "I realise now that--  Oh, wait."
Nd-Nd says: "Let's go."
She melodramatically pulls her cape across her and she and the other Omicronians walk off. Lrrr stares at his cape and feels it.
Lrrr says: "Whoa!"
Nd-Nd pushes him off the stage.
[Scene says: "Outside Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Four Omicronian ships head off into space and another follows, weaving around the sky."
Lrrr says: "Whoa, I feel like I'm flying!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table and Bender puts a plate with a cover on it."
Farnsworth says: "A toast to Leela."
Farnsworth says: "She showed us it's wrong to eat certain things."
Fry says: "Hear, hear!"
Bender says: "Let's get drunk!"
Leela says: "Aww, thanks, guys."
Leela says: "Pass the veal, please."
Bender says: "Here you go."
He passes a plate over.
Fry says: "Mmm, let me get some of that suckling pig."
Amy passes it to him. Bender holds up a plate.
Bender says: "Who wants dolphin?"
Everyone gasps.
Leela says: "Dolphin?"
Leela says: "But dolphins are intelligent."
Bender says: "Not this one."
Bender says: "He blew all his money on instant lottery tickets."
Fry says: "OK."
Leela says: "Oh, OK."
Amy says: "That's different."
Farnsworth says: "Good, good."
Leela says: "Pass the blowhole."
Amy says: "Can I have a fluke?"
Hermes says: "Hey, quit hogging the bottle-nose."
Farnsworth says: "Toss me the speech centre of the brain!"
Closing Credits.