[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Now With Chucklelin."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the couch while Leela perches on the end of it."
[Scene says: "Fry tears open a pack of Styro-Pak Cookies."
Leela says: "Fry, I know those cookies are fresh-a-licious but they produce an awful lot of trash."
Fry takes out a small pack marked "Top", opens it, takes something out and puts it in a machine. He throws the packet on a pile of other packets. He rips open another pack marked "Bottom" and puts it in the other side of the machine. He rips open another pack marked "Middle", puts it in the middle of the machine and pulls a lever on the machine. The machine compresses the cookie sections and makes a cream filled cookie. He pulls it apart a licks out the cream from the middle. Bender sprays his antenna with something and slicks it back.
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "Thank you."
Leela says: "But it's doing long-term damage to the planet."
Bender says: "So?"
Bender says: "It's not like it's the only one we've got."
Enter Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm sending you on an extremely controversial mission."
Fry says: "Controversial?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, no."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The lights are dimmed and there is a hologram in the middle of the table of the Planet Express ship docking with a tanker."
Farnsworth says: "For this highly controversial mission you'll be towing the Juan Valdez, an orbiting supertanker full of rich Columbian dark matter."
Leela says: "Dark matter oil?"
Leela says: "What if we hit something?"
Leela says: "The tanker could leak."
Farnsworth says: "Impossible!"
Leela says: "Protestors?"
Farnsworth says: "Correct."
Farnsworth says: "6,000 hulls."
Leela says: "Why do we have to fly within three feet of this penguin preserve on Pluto?"
Farnsworth says: "To avoid the tollbooth."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Leela wears her green jacket and Farnsworth points at something on the ship to Bender."
[Scene says: "Fry walks down the steps with an empty trolley."
Fry says: "OK, she's all restocked with emergency jam."
Fry says: "Let's get going."
Leela says: "At the risk of sounding negative: No!"
Leela says: "Look, Professor, I can't participate in this mission."
Farnsworth says: "What are you yapping about?"
Leela says: "This time it's your reckless disregard for the environment."
Leela says: "In fact, I'm gonna go join those protestors."
Farnsworth says: "This is an outrage!"
Farnsworth says: "I demand you hand over your captain's jacket."
Leela says: "This is my normal jacket."
Leela says: "I've had it for 10 years."
Farnsworth says: "I said hand it over!"
Farnsworth says: "No, I shouldn't."
Farnsworth says: "Because Bender is the new captain!"
Fry says: "Bender?"
Farnsworth says: "That's right."
Farnsworth says: "Being captain is about intuition and heart."
Farnsworth says: "A good captain can't have either one."
Farnsworth says: "That's why cold, logical Bender is perfect for the job."
Bender says: "Well, I do think of human life as expendable."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Bender sits in the pilot's seat and Zoidberg mans a console."
Fry says: "No fair!"
Fry says: "Leela was training me to be captain."
Fry says: "She even let me sit in her lap and steer -- in this comic I drew."
He takes out a piece of paper. Zoidberg turns around.
Zoidberg says: "Ooh!"
Zoidberg says: "The new one's out!"
He takes it.
Bender says: "Fry, the title of captain may inflate the human ego, but it's beneath the notice of my mighty robo-logic."
Bender says: "Now look spry, men!"
Bender says: "We launch at six bells!"
He takes a bell out of his chest cabinet and rings it six times.
[Scene says: "A convoy of protestors in ships fly towards the Juan Valdez which is orbiting Earth."
[Scene says: "They tow banners such as "Save The Crested Spinepecker" and "Think Intergalactically, Act Interplanetarily"."
[Scene says: "A Green Party ship full of Kif's people fly by and a larger ship belonging to Penguins Unlimited flies by."
[Cut to says: "Penguins Unlimited Ship."
[Cut to says: "A crowd of protestors are gathered on the deck for a speech by Free Waterfall Sr."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Greetings, Econauts."
Waterfall Sr. says: "I'm Free Waterfall Sr."
Waterfall Sr. says: ", founder of Penguins Unlimited."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Please hold your thumbs until the end."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Now, folks, it's time to stop that tanker with a non-violent human circle."
Leela says: "Why do we have to resort to non-violence?"
Leela says: "Can't we just kick their asses?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Now, little lady, those people's asses are living things too."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship beeps as it back up and docks with the Juan Valdez, using a tow bar."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Bender says: "Aye!"
Bender says: "We're hitched up tighter than Davy Jones' U-Haul!"
Bender says: "At ease, men."
Fry swats a fly on his arm while lying back with his feet up.
Fry says: "I am at ease."
Bender says: "Mr."
Bender says: "Fry, I like to give my first mate an informal nickname."
Bender says: "From now on you will be known as..."
Bender says: "Wiggles!"
He wiggles his fingers.
Fry says: "The hell I will!"
Fry says: "Have you even read the Captain's Handbook?"
He holds up the Captain's Handbook Now With Pop-up Sextant. Bender takes it and flips through it quickly.
Bender says: "I have now."
Bender says: "And what's Peter Parrot's first rule of captaining?"
Fry says: "Always respect the chain o' command..."
Fry says: "captain."
Bender says: "Correct, Wiggles."
He leaves and Zoidberg leans over the back of his chair.
Zoidberg says: "The captain's table!"
Zoidberg says: "What an honour!"
[Scene says: "Hundreds of protestors have surrounded the tanker in a human circle."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Our peace ring has 'em trapped like a tiger in a washing machine!"
The engine of the Planet Express ship flares up.
Leela says: "Get ready!"
Protestor #1 says: "Look out!"
Protestor #2 says: "Hold on!"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Here they come!"
The ship rises up from the middle of the peace ring and tows the tanker over the top of the protestors. It flies away.
Leela says: "When you were planning this peace ring, didn't you realise spaceships can move in three dimensions?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "No, I did not."
[Scene says: "The protestors' ships fly towards Pluto, passing a "Pluto - Last Restroom Before Proxima Centauri" sign."
[Scene says: "Outside Penguins Unlimited HQ."
[Scene says: "The protestors walk towards the building on the icy Pluto surface."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Folks, that tanker gave us the slip, but we'll stop 'em here on Pluto."
Waterfall Sr. says: "If you're cold, rub your bodies with permafrost."
Waterfall Sr. says: "It's nature's long johns."
Waterfall Sr. says: "If rubbing frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey, I don't wanna be right!"
[Scene says: "Penguins Unlimited HQ."
[Scene says: "Enter the protestors."
[Scene says: "The building is a large glass dome."
[Scene says: "In the middle of the room are holes in the ground with bars around them."
[Scene says: "Waterfall shows Leela what is inside."
Waterfall Sr. says: "This here is our penguin preserve."
In the holes baby penguins cheep.
Leela says: "Aw!"
Leela says: "They're so cute!"
Leela says: "They're like if puppies and kittens could have babies!"
Waterfall Sr. says: "We use hand puppets around the young'uns to simulate a natural environment."
In the hole a man's arm with a penguin puppet over his hand appears from under the floor. The beak opens and the man feeds the baby penguins little fish. They grab his hand and bite it and one steals his watch. He screams.
Leela says: "That's adorable!"
The man screams louder.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies past Saturn with the tanker still in tow."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "A table tennis table has been set up as a dining table."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Fry are in the middle of a pasta meal."
Bender says: "But I suppose it's this medal I'm most proud of, Wiggles."
Bender says: "I won it for saving the children of Earth from a giant kangaroo."
Bender says: "It was on the Australian news, you probably didn't see it."
Zoidberg, sitting at the other end of the table across the net, claps.
Zoidberg says: "Brilliant!"
Fry says: "Would you cram a sock in it, Bender?"
Fry says: "Those aren't even medals, they're bottle-caps and pepperoni slices!"
Bender rings a bell and Zoidberg refills his glass.
Bender says: "Thank you, steward."
Bender says: "Wiggles, weren't you about to propose a toast to your gallant captain?"
Fry says: "Fine, I've got a toast."
Fry says: "To Captain Bender, he's the best..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "at being a big jerk who's stupid and his big, ugly face is as dumb as a butt."
Bender says: "Eh, I've heard better."
Fry says: "If I were in charge I wouldn't treat you like this."
Fry says: "You're nothing but a big blowhard."
He knocks Bender's bell off the table. Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Sir, you forget yourself!"
Bender says: "Shut up!"
He knocks Fry's plate off the table. It hits the wall and slides down to the floor. Zoidberg looks at it, dives to the floor and eats what's left of Fry's food.
Fry says: "Being captain is obviously more important to you than being my friend."
Fry says: "I'm going."
Bender says: "Going?"
Bender says: "But a captain can't drink without his first mate."
Fry leaves. Zoidberg peeps over the edge of the table.
Zoidberg says: "You can drink with me maybe?"
Bender says: "I don't feel like drinking."
He takes off his hat and starts to walk out.
Zoidberg says: "Then, if you'll excuse me, I see some ravioli that only has two shoe prints on it."
Zoidberg says: "Three."
[Scene says: "The ship and tanker fly past Neptune, Urectum and Charon and head for Pluto."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Bender is sober and his face is covered in five o'clock rust."
[Cut to says: "He lies back in the pilot's seat and looks like he is about to slide of as he steers the ship wildly."
A land that bears no green,.
Where there's ice and snow,.
And the whale fishes blow,.
And the--.
Enter Zoidberg with a bottle of Olde Fortran.
Zoidberg says: "Captain, please, have some liquor."
Zoidberg says: "You robots need alcohol to function."
Bender says: "I'm a good captain."
Zoidberg says: "Please, sir, I love you like a father!"
Bender grabs the wheel and steers the ship sharply starboard, knocking Zoidberg off balance. He screams as he falls.
[Scene says: "Pluto Surface."
[Scene says: "The protestors hold up signs such as "Give A Hooto Don't Pollute Pluto!"
[Scene says: "", "Preserve Our Useless Wasteland" and "Free Chilly Willy"."
Protestor #3 says: "Here they come."
Protestor #3 says: "Oh, I hope they read my sign!"
He holds up the sign that reads "Go Away Tanker!" The ship and tanker fly over the planet surface upside-down.
Leela says: "Bender's flying too low!"
Leela says: "And he's upside-down!"
Protestor #3 says: "He must be talking on a cell phone!"
The tanker hits an iceberg and it scrapes a huge hole along the hull releasing a flood of oil.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The room is flooded with red light and the message "Danger" repeatedly flashes on the screens."
[Cut to says: "Bender snores loudly."
[Cut to says: "Enter Fry and Zoidberg."
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Zoidberg turns on another screen that displays the extent of the damage to the tanker. There is a huge gash most of the way along the hull. A gauge at one side of the screen drops as the dark matter levels go down.
Zoidberg says: "All 6,000 hulls have been breached!"
Fry falls to his knees.
Fry says: "Oh, the fools!"
Fry says: "If only they'd built it with 6,001 hulls!"
Fry says: "When will they learn?"
[Cut to says: "Pluto Surface."
[Cut to says: "The leaking tanker speeds towards the screaming protestors and a wave of dark matter oil washes towards them."
[Cut to says: "Leela sighs and zips up her coat around her head."
[Cut to says: "Her eye stares through her coat hood as the wave engulfs her and the others."
[Scene says: "Prison Cell."
[Scene says: "On the TV in the corner, Morbo and Linda present a news report under the headline "Tanked!"
Linda says: "story."
Linda says: "The crisis on Pluto worsens as dark matter spreads throughout the penguin habitat."
Linda says: "The images are truly horrific."
The picture changes to oil-covered penguins. One coughs and two others slip on the oil with crazy sound effects added. The caption on the screen reads "Sound Effects Added To Lessen Tragedy". Another penguin repeatedly slips over with boingy sounds to go with it. Leela is interviewed.
Leela says: "I don't think any of us can understand how those poor, oil-drenched penguins feel."
She slips over with added sound effects. The scene returns to the studio and Morbo laughs.
Morbo says: "At the time of the crash, the tanker captain had an alcohol level of."
Morbo says: "08 percent -- well below the legal limit for robots."
A picture of Bender appears in the corner of the screen with his arms up trying to hide his face from the cameras. Bender sighs and turns away from the TV and holds the cell bars. The Hyper-Chicken lawyer paces around on the other side.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble."
Hyper-Chicken says: "But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused."
Bender says: "Five hours?"
Bender says: "Aw, man!"
Bender says: "Couldn't you just got me the death penalty?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "I'd have done better but it's plum hard pleadin' a case while awaitin' trial for that there incompetence!"
He grabs hold of the bars. It is he who is in prison rather than Bender.
Bender says: "Yeah, uh, good luck with that."
He walks out.
[Scene says: "Pluto Surface."
[Scene says: "Bender scrubs the penguins while Smitty and URL watch him."
[Scene says: "Penguins Unlimited Shelter."
[Scene says: "The activists clean the oil from the penguins."
[Scene says: "One bathes them, Free Waterfall Sr."
[Scene says: "rubs them dry with a towel and Leela blow-dries them."
[Scene says: "She puts one down on the ground, licks her finger and rubs it's cheek like a mother."
Leela says: "Now you stay away from those puffin twins."
She sends it on it's way. Waterfall gives some more survival tips to people.
Waterfall Sr. says: "Good way to avoid frostbite, folks: Put your hands between your buttocks."
Waterfall Sr. says: "That's nature's pocket."
Leela says: "Uh..."
Leela says: "I think I'll go check on Bender."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Watch that he doesn't pick your pocket."
[Cut to says: "Pluto Surface."
[Cut to says: "Bender holds a penguin over his head and wrings the oil into his mouth."
Bender says: "Ah, can't beat fresh-squeezed!"
Enter Leela.
Leela says: "Bender, can you at least pretend you're being punished?"
Leela says: "And clean the black parts too."
She walks off. Bender mocks her. Smitty and URL look at some penguins.
Smitty says: "Are they black with white feathers or white with black feathers?"
URL says: "It don't matter, baby, they're all beautiful!"
They hug.
Bender says: "Yo, screws, more Tegrin over here?"
Bender says: "Oh, ho!"
Bender says: "What's this?"
He ducks behind an ice rock, pulls a tuxedo out of his chest cabinet and puts it on. He lowers his legs to penguin height and wanders over to the flock of penguins and cackles. Smitty and URL stop hugging and look around. Bender is gone.
URL says: "Aw, man!"
URL says: "He got away!"
Smitty says: "I guess this is why Chief says no hugging."
Time Lapse. The Penguins Unlimited group heads for the Penguins Unlimited HQ.
Waterfall Sr. says: "Good work, everyone."
Waterfall Sr. says: "I suggest you all go get some sleep."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Me, well, I'm gonna stay up all night singing songs about penguins in a fine, piercing tenor."
Leela says: "Has anyone seen Bender?"
Leela says: "Here robot, robot, robot."
[Scene says: "Penguins Unlimited HQ Rec Room."
[Scene says: "Fry and Zoidberg play on a games console."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Leela says: "Hey, why weren't you Kong donkeys outside cleaning up?"
Zoidberg says: "They sent us inside for doing an unsatisfactory job."
Zoidberg says: "And eating penguin eggs."
Fry says: "You ate most of them."
Fry says: "So, where's Captain Bender?"
Fry says: "Off catastrophising some other planet?"
He chuckles. Zoidberg slaps him.
Zoidberg says: "Damnit, Fry!"
Zoidberg says: "He may have done wrong, but he's still your captain."
Leela says: "I'm worried about him."
Leela says: "He didn't come back with the group."
Fry says: "He didn't?"
Leela says: "No, and with wind-chill it's 20 degrees below absolute zero."
Leela says: "I'd better go find him."
She pulls her hood over her head and starts to leave. Fry grabs her shoulder.
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "Let me."
Fry says: "Bender and I have our disagreements, but we're still friends and I'm gonna show him what that means."
Fry says: "To the ship."
Leela says: "Why don't you just walk?"
Leela says: "He was only about 20 yards from here."
Fry says: "Madam, I am in command now."
He walks out and Zoidberg follows him.
Zoidberg says: "Such a man!"
Zoidberg says: "I'd follow him to hell and back, I would."
[Scene says: "Outside Penguins Unlimited HQ."
[Scene says: "The ship takes off and reverses away from the building."
[Scene says: "Pluto Surface."
[Scene says: "Night has fallen and the penguins and Bender sleep."
[Scene says: "Bender snores."
[Scene says: "The penguins wake up and walk."
[Scene says: "Bender, still asleep, walks with them."
[Scene says: "He wakes up and panics."
Bender says: "What the--?"
Bender says: "What's this water made of, ice?"
Bender says: "Forget this!"
He swims away but a whale grabs hold of him and throws him around, diving in and out of the water. The whale spits him out and he lands head-first on the land. A surge of electricity wraps around him and he whistles like R2-D2 and falls over then blacks out.
[Time Lapse. Bender re-boots. His eyes open says: "1) Acquire Food."
his system scans the local lifeforms. He resets to penguin mode says: "1) Acquire Food."
loads the penguin language. Tasks says: "1) Acquire Food."
[Time Lapse. Bender re-boots. His eyes open says: "2) Frolic."
his system scans the local lifeforms. He resets to penguin mode says: "2) Frolic."
loads the penguin language. Tasks says: "2) Frolic."
[Time Lapse. Bender re-boots. His eyes open says: "He stands up and looks around."
his system scans the local lifeforms. He resets to penguin mode says: "He stands up and looks around."
loads the penguin language. Tasks says: "He stands up and looks around."
Penguin #1 says: "Full of fish?"
Bender says: "Not entirely."
Penguin #1 says: "Then let's fish."
The penguins and Bender head back towards the lake.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry flies the ship through space and Zoidberg looks anxiously through the window."
Zoidberg says: "Captain, I don't think we're on Pluto any longer."
Zoidberg says: "In fact, we may have left space as we know it."
Fry says: "Then where are we?"
Fry says: "You said you knew how to navigate."
Zoidberg says: "Stop yelling at me!"
He bursts into tears.
[Scene says: "Pluto Surface."
[Scene says: "The flock of penguins chatter to each other."
[Scene says: "Bender looks sadly at a family of penguins."
[Scene says: "He looks away and sees a female penguin."
[Scene says: "He wanders over to her but a male penguin steps in his way and squawks at him."
[Scene says: "He sees another female penguin, walks towards her and kisses her perhaps."
[Scene says: "They both waddle off together."
[Montage says: "The penguins fish."
[Montage says: "They slide down an ice bank and dive into the water."
[Montage says: "Bender slides down halfway but his antenna gets stuck in the ice and he stops, causing a pile-up of penguins behind him."
[Montage says: "Next, he prepares to sit on some eggs to keep them warm but accidentally squashes them instead."
[Montage says: "He looks embarrassed and covers the yolk stain on him with his tux tails."
[Montage says: "In the water, penguins catch one or two fish in their beaks and Bender uses his antenna to harpoon three at once."
[Montage says: "Back on land, Bender stands up."
[Montage says: "There are two baby penguins underneath him."
[Montage says: "He sees another penguin regurgitate food for it's little ones."
[Montage says: "He picks up a fish and throws it into his mouth which acts as a blender."
[Montage says: "At the end of the day Bender sits with the group of penguins and chatters."
[Scene says: "Penguins Unlimited HQ Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "On a blackboard is a diagram of one penguin, followed by an arrow, followed by lots of penguins."
[Scene says: "Free Waterfall Sr."
[Scene says: "stands at a lectern in front of the board."
[Scene says: "Hippies are on seats around the room."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Folks, it's worse than we thought."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Seems dark matter is nature's sex drug."
Waterfall Sr. says: "It's like a perverted trail mix of penguin oestrogen, penguin Viagra and Spanish penguin fly."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Why, it's making them ultra-fertile."
Leela says: "How ultra?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Well your garden variety penguin lays one egg a year."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Since the spill our penguins have been laying six eggs every 15 minutes."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Also, the males are laying eggs."
The hippies gasp again. A man faints and a doctor rushes to him.
Doctor says: "This man is over-gasped."
He and another hippie carry the man out.
Waterfall Sr. says: "If the birds keep multiplying there'll soon be too many to count."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Before long the penguins will exhaust their food supply and starve to death."
Leela says: "Oh, if only we hadn't flown penguins to Pluto and dumped oil on them, this might never have happened."
Leela says: "Can't we stop them from multiplying?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Yes, I reckon it is our responsibility."
Waterfall Sr. says: "And thankfully we have a plan."
Leela says: "What is it?"
Leela says: "We'll do anything."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Everyone, grab your guns."
Waterfall Sr. says: "I declare penguin hunting season officially open."
He pulls out a gun and cocks it and so do the other hippies. Leela looks around in horror.
[Scene says: "Outside Penguins Unlimited HQ."
[Scene says: "The penguins have multiplied so much that most of the once ice-covered landscape outside the building is now filled with a sea of penguins."
[Cut to says: "Penguins Unlimited HQ Rec Room."
[Cut to says: "The hippies clean out their guns."
Leela says: "You can't shoot penguins."
Leela says: "Isn't there some way to keep them from breeding?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Cold showers don't work on Antarctic creatures."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Now surely you agree that a quick, semi-painless death is a damn sight better than weeks of starvation."
Leela says: "Well, I suppose..."
Leela says: "But-- I mean-- I joined Penguins Unlimited to love penguins, not to hunt them."
Waterfall Sr. says: "This time the two are one and the same!"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Now are you with us or are you gonna let innocent penguins suffer?"
He pulls back a curtain. Outside the penguins are squashed up against the window. Leela takes a step back.
Leela says: "Oh, God!"
Leela says: "It's inhuman!"
Leela says: "It's like Hong Kong!"
Leela says: "I'll do it!"
[Scene says: "Outside Penguins Unlimited HQ."
[Scene says: "Leela holds a gun."
Waterfall Sr. says: "That's a good old-fashioned gun."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Simple point-and-click interface."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Rifle check!"
The hunters cock their guns and laugh.
Hunter #1 says: "Oh, yeah!"
Hunter #2 says: "Wee doggy!"
Leela says: "Hey, you're enjoying this."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Look, nobody enjoys shooting penguins."
Waterfall Sr. says: "But if you have to shoot penguins, well, you might as well enjoy it."
Leela says: "I'm sorry, but if it's fun in any way it's not environmentalism."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Oh, really?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "How 'bout blowing up dams?"
Leela says: "Yeah..."
Leela says: "that is fun."
He cocks his gun.
Waterfall Sr. says: "Let's conservate!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship glides through space with a giant space-squid holding onto it."
[Scene says: "Fry screams."
Zoidberg says: "It's been an honour to serve under you, sir!"
[Scene says: "Pluto Surface."
[Scene says: "Leela walks over the icy surface with her gun."
[Scene says: "She crawls to a ledge and sees a flock of penguins."
Leela says: "Alright, this is for their own good."
Leela says: "Don't leave orphans."
Leela says: "Gotta kill entire families."
Leela says: "What's going on?"
Leela says: "Were you hiding out with these little guys?"
Bender says: "Of course not."
Bender says: "Filthy ice rats!"
Bender says: "Scat!"
Bender says: "Shoo!"
Bender says: "Gah!"
Bender says: "What are you doing?"
Bender says: "Get away!"
Leela says: "Aw!"
Leela says: "They love you!"
Bender says: "Well I don't love them."
Bender says: "I don't know why but when I look down at their little faces, it makes me wanna puke!"
Bender says: "In a good way!"
They hear some guns firing and turn around and see the hunters.
Penguins says: "Stand still."
Penguins says: "It's our only hope."
Bender says: "That's puffin talk."
Bender says: "Now follow me!"
He runs away and they follow. Leela turns to the hunters.
Leela says: "Stop!"
Leela says: "Stop shooting!"
Leela says: "It's me, Leela."
A hunter shoots off a bit of her hood.
Hunter #2 says: "Sorry."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Why aren't you firing randomly into those birds, little lady?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Don't you wanna help 'em?"
Leela says: "Not this way."
Waterfall Sr. says: "What?"
Waterfall Sr. says: "Why you're not a tree-hugging kook at all!"
Leela says: "Look, I don't know if shooting penguins will help the environment or not."
Leela says: "But I do know the decision shouldn't be in the hands of people who just wanna kill for fun."
Waterfall Sr. says: "Leela, you may just be farming some free-range truth there."
Waterfall Sr. says: "On the other hand, we already made up 200 pounds of batter for penguin tempura."
Waterfall Sr. says: "OK, boys, it's them or us!"
They cock their guns.
Leela says: "No!"
They get ready to shoot but the penguins are gone.
Waterfall Sr. says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Attack!"
He and the penguins stand on a ledge behind the hunters. They slide down head-first towards the hunters. Leela dives out of the way and the penguins swarm the hunters.
Hunter #1 says: "Whoa!"
Hunter #2 says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "We will fight them on the beaches!"
Bender says: "We will fight them on the glaciers!"
Some penguins catch up with Waterfall and he falls over. They engulf him and start to eat him.
Waterfall Sr. says: "Make sure they use every part of my body!"
A man appears and shakes his fist.
Old Man Waterfall says: "I'll avenge your death, son!"
Leela and Bender watch the penguins feast.
Leela says: "They used to be such peaceful birds."
Leela says: "I suppose this was your doing."
Bender says: "Yep."
Bender says: "It's like I taught 'em: If it ain't black and white, peck scratch and bite!"
Bender says: "Now to take off my tuxedo."
Bender says: "Guys, it's me!"
Bender says: "Your lovable dictator!"
Bender says: "Uh-oh!"
The penguins chase them. One pecks Bender's ass. They come to the top of an ice hill and peer over the other side. It is very steep.
Leela says: "Oh, if only we had a toboggan."
She looks up and down at Bender.
Time Lapse. They both slide down the mountain.
Bender says: "Faster!"
Bender says: "Faster!"
Leela, the toboggan, slides down the hillside. They slide onto a piece of ice jutting out into the water. Bender stomps across it and it cracks and floats away from the land. The penguins watch them float away.
Leela says: "Phew!"
Bender says: "Oh, phew!"
Bender says: "Oh, right, they can swim."
Bender says: "It's all coming back to me now."
The penguins climb onto the ice block and Bender and Leela back away to the other side. The penguins surround them. The Planet Express ship flies overhead.
Leela says: "It's Fry!"
Bender says: "Wiggles?"
Fry lands the ship on the other side of the ice block. Its weight tips the ice back and the penguins slide down it. The whale appears on the other side and the penguins slide into it's mouth.
Leela says: "Well, at least it'll help reduce their population."
Bender says: "Yeah, life is hilariously cruel."
Bender says: "Permission to come aboard, Wiggles?"
Fry pulls him up onto the lift.
Fry says: "Granted."
Fry says: "We can't take off without our captain."
He takes off Bender's hat and gives it to him. Leela clears her throat. She is still hanging on to the edge of the ice block.
Bender says: "Oh, and bring my toboggan."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Fry flies the ship away from Pluto."
Fry says: "So, Leela, were you able to help the penguins?"
Leela says: "Well, sure."
Leela says: "I mean..."
Leela says: "not really."
Leela says: "I mean..."
Leela says: "nature will work itself out."
Leela says: "It can't screw things up any worse than we did trying to fix things, right?"
Fry says: "I 'unno."
Bender says: "Ah, quit your worrying."
Bender says: "Thanks to my shining influence those stupid birds'll do just fine."
[Cut to says: "Pluto Surface."
[Cut to says: "The shadows of two penguins creep over two abandoned guns."
[Cut to says: "They pick the guns up, point them at each other and cock them."
Closing Credits.