[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Please Rise For The Futurama Theme Song."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "On the TV, Morbo and Linda present an early morning breakfast programme called Good Morning Earth."
[Scene says: "They wear pyjamas and sit in a cosy sitting room set."
Morbo says: "So I gave the cookies you made to Fawn and the kids and they couldn't believe it -- they were delicious."
Morbo says: "But, I digress."
Morbo says: "Tremble, puny earthlings!"
Morbo says: "One day my race will destroy you all!"
Leela, Fry and Bender eat while they watch. The doorbell rings and there is the sound of footsteps running away.
Leela says: "Could one of you guys get that?"
They both shake their heads and she narrows her eye at them.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Entrance."
[Scene says: "Leela opens the door and looks around but there doesn't appear to be anyone there."
[Scene says: "She hears a squealing noise, looks down and gasps."
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
Leela says: "It's a doorbell baby!"
Leela says: "Hello, little guy."
Bender says: "Garbage, huh?"
Bender says: "I'll take care of it."
He stamps on the basket.
Leela says: "Bender, stop!"
Leela says: "It's a baby!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Leela bends down and unwraps the blankets. There is no baby inside. Instead, there is a green card with a sad-looking kid on it holding up an empty food dish. Written along the top of the card is "Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium".
Leela says: "Oh, it's just a card."
Leela says: "From the orphanarium I grew up in."
The card speaks with a child's voice.
Card says: "Leela, you're invited to a reunion at Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium."
Card says: "Please stand clear of self-destructing basket."
The basket explodes.
Bender says: "A reunion at your old orphanarium, eh?"
Bender says: "You gonna go?"
Leela says: "No way, Jose-bot."
Leela says: "I never wanna see those other orphans again!"
Leela says: "Not after the way they used to pick on me."
Flashback. In the kids' playground at the orphanarium where everything is broken the kids stand around young Leela, pointing and chanting.
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kirk says: "Nice depth-perception, one-eye!"
He laughs.
Leela says: "How can you make fun of me, Kirk?"
Leela says: "You're blind!"
Kirk says: "My eyes may not work, but at least I got two of them!"
He laughs again. Leela sighs.
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "Aww."
Fry says: "That's terrible, Leela."
Fry says: "But imagine the look on their faces when you show up with two friends who eat all the hors d'Oeuvres."
Leela says: "Well, I wouldn't mind rubbing my success in a few choice faces."
Bender says: "Set a course for adventure!"
[Scene says: "Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium Lobby."
[Scene says: "There are broken, leaking pipes running across the ceiling, the windows are barred up and owls scavenge around the floor."
[Scene says: "Leela wears a purple suit."
Fry says: "Ew!"
Bender says: "What a dump!"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Just like old times."
Leela says: "Gosh!"
Leela says: "The bars on the windows seemed so much thicker back then."
Leela says: "Mr."
Leela says: "Vogel?"
Leela says: "Remember me?"
Vogel says: "Leela!"
Vogel says: "You're worthless and no one will ever love you!"
They both laugh.
Leela says: "You used to say that all the time!"
Vogel says: "Oh, those were happier days."
[Scene says: "Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium Gymnasium."
[Scene says: "A "Welcome, Orphans" banner has been strung up across the ceiling and the room has been decorated with balloons and streamers."
[Scene says: "There is a sign that says "Please Abandon Coats In Lobby" next to the buffet table where Fry and Bender stand."
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Fry says: "The gristle-in-a-blanket isn't half bad."
Bender says: "And try one of these Popsicle sticks."
Bender says: "They've absorbed quite a bit of flavour."
Leela says: "Hey, look."
Leela says: "It's our old group picture."
They look at a black and white photo of the orphans and a younger Vogel. Fry squints.
Fry says: "I don't see you anywhere."
Leela says: "That's me over in Cootietown."
She points at herself, standing apart from the group. Bender points at someone in the back row.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "Get a load of this average-looking guy!"
Leela says: "That's Adlai Atkins."
Leela says: "I used to have kind of a crush on him."
Flashback. The scene continues from earlier with the kids still chanting.
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
French Guy says: "Stupid as a French guy!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Kids says: "One-eye!"
Adlai chants with the others and Leela looks at him with lovey eyes and sighs.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "Well, it's time to say hello to the old gang."
She gulps down her drink, then Bender's and then the water from a vase of flowers. On the other side of the gym, the orphans have turned into bums.
Man #1 says: "So, whatcha been up to since you left the orphanarium?"
Man #2 says: "Uh, living in a box, fighting the shakes."
Man #2 says: "You?"
Man #1 says: "Selling kidneys, teeth, whatever falls out of me."
Leela says: "And what am I up to, you ask?"
Leela says: "Why, I'm a very successful space captain."
Man #2 says: "Oh."
Man #1 says: "Wow."
Man #3 says: "How nice for you, Leela."
Woman says: "That's so good for a person with one eye."
Leela says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "You can't feel sorry for me!"
Leela says: "I'm a space captain and you're a bunch of losers."
Man #1 says: "Uh, right, right."
Man #1 says: "We're the losers!"
He coughs and a tooth falls out of his mouth. Kirk arrives.
Kirk says: "Well, if it isn't old one-eye!"
He laughs.
Leela says: "Oh, yeah?"
Leela says: "Well, shut up, cane boy!"
Man #3 says: "He can't hear you."
Man #3 says: "He's deaf now."
Adlai says: "Leave Leela alone."
Adlai says: "She's leading a perfectly normal life."
Adlai says: "She's not gussied up, duded out, getting down or where it's at."
Adlai says: "Now run along."
The others leave.
Leela says: "Thanks, Adlai."
Leela says: "I guess you never really outgrow being an eyeball-- Oddball!"
Adlai says: "Nonsense."
Adlai says: "You're a space captain."
Adlai says: "That's a fine, conventional profession."
Leela says: "Well, you know, it's just for a package delivery service."
Adlai says: "Ah-ah."
Adlai says: "A package is just a box until it's delivered."
Leela says: "Huh."
Leela says: "I'd never thought of it that way."
Leela says: "So what do you do these days?"
Adlai says: "Oh, I'm a doctor."
Leela says: "A tall doctor, you say?"
She brushes her fingers through her hair. At the bar, Bender drinks down one glass while another is being refilled. Vogel stands behind Fry with 12 kids.
Vogel says: "Sir, you seem pretty stable."
Vogel says: "Have you thought about adopting one of our kids?"
Fry says: "Sure haven't."
Vogel says: "Well keep adoption in mind."
Vogel says: "It's a great way to have a kid without having sex."
Fry says: "Really?"
Vogel says: "Plus, the government will help out with a small stipend of $100 a week."
Bender says: "$100 a week?"
He spits out his drink, has it refilled, drinks it and spits it out again. Aldai and Leela look at the group photos.
Adlai says: "I'm so sorry I teased you back then."
Adlai says: "Let me make it up to you."
Adlai says: "I can fix it so no one ever makes fun of you again."
Leela says: "You mean by beating them up?"
Leela says: "Because I've broken that blind kid's nose like 10 times and it doesn't make any difference."
Adlai says: "No, I specialise in phaser eye surgery."
Adlai says: "I can build you a paraffin eye and graft it on with skin from your foot."
Adlai says: "It won't be able to see but you'll look like a perfectly normal two-eyed person."
Leela says: "Me?"
Leela says: "Perfectly normal?"
She touches her eye and it squelches. Fry eats more of the hors d'Oeuvres and turns around when he hears laughing kids. Bender is with the kids.
Bender says: "Sons, daughters, meet Uncle Fry."
Fry says: "Hey, why are those kids following you?"
Fry says: "Do you have candy stuck to your ass?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "It's called "parenting"."
Bender says: "Come on, dumplings."
Bender says: "We've got 12 government stipends to collect."
The kids cheer.
Boy says: "Our daddy's a giant toy!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the conference table."
Farnsworth says: "Phaser eye surgery is a capital idea."
Farnsworth says: "I'm sure Leela's tired of morons gaping at her eye all the time."
He gapes at her.
Amy says: "I think cosmetic surgery's great, Leela."
Amy says: "I used to be too cute, so I had cuteness-reduction surgery here..."
Amy says: "..."
Amy says: "and here."
She points to her nose.
Fry says: "You guys are crazy."
Fry says: "Leela doesn't need surgery."
Fry says: "You look great the way you are."
Leela says: "Oh, that's so sweet, Fry."
Leela says: "But for once in my life, I just wanna look normal."
Fry says: "But you're better than normal, you're abnormal."
Fry says: "If you ask me, you shouldn't care what other people think."
Leela says: "You're right!"
Leela says: "I'll start by not caring what you think!"
Leela says: "I'm getting the surgery."
Farnsworth says: "That a girl!"
Amy says: "Right on!"
Zoidberg says: "Wonderful."
Zoidberg says: "And while you're under the knife, you could also get an ink pouch to help you escape your enemies."
Farnsworth says: "That's the stupidest idea I've ever heard, you imbecile!"
He raises a rolled-up newspaper at Zoidberg. Zoidberg sprays ink at his face and runs off, wooping.
[Scene says: "Taco Bellevue Hospital."
[Scene says: "There is a sign outside that says "Normal, Healthy Baby?"
[Scene says: "Super-Size It For 49c!"
[Scene says: "" Inside, the Planet Express staff and Adlai stand around Leela's bed."
[Scene says: "The entire top half of Leela's head is covered with bandages."
Adlai says: "Now we'll find out if the operation was a success."
Adlai says: "Hold on to your hats."
Adlai says: "Oops."
He scribbles on a new pupil with a marker pen.
Amy says: "Leela, those eyes look so great on you."
Fry says: "Bah!"
Fry says: "I think she looked fine before."
Farnsworth says: "No."
Zoidberg says: "No."
Amy says: "Uh-uh."
Hermes says: "Wrong."
Leela looks at herself in a mirror.
Leela says: "Wow, look at me."
Leela says: "Although I don't have the hang of blinking yet."
Adlai says: "You'll get it."
Adlai says: "Personally, I try not to blink too much because it seems flashy."
Adlai says: "But when I do, I enjoy it."
She tries again and succeeds. She gasps.
Leela says: "I did it!"
Leela says: "I blunk!"
Hermes says: "And just in time to screw up this picture I took!"
He shows her a photo of her blinking.
Leela says: "Hooray!"
[Montage says: "Leela gets accustomed to her new life to Roy Orbison's Pretty Woman."
[Montage says: "She carries a box marked "Leela's Monocles" through the front door of her apartment building and drops it in the bin."
[Montage says: "Later, she comes out of the Eye Robot wearing two pairs of sunglasses, a pair of binoculars and carrying a pair of theatre specs."
[Montage says: "She walks past Mom's sons and winks at them."
[Montage says: "They stop and bump into each other."
Walt says: "Ow!"
Igner says: "Ow!"
Larry says: "Ow!"
Amy shows Leela how to apply eyeliner. She puts it across her eyes first and watches Leela try. Leela smears it all the way across her brow. Amy shakes her head, licks her finger, and rubs it off in the middle. Leela smiles. On the street, Leela bumps into Kirk. She takes his hand and feels her face with it. He groans with disappointment.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Hermes, Amy and Fry sit on the couch."
Leela says: "I've never felt so unremarkable!"
Leela says: "Today I actually blended in with a crowd!"
She laughs. Bender walks in with the kids.
Bender says: "Kids, meet the jerkbags I work with."
Kids says: "Hello, jerkbags!"
Amy says: "Oh, they're so cute!"
Amy says: "What are their names?"
Bender says: "Kids have names?"
Bender says: "And from now on, you're all named Bender Jr."
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Lookie here!"
Bender says: "My first government stipend cheque!"
Bender says: "12 baby humans, 1200 wing-wangs!"
Sally, a girl with an ear on her face, tugs Bender's arm.
Sally says: "Daddy Bender, we're hungry."
Bender says: "What is it with you kids?"
Bender says: "Every other day it's food, food, food!"
Bender says: "Oh, fine."
Bender says: "I'll get you some stupid food."
Albert says: "Can we have Bender burgers again?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "The cat shelter's on to me!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Fry scrubs one of the landing feet and Leela welds something along the side of the ship."
[Scene says: "Adlai comes in."
Adlai says: "Hello, Leela."
Adlai says: "I was in a nearby tailor getting one of my Hawai'ian shirts toned down, so I thought I'd drop in for your follow-up exam."
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "That's so handsome of you."
Adlai says: "Just follow the light with your eyes."
Adlai says: "As for me, I'm somewhat interested myself."
Leela says: "What are you saying?"
Adlai says: "I've never been good with words, which is why I'm in such a delicate conundrum."
Adlai says: "Will you go out with me this Sunday?"
Leela says: "Sure!"
Fry gasps.
Adlai says: "I don't know what else to say, so I'll just say it."
Adlai says: "Okey-dokey, see you then."
He leaves.
Fry says: "This is so unfair!"
Fry says: "I liked you back when you were a cyclops!"
Fry says: "That guy's only interested now that you have two eyes."
Leela says: "You're just jealous!"
Fry says: "No, I'm not!"
Fry says: "Oh, wait, I am."
Fry says: "But my point remains valid!"
Leela says: "Fry, I just wanna try dating a normal man, who if you go somewhere with him no one says he's crummy."
Leela says: "I think I deserve that once in life."
Zoidberg holds her arm.
Zoidberg says: "Be careful with that Adlai, Leela, he's a doctor, they're very poor."
Leela says: "Actually, most doctors are rich."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "When did this happen?"
Zoidberg says: "You're joking, right?"
Zoidberg says: "That's not funny!"
[Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Scene says: "Bender takes the kids in."
Bender says: "OK, they've got everything you need here: Booze, a couple of peanuts, they got a crapper in the back."
Bender says: "That's one of the things you kids do, right?"
Albert says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "Then knock yourself out."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Only eat and drink enough to barely keep yourselves alive!"
Bender says: "I'm trying to make a profit here."
He sits on a stool and reads a newspaper.
Nina says: "Daddy!"
Nina says: "Bethany's hitting me!"
Bender says: "Here."
He hands her a blernsball bat and she runs off with it, laughing. A fembot sits next to Bender.
Fembot says: "These kids yours?"
Bender says: "Yeah."
Fembot says: "Ooh."
Fembot says: "I'm attracted to a man with responsibility!"
Bender says: "That's me, baby!"
Bender says: "Let me just ditch the kids in an alley and we can go have some fun."
A boy taps Bender.
Boy says: "Daddy Bender?"
Bender says: "Son, daddy's trying to score with a cheap floozy right now, so we need you to cram a Tinkertoy in it!"
Boy says: "I love you, Daddy Bender!"
He hugs him. The other kids hug him too.
Bender says: "Hey, what the hell are you doing?"
Bender says: "Quit hugging me!"
Fembot says: "I guess you're busy."
Fembot says: "I'll catch you later."
She leaves.
Bender says: "You morons!"
Bender says: "I don't know what you're trying to pull but I got half a mind to hug each and every one of you and see how you like it!"
Bender says: "Oh, come on!"
[Scene says: "Adlai's Car."
[Scene says: "He drives Leela away from the city."
Adlai says: "I thought I'd take you someplace ordinary, a place no one could object to."
Leela says: "That sounds wonderful."
[Scene says: "Outside Municipal Arboretum."
[Scene says: "Adlai opens the gate and lets Leela through."
[Scene says: "On the fence is a sign that reads "Yes, We Have Looking At Trees"."
[Scene says: "Municipal Arboretum."
[Scene says: "A couple stop by an Altairean Bouquet Tree."
Man #4 says: "I'd like an extra-beautiful bouquet for my extra-gorgeous sweetheart."
The tree hands the man some flowers and he hands them to the woman. They walk away and Leela and Adlai arrive.
Adlai says: "Average, please."
The tree hands him a bunch and he hands them to Leela. She smells them.
Leela says: "Oh, Adlai, I've had a wonderful time today."
Leela says: "No one's stared at me or avoided staring at me or tried to burn me."
Leela says: "You make me feel so not weird."
Adlai says: "Leela, you're 999,999 in a million!"
She smiles and they lean in to kiss. Adlai pecks her on the lips and she freezes for a moment then smiles weakly.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Adlai and the Planet Express staff sit around a table, though Bender is not with them."
Leela says: "Thanks for coming out to get to know my boyfriend."
Leela says: "Isn't he dreamy?"
Zoidberg says: "Totally."
He eats a cracker.
Adlai says: "Uh, listen."
Adlai says: "I just want you all to know your Leela's one standard lady."
Leela says: "Oh, Adlai, stop!"
Fry says: "What's so wonderful about Leela being normal?"
Fry says: "The rest of us aren't normal and that's what makes us great."
Fry says: "Like Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg: He's a weird monster who smells like he eats garbage and does."
Zoidberg says: "Damn right!"
Fry says: "And the Professor's a senile, amoral crackpot."
Fry says: "Hermes is a Rastafarian accountant."
Hermes says: "Tally me banana."
Fry says: "Amy's a klutz from Mars."
Amy drops the glass she is drinking from and it smashes.
Amy says: "Sploops!"
Farnsworth says: "And, Fry, you've got that brain thing."
Fry says: "I already did!"
Fry says: "So, Leela, do you wanna be like us?"
Fry says: "Or do you wanna be like Adlai with no severe mental or social problems whatsoever?"
Leela says: "That's the dumbest question I ever heard!"
Farnsworth says: "She's right!"
Zoidberg says: "No doubt about it."
Amy says: "Duh!"
Hermes says: "Daylight come!"
Bender runs through the restaurant carrying a high chair.
Bender says: "Coming through, watch your heads!"
He wangs Zoidberg on the head as he passes him.
Zoidberg says: "Help!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm under attack!"
He sprays the others with ink. Bender sits with the kids at another table.
Bender says: "Remember your manners, kids."
Bender says: "Forks go in the left pocket, spoons in the right."
Elzar arrives with a plate of food.
Elzar says: "Which one of you cutie muffins gets the children's spicy squab?"
Sam comes out of Bender's chest door.
Sam says: "Me!"
Bender says: "Ah-ah-ah!"
Bender says: "What do we say when someone gives you something?"
The boy turns to Elzar.
Sam says: "'Bout time!"
Bender says: "That's my boy!"
He closes the door on him.
Elzar says: "And here's your check."
Elzar says: "Bam!"
Bender looks at it and gasps. Albert taps his arm.
Albert says: "I gotta go poopy!"
Bender says: "Well you should've gone poopy before it was time to run out on the check!"
Bender says: "C'mon!"
Bender says: "Go, go!"
Bender says: "Through the kitchen!"
They run.
Elzar says: "You little crooks!"
Elzar says: "If I catch you I'm going to make cutie-muffin gumbo!"
They run past the other table and Bender laughs as they run through the door.
Adlai says: "You know, seeing that strange robot force 12 children to do his bidding makes me think about kids of our own."
Leela says: "Us?"
Leela says: "Me?"
Leela says: "You?"
Leela says: "Kids?"
Adlai says: "That's correct."
Adlai says: "It's time to stop living this vida bachelor loca, settle down and have kids."
Leela says: "Oh, Adlai, this is the most beautiful moment of my life!"
Zoidberg woops and sprays her with ink.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Spare Room."
[Scene says: "The room has six bunk beds in it."
[Scene says: "The kids run around screaming and laughing and bouncing on the mattresses."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender play poker."
[Scene says: "Albert jumps on Bender."
Albert says: "Daddy Bender, I want a piggy back ride."
Bender says: "Daddy's tired."
Bender says: "Let's just have another dog-pile on Fry."
The kids dive on Fry.
Sally says: "Tell us a story, Daddy Bender."
Kids says: "Story!"
Kids says: "Story!"
Kids says: "Story!"
Bender says: "Alright, fine, gather round."
The kids cheer.
Nina says: "We wanna hear this one again!"
She hands him something and he opens it and clears his throat.
Bender says: ""Bender's Arrest Record" by the police."
Bender says: "On March 3rd at 2pm, Bender was caught shoplifting."
Albert says: "Yeah, show us the picture!"
Albert says: "There he is!"
Bender says: "OK, kids."
Bender says: "It's 9."
Bender says: "00, you know what that means."
Bender says: "Daddy's sick of looking at you so go to bed."
Bender says: "The grown-ups have to talk."
Bender says: "Come on, Ma."
He and Fry leave.
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "On the door is a newspaper clipping with a photo of Fry on it."
[Cut to says: "The headline reads "Primitive Human Found In Cryo-Tube"."
[Cut to says: "Bender slides the door shut."
Bender says: "Now to figure out how much money I'm raking in off those twerps!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "I need a calculator."
Fry says: "You are a calculator."
Bender says: "I mean a good calculator."
Bender says: "Minus the food, the bunny rabbit wallpaper--  I'm getting 100 bucks a kid and they're costing me 110!"
Fry tuts.
Fry says: "There goes my new kitchen cabinets."
Bender says: "I'm not sitting through one more PTA meeting."
Bender says: "The kids have got to go!"
Sam opens Bender's door.
Sam says: "Daddy, how do I flush you?"
Bender says: "Just go to bed!"
The boy climbs out and runs off. Bender pushes his antenna down and flushes himself.
[Scene says: "Adlai's Lounge."
[Scene says: "He and Leela sit on a couch doing a jigsaw on a coffee table."
Adlai says: "You know, doing this jigsaw puzzle of a pacifier factory makes me want to have children with you all the more."
Leela says: "Adlai, I was thinking, since we're both orphans, maybe we should adopt a child."
Adlai says: "Adoption?"
Adlai says: "Yes, that's acceptable."
Adlai says: "Heck, it's more than acceptable, it's adequately satisfactory!"
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apartments Corridor."
[Scene says: "Adlai opens Fry's and Bender's door and he and Leela go in."
[Scene says: "There is a sign above the door that says "Honest Bender's Stolen Car Parts Boutique" and scribbled below it "And Orphanarium"."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The kids are up again and running around."
[Cut to says: "Bender is on the phone."
Bender says: "Hello?"
Bender says: "Imperial Dragon Restaurant?"
Bender says: "I've got a herd of you-know-whats for sale."
Bender says: "Let me check."
Bender says: "What?"
Fry points and Bender panics and hangs up.
Leela says: "Hi, Bender."
Leela says: "We'd like to adopt a child."
Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Well, you've come to the right place because Honest Bender's Orphanarium means discount orphans."
Bender says: "Now, little lady."
Bender says: "What do I have to do to send you home with 12 orphans today?"
Adlai says: "Uh, I'm afraid we only want one."
Bender says: "Whatever you say, chief."
Bender says: "I'll show you what I got in stock."
He walks into the kids' room.
Leela says: "I remember this from when we were kids: The warden would trot you out in front of prospective parents and they'd judge you like a piece of meat."
The kids are lined up. Albert steps forward.
Albert says: "I'm Albert."
Leela says: "Kind of fatty."
Bender pushes Nina forward.
Bender says: "Then how about this little number?"
Bender says: "Pure-bred human."
Bender says: "No vampire in there."
Leela says: "Uh, um."
Adlai says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "If you're strapped for cash, you might wanna consider this irregular unit."
Bender says: "Cursed with a third ear but so full of that emotion I understand is called "love"."
Sally says: "One time, I did a hundred jump ropes."
Leela says: "Oh, I can't decide."
Leela says: "We're gonna have to think about it."
Bender says: "OK, kids, grown-ups gotta talk now, time for bed."
Albert says: "But it's 10 in the morning!"
Bender says: "I said hit the hay!"
The kids run.
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Spare Room."
[Cut to says: "The kids get into bed and Bender flicks the light off."
Leela says: "Oh, they're all so adorable."
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "You know, it's times like this I can hardly bear to let them go."
Bender says: "Goodnight, you princes of Maine, you kings of New New England."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The police break down the door."
Smitty says: "You're under arrest for child cruelty, child endangerment, depriving children of food, selling children as food and misrepresenting the weight of livestock."
Smitty slaps the cuffs on Bender and the other police lead Fry and the kids out.
Bender says: "If you had kids of your own, you'd understand!"
[Scene says: "Prison Cells."
[Scene says: "Smitty locks Fry, Bender and the kids in a cell."
Leela says: "Officer, would it be alright if we adopted one of the kids?"
Smitty says: "Might as well."
Smitty says: "They're just gonna rot in the evidence locker."
He and URL leave. The kids laugh and point at Sally.
Orphan #1 says: "Nice ear!"
Orphan #2 says: "Hey, freaky ears!"
Orphan #3 says: "How's you hearing?"
Leela says: "I've made up my mind."
Leela says: "Let's adopt her."
She points at Sally.
Adlai says: "Her?"
Adlai says: "But there's plenty of normal ones."
Leela says: "Come on, Adlai."
Leela says: "She could really use a mom and dad."
Kids says: "Ear-face!"
Kids says: "Ear-face!"
Kids says: "Sally won the ugly race!"
Adlai says: "On the other hand, the children bring up a good point."
Adlai says: "She does have an ear on her face."
Leela says: "Well?"
Leela says: "So what?"
Leela says: "She may be different but she still deserves a good home."
Adlai says: "Oh, alright."
Adlai says: "If you really want that one, I can give her an operation to make her acceptable."
Leela says: "She doesn't need an operation!"
Leela says: "She's fine the way she is!"
Adlai says: "Oh, and I suppose you were fine the way you were?"
Leela says: "Damn right I was!"
Fry says: "Yay!"
Leela says: "Shut up, Fry."
Leela says: "Now look, Adlai."
Leela says: "I'm proud to be different."
Leela says: "And I just wished I'd realised that when I was her age."
Sally says: "I also have a tail!"
Leela says: "Now take me to the hospital and put my eye back the way it was."
Leela says: "Right now!"
Adlai says: "Why should I do that?"
Leela slams him against the bars.
Leela says: "Listen, buddy."
Leela says: "By the end of the day, one of us is gonna have one eye."
[Scene says: "Outside Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium."
[Scene says: "People crowd around the front door as Vogel makes a speech."
Vogel says: "In recognition of Bender's generous gift of 12 orphans and a government cheque for 1200 wing-wangs, I hereby rename this building the Bender B."
Vogel says: "Rodriguez Orphanarium!"
The crowd cheers and Vogel shakes Bender's hand. Leela's eye is back to how it was before.
Fry says: "It's good to have the old weird-looking Leela back."
They hug.
Leela says: "Aww!"
Leela says: "You're a true friend, Fry."
Leela says: "I guess there's nothing wrong with being a little weird."
Fry says: "Leela, there's nothing wrong with anything."
The kids say goodbye to Bender.
Albert says: "We'll miss you, Daddy Bender."
Nina says: "We know robots don't have emotions but we drawed you this picture."
She shows him a crude picture of him and the kids.
Sally says: "So if you ever miss us, even just a teeny bit, you can look at it."
Bender takes the picture.
Bender says: "Hey, I smoke a cigar, not a candy cane."
Bender says: "Sheesh!"
Bender says: "I hate you!"
Bender says: "I hate you all!"
Closing Credits.