[Opening Credits. Caption says: "IT'S TENTACULAR!"
[Scene says: "Outside a building, day."
[Scene says: "A sign on top of the building reads MOMCORP - OLD FASHIONED - JAMS, JELLIES AND MILITARY SYSTEMS."
[Scene says: "The camera pans down to the door."
[Scene says: "MANY YEARS AGO appears on the screen."
[Scene says: "A limousine-like tank with a symbol consisting of a heart and an M on it drives by."
[Scene says: "A."
[Scene says: "D."
[Scene says: "2927 appears on the screen."
[Scene says: "The tank's registration plate reads MOM."
[Scene says: "The tank stops."
[Cut to says: "Inside the building."
[Cut to says: "A door is opened by Mom."
[Cut to says: "Mom enters."
[Cut to says: "The door closes."
[Cut to says: "Mom presses one of the buttons on her suit with her right hand, making the suit disappear and her hair turn black."
[Cut to says: "We see six soldiers loading cargo onto a spaceship as a man writes on a piece of paper."
[Cut to says: "Mom walks up to the man."
[Cut to says: "The man turns to Mom and then to the soldiers."
Man says: "Mom on deck!"
Man says: "Ten—"
Mom slaps the man as she walks up to the soldiers. The man grunts.
Mom says: "Alright, grunts."
Mom says: "Here's your pre-mission pep talk."
Mom says: "Shoot anyone who doesn't obey hard enough."
The man takes the gun.
Man says: "But—"
Mom points another gun at the man's head. The man grins. The soldiers salute the man. Professor Farnsworth is sitting down and reading a book labelled MILITARY APPLICATIONS OF SCARY ALIENS.
Mom says: "Stop gaining knowledge, Hubert!"
Mom says: "The grunts catch the Alien, the surgeon guts it, and you smuggle the poison parts back here."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, something about poison."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Got it."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, by the way, that surgeon..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Where is he?"
Mom turns to the man and slaps him.
Mom says: "You!"
Mom says: "Where's the butcher?!"
Mom says: "!"
Man says: "Ma'am, I dunno, ma'am."
Man says: "'Is duffel bag arrived."
The man lifts up a duffel bag labelled PFC. ZOIDBERG and drops it in front of himself, Mom, and Professor Farnsworth. We hear a grunt coming out of the duffel bag.
Zoidberg says: "It's not a duffel bag."
Zoidberg says: "It's my apartment."
The duffel bag is opened from the inside. Mom crosses her arms. Zoidberg comes out and stands up, revealing himself to be much thinner.
Mom says: "Hubert, meet John Zoidberg."
Mom says: "In the budget category."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Have you ever dissected a Yeti before?"
Zoidberg says: "Himalayan or Neptunian?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Tritonian."
Zoidberg gasps.
Zoidberg says: "A Tritonian Yeti?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "You two aren't up to anything unethical, are you?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Mom uncrosses her arms.
Mom says: "I said, "Relax."
Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth are startled and put their claws and hands behind their backs. Mom leaves. The camera zooms in on Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth are sitting on a bench."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is holding a lunch bag with his left hand."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is holding a lunch bag with his right hand."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is looking at his lunch bag."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is looking at Zoidberg."
[Cut to says: "Seen on the floor are five owls and two mice."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ah, Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We've known each other so long that..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Sometimes, I don't think we even need words to understand each other."
An owl eats the mouse. Zoidberg pulls another mouse out of his bag and throws it on the floor. Professor Farnsworth does the same. Zoidberg turns to Professor Farnsworth.
Zoidberg says: "What?"
The Planet Express ship lands, scaring away six owls. Bender and Leela come out. Bender, who is holding a cigar with his left hand and an open lighter with his right hand, puts the cigar in his mouth, lights it up, closes the lighter, and begins smoking the cigar.
Leela says: "Once and for all, Fry, even though it's the future, most objects are still just objects."
Leela says: "Not Aliens who look like objects."
Fry comes out as well.
Fry says: "So my efforts to establish diplomatic relations with the cactus people were doomed from the start."
Fry lifts up his right hand, revealing it to have been pierced with fourteen pikes, and looks at it.
[Cut to says: "Outside a room."
[Cut to says: "The glass on the door reads Dr."
[Cut to says: "John Zoidberg - "M"D."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the glass."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Fry is sitting on a bed."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is standing in front of a shelf with ten books on it."
Zoidberg says: "So you're in pain and 'ave a bunch o' needles."
Zoidberg says: "I prescribe acupuncture."
Zoidberg says: "I mean, "Blood."
Zoidberg puts his right claw behind his back.
Fry says: "Put it back in me!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the room."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the glass."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Leela is sitting on the bed."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is standing next to it and looking at a pad, which he is holding with both his claws."
Zoidberg says: "I'm afraid Fry lost a lotta juice."
Zoidberg says: "He's developed Simpsons jaundice."
The camera pans over to Fry. Fry, whose skin has turned yellow, is sitting on the bed.
Fry says: "¡Ay, caramba!"
Zoidberg says: "His only hope is some replacement liver."
Zoidberg says: "Yours looks like a good match."
Leela turns to Zoidberg. Zoidberg points at Leela with his left claw.
Leela says: "Well, if it'll help Fry—"
The camera pans over to Fry.
Fry says: "Careful, Leela!"
Fry says: "He knows less about Human anatomy than I do."
Fry says: "And I can't even find my own uterus!"
Leela turns to Zoidberg. Zoidberg is operating a buzzsaw.
Zoidberg says: "You may feel a slight sawing!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the room."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the glass."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes is sitting on the bed."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is standing next to it and looking at the pad, which he is holding with both his claws."
Zoidberg says: "And all we need is a little spine supplement to replace what Leela lost in that unavoidable saw mix-up."
Zoidberg puts down the pad. The camera pans over to Leela. Leela, whose upper body and lower body have been separated, is sitting on the bed with crossed arms.
Leela says: "It wasn't unavoidable!"
Leela says: "You just had to stop cutting my spine when I yelled, "Stop!"
Leela says: "You're cutting my spine!"
Fry says: "I hate Mondays."
Fry crosses his arms.
Zoidberg says: "Anyhow, Hermes, all Leela needs is one of your vertebrae."
Hermes says: "But, Doctor, will I be able to limbo afterwards?"
Zoidberg says: "Could you limbo before?"
Zoidberg says: "Wait."
Zoidberg says: "I say, "Yes."
Zoidberg says: "" And you say, "I couldn't limbo before."
Zoidberg says: "" You ruined the joke, Hermes!"
Zoidberg points at Hermes with his left claw.
[Cut to says: "Outside the room."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the glass."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg helps Leela, whose upper body and lower body have been reconnected, get up."
Zoidberg says: "There you go, Leela."
Zoidberg says: "Good as new!"
Fry, whose skin resembles that of Kermit the Frog, is standing behind a desk. Leela, whose spine clicks as it whirls around, walks towards the desk.
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Oh, sure."
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "But my jaundice has progressed a Muppet gangrene."
Fry says: "It's not easy being gangrenous."
Fry crosses his arms. Hermes, who has gotten shorter, enters.
Hermes says: "I thought you were only gonna take out one vertebra!"
Zoidberg says: "Yeah, but did you ever play Jenga?"
Zoidberg says: "Sometimes, you pull one and—"
Zoidberg makes a strange sound. Hermes, Fry, and Leela complain.
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Well, I've got news for ya."
Fry says: "I'm not stayin' like this."
Fry says: "You're the Doctor!"
Zoidberg says: "Hmmm."
Zoidberg says: "What started out as a pleasant afternoon of drugs and surgery has not gone as planned."
Zoidberg says: "But don't worry."
Zoidberg says: "We still 'ave three or four coworkers with plenty of spare parts."
Zoidberg claws with both his claws.
[Flashback says: "Inside a spaceship."
[Flashback says: "Zoidberg is still clawing with both his claws."
[Flashback says: "Professor Farnsworth is to his left."
[Flashback says: "The windows show space."
Zoidberg says: "My first mission."
Zoidberg says: "With sprinkles on?"
Professor Farnsworth laughs. The windows show a sky.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Why, you're just a big kid, aren't you, Zoidberg?"
Zoidberg says: "A very big kid."
The camera zooms out, revealing the man who spoke earlier. The man is wearing a helmet and a bag pack.
Man says: "We're over the drop zone, gentlemen."
Man says: "Might I suggest you jump out the door and poop yourselves."
The man points at the door, which has just opened. Queued in front of the door are five soldiers wearing helmets and bag packs.
[Cut to says: "Outside the spaceship."
[Cut to says: "The five soldiers and Professor Farnsworth, who is also wearing a helmet and a bag pack, grunt as they jump out the spaceship."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, who, too, is wearing a helmet and a bag pack, screams as he jumps out the spaceship."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg's parachute is deployed."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Professor Farnsworth to be to his right."
Zoidberg says: "So, anyway, I hope the men 'ave been taking their hypermalaria pills."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Their wha?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Zoidberg says: ""Their wha?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Zoidberg says: ""  What smells like methane?"
[Scene says: "Outside a building, 3011."
[Scene says: "The façace reads ACTUAL DOCTOR'S OFFICE."
[Scene says: "We hear Fry, Leela, and Hermes complaining."
[Cut to says: "Inside the building."
[Cut to says: "A door is opened by a doctor."
Doctor says: "My God."
Doctor says: "I've never seen such a gruesome shark attack."
Doctor says: "Especially this far inland."
Leela says: "It wasn't a shark."
Leela says: "It was an awful, incompetent doctor."
Doctor says: "Wow."
Doctor says: "He must've been a total Zoidberg."
The doctor closes the door.
Hermes says: "It was Zoidberg!"
Hermes says: "He brutalised us with power tools, gypsy curses, and hypnosis!"
Amy, who looks hypnotised, walks up to the doctor.
Amy says: "Yes, master."
The doctor turns to Amy and then to the others.
Doctor says: "You'll all get through this."
Doctor says: "I give you my word as a real doctor."
Bender, who is wearing a large T-shirt, walks up to the doctor.
Bender says: "What about me?"
The doctor turns to Bender.
Doctor says: "What did 'e do to you?"
Bender says: "I dunno exactly, but..."
Bender says: "I'm incontinent."
Doctor says: "I'm truly sorry."
The doctor puts his right hand on Bender's right arm and then in his own mouth.
Fry says: "I consider myself a reasonable man."
Fry says: "Quick with a joke."
Fry says: "Slow to anger."
Fry says: "But Bender can't go on long car trips anymore an' I say Zoidberg must die!"
Hermes says: "People, please!"
Hermes says: "Death to the crab!"
[Flashback says: "Outside a base camp."
[Flashback says: "We see two doors."
[Flashback says: "There is wind."
[Flashback says: "The camera zooms in on the base camp."
[Cut to says: "Inside the base camp."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg are walking among soldiers in beds."
Professor Farnsworth says: "How bad is it, Doctor?"
Zoidberg says: "Super bad."
Zoidberg says: "It's Tritonian hypermalaria."
Zoidberg says: "A lot of these men will be dead within twenty-four hours."
The man who spoke earlier sits up.
Man says: "What?!"
Man says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg look at the man.
Zoidberg says: "Not you, though!"
Zoidberg says: "It can kill immediately."
Zoidberg says: "Or lie dormant for decades."
Zoidberg says: "But, sooner or later, it erupts, causing fever, spasms, madness, coma, and finally..."
Zoidberg says: "Death."
The man sits up.
Man says: "What?!"
Man says: "!"
Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth look at the man.
Zoidberg says: "Super model!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Those poor, doomed bastards."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I guess it's up to me to complete the mission."
Professor Farnsworth puts on a coat and grabs a rifle.
[Cut to says: "Outside the base camp."
[Cut to says: "One of the doors is opened by Professor Farnsworth."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg walks up to the door."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth turns to Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'll be in the swamp, blowing the smirk off a toxic Yeti."
Professor Farnsworth cocks the rifle and turns forward. The camera zooms in on Professor Farnsworth's face. musical sting.
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's laboratory, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is trembling with cold, walks up to a hanger with three coats on it, grabs one of the coats, and puts it on."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Hermes, Amy, Fry, Leela, Bender, and Scruffy."
[Cut to says: "All are back to normal, except for Bender, who is still wearing the diaper."
Hermes says: "Professor, we need to talk!"
Hermes says: "You need to listen to us!"
Hermes says: "Yes, you do!"
Leela walks up to Professor Farnsworth.
Leela says: "We've had it with Zoidberg!"
Leela says: "We demand you fire him!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Nonsense!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg's a fine physician."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Your mistake is being Humans!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "No."
Professor Farnsworth says: "If I'm going to fire anyone, it'll be Scruffy."
Leela has crossed her arms. Hermes, Amy, Fry, Leela, and Bender complain. Scruffy remains silent.
Hermes says: "Ya can't do that!"
Bender says: "What did Scruffy ever do to you?!"
Bender says: "!"
Amy says: "Over my dead body!"
Bender extends his arms so that he can grab Professor Farnsworth's and shakes Professor Farnsworth.
Bender says: "Don't you get it, old man?"
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
Hermes says: "Why are you protecting Zoidberg, Professor?"
Hermes says: "Do you owe him something?"
Leela points at Professor Farnsworth with her right hand.
Leela says: "Is he blackmailing you somehow?"
Amy walks up to Professor Farnsworth and grabs his arms.
Amy says: "What does 'e have on you?!"
Amy says: "!"
Amy says: "Why have you kept 'im around all these years when 'e's so grossly incompetent?!"
Amy says: "!"
Amy pushes Professor Farnsworth against a table. Fry has crossed his arms. Professor Farnsworth sighs. The camera begins zooming in on Professor Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Long ago, Zoidberg an' I entered into a secret arrangement relating to certain extraordinary events too horrible to reveal."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So there's nothing to be curious about!"
Professor Farnsworth leaves. The door closes, revealing a male restroom sign.
[Flashback says: "Triton."
[Flashback says: "A sack bearing a drawing of a Yeti in a circle and labelled YETI BAIT is held by Professor Farnsworth with his left hand and opened by Professor Farnsworth with his right hand."
[Flashback says: "Professor Farnsworth empties the sack, throws it away, runs towards a hole, jumps inside the hole, turns to the sack's contents, cocks the rifle, and aims."
[Flashback says: "We hear a noise."
[Flashback says: "Professor Farnsworth turns to his left, screams effeminately as he whirls around, and begins shooting."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Zoidberg approaches Professor Farnsworth.
Zoidberg says: "You can't hunt a Yeti by yourself, sir."
Zoidberg says: "It's suicidal."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So what?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm going to die of hypermalaria, anyway."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I was in the same swamp as the rest of the men."
Zoidberg says: "Just because you were in the swamp, doesn't necessarily mean—"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I was thirsty from the flight!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I drank swamp water!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Look, Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're a loyal friend."
Zoidberg turns to his left shoulder and then looks at Professor Farnsworth.
Zoidberg says: "Friend?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "But I'm doomed."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I might as well capture a Yeti and die trying."
Professor Farnsworth turns back. Zoidberg puts his right claw on Professor Farnsworth's left shoulder.
Zoidberg says: "Then you'll need someone to dissect it!"
Zoidberg says: "Friend."
Zoidberg smiles. Professor Farnsworth does the same. Two logs are destroyed by a Yeti. The Yeti growls. Professor Farnsworth turns to the Yeti and cocks the rifle.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Go, Johnny!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Go!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "That's an order!"
Zoidberg says: "Never!"
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg doesn't abandon a friend apparently."
The Yeti approaches Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth. Professor Farnsworth shoots at the Yeti repeatedly, losing control of the rifle, which fires itself away.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ooh!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ooh-ho-ho!"
The Yeti growls as it approaches Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth.
Zoidberg says: "I'll save us!"
Zoidberg says: "By scaring 'im off with my crazy war noise!"
Zoidberg says: "Crunch all you want."
Zoidberg says: "I'll make more."
Zoidberg's head has almost been shattered.
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg's office, 3011."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is wearing a stethoscope."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Zoidberg to be auscultating a skeleton."
Zoidberg says: "Oy."
Zoidberg says: "I lost another one."
We hear the door open. Zoidberg is alarmed.
Leela says: "I'm sorry to break it to you this way, but we hate you and we never wanna see you again."
Zoidberg says: "But, friends—"
Leela has crossed her arms. Fry has uncrossed his.
Hermes says: "We're not your friends!"
Hermes says: "We're your victims!"
Zoidberg says: "I was just trying to—"
Amy says: "Shut up and give me my kidney back!"
Zoidberg whimpers.
Zoidberg says: "I'm sorry."
Zoidberg says: "I'm sorry."
Zoidberg buries his face in his hands and whimpers. Leela has uncrossed her arms.
Fry says: "We dunno why the Professor keeps you around here and we don't care!"
Fry says: "Nobody wants to see you ever again!"
Professor Farnsworth enters.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Dr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, I want to see you right now!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, night."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the building."
[Cut to says: "Outside Professor Farnsworth's laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is at the door, looks to his right, to his left, and to his right again."
[Cut to says: "The door begins closing."
[Cut to says: "Inside Professor Farnsworth's laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is looking at Professor Farnsworth."
[Cut to says: "The door finishes closing."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth removes his right hand from a button on the wall and turns to Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The time 'as come, my friend."
Professor Farnsworth says: "We have to talk about..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Our arrangement."
Zoidberg walks backwards.
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no, no, no!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no!"
Zoidberg lifts up his claws.
[Flashback says: "Triton."
[Flashback says: "The Yeti is still crunching Zoidberg's head."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, no!"
The camera zooms out, revealing Professor Farnsworth to have climbed a tree. Zoidberg complains. Professor Farnsworth grabs a liana with his right hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Unpaw him, you big ape!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Are you alright?"
Zoidberg says: "You!"
Zoidberg says: "You saved my life!"
Zoidberg smiles.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh, fuff."
Professor Farnsworth stands up.
Zoidberg says: "Yes, fuff."
Zoidberg says: "Or maybe a butler?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "No, I haven't needed a butler since grad school."
Professor Farnsworth says: "But I do need a doctor."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The fever!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "The madness!"
Zoidberg says: "Don't forget the spasms, coma, and death."
Zoidberg lifts up his right claw. Professor Farnsworth lets go of Zoidberg and turns back.
Professor Farnsworth says: "I don't want to go through that!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I want you to kill me!"
Zoidberg says: "Alright."
Zoidberg says: "Give me the knife."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Not now!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Isn't that what you said?"
Zoidberg says: "It sounds like something I would say."
Professor Farnsworth puts his hands on Zoidberg's right arm.
Professor Farnsworth says: "So stay with me until the symptoms start."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Then..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Put me out of my misery."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You must swear!"
Professor Farnsworth puts his hands on Zoidberg's shoulders. Zoidberg looks at his left arm and then at Professor Farnsworth.
Zoidberg says: "Alright, Hubert."
Zoidberg says: "I swear."
Professor Farnsworth smiles.
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's laboratory, 3011."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's started, Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The fever."
Professor Farnsworth says: "The muscle spasms."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's time for you to keep your promise and kill me."
Professor Farnsworth walks up to Zoidberg and puts his right hand on Zoidberg's right shoulder. Zoidberg looks at Professor Farnsworth, puts his left claw on Professor Farnsworth's right hand, and closes his eyes.
Zoidberg says: "This is very difficult."
Zoidberg says: "Friend."
Zoidberg makes a strange sound and raises his arms. Zoidberg's fin appears. Zoidberg puts his claws around Professor Farnsworth's neck and pushes him against a table. Professor Farnsworth is suffocating.
Professor Farnsworth says: "No!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid to die!"
Zoidberg says: "Argh!"
Zoidberg says: "Is this one o' those "No means yes" deals?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes and no."
Professor Farnsworth says: "So you must murder me completely by surprise."
Zoidberg says: "As God is my witness, you can count on me."
Zoidberg says: "Well..."
Zoidberg says: "See you tomorrow."
Zoidberg leaves. Professor Farnsworth walks up to the table and looks inside a microscope on it with his right eye. Zoidberg, who is holding a knife with his right hand, enters, walking slowly, and prepares to impale Professor Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Not surprising enough!"
Zoidberg leaves, walking backwards slowly.
[Montage says: "The song "Mr."
[Montage says: "Sandman" begins playing."
[Montage says: "The New New York sky."
[Montage says: "The camera pans down to the Planet Express headquarters."
[Montage says: "Professor Farnsworth's figure appears on one of the windows."
[Montage says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Zoidberg to be on top of a building, wearing a bonnet, and holding a rifle covered with a cloth with his left hand."
[Montage says: "Zoidberg puts the cloth on the floor, cocks the rifle, aims at Professor Farnsworth, and shoots three times."
[Montage says: "Professor Farnsworth's figures walks away calmly."
[Montage says: "Zoidberg looks surprised."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's bedroom."
[Cut to says: "Bender is making a shadow of Professor Farnsworth's figure on the wall with his hands."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth and Fry are sitting on Professor Farnsworth's bed and smiling."
[Cut to says: "A lamp is in front of Professor Farnsworth and Fry and behind Bender."
[Cut to says: "Bender lifts up his feet, making shadows of the figures of himself and Fry appear on the wall."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth and Fry clap."
[Cut to says: "Bender turns to Professor Farnsworth and Fry, smiling."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge, day."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg opens a HIGH VOLTAGE cabinet, grabs a green electrical wire with his left claw and a red electrical wire his right claw and puts them together."
[Cut to says: "A spark is created."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Professor Farnsworth to be sleeping on the couch."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg begins approaching Professor Farnsworth."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, wha?!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Heart!"
Professor Farnsworth falls over. Zoidberg puts the electrical wires back in the cabinet and leaves. The door closes. The electrical wires fall on the couch, electrocute Professor Farnsworth, and burst. Professor Farnsworth grunts as he stands up and begins walking vigorously.
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is piloting a remote-controlled airplane."
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "We see the shadow of Zoidberg's face on the door."
[Cut to says: "The door opens."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg approaches Professor Farnsworth, walking slowly."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Fry, and Bender, who have just entered, look at Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg pushes Professor Farnsworth, making him drop the remote control in the Planet Express hangar and almost making him fall."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth grunts."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Leela says: "What are you doing there?"
Fry and Leela run towards Zoidberg and Professor Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Whoa!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Whoa!"
Professor Farnsworth grabs the remote-controlled airplane and does not fall any further.
Zoidberg says: "Stop!"
Zoidberg says: "You don't understand!"
Leela and Zoidberg begin walking.
Leela says: "Let's go, you murderer!"
Leela says: "Fry, help me lock 'im up!"
Leela and Zoidberg leave.
Fry says: "Hang on."
Fry says: "I'm learnin' how to do loop-de-loops."
Fry smiles as he makes Professor Farnsworth fly around.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Whoa!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Whoa!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Woo!"
[Cut to says: "Inside Zoidberg's office."
[Cut to says: "We see the shadow of Bender's face on the door's window."
[Cut to says: "The door opens."
[Cut to says: "Fry is holding Zoidberg's right arm."
[Cut to says: "Leela is holding Zoidberg's left arm."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg is wearing Professor Farnsworth's coat backwards."
Zoidberg says: "You're making a mistake!"
Zoidberg says: "I was only trying to kill the Professor!"
Fry and Leela throw Zoidberg inside. Zoidberg grunts.
[Cut to says: "Outside Zoidberg's office."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg's claws have been tied."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg looks back."
[Cut to says: "The door closes."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela walk to the right as a piece of old furniture is dragged in front of the door by Bender from the left."
[Cut to says: "Bender grunts."
Bender says: "Ooh."
[Cut to says: "Inside Zoidberg's office."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg stands up, unties his claws, undresses Professor Farnsworth's coat, and looks at its label in sadness."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's coat's label reads PROF."
[Cut to says: "HUBERT FARNSWORTH - SIZE."
[Cut to says: "XX-BONY."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms in on the label."
Zoidberg says: "Hubert..."
Zoidberg says: "I'm sorry."
Zoidberg says: "Great Little Caesar's ghost!"
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's laboratory."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is sitting on a chair and rubbing a towel on his head with his right hand."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You fools!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "I asked Zoidberg to kill me!"
Professor Farnsworth puts the towel back on his head.
Amy says: "Huh?!"
Amy says: "!"
Leela and Fry turn to each other. Bender points at Professor Farnsworth with his left hand.
Bender says: "What you talkin' 'bout, Professor?!"
Bender says: "!"
Hermes says: "Professor, have you gone mad?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Professor Farnsworth takes the towel off his head.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Probably!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's one o' the symptoms of Tritonian hypermalaria!"
Amy gasps.
Amy says: "You mean the incurable disease that causes fever..."
Amy says: "And finally death?!"
Amy says: "!"
There is a pause. Professor Farnsworth points at Amy with his left hand.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "And I begged Zoidberg to put me out of my misery!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Quickly!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Zoidberg's office."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Amy, Bender, Hermes, and Leela are destroying the piece of old furniture with tools."
[Cut to says: "Scruffy walks up to Fry."
Scruffy says: "Hmmm."
Scruffy says: "Should've known better than to store my antiques in the office."
[Cut to says: "Inside Zoidberg's office."
[Cut to says: "We see the shadows of the faces of Fry, Leela, and Amy on the door's window."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, we were wrong!"
Leela says: "We're letting you out so you can kill the Professor!"
Amy, Bender, Hermes, Leela, and Fry enter. All look down. The camera zooms out, revealing a hole to have been dug on the floor. musical sting Through the window, we see another hole and Zoidberg walking across the street like a crab.
Zoidberg says: "Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop."
Amy approaches the window and puts her hands on it. Zoidberg disappears.
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "He sand-crabbed out!"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Then we have no choice."
Leela says: "We'll have to mercy-kill the Professor ourselves."
Amy turns to the others.
Bender says: "Well, let's get started."
Bender opens his chest cabinet with his right hand, grabs a small rake with his left hand, and closes his chest cabinet with his right hand.
[Scene says: "Outside Momco, night."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the tower."
[Cut to says: "Mom's office."
[Cut to says: "Mom removes her hands from the neck on her suit, which is on a piece of wood, and turns to her left."
[Cut to says: "Walt, Larry, and Igner have just entered."
Walt says: "We have a situation, Mother."
Walt says: "This creature tried to sand-crab into the building."
The camera pans over to Zoidberg, who is accompanied by two men. Zoidberg and the two men have just entered.
Mom says: "Zoidberg?!"
Mom says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "Sorry I didn't call first, Carol."
Zoidberg says: "Uh..."
Zoidberg says: "But I'm in a hurry!"
Zoidberg says: "I need your help to save Hubert!"
Mom points at Zoidberg with her right hand.
Mom says: "and stooge the hell out of here!"
The two men leave.
Larry says: "We're on it."
Larry pokes Walt's eyes.
Walt says: "Ow!"
Walt accidentally hits Igner's chin with his left elbow and buries his face in his hands.
Igner says: "Ow!"
Igner puts his left hand on his chin and punches Larry's with his right fist.
Larry says: "Ow!"
Larry puts his left hand on his chin. Walt, Larry, and Igner head towards the door crestfallen.
Zoidberg says: "Beautiful kids."
Zoidberg says: "You must be very proud!"
Zoidberg points at Mom with his right claw. Walt, Larry, and Igner leave. Mom has crossed her arms.
Mom says: "John Zoidberg..."
Mom says: "It's been a long time."
Mom says: "How've you been?"
Mom points at Zoidberg with her left hand. Zoidberg walks up to a chair.
Zoidberg says: "Not too bad."
Zoidberg says: "Later, I'll show you the pictures."
Mom says: "Do you ever regret it, John?"
Mom says: "Leaving me to work for the Professor?"
Zoidberg sighs.
Zoidberg says: "What do you want me to say?"
Zoidberg says: "'E saved my life."
Mom stands up and raises her arms.
Mom says: "Oh, big deal!"
Mom says: "You could've been rich if you'd stayed."
Mom says: "Your own lab..."
Mom says: "A full staff..."
Zoidberg says: "But Hubert is my friend."
Zoidberg says: "From Triton!"
Mom says: "It'll cost you, John."
Mom says: "How much are you worth now?"
Zoidberg shrugs.
Zoidberg says: "I live in a dumpster."
Zoidberg says: "All I have in the world is this coupon for one free session at the tanning salon."
Mom says: "Then I'll take it."
Mom grabs the piece of paper with her left hand, puts it in her breasts, and smiles.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth is lying on a bed."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing the bed to be being carried by Bender, Fry, Amy, and Leela through an aisle."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth complains."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Fry, Hermes, Amy, and Leela leave the bed on a bullseye."
[Cut to says: "Scruffy, who is welding and wearing a welding mask, turns to his left."
Scruffy says: "Okay."
Scruffy says: "Murdolator's finished."
Bender, Fry, Hermes, Amy, and Leela look around. The camera zooms out, revealing a giant Rube Goldberg machine resembling a roller coaster.
Bender says: "I said I'd kill 'im myself!"
Bender says: "Nobody listens to Bender!"
Leela is holding a tray with six small bottles on it.
Leela says: "We all have to share in the guilt."
Leela says: "Which is why we're each going to add one drop of cyanide to the death wheel as it goes by."
Leela points at the bottles with her left hand, looks up, and points up with her left hand. The camera pans up to a wheel with six axes on it and a tube as its axis. Fry, Amy, Bender, Hermes, Scruffy, and Leela grab one bottle each. Leela drops the tray on the floor. Professor Farnsworth grunts. Fry, Hermes, Leela, Bender, and Amy enter an elevator each and ascend to the top. The lights go out.
Scruffy says: "Commence mercy-killing..."
Scruffy says: "Ayup."
Hermes kicks the wheel and adds one drop from his bottle to one of the axes.
Hermes says: "Kill-check one is go!"
The wheel passes by Fry. Fry adds one drop from his bottle to one of the axes. The wheel is locked and a set of matches in the tube topples a set of dominoes. The dominoes, which spell Murdolator™, end on a mousetrap, but fail to activate it. Leela, Fry, Hermes, Bender, and Amy gasp. Fry makes a gesture illustrating the activation. The dominoes manage to activate the mousetrap.
Leela says: "Yay!"
Amy says: "Woohoo!"
The mousetrap unlocks the wheel.
Fry says: "Kill-check two is go!"
Fry raises his left arm. The wheel enters a box. The matches ignite. The flaming tube burns six ropes, launching six fireworks. The fireworks exit the building.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "A group of nine Humans including Hattie is present."
Humans says: "Ooh!"
The fireworks read FARNSWORTH MERCY-KILLING. A woman appears.
Woman says: "Wow!"
Hattie says: "It's about time."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "The wheel approaches Bender."
[Cut to says: "Bender puts on a chef's hat with his right hand."
[Cut to says: "The wheel passes by Bender."
[Cut to says: "Bender jumps onto the wheel and crosses his arms."
[Cut to says: "One of the axes cuts a rope holding a weight labelled 5 TONS on at least two sides, opening three cages, which contain a lettuce, a tomato, and an onion."
Female voice says: "Vegetables activated."
The vegetables slide towards the wheel and each is cut by one of the axes. Bender catches the vegetables in a bowl with his right hand, opens his chest cabinet with his left hand, and grabs his bottle with his left hand. Bender's chest cabinet closes. Bender adds one drop from his bottle to one of the axes and grunts as he jumps onto a platform.
Bender says: "Kill-check three is go!"
Bender says: "Also, the salad's ready."
Leela says: "Yay, salad!"
Amy says: "Yay!"
Fry and Hermes cheer indistinctly.
Zoidberg says: "What the hell are you doing?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Leela, Fry, Hermes, Bender, and Amy turn to Zoidberg. Zoidberg is holding a box with the symbol consisting of a heart and an M. musical sting.
Leela says: "I am so, so sorry for how we treated you."
Leela points at Zoidberg with both her hands. Fry and Hermes appear.
Fry says: "And, to make it up to you, we're killing the Professor for you so he doesn't die horribly from hypermalaria."
Bender and Amy appear.
Zoidberg says: "'E doesn't have hypermalaria, you idiots!"
Zoidberg says: "When 'e saved my life all those years ago, 'e was scratched by a Yeti!"
The Professor Farnsworth Yeti sits on the bed. Zoidberg puts the box on the bed and walks up to the Professor Farnsworth Yeti. Hermes, Amy, and Fry approach the bed. The scratch on the Professor Farnsworth Yeti's neck beats with its heart. The Professor Farnsworth Yeti's skin is covered with white hair. Bender and Leela have approached the bed. Fry is stroking his chin.
Fry says: "Hmmm."
Fry says: "I consider myself almost completely ignorant of modern medicine."
Fry says: "And I've never heard of Yetiism."
Zoidberg has put his claws on the Professor Farnsworth Yeti's shoulders.
Zoidberg says: "It mimics the symptoms of hypermalaria exactly."
Zoidberg says: "Hold 'im down while I prepare the antidote."
Scruffy, Hermes, Fry, Amy, and Leela hold down the Professor Farnsworth Yeti. Bender runs towards the other side of the bed. Zoidberg presses a button on top of the box with his left claw. The box opens. Zoidberg pulls a Yeti's head out of it with his left claw. musical sting.
Leela says: "Another Yeti?!"
Leela says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "Yes."
Zoidberg says: "This contains a concentrated form of the Yeti neurotoxin."
Hermes says: "But that's what gave 'im Yetiism in the first place!"
Hermes says: "Won't it just make 'im a double Yeti?!"
Hermes says: "!"
Zoidberg says: "Don't lecture me about Alien physiology, Conrad!"
Zoidberg says: "The pineal neurotoxin neutralises the adrenal neurotoxin."
Zoidberg says: "That's why Yetis don't drive themselves mad!"
The Professor Farnsworth Yeti growls aggressively. The Professor Farnsworth Yeti's glasses are red and its shirt is ripped off. The Professor Farnsworth Yeti stands up, throws Hermes, Scruffy, Fry, Leela, Bender, and Amy away, and raises its arms. Hermes has fallen on top of Scruffy. Amy has fallen on top of Leela.
Fry says: "My God."
Fry says: "He's like some kinda believable Hulk!"
Zoidberg says: "No time for an injection."
Zoidberg says: "I'll be damned."
Zoidberg says: "It did make 'im a double Yeti!"
The water in the kettle evaporates completely, making the kettle lighter than the weight, which unlocks the wheel. The wheel begins moving. The Professor Farnsworth Yeti changes the rail's trajectory. The wheel moves towards Bender and cuts his head in half. Bender complains. The wheel cuts a rope, making a grand piano fall on the rail, which makes the machine collapse. Fry, Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, and Scruffy run away. The Professor Farnsworth Yeti is hit. A set of plates falls on the floor, activating a machine-gun. The machine gun falls on a ladder, which is connected to a rope with a hook on it. The hook makes a hole in a big sphere of cloth, making hundreds of small spheres fall on top of the machine's remains. Leela, Amy, Zoidberg, Fry, and Bender stand up.
Amy says: "It wasn't supposed to do any of those things."
Amy shrugs. A group of birds emerges from inside the remains and exits the building. Professor Farnsworth, who is wearing nothing but a pair of shorts, emerges from inside the remains as well and looks at himself.
Professor Farnsworth says: "You did it, Johnny."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I'm cured!"
Professor Farnsworth raises his arms. Bender, Hermes, Leela, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy, and Scruffy approach the remains. Bender gasps.
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Alright, let's set it up and try again."
Bender points at the remains with his left hand.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, afternoon."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on the building."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, and Fry are sitting on the couch."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth, who is eating the salad with a fork on his right hand, turns to his left."
Professor Farnsworth says: "There's one thing I don't understand, Zoidberg."
Professor Farnsworth says: "How did you persuade Mom to give you her precious Yeti head?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Did you 'ave to promise anything in return?"
Zoidberg says: "Nothing."
Zoidberg says: "Nothing at all."
Zoidberg looks down.
Amy says: "This calls for a celebration!"
Amy says: "Come on, everyone!"
Amy says: "Let's go tanning!"
Zoidberg looks at the others in sadness. Hermes and Fry stand up.
Bender says: "Hooray!"
Professor Farnsworth puts the bowl on the couch and stands up as well. Amy, Fry, Hermes, and Bender leave running.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yay!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Leela and Professor Farnsworth leave running."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg sighs."
Zoidberg says: "Once."
Professor Farnsworth appears.
Professor Farnsworth says: "What do you say, Johnny?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's on me."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg smiles."
Zoidberg says: "Thank you, Hubert."
Time lapse. A hole has been dug on the floor. The camera pans forward to the window. Through the window, we see another hole and Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg walking across the street and around a street lamp like crabs.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop."
Zoidberg says: "Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-woop."
Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg disappear.
Closing Credits.