[Scene says: "Exterior of Planet Express building, night."
[Scene says: "Everything is quiet, until green lights and alarms start going off from inside."
[Scene says: "Shot of startled passersby walking their alien pets."
[Scene says: "Shot of the antenna of the building going down and being replaced by a giant searchlight."
Farnsworth says: "Planet Express crew, report to headquarters immediately!"
Farnsworth says: "Repeat: what I just said, immediately!!"
While Farnsworth says this, the searchlight flashes a giant Planet Express logo a la the Batsignal.
[Scene says: "Exterior Amy's house."
[Scene says: "Amy runs out the door zipping up her sweatsuit and sees the signal."
[Scene says: "She notices Randy parking his hovercar."
Amy says: "Step away from the car and no one gets hurt!"
Randy does not listen to her warning as she bumps into him and rides off into the sky.
[Scene says: "Trashcan."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg pops out and sees the signal."
Zoidberg says: "To the employment cave!"
Zoidberg struggles to get out of the can, but ends up rolling away. The camera pans up to Hermes' house.
[Scene says: "Interior of Hermes' house."
[Scene says: "Hermes looks out the window and sees the signal."
[Scene says: "He turns to LaBarbara who gives him his lunch."
Hermes says: "Thanks, dear."
Hermes says: "Off to work."
Hermes kisses his wife goodbye and crashes out the window. As soon as he leaves, Barbados Slim peers from behind the stairs.
[Scene says: "Outside New New York."
[Scene says: "Hermes is still falling."
[Scene says: "He takes out his parachute, which has the Jamaican flag on it."
[Scene says: "Another part of New New York."
[Scene says: "Scruffy is seen riding something as evidenced by the sound of hoofbeats."
Scruffy says: "Hyah!"
Scruffy says: "Hyah!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "It is revealed that what Scruffy was riding was a llama."
Scruffy says: "Ho!"
Scruffy says: "Hold it, girl!"
Scruffy says: "G'on now."
Scruffy says: "Gid on back ta Paraguay."
Scruffy slaps the llama with his cap, who bleats and runs away. The camera pans up to the sky.
[Scene says: "Exterior, space."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms in on a giant spider web along with a giant space spider that has the Planet Express Ship in its clutches."
[Cut to says: "Interior, ship."
[Cut to says: "Once again, the ship is in peril and in massive disrepair with Bender, Leela, and Fry afraid for their lives."
Fry says: "We're bein' eaten by a giant spider!"
The Planet Express logo flashes all over the ship.
Leela says: "There's no time for that!"
Leela says: "The Professor needs us!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express building, later that morning."
[Scene says: "The ship goes into the building suddenly having no evidence of any damage done by the spider."
[Scene says: "Interior of the building."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender, and Fry climb up the ladder to the conference room."
[Scene says: "Fry, being the dumb klutz that he is, trips and falls but gets back up."
[Scene says: "Cut to one of the doors where Amy runs in followed by a very dirty Zoidberg scuttling and whooping in."
[Cut to says: "The conference room."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Zoidberg join Hermes, still hanging from his parachute, Scruffy, Leela, Bender and Fry where they see a chair hanging upside down."
[Cut to says: "The chair turns over revealing Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Ih, crew,  as you know, I've delivered a lot of good news in the past."
Farnsworth says: "But what I'm about to lay down is, by far, the greatest announcement in the history of Planet Express!"
The crew mutters in excitement.
Fry says: "What is it?"
Fry says: "I'm on the edge of my butt!"
Farnsworth says: "Ladies and gentlemen,  soda machine!"
At first, the crew is confused by this announcement, but they suddenly cheer and run toward the machine. Zoidberg kneels down before it.
Zoidberg says: "You undersold it, Professor!"
Fry says: "Look, it has Slurm Loco!"
Fry says: "It's the extremeiest!"
The spot where two beverage cups once stood is replaced by an electronic feminine face.
Soda Machine says: "Hey, what can I get y'all?"
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "You can talk?"
Fry says: "Shut up and give me a Slurm Loco!"
Fry puts a quarter in the machine, and it dispenses a cup and pours some Slurm Loco. Fry takes the cup and starts gulping.
Bender says: "Ooh ooh!"
Bender says: "Hey, drink machine, what kind of alcoholic sodas you got?"
Soda Machine says: "Y'all can't drink at work!"
Soda Machine says: "This ain't a saw mill!"
Bender says: "No alcohol?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Pfft, an' you got the nerve to call yourself a beverage machine?!"
Bender says: "!"
Soda machine says: "I call myself "Bev"."
Soda machine says: "An' if you're lookin' for a smelly ol' can o' booze, go look in the mirror!"
Fry says: "Oh, snap!"
Bender says: "Wooooh—"
Hermes says: "No, now, everybody, calm down."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express building, sometime later."
[Scene says: "Interior, Planet Express living room."
[Scene says: "Leela, Hermes and Bender on the couch and Amy and Zoidberg on the floor are watching All My Circuits on the TV."
[Scene says: "Fry enters the room."
Fry says: "So I went to the bathroom an' my pee was green."
Fry says: "Pretty neat, huh?"
Hermes says: "I was wondering who Shrek'd in the toilet."
When Fry gets another cup, Bender approaches Bev.
Bender says: "I hope you're proud o' yourself, Bev!"
Bender says: "You've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict!"
Bev says: "Cut me some slack, preacher!"
Bev says: "I'm just a cold grinder's daughter tryin' ta stay off the pole."
Bender says: "With that big ol' caboose, it'd hafta be a telephone pole!"
Bev says: "Well, I guess a fella's gotta talk big when he's sportin' a little shriveled-up antenna like that."
Bender says: "What?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "You—"
Bender says: "ih—"
Bender says: "For your information, "madam", it's a grower, not a show-er!"
Bender leaves the room angrily.
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Hip Joint, night."
[Cut to says: "Interior of the Hip Joint."
[Cut to says: "Bender is at the bar with a beer in his hand very angry."
Bender says: "My antenna's fine!"
Bender says: "It's just fine!"
Bender says: "Ladies can't get enough Bender!"
Ruth and Esther approach the bar and sit next to Bender.
Esther says: "I need to loosen up."
Esther says: "Gimme a screwdriver."
A robot arm gives Esther her order.
Bender says: "Helloooooo!"
Bender says: "Who's your half-dumb friend?"
Ruth says: "Me."
Esther says: "Me."
Bender says: "Sure, why not?"
The fembots scream and giggle.
[Scene says: "Exterior of Planet Express building, late night."
[Scene says: "Pan to one of the windows where a bright green light is."
[Scene says: "Interior, the Planet Express employee lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender is snogging Ruth in the dark and then switches to Esther."
Esther says: "Hang on."
Esther says: "It's too bright in here."
Esther says: "Call me old-fashioned, but I like a little romance in an orgy."
Ruth says: "Let's switch off this weird light."
Zoom out to reveal that the weird light is actually Fry with drink in hand, whose skin is now a bright neon green.
Fry says: "Yow!"
Bender says: "Fry, it's two a."
Bender says: "m."
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "What're ya doin' here glowin' on my skanks?"
Ruth says: "We don't gotta put up with this!"
Ruth says: "We got polyside degrees."
Bender says: "Woah woah woah!"
Bender says: "Hang on!"
Bender says: "I'll just politely escort him in the gutter!"
Bender drags the glowing Fry out of the room.
Bender says: "Scram, shiny!"
He kicks Fry out with his footcup.
Bender says: "All right!"
Bender says: "How we feelin'?"
Ruth says: "Hot."
Ruth says: "I could bake a potato in my cleavage."
Esther says: "Yeah, I need a seltzer."
Bender says: "Uh, hey, drink machine, ya got anything classy for these delicate flowers?"
Bev says: "I ain't makin' drinks for no trashy robosluts!"
Esther says: "Trashy?"
Esther says: "At least I don't put out for quarters!"
Bev becomes angry, and sprays soda water on the two of them.
Esther says: "Hey!"
Bender starts taking photos of the two with his camera.
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Stop that..."
Bender says: "drink machine!"
Bender says: "Stop it, I say!"
Bev stops spraying soda water on the two of them.
Esther says: "That's it!"
Esther says: "We're outta here!"
She and Ruth start to walk away.
Ruth says: "C'mon."
Ruth says: "We'll split a blintz."
Bender says: "Wait!"
Bender says: "Gimme a chance to defend your honor."
Bender says: "And then sell it to you on the couch!"
Ruth and Esther walk out the door, which closes behind them. Bender turns back, facing Bev.
Bender says: "All right."
Bender says: "I've been waitin' all day for an excuse to hit a lady!"
Bev says: "You try it and I'll bash yo' face in!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "I'm so scared..."
Bender says: "no-arms!"
Bev falls down on Bender, and gets back up. Bender lunges at her, and they land on the couch. They continue to fight, knocking down several items.
Bev says: "Want some of this?"
Bender says: "Interesting!"
[Scene says: "Exterior Planet Express building, the next day."
[Scene says: "Interior, Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Fry, even more green than earlier that night, is drinking his umpeenth cup of Slurm."
Leela says: "Uh, Fry, you're glowing like the Human Torch on prom night."
Amy says: "Shouldn't you be standing on a rocky coast somewhere preventing shipwrecks?"
Amy, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes and Leela all laugh.
Fry says: "Nice!"
Fry says: "Hate me because of the brightness of my skin!"
Before Fry takes the cup, Bev groans and squirts some Slurm out into the cup.
Fry says: "You okay, ma'am?"
Fry says: "I think your soda water broke."
Bev squirts something else out of her spout into Fry's cup. Fry takes the cup and looks inside and hears something cry.
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "Bev just had a baby in my cup!"
The crew cowers in fear and disgust.
Fry says: "I know, right?"
Fry is about to drink out of the cup, but Leela snatches it away from him.
Leela says: "I better take that."
Leela says: "Wait, no he isn't."
Close up on the baby who looks like a tiny version of Bender with an input cable for an umbillical cord.
Leela says: "He looks like Bender!"
Bender says: "Oh, no no no!"
Bender says: "No way am I that kid's dad!"
Baby says: "Wipe my tiny metal ass!"
Bender says: "Ah, crap."
[Scene says: "The employee lounge."
[Scene says: "Hermes, Amy, Leela, Farnsworth, Zoidberg and the still bright green Fry and gathered around Bev with her son in a blanket wrapped around her."
[Scene says: "Bender meanwhile paces the floor."
Baby says: "Mama, thirsty!"
Bev says: "Hang on, dumplin'."
Bev says: "My milk's comin' in."
Close-up on Bev's buttons and suddenly a milk button appears between the Slurm Loco and Slurm buttons. The baby pushes the milk button and a hose appears from Bev and into the baby's mouth, who is satisfied.
Zoidberg says: "Uch!"
Zoidberg says: "In public?!"
Zoidberg says: "!"
Bender says: "Ah, biscuits!"
Bender says: "I'm a father?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "How did this happen?!!"
Bender says: "!!"
Bev says: "Does this ring a bell?"
Bender says: "Are you tellin' me the stuff we did in private and also twice on the sidewalk made a baby robot?"
Bender says: "How?!"
Bender says: "!"
Amy says: "Aw, Bender, didn't your mom ever tell you where robot babies come from?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "She was a religious fundamentalist."
Bender says: "Plus she didn't have a mouth."
Bender says: "It's an unusual combination."
Farnsworth says: "Come on, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "Let's take Bender to the teen center to learn about the bots and the bees."
[Scene says: "Exterior of the teen center."
[Scene says: "There is a sign outside that says "THE ROSIE D."
[Scene says: "AND ROBBIE T."
[Scene says: "ROBOT TEEN CENTER"."
[Scene says: "Interior of the teen center."
[Scene says: "The spotty teen robot, Tinny Tim, and Fat-bot are inside playing ping-pong."
[Scene says: "There are also bulletin boards, two arcade games, a cabinet, and a television on a stand with chairs around it."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express crew enter the room."
Leela says: "It's okay, Bender."
Leela says: "No one here will laugh at you for not knowing where robot babies come from."
The other teen robots in the room, contrary to what Leela said, actually do laugh but then hang their heads and sigh.
Tinny Tim says: "We don't know, either."
Farnsworth says: "Then prepare to be embarrassed."
Farnsworth puts the tape in the VCR. The TV turns on.
Narrator says: "SEX ED."
Narrator says: "VOLUME ONE or PANTS FULL of SHAME!"
Narrator says: "Meet Gerald, a maturing young robot."
Spotty Teen Robot says: "Hey, he looks like me!"
Narrator says: "His hideous appearance is a byproduct of his hardware gearing up for an important mission: reproduction."
Fat-bot says: "Oh boy oh boy oh boy!"
Narrator says: "Since factories can't manufacture enough robots to meet demand, robots can also reproduce by mating."
Bender says: "Aw, now you tell me!"
Narrator says: "First, Gerald must find a female robot."
Narrator says: "The best he can do is Francine."
Cut to a fembot, who buzzes.
Narrator says: "After beer and hot wings at a local gas station, the two enjoy intimate time behind a dumpster."
Narrator says: "It's all perfectly natural."
Narrator says: "Let's watch, aroused, as Gerald's antenna uploads a binary file to Francine's internal drive."
A series of ones and zeros become sperm and go into a hard drive.
Narrator says: "Manufacturing specs from each parent are then merged by a randomized algorithm and the resulting code guides assembly of a new robot."
Narrator says: "Yes, everything your body does is perfectly natural."
The spotty teen robot and Fat-bot high five each other.
Narrator says: "Except masturbation!"
Narrator says: "That's..."
Narrator says: "just..."
Narrator says: "wrong!!!"
The teen robots hang their heads in shame.
The TV turns off.
Bender says: "Daaaw, I can't believe I made a kid!"
Bender says: "I'm not ready!"
Bender says: "There's so much in the world I haven't stolen yet!"
Leela says: "Relax, Bender."
Leela says: "No one would let you near a child."
Leela says: "Bev will get custody and you'll be a deadbeat dad who never even bothers to know his own son."
Bender says: "You really think so?"
Leela says: "I know so."
Leela says: "You're absolutely horrible in every way."
Bender says: "You're sweet, Leela."
[Scene says: "Overhead exterior shot of Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Interior of Planet Express employee lounge."
[Scene says: "The baby is on the floor giggling and playing with building blocks that have ones and zeros on them."
[Scene says: "Bender enters the room."
Bender says: "Sorry, Bev, but I ain't cut out for fatherhood."
Bender says: "So here's my certificate of abandonment drawn up by our notary."
Scruffy enters with a stamp in his hand and reading glasses on.
Scruffy says: "That'll be ten bucks."
The camera cuts to Bender taping the document onto Bev with Fry in the background drinking.
Bender says: "Now take your kid an' hit the soup line!"
Bev turns around with electronic tears in her electronic eyes.
Bev says: "Oh, no, you don't, mister!"
Bev says: "Damn baby's drivin' me crazy!"
Bev says: "I still got womanly needs!"
Bev says: "Who's gonna look twice at me with this dirty leash hangin' off my dairy nozzle?"
Bender says: "Well, not me, that's for sure!"
Bev says: "He's all yours, pappy!"
Bender says: "Hey, wait!"
Bender says: "You can't le—"
Bender says: "Wha?"
Too late, as Bev leaves and Bender almost goes after her. He then looks behind him at his abandoned son who begins to wail. Bender picks him up and wails with him.
[Scene says: "Exterior of Robot Arms Apartments."
[Scene says: "Interior of Bender and Fry's room."
[Scene says: "Close-up on Bender with bloodshot eyes."
[Scene says: "He rocks his still-crying son to sleep in a cradle."
[Scene says: "After a while, his son finally falls asleep and drools."
[Scene says: "Bender sighs and walks over to a chair with an anvil tied to a rope over it."
[Scene says: "He sits down and takes a saw out of his chest cabinet and proceeds to saw the rope, lowering the anvil a little."
[Scene says: "This wakes up his son who resumes crying."
Bender says: "What th—"
Bender says: "?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Ah, can't I have one moment to myself?!!"
Bender says: "!!"
The jolly green doofus known as Fry walks out of his bedroom rubbing one of his eyes.
Bender says: "Why can't you sleep?"
Close-up on Fry now surrounded by moths.
Fry says: "I left my window open and moths got in."
Bender puts his son in a high chair as Fry climbs onto the sofa.
Bender says: "I swear if I wasn't such a great dad, I'd grab his ugly little neck and—"
Bender's son suddenly stops crying and starts giggling.
Bender says: "Hey, he stopped screamin' for a second."
Fry says: "Bend some other stuff!"
Bender picks up a fork and bends it to is son's delight, then bends a blernsball bat and Fry's bright green left leg. Fry screams in pain.
Bender's Son says: "Bend!"
Bender's Son says: "Bend!"
Bender says: "He loves bending!"
Bender says: "Just like me!"
Bender says: "That's my bastard!"
[Montage says: "A park."
[Montage says: "Bender and Ben are walking together, holding fishing equipment."
[Cut to says: "A bridge."
[Cut to says: "Bender and Ben are fishing."
[Cut to says: "They use their rods to steal Sal's wallet and the Queen of Yonkers' crown."
[Cut to says: "They give each other high-fives."
[Cut to says: "A road."
[Cut to says: "Ben and Bender are biking."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that Ben is using Bender's body is a bike."
[Cut to says: "They crash through the doors of BoozMart."
[Cut to says: "They run out, panting and carrying bags of alcohol."
[Cut to says: "A playground."
[Cut to says: "Ben is seated at a swing set."
[Cut to says: "Bender pushes the swing three times."
[Cut to says: "The third push sends Ben crashing through a window."
[Cut to says: "An alarm rings."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing the building to be the Bank of NNY."
[Cut to says: "Ben reappears, carrying a bag of money."
[Cut to says: "He jumps out of the window and lands in Bender's arms."
[Cut to says: "The two laugh."
[Cut to says: "Gunshots are then fired at them."
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
The two flee, still laughing.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express laboratory."
[Scene says: "Bender is bending a girder."
[Scene says: "Ben, now a little older, watches him in glee."
Ben says: "Bend it, daddy!"
Ben says: "Bend it like it called you poo-poo face!"
Bender says: "It called me what?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "?"
Bender says: "Ooooh!"
Bender says: "God damn!"
Bender bends the girder harder, twisting it into the shape of a pretzel.
Ben says: "Yay!"
Ben says: "You bended it like a p'etzel!"
Bender drops the girder. Wires, machinery and pipes now hang from the ceiling.
Bender says: "Okay."
Bender says: "Now, you."
Bender takes out a box labeled "TRAiNiNG GiRDERS" and hands Ben a miniature girder. Ben takes the girder and attempts to bend it.
Ben says: "I can't do it!"
Ben throws the girder to the ground.
Bender says: "Eh, buddy."
Bender says: "You're learnin'."
Bender says: "You'll get there."
Leela says: "Bender, I was wrong."
Leela says: "You're a fine parent and I want to apologi—"
Bender says: "Leela was wrong!"
Ben says: "Leela was wrong!"
Bender says: "Leela was wrong!"
Ben says: "Leela was wrong!"
Ben says: "Daddy, how'd you get so good at bending?"
Bender says: "I inherited my arm-control software from my mom."
Bender says: "That's how it's passed down."
Bender says: "Mother to son."
Ben says: "But..."
Ben says: "my mommy had no arms."
Ben says: "Does that mean I can never be a bender?"
Bender says: "Well, sure you can."
Bender says: "You just need to get a bending card installed."
Farnsworth says: "He has only one expansion slot and it holds his memory card."
Farnsworth says: "This Robot will never bend!"
Bender says: "Don't tell my son what he can an' can't do!"
Bender says: "You may know what's in his head,  but you don't know what's in his heart!"
Farnsworth says: "There's no slot in there either."
Bender says: "I said "shut up"!"
[Scene says: "Interior of the temple, there is a sign that says: "BOT-MITZVAH FOR BEN "VENDING" RODRIGUEZ—"
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Today marks young Ben's thirteenth day of bein' left on contin-yussly!"
Reverend Preacherbot says: "So, b'fo the lawd at this congregation, we upgrade him to manhoodbot!"
Reverend Preacherbot says: "Can I get a "mazl tov"?"
Cut to green Fry, drinking, Leela, Bender, Hermes, Farnsworth, Amy and Zoidberg in their Sunday best.
Leela says: "Mazl tov!"
Bender says: "Mazl tov!"
Hermes says: "Mazl tov!"
Farnsworth says: "Mazl tov!"
Amy says: "Mazl tov!"
Zoidberg says: "Mazl tov!"
Fry says: "Mazl tov!"
Ben takes the podium.
Ben says: "I'd like to thank the Preacherbot for the introduction and also for not circumcising me again."
Ben says: "Am I right?"
Ben says: "Twice was enough."
Ben says: "But seriously, today, I'm not just a manbot, I'm the luckiest manbot alive."
Ben says: "My mom may have abandoned me, but I have the greatest dad in the whole universe."
Ben says: "He's patient, he's not afraid to show his emotions..."
Ben says: "."
Bender says: "Don't look at me!"
Ben says: "..."
Ben says: "and someday, if my dreams come true, I'll be a bender, just like him."
Hermes says: "You must be so proud of your boy."
Bender says: "I can take 'im or leave 'im."
The celebration is interrupted by Bev, who crashes through one of the stained-glass windows into the temple.
Bev says: "I'm back for my son!"
Bev says: "I've come to take him and leave with him!"
The crew gasps.
Hermes says: "She beat you to both things!"
Bev says: "It's okay, son."
Bev says: "Mama's here now."
Ben says: "Daddy, don't let 'er take me!"
Ben runs up to his father, who embraces him.
Bender says: "Get your lack o' hands off my boy!"
Bender says: "You're an unfit parent who abandoned her child!"
Bev says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bev says: "Well, I'm still less unfitter than you!"
Bender says: "Sez hoo?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bev says: "Sez this document you gave me when you tried to abandon Ben first."
She squirts the Certificate of Abandonment out of her spout. Scruffy takes it, puts on his reading glasses, and examines it.
Scruffy says: "It's genuine."
The Planet Express crew, except for Fry who is, of course, still drinking, gasp.
Bender says: "That doesn't prove I'm an unfit parent!"
Bender says: "I was drunk and violent when I signed that!"
Bev says: "Well, I'm drunk and violent now!"
Bev says: "He's comin' with me!"
One of Bev's sides suddenly pops out and clutches Ben away.
Ben says: "DADDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!"
Bender says: "SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Day."
[Scene says: "Interior of the Professor's Laboratory."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Farnsworth, Leela, Hermes, Amy, and Green Fry are gathered around Bender who is collecting things in a box labelled "BEN'S PRECIOUS CRAP"."
Bender says: "My boy's gone!"
Bender says: "All I have left to remember him are these innocent playthings we stole together."
Hermes says: "That's it, Fry!"
Hermes says: "For a guy who's not too bright, you're too damn bright!"
Farnsworth says: "Now get out!!"
Farnsworth says: "And don't come back until someone finds a use for a million watt idiot!"
Fry sulks out of the room, melting the door on the way out.
[Scene says: "Exterior of a trailer park, night."
[Scene says: "There is a sign that says "Basura Blanca TRAILER ESTATES" on it."
[Scene says: "Interior of the trailer where Bev lives in."
[Scene says: "Ben is tucked in bed while Bev bids him goodnight."
Ben says: "Mom, will I ever get to see Dad again?"
Bev says: "No, he died yesterday."
Bev says: "Rust monsters ate his face."
Bev says: "Sweet dreams."
She bashes the light switch off and leaves. Ben whimpers. Suddenly, a familiar shadow falls on his blanket and he hears a tapping on the window.
Bender says: "Psst, quit whimperin' or ya don't get kidnapped!"
Ben says: "Dad!"
[Scene says: "Outside the trailer."
[Scene says: "Ben crashes through the window and rolls onto Bender embracing his father."
Bender says: "Come on!"
Bender says: "Let's run for it!"
Father and son run, embracing on the way.
[Fade to says: "Sometime later, deep in the woods."
[Fade to says: "Bender and Ben are sitting by a campfire."
Ben says: "What's gonna happen to us now, Dad?"
Bender says: "Well, I reckon we'll just sit around this campfire a while."
Ben says: "But then what?"
Bender says: "Only a fool plans more than a few centuries ahead, son."
A bright light suddenly hits them and takes them by surprise. The light is revealed to come from a police chopper.
URL says: "Freeze, camp woodsmen!"
Smitty says: "You're under arrest for kidnapping and burning raccoons without a permit!"
Bender and Ben flee the scene being chased by the chopper. However, the chopper catches up to them.
Ben says: "It's over, Dad!"
Bender says: "It ain't over!"
Bender says: "I can't outrun a hovercopter, but I can outbend it!"
Bender stretches his arms out and grabs hold of the blades attempting to bend them. However, he fails and his arms end up getting caught in the blades tangling his arms up.
Bender says: "I know, let's outrun it!"
Bender says: "There's a dam!"
Ben says: "Damn!"
Bender says: "There's a grate!"
Ben says: "Great!"
Bender says: "But I can't bend anything with my arms agonizingly maimed like this!"
Ben says: "Well, maybe I can!"
Bender gasps. Ben grabs hold of the grate, however he struggles to bend it.
Bender says: "You can do it, son!"
Ben keeps struggling and struggling, until Bender finally notices Smitty and URL behind him.
URL says: "Yeah, this ain't gon' happen."
He cuffs Bender.
Bender says: "Is that even necessary?"
[Cut to says: "Later that night."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship and its crew is now there."
Ben says: "I'm sorry, Daddy."
Bender says: "You got nothin' to be sorry about."
Leela says: "He's really a very good father."
The door of the chopper opens revealing URL and Bev.
URL says: "Alright."
URL says: "I got her statement."
URL says: "Aw, yeah."
Bev says: "I promise things'll be different, son."
Bev says: "From now on, I'm chainin' you to a radiator!"
Leela says: "I'm amazed someone who dispenses such warm soda could be so cold-hearted!"
Leela says: "It's another soda baby!"
Ben, Bender, Smitty and URL gasp. Close up to reveal the baby looks like URL.
URL says: "Damn!"
Bev cradles URL's son in her blanket and gives him milk.
Leela says: "You got knocked up by a police officer while he was looking for your kidnapped child?!"
Leela says: "!"
Bev says: "Sure did!"
Bev says: "I still got it!"
Bender says: "So now what happens?"
Bev says: "Tell you what, you keep the big one."
Bev says: "Long as I got a baby to neglect, I'm happy."
Leela says: "Should we call child services?"
URL says: "Naw, let's get outta here."
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the Planet Express building, day."
[Scene says: "interior of the Planet Express employees' lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender is celebrating with a party with decorations and a banner that says, "WELCOME HOME BEN!"
Bender says: "WOOOOOO-OOOO!"
Bender says: "WOOO!"
Bender says: "WOO-HOO-HOO!"
Bender says: "Woo?"
Ben says: "Sorry, Dad."
Ben says: "I'm glad to be back."
Ben says: "I'm just kinda bummed I can't bend stuff."
Ben says: "All I ever wanted was to go to Bending State, Santa Cruz."
Ben says: "But that's never gonna happen."
Bender says: "Listen, you need somethin' bent, you come to me, huh, champ?"
Ben simply gets up and walks out sulking.
Bender says: "Dammit!"
Bender says: "I love that little guy so much!"
Bender says: "I'd sacrifice any four of you if it would help him bend even a little!"
Farnsworth says: "There is one way!"
Farnsworth says: "Eh, but, no."
Farnsworth says: "It's too horrible!"
Bender says: "Nothing's too horrible for my boy!"
Farnsworth says: "Well, I could install a bending card."
Bender says: "But you said he only has one slot!"
Farnsworth says: "Correct!"
Farnsworth says: "I'd have to remove his memory card!"
Farnsworth says: "He'd be able to bend, but he'd lose all his memories!"
Farnsworth says: "He wouldn't even remember who you are!"
Bender turns toward Ben, who is trying to bend Amy's drinking straw in her beer.
[Scene says: "The operating room."
[Scene says: "Ben is on the table and Farnsworth is dressed in green as Bender watches in sadness."
Bender says: "You sure you wanna be a bender, son?"
Ben says: "More than anything."
Bender takes his son's hand.
Bender says: "Just remember, your daddy loves you."
Bender says: "Remember that, will you, son?"
Bender says: "Remember that!"
Ben says: "Dad, are you crying?"
Bender takes a marker and draws a crudely drawn happy face on the back of his head and turns his head around.
Bender says: ""No," I said with the mouth you're lookin' at."
Zoom out on Ben's head to reveal that Farnsworth is cutting it with a chainsaw. Bender winces in horror as the top comes out.
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Planet Express building on a very foggy night."
[Scene says: "Interior of the ship's hangar."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Amy, Bender, Scruffy, Hermes and Zoidberg all watch as Ben finally bends a girder with ease."
Bender says: "You sure take after your old man."
Ben says: "I never knew my father."
Bender says: "Ooooh, it's not important."
Bender says: "What is important is that we get you to Bending State Santa Cruz in time for registration!"
Zoidberg says: "Then we better hurry!"
Zoidberg says: "Registration ends in one hour!"
Bender says: "To the ship!"
[Scene says: "Exterior of the building."
[Scene says: "It is still foggy out."
[Scene says: "The ship lifts off with the headlights on."
[Scene says: "Leela is heard grunting."
[Scene says: "Interior of the ship."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Farnsworth, Hermes, Ben and Bender are seated with Leela at the wheel."
Leela says: "It's too foggy!"
Leela says: "We can't navigate through this storm!"
Leela says: "Our lights aren't bright enough."
Bender says: "I'm sorry I let you down, son."
Ben says: "Who are you again?"
Bender says: "It's just not possible to get you to bending school this year."
A door opens and a green light fills the room. Cut to reveal it is Fry, greener than ever and dressed in nothing but his underpants.
Fry says: "Or is there?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry drinks some Slurm Loco and his skin glows the brightest it has ever been. He takes off his underpants, the brightness covering his dirty parts and smiles.
[Cut to says: "Outside the ship to reveal that Fry is now used as a sort of hood ornament guiding the ship through the fog as the crew cheers."
Fry says: "Merry College Registration Day, everyone!"
A lightning bolt zaps Fry as he screams and Bender and Ben laugh as the ship rides off in the fog.