[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Smell-O-Vision Users Insert Nostril Tubes Now."
[Scene says: "Vladimir's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "A robot croaks and his arm shakes."
[Scene says: "He tries to clench his fist but is too weak and his arm falls beside him."
[Scene says: "He is lies in an old four-poster bed."
[Scene says: "The room around him is covered in cobwebs and lit by candles."
[Scene says: "A human butler stands at one side of the bed and a Doctorbot and the Preacherbot stand on the other side."
[Scene says: "The Doctorbot opens the old robot's chest cabinet and inside a life-support machine beeps and stops."
[Scene says: "The robot is dead."
[Scene says: "The Doctorbot closes the robot's eyes."
Doctorbot says: "Notify his survivors."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
Bender says: "B-E-N-D-E-R!"
Bender says: "Be-ender!"
Enter Hermes. He picks up a remote control and mutes Bender. Bender carries on dancing, unaware.
Hermes says: "Mail call!"
Hermes says: "Amy, here's your designer lingerie catalogue."
Hermes says: "Fry, Sadie's Bra Parade and, Leela, Bulk Underpants Outlet."
Leela snatches the catalogue from him.
Leela says: "You buy one pound of underwear and you're on their list forever."
Hermes says: "And for Bender-- Uh-oh!"
Hermes says: "A black-bordered envelope."
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "Someone you know must've died."
Bender takes the envelope and Hermes un-mutes him.
Bender says: "I hope it was one of my enemies; those guys suck!"
Bender says: "Oh, no!"
Bender says: "My uncle Vladimir."
Fry says: "Oh, I'm sorry, Bender."
Fry says: "When's the funeral?"
Bender says: "Tomorrow, at the family castle."
Bender says: "Followed by the reading of his will."
Bender says: "C'mon, it'll be fun!"
[Scene says: "Eastern Europe."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship lands during a lightning storm."
[Scene says: "It gets caught in a huge cobweb between some trees before landing on a landing pad near a small settlement."
[Scene says: "Thermostadt."
[Scene says: "The staff walk into the capital of the Robo-Hungarian Empire."
[Scene says: "The town is populated by robots, dressed like 11th-century folk."
[Scene says: "Bender addresses a robot feeding a horse."
Bender says: "Uh, pardon me, my good simpleton."
Bender says: "Could you take us to yon castle?"
He points to a large, imposing castle on a mountain top. The townsfolk mutter and run indoors. An old hunchbacked robot hobbles over to them.
Robot #1 says: "Some say unholy things happen up there."
Robot #2 says: "For example: All of us say that."
Farnsworth says: "Fuf!"
Farnsworth says: "Superstitious robot mumbo-jumbo."
Robot #2 says: "Mumbo, perhaps."
Robot #2 says: "Jumbo, perhaps not!"
Robot #2 says: "With all your modern science are you any closer to understanding the mystery of how a robot walks or talks?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, you idiot."
Farnsworth says: "The circuit diagram is right here on the inside of your case."
The robot slams it shut.
Robot #2 says: "I choose to believe what I was programmed to believe."
[Scene says: "Mountain."
[Scene says: "A hover-carriage pulled by two horses skids around a corner on a narrow mountain pass."
[Scene says: "It stops suddenly."
[Scene says: "Bender peeps out of the window."
Robot #2 says: "I will go this far and no further."
They are right outside the front door of the castle.
[Scene says: "Castle Cemetery."
Preacherbot says: "I now commend Vladimir's remains to the earth."
Preacherbot says: "Filings to filings; rust to rust."
Four pallbearerbots carry Vladimir's body towards the grave, package his body in polystyrene and a cardboard box, stamp "Return To Sender" on it and place it in the ground. A Fembot weeps and Preacherbot fills the hole.
[Scene says: "Offices of "Prosecutron 900-B, Execu-Tor, & Prosecutron 900-C, Solicitors."
[Scene says: "" Everyone is gathered for the reading of the will."
Execu-Tor says: "To my lazy, spoiled son, Tandy, who never learned the value of a dollar, I leave my entire $10 million fortune."
Tandy leans over to a Fembot.
Tandy says: "Is that a lot?"
Execu-Tor says: "And to my loving nephew, Bender, assuming he's not responsible for my death, I leave my castle."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "Let's stay there tonight."
Execu-Tor says: "On condition that he spend one night within its walls."
Bender says: "Oh, man, there's always a catch!"
[Scene says: "Castle Dining Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around a long table."
[Scene says: "Lightning flashes outside."
[Scene says: "Bender sips from a glass."
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "I got a good vibe from this place: Nice long dinner table, quiet, well-behaved spiders, graveyard-adjacent."
Bender says: "Yep!"
He drops his glass and screams.
Leela says: "What is it?"
Bender peeps over the top of the table and points.
Bender says: "That painting, the eyes are watching me!"
Farnsworth walks towards a portrait of Commodore LXIV.
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "It has motor eye sensors attached to motion detectors."
Bender says: "So does my butt, but I don't frame it and put it on the wall!"
Bender says: "Although--  What's that?"
Zoidberg says: "I don't know, but it's infectious!"
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Castle Parlour."
[Scene says: "The staff sit in front of a roaring fire."
[Scene says: "Bender's teeth chatter."
Bender says: "No doubt about it, this place is haunted."
Hermes says: "Don't be silly, mon."
Hermes says: "The last ghost died over 200 years ago."
Bender says: "The last human ghost."
Bender says: "But robot ghosts?"
He shudders. The Windows music plays again. Bender gasps and points at some blood-red numbers appearing on a wall. Leela and Amy turn around.
Leela says: "What does it mean?"
Bender says: "It's just gibberish."
Bender says: "1010011010?"
He screams and runs out of the room.
[Cut to says: "Castle Corridor."
[Cut to says: "He runs down the corridor being chased by a ghostly toaster with wings and the Windows logo."
[Cut to says: "He runs around a corner and gasps."
Bender says: "Uncle Vladimir!"
Vladimir-Ghost says: "Come, Bender."
Vladimir-Ghost says: "You'll like being dead!"
Bender says: "That's what they said about being alive."
Some robot ghosts appear from paintings on the wall.
Robot Ghosts says: "Join us!"
Robot Ghosts says: "Join us!"
Robot Ghosts says: "Join us, Bender!"
Bender screams and runs away. Again.
[Cut to says: "Castle Cemetery."
[Cut to says: "The staff dig up the graves of other robots."
[Cut to says: "Fry hands Leela the toaster that chased Bender."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth dusts off a piece of sparking equipment."
Farnsworth says: "Just as I suspected."
Farnsworth says: "These robots were buried in improperly-shielded coffins."
Farnsworth says: "Their programming leaked into the castles wiring through this old, abandoned modem allowing them to project themselves as holograms."
Hermes says: "Of course!"
Hermes says: "It was so obvious!"
Farnsworth says: "Yes, that sequence of words I said made perfect sense."
Farnsworth says: "We really should tell Bender there's nothing to be afraid of."
Bender runs screaming through the middle of the group and out onto the moors.
[Cut to says: "Moors."
[Cut to says: "Bender stops running and leans against a wall as he catches his breath."
[Cut to says: "He jumps and turns around."
[Cut to says: "Behind him, two lights light up."
[Cut to says: "They are the headlights on a car."
[Cut to says: "It speeds towards him."
Bender says: "Nooo!"
The car hits him and he goes flying, landing on the ground unconscious. The car howls at the moon and honks.
Time Lapse. The next morning the staff find Bender in a crumpled mess on the ground.
Fry says: "Bender, wake up!"
Fry says: "He's OK!"
Fry says: "Quick, does anyone have any liquor?"
Everyone offers him some. Bender takes a hip flask from Amy.
Leela says: "Bender, what happened?"
Bender says: "Somebody tried to run me over."
Bender says: "And not with a normal hover-car."
Bender says: "It crept along the ground on round, rubber feet, like a wolf!"
Fry says: "Poor Bender, you're seeing things."
Fry says: "You've been drinking too much, or too little, I forget how it works with you."
Fry says: "Anyway, you haven't drunk exactly the right amount."
Amy says: "Maybe he has."
Amy says: "Look at these tracks."
She points at some tyre tracks. Bender screams.
Leela says: "I think Bender may be telling the truth."
The others scream.
[Scene says: "The ship flies back to New New York City later that night."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The next morning, Bender staggers into the lounge, where the other staff already are."
[Scene says: "His eyes are bloodshot."
Zoidberg says: "Bender, you look awful."
Zoidberg says: "I prescribe make-up."
Zoidberg says: "Here."
Zoidberg says: "It just so happens I have my Mary Kay sample case!"
Bender says: "Ah, I just need sleep."
Bender says: "I had nightmares all night about cars running people over."
Zoidberg says: "Many people dream of a fresh, new look."
Zoidberg says: "And Mary Kay can make those dreams come true."
Enter Leela.
Leela says: "Look at this."
Leela says: "They found those same rubbery tracks right here in New New York."
Leela says: "There was a hit-and-run by the robot porno theatre."
Bender gasps.
Bender says: "Robot porno theatre?"
Bender says: "I was in that..."
Bender says: "general area last night."
Bender says: "Whoever ran me down out on the moors must've followed me back here."
Hermes says: "Bender, mon, no one's trying to run you over."
Hermes says: "Stop being a big, hallucinating baby."
Bender says: "Yeah?"
Bender says: "Could a big, hallucinating baby do this:  I scared!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "A grey car drives across rooftops and down the transport tubes."
[Scene says: "In an alley two vandals smash up a car with a blernsball bat and a crowbar."
[Scene says: "One laughs."
Vandal #1 says: "I don't know which I like more: Smashing cars or smashing faces."
Vandal #2 says: "Well, lucky you don't gotta decide tonight."
Vandal #2 says: "Now come on, we got church tomorrow."
Vandal #2 says: "Did you hear something?"
They both look around then carry on walking.
Vandal #1 says: "Ah, it was probably just a golden marmoset."
The car revs its engine.
Vandal #2 says: "That don't sound like no golden marmoset I ever heard."
They run into a building called The Squatterly.
[Cut to says: "The Squatterly."
[Cut to says: "They close the door behind them, catch their breath and high-five."
Vandal #1 says: "Made it!"
Vandal #2 presses the elevator button.
Vandal #2 says: "So anyway, what're you wearing tomorrow?"
The elevator doors open. The car is in there. The vandals scream.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "The car honks and howls and it echoes around the city."
[Scene says: "Impound Lot 136."
[Scene says: "The next morning Bender wakes up in a puddle of oil."
[Scene says: "He groans and wipes some oil from his mouth."
Bender says: "Where--?"
Bender says: "What the--?"
Bender says: "Transmission fluid?"
Bender says: "Where have I been?"
Bender says: "What happened?"
Sal kicks him.
Sal says: "Gets outta here, yous lousy bum!"
Bender says: "Please, I'm scared."
Sal says: "We're all scared, it's the human condition."
Sal says: "Why do you thinks I put on this tough-guy facade?"
Sal says: "Now beat it!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender recounts his tale to Fry and Leela."
Bender says: "I passed out around midnight, which is much earlier that usual, and when I woke up I found these in my chest cabinet."
He pulls out some fluffy dice.
Fry says: "Aw, relax, buddy."
Fry says: "You were probably just shooting some big, fuzzy craps."
Bender says: "No, I think I may have hurt someone."
Bender says: "Oh, Lord!"
Bender says: "I'm on the verge of a nervous meltdown."
He bangs his head.
Fry says: "Jeez, Bender, you're scaring me."
Fry says: "You're going wacko!"
Bender says: "You're right, I need professional help."
Bender says: "And damn the expense."
[Scene says: "Carnival."
[Scene says: "Bender's "professional help" is a Circus Fortune-teller machine which costs 5c."
Bender says: "Damn the expense!"
He puts 5c in and the gypsy lights up.
Gypsy says: "My friend, you have nothing to worry about."
Gypsy says: "Except a nightmare-ish life of unremitting horror!"
Bender says: "Phew!"
Gypsy says: "For, you see, you are a were-car."
Fry, Leela and Bender gasp.
Bender says: "A were-car?"
Gypsy says: "The car that ran you down on the moors was also a were-car."
Gypsy says: "It beamed a virus to you through its demonic headlights."
Leela says: "That's crazy!"
Gypsy says: "Yes."
Gypsy says: "So crazy that it must be true!"
Gypsy says: "Each midnight, when your clock resets to zero, your hardware reconfigures into a murderous, four-wheeled car."
Bender says: "I can't keep running people over."
Bender says: "I'm not famous enough to get away with it."
Bender says: "Can't you help me?"
Gypsy says: "Yes."
Gypsy says: "But you must be willing to pay a terrible price."
Bender says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
He puts another 5c in.
Gypsy says: "Follow me."
She walks off.
[Scene says: "Gypsy's Caravan."
[Scene says: "She reads "Curse Of The Were-Car For Windows 98"."
Gypsy says: "According to this ancient read-me file, your only hope is to destroy the original were-car."
Bender says: "I'm with you."
Gypsy says: "In its death throes, the dread car will beam out the virus's uninstall program, thus ridding you of the curse."
Bender says: "And otherwise I can never die?"
Gypsy says: "Who said that?"
Gypsy says: "Sure you can die."
Gypsy says: "You want to die?"
She points a laser at him.
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "I wanna live!"
Bender says: "There's still too many things I don't own!"
Gypsy says: "Then live on, forever cursed."
Gypsy says: "Each night, your attacks will become more gruesome until, one dark night, you are doomed to kill your dearest friend."
Fry gulps.
Fry says: "I wouldn't wanna be me right now."
Gypsy says: "Uh, could one of you just-- Ah, forget it."
Gypsy says: "I'll just sleep here."
She snores and the others leave.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela finishes welding Bender to the wall."
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "No rampaging for you tonight."
Bender says: "Wouldn't it make sense to weld everyone except me to the wall?"
Leela says: "Just relax, Bender."
Leela says: "Tomorrow we'll pry you down, have a nice breakfast and then go hunt down and slaughter that ancient evil."
Fry says: "It'll be a rich, full day."
[Scene says: "Outside Robot Arms Apartments."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela leave the building."
Leela says: "Well, goodnight."
Leela says: "I'm gonna go make my dinners for the next month and freeze them."
[The two part company. Above them says: "58:48, 49, 50, 51, 52..."
the huge digital clock displays 11 says: "58:48, 49, 50, 51, 52..."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender stirs in his sleep."
[Cut to says: "His internal clock reaches midnight and the were-car routine begins."
[Cut to says: "He wakes up."
[Cut to says: "His arm turns into a wheel, as do his other limbs."
[Cut to says: "He falls from the wall and his casing forces itself into the shape of a car chassis."
[Cut to says: "His head stretches and his eyes turn into headlights."
[Cut to says: "They light up and the engine purrs."
[Cut to says: "Robot Arms Apartments Corridor."
[Cut to says: "The Bender-car bursts through the wall and drives down the corridor."
[Cut to says: "Outside Robot Arms Apartments."
[Cut to says: "Bender smashes through the front doors and speeds off down the street."
[Cut to says: "He howls and honks at the moon."
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks through the deserted city and gulps when she hears the honking."
[Cut to says: "Fry turns as he hears it."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks around a corner and comes to face to face with the Bender-car."
[Cut to says: "She dives out of the way."
[Cut to says: "Fry appears."
Fry says: "Bender, no!"
Leela says: "Fry, stay back!"
Bender tears after her. He chases her into an alley and she comes to a dead end.
Fry says: "You jerk."
Fry says: "I thought I was your best friend."
Fry says: "What kind of two-timing kill-mobile are you?"
Bender drives at Leela and she screams. She runs through a gap in the fence and into a junkyard.
[Cut to says: "Park Avenue Junk."
[Cut to says: "Leela jumps onto a mattress and springs out of Bender's way."
[Cut to says: "Bender crashes into some rubbish."
[Cut to says: "He shakes it off and looks around for Leela."
[Cut to says: "Leela drives up behind him in a crane and lifts him up with the grabber."
[Cut to says: "Bender growls and honks."
Fry says: "I can't believe this!"
Fry says: "Bender is supposed to murder his closest friend, which I thought was me."
Fry says: "But he went straight for you."
Fry says: "He didn't even try to second-degree murder me."
Leela says: "Could you give me some help?"
Leela says: "I think Bender crushed my foot."
Fry says: "Stop rubbing it in!"
Time Lapse. The next morning Bender is nearly back to normal, though his right arm is still a wheel. He wakes up, screams and shakes it back to normal. Leela lowers him to the ground.
Bender says: "Oh, God!"
Bender says: "Fry, I'm so glad to see you."
Bender says: "I didn't hurt you, did I?"
Fry says: "Not physically."
Fry says: "But why don't you ask your new best friend, Leela?"
Bender says: "I tried to run you over?"
Leela says: "It was very sweet of you, Bender."
Bender says: "Fry, it doesn't mean anything."
Bender says: "I have love enough for two."
Fry says: "Words."
Fry says: "Nothing but sweet, sweet words that turn into bitter, orange wax in my ears."
Leela says: "Enough with the feelings, you two."
Leela says: "If we're gonna cure Bender we've got to go back to the castle and hunt down the original were-car."
[Scene says: "Thermostadt."
[Scene says: "The ship lands outside the town and Fry, Bender and Leela walk through the street."
[Scene says: "The robots make the sign of the cross but the crew take no notice."
Fry says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Leela says: "Cursed, got it."
Bender says: "Whatever."
[Scene says: "Outside Old Shack."
[Scene says: "The trio follow some tyre tracks to the garage door of a rickety old shack."
Leela says: "The tracks lead here."
Fry says: "Thanks, eagle eye."
Leela says: "Now it's daylight, so he should be in robot form."
Leela says: "But be careful: Many robots are stupid and violent."
Bender says: "I wish I was stupid and violent."
He screams and someone rams a pitchfork at him.
Yokelbot says: "Get ye to your houses, ye ignorant villagers."
He pokes Bender with his pitchfork.
Leela says: "We are not ignorant villagers, we're sophisticated New New Yorkers."
Leela says: "Whup his butt!"
They dive on the robot and punch him.
Yokelbot says: "Stop!"
Yokelbot says: "What are ye doing?"
Bender says: "We're whaling on the original were-car, which is you, you jerk."
Yokelbot says: "Ye think me be he?"
Bender says: "Sí."
Yokelbot says: "Nee."
Yokelbot says: "I mean, "no"."
Yokelbot says: "I was given the curse many a year ago while on a bird-watching trip to the Arctic..."
[Scene says: "Arctic."
[Scene says: "The ship cruises over the icy landscape, lands and skids to a stop outside an igloo."
Yokelbot says: "I was attacked by a vicious, motorised sled."
Yokelbot says: "The natives called it "The Abominable Snowmobile"."
[Scene says: "Igloo."
[Scene says: "The crew sit with an Inuitbot."
Inuitbot says: "Yes, it's true."
Inuitbot says: "I ran over that bird-watching jerk and a hundred others."
Inuitbot says: "Even my best friend from aromatherapy school."
Fry says: "I once had a best friend who liked to smell things with me."
He glares at Bender.
Inuitbot says: "Alas, I'm afraid I'm not the original were-car."
Inuitbot says: "I received the curse while taking a learning annex class from a famous robot actor."
[Scene says: "Outside All My Circuits Soundstage."
[Scene says: "The crew go in."
Inuitbot says: "You know him as Calculon."
[Scene says: "Calculon's Dressing Room."
[Scene says: "Calculon is dressed in period costume."
[Scene says: "He dabs himself with Silver Pancake and Iron Blush."
Calculon says: "Oh, fate most cruel, would that my boundless acting skills would avail me a sword with which to slay this wretched curse."
Bender says: "Let's kick him some more."
Calculon says: "No, wait, let me explain."
Calculon says: "It all began one fateful night a thousand years ago."
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Bender says: "You're a thousand years old?"
Bender says: "Your bio says you're 27!"
Calculon says: "Lies!"
Calculon says: "I change my identity and upgrade my appearance every few decades to avoid suspicion."
Calculon says: "I was all of history's great acting robots: Acting Unit 0."
Calculon says: "8, Thespo-mat, David Duchovny!"
Fry says: "Look, are you the original were-car or not?"
Calculon says: "No, but you are nearing the end of your search."
Calculon says: "For, you see, I was attacked by the original were-car."
Bender says: "Give us a name, MacButt!"
Calculon says: "The year was 2019, and I was just a lowly robot arm..."
[Flashback. 2019 says: "Car Factory."
Calculon says: "..."
Calculon says: "a savage, intelligent military vehicle built from the most evil parts of the most evil cars in all the world."
Calculon says: "The steering wheel from Hitler's staff car, the left-turn signal from Charles Manson's VW, the windshield wipers from that car that played Knight Rider."
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "Knight Rider wasn't evil."
Calculon says: "His windshield wipers were."
Calculon says: "It didn't come up much in the show though."
Calculon says: "Anyway..."
[Flashback. 2019 says: "Car Factory."
Calculon says: "For, you see, it was pure evil."
Project Satan's headlights light up and it rams Calculon. It honks and howls.
Flashback ends.
Leela says: "So what happened to Project Satan?"
[Scene says: "Paris."
[Scene says: "Bender."
[Scene says: "Leela and Fry stand near the Eiffel Tower looking around."
Calculon says: "It's either in Paris, or much more likely..."
[Scene says: "Outside Chrysler Factory."
Calculon says: "..."
Calculon says: "still in the abandoned automotive lab."
The Planet Express ship lands outside the building. Someone has sprayed "Anti-" in front of "Chrysler".
[Scene says: "Chrysler Factory."
[Scene says: "Rats run around the deserted building."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender and Fry open the door and walk in."
Leela says: "You guys distract the were-car and I'll kill it by plugging its exhaust pipe with this silver potato."
Time Lapse. They peer over a pile of debris.
Bender says: "Psst, there it is."
Project Satan is parked next to a furnace, sobbing.
Leela says: "It looks so unhappy."
Leela says: "Excuse me?"
Leela says: "Are you Project Satan?"
Leela says: "Don't be afraid."
Leela says: "We know what you are."
Project Satan says: "You do?"
Leela says: "Would you like us to..."
Leela says: "put you out of your misery?"
Project Satan says: "Misery?"
Project Satan says: "What misery?"
Project Satan says: "I love killing people!"
Project Satan says: "Squishing them till their organs squirt out like chunky mustard."
Bender says: "Look, everyone loves killing people, but I don't wanna hurt my friends."
He puts his arms around Fry and Leela. Fry walks off in a huff. A bell tolls 12 outside. Bender's arms turn into wheels.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "It's midnight."
Bender says: "Hey, this is starting to feel pretty good!"
His legs morph into wheels and he and Project Satan laugh. Project Satan turns to Fry and Leela.
Leela says: "Fry, distract him."
Fry says: "Hey, Project Satan!"
Fry says: "Over here!"
Fry says: "I'm a blind pedestrian!"
Fry says: "20 points!"
Project Satan chases Fry and Leela grabs hold of its rear bumper.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "There's no exhaust pipe!"
Project Satan says: "That's right!"
Project Satan says: "Thanks to Ed Begley Jr."
Project Satan says: "'s electric motor, the most evil propulsion system ever conceived!"
Project Satan says: "Take whichever one you want."
Bender says: "Oh, boy!"
Bender says: "I feel like a car in a candy store!"
He chooses Fry and tries to ram him. Fry runs away.
Fry says: "Too tight!"
Fry says: "Too tight!"
Bender's steering wheel hits Fry in the face. Project Satan chases Leela into a crash test area and up a huge ramp. She dives off the end of it.
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Project Satan screams as he flies over several yellow school buses. Bender drives up a ramp on the other side and he, Project Satan and Fry scream as they fly past each other. Project Satan drives down the other ramp and laughs, then screams as it realises it is about to go face-first into a "very, very, very, very, very" hot furnace. It slams its brakes on but doesn't stop in time. It lands in the furnace and melts as its headlight flash purple. Bender's antenna beeps as the were-car program uninstalls itself. He starts turning back into his normal self.
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
He runs down the other ramp and falls over, back to his old robot self.
Leela says: "Bender, you're cured!"
Leela says: "But what happened to Fry?"
Bender says: "I must've killed him."
Bender says: "He's my best friend and I killed him."
Bender says: "I never felt so empty inside."
His door opens. Fry is inside.
Fry says: "Bender, I'm alive!"
Fry says: "Here's to you."
He drinks.
Bender says: "Hey, that's my last beer, you bastard."
Bender says: "I'll kill you!"
Fry raises his bottle.
Fry says: "I'll kill you too, buddy."
Fry says: "I'll kill you too!"
Bender chokes him.
Closing Credits.