[Opening Credits says: "If you don't watch it, someone else will."
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apts."
[Scene says: ": Fry's bedroom."
[Scene says: "Fry is sleeping."
[Scene says: "Bender and a ladybot sneak around in the hallway."
[Scene says: "The ladybot is giggling."
Bender says: "Don't wake up Fry."
They exit the scene. They return the other way, the ladybot is still giggling.
Bender says: "My roommate's sleeping."
Close up on Fry. Bender's hands are shaking him.
Bender says: "Wake up already!"
Bender says: "Now can we get some privacy?"
Confused, Fry gets back to sleep. But it doesn't last long. The noises from Bender's room are keeping him awake. The sound of a truck going backwards is heard.
Bender says: "Ah yeah, backing on up."
Time lapse. It's morning. Bender and the ladybot are playing music in Fry's room.
Bender says: "Okay, hambone break's over."
Bender says: "Back to the bedroom."
Him and the ladybot exit. Fry remains unable to sleep.
Bender says: "Hambone!"
Bender says: "Hambone!"
Bender says: "Hambone."
In frustration, Fry tries to cover his head with his pillow.
Time lapse. Fry is finally asleep.
Bender says: "Wake up and feel the coffee."
[Bender pours coffee on Fry. Fry wakes up says: "55."
spitting out the coffee. He looks at his alarm clock. It is 11 says: "55."
Fry says: "Oh no!"
Fry says: "I'm late for work again!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "Bender, Farnsworth, Hermes, Zoidberg and Amy are there."
[Scene says: "Bender is smoking a cigar."
[Scene says: "Fry enters."
Fry says: "Sorry, I'm late."
Bender says: "Well, well, well."
Bender says: "Look who decided to show up."
Farnsworth says: "I've had it with your tardiness, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "I expect you to arrive the same time as everyone else."
Fry says: "Well, wait a second."
Fry says: "Leela's not here yet."
Amy says: "She left a while ago."
Amy says: "She said some idiot were taking her to lunch for her birthday."
Fry realises. Looks at his watch.
Fry says: "Oh no!"
Fry says: "I'm late."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Leela is sitting by a table for two alone."
[Scene says: "Looking annoyed."
[Scene says: "Leela is awaken."
Elzar says: "Since you got stood up, I thought this might cheer you up a notch."
He hands her a cake slice with a lit candle in it.
Leela says: "That's not necessary."
Elzar says: "What day is today?"
It's Leela's birthday.
Leela says: "Please stop."
Leela says: "I really would like you to stop singing."
Elzar says: "You want to buy a slice of a birthday cake for 11."
Elzar says: "95?"
Leela says: "Yes, please."
Elzar exits the shot. Enter Fry.
Fry says: "Ooh, nice cake."
Fry says: "Sorry, I'm late."
Leela says: "Nah, it's fine."
Fry says: "You're not mad?"
Leela says: "I was."
Leela says: "But then I realised it's actually my fault for thinking you might be on time for once."
Leela says: "Anyhow, I ate both our lunches."
Leela says: "You ordered the Lobster Pilé."
Leela says: "It wasn't cheap."
She drags the bill towards Fry. She leaves with the cake slice.
Elzar says: "Bam!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "On top of the Planet Express ship are Fry and Leela."
[Scene says: "They are cleaning the cannon with giant cotton buds."
Fry says: "Please, let me make it up to you."
Fry says: "I'll treat you to a fancy birthday dinner tonight at Cavern on the Green."
Leela says: "Wow."
Leela says: "That'll be the nicest place I've ever been stood up."
They take out the cotton buds. It has some wax on it and they turn it around to continue the process.
Fry says: "Not this time."
Fry says: "No matter what happens, I'll swear I be there."
Enter Bender with a piece of paper.
Bender says: "Guys, guys!"
Bender says: "Hedonism bot is finally settling down and marrying a nice house in the suburb."
Bender says: "But tonight, he's having the girls gone wildest bachelor party of all time."
Fry lifts his arms in excitement.
Fry says: "Woohoohoohoo..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "cares?"
Fry says: "I'm having dinner with Leela."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Just go to your stupid party."
Leela says: "We can have dinner on my birthday some other year."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "I can throw up on a stripper anytime."
Fry says: "Tonight, I wanna not throw up."
Fry says: "On you."
Leela is glad again.
Leela says: "Really?"
Bender says: "Your loss."
Bender says: "Hey, Professor, you're my wingman."
Farnsworth says: "Very well."
Farnsworth says: "Eh, Cubert, fetch my drinking teeth."
Farnsworth takes out his regular teeth, Cubert picks up a new set of teeth with a straw in the middle and inserts into Farnsworth's mouth.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "It's evening."
[Scene says: "Fry and Amy are there."
[Scene says: "Fry is signing a birthday card."
[Scene says: "On the front it says 'Happy Birthday to Mew!"
[Scene says: "'."
Fry says: "I just have to sign Leela's birthday card."
Fry says: "How do you spell XO?"
Amy says: "Guh."
Amy says: "It's a record-your-own-message card."
Amy says: "You don't sign it."
Amy says: "You leave a nude video greeting."
Fry says: "Does it have to be nude?"
Amy says: "I guess not."
Amy says: "That never occurred to me."
Amy leaves.
Fry says: "If I leave now, record a birthday greeting on the way, score some fancy cologne at the newsstand, I'll be exactly on time!"
He runs off to the door, but is interrupted by the entrance of Bender and Farnsworth.
Farnsworth says: "You're not going anywhere."
Fry says: "But I have a date."
Farnsworth says: "You were late this morning."
Farnsworth says: "So you'll have to stay and test my latest invention."
Farnsworth says: "Behold!"
Farnsworth says: "A time travelling machine!"
Fry and Bender gasp.
Bender says: "Time?"
Bender says: "I can't go back there."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, but this time machine only goes forward in time."
Farnsworth says: "That way you can't accidentally change history."
Farnsworth says: "Or do something disgusting like sleep with your own grandmother."
Fry says: "I wouldn't wanna do that again."
Farnsworth says: "We're going to test it by going forward in time one minute."
Farnsworth says: "Get in."
Fry says: "Okay, hurry."
Fry says: "Let's get it over with."
Fry says: "I can record Leela's birthday card while we're in there."
They all enter.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "Fry has opened the birthday card and is beginning to record his message."
Fry says: "Happy birthday, Leela."
Fry says: "I'm really sorry I'm gonna be one minute late, 'cause we're testing the professor's dumb time machine."
[Camera pans to Farnsworth says: "05 pm."
Fry is muffled out of hearing range. Farnsworth is standing by the controls to the time machine. The current date reads 29 July says: "05 pm."
3010 says: "05 pm."
10 says: "05 pm."
Farnsworth says: "Okay."
Farnsworth says: "I'll just nudge us forward exactly one minute into the—"
Farnsworth trips and falls, pulling the leaver too hard. The machine starts moving forward in time. Fry is losing the card in the confusion as it leaps out of the machine.
Fry says: "My card!"
Farnsworth gets up and stops the machine. They look outside and are amazed at what they are seeing. New New York is entirely in ruins.
Fry says: "Did we go too far?"
Fry says: "What time is it?"
[They look at the machine. It reads 3 December says: "55 pm."
10 000 says: "55 pm."
4 says: "55 pm."
Bender says: "The year ten thousand!"
[Scene says: "Outside the time machine."
[Scene says: "The camera zooms out."
[Scene says: "We see the entirety of New New York in ruins."
Farnsworth says: "Whoopsie."
Time lapse. The caption 'The Year 10,000' appears.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
Farnsworth says: "Oh dear."
Farnsworth says: "I mean, oh my."
Fry says: "The year ten thousand?"
Fry says: "But I promised Leela I'll be on time for dinner."
Farnsworth says: "Relax, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "Everyone we ever knew died thousands of years ago."
Bender says: "Everyone we ever knew?"
Bender says: "Nah, I never liked those guys."
[Scene says: "Outside time machine."
[Scene says: "They leave the time machine."
[Scene says: "They walk until they come near the Statue of Liberty."
[Scene says: "They gasp."
[Scene says: "Fry gets on his knees."
Fry says: "Noooo!"
[Scene says: "Cavern on the Green."
[Scene says: "The year 3010."
[Scene says: "Leela is waiting alone."
[Scene says: "A waiter comes over."
Waiter says: "While you await your  century after century."
Enter Elzar with a birthday cake slice.
Elzar says: "Hey, aren't you the loser who got stood up on my other restaurant?"
Leela says: "Just shut up and bring me two dinners."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Employee lounge."
[Scene says: "Cubert, Amy, Zoidberg and Hermes are watching television."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Leela says: "Has anyone seen Fry's ass?"
Leela says: "It's late for a date with my boot."
Cubert says: "Fry's not here."
Cubert says: "Obviously he went to that pervert party with Bender and the professor."
He grunts.
Leela says: "Fry went to the party?"
She grunts. A news bulletin comes on.
Linda says: "..."
Linda says: "of the disaster at Hedonism bot's bachelor party."
The crew gasps. On the television, Morbo is in the field.
Morbo says: "Linda, what began as innocent fun ended in tragedy tonight when a nuclear powered robot stripper suffered a catastrophic reactor meltdown."
Morbo says: "There is only one survivor."
[Scene says: "New New York: Near the disaster."
[Scene says: "Hedonism bot is clearly damaged."
Hedonism bot says: "Everywhere I looked there were piles of bodies."
Hedonism bot says: "And then the explosion struck."
He laughs, but then begins crying.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Employee lounge."
Zoidberg says: "The three coworkers I liked..."
Zoidberg says: "all dead!"
Leela says: "Fry stood me up and died?"
Leela says: "Can I be both?"
Hermes says: "It's what he'd want."
Leela says: "Then that's what I am!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
She kicks the television and begins sobbing.
[Scene says: "New New York: Around where the Planet Express building were."
[Scene says: "The year 10,000."
[Scene says: "Fry, Farnsworth and Bender are sitting around a fire place."
Bender says: "Man, the future is a total craphole."
Bender says: "Whoever lives here is a crapface sack of crap."
Bender says: "No offence, fellows."
Native #1 says: "Don't sweat it, man."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I'll never see Leela again."
Farnsworth says: "No, without a backwards time machine we're stuck in this craphole."
Native #1 says: "Dude, give it a rest."
Farnsworth says: "Hold on!"
Farnsworth says: "I got it."
Farnsworth says: "We can't go back in time, but we can keep going forward until people invent the backwards time machine."
Fry says: "And then we can go home."
Bender says: "Hit it."
A song begins playing to the tune of Zager & Evans' In the year 2525.
If man is still alive.
If robot can survive.
They may find.
The backwards time machine still won't have arrived.
In all the world, there's only one technology.
A rusty sword for practicing proctology.
A slumpy merman is gonna try to get chummy.
He may look like a watery wimp.
When in fact he's a blood thirsty schrimp.
Human kind is enslaved by giraffe.
Men must pay for all his misdeeds.
When the tree tops are stripped off their leaves.
Woah-wow.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "The year 3030."
[Scene says: "Planet Express is now a giant delivery company with many many copies of the Planet Express ship."
[Scene says: "Leaving and entering."
[Scene says: "An old Hermes and old Leela looks over the hangar which now have 3 stories of ships which are all leaving and entering."
Old Hermes says: "Sometimes I can't believe how successful Planet Express became once the professor was killed and you seized control."
Old Leela says: "There were tough times."
Old Leela says: "But we all pulled together."
An old Zoidberg enters the conversation.
Old Zoidberg says: "I've been crunching the numbers on our transgalactic strategy—"
Old Leela says: "What are you doing here?"
Old Leela says: "I laid you off twenty years ago."
Zoidberg flees. But he can't keep it up.
Old Zoidberg says: "Oh, the claws can't flee like they used to."
Old Leela says: "Success is nice, but I do kinda miss the old days."
She takes out a photo of her and Fry, who is drinking a can of Slurm. Behind the photo stands an older Cubert.
Old Cubert says: "Hey, Leels."
Leela strokes her hair.
Old Leela says: "Hi, Cubert."
Cubert's eyes widen.
[Scene says: "The year five million."
[Scene says: "The planet is covered with futuristic buildings and its beings are short and pink, with pointy ears, carrying a headband with a red circle in front."
[Scene says: "They can even fly."
[Scene says: "The crew's time machine lands in a park and they meet two inhabitants."
Male inhabitant says: "May we help you, strange ones?"
Bender says: "We are travellers from the past, my good runt."
Female inhabitant says: "I see, since your time, human evolution has diverged."
She opens up a holographic presentation above their heads. A human figure is split in two; one side is the pink ones.
Male inhabitant says: "There are we; advanced in intellect and morality."
The other side becomes a big blue creature.
Female inhabitant says: "And the Dumblocks; stupid vicious brutes, who live underground."
Farnsworth says: "Advanced in intellect, you say?"
Farnsworth says: "Have you invented a backwards time machine?"
Female inhabitant says: "No, but if we apply our superior minds, we can perfect such a device within five years."
Farnsworth says: "See you then!"
They travel forward in time.
Five years later.
Bender says: "We're back for our time machine."
However, this time the Dumblocks have taken over and one hits Bender on the head.
[Scene says: "The year ten million."
[Scene says: "Here, many ruins cover the Earth, while giant robots with laser beams rage war upon the humans."
[Scene says: "Some wounded soldiers pass by the time machine as it arrives."
Farnsworth says: "Yuhoo, boys!"
Farnsworth says: "What's this era in human history like?"
Soldier #1 says: "The..."
Soldier #1 says: "the machines, we built them to make our lives easier, but they rebelled."
Soldier #1 says: "They won't stop until every human is dead."
Farnsworth and Fry aren't pleased with this future, but Bender, on the other hand, seems to be enjoying the prospect.
Bender says: "This seems like a nice future."
Bender says: "Let's just stay here."
Bender says: "We can settle down on that mountain of skulls."
Farnsworth and Fry look at each other. Farnsworth pull the switch.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "That place had a gorgeous view of Blood Lake."
[Scene says: "The year fifty million."
[Scene says: "The Earth is now covered with grass and few structures."
[Scene says: "Its inhabitants are all beautiful human females."
[Scene says: "As they arrive, the ladies immediately notice them as time travellers."
Lady #1 says: "Greetings, time travellers."
Bender is mumbling behind them.
Bender says: "Stupid jerks wouldn't let me stay in the good future."
Fry says: "How do you know we're time travellers?"
Lady #2 says: "We too studied the time travel enigma."
Lady #3 says: "We have perfected a method using negative mass neutrino fields that allow us to travel backwards in time."
Farnsworth says: "My name's Hubert."
Fry says: "All right!"
Fry says: "We can go home!"
Bender says: "Nah-nah!"
Bender says: "We can go..."
He makes a fart sound and does a thumbs down in disapproval.
Lady #1 says: "We can talk about our research tomorrow."
Lady #1 says: "Men are very rare in our society."
Lady #1 says: "Even very old and stupid males are priced."
Lady #1 says: "Tonight, please be the guests of honour at our fertility banquet."
Farnsworth says: "Well, there is certainly no harm in a fertility banquet."
Fry says: "I can eat."
Fry says: "And fertilise."
Lady #1 says: "Very well, let us anoint our guests in oil without using our hands."
Bender says: "Oh, so we can stay in the future you like?"
Bender says: "But not the future I like?"
Bender says: "Next!"
He pulls the switch, all the others gasp.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth cries and Fry is displeased."
Farnsworth says: "No!"
Farnsworth says: "I was about to close the deal."
Fry says: "Bender, they had a backwards time machine."
Bender says: "The other place had a lot of good things too."
Bender says: "Did you even see that mountain of skulls?"
Farnsworth says: "Why you!"
He gives Bender a very weak slap.
Bender says: "Oh no, you didn't."
They fight. Fry gets up.
Fry says: "Stop."
Fry says: "Somewhere, some time, Leela's waiting for me."
Fry says: "We need to keep looking for a backwards time machine."
Farnsworth and Bender get up too.
Farnsworth says: "Fry is right."
Bender says: "Yes, we have to work together."
Bender says: "Not have this fight which I was definitely winning."
[Farnsworth stops the time machine. Its interface reads 3 December says: "05 pm."
1 says: "05 pm."
000 says: "05 pm."
000 says: "05 pm."
000 AD says: "05 pm."
8 says: "05 pm."
Farnsworth says: "The year one billion."
[Scene says: "Outside the time machine."
[Scene says: "They exit."
Farnsworth says: "I got a feeling this could be exactly the point in time we've been looking for."
Farnsworth says: "In fact, all life is extinct."
Bender laughs.
Fry says: "So let's keeping going forward."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, it's no use."
Farnsworth says: "Earth is dead."
Farnsworth says: "This is the end of all things."
Fry weeps. And begins to walk around alone in the desert. He sees a cave.
Fry says: "The Cavern on the Green."
[Scene says: "Cavern on the Green."
[Scene says: "It's just a cavern."
Fry says: "I made it, Leela."
Fry says: "Sorry, I'm a billion years late."
Fry notices some text written in the rock formations on the ground, starting with 'Dear Fry'.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "The year 3050."
[Scene says: "Planet Express is an even bigger company than before."
[Scene says: "Cubert is an old man who is playing with his yoyo."
[Scene says: "Enter an even older Leela who looks clearly annoyed."
Old Leela says: "You'll get your alimony cheque, Cubert."
Old Leela says: "Now get lost."
Old Cubert says: "Chill out, I'm just here to see Amy."
Enter Amy. Old Amy is just Amy's head on a robot.
Old Amy says: "Move it, boy-toy."
Old Amy says: "Granny's taking you to Atlantic City."
Leela is not amused. Amy hits Cubert on the butt as they leave. Enter Hermes' head in a jar hopping on a pogo-stick.
Old Hermes says: "I don't know why you ever married that pig-nose punk."
Old Leela says: "I don't know either."
Old Leela says: "I'm married to the job now."
Old Leela says: "How odd, it's one of those old record-your-own-message birthday cards."
She opens it, Fry is on screen.
Fry says: "My card!"
The video continues as it leaves the time machine. It hits Leela in the head. It ends.
Old Leela says: "My whole life I've been mad at him."
Old Leela says: "And it wasn't his fault."
[Scene says: "New New York: Street level."
[Scene says: "The year 3050."
[Scene says: "Old Leela is walking alone, depressed."
[Scene says: "She reaches the Cavern on the Green which has now been closed."
[Scene says: "She enters."
[Scene says: "Cavern on the green."
[Scene says: "The year 3050."
[Scene says: "It still has signs of having been a restaurant."
[Scene says: "Leela looks around the empty room."
[Scene says: "She begins to shoot up at the ceiling."
[Scene says: "Confident, she leaves."
[Scene says: "Time lapses as drops fall from the ceiling to create the rock formations on the ground that contains the message, 'Dear Fry, our time together was short, but it was the best time of my life."
[Scene says: "-Leela'."
[Scene says: "The lapse ends as Fry is standing there reading it in 1,000,000,000 A."
[Scene says: "D."
Leela says: "Dear Fry, our time together was short, but it was the best time of my life."
Fry sheds a tear.
[Scene says: "Outside the time machine."
[Scene says: "The year one billion."
[Scene says: "Fry is returning."
[Scene says: "Bender and Farnsworth are just hanging around."
Fry says: "You know, all in all, I had a good life."
Fry says: "What you say the three of us grab a six pack and watch the universe end?"
Farnsworth says: "Hear, hear!"
Bender says: "That's basically what I do every day."
He pulls out a six pack.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "They all open their beer cans and toast."
Fry says: "To the end of the universe."
He pulls the switch. The machine starts ticking. They sit down and wait. Outside the sun explodes and the Earth crumbles before them.
Fry says: "So long, Earth."
Fry says: "Thanks for the air and whatnot."
The sun vanishes into nothing and the universe behind is revealed. A set of white explosions occur. They gasp in awe.
Fry says: "Hey, uh, what was the purpose of life anyway?"
Farnsworth says: "Who knows?"
Farnsworth says: "Probably some hogwash about the human spirit."
Bender says: "Mm-hm."
Fry says: "Sounds about right."
Before them, the universe expands in size as the galaxies float away from one another making the universe darker and darker.
Farnsworth says: "The stars are receding."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, the vast emptiness."
He shakes his can at Bender.
Bender says: "Yeah, yeah, I can take a hint."
He takes Farnsworth's old can and gives him a new one. Farnsworth takes a sip.
Farnsworth says: "Ah, the last proton should be decaying about now."
The machine's indicator is ticking up from 1 × 1035 AD.
Fry says: "Bye, last proton."
[Scene says: "Outside the time machine."
Farnsworth says: "And..."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "here we are; the end of the universe."
The camera zooms out to reveal that there is literally nothing left. With the exception of the time machine, of course.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sits back down."
Fry says: "Well, now what?"
Fry says: "You guys wanna talk?"
Bender says: "No thanks."
Suddenly a giant explosion occurs in front of them. They gasp in shock and cover their eyes from the immense lighting.
Fry says: "Did anyone else see that?"
Farnsworth says: "Unbelievable."
Farnsworth says: "It's a second big bang."
Farnsworth says: "My God, is it possible?"
Fry says: "It must be possible."
Fry says: "It's happening."
Fry says: "By the way, what's happening?"
Farnsworth says: "It appears, this universe is exactly identical to the old one."
Farnsworth says: "If so, we just need to keep going forward in time to the point when we left."
Farnsworth says: "Ladies and gentlemen, the moon."
[Scene says: "Outside the time machine."
Fry says: "Look."
Fry says: "The first fish to crawl up on land."
A legged fish crawls up on land. Bender crushes it with his footcuff.
Bender says: "It was coming right at us."
[Scene says: "Time machine."
Bender says: "You saw it."
Fry says: "I'm gonna grab another beer."
He leans into Bender's chest cabinet.
Bender says: "Fry, Fry, you're missing the dinosaurs."
Fry says: "It's okay."
Fry says: "They're not going anywhere."
Fry says: "Where'd they go?"
[Montage says: "Outside the time machine."
[Montage says: "As time pass by, we see some cavemen getting hit by arrows in a rocky environment, some Indians enter in an area covered in plains, but are shot by Dutch settlers in a forest environment."
[Montage says: "Some redcoats enter and shoot the Dutchmen in an early populated environment."
[Montage says: "At last some American revolutionaries enter and shoot the redcoats."
[Scene says: "Time machine."
Bender says: "Now what's going on there?"
Fry says: "History."
Farnsworth says: "Hang on, I just want to make one stop."
He takes out a giant laser weapon and leaves the time machine.
[Scene says: "Nuremberg Rally."
[Scene says: "Hitler is addressing his supporters."
Hitler says: "Betrachten Sie meinen Schnurrbart."
He is hit by a laser and explodes.
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth reenters."
[Scene says: "And pulls the switch forward."
[Montage says: "Time lapse in front of them, when they first see the streets, some construction sites and buildings."
[Montage says: "Which are then destroyed by an alien invasion."
[Montage says: "The rubble decays and a mediaeval castle is build in its place."
[Montage says: "This too is destroyed by an alien invasion."
[Montage says: "New New York is then built, and the street they are standing on is closed as buildings on it decay."
[Montage says: "Instead, Planet Express is build around it and soon they are inside the conference room."
[Montage says: "We see Farnsworth talking about Vergon 6 as in "Love's Labours Lost in Space", Kif and Zapp talking to Leela and Amy as in "Amazon Women in the Mood", Fry and Steve Castle enter from "Future Stock", Fry and Zoidberg dancing from "A Taste of Freedom", Farnsworth being possessed by Yivo from The Beast with a Billion Backs and Leela getting herself smacked on the table from "Attack of the Killer App"."
Farnsworth says: "Easy."
Farnsworth says: "Easy."
Farnsworth says: "Taking her in for a landing."
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth is slowing pulling the switch to a halt."
Farnsworth says: "One year to go."
Farnsworth says: "Six months."
Fry says: "I'm almost there, Leela."
Farnsworth says: "One month."
Farnsworth says: "Thirty seconds and here we—"
Farnsworth falls over pulling down the switch and let it go forward in time at full speed.
Fry says: "Stop!"
Bender says: "Give me the keys, Magoo."
Bender stops the time machine.
[Cut to says: "Outside the time machine."
[Cut to says: "They are back in the year 10 000."
[Cut to says: "Fry is annoyed."
[Scene says: "Time machine."
Farnsworth says: "We'll have to bring her around again."
He pulls the leaver to full.
[Montage says: "Outside the ruins disappear into being covered in snow."
[Montage says: "Then the medieval castle."
[Montage says: "Then the water world with the merman."
[Montage says: "Then the giraffe castles."
[Montage says: "Then the diverged humans, first ruled by the pink ones and then the Dumblocks."
[Montage says: "Then the giant robots whose only wish is to destroy humanity."
[Montage says: "Then the world covered with grass and inhabited by women."
[Montage says: "Then the dead world as the sun explodes."
[Montage says: "Which vanishes, creating sparks as the universe thins out."
[Montage says: "Then the big bang reoccurs."
[Montage says: "The sun forms."
[Montage says: "The Earth is formed, it begins raining, the moon appears."
Farnsworth says: "Just slow it down, I'll shoot Hitler out the window."
Farnsworth says: "Careful."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "The year 3010."
[Scene says: "Bender, Fry and Farnsworth are gathered in front of the time machine."
New Farnsworth says: "We're going to test it by going forward in time one minute."
New Farnsworth says: "Get in."
New Fry says: "Okay, hurry, let's get it over with."
The time machine appears above them.
New Farnsworth says: "But, err, wha–?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh uh."
[Scene says: "Time machine."
[Scene says: "The original time machine."
Farnsworth says: "This new universe is about ten feet lower than our old one."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Conference room."
[Scene says: "The time machine crashes on the new versions of Bender, Fry and Farnsworth, killing them."
[Scene says: "The original ones leave."
Farnsworth says: "Pow."
Farnsworth says: "We took care of the time travel paradox."
They all cheer.
Fry says: "All right!"
Bender says: "Yabba dabba doo."
Fry looks at his watch.
Fry says: "Oh uh, I'm late for dinner with Leela."
He leaves.
[Scene says: "Cavern on the Green."
[Scene says: "Leela is waiting."
[Scene says: "The waiter comes over."
Waiter says: "Welcome to Cavern on the Green."
Waiter says: "May I offer you some meatloaf while you wait?"
Enter Fry. He is dressed fancy.
Fry says: "Sorry, I'm late."
Leela says: "Actually, you're on time."
Fry says: "Really?"
Leela says: "I have to admit, I was afraid you wouldn't make it."
Fry says: "That was the old Fry."
Fry says: "He's dead now."
[Scene says: "New New York Central Park: Bridge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela are standing on the bridge looking at the moon."
Fry says: "Happy birthday, Leela."
Fry says: "I got you a card, but I guess I kinda lost it."
Leela says: "That's okay."
Leela says: "I don't really like cards."
Leela says: "What I'll remember is our time together."
She leans closer. The wide shot reveals Bender digging a hole for the three bodies under the bridge.
Closing Credits.