Opening credits.
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the Planet Express building, dressed in Yuletide cheer with lights that spell out "Merry Xmas"."
Transition Announcer says: "It's "The Futurama Holiday Spectacular"!"
Transition Announcer says: "Brought to you by..."
The Gunderson's Unshelled Nuts logo appears on screen.
Transition Announcer says: "Gunderson's Unshelled Nuts!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express headquarters, attic."
[Scene says: "A palm tree is decked in its Xmas best, Leela is putting the finishing touches on the room with Xmas lights, Fry is shaking the presents, and Zoidberg is looking out the window."
[Scene says: "Amy comes in wearing a Santa hat with a plate of obvious product placement."
Amy Wong says: "Ah, the Xmas season."
Amy Wong says: "Who wants a delicious unshelled nut?"
Bender walks in dressed like a nutcracker and marching like a soldier.
Bender Bending Rodríguez says: "Ooh, I'll have one!"
Amy puts a nut in Bender's open mouth and Hermes lifts Bender's arm, which causes the nut to crack and Amy takes the inside and eats it.
Amy says: "Mmm..."
Amy says: ""It's NUTSO Good!"
Philip J. Fry says: "Oh."
Turanga Leela says: "What's wrong, Fry?"
Turanga Leela says: "Are you regretting another wasted year?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Fry says: "Somethin' about Xmas just doesn't feel like Christmas."
An alarm blares as Professor Farnsworth walks in.
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth says: "Santa's coming!"
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth says: "Initiate defenses!"
The building shields itself and Bender, Hermes and Zoidberg block the chimney.
[Scene says: "Exterior of building."
[Scene says: "The building continuously locks itself as Robot Santa flies around it in his sled."
Robot Santa says: "God rest ye, merry gentlemen..."
Robot Santa says: "in peace!"
Fry says: "Can someone please explain how you celebrate this crazy holiday?"
Fry says: "Preferably in song?"
Robot Santa comes down the chimney and flies into the room.
Robot Santa says: "It's the violentest season of the year."
Two Neptunian elves pour eggnog into a bottle.
Elf says: "Old Kringle-bot has come to spread some mugs of Xmas fear."
The bottle blows up.
When I cane you from the comfort of my sled.
Santa candy canes Fry, who sees spinning ornaments a la the cartoon bird gag.
Kevlar vests, asbestos stockings and a barrel.
It can be regifted straight to Santa's ass.
Farnsworth throws the fruitcake which seemingly destroys Robot Santa and a gingerbread house, but in the next shot, he's still alive.
The tinsel and the trappings are just icing on the missile.
The one thing that you need to make your Xmas day splendiferous.
Is a pine tree; a pine tree that's coniferous.
Planet Express crew says: "We have to have a pine tree as coniferous."
Robot Santa says: "You're welcome."
Robot Santa exits the room. Fry kicks Scruffy in an attempt to wake him up.
Fry says: "You know, Santa may have killed Scruffy, but he makes a good point."
Fry says: "What we need is an old-fashioned pine tree."
Farnsworth says: "Cram it, Virginia!"
Farnsworth says: "Pine trees have been extinct for over eight hundred years."
Leela says: "Professor, maybe there's some way to bring the pine trees back to life, like we did with the barking snakes."
Leela holds up a snake that barks like a dog.
Farnsworth says: "Pine trees aren't barking snakes."
Farnsworth says: "They won't just turn up in a salad at Olive Garden."
Farnsworth says: "But there is one hope, and, as usual, it's Norwegian!"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of Norwegian Alps."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies by them and lands on the ice and spins into the snow making another "successful" landing."
[Scene says: "The door opens and the crew exits the ship."
Farnsworth says: "Behold!"
Farnsworth says: "The Svalbard Global Seed Vault!"
Farnsworth says: "Since 2008, the vault has preserved seeds of every known plant species in case of extinction."
Hermes says: "And I brought a few seeds of my own."
A Norwegian man comes out of the vault doors with two barking snakes.
Norwegian seed guard says: "Halt!"
Norwegian seed guard says: "Wh-what's your business poky-pokin' about da seed vault, eh, guardian of mankind's precious botanical heritage dere?"
Farnsworth says: "We just wanna come in and rummage about a bit."
Norwegian seed guard says: "Oh."
Norwegian seed guard says: "So..."
Norwegian seed guard says: "okay."
Bender says: "Yo, ABBA, what's that next door?"
Zoom out to reveal another vault with the sign "Germ Warfare Repository" with a window that opens and shuts with the wind.
<poem>Norwegian seed guard says: "Oh, dat's da germ warfare repository."
Leela says: "It's so close!"
Leela says: "Is there any chance of cross-contamination?"
Norwegian seed guard says: "No."
[Scene says: "Interior of the vault."
[Scene says: "The seed man opens up a cooler with the label "Pinus xmas" on it and takes out a pine cone."
Norwegian seed guard says: "Now, your pine trees were all chopped down to make imirgincee toilet paper durin' th' fifty-year squirts."
Norwegian seed guard says: "Lucky da seeds have bin preserved here in da vault der."
Amy says: "What's that splork on them?"
Amy says: "It's not germs, is it?"
Norwegian seed guard says: "No."
[Scene says: "Exterior of the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "Fry is seen outside taking a pine seed and planting it."
Time passage fade.
The scene changes and the tree is almost fully grown and trimmed and a crowd of people look at it.
Fry says: "Now that's a tree worth chopping down."
Pan to Tinny Tim.
Tinny Tim says: "Indeed."
Tinny Tim says: "'Tis a loverly tree."
He gets run over by a Presidential limo. The window rolls down to reveal President Nixon's head admiring the tree.
Nixon says: "Araroo!"
[Scene says: "Interior of the car, Nixon is seen talking to Vice President Dick Cheney's head."
Nixon says: "That's what my poll numbers need: Happy voters enjoying some holiday cheer."
Cheney says: "As your Vice President, I order you to steal that tree."
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the White House."
[Scene says: "The tree's branched out and a bigger crowd is applauding Nixon and Cheney on the stage of the White House."
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans, welcome to the Annual White House Xmas Tree Lighting, brought to you by Gunderson's Nuts!"
Applause, a Secret Service man brings a case with a button in it, which Nixon's head pushes and lights up the tree to more applause and cheers. Suddenly, the tree grows bigger and bigger and everyone gasps.
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "Could the seed have been contaminated by a virus from the germ vault?"
Norwegian seed guard says: "Oh, yeh, I suppose."
Leela says: "Wait, this could be a good thing."
Leela says: "That weaponized virus made the sickly little tree grow big and strong."
The tree is now an adult and it shakes until all the pine cones fire to the ground like grenade bombs, and everyone runs away in fear. Suddenly, the pine cone bombings stop and more pine trees grow from the ground.
Leela says: "Wait, this could be a good thing."
Leela says: "Reforestation has begun."
The ground starts to shake.
Bender says: "Aw, jeez with this, hey?"
All the trees spontaneously grow and more trees sprout from the ground. The camera cuts to a shot of the Earth, which is still spinning in the wrong direction from the results of "That Darn Katz!". The continents become greener. The camera cuts back down to where we left the crew. The world is now teaming with wildlife.
Leela says: "Arguably, this could be a good thing."
Leela says: "The planet has returned to its primeval state."
Fry says: "Earth is just the way it was before the white man came!"
Farnsworth takes out a device that lights up to 10%.
Farnsworth says: "Good news!"
Farnsworth says: "All these pine trees are fighting global warming by producing oxygen."
Farnsworth says: "Happy now, Gore?"
Al Gore's head appears.
Gore says: "Yeah, but I'd be happier if I had a set of lungs."
Farnsworth checks the device again.
Farnsworth says: "Wait a second!"
Farnsworth says: "Oxygen levels are rising too rapidly!"
Farnsworth says: "10%..."
Farnsworth says: "20%..."
Farnsworth says: "60%!"
Gore says: "As long as it doesn't hit 70!"
Farnsworth says: "80%!"
Bender says: "Y'know, I don't recall having done anything for a while."
Bender says: "But I still feel like I deserve a smoke."
Bender says: "Hey, cool, the air's on fire."
Wide shot of the Earth, which burns to a crisp. Robot Santa flies past the charred planet.
Robot Santa says: "Ho ho ho!"
Robot Santa says: "Everyone's dead!"
Robot Santa says: "Stay tuned for another tale of holiday hilarity!"
Transition Announcer says: "Now, back to..."
Transition Announcer says: "..."
Transition Announcer says: "the Gunderson's Nuts Holiday Spectacular featuring Futurama!"
[Scene says: "Interior of the Planet Express meeting room."
[Scene says: "Leela, Bender, Fry, Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Amy, and Hermes are gathered around."
Farnsworth says: "Okay, crew."
Farnsworth says: "Xmas break is over."
Farnsworth says: "It's time to destroy these gifts we forgot to deliver."
Bender says: "Woah, woah, woah!"
Bender says: "How come we get off for every dumb human holiday but not for robot holidays?"
Leela says: "Oh, Lord, not Robanukah."
Bender says: "I'm talkin' about Robanukah, the holiest six and a half weeks in the robot calendar!"
Amy says: "Pfft!"
Amy says: "That's just a fake holiday you make up every year to get out of work."
Fry says: "Yeah, if it's real, how come there's no song that explains how you celebrate it?"
Bender says: "Because there is!"
Bender says: "Hit it!"
Farnsworth says: "Hit what?"
Bender says: "I've placed instruments under your seats."
Bender says: "Play 'em or I'll break 'em over your heads!"
Fry gets out a holophonor, Farnsworth a fiddle, and Zoidberg an accordion, and start playing klezmer music.
But its ancient sounding customs are exceptionally newish.
So take a hearty swallow from your robo-kiddish cup,.
Which will give me time to quickly make them up.
Amy burps after taking a sip of Roboschewitz wine, Hermes is seen spinning a dreidel that lands on gimmel.
Hermes says: "Do you spin a dreidel made from clay?"
Bender says: "Mine is called a droidel and it's rigged to make you pay."
The droidel flips over to shin and Bender takes all the coins and puts them in his cavity.
Amy says: "Do you eat these dummy tin-wrapped chocolate coins?"
Bender says: "Better!"
Bender says: "Shalom, Ruth and Esther!"
Ruth says: "Why with the music so loud?"
Esther says: "Would it kill him to turn up the heat a little in here?"
Bender says: "But by far the most important thing is oil."
Leela says: "To keep the lamp light burning or to help the latkes broil?"
Into this blessed pit so they can wrestle.
Is the oil in which the nasty fembots wrestle.
Bender says: "We shall now begin the traditional oil wrestling."
Bender says: "Will the referee bring out the ceremonial crudes of petroleum oil?"
Ruth says: "Not in the hair, please."
Ruth says: "I just had it did."
Bender squirts the oil on the wrestling fembots, but runs out.
Bender says: "Aw, no!"
Bender says: "These broads are s'posed to wrestle for six and a half weeks!"
Bender says: "But there's only enough petroleum oil for four and a half weeks!"
Esther says: "We're still gettin' paid, right?"
Bender says: "I told you it's an audition!"
Leela says: "Bender, four and a half weeks of oil wrestling sounds like plenty."
Bender says: "This isn't a lousy reform Robanukah!"
Bender says: "We need more petroleum oil!"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of a Mombil gas station."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship lands there."
[Cut to says: "Shot of service station, where the crew is hoping to get oil."
Hoschel says: "I got me some whale oil, some squirrel oil—"
Bender says: "Not kosher!"
Bender says: "It has to be petroleum oil!"
Bender says: "Do you not give a damn about the hallowed traditions of Robanukah?!"
Bender says: "!"
Hoschel says: "I reckon I do not."
Hoschel says: "Anyways, Earth done run out of petroleum oil."
The crew gasps as Gore's head makes his way between the throng.
Gore says: "I tried to warn you."
Gore says: "One unit of free limitless solar power please."
Hoschel steps out of the sun and Gore's head jar suddenly has a meter where his nameplate would usually be. He smiles when it reaches full power.
Hoschel says: "That'll be..."
Hoschel says: "I dunno..."
Hoschel says: "ten bucks?"
Gore says: "Um, can you make change for a Nobel Prize?"
[Scene says: "Interior shot of meeting room."
Bender says: "Aw, man!"
Bender says: "Can't we just make more petroleum oil?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid not, son."
Farnsworth says: "Petroleum only forms when organic matter is subjected to intense pressure for hundreds of millions of years."
Farnsworth's explanation is graphically represented by a giant human hand, possibly the hand of God, squeezing a tree, a human, and a brontosaurus into petroleum.
Fry says: "I can't wait that long!"
Fry says: "I've got ADD!"
Bender says: "This is so unfair!"
Ruth says: "I don't wrestle dry, Bender."
Ruth says: "I went to Vassar."
Bender says: "Professor, I want you to look these poor floozies in the eye and tell them their oil wrestling days are over."
Farnsworth looks at the two nasty fembots sadly over the sad music from "Rebirth". He finally gives in.
Farnsworth says: "I suppose there could be a minute quantity of petroleum left."
Farnsworth says: "But it would be insanely deep within the Earth, at pressures so dangerously high that—"
Bender says: "Let's go already!"
[Scene says: "Exterior shot of the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "The ship exits the building with a drill attached to it."
[Scene says: "It starts drilling right in the middle of a street."
Leela says: "Setting Bachman turners to overdrive."
Hermes says: "We're getting pretty deep."
Hermes says: "Look!"
Hermes says: "Mole coffins!"
[Cut to says: "An exterior shot of the ship."
[Cut to says: "We see other tunnels around them."
[Cut to says: "The ship tunnels into a tunnel, and suddenly in mid-air, crashes."
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "We tunneled into a tunnel!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the ship."
Zoidberg says: "What's that loud, boring sound you'll hear when I stop talking?"
Farnsworth says: "It's an albino humping worm!"
[Cut to says: "An exterior shot of the ship."
[Cut to says: "The worm is behind them."
[Cut to says: "Cut to: Inside the ship."
Fry says: "Why do they call it that?"
Farnsworth says: "Because it doesn't have any pigment."
[Cut to says: "An exterior shot of the ship."
[Cut to says: "The ship drills deeper."
Farnsworth says: "What's our depth, Captain?"
Leela says: "Forty kilometers."
Leela says: "Fifty!"
Bender says: "There must be petroleum oil down here somewhere."
Bender says: "Go deeper!"
Bender says: "Deeper!"
Farnsworth says: "No, Bender!"
Farnsworth says: "The ship can't withstand this much pressure!"
Farnsworth says: "Sometimes it falls apart just sitting in the hangar!"
Bender says: "Professor, I've never asked for anything before, but seeing those fembots glistening with oil means more to me than life itself."
Farnsworth says: "Brace yourselves, everyone!"
Everyone braces themselves. The ship goes deeper.
Leela says: "One hundred kilometers!"
Leela says: "Two hundred!"
Amy says: "I hate to complain about the heat, but the air conditioner is on fire!"
[Cut to says: "The air conditioner."
[Cut to says: "It is on fire."
Hermes says: "My ice cream manwich!"
[Cut to says: "Again, an exterior shot of the ship."
[Cut to says: "It is drilling deeper."
[Cut to says: "Cut to: Inside the ship."
[Cut to says: "It is breaking apart; parts of the ship become dented, and bolts fly out of them."
[Cut to says: "Amy and Zoidberg rush to the back; a piece of metal dents and shoots a bolt in front of Fry."
Leela says: "What the hell are we doing?"
Leela says: "We're all gonna die so this "junkyard Golem" can celebrate Robanukah."
Bender says: "You vile racist!"
Bender says: "Haven't my people suffered enough?"
Bender says: "Now keep drilling for that petroleum oil, you selfish cowards!"
Everybody else says: "Aah!"
Bender says: "Not my fault."
[Caption says: "500 million years later."
[Caption says: "Cut to: Exterior view of the ship; it is badly damaged."
[Caption says: "Cut to: Inside the ship."
[Caption says: "Bender does not seem to be suffering from lack of beer, even though he has been on for 500 million years."
Bender says: "I am so great!"
Bender says: "Bender is great!"
Bender says: "Bender, Bender, Bender--  They turned into petroleum oil!"
Bender says: "I thought they were selfish, yet in the end it turned out it was I who thought they were selfish!"
[Scene says: "Above the surface."
[Scene says: "Bender comes up, using his head as a drill."
[Scene says: "He is carrying a can full of petroleum oil."
Bender says: "Doo, doo-doo-doo, doo, doo-doo, doo, doo, doo-Doo, DOO!"
[Cut to says: "Inside the very damaged Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "There is a monkey skeleton near the surveillance tapes."
Bender says: "Hey, ladies, I found some..."
Bender says: "What the—"
Bender says: "?"
Bender says: "There was only enough petroleum for four and a half weeks of oil wrestling."
Bender says: "But it lasted 500 million years!"
Bender says: "It's a miracle!"
[Cut to says: "An exterior shot of the building."
[Cut to says: "Only the Planet Express building is left, except for a dried up river where the road should be."
[Cut to says: "The camera moves slowly away from the building."
Bender says: "Happy Robanukah, everyone!"
Bender says: "Coming up next, more thoughtful, interfaith hijinx!"
[Title says: "Enjoy Gunderson's Unshelled Nuts."
[Title says: "Except lot #34B."
Transition Announcer says: "And now, the unrelated conclusion."
A hover-taxi drives up to the Conrad apartment. The crew walk up to the door and ring the bell. Hermes and his family open the door. Overlapping greetings are heard.
Leela says: "LaBarbara, Hermes, happy Kwanzaa."
Leela says: "We brought a chocolate cake."
Leela says: "But now I'm worried that might be offensive in some way."
LaBarbara says: "Just sit down."
The bell rings again and Bubblegum is at the door.
<poem>Bubblegum says: "Happy Kwanzaa, brother men and sister men."
Hermes says: "Well, look at the cat the cat dragged in."
Bubblegum says: "Kwanzaa tradition encourages educational gifts."
Bubblegum says: "So I brought Dwight my book on Mathketball."
Dwight says: "Woah!"
Dwight says: "Let me see that."
Bubblegum says: "I'll sign it for you later."
Enter Barbados Slim.
Barbados says: "Mon, it's a cold one out there."
Hermes says: "Barbados Slim?"
LaBarbara says: "Come in, Barbados."
LaBarbara says: "Look at yourself, all throbbing and shirtless for the holiday."
LaBarbara says: "I hope you're ready to celebrate."
Barbados says: "All night long, woman."
Time Lapse. The guests are sitting at the table.
Hermes says: "I'm glad you all could be here with my family."
Hermes says: "Kwanzaa traditions are quite ancient, dating back over 1,000 years."
Fry says: "Woah!"
Zoidberg says: "If only someone could tell us more about these traditions."
Enter Kwanzaa-bot, bursting through the wall.
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Oh, yeah!"
Dwight says: "Hey, Kool-Aid's here."
LaBarbara says: "No, child."
LaBarbara says: "That's not a made-up character."
LaBarbara says: "It's Kwanzaa-bot."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "And I'm gonna tell you all how we celebrate Kwanzaa."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Zoidberg, lay down a beat."
Zoidberg says: "How about I just lay down?"
Hermes and LaBarbara provide backup on kalimba and drum respectively.
Kwanzaa-bot says: "The seven basic principles that go to make up Kwanzaa!"
So sit yo' asses down and have some knowledge dropped upons ya!
LaBarbara says: "Kujichagulia..."
Barbados says: "And umoja..."
Bubblegum says: "And umoja..."
Hermes says: "And the rest."
Planet Express crew says: "Now we get it!"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Sit back down!"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "There's gonna be a test."
My favorite's ujamaa.
Bubblegum says: "Cooperative economics."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Yo, boondocks, I'm talkin' here!"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Put away the comics!"
Ku'umba is another one, it stands for creativity.
Barbados says: "Like the ever-changing nature of my sexual proclivities."
Sumthin' 'bout a pine tree and a oil-wrestlin' dealy?
Farnsworth says: "That's from Xmas and Robanakuh, you plagiarizing lout!"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Yeah, I'm kinda losin' interest here."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "I'd best be rollin' out."
But before I go, the most important thing...
Dwight says: "What's that, Black Santa?"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "You need seven Kwanzaa candles that you light up every night."
But they best be made of beeswax or y'all might as well be white.
Planet Express crew says: "They must be made of beeswax or we might as well be white."
LaBarbara says: "Well, we got no beeswax candles, but these scented regular wax candles will do just fine."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Girl, those stink sticks are for single women who take baths."
Kwanzaa-bot says: "If your Kwanzaa candles ain't 100% beeswax, you bring shame on your people."
LaBarbara says: "Well, now that won't do."
LaBarbara says: "Husband, show a little ku'umba and fetch some beeswax before Kwanzaa ends."
Hermes says: "Sweet candelabra of La Habra, LaBarbara!"
Hermes says: "Isn't this the last night of Kwanzaa?"
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Who the hell knows?"
[Scene says: "Petunia's Self-Serve Bee Farm."
[Scene says: "Mine your own beeswax."
Hermes says: "Finally, a bee farm that's open late on Kwanzaa."
Hermes says: "Madam, I need beeswax."
Petunia says: "You sure you don't need a little honey, handsome?"
Petunia says: "Maybe a taste of sweet nectar straight from the hive?"
The crew exclaims in disgust.
Hermes says: "I just need some beeswax to make Kwanzaa candles."
Petunia says: "Well, that's too darn bad."
Petunia says: "There ain't no beeswax in the whole world."
Amy says: "Oh, no!"
Amy says: "This could be the year without a Kwanzaa, like every year before 1966."
Petunia says: "The bees are acting all crazy: like they've been drinking Tang and cough syrup, or as I call it, my Friday night."
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Farnsworth says: "It's Colony Collapse Syndrome."
Farnsworth says: "The bees are swarming with parasites."
Farnsworth says: "They're all dying."
Petunia says: "Yeah, but what a way to go."
Petunia says: ""Die young and leave a pretty corpse," that's what I say."
Bender says: "You should say someth'n' else."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "I know where we can get beeswax."
Fry says: "From those giant space bees that nearly killed us, and we swore we'd never go back there."
Farnsworth says: "Let's go back there!"
The ship is flying to the Space Bee Hive. Inside the ship, the crew are in space suits while the Professor is adjusting the headset. Bender is, once again, painted in yellow and black stripes.
Farnsworth says: "To communicate with the bees, we'll need to use these trans-bumbalators."
Farnsworth says: "Bender, say something in bee talk."
Bender buzzes while rocking back and forth.
Leela says: "I'm sorry, Bender."
Leela says: "What do you want me to put on the glass?"
Leela says: "Okay, if we survive."
The ship lands and the crew gets out.
Amy says: "Something's wrong."
Amy says: "It's way too quiet."
Fry says: "Like the deadly Prius."
Some Space Bees fly over.
Farnsworth says: "Ah, here they come."
Leela says: "They're in attack formation."
Leela says: "They're going to kill us!"
Leela says: "That was weird."
Leela says: "It's like the Jägermeister air show all over again."
They push forward.
Hermes says: "According to Google Hive, we're at the exact center of the honeycomb."
Hermes says: "Oh!"
Hermes says: "And there's a Jamba Juice point 2 miles that way."
Bender says: "Does that thing tell you where the Queen Bee is?"
Bender says: "The big, fat, ugly, compound-eyed, hairy-thoraxed..."
Hermes says: "What's with the kamikaz-bees?"
Queen says: "Man, my hive's been going buck-wild since these blood-ganking butt crabs moved in."
She shows them the crabs on her but. They groan in disgust.
Zoidberg says: "Been there, done that."
Farnsworth says: "They're all infected, just like the bees on Earth."
Queen says: "Brother-sucking parasites gone and disrupted our hivemind."
Queen says: "Now, instead of working in harmony, my bees just talk smack to each other."
Bee #1 says: "Are you all black with yellow stripes or yellow with black stripes?"
Bee #2 says: "Yellow with black stripes, man."
Bee #1 says: "Why don't you just move along?"
Bee #3 says: "Let me ask you something, you sting my wife?"
Bee #4 says: "What kind of buzzing question is that?"
Bee #4 says: "Where do you get the wings big enough to ask me that?"
Leela says: "Okay, gang."
Leela says: "We have plenty of beeswax."
Leela says: "Let's get back to the ship."
Hermes says: "No, we're not going anywhere."
Hermes says: "I can't abide all this bee-on-bee conflict."
Hermes says: "It's time to African-Americanize these honeybees."
Hermes says: "Listen up, bees."
Hermes says: "It's Kwanzaa, a time of Umoja."
Amy says: "It means unity."
Hermes says: "You have to learn to work together again."
Queen says: "The crazy tablecloth-man is right."
Queen says: "It's time to set aside our differences."
Bee #1 says: "Black stripe, yellow stripe."
Bee #1 says: "At the end o' day, we're just a couple of darn talking space bees."
Bee #3 says: "Hey, forget about it."
Bee #3 says: "Come here and give me a sting."
Farnsworth says: "Look, the spirit of Kwanzaa is killing the parasites."
Fry says: "Yuck, but yay!"
Queen says: "Thank you, my human brother."
Queen says: "Your message of unity has touched our souls."
Queen says: "We are once again of a single hive-mind."
The bees form up and advance on the crew.
Kwanzaa-bot says: "Oh, yeah."
Zoidberg says: "Hurray!"
Zoidberg says: "Kwanzaa-bot's here to save—"
Zoidberg says: "Aw, they killed him."
The bees close in as the scene fades to black.
Hermes says: "Joyous Kwanzaa, everybody."
The crew have been covered in wax and are being used as candles. A curtain falls as the audience cheers and Al Gore floats up.
Gore says: "Don't worry, the Futurama crew will be back next year, with all-new episodes featuring Bender, Leela and me, Al Gore, as Captain Lance Starman."
Gore says: "And from all of us here at Gunderson's Nuts, happy holidays."
Closing Credits.