[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Disclaimer: Any Resemblance To Actual Robots Would Be Really Cool."
[Scene says: "7^11."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Leela peruse the beer fridge."
Bender says: "Ah, beer!"
Bender says: "So many choices, and it makes so little difference."
Fry says: "How 'bout Löbrau?"
Fry says: "It has dots on it."
Bender says: "Overruled."
Bender says: "The choice of champions is Pabst Blue Robot!"
Fry says: "I can't drink that!"
Fry says: "The metal shavings make my throat bloody."
Bender makes a mocking baby-cry sound.
Bender says: "Baby wants a Zima!"
Leela says: "Hey, hey!"
Leela says: "We can all fight when we're drunk."
Leela says: "Now, listen, why don't we just brew our own beer?"
Bender says: "You can brew your own beer?"
Leela says: "Sure."
Leela says: "The kids at the orphanarium used to do it all the time."
Bender's head springs off.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Hermes, LaBarbara, Farnsworth, Cubert and Hermes' son Dwight are there."
[Scene says: "Dwight has dreads and wears a shirt patterned with the Jamaican flag."
Hermes says: "Cursed bacteria of Liberia."
Hermes says: "My own son, suspended from boarding school."
Dwight says: "It's not my fault, Dad."
Farnsworth says: "And you, Cubert!"
Farnsworth says: "I cloned you from one of my warts and I can send you straight back in there."
Cubert says: "Nuh-uh!"
Enter Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "What's going on?"
Zoidberg says: "Is this angry yelling or busted-hearing-aid yelling?"
Hermes says: "I'm afraid it's both."
Farnsworth says: "What?"
LaBarbara says: "Now hold on."
LaBarbara says: "Everyone, cool your daiquiris!"
LaBarbara says: "Let's give the little vermin a chance to explain themselves."
Dwight says: "It was self defence, Mom."
Dwight says: "Just look at this letter the principal sent."
Dwight says: "We were in science class and we had just finished building a miniature black hole."
Cubert says: "That was easy."
Bret Blob, a horrible gelatinous blob, scoffs.
Bret says: "Pretty scrawny black hole."
Bret says: "It must be hungry."
Cubert says: "Duh!"
Cubert says: "Black holes don't need food."
Bret says: "Neither do nerds!"
He picks up Cubert's and Dwight's lunch boxes and throws them in the black hole. The black hole disappears.
Dwight says: "My Manwich!"
Bret laughs.
Cubert says: "That's it, Bret."
Cubert says: "You've compressed our lunches to a singularity for the last time!"
Cubert says: "Salt him, Dwight!"
He and Dwight each pick up a jar of salt and shake them over Bret. He dissolves into a green puddle.
Bret says: "When I re-solidify, I'm gonna put you in a world of goop!"
Cubert and Dwight scream.
Cubert says: "See?"
Cubert says: "That bully started it."
Cubert says: "We couldn't fight back with brawn so we used our brains!"
Farnsworth says: "I've warned you not to use those things!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Leela begin brewing."
Leela says: "Let's see."
Leela says: "We've got our malt, our hops."
Leela says: "We just need a big disposable tub to mix it in."
Bender says: "Yo!"
He leans back so his chest cabinet is horizontal. Fry and Leela pour in the ingredients.
Leela says: "Now it needs to boil for a couple hours."
Bender hops onto the gas hob and turns it on. He whistles. Enter Farnsworth, Hermes, Dwight and Cubert. Dwight plays a handheld computer game.
Hermes says: "Dwight, you remember the crew."
Dwight says: "Eh."
Farnsworth says: "Crew, you remember Cubert?"
Farnsworth says: "Wonderful!"
Farnsworth says: "Then I'm sure you won't mind being their legal guardians for a month!"
He and Hermes run out.
Cubert says: "Well, well."
Cubert says: "..."
Cubert says: "idiot!"
Bender says: "We're making beer."
Bender says: "I'm the brewery."
Dwight says: "I heard alcohol makes you stupid."
Fry says: "No I'm..."
Fry says: "doesn't."
Leela says: "Actually, Dwight, you're right."
Leela says: "Alcohol is very, very bad..."
Leela says: "for children."
Leela says: "But once you turn 21 it becomes very, very good."
Leela says: "So scram!"
Dwight and Cubert walk out the room muttering.
Dwight says: "Aw, man!"
Cubert says: "I'm sick of this."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth fiddles with a machine."
Cubert says: "Hey, Dad."
Cubert says: "What useless contraption are you half-baking today?"
Farnsworth says: "Eh, wha?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
Farnsworth says: "This is my latest invention; a device that lets anyone sound exactly like me!"
Cubert speaks into it.
Cubert says: "Good news, everyone!"
Cubert says: "I'm a horse's butt!"
Farnsworth says: "I am?"
He shakes his fist and Cubert screams in Farnsworth's voice and runs away. Dwight looks at the machine.
Dwight says: "What's this devices marketability?"
Dwight says: "Who's the target consumer?"
Farnsworth says: "There is no target consumer!"
Farnsworth says: "Only targets."
Farnsworth says: "Targets that will tremble in fear as their new master hands down edicts in my glorious, booming voice!"
Farnsworth says: "Now quit pestering me, you scoundrels!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hermes' Office."
[Scene says: "Hermes stamps and sings."
Hermes says: "Stamp it, file it."
Hermes says: "Oh, yeah!"
Hermes says: "Send it overnight!"
Enter Cubert and Dwight. Dwight sees a pile of papers.
Dwight says: "Can I collate that?"
Hermes says: "No!"
Cubert says: "Can I shred these contracts?"
Hermes says: "No!"
Cubert shreds them anyway. Dwight picks something up.
Dwight says: "Wow!"
Dwight says: "A power-stamper!"
He turns it on and it stamps objects around the room, including Hermes' head.
Hermes says: "Now look at all the work I gotta do!"
Hermes says: "Ow!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Dwight and Cubert run out of Hermes' office, laughing."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Bender belches foam and Leela tastes it."
Leela says: "Mmm."
Leela says: "The ingredients are cooked."
Leela says: "And they've picked up some of your natural robot flavourings."
Leela says: "Time to add the yeast."
Fry takes Bender's antenna off and Leela puts a funnel in then tips the yeast in.
Bender says: "Yeast?"
Bender says: "You mean I'll have a lifeform growing inside me?"
Bender says: "It's so beautiful."
He blows his nose. Leela wrist machine rings and she presses a button.
Leela says: "Talk to me."
Farnsworth says: "This is Professor Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "I have an important delivery for you and your dumb crew."
Farnsworth says: "You must deliver a pizza to Dogdoo 8, a planet at the edge of the universe."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Balcony."
[Cut to says: "Dwight and Cubert sit with the machine that mimics Farnsworth's voice and Cubert talks through it to Leela."
Cubert says: "Sorry I can't come down to say goodbye, but I'm busy inventing useless junk."
He passes the machine to Dwight.
Dwight says: "And I smell bad."
They laugh.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The ship takes off."
Time Lapse. The ship lands a week later.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The crew emerge from the ship."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth and Hermes stand at the bottom of the steps with Cubert and Dwight."
[Cut to says: "Cubert plays on Dwight's game."
[Cut to says: "Leela takes it from him, squeezes it and breaks it."
Cubert says: "Hey!"
She grabs both of them by their shirts.
Leela says: "If you were my kids, you'd get quite a talking to..."
Leela says: "from your father..."
Leela says: "when he got home from the Senate."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, bother!"
Farnsworth says: "What have they done now?"
Bender rolls up his sleeves.
Bender says: "Those pork dumplings sent us on a fake pizza delivery."
Fry says: "The address was on Dogdoo 8 but the universe ends right after Dogdoo 7."
Hermes says: "Child man, is this true?"
Dwight says: "Yeah, but why are you mad at us?"
Dwight says: "Your dummy brigade wasted a week on an obviously fake mission."
Cubert says: "Plus, they're making bootleg beer inside company property!"
Bender says: "Lies!"
Bender says: "Lies and slander!"
He belches foam.
Farnsworth says: "Accusing gentle Bender of a misdeed?"
Farnsworth says: "That's the last straw!"
Farnsworth says: "You boys have been underfoot long enough!"
Hermes says: "You jerked the words right outta my mouth."
Hermes says: "We're their fathers and it's high times we acted like it."
Bender rubs his hands together with glee.
Bender says: "Ooh-hoo!"
Bender says: "Here comes violence!"
Hermes clears his throat.
Hermes says: "Get a job, you lazy kids!"
Dwight and Cubert gasp. Bender groans.
Bender says: "I guess if you want children beaten..."
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "you have to do it yourself."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "Dwight and Cubert have set up something and put a white sheet over it."
[Scene says: "They lead Farnsworth and Hermes to some chairs behind a red rope with a "VIP Section" sign hanging from it."
Cubert says: "Come on, Dad, shuffle faster!"
Dwight says: "You don't wanna miss the unveiling of our new company, do you?"
Hermes and Farnsworth sit down.
Hermes says: "Company?"
Hermes says: "How cute!"
Hermes says: "What will you be pedalling?"
Hermes says: "Lemonade?"
Hermes says: "Shoe shines?"
Hermes says: "Cootie insurance?"
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps they've constructed a teddy bear hospital!"
They laugh.
Cubert says: "Actually, we're starting a competing delivery company."
He pulls the sheet off to reveal a red "Awesome Express" logo. Hermes and Farnsworth look at each other and stand up.
Hermes says: "Welcome to the world of business!"
He and Farnsworth kick the logo.
Farnsworth says: "Who's going to use a delivery service with a kicked sign?"
Farnsworth says: "Nobody, that's who!"
Dwight says: "But we already have a client signed up."
Dwight says: "We're delivering the Daily Supernova."
[He holds up the newspaper with the headline "Space Monster To City says: "Grrrrr!"
[He holds up the newspaper with the headline "Space Monster To City says: ""."
[He holds up the newspaper with the headline "Space Monster To City says: "Beside it is a picture of a Godzilla-like creature."
[He holds up the newspaper with the headline "Space Monster To City says: "Hermes chuckles."
Hermes says: "So your delivery company is just a cute, harmless paper route?"
Farnsworth wipes his brow.
Farnsworth says: "Phew!"
Dwight says: "No!"
Dwight says: "It's a serious business."
Farnsworth says: "Yes it's a tremendous responsibility, alright!"
Farnsworth says: "What if a paper were to land in a puddle?"
Hermes says: "Civilisation as we know it might get splashed!"
He and Farnsworth laugh and ruffle their sons' hair.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Balcony."
[Scene says: "Cubert and Dwight have set up a new sign."
Dwight says: "Why do they always treat us like dumb kids?"
Dwight says: "We're practically old enough to find the Fox Network infantile!"
Cubert says: "We'll show 'em."
Cubert says: "All Awesome Express needs is a sturdy interstellar delivery craft."
Cubert says: "Voilà!"
Cubert says: "You got a quarter?"
Dwight pulls out a coin. Cubert rips out the ad and puts it in an envelope with the quarter and puts the envelope in the mailbox. It flies off down a message tube.
Dwight says: "Man, the ad said to allow four to six seconds for delivery."
Cubert snorts.
Cubert says: "More like seven!"
A mail tube shoots out of the box and knocks Cubert off his feet.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender sits on the couch."
[Scene says: "His casing has expanded."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry and Leela."
Bender says: "I'm really starting to swell up with beer."
Bender says: "I must look ridiculous."
Fry says: "No, you have a healthy glow."
Bender belches.
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "I just felt it ferment!"
Leela says: "Ooh!"
Leela says: "Let me feel."
Leela says: "Have you thought about what to name it?"
Bender says: "I was thinking "Benderbrau" if it's an ale, "Botweiser" if it's a lager."
Fry says: "I hope it's a lager so I can take it to a ball game."
Fry says: "Ooh, I felt that one!"
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "At the back of the building, Dwight and Cubert finish putting together their hovercraft."
[Scene says: "They wear spacesuits."
Cubert says: "Uh, there's a crack in the hull here."
Cubert says: "That could cause explosive decompression."
Dwight says: "Put a sticker on it."
He hands Cubert a "Mom's Moron Oil For Dumb Robots" sticker. Farnsworth and Hermes walk around the corner.
Hermes says: "Off on your first delivery, eh?"
Hermes says: "You be careful, my little tinkler."
Hermes says: "Remember we used to call you that, huh?"
Hermes says: "Tinkler?"
A Daily Supernova van pulls up. Sal throws out a bundle of papers.
Sal says: "Gets movin'!"
Sal says: "Those newspapers won'ts deliver themselveses!"
Sal says: "Only the Sunday edition can dos that."
He drives off.
Farnsworth says: "Goodness, there must be 50 papers in that bundle!"
Farnsworth says: "That's a big number, 50."
Cubert says: "Yeah, if you're an idiot!"
He and Dwight climb into the hovercraft.
Dwight says: "Three, two, one."
Cubert says: "All systems go."
Dwight says: "Blast-off!"
The pedal-powered craft takes off.
Hermes says: "See you at din-din!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm blowing you a kiss."
He blows it and Cubert screams.
Cubert says: "Take evasive action!"
He and Dwight pedal around the sky.
Farnsworth says: "It's closing in!"
Farnsworth says: "You can't avoid it!"
Farnsworth says: "It's a cheek-seeker."
Farnsworth says: "And..."
Farnsworth says: "gotcha!"
Cubert says: "Nooo!"
He spits.
[Montage says: "Dwight and Cubert fly their hovercraft through the Maple Craters space-neighbourhood."
[Montage says: "They throw a paper to a woman, then they are chased by a dog, which is then eaten by the worm from The Empire Strikes Back."
[Montage says: "Back on Earth Sal delivers more papers to them."
[Montage says: "At Maple Craters they pass Bret Blob's house."
[Montage says: "He throws slime at them and it hits their hovercraft."
[Montage says: "Cubert hands a paper to Dwight and he throws it through the Blobs' window."
[Montage says: "Cubert and Dwight laugh."
[Montage says: "Sal delivers even more papers."
[Montage says: "They are presented an award at the "Paperboys Of The Week" ceremony."
[Montage says: "Their photo makes the front page of the Daily Supernova with the headline "Paperboys Win Award On Slow News Day"."
[Montage says: "They throw the last paper to the last house and fly back to Earth."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit at the table where Bender knits a beer bottle cover."
Hermes says: "Business is down, so I filed papers to have you all reclassified as slaves."
Enter Dwight and Cubert with a wheelbarrow with a big lump in it covered by a sheet.
Farnsworth says: "Well, well."
Farnsworth says: "If it isn't our little munchkin moguls!"
He tickles them.
Hermes says: "What's the trouble, men?"
Hermes says: "Need some penny rolls for your profits?"
Cubert says: "Actually, thanks to Dwight's brilliant accounting and my unaccountable brilliance..."
Cubert says: "..."
Cubert says: "our paper route now has over a million customers!"
He pulls the sheet off the wheelbarrow, revealing the lump to be a huge pile of money. Hermes and Farnsworth stare at it, dumbstruck.
Dwight says: "We're finally making more money than you guys!"
Dwight says: "Aren't you impressed now, Pops?"
Dwight says: "Aren'tcha?"
Dwight says: "Aren'tcha?"
Hermes says: "Uh, in a small way, yes."
Hermes says: "But you still don't have your own building or conference table or..."
Hermes says: "or one of those things!"
He points at Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Hello!"
He waves.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Balcony."
[Scene says: "Dwight and Cubert lean against the wall with their wheelbarrow."
Dwight says: "Our dads are never impressed, no matter what we do."
Cubert says: "Maybe we should start a fire."
Dwight says: "If we really wanna impress them we'll have to crush them with strategy..."
Dwight says: "Dwight Lightning!"
He pulls out a pad with "Dwight Lightning" written on the front.
Cubert says: "Very well."
Cubert says: "But I get to name the next strategy."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry and Bender sit watching the TV."
Announcer says: "This week on The Real World: The Sun."
A man screams.
Man says: "I'm burning to death!"
Leela scoffs.
Leela says: "You know how much an apartment that big would cost on the Sun?"
Fry turns the TV off. Enter Farnsworth and Hermes.
Hermes says: "People, as you know, our young sons have become great successes in the very same field as us."
Bender says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "That's great!"
Leela says: "That's good!"
Hermes says: "Naturally, we're humiliated."
Farnsworth says: "That's why we need you, our loyal crew, to make Planet Express 800% more profitable."
Hermes sets up a chart.
Hermes says: "We'll start by slashing salaries, and this time I mean really slashing."
Leela says: "Uh, guys, I don't know how to tell you this, so I'll just let Fry blurt it out thoughtlessly."
Fry says: "We don't work for you anymore!"
Hermes gasps.
Farnsworth says: "What?"
Leela says: "Dwight and Cubert made us a better offer."
Leela says: "We're paperboys now."
Enter Cubert and Dwight.
Cubert says: "Incoming!"
Cubert says: "We got papers to stuff, team!"
Cubert says: "Hup two, hup two!"
The staff get up.
Fry says: "Yes, sir."
Bender says: "Right away!"
Leela says: "We're on it, Mr."
Leela says: "Farnsworth."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Hermes address the remaining staff."
Farnsworth says: "Folks, the situation is grim but we shall prevail, thanks to you, our crack team of loyal dregs!"
Scruffy sits with his feet on the table, Amy puts make up on and Zoidberg sits listening intently. Hermes points at Scruffy.
Hermes says: "I don't even know who this guy is!"
Scruffy says: "I'm Scruffy, the janitor."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, of course you are."
Farnsworth says: "Now we've got to buckle down and save Planet Express."
Scruffy says: "I'm on break."
He picks up a bag of potato chips and slowly munches them.
The Awesome Express crew walk in.
Cubert says: "Sorry to interrupt this whirlwind of activity but we have an announcement."
Dwight says: "I direct your attention to these forms, which I'm presently engaged in handing to you."
Hermes takes the forms and reads them.
Hermes says: "Sweet guinea pig of Winnipeg!"
Hermes says: "They've taken over our company!"
Farnsworth says: "Balderdash!"
Farnsworth says: "I never agreed to that!"
Dwight says: "No."
Dwight says: "But you did declare yourself dead three years ago as a tax dodge."
Farnsworth says: "Tax dodge, nothing!"
Farnsworth says: "You take one nap in a ditch at the park and they start declaring you this and that."
Cubert says: "Either way, I technically inherit your building and your spaceship, which means Planet Express is now..."
Cubert says: "..."
Cubert says: "Awesome Express!"
Hermes and Farnsworth gasp.
Hermes says: "Will you be hiring?"
Dwight says: "No."
Hermes says: "You rotten kids!"
[Scene says: "Awesome Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Leela sprays the ship red and Bender and Fry load the papers onto the cargo bay lift."
Fry says: "There."
Fry says: "One million papers, folded and loaded!"
Cubert jet-packs up to Leela, holding something.
Cubert says: "Hey, Leela, help me apply these flame decals I got in my cereal."
Cubert says: "They'll make the ship go faster."
Leela says: "And what's your scientific basis for thinking that?"
Cubert says: "I'm 12."
[Scene says: "Outside Awesome Express."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Farnsworth cross the street, carrying boxes of their stuff."
[Scene says: "The ship blasts off and they watch."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, did I ever tell you how I used to own that ship?"
They walk away.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "They pass a dumpster."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg pops out of it and watches Farnsworth and Hermes."
Zoidberg says: "There but for the grace of God."
He dives back in and gobbles scraps.
[Scene says: "Awesome Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the couch watching All My Circuits."
[Scene says: "Bender sings to his bump to the tune of the Mockingbird Song."
Don't you leak,.
Daddy wants to drink for at least a week.
He rumbles. talking Oh, my God! I think it's time!
Leela runs in.
Fry says: "Hurry, Leela!"
Fry says: "Get some coasters and cold mugs."
[Scene says: "Awesome Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Bender lies on the table with his head on Leela's lap."
[Scene says: "Fry puts the beer in bottles and Bender cries in pain."
Fry says: "Push, Bender, push!"
Leela says: "You're doing great!"
Bender cries again.
Bender says: "It feels like I'm trying to push a water bed outta me."
Fry says: "Almost there."
Fry says: "Just two more bottles."
Bender says: "Is it OK?"
Bender says: "I can't hear anything."
The last of the beer drains from Bender. Fry holds a bottle up.
Fry says: "It's an ale!"
Fry says: "Five gallons, six ounces!"
He slaps a "Benderbrau" label on the bottle and hands the crate of beer to Bender who hugs it. Enter Dwight and Cubert.
Dwight says: "Hey, what's goin' on?"
Dwight says: "This is a delivery company not a delivery room!"
Cubert says: "We just busted our bums delivering a million papers and this is how you greet us, with a bunch of frosty, cold beers?"
Fry says: "Hey, wait a second."
Fry says: "How did you deliver a million papers in one hour?"
Cubert says: "Uh..."
Cubert says: "we just did, OK?"
Cubert says: "'Cause we're awesome!"
Cubert says: "Yeah!"
Cubert says: "Awesome."
Dwight says: "Yeah, awesome!"
The phone rings and Leela answers.
Leela says: "Hello, Awesome Express; the rude, crude delivery dudes."
Leela says: "How may I direct your call?"
Leela says: "What's that?"
Leela says: "You haven't gotten your paper?"
Leela says: "In how long?"
Five other phones ring. Dwight and Cubert act nervously.
[Scene says: "The Conrads' Dining Room."
[Scene says: "LaBarbara, Hermes and Farnsworth sit at the table eating."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth holds up his empty plate."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, might a homeless old man have a touch more beef bourguignon?"
Farnsworth says: "And another tequila slammer?"
Farnsworth says: "Please?"
LaBarbara says: "Don't you sweet talk me, you wrinkly, old tube sack!"
Hermes holds up his glass.
Hermes says: "Might I have one too, wife?"
LaBarbara says: "Oh, you're both pathetic, being jealous of your own offspring."
LaBarbara says: "Now you should be happy they became successes, instead of following in your foot stamps."
Hermes says: "Oh, it's true."
Hermes says: "But they grow up so fast."
Hermes says: "We just wanted a few more years of being better than them."
Farnsworth says: "They're so stinking talented, they don't even need their fathers anymore."
He and Hermes hug and cry. Cubert and Dwight run in.
Cubert says: "Dad!"
Cubert says: "We screwed up!"
Farnsworth says: "You did?"
Farnsworth says: "Tough luck, suckers!"
Dwight says: "Please, help us, Pops."
Dwight says: "We agreed to deliver way more papers than we can handle."
Cubert says: "But we couldn't handle them, so we started dumping the extras in a crater on the Moon."
He cries more.
Dwight says: "And now everyone's yelling at us about our missing papers!"
Cubert says: "And we don't know what to do!"
Hermes and Farnsworth laugh then sigh. They put their sons on their laps.
Farnsworth says: "Why did you boys do all this?"
Dwight says: "We just wanted you to be proud of us."
Hermes says: "Proud of you?"
Hermes says: "You ruined us with sleazy business practices and a complete disregard for human decency."
Hermes says: "Of course we're proud of you!"
Farnsworth says: "Damn right we are!"
Farnsworth says: "Now come on, let's go do a little father-son weaselling out of this."
[Scene says: "The newly-repainted Planet Express ship flies away from Earth and hovers over a crater on the Moon."
Farnsworth says: "Good thing I had this net installed for catching giraffes."
The cargo bay hatch opens and a net comes out and wraps around the papers. It hoists them out of the crater and the ship flies off.
[Scene says: "Maple Craters."
[Scene says: "The port torpedo hatch opens and a gun pops out."
[Cut to says: "Ships Torpedo Room."
[Cut to says: "Hermes sits behind the gun with the papers scattered around the room."
Hermes says: "OK, boys, let me show you how a paper man does it."
He grabs the gun and shoots the papers to the houses.
[Cut to says: "Maple Craters."
[Cut to says: "Papers hit doors, cars and one hits the Little Prince from the novel of the same name."
[Cut to says: "He tumbles away into the void of space."
Little Prince says: "Au revoir!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Torpedo Room."
Dwight says: "Can I use the gun, Dad?"
Hermes says: "Aw, what kind of father would I be if I said no?"
He lifts Dwight into the chair.
[Cut to says: "Maple Craters."
[Cut to says: "Dwight fires the papers to the houses."
[Cut to says: "Ships Torpedo Room."
Dwight says: "Only one house to go."
Dwight says: "We did it!"
Dwight says: "Run away!"
Dwight says: "That bully, Bret Blob, lives there!"
Cubert says: "He's ugly mean stupid stink mucus!"
Cubert says: "And last week we sort of..."
Cubert says: "broke his window."
Hermes says: "Alright, alright."
Hermes says: "What do we do when we break somebody's window?"
Dwight says: "Pay for it?"
Hermes laughs.
Hermes says: "Oh, heavens, no!"
Hermes says: "We apologise, with nice, cheap words!"
[Scene says: "Outside Blob House."
[Scene says: "Hermes rings the doorbell and Bret answers."
Bret says: "I thought I heard the doorbell but I see it was the dorkbell!"
He laughs. Cubert and Dwight laugh nervously.
Dwight says: "Man, you're funny."
Dwight says: "Good one, Bret."
Farnsworth says: "Now, now, no need to give us the business."
Farnsworth says: "We'd like a word with you daddy."
Bret says: "Whatever."
Bret says: "Dad!"
Hermes says: "Don't worry, boys."
Hermes says: "I'm sure his father is a perfectly normal, reasonable man."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob comes out of the door with his tentacles waving.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "What the hell do you want?"
Farnsworth says: "Mr."
Farnsworth says: "Blob, our sons have come to apologise for damaging your window."
Farnsworth says: "They've learned their lesson and they want to make amends."
Cubert says: "Sorry, sir."
Dwight says: "Yeah, sorry."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "You can shove your apology into the bottom of your one-way digestive system."
Farnsworth says: "Now see here."
Farnsworth says: "We assured our sons that you'd accept their apology."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "Aww."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "Tell you what, I'll accept their apology when they kiss my ass!"
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "Which I don't have!"
He laughs. Farnsworth and Hermes move their sons aside.
Farnsworth says: "No one gives my boy that option!"
He and Hermes roll up their sleeves.
Hermes says: "Bring it on, Jello-pop!"
Cubert says: "Yeah, get him, Dad!"
Dwight says: "Show 'em who's boss!"
Dwight says: "Get 'em..."
Dwight says: "Pops!"
Cubert says: "Right."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob swallows Hermes and Farnsworth.
[Scene says: "Taco Bellevue Hospital."
[Scene says: "A sign outside advertises "Urine Samples, Now In Collectible NASCAR Cups"."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Hermes lie in traction, wrapped in body casts."
Cubert says: "That was incredible!"
Cubert says: "You are the bravest dads in the entire trauma centre!"
Dwight says: "You guys almost had him..."
Dwight says: "until he digested you."
Hermes says: "Oh, you're good kids."
Hermes says: "I was wrong!"
Hermes says: "I can still feel pain!"
Horrible Gelatinous Blob knocks on the door and pushes Bret in. He carries flowers. Hermes screams.
Farnsworth says: "He's come to finish the job!"
Farnsworth says: "Someone toss me out the window!"
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "No, no, wait."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "I-I feel terrible about what happened."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "I-I've just been under a lot of stress lately down at the plant, y'know."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "They're-They're bringing in computers to "improve productivity" and, well, that's no excuse for how I acted."
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "But the boy needs to see that real men solve their disagreements with words, not violence, so, uh, if you'll accept my apology, well, I hope we can put this embarrassing incident behind us."
Farnsworth says: "I suppose."
Enter Bender with a crate of Benderbrau.
Bender says: "Hey, chumps, I heard you were on the ass-end of an ass-kicking so I figured you could use a couple these little babies."
He hands Farnsworth and Hermes a bottle each.
Hermes says: "Oh, why not?"
Hermes says: "Might as well live it up as long as I've got this catheter in me!"
Farnsworth says: "Won't you join us, Mr."
Farnsworth says: "Blob?"
Horrible Gelatinous Blob says: "Sounds like a plan!"
Bender hands him a bottle.
Hermes says: "This is what makes life worth clinging to; three fathers enjoying a day out with their sons."
Hermes, Farnsworth, Bender and Horrible Gelatinous Blob clink their bottles.
Farnsworth says: "It would seem we've taught our boys a lesson about life: Man or Blob, it's what's inside that counts."
They drink the beer and Cubert and Dwight struggle and whimper. Bret has eaten them.
Closing Credits.