[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, day."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela, Zoidberg, Hermes, Amy, and Bender are sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth approaches them with a package in his hands."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Who likes good news?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Then good news, everyone!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Our next delivery isn't to some dangerous, outer-space planet."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's to Earth!"
Fry says: "Earth is dangerous."
Fry says: "I fell off my chair there once."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Quit it, Earth."
Leela stands up and grabs the package.
Leela says: "We won't even have to leave New New York!"
Leela says: "The package is going to Long Long Island."
Professor Farnsworth removes the package from Leela's hands.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Yes, to the lavish Mafia-style villa of the Donbot."
Bender says: "The Donbot?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "It looks like a pair of clamps!"
[Cut to says: "Rusty clamp."
[Cut to says: "It clamps twice."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing it to belong to Clamps."
[Cut to says: "The Masked Unit, Calculon, and two other Robots are present as well."
Clamps says: "When are those new clamps gonna get here?"
Clamps says: "These are all rusted-out with snitch juice!"
Clamps looks at a second clamp, which, too, is rusty, and it also clamps. He is sitting at a white chair in a Mafia-style villa, in front of a red house. Several Humans and Robots, such as the Robot Devil, Humorbot 5.0, Mayor Poopenmeyer, Fanny, Calculon, the Donbot, and Joey Mousepad, are there as well.
Donbot says: "Patience, Clamps."
Donbot says: "You don't want the Space Pope to see a clampin' now, do ya?"
Clamps says: "Aw, jeez."
Clamps says: "I forgot my Pope manners."
Clamps looks sorry and crosses himself twice.
[Scene says: "Long Long Island garden."
[Scene says: "The Space Pope, the Donbot's eldest daughter, and her fiancé are standing on an altar in front of a group of guests including the people seen earlier."
[Scene says: "Behind them are fourteen wedding tables and the red house."
[Scene says: "A cello Robot is playing itself."
Time lapse. Three other fembots and three other manbots are now standing on the altar too.
Space Pope says: "Dearly beloved,  it is with great speed that I now pronounce you husband and wife."
The Donbot's eldest daughter and her husband kiss. The cello Robot is playing itself next to three violin Robots, which are identical to each other, and they are also playing themselves. A strong wind attacks the guests, among whom Glab is now shown, and causes the Space Pope to lose his hat. The people gasp. The wind is being made by the landing Planet Express ship.
Donbot says: "What the—"
[Scene says: "Long Long Island parking lot."
[Scene says: "Joey Mousepad opens the gate to Leela, Bender, and Fry."
[Scene says: "Leela is holding the RUSH package."
Joey Mousepad says: "May I help you with some assistance?"
Leela says: "Delivery for..."
Leela says: "Francis X."
Leela says: "Clampazzo?"
Joey Mousepad says: "We don't got nobody here by that alias."
Joey Mousepad shrugs.
Clamps says: "Are those my new clamps?"
Joey Mousepad says: "Your name's Francis?"
Joey Mousepad laughs. Leela grabs a pad sustained by the package and hands it to Joey Mousepad. Joey Mousepad signs the delivery. Bender is peeking out at the garden through the gate.
Bender says: "Guys, look."
Bender says: "It's Calculon."
Bender says: "And the Robot Devil!"
Bender says: "What's not to sneak into?"
Now holding the package, Joey Mousepad closes the gate and leaves. Leela turns to Bender, looking disapprovingly at him.
Leela says: "Bender, you can't crash a mob wedding."
Bender says: "You forget, Leela, I'm Bender, owner of disguise."
[Scene says: "Long Long Island garden."
[Scene says: "The guests are sitting at the wedding tables."
[Scene says: "The Space Pope, Calculon, the Donbot's eldest daughter, her husband, two other Aliens, and two other Robots are standing up."
[Scene says: "All are looking at the Space Pope, who is holding a microphone."
Space Pope says: "And now, ladies and gentlemen, my good friend..."
Space Pope says: "Calculon!"
The Space Pope hands Calculon the microphone and leaves. A beat starts playing.
Calculon says: "Hey, this one's for the new couple."
Calculon says: "Calculon!"
[Cut to says: "In front of the red house."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks by the tables wearing a jogging suit and gold chains with his antenna slicked back and points at the guests, among whom Billionaire Bot is now shown, randomly."
Bender says: "Ay!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Piscopo!"
Bender says: "Hey, sexy."
Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Bender says: "What brings you to this tacky soirée?"
Donbot's eldest daughter says: "I'm the bride!"
Bender says: "Oops."
Bender says: "How 'bout you, baby?"
Bender says: "Wanna do it?"
Fanny turns around as the camera zooms out, revealing that she is dancing with the Donbot.
Fanny says: "Bender, it's me, Fanny!"
Bender says: "You who?"
Fanny says: "The Donbot's wife?"
Fanny says: "We had an affair?"
Bender says: "An affair, huh?"
Bender says: "Sounds like me."
Bender says: "Jeez, I'd better be a little more careful."
Bender says: "I don't wanna hit on anybody I already had sex with."
A ringing sound gets Bender's attention. It is caused by the collision between the bell-shaped dress of one of the fembots from the altar and her legs. The camera zooms out as the fembot passes by Fanny and the Donbot.
Fanny says: "Hiya, Bella!"
Bella waves.
Bella says: "Hi, Mom!"
Bella runs into Bender.
Bender says: "What about you?"
Bender says: "You're my third choice."
Bella giggles and, as she nudges towards Bender, makes a deeper ringing sound.
[Scene says: "Outside the Long Long Island garden."
[Scene says: "The camera pans over to a barn labelled STABLES."
[Scene says: "A continuous ringing sound is coming from it."
[Cut to says: "Inside a closet in the Staples barn."
[Cut to says: "Bender is now stripped of his jogging suit and chains."
[Cut to says: "He and Bella are making love."
Bella says: "Oh, Bender!"
Bella says: "This is all happening too slowly."
Bella says: "Let's get married!"
Bender says: "Quiet!"
Bender says: "I'm makin' out with a floozy!"
Bender says: "Hold your clapper."
Bender says: "Someone's comin'!"
[Cut to says: "Outside the closet."
[Cut to says: "There is a sign reading SEA OATS."
[Cut to says: "Bender peers from the door and sees Calculon being carried off by Clamps and Joey Mousepad."
[Cut to says: "The Donbot follows them with the RUSH package in his hands."
[Cut to says: "They stop under a sign reading DO NOT PUT SEAHORSES AWAY DRY."
[Cut to says: "Clamps and Joey Mousepad push Calculon away."
[Cut to says: "Calculon grunts."
Calculon says: "Donbot, please."
Calculon says: "I'll pay you back as soon as you lend me some more money."
Donbot says: "Sorry, Calculon."
Donbot says: "It gives me no joy to do this..."
Donbot says: "Because Clamps will be doin' it."
Donbot says: "Clamps, here are your new clamps."
Clamps lifts up his clamps, revealing that they are old and rusty.
Clamps says: "Clamps!"
Clamps accepts his new clamps, replaces his old ones with them off camera, takes them for a spin, and looks at Calculon. Calculon cowers away.
Calculon says: "No."
Calculon says: "No!"
Calculon says: "No!"
Bella leans in.
Bella says: "Yeah, Daddy hates welchers."
Bella says: "The only thing he hates worse is witnesses..."
Bella says: "And guys who mess around with his daughters..."
[Cut to says: "Inside the closet."
[Cut to says: "Bender looks even more horrified and trembles."
Bella says: "And attempt to duplicate his meatball recipe."
Bender opens his chest cabinet and takes out a pan of steaming hot meatballs, looking yet even more horrified. musical sting.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters, afternoon."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks around the room in stress."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela, and Amy are sitting at the table and having lunch."
Leela says: "How was the wedding, Bender?"
Bender says: "Says who?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "I didn't witness anything!"
Morbo says: "In entertainment news, two-time Oscar-pool winner Calculon was brutally clamped yesterday by an unknown assailant."
Bender looks to his right. The television is showing Morbo host Channel v2 News. There is a photograph of Calculon hospitalised in the upper right corner. The television zooms in on it.
Amy says: "Poor Calculon."
Bender shivers.
Bender says: "I'm scared and great at sex!"
Leela walks up to the couch.
Leela says: "Bender, you need to go to the police and tell them a tastefully edited version of what you just said."
Bender uncovers his eyes.
Bender says: "What, and have the Mafia come after me too?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "This secret goes to my grave!"
Male voice says: "The Bureau is offering anyone with information about this gangland-style clamping a fifty-dollar reward."
Bender looks to his right. The television is showing a manbot who is wearing a fedora and a coat speak into three microphones in front of a building. The male voice is his.
[Scene says: "The building in front of which the manbot was speaking."
[Scene says: "Above the windows, a sign reads EARTH BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION."
[Scene says: "Below the tympanum, another sign reads J."
[Scene says: "EDGAR WINTER BUILDING."
[Scene says: "Two NNYPD hovercars are parked nearby."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "And—"
Bender says: "And then Calculon said, "No."
Bender says: "No!"
[Cut to says: "Inside an office."
[Cut to says: "The glass in the door reads AGENT ROBOT STACK backwards."
[Cut to says: "The walls display a bulletin board, a coat hanger, and frames containing medals and diplomas."
[Cut to says: "A file folder is on top of a filing cabinet with three drawers."
[Cut to says: "The manbot, presumably named Robot Stack, is sitting at a desk, on which there is a voice recorder."
[Cut to says: "Bender is in front of him, also sitting at the desk."
Bender says: "Can I have my fifty bucks now?"
Robot Stack says: "I enjoyed your story."
Robot Stack says: "But it's not enough to convict the Donbot."
Robot Stack says: "You'll have to testify..."
Robot Stack says: "In open court."
Robot Stack approaches Bender.
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Can I have another fifty dollars?"
Robot Stack says: "No."
Bender says: "No?"
Robot Stack says: "No!"
Bender says: "No!"
[Scene says: "Outside a courthouse, day."
[Scene says: "Below the tympanum, a sign reads BATTERY PARK INTEGRATED CIRCUIT COURT."
[Scene says: "A woman, Bender, a man, Gearshift, Boxy, and Monique head towards the door."
[Cut to says: "Inside a courtroom."
[Cut to says: "The bailiff is standing up."
[Cut to says: "At one desk are the Donbot and another manbot."
[Cut to says: "At another desk is the Hyper-Chicken."
[Cut to says: "Watching are, among others, Gearshift, the Donbot's eldest daughter, her husband, Bella, Fanny, Monique, Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Leela, Amy, and Zoidberg."
[Cut to says: "The jury consists of, among others, Humorbot 5."
[Cut to says: "0, the Masked Unit, and Boxy."
[Cut to says: "A male, Robot judge with the number 723 on his chest enters."
Bailiff says: "All rise for the honourable Judge 723."
All rise. Judge 723 arrives at his table and bangs his gavel three times.
Judge 723 says: "Be seated."
Judge 723 says: "Organised crime is a plague on our society and I will not tolerate any form of intimidation during—"
Judge 723 is shot in the head and falls down. An identical judge with the number 724 on his chest enters.
Bailiff says: "All rise for the honourable Judge 724."
All rise. Judge 724 arrives at his table.
Judge 724 says: "Good day."
Judge 724 says: "I'd like to say I'm prepared to tolerate several, if not all, forms of intimidation during this trial."
Judge 724 says: "Prosecutor?"
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, the prosecution pecks for a mistrial on the grounds of jury tamperin'!"
The Hyper-Chicken rises and Leela, Fry, and an old man look at him. He then points at the jury and Leela, Hermes, Fry, and others look at them. Joey Mousepad has opened the top of Fat-bot's head and is rewiring it with pliers and a soldering torch. The jury, among whom Hermaphrobot, the Chain Smoker, the hair Robot, and Hedonism Bot are now shown, look up to Joey Mousepad. Joey Mousepad looks up as well and hides the pliers and torch behind his back. The jury turn to look at Judge 724. Judge 724 turns to the right.
Judge 724 says: "Donbot?"
Donbot says: "Motion denied."
Judge 724 says: "Prosecutor, call your first witness."
The Hyper-Chicken rises.
Hyper-Chicken says: "The people call our star witness Mr."
Hyper-Chicken says: "X, whose appearance will be altered because he's in grave danger."
The bailiff presses a button on the wall and a curved mirror descends from the ceiling until it is just above the table to the left of Judge 724's. Bender ascends, sitting just in front of the mirror, and the image of his face is enlarged. Leela, Hermes, Fry, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, Amy, and a group of old men gasp. The Hyper-Chicken clucks.
Bella says: "Bender, I've been looking for you!"
Bella says: "Which cake do you like better for our wedding?!"
Bella says: "!"
Bella lifts up two cakes. The first one has blue and yellow decorations. The second one has purple and pink decorations and Bender and Bella toppers.
Donbot says: "Bender?"
Bender screams.
Bender says: "That was close."
Bender turns to his right. The manbot seated next to the Donbot is wearing a yellow and red necktie.
Yellow says: "Isn't it true, Mr."
red manbot says: "Isn't it true, Mr."
Yellow says: "X, that you were slandering this innocent Mafioso to distract from your own felonious past?"
red manbot says: "X, that you were slandering this innocent Mafioso to distract from your own felonious past?"
Yellow says: "Including the crime you made up yourself called burglarcenarsony?"
red manbot says: "Including the crime you made up yourself called burglarcenarsony?"
Bender points at the yellow and red manbot with his left hand as he crosses his arms.
Bender says: "That's a wholly-owned trademark of Rodríguez Crime Concepts Inc."
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "Besides, I'm not on trial here!"
Bender crosses his arms. Judge 724 lifts up a sheet of paper.
Judge 724 says: "That's true."
Judge 724 says: "You're on trial in courtroom three."
Judge 724 presses a button on his desk, making Bender's table turn around and show up in another courtroom. To his left is a female, Robot judge with the number 802 on her chest. They turn to each other at the same time.
Judge 802 says: "You are charged with two counts of burglarcenarsony."
Judge 802 says: "How do you plead?"
Bender stands up and points up.
Bender says: "Not inno-guilty-cent!"
Bender presses the button on Judge 802's desk, making himself turn around and show up in the Donbot courtroom.
[Scene says: "Outside the courthouse."
[Scene says: "A Robot and two Humans are heading for the door, two other Humans are leaving, two other Humans are only standing up, and one other Human is sitting down."
Bender says: "And then the Donbot said, "Sorry, Calculon."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Donbot courtroom."
Bender says: "And then Calculon said,  "No!"
Donbot says: "I think we've heard enough."
Bender says: "Wait, I'm not finished."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "Now I'm finished."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, the prosecution roosts."
Leela, Hermes, Fry, Amy, and a group of men look at the Hyper-Chicken. The Hyper-Chicken clucks, closes his eyes, sits down, and covers his face. The jury, among whom Monique is now shown, return from the jury room. Judge 724 turns to them.
Judge 724 says: "Have you reached a verdict?"
Hedonism Bot says: "Indeed."
Hedonism Bot says: "After a steamy twelve-way deliberation, we find the accused guilty as—"
Calculon says: "The Donbot is innocent!"
All look at Calculon and gasp.
Judge 724 says: "Calculon, who is that escorting you?"
Judge 724 points at Joey Mousepad. Joey Mousepad is alarmed and Calculon looks at him.
Hedonism Bot says: "Yes."
Hedonism Bot says: "Who?"
A group of men looks at Calculon in shock.
Calculon says: "I'm a big Hollywood idiot dumb guy what does that sorta thing."
Joey Mousepad says: "Perfect."
Joey Mousepad slaps Calculon twice in a friendly manner. The jury murmur.
Hedonism Bot says: "We find the Donbot..."
Calculon says: "Dramatic pause..."
Hedonism Bot says: "Not guilty!"
All gasp.
Amy says: "What?"
The curved mirror ascends, leaving Bender in plain sight. Bender quickly draws Fry's face on a sheet of paper and covers his own face with it. The sheet falls and Bender looks troubled. The Donbot turns to Bella.
Donbot says: "Honey, if you're marryin' Bender, ya might wanna get a black dress for the wedding."
Bella says: "That's gonna look hot!"
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Leela, and Amy are sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Hermes, Robot Stack, Fry, and Professor Farnsworth are standing up."
[Cut to says: "Bender cries, his eyes covered."
Robot Stack says: "Don't be scared, Bender."
Robot Stack says: "We're putting you in the witness relocation programme."
Robot Stack says: "I don't want it anymore."
Bender looks surprised and somewhat happier.
Bender says: "So I gotta hide forever?!"
Bender says: "!"
Robot Stack says: "No."
Robot Stack says: "Just until the Robot Mafia finds and kills you."
Robot Stack says: "They're pretty good at that."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Amy, Bender, Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Leela, Fry, and Robot Stack are next to a spaceship shaped like a fedora that has the logo EBI on it."
[Cut to says: "It resembles a UFO as well."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks up to Professor Farnsworth."
Bender says: "Goodbye, Professor."
Bender says: "Leela, you'll have to watch out for Fry now."
Leela says: "Oh, Lord."
Bender walks up to Fry. Fry whimpers.
Fry says: "I wish I could go with you, pal."
Bender and Fry hug.
Bender says: "Me too."
Bender says: "I'll need a butler."
Robot Stack says: "Bender, we have to go."
Bender lets go of Fry and enters the spaceship, crestfallen, stops walking, and looks back. Fry looks at him and waves. Bender waves back. The spaceship's door closes.
[Cut to says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The spaceship ascends and throws itself away like a flying disc."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Hermes, Fry, and Leela are looking up."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Let's hire someone better!"
Professor Farnsworth leaves.
[Cut to says: "Wooden log."
[Cut to says: "A poster with the Planet Express logo is nailed to it."
[Cut to says: "The caption NOW HIRING: appears on the poster and is followed by the flashing caption ANYONE WILL DO."
[Cut to says: "The camera zooms out, revealing that Joey Mousepad, the Donbot, and Clamps are looking at the advertisement."
[Cut to says: "The Donbot turns to Clamps."
Donbot says: "Clamps."
Donbot says: "Clamps!"
Clamps says: "Huh?"
Clamps looks at the Donbot.
Donbot says: "Listen to my boss words."
Donbot says: "I would like you to apply for Bender's old job and cosy up to this Fry, his best friend."
Clamps says: "Yeah."
Clamps says: "And I'll introduce 'im to my best friend."
Clamps says: "Sorry, toots."
The Donbot holds Clamps' right clamp.
Donbot says: "No, Clamps."
Donbot says: "No clamps."
Donbot says: "Sooner or later, Bender will contact Fry..."
Donbot says: "As relocated squealers always do."
Joey Mousepad's arms are crossed.
Joey Mousepad says: "Then with the clamps..."
Joey Mousepad says: "Francis."
Clamps says: "Francis?"
Clamps says: "Francis?!"
Clamps says: "!"
Clamps says: "I'll clamp you with the Francis!"
Clamps attempts to attack Joey Mousepad, but Joey Mousepad holds his head, blocking him. Clamps complains.
Joey Mousepad says: "Ay!"
Joey Mousepad says: "Oh!"
Joey Mousepad says: "Take it ease."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express lobby."
[Scene says: "Outside the building, Clamps rings the bell."
[Scene says: "Hermes walks up to the control panel, presses a button, and the door opens."
Clamps says: "Hey there, Slick."
Clamps says: "I'm 'ere about the job."
Hermes says: "Take a seat."
Hermes says: "We'll begin the interview shortly."
Hermes leaves. Clamps enters and looks around. The Robot with no limbs looks around as well.
[Cut to says: "Hermes' office."
[Cut to says: "Hermes walks up to his table, grabs a pad, and leaves."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express lobby."
[Cut to says: "Hermes enters, looking at the pad."
Hermes says: "We'll start with Andrew."
Hermes looks to the floor and gasps. Every Robot but Clamps has been destroyed.
Clamps says: "Yeah, they all kinda broke."
Clamps says: "So..."
Clamps says: "When do I start?"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express conference room."
[Scene says: "Amy, Fry, Zoidberg, Leela, and Professor Farnsworth are sitting at the conference table."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Clamps have entered."
[Scene says: "Hermes is holding a package and two sheets of paper."
Hermes says: "Everyone, this is Francis."
Hermes puts his hand on Clamps' left shoulder, making him angry.
Fry says: "Hey, Francis."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Hello, Francis."
Leela says: "Hello."
Amy says: "Cute name."
Hermes takes his hand off Clamps' shoulder.
Hermes says: "Look what he can do."
Hermes places the sheets in the package and gives the package to Clamps. Clamps staples it three times. Hermes shows the others the stapled package. They are amazed. Clamps looks at his clamps.
Clamps says: "Yeah, I do it all."
Clamps says: "Clampin', crimpin', occasional snippin'."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Snipping?"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Looks like you may be out of a job, Zoidberg."
Zoidberg laughs ironically.
Zoidberg says: "That's all good fun."
Zoidberg says: "But, of course, a clamp is no substitute for the precision of a genuine—"
Amy stands up.
Amy says: "Francis, would you do the honours?"
Amy holds a crying baby who still has an umbilical cord. Clamps prepares to cut the cord, but Zoidberg quickly does it instead of him, alarming Amy. The baby stops crying.
Zoidberg says: "Stay off my turf!"
Zoidberg leads Amy and the baby away from Clamps.
Clamps says: "Eesh."
Clamps says: "That guy can bite my shiny metal clamps."
Clamps clamps. Fry laughs.
Fry says: "You remind me of my old friend Bender."
Clamps says: "Oh, yeah?"
Clamps says: "Where does he safely live?"
Fry shrugs.
Fry says: "I dunno."
Fry says: "Hey, you wanna come to my house and play?"
Clamps says: "Yeah."
Clamps says: "Sounds like freakin' fun."
[Montage says: "Outside Robot Arms Apartments."
[Montage says: "The song "Clampdown" is playing."
[Cut to says: "Apartment 00100100."
[Cut to says: "Fry is playing the game Jenga."
[Cut to says: "Clamps knocks the tower down."
[Cut to says: "They are eating pizza and drinking Slurm."
[Cut to says: "Fry is scared at first, but then raises his arms, cheering, much to Clamps' suspicion."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry is sitting at the table, building a mini-Bender, who holds a bottle."
[Cut to says: "Clamps squashes its head."
[Cut to says: "Fry is scared again, but begins laughing immediately afterwards, which results in Clamps' frustration."
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express hangar."
[Cut to says: "Fry is standing in front of a wall bearing the sign DANGER: COLONEL MUSTARD GAS, opens a can of Slurm, leans against a pipe on the wall, breaking it and causing the Colonel Mustard Gas to be released, and begins suffocating."
[Cut to says: "Clamps clamps the pipe, stopping the leak, and looks at Fry, serious."
[Cut to says: "Fry begins smiling, walks up to Clamps, and hugs him, making him nervous."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to Zoidberg, who, having been watching, looks saddened by what he has seen."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express locker room."
[Scene says: "Clamps mutters while using his locker."
Clamps says: "Four stinkin' years of clampin' school for this?"
Clamps shuts his locker's door and continues muttering.
Zoidberg says: "Sorry if I was a little hostile before, but snipping is the only reason I'm even tolerated around here."
Zoidberg says: "Not like you, with those magnificent squeezers!"
Clamps says: "Squeezers?"
Clamps says: "Squeezers?!"
Clamps says: "!"
Clamps says: "Francis?"
Clamps lets go of Zoidberg, turns to Professor Farnsworth, and hides his clamps behind his back.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Eh, Francis, I have good news."
Professor Farnsworth says: "It's time for your first delivery..."
Professor Farnsworth says: "To the Moon!"
Professor Farnsworth points up.
Clamps says: "Fan--in'-tastic!"
Clamps leaves.
[Scene says: "Space."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies away from Earth, flies by the Moon, enters a dome, and lands by a house the roof of which holds a sign reading ALDRIN'S GULCH TOWN JAIL."
[Cut to says: "Inside the house."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Fry, Clamps, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy enter."
[Cut to says: "Leela is holding a pad and Fry is steering a hovercart with a rope on it."
Fry says: "Here's the two-hundred feet of rope you ordered, Sheriff Burley."
They walk up to a man wearing a cowboy hat. The man looks at the hovercart and begins smiling.
Sheriff Burley says: "Hot diggety!"
Sheriff Burley says: "You fellas wanna stick around for the hangin' tomorrow?"
Sheriff Burley says: "It's gonna be a doozy."
Sheriff Burley says: "Well, best start cuttin' the nooses."
Sheriff Burley lifts up the rope.
Leela says: "Oh!"
Leela says: "You know who could help with that?!"
Leela says: "!"
Leela says: "Francis!"
Zoidberg looks shocked. The camera zooms out, revealing Clamps. Clamps laughs and helps Sheriff Burley cut the rope. Zoidberg is crestfallen.
[Cut to says: "Outside the house."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Clamps, Fry, Professor Farnsworth, and Zoidberg leave the house."
[Cut to says: "Fry is steering the empty hovercart."
Leela says: "Nice job, Francis!"
Leela says: "I liked how you didn't get drunk and steal anyone's organs."
Leela says: "Like our old Robot—"
Fry points to something in front of them.
Fry says: "Bender?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "It's me, Fry!"
Bender speeds up and leaves the dome.
[Scene says: "The Moon."
[Scene says: "Bender is still driving the hovercarriage."
[Scene says: "Professor Farnsworth, Zoidberg, Fry, Hermes, Leela, and Amy are wearing space suits, peeking out at Bender from behind a hill as he enters another dome."
[Scene says: "Clamps is holding a phone that is projecting a hologram showing the Donbot."
Donbot says: "I knew Bender would turn up purely by coincidence."
Donbot says: "Take care of 'im, but do it quietly."
The Donbot lifts up a cigar. Bella is peeking out at him from the door of the room from which he is speaking.
Clamps says: "Don't worry."
Clamps says: "We're in space."
Clamps says: "Where no one can hear you clamp!"
Clamps laughs.
Hermes says: "What do you know?"
Hermes says: "The Feds gave Bender a new identity as a Moon farmer."
Fry says: "Well, he must be afraid to break character in case there's any Robot Mafia scuzzballs around."
Clamps turns to the others.
Clamps says: "Huh?"
Amy says: "Come on!"
Amy says: "Let's go check on 'im!"
Amy begins jumping towards the dome. Everyone else but Clamps does the same.
Clamps says: "I checked 'im into tiny pieces!"
Clamps begins walking towards the dome.
[Scene says: "Inside the dome."
[Scene says: "Clamps, Hermes, Amy, Leela, Fry, Zoidberg, and Professor Farnsworth are in front of a house, looking at the hydroponic farmer, who has opened the door."
Hydroponic farmer says: "Bender?!"
Hydroponic farmer says: "!"
Hydroponic farmer says: "Nope, don't recollect nobody by that name."
Hydroponic farmer says: "But let me ask my son-in-law."
Hydroponic farmer says: "Billy!"
Bender, now without his hat, walks up to the hydroponic farmer.
Bender says: "Yes, Moon pa?"
Hydroponic farmer says: "These nice, big-city hillbillies are lookin' for someone named Bender."
Hydroponic farmer says: "You know 'im?"
Bender says: "No, he ain't any of the eight people I ever met."
Fry walks up to Bender.
Fry says: "Bender, it's us, your friends."
Fry says: "You can drop the hillbilling moron act."
Bender says: "Sorry, mister, but I'm no Bender."
Bender says: "I'm just a simple farmer."
Bender says: "Name's Billy West!"
Fry laughs.
Fry says: "Billy West."
Fry says: "What a stupid, phony, made-up name!"
The hydroponic farmer has put his hand on Billy West's left shoulder.
Hydroponic farmer says: "You city folk are probably hungry from premarital sex and flag burnin'."
Hydroponic farmer says: "Y'all wanna stay for supper?"
Amy looks at her watch.
Amy says: "Well..."
Amy says: "I could have a bite."
Amy shrugs yet a third time.
[Scene says: "Inside the house."
[Scene says: "The walls are decorated with a clock and two mirrors."
[Scene says: "The hydroponic farmer, Clamps, Professor Farnsworth, a small Robot resembling both Billy West and the Crushinator, Billy West, Fry, Leela, and Amy are sitting at the table."
[Scene says: "The small Robot is holding a baby's bottle."
[Scene says: "Billy West is wearing his hat again."
[Scene says: "Located in front of the window, the table has six plates, one of which has bread, and a pan with soup."
[Scene says: "The Crushinator walks up to the table."
Billy West says: "May I present my beautiful Robot wife, the Crushinator."
Billy West says: "She's servin' up the dinner and the charm."
Crushinator says: "Mashed chicken, Mr."
Crushinator says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "Sure!"
Fry shrugs. The Crushinator's chest cabinet opens and the Crushinator puts a chicken on Fry's plate. Fry looks pleased. The Crushinator mashes the chicken. Fry looks scared.
Clamps says: "So, uh..."
Clamps says: "Billy..."
Clamps says: "Where were you born?"
Billy West says: "Right here in Moon country!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "And how long have you been a farmer?"
Billy West says: "Reckon I was born a farmer."
Billy West says: "Folks say my momma was a hoe."
Leela intentionally warps her fork below the table.
Leela says: "Oh, dear!"
Leela says: "I seem to have warped my fork!"
Leela says: "Could you bend it back for me?"
Leela says: "Billy?"
Leela puts the fork in front of Billy West.
Billy West says: "Bend it?"
Billy West says: "I can't even lift it."
Billy West says: "Which is weird..."
Billy West says: "Seein' as how my daddy was a forklift."
Leela says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "Bender is really committed to his new Jethrovian identity!"
Billy West says: "If y'all are all finished, I'll drive y'all back to town in the old clunker."
[Cut to says: "The Moon."
[Cut to says: "The Crushinator is serving as a car for Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Amy, Zoidberg, Hermes, Billy West, Leela, and Clamps."
[Cut to says: "Billy West is driving."
Billy West says: "So..."
Billy West says: "Y'all flew here in a spacey-ship?"
Hermes says: "Stop talking like that!"
Hermes says: "You live on the Moon!"
Fry says: "If that is Bender, I guess he's just happier in his new life."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I refuse to believe anyone is happy!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Mr."
Professor Farnsworth says: "West, would you mind if I examined your brain?"
Billy West says: "Examine?"
Billy West says: "Heck."
Billy West says: "If you can find it, you can keep it."
[Cut to says: "Outside a house with SALOON painted on it."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg, Amy, Hermes, Fry, Leela, Clamps, and the Crushinator are looking at Professor Farnsworth and Billy West, who is sitting on a chair."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth's right hand is in Billy West's head."
[Cut to says: "Professor Farnsworth removes a nest containing two birds from Billy West's head and drops it on the floor."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Gadzooks!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "Bender's hard drive no longer contains any of his old memories."
Professor Farnsworth says: "When the Feds bumpkinised him, they completely wiped out his old identity!"
Professor Farnsworth closes the door. Everyone but Professor Farnsworth, Billy West, and the Crushinator gasps.
Billy West says: "Well, I don't know about that."
Billy West says: "But who am I to argue with a man from the sky!"
Billy West says: "So long, space heroes!"
Hermes, Zoidberg, Amy, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Fry begin walking away. Fry stops.
Fry says: "You sure you don't wanna kill all Humans?"
Billy West says: "Pfff!"
Billy West says: "I love all Humans!"
Billy West puts his hat on. Fry whimpers.
Fry says: "He really is gone."
Fry leaves. The Planet Express ship flies away from the Moon.
[Cut to says: "The Planet Express ship bridge."
[Cut to says: "Fry is leaning against the wall and Leela is at the wheel."
Fry says: "Hey, where is Francis?"
Fry gets the attention of the others.
[Cut to says: "Inside a saloon."
[Cut to says: "Monique, Fat-bot, and Preacherbot, among several Humans, are present."
[Cut to says: "A piano Robot is playing itself."
[Cut to says: "An old lady in a wheel chair with a glass eye is flashing her skirt on stage."
[Cut to says: "Billy West walks up to and puts a bill on the counter, where Sheriff Burley is cleaning a glass."
Billy West says: "One sasparoil, Sheriff!"
Billy West says: "I'm thirsty!"
Sheriff Burley turns to Billy West.
Sheriff Burley says: "Make it two."
Sheriff Burley says: "I'm greedy."
Sheriff Burley leaves. The camera zooms out, revealing that Clamps is sitting at Billy West's left.
Clamps says: "You got the rest fooled."
Clamps says: "Now let's take this outside so's no one else gets clamped."
Clamps clamps three times with his right clamp.
Billy West says: "You're the boss, stranger!"
Clamps and Billy West leave.
[Cut to says: "Outside the saloon."
[Cut to says: "Clamps opens the door as he leaves."
[Cut to says: "Billy West follows him."
[Cut to says: "Clamps suddenly stops walking, turns to Billy West, and grabs him by the neck."
Clamps says: "I'm gonna clamp your body parts off one by one."
Clamps says: "But, then, I'm gonna clamp your wounds shut so ya stay alive..."
Clamps says: "While I clamp ya some more."
Clamps says: "Say your prayers, stoolie."
Billy West says: "Okay!"
Billy West says: "God bless grandma and grandpa—"
Clamps says: "They're next!"
Clamps says: "Right now, I'm gonna cut your damn head off!"
Clamps clamps Billy West's head. Billy West begins suffocating.
Zoidberg says: "I thought I told you."
Zoidberg says: "I do the cutting around here."
Clamps lets go of Billy West. Billy West falls down. Clamps stands in front of Zoidberg. A tumbleweed rolls to the left and then to the right. Amy, Fry, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, and Hermes show up, gasp, run towards a water tank, and hide behind it, peeking out at the showdown. Clamps clamps a bird that flies by. Zoidberg claws another and eats it. Close-up on each one's face. Fry, Leela, Hermes, and Amy are scared, looking at Clamps and Zoidberg. Professor Farnsworth is scared, looking away.
Clamps says: "Scuttle on home."
Clamps says: "This ain't none of your business, Slick."
Zoidberg points at himself with his right claw.
Zoidberg says: "My name isn't Slick."
Zoidberg says: "It's Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "-ing Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg screams as he jumps towards Clamps.
Fry says: "Stop, Zoidberg!"
Fry says: "You'll hurt Francis!"
Leela looks at Fry with disappointment. Clamps' clamp and Zoidberg's claw engage. They begin fighting.
Clamps says: "Oh, yeah?"
Clamps says: "Take this!"
Clamps says: "That that!"
Zoidberg says: "Oy!"
Clamps says: "Why, you lousy—"
Clamps says: "I'm gonna clamp ya!"
Clamps drives Zoidberg to his knees and clamps his head. Zoidberg makes a crustacean noise.
Zoidberg says: "Ow."
Zoidberg says: "Ow."
Zoidberg says: "Ow."
Clamps laughs.
Clamps says: "Looks like an all-you-can-kill lobster fest."
Zoidberg says: "That offer was for a limited time only."
Zoidberg's fin comes out of his head, making Clamps take his clamps off it. Zoidberg puts his claws around Clamps' clamps, stands up, and claws them. Clamps screams and falls on his knees.
Clamps says: "My clamps!"
Fry, Amy, Leela, Professor Farnsworth, and Hermes walk up to Zoidberg and Clamps.
Fry says: "Why, Zoidberg?!"
Fry says: "!"
Fry says: "Why?!"
Fry says: "!"
Zoidberg points at Clamps with his left claw.
Zoidberg says: "Because our friend Francis here is in reality..."
Zoidberg says: "A bad murderer."
Fry looks surprised. Billy West and the Crushinator walk up to them.
Billy West says: "Yup."
Billy West says: "He was fixin' to kill me."
Billy West says: "This here crawdad done saved my life!"
A ringing sound is heard. Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, Leela, Amy, Fry, Zoidberg, and Clamps turn to their right. Professor Farnsworth, Leela, and Fry gasp. The ringing sound is being made by Bella, who is wearing a black dress and holding a gun.
Bella says: "Bender, you two-timing jerk!"
Bella says: "no one can!"
Bella shoots Billy West three times, making three holes in his chest.
Billy West says: "Aw, shucks."
Billy West falls down. Fry, Zoidberg, the Crushinator, Leela, Amy, Professor Farnsworth, and Hermes go to aid of him.
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry kneels before Billy West.
Leela says: "No!"
Hermes says: "What?"
The Crushinator cries. Billy West's body begins leaking oil and his eyes close. A black hovercar lands next to the corpse. The door is opened by the Donbot. The Donbot walks up to the corpse and kicks it. Joey Mousepad is behind the Donbot.
Donbot says: "Bender was a helluva squealer."
Donbot says: "Maybe the best there ever was."
Donbot says: "We'll send his widow some meatballs."
Donbot says: "Clamps, Bella, get in the way-back."
The Donbot enters the hovercar and Joey Mousepad opens its trunk. Heading towards the hovercar, Bella makes a ringing sound and Clamps holds his clamps with his arms. Fry stands up. The hovercar's door closes and the hovercar flies away. Fry, Leela, Zoidberg, Hermes, Professor Farnsworth, and Amy are left to mourn Billy West's death.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "The camera pans over to a restaurant the roofs of which read AUTHENTIC EARTH PIZZA that has a sign reading FAMILY BROS."
[Scene says: "PIZZA."
[Cut to says: "Inside the restaurant."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Professor Farnsworth, Amy, Hermes, Zoidberg, and Leela are sitting at a circular table."
[Cut to says: "No one else is there."
[Cut to says: "All have a beer mug in front of them."
[Cut to says: "Fry raises his."
Fry says: "To my friend Bender."
Fry says: "A wise man once said he was a helluva squealer."
Fry says: "Maybe the best there ever was."
All raise their mugs.
All says: "To Bender!"
All drink.
Bender says: "We are still waitin' for it to be delivered."
Bender places the mug on the table. Fry recognises Bender's voice and looks surprised. The camera zooms out, revealing Bender to also be wearing a chef's hat and Professor Farnsworth and Zoidberg to be looking up at him. Leela looks up at Bender as well.
Fry says: "Bender?!"
Fry says: "!"
Bender says: "I'm no Bender."
Bender says: "You got me mixed up with another Robot."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I don't really remember what he looks like."
Bender takes off his hat and moustache and sits at the table.
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "It's me, Bender!"
Professor Farnsworth, Fry, Leela, and Zoidberg gasp. Fry hugs Bender.
Fry says: "He's alive!"
Leela says: "So that Moon hillbilly who got murdered was just an innocent husband and father!"
Fry, Professor Farnsworth, Amy, Hermes, Zoidberg, Leela, and Bender look at each other. All but Bender cheer.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Bender, old bot, the Mafia thinks you're dead!"
Professor Farnsworth says: "You can come back to work with us!"
A brown-haired man wearing a delivery-boy outfit and holding a pizza box enters.
Bender says: "I'm back, baby!"
The brown-haired man walks up to the table.
Brown-haired man says: "Pizza's here."
The brown-haired man places the pizza box on the table.
Bender says: "Woo!"
Bender says: "I'll just cut that."
Zoidberg hits the table with his right claw, scaring the others, and points at Bender with his left claw.
Zoidberg says: "You do and I'll -ing gut you like a fish!"
Bender's eyes begin shifting and Bender sits down. Zoidberg begins cutting the pizza as Hermes and Amy look at each other. Zoidberg's eyes begin shifting too.
Closing Credits.