[Opening Credits. Caption says: "See You On Some Other Channel."
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Above the caption Fry, Bender and Leela are heroes in an oval."
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "A bad rendition of The Grumpy Snail comes from Fry's room."
[Scene says: "Bender, wearing pyjama trousers, pokes his head around the corner from his room."
Bender says: "Huh?"
Bender says: "I choose to not understand these signs."
He puts his hand on the doorknob and turns it.
[Cut to says: "Fry's Bedroom."
[Cut to says: "The door opens and Bender sees Fry sat on his bed playing the holophonor."
[Cut to says: "The green smoke snakes upwards from it but doesn't form a picture."
Bender says: "Aha!"
Fry quickly hides the holophonor behind him.
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "I was just not playing the holophonor."
He wafts the smoke away with his hand.
Bender says: "Yeah, well you should try not stinking at it."
Fry says: "I am trying."
Fry says: "I've been taking lessons."
Bender says: "Lessons?"
Bender says: "Oh, that's rich!"
Bender says: "Isn't it time you gave up all hope of ever improving yourself in any way?"
Fry says: "I know I should but I just can't."
Fry says: "Remember when I had those stomach worms that made me smart?"
Fry says: "I could play the holophonor and it made Leela like me."
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, as long as you know, I have a holophonor recital Tuesday."
Fry says: "I'd really like to have somebody there."
Fry says: "Please?"
Bender sighs.
Bender says: "Fine, I'll go already."
Bender says: "Y'know, sometimes I wish your real parents were still alive."
Bender says: "Not often, though."
He and Fry hug.
[Scene says: "Outside Holophonor School."
[Scene says: "The sign reads "Holophonor Teacher."
[Scene says: "Taking The Joy Out Of Music For 20 Years"."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender each ride a Segway on the pavement and Fry crashes his into Bender's."
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "Hey!"
[Scene says: "Holophonor School."
[Scene says: "A mother straightens her son's hair and the teacher, an old woman, approaches Fry and Bender carrying a tray."
Fry says: "Uh, hello, Mrs."
Fry says: "Mellonger."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Hello, Philip."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "And you must be Mr."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Bender."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Philip's told me so much about you."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Is it true that you're a robot?"
Bender says: "I prefer the term "love machine"."
He growls sexfully.
Time Lapse. Everyone sits down and watches the boy with the untidy hair play Beethoven's Für Elise on his holophonor. The holographic smoke whirls around and forms a picture of an elegantly-dressed man and woman. The man plays an open grand piano and the woman sits on it. Some steps fly around the back of the piano and the woman walks up them. The man follows her and they climb into the clouds. A barrel rolls under them and scores 100 points for each like in the Donkey Kong game. The audience applauds. Bender leans over to the boy's mother.
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "Your kid is great."
Bender says: "How hard did you say you had to hit him?"
Mother says: "Fairly hard."
Fry puts My First Holophonor on the music stand. He flips through it, sits down and clears his throat.
Fry says: "The Grumpy Snail."
Fry says: "Sorry!"
He carries on playing then starts playing badly. The snail turns into a slimy, salivating beast and growls at the audience. They scream.
Boy says: "It's too grumpy!"
A man screws up a piece of paper and throws it at Fry. More people throw paper at Fry and the snail disappears.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Quit it!"
Fry says: "Stop!"
Bender stands up, applauds and cheers. The audience stares at him.
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Mr."
Mrs. Mellonger says: "Bender, I simply cannot teach your child."
Bender says: "Then good day, madam!"
Bender says: "We hope to see you soon for tea."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry sit at the table with the holophonor."
Fry says: "It's hopeless!"
Fry says: "I can hear all this great music in my head but my stupid hands can't keep up."
Bender says: "Aww."
Bender says: "You know what always cheers me up?"
Bender says: "Laughing at other people's misfortunes."
He laughs at Fry's misfortune. Enter Leela with a clipboard.
Leela says: "Hey, guys."
Leela says: "You missed a great delivery to Space Earth."
Leela says: "Where you been all afternoon?"
Fry says: "At, uh, uh, a concert."
Leela says: "Ooh!"
Leela says: "Was it jazz noodling?"
Leela says: "My ex-boyfriend Sean played the sax."
Leela says: "I used to listen for hours while he sat naked on my couch and improvised."
Bender says: "So musicians really Rodger your Hammerstein, huh?"
Leela says: "Yeah, it's weird; Sean was uneducated, unambitious."
Fry says: "Pretty boy."
Leela says: "But when he played I could sense this incredible, beautiful creative soul."
Leela says: "Then one day I found someone else's couch fibres on his butt."
Leela says: "I couldn't believe it."
Leela says: "I was really..."
She walks out into the meeting room. The door closes behind her and Fry stands up from the table.
Fry says: "That could be my beautiful soul sitting naked on her couch if I could just learn to play this stupid thing."
Bender stands up.
Bender says: "Oh, but you can."
Bender says: "Though you may have to metaphorically make a "deal with the devil"."
Bender says: "And by "devil" I mean "Robot Devil"."
Bender says: "And by "metaphorically" I mean "get your coat"."
[Scene says: "Robot Hell."
[Scene says: "Hellbots torture robots and they scream."
[Scene says: "Beelzebot and his band of Hellbots practise the Robot Hell song."
[Scene says: "He plays his golden fiddle and then suddenly stops and groans."
Robot Devil says: "You hit a sour note about 200 years back, Doug!"
Robot Devil says: "Ah, Bender, Fry."
Robot Devil says: "You've come back for more eternal damnation."
Bender stands up and dust himself off.
Bender says: "No, this isn't a religious visit."
Bender says: "Fry just wants holophonor lessons."
Fry stands up.
Fry says: "Yep."
Fry says: "I need to get really good without practising."
The Robot Devil cackles.
Robot Devil says: "Hell is full of ten-year-olds who wanted exactly the same thing."
Robot Devil says: "Trouble is, you have what my old music teacher, Mrs."
Robot Devil says: "Mellonger, calls "stupid fingers"."
Robot Devil says: "Now wouldn't it be nice if you had a pair of robot hands to replace them?"
Fry says: "Sure would."
Fry says: "Oh, well."
Fry says: "Goodbye."
He turns around and Bender stops him.
Bender says: "Fry, you smelly idiot, I think he's willing to make some kind of deal with the devil with you."
Fry says: "He-He-He is?"
Fry says: "Great!"
Fry says: "Wait, what's the catch?"
Robot Devil says: "No catch."
Robot Devil says: "I'll merely pick a robot at random from somewhere in the universe, probably one you've never even met, and then I'll remove his hands and switch them for yours."
Robot Devil says: "It's just the sort of guy I am."
Robot Devil says: "What do you say?"
Fry says: "I don't know."
Bender says: "Fry, if you don't take this offer right now I will lose all respect for you and punch you."
The Robot Devil giggles and drums his fingers on the wheel.
Fry says: "Well, alright."
Fry says: "You sure I probably won't know him?"
Robot Devil says: "Definitely probably not."
Robot Devil says: "Just sign this contract."
Bender says: "Wow!"
Fry signs the contract and the Robot Devil pulls it away from him.
Robot Devil says: "And here we go!"
He spins the huge wheel and cackles.
Bender says: "I got a hundred bucks on Rectal-Exambot!"
They watch as the wheels cycles through hundreds of robots. It begins to slow down and passes Emotitron Jr., Ceiling Fan and Hookerbot. It reaches "Bender" and slows down even more. The arrow passes it and stops at "Robot Devil". The Robot Devil screams.
Fry says: "Robot Devil?"
Fry says: "I get your hands?"
Fry says: "Zam!"
Robot Devil says: "Oh, what an appallingly ironic outcome."
Bender says: "It's not ironic, it's just coincidental."
Bender says: "Now fork over those lady-fingers, Cookie!"
Fry holds out his hands and the Robot Devil sighs. He takes a meat cleaver out of his chest cabinet.
Robot Devil says: "Y'know, I only put my name on there as a show of good faith for the other robots."
Fry says: "Stop being such a baby and chop my hands off."
Robot Devil says: "Oh, very well."
He quickly chops and swaps hands. Fry looks at his new hands.
Fry says: "How'd you do that?"
Robot Devil says: "They're very good hands."
Fry flexes his new fingers.
Fry says: "At last!"
Fry says: "At last I have the power to make Leela love me."
The hands grab him around the throat and start to choke him.
Robot Devil says: "Oh, sorry."
Robot Devil says: "That'll wear off in a couple of days."
He looks at his new hands and Fry falls to the floor, still choking.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Hermes, Leela, Amy, Zoidberg and Bender sit around the table."
[Scene says: "Enter Fry."
Fry says: "Check it out, everyone."
Fry says: "I'm back from hell and I've got the Robot Devil's hands."
Amy says: "Neat!"
Amy says: "Let's see a trick."
Fry says: "Alrighty!"
He spins off Bender's head and dismantles him, then he juggles the pieces. Bender panics as he juggles. Enter Scruffy.
Scruffy says: "Somebody called the Robot Devil's here to see somebody called Fry."
Fry says: "Uh-oh."
He quickly puts Bender back together and runs out.
Bender says: "Where'd I go just now?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Entrance."
[Scene says: "Fry walks into the foyer where the Robot Devil is already standing."
Robot Devil says: "Hello, Fry."
Robot Devil says: "Give me back my hands!"
Robot Devil says: "These things are always touching me in places."
Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "Yeah, they get around!"
Fry says: "But I'm afraid we had a deal."
The Robot Devil groans.
Robot Devil says: "Looks like I wasted a bus trip."
Fry says: "Yes, you did."
[Montage says: "Fry sits in his bedroom playing The Grumpy Snail much better than before."
[Montage says: "Next, he plays Beethoven's Für Elise to Mrs."
[Montage says: "Mellonger and the man and woman dance."
[Montage says: "A formally-dressed grumpy snail slides between them and the man dances with him instead."
[Montage says: "A barrel rolls down the steps and knocks the woman over."
[Montage says: "At Hovercar-Negie Hall, Fry plays Bolero with a full orchestra to a captivated audience."
[Montage says: "His holo-dancers dance to the music and twist around the grumpy snail's eyestalks."
[Montage says: "The audience goes wild."
[Montage says: "From a balcony Leela watches with tears in her eye."
[Montage says: "She applauds."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "There is an advertisement on TV presented by the grumpy snail."
[Scene says: "At the side of the screen is a picture of Fry in an oval holding his holophonor underneath "Fry's Greatest Holophonor Hits"."
Grumpy Snail says: "That's over 30 minutes of music for only $14."
Grumpy Snail says: "99."
Fry sits on the couch. Zoidberg picks up the phone and dials.
Zoidberg says: "Only $14."
Zoidberg says: "99 for a two-record set."
Zoidberg says: "Two records!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, Zoidberg, at last you're becoming a crafty consumer!"
Man says: "Hello?"
Zoidberg says: "Hello?"
Zoidberg says: "I'll take eight!"
The doorbell rings. Scruffy walks in from the meeting room.
Scruffy says: "Mr."
Scruffy says: "Hedonismbot to see you."
Fry says: "Uh, show him in."
Scruffy says: "Very good, sir."
He leaves. Enter Hedonismbot.
Hedonismbot says: "Ah, Fry."
Hedonismbot says: "Congratulations."
Hedonismbot says: "Your latest performance was as delectable as dipping my bottom over and over into a bath of the silkiest oils and creams."
Fry says: "Thank you, sir."
Fry says: "That's exactly what I was going for."
Hedonismbot says: "You were the sole diversion in what has been a pale and unamusing season."
Hedonismbot says: "And so I would fain commission you write an opera."
He drops a bunch of grapes into his mouth.
Fry says: "But I've never written an opera."
Hedonismbot says: "And I've never heard one."
Hedonismbot says: "Still, if you can keep me amused through the overture I shall consider it a smashing success."
Fry says: "But I wouldn't even know what to write about."
Fry says: "Unless..."
Fry says: "OK, I'll do it."
Fry says: "If I can make it about Leela."
Leela says: "Me?"
Leela says: "Really?"
Hedonismbot says: "A man writing an opera about a woman?"
Hedonismbot says: "I shall see you at the premiere."
He laughs as he walks through the door.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Late at night, Leela hammers something inside the ships port wing."
[Scene says: "She hears music and looks around."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks in and sees holographic silhouettes coming from underneath a door."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Balcony."
[Cut to says: "Leela opens the door and sees Fry sat on the balcony playing the holophonor."
[Cut to says: "In his image, two stick figures dance."
[Cut to says: "He stops playing and writes some notes on a music sheet."
Leela says: "Is it part of the opera?"
Fry turns around and quickly puts the holophonor down.
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "You shouldn't be listening."
Fry says: "I don't want you to hear it till it's done."
Leela says: "But it's so beautiful."
Fry says: "So's a peacock but you don't eat it until it's cooked."
Fry says: "This has to be perfect."
Fry says: "I want you to hear exactly what I hear when I think about you."
Leela says: "Oh, Fry."
Leela says: "All this time you've had this incredible gift and I never knew."
Leela says: "I've been a fool."
Leela says: "A fully-justified, prudent fool."
Leela says: "They're so cold."
Robot Devil says: "Can I have my hands back now?"
Fry says: "No!"
Robot Devil says: "You're not nice!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Bender hums as he wanders into the kitchen with a towel wrapped around his waist."
[Scene says: "He opens the fridge and screams as the Robot Devil leaps out of it."
Robot Devil says: "Ah, Bender, this is a surprise!"
Robot Devil says: "For you!"
Robot Devil says: "Finding me in the refrigerator."
Bender says: "True, but at least I don't have the hiccups anymore."
Bender says: "What up?"
Robot Devil says: "Oh, well it so happens I'm in the mood to make a deal with you."
He puts his arms on Bender's shoulders but Bender pushes him away.
Bender says: "Forget it!"
Bender says: "You can't tempt me."
He walks away and opens a cupboard.
Robot Devil says: "Really?"
Robot Devil says: "There's nothing you want?"
Bender says: "Hm."
Bender says: "I forgot you could tempt me with things I want."
Bender says: "Well, I suppose I've always wondered what it would be like to be more annoying."
The Robot Devil chuckles.
Robot Devil says: "Nothing simpler!"
Robot Devil says: "And all I ask in return is your hands."
Robot Devil says: "To replace these bony hotdogs!"
Bender says: "Grabby and Squeezy?"
Bender says: "Never!"
Bender says: "I love these guys!"
The Robot Devil groans.
Robot Devil says: "Well is there anything else you would part with?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: "Nothing."
Bender says: "Ain't gonna happen."
Time Lapse. The Robot Devil screws a large, white airhorn into Bender's nose slot.
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "With this built-in stadium airhorn I can really annoy people."
Bender says: "And all it cost me was my crotch-plate."
He bends over, puts his hand in his chest cabinet and wiggles his hand between his legs.
Robot Devil says: "You certainly are a shrewd businessman, Bender."
Robot Devil says: "Now find someone and give 'em a good blast!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "That'll teach the first person I see a lesson."
He walks away.
Robot Devil says: "Ah, my ridiculously circuitous plan is one-quarter complete!"
He cackles.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Amy sits on the couch eating a buggalo leg."
[Cut to says: "Leela puts her handbag on her shoulder."
Leela says: "Well, Fry's opera premiere's tomorrow night."
Leela says: "I'm off to find a pair of formal gloves that'll fit over my enormous forearms."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Leela walks through the door into the corridor between the lounge and meeting room and walks straight into Bender who blasts her with his airhorn."
[Cut to says: "She holds her ears to block out the noise."
[Cut to says: "Bender stops and laughs."
[Cut to says: "The Robot Devil peeks around the corner from the meeting room."
Bender says: "Pretty annoying, huh, Leela?"
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "Are you talking?"
Leela says: "Oh, God!"
Leela says: "I'm deaf!"
Bender says: "Oops."
Bender says: "I'm so, so sorry, Leela."
Bender says: "I just wanted to annoy you."
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "Oh, this is horrible."
Leela says: "I won't be able to hear Fry's opera."
She cries. The Robot Devil stands at the end of the corridor watching them.
Robot Devil says: "Ah, how delightfully ironic."
Bender says: "It's not ironic, it's just mean."
Bender says: "Take this!"
He blows the airhorn weakly.
Robot Devil says: "Ooh!"
Robot Devil says: "Out of aerosol?"
Robot Devil says: "Also ironic!"
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Well bite my shiny metal--  Oh, nooo!"
[Scene says: "Outside Metropolitan House of Opera."
[Scene says: "The premiere of "Leela: Orphan Of The Stars"."
[Cut to says: "Metropolitan House of Opera Auditorium."
[Cut to says: "People stand on an upper level and wait for flying booths to carry them off to the upper gallery."
Leela says: "Nobody tell Fry I'm deaf."
Leela says: "If he found out I couldn't hear his opera, it'd break his heart."
Bender says: "OK, deaf-o!"
A booth carrying Hedonismbot and his servants flies over the stage.
Hedonismbot says: "Courtesans and gentle fops, I bid you welcome to my opera."
Hedonismbot says: "Let us cavort like the Greeks of old."
Hedonismbot says: "You know the ones I mean."
The booth flies away and an orchestra tunes. The lights dim, the orchestra stops and a spotlight follows Fry as he walks across the stage with his holophonor. The audience applauds and cheers.
Leela says: "Yay, Fry!"
Zoidberg leans forward to some people in front.
Zoidberg says: "I watch TV with that guy!"
Fry bows and sits down. He starts to play. The smoke forms an image of a title card that reads "Scene 1. Wherein Leela Is Found At The Orphanarium". The holo-scene changes to the steps of Cookieville Minimum Security Orphanarium. The people are real actors with holographic costumes. A group of Holo-orphans watch as a Holo-Vogel steps out of the building and sees Holo-Leela in a basket.
With courage in her female baby smile?
Or something stranger still.
Holo-Leela says: "Or just a lonely, filthy, starving child."
In the audience Leela leans to Amy.
Leela says: "Amy, Fry's looking at me."
Leela says: "What am I s'posed to be feeling?"
Leela says: "Ah!"
She faces the front and cries. Fry smiles and carries on playing.
Time Lapse. On the stage, a big green Holo-Godzilla holds Holo-Fry in its hands. Holo-Bender watches as Holo-Leela points a laser at it.
Holo-Bender says: "Leela!"
Holo-Bender says: "Leela, Leela save him!"
Save Fry, save Fry,.
Godzilla will devour him,.
As for me,.
I must be off,.
To have my doctor check this cough,.
He coughs.
Goodbye!
He turns away but Godzilla slams its foot down and blocks his path. Bender watches.
Bender says: "I don't recall ever fighting Godzilla, but that is so what I would have done."
[Scene says: "Metropolitan House of Opera Lobby."
[Scene says: "It's the intermission and the audience are gathered outside the auditorium."
[Scene says: "Calculon and Preacherbot talk while Florp laughs."
[Scene says: "Amy and Hermes are at the bar."
Amy says: "One diet double Martini, please."
Bartender says: "And for you, sir?"
Hermes says: "I'll just have a Shirley Hemple."
Tinny Tim walks in with newspapers, passing Leela who stands by the coat room door.
Tinny Tim says: "Extra!"
Tinny Tim says: "Extra!"
Tinny Tim says: "World's greatest opera only half over."
Leela reads the headline.
Leela says: "Half over?"
Leela says: "Oh, I'd give anything to hear the rest."
The coat door opens, revealing the Robot Devil inside.
Robot Devil says: "Anything?"
Robot Devil says: "Now, as I was saying, anything?"
Robot Devil says: "Because I can give you new robotic ears!"
He points at his ears.
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "You can give me new ears?"
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "What seemingly reasonable thing do you want in return?"
Robot Devil says: "Just your hands, my dear."
Leela says: "Whatever you said, forget it!"
Robot Devil says: "Alright then, just one hand."
Leela says: "Just..."
Leela says: "my left hand?"
Announcer says: "Please take your seats for act two."
Hedonismbot says: "But I'm not done vomiting."
He laughs. Leela looks at the people behind her.
Leela says: "I can't stand it!"
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "You can have my hand."
Robot Devil says: "Wonderful!"
Robot Devil says: "Calculon, old friend, I'm afraid I need your ears."
Calculon says: "Well I do owe you for giving me this unholy  acting talent."
The Robot Devil takes Calculon's ears off his head and puts them into Leela's ears. She looks around and smiles.
Leela says: "I can hear!"
Leela says: "I can hear like a safecracker!"
Leela says: "Hey, aren't you gonna take my hand?"
Robot Devil says: "In good time."
Robot Devil says: "You go enjoy the opera."
Leela gives him a curious look and runs back into the auditorium.
[Scene says: "Metropolitan House of Opera Auditorium."
[Scene says: "Leela shuffles past the other staff and sits back in her seat."
[Scene says: "Fry plays the scene in Robot Hell where the Robot Devil decided whose hands to give him."
[Scene says: "Holo-Fry sees Leela as an angel on a cloud."
I need hands of transcendental quickness.
In gambling with a stranger,.
For my head is of a most amazing thickness.
He spins the wheel and falls over. The audience laughs. At the back of the room the Robot Devil sees and growls. He stands up.
I'm stupider than you,.
I'm stupider than you in every way.
The real Robot Devil jumps onto the stage.
Robot Devil says: "Stupider?"
Robot Devil says: "Pah!"
Robot Devil says: "This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant!"
Robot Devil says: "Your lyrics lack subtlety."
Robot Devil says: "You can't just have your characters announce how they feel."
Robot Devil says: "That makes me feel angry."
Fry says: "Look, what do you want?"
Robot Devil says: "I want my hands back."
He laughs and columns of flame explode behind him. Fry stands up.
Fry says: "Never!"
Even with a dirty dealer.
Then I'll take what I want from Leela.
The spotlight moves from the stage to Leela. Beelzebot extends his arms and pulls her from her seat onto the stage.
Leela says: "Whoa!"
Robot Devil says: "Leela has promised me her hand."
The audience gasps.
Leela says: "Fry, you do not understand."
The music slows down and the spotlight narrows as Leela walks across the stage.
The shame,.
The shame,.
But I feared you'd stop writing this musical splendour,.
Deception's the curse of my whimsical gender,.
He gave me mechanical ears,.
Effective though just a bit garish,.
In return without shedding a tear,.
I agreed that I'd give him my hand--.
Robot Devil says: "In marriage!"
Fry gasps.
Leela says: "What?"
Robot Devil says: "You'd give me your hand in marriage."
He gets down on one knee. The audience watches. Farnsworth watches through some opera glasses which are just as thick as his normal ones.
Hermes says: "Is this really happening or just being staged?"
Amy says: "Not if Leela is engaged."
That isn't what I signed.
The Robot Devil takes the contract out of his chest cabinet.
Robot Devil says: "Print."
Leela says: "I'll give you my hand..."
Leela says: "and   In marriage."
In the audience, Bender reads from a dictionary.
Now that is "irony".
The Robot Devil pulls Preacherbot out of his seat and onto the stage.
How droll,.
How droll!
Where Styx is a river,.
And not just a band,.
Though they'll play our reception if all goes as planned,.
Unless, Fry, you surrender my hands!
Fry looks at the hands on his wrists. The spotlight narrows over him.
By forcing me to decide upon,.
The woman that I idolise,.
Or the hands of an automaton,.
Without these hands I can't complete,.
The opera that was captivating her,.
But if I keep them,.
And she marries him,.
Then he probably won't want me dating her.
The audience applauds and cheers. Nixon sits next to Morbo and his wife.
Nixon says: "Arooo!"
Zapp sits on a balcony with a date.
Zapp says: "Bray-vo!"
Zapp says: "Enn-core!"
Farnsworth says: "I can't believe the devil is so unforgiving."
Zoidberg says: "I can't believe everybody's just ad-libbing!"
Leela struggles to get out of Beelzebot's hold as Fry gazes at his hands.
By the state of New New York--.
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "Take my hands!"
He falls to his knees and cries. The Robot Devil cackles, pulls out his cleaver and chops his hands off Fry's wrists. Leela gasps and the lights dim.
Hedonismbot says: "Surgery in an opera?"
Hedonismbot says: "How wonderfully decadent and just as I was beginning to lose interest."
Hedonismbot says: "Oh!"
Hedonismbot says: "Oh, my!"
The Robot Devil screws his hands back onto his wrists and Fry looks at his own.
Fry says: "My hands."
Fry says: "My horrible human hands."
Fry says: "And what did you do to my nails?"
Robot Devil says: "I cleaned them."
Robot Devil says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, it's my poker night and I feel lucky."
Robot Devil says: "So it's back to hell for me."
Robot Devil says: "Come on, Nixon!"
He picks up Nixon's jar.
Nixon says: "Huh?"
They vanish in a flash of smoke. The audience murmurs in confusion and don't notice the Robot Devil running out of the auditorium behind them.
Hedonismbot says: "Less reality, more fantasy."
Hedonismbot says: "Resume the opera."
Fry says: "But I can't play anymore."
Zoidberg says: "The music's bad and you should feel bad."
The audience gets up and walks out, throwing paper at Fry along the way. He yells.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Hey!"
[Scene says: "Outside Metropolitan House of Opera."
[Scene says: "The audience flock out of the opera house."
[Scene says: "Tinny Tim has a new newspaper."
Tinny Tim says: "Extra!"
Tinny Tim says: "Extra!"
Tinny Tim says: "Greatest opera of all time sucks."
Zoidberg says: "I'll take eight!"
He hands Tinny Tim some money and picks up a pile of newspapers.
[Scene says: "Metropolitan House of Opera."
[Scene says: "Fry sits alone on the stage in the empty auditorium."
[Scene says: "He puts his holophonor on the floor and gets up to leave."
Leela says: "Please don't stop playing, Fry."
Leela says: "I wanna hear how it ends."
Fry turns around. Leela is the only person left in the room. He smiles then sits down, picks up the holophonor and plays. The smoke whirls around above him and forms a crude image of him and Leela who turn to each other and hold hands. They kiss, turn around and walk away towards the horizon.
Closing Credits.