[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Voted "Best"."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff watch a newsreel."
Announcer says: "And to the victor belong the spoils; one trillion dollars in silken treasure."
Zapp strokes a silk suit.
Zapp says: "Mmm!"
The scene changes to Nixon at a podium outside the White House.
Nixon says: "My fellow Earthicans, after meeting with top voodoo economists, I have decided to refund our silk surplus to you, the taxpayers."
Nixon says: "That's right!"
Nixon says: "I've sent you each 300 buckaroos in the form of a Tricky Dick Fun Bill."
Nixon says: "Knock yourselves out!"
The newsreel ends and the staff cheer.
Zoidberg says: "Money!"
Amy says: "I'm slightly richer!"
Bender says: "What to do, what to do?"
Bender says: "One $300 hookerbot or 300 $1 hookerbots?"
Leela says: "I'm going to swim with a whale."
Leela says: "They're the gentle giants of the deep."
Farnsworth says: "I'm well aware of that."
Scruffy says: "Scruffy's gonna get himself one of them $300 haircuts."
Scruffy says: "This one's lost its pizzazz!"
Zoidberg says: "A fortune, it is!"
Zoidberg says: "At last Zoidberg will live like a rich man!"
He kisses the bill and Nixon squirms on it.
Nixon says: "Hey, cut it out!"
Nixon says: "Go away!"
Nixon says: "Get away!"
Amy says: "Shmeesh!"
Amy says: "It's just 300 bucks."
Amy says: "What is that, like a hundred cups of coffee?"
Fry says: "That's it!"
Fry says: "I'm getting a hundred cups of coffee."
Fry says: "Starting now."
Fry says: "Coffee machine, one cup of coffee, please."
He puts the $300 into the machine and it takes $3 off.
Nixon says: "Smells good!"
Fry takes a sip of the coffee and a coffee cup counter comes up on the bottom of the screen with a "1" on it. Zapp appears on the big screen.
Zapp says: "Leela?"
Zapp says: "Are you there?"
Leela says: "No."
Zapp says: "Oh, yes, you are!"
Zapp says: "I'm hereby inviting you and your oddball co-workers to a special reception to display the national silk surplus."
Zapp says: "I believe you know the heroic space stallion who captured it."
Zapp says: "Show them my medal, Kif."
Kif points at a medal on Zapp's chest.
Kif says: "He rented it with his tax refund."
Zapp says: "So, Leela, will you have the pleasure?"
Leela says: "What little there is to be had."
Zapp says: "Tomorrow night at eight them."
Zapp says: "Smooches!"
He kisses the screen.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "People spend their $300."
[Scene says: "The 99c Store changes its name to 299."
[Scene says: "99c Store."
[Scene says: "The crack addict walks out of an alley kissing his money."
Crack Addict says: "No cheap crack houses for me no more!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Crack Mansion."
[Cut to says: "The crack addict hands a man his $300."
Man #1 says: "Very good, sir."
Man #1 says: "Shall I pre-warm sir's crack pipe?"
Above the crack mansion, Kif and Amy fly over on a paddle plane. Kif struggles and wheezes.
Amy says: "Oh, Kif, it was so romantic of you to rent this paddle plane with your tax rebate."
Amy says: "We're like two dandelion seeds wafting on the breeze."
Kif says: "Yes."
Kif says: "Seeds..."
Kif says: "wafting."
Amy says: "I almost feel kinda shallow for blowing my rebate on this cool talking tattoo!"
Tattoo #1 says: "Hey, Gordon Gecko!"
Tattoo #1 says: "I cost as much as this whole crummy date!"
Amy says: "Shut up!"
Amy says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Geneworks."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth talks to a woman at a desk."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, ma'am, it has become too much of a chore for me to clean out my wrinkles each day."
Farnsworth says: "Is it true that stem cells may fight the aging process?"
Geneworks Woman says: "Well, yes."
Geneworks Woman says: "In the same way an infant may fight Muhammad Ali."
Farnsworth says: "One pound of stem cells, please."
He slaps his $300 on the desk and the woman gives him a tub of stem cell cream.
Geneworks Woman says: "Of course, any age-reversing effects will be purely temporary."
She gags and turns away as Farnsworth spreads the cream around his face.
[Scene says: "Hacking Jack's Fine Smokables."
[Scene says: "Bender peruses the fine merchandise within."
[Scene says: "He looks at some $1."
[Scene says: "99 Dutch Butts, then at a box of $25 Zubans, then the $300 Royal Kooparillo."
[Scene says: "He then sees a cigar in a glass case, Le Grand Cigar, which is $10,000."
Bender says: "Say, buddy, why's this Grand Cigar so pricey?"
Clerk says: "Well, as you can see, its wrapper is a piece of the original US Constitution."
Clerk says: "It was hand-rolled by Queen Elizabeth during her wild years and was buried with George Burns until graverobbing space mushrooms-- Uh, well you know the rest."
Bender says: "Give you 300 bucks for it."
Clerk says: "No can do."
Bender says: "Oh, alright, I'll just take these $300 burglars tools then."
Clerk says: "Very good, sir."
Bender says: "So, uh, what time d'you close tonight?"
[Scene says: "Outside The Conrads' House."
[Scene says: "Dwight sits on the steps and smiles as Hermes arrives with a box behind his back."
Dwight says: "Hey, Pops!"
Dwight says: "Did that tax rebate come?"
Hermes says: "Came and went!"
Hermes says: "You're now the proud owner of Bamboo Boogie Boots."
Hermes says: "With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun."
Dwight says: "But, Pops, I don't wanna have fun."
Dwight says: "I wanna be like you; boring but prudently invested."
Hermes says: "Babylon's bells!"
Hermes says: "I tallied almost 300 bananas on this entertainment product."
Hermes says: "Now you put 'em on and have fun."
Dwight says: "I don't wanna!"
Hermes says: "Well then I'm gonna put 'em on and make you watch me have fun."
Hermes says: "Dwight!"
Hermes says: "Help me!"
Dwight says: "I'll save you, Pops!"
He climbs the bamboo and hangs on to Hermes' feet. Hermes starts to lose his balance and he stumbles down the road. Drivers swerve their cars to avoid the enormous boots and honk their horns.
[Scene says: "Outside Geneworks."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth comes out of the building looking younger."
[Scene says: "He sees a group of young people standing around a car listening to loud music."
Farnsworth says: "Hey!"
Farnsworth says: "Turn that damn music--  Up!"
Hermes and Dwight stumble past on the bamboo boots.
Hermes says: "Isn't this fun?"
Dwight says: "No!"
Dwight says: "I wish I had two mommies!"
They walks past a jewellery shop called Diamonds Are Forever.
[Scene says: "Diamonds Are Forever."
[Scene says: "Randy holds a "Going Out Of Business Sale"."
[Scene says: "He hands jewellery to Zoidberg."
Randy says: "Try these, uh, sir."
Zoidberg puts the rings on his mouth flaps and looks at himself in the mirror.
Zoidberg says: "I ask for rich guy stuff and you give me shiny pebbles?"
Zoidberg says: "Bah!"
Zoidberg says: "I bid you adieu."
He shakes the rings off and they hit Randy on the head.
Randy says: "Ow!"
Zoidberg woops and scuttles out.
[Scene says: "Brooklyn Aquarium."
[Scene says: "Leela stands at a booth near the whale tank."
Leela says: "I'd like a pass to swim with Mushu, please."
Whale Biologist says: "Well you asked the right guy."
Whale Biologist says: "I'm the whale biologist."
Whale Biologist says: "Though personally I hate whales."
Whale Biologist says: "Especially Mushu."
Leela says: "Then why'd you become a whale biologist?"
Whale Biologist says: "I don't know you well enough to get into that."
Whale Biologist says: "$300, please."
Whale Biologist says: "Noon tomorrow."
Whale Biologist says: "If you're late you only get to tread water in the scallop tank."
Leela takes her pass and leaves. Fry waits in line at Starfishbucks Coffee.
Fry says: "Uh, I'll have a coffee."
Fry says: "Whale, please."
The man pours the coffee and Fry drinks it. A coffee cup comes up at the bottom of the screen with "2" on it. Amy and Kif fly over the aquarium on the paddle plane.
Kif says: "Amy, I-I also spent some of my tax rebate on a gift for you."
Amy says: "Oh, Kiffie!"
She opens the box. Inside is a watch with two faces and a picture of Amy and Kif on each.
Kif says: "It shows the time wherever we both are."
Kif says: "And it's powered by love!"
Kif says: "Also, you have to wind it."
Tattoo #1 says: "Oh!"
Tattoo #1 says: "Somebody won big at Skeeball!"
Amy says: "You shut up!"
Amy says: "I love it, Kif."
Amy says: "I'll use it whenever I wanna know what time it is."
Amy says: "Hi, Fry and Leela!"
The paddle plane lurches forward and starts falling. Kif screams.
Kif says: "Oh!"
Kif says: "Keep peddling!"
Kif says: "Oh, for the love of God, keep peddling!"
Leela screams and Fry gurgles his coffee as they get closer to the ground. The plane lifts up at the last second and swoops over people. They scream. The paddle plane flies over Mushu's tank. Kif wipes his brow and breathes a sigh of relief. Amy turns around and waves.
Amy says: "Bye, Fry and Leela!"
The plane tilts sideways and the watch slides off the front of it. Kif panics. The watch slips off and he sighs. Mushu leaps up out of the water and eats the watch. The crowd applauds.
Tattoo #1 says: "Oh, I can't wait until the tattoos on Amy's butt hear about this!"
Tattoo #2 says: "Hear about what?"
Tattoo #3 says: "Tell us!"
A horse tattoo neighs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Kif cries."
Amy says: "Don't feel sad, my little tadpole."
Kif says: "I'm trying not to."
Kif says: "But my gift to you is in the belly of a whale."
Zoidberg says: "Say, this reminds me of that time I ate that other watch Kif gave you."
Amy says: "Hey, it is kinda like that."
Zoidberg says: "To induce vomiting, that was the solution."
Zoidberg says: "Everywhere it went!"
Zoidberg says: "What a Valentine's Day that was!"
Leela looks at her Mushu pass.
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "This may seem like a huge coincidence, but I happen to have an in with that whale."
Scruffy says: "Scruffy's formulated a plan, but you'll need a ready source of nauseatin' rotten fish."
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "In the restaurant, Fry, Leela, Kif and Amy sit around a table with a huge fish in the middle."
[Scene says: "Enter Elzar."
Elzar says: "Freshen your coffee, sir?"
Fry says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah!"
Fry says: "Keep it coming!"
Fry says: "Put the pot down!"
Fry says: "Get away!"
He drinks his 31st cup. Leela leaves the table. At another table, Farnsworth dines with April.
April says: "You're so young in spirit."
April says: "It's hard to believe you're as old as 25."
Farnsworth says: "The key is to grab life by the hojos!"
Farnsworth says: "Live every day like it might be your last."
Elzar says: "What'll it be, kids?"
Farnsworth says: "One bowl of mild farina."
[Cut to says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Leela crosses the room and opens the fresh fish freezer door."
Leela says: "Pay dirt!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
[Cut to says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Cut to says: "Leela strolls out of the kitchen, whistling casually."
[Cut to says: "Elzar serves Zoidberg."
Elzar says: "Here you go, big spender."
Elzar says: "Foie gras and caviar."
Zoidberg sniffs the food.
Zoidberg says: "Goose liver?"
Zoidberg says: "Fish eggs?"
Zoidberg says: "Pah!"
Zoidberg says: "Where's the goose?"
Zoidberg says: "Where's the fish?"
Elzar says: "Hey, that's what rich people eat."
Elzar says: "The garbage parts of the food."
Zoidberg says: "I ate garbage yesterday and it didn't cost me $300!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm not paying."
Zoidberg says: "Farewell, good sir!"
He leaves with a very classy scuttle and woop.
[Scene says: "Outside Hacking Jack's Fine Smokables."
[Scene says: "On the roof, Bender shines a torch onto a grate."
He cuts the grate open and lowers himself through it.
[Cut to says: "Hacking Jack's Fine Smokables."
[Cut to says: "Bender lowers himself from the roof à la Tom Cruise in Mission: Impossible and stops just above the case containing the Grand Cigar."
[Cut to says: "He gets a diamond out of his chest cavity and cuts through the glass with it then throws it in the bin."
[Cut to says: "He reaches in and takes out the cigar."
Bender says: "Le Grand Cigar!"
Bender says: "She is mine!"
Bender says: "And with absolutely no consequences."
He cackles and raises himself out of the room. In the corner a security camera watches him. The signal goes along a wire, down a dark tunnel, through the sewers where El Chupanibre terrorises the leg mutant, up a pole and through a dark hole.
[Cut to says: "Police Station."
[Cut to says: "Smitty watches the goings-on on a screen built into URL's chest."
Smitty says: "You see that?"
URL says: "Grand theft tobacco."
URL says: "Time to get off our fat, cop asses and ride!"
A flashing red light comes out of his head.
[Scene says: "Outside Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Dwight walk past on the bamboo boots, sleeping."
[Scene says: "Elzar comes out the back door of the restaurant with a crate of fish."
Elzar says: "Pee-yew!"
Elzar says: "This fish is slightly too rotten to even make jambalaya."
He tips the fish into a dumpster and leaves. The dumpster lid swings open and Leela and Amy climb out with the fish in a net.
Amy says: "So far, so good."
Amy says: "Where's Kif?"
Behind them Kif groans as he is dragged along inside the net.
[Scene says: "Guadalajara Brown Drip."
[Scene says: "Fry is jittery as he has his 51st cup."
Fry says: "And the cup's shaking!"
Fry says: "I don't want my coffee shaking!"
Bender says: "You seem a tad wound up, buddy."
Bender says: "And your face is greasy."
Bender says: "Real greasy!"
Bender says: "You been up all night?"
Fry says: "Of course I've been up all night!"
Fry says: "Not because of caffeine."
Fry says: "It was insomnia."
Fry says: "I couldn't stop thinking about coffee."
Fry says: "I need a nap."
Fry says: "Coffee time!"
He gulps down his 52nd cup. Bender gets out his cigar and sniffs it.
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "Mighty fine smokable!"
Fry says: "Fancy cigar."
Fry says: "Why don't you smoke it already?"
Fry says: "Puff, puff!"
Fry says: "Go, go, go, go, go!"
Bender says: "Nah, you can't blow the smoke from such a majestic stogie in just anyone's face."
Bender says: "I'm saving it for the fancy-pantses at Zapp Brannigan's black tie reception."
Bender says: "You comin'?"
Fry nods jitterily.
[Scene says: "Brooklyn Aquarium."
[Scene says: "Leela is kitted out in a swimming costume and flippers."
[Scene says: "The rotten fish is packed into her costume."
Whale Biologist says: "And the fifth reason whales kill is for the sheer fun of it."
Leela says: "Anything else?"
Whale Biologist says: "Yeah."
Whale Biologist says: "You're lumpy and you smell awful."
Whale Biologist says: "Hey, I calls 'em like I sees 'em!"
Whale Biologist says: "I'm a whale biologist."
Leela turns to the tank.
Leela says: "OK, Mushu, it's feeding time!"
Leela says: "Oh, crud!"
Leela says: "He ate my suit."
Whale Biologist says: "The suit was ugly."
Whale Biologist says: "Whale biologist!"
[Scene says: "Golf Club."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg swings at the ball but repeatedly misses."
Caddy says: "Perhaps if you tightened your grip, sir?"
Zoidberg says: "Ah!"
Zoidberg says: "Thank you, golf slave."
Zoidberg says: "Bah!"
Zoidberg says: "Rich people wouldn't waste their time on this nonsense."
Zoidberg says: "Plus, these eggs are gritty and tasteless."
He spits out three golf balls and whacks them with the half club.
[Cut to says: "Picnic Site."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth and April kiss."
[Cut to says: "One of Zoidberg's balls hits Farnsworth on the head."
Farnsworth says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth says: "Not so rough!"
[Scene says: "Brooklyn Aquarium."
[Scene says: "A show has started and the bleachers are full of people."
[Scene says: "Kif, Amy and Bender are already there."
[Scene says: "Leela arrives wrapped in the "Please Do Not Feed The Whale" sign and gives the thumbs up."
[Scene says: "The Cookieville orphans and Warden Vogel sit in front of them."
Whale Biologist says: "Ladies and gentlemen, presenting Mushu, the educated whale who thinks he's better than you."
The crowd cheers.
Amy says: "C'mon, Mushu!"
Amy says: "Barf!"
Amy says: "Barf like a freshman!"
Whale Biologist says: "And now, ignorant whale lovers, we'll see who's boss as I make Mushu jump through this hoop."
Whale Biologist says: "Jump, Mushu!"
Whale Biologist says: "Who wants a fish?"
Mushu throws up and the crowd gasps.
Sam says: "Mushu is sad!"
Smitty and URL stare as Bender sneaks out behind them.
URL says: "It just keeps comin' and comin'."
Kif says: "Wait!"
Kif says: "That chunk."
Kif says: "It's the watch!"
Kif says: "I got it, Amy!"
Kif says: "I got it!"
Whale Biologist says: "He's got aquarium property!"
Whale Biologist says: "Stop him!"
URL says: "Better do what he says."
URL says: "He's a whale biologist."
He lifts Kif out of the water.
Smitty says: "You're under arrest, you squishy punk!"
Smitty puts the cuffs on Kif and he drops the watch. He sighs. Mushu regurgitates Leela's swimming costume.
[Scene says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Judge Whitey and his wife walk through a body scanner to the silk surplus reception."
[Scene says: "Two hobos try to follow them but a forcefield stops them and they fall over."
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Zapp talks to Mom and her sons and Mayor Poopenmeyer."
Zapp says: "The Spiderians, though weak and woman-like on the battlefield, are masters of the textile arts."
Zapp says: "Taste like king crab, by the way."
Zapp says: "Crazy bugs actually wove this tapestry of my heroic conquest while I was still killing them."
Zoidberg scratches the tapestry and sniffs it.
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "It's not even scratch and sniff?"
Zoidberg says: "But if rich people think it's good, I'll buy it."
Zoidberg says: "One art, please!"
Mom laughs.
Mom says: "What a clever impersonation of a stupid, poor person."
Mom says: "How much is that placemat actually worth, Brannigan?"
Zapp says: "Exactly $1 billion."
Mom says: "Now that's walking-around money!"
She blows her nose on her $300.
Nixon says: "What?"
Nixon says: "Hey!"
Nixon says: "Wait!"
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
Zoidberg looks on sadly. Over on the other side of the room, Fry just about manages to pour himself his 99th cup of coffee. Bender "enjoys" a conversation with Whitey.
Whitey says: "So I said to Kitty, "The only way to keep the butler from running away is to cut off his foot."
Whitey says: ""  Yes, it reminds me of a joke I heard about upper-middle-class people."
Bender blows smoke in his face and he coughs. Elsewhere, Amy and Scruffy talk.
Amy says: "I've never been sad at a party before."
Amy says: "I wonder if my mind is thinking about Kif being in jail."
Scruffy says: "Jail's not so bad."
Scruffy says: "You can make sangria in the terlet."
Scruffy says: "Course, it's shank or be shanked."
Amy says: "Of course."
[Scene says: "Commander Riker's Island."
[Scene says: "Kif paces around in his cell still covered in the whale vomit."
Whale Biologist says: "Look, just give back our property and we'll drop the charges."
Kif says: "Fine, have the watch."
Kif says: "It's broken anyway."
He throws the watch but a forcefield stops it from going through the bars and it bounces back and hits him on the head.
Whale Biologist says: "I don't want your watch."
Whale Biologist says: "You're covered in precious ambergris."
Kif says: "Precious..."
Kif says: "hamburgers?"
The whale biologist sighs and presses a button on his belt. A holographic image of Roseanne appears.
Holo-Roseanne says: "Ambergris."
Holo-Roseanne says: "Noun."
Holo-Roseanne says: "A grease-like product of the sperm whales digestive tract that is used as a base in the finest perfumes."
Holo-Roseanne says: "This has been Roseanne, your guide to the world of facts."
The holo-encyclopaedia shuts off.
Whale Biologist says: "You heard Roseanne."
Whale Biologist says: "Scrape off the priceless ambergris and I'll let you go."
Kif says: "Or-Or better yet, I'll simply shed my skin."
He grunts as he takes it off.
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Morbo's wife fiddles with his bow tie."
Morbo says: "Stop it!"
Morbo says: "Stop it!"
Morbo says: "It's fine!"
Morbo says: "I will destroy you!"
Bender walks past and blows smoke in their faces. They cough. Underneath a giant spider dress, Farnsworth and his girlfriend make out. A bell tolls.
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Farnsworth says: "Uh, gotta go."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, fight club!"
He runs out from underneath the dress and covers his face. His girlfriend follows.
April says: "What's happening, Hubie?"
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid the face you fell in love with was actually just a blob of living gunk I bought with my tax refund."
He looks down at stem cell cream as it slides away.
April says: "Well as long as we're being honest, I also spent my tax refund on a crazy treatment."
She pulls a plug out of her navel and she swells up.
Farnsworth says: "That certainly is honest."
April says: "It's better for us to both just be ourselves."
April says: "You, wrinkled as a prune."
Farnsworth says: "You, fat as the queen of sea cows."
April says: "I love you!"
They kiss and she falls on him.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
On the other side of the room Leela talks to Whitey and Kif is reunited with Amy.
Amy says: "Not precious ambergris!"
Kif says: "Yes!"
Kif says: "And I managed to sneak some out in the usual place."
Kif says: "Ta-da!"
Kif says: "Using that, I'll make you a perfume of lilac and jasmine and frankenberry."
Amy says: "Oh, Kif, it's so romantic I can't even wait!"
Amy says: "I'm gonna wear it right now."
She puts some on. Her tattoo splutters. Everyone else chokes at the stench.
Mom says: "Who smells like freaking porpoise hork?"
Amy says: "I do!"
Amy says: "Kiss me, Kif!"
They kiss. Zoidberg slinks out sadly.
[Cut to says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg walks out through the fire exit and sits on a dustbin."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, what a foolish squid I've been."
Zoidberg says: "I'm not rich."
Zoidberg says: "I can't even buy one measly masterpiece."
He sobs. The hobos approach him.
Gus says: "Pardon us, gent."
Gus says: "Might a couple of hungry, hungry hobos take a feed from that aluminum snack box?"
Zoidberg gets off the bin and the hobos rummage through it.
Zoidberg says: "So now I'm in the gutter, surrounded by bums who eat garbage?"
Zoidberg says: "Money brought me no happiness."
Zoidberg says: "Bupkiss!"
Dandy Jim says: "Ooh!"
Dandy Jim says: "This boot's got a little pudding at the bottom."
He licks it off.
[Scene says: "Museum of Natural History."
[Scene says: "Bender and Leela talk to Ben Beeler."
Beeler says: "Interestingly, the Spiderians are more closely related to our elephants than our spiders."
Bender blows smoke in his face and he coughs. Bender chuckles then gasps as Hermes and Dwight enter via the window, still walking around on the bamboo boots.
Hermes says: "Don't mind us!"
The start to go off balance and one of the bamboo legs knocks Bender's cigar out of his hand. It spins through the air and sets fire to the tapestry. The flames quickly spread.
Nixon says: "The loot!"
Nixon says: "The loot!"
Nixon says: "The loot is on fire!"
Zapp says: "Leela, my precious rock tub."
Zapp says: "I'll save you!"
He runs towards her but gets caught in a Spiderian web.
Kif says: "Everyone!"
Kif says: "To the fire door!"
Leela says: "It's on fire!"
Farnsworth says: "We're trapped, my sweet hippopotamus!"
Amid the chaos Fry still finds time for a drink.
Fry says: "Coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee!"
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Insurrection."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Insurrection."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Insurrection."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Fry blows out the fire that has engulfed Leela's shoe, picks her up and carries her away."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Fry blows out the fire that has engulfed Leela's shoe, picks her up and carries her away."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Fry blows out the fire that has engulfed Leela's shoe, picks her up and carries her away."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Hermes and Dwight are in mid-fall."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Hermes and Dwight are in mid-fall."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Hermes and Dwight are in mid-fall."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Fry picks them up, throws them over his shoulder and carries them out."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Fry picks them up, throws them over his shoulder and carries them out."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Fry picks them up, throws them over his shoulder and carries them out."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "He carries a few more people out."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "He carries a few more people out."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "He carries a few more people out."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Kif is slowly blowing out the fire on Bender's burning arm."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Kif is slowly blowing out the fire on Bender's burning arm."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Kif is slowly blowing out the fire on Bender's burning arm."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "Fry squeezes his cheeks and the flames go away."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "Fry squeezes his cheeks and the flames go away."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "Fry squeezes his cheeks and the flames go away."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "He puts Bender, Kif and Amy onto the table with everyone else and wheels it out into the alley through the fire door."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "He puts Bender, Kif and Amy onto the table with everyone else and wheels it out into the alley through the fire door."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "He puts Bender, Kif and Amy onto the table with everyone else and wheels it out into the alley through the fire door."
[He drinks the rest of the jug says: "He picks up a fire extinguisher and quickly puts out the flames."
his heartbeat rapidly increases. The ticker at the bottom of the screen shows it is his 100th cup. He starts to move in a slowed-down bullet-time world à la The Matrix. He gazes around the room. A champagne cork slowly shoots out of the top of a bottle. Outside says: "He picks up a fire extinguisher and quickly puts out the flames."
the wings of a hummingbird beat slowly à la the hummingbird in Star Trek says: "He picks up a fire extinguisher and quickly puts out the flames."
[Cut to says: "Outside Museum of Natural History."
[Cut to says: "Everyone looks around."
Dwight says: "Where are we, Pops?"
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
April says: "What happened to the food?"
Leela says: "I think we were saved by a mysterious orange blur."
Zoidberg says: "Welcome, one and all."
Zoidberg says: "I finally figured out how money could make me happy."
Zoidberg says: "By using it to buy my hungry friends a feast."
Behind him the hobos cheer.
Dandy Jim says: "Everyone join us."
Dandy Jim says: "Oysters Rockefeller here has provided genuine turkey dogs!"
Whitey says: "Heck, you're never too rich to enjoy a free turkey dog."
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Turkey dog!"
April says: "I'll take four!"
Leela says: "Me too!"
Mom says: "Oh, what the hell."
Everyone sits down and eats. Zoidberg puts a pack of 36 Gobble Wieners on a barbecue.
Hermes says: "Here, Dwight."
Hermes says: "The boots only cost $299."
Hermes says: "99."
Hermes says: "You invest this penny like you wanted."
Dwight says: "Thanks, Dad."
Dwight says: "I'm gonna take this and buy five shares of Amazon."
Dwight says: "com."
Hermes says: "A risk-taker?"
Hermes says: "That's my boy!"
Poopenmeyer walks out of the building carrying Nixon's head.
Nixon says: "The entire surplus is gone!"
Nixon says: "Oh, what a McGovern I've been!"
Nixon says: "Why did I have to issue that crooked tax rebate?"
Leela says: "At least we got a few mildly interesting stories out of it."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Bender says: "Speaking of which, my story kinda petered out without me learning a lesson."
He laughs. Smitty and URL burst through a door.
Smitty says: "There he is!"
Bender panics. They grab him and bash him with their lightsabers.
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "Closure!"
Closing Credits.
Holo-Roseanne says: "This has been Roseanne, your guide to the world of facts."