[Opening Credits. Caption says: "For Proper Viewing, Take Red Pill Now."
[Scene says: "Central Park Lake."
[Scene says: "People enjoy themselves at the lake; sunbathing, barbecuing and fishing."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff are there."
[Scene says: "Hermes throws a frisbee."
Hermes says: "Go get it, boy!"
Zoidberg runs after it, catches it and eats it. Leela eats a sandwich and Fry kneels in front of her.
Fry says: "So, Leela, how about a romantic ride in one of those swan boats?"
Fry says: "They're kinda dangerous but I finally mastered them."
Leela says: "Those aren't swan boats, they're swans."
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "That explains these boat eggs."
He holds up some eggs. A shadow creeps over him and he gasps. It's a flying saucer. Crowds flee, screaming, as it lands by the lake.
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
A screaming man runs past Amy, who sunbathes topless, is briefly distracted by her, then carries on screaming. Amy sees the flying saucer and screams. A ramp comes down from the ship and a door opens. Nine basketball players walk out, dribbling basketballs. The leader, a man with an afro, steps forward.
Tate says: "Pitiful ballplayers of Earth, I am Ethan "Bubblegum" Tate, commander of the Harlem Globetrotters."
Tate says: "Will no one meet our challenge?"
Tate says: "Have none of you pathetic Earthlings game?"
Fry says: "What happens if we lose?"
Tate says: "Nothing."
Tate says: "There's nothing at stake and no threat, beyond the shame of defeat!"
A player passes him a basketball with Earth on it and he drops it into a bin. People gasp and Zoidberg holds Hermes back.
Farnsworth says: "This will not stand!"
Farnsworth says: "I'll take you on, you air-balling bozos."
Tate says: "You, old man?"
Tate says: "Sweet Clyde, laugh derisively at him."
Another player laughs.
Farnsworth says: "I may be an old man."
Farnsworth says: "In fact, I'm fairly sure I am."
Farnsworth says: "But I'll put you Globetrotters in your place with my team of mutant atomic supermen!"
The crowd cheers.
Hermes says: "Hooray, Professor!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth has gathered the staff in front of a big curtain."
Farnsworth says: "Behold: My mutant atomic supermen."
He draws back the curtain to reveal five little men in nappies in a hamster cage.
Leela says: "They're only a foot high, Professor."
Farnsworth says: "Well, they're still young."
Farnsworth says: "Mere atomic super boys, really."
Farnsworth says: "We'll need to speed up their growth with time particles called Chronitons."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "You're off to the Tempus Nebula to gather Chronitons."
[Scene says: "Tempus Nebula."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender are tethered to the ship and hold jars."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela wear space suits."
[Scene says: "Leela plucks a particle from the nebula and a hole starts to burn away where the particle was."
[Scene says: "She puts it in the jar."
[Scene says: "Bender lets them glide into his mouth, then he spits them into a jar."
Fry says: "Hey, Leela, look at me!"
He takes the valve out of his helmet and his head inflates. He puts it back in and it shrinks to normal size. He coughs.
Leela says: "Your face can take a lot of punishment."
Leela says: "That's good to know."
Fry says: "There's a lot about my face you don't know!"
Fry says: "Perhaps you and it could get better acquainted over dinner."
Leela says: "Alright!"
Leela says: "Cool your jets, hotshot."
Fry says: "C'mon, Leela, why won't you go out with me?"
Fry says: "We both know there's something there."
Leela says: "No, I mean cool your jets."
Leela says: "They're melting Bender's face."
Fry turns around and sees his jets turning Bender red-hot.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "The crew return from the nebula."
[Scene says: "Leela holds a large bottle of the particles."
Leela says: "Here you go."
Leela says: "Hot off the nebula."
Farnsworth says: "None too soon."
Farnsworth says: "While you were gone the Trotters held a news conference to announce that I was a jive sucker."
Farnsworth says: "Behold!"
Farnsworth says: "My invincible nuclear mutants."
Amy says: "Hi!"
Arachneon says: "Hello!"
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "The bleachers around the basketball court are packed."
[Scene says: "Marv Albert commentates."
Albert says: "Marv Albert here at Madison Cube Garden where the Harlem Globetrotters take on a squad of atomic supermen in what promises to be a by-the-numbers athletic contest with no surprises whatsoever."
Albert says: "Here's the tip-off."
Albert says: "Globetrotter ball."
Albert says: "Sweet Clyde Dixon to Bubblegum Tate."
Albert says: "Drives down-court-- And Curly Joe from the rear."
Curly Joe grabs Armo's ass. Zoidberg laughs.
Zoidberg says: "That one grabbed his behindus!"
Leela says: "Sh!"
Hermes says: "Quiet!"
Tate says: "Who dares laugh at the Jesters of Dunk?"
Tate says: "We came to terrify and humiliate you, not tickle your funnybones."
Tate says: "Watch as I embarrass your civilisation by passing the ball to Curly Joe."
Tate says: "And perhaps this will wipe the smiles from your faces."
He passes to another player and he throws it to the net.
Albert says: "Goosh goes up."
Albert says: "Yes!"
The crowd cheers.
Time Lapse.
Albert says: "Supermen lead 45-42."
Albert says: "Arachneon with the steal, to Thorias."
Albert says: "Thorias from downtown!"
Albert says: "Yes!"
Albert says: "He's really showing us what a man with a cannon in his chest can do!"
Farnsworth says: "No showboarding, you atomic hotdog!"
He weakly throws a chair and a buzzer goes.
Albert says: "And that's the half, with the Supermen up 48-42."
Albert says: "Surprisingly dull, so far."
Albert says: "Bubblegum, the Trotters are down by six."
Albert says: "Reactions?"
Tate says: "It was always our plan to trail at the half, thus deepening Earth's eventual humiliation."
Tate says: "Also, what game were the refs watching?"
Time Lapse. The referee throws the ball up. Curly Joe sits on the scoreboard with the ball, just out of reach of Grotrian. He laughs.
Albert says: "Curly Joe, easily amused by his own antics..."
Albert says: "..."
Everything flashes and the players suddenly change position. The ball is now spinning on Tate's finger.
Farnsworth says: "What the--  Did everything just jump around, or did my brain just stroke off there for a second?"
Albert says: "Ladies and gentlemen, something very strange has just happened in this basketball game between space clowns and atomic monsters."
Tate shrugs and throws the ball. Lazar shoots a laser beam at the ball and it bursts into flames. Everything jumps around again and the Armo finds himself flying through the air. He hits the back board and lands on the hoop. The crowd groans.
Farnsworth says: "Time-out!"
Farnsworth says: "Time-out!"
The referee blows the whistle.
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Bender shakes.
Farnsworth says: "We seem to be lurching forward randomly in time, like a needle skipping on a record player."
Amy says: "What's causing it?"
Amy says: "Is it my outfit?"
Farnsworth says: "No."
Farnsworth says: "It must have something to do with those time particles I used to grow the Supermen."
Farnsworth says: "Time and space are ripping apart at the seams."
The Supermen gasp. Thorias releases the ball from his cannon and it hits Arachneon and splats him.
Thorias says: "Oops!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, great!"
Farnsworth says: "Now, on top of everything, we need a new fifth man."
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Put me in, Professor."
Fry says: "I wanna show Leela my skills."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "Will said skills pay the bills?"
Fry says: "Who cares?"
Fry says: "We're 35 points ahead with two minutes left."
Time skips. Fry is standing in the middle of the court holding the ball. The crowd "boos" as Tate takes the ball and scores. The game ends.
Albert says: "Globetrotters win, 244-86."
Albert says: "A dark day for humanity, folks."
Albert says: "We have been beaten..."
Albert says: "in basketball."
The Globetrotters cheer and taunt Earth.
Curly Joe says: "Yeah, that's how we do it!"
'Sweet' Clyde says: "How's that?"
Tate says: "You are all fools of the highest calibre."
Everyone starts to leave.
Leela says: "I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again you screwed up."
Leela says: "Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas."
Hermes says: "I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day."
Farnsworth says: "Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes."
Farnsworth says: "We have bigger problems."
Farnsworth says: "This time disruption is extremely serious."
Tate says: "Damn right, brother man."
Tate says: "This chronological wang-dang-doodle could destroy the very matrix of reality."
Farnsworth says: "Tate?"
Farnsworth says: "What do you know about this?"
Tate says: "Not much, yet."
Tate says: "But I am senior lecturer of physics at Globetrotter U."
Tate says: "And I'd like to help you investigate."
Farnsworth says: "You're that Bubblegum Tate?"
Tate says: "Well I sure ain't his grandma."
Tate says: "Now look here, Prof."
Tate says: "I think we got ourselves an excess of Chronitons in the subatomic interstices."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, I see."
Farnsworth says: "Something involving that many big words could easily destabilise time itself."
Fry says: "Is that a problem?"
Farnsworth says: "Indeed so."
Farnsworth says: "At this rate, by Tuesday it will be Thursday; by Wednesday, it will be August; and by Thursday, it will be the end of existence as we know it."
Man says: "I'll have to ask you to clear out now."
Time skips and the Planet Express staff and the Globetrotters find themselves in the middle of a circus. An elephant trumpets and they scatter.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "The staff watch a news report."
Linda says: "Time continues to skip forward randomly."
Linda says: "Details at 11."
Time skips and it is already 11pm.
Linda says: "This is the news at 11."
Time skips.
Time skips.
Time skips. The picture of Wendy behind her has a "2984-3002" caption below it.
Linda says: "--found dead in her bathtub."
Farnsworth turns the TV off.
Farnsworth says: "Interesting."
Farnsworth says: "It's as if we behave normally during the time skips, but then we have no memory of it."
Time skips.
Farnsworth says: "My, yes."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh, just like that."
Farnsworth says: "Any luck, Bubblegum?"
In the corner of the room, Tate, wearing a lab coat, does some equations on a board.
Tate says: "Not yet."
Tate says: "Listen, I hope you don't mind if I dribble a little while I work."
Farnsworth says: "Not if you'll grant me the same liberty."
He wipes his mouth on his sleeve.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Bubblegum?"
Bender says: "My name's Bender and I'm a huge fan of your work, both on and off the court."
Bender says: "Can I be a Globetrotter?"
Tate says: "Shut up, turkey."
Bender sighs. Farnsworth swings something around.
Farnsworth says: "Bubblegum, look at this."
Farnsworth says: "The background time radiation is fluctuating wildly."
The needle on the "time flux meter" wobbles back and forth.
Tate says: "Good Lord!"
Tate says: "That sucker's shaking around like some fine, imported booty."
Hermes says: "Say, I'm no physicist, but I think I know how to stop the skipping."
Time skips. Hermes wears a funky shirt and plays a steel drum while the others have formed a nude conga line.
Hermes says: "I don't know how this was suppose to work."
Time skips. The lounge has streamers and balloons and banners around it in celebration of Amy's birthday. There is a cake on the coffee table and presents around it.
All says: "--ppy birthday, Amy."
Amy says: "Hooray!"
Amy says: "Look at all these presents!"
Time skips. Zoidberg sits alone in the empty lounge. There is a tiny cupcake on the table with a candle in it. He looks around.
Zoidberg says: "What?"
He sighs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry peeps around a door as Leela walks by."
Fry says: "Psst!"
Fry says: "Leela."
Fry says: "I've set up a time-proof shelter in the closet."
Fry says: "There's only room for two, and you're the one I wanna share it with."
Leela says: "Fry, that's so sweet."
Leela says: "Let me see."
[Cut to says: "Closet."
[Cut to says: "Leela looks inside."
[Cut to says: "There is a mattress in the corner, candles, a black light and a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice."
Leela says: "How exactly will this protect us from time jumps?"
Fry says: "Because when we're together in here, baby, time will stand still."
Time skips. Fry has a black eye and Leela has gone.
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg looks over a chess board."
Zoidberg says: "Hmm."
Zoidberg says: "Hmm."
He picks up a piece and eats it. Enter Leela.
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, can I talk to you about Fry?"
Zoidberg says: "Leela, I would be honoured."
He moves aside on the couch for her.
Time skips. Leela talks as Zoidberg watches TV, ignoring her.
Leela says: "--does the worst W."
Leela says: "C."
Leela says: "Fields imitation I've ever seen."
Leela says: "Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "Sorry, you must have been boring me."
He turns the TV off.
Leela says: "The thing is, Fry is very sweet, but he's so immature."
Leela says: "I love his boyish charm but I hate his childishness."
Zoidberg says: "So he's not perfect."
Zoidberg says: "You don't wanna end up old and lonely like Zoidberg!"
Zoidberg says: "You were saying?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sniffs around with the Smellescope."
[Scene says: "Tate and Bender are with him."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, there is it."
Farnsworth says: "The Tempus Nebula."
Farnsworth says: "Take a whiff through the Smellescope."
Tate puts his spinning ball on Farnsworth's head where it carries on spinning. He sniffs and recoils.
Tate says: "What's that funky jazz?"
Farnsworth says: "The odour of pure time leaking."
Farnsworth says: "When my crew removed the Chronitons, it destabilised the nebula, causing time skips throughout the universe."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Let Bubblegum tell it."
Tate walks over to a basket of basketballs.
Tate says: "Pretend these basketballs are time particles, my silver honky."
Tate says: "As the nebula bounce-passes them off us..."
Tate says: "..."
Tate says: "they cause these dents, or "time skips"."
Bender says: "You are so smart!"
Tate looks at a map.
Tate says: "Hold up."
Tate says: "What if we were to move this cluster of starts to these algebraic co-ordinates?"
Farnsworth says: "Their gravity might just divert the Chronitons to the empty side of the universe."
Tate says: "Yeah."
Tate says: "But is it possible?"
Tate says: "Moving stars would require one bad-ass gravity pump."
Time skips and Tate and Farnsworth find themselves in the Oval Office. Tate holds a "bad-ass gravity pump proposal".
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
They pick up a cheque for "all of Earth's money" that has been signed by Nixon's head.
Nixon says: "Here's the funding for your gravity pump."
Nixon says: "But it damn well better work!"
Nixon says: "We can't spend all of Earth's money every day."
Nixon says: "Now, how long will it take to build?"
Tate says: "It won't be easy, Nixon."
Time skips and Tate and Farnsworth are in a large warehouse.
Farnsworth says: "Ah, there we are."
Farnsworth says: "One gravity pump."
Farnsworth says: "Powerful enough to move the stars themselves."
Time skips. Farnsworth is in the Planet Express hangar watching the ship take off with the gravity pump attached to the roof.
Farnsworth says: "Off you go, apparently."
[Scene says: "The gravity pump pushes a star forward with some blue energy."
Tate says: "Easy, Leela."
Tate says: "Just finger-roll that star to the cosmic basket."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "Just a few..."
Leela says: "more..."
Leela says: "hundred..."
Leela says: "thousand..."
Leela says: "miles."
Leela says: "There!"
[Scene says: "The ship moves the star into place next to over ten others which have been placed around the nebula."
Tate says: "Nothing but nebula!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela waves the time flux meter around."
Leela says: "We'll have to run some tests back on Earth, but I think we've stopped the time skips."
Bender says: "Alright!"
Tate says: "Jamming!"
Fry says: "Hooray for Leela!"
Bender says: "And what better way to celebrate our success than by me showing Bubblegum the Globetrotter uniform I made myself!"
Tate says: "Let me see."
Tate says: "Hello, lawsuit!"
Fry says: "Leela, I want you to know I think the way you moved those stars around was really wonderful."
Fry says: "I got you something."
He opens a bottle of champagne and pours it into two glasses. Leela gasps.
Leela says: "Moderately-priced, domestic, non-vintage champagne?"
Leela says: "How did you know?"
Fry says: "You deserve it."
Fry says: "I mean, nobody ever stops to tell you what a great captain you are."
Leela says: "Aw!"
Leela says: "That is so true and sweet."
Fry says: "You're smart, you're beautiful, and best of all, you'll go out with me-e?"
Leela says: "Fry, please try to understand: You're a man, I'm a woman."
Leela says: "We're just too different."
Bender says: "Hey, Leela."
Bender says: "Bubblegum might let me organise a bake sale for the Globetrotter wives."
Bender says: "Can you teach me to make cupcakes?"
Leela says: "Alright, but I wanna lick the beaters."
She and Bender leave. Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I got her champagne, I opened it."
Fry says: "What does a guy have to do?"
Tate says: "86 the chump stuff, F-man."
Tate says: "It's time to win Leela's heart with a big-showy, three-point romantic gesture."
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "Maybe this is the moment to show her my real surprise."
He sits in the pilot's chair and moves the ship into gear. Leela walks in.
Leela says: "Fry, what are you doing?"
Tate says: "Uh-oh."
Tate says: "Time to boogie on down to the sauna!"
He leaves and Fry presses some buttons.
Fry says: "Look."
Fry says: "I've been studying how to pilot the ship."
Fry says: "Impressed?"
Leela says: "Yeah, actually."
Leela says: "You're doing OK."
Leela says: "The core reactor temperature's nominal, the blinker's off."
Fry says: "I learned how to work the gravity pump too."
Fry says: "In case we need to move more stars."
Fry says: "So, are we dating now?"
Leela groans.
Leela says: "Is that what this is all about?"
Leela says: "Please, just cut it out now."
Fry says: "Look, Leela."
Leela says: "Fry, stop."
Time skips. Leela wears a wedding dress and Fry wears a tuxedo. They are in the Temple of Robotology.
Preacherbot says: "--man and wife."
Preacherbot says: "You may kiss the bride."
Fry grins and kisses her. The other Planet Express staff and Tate throw confetti. Marv Albert is on a seat.
Albert says: "Yes!"
Time Lapse. The other Globetrotters and the remaining Supermen are at the wedding too. Amy cheers.
Zoidberg says: "He looks radiant!"
Time skips. Leela's bouquet is in Fry's mouth.
Farnsworth says: "Ye Gods, Bubblegum!"
Farnsworth says: "We failed."
Farnsworth says: "The time skips haven't stopped at all."
Tate says: "Even in these formal shorts, I feel like a failure."
Leela says: "You tricked me into marrying you, didn't you?"
Fry says: "Of course not."
Leela says: "How'd you do it?"
Leela says: "Drugs in the champagne?"
Leela says: "Hypnosis?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "Drugs are for losers and hypnosis is for losers with big, weird eyebrows."
Fry says: "I don't know what amazing thing I did you make you love me but, whatever it was, we're married now."
Time skips. Leela and Fry stand before Judge Whitey in the court.
Whitey says: "Divorce is final."
He bangs his gavel.
Fry says: "What?"
Leela says: "Well, let's divide up the china."
Leela says: "I guess I'll take the NFC helmets and you can have the AFC helmets."
Fry says: "Fine."
Fry says: "Break my heart again."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry sits at the conference table and Amy, Hermes, Bender, Zoidberg and Tate are with him."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg puts his claw on Fry."
Zoidberg says: "Don't be so hard on yourself, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "You lost the woman of your dreams but you still have Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "You all still have Zoidberg."
Fry says: "How did I do it?"
Fry says: "How did I get Leela to love me?"
Fry says: "I've got to figure it out."
Hermes says: "Maybe you're just a fantastic lover, Fry."
Amy says: "Um, no."
Fry says: "I don't know what I'm doing."
Bender says: "Maybe she'd come back to you if your best friend Bender were a Globetrotter."
Bender says: "What do you say, Bubblegum?"
Tate says: "Hell, no."
Bender groans and Fry sighs.
Fry says: "Oh, it's hopeless."
Fry says: "I did something so great that it won Leela's heart and I'll never, ever know what it was."
Fry says: "My life is empty."
He sniffs.
Zoidberg says: "Zoidberg!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Tate look over Tate's equations."
Farnsworth says: "No wonder we failed to stop the time skips."
Farnsworth says: "Diverting Chronitons is mathematically impossible."
Farnsworth says: "I knew I should have checked your show-boating Globetrotter algebra."
Tate says: "Man, I thought you knew that algebra was all razz-ma-tazz."
Tate says: "A Globetrotter always saves the good algebra for the final minutes."
Bender laughs.
Bender says: "Vintage Bubblegum!"
Farnsworth says: "The time skips are worse than ever now."
Farnsworth says: "Isolated spots are jumping by years at a time."
Farnsworth says: "Look."
They look through the window.
[Cut to says: "Outside Social Security Office."
[Cut to says: "Two boys watch an old man walk out."
Boy says: "Stupid senior citizens."
Boy says: "Why should we have to pay for their social security benefits?"
Time skips and the kids turn into old men.
Old Man says: "I deserve free money!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
Farnsworth says: "Well, I'm stumped."
Time skips and the other Globetrotters appear behind them.
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps we could explode the whole damned nebula."
Farnsworth says: "What do you think, Curly Joe?"
Curly Joe says: "No, man."
Curly Joe says: "An explosion big enough to destroy that mama would take out half the universe."
Sweet Clyde says: "You gotta Globetrotter that explosion up a little, Farnsy."
Sweet Clyde says: "Make it an implosion."
Farnsworth says: "By God, Sweet Clyde is right."
Farnsworth says: "An implosion might just form a black hole that would stop more Chronitons from escaping."
Tate says: "Whoa."
Tate says: "Slow that brain train down, Prof."
Tate says: "We'd need some kind of doomsday device to initiate an implosion like that."
Farnsworth says: "Doomsday device?"
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Now the ball's in Farnsworth's court!"
Farnsworth says: "I suppose I could part with one and still be feared."
Tate says: "Give me some skin, Prof."
Tate says: "I'm making you an honorary Globetrotter."
Tate says: "In fact, everybody in this room's an honorary Globetrotter."
Amy says: "Hooray!"
Hermes says: "Yes!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm a Globetrotter!"
Bender runs in.
Tate says: "Too late, hot plate."
Bender says: "Oh, crap."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Two Globetrotters attach a doomsday device to a mechanism and it rises into the cargo bay."
[Scene says: "The other Globetrotters shake hands with the Planet Express staff."
Tate says: "We must leave now, for we are needed elsewhere."
Tate says: "But we wish you Godspeed."
They leave, dribbling their balls. Bender stops Tate.
Bender says: "Please, please let me come with you."
Bender says: "I can make myself taller."
He stretches his legs.
Tate says: "Bender, you can talk trash, you can handle the ball."
Tate says: "But look in your heart and ask yourself: Are you funky enough to be a Globetrotter?"
Tate says: "Are you?"
Bender says: "Yes."
Tate says: "Are you?"
Tate says: "Are you?"
Bender says: "No."
Tate says: "Deal with it."
He leaves and Bender returns to his normal size and begins to cry.
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the nebula and Bender emerges from the starboard torpedo tube holding the doomsday device."
[Scene says: "He is tethered to the ship and wearing a jet pack."
[Scene says: "The tether jerks and Bender lets go of the doomsday device."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "No!"
He quickly grabs it again.
Leela says: "Careful with that doomsday device, Bender."
Bender says: "What does it matter?"
Bender says: "I'll never be a Globetrotter."
Bender says: "My life, and, by extension, everyone else's, is meaningless."
Leela says: "Roger."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "She turns the radio off."
Fry says: "Leela, about the wedding."
Fry says: "I don't know what I did to make you love me, and I don't think I tricked you into it, but maybe I did."
Fry says: "And if I did, I'm sorry."
Leela says: "It's OK, Fry."
Leela says: "You know we'll always be friends, right?"
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "But I don't guess anything I could do will ever make you feel the same way about me that I do about you."
Leela says: "I guess not."
She takes his hand, kisses him on the cheek and walks away. Bender walks in, dusting his hands.
Bender says: "Well, the doomsday device is ready."
Bender says: "Maybe blasting this quadrant of space into a hell storm of flaming nothingness will cheer me up a little."
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "Let me just take the ship out to a safe distance."
Leela says: "Actually, I think I'll go down and prep the detonator."
Leela says: "Fry, why don't you take the helm?"
Fry smiles and sits in the chair. She leaves.
Fry says: "She's so great."
Fry says: "I feel like I can almost remember the magical thing I did to make her love me."
Fry says: "But I guess I never will."
Bender says: "Sorry, buddy."
Bender says: "I too know what it's like to have a dream I'll never achieve."
He walks out, slowly whistling the Globetrotter tune. Fry presses some buttons.
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from the nebula."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry looks through the window."
Fry says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "That's how I must have done it!"
Fry says: "I moved the stars themselves to write her a love note in the sky."
Leela says: "Detonation in three, two, one."
Fry says: "Did you see it?"
Fry says: "Did you see it?"
Bender says: "The explosion?"
Fry says: "No, not the explosion!"
Leela says: "Then what?"
Fry hesitates and lowers his head.
Fry says: "Nothing."
Bender whistles Sweet Georgia Brown again as Fry looks back through the window at the black hole.
Closing Credits.