[Opening Credits. Caption says: "From the network that brought you "The Simpsons"."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "An advertisement plays on TV."
[Scene says: "A plumber-bot reaches down a toilet with his arm and a jingle plays."
Singer says: "Call Robo-Rooter when you flush your towel."
Plumber-bot says: "And we can also help with an impacted bowel."
He whirrs his hand around.
Singer says: "Robo-Rooter!"
Fry and Bender sit on the couch. Bender drinks beer while Fry eats something.
Fry says: "Mmm."
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Fry says: "Now this is what I call a thousand years of progress: A Bavarian cream dog that's also self-microwaving!"
He presses a button on the side of the cream dog and it microwaves itself, as well as Fry's face, which is left with black scorch marks. He takes another bite. Bender tips his empty bottle upside-down.
Bender says: "Aw, jeez."
Bender says: "Let's just pray I have the energy to get myself another beer."
Bender says: "Oh, what is this, the Middle Ages?"
He just about manages to move under the stream of beer. Enter Amy and Leela in gym gear.
Leela says: "Look at you guys."
Leela says: "No offence, Fry, but you've become a fat sack of crap."
Fry licks some cream off his finger.
Fry says: "Sack?"
Amy says: "And, Bender, your beer belly's so big your door won't even close."
Amy says: "And that doesn't even make sense."
Leela says: "Come on."
Leela says: "We're taking you pigs to the gym."
Enter Zoidberg wearing a vest and sweatbands around his head and wrists.
Zoidberg says: "The gymnasium?"
Zoidberg says: "Excellent, excellent."
Zoidberg says: "For some reason I'm frisky as a squid on Tuesday."
He clacks his claws.
[Scene says: "Outside NNY Dumbbell Club."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Bender, Amy and Zoidberg walk into the gym."
[Scene says: "A sign in a gym window advertises "New - Windowless Rooms For Ugly Exercisers"."
[Cut to says: "NNY Dumbbell Club."
[Cut to says: "They pass gym patrons, including a six-legged alien on a running machine, a woman using a Kegelcizer and a punch bag with arms and gloves that repeatedly punches Larry in the stomach."
Amy says: "Hey, who's up for a nice, hot steam?"
Zoidberg shakes his head.
Zoidberg says: "We crustaceans don't like steam."
Zoidberg says: "I'm going to go work out with the Nautilus!"
A nautilus appears behind him with a basketball.
Nautilus says: "What up, Dr."
Nautilus says: "Z?"
Zoidberg says: "Yo, yo, yo!"
Zoidberg says: "Whassup, whassup!"
Zoidberg says: "Give up the rock!"
The Nautilus passes the ball and Zoidberg runs off chuckling.
[Scene says: "NNY Dumbbell Club Steam Room."
[Scene says: "Leela, Amy and Fry relax in the steam."
Fry says: "Co-ed steam rooms!"
Fry says: "I love the future!"
Leela says: "Uh, Fry, you're in the women's steam room."
Fry says: "Ah, futuristic!"
Amy says: "Psst, look what life was like before genetic engineering."
Leela says: "Those poor 20th century women."
Fry crosses his legs, embarrassed.
[Scene says: "Outside Steam Room."
[Scene says: "Amy walks out of the steam room with a towel wrapped around her and sees a man in a steam machine."
Amy says: "Hey, handsome."
Amy says: "Is there room in there for two?"
The man snorts.
Man says: "You wish!"
The machine opens, revealing that the man has a large gut that has been forced into the shape of the machine. He gets out of the machine and his gut falls back into its natural shape. Amy shudders.
[Scene says: "NNY Dumbbell Club Weight Room."
[Scene says: "Fry lifts weights."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Fry says: "Hey, Leela, look who's the super-stud!"
Leela says: "Hmm, somebody must have turned down the gravity."
Leela says: "I'll fix it for you."
She turns the Gravistat from "Lo" to "Norm". Fry drops the weights on his neck and starts to choke. Enter Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Give me that."
Zoidberg says: "More weight!"
Leela and Bender put some more weights on the end. A fin comes out of the top of Zoidberg's head like The Creature From The Black Lagoon.
Fry says: "Hey, Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg, what's that jazz on your head?"
Zoidberg says: "Enough with the questions."
Zoidberg says: "More weight!"
Zoidberg says: "More!"
He growls and his pupils dilate and contract.
Leela says: "Maybe you could do more reps with less weight."
Zoidberg growls and cuts the dumbbell. Amy and Fry scream and fall to the ground.
Bender says: "Hey, looks like Zoidberg's finally coming out of his shell."
Zoidberg gets up and knocks Bender over then runs rampage around the room, knocking over equipment and people.
[Cut to says: "NNY Dumbbell Club Bike Room."
[Cut to says: "People calmly pedal on the exercise bikes."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg runs in, growling and they pedal faster but don't go anywhere."
[Cut to says: "NNY Dumbbell Club Pregnercise Pool."
[Cut to says: "Randy leads a session in the pool full of pregnant women."
Randy says: "Nice and gentle, we don't want any unnecessary stress."
Randy says: "Is there a doctor in the gym?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm a doctor!"
Randy trembles and four more women give birth.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg sits on the lab table with his claws bound."
[Scene says: "The rest of the staff stand around him."
Leela says: "I wonder why Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg is acting this way."
Leela says: "Out of all of us he always seemed the most normal."
Zoidberg says: "I am normal."
Zoidberg says: "Amy, take off these rubber bands and I'll show you how normal I am!"
Amy's clothes have been ripped to shreds and her hair is a mess.
Amy says: "Fool me seven times, shame on you."
Amy says: "Fool me eight or more times, shame on me."
Fry says: "Maybe he has a parasite."
Hermes says: "Maybe he is a parasite!"
Bender says: "It's always so sad when a friend goes crazy and you have to have a big clam-bake and cook him!"
Bender says: "Yee-haw!"
He puts his chef hat on. Farnsworth walks past with a syringe.
Farnsworth says: "Now, now, this won't do."
Farnsworth says: "Let me just give old Zoidy a sedative."
He tries to poke the syringe needle into Zoidberg but it just breaks on his shell.
Zoidberg says: "Ah, much better."
Zoidberg says: "You can take off these rubber bands now."
Amy says: "I'll do it."
Leela says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "No, Amy!"
Bender says: "Moron!"
Farnsworth puts a stethoscope on Zoidberg's head.
Farnsworth says: "Mm-hm..."
Farnsworth says: "Aha!"
Farnsworth says: "There's the problem."
Zoidberg says: "Give it to me straight, Professor."
Zoidberg says: "Is it fin rot?"
Zoidberg says: "It's fin rot, isn't it?"
Zoidberg says: "Tell me it's not fin rot!"
Farnsworth says: "Relax, my chiton-y chum."
Farnsworth says: "There's no problem."
Farnsworth says: "You're just heavy with male jelly."
Leela says: "Bleck!"
Farnsworth says: "It must be mating season for Zoidberg's people; a chaotic time when his behaviour is dictated by the tiny brain in his rump."
Fry says: "Eck!"
Bender says: "I'll get the water boiling!"
He starts to leave, now wearing an apron with a lobster on it as well as his hat.
Farnsworth says: "We, by which I mean you, will have to rush him to his ancient homeworld which will shortly erupt in an orgy of invertebrate sex."
Fry says: "Oh, baby, I'm there!"
Leela says: "Fry, do you even understand the word "invertebrate"?"
Fry says: "Nope, but that's not the word I'm interested in."
Fry says: "Uh, no need to pack pants, people."
Fry says: "Let's roll!"
Amy says: "Dr."
Amy says: "Zoidberg said I should hold these while he's gone."
She holds up the rubber bands. The staff stare at her, gobsmacked. Bender slaps his head in disbelief.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg growls and the others scream."
Bender says: "Moron!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies down to the sandy world of Decapod 10."
[Scene says: "Most of the surface of the planet is water, with a few sandy island dotted here and there."
[Scene says: "The buildings are made of sand."
[Cut to says: "Decapod 10 Planetary Spaceport."
[Cut to says: "The landing gear extends and it skids along the sandy runway until it comes to a stop in a parking space."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Leela, Bender and Zoidberg walk out and are greeted by a Decapod man standing underneath a banner that says "Welcome Maters!"
[Cut to says: "" The man puts a garland over Zoidberg, whose fin has disappeared."
Decapodian Man #1 says: "Welcome home, old friend."
Decapodian Man #1 says: "Just 19 hours until the mating frenzy!"
He points to a giant water clock that slowly fills with water.
Zoidberg says: "Excellent, excellent!"
He says something in the Decapodian language.
Fry says: "Is that how you say "Zoidberg"?"
The man runs off crying.
Zoidberg says: "You didn't have to call attention to his speech impediment."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg's Car."
[Scene says: "Fry and Zoidberg sit in the front and Bender and Leela in the back."
Bender says: "You're looking less nuts, crabby."
Zoidberg says: "I'm feeling less nuts, thank you, because tomorrow I will be depositing my jelly in the cloacal vents of a female."
Zoidberg says: "If you catch my drift."
Fry says: "Who's the lucky lobsterina?"
Zoidberg says: "I don't know yet."
Zoidberg says: "But I shall attract one this afternoon with an erotic display."
Leela says: "It's amazing that your people can fall in love so fast."
Zoidberg says: "Love?"
Zoidberg says: "That word is unknown here."
Zoidberg says: "I'm simply looking for a female swollen with eggs to accept my genetic material."
Fry says: "You and me both, brother!"
Zoidberg says: "Ah, my old scuttling grounds!"
Zoidberg says: "Let's pull over."
He pulls over. Rather than a normal hover car, he is driving a car with 10 legs along the sides.
[Scene says: "Decapod 10 Surface."
[Scene says: "They look into a rock pool."
Zoidberg says: "I used to hang out here as a larva."
Zoidberg says: "It looked so much bigger back then."
Zoidberg says: "Who's the tough guy now, Vinnie?"
He eats it.
[Scene says: "Claw-Plach Arena."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg, Fry, Bender and Leela look into an arena where spectators watch two Decapodians fighting."
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "Outdoor theatre!"
Bender says: "Let's get tickets."
Bender says: "Oh, let's do!"
Zoidberg says: "No, it's the ceremony of Claw-Plach, where my species fight to the death over matters of honour."
Zoidberg says: "Also whether abbreviations count in Scrabble."
Zoidberg says: "They don't!"
Fry says: "I didn't come here to see any activity involving two guys."
Fry says: "Where do you people do your erotic display?"
Zoidberg says: "Same place as your species: The beach."
[Scene says: "Decapod 10 Beach."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender lie on sunbeds."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg comes out of a male changing room wearing a grass skirt and a shell necklace."
Zoidberg says: "How do I look?"
Bender says: "Like whale barf."
Zoidberg says: "Then the illusion is complete."
He walks off, clacking his claws.
Fry says: "Hey, I wonder if these guys are here to watch the erotic display too."
He points at a group of Decapodians with cameras and binoculars.
Decapodian Man #2 says: "Aw, yeah!"
Decapodian Man #2 says: "Aw, wow!"
Zoidberg puts a shell on a mound of sand.
Zoidberg says: "Perfect!"
Zoidberg says: "This oughta make me stand out."
Zoidberg says: "Craw!"
Other men "craw" on the beach and women take interest. Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "Look how ridiculous they look."
Bender says: "Please, he's no different from the rest of you organisms; shooting DNA at each other make babies."
Bender says: "I find it offensive."
Another woman passes Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Craw!"
Decapodian Woman #1 says: "Keep your jelly away from my eggs!"
She walks off and another woman who sounds like Amy replaces her.
Zoidberg says: "Craw?"
Decapodian Woman #2 says: "So not interested."
She walks off and a third woman approaches Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Craw!"
Decapodian Woman #3 says: "Humph."
Decapodian Woman #3 says: "I've heard that line before!"
Zoidberg sighs.
Time Lapse. The sun is setting and the other Decapodian men hold their mates in their arms along the beach. Zoidberg doesn't.
Zoidberg says: "Cra-- Oh, what's the point?"
His fin goes back into his head and he sits down on the mound. Fry, Leela and Bender watch.
Leela says: "Why is Zoidberg the only one still alone?"
Bender says: "'Cause he's a loser, that's why."
Bender says: "He's the lobster equivalent of Fry."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "I can get any girl I want anytime I want."
Fry says: "I'm just too busy."
He plays with a yo-yo and the string gets tangled. He snarls and starts to untie it. Zoidberg sees another woman and his fin goes up again.
Zoidberg says: "Edna?"
Zoidberg says: "Edna, it's me, Zoidberg."
Zoidberg says: "Remember, from high school?"
Zoidberg says: "You used to laugh at me because my face was covered with barnacles!"
Edna gasps.
Edna says: "Zoidberg?"
Edna says: "Well I didn't know you were back in town."
Edna says: "I heard you went off and became a rich doctor."
Zoidberg says: "I've performed a few mercy killings."
Zoidberg says: "So, as long as I'm in town I was wondering if maybe..."
Zoidberg says: "craw?"
Edna says: "Oh, gee, yeah, I'm just going through a lot of things right now and-- Look, Zoidberg, I carry more eggs than any other female and I owe it to our race to pick a mate who's stuffed with male jelly."
Edna says: "Maybe a rock star."
Zoidberg says: "Or maybe a doctor?"
Edna says: "I'm sorry, Zoidberg."
Edna says: "You're just an inferior male specimen."
Edna says: "Nice seeing you again."
She leaves. Zoidberg's fin goes down and he sits down and sobs.
[Scene says: "Ships Mess."
[Scene says: "Later that night, Zoidberg sits at the table and the others stand around."
Zoidberg says: "No one will ever want to mate with me, not with a puny claw like this."
Zoidberg says: "Did you see those other guys?"
Zoidberg says: "They looked like giant claws with bodies attached."
Leela says: "At least you didn't smell as bad as them."
Zoidberg says: "You're right, my stink gland is weak."
Zoidberg says: "Smell!"
He forces her face into his armpit and she struggles and gags.
Fry says: "Listen, Doc, if you wanna score you gotta fake like you're in love."
Fry says: ""I've never been so happy."
Leela takes her hand away and scoffs.
Leela says: "If a guy ever did that to me I'd know it."
Leela says: "Wait a second."
Leela says: "They've all been doing that to me."
Leela says: "Even Sean!"
She bursts into tears and runs out of the room.
Zoidberg says: "Hmm, this "love" intrigues me."
Zoidberg says: "Teach me to fake it."
[Scene says: "Ships Rec Room."
[Scene says: "Fry has set up the room to look like a classroom."
[Scene says: "On a board at the front he has written "First Date: Champagne, Flowers, Lame Conversation"."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg sits at a desk ready to learn."
Fry says: "OK, you're on a date."
Fry says: "What's the first thing you do?"
Zoidberg says: "Ask her to mate with me."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Tell her she's special."
Zoidberg says: "But she's not."
Zoidberg says: "She's merely the female with the largest clutch of eggs."
Fry says: "Well, tell her that."
Fry says: "And then?"
Zoidberg says: "Then mating."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Make up some feelings and tell her you have them."
Fry says: "Yes?"
Zoidberg says: "Is "desire to mate" a feeling?"
Fry says: "You're not even trying!"
Zoidberg buries his head in his claws and groans.
Zoidberg says: "It's all so complicated with the flowers and the romance and the lies upon lies."
Fry says: "OK, OK, don't worry."
Fry says: "The love meister will take you under his wing."
Zoidberg says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "Now there's a bird involved?"
[Scene says: "Outside Edna's Apartment Building."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg stands outside the sand building and Fry hides under a giant shell with his back to the building."
Fry says: "OK, go ahead."
Zoidberg throws an octopus at Edna's French window. She opens it and walks out onto the balcony.
Edna says: "What the-- Dr."
Edna says: "Zoidberg, your mating display failed."
Edna says: "Why are you trying to talk to me?"
Zoidberg shrugs.
Zoidberg says: "I have no idea."
Fry says: "You just wanna talk, it has nothing to do with mating."
Zoidberg says: "Fry, that doesn't make sense."
Edna says: "Dr."
Edna says: "Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense."
Edna says: "But OK."
Fry says: "Start with a compliment."
Fry says: "Tell her she looks thin."
Zoidberg says: "You seem malnourished."
Zoidberg says: "Are you suffering from internal parasites?"
Edna says: "Why, yes."
Edna says: "Thanks for noticing."
Fry says: "Now ask her how her day was."
Zoidberg says: "Why would I wanna know?"
Fry says: "You wouldn't."
Fry says: "Ask anyway."
Zoidberg says: "How was your day?"
Edna says: "Well first I got up and had a piece of toast."
Edna says: "Then I brushed my teeth."
Edna says: "Then I went to the store to buy some fish."
Edna says: "Then..."
Zoidberg says: "Fry, look what you did, she won't shut up."
Fry says: "That's normal."
Fry says: "Just nod your head and say "Uh-huh"."
Zoidberg says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh."
Edna says: "..."
Edna says: "And then you threw an octopus at my window."
Edna says: "You know, Zoidberg, it's crazy but when you talk this way your obvious deficiencies as a male seem..."
Edna says: "less obvious."
Edna says: "Your genes seem less detrimental."
Edna says: "You even stink more."
Zoidberg looks at Fry.
Zoidberg says: "Do I ask her to mate now?"
Fry says: "Third date!"
[Scene says: "Red Primate."
[Scene says: "At the restaurant that is "For The Land Food Lover In You", Zoidberg and Edna date and are joined by Fry, Leela and Bender."
[Scene says: "They sit around a table."
[Scene says: "Other Decapodians eat at other tables."
[Scene says: "Bender finishes a story."
Bender says: "So I returned his artificial heart and ever since then I've been known by the name of Honest Bender."
Everyone laughs and Fry slips Zoidberg a piece of paper.
Zoidberg says: "I'd like to propose a toast to..."
Zoidberg says: "coat check number 84."
He raises his glass.
Fry says: "Turn it over."
Zoidberg says: "Oh, Edna!"
Zoidberg says: "Of all the slimy, gross crab monsters on this planet, you are apparently the hottest."
He raises his glass again. Edna, Leela and Bender glare at him.
Bender says: "Oy."
Fry says: "That's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard."
Edna says: "Yes, well..."
Edna says: "excuse me, I've got to powder my mouth flaps."
She gets up and leaves. Zoidberg sighs.
Leela says: "Uh, me too."
She runs after Edna.
Zoidberg says: "I'm confused, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "I'm feeling a strange new emotion."
Zoidberg says: "Is it love when you care about a female for reasons beyond mating?"
Fry says: "Nope."
Fry says: "Must be some weird alien emotion."
[Scene says: "Red Primate Women's Room."
[Scene says: "Edna powders her mouth flaps."
Leela says: "Zoidberg said some dumb stuff but he's a nice guy, really."
Leela says: "It's just that Fry's been telling him what to say and Fry's a..."
Leela says: "do you have idiots on your planet?"
Edna says: "Fry?"
Edna says: "You mean words of such beauty came from the blowhole of that hideous alien?"
Leela says: "Yeah..."
Leela says: "what?"
Leela says: "Look, never mind the words."
Leela says: "Zoidberg's a doctor."
Leela says: "A doctor, honey."
Edna says: "Hmm."
[Scene says: "Edna's Apartment Building Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry stands outside her door and reads a message on a fish."
[Scene says: ""Fry - Let's discuss Zoidberg - Edna."
[Scene says: "" He drops the fish and it wriggles back into the water."
[Scene says: "Fry rings the doorbell which sounds like a sonar beep."
Edna says: "Come in."
She growls sexfully.
[Cut to says: "Edna's Apartment."
[Cut to says: "Fry walks in and looks around."
[Cut to says: "The room is decorated like a fish tank."
[Cut to says: "Edna pulls open some curtains and walks towards Fry."
[Cut to says: "She is dressed in a dark blue teddy and fishnet tights."
Edna says: "Hello, Fry."
Edna says: "Can I interest you in some surf and turf?"
Fry says: "No thanks."
Fry says: "I just came to tell you that Zoidberg's really great."
Fry says: "He's got male jelly coming out the wazoo."
Edna says: "Well that is where it comes out but jelly isn't everything."
Edna says: "I know Zoidberg's magical words were really yours."
Edna says: "Teach me to love you, squishy poet from beyond the stars!"
She runs towards him and he ducks behind the chair. She edges towards him and he moves around the chair.
Fry says: "Uh, I'm flattered, really."
Fry says: "If I was gonna do it with a big, freaky mud bug you'd be way up the list!"
Edna says: "Hush, you romantic fool!"
Edna says: "Engage your mandibles and kiss me!"
She dives on him and they land on a couch. Her mouth flaps snake around Fry's head and she kisses him. Fry struggles to get away. Enter a smartly-dressed Zoidberg carrying flowers and champagne.
Zoidberg says: "Edna, I couldn't stand it any longer."
Zoidberg says: "I--  Fry!"
His claws clip the bottle neck and it falls to the floor and breaks.
Fry says: "Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg, it's not how it looks."
Zoidberg says: "Her caviar is on your neck!"
Edna says: "Oh, it's true, Zoidberg."
Edna says: "We can't hide it any longer."
Edna says: "Fry and I have fallen in love and we're going to mate tomorrow."
Fry says: "What?"
Zoidberg says: "I challenge you to Claw-Plach!"
He clacks his claws.
Fry says: "English, please?"
Zoidberg says: "A fight to the death."
He clacks his claws again.
Edna says: "And if you survive, we'll make sweet love!"
She clacks her claws. Fry pulls at his hair and screams.
[Scene says: "Decapod 10 Surface."
[Scene says: "Decapodian guards hold Fry in chains and march him to the Decapodian Emperor's throne."
[Scene says: "Bender and Leela watch."
Decapodian Emperor says: "The law is clear."
Decapodian Emperor says: "Fry and Zoidberg shall fight to the death for the claw of the beautiful Edna."
Fry says: "But I don't want her!"
Decapodian Emperor says: "Once invoked, the sacred tradition of Claw-Plach can not be taken back."
Decapodian Emperor says: "It is a recent tradition, only 18 years old, but it is a tradition none the less."
[Scene says: "Claw-Plach Arena."
[Scene says: "Decapodians have filled the amphitheatre to watch the fight."
[Scene says: "A Decapodian child waves a big foam claw."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg walks into the arena and the crowd cheers."
[Scene says: "The soldiers throw Fry in and Zoidberg moves towards him with his claws at the ready."
Zoidberg says: "Get ready, Fry."
Zoidberg says: "I'm going to rip your swim bladder out and show it to you."
Leela leans over the edge of the bleachers.
Leela says: "Dr."
Leela says: "Zoidberg, this is madness."
Leela says: "You're being irrational."
Zoidberg says: "Of course I'm being irrational!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm in love!"
Leela says: "Aww."
Fry says: "Leela!"
Leela says: "Right, right."
Leela says: "You have to stop this madness."
Decapodian Emperor says: "Listen, lady, as you can plainly see I'm a highly desirable male, groaning with jelly."
Decapodian Emperor says: "Yet I embrace a life of celibacy in order to uphold our crazy traditions."
Decapodian Emperor says: "One of your friends must die."
Bender says: "Fate is cruel and unyielding and what must be must be."
Bender says: "Takin' all bets!"
Bender says: "I'm giving 9-2 on Zoidberg, the crab with the jab!"
Bender says: "The Great Red Hope!"
Bender says: "Come on, baby!"
Spectators wave their money at Bender. Zoidberg takes Fry aside.
Zoidberg says: "Fry, it's been years since medical school so remind me."
Zoidberg says: "Disembowelling in your species: Fatal or non-fatal?"
Fry says: "Fatal."
Zoidberg holds some cash up to Bender.
Zoidberg says: "Large bet on myself in round one!"
Edna stands by the Emperor.
Decapodian Emperor says: "Edna, have you anything to say before begins the Claw-Plach?"
Edna says: "I do."
Edna says: "I just want to say that today I got up and I had a piece of toast."
Fry says: "Shut up!"
Edna says: "I love you, Fry!"
Zoidberg growls and reaches his claws out to Fry. Guards restrain him.
Decapodian Emperor says: "Fry, having guessed what animal I was thinking of, you shall have first choice of weapon."
Decapodian Emperor says: "And you, doctor?"
Zoidberg says: "I choose my own claws!"
Zoidberg says: "I want the tactile pleasure of chopping him right here in the gonads!"
He points at Fry's neck.
Fry says: "Shh!"
Fry says: "Nobody correct him!"
Bender leans over the bleachers.
Bender says: "Fry, I've never asked you for anything before but, if it's not too much trouble, when it comes to the ninth round just let him win."
Fry says: "But it's a fight to the death!"
Bender says: "Oh, so this is suddenly all about you."
Bender says: "Sheesh!"
He storms off.
Decapodian Emperor says: "Please rise for the national anthem."
Decapodians hold their hands to their hearts and a woman plays the incidental music from the Star Trek episode Amok Time on an organ.
Fry says: "Uh-oh."
Decapodian Emperor says: "Let Claw-Plach begin!"
Fry and Zoidberg circle each other. Zoidberg spins his claws around and Fry does the same with his nutcrackers and whacks himself in the eye. Zoidberg scratches a "Z" in Fry's shirt à la The Mark of Zorro then scratches "DR" above it. Fry squeals and backs away. A bright light shines in his eye. He squints and tries to avoid it.
Fry says: "Hey!"
In the bleachers, Bender reflects the sunlight off his arm and into Fry's face. He chuckles. Leela slaps him.
Bender says: "Ow!"
In the arena Zoidberg dives at Fry and Fry dodges. Zoidberg lands in the mud and Fry chuckles. Zoidberg stands on his hands, kicks off his sandals and chases Fry, clacking at him with his foot claws. The crowd cheers.
Leela says: "Come on, Fry!"
Leela says: "Die with dignity!"
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "Oops!"
He grabs Zoidberg around the neck with the nutcrackers and Zoidberg grabs Fry's neck with his claws locking the two together in a struggle.
Edna says: "Nooo!"
Edna says: "I can't stand to look."
Zoidberg looks up at her.
Zoidberg says: "Huh?"
Fry dodges his grasp and gains the upper hand by grabbing him from behind with the nutcrackers and bringing him to his knees. The crowd gasps.
Bender says: "Psst, Fry."
Bender says: "Take a dive."
Fry grins and tightens the nutcrackers. Sweat pours down Zoidberg's face and the crowd chants.
Crowd says: "Claw-Plach!"
Crowd says: "Claw-Plach!"
The crowd gasps.
Fry says: "My fellow fish monsters, far be it for me to question your stupid civilisation or its dumb customs, but is squeezing each other's brains out with a giant nutcracker really going to solve anything?"
Fry says: "Dr."
Fry says: "Zoidberg is my friend, and though a woman has come between us, I say we'll always remain friends."
Fry says: "And you know why?"
Fry says: "You bastard!"
Fry says: "I'll kill you!"
Fry says: "You bastard!"
He picks up his dismembered arm and beats Zoidberg around the head with it. Zoidberg kicks him away and starts to choke him.
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "Stop!"
Leela says: "Everyone is gone."
Zoidberg looks around the empty arena.
Zoidberg says: "Edna?"
Zoidberg says: "Honey?"
[Cut to says: "Decapod 10 Beach."
[Cut to says: "The mating frenzy meter has filled with water."
[Cut to says: "Claw-Plach Arena."
[Cut to says: "They hear the craws of Decapodians."
[Cut to says: "Decapod 10 Beach."
[Cut to says: "They run to the beach and gasp."
Zoidberg says: "Edna?"
Edna and the Emperor hold claws. They scuttle into the water along with thousands of other Decapodians. They all disappear underwater and the sea fills with a green slime.
Leela says: "Ew!"
Bender says: "Oh, my God!"
Zoidberg says: "The frenzy!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, the greatest experience in life and I missed it."
He bursts into tears.
Fry says: "Aw."
Fry says: "I'm sorry, Doc."
He pats him on the back with his severed arm.
Time Lapse. The four walk along the empty beach and seagulls fly around them. Zoidberg injects Fry with St. Jonah's Morphine for Children.
Fry says: "Ow, ow!"
Fry says: "Ah!"
Zoidberg says: "The frenzy is over."
Zoidberg says: "How will I ever get rid of my male jelly now?"
Fry says: "I'll lend you this."
Leela says: "Fry!"
A seagull grabs his arm and tries to pull it away.
Fry says: "Hey, hey."
Bender is covered in bird faeces.
Bender says: "Shoo!"
Bender says: "Get away!"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "What's with the flying jerks?"
Zoidberg says: "They come to feast after the frenzy."
Zoidberg says: "Once my species passes on its genes, it dies."
He points to the sea which is littered with the corpses of Decapodians.
Fry says: "You mean you have to choose between a life without sex and a gruesome death?"
Zoidberg says: "Yes."
Fry says: "Tough call."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from Decapod 10."
[Cut to says: "Ships Medical Room."
Zoidberg says: "Well it was nice of you to let me reattach your arm, Fry, especially after I made a complete eel out of myself."
Fry lies on a table while Leela and Bender watch. He shrugs.
Fry says: "No biggie."
Zoidberg says: "Yes biggie."
Zoidberg says: "I learned to feel things I'd never felt before: Love, jealousy, passion for disembowelling."
Zoidberg says: "I owe it all to you."
Zoidberg says: "There!"
Zoidberg says: "I pronounce the operation a success."
Leela says: "Hooray!"
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Zoidberg says: "I may not know from emotions but when it comes to medicine, forget about it."
Fry look at his arm.
Fry says: "I don't mean to nitpick, super-doc, but do you think maybe you could take one more whack at this?"
He points at his arm. Zoidberg has attached it to his other arm so he has two on the same side. Zoidberg turns around with his laser-saw.
Zoidberg says: "For you, my friend, anything."
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Earth."
[Scene says: "Fry screams from inside."
Fry says: "My legs!"
Zoidberg says: "Alright, alright, third time's the charm."
He saws again and another limb falls off and splats.