[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "Tomorrow you'll be making a delivery to Ebola 9, the virus planet."
Hermes says: "Why can't they go today?"
Farnsworth says: "Because tonight's a special night and I want all of you to be alive."
Farnsworth says: "It's the Academy of Inventors' annual symposium."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I love symposia."
Farnsworth says: "It's the event of the scientific season."
Farnsworth says: "Every member presents an invention and the best one wins the Academy prize."
Bender says: "Sounds boring."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Farnsworth says: "But not this year, because my latest invention is unbeatable."
Farnsworth says: "Behold!"
Farnsworth says: "The death clock."
Farnsworth says: "Simply jam your finger in the hole and this read-out tells you exactly how long you have left to live."
Leela says: "Does it really work?"
Farnsworth says: "Well it's occasionally off by a few seconds."
Farnsworth says: "What with free will and all."
Fry says: "Sounds like fun."
Fry says: "How long do I have left to live?"
He puts his finger in the hole and the clock dings.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Dibs on his CD player!"
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Mr."
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Bender's Wardrobe By Robotany 500."
[Scene says: "Academy of Inventors."
[Scene says: "The room is filled with scientists, all wearing white lab coats."
[Scene says: "Bender wears a top hat and talks to Farnsworth."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, yes."
Fry says: "Who's the gross nerd?"
He points to a picture of a geek on the wall.
Farnsworth says: "That's me at the very first symposium."
Farnsworth says: "I'm the Academy's oldest living member, you know."
Farnsworth says: "These youngsters all look up to me."
Enter an old man.
Wernstrom says: "Well, well, well."
Wernstrom says: "Look who decided to show his wrinkled face."
Farnsworth says: "Why don't you just leave me alone, Wernstrom?"
Wernstrom says: "Face it, Farnsworth, you're over the hill."
Wernstrom says: "It's time to leave science to the 120-year-olds."
Farnsworth says: "You young turks think you know everything."
Farnsworth says: "I was inventing things when you were barely turning senile."
Wernstrom laughs.
Wernstrom says: "Go home before you embarrass yourself, old man."
Wernstrom says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to take a nap before the ceremonies."
He leaves.
Fry says: "Who's that jerk?"
Farnsworth says: "A hundred years ago he was my most promising student at Mars University."
Farnsworth says: "But then, after one fateful pop-quiz..."
[Flashback says: "Mars University."
[Flashback says: "A younger Farnsworth hands a younger Wernstrom a piece of paper."
Wernstrom says: "A-minus?"
Wernstrom says: "No one gives Ogden Wernstrom an A-minus!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm sorry, but penmanship counts."
Wernstrom says: "I swear I'll have my revenge even if it takes me a hundred years."
Farnsworth says: "And here it is: Slightly over 99 years later and still no revenge."
Farnsworth says: "I'm essentially in the clear."
[Scene says: "Academy of Inventors Auditorium."
[Scene says: "Bender, Fry and Leela sit at a table."
[Scene says: "Bender reading the wine list and a waiter takes his order."
Bender says: "I've been perusing your fortified wine list and I've selected the '71 Hobo's Delight, the '57 Chateau Parté and the '66 Thunder Chevitz."
Waiter says: "Exquisite choices, sir."
Bender says: "And mix them all together in a big jug."
Time Lapse. The lights in the auditorium are now dimmed and Ron Popeil's head in a jar is on the stage.
Popeil says: "Welcome to this year's Academy of Inventors Annual Symposium."
Popeil says: "I'm your host, Ron Popeil, inventor of Mr."
Popeil says: "Microphone, the spray-on toupee and, of course, the technology to keep human heads alive in jars."
Popeil says: "But wait, there's more."
Popeil says: "We've got a whole line-up of inventors tonight, starting with that up and coming young star, Ogden Wernstrom."
The audience applauds and Wernstrom stands up and walks onto the stage. Fry "boos".
Bender says: "More wine!"
Wernstrom says: "Distinguished members of the Academy, I present to you, the Reverse Scuba Suit."
Wernstrom says: "Observe!"
Wernstrom says: "Bad fish!"
He hits the fish with a newspaper and it sits. The audience applauds. Farnsworth groans.
Fry says: "Don't worry, Professor, it's no competition for your death clock."
Wernstrom says: "And what will you be presenting this evening, grandpa?"
Farnsworth says: "Let's just say it'll put you young whippersnappers in your place!"
Wernstrom says: "I just hope it's not as lame as that death clock you presented last year."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, last year, you say?"
Wernstrom says: "That's right."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
Farnsworth says: "Did it put you young whippersnappers in your place?"
Wernstrom says: "Hardly!"
Wernstrom says: "We laughed until our teeth fell out."
Wernstrom says: "Come along, Cinnamon."
His fish follows him.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear."
Farnsworth says: "I'll have to invent something new in the next ten minutes."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps some sort of death clock."
Leela says: "Uh, Professor..."
Leela says: "?"
Time Lapse. A man on the stage demonstrates a helicopter hat. He turns a handle and flies away. The audience applauds.
Popeil says: "Our last presentation comes from our oldest member, Professor Hubert Farnsworth."
Popeil says: "Professor?"
A spotlight falls on Farnsworth. He scribbles something on a piece of paper.
Farnsworth says: "Just a second, just a second."
Wernstrom says: "Pencils down, prune-face."
Farnsworth snarls and runs onto the stage.
Farnsworth says: "Uh, yes, here I am, OK, now, hello there."
Farnsworth says: "Now, we all know telescopes allow us to see distant objects."
Farnsworth says: "But what if we want to smell distant objects?"
Farnsworth says: "Well now we can!"
Farnsworth says: "Thanks to my new invention..."
Farnsworth says: "the Smellescope."
He puts a piece of paper on a projector. The audience starts talking.
Man says: "Oh, I say!"
Farnsworth says: "The odour travels past this coffee stain here, around the olive pit and into this cigar burn."
Farnsworth says: "And this appears to be a doodle of myself as a cowboy."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
He puts it back on the projector. It is smudged. The audience laughs again.
Wernstrom says: "I've waited a hundred years for this, Farnsworth."
Wernstrom says: "I give your invention the worst grade imaginable: An A-minus-minus."
The audience laughs. Farnsworth walks off the stage.
Time Lapse. Ron Popeil is back on the stage. A trophy is beside him.
Popeil says: "And now for the presentation of the award."
Popeil says: "Listen, folks, I'm practically giving this prize away to Dr."
Popeil says: "Wernstrom, for his fish thingy."
Wernstrom picks up the trophy and shakes his fish's leg. Farnsworth, outside, sighs and walks away.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender, Leela and Farnsworth sit around the table."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps 149 is just too old to be a scientist."
Bender says: "Yep!"
Fry says: "No, Professor, don't give up."
Fry says: "There were plenty of times in my century when I was gonna give up but I never did."
Fry says: "Never!"
Fry says: "Hey, are you even listening to me?"
Fry says: "Oh, I give up!"
Farnsworth says: "By God, you're right!"
Farnsworth says: "I'm going to build that Smellescope!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
Farnsworth says: "Eureka!"
Fry, Leela and Bender run in.
Fry says: "Did you build the Smellescope?"
Farnsworth says: "No, I remembered that I'd built one last year."
Farnsworth says: "Go ahead, try it."
Farnsworth says: "You'll find that every heavenly body has its own particular scent."
Farnsworth says: "Here, I'll point it at Jupiter."
Fry sniffs.
Fry says: "Smells like strawberries."
Farnsworth says: "Exactly!"
Farnsworth says: "And now Saturn."
Fry sniffs.
Fry says: "Pine needles."
Fry says: "Oh, man, this is great!"
Fry says: "Hey, as long as you don't make me smell Uranus."
He laughs.
Leela says: "I don't get it."
Farnsworth says: "I'm sorry, Fry, but astronomers renamed Uranus in 2620 to end that stupid joke once and for all."
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "What's it called now?"
Farnsworth says: "Urectum."
Farnsworth says: "Here, let me locate it for you."
Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "No, no, I think I'll just smell around a bit over here!"
Fry says: "Hmm."
He sniffs again and starts gagging.
Farnsworth says: "What is it?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, jeez!"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, man!"
Farnsworth says: "Remarkable!"
Farnsworth says: "A stench so foul it's right off the Funk-o-Meter."
Farnsworth says: "I dare say Fry may have discovered the smelliest object in the known universe."
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Name it after me!"
Leela sniffs.
Leela says: "I think it's moving."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps the computer can calculate its trajectory."
Farnsworth says: "My God!"
Farnsworth says: "Whatever it is, it's headed straight for us."
Farnsworth says: "With enough force to reduce this entire city to a stinky crater."
Farnsworth says: "We have less than 72 hours."
Fry, Leela and Bender gasp.
Bender says: "Well, let's get looting!"
He picks up a TV and runs out.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table looking at a hologram of the Earth."
Fry says: "So this thing's gonna destroy the whole city?"
Fry says: "What the heck is it?"
Farnsworth taps a keyboard.
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Just as I thought."
Farnsworth says: "The answer lies in this movie I found on the Internet."
He plays the movie. The New York skyline of 2000 is displayed on the screen, along with the title .
Narrator says: "The repulsive barge circled the oceans for 50 years but no country would accept it, not even that really filthy one."
Narrator says: "You know the one I mean."
Narrator says: "Finally, in 2052, the city used its mob connections to obtain a rocket and launch the garbage into outer space."
Narrator says: "Some experts claim the ball might return to Earth someday, but their concerns were dismissed as "depressing"."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "You got that off the Internet?"
Fry says: "In my day the Internet was only used to download pornography."
Farnsworth says: "Actually that's still true."
He resumes the movie.
Female Scientist says: "Now that the garbage is in space, doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions."
Male Scientist says: "With gusto!"
They both strip down to their underwear. Leela turns the lights back on. Fry groans.
Farnsworth says: "So that's the situation."
Farnsworth says: "Due to the short-sightedness of Old New York, New New York is going to be destroyed by a giant ball of garbage."
Leela says: "Fry, what the hell were you people thinking back then?"
Leela says: "How could you just throw your garbage away?"
Fry says: "Hey, gimmie a break!"
Fry says: "What do you do with it?"
Leela says: "We recycle everything."
Leela says: "Robots are made from old beer cans."
Bender says: "Yeah!"
Bender says: "And this beer can is made outta old robots."
Leela says: "And that sandwich you're eating is made of old discarded sandwiches."
Leela says: "Nothing just gets thrown away."
Fry says: "The future is disgusting."
Leela says: "Typical 20th century attitude."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "You have no right to criticise the 20th century."
Fry says: "We gave the world the lightbulb, the steamboat and the cotton gin."
Leela says: "Those things are all from the 19th century."
Fry says: "Yeah, well, they probably just copied us."
Farnsworth says: "Please!"
Farnsworth says: "There's no time for this now."
Farnsworth says: "This is an emergency."
Farnsworth says: "We must warn the mayor."
[Scene says: "Citihall: Mayor's Office."
[Scene says: "The Mayor, a short balding man in a green suit, sits behind his desk."
Poopenmeyer says: "Garbage ball, huh?"
Poopenmeyer says: "That sounds serious."
Farnsworth says: "Very serious, Mayor Poopenmeyer."
Poopenmeyer says: "I gotta be sure this isn't another scientific fraud like global warming or second-hand smoke."
Poopenmeyer says: "Send in my science advisor."
Enter Wernstrom.
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Wernstrom says: "Well, well, well!"
Wernstrom says: "Come to present your latest napkin, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "No, I'm here because a giant trash ball is heading straight for us."
Farnsworth says: "Smell for yourself."
Farnsworth wipes the Smellescope. Poopenmeyer sniffs and leaps back.
Poopenmeyer says: "Hey!"
Poopenmeyer says: "Holy jeez!"
Wernstrom says: "That smell could be anything; a faulty stench coil, some cheese on the lens, who knows?"
A woman walks in with a cassette player.
Woman says: "Mr."
Woman says: "Mayor, we just got this transmission from Neptune."
Man says: "..."
Man says: "passed close by..."
Man says: "horrible stench."
He gags.
Woman says: "The transmission cuts out there, sir."
Woman says: "No, I, guess it keeps going."
There is another gag and the message cuts out.
Woman says: "There we go."
Poopenmeyer says: "My God!"
Poopenmeyer says: "The senile old man is right."
Wernstrom says: "Do you mean him or me?"
Poopenmeyer says: "Him!"
He points at Farnsworth. Wernstrom grumbles.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "People crowd around a shop watching TV's through the window."
[Scene says: "On the TV, two newscasters present a report on "Root"2 News."
[Scene says: "One is a blonde human woman wearing a pink suit and the other is an alien that looks like one from This Island Earth."
[Scene says: "He has a huge green head with veins poking out of it and big eyes."
Linda says: "Next, New New York in crisis."
Linda says: "Morbo?"
Morbo says: "Thanks, human female."
Morbo says: "Puny Earthlings were shocked today to learn that a ball of garbage will destroy their pathetic city of New New York."
Linda says: "Makes me glad we live here in Los Angeles."
Morbo says: "Morbo agrees!"
They both laugh.
[Scene says: "Citihall: Mayor's Office."
[Scene says: "A large hologram of the garbage ball is projected in the middle of the room."
[Scene says: "A military man is there with the others."
Leela says: "Can't we just shoot a missile at it?"
Military Man says: "We've simulated that on a supercomputer but the ball is just too damn gooey."
Military Man says: "A missile would go right through it."
The hologram shows a missile squelching through the garbage ball.
Farnsworth says: "But suppose we send a crew to plant an explosive precisely on the fault line between this mass of coffee grounds and this deposit of America Online floppy disks."
The simulation explodes.
Military Man says: "In theory, it could work."
Wernstrom says: "Uh, in theory, perhaps."
Wernstrom says: "But you'll never find a crew willing to take on a mission so suicidally dangerous."
Farnsworth smiles and looks at his crew.
Bender says: "Oh, crap!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The crew are assembled in front of the ship."
Farnsworth says: "Now, you'll only have one chance to destroy the ball."
Farnsworth says: "After that, it will be so close to Earth that blowing it up would cause garbage to rain over the entire planet, killing billions."
Bender says: "Oh, boo-hoo!"
Farnsworth says: "Now here's the bomb I've prepared."
Farnsworth says: "Once you activate it, you'll have 25 minutes to get away."
Leela says: "That's all?"
Farnsworth says: "Now, now, there'll be plenty of time to discuss your objections when and if you return."
The crew suit up in red spacesuits and walk towards the ship. Fry and Leela carry their helmets under their arms and Bender carries his head under his.
[Scene says: "The ship clears the atmosphere and flies towards the garbage ball."
[Scene says: "It looks like the asteroid from Armageddon."
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "Odour at magnitude 8."
Leela says: "We're breaking up."
Leela says: "Turn on the anti-smell device."
The sound of an air freshener goes off and the ship stops shaking.
Fry says: "Hmm, sporty!"
[Scene says: "Garbage Ball Surface."
[Scene says: "The ship cruises in and lands."
[Scene says: "The steps go down, the door opens and the crew look around."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Leela says: "Look at all this filth."
Fry says: "It's not filth."
Fry says: "It's a glorious monument to the achievements of the 20th century."
Fry says: "Some Bart Simpson dolls!"
He runs over to a pile of them. Bender picks one up and pulls the string.
Doll says: "Eat my shorts!"
Bender says: "OK  Mmm!"
Bender says: "Shorts!"
Leela says: "Fry, this stuff was garbage when it was new."
Leela says: "Let's blow it up already!"
Fry says: "This junk isn't garbage!"
Fry says: "I can dig in any random pile and find something great."
He digs in a pile and comes out with a six pack holder around his neck, like a seagull. Leela cuts him free.
Fry says: "Alright, let's get to work."
Time Lapse. The crew walk across the surface, reading a map.
Leela says: "Let's see."
Leela says: "If that's Hypodermic Ridge then the bomb must go right here."
Leela says: ""6h" minutes?"
Bender pulls the bomb out of the ground and turns it over.
Bender says: "There's your problem."
Bender says: "The Professor put the counter on upside-down."
Leela says: "That idiot!"
Leela says: "It wasn't set for 25 minutes, it was set for 52 seconds."
Fry screams.
Fry says: "We're gonna die!"
Fry says: "Right?"
Bender says: "Right!"
Fry screams again.
Time Lapse. The timer is at 19 seconds. Bender screams.
Bender says: "It's gonna blow!"
He throws it to Fry. Fry throws it back. Bender throws it at Leela and it hits her helmet.
Leela says: "Hey, watch it!"
Leela says: "You'll put somebody's eye out!"
Bender says: "OK, OK, keep your space pants on."
Bender says: "I'll take care of this."
Bender throws the bomb into space but it hits a passing comet and bounces back into his hands. He throws it up again and it explodes. The crew sigh with relief.
Fry says: "We're saved!"
Leela says: "Yeah, but this garbage ball's unstoppable now."
Leela says: "New New York is done for."
They watch as the garbage ball moves closer to Earth. Bender scratches his butt.
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "A crowd of people stand on the street with a banner saying "Welcome Home Heroes" with "Heroes" crossed out and replaced with "Losers"."
[Scene says: "Citihall: Mayor's Office."
Linda says: "All in all, this is one day Mittens the kitten won't soon forget!"
Morbo and Linda chuckle.
Morbo says: "Kittens give Morbo gas."
Morbo says: "In lighter news, the city of New New York is doomed."
Morbo says: "Blame rests with known human Professor Hubert Farnsworth and his tiny, inferior brain."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, how could I have put that bomb timer on upside-down?"
Farnsworth says: "I could swear I followed the manual precisely."
Farnsworth says: "I'm a dried up husk of a scientist."
Farnsworth says: "This is all my fault."
Fry says: "No, it's my fault too."
Fry says: "I'm sure I threw out more than my share of that trash up there."
Fry says: "Also, one month my toilet broke and it just went straight in the garbage can."
Fry says: "Leela was right."
Fry says: "The people of the 20th century were idiotic slobs."
Fry says: "Especially me."
Poopenmeyer says: "Enough!"
Poopenmeyer says: "You all failed miserably."
Poopenmeyer says: "It's time to put a real scientist in charge."
Enter Wernstrom.
Farnsworth says: "Wernstrom!"
Wernstrom says: "The very same."
Poopenmeyer says: "Dr."
Poopenmeyer says: "Wernstrom, can you save my city?"
Wernstrom says: "Of course."
Wernstrom says: "But it'll cost you."
Wernstrom says: "First I'll need tenure."
Poopenmeyer says: "Done."
Wernstrom says: "And a big research grant."
Poopenmeyer says: "You got it."
Wernstrom says: "Also, access to a lab and five graduate students, at least three of them Chinese."
Poopenmeyer says: "Um, alright done."
Poopenmeyer says: "What's your plan?"
Wernstrom says: "What plan?"
Wernstrom says: "I'm set for life!"
Wernstrom says: "Au revoir, suckers!"
He walks out.
Leela says: "That rat!"
Leela says: "Do something!"
Poopenmeyer says: "I wish I could but he's got tenure!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "People stop and stare into the sky as a hamburger and other pieces of garbage smash through buildings."
[Scene says: "A fish skeleton falls in front of Zoidberg."
[Scene says: "He checks to see no one is looking and eats it."
[Cut to says: "Citihall: Mayor's Office."
[Cut to says: "A pizza slice splats against the window."
Poopenmeyer says: "It's time to take action."
Poopenmeyer says: "Well, I'm out of ideas."
Poopenmeyer says: "Anyone?"
Farnsworth says: "Wait!"
Farnsworth says: "If we could build an object the exact size, density and consistency of the garbage ball, it might just knock the ball away without smashing it to bits."
Leela says: "But where can we find a substance the exact density and consistency as garbage?"
Farnsworth says: "Alas, I don't know."
Fry says: "Uh, what about garbage?"
Farnsworth says: "Good Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "A second ball of garbage!"
Farnsworth says: "That just might work!"
Poopenmeyer says: "But garbage isn't something you just find lying in the streets of Manhattan."
Poopenmeyer says: "This city's been garbage-free for 500 years!"
Fry says: "Then it's time to make some more."
Poopenmeyer says: "Make garbage?"
Poopenmeyer says: "But how?"
Fry says: "Stand back and watch the master!"
Fry says: "This Slurm can."
Fry says: "Pure garbage."
Fry says: "Now you try it."
Poopenmeyer picks up a pencil and drops it on the floor.
Poopenmeyer says: "By God, I think the boy's got something."
Poopenmeyer says: "Come on, everyone!"
Poopenmeyer says: "The fate of the city is at stake!"
He turns a chair on its side.
Fry says: "Good!"
Fry says: "Very nice."
Poopenmeyer says: "Get that robot some more beer!"
Poopenmeyer says: "We've trashed this room but that's just the start."
Poopenmeyer says: "We've got to get Fry's message to the people."
[Scene says: "Woman's Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Fry is on TV."
Fry says: "People of New New York, take a lesson from the 20th century."
Fry says: "Stop all this pain-in-the-ass recycling and throw your garbage on the floor."
The woman scrapes her food onto the floor.
[Scene says: "Man's Living Room."
Fry says: "Go ahead."
Fry says: "Just chuck it any old place like I used to."
Fry says: "Your city is counting on you."
The man empties the contents of his cat's litter tray out of the window.
[Scene says: "Printing Press."
[Scene says: "The newspapers are printed with the headline "City Urged To Litter!"
[Scene says: "" and the conveyor belt dumps them outside the building."
[Cut to says: "Outside Printing Press."
[Cut to says: "They land in a heap and are bulldozed away."
[Scene says: "Launch Pad."
[Scene says: "The new garbage ball has been stuck on top of a rocket."
Farnsworth says: "If my calculations are correct, this garbage ball will knock the other garbage ball directly into the sun."
Wernstrom says: "And if my calculations are correct, we're all going to die horribly."
He laughs then realises what he's said.
Poopenmeyer says: "Alright, places everyone."
Poopenmeyer says: "Prepare for launch."
Farnsworth counts down.
Farnsworth says: "Five, four, three, two, three, four, five, six..."
Leela says: "Just fire the damn thing."
Fry tries to push the button but misses it.
Fry says: "Oops!"
He pushes it again. The rocket takes off and heads towards the other garbage ball. Fry's heart beats. Farnsworth's heart beats, but a lot slower than Fry's. Bender's "heart" beats like a drum.
[Scene says: "In space, the new garbage ball hits the old one and knocks it away from the Earth."
[Scene says: "Launch Pad."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth sniffs through the Smellescope."
Farnsworth says: "Burning garbage!"
Fry says: "It worked!"
Everyone except Wernstrom cheers.
[Scene says: "Outside Citihall."
[Scene says: "The Mayor and the Planet Express crew stand on the steps."
[Scene says: "Poopenmeyer makes a speech."
Poopenmeyer says: "And so, on behalf of the entire city, I thank you, Professor Farnsworth."
Poopenmeyer says: "I now present you with the Academy prize, which we confiscated from Dr."
Poopenmeyer says: "Wernstrom after it became apparent that he was a jackass."
He hands Farnsworth the trophy.
Farnsworth says: "Yes!"
Farnsworth says: "In your face, Wernstrom!"
Wernstrom says: "I'll get you, Farnsworth."
Wernstrom says: "Even if it takes me another hundred years."
He and his five graduate students, three of them Chinese, shake their fists.
Poopenmeyer says: "And, Fry, we owe you a tremendous debt as well."
Poopenmeyer says: "If not for your 20th century garbage-making skills, we'd all be buried under 20th century garbage."
The crowd cheers.
Leela says: "Should we really be celebrating?"
Leela says: "I mean, what if the second garbage ball returns to Earth like the first one did?"
Fry says: "Who cares?"
Fry says: "That won't be for hundreds of years."
Farnsworth says: "Exactly!"
Farnsworth says: "It's none of our concern."
Fry says: "That's the 20th century spirit!"
He and Farnsworth hold the award up and the crowd cheers and applauds.
Closing Credits.  from the film  plays over them.