[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Late at night Fry and Bender sit on the couch."
[Scene says: "There are four Slurm cans on the coffee table."
[Scene says: "Fry drinks from another one and they watch All My Circuits on the TV."
[Scene says: "Calculon opens the door to his bedroom."
Calculon says: "Monique!"
Monique is in bed with Boxy. She pulls the sheets up around her.
Monique says: "Calculon!"
Boxy beeps.
Calculon says: "Oh, how I wish I could believe that."
Calculon says: "You may be my evil half-brother, but there's no law against murdering the other half."
The screen changes to the All My Circuits logo.
Announcer #1 says: "All My Circuits will be right back after this word from..."
The screen changes to an advert.
Announcer #2 says: "Slurm!"
Announcer #2 says: "It's highly addictive!"
A hand takes a can of Slurm off the screen. The hand belongs to a surfing slug. Two babes on a beach watch him.
Trixie says: "Look!"
Trixie says: "It's Slurms MacKenzie!"
Dixie says: "He's the original party worm!"
Slurms surfs onto the beach between the girls and they stroke him.
Slurms says: "Whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle!"
Slurms says: "Let's party!"
He and the babes dance on the beach and are joined by other dancing people. They all drink cans of Slurm.
Bender says: "Look at that worm go."
Bender says: "Who says there are no more heroes?"
On the TV Slurms surfs with the two babes.
Slurms says: "Hey, dudes, you can win a chance to party with me, Slurms MacKenzie, at the Slurm bottling plant on planet Wormulon!"
A still picture of Slurms playing a guitar with the babes and a crate of Slurm appears on the screen with the words "Win A Trip".
Announcer #2 says: "Just look for the winning bottle-cap inside specially-marked cans of Slurm."
Back on the board, the babe shakes something out of her Slurm can and shows it to the camera. It is a bottle-cap with "You Win!" printed on it. She gasps.
Trixie says: "I won!"
[Disclaimers appear on the screen. "Slurm Has Been Found To Cause Cancer In Laboratory Humans" says: "Space wasps, space beavers, any other animal with the word 'Space' in front of it, space chickens and the elusive yak-face" in alien language #1."
"Employees Of Slurm Corp. And Their Families Are Eligible To Enter And Will Probably Win" says: "Space wasps, space beavers, any other animal with the word 'Space' in front of it, space chickens and the elusive yak-face" in alien language #1."
"The following species are ineligible says: "Space wasps, space beavers, any other animal with the word 'Space' in front of it, space chickens and the elusive yak-face" in alien language #1."
Announcer #2 says: "No purchase necessary unless you wish to enter the contest."
Announcer #2 says: "Odds of winning mathematically insignificant."
Fry says: "I like those odds."
Fry says: "Rats."
Fry says: "Just another tooth."
He throws his empty can onto a pile of other cans and drops his tooth onto the floor along with another nine that have fallen out. He opens another can, drinks from it and sighs. He smiles a big toothless smile.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Live From Omicron Persei 8."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table watching Fry guzzle down another can of Slurm."
[Scene says: "Fry shakes the can upside-down and looks inside."
[Scene says: ""You're A Loser" is printed on the bottom."
[Scene says: "He groans."
Fry says: "I gotta find that golden bottle-cap."
He throws the can behind him, opens another one and starts drinking it.
Leela says: "I've never seen anyone so addicted to Slurm."
Fry says: "This is nothing."
Fry says: "Back in high school I used to drink a hundred cans of cola a week."
Fry says: "Right up until my third heart attack."
The door opens and Bender stands in the doorway clutching his door and groaning. His antenna is wilted and he is a slightly redder colour.
Leela says: "Bender, what's wrong?"
Bender says: "I'm sick."
He sneezes and his eyes pop out and back in again.
Leela says: "You poor baby."
Leela says: "Let me check if you have a fever."
Leela says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth opens Bender's door with his lab coat acting as a glove.
Farnsworth says: "According to Bender's temperature gauge, which I suggest you use next time, Leela, he's running a fever of..."
Farnsworth says: "900 degrees."
He closes the door and Bender groans. Hermes fluffs a cushion on a couch in the corner.
Hermes says: "Bender, mon, lie yourself down."
Hermes says: "You're payin' for that!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Zoidberg's Office."
[Scene says: "Bender sits on the examination table and the rest of the staff gather around."
Zoidberg says: "I'll have a look, but I remind you, I'm an expert on humans not robots."
He shines a torch into Fry's eye.
Fry says: "I'm not Bender, I'm Fry."
Zoidberg says: "Really?"
Zoidberg says: "I though you were the robot."
Fry says: "Nope."
Fry says: "Human."
Zoidberg says: "Alright, alright, spare me your life story."
Zoidberg says: "Now what seems to be the trouble?"
Bender says: "My tummy hurts and I've been having this burning electrical discharge."
Zoidberg runs a stethoscope across Bender's casing.
Zoidberg says: "Hmm."
Zoidberg says: "Don't worry, you'll be fine."
Zoidberg says: "I didn't have the heart to tell him: It's fin fungus."
Zoidberg says: "He'll be floating upside-down by morning."
He walks off tutting. Amy turns to Bender.
Amy says: "You should try homeopathic medicine, Bender."
Amy says: "Take some zinc."
Bender says: "I'm 40% zinc."
Amy says: "Then take some Echinacea or a St."
Amy says: "John's wort."
Farnsworth says: "Or a big fat placebo."
Farnsworth says: "It's all the same crap."
Bender coughs and a sound comes from his chest cabinet.
Leela says: "Hey, what's rattling around in there?"
Farnsworth says: "It may well be the cause of Bender's illness."
Farnsworth says: "But more importantly, it's a flimsy pretext to try out my latest invention."
Farnsworth says: "To the laboratory!"
He shuffles off very slowly and the rest quickly pass him.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth holds up a torch-like object to the rest of the crew."
Farnsworth says: "I call this the F-ray."
Farnsworth says: "It's like an X-ray only it allows you to see through anything, even metal."
Farnsworth says: "Now, the neutrino beam it emits is a tad dangerous, so you'll all need protective goggles."
Farnsworth says: "Aha!"
Farnsworth says: "There's the cause of your illness."
Amy looks.
Amy says: "Hey, that's my watch!"
Bender says: "I was wondering where I put that."
Bender says: "Hey, now I feel much better!"
Bender says: "Thanks, Professor."
Bender says: "And, Amy, I'm sorry I took your watch."
She smiles and hugs him. Bender steals her earrings and chuckles. She moves away and he tosses the earrings down his throat and coughs. Fry and Bender stay with Farnsworth while the others leave. Farnsworth takes off his suit.
Farnsworth says: "Well, I've got to go take this suit to the decontaminators."
Farnsworth says: "You two lock up the F-ray and for the love of God don't let it fall into the wrong hands."
He hands it to them. They look at each other and chuckle.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender walk down the busy street with the F-ray."
[Scene says: "Bender holds it up."
Bender says: "What should we point it at first?"
Fry says: "I 'unno."
Fry says: "Try it on me."
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "My sperm!"
Bender says: "Wow, neat!"
Bender says: "Mind if I try that again?"
He points it at Fry's crotch again but nothing happens.
Fry says: "Huh, didn't hurt that time."
Bender watches a Fembot walk past.
Bender says: "Whoa, mama!"
Bender says: "Hold still, sexy lady."
He points the F-ray at her and gasps.
Fry says: "What's wrong?"
Bender says: "That's no lady!"
"Fembot" says: "Damn Chico!"
"Fembot" says: "One more upgrade and I'll be more lady than you can handle!"
"Fembot" says: "Why you so stupid, stupid?"
Bender says: "Hey, bite my shiny metal ass!"
"Fembot" says: "You couldn't afford it, honey."
It snaps it's fingers and walks off.
[Scene says: "7^11."
[Scene says: "Outside the convenience store some people queue outside a suicide booth and a sign advertises the shop as being "Open 28 Hours"."
[Scene says: "Inside Bender and Fry use the F-ray to look inside products such as Mom's Friendly Robot Oil, Bachelor Chow, Robo Fresh, Tanning Butter, Mr Baked Beans and Glagnar's Human Rinds."
[Scene says: "Fry groans."
Fry says: "All this prolonged exposure to radiation is making me thirsty."
Fry says: "Ah, if only there was some way of knowing which can had the winning bottle-cap inside."
Bender stops pointing the F-ray at some Hot Logs and turns to Fry.
Bender says: "Huh, w-what?"
Bender says: "I didn't hear you."
Bender says: "I was too busy using this F-ray to look inside of things."
Fry says: "Wait a second."
Fry says: "I'm getting an idea."
Fry says: "N-No, false alarm."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Wait."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "No..."
Fry says: "no."
Fry says: "Yes!"
[Montage says: "Fry points the F-ray at the stack of Slurm cans and shakes his head in disappointment."
[Montage says: "In the street, Bender takes a can of Slurm from a small boy with a red balloon."
[Montage says: "The boy cries, Bender points the F-ray at the can and hands it back to the boy when he sees there is nothing inside."
[Montage says: "The boy stops crying."
[Montage says: "Bender points the F-ray at the balloon and it bursts and the boy cries again."
[Montage says: "Fry points the F-ray at a Slurm dispenser but there is no winning cap inside."
[Montage says: "Bender extends his arm into the coin tray and takes a handful of coins."
[Montage says: "Back in the street Bender points the F-ray at a Slurm blimp."
[Montage says: "It explodes and he and Fry run away."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Leela and Farnsworth sit at the table playing 3D Scrabble, a version of 3D Chess from Star Trek."
[Scene says: "On the top level are the words "ONE" and "EYE"; on the second row is "MATT" and "AREA"; on the third is "POOP" and "ONLY"; on the fourth is "DONUT," "ONE" and "EMU"."
[Scene says: "The letters on Farnsworth's rack spell "FUUTAMA"."
[Scene says: "The door opens and Bender slams the F-ray onto the table, upsetting the letters."
Bender says: "Ah, this thing stinks."
Fry says: "We checked 90,000 cans of Slurm and all we won was this junk."
Fry says: "I never wanna see another can of Slurm again."
Fry says: "Man, am I thirsty."
He walks over to the fridge and takes out a refreshing can of Slurm. He starts guzzling it back and suddenly starts to cough and choke.
Leela says: "Fry, are you alright?"
Bender picks up the F-ray and points it at Fry's neck. A Slurm bottle-cap with "You Win!" written on it is lodged in his throat.
Bender says: "You did it, Fry!"
Bender says: "You found the winning bottle-cap!"
Bender says: "We won!"
Fry cheers and wheezes.
Fry says: "Hooray!"
He faints.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards the Slurm planet."
[Scene says: "The planet has a ring and the "Slurm" logo is painted on it."
[Scene says: "The ship disappears into the atmosphere."
[Cut to says: "Outside Slurm Factory."
[Cut to says: "The ship descends from the clouds, the landing gear comes down and it lands outside the Slurm factory which bears an uncanny resemblance to the Wonka factory in Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory."
[Cut to says: "A banner reading "Welcome Contest Winners!"
[Cut to says: "" has been hung above the gates."
[Cut to says: "Fry, Bender, Leela, Amy and the rest of the staff walk out of the ship down the steps."
Leela says: "Ooh, look at that!"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Outside the gates are four worms. Two of them play a fanfare and the gates open. A path leads from the gates up to a building. On the steps of the building two worms roll out a red carpet. The end of the carpet reaches the gates and a worm dressed like Gene Wilder in Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory pops out.
Glurmo says: "Welcome to the planet Wormulon."
Glurmo says: "I'm Glurmo, your golly-rific guide to the splend-tacular Slurm factory."
Fry says: "Uh-huh."
Fry says: "Can we have our free Slurm now?"
Glurmo says: "You'll have all the Slurm you can drink later on when you're partying with my good friend, Slurms MacKenzie."
He moves aside and behind him is Slurms and the babes. Slurms' party music plays.
Slurms says: "Alright!"
Slurms says: "Whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle!"
Slurms says: "Lay some skin on me, dudes!"
Fry and Bender do. Some worm slime comes off on Fry's hand.
Bender says: "Wow!"
Bender says: "The original party worm!"
Bender says: "Are you ready to get down, get funky with us?"
Glurmo says: "He'd better be, that's what we pay him for."
Glurmo says: "Right, Slurms?"
Slurms cringes and starts waving his arms around.
Slurms says: "Right!"
Glurmo says: "In fact, Slurms has to party all night, every night, or he's fired!"
Slurms says: "Rock on!"
Glurmo says: "But before the party, you're all in for a fun-derful treat: A VIP tour of the Slurm factory!"
He slides back through the gates and the staff follow.
Slurms says: "Enjoy the tour, dudes!"
Slurms says: "I'm gonna go lie down."
[Scene says: "Slurm Factory Entrance."
[Scene says: "Glurmo and the staff are gathered in the dim room."
Glurmo says: "Welcome, my friends, to the wondrous world of whimsy that we like to call "Slurms Centralised Industrial Fabrication Unit"."
Behind him some worms open some doors.
[Cut to says: "Slurms Centralised Industrial Fabrication Unit."
[Cut to says: "The crew walk through the door and gasp."
[Cut to says: "The room looks like the huge room in Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory."
[Cut to says: "Slurm cans grow on trees and a river of Slurm flows down the middle."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my!"
Bender says: "Look!"
Bender says: "Flowers!"
Bender says: "And a boat!"
The boat is a small paddle boat. The crew walk to the river bank and are about to get on the boat when they see some small aliens across the river carrying barrels of Slurm. They have orange faces and green hair and look like the Oompa-Loompas from Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory. They wave.
Farnsworth says: "Who are those horrible orange creatures over there?"
Glurmo says: "Why, those are the Grunka Lunkas."
Glurmo says: "They work here in the Slurm factory."
Farnsworth says: "Tell them I hate them."
Time Lapse. The staff and Glurmo are now on the boat and it sails down the green river.
Glurmo says: "As we sail down the river of Slurm you'll see our mix-ologists at work."
Glurmo says: "Then, last of all, we add the secret ingredient that makes Slurm so deliciously addictive."
A Grunka Lunka tips up a barrel labelled "Secret Ingredient" into a cauldron of Slurm ingredients but another pulls a curtain across before anyone can see anything.
Fry says: "So, what's the secret ingredient?"
Glurmo says: "It's whatever your imagination wants it to be."
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "But what is it really?"
Glurmo says: "Now, over here the Grunka Lunkas are inducing Wumpus berries to release their flavour, using sensual massage."
He points to some Grunka Lunkas who rub piles of purple berries.
Bender says: "Psst, those berries."
Bender says: "Those are the secret ingredient, right?"
Glurmo says: "No."
Bender says: "You positive?"
Glurmo says: "Yes."
Bender says: "I'm just asking cause they look kind of secret."
Glurmo says: "Enough!"
Glurmo says: "There will be no further questions."
Fry raises his hand.
Fry says: "Why?"
Leela points across him.
Leela says: "Hey, look!"
Leela says: "The disgusting little men are starting to sing."
On the river bank six Grunka Lunkas line up and dance and sing.
We've got a friendly warning for you,.
Grunka Lunka dunkity-dasis,.
The secret of Slurm's on a need-to-know basis.
Grunka Lunka #1 says: "Asking questions in school is a great way to learn."
Grunka Lunka #2 says: "If you try that stuff here you might get your legs broke."
Grunka Lunka #1 says: "We once found a dead guy face down in the Slurm."
Grunka Lunka #2 says: "It could easily happen again to you folks."
And keep your mouth shut,.
Grunka Lunka lunka dunkity dot!
Glurmo leans over the side of the boat and waves his cane.
Glurmo says: "Hey, I don't pay you to sing!"
Glurmo says: "You just used up today's bathroom break!"
The boat disappears into a tunnel.
Grunka Lunka #2 says: "Hard ass."
Glurmo says: "I heard that!"
The Grunka Lunka whimpers and runs away.
[Scene says: "Slurm Factory Tunnel."
[Scene says: "The tunnel is lined with large barrels of Slurm."
Glurmo says: "Now, on your right, you'll see the Slurm Master checking the Slurm for colour and bouquet."
An old worm with a long, white beard holds a glass of Slurm. Fry watches and licks his lips.
Fry says: "So thirsty."
Glurmo says: "Then he tastes it."
Glurmo says: "He tastes it and tastes it, then tastes it some more."
Fry says: "Uh, could I have some Slurm, please?"
Glurmo says: "No food or drink allowed on the tour."
Glurmo says: "You'll have to wait until you're partying with Slurms MacKenzie."
Fry says: "When will that be?"
Glurmo says: "Soon enough."
Fry says: "That's not soon enough."
Leela says: "Hey, what's behind that door?"
She points at a door with a "Keep Out" sign on it. It is guarded by two worms.
Glurmo says: "Nothing."
Leela says: "Is it the secret ingredient?"
Five Grunka Lunkas dance across in front of the door.
You should not ask about the secret ingredient.
Bender says: "OK, OK, we get the point."
Leela says: "I was just curious because of the armed guards."
Bender says: "Shut the hell up!"
Time Lapse. Fry sneaks to the back of the boat while Glurmo talks to Hermes.
Hermes says: "So you're telling me I could fire my whole staff and hire Grunka Lunkas at half the cost?"
Glurmo says: "That's right."
Glurmo says: "They think they have a good union but they don't."
Glurmo says: "They're basically slaves."
Fry leans over the back of the boat but can't quite reach the Slurm.
Leela says: "What are you doing?"
Fry says: "I'm dying of thirst."
Fry says: "Grab my feet and dunk my head in so I can drink."
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "That's moronic."
Fry says: "Fine."
Fry says: "I'll let go and swim around in the Slurm and drink as much as I want."
Fry says: "Help!"
Fry says: "I can't swim!"
He disappears under the water and Leela sighs and dives in after him. Underwater, she swims towards Fry and pulls him back towards the surface by his hair. She comes up gasping for air, followed by a gasping Fry, followed by Bender who whistles.
Leela says: "Bender, why did you jump in?"
Bender says: "Everybody was doing it."
Bender says: "I just wanted to be popular."
A whirlpool sucks them underwater and they scream. They are pulled through a hole in the bottom of the Slurm river.
[Cut to says: "Wormulon Cave."
[Cut to says: "The trio fly out of a pipe and land on a grate."
[Cut to says: "Slurm pours out of the pipe and into the grate."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Where are we?"
Bender says: "And why is the Slurm pouring into this sewer?"
Fry wrings some Slurm from his hair into his mouth and spits it straight out.
Fry says: "This isn't Slurm at all!"
Leela says: "Something's rotten on the planet Wormulon."
Leela says: "Look at this."
On the other side of the cave are two doors. One marked "Real Factory" and the other marked "Fake Factory".
[Cut to says: "Slurm Factory Tunnel."
[Cut to says: "Leela quietly opens the fake factory door and they peer around it."
[Cut to says: "It is the door from earlier that was marked "Keep Out"."
[Cut to says: "On the other side one of the worm guards smokes while another knits."
[Cut to says: "A Grunka Lunka sleeps and two others play poker."
[Cut to says: "Wormulon Cave."
[Cut to says: "She closes it again."
Leela says: "This all must have something to do with the secret ingredient."
Fry says: "My God."
Fry says: "What if the secret ingredient..."
Fry says: "is people?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "There's already a soda like that: Soylent Cola."
Fry says: "Oh."
Fry says: "How is it?"
Leela says: "It varies from person to person."
[Scene says: "Slurme Shoppe."
[Scene says: "In the gift shop the rest of the staff browse the Slurm merchandise available."
[Scene says: "Amy looks at some worm keyrings while Farnsworth looks at an "Enjoy Slurm" towel."
Farnsworth says: "Ooh!"
On the other side of the shop Glurmo watches Hermes look at some worm mugs and Slurm T-shirts. He already wears a worm blernsball cap. The T-shirt sizes range from small to large and also "Mutant" which has four arms. Hermes leaves with his two-armed T-shirt and Zoidberg inquires about a two-armed Hebrew Slurm T-shirt he is wearing.
Zoidberg says: "Do you have any that aren't so tight around the thorax?"
Glurmo says: "Yes, over in-- Say, weren't there more people in your group at the start of the tour?"
Amy says: "Hey, yeah."
Amy says: "Fry, Leela and Bender are missing."
Glurmo narrows his eyes.
Glurmo says: "If you'll excuse me."
He slides out, leaving a trail of slime behind him. Amy turns around with a box of Slurm glasses and slips on the slime and falls over and screams. The glasses smash.
[Scene says: "Wormulon Cave."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry and Bender creep down the dark tunnels."
[Scene says: "They see torchlight up ahead."
[Scene says: "Bender gasps."
Leela says: "Quick."
They duck behind a rock. Two guards slide along the roof of the cave with a torch and laser. They pass them without seeing them and Bender breathes a sigh of relief.
Fry says: "Look!"
Fry says: "Slurm!"
Fry says: "Finally!"
Fry says: "Oh, yeah!"
Fry says: "I'm never going 12 minutes without a Slurm again."
Leela says: "It's the end of the line."
Leela says: "This must be where they put in the secret ingredient."
Behind her is a door marked "Slurm Production Chamber".
Fry says: "Well, whatever it is, it's even better fresh."
Fry says: "Mmm, still warm."
Leela opens the door.
[Cut to says: "Slurm Production Chamber."
[Cut to says: "They walk in and gasp."
[Cut to says: "In the middle of the room is a huge worm wearing a crown and scoffing handfuls of Wumpus berries."
[Cut to says: "Some worms massage the middle of her body and the secret ingredient comes out the other end of her and into Slurm cans."
Fry says: "Ew!"
Leela says: "Blech!"
Bender says: "Oh, Lordy!"
Fry gulps back some more Slurm.
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "Fry!"
He spits it out again and they watch the Slurm Queen producing the drink.
Fry says: "That's the secret ingredient of Slurm?"
Leela says: "That's the only ingredient of Slurm."
Fry says: "Ew!"
He consoles himself by drinking from the can again. Leela knocks it out of his hand and the Slurm Queen turns around and roars. She hits them with her back end and they duck out of the way. She takes another swipe at Leela and she jumps out the way to Fry and Bender. The Slurm Queen takes another swing and they run out the door screaming. Fry runs back in to pick up the can of Slurm but the Slurm Queen knocks it out of his hands. He groans and runs out again.
[Cut to says: "Wormulon Cave."
[Cut to says: "The three run around a corner and guards fire their lasers at them."
[Cut to says: "They come to a ravine and nearly fall into it."
Bender says: "I'll save us!"
Bender says: "Oh, that feels good!"
They reach the other side and Bender retracts his arms and legs.
Fry says: "Thanks, Bender!"
Bender coughs and Fry and Leela reluctantly hand him some cash.
Time Lapse. They run around another corner.
Leela says: "The exit!"
Leela says: "We made it."
[Cut to says: "Slurm Production Chamber."
[Cut to says: "The "exit" leads back to where they began."
Bender says: "Uh, Your Majesty, I brought the prisoners."
Fry and Leela turn their heads towards him and Fry smiles. Glurmo appears from behind the Slurm Queen.
Glurmo says: "Well, my curious friends, you learned the secret of Slurm."
Glurmo says: "That concludes the portion of the tour where you stay alive."
Leela says: "You wish, you slimy worm!"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
She karate chops Glurmo's head off. The decapitated head grows a body and the body grows a head, forming two Glurmos. A guard hands the new head a hat. The Glurmos pin Leela to the floor. Guards point lasers at Fry and Bender's backs. Bender groans.
Slurm Queen says: "Good work, Glurmo."
Slurm Queen says: "You have pleased your queen."
Small Glurmo #2 says: "Thank you, Your Majesty."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "Thanks, ma'am."
Leela says: "How can you trick people into drinking something that comes out of your behind?"
Leela says: "It's disgusting."
Slurm Queen says: "Is it?"
Slurm Queen says: "Honey comes from a bee's behind."
Slurm Queen says: "Milk comes from a cow's behind."
Slurm Queen says: "And have you ever used toothpaste?"
Fry says: "Whose behind does that come from?"
Slurm Queen says: "You don't wanna know."
Bender says: "Look, we just came to party with Slurms MacKenzie."
Bender says: "By the way, when is that scheduled?"
Slurm Queen says: "To the torture cave!"
[Scene says: "Torture Cave."
[Scene says: "Bender has been tied to a conveyor belt which moves towards a machine."
Slurm Queen says: "You, my metal friend, will have the honour of becoming 174 Slurm cans."
Bender says: "Ah, this trip is turning into a big letdown."
Leela is raised in a harness and suspended over a vat of purple goo. The Glurmos stand by a control unit.
Slurm Queen says: "As for you, you will be submerged in Royal Slurm which, in a matter of minutes, will transform you into a Slurm Queen like myself."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "But, Your Highness, she's a commoner."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "Her Slurm will taste foul."
Slurm Queen says: "Yes!"
Slurm Queen says: "Which is why we'll market it as New Slurm."
Slurm Queen says: "Then, when everyone hates it, we'll bring back Slurm Classic, and make billions!"
She and the Glurmos laugh. Small Glurmo #1 pushes a lever down and Leela is lowered into the purple Slurm. Fry watches.
Fry says: "What about me?"
Slurm Queen says: "You are free to go."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Slurm Queen says: "If you can resist this concentrated super Slurm!"
Slurm Queen says: "It's so delicious, you'll eat until you explode!"
Slurm Queen says: "Oh, which reminds me, put a tarp over that sofa, will you?"
Slurm Queen says: "Bon appétit!"
One of the Glurmos forces a spoonful of the Slurm into Fry's mouth. Fry struggles then smiles.
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Slurm Queen says: "Farewell!"
Slurm Queen says: "Oh, and congratulations again on winning the contest."
She and the Glurmos laugh insanely and leave.
Leela says: "Fry, untie us, quick!"
Fry says: "Here I come."
Fry says: "Let me just-- One more taste."
He takes three.
Leela says: "You pig."
Leela says: "Stop stuffing your craw and save us."
Fry walks towards her then changes his mind and sticks his head into the tub. Bender moves closer to the machine.
Bender says: "I can't see what's happening."
Bender says: "Are we boned?"
Leela says: "Yeah, we're boned."
Fry lifts his head out of the tub and looks around. He sees Bender then Leela then looks back at the Slurm, A tear trickles down his face and splashes into the Slurm.
Fry says: "I can't stop eating this delicious ooze."
Fry says: "But I'm not gonna let you die."
He moves towards the control unit, dragging the tub with him and shovelling handfuls of Slurm into his mouth.
Leela says: "Hurry!"
Bender says: "What's happening?"
Bender says: "Just in time!"
He looks down and screams. There is a hole in the middle of his casing. Fry looks through it. While he is distracted, Leela tips the tub of Slurm over and it disappears down a drain.
Fry says: "I could fit if I didn't have these damn arms!"
He starts gnawing at his arms. Leela lifts him up off the floor.
[Scene says: "Wormulon Cave."
[Scene says: "The trio run through the tunnel."
Leela says: "We're close to the exit."
Leela says: "I can smell those filthy orange guys."
Ahead of them is Slurms MacKenzie and the babes.
Slurms says: "Stop right there!"
Bender says: "Slurms MacKenzie?"
Slurms says: "Shh!"
Slurms says: "I want you to take me with you."
Fry says: "Say what?"
Slurms says: "I'm partied out."
Slurms says: "All I want is to stay home and rent videos and watch them with a few friends."
Slurms says: "Is that so much to ask?"
Bender says: "Forget it, pal."
Bender says: "It says on this bottle-cap you have to party with us."
Slurms says: "Alright, when we get to Earth."
Slurms says: "But please don't invite too many people, I wanna keep it small."
Bender says: "No can do, Slurms!"
He pats him on the back. The cave starts to shake and the Slurm Queen bursts through the wall. Everyone screams.
Slurms says: "This way!"
He ushers them into another part of the cave. A sign above reads "Danger Cave-In Area". The Slurm Queen follows but gets stuck. She squirts some Slurm around her body as lubricant and squeezes through.
Leela says: "She's gaining on us."
Slurms stops running.
Slurms says: "Go on without me, I'll hold her off."
Everyone else stops.
Fry says: "But she'll crush you like a worm..."
Fry says: "crushing a smaller worm."
Slurms says: "It's alright."
Slurms says: "I'm so tired of partying."
Slurms says: "So very tired."
Slurms says: "Babes."
Dixie says: "Yes, Mr."
Dixie says: "MacKenzie?"
Slurms says: "You've served me well these 40 years, but this time I've got to party alone."
Slurms says: "There'll be other parties for you."
Slurms says: "Now go."
Slurms says: "Go!"
They run away and Slurms dances and the Slurm Queen closes in. The tunnel starts to collapse and Slurms turns the volume up to maximum. More rocks fall from the roof. Bender turns around.
Bender says: "Party on, Slurms!"
He salutes.
Slurms says: "Party on, contest winners."
Slurms says: "Party on."
Bigger rocks falls from above and they pile up in the tunnel. One crushes Slurms and he yelps. The Slurm Queen slams into the pile of rocks.
Slurm Queen says: "No!"
Slurm Queen says: "We're ruined!"
Slurm Queen says: "They know our disgusting secret!"
She cries. The Glurmos arrive in time to see her drinking her own Slurm.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship speeds away from Wormulon."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Hermes, Zoidberg and Amy sit on the couch, Bender relaxes at his station while Fry and Farnsworth use the phone."
Farnsworth says: "Commissioner, my crew has made a horrific discovery: It seems that Slurm is produced in a colossal worm hiney!"
On the screen, the commissioner sits in his office in front of a seal with "Bureau Of Soft Drinks, Tobacco, Firearms" written around it.
Commissioner says: "Hmm, "hiney", you say?"
Commissioner says: "Why, with your testimony we'll finally be able to outlaw this insidious Slurm."
Fry says: "Outlaw Slurm?"
Fry says: "Uh, don't pay any attention to him, sir..."
[Cut to says: "Commissioner's Office."
Fry says: "Grandpa's making up crazy stories again."
Farnsworth says: "I'm not your grandpa, you're my uncle!"
Farnsworth says: "From the year 2000!"
Fry makes the cuckoo gesture.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Commissioner says: "OK, grandpa, we'll take care of the "bad worms", don't you worry."
He grins and hangs up. Fry opens another can of Slurm.
Fry says: "Ah, I just wish Slurms MacKenzie were here to enjoy this with me."
Bender says: "Yeah, that Slurms sure loved to party."
Bender says: "Whattya say we all party one last time for him?"
Leela raises a can.
Leela says: "For Slurms!"
The rest raise their cans.
Amy says: "For Slurms!"
Bender says: "For Slurms!"
Farnsworth says: "For Slurms!"
Fry says: "For Slurms!"
Zoidberg says: "Whammy-wazzle!"
Slurms' music plays and the babes run in from the side and start dancing. Bender drinks a can.
Bender says: "Hey, that's not that bad."
The Slurm trickles out of the hole in his casing. Fry lies on the floor underneath so the Slurm runs straight into his mouth.
Fry says: "Mmm!"
He smiles.
Closing Credits.