[Scene says: "Planet Express Ship."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender play a futuristic version of chess."
[Scene says: "The pieces are holograms and include an Omicronian, a Trisolian, a Blob, a Amphibiosan and a Decapodian."
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "Horsey to pointy guy six."
Fry says: "Check."
Bender says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "Get him, boys!"
Fry screams as Bender's pieces leap off the board and knock him to the floor and beat him up.
Fry says: "Good move."
Opening Credits. Not Y3K Compliant.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry lies on the couch next to Bender and Leela leans against the wall reading Cosmopolitan."
[Scene says: "The door opens."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "We have a mission to further the noble cause of intergalactic peace."
Bender says: "Nope."
Bender says: "Watching cartoons."
Fry says: "Sorry."
Leela tips them off the couch.
Leela says: "What's the mission?"
Farnsworth says: "It's a delivery for the Democratic Order Of Planets."
He points at the label on the package that says "DOOP". Fry looks at it.
Fry says: "DOOP?"
Fry says: "What's that?"
Farnsworth says: "It's similar to the United Nations from your time, Fry."
Fry says: "Uh..."
Hermes says: "Or like the Federation from your Star Trek programme."
Fry says: "Oh!"
Farnsworth says: "Tonight is the ribbon-cutting for the DOOP's new headquarters."
Leela says: "What are we delivering?"
Farnsworth says: "Something without which no ribbon-cutting ceremony could proceed."
Farnsworth says: "The ceremonial oversized scissors."
He takes them out of the box and Leela takes them from him.
Leela says: "We'll get them there as quickly as we can."
Farnsworth says: "Alright, but don't run with them."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards the ultra-modern new DOOP space station located in the Neutral Zone and docks."
[Scene says: "New DOOP Headquarters."
[Scene says: "The crew walk into the huge reception area."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "There's a million aliens."
Fry says: "I've never seen anything so mind-blowing."
Fry says: "Ooh, a reception table with muffins!"
He runs across the room. Glab, an Amphibiosan, stands at a podium. A grey man dressed in grey and an orange DOOP sash stands behind her.
Glab says: "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the ribbon-cutting ceremony of the DOOP's magnificent new headquarters."
Glab says: "A fitting home for an organisation that has fostered peace throughout the universe."
Glab says: "Even between the Insectoids and the Space Lizards."
A spotlight falls on a Space Lizard who is eating an Insectoid. He spits out the Insectoid and shakes it's hand. Everyone applauds. At the bar, Fry picks at a muffin and chats up someone.
Fry says: "So, what's it like on planet Amazonia?"
The woman is a huge ten-foot tall Neanderthal wearing leopard-skin and carrying a club.
Amazonian says: "Big rats there."
Amazonian says: "Me crush with club."
Fry says: "That's so interesting."
Fry says: "Maybe we could get to know each other over a coffee."
Glab says: "I can think of no better place for this centre of diplomacy than here in orbit around the Neutral Planet."
Glab says: "What are your thoughts on this momentous occasion, Your Neutralness?"
Neutral President says: "I have no strong feelings one way or the other."
Everyone cheers, except one man.
Zapp says: "I hate these filthy Neutrals, Kif."
Zapp says: "With enemies you know where they stand but with Neutrals, who knows?"
Zapp says: "It sickens me."
Zapp says: "Why, Leela, I do believe we've met."
Bender says: "He means you guys did it."
Leela says: "If you don't mind, we're here to deliver the scissors for the ribbon-cutting."
Zapp says: "Then you're under arrest."
He snatches the scissors away.
Leela says: "What for?"
Zapp says: "How do I know these scissors aren't part of some Neutral plot?"
Leela says: "But they're not even sharp."
Leela says: "Who could I possibly hurt with them?"
Zapp says: "The Yarn People of Nylar 4?"
Zapp says: "So, a plan to assassinate a weird-looking alien with scissors."
Zapp says: "How very Neutral of you."
Leela says: "What?"
Zapp says: "It was almost the perfect crime, but you forgot one thing: Rock crushes scissors..."
Zapp says: "but paper covers rock..."
Zapp says: "and scissors cut paper."
Zapp says: "Kif, we have a conundrum."
Zapp says: "Search them for paper, and bring me a rock."
Kif says: "Why?"
Zapp stares at Leela.
Zapp says: "So beautiful, yet so neutral."
Zapp says: "Drag them to the ship."
Glab says: "And now, to cut the ribbon, the legendary DOOP captain who just returned from a triumphant carpet-bombing of Eden 7, Zapp Brannigan."
Everyone applauds and looks around in confusion. Zapp has gone.
[Scene says: "The Nimbus."
[Scene says: "It has moved away from the headquarters."
[Scene says: "Leela, Fry and Bender are handcuffed on the deserted bridge."
[Scene says: "Zapp paces around."
Zapp says: "What makes a man turn neutral?"
Zapp says: "Lust for gold?"
Zapp says: "Power?"
Zapp says: "Or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality?"
Kif points at the reception area on the viewscreen.
Kif says: "Um, sir, you're supposed to be cutting the ribbon right now."
Zapp says: "No matter."
Zapp says: "I'll simply cut it from here with the ship's laser."
He presses a button and a console comes out of the floor. Outside the ship a huge laser appears from a hatch.
Kif says: "Sir, I don't think that's wise."
Zapp says: "Kif, if there's one thing I don't need it's your I-don't-think-that's-wise attitude."
He grabs a handle on the console and moves it through Stun, Kill and Hyperdeath™. He presses the "Fire" button and shoots a laser beam towards the space station.
[Cut to says: "New DOOP Headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The laser cuts the ribbon and everyone applauds."
[Cut to says: "The laser carries on cutting and cuts a huge stone statue of Glab in half."
[Cut to says: "Everyone gasps."
[Cut to says: "The laser carries on cutting and everyone stands gobsmacked."
[Cut to says: "The station starts rumbling and explodes."
[Cut to says: "The reception area breaks off and hurtles off into space with everyone still screaming."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Bridge."
Zapp says: "Whoopsie-daisy!"
[Scene says: "Former DOOP Headquarters."
[Scene says: "The building in Weehauken, New Jersey, is a ruin with boarded-up windows and cracks in the walls."
[Scene says: "The DOOP representatives are gathered for Zapp's trial, which Glab presides over."
[Scene says: "She bangs her gavel."
Glab says: "Zapp Brannigan, you stand accused of blowing up DOOP headquarters."
Glab says: "How do you plead?"
Zapp says: "Absolutely 99% not guilty."
Glab says: "Then the prosecutor will call his first witness."
The prosecutor is a giant, green chicken with tiny glasses perched on his beak. He stands up and speaks with a strong Southern American accent.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, I'm just a simple Hyper-Chicken from a backwoods asteroid but if it please the court I reckon I'll call the entire jury."
Everyone gasps and murmurs.
Glab says: "I'm going to allow this."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Members of the jury..."
Hyper-Chicken says: "..."
Hyper-Chicken says: "did y'all happen to catch a gander at who blew up that there DOOP headquarters?"
They point at Zapp.
Juror #1 says: "That's the guy, right there."
Juror #2 says: "Oh, yeah, right there."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "That one."
Hyper-Chicken says: "And are y'all gonna vote to convict him?"
Neptunian says: "You'd better believe it."
Juror #1 says: "You bet."
Glab bangs her gavel.
Glab says: "The jury is instructed to disregard its own testimony."
Hyper-Chicken says: "Your Honour, the prosecution rests."
He clucks and covers his face with his wing.
Glab says: "The evidence against Zapp Brannigan is strong."
Glab says: "However, in light of his years of service, and the incompetence of this hillbilly prosecutor, I'm afraid I must dismiss all charges."
The crowd murmurs.
Leela says: "Dismiss all charges?"
Leela says: "Your Honour, I know the case is closed and you've rendered your verdict, but I wanna testify."
Glab says: "I'm going to allow this."
Time Lapse. Leela sits in the witness box.
Hyper-Chicken says: "Now, Miss Leela, on the date in question, were you or were you not wearing a hoop skirt?"
Leela says: "That's a stupid question."
Leela says: "What matters is Zapp Brannigan is the sorriest captain I've ever seen, and I saw the idiot blow up DOOP headquarters with my own eye."
The crowd gasps. Zapp stands up.
Zapp says: "I'd like to cross-examine the witness."
Glab says: "I'm going to allow this."
Zapp paces past Leela.
Zapp says: "We've met before have we not?"
Leela says: "Yes."
Zapp says: "And on that occasion, did you have sex with someone?"
Zapp says: "May I remind you you are still under oath."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Yes."
Zapp says: "Please point out the person in this courtroom you had sex with."
Zapp says: "And his name is?"
Leela says: "Zapp Brannigan."
Zapp says: "The very same Zapp Brannigan who did not blow up DOOP headquarters."
Zapp says: "I rest my case."
Glab says: "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you may begin your deliberations."
The jury files out through one door and returns immediately through another. Small Glurmo #1 is the foreman.
Small Glurmo #1 says: "Your Honour, we have reached a verdict."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "We find the defendant..."
Small Glurmo #1 says: "guilty."
Leela hoots.
Glab says: "Zapp Brannigan, you are hereby stripped of your rank as captain and dismissed from the DOOP."
Zapp cries as he turns and walks towards the door. He stops before he reaches it and turns to the court.
Zapp says: "I'd like to make one final statement."
Zapp says: "Kif, c'mere and hold up the flag."
Zapp says: "And wave it a little, for God's sakes."
Zapp says: "My friends, you can take away a man's title and his uniform but you can never take away his integrity or his honour."
Zapp says: "Plus it was mostly Kif's fault."
Kif drops the flag.
Kif says: "What?"
Glab says: "Kif Kroker, you are also stripped of your rank and dishonourably discharged."
Kif stammers and sighs.
[Scene says: "Outside Former DOOP Headquarters."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Kif emerge from the building in civilian clothes."
Zapp says: "One day a man has everything, the next day he blows up a $400 billion space station and the next day he has nothing."
Zapp says: "It makes you think."
Kif says: "No, it doesn't."
Zapp says: "Come, Kif, it's time to begin our life as civilians."
Zapp says: "That's an order, soldier."
Kif reluctantly follows.
['Montage says: "Zapp and Kif wander through the streets of New New York to Harry Nilsson's Everybody's Talkin à la Midnight Cowboy."
['Montage says: "They stare into the window of a cafe and watch people eating then turn to passers-by on the street."
['Montage says: "Kif starts to dance and Zapp holds up a pot which passers by drop money into."
['Montage says: "Later that night, Zapp stands on a street corner and a limo pulls up."
['Montage says: "The window goes down and Zapp winks and offers himself to Hattie."
['Montage says: "She shakes her head and points at Kif."
['Montage says: "Kif gasps and Zapp ushers him into the car."
['Montage says: "The door closes and it speeds off."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender wash the ship."
Fry says: "Hey, Bender?"
Bender says: "Yeah?"
Fry squirts him with the hose and he giggles and throws his sponge at Fry, who ducks. The sponge flies over his head and hits Leela in the face.
Leela says: "Alright, this is the third hose fight I've broken up today and the second one using actual hoses."
Leela says: "Now move your lazy asses and start scrubbing the ship like I ordered you to."
Fry says: "You don't have to get so mad, Leela."
Bender says: "Yeah, Fry already wiped off some of the dirt with his finger."
He points at a doodle Fry has done of Leela and a speech bubble with "Yak Yak Yak" in it. Leela growls. The doorbell rings and she goes to answer.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Entrance."
[Cut to says: "She opens the door to a down-and-out Zapp and Kif."
Leela says: "Zapp?"
Zapp says: "Leela, I didn't know where else to turn."
Zapp says: "You're the only woman who ever loved me."
Leela says: "I never loved you."
Zapp says: "I mean physically."
Leela says: "What do you want?"
Zapp says: "Just let me work for a little food."
Zapp says: "Perhaps I could paint a fence, or service you sexually, or mop the floors."
Leela says: "You don't know how to do any of those things."
Zapp says: "Kif might."
Leela prepares to press the slam button when Farnsworth turns up.
Farnsworth says: "Leela, who are you talking to?"
Zapp says: "Just a broken-down hobo who's hit rock-bottom."
Zapp says: "And his commanding officer."
Farnsworth says: "Why, you're that disgraced starship captain."
Farnsworth says: "Come in."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Zapp and Kif join the staff around the table."
Farnsworth says: "I'd like everyone to meet our new employees."
Farnsworth says: "Which ones are new?"
Hermes says: "The green dude and the fat man."
Farnsworth says: "Hmm, I could swear I've never seen that robot before either."
Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Bender says: "You know?"
Bender says: "The lovable rascal."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes, yes."
Farnsworth says: "My good friend, of course."
Farnsworth says: "Anyway, whoever you all are, I have good news."
Farnsworth says: "You'll be making a delivery to Stumbos 4, a planet with such high gravity you'll most likely be crushed under the weight of your own hair."
Farnsworth says: "Enjoy!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies towards the green planet."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "Zapp peers around the doorway and watches Leela pilot the ship."
[Cut to says: "He turns away and the door closes."
Zapp says: "So, this Leela."
Zapp says: "I know she's a very sensuous woman but what manner of captain is she?"
Fry says: "She's really strict."
Bender says: "And mean."
Zapp says: "I see."
Zapp says: "Does she by any chance give the crewmembers spankings?"
Fry says: "No, she just makes us do work and stuff."
Zapp says: "Good, good."
Zapp says: "But should she ever institute some sort of bare-bottom spanking policy, let me go in your place."
Zapp says: "I won't have my comrades harmed."
Bender says: "Hey, this guy's alright!"
He takes some bottles of LöBrau Beer out of his chest cabinet and passes them around.
Zapp says: "Here's to us poor schmoes working for the man."
Zapp says: "Even if he is a hot, sexy, female man."
They guzzle down the beers.
[Scene says: "The ship goes into orbit around the planet."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Kif stands next to Leela."
Kif says: "I've computed out landing co-ordinates, Captain."
Leela says: "Thanks, Kif."
Leela says: "Very nice work."
Kif sighs then stops.
Kif says: "Wait, what?"
Leela says: "I said "very nice work"."
Kif says: "This is the happiest day of my life."
He hugs her.
[Scene says: "Stumbos 4."
[Scene says: "The ship lands and the landing gear creaks and groans under the immense gravity."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "Leela has assembled Fry, Bender and Zapp and holds a clipboard."
Leela says: "OK, crew, listen up."
Leela says: "Your job is to delivery these 40 pillows to that hotel."
She points through the window at a hotel on a hill. Bender holds a pillow.
Bender says: "They're not very heavy but you don't hear me not complaining."
Leela says: "They're not heavy in here because we have an anti-grav pump."
Leela says: "But once you get out on the surface the gravity will be very intense."
Fry says: "Hey, no prob', this lead apron'll protect me."
Leela rips it off him.
Leela says: "I don't want any screw-ups."
Leela says: "Use the hover-dolly and just deliver one pillow at a time."
She leaves.
Bender says: "Hey, here's an idea, let's deliver all the pillows at once."
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Zapp says: "That's using the old noodle!"
[Scene says: "Stumbos 4 Surface."
[Scene says: "The cargo lift comes down and Zapp pushes the hover-dolly off it with all the pillows on it."
[Scene says: "The three are hit by the high gravity."
[Scene says: "Bender struggles to stay upright but his legs are crushed under him."
[Scene says: "Fry tries as well but his legs buckle."
[Scene says: "Zapp struggles too."
Zapp says: "Come on, girdle."
Zapp says: "Hold!"
His girdle breaks and his huge flabby gut spills out from under his sweatshirt. He groans. So does the hover-dolly. Then it breaks.
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
Leela and Kif walk down the ship's steps. Her hair is pushed flat and Kif is squished.
Leela says: "What the hell happened?"
Bender says: "Some breaking occurred, the dolly was involved, that's about all we know."
Leela says: "I told you dumb apes not to overload it."
Leela says: "Each of those pillows weighs 150lbs here."
Fry says: "Alright, don't get your panties in a knot."
Fry says: "We'll just use the back-up dolly."
Bender says: "I'll start loading up the pillows."
Leela says: "No way, Jack."
Leela says: "You disobeyed an order, so now you have to deliver all 40 pillows by hand."
Zapp says: "Let me ask you a serious question, Leela: Does the company that made your bra make a girdle as well?"
Zapp says: "I ask because a friend of mine..."
Leela says: "Just get to work."
Time Lapse. Fry, Zapp and Bender drag the pillows across the surface, leaving huge furrows in the ground.
Bender says: "I'm Leela, get to work, neh, neh, neh."
Fry says: "I agree."
[Scene says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela looks bored stiff listening to Kif."
Kif says: "The point is, it's just so humiliating working for that man."
Kif says: "Once, he actually ordered me to..."
Kif says: "shave his armpits while he was in the bathtub."
Leela says: "Y'know, why don't we talk about something besides Zapp for a while?"
Kif says: "Oh, alright."
Kif says: "Um..."
Kif says: "well..."
Kif says: "how 'bout then, um..."
Kif says: "OK, well, there he was in the tub, alright?"
Leela sighs.
[Scene says: "Stumbos 4."
[Scene says: "Zapp, Fry and Bender continue the delivery."
[Scene says: "They struggle and stop."
[Scene says: "Thunder cracks above."
Fry says: "Ah, some good old high-gravity rain."
Fry says: "That'll cool us off."
He holds his tongue out and the heavy rain knocks him to the ground. They crawl under a rock out of the rain.
Bender says: "This is all Leela's fault."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "If she had let us use the back-up dolly, we could have broken it, given up and gone home by now."
Zapp says: "Y'know, boys, a good captain needs many skills, such as boldness, daring and a velour uniform."
Zapp says: "And I'm not convinced Leela has any of those things."
Fry says: "Ah, Leela's not that bad."
Fry says: "I just wish she didn't make us work so much."
Zapp says: "Back when I was captain all I asked from my men was their complete loyalty."
Zapp says: "If I had that, then for all I cared they could sit around the whole day drinking beer in their underpants."
Bender says: "Beer?"
Fry says: "Underpants?"
He and Bender look at each other and grin.
[Scene says: "ship's Cockpit."
Kif says: "But now, Zapp's not captain anymore."
Kif says: "I'm free!"
Kif says: "Oh, you hear that?"
Kif says: "I'm actually laughing!"
Enter Zapp, Fry and Bender.
Fry says: "This is a mutiny."
Kif sighs.
Bender says: "You're outta here, lady."
Bender says: "Zapp's the new captain."
Zapp handcuffs Leela. Fry already has his shirt off and raises a beer.
Fry says: "All hail the new captain."
He unzips his trousers and lets them fall down.
[Scene says: "The ship speeds away from Stumbos 4."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Zapp sits in the pilot's seat."
Zapp says: "Leela, you might be a formidable do-er of the nasty but I am forced to relieve you of your post."
Leela says: "On what grounds, you slobbering oaf?"
Zapp says: "Failure to prevent a mutiny."
Zapp says: "Throw her in the brig."
Fry says: "We don't have a brig."
Zapp says: "Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig"."
[Scene says: "ship's Laundry Room."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry lead Leela inside."
Leela says: "You really don't want me to be captain anymore?"
Bender says: "You got it, genius."
Leela says: "But, didn't I do a good job?"
Fry says: "You were mean and you yelled and you made us do all that work."
Leela says: "Sometimes a captain needs to do those things."
Leela says: "Besides I, I thought we were friends."
Fry says: "Yeah, well, you shouldn't have been such a mean captain then."
He turns and leaves.
Bender says: "Don't worry, Leela."
Bender says: "Soon we'll be able to look back on this and laugh."
He walks out, looks back and laughs insanely.
[Cut to says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Bender return."
[Cut to says: "Zapp wears his DOOP uniform."
Zapp says: "Back in my old uniform, and it nearly still fits."
Zapp says: "Even after all that fattening hobo cuisine."
Kif, back in his uniform too, holds up Zapp's other clothes.
Kif says: "What shall I do with your civilian clothes, sir?"
Zapp says: "Take them to the laundry-brig."
Zapp says: "So, do I have your loyalty, men?"
Bender says: "To the ends of the universe."
Fry says: "Ten hundred percent!"
Zapp says: "That's not nearly loyal enough."
Zapp says: "I order you to sit around and drink beer until you're as loyal as Kif here."
He hands them some beers and Kif returns.
Bender says: "Yes, sir, sir!"
Kif says: "Um, may I have a beer, sir?"
Zapp says: "No."
Zapp says: "You're loyal enough already."
Zapp says: "Meanwhile, I have a plan."
Zapp says: "We will single-handedly attack our archenemy the Neutral Planet."
Kif says: "Oh, jeez."
Zapp says: "Once the neutral war machine lies in ruins, I'll be a hero again and the DOOP will reinstate me as captain."
Kif says: "But, sir, that plan makes no sense."
Zapp says: "Maybe not to you, Kif, but if I recall correctly, you were court-martialled in disgrace."
Fry says: "Ooh, burn!"
Bender says: "Nailed you, buddy!"
They clink their bottles.
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards the neutrally grey Neutral Planet."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Zapp is in the pilot's seat and Fry and Bender man their stations."
Zapp says: "Prepare to continue the epic struggle between good and neutral."
Fry says: "This is awesome!"
Fry says: "We're gonna be like pow-pow-pow, and they're gonna be like..."
Fry says: "..."
Fry says: "and then we'll have pancakes to celebrate and I'll be like..."
He makes pancake-eating noises.
Zapp says: "Precisely."
Zapp says: "Now, in the name of all that is good and honourable, we'll call the Neutral President with a message of peace, then blast him."
Bender says: "Yes, sir, sirdy-sir-sir-sir!"
Zapp says: "Fly the white flag of war."
[Scene says: "The white flag is hoisted on a flagpole atop the ship's laser turret."
[Scene says: "Neutral Capitol."
[Scene says: "The Neutral headquarters, located in Neutropolis, bears the motto "Live Free Or Don't"."
[Scene says: "The Neutral President's office is quite small and decorated with various shades of grey."
[Scene says: "He sits at his desk and an aide stands next to him."
[Scene says: "Zapp is on a large wall screen."
Zapp says: "This is Zapp Brannigan of the good ship..."
Zapp says: "Planet Express Ship."
Zapp says: "I come swinging the olive branch of peace."
Neutral President's Aide says: "Should we trust him, Your Neutralness?"
Neutral President says: "All I know is my gut says maybe."
[Cut to says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Zapp turns the communication screen off."
Bender says: "What now, chief?"
Zapp says: "Now we crash the ship into their headquarters, killing them in a hellish firestorm from which no living thing can escape."
Fry says: "Good, good, then what?"
Zapp says: "Then your mission is complete."
Zapp says: "I, meanwhile, will have ejected to safety, wearing the only spacesuit on board."
Fry and Bender cheer and high-five.
Fry says: "Wait a second."
Fry says: "Is this plan gonna kill us?"
Zapp says: "Of course."
Zapp says: "What do you think I meant by "loyalty"?"
Zapp says: "Now help me into the only spacesuit."
Zapp says: "It looks a bit sweaty in there so you may need to apply baby powder."
[Scene says: "ship's Laundry Room."
[Scene says: "Leela, still handcuffed, folds some sheets while Kif pours some washing powder into a cup."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender run in."
Fry says: "Leela, we want you to be captain again."
Leela says: "Let me guess."
Leela says: "He cancelled naptime?"
Leela says: "So he's about to kill us?"
They nod.
[Scene says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Zapp is now wearing the spacesuit."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela, Kif, Fry and Bender."
Fry says: "We want Leela to be captain again."
Zapp says: "So it's mutiny, is it?"
Zapp says: "I never thought I'd see the day."
Zapp says: "Come, Kif, let's eject."
Zapp says: "I found a children's spacesuit you can wear."
Kif says: "To be honest, sir, I'd rather stay here with Captain Leela."
Leela shoves the helmet on his head and Zapp puts the suit on him which is decorated with stars and planets. He picks him up using a handle on the back and Kif kicks and mumbles before finally sighing. They leave the room and fly away from the ship. Leela wrestles with the wheel.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "He's disabled the steering."
Leela says: "We're gonna crash!"
Bender says: "Leela save me..."
Bender says: "and yourself, I guess..."
Bender says: "and my banjo."
Bender says: "And Fry."
Leela says: "OK, OK."
Leela says: "We have one chance."
Leela says: "Are you willing to do what I say as captain?"
Fry says: "Absolutely."
Leela says: "Even if I make you work hard?"
Bender says: "As your God is my witness."
Leela says: "Then go get the hover-dolly you didn't break and load all the dark matter into the left engine."
Bender says: "Oh, man, that crap's heavy."
Fry says: "And warm."
Leela says: "Just do it."
[Scene says: "The ship streaks through the planet's atmosphere and starts to burn up."
[Cut to says: "Neutral Capitol."
[Cut to says: "An alarm dings and the aide runs in."
Neutral President's Aide says: "Your Neutralness, it's a beige alert."
Neutral President says: "If I don't survive, tell my wife, "Hello"."
[Scene says: "ship's Cockpit."
[Scene says: "Leela turns on the communication screen."
Leela says: "Hurry!"
Leela says: "I don't wanna die at the age of 25."
Bender says: "Honey, unless we hit a time warp, I wouldn't worry about it."
[Cut to says: "ship's Engine Room."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Bender pull the dolly towards the left engine."
Fry says: "It's too low."
Bender says: "Quick."
He lies underneath the dolly and Fry works him like a car jack, tipping the pellets into the fire.
[Cut to says: "Outside Ship."
[Cut to says: "The ship's engine flares up and it turns away from the planet."
[Scene says: "ship's Cockpit."
Leela says: "You did it!"
Leela says: "You actually did it!"
Fry and Bender cheer and high-five.
Fry says: "And no one will have to punish anyone for the mutiny."
[Scene says: "Former DOOP Headquarters."
[Scene says: "Everyone is back in the courtroom again."
Zapp says: "And so, when Captain Leela panicked, perhaps distracted by female troubles, my quick thinking allowed me to do whatever I did to save the day."
Glab says: "Captain Leela, is this rambling story of magic and heroism true?"
Farnsworth says: "That a girl!"
Farnsworth says: "If they don't take him back we can keep him as captain."
Zapp winks at Leela and "click-clicks". She stands up.
Leela says: "Your Honour, it's all true: My female incompetence, Zapp's cat-like reflexes, the stuff that made no sense, all of it."
The crowd gasps.
Glab says: "In that case, Zapp Brannigan, I hereby restore your rank and parking privileges."
She bangs her gavel and the crowd cheers. Fry hugs Bender and high-fives Leela.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, foo!"
Zapp says: "Come, Kif, we've got work to do."
He mimes shaving his armpits and tosses Kif the razor. Kif sighs and turns to Leela.
Kif says: "I-I'll call and tell you about it."
She sighs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Leela looks over the railings and watches Fry and Bender scrub the ship."
Fry says: "Leela, I just want you to know that even though you're mean, you're the best captain ever."
Leela smiles.
Bender says: "Yeah, you're one dynamite lady."
Bender says: "Can we have a week off?"
Leela says: "No."
Fry says: "Please?"
Bender says: "Come on, Captain."
Leela says: "Oh, alright."
Farnsworth passes behind her.
Farnsworth says: "No time off."
Fry says: "Aw, man."
Leela says: "Let's mutiny!"
Closing Credits.