[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Based On a True Story."
[Scene says: "Catskills Lodge."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Bender, Farnsworth, Zoidberg, and Amy are on a ski holiday."
[Scene says: "The room is packed with people waiting for a show."
Announcer says: "Ladies and gentlemen, Conan O'Brien's head."
The audience cheer.
O'Brien says: "Thank you, thank you."
O'Brien says: "Let's get started."
O'Brien says: "Max, play me over."
O'Brien says: "So, people are getting pretty worried about this Y2K problem, huh?"
Bender says: "No, they fixed that 900 years ago."
O'Brien says: "Just bear with me, sir."
Bender says: "I doubt it!"
O'Brien says: "Listen, pal, I may have lost my freakishly long legs in the war of 2012 but I've still got something you'll never have: A soul!"
Bender says: "Eh."
O'Brien says: "And freckles!"
O'Brien says: "Well, I'm out of material."
O'Brien says: "You can catch me next week at the Andromeda Chuckle Hut."
O'Brien says: "Enjoy your breakfast."
The audience applauds.
[Scene says: "Catskill Mountains."
[Scene says: "The staff are geared up for skiing."
[Scene says: "They walk away from the lodge."
Bender says: "Ah, let's face it: Comedy's a dead art form."
Bender says: "Now, tragedy..."
Bender says: "That's funny!"
Farnsworth says: "Come on, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "Perhaps some skiing will help us forget the mouldy old antics of Conan O'Brien."
Amy says: "Yeah!"
Leela says: "Great idea!"
Zoidberg says: "We can only hope!"
Time Lapse. Fry and Leela are on the ski lift.
Fry says: "This snow is beautiful."
Fry says: "I'm glad global warming never happened."
Leela says: "Actually it did."
Leela says: "But thank God nuclear winter cancelled it out."
The lift tips them off and they ski over to Bender.
Fry says: "Hi!"
Bender says: "Enough of your mindless chitchat, let's get going."
Hermes and Zoidberg are on the ski lift but it isn't moving.
Hermes says: "Jah damnit!"
Hermes says: "We're stuck."
Zoidberg says: "At least you're not cold-blooded!"
He puts a glove over his mouth.
Hermes says: "Sweet lion of Zion!"
Hermes says: "Look at the Professor go."
He points at Farnsworth who skis expertly down the slope. He is actually asleep.
Time Lapse. Fry and Leela ski.
Fry says: "Look out!"
Fry says: "We're heading straight for those trees!"
Leela says: "Yeah, yeah, relax."
Leela says: "Trees down."
Trees says: "Trees down."
The trees go down and Fry and Leela ski over them.
Fry says: "Cool."
Fry says: "Hey, what do you do if you want the trees up?"
Trees says: "Trees up."
The trees go up and one takes Fry with it.
Fry says: "Trees down!"
Trees says: "Trees down."
They go back down and Fry gets buried under the snow with one. Bender speeds past on a snowboard. He is wearing a red and blue hat and has a cigar in his mouth.
Bender says: "Lookin' good, meatball!"
A man skis alongside Bender.
Man #1 says: "Excuse me, sir, you're snowboarding off the trail."
Bender says: "Lick my frozen, metal ass."
Bender says: "Uh-oh!"
He falls over the edge of a cliff and screams as he falls towards a frozen lake. Children skate on the ice. Bender plummets straight through the surface. The ice around cracks and the children fall in. They scream.
Child says: "Mommy!"
Zoidberg skis with his feet on one ski and his claws on another. He comes to a stop at the bobsled run. Hermes is in a bobsled car and Fry stands behind him.
Zoidberg says: "You, a bobsledder?"
Zoidberg says: "That I'd like to see!"
Hermes says: "Listen, you filthy crab, a thousand years ago there was a legendary team of Jamaican bobsledders."
Fry says: "Yup, I remember."
Fry says: "They came in last at the Olympics then retired to promote alcoholic beverages."
Hermes says: "A true inspiration for the children."
Hermes says: "Nooo!"
Zoidberg laughs, slips, falls and slides down the track after Hermes. Fry laughs.
Fry says: "Oh, what the hell!"
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Catskills Lodge."
[Scene says: "Amy chats up a man in a cast."
Amy says: "You poor man."
Amy says: "What happened to you?"
Amy says: "Oh, excuse me."
Amy says: "Hello, there!"
Farnsworth skis into the lodge and wakes up to discover a bronze medal around his neck.
Farnsworth says: "Wha?"
Time Lapse. The staff all sport various injuries and sit around a blazing fire with their feet up.
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "Nothing like a warm fire and a Super Soaker of fine cognac."
He squirts some into his mouth.
Fry says: "Yeah, it really puts you in the Christmas spirit."
Farnsworth says: "What-mas?"
Fry says: "Christmas."
Fry says: "You know?"
Fry says: "X-M-A-S."
Leela says: "Oh, you mean Xmas."
Leela says: "You must be using an archaic pronunciation."
Leela says: "Like when you say "ask" instead of "aks"."
Fry says: "Xmas, huh?"
Fry says: "Y'know, this'll be my first Xmas away from home."
Leela says: "Hey, hey."
Leela says: "Let me aks you something: Would it cheer you up if we went and cut down an Xmas tree?"
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Fry says: "An old-fashioned Xmas tree!"
[Scene says: "Forest."
[Scene says: "Fry seems disappointed that Xmas trees are palm trees."
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "These aren't Xmas trees!"
Farnsworth says: "Eh, wha?"
Fry says: "They're supposed to be some kinda, you know, pine tree."
Farnsworth says: "Pine trees have been extinct for 800 years, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "Gone the way of the poodle and your primitive notions of modesty."
Farnsworth says: "Ah!"
Farnsworth says: "Brisk!"
Fry says: "This isn't the way Christmas is supposed to be."
Farnsworth says: "There, there."
He leans against Fry and pats his shoulder.
Fry says: "Everything's changed."
Leela says: "That's not true."
She swings an axe and a laser on the end cuts through a palm tree. It falls.
The ship flies across New New York with the Xmas tree tied to the roof. It lands in the Planet Express hangar.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg puts down a box marked "Xmas Decorations" and cuts the tape with his claw."
[Scene says: "Bender rocks back and forth in a chair with Nibbler on his lap."
Bender says: ": Xmas tree, oh, Xmas tree!"
Bender says: "Bah-boo-bee-boo-bah-bee-boh."
Leela sits on the arm of a couch in front of the fire and Fry sits next to her on the couch. The Xmas tree is in the middle of the room. Farnsworth leads a string of lights around the bottom of the trunk. Amy takes a star out of a box and uses a jet pack to get to the top of the tree. She hits her head on the ceiling.
Amy says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Every Christmas my mom would get a fresh goose for goose burgers and my dad would whip up his special eggnog out of bourbon and ice cubes."
Fry says: "This dumb holiday just makes me think of all the things I left behind."
Fry says: "Let's just stop talking about Xmas."
Enter Hermes with some envelopes.
Hermes says: "Happy Xmas, Xmas people!"
Hermes says: "Xmas cards have arrived!"
Hermes says: "Xmas!"
Hermes says: "Amy, there you go."
Hermes says: "Fry, Professor, Zoidberg, a mighty haul for Bender."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "I got the most!"
Bender says: "I win Xmas!"
Hermes says: "And last, but not least, the sweet flower of the office: Me."
Hermes says: "Hermes Conrad."
Leela is disappointed. Bender looks at his card. On the front is an ASCII Xmas tree.
Bender says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "Ah, a picture of my mommy."
Zoidberg says: "Huh?"
Zoidberg says: "What's this?"
Zoidberg says: "Instead of "Claus" he writes "Claws"!"
Zoidberg says: "Now that's humorous."
Zoidberg says: "Today's comedians could learn from this card."
Leela watches the others. She sighs and walks out.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Leela opens her locker and gets out a photo album."
[Scene says: "She looks at photos of her childhood."
[Scene says: "One shows her as a baby in an area marked "Abandoned Property"."
[Scene says: "Another shows her outside the Orphanarium, smiling."
[Scene says: "Children point at her and laugh."
[Scene says: "Another shows her at her senior prom with no date."
[Scene says: "She closes the album and a tear falls onto it."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
Fry says: "What's the point of Xmas when everyone you know died a thousand years ago?"
Fry says: "I'm the loneliest person on Earth."
Fry says: "Yoiks!"
Fry says: "What was that about?"
Amy says: "Fluh!"
Amy says: "She's an orphan."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, and the only one of her species in all the known universe."
Farnsworth says: "What a lonely life."
He walks away, shaking his head.
Fry says: "My God!"
Fry says: "Poor Leela."
Bender says: "Oh, man, I gotta work on my act!"
Time Lapse. Fry has taken off his jacket.
Fry says: "I feel like a rat."
Fry says: "Here I am whining like a pig while all along Leela was lonely as a frog."
Fry says: "I could kick myself."
Amy says: "I'll do it for you."
She kicks him in the shin.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Thanks."
Farnsworth says: "You should be ashamed of yourself, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "You'd have to be blind not to notice that Leela's a cyclops."
He is actually talking to Hermes.
Hermes says: "Fry's over there, man."
Farnsworth says: "Oh?"
He adjust his glasses and looks around the room. Bender sits in a chair with his feet up.
Bender says: "Xmas Eve; another pointless day where I accomplish nothing."
He slurps brandy and turns the TV on to the news.
Linda says: "The holiday season is a time of celebration for most."
Linda says: "But it is also a time to remember the tragic suffering of the less fortunate."
Morbo says: "Earthlings do not yet know the meaning of suffering."
He cackles. Linda chuckles.
Linda says: "Homeless robots, too poor to afford even the basic alcohol they need to fuel their circuits."
Linda says: "Is there anything sadder?"
Linda says: "Only drowning puppies."
Linda says: "And there would have to be a lot of them."
Bender heads for the door.
Amy says: "Where are you going, Bender?"
Bender says: "To volunteer at a liquor kitchen for homeless robots."
Hermes says: "Yeah, right!"
Hermes says: "As if you ever did anything charitable."
Bender says: "I'm very generous."
Bender says: "What about that time I gave blood?"
Fry says: "Whose blood?"
Bender says: "Some guy's."
He leaves.
Fry says: "I've got to do something to show Leela how sorry I am."
Zoidberg says: "So what's the problem?"
Zoidberg says: "Just get down on your claws and do the apology dance."
He starts scuttling and singing.
Fry says: "So it's left, left, right-- Wait!"
Fry says: "I have a better idea!"
Fry says: "I'll go out and get her the perfect Xmas present."
Fry says: "Something so great she'll never want to be unhappy again."
Hermes says: "Just be back by sundown, mon."
Fry says: "We'll see."
Fry says: "I like to haggle."
Amy says: "You can't stay out on Xmas Eve."
Amy says: "You'll be killed!"
Fry says: "Say what?"
Farnsworth says: "Good Lord!"
Farnsworth says: "He doesn't know about Santa Claus."
Fry says: "I know about Santa Claus."
He winks.
Farnsworth says: "Back in 2801, the Friendly Robot Company built a robotic Santa to determine who'd be naughty and who'd been nice and distribute presents accordingly."
Farnsworth says: "But something went wrong."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "2801!"
Fry says: "Anyway..."
He turns to leave.
Farnsworth says: "Wait, you fool!"
Farnsworth says: "Due to a programming error, Santa's standards were set too high and he invariably judges everyone to be naughty."
Amy says: "If he catches you after dark, he'll chop off your head and stuff your neck full of toys from his sack of horrors."
Fry gulps.
Farnsworth says: "Nice meeting you."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Bender is dressed as a homeless robot, wearing a torn woollen hat and fingerless gloves."
[Scene says: "He walks into Our Motherboard of Mercy Liquor Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Our Motherboard of Mercy Liquor Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Bender is greeted by the Preacherbot."
Preacherbot says: "Welcome, brother!"
Preacherbot says: "May the blessings of the season be upon you."
Bender says: "Yeah, yeah, amen."
Bender says: "Listen, I'm one of those lazy homeless bums I've been hearing about."
Bender says: "Could you point me to the free booze."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
[Scene says: "Alien Overlord & Taylor."
[Scene says: "The department store advertises an Xmas Sale with "3% Off"."
Fry says: "There's this girl who I really like but she thinks I'm a jerk."
Fry says: "Can you help me?"
Salesman #1 says: "Yeah, there's a suicide booth in the food court."
Salesman #1 says: "Though there's a line this time of year."
Fry says: "No, I need to get her a gift."
Fry says: "And I need it before sundown."
Salesman #1 says: "Well, you can't go wrong with something traditional."
Salesman #1 says: "A Surface-to-Santa rocket launcher."
Salesman #1 says: "It comes with three jolly-seeking missiles."
Fry laughs.
Fry says: "That's funny!"
A missile points itself at Fry.
Salesman #1 says: "Careful, sir!"
[Scene says: "Our Motherboard of Mercy Liquor Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Bender finishes off his seventh bowl of liquor."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah!"
Bender says: "You filthy hobos sure know how to live."
Bender says: "Hey, chief, someone's stealing your handkerchief full of crap."
The robot turns around and Bender steals his bowl. A little robot with a leg missing holds out a bowl to the Preacherbot.
Tinny Tim says: "Excuse me, sir?"
Tinny Tim says: "Might I have a sip of booze?"
Preacherbot says: "I'm sorry, Tinny Tim."
Preacherbot says: "Seems we ran out early tonight."
Tinny Tim says: "I understand."
He turns, coughs, and limps away.
Bender says: "My God!"
Bender says: "That poor kid!"
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Joe's Ark Pet Store."
Fry says: "You're the last store open."
Fry says: "I need something for my friend Leela."
Fry says: "Just give me your best animal."
Salesman #2 says: "Best?"
Salesman #2 says: "Well that's a matter of opinion."
Salesman #2 says: "I personally like the Electric Snail."
He picks up the snail in a jar. The shell sparks like a Jacob's ladder.
Fry says: "That's a stupid animal."
Fry says: "You're stupid!"
Fry says: "I said I want the best one."
Fry says: "Now which costs more?"
Fry says: "The parrot or the Stink Lizard?"
Salesman #2 says: "The lizards are a buck each, the parrot is $500."
Fry whistles.
Fry says: "That's a hell of a good parrot."
Fry says: "Although, I could get 500 lizards for the same price."
Fry says: "Girls like swarms of lizards, right?"
Salesman #2 says: "Sir, the store is closing in two minutes."
Fry says: "Alright, I'll take the 500 lizards."
Fry says: "No, wait, yes."
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Yes."
Fry says: "Yes."
Fry says: "Yes!"
Fry says: "The parrot!"
The parrot squawks.
[Scene says: "Outside Joe's Ark Pet Store."
[Scene says: "Fry walks away with his parrot and the shop closes."
Fry says: "Well, I spent every penny I had but I bet Leela's gonna love you."
Fry says: "Stupid bird!"
Fry says: "I know where you live."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Amy ties a ribbon around a present."
[Scene says: "She holds the knot with her finger and Zoidberg cuts off the excess."
[Scene says: "On the other side of the room, Farnsworth and Hermes play chess naked."
[Scene says: "Enter Leela."
Amy says: "Hey, it's Leela."
Leela says: "Sorry I stormed out before."
Leela says: "I didn't mean to ruin everyone's Xmas."
Farnsworth says: "Huh?"
Farnsworth says: "You were gone?"
Leela says: "It's just that I get tired of Fry always only thinking of himself."
Hermes says: "I hear that!"
Hermes says: "I aks him to set the table, instead he goes out to buy you a present."
Hermes says: "Selfish dog."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "You mean he's still out?"
Leela says: "His life's in danger!"
Zoidberg says: "Why?"
Leela says: "I'm telling you why."
Leela says: "Santa Claus is coming to town!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "The parrot flies towards a tall building with a large digital clock face."
[Scene says: "Fry looks up at it from the street."
Fry says: "Alright, bird, you thought you could beat me in a game of wits."
Fry says: "But you just met your equal."
[Cut to says: "Outside Building."
[Cut to says: "Fry opens a hatch and steps out onto the clock face."
[Cut to says: "He drops the cage and gulps."
[Cut to says: "The parrot edges away from him."
[Cut to says: "He steps closer to it."
[Cut to says: "The parrot moves to the edge."
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "Cornered!"
He leaps for the bird but it flies away before he can get a hold of it. He loses his balance and falls. He grabs onto the "2"on the clock. It changes to a "3" then a "4". He falls a little further. It changes to a "5", a "6" and then a "7". With nothing to hold on to, he falls. Leela grabs him from a hatch.
Leela says: "Hi, there!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Oh, my God!"
Fry says: "You saved my life."
Fry says: "I am gonna get you so many lizards!"
Leela smiles.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela walk out of the building."
Leela says: "You didn't need to buy me a present, Fry."
Fry says: "I just wanted to do something to make you happy."
Fry says: "I mean, I miss my family but you never even had a family."
Leela says: "It's OK."
Leela says: "You're lonely and I'm lonely."
Leela says: "But, together, we're lonely together."
They hold hands.
Fry says: "Merry Xmas, Leela."
Leela says: "Merry Xmas."
A huge shadow creeps over them followed by two loud bangs. They turn around.
Fry says: "Oh, boy!"
Fry says: "It's Santa!"
Santa's eyes turn around 180-degrees, making him look angry.
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
Santa says: "You've been very naughty, Fry and Leela."
Santa says: "I checked my list."
Fry says: "Well check it twice!"
Santa says: "I perform over 50 mega-checks per second."
Santa says: "You're both naughty for disregarding each other's feelings."
Leela says: "But we set things right."
Leela says: "Fry even risked his life to get me a present."
Santa says: "But what about your other co-workers?"
Santa says: "Did either of you ever stop to think about Dr."
Santa says: "Zoidberg's feelings?"
Fry says: "No!"
Fry says: "I swear!"
Santa says: "Santa has something very special in his sack for you two!"
Fry smiles. Santa pulls out a laser gun and shoots them. They scream and run away.
[Scene says: "Outside Hattie's House."
[Scene says: "Bender and some other robots sing carols."
Hattie claps.
Hattie says: "Go away!"
Bender says: "Whoa, hold on!"
Bender says: "How about inviting us in for a traditional glass of hard cider?"
Hattie says: "Oh, alright."
Hattie says: "But just one glass!"
Hattie says: "I said that's enough!"
Bender says: "Get her purse!"
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela are still running from Santa."
[Scene says: "They jump to the ground and Santa swoops over them in his sleigh, turns around and heads back towards them."
Fry says: "Please let us live!"
Fry says: "We'll put out milk and cookies for you!"
Santa says: "You dare bribe Santa?"
Santa says: "I'm going to shove coal so far up your stocking you'll be coughing up diamonds!"
He throws a bauble-grenade at Fry and Leela. They run into an alcove and it explodes. Santa flies his sleigh around ready for the kill. Leela tries a door but it's locked.
Leela says: "We're trapped."
Fry says: "I never thought it would end this way: Gunned down by Santa Claus."
Fry says: "Honestly, I didn't see it coming!"
Santa gets closer. Fry and Leela crouch down in a corner.
Leela says: "Goodbye, Fry."
Fry says: "Goodbye, Leela."
Fry says: "Hey, look, we're under the mistletoe."
Leela looks up and they both look at each other. They move towards each other to kiss.
Santa says: "Your mistletoe is no match for my T."
Santa says: "O."
Santa says: "W."
Santa says: "missile!"
He shoots at them. Fry and Leela scream. The parrot flies in front of the alcove and gets hit by the missile and explodes. Feathers flutter down.
Fry says: "Uh, you're present may need some assembly."
Elsewhere, Bender and the other robots are carrying lots of stuff.
Bender says: "On the 4th day of Xmas I stole from that lady."
Robot #1 says: "Four family photos."
Tinny Tim says: "Three jars of pennies."
Robot #2 says: "Two former husbands."
Bender says: "And a slipper on a shoe tree."
He throws the slipper down the sewer. Raoul waves through the grate.
Raoul says: "Oh, thank you!"
Fry and Leela come running down the street.
Fry says: "Help!"
Leela says: "Somebody help us."
Tinny Tim says: "It's humans."
Tinny Tim says: "Shall we mug them, robot sir?"
Bender says: "No, wait, I know these guys."
Bender says: "They got nothing."
Bender runs towards Fry and Leela. Santa flies over them.
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
Santa says: "You've been very naughty, Bender."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Me?"
Bender says: "I didn't do nothing."
Bender says: "You're thinking of the kid."
He points at Tinny Tim.
Santa says: "My God, Bender!"
Santa says: "Framing an orphan?"
Santa says: "That's so naughty I'll have to add it to my list right now."
Santa says: "..."
Santa says: "an..."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Room."
[Scene says: "Amy, Hermes, Farnsworth and Zoidberg are sat under the Xmas tree exchanging gifts."
Zoidberg says: "Amy, this is for you."
Zoidberg says: "A set of combs for your beautiful hair."
Amy says: "Oh, that's so sweet."
Amy says: "But I sold my hair to a wigmaker so I could buy a set of combs for Hermes."
She pulls her hat off revealing she is bald.
Hermes says: "Oh, the irony."
Hermes says: "I sold my hair so I could buy this third set of combs for Zoidberg."
He pulls his hat off. He is also bald.
Zoidberg says: "Thank you."
Zoidberg says: "These'll come in handy for my new hair."
Zoidberg says: "Finally I look as pretty as I feel!"
Fry says: "Help!"
Leela says: "Help!"
Bender says: "Help!"
The staff look through the window. Fry, Leela and the robots are still being chased by Santa. They run towards the Planet Express building.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear."
Farnsworth says: "They'll be killed on our doorstep."
Farnsworth says: "And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd."
Enter Fry, Leela and the robots. There is a crash on the roof.
Hermes says: "Sweet manatee of Galilee!"
Hermes says: "He's on the roof!"
Farnsworth says: "Quick!"
Farnsworth says: "The armour-plated chimney cover!"
Farnsworth says: "Push!"
Farnsworth says: "Push!"
Bender says: "Use teamwork!"
The chimney is nearly covered when Santa sticks a candy cane through a gap and rolls the cover back. The staff gasp. Santa and the reindeer fly in.
Tinny Tim says: "Oh, dear!"
Tinny Tim says: "Oh, dear!"
Hermes dives behind the sofa.
Santa says: "You've all been very naughty, very naughty indeed."
Santa says: "Except you, Dr."
Santa says: "Zoidberg, this is for you."
He hands Zoidberg a gift.
Zoidberg says: "A pogo-stick!"
He giggles and bounces around the room.
Santa says: "As for the rest of you, I'm going to tear off your skin like wrapping paper and deck the halls with your guts."
Bender says: "Yeah?"
Bender says: "Well I don't believe in Santa Claus."
Bender says: "Come on, everybody, if you don't believe in him, he can't hurt you."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "God!"
Bender says: "The pain!"
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
Santa says: "Time to get jolly on your naughty asses!"
He laughs maniacally.
Leela says: "Watch out!"
Leela says: "His belly is shaking like a bowl full of nitro-glycerine!"
A robo-reindeer's nose beeps and flashes red.
Amy says: "Rudolph's nose!"
Fry says: "He's gonna blow!"
Everyone screams. Zoidberg cuts a wire hanging from the Xmas tree.
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
The wire falls and electrocutes Santa. Leela kicks him and the rest of the staff use the Xmas tree to push him and his sleigh into the chimney. The robots cover it with the armour-plated cover. The reindeer beeps faster and the cover rocks as Santa explodes.
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Cut to says: "Santa, the sleigh and the reindeer fly upwards away from the building."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff, LaBarbara and the homeless robots are sat around the table talking."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, good thing I got us out of that one!"
Bender brings a covered plate in from the kitchen.
Bender says: "Xmas dinner, everyone."
He pulls the cover off. The dinner is the exploded parrot.
Fry says: "Uh, Bender?"
Fry says: "Where did you get that bird?"
Bender says: "I found it lying in the street, like all the food I cook."
Bender says: "Dig in, everyone."
He cuts a piece off and puts it on Tinny Tim's plate.
Tinny Tim says: "Thank you, sir."
Bender says: "You got the toenail!"
Bender says: "Oh!"
Fry says: "Look, the food isn't what's important."
Tinny Tim says: "I'm so hungry."
Fry says: "The important thing is we're all together for Xmas."
Fry says: "And even though I'm surrounded by robots and monsters and old people, I've never felt more at home."
Farnsworth says: "Hear, hear!"
Farnsworth says: "Now let's all of us shut up and sing!"
They gather around a piano.
Amy says: "He knows when you are sleeping."
Farnsworth says: "He knows when you're on the can."
Leela says: "He'll hunt you down and blast your ass from here to Pakistan."
Zoidberg says: "Oh."
Hermes says: "You'd better not breathe, You'd better not move."
Bender says: "You're better off dead, I'm telling you, dude."
Fry says: "Santa Claus is gunning you down!"
Everyone cheers. Farnsworth takes off his lab coat, exposing himself again.
Farnsworth says: "Merry Xmas, everyone!"
He joins the others at the piano and it snows again outside.
Closing Credits. A version of We Wish You A Merry Christmas plays. Santa and his reindeer fly by.
Santa says: "I'll be back."
Santa says: "Back when you least expect it: Next Xmas!"
Santa says: "Ho, ho, ho!"