[Advertisement says: "Fry, Bender and Leela appear as heroes in an oval."
Announcer says: "..."
Announcer says: "Glagnar's Human Rinds."
Announcer says: "It's a buncha muncha cruncha human!"
The monster bites one from a packet.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Made From Meat By-Products."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Leela picks up a large can of Kibbles 'n' Snouts and carries it over to a huge electric can opener on the wall."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Balcony."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler sleeps."
[Cut to says: "His third eye perks up and looks around when he hears the can opener."
[Cut to says: "He runs inside."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Cut to says: "Fry gets some coffee."
[Cut to says: "Leela tips the can over and the meat slowly slides out from inside."
[Cut to says: "Nibbler sits in his food dish and the meat falls on him and he scoffs it in a few bites."
Leela says: "Aww!"
Leela says: "Somebody likes snouts."
Fry says: "Is it me?"
Bender wanders in humming to himself. The magnet on the can opener pulls him off the floor and starts cutting into him.
Bender says: "Stupid can opener."
Bender says: "You killed my father and now you've come back for me!"
Fry says: "You alright, Bender?"
Bender rubs his head. The top half is cut like a half-open can.
Bender says: "Yeah, I guess so."
Bender says: "But I don't see why we keep this ticking time-bomb around just for that dumb animal."
Leela says: "Don't yell at Nibbler like that."
Leela says: "You hurt his feelings."
Leela says: "Come on, pet him and make up."
Bender says: "No."
Leela says: "I said pet him."
Bender says: "I'll pet him."
Bender says: "I'll pet him with both hands!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "My ass!"
Bender says: "Get off!"
Nibbler lets go.
Leela says: "Are you alright?"
Bender says: "Ah, it's nothing a lawsuit won't cure."
Leela says: "Not you."
Leela says: "Aww, poor baby chipped a fang."
She carries Nibbler away and kisses and pets him.
Bender says: "Hey, I got a busted ass here, I don't see anyone kissing it."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Zoidberg puts a book down and stands up from the table."
Zoidberg says: "Alright, I'm coming."
[Scene says: "Animal Clinic Waiting Room."
[Scene says: "A man sits stroking a cat, a cat sits stroking a man and Leela sits with Nibbler while Fry and Bender stand nearby."
[Scene says: "A door opens and a woman comes out with a two-headed dog, followed by the vet, Jeffery Grant."
Jeffery says: "Remember, Rover gets the pill and Pepper gets the suppository."
Jeffery says: "Next."
[Scene says: "Animal Clinic Examination Room."
[Scene says: "Veterinary surgeries haven't changed much in a thousand years; there is a sink, a paper towel dispenser and an examination table in the middle of the room, which Nibbler sits on."
[Scene says: "Jeffery fetches a small hammer and taps Nibbler on the head with it, making him squeal."
[Scene says: "He looks in his mouth."
Jeffery says: "It's just a simple broken fang, nothing serious."
Bender says: "What's that you say there, doctor?"
Bender says: "You're gonna have to put him down?"
Jeffery says: "No-- What?"
Jeffery says: "Huh?"
He looks at Fry and Leela in confusion. Bender shakes his head.
Bender says: "Terrible shame that."
Bender says: "Shall I do the honours?"
He reaches up to a shelf and takes down a bottle with some pink liquid in it marked "Goose Laxative". He holds the bottle by it's neck, smashes it on a table and points it at Nibbler. Leela reaches across.
Leela says: "No!"
She rips Bender's arm off and smacks it against the table until it lets go of the broken bottle.
Bender says: "You about done?"
Leela says: "Next time I'm keeping it."
She tosses the arm over her shoulder and Bender reattaches it.
Jeffery says: "OK, well I believe I have a replacement fang for your pet in the next room."
Jeffery says: "Now then."
He pulls out the broken crown of Nibbler's fang and sets it down on a table. Fry picks it up.
Fry says: "Hey, what are these rings in Nibbler's fang?"
Jeffery attaches Nibbler's new tooth with a laser.
Jeffery says: "Um, I'm still a little woozy from a gazelle kick this morning but if he's anything like the common tree, the rings might indicate his age."
Fry laughs.
Fry says: "Yeah, well, good luck."
Fry says: "It'd take some kind of genius to count all those rings."
Jeffery takes a look.
Jeffery says: "He's five."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "A "Happy 5th Birthday Nibbler" banner has been strung up on the wall."
Farnsworth says: "Happy birthday, young Nibbler."
Everyone is sat on the floor surrounded by opened presents. The room has been decorated with balloons and streamers and Fry sticks a picture to the wall. Nibbler scratches himself and runs around.
Leela says: "Aww, look how cuddly he looks in his new cape!"
Bender says: "I'd be cuddly too if someone gave me a new cape."
Fry says: "Who's playing pin the tail on the moon maggot?"
Bender snatches a tail from his hand.
Bender says: "Ooh, me!"
Bender says: "Everyone watch how good I am."
Bender says: "And the crowd goes wild!"
Bender says: "What prize do I get?"
Bender says: "Cash?"
He turns around. No one is interested.
Amy says: "Hey, look at Nibbler!"
Nibbler is sat in a high-chair at the table and chews a spoon.
Hermes says: "Aww, he's holding a spoon."
Zoidberg says: "He's so talented!"
Bender says: "You call that talent?"
Bender says: "Gather round old Bender and get ready for the show of a lifetime."
Bender says: "Ta-da!"
He grumbles when no one watches. Leela puts a pointy party hat on Nibbler and his third eye pops out of the top. Hermes gasps.
Hermes says: "Now he's wearing a hat!"
Leela says: "Come on, let's all sing Happy Birthday!"
They do, all except Bender.
All says: "What day is today?"
It's Nibbler's birthday,.
What a day for a birthday,.
Let's all have some cake.
Fry says: "And you smell like one too!"
He giggles and they all applaud.
Bender says: "Hey, what about this?"
He dances around and whistles Sweet Georgia Brown again.
Leela says: "Bender, I thought you were supposed to be cooking for this party."
Bender says: "Fine, we'll have rack of Nibbler."
Leela says: "Just make a simple cake."
Leela says: "And this time, if someone's going to jump out of it, make sure you put them in after you cook it."
Bender says: "So it's a cake you want, is it?"
Bender says: "I'll make you a cake you'll never forget."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Kitchen."
[Scene says: "Bender takes some rat poison out of a cupboard and laughs insanely as he tips it onto something."
[Scene says: "It turns out he is pouring it next to a hole in the bottom of the wall."
Bender says: "That'll take care of those annoying rats."
Bender says: "Now, to bake a cake so delicious they'll have no choice but to love and worship me."
He whistles Sweet Georgia Brown as he walks to the fridge and takes two eggs out of a 12-pack of various grade bird eggs. He juggles them around, then rolls them across his shoulders and into a bowl. He tips in some flour, some Third & Third & Third and then uses his hand to whisk the mixture. He pours the mixture into a cake tin, puts the tin in his chest cabinet and switches it from "refrigerate" to "E-Z bake", closes the door and hums as it cooks.
Time Lapse. Bender ices the 5-tier birthday cake and puts a little Bender ornament on the top.
Bender says: "There!"
Bender says: "This'll teach those filthy bastards who's lovable."
Bender says: "Now all I have to do is spell check it and it's ready for my admiring public."
Bender says: "That's it."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Scene says: "Bender carries Nibbler in holding him by his eyestalk and lifts the toilet seat lid."
Bender says: "Happy birthday!"
He drops Nibbler in and flushes the toilet. Nibbler starts turning. Enter Leela.
Leela says: "Bender, what's going--  No!"
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Can't you see I'm using the toilet?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Leela sits at the table crying with the rest of the staff gathered around her."
Amy says: "Bender!"
Amy says: "How could you flush Nibbler down the toilet?"
Bender sits on a chair with his feet on the table smoking a cigar.
Bender says: "Well, step one, I had to lift the seat."
Bender says: "That was the first little annoyance."
Bender says: "Am I right, men?"
Leela says: "Aren't you upset at all?"
Leela says: "How would you feel if I flushed Fry down the toilet?"
Bender says: "Only one way to find out."
Leela says: "You have no sympathy for anyone else's feelings."
Bender says: "Of course I do."
Bender says: "Right now I feel sorry for you."
Leela says: "You do?"
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "I mean, one cantaloupe-sized bloodshot eye?"
Bender says: "You ain't winning no beauty pageants, lady."
Leela cries some more.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Scene says: "Everyone except Bender stands around the toilet."
[Scene says: "Leela dabs her eyes with a tissue."
Farnsworth says: "And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I too hope one day to go: The toilet."
Leela sobs and Fry nods to Hermes, who places a lily into the toilet. He nods back to Fry and he flushes the lily away.
Leela says: "I wouldn't feel so bad if Bender just understood the pain he caused me."
They hear Bender laughing.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "They peer around the door."
[Cut to says: "Bender watches All My Circuits."
[Cut to says: "Calculon is lying in a hospital bed."
Calculon says: "Give it to me straight, doctor, don't sugarcoat it."
Doctorbot says: "Very well."
Doctorbot says: "Your entire family died when a plane piloted by your fiancée crashed into your uninsured home."
Doctorbot says: "And you have inoperable cancer."
Bender laughs and kicks his legs.
Bender says: "Bet you weren't expecting that one, Calculon!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
Amy says: "It's like he doesn't understand simple humanoid emotion."
Leela says: "I wish just once Bender could feel exactly what I feel."
Farnsworth says: "Actually, through the miracle of science, that can be arranged."
Fry says: "Uh-oh."
Fry says: "Is this gonna be another crazy experiment that crosses a line Man was not meant to cross?"
Farnsworth makes the "little bit" gesture.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender watches the news."
Linda says: "The official death toll in that tragic rocket crash has now been raised to 54,000."
Bender sniggers and Fry, Hermes and Zoidberg grab him and pin him to the table. Farnsworth unscrews his head.
Bender says: "Hey, what the hell are you doing with my head?"
Farnsworth carries him across the room.
Farnsworth says: "I need to tinker in it."
Bender says: "Why don't you just use a potted plant like Fry?"
Farnsworth says: "Quiet, you."
Farnsworth says: "I'm installing an empathy chip."
He holds up a little green chip in a pair of pliers.
Fry says: "And that'll allow Bender to feel other people's emotions?"
Farnsworth says: "Yes."
Farnsworth says: "If by "allow" you mean "force"."
He screws Bender's head into a vice and starts hammering the chip into the side of it.
Bender says: "Ooh!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Son of a-- Careful with that!"
Bender says: "Ow..."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my."
Farnsworth says: "I got it."
Farnsworth says: "Once more."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Bender says: "Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Steady now."
Bender says: "Ow!"
Farnsworth says: "There we go."
Farnsworth says: "Now I'll simply tune it to Leela's emotional frequency."
He turns the chip with a screwdriver. It beeps.
Bender says: "My God!"
Bender says: "I'm overcome with..."
Bender says: "feelings."
Bender says: "I'm experiencing a powerful yearning to..."
Bender says: "to cram my gullet full of mackerel heads."
Zoidberg says: "That's me, baby!"
Farnsworth says: "Hmm."
He turns the chip again.
Bender says: "Now I'm worried that I'm not as smart as Leela, but at the same time I feel relieved that I'm cuter than her."
Amy says: "Uh..."
Amy says: "that's me."
She raises her hand and Fry leans back.
Fry says: "Thanks for covering."
Farnsworth turns the chip again.
Bender says: "This time I miss Nibbler and I'm feeling nosy and opinionated."
Amy says: "Bingo!"
Hermes says: "That's Leela!"
Leela says: "Thank you, Professor."
Leela says: "I'm happy that Bender can finally feel my pain."
The chip beeps.
Bender says: "Happy."
Bender says: "I like this feeling."
Bender says: "Just don't revert to your usual mopey self."
Leela says: "I'm not mopey."
Leela says: "You shut up!"
The chip beeps.
Bender says: "Anger, huh?"
Bender says: "How dare you make me feel anger, you one-eyed jerk with a dead pet!"
He laughs and Leela cries. The chip beeps and he cries too.
[Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Scene says: "Amy and Leela are on a girl's night out."
[Scene says: "Leela wears a blue dress and Amy wears a green top."
Leela says: "Thanks for taking me out, Amy."
Leela says: "I feel slightly less miserable already."
Amy says: "Hey, you know what'd cheer you up?"
Amy says: "You should get a puppy."
Leela says: "A puppy?"
Leela says: "Nibbler loved to eat puppies."
She bursts into tears.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Scene says: "They sit watching TV and Bender suddenly cries."
Fry says: "What's your problem?"
Bender says: "I miss Nibbler."
Fry says: "You do?"
Bender says: "Hell, no!"
Bender says: "It's Leela's stupid feelings."
Bender says: "Why can't she just drink herself happy like a normal person?"
He cries and drinks from the bottle.
[Scene says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Scene says: "Amy and a Hispanic guy dance closely."
[Scene says: "Leela drums her fingers and growls."
[Cut to says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender's chip beeps."
Bender says: "Uh-oh, jealousy."
Bender says: "You think you're so hot!"
Fry says: "What?"
Bender says: "The only reason you get all the guys is because you dress like a tramp!"
He slaps Fry, making him drop his Slurm.
Fry says: "They're just responding to my personality."
[Cut to says: "O'Zorgnax's Pub."
[Cut to says: "Leela is still sat at the bar."
[Cut to says: "The guy has his arm around Amy."
Amy says: "Um, Leela?"
Amy says: "Armando and I are going to the back seat of his car for coffee."
Amy says: "You gonna be alright here by yourself?"
Leela says: "Sure."
Leela says: "I'm having a great time -- really."
Leela says: "You two go enjoy yourselves."
They leave.
[Scene says: "Fry's and Bender's Lounge."
He sobs.
Fry says: "The spoon's in the foot powder."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "A tear streams down Leela's face as she looks at a photo of her and Nibbler in one of those things at a beach where the head is cut out."
[Scene says: "Bender and Fry watch from the doorway."
[Scene says: "Bender sighs."
Bender says: "I'm at the end of my rope."
Bender says: "I can't live another minute without poor, sweet Nibbler."
Fry says: "Too bad he wasn't an alligator."
Fry says: "Y'know, when you flush those things, they stay alive in the sewers."
Bender says: "Really?"
Fry says: "Yep."
Fry says: "My friend's cousin's caseworker saw one once."
Fry says: "It's a widely-believed fact."
Bender says: "Hmm, sewers."
Bender says: "Thinking, thinking, thinking."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Scene says: "He stands in the toilet."
Bender says: "Hang on, Nibbler."
Bender says: "Uncle Bender's coming to save you."
Bender says: "See you on the other side!"
His body waves goodbye. Someone knocks on the door.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry pounds on the door."
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "Bender?"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Bathroom."
[Cut to says: "He forces the door open."
Fry says: "Have you seen my sombrero?"
He gasps as Bender's right arm flushes itself away.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "The staff sit around the table."
Leela says: "Now he's flushed himself down the toilet?"
Leela says: "Who's he gonna flush next?"
Fry says: "Hey, it's your fault."
Fry says: "He only flushed himself because your emotions made him feel bad."
Leela says: "You're right."
Leela says: "I feel terrible."
Fry says: "Oh, great, now you're making him feel worse!"
Leela says: "I guess we'd better go down into the sewers and look for him."
Amy says: "Are you crazy?"
Amy says: "There's mutants down there!"
Amy says: "They'll eat you alive."
Zoidberg says: "They're hideous!"
He screams and clacks his claws at her.
Leela says: "There's no such thing as mutants."
Leela says: "That's a ridiculous urban myth."
Farnsworth spins around in his chair.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, don't be so sure."
Farnsworth says: "Many scientists believe humans really could mutate down there."
Farnsworth says: "Uh, due to exposure to toxic waste and radioactive run-off and good old American faeces!"
Fry holds his hand to his heart.
Fry says: "God bless America."
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "In the middle of the road outside the Planet Express building, Leela lifts a manhole cover with a picture of Thurgood Stubbs from The PJs engraved on it."
[Scene says: "Fry peers down the hole as she drags it away."
Fry says: "Phew!"
Fry says: "Uh, ladies first."
She pushes him down the hole and he screams before splashing into the sewer water below.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Sewers."
[Cut to says: "Leela peers down the hole and Fry splutters and spits."
Fry says: "Oh, and the aftertaste!"
Time Lapse. Leela and Fry crawl through the pitch black tunnels. Fry lights a match and screams.
Leela says: "What is it?"
Fry says: "I burned my finger."
Time Lapse. They float down the sewer river on an inflatable yellow raft pointing flashlights around.
Leela says: "OK, check the guidebook."
Fry shines his torch onto a page of "Let's Go Sewers".
Fry says: "Looks like we're under Park Avenue."
Fry says: "Ooh, ritzy!"
Fry says: "Just think: All this was probably once a charity luncheon for the Met."
A noise comes from down the sewers.
Leela says: "Wait, what's that?"
They shine their torches down the tunnels and see Bender at the other end trying to reattach his limbs. He has put his right arm in his right leg socket and his right leg to the right arm socket. He groans.
Bender says: "I never should have thrown out the manual."
Leela says: "Bender, you didn't have to come down here."
Bender says: "I know."
Bender says: "But I just missed Nibbler so much."
Leela says: "He was so cute."
The chip beeps.
Bender says: "He was so sweet."
They hug.
Fry says: "Eck!"
Fry says: "This emotional display is making me nauseous."
Fry says: "Or maybe it's whatever that is."
Time Lapse. The trio sit in the raft as it carries on through the sewers. Bender's arms and legs are in the right place.
Leela says: "Nibbler?"
Bender says: "Nibbler?"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "It's no use."
Leela says: "We'd better turn back."
Leela says: "Which way, Fry?"
Fry says: "Hmm."
Fry says: "According to this map, the only way out is through..."
Fry says: "that pipe."
Fry says: "Don't worry."
Fry says: "It gets wider after about a mile."
Leela and Bender look at each other and the chip beeps.
Leela says: "Idiot."
Bender says: "Idiot."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "OK, OK, never mind."
Fry says: "I'll just ask those people for directions."
He points the torch at some hideous creatures who have extra bodily features such as arms, eyes, noses, hands. They growl.
Leela says: "Mutants!"
Fry screams, then Leela, then, after his chip has beeped, Bender.
Time Lapse. Leela, Fry and Bender stand in the sewer water staring at the mutants.
Leela says: "Mutants!"
Leela says: "They're real!"
She and Bender flinch. Fry pushes them aside.
Fry says: "I'll take care of this!"
Fry says: "Back!"
Fry says: "Back!"
One of the mutants, Vyolet, a hideous woman with green scaly skin, a snout and gills, steps forwards and uses the flaming guidebook to light her cigarette. She smokes it and smoke comes out of her gills.
Vyolet says: "Thanks, handsome."
A mutant, called Dwayne, with a huge forehead and two noses steps forward.
Dwayne says: "Please, do not be frightened, we're harmless."
Raoul says: "I have three arms."
Dwayne says: "I said "harmless" not "armless"."
Vyolet says: "Lay off him."
Vyolet says: "You know he's only got one ear."
Fry says: "Hey, aren't you supposed to be eating our brains?"
Fry says: "You're mutants."
Dwayne says: "Mutants?"
Dwayne says: "Perhaps it is you who are the mutants."
Vyolet says: "Please, Dwayne, have you looked in a mirror lately?"
[Scene says: "Mutant Village."
[Scene says: "The mutants lead Fry, Leela and Bender down the tunnels and into an open space with buildings and other mutants."
Raoul says: "Welcome to our village."
Raoul says: "It may not be Paris but it has a certain quaint charm that I, for one, wouldn't trade for the world."
Bender says: "You guys realise you live in a sewer, right?"
Dwayne says: "Perhaps."
Dwayne says: "But perhaps your civilisation is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you."
Leela says: "No, we're on the top."
Fry says: "Daylight and everything."
Dwayne groans.
Vyolet says: "It must be wonderful."
Bender says: "Eh."
He makes the "middle-of-the-road" gesture.
Leela says: "Listen."
Leela says: "We actually came down here to find our pet, Nibbler."
Leela says: "He got flushed down the toilet."
Raoul says: "Well if he got flushed down the toilet he probably came through here."
Raoul says: "Everything always does."
Raoul says: "Follow me."
Raoul says: "This is our library."
The library is just a shelf. Bender looks at what is on offer.
Bender says: "Nothing but crumpled porno and Ayn Rand."
He holds up Atlas Shrugged.
Raoul says: "And over here is our church."
[Cut to says: "Mutant Church."
[Cut to says: "Fry opens the door and looks around."
[Cut to says: "In front of the altar is a huge nuclear warhead."
Fry says: "Wow."
Fry says: "You guys worship an unexploded nuclear bomb?"
[Cut to says: "Mutant Village."
Vyolet says: "Yeah, but nobody's that observant."
Vyolet says: "It's mainly a Christmas and Easter thing."
Time Lapse. The group walk down a street and pass many dry cleaners.
Leela says: "Nibbler?"
Bender says: "Come to Daddy, sweetie-ookums."
Fry says: "So, is it true that alligators flushed down the toilet survive down here?"
Vyolet says: "No."
Vyolet says: "That's just an urban legend."
Bender says: "Then what are those?"
Vyolet says: "Crocodiles."
She snorts.
Raoul says: "We keep them as pets."
Raoul says: "Then, when they grow too large, we flush them down into the sub-sewer."
He points to a huge toilet in the middle of the mutant town.
Dwayne says: "Some say there's a freakish race of sub-mutants down there."
Vyolet says: "Please, that's just a sub-urban legend."
Dwayne says: "Oh?"
Dwayne says: "Then I suppose you also don't believe in..."
Dwayne says: "..."
Dwayne says: "El Chupanibre."
The other mutants gasp.
Leela says: "El Chupanibre?"
Leela says: "What's that?"
Dwayne strums a guitar.
Dwayne says: "Gather round, children, for the legend of El Chupanibre."
Silent as a low-flow toilet flush,.
Watch your step,.
He'll eat you whole,.
And half your alligator.
Vyolet says: "Crocodile."
Dwayne says: "Whatever."
Vyolet snorts.
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "Our pet Nibbler loves fresh crocodile."
Leela says: "It's his favourite treat."
Leela says: "He must be El Chupanibre."
Bender says: "Hey, yeah!"
Raoul says: "You unleashed the dreaded El Chupanibre upon us?"
Raoul says: "Then you are our sworn enemies."
The growling mutants surround them.
Leela says: "You don't understand."
Leela says: "He would never hurt people."
Leela says: "Let us help you capture him."
Dwayne says: "Impossible."
Dwayne says: "If the legend is true, our only hope is to offer him a snack-rifice."
Raoul says: "Yes."
Raoul says: "An unspoiled virgin."
Leela says: "I volunteer."
Vyolet says: "Nice try, Leela, but we've all seen Zapp Brannigan's webpage."
Bender laughs and Leela looks sad. Bender's chip beeps and he groans.
Bender says: "Oh, I made myself feel bad."
Raoul says: "She'll have to do."
Raoul says: "Chain her to the post!"
Raoul says: "Behold."
Raoul says: "When El Chupanibre comes for the, uh, "virgin", he will be snared by this rope trap."
Dwayne says: "Shh."
Dwayne says: "El Chupanibre comes soon."
Dwayne says: "It is nightfall."
Leela says: "Nightfall?"
Leela says: "How can you tell down here?"
Splashing noises echo around the village.
Dwayne says: "The tide is coming in."
Vyolet lies with her ear to the water.
Vyolet says: "Quiet!"
Vyolet says: "The beast approaches."
Loud bangs come from the pipe as El Chupanibre gets closer. The mutants, Fry and Bender scarper. Fry dives behind some boxes and Bender and Dwayne join him. Raoul runs into a building and draws the curtains across him. El Chupanibre's shadow appears and Leela gasps. The huge shadow gets smaller and it turns out to be Nibbler.
Bender says: "Nibbler!"
Bender says: "Aw, come here, precious!"
Bender says: "Look, everyone, it's El Chupanibre."
Dwayne says: "That's not El Chupanibre."
Bender says: "Say what?"
Dwayne says: "That's El Chupanibre."
He points to a huge green monster standing in the pipe looking down on Bender. It has fangs and yellow bloodshot eyes. Bender looks round, screams, drops Nibbler and runs away.
Fry says: "I'll take care of this."
He steps into the rope trap and screams as it lifts him off the ground and leaves him dangling overhead. El Chupanibre gets closer to Nibbler. Leela screams, making Bender scream.
Leela says: "Bender, do something."
Bender says: "I'm too scared."
Fry says: "Leela, your scaredness is being transmitted straight to Bender."
Fry says: "If you care about Nibbler, stop caring about him!"
Leela says: "I can't."
Leela says: "I love every living creature."
Fry says: "Even me?"
Leela says: "As a friend."
Fry says: "Damn."
Leela cries.
Bender says: "Listen to me, Leela: I'm an expert at not caring."
Bender says: "The secret is to stop giving a rat's ass about anyone else and start thinking of the things that you want, that you deserve, that the world owes you."
El Chupanibre edges closer to Nibbler.
Leela says: "Well, I could use a new tank top."
Bender says: "Bigger!"
Bender says: "Bigger!"
Leela says: "A fashionable tank top."
Leela says: "And designer boots..."
Leela says: "encrusted with jewels."
Bender says: "Don't stop now, you'll need some pants to go with that outfit."
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "And I could afford it all if I didn't have to feed that stupid Nibbler."
Bender's chip beeps.
Bender says: "Bender is back."
Bender says: "I'll save you, Nibbler."
He kicks Nibbler out the way and rotates his arms. El Chupanibre grabs them and pulls them off. Bender groans. El Chupanibre grabs him and lifts him towards it's mouth.
Fry says: "Bender's gonna be killed!"
Leela says: "You know what else I could use?"
Leela says: "A weekend at one of those fancy spas."
Leela says: "And a Toblerone."
El Chupanibre prepares to eat Bender. Bender's detached arms tap it on the shoulder and it looks around. They punch it and it drops Bender. Bender charges at it and knocks it flying into the huge toilet. His arms flush the monster away and everyone cheers.
Fry says: "Yeah!"
Leela says: "You did it!"
Raoul says: "Let's have a tissue-tape parade!"
Bender says: "No, thanks!"
Dwayne unties Leela and another mutant cuts Fry down. He falls into the water and splutters. Nibbler runs towards Leela and jumps into her arms and licks her. Dwayne sits on the toilet with his guitar.
Dwayne says: "Gather round, children, to hear the legend of Bender."
He strums the guitar.
A string snaps and he sighs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender are back and everyone is with them."
[Scene says: "Bender holds a cigar."
Farnsworth says: "That was a disgusting story."
Leela says: "And it's all thanks to Bender."
Leela says: "I love you, Bender."
Bender says: "I love you too."
Bender says: "Get that stupid chip out of me before I kill myself!"
Farnsworth prises the chip off with a screwdriver and looks at it.
Farnsworth says: "Bender, you won't believe this, but the empathy chip burned out."
Farnsworth says: "The emotion you felt for Nibbler was actually your own."
Fry says: "Looks like Bender learned an important lesson about respecting other people's feelings afterall."
Everyone else nods and murmurs in agreement.
Farnsworth says: "No, I'm wrong."
Farnsworth says: "The empathy chip was running at triple capacity."
Bender says: "And I still barely felt anything."
Bender says: "Goodnight, losers!"
He walks out.
Leela says: "You know, Bender may not have learned anything from me, but I think I actually learned something from him."
Leela says: "So long, jerkwads!"
Farnsworth says: "So long!"
Closing Credits.