[Scene says: "The ship flies towards Earth, towards the Planet Express building."
[Scene says: "The landing gear comes down and the ship lands."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Cut to says: "The crew walk out."
[Cut to says: "Their hair is ruffled, their clothes are torn and dirty."
Leela says: "That was the worst delivery ever."
Fry says: "Yeah."
Fry says: "I'm never going to another planet called "Cannibalon"!"
Bender says: "Me neither."
Bender says: "Food was good, though."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth sits at the table, drinking from a cup."
[Cut to says: "He turns around when the crew walk in."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, great news, everyone."
Bender says: "Shove it!"
Bender says: "We quit!"
Farnsworth says: "In that case I'll have to hire a new crew to go on our company vacation."
Leela says: "Vacation?"
Bender says: "Alright!"
He and Fry high-five.
Fry says: "This is great!"
Fry says: "I haven't had time off since I was 21 through 24."
They sit down.
Farnsworth says: "It's just my way of thanking you for not reporting my countless violations of safety and minimum wage laws."
Bender says: "Aww, you!"
He knocks Farnsworth affectionately on the shoulder.
Farnsworth says: "I've booked us all on the maiden voyage of the largest, most luxurious space cruise ship ever built."
Farnsworth says: "The Titanic!"
The Titanic is a futuristic space version of the RMS Titanic, with bubble domes and rocket engines. And rings, of course.
Leela says: "Looks nice."
Ominous music. They carry on staring at the brochure ... unaware.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Filmed On Location."
[Scene says: "A huge spaceport sits high above the skyline of New New York City."
[Scene says: "The rotating disc on top indicates it is South Street Spaceport."
[Cut to says: "South Street Spaceport Departures."
[Cut to says: "The entire staff emerge from the travel tubes in the departure area which looks similar to that of an airport."
Fry says: "Hey, uh, where's my suitcase?"
Fry says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "South Street Spaceport."
[Scene says: "The huge Titanic sits moored to the port and Mayor Poopenmeyer gives a speech."
Poopenmeyer says: "As Mayor of New New York, it's my pleasure to introduce the honorary captain for the Titanic's maiden voyage."
Poopenmeyer says: "A man who single-handedly defeated the Retiree People of the Assisted Living Nebula: Zapp Brannigan!"
Zapp walks forward and waves to the crowd. They cheer and applaud.
Leela says: "Oh, God!"
Leela says: "Not Zapp Brannigan!"
Zoidberg says: "You know Zapp Brannigan?"
Leela says: "Let's just say we've "crossed paths"."
Bender says: "Was that before or after you slept with him?"
Zapp looks at the Titanic.
Zapp says: "She's a beautiful ship, alright."
Zapp says: "Shapely..."
Zapp says: "seductive."
Zapp says: "I'm gonna fly her brains out."
Zapp says: "And now, without further adieu, I christen this ship, Titanic."
Kif hands him Leonardo DiCaprio's head in a jar. Zapp smashes it against the side of the ship. DiCaprio's head bounces away. The crowd applauds and cheers.
Time Lapse. Passengers board via gangways. Zapp personally welcomes passengers. He sees the Planet Express staff walk up the gangway.
Zapp says: "Well, well, well!"
Zapp says: "The Lady Leela."
Zapp says: "Take notes, Kif."
Zapp says: "You're about to witness the subtle waltz known as seduction."
Zapp says: "So, trapped on a ship with me."
Zapp says: "What say you and I knock some very sensual boots?"
Leela says: "It's tempting, but, uh, I have a fiancé now."
Leela says: "Uh, hmm, uh, hmm, uh, we--, uh..."
Leela says: "Him!"
Leela says: "Fry, darling, meet Zapp Brannigan."
Fry says: "Huh?"
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "How do you do?"
He shakes Zapp's hand. Zapp narrows his eyes at Fry.
[Scene says: "The Titanic leaves port honking its horn to the cheering crowds."
[Scene says: "It flies away from Earth and off into space."
[Scene says: "Titanic First Class Corridor."
[Scene says: "The crew walk across polished floors and past a grand wooden staircase straight out of the film Titanic."
[Scene says: "They walk through another corridor."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, here's my stateroom."
He walks in, followed by everyone else. Bender suddenly sees something and stops and purrs. He zooms in on a well-dressed Fembot and she does the same. He zooms in further and his eyes fall out. He scrambles around the floor for them.
Bender says: "Come on, where is it?"
He feels around the floor, finds one and puts it back in but the Fembot is gone. He sighs.
[Scene says: "Titanic First Class State Room."
[Scene says: "Everyone, especially Fry, seems settled in in the plush furnishings of the room."
Farnsworth says: "Now, Hermes, you and your lovely wife, LaBarbara, have the suite through there."
Farnsworth says: "And Dr."
Farnsworth says: "Zoidberg, your marble tank is on the other side."
Fry bounces on a green chair.
Fry says: "Man, first class seems nice!"
Farnsworth says: "It'll seem even nicer once you've seen your room."
He hands Amy a key.
[Scene says: "Titanic First Class Deck."
[Scene says: "Amy, Leela, Bender and Fry stand waiting for the elevator."
Amy says: "Looks like we're on the Fiesta Deck."
The elevator door opens.
[Cut to says: "Titanic Elevator."
[Cut to says: "Amy presses a button and the elevator goes down past second class where there are lots of T-shirt wearing tourists with fat children and cameras; past steerage where there are lots of stereotypical Irish people; past laundry which is already filled with clothes; past the bowels of the ship where men shovel coal into furnaces."
[Cut to says: "It stops at the Fiesta deck and the doors opens to a dank, dripping corridor."
[Scene says: "Titanic Fiesta Deck Corridor."
[Scene says: "The staff emerge from the elevator."
Leela says: "This is it."
She opens the door and groans.
[Cut to says: "Titanic Fiesta Deck Room."
[Cut to says: "The room a is dank room with leaking pipes and four camp beds along the side."
Fry says: "Well at least we get a window!"
He pulls a blind up and is blasted in the face with reactor fumes.
Bender says: "Well, I'm tired of this room and everyone in it."
Bender says: "If you'll excuse me, I'm gonna pop over to the casino for the next 135 hours!"
He leaves.
Amy says: "I think I'll go and fill up on bisque at the buffet."
She closes the door as she leaves.
Fry says: "I guess that just leaves you and your fake fianc´..."
Fry says: "all alone..."
Fry says: "on a romantic cruise."
He puts his arm around her.
Leela says: "Take it off or I'll break it off."
Fry says: "OK!"
He takes his arm from around her. Zapp opens the door.
Zapp says: "Captain's inspection!"
Leela puts Fry's arm back around her and smiles weakly.
[Scene says: "Titanic Casino."
[Scene says: "Bender is already settled in, standing at a craps table."
Bender says: "Hmm."
Bender says: "Come on, baby needs a new pair of feet!"
He rolls the dice.
Croupier says: "Snake eyes."
He rakes in the chips.
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "My cheating unit malfunctioned!"
Bender says: "You gotta give me a do-over!"
Croupier says: "Sorry, the house limit is three do-overs."
Croupier says: "Next shooter."
Bender takes a seat at the bar and sighs.
Bender says: "Gimmie you're biggest, strongest, cheapest drink."
The bartender, iZac, turns around.
iZac says: "You got it!"
He fills a bucket. Bender turns around and sees the Fembot from earlier. He gasps and walks over to her.
Bender says: "Allow me to introduce myself."
Bender says: "I'm Bender."
Countess says: "Charmed."
Countess says: "I'm the Countess de la Roca."
Countess says: "I was surprised to see another robot staying in first class."
Countess says: "Most of the robots I meet are labourers."
Bender says: "I assure you, I barely know the meaning of the word "labour"."
The Countess laughs.
Countess says: "Oh, Mr."
Countess says: "Bender!"
Bender says: "Please, call me Bender."
He kisses her hand.
Countess says: "Oh, goodness."
As he kisses her, he reaches around and takes some money from her purse.
[Scene says: "Titanic Wheel Room."
[Scene says: "Zapp stands in front of an old-fashioned sailing wheel."
[Scene says: "Kif emerges from a washroom."
Zapp says: "Kif, I'm feeling the captain's itch."
Kif says: "I'll get the powder, sir."
Zapp says: "No, the itch for adventure!"
Zapp says: "Prepare to change course."
Kif says: "Sir, this is a leisure cruise."
Kif says: "Our path was set by the travel agency."
He presses a button and a map comes down on the wall showing the route is a straight line from Earth to another planet.
Zapp says: "That's for schoolgirls!"
Zapp says: "Now here's a route with some chest hair."
He squiggles a new course onto the map.
Kif says: "But that course leads directly through a swarm of comets."
Zapp says: "Yes, comets!"
Zapp says: "The icebergs of the sky."
Zapp says: "By jack-knifing from one to the next at breakneck speed we might just get some kind of gravity boost..."
Zapp says: "or something."
Zapp says: "Divert power from the shields, full speed ahead!"
[Scene says: "Titanic Buffet."
[Scene says: "Amy takes a bowlful of bisque."
Amy says: "Oh, yeah!"
She turns around, gasps and drops the bowl.
Mrs. Wong says: "Amy!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Hello!"
Amy says: "Mom?"
Amy says: "Dad?"
Amy says: "What are you doing here?"
Mr. Wong says: "We were planning on enjoying a relaxing vacation."
Mr. Wong says: "But since you're here, we'll have to do some meddling."
Mrs. Wong says: "We met the nicest boy in the cabin next to ours."
Mr. Wong says: "He's not very ugly."
Mrs. Wong says: "You should marry him!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Or at least use him to conceive a grandchild for us."
Mr. Wong says: "There he is at the buffet!"
He points at a large man who leans over the sneeze guard, dips his finger into the bisque and tastes it.
Amy says: "Uh, he seems really nice but, well, I already have a boyfriend."
Mrs. Wong says: "Really?"
Mrs. Wong says: "Where is he?"
Mr. Wong says: "And why isn't he here right now fathering our grandchild?"
Amy says: "Uh..."
[Scene says: "Titanic Deck."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela stand outside, looking at the stars."
Leela says: "Well, our accommodations aren't great, but it sure is beautiful out here."
Fry says: "Yeah, it's pretty romantic-- Uh, I mean platonic."
Fry says: "Th-That sure is one platonic view!"
Leela says: "Fry, just be quiet."
She turns and gasps, then grabs Fry and kisses him.
Fry says: "Hmm?"
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Zapp says: "Leela, perhaps this is an awkward time but if things don't work out with this pipsqueak here..."
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "I just want you to know I'll be there to score you on the rebound."
He walks away, humming. Leela stops kissing Fry.
Leela says: "Uh, look, before you get any crazy ideas, that was for Zapp."
Fry says: "Well, you got anything else for him?"
Leela says: "Alright, can we try not to complicate this?"
Amy and her parents arrive.
Amy says: "Mom, Dad, I'd like you to meet Fry, my boyfriend."
She kisses him.
Fry says: "Hmm?"
Fry says: "Mmm!"
Time Lapse. Later, the staff relax in swimsuits by the pool. Leela lies on a sunbed wearing a green swimsuit with a hole around the navel. Fry is with Amy.
Fry says: "See you later, wuvvums!"
He kisses Amy and she leaves with her parents. He sits on a sunbed next to Leela.
Leela says: "It would have been nice if you'd told me you were going out with Amy."
Fry says: "I'm not going out with Amy."
Fry says: "It's just to fool her parents."
Fry says: "Hey, you're not jealous, are you?"
Leela says: "What?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "Of course not!"
Fry says: "Good, 'cause I consider my fake relationship with you a lot more meaningful."
Leela grunts.
[Scene says: "Countess de la Roca's Room."
Countess says: "Mind if I freshen up a bit before we go out?"
Bender says: "I was just about to suggest the same thing."
Bender says: "Pay dirt!"
He is about to put it in his chest cabinet but he hesitates. The Countess is behind him.
Countess says: "Lovely, isn't it?"
Bender says: "Yeah."
Bender says: "But only 93% as lovely as you."
He puts it on her wrist.
Countess says: "Oh, Bender!"
Countess says: "Either that was a computing error or you're the most romantic robot I've ever met!"
Bender smirks.
[Scene says: "Titanic Casino."
[Scene says: "Bender watches the Countess play a fruit machine while he sits at the bar."
Bender says: "I don't get it, iZac; that bracelet had a diamond the size of a racoon's brain."
Bender says: "Why couldn't I steal it?"
iZac says: "It's obvious, Mr."
iZac says: "B."
iZac says: "You're in love."
Bender says: "Oh, it's true."
Bender says: "But we're star-crossed robots."
Bender says: "She, a countess, built with a silver spoon in her mouth."
Bender says: "And me, just a regular honest Joe."
He walks off with the drinks.
iZac says: "Hey, you gonna pay for those?"
Bender says: "Hell, no!"
iZac says: "Security to bar area."
iZac says: "Security to bar area."
Two robot security guards rise from the floor and grab Bender.
Bender says: "Fellas, please."
Bender says: "I'm in love!"
iZac says: "Rough him up!"
The security guards punch Bender. The Countess intervenes.
Countess says: "What are you doing?"
iZac says: "This penniless chump was stealing drinks, ma'am."
Countess says: "I see."
Countess says: "Here you are, sir."
Countess says: "Keep the change."
iZac says: "You got it!"
The security guards punch Bender a couple more times then go back into the floor. Bender looks away from the Countess, ashamed.
[Scene says: "Titanic Deck."
[Scene says: "The staff, Kif and the fat man limbo."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg clears the stick."
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
Farnsworth has a go.
Fry says: "Go, Professor!"
Amy says: "Lean back more!"
Farnsworth smacks straight into the pole.
Farnsworth says: "Ow!"
Hermes and LaBarbara stand away from the game.
LaBarbara says: "Come on, Hermes, you could out-limbo all of these people!"
Hermes says: "Don't be a dog heart, woman."
Hermes says: "You know I can't."
Hermes says: "Not after what happened."
Flashback. At the 2980 Olympics, Hermes warms up on the track.
Announcer says: "Now limbo-ing for the Earth team, Hermes Conrad."
As Hermes warms up, a boy in the crowd wearing a Hermes T-shirt shouts.
Boy says: "You're my hero, Hermes!"
Boy says: "I'm gonna be just like you!"
He jumps out of the stand and runs towards the limbo stick.
Hermes says: "No, boy, stop!"
Hermes says: "It's too low!"
Hermes says: "Your backbone can't take it!"
The boy leans back.
Boy says: "I'm just like Hermes!"
His back cracks, the crowd gasps and Hermes winces.
Hermes says: "Nooo!"
Flashback ends. Hermes cries and LaBarbara pats him on the back.
LaBarbara says: "There, there."
LaBarbara says: "Now you don't have to limbo if you don't want."
LaBarbara says: "It doesn't make you any less of a man."
Farnsworth says: "Though it did get me some action!"
Hattie hangs onto his arm.
Hattie says: "I like a man who's flexible!"
Enter Zapp.
Zapp says: "Your attention, please."
Zapp says: "As captain of this vessel, the terrible burden of naming a limbo contest winner is mine and mine alone."
Kif says: "Shouldn't you be steering between the comets?"
Zapp says: "And the winner is, Leela!"
The crowd applauds and turns to Leela, who is still sitting on her sunbed.
Leela says: "But I didn't even limbo."
Zapp says: "No matter."
Zapp says: "I know from personal experience how horizontal you can get."
Zapp says: "As your reward, you and that hairpile are invited to dine at the captain's table this evening."
Fry hoots.
Time Lapse. Bender and the Countess lean over the rail on the deck.
Bender says: "Well, now you know."
Bender says: "I'm not actually rich."
Bender says: "I'm a fraud."
Bender says: "A poor, lazy, sexy fraud."
Bender says: "This isn't even a real bow-tie, it's magnetic."
He takes the bow-tie off and throws it against the wall where it sticks.
Countess says: "Bender, I don't care whether you have money."
Countess says: "I love you for your artificial intelligence and your sincerity simulator."
Bender says: "You do?"
Bender says: "Really?"
The Countess nods. She and Bender kiss.
[Montage says: "In some scenes lifted from Titanic the Countess lies on a sofa naked."
[Montage says: "Bender's finger makes printer noises as he draws her."
[Montage says: "He shows her the picture which looks like circuit diagrams."
[Montage says: "At the bow of the ship, he holds her up at the railings but she is so heavy she ends up breaking his arms off."
[Montage says: "In the hold they climb into an old hovercar and literally make sparks."
[Scene says: "Titanic Buffet."
[Scene says: "A sign advertises "All You Can Eat Plus A Whole Chicken"."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Farnsworth and Hattie sit with Zapp around the captain's table wearing formal evening wear."
[Scene says: "Zapp wears a formal off-white DOOP jacket with medals."
Zapp says: "I like your style, Fry."
Zapp says: "You remind me of a young me."
Zapp says: "Not much younger, mind you."
Zapp says: "Perhaps even a couple of years older."
Fry says: "Thank you, sir."
Zapp says: "As a gentleman, I must warn you."
Zapp says: "If you so much as glance at another woman, I'll be all over Leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure."
Fry says: "Well, rest assured, Leela's the only girl for me."
Enter the Wongs.
Amy says: "Hey, Fry."
Leela says: "Amy!"
Amy says: "Leela!"
Amy has brought her parents. They sit down.
Zapp says: "Ah, the family Wong."
Zapp says: "Our party is complete."
Fry, Leela and Amy lean in.
Leela says: "What are we gonna do?"
Leela says: "Fry can't pretend to be both our boyfriends."
Fry says: "Sure I can."
Fry says: "I learned how to handle delicate social situations from a little show called Three's Company."
Zapp taps his glass.
Zapp says: "I'd like to impose a toast on the happy couple."
Zapp says: "Down the hatch!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Hear, hear!"
Mrs. Wong says: "Now let's have a kiss!"
Zapp says: "Yes, Fry."
Zapp says: "Plant one on your woman."
Fry says: "Um, let me think."
Fry says: "Come and knock on our door, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh."
Fry says: "Uh, Mr."
Mr. Wong thumps the table.
Mr. Wong says: "What's the hold up?"
Mr. Wong says: "Kiss my daughter already!"
Farnsworth says: "Wait, I'm confused."
Farnsworth says: "Now tell me, Fry, which one of these ladies are you involved with?"
Fry says: "Uh..."
He hums the theme to Three's Company again. Enter Kif.
Kif says: "Captain, may I have a word with you?"
Zapp says: "No."
Kif says: "It's an emergency, sir."
Zapp says: "Come back when it's a catastrophe."
Zapp says: "Oh, very well."
He leaves with Kif.
Amy says: "Well, with Zapp gone and my parents still here, I suggest Fry give me a nice, convincing kiss."
Fry says: "Ah, now there's something we can all enjoy."
He and Amy kiss. Leela grunts and turns away.
[Scene says: "Titanic Wheel Room."
[Scene says: "The comets outside fly very close to the ship."
Kif says: "Sir, remember your course correction?"
Zapp says: "No."
Kif says: "Well it's proving somewhat more suicidal than we'd initially hoped."
Zapp says: "Kif, old friend, I don't know which disgusts me more: Your cowardice or your stupidity!"
Zapp says: "We'll simply set a new course for that empty region over there."
Zapp says: "Near that black-ish hole-ish thing."
He points at the black-ish hole-ish thing and grins. Kif's jaw drops.
[Scene says: "Titanic Deck."
[Scene says: "Fry emerges from a room."
[Scene says: "Leela looks over the railing."
Fry says: "Hey, Leela, why'd you run off from dinner?"
Leela says: "I didn't run off."
Leela says: "I had plenty of time to finish eating and stroll away while you were kissing Amy."
Fry says: "Oh, look, I'm not actually interested in her if that's what's bothering you."
Leela says: "Oh, are you sure?"
Leela says: "I mean, she has two eyes, you have two eyes."
Fry says: "I know, we seem like a perfect match, but I just don't feel that way about her."
The Titanic drifts past a nebula.
Leela says: "Nice nebula."
Fry says: "Yeah."
They look down at the couples on the decks below and see Hermes and LaBarbara; Bender and the Countess; Mr. and Mrs. Wong; Dr. Zoidberg and a jellyfish alien; Farnsworth and Hattie.
Leela says: "Look's like everybody's got somebody."
Leela says: "Except me."
Fry says: "And me."
They gaze into each other's eyes and lean in to kiss. The ship shakes, Leela loses her balance, head butts Fry and they both fall over.
Leela says: "What was that?"
Leela says: "Oh, my God!"
Leela says: "We're heading straight into a black hole."
Fry says: "Talk about a mood killer!"
[Scene says: "Titanic Wheel Room."
Zapp says: "Don't blame yourself, Kif."
Zapp says: "We were doomed from the start."
Zapp says: "Nothing remains now but for the captain to go down with his ship."
Kif says: "Why, that's surprisingly noble of you, sir."
Zapp says: "No, it's noble of you, Kif!"
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "you're in command."
Zapp says: "Congratulations, captain!"
He leaves and flies past the wheel room in an escape pod. Kif sighs.
[Scene says: "Titanic Deck."
[Scene says: "People run about in a panic."
[Scene says: "The staff look at a deck plan of the Titanic."
Leela says: "OK."
Leela says: "We just have to get from here to the escape pods."
Farnsworth says: "I'm too young to die!"
Leela says: "Come on, before it's too late!"
Bender says: "You all go without me."
Bender says: "I'm gonna take one last look around."
Bender says: "You know, for, uh, stuff to steal."
Fry says: "You're going back or the Countess, aren't you?"
Bender pulls Fry aside.
Bender says: "Alright, I am."
Bender says: "But I don't want the others to know."
Bender says: "If I don't come back, just say I died robbing some old man."
Fry says: "I'll tell them you went out prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger."
Bender says: "I love you, buddy!"
Bender hugs Fry then runs off.
[Cut to says: "Titanic Casino."
[Cut to says: "The fruit machines and tables are overturned, fires burn and there is a huge hole in the middle of the floor."
[Cut to says: "Bender runs in to the room."
Bender says: "Countess?"
Bender says: "Countess?"
Countess says: "Bender!"
Bender looks around and sees the Countess' hat by the hole. He rushes over and peers into the hole. The Countess is trapped in a burning room. She is huddled in a corner away from the flames.
Countess says: "I fell through the deck."
Bender says: "Are you hurt, my sweet?"
Countess says: "No."
Countess says: "Luckily a family broke my fall."
Bender says: "Just hang on!"
Bender says: "I'll take care of that fire!"
He grabs a fire hose and jumps through the hole.
[Cut to says: "Titanic Room."
[Cut to says: "Bender lands in the middle of the room and sprays the flames with water, extinguishing the fire."
[Cut to says: "He leaves the hose and hugs the Countess."
Countess says: "Bender, you risked your life to save me."
Bender says: "And I'd do it again."
Bender says: "And perhaps a third time."
Bender says: "But that would be it."
Bender says: "When we kiss, I feel like I'm standing waist-deep in a pool of cold, rising water."
They both look down and see they are standing waist-deep in a pool of cold, rising water. They scream and shout as it gets closer to their heads.
[Scene says: "Titanic Corridor."
[Scene says: "The staff run around a corner."
[Scene says: "Fry carries Farnsworth on his back."
Leela says: "Hurry!"
Leela says: "The escape pods should be just ahead!"
Hermes says: "Faster!"
There is a crash and the emergency airlock begins to close. The staff run forwards to get under it. Zoidberg dives and wedges his claw under it. It stops moving. Leela tries to lift it.
Leela says: "It won't move."
Leela says: "And the door release is on the other side."
Fry says: "Then we're dead meat."
Fry says: "No one could squeeze under there!"
Hermes steps forward.
Hermes says: "No one, except a legendary limbo champion."
He tears his tux off, revealing his Earth team vest underneath.
LaBarbara says: "Oh, Hermes!"
Hermes leans back and his back creaks.
Hermes says: "Ooh!"
Hermes says: "It's been a while."
Hermes says: "This one is for that little kid who's limbo-ing up in heaven right now."
LaBarbara pulls a food trolley in front of her and starts playing a dish cover with some spoons. Hermes squeezes under the door. The others cheer.
LaBarbara says: "That's my man, alright, baby, limbo!"
Hermes says: "I still got the moves!"
Hermes says: "Zoidberg, lower the door another inch."
LaBarbara says: "Just go on through and hit the release, you hot dog!"
Hermes says: "Yes, dear."
The door slides up. They all cheer and rush through.
LaBarbara says: "That's my man!"
Amy says: "Yay, Hermes!"
Hermes says: "Uh, can somebody help me up?"
[Scene says: "Titanic Room."
[Scene says: "The water rises and completely covers the robots."
[Scene says: "They stop screaming."
Countess says: "Well, now what are we going to do?"
Bender says: "Wait a second."
Bender says: "Aren't you a member of the yacht club?"
Countess says: "By God, you're right!"
Countess says: "I'm a class-3 yacht."
A propellor comes out from under her. Bender hops on and they rise to the surface.
[Scene says: "Titanic Deck."
[Scene says: "Passengers board the escape pods."
Farnsworth says: "Thank God there are plenty of escape pods."
Farnsworth says: "We won't have to dress up like women and children."
He takes his hat off and throws his lolly down. He and the others run into the escape pod. Leela and Fry stop outside.
Leela says: "We can't leave yet."
Leela says: "We've got to wait for Bender."
Leela says: "The high gravity must be slowing down his looting."
Amy's parents walk out onto the deck.
Mrs. Wong says: "Amy!"
Amy says: "Mom?"
Amy says: "Dad?"
Amy says: "You're alive!"
Mr. Wong says: "Yeah, but so what?"
Mr. Wong says: "The important thing is we found you a new man."
Mrs. Wong says: "A captain."
Amy says: "Uh, Mom, I don't--  Hi!"
Kif says: "Hello!"
Kif picks Amy up and carries her to the escape pod. They kiss.
[Cut to says: "Escape Pod."
[Cut to says: "The ship begins to twist and distort."
Farnsworth says: "I don't feel well!"
His head twists around like a squishy goo.
[Cut to says: "Titanic Deck."
[Cut to says: "Fry points at something in space."
Fry says: "Look!"
Fry says: "It's our nebula."
Fry says: "Whenever I see it I'll think back to that moment when we almost--  Never mind!"
Hermes pokes his head out of the escape pod.
Hermes says: "Everyone else is off the ship."
Hermes says: "Where in Babylon is Bender?"
Leela says: "I don't know."
Leela says: "But we can't wait any longer."
She gets into the pod and Fry follows. He looks back at the ship.
Fry says: "Goodbye, Bender."
He closes the hatch. Bender and the Countess run out of the ship panting.
Bender says: "Wait for us!"
The escape pod lifts off and the airlock between it and the Titanic deck seals. Bender and the Countess leap from the deck, smashing through the glass airlock.
[Cut to says: "Outside Escape Pod."
[Cut to says: "Bender and the Countess float towards the pod and Bender reaches out his hand."
[Cut to says: "Escape Pod."
[Cut to says: "It rocks as Bender grabs hold."
[Cut to says: "Everyone sits along the length of the pod and Leela steers."
Leela says: "Something's wrong."
Leela says: "We're two metric tons overweight."
Amy says: "Well, it's not me!"
Fry looks out of the airlock window.
Fry says: "Look!"
Everyone looks out the window to see Bender and the Countess.
[Cut to says: "Outside Escape Pod."
[Cut to says: "The Titanic creaks and is sucked into the black hole."
[Cut to says: "The escape pod starts to drift back towards it."
Countess says: "I'm slipping, Bender."
Countess says: "The pull is too strong!"
She slips from Bender's grasp but he grabs on to her bracelet. It's all that holds them together. She screams.
Bender says: "I can't live without you."
Bender says: "If you let go, I let go!"
Countess says: "No!"
Countess says: "You have too much to live for."
Countess says: "It may hurt for a while but one day you'll share your love again."
Countess says: "After all, it's shareware."
Bender says: "Don't talk like that."
Bender says: "Tragic romances always have a happy ending."
The bracelet snaps and the Countess falls towards the black hole.
Countess says: "Farewell!"
The black hole sucks her in.
Bender says: "No!"
[Cut to says: "Escape Pod."
[Cut to says: "Bender walks in and closes the airlock behind him."
Bender says: "She's gone."
Leela says: "But she saved all our lives."
Leela says: "Without her, we're light enough to get away."
Bender slams his head against the airlock and cries.
Fry says: "Don't cry, Bender."
Fry says: "Nobody really knows what happens in a black hole."
Fry says: "It's possible she's still alive in another dimension somewhere."
Fry says: "Right, Professor?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes, absolutely!"
Farnsworth says: "Not a chance!"
He draws his finger across his neck and mimes being hung.
Bender says: "At least I'll always have her bracelet!"
Bender says: "What do you think it's worth?"
Hermes takes a look at it.
Hermes says: "It's fake, mon!"
Bender cries as the pod flies away into space.
Closing Credits.