[Opening Credits. Caption says: "From The Makers Of Futurama."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender sit on the couch with their feet up on the table."
[Scene says: "There are crumbs, Chinese take-away boxes and a burger on the table."
[Scene says: "A creepy Twilight Zone-esque show starts on the TV."
[Scene says: "The opening titles are a star field background with various objects flying past the camera."
Narrator says: "As per your request, please find enclosed the last man on earth."
The camera stops moving. The man climbs some stairs into a public library. The scene moves inside where the man walks between the bookshelves.
Man says: "Hey, look at that weird mirror!"
Fry shudders.
Bender says: "Cursed by his own hubris!"
Enter Leela.
Leela says: "There's a political debate on!"
Leela says: "Quick, change the channel!"
Bender says: "Hey, that's what Fry said when we turned on the debate!"
Leela changes the channel herself. Two men who look remarkably alike stand at podiums. There are just two people in the audience.
Announcer says: "C-SPAN9 presents: The Thrill Of Politics."
Fry and Bender snore. Leela sighs and slides Fry across the couch and sits between them. They wake up.
Leela says: "Look, I know there are no car chases but this is important."
Leela says: "One of these two men will become president of the world."
Fry says: "What do we care?"
Fry says: "We live in the United States."
Leela says: "The United States is part of the world."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I have been gone a long time."
One of the candidates, Jack Johnson, begins the debate.
Johnson says: "It's time someone had the courage to stand up and say: "I'm against those things that everybody hates"."
The other candidate is John Jackson.
Jackson says: "Now I respect my opponent."
Jackson says: "I think he's a good man but, quite frankly, I agree with everything he just said!"
Fry says: "These are the candidates?"
Fry says: "They sound like clones."
Fry says: "Wait a minute."
Fry says: "They are clones!"
Leela says: "Don't let their identical DNA fool you."
Leela says: "They differ on some key issues."
Johnson says: "I say your three cent titanium tax goes too far."
Jackson says: "And I say your three cent titanium tax doesn't go too far enough!"
Fry says: "If I were registered to vote, I'd send these clowns a message by staying home on election day and dressing up like a clown."
Leela says: "You're not registered?"
Fry says: "Nope."
Fry says: "Not vaccinated either!"
Fry says: "Besides, it's not like one vote ever made a difference."
Leela says: "That's not true; the first robot president won by exactly one vote."
Bender says: "Ah, yes, John Quincy Adding Machine."
Bender says: "He struck a cord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree."
Farnsworth says: "But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver."
Leela says: "The point is, one vote can make a difference and even though it won't, I'm still taking you to get registered."
Farnsworth says: "Yes, that's a capital idea."
Farnsworth says: "Let's all go register!"
Fry says: "Professor, when did you become so obsessed with voting?"
Farnsworth says: "The very instant I became old."
[Scene says: "Citihall."
[Scene says: "Two banners have been hung outside, one saying "Voter Registration" and the other saying "First 100 Customers Get Extra Vote"."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express staff stand in the middle of a room."
[Scene says: "On one side is Jack Johnson's party, the Tastycrats, and on the other is John Jackson's, the Fingerlicans."
Farnsworth says: "The problem with both parties is that they always want to give your tax dollars to the less fortunate."
Fry says: "The less fortunate get all the breaks!"
Zoidberg says: "You know, Fry, you could join a third party, maybe."
Amy scoffs.
Amy says: "Only weirdos and mutants join third parties."
Zoidberg says: "Really?"
Zoidberg says: "I'd better keep an eye out at the next meeting."
Fry says: "What party do you belong to, Bender?"
Bender says: "I'm not allowed to vote."
Fry says: "'Cause you're a robot?"
Bender says: "No, convicted felon."
Time Lapse. Some of the other parties are the One Cell, One Vote party which is represented by two amoebae; the Green Party, represented by five green aliens; the Brain Slug Party, represented by two people with Brain Slugs on their heads.
Woman says: "We favour unreasonably huge subsidies to the Brain Slug Planet."
Fry says: "OK, but what are the Brain Slugs who control you gonna do for the working man?"
Woman says: "Attach Brain Slugs to them."
Fry says: "Sure, you say that now!"
Amy looks at the Dudes For The Legalation Of Hemp party.
Amy says: "So, is it true you can make all kinds of shirts and ropes out of hemp?"
Stoned Guy says: "Dave's not here, man."
Amy says: "I also heard hemp makes great shampoo."
Stoned Guy says: "It does?"
Stoned Guy says: "No way!"
Stoned Guy says: "I gotta check out this brochure!"
He picks up a burger and munches on it. Farnsworth is over at the National Ray-Gun Association booth.
Farnsworth says: "So what are you doing to protect my constitutional right to bear doomsday devices?"
N.R.A. Man says: "Well, first off, we're gonna get rid of that three-day waiting period for mad scientists."
Farnsworth says: "Damn straight!"
Farnsworth says: "Today, the mad scientist can't get a doomsday device, tomorrow it's the mad grad student."
Farnsworth says: "Where will it end?"
N.R.A. Man says: "Amen, brother."
N.R.A. Man says: "I don't go anywhere without my mutated anthrax..."
N.R.A. Man says: "..."
N.R.A. Man says: "for duck hunting."
Zoidberg talks with a Neptunian at the People For The Ethical Treatment Of Humans stand.
Zoidberg says: "Sure, humans are cute, but how else are we supposed to test cosmetics?"
Hermes has a Brain Slug attached to his head.
Hermes says: "I concur."
Fry and Leela check out the Voter Apathy Party. The man sits at the booth, leaning his head on his hand.
Fry says: "Now here's a party I can get excited about."
Fry says: "Sign me up!"
V.A.P. Man says: "Sorry, not with that attitude."
Fry says: "OK then, screw it."
V.A.P. Man says: "Welcome aboard, brother!"
Fry says: "Alright!"
V.A.P. Man says: "You're out."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Bender, Fry and Leela are back on the couch."
Fry says: "That was pretty cool."
Fry says: "I think I'm actually starting to get interested in politics."
Leela turns the TV on for the election coverage, presented by Morbo and Linda. Fry and Bender fall asleep. In the studio, there is picture of the hardhat guy giving a thumbs up with a question mark above him and "Decision 3000" below him.
Linda says: "And so, with two weeks left in the campaign, the question on everyone's mind is who will be the next President of Earth?"
Linda says: "Jack Johnson or bitter rival John Jackson?"
Linda says: "Two terrific candidates, huh, Morbo?"
Morbo says: "All humans are vermin in the eyes of Morbo."
Linda laughs.
Linda says: "In other local news, disaster struck on Saturn's moon of Titan today, when a titanium mine collapsed, trapping 1,000 robot workers."
Bender wakes up.
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Lord have mercy!"
Linda says: "Sir, what rescue operations are planned?"
Mine Spokesman says: "The plan is basically to pave over the area and get on with our lives."
Bender gasps. The picture cuts back to the studio.
Morbo says: "News of the mines closing sent titanium prices skyrocketing."
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "I'm rich!"
Leela says: "What are you talking about?"
Bender says: "My body's 40% titanium!"
Bender says: "I'm finally richer than those snooty ATM machines."
Fry says: "Too bad you can't spend it."
Bender says: "Oh, can't I?"
Fry says: "No."
Bender says: "Watch me, poor man."
[Scene says: "Outside Rook Takes Pawnshop."
Pawnbroker says: "Pleasure doing business with you."
Bender laughs. The pawnbroker carries Bender's head out of the building and sets it down on the pavement. Bender is holding a wad of cash in his mouth.
Bender says: "Game's over, losers."
Bender says: "I have all the money!"
Bender says: "Compare your lives to mine and then kill yourselves!"
Bender says: "You just lost five dollars!"
Time Lapse. The dog has gone.
Bender says: "Hey, buddy."
Bender says: "Little help?"
Bender says: "Thank you!"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "Farnsworth, Leela and Fry are sat around the conference table."
[Cut to says: "Fry is eating a bowl of Bachelor Chow."
[Cut to says: "Bender's head flies through the window, bounces off the screen and lands in the middle of the table."
Bender says: "Hello, peasants."
Leela says: "Bender?"
Leela says: "What happened to you?"
Fry says: "Yeah, you look different."
Fry says: "Did you get a haircut?"
Bender says: "No, I sold my body."
He spits the cash out of his mouth.
Farnsworth says: "Sold your body?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, Bender, I've been down that road."
Farnsworth says: "I know it's glamorous and the parties are great but you'll end up spending every dollar you make on jewellery and skintight pants."
Fry says: "This is crazy, Bender."
Fry says: "How are you gonna live without a body?"
Bender says: "Pft!"
Bender says: "Bodies are for hookers and fat people!"
Bender says: "All I need is a wad of cash with a head wrapped around it."
Fry says: "Well, at least now you can pay off your loan shark."
Bender says: "Yeah, right."
Bender says: "What's he gonna do, break my legs?"
He laughs.
[Scene says: "Fancy Pad."
[Scene says: "Bender lives the high life."
[Scene says: "He sits on a lilo in a pool, reading Playbot with a lackey nearby."
Bender says: "Ah, this is the life."
Bender says: "Another martini, please."
Time Lapse. At the bar the man pours the drinks straight into Bender's head through his antenna hole.
Bender says: "Shaken, not stirred."
Bender says: "Aw, yeah!"
[Scene says: "Casino."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela join Bender for a game of roulette."
Bender says: "Put it all on black."
Fry slides Bender's chips down the table and knocks Bender onto the wheel. He bounces around on it before it stops. His antenna points to a number.
Croupier says: "21 red."
Croupier says: "I beg your pardon."
Croupier says: "33 black."
Bender says: "Yes!"
Bender says: "The rich get richer!"
[Scene says: "Bowling Alley."
[Scene says: "The machine returns Leela's ball, which looks like an eye."
[Scene says: "Fry bowls Bender's head down the lane and it knocks down all the pins."
Bender says: "Strike!"
Bender says: "In your face, Leela!"
Bender says: "Ow!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Nibbler runs through a door flap being chased by Bender in a little car."
[Scene says: "Amy and Zoidberg dive out of the way of the car..."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "..."
[Cut to says: "as Bender drives it through the doorway."
[Cut to says: "He hits a gibbering Farnsworth in the shins."
Bender says: "Timber!"
Farnsworth falls over.
Fry says: "Hey, Bender, can I take a ride in your car?"
Bender says: "Maybe if you clean up first."
Bender says: "It looks like your neck stepped in something."
Bender says: "Oh, I'm sorry, that's just your body!"
He laughs.
Fry says: "Hey!"
Fry says: "You look me in the shins and say that."
Bender says: "I've had it up to here with this place."
Bender says: "I'm off to the Head Museum to hang out with classy heads like me who appreciate the finer things: poetry, philosophy, hats."
Bender says: "So long, coffin stuffers!"
Bender says: "Uh, could one of you coffin stuffers please carry me?"
[Scene says: "Head Museum: Hall of Celebrities."
[Scene says: "Fry, Bender and Leela pass the heads of such movie stars as Charlie Chaplin, Jack Nicholson, Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, Clint Eastwood, Leonardo DiCaprio, Sylvester Stallone and Sharon Stone; such B-movie stars as Mimi Rogers, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Elvis, Eric Stoltz and Martin Lawrence; such porn stars as Traci Lords, Ron Jeremy, Samuel Genitals, Jill Big Breasts and Long D."
[Scene says: "Silver and TV stars David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson, Tim Allen, Jerry Seinfeld, Lucille Ball and Katey Sagal."
Bender says: "Now, which group of heads is good enough for me to hang out with?"
Bender says: "What do you think, Fry?"
Bender says: "Fry?"
Fry is talking to Claudia Schiffer's head in the supermodels section.
Schiffer says: "Hi, I'm Claudia Schiffer's head."
Fry says: "I recognise you."
Fry says: "Didn't you use to have a body of some sort?"
Schiffer says: "Yeah, but it was holding me back."
Schiffer says: "You know, I just did the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimcap Issue."
Fry purrs.
Fry says: "Well, you're looking great."
Schiffer says: "Thanks."
Schiffer says: "I wouldn't mind losing a few pounds though."
Fry says: "Couldn't hurt."
[Scene says: "Head Museum: Hall of Presidents."
Bender says: "Ah, US presidents."
Bender says: "This place has class."
Clinton says: "Hey, sugar cookie."
Clinton says: "You know, legally, nothing I can do counts as sex anymore."
Ford says: "I apologise for his rudeness, ma'am."
Ford says: "He gets this way around meaty-looking women."
Fry says: "Hey, I remember you."
Fry says: "I was gonna vote for you one time."
Fry says: "But voting isn't cool so I stayed home alone and got trashed on Listerine."
Ford says: "Frankly, I've never felt voting to be all that essential to the process."
Nixon says: "No kidding, Ford."
Time Lapse.
Bender says: "So then the hookerbot says, "That's not my expansion slot" and my friend says, "That's not my gold-plated 25-pin connector!"
He laughs.
Washington says: "Oh, Bender."
Washington says: "Thou robots really cracketh me up."
Bender says: "You know, I like it here."
Bender says: "What's the rent on one of these jars?"
George H.W. Bush says: "Sorry, Bender, but we just can't allow every Tom, Dick, and Harry to move in."
George H.W. Bush says: "No offence, Jefferson, Nixon and Truman."
Carter says: "Maybe Mr."
Carter says: "Bender can get a spot in the closet of presidential losers."
The closet is filled with the heads of Bob Dole, Lyndon LaRouche, Walter Mondale and Ross Perot as well as some cleaning supplies.
Dole says: "Bob Dole needs company."
Dole says: "LaRouche won't stop with the "knock knock" jokes."
Bender says: "Pass."
Washington says: "So, telleth, Bender."
Washington says: "What hath happened to your body?"
Bender says: "I hocked it."
Washington says: "Hocked it?"
Washington says: "Why wouldst thou do that?"
Bender says: "Same reason you hocked your teeth."
Washington says: "Ah."
Washington says: "Booze money."
Nixon says: "I remember my body; flabby, pastey-skinned, riddled with phlebitis."
Nixon says: "A good Republican body!"
Nixon says: "God, I loved it."
Fry says: "I hear that."
Fry says: "I spent most of my teen years loving my body."
Fry says: "Course, it was tough love but-- Ooh!"
Leela elbows him in the stomach.
Leela says: "Fry, he opened up relations with China."
Leela says: "He doesn't want to hear about your ding-dong."
Bender says: "So, Nixon."
Bender says: "Even if you miss your body, being a head's great too, right?"
Nixon says: "No, son."
Nixon says: "It's a sad and lonely life."
Bender says: "Oh, great."
Bender says: "Now you tell me!"
Nixon says: "That's my style."
Nixon says: "I like to kick 'em when they're down!"
Bender looks sad.
[Scene says: "Robot Arms Apartments: Bender's Bedroom."
[Scene says: "Bender's head has a tiny bed and he is wearing a nightcap."
[Scene says: "He tosses and turns."
[Scene says: "He starts dreaming and 1's and 0's appear out of blackness."
Bender says: "Ones..."
Bender says: "zeros..."
The numbers appear faster and faster and he wakes up screaming. Fry opens the door.
Fry says: "Bender, what is it?"
Bender says: "Whoa, what an awful dream."
Bender says: "Ones and zeros everywhere."
Bender says: "And I thought I saw a two."
Fry says: "It was just a dream, Bender."
Fry says: "There's no such thing as two."
Bender says: "I know what this is about."
Bender says: "My body loved me, and I turned it's back on it."
Bender says: "Well, old friend, tie a yellow ribbon round your neck, 'cause I'm a-comin' home!"
[Scene says: "Rook Takes Pawnshop."
[Scene says: "The next morning, Fry and Bender are back at the pawnshop."
[Scene says: "There is a metal detector, a TV, some suitcases and a guitar in the shop."
Bender says: "You sold my body?"
Bender says: "To who?"
Pawnbroker says: "I can't reveal that information, but you look like a nice robot."
Pawnbroker says: "Tell you what, I'll give you 50 bucks for the kid."
He starts counting out some cash.
Fry says: "Hey, my clothes are worth 50 bucks!"
Pawnbroker says: "Deal."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry is sat on the couch stark naked with Bender, Leela and Farnsworth."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Bender says: "How could I let this happen?"
Bender says: "I can't go through the rest of my life like this."
Farnsworth says: "Don't you have a self-destruct button?"
Bender says: "Yeah, but it's on my body."
Bender says: "What am I gonna do?"
Fry says: "Ah, I can't stand to see a robot cry."
Fry says: "Let's watch TV!"
He turns it on. Richard Nixon's head is giving a press conference.
Nixon says: "And so, ladies and gentlemen, I'm throwing my head into the ring."
Nixon says: "I'm announcing my candidacy for the presidency of Earth."
[Cut to says: "Nixon's Press Conference."
[Cut to says: "The reporters wave their hands in the air."
Journalist #1 says: "Just one question."
A man stands up.
Scoop Chang says: "Scoop Chang, Beijing Bugle."
Scoop Chang says: "Sir, the constitution clearly states that nobody can be elected president more than twice."
Nixon says: "That's right."
Nixon says: "Nobody."
Nixon says: "But as you can plainly see, I've got a shiny new body!"
He starts dancing. His new body is Bender's old body, plus a new red tie.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Gasps aplenty."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Leela says: "Bender, he's got your body!"
Bender says: "That dirty, double-crossing bastard!"
Bender says: "How dare he run off with Richard Nixon!"
Time Lapse. Fry has put on some new clothes.
Leela says: "Nixon must have bought your body from the pawn shop."
Fry says: "Yeah, and that electric guitar."
Nixon plays Jefferson Airplane's White Rabbit.
Feed your head.
Bender says: "Yeah, you are, you stole my body!"
Bender says: "Fry, Leela, you gotta help me!"
Leela says: "Ordinarily I'd say no and lecture you on how this is your own fault for being such an idiot."
Leela says: "But when a robotic Nixon is on the loose, we have a duty to take action."
Leela says: "Idiot."
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship lands beside the Washington Monument and the much larger Clinton Monument."
[Scene says: "Presidential Debate."
[Scene says: "Jack Johnson, John Jackson and Nixon are at the debate, headed by Morbo."
Morbo says: "Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates: Puny Human #1, Puny Human #2, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon."
Nixon says: "Hello, Morbo."
Nixon says: "How's the family?"
Morbo says: "Belligerent and numerous."
Nixon says: "Good man."
Nixon says: "Nixon's pro-war and pro-family."
He takes a baby out of his chest cabinet and kisses it.
Bender says: "Great."
Bender says: "First he steals my body, now he's touching my stuff."
Leela says: "Come on."
Leela says: "We've gotta find some way to talk to him."
They sneak out.
Morbo says: "Morbo demands an answer to the following question: If you saw delicious candy in the hands of a small child would you seize and consume it?"
Johnson says: "Unthinkable."
Jackson says: "I wouldn't think of it."
Morbo says: "What about you, Mr."
Morbo says: "Nixon?"
Morbo says: "I remind you, you are under a truth-o-scope."
The truth-o-scope hovers over Nixon's head and he starts to sweat.
Nixon says: "Uh, well, I, uh..."
Nixon says: "the question is-is vague."
Nixon says: "You don't say what kind of candy, whether anyone is watching or, uh..."
Nixon says: "At any rate, I certainly wouldn't harm the child."
The truth-o-scope beeps.
[Scene says: "Nixon's Dressing Room."
[Scene says: "He squirts cleaner on his jar and rubs it."
[Scene says: "His campaign manager is with him."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "You scored big points tonight, sir."
Nixon says: "What are you talking about?"
Nixon says: "They ate me alive out there."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "Yes, but your body stayed on message."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "And that message is, "Look at my shiny new body"."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "The robots ate it up."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "You've got real charisma from the neck down."
Nixon says: "Nixon with charisma?"
Nixon says: "My God, I can rule the universe!"
Bender, Fry and Leela come out of a laundry hamper.
Bender says: "Give me my body back, you two-bit thief!"
Nixon says: "Now, look here, you drugged-out Communist."
Nixon says: "I paid for this body and I'd no sooner return it than I would my little cocker spaniel dog, Checkers."
Nixon says: "Shut up, damnit!"
Fry says: "Please, Mr."
Fry says: "Nixon."
Fry says: "We're appealing to your sense of decency."
Everyone laughs.
Bender says: "That was a good one!"
Nixon says: "Seriously though, I'm never giving back this body."
Nixon says: "Now beat it!"
Nixon says: "Before I get Cambodian on your asses!"
[Scene says: "Fxjkhr Monument."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender sit on the 60th president's monument."
[Scene says: "He was a huge monster, and his statue shows him devouring a person."
[Scene says: "There are skulls around his feet."
Bender says: "It's hopeless."
Bender says: "We might as well turn in my head for the five cent deposit."
Fry says: "No way!"
Fry says: "I'm not letting my best friend get recycled."
Fry says: "Not for five cents, not for five hundred cents!"
Fry says: "Leela, I've got a plan!"
Leela says: "I've got a better plan."
[Scene says: "Outside Watergate Hotel."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela, dressed in black, creep around the side of the building."
[Scene says: "The two carry a bag between them with Bender's head inside."
[Scene says: "A searchlight moves past them and they freeze."
Fry says: "Why would Nixon stay at the Watergate?"
Leela says: "They give you a discount if you've been here before."
She shoots a grappling hook onto the roof. The hook scurries across the roof, wraps itself around a pipe and gives the rope a tug.
Time Lapse. Leela hauls herself up the side of the building.
Fry says: "Keep going, we're right behind you."
He's just holding onto her and letting her do all the climbing. Bender looks through a window.
Bender says: "Whoa, mama!"
Bender says: "Get a room, you two!"
Man says: "We're in a room!"
Bender says: "Well then lose some weight."
Leela pulls Fry onto a ledge and they pull back some curtains. Nixon is asleep in front of a TV.
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
[Cut to says: "Nixon's Hotel Room."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela climb in."
Nixon says: "Oh, yeah."
Nixon says: "You women's libbers really know how to party!"
Bender says: "Psst!"
Bender says: "There I am!"
Leela starts unscrewing Nixon's jar from Bender's body.
Nixon says: "Hey, Betty Friedan, send a little of that lotion my way!"
Leela says: "OK, almost got it."
Leela says: "Steady."
Leela says: "Steady."
Leela says: "Don't panic."
Fry is lying on a bed, not listening. He looks at a box beside the bed marked "Magic Tentacles".
Fry says: "Ooh!"
Fry says: "Uh-oh!"
The bed starts to shake and the tentacles throw Fry around. Nixon wakes up and gasps.
Nixon says: "What the--  You shaggy peaceniks have some nerve!"
Bender says: "I'm just here for what's mine."
Bender says: "Don't make me kick your neck."
Nixon says: "Bring it on, soup can."
They growl and start very slowly edging their way towards each other.
Leela says: "Alright, break it up, you two!"
She puts them on the couch.
Nixon says: "That's it."
Nixon says: "You're all going to jail."
Nixon says: "And don't expect me to grant a pardon like that sissy, Ford."
Leela says: "You'll never pardon anybody because you'll never get elected president."
Leela says: "The voters of Earth aren't the pea-brained idiots they were back in your time."
Nixon says: "Oh, no?"
Nixon says: "Well, listen here, missy."
Nixon says: "Computers may be twice as fast as they were in 1973 but your average voter is as drunk and stupid as ever."
Nixon says: "The only one who's changed is me."
Nixon says: "I've become bitter and, let's face it, crazy over the years."
Nixon says: "And once I'm swept into office, I'll sell our children's organs to zoos for meat and I'll go into people's houses at night and wreck up the place."
He cackles.
Fry says: "Well, he lost my vote."
Nixon says: "Like one vote ever made a difference."
Nixon says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to inch myself over to the phone and call the police."
He starts hopping his way over.
Bender says: "Not so fast, Nixon!"
Bender says: "Are you familiar with audio tape?"
He rewinds a tape in his head.
Nixon says: "Uh-oh."
Nixon says: "I don't like where this is heading."
Nixon says: "And I'll go into people's houses at night and wreck up the place!"
He cackles.
Nixon says: "My God?"
Nixon says: "I really sound like that?"
Nixon says: "I thought my voice had more of a Clark Gable quality."
Leela takes the tape out of Bender's mouth.
Leela says: "The jig's up, Nixon."
Leela says: "We'll trade you the tape for the body."
Nixon says: "Oh, expletive deleted."
Nixon says: "You've got a deal."
Fry says: "Hey, I've got one last thought."
The magic tentacles grab him and start throwing him around again.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Farnsworth are sat on the couch holding Earth flags."
[Scene says: "Enter Bender."
Bender says: "Ah, it's good to be back in one piece again."
Bender says: "Except I can't get these damn bumper stickers off."
He turns around and shows them his "Nixon's Head's The One" and "Impeach This!" bumper stickers.
Linda says: "The sheer drama of this election has driven voter turnout to its highest level in centuries."
Morbo says: "Exit polls show evil underdog Richard Nixon trailing with an estimated zero votes."
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "The system works!"
Linda says: "The time is 7:59 and the robot polls are now opening..."
Linda says: "and the robot vote is in."
Linda says: "Nixon has won!"
Leela says: "No!"
Fry says: "What?"
Bender says: "Get out of town!"
Fry says: "Why would robots vote for Nixon now that he's just a head in a jar?"
[Cut to says: "Nixon's Campaign Headquarters."
Nixon's campaign manager says: "I give you the next president of Earth!"
Nixon comes through the flag with his head atop a massive robot body. He steps on his campaign manager and crushes her.
Nixon says: "Nixon's back!"
His robot supporters cheer.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
Farnsworth says: "I can't believe it."
Farnsworth says: "He won by a single vote."
Bender says: "Well it ain't my fault."
Bender says: "I'm a non-voting felon, thank you."
Fry says: "Well it's not my fault either 'cause I forgot to vote."
Leela says: "Oh, crud."
Leela says: "I knew there was something I meant to do today."
Morbo says: "Morbo congratulates our gargantuan cyborg president."
Morbo says: "May death come quickly to his enemies."
Linda chuckles.
[Scene says: "Washington D."
[Scene says: "C."
[Scene says: "Street."
[Scene says: "People run away as Nixon uproots trees and crushes cars to Hail to the Chief."
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
Nixon says: "Who's kicking who around now?"
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
Nixon says: "Aroo!"
[Cut to says: "Outside White House."
Nixon says: "Knock, knock!"
He pounds down the wall with his fists, walks in and laughs.
Closing Credits.