[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Bender, Fry and Leela sit around the table."
[Scene says: "Bender has a bottle of Löbrau."
[Scene says: "Fry has a can of Slurm and isn't wearing his jacket."
[Scene says: "Enter Farnsworth with a large crate on a hover trolley."
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone."
Farnsworth says: "We've got a very special delivery today."
Fry says: "Who's it going to?"
Farnsworth says: "Me."
Bender dusts off his hands.
Bender says: "Another job well done."
Farnsworth says: "No, I need it shipped to my office at Mars University."
Farnsworth says: "It's a little experiment that may well win me the Nobel Prize."
Leela says: "In what field?"
Farnsworth says: "I don't care, they all pay the same."
Fry stands next to the box.
Fry says: "Is it dangerous?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my, no."
Farnsworth says: "Off we go!"
[Opening Credits. There is a remixed version of the normal theme. Caption says: "Transmitido en Martian en SAP."
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies towards Mars."
[Scene says: "Mars University Campus."
[Scene says: "The ship flies over a sign reading "Mars University."
[Scene says: "Knowledge Brings Fear" and lands in an empty space on the campus grounds."
Time Lapse. Farnsworth takes Fry, Leela and Bender on a tour of the university grounds. They walk past a statue of a big-skulled Martian with octopus-like tentacles wielding a laser gun on horseback.
Fry says: "Very impressive."
Fry says: "Back in the 20th century we had no idea there was a university on Mars."
Farnsworth says: "Well, in those days Mars was just a dreary, uninhabitable wasteland, uh, much like Utah."
Farnsworth says: "But unlike Utah, it was eventually made livable, when the university was founded in 2636."
Leela says: "They planted traditional college foliage; ivy, trees, hemp."
Leela says: "Soon the whole planet was terraformed."
Fry says: "Does that mean it's safe to breathe the air?"
Farnsworth says: "Of course."
Fry takes some huge breaths.
[Scene says: "Outside Wong Library."
[Scene says: "The building is quite big, with "Socrates | Vos Savant | Cognitron" written across the top."
Farnsworth says: "Over here is Wong Library."
Farnsworth says: "It has the largest collection of literature in the Western Universe."
Fry peers through the glass.
[Cut to says: "Mars University: Wong Library."
[Cut to says: "The building is empty, save for a single table in the middle of the room with two discs labelled "Fiction" and "Non-Fiction" propped up on it."
[Cut to says: "Fry whistles, impressed."
[Cut to says: "Outside Wong Library."
Bender says: "Hey, look!"
Bender says: "There's a chapter of my old robot fraternity, Epsilon Rho Rho."
He points to a beaten up frat house with a neon "ERR" sign atop it. There is a smashed-up car, some kegs, a cable spool being used as a table, some kegs, some dustbins, some kegs, some upturned chairs and some kegs around it.
Leela says: "You went to college?"
Bender says: "Of course."
Bender says: "I'm a bender, I went to Bending College."
Bender says: "I majored in Bending."
Fry says: "What was your minor?"
Bender says: "Robo-American Studies."
[Scene says: "Outside Epsilon Rho Rho House."
[Scene says: "Bender knocks on the door and a dorky fratbot answers it."
Fratbot #1 says: "Are you here to fumigate the moose head?"
Bender says: "Uh, no, actually I'm an Epsilon from way back."
They both to a crazy handshake full of tugs, whizzes and the creation of cosmic clouds.
Fratbot #1 says: "Eh, close enough."
Fratbot #1 says: "C'mon in."
Bender says: "Thanks."
Bender says: "Here's your finger back."
The fratbot takes it and Bender and the crew follow him in.
[Cut to says: "Epsilon Rho Rho House."
[Cut to says: "The place is a mess."
Bender says: "All the coolest robots are in this fraternity."
In another room two other fratbots sit at a table with a chessboard. The room is a mess, littered with empty pizza boxes, cans and books. A sock hangs over the moose head and there is a dartboard hanging on a door with darts jabbed in the wall around it. There is a pin-up of a Fembot and a Löbrau poster with a human woman on it on another wall. One of the other fratbots looks like he has glasses painted onto his face and the other one is very fat. The glasses one looks at the chessboard. The game hasn't begun.
Fratbot #2 says: "Mate in 143 moves."
Fratbot #3 says: "Oh, pooh."
Fratbot #3 says: "You win again!"
Bender says: "Uh-oh, nerds!"
Fratbot #1 says: "Allow me to introduce myself."
Fratbot #1 says: "I'm Gearshift, chapter president."
Fratbot #1 says: "This is Oily, and this here is Fat-bot."
Bender says: "You're all losers."
Bender says: "My name's Bender."
The fratbots gasp.
Oily says: "Bender from Bending State Bender?"
Oily says: "Wow, you're a legend around here!"
Fat-bot says: "I heard that in one single night you drank a whole keg, streaked across campus and crammed 58 humans into a phone booth."
Bender says: "Yeah, well, a lot of 'em were children."
Bender says: "Anyway I should get going."
Leela comes down the stairs.
Gearshift says: "No, Bender, wait."
Gearshift says: "We're the lamest frat on campus."
Gearshift says: "Even Hillel has better parties than us."
Gearshift says: "Please, you've gotta stay and teach us how to be cool."
Bender says: "Hmm, OK."
Bender says: "But I'll need 10 kegs of beer, a continuous tape of Louie Louie and a regulation two-storey panty-raid ladder."
Fat-bot wiggles his fingers with excitement.
Fat-bot says: "Oh, boy!"
Fat-bot says: "Oh, boy!"
Fat-bot says: "Oh, boy!"
[Scene says: "Mars University Campus."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Farnsworth continue the tour."
Fry says: "I tell you, being here really takes me back to my college days."
Flashback. At Coney Island, there is a "Snake Boy" stall and a water balloon stall where winners get a Bart and Homer Simpson doll. Fry stands by a Coney Island Community College booth. A buck-toothed man leans through a window wearing a gown and hat.
Man #1 says: "Step right up."
Man #1 says: "Who wants to learn physics?"
Fry shrugs and walks in.
Man #2 says: "Keep your hands inside the car at all times."
Flashback ends.
Fry says: "Good old Coney Island College!"
Fry says: "Go, Whitefish!"
Leela says: "Don't take this the wrong way, Fry, but you don't seem like the educated type."
Fry says: "Oh, yeah?"
Fry says: "Read it and weep."
Fry says: "I'm a certified college dropout."
Leela says: "Please!"
Leela says: "Everyone knows 20th century colleges were basically expensive daycare centres."
Farnsworth says: "That's true."
Farnsworth says: "By current academic standards, you're merely a high school dropout."
Fry says: "What?"
Fry says: "That's not fair."
Fry says: "I deserve the same respect any other college dropout gets."
Fry says: "By God, I'm gonna enroll here at Mars University and drop out all over again!"
Leela says: "You won't last two weeks."
Fry says: "Aww, thanks for believing in me."
[Scene says: "Mars University Student Registration."
[Scene says: "A few people queue up in front of the enrolment tables for A-L and M-Y."
[Scene says: "Several aliens queue at Z."
[Scene says: "Fry joins the A-L line and leafs through a course catalogue."
[Scene says: "Amy wanders up behind him."
Amy says: "Yo, classmate."
Amy says: "What you takin'?"
Fry says: "Oh, I don't know."
Fry says: "Hey, Professor, what are you teaching this semester?"
Farnsworth says: "Same thing I teach every semester: The Mathematics of Quantum Neutrino Fields."
Farnsworth says: "I made up the title so that no student would dare take it."
Fry says: "I'll be there!"
Farnsworth says: "Please, Fry, I don't know how to teach; I'm a professor!"
Fry says: "See you in class!"
Farnsworth grumbles as he walks off with his crate.
Farnsworth says: "Oh!"
[Scene says: "Mars University Campus."
[Scene says: "At night, Bender runs around the Martian statue and checks the coast is clear."
[Scene says: "He beckons to the fratbots and they run across the campus with a ladder."
[Scene says: "They lean it up against the side of a building and climb on."
[Scene says: "The ladder lifts them up to a window and they giggle as they peer through."
Fat-bot says: "This is gonna be great!"
[Cut to says: "Sorority House."
[Cut to says: "Sexy blondes pillow fight in their slinky underwear, another takes her towel off and steps into the shower and another takes a haiband out of her hair and starts typing on a Mac."
[Cut to says: "The robots stare towards her chest then suddenly stare at the Mac."
Bender says: "Bingo!"
Fat-bot says: "Oh, mama!"
Gearshift wolf whistles. The Mac fizzles and suddenly goes off.
Bender says: "Get a load of that!"
He zooms in and his eyes start to push him away from the glass.
[Cut to says: "Mars University Campus."
[Cut to says: "The ladder tips back and it and the fratbots crash into a building."
[Cut to says: "Some guys wearing blue blazers and smoking pipes run out of Snooty House."
[Cut to says: "The first, Meiderneyer, has brown hair and the second one, Chet, is blonde."
Meiderneyer says: "I say, you've damaged our servants' quarters..."
Meiderneyer says: "and our servants."
Chet says: "This time Robot House has gone too far."
Bender says: "Cheese it!"
They run off, screaming.
Fat-bot says: "They're gonna catch us!"
[Scene says: "Financial Aid Dorm: Fry's Room."
[Scene says: "Fry looks around his new abode."
Fry says: "Hey, pretty nice for a single."
Fry says: "Two desks, two chairs, a couple of beds."
Fry says: "A woodpecker."
Leela says: "I think that's probably your roommate."
Fry says: "Oh, right, cool."
Fry says: "What the--?"
Monkey says: "I call top bunk!"
It climbs over Fry onto the top bunk. Fry spits and the monkey sighs.
Time Lapse. The monkey hums as it empties it's case. It takes out a toothbrush and toothpaste, a hairbrush and a hairdryer.
Fry says: "My roommate's a monkey?"
Monkey says: "Brilliant deduction, you're a credit to your species."
Enter Farnsworth pushing the empty crate.
Farnsworth says: "Ah, Fry, I see you've met Guenter!"
Fry says: "You know each other?"
Farnsworth says: "Guenter is my experiment."
Farnsworth says: "He was the top secret contents of this stinking crate."
He lowers the crate and pats it.
Guenter says: "I'd rather live in a crate than share a room with this dork."
Leela says: "So what makes Guenter talk?"
Fry says: "Is he genetically engineered?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, please!"
Farnsworth says: "That's preposterous science-fiction mumbo-jumbo."
Farnsworth says: "Guenter's intelligence actually lies in his electronium hat which harnesses the power of sunspots to produce cognitive radiation."
Fry scratches his head in confusion. Guenter scoffs.
Guenter says: "You're wasting your breath, Professor."
Guenter says: "He'll never understand a word of it."
Fry says: "I understood the word "hat"!"
He reaches for the hat and Guenter leaps back.
Farnsworth says: "Please, stop bickering."
Farnsworth says: "I arranged that you be roommates for a reason: So I'd only have to remember one phone number."
Farnsworth says: "Now shake hands and make up."
They reluctantly do. Fry holds up a banana.
Fry says: "You want a banana?"
Guenter says: "I don't eat bananas."
Guenter says: "I prefer banana-flavoured energy bars made from tofu."
Fry narrows his eyes.
Fry says: "I don't like you."
[Scene says: "Mars University: 20th Century History Lecture Hall."
[Scene says: "The teacher scrawls "20th Century History" on the blackboard with a piece of chalk and presses a button which converts it to clean text."
[Scene says: "Guenter is sat to the left of Fry and Amy two seats left."
[Scene says: "Fry chuckles."
Fry says: "This is gonna be a cakewalk!"
Teacher says: "Welcome to the history of the 20th century."
Teacher says: "Look to your left, then to your right."
Teacher says: "Then in nine other directions."
Teacher says: "One of the 12 of you will not pass this class."
Amy says: "Boring."
Amy says: "Let's hear about Walter Mondale already!"
Teacher says: "Be forewarned: The only sure way to get an A in this class is to have lived in the 20th century."
Fry says: "Swish!"
He swishes his hands. The teacher presses a button in front of him marked "Fry" and Fry gets electrocuted.
Teacher says: "You were saying, Mr."
Teacher says: "Fry?"
Fry says: "I'm from the 20th century."
Fry says: "Go ahead, ask me anything."
Teacher says: "Very well."
Teacher says: "What device invented in the 20th century allowed people to view broadcast programmes in their own homes?"
Fry says: "Ooh..."
Fry says: "I know this..."
Fry says: "whatyya call it?"
Fry says: "Lite Brite!"
The teacher electrocutes him again. Guenter laughs and points his pencil in the air.
Guenter says: "I believe the answer is the television."
Teacher says: "Very good, Mr."
Teacher says: "..."
Teacher says: "..."
Teacher says: "Guenter."
Amy says: "Wow!"
Amy says: "Smart and cute!"
She ruffles Guenter's fur. Guenter smiles cockily at Fry.
[Scene says: "Mars University: Mentholyptus Hall."
[Scene says: "Dean Vernon sits in his office at his desk carefully adjusting parts of a model spaceship with old-fashioned sails."
[Scene says: "He is a middle-aged man and wears a brown suit and black thick-rimmed glasses."
Vernon says: "What I love about being dean of students is the peace and quiet and the respect I receive."
Vernon says: "Now what's all this about?"
He puts it on speaker-phone.
Woman says: "Dean Vernon, the students from Robot House are here."
Vernon takes off his glasses.
Vernon says: "Robot House!"
Enter Bender and the other fratbots.
Bender says: "Hey, dean, nice looking model."
Vernon quickly pulls it back from the edge of the desk.
Vernon says: "You keep away from it."
Vernon says: "You robots are a disgrace to this university."
Vernon says: "Whenever a fire alarm is pulled, it's Robot House."
Vernon says: "Whenever the campus liquor store is looted, Robot House."
Bender says: "Now, I can explain that."
Vernon says: "That's enough out of you."
Vernon says: "From this day forth, Robot House is on dodecatupple-secret probation!"
The robots gasp.
Bender says: "No fair!"
Fat-bot says: "My mom is gonna kill me!"
Vernon puts his glasses back on.
Vernon says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to the one thing that's kept me sane these past eight years: My model ship."
He looks down. The ship isn't on his desk. His jaw drops when he sees Fat-bot eating it.
Gearshift says: "Fat-bot!"
Gearshift says: "No!"
Fat-bot says: "When I get nervous I get hungry."
Vernon grits his teeth.
Bender says: "Cheese it!"
[Cut to says: "Mars University: Outside Mentholyptus Hall."
[Cut to says: "The robots burst through the doors, run down the steps and away."
Vernon says: "Robot House!"
[Scene says: "Cafe."
[Scene says: "Fry sits with a brown-haired girl wearing an orange MU top and reading an English 101 book."
[Scene says: "Fry has a tray in front of him with a burger, two bananas and some crackers on it."
Fry says: "So, Chrissy, we seem to be hitting it off."
Fry says: "If you're not doing anything later might I escort you to a kegger?"
Chrissy says: "Not even if you were the last man on Mars."
She slams the book shut, gets up and leaves. Fry watches.
[Cut to says: "Outside Cafe."
[Cut to says: "Fry watches Chrissy through the window as she writes something on a piece of paper and hands it to Guenter."
[Cut to says: "She giggles, chews her pencil bashfully and leaves."
[Cut to says: "Fry watches her, dumbstruck."
[Cut to says: "Guenter raps on the window and gets Fry's attention."
Guenter says: "Hey!"
Guenter says: "You like bananas?"
[Cut to says: "Cafe."
[Cut to says: "Guenter slaps the piece of paper onto the window."
Guenter says: "I got her number."
Guenter says: "How do you like them bananas?"
He walks off and Fry growls.
[Scene says: "Mars University: Mathematics of Quantum Neutrino Fields Lecture Hall."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth has drawn a diagram and some algebra on the blackboard under the heading "Today's Lesson: WD or 'Witten's Dog'"."
Farnsworth says: "And therefore, by process of elimination, the electron must taste like grapeade."
He turns around to his class ... who aren't there. The door opens and Fry walks in.
Fry says: "Sorry, I overslept."
Farnsworth says: "Until 5pm?"
Fry says: "It's that obnoxious monkey."
Fry says: "He kept me up all night with his constant thinking."
Fry says: "Just thinking and thinking."
Fry says: "He's trying to make me look like an idiot."
Farnsworth says: "Don't be jealous."
Farnsworth says: "Without his special hat, Guenter might be no more intelligent than you."
Fry sighs.
Fry says: "I hate that rodent!"
Farnsworth says: "Fry, that monkey is my most important experiment."
Farnsworth says: "If you two don't stop fighting I'll have you both neutered."
Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "That'll show him."
[Scene says: "Mars University Parent's Reception."
[Scene says: "A string quartet plays in the corner of the room near a portrait of Vernon holding his model ship."
[Scene says: "The room is well-decorated, with bookshelves lined with old books, chandeliers and large armchairs."
[Scene says: "Guests include the boys from Snooty House and the fratbots."
[Scene says: "Amy is wearing a long white dress and introduces her parents to Vernon."
Amy says: "Dean Vernon, I'd like you to meet my parents, Leo and Inez."
Vernon says: "Ah, Mr."
Vernon says: "and Mrs."
Vernon says: "Wong, I'm so glad we could admit Amy in exchange for your generous contribution."
Mr. Wong says: "How much more for Phi Beta Kappa?"
Vernon says: "How much you got?"
Fry scoops up some hors d'evours from the buffet and shovels them in his mouth. Guenter sidles up beside him.
Guenter says: "Sorry I'm late, I was off at a study session..."
Guenter says: "with Chrissy!"
Fry carries on chewing and narrows his eyes at Guenter.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I'm glad you made it, Guenter because in honour of parents weekend I have a special surprise for you."
He pulls a purple sheet off a cage. There are two monkeys inside.
Guenter says: "This is so humiliating."
Fry throws some bananas into the cage.
Fry says: "Now these monkeys I like!"
Fry says: "What's that?"
Fry says: "You wanna come out?"
He unlocks the cage.
Guenter says: "No!"
Guenter says: "Stop!"
The cage door falls open and the monkeys run out. One jumps into the punch bowl and splashes around and another jumps onto a snooty boy and knocks him over. The other guests run away.
Chet says: "I say."
Fry, Leela and Farnsworth duck.
Farnsworth says: "What's that they're flinging at us?"
Guenter says: "Oh, dear Lord!"
Guenter says: "All over the dean!"
He covers his face.
Fry says: "Hey, uh, Guenter?"
Fry says: "Why don't you get up on the chandelier with your parents and I'll take a picture?"
Guenter's parents swing around on the chandelier. He groans and runs out.
Bender says: "Well, looks like the party's winding down."
Bender says: "Let's take a road trip to Tijuana and get Fat-bot some action."
Oily and Gearshift high-five.
Fat-bot says: "It's my first time, I'm really nervous."
He eats the portrait of Vernon. Vernon wipes his face and sees.
Vernon says: "Robot House!"
[Scene says: "Financial Aid Dorm Corridor."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela stand outside Fry's and Guenter's room."
Leela says: "What you did to Guenter was cruel."
Leela says: "At the risk of sounding like an after-school special, I think we learned who the real animal was today."
Fry says: "You mean peer pressure?"
[Cut to says: "Financial Aid Dorm: Fry's and Guenter's Room."
[Cut to says: "Fry opens the door."
[Cut to says: "The room is dark and Guenter's shadow is cast onto the wall."
[Cut to says: "He is holding something and points it at Fry and Leela."
[Cut to says: "Fry gasps and hides behind Leela."
Fry says: "Look out!"
Fry says: "He's got a gun!"
Leela turns the light on. Guenter is sat in the corner of the room surrounded by banana skins. The thing he is holding is another banana.
Guenter says: "Leave me alone."
Leela says: "Hey, what's going on?"
Leela says: "I thought you didn't like bananas."
Guenter says: "Of course I do."
Guenter says: "I try so hard to fit in but seeing my parents act like that made me realise I'm just a primitive beast."
He sobs.
Fry says: "Hey, hey, cheer up."
Fry says: "Not everyone turns out like their parents."
Fry says: "I mean, look at me."
Fry says: "My folks were honest, hard-working people."
He snorts.
Leela says: "Besides, Guenter, you're not like other monkeys."
Leela says: "You've got the hat."
Guenter says: "So what?"
Guenter says: "I mean, sure, it looks cool and it makes me smart but it doesn't make me happy."
He sobs some more.
Leela says: "That's so sad."
Leela says: "I didn't even know monkeys could cry."
Guenter says: "They can't."
Guenter says: "It's all the hat."
And some more. Fry puts his hand on his shoulder.
Fry says: "Look, Guenter, if you're so miserable here, maybe you should just go back to the jungle."
Guenter says: "The jungle."
Guenter says: "But I couldn't do that to the Professor."
Guenter says: "I'm his prize experiment, and he's like a father to me."
Leela says: "But he's not your father."
Leela says: "That guy in the punch bowl was your father."
Fry spits out a mouthful of punch.
[Scene says: "Mars University: 20th Century History Lecture Hall."
[Scene says: ""Test Today" flashes on the board and Guenter scribbles away, hard at work."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth stands at the front with the teacher."
Farnsworth says: "Look at him."
Farnsworth says: "I'm so proud."
Fry says: "Thanks, Professor!"
Farnsworth says: "Not you."
He presses the electrocution button and Fry screams.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Guenter looks up from his paper and sighs. He has drawn bananas all over his paper. Fry leans over and takes a peek at Guenter's paper and scribbles a crude banana on his paper. He chuckles. Guenter stares out of the window at the jungle. He shakes his head and tries to concentrate. Farnsworth watches him and smiles. Guenter looks back and forth through the window and at Farnsworth, starts hyperventilating and finally cracks. He snaps his pencil and screams. He throws off his hat, makes monkey noises and jumps through a window.
Student says: "Hey!"
Guenter runs off the campus and into the jungle and Farnsworth hangs his head.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I always feared he might run off like this."
Farnsworth says: "Why?"
Farnsworth says: "Why?"
Farnsworth says: "Why didn't I break his legs?"
[Scene says: "Financial Aid Dorm: Fry's and Guenter's Room."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth stares at a photo of him and Guenter on a log flume ride."
[Scene says: "He strokes the picture."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, poor Guenter."
Leela says: "So he just ran away in the middle of the exam?"
Farnsworth sniffs.
Farnsworth says: "I'm afraid so."
Farnsworth says: "All he handed in was a paper smeared with faeces."
Farnsworth says: "He tied with Fry."
Fry says: "I guess he realised I was right when I told him to go back to the jungle."
Farnsworth says: "You what?"
Farnsworth says: "After I spent months slaving over a hot monkey brain?"
Fry says: "Hey, don't blame me."
Fry says: "You tried to force Guenter to be a human but he's an animal."
Fry says: "He belongs in the wild."
Fry says: "Or in the circus on one of those tiny tricycles."
Fry says: "Now that's entertainment!"
Farnsworth says: "But Guenter's obviously better off being intelligent."
Farnsworth says: "Tell him, Leela."
Leela says: "Nuh-uh, I'm staying out of this."
Leela says: "Now here's my opinion: What we should do is..."
She leans in and whispers something to them.
Farnsworth says: "What?"
Leela says: "I said we'll go to the jungle and let Guenter decide once and for all."
Farnsworth says: "What?"
[Scene says: "Mars Surface."
[Scene says: "There is a Big Fraternity Raft Regatta and crowds have turned out to watch."
[Scene says: "The fratbots pull their dilapidated raft into the river alongside other frats."
Vernon says: "You all know the rules."
Vernon says: "Whichever house wins the regatta becomes head of the Greek Council."
Vernon says: "And should that house currently be on any type of multiple secret probation, it will be lifted and I will be forced to serve as Grand Marshal of a parade honouring them."
The SS Von Snoot pulls up alongside Bender's raft.
Chet says: "I say, Robot House, your water craft is as ill-designed as you yourselves."
Meiderneyer says: "Good one, Chet!"
They laugh, chink their glasses and gulp down their champagne.
Bender says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bender says: "Watch this!"
He rips the top of a keg off, downs the whole thing and belches a huge flame. He crushes the keg against his head and the Snootys stare.
Chet says: "Well, I never!"
Vernon says: "Fraternities, on your marks."
He fires the starting gun at the fratbots' boat and it starts to deflate. The SS Von Snoot sails off.
Bender says: "Hey!"
[Scene says: "Mars Jungle."
[Scene says: "Leela cuts through some thicket and Farnsworth and Fry follow."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "The jungles on Mars look just like the jungles on Earth."
Farnsworth says: "Jungles?"
Farnsworth says: "On Earth?"
He laughs. Leela points up a tree.
Leela says: "I see some movement up there."
Leela says: "I think it's him."
Farnsworth says: "Stand back."
He pulls a pin from a grenade and throws it into the bushes. It explodes and a purple gas envelopes the tree. Three toucans, two parrots, a frog, a lizard, a snake and tiger fall out of it flat on their backs.
Leela says: "Oops."
Farnsworth says: "Don't worry."
Farnsworth says: "They'll be fine once the tranquiliser wears off."
They walk on and don't notice a huge elephant fall from the tree and flatten the other creatures.
Time Lapse. The trio peer through some leaves.
Fry says: "There's our man!"
They watch Guenter sitting on a rock looking at his reflection in a river.
Leela says: "Professor, you'll offer Guenter the hat and, Fry, you'll offer him the banana."
Leela says: "We'll let him choose whether he wants to be intelligent or just a mindless animal."
Fry chombles on the banana. Leela gives him a stern look and hands him a new one. Guenter scratches himself and sees them.
Farnsworth says: "Come on, Guenter, take the hat."
Fry says: "No, the banana, the banana!"
Fry says: "Banana, banana, banana!"
Leela says: "Wait, what's that sound?"
They hear a motorboat get closer and closer. It's the fratbots. Bender water-skis behind the repaired raft.
Gearshift says: "Hey, Bender, you sure this is a short-cut?"
Bender says: "Not as sure as I was an hour ago!"
The raft zooms past Leela, Fry and Farnsworth and Bender's water-skis create a wave that washes over the them and drags them into the river. The current catches them and they scream. Downriver, the fratbots come to a huge waterfall. They scream and go over the edge. They hit some rocks at the bottom and disappear underwater. The SS Von Snoot sails past towards the finish line.
Vernon says: "And the winner is..."
Vernon says: "..."
Vernon says: "Robot House?"
The Snooty boys suddenly fall out of their boat. Leela, Fry and Farnsworth are still heading for the waterfall. They grab onto a log.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, dear Lord!"
Leela says: "No!"
Leela says: "No!"
The log wedges itself behind a rock in the middle of the river and they stop floating towards the waterfall. They breathe a sigh of relief.
Farnsworth says: "Thank God this log is sturdy."
Farnsworth says: "Stupid monkey."
Guenter puts the hat on his knee.
Fry says: "No."
Leela says: "Not there."
Farnsworth says: "Keep trying."
He puts it on his butt and Fry chuckles. Finally he puts it on his head.
Guenter says: "Eureka!"
Guenter says: "The hat goes on the head."
Guenter says: "It's all so obvious now!"
The log starts to move.
Leela says: "Help us, Guenter!"
Guenter says: "Oh, my goodness."
Guenter says: "Grab on!"
They do and Guenter tumbles over the edge, pulling them upwards. The vine ties itself around them and a branch.
Farnsworth says: "We're saved!"
Fry says: "'Preciate it, Guenter!"
Guenter holds onto the vine as he dangles halfway down the waterfall. The vine starts to break and he whimpers.
Leela says: "Oh, no!"
Leela says: "Hurry, Guenter, climb up the vine."
Leela says: "You can still save yourself."
Guenter says: "Why bother?"
Guenter says: "I've got nothing to live for."
Guenter says: "I was miserable as a genius, and as a monkey, I was so dumb I tried to wear a hat on my butt."
The vine snaps and he screams as he plummets towards the bottom. Farnsworth, Fry and Leela watch him. He hits the water below.
Farnsworth says: "Oh, that poor, sweet monkey."
Farnsworth says: "Well, let's go gather him up."
Farnsworth says: "There's no sense letting him go to waste."
He licks his lips.
Time Lapse. They reach the foot of the waterfall and find Guenter still alive. His hat is bashed though.
Fry says: "Guenter!"
Fry says: "You're alive!"
Guenter says: "I guess the hat must have broke my fall."
Farnsworth opens up the hat.
Farnsworth says: "It seems to be working at only half-capacity, but I can fix it."
Guenter says: "No, wait!"
Guenter says: "I like it like this."
Guenter says: "I actually feel sort of happy."
Farnsworth says: "But what about your super-intelligence?"
Guenter says: "When I had that there was too much pressure to use it."
Guenter says: "All I want out of life is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit."
Guenter says: "That's why I've decided to transfer to business school!"
Farnsworth says: "Nooo!"
[Scene says: "Mars University Campus."
[Scene says: "Dean Vernon keeps his word and reluctantly heads the parade honouring the robots of ERR."
[Scene says: "Fat-bot stands at the front of the float and waves to everyone."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth and Amy are on the float as well."
[Scene says: "Guenter leaps on and Farnsworth pats him on the head."
Bender says: "Come on, everyone!"
Bender says: "Big party in Robot House!"
The students cheer and dance to Lloyd Williams' Shout. As they dance Animal House-esque subtitles appear under the main characters. "Fry Dropped Out Successfully And Returned To His Dead-End Delivery Job" appears under Fry; "Guenter Got His MBA And Became President Of The Fox Network" appears under Guenter; "Fat-bot Caught A Computer Virus In Tijuana And Had To Be Rebooted" under Fat-bot; "Leela Went On One Date With Dean Vernon, But He Never Called Again" under Leela and Vernon; "His Job Done, Bender Stole Everything Of Value From Robot House And Ran Off" under Bender.
Closing Credits.