[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Condemned By The Space Pope."
[Scene says: "Madison Cube Garden."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela and Bender sit waiting for a Beastie Boys gig to begin."
Fry says: "This is awesome!"
Fry says: "I've been waiting a thousand years to see a Beastie Boys show."
Bender says: "Can I get anybody a beer?"
Fry says: "Sure!"
Bender opens his chest cabinet and uses his antenna to pump some beer into a cup. He hands it to Fry and Fry takes a gulp.
Announcer says: "Ladies and gentlemen, here to lay down some old, old, incredibly old school beats: The Beastie Boys!"
Scruffy wheels the Beastie Boys' heads in jars onto the stage. The crowd cheers. Some guys in black suits grab the jars and dance around. The Beastie Boys perform Intergalactic.
You stick around,,.
I'll make it worth your while.
Got numbers beyond what you can dial,.
Maybe it's because I'm so versatile,.
Style profile I said,.
It always brings me back when I hear Wu Child...
Leela looks at her wrist machine.
Leela says: "Impressive."
Leela says: "They're busting mad rhymes with an 80% success rate."
Bender says: "I believe that qualifies as ill."
Bender says: "At least from a technical standpoint."
Fry is standing away from them.
Fry says: "Will you guys shut up!"
Fry says: "I'm trying to look cool."
He attempts to dance.
Beastie Boys says: "..."
Tammy D gettin' biz on the crop,.
Beastie Boys know to let the beat...
Mike says: "Drop!"
Mike says: "Don't forget to pick up a T-shirt!"
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "An old-fashioned mosh pit!"
Fry says: "Come on, guys."
Fry says: "Tonight we're gonna party like its 1999..."
Fry says: "again."
The Beastie Boys perform Super Disco Breakin.
I move the crowd to the break of break of dawn...
Fry and Bender get into the mosh pit. Leela gets bumped around.
Leela says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Hey, watch it!"
She elbows someone in the face, kicks someone else, punches someone else the does a full circle flying kick and knocks everyone around her over.
Time Lapse. The crowd are back in their seats.
Fry says: "Man, these guys rock harder than ever!"
The Beastie Boys sing Sabotage a cappella.
Mike says: "Oh, my..."
MCA says: "It's a mirage..."
Ad-Rock says: "Tellin' you all it's a..."
Beastie Boys says: "Sabotage!"
Ad-Rock says: "Sabotage, yeah!"
Mike says: "Peace, we out!"
The crowd cheers and the Beastie Boys are wheeled out. Fry cheers. A Fender amplifier recognises Bender.
Fender says: "Hey, Bender!"
Bender says: "Hey, Fender!"
Bender says: "Man, I haven't seen you since high school."
Bender says: "You still workin' at Jack In The Box?"
Fender says: "Not anymore, baby."
Fender says: "I'm with the band!"
[Scene says: "Backstage."
[Scene says: "The Beastie Boys get head massages."
Mike says: "Aw!"
Mike says: "Oh, yeah!"
Enter Fender, Bender, Fry and Leela.
Fender says: "Hey, fellas, hey."
Fender says: "I want you to meet my friends, Bender, Fry and Leela."
Ad-Rock says: "Y'know, we're really not that interested in meeting them."
Fry says: "Wow!"
Fry says: "I love you guys!"
Fry says: "Back in the 20th century, I had all five of your albums."
Ad-Rock says: "That was a thousand years ago."
Ad-Rock says: "Now we got seven."
Fry says: "Cool!"
Fry says: "Can I borrow the new ones?"
Fry says: "And a couple of blank tapes?"
Fender turns his volume down and turns to Bender.
Fender says: "Hey, Bender, why don't we ditch these organ sacks and hit the real party?"
Bender says: "Count me in!"
Bender says: "I'm gonna drink till I reboot!"
[Scene says: "Room."
[Scene says: "Fender presses a button, a door slides open and in the room are three robots hooked up to a machine which discharges electricity."
[Scene says: "It shocks them and they groan."
Bender says: "Hey, what kinda party is this?"
Bender says: "There's no booze and only one hooker."
Fender says: "Don't be a drag, man."
Fender says: "We're jacking on!"
Fender says: "Wanna jolt?"
Bender says: "Uh, hey, I'm no square but isn't that counter-indicated by my operations manual?"
The other robots laugh.
Robot says: "Counter indicated!"
Fender says: "Come on, Bender, grab a jack."
Fender says: "I told these guys you were cool."
Bender says: "Well, if jacking on'll make strangers think I'm cool, I'll do it!"
He takes the plug and sticks it in his head. He goes crazy and starts to hallucinate. Sitar music plays. He falls onto a circuit board. Then he flies around a molecule and eats the electrons. He eats the proton and starts giggling. He dances with an electric eel. Fender takes the plug out.
Fender says: "Easy, baby."
Fender says: "You don't wanna get hooked on this stuff."
Bender says: "Eh, no need to worry."
Bender says: "I don't have an addictive personality."
He smokes a cigar, gulps down some beer and jacks on again.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender walk around a slum."
[Scene says: "Hobos sleep in the travel tubes and windows are boarded up."
[Scene says: "Bender wears shades."
Fry says: "Hey, uh, Bender?"
Fry says: "What are we doing in this bad neighbourhood?"
Bender says: "Shut up, square!"
Bender says: "I'll just be a minute!"
Fry leans against a lamppost and whistles.
Time Lapse. Three hours later Bender comes out. He groans and can't walk properly. He falls over, rolls off the pavement and lands face down in the gutter. A Preacherbot rolls by and sees him.
Preacherbot says: "Wretched sinner unit!"
Preacherbot says: "The path to robot heaven lies here..."
Preacherbot says: "..."
Preacherbot says: "in The Good Book 3."
Preacherbot says: "0."
Bender says: "Hey!"
Bender says: "Do I preach to you when you're lying stoned in the gutter?"
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "So beat it!"
The Preacherbot tuts and leaves.
Fry says: "Who was that guy?"
Bender says: "Your mama!"
Bender says: "Now shut up and drag me to work!"
Fry drags Bender by his legs.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes addresses the staff with a chart."
Hermes says: "Our electric bill's climbing faster than a green snake up a sugar cane."
Hermes says: "Obviously someone round been wastin' a whole heap a juice!"
Hermes says: "Probably you!"
He points at Zoidberg.
Zoidberg says: "Me?"
Enter Fry and Bender.
Amy says: "Good morning, Bender."
Bender says: "None of your business!"
Bender says: "Get off my back!"
He runs into the restroom.
Amy says: "What's his problem?"
Leela says: "If I didn't know better I'd almost think he was abusing electricity."
Fry says: "Bender?"
Fry says: "No way!"
Fry says: "I definitely would've noticed something."
Leela gets up and knocks on the restroom door.
Leela says: "Bender, why are you spending so much time in the bathroom?"
Leela says: "Are you jacking on in there?"
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Don't come in!"
Enter Farnsworth with a box.
Farnsworth says: "Good news, everyone!"
Farnsworth says: "Today you'll be delivering a crate of subpoenas to Sicily 8, the Mob Planet!"
Bender returns.
Bender says: "Alright, let's get to work!"
Bender says: "I'll be out in a second."
He runs back into the bathroom.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The crew have made the delivery and are returning to Earth."
Fry says: "I know Big Vinnie said he was giving me the kiss of death but I still think he was gay."
Leela says: "Did he use his tongue?"
Fry says: "A little."
Fry says: "You OK, Bender?"
Bender says: "None of your business!"
Bender says: "Get off my back!"
Leela says: "Uh-oh."
Leela says: "There seems to be some sort of electrical disturbance in the Coalsack Nebula."
Bender says: "A what kind of disturbance?"
Leela says: "Electrical."
Leela says: "Anyway, it's going to take some careful piloting to avoid it."
Bender sneaks out of the cockpit.
[Cut to says: "Outside Ship."
[Cut to says: "Bender opens the door and steps out."
[Cut to says: "He edges his way around to the engines and pushes them so the ship flies straight towards the nebula."
[Cut to says: "He laughs insanely."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela struggles with the controls."
Leela says: "We're out of control."
Leela says: "We're heading straight into the electric field!"
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Fry says: "I-I feel weird!"
The electricity has given him an afro.
[Cut to says: "Outside Ship."
[Cut to says: "Bender stands on top of it in front of the gun turret, waving his arms."
Bender says: "Come on, universe, you big, mostly empty wuss!"
Bender says: "Gimmie all the juice you got!"
Bender says: "Oh, mama!"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender sits atop the ship, melted to it."
[Scene says: "Amy drills him off with a jackhammer."
[Scene says: "He slides down the front of the ship and lands on the floor."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth, Leela and Hermes stare at him."
[Scene says: "Bender looks up at them."
Bender says: "What?"
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Bender has been repaired and a crate of spare robot legs and thighs is next to the table."
Leela says: "Bender, we didn't mind your drinking, or your kleptomania, or your pornography ring."
Zoidberg says: "In fact, that's why we loved you."
Leela says: "But this electricity abuse crossed the line."
Leela says: "You almost killed us."
Fry says: "And you made me feel like a jerk for trusting you."
Fry says: "Just like when my friend Richie swore he wasn't taking drugs and then he sold me my mom's VCR and then later I found out he was taking drugs."
Fry says: "You make me ashamed to be your friend."
Bender sighs.
Bender says: "You're right."
Bender says: "I'm a lost cause."
He walks out.
[Scene says: "New New York City Street."
[Scene says: "Bender passes Sparky's Den."
[Scene says: "He hears an organ play behind him and looks across the street to the Temple of Robotology."
Bender says: "Maybe there's another way."
[Cut to says: "Temple of Robotology Roof."
[Cut to says: "Bender plugs himself into the neon sign and jacks on."
Bender says: "Oh, yeah, that's the good stuff."
Bender says: "What am I doing?"
Bender says: "What have I become?"
Bender says: "Huh?"
He looks down though the roof and sees a sermon.
[Cut to says: "Temple of Robotology."
Preacherbot says: "I see a lot of fancy robots here today, made of real shiny metal."
Preacherbot says: "But that don't impress the Robot Devil, no, sir!"
Vergerbot says: "No, sir!"
Preacherbot says: "'Cause if you're a sinner, he's gonna plug his infernal modem in the wall, belchin' smoke and flame."
Preacherbot says: "And he's gonna download you straight to Robot Hell!"
Vergerbot says: "Straight to hell!"
Preacherbot says: "So I ask you: Who will stand up and be saved?"
Preacherbot says: "Who?"
Preacherbot says: "Who?"
The glass roof gives way and Bender falls through and lands in front of Preacherbot.
Bender says: "Me."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Scene says: "Hermes addresses the crew."
Hermes says: "And as a further cost-cutting measure, I have eliminated the salt-water cooler."
Zoidberg says: "This is a witch hunt!"
Enter Bender wearing a bow tie.
Oh what a beautiful day!
Fry says: "Great!"
Fry says: "He's whacked out on electricity again."
Bender says: "No, I'm whacked out on life."
Bender says: "My friends, I found religion."
The crew stare, shocked.
Fry says: "Religion?"
Fry says: "Is this another scam to get free yarmulkes?"
Leela says: "Give him a break, Fry."
Leela says: "If this helps Bender clean up his act then I think we should be supportive."
Farnsworth says: "Yes."
Amy says: "Oh, yeah."
Hermes says: "Oh, yes!"
Zoidberg says: "Oh, yeah."
Bender says: "Wonderful."
Bender says: "Then you'll all come to my exceedingly long, un-air-conditioned baptism ceremony!"
The staff murmur.
[Scene says: "Temple of Robotology."
Preacherbot says: "We are gathered here today to deliver brother Bender from the cold, steel grip of the Robot Devil unto the cold, steel bosom of our congregation."
Robot #2 says: "Tell it, Preacher!"
Robot #3 says: "That equals true."
Preacherbot says: "Brother Bender, do you accept the principles of Robotology on pain of eternal damnation in Robot Hell?"
Bender says: "Yes, I do."
Preacherbot says: "Then I will now baptise you."
Preacherbot says: "Press any key to continue."
Bender presses a button and he is lifted and baptised in a barrel of High Viscosity Baptismal Oil. Preacherbot welds the symbol of Robotology, a resistor symbol, to Bender's chest.
Bender says: "Uh, while you're at it, could you touch up this seam?"
He raises his arm. Preacherbot welds the seam. Bender giggles.
[Scene says: "Elzar's Fine Cuisine."
[Scene says: "The crew are dressed up."
Leela says: "This is unbelievable."
Leela says: "The old Bender never would have taken us out to dinner."
Bender says: "The old Bender's gone."
Bender says: "He won't trouble you anymore."
Waiter says: "Would monsieur care to see the wine list?"
Bender shreds the wine list and hands it back to the waiter.
Bender says: "No poison for us, thanks."
Bender says: "I'll stick with good old mineral oil."
Bender says: "Ah!"
Bender says: "Functional!"
Time Lapse. The food arrives.
Hermes says: "Mon, I'm hungrier than a green snake in a sugar cane field!"
Bender says: "Friends!"
Bender says: "Friends!"
Bender says: "Surely you're not going to eat before we say Robot Grace?"
Bender says: "In the name of all that is good and logical we give thanks for the chemical energy we are about to absorb."
Bender says: "To quote the prophet Jerematic: 1000101010101..."
Time Lapse. The staff have given up praying and anxiously wait for Bender to finish.
Bender says: "..."
Bender says: "0010110012."
Bender says: "Amen."
Fry says: "Does that mean we can eat now?"
Bender says: "Yes."
Bender says: "But first, since I love you all so much, I'd like to give everyone hugs."
Bender says: "Come here, Fry!"
Fry says: "Oh, uh, but I don't want to."
Bender hugs Fry.
Bender says: "Mmm!"
Bender says: "Mmm!"
Bender says: "Fry, you're my friend!"
Bender says: "Come on, everyone line up for a hug."
Bender says: "Let's tear down some emotional walls."
The others edge their seats away.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "Bender sticks something to the ship."
Leela says: "What are you doing to my ship?"
Bender says: "Sanctifying it!"
Bender says: "There!"
Bender says: "That ought to convert a few tailgaters."
Fry says: "Bender's stupid religion is driving me nuts."
Leela says: "Amen."
Farnsworth says: "If only he had joined a mainstream religion like Oprah-ism or Voodoo."
Fry says: "We've got to get the old Bender back."
Leela says: "And I think I know a way to do it."
Leela says: "We have to reacquaint him with a little thing called "sleaze"."
[Scene says: "Atlantic City Street."
[Scene says: "The ship lands in a car park."
Time Lapse. The crew have taken Nibbler with them and they walk down the street.
Bender says: "I can't believe somebody hired an interstellar spaceship to deliver a package to Atlantic City."
Bender says: "What are we delivering anyway?"
Fry says: "Uh, this."
He pulls some mints out of his pocket.
Bender says: "Where are we delivering it to?"
Leela says: "Uh, here."
She takes the mints and puts them in a mailbox.
Bender says: "Another job well done."
Bender says: "Now back to the office for an enjoyable evening of fasting and repentance."
Fry says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, Bender."
Fry says: "So long as we're here why don't we take in some exotic dancing?"
Leela says: "Hey, great idea!"
Bender turns around. He is standing outside a club called "Power Strip". He gasps.
Bender says: "But..."
Bender says: "those girls don't wear cases."
Bender says: "You can see their bare circuits."
Fry says: "Come on, it'll be fun!"
Fry says: "Maybe we could even drink a little fortified wine."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "Drinking wine is a sin."
Bender says: "Even if it is deliciously fortified."
Leela says: "Hey, Bender, look at that woman's purse."
Leela says: "It's hanging by a spaghetti strand."
Bender zooms in but pushes his eyes back in again.
Bender says: "Thou shalt not snatch."
Fry says: "And there's Hookerbot 5000."
Fry says: "She's got a heart of solid gold!"
Hookerbot says: "Hey, sailing unit!"
Bender says: "Stop tempting me!"
Bender says: "For once in my life I have inner peace."
Fry says: "Pfft!"
Fry says: "That's for losers."
Fry says: "C'mon, sin your heart out."
Leela says: "Go nuts."
Hookerbot says: "Live a little."
Woman says: "Could you hold my purse for a minute?"
Fry says: "Go for it, Bender."
Fry says: "You know you wanna!"
Bender says: "Well..."
[Scene says: "Power Strip."
[Scene says: "Bender dances with the Stripperbots and laughs."
Bender says: "I'm the greatest."
Bender says: "Woo-hoo!"
Fry says: "Look's like we got the old Bender back!"
Bender says: "You know it, pork pie!"
Bender says: "Except for one thing."
He rips the Robotology symbol off his chest and throws it over his shoulder. It sinks into a bowl of something and beeps and glows.
[Scene says: "Trump Trapezoid."
[Scene says: "Bender entertains three Fembots in the Jacuzzi of his hotel room."
Bender says: "Y'know, as a major Hollywood director, I'll be holding auditions tonight for my next movie."
Bender says: "And even though you're all young and naive, I think you might just have what it takes."
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "No!"
A pitchfork comes through the door and knocks him out.
[Scene says: "Robot Hell."
[Scene says: "Bender awakens face-to-face with a large red robot with a tail and horns."
Robot Devil says: "Greetings, Bender!"
Robot Devil says: "Welcome to Robot Hell."
Bender screams.
[Scene says: "Trump Trapezoid."
[Scene says: "The next day, Fry and Leela stand in Bender's room."
[Scene says: "There are scorch marks where Bender fell and he has been dragged out of the room."
Leela says: "What in hell happened to Bender?"
Fry says: "Well he didn't check out."
Fry says: "The ashtray's still here."
Fry says: "Look, Nibbler's caught the scent of vodka and motor oil!"
Fry says: "Go, boy."
Fry says: "Follow that stench."
They run out of the room.
[Scene says: "Robot Hell Tunnel."
[Scene says: "Bender is chained to a cart and the Robot Devil stands behind him with a whip."
[Scene says: "The cart rolls down a track."
Bender says: "I'm hallucinating this, right?"
The Robot Devil whips him.
Robot Devil says: "No, Bender."
Robot Devil says: "Robot Hell is quite real."
Robot Devil says: "Here's our brochure."
He hands Bender a brochure entitled Hell Is Other Robots.
Bender says: "But I don't belong here."
Bender says: "I don't like things that are scary and painful."
Robot Devil says: "Sorry, Bender, you agreed to this when you joined our religion."
Robot Devil says: "If you sin you go to Robot Hell, for all eternity."
Bender says: "Aw, hell-- I mean "heck"!"
Robot Devil says: "It's alright, you can say that here."
[Scene says: "Outside Reckless Ted's Funland."
[Scene says: "Fry and Leela look up at the sign."
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "I remember this place."
Fry says: "They shut it down after all those people caught salmonella from the flume ride."
Nibbler leads Fry and Leela to a ride called The Inferno.
[Cut to says: "The Inferno."
[Cut to says: "They open the door and look around."
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "Look!"
Leela says: "It's the symbol of Bender's old religion."
Fry presses the symbol and the crazy mirror beside it slides upwards. Behind it is Robot Hell.
Fry says: "Unbelievable."
Fry says: "It's an actual, factual Robot Hell."
Leela says: "Who would've thought hell would really exist?"
Leela says: "And that it would be in New Jersey!"
A trap door opens beneath them and Nibbler watches them disappear down a twisting fun slide. They scream as they fall.
[Scene says: "Robot Hell: Level 1."
Robot Devil says: "We know all your sins, Bender."
Robot Devil says: "And for each one we've prepared an agonising and ironic punishment."
Robot Devil says: "Gentlemen?"
A band of Hellbots start to play.
Bender says: "Aw, crap, singing."
Bender says: "Mind if I smoke?"
He lights a cigar but the Robot Devil takes it from him and stubs it out on his chest. Two Hellbots throw him a hat and cane.
You won't miss 'em,.
We'll find ways to simulate that smell,.
What a sorry fella,.
Rolled up and smoked like a panatela,.
Here on level one of Robot Hell!
Bender falls through a trapdoor.
[Cut to says: "Robot Hell: Level 2."
[Cut to says: "He lands next to a card table."
[Cut to says: "He picks the cards up and takes one from his chest cabinet."
So is forging phoney IOU's,.
Let's let Lady Luck decide,.
What type of torture's justified,.
I'm pit boss here on level two!
He spins a wheel that Bender is strapped to. Luck decides to deep-fry Bender.
Robot Devil says: "Ooh!"
Robot Devil says: "Deep-fried robot!"
Bender says: "Just tell me why."
Robot Devil says: "Please read this 55-page warrant."
Bender says: "There must be robots worse than I."
Robot Devil says: "We've checked around, there really aren't."
My crimes were merely boy-ish pranks.
Robot Devil says: "You stole from boy scouts, nuns and banks!"
Blame my upbringing!
He steals the Robot Devil's wallet.
Robot Devil says: "Please stop sinning while I'm singing!"
He pulls Bender's arm off and kicks him through a hole.
[Cut to says: "Robot Hell: Level 5."
[Cut to says: "Bender lands in front of the Beastie Boys."
[Cut to says: "The Robot Devil picks Bender up by the leg and shakes him."
[Cut to says: "CDs fall out of his chest cabinet."
Musicians need that income to survive.
With your hard drive scratched by the Beastie Boys!
That's whatcha, whatcha, whatcha get on level five!
[Cut to says: "Robot Hell Slide."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela slide further down."
Fry says: "I don't feel well."
Leela says: "It's up to us to rescue him."
Fry says: "Maybe he likes it here in Hell."
Leela says: "It's us who tempted him to sin."
Fry says: "Maybe he's back at the motel."
I'm sure at least one of us will be spared,.
So just sit back, enjoy the ride.
Fry says: "My ass has blisters from the slide."
[Cut to says: "Elevator."
[Cut to says: "Bender and the Robot Devil plunge into Hell."
[Cut to says: "The Robot Devil takes stuff out of Bender's chest cabinet."
Fixing cockfights,.
Publishing indecent magazines,.
He kicks Bender out of the elevator.
Knee-deep in electric slime,.
You'll suffer till the end of time,.
Enduring torture's, most of which rhyme,.
Trapped forever here in Robot Hell!
The music ends and the show finishes with a fireworks display.
Robot Devil says: "Of course, that's just for starters."
Fry and Leela fall from the slide screaming and land behind the Robot Devil. They see him and gasp.
Fry says: "Bender, are you alright?"
Bender says: "No!"
Bender says: "Oh, they're tormenting me with up-tempo singing and dancing."
Leela says: "Alright, Beelzebot, what'll it take to get our friend back?"
Robot Devil says: "Sorry, but I hold all the cards here."
Robot Devil says: "There's nothing I can do."
Robot Devil says: "Now, if you'll just sign this fiddle contest waiver."
Fry takes the pen but Leela stops him.
Leela says: "Wait."
Leela says: "What fiddle contest?"
Robot Devil says: "The Fairness In Hell Act of 2275 requires me to inform you that if you can best me in a fiddle contest, you win back Bender's soul."
Robot Devil says: "As well as a solid gold fiddle."
Fry says: "Wouldn't a solid gold fiddle weigh hundreds of pounds and sound crummy?"
Robot Devil says: "Well it's mostly for show."
He picks up the fiddle and it glints in the light.
Leela says: "Do you know how to play the fiddle?"
Fry says: "No."
Fry says: "Do you?"
Leela says: "What happens if we lose?"
Robot Devil says: "You'll only win a smaller, silver fiddle."
Robot Devil says: "Also I guess I'll kill one of you, uh, him."
He points at Fry. Fry gulps.
Leela says: "We'll do it."
Robot Devil says: "Very well, then."
Robot Devil says: "Beat this."
He plays a tune and uses his tail as an extra arm.
Bender says: "Well, we're boned."
Robot Devil says: "Your turn."
Robot Devil says: "Ha!"
Leela says: "Time for the drum solo!"
She beats the Robot Devil over the head with the violin and he squeals like a little girl.
Fry says: "Run!"
They do. Hellbots and flying bugbots chase them. The bugbots shoot laser rings at them. Bender pulls a pair of wings off a bugbot and flies in and grabs Fry and Leela who are swarmed by a crowd of Hellbots with pitchforks. Bender ascends and heads for small hole in the roof.
Robot Devil says: "Stop them!"
Robot Devil says: "They cheated!"
A bugbot shoots three laser rings at the trio. Two miss but one catches on Bender's antenna, forming a halo. The Hallelujah chorus plays and they get closer to the hole. Hellbots pull chains to close the hole.
Leela says: "Hurry, Bender!"
Bender says: "I could if you'd drop the stupid gold violin!"
Leela says: "Oh, sorry."
She drops it. It hits Beezlebot on the head. He squeals and Fry, Leela and Bender escape through the hole.
[Cut to says: "Outside The Inferno."
[Cut to says: "They cheer."
Bender says: "Don't worry, guys, I'll never be too good or too evil again."
Bender says: "From now on, I'll just be me."
Leela says: "Uh, do you think you could be just little less evil than that."
Bender says: "I don't know."
Bender says: "Do you think you could survive a 700ft fall?"
Fry chuckles.
Fry says: "Good old Bender!"
Closing Credits. The Beastie Boys perform a remix of the theme over clips from the episode.
Beastie Boys says: "Yeah, yeah!"
Sending this one out, special dedication,.
To all my peoples in the robot homeworld,.
Yeah, yeah! Big up with the Professor,.
My man, Dr. Zoidberg,.
I'd like to shout out-- a personal shout out to Leela,.
Fry! My man, Bender,.
Nibber, Nibbler, in the house,.
Big shout out to all Futurama!