[Scene says: "A view of the WNYW television building in New York."
[Scene says: "The caption "Earth: 1999" appears on the bottom of the screen."
[Cut to says: "WNYW Corridor."
[Cut to says: "Fry hums as he walks through the corridor carrying a pizza box and a six pack of beer."
[Cut to says: "He opens a door marked "WNYW Control Room"."
[Cut to says: "Next to the door an "On Air" sign is lit up."
[Cut to says: "WNYW Control Room."
[Cut to says: "He walks through the door."
[Cut to says: "In the room is a technician surrounded by broadcasting equipment."
Fry says: "Pizza delivery!"
Fry says: "Wow, so this is a real TV station, huh?"
Technician says: "Well, it's a Fox affiliate."
Fry says: "What are you showing right now?"
The technician presses a button and a title appears on some screens.
Technician says: "Single Female Lawyer."
Technician says: "It's the season finale."
Technician says: "Wanna watch?"
Fry says: "Ah, I dunno."
Fry says: "That's a chick show."
Fry says: "I prefer programmes of the genre "world's blankiest blank"."
Technician says: "She is wearing the world's shortiest skirt."
Fry says: "I'm in!"
He sits down and the technician tosses him a can of Löbrau. On the screen is a judge and the single female lawyer, who bears an uncanny resemblance to Calista Flockhart. In fact the entire show is pretty much Ally McBeal.
Judge says: "Counselor, I remind you that it's unethical to sleep with your client."
Judge says: "If you really care about the outcome of the case, you should sleep with me."
Single Female Lawyer says: "Your Honour, it's bad enough to proposition a single female lawyer in court, but this is a unisex bathroom."
Judge says: "Overruled, counselor!"
He grabs her and they kiss. A cubicle door opens and a stenographer appears with a machine.
Stenographer says: "Could you repeat that last part?"
Fry yawns and stretches and knocks over a can of beer. The equipment fizzles, crackles and the screens turn to static.
Technician says: "Oh, my God!"
Technician says: "You've knocked Fox of the air!"
Fry says: "Pft!"
Fry says: "Like anyone on Earth cares."
[Scene says: "In a pullback sequence lifted from Contact the WNYW transmitter transmits the signal through the clouds, away from Earth, and out of the solar system to a planet called Omicron Persei 8 which intercepts the signal 1000 years later."
[Cut to says: "Omicronian Living Room."
[Cut to says: "Two huge green aliens, Lrrr and Nd-Nd, watch Single Female Lawyer on their small oval TV."
The picture cuts to static. Lrrr hits the TV with his fist.
Lrrr says: "This is an outrage!"
Lrrr says: "I demand to know what happened to the plucky lawyer and her compellingly short garment."
The static on the TV changes to the Fox logo.
Announcer says: "Due to technical difficulties, we now bring you eight animated shows in a row."
Lrrr growls and vaporises the TV with a laser.
[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Proudly Made On Earth."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Fry and Bender lie back on the couch."
[Scene says: "Fry holds a can of Slurm and Bender holds a can of beer."
[Scene says: "Enter Hermes."
Hermes says: "What in the name of Bob Marley's ghost?"
Hermes says: "Get to work, you lazy boat bag!"
He rolls up the paper and hits Bender with it.
Bender says: "Ow!"
Fry chuckles. Hermes hits him.
Fry says: "Ow!"
Fry says: "Hey, quit it, Hermes."
Fry says: "It's Labor Day."
Hermes says: "Labor Day?"
Hermes says: "That phoney-baloney holiday crammed down our throats by fat-cat union gangsters?"
Fry says: "That's the one."
Hermes says: "Hot damn, a day off!"
He takes off his jacket and shirt and sits between Fry and Bender. Bender hands him a beer. The rest of the staff walk in wearing and carrying various things. Zoidberg wears an old-fashioned green striped swimsuit and a lobster rubber ring around his waist; Amy wears a pink bikini and carries a fold-up chair; Leela wears her green swimsuit with the hole around the navel and carries a picnic bag; Farnsworth carries a red parasol and wears 3/4-length shorts, though he still wears his lab coat and slippers.
Leela says: "Who's up for one last summer beach trip?"
Bender and Hermes leap up.
Bender says: "Aw, yeah!"
Hermes says: "Ready, Freddy!"
He unzips his trousers and they fall around his ankles revealing his swimming trunks underneath. Fry stays on the couch.
Fry says: "Eh, I think I'll just stay here."
Leela says: "Fry, you're wasting your life sitting in front of that TV."
Leela says: "You need to get out and see the real world."
She walks between him and the TV. Fry peers around her.
Fry says: "But this is HDTV."
Fry says: "It's got better resolution than the real world!"
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Everyone's too polite to say anything but you're covered with bed sores."
Fry says: "Not covered!"
Leela says: "Just get in the car."
[Scene says: "Car."
[Scene says: "Leela drives the crew across the desert in a dark blue convertible."
[Scene says: "With her in the front are Farnsworth and Fry."
[Scene says: "Fry has taken off his red jacket and swapped it for red shorts."
[Scene says: "Amy, Hermes and Zoidberg sit in the back and Bender lies across the three of them."
[Scene says: "Monument Beach Car Park."
[Scene says: "Leela parks in the packed car park and the crew get out."
Farnsworth says: "Ah, here we are: Monument Beach!"
Fry gazes at the beach. People climb the Great Sphinx of Giza and alongside it is St. Peter's Tower, the White House, Randy's Donuts, many moai of Easter Island, the Leaning Tower of Pisa and Mount Rushmore.
Fry says: "Wait, Mount Rushmore and the Leaning Tower of Pisa?"
Fry says: "I didn't know they were both in New York!"
Leela unpacks some things from the boot.
Leela says: "They are now."
Leela says: "In the 2600's, New Yorkers elected a super-villain governor, and he stole most of the world's monuments."
Bender says: "Truly a great man."
Bender says: "Look at him up there."
He looks up at the super-villain and whistles. The governor's head has been carved into the mountain next to the other presidents' heads.
[Scene says: "Monument Beach."
[Scene says: "Leela lies on a sunbed and picks up a tube of Tanning Butter from the arm."
[Scene says: "She squeezes some onto her legs and hums as she rubs it in."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg picks up a chunk of real butter and rubs it across his head and groans."
[Scene says: "Hermes walks across in front of Zoidberg, Amy and Leela with a metal detector."
[Scene says: "It beeps rapidly."
Hermes says: "Aha!"
Hermes says: "Found you!"
Bender's head pops up from the sand.
Bender says: "OK, now you go hide."
Bender says: "Nice knowin' you."
He runs to a sunbed, picks up a drink and closes his eyes.
Time Lapse. Farnsworth and Zoidberg versus Amy and Leela in a beach volleyball game. Amy passes to Leela and she hits it over the net. It hits Farnsworth on the head and knocks him over. He groans. The ball lands on Zoidberg's claw and bursts. He frowns and throws it into a pile of at least 20 other burst balls. Farnsworth stands up.
Farnsworth says: "Come on, Zoidberg, I passed it right to you."
Zoidberg scoffs.
Zoidberg says: "I've had it with this game!"
Zoidberg says: "I'm going for a scuttle!"
He crouches down and scuttles into the water.
Time Lapse. Leela is back on her sunbed and Bender is on his.
Bender says: "OK, everyone, come and get it!"
He opens his door. He has turned his chest cabinet into a grill and there are four cooked burgers on a wire rack. He takes one out and puts it in a bun and hands it to Fry. Fry takes a bite.
Fry says: "Ah, just like my dad used to make..."
Fry says: "until McDonald's fired him."
Bender says: "Bite my red-hot glowing ass."
Bender says: "Aw, yeah!"
Amy, Leela and Fry eat their burgers while Farnsworth sleeps. Nibbler watches, licking his lips. Amy's burger slips out of the roll and onto her chest. Nibbler leaps up.
Amy says: "No, Nibbler!"
Amy says: "Psst, Professor, I need another bikini."
Farnsworth wakes up.
Farnsworth says: "Eh..."
Farnsworth says: "wha?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, my."
She sprays the straps on her back and turns around.
Amy says: "There."
Amy says: "How do I look?"
Farnsworth wiggles his glasses.
Farnsworth says: "Like a cheap French harlot."
Amy says: "French?"
Time Lapse. Fry finishes sculpting a sandcastle. A blonde guy stands over him and kicks the sandcastle in his face. Leela gasps and Fry spits the sand out. The guy turns to Leela.
Bully says: "Say, doll-face, how'd you like to make time with a real man?"
Leela says: "No."
Leela says: "I'm not attracted to bullies."
Leela says: "No matter how big and..."
Leela says: "..."
Leela says: "handsome they are."
Fry says: "It's OK, Leela, go ahead."
Fry says: "I got a lot of work to do."
Bully says: "Uh, sir, you don't understand."
Bully says: "I'm a professional beach bully."
Bully says: "I pretend to steal your girl, you punch me, I go down, she swoons, you slip me 50 bucks."
Fry says: "50 bucks?"
Fry says: "Not even if she was my girlfriend."
Fry says: "You take her."
Leela says: "Fry!"
Leela says: "Although I suppose we could go for a walk along the beach."
Bully says: "Uh, no thanks, ma'am, I'm actually gay."
He runs off and Leela sighs.
[Scene says: "Seabed."
[Scene says: "Zoidberg scuttles around the water and happens upon a pile of eight fish skeletons."
[Scene says: "He starts slurping them."
Zoidberg says: "Uh-oh."
Zoidberg says: "Bender, you gotta spring me."
Zoidberg says: "I'll never survive in here; I'm too pretty!"
Bender says: "Alright, alright, I'll bust you out."
Bender says: "Cheese it!"
Then run off.
[Scene says: "Monument Beach."
[Scene says: "Fry finishes reconstructing his sandcastle."
Fry says: "Voila."
Fry says: "The greatest sandcastle ever built."
Fry says: "This is the kind of castle King Arthur would have lived in, if he were a fiddler crab."
Leela and Farnsworth gather round.
Leela says: "It's very nice."
Leela says: "We should get a picture before the tide comes in."
Amy, Zoidberg and Bender arrive.
Fry says: "Ooh, yeah."
Fry says: "Anyone have a camera?"
Bender says: "Right here, buddy."
Bender says: "Pretend you're happy."
They smile.
Zoidberg says: "Yay!"
Their smiles fade when a huge shadow creeps over them. The camera goes off as the crew look up and see a huge grey alien saucer flying low overhead. The centre of it starts to open up. Everyone watches as it stops above the White House. The middle opens up and it blows up the White House à la Independence Day. Everyone screams.
Leela says: "Oh, my God!"
Hermes pokes his head up through the sand.
Hermes says: "What in Babylon?"
People flee as a fleet of saucers reduce the monuments to rubble and knock over the Leaning Tower of Pisa. A smaller saucer flies past the staff and destroys Fry's sandcastle. Fry falls to his knees and scoops up the sand.
Fry says: "Nooo!"
[Scene says: "Car."
[Scene says: "The crew return to New New York with alien saucers chasing them."
[Scene says: "Outside Planet Express."
[Scene says: "The car does a 180-degree skid outside the building and the crew run inside."
Hermes says: "Faster!"
A saucer blows up the car.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry peeps through the blinds and turns to the others."
Fry says: "We're all gonna die, aren't we?"
Farnsworth says: "Oh, I should think so."
Farnsworth says: "Although last time aliens invaded all they did was force the most intelligent of us to pair off and mate continuously."
Farnsworth says: "Oh, yes!"
He sprays his throat. Bender turns on the TV to the news. Linda presents with a smile.
Linda says: "Once again, today's winning lotto number was 4."
Linda says: "In other news, alien saucers continue to rain destruction upon Earth."
Linda says: "We now go live to an emergency address by Earth President McNeal."
A picture in the corner fills the screen. McNeal, a middle-aged man with brown hair and a croaky voice, addresses people from different nations. A "President McNeal" caption is on the bottom of the screen.
McNeal says: "Ladies and gentlemen, our course is clear."
McNeal says: "The time has come to knuckle under."
McNeal says: "To get down on all fours and really lick boot."
The TV cuts to static briefly then changes to Lrrr. His is now wearing a big red cape and is surrounded by several other Omicronians. He speaks into an old-fashioned microphone.
Lrrr says: "Now then: We want the one you call "McNeal"."
Lrrr says: "Give us McNeal or we will lay waste to your cities with our anti-monument laser."
Lrrr says: "We demand McNeal!"
The picture cuts out then back to a totally flabbergasted McNeal.
McNeal says: "And now, the man who will lead us in our proud struggle for freedom, fresh from his bloody triumph over the pacifists of the Gandhi Nebula, 25-star General Zapp Brannigan!"
He steps aside and Zapp takes the podium. The people cheer and applaud.
Man says: "Yeah!"
Fry applauds and Leela groans.
Bender says: "Hey, look, Leela, it's that idiotic windbag you slept with."
Leela says: "The Earth is under attack."
Leela says: "Can't we just forget about that?"
Bender says: "Evidently not."
Zapp says: "That's why I'm ordering every available ship to report for duty."
Zapp says: "Anyone without a ship should secure a weapon and fire wildly into the air."
Leela stands up.
Leela says: "Well, you heard the windbag: We've been drafted."
Leela says: "Everyone into the ship."
Bender says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on."
Bender says: "I refuse to fight."
Bender says: "I'm a conscientious objector."
Fry says: "A what?"
Bender says: "You know, a coward."
Zapp says: "Since this is an emergency, all robots will now have their patriotism circuits activated."
He holds up a remote control, points it at the camera and presses the button. Bender's antenna top flashes red and beeps and he stands up.
Bender says: "It is every robot's duty to give his life for the good of humanity."
Bender says: "Oh, crap!"
[Scene says: "A fleet of ships, including a yellow school bus and the Planet Express ship, fly away from Earth towards the hangar bay of the orbiting Nimbus."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Hangar Bay."
[Scene says: "The ships are moored and Zapp gives the assembled recruits a briefing."
[Scene says: "He walks down the ranks with Kif at his side."
Zapp says: "We're all from different cultures here."
Zapp says: "Some of you are white, some of you are black."
Zapp says: "Am I right, soldier?"
Bender says: "Well, actually, I--  Sir, yes, sir!"
Bender says: "Sir!"
Zapp says: "Remember, our mission is simple: Destroy all aliens!"
Kif raises his hand.
Kif says: "Um, uh, not me, sir."
Zapp says: "Oh, yes, right."
Zapp says: "Nobody destroy Kif."
Zapp says: "This is turning into one very sex-ay struggle for the future of the human race!"
Leela says: "Thanks, but I'm not technically human."
Zapp says: "Right, right."
Zapp says: "Nobody destroy Leela either."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Crew Bunkroom."
[Scene says: "The recruits are assembled around the beds."
Zapp says: "The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well-made bed."
Zapp says: "You will practise until you can make your bed in your sleep."
Fry says: "You mean while I'm sleeping in it?"
Zapp says: "You won't have time for sleeping, soldier."
Zapp says: "Not with all the bed-making you'll be doing."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Briefing Room."
[Scene says: "The recruits are dressed in DOOP uniforms and Zapp briefs them à la the briefing in Star Wars."
[Scene says: "He points at a display of an Omicronian saucer."
Zapp says: "The alien mothership is in orbit here."
Zapp says: "If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards."
Zapp says: "Checkmate."
Zapp says: "Now, like all great plans, my strategy is so simple an idiot could have devised it."
Zapp says: "On my command, all ships will line up and file directly into the alien death cannons, clogging them with wreckage."
Fry raises his hand.
Bender starts to choke him à la Homer Simpson to Bart in The Simpsons. His antenna flashes again and he stops choking Fry and salutes.
Bender says: "Sir, I volunteer for a suicide mission."
Bender says: "Aw, cut it out!"
Zapp says: "You're a brave robot, son."
Zapp says: "But when I'm in command every mission's a suicide mission."
Zapp says: "Which reminds me."
Zapp says: "Leela, perhaps before we head into battle you'd like to make love to me, in case one of us doesn't come back."
Leela says: "Maybe we should wait till afterwards, in case neither of us comes back."
Zapp says: "Here's hoping."
He salutes by tapping his heart, saluting from his head and blowing a kiss.
[Scene says: "The fleet flies around the moon towards the Omicronian mothership à la the X-Wing approach in Star Wars."
[Cut to says: "Ships Laser Turret."
[Cut to says: "Fry mans the controls and wears a helmet that looks like Luke Skywalker's."
Fry says: "I'm gonna be a science-fiction hero, just like Uhura, or Captain Janeway, or Xena!"
Leela says: "Fry, this isn't TV, it's real life."
Leela says: "Can't you tell the difference?"
Fry says: "Sure, I just like TV better."
He makes gunfire noises.
[Scene says: "The fleet attacks."
[Scene says: "Lasers fly in the Star Wars-esque battle."
[Scene says: "The Omicronians fire back on the fleet and blows up two ships flanking the Planet Express ship."
[Scene says: "It peels away, narrowly avoiding another laser beam."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela wrestles with the controls as alarms beep and smoke pours from the ceiling."
[Cut to says: "She brushes the hair out of her eye and looks across the room."
Leela says: "Bender, damage report."
Bender says: "The auxiliary power's out, and they spilled my cocktail."
He looks at the tipped over glass lying on the computer and the olive rolls off the edge.
[Cut to says: "Ships Laser Turret."
[Cut to says: "Fry narrows his eyes."
Fry says: "Alright, scumwads."
Fry says: "This one's for Bender's cocktail!"
[Scene says: "The Planet Express ship flies straight towards the saucer and Fry lets rip with 12 blasts from the laser."
[Scene says: "Leela turns the ship away and the Omicronian saucer creaks, groans and finally explodes in a spectacular fireball, complete with the obligatory flying tyre."
[Cut to says: "Ships Laser Turret."
[Cut to says: "Fry looks back at the explosion and cheers."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela stands up and waves her arms around."
Leela says: "We did it!"
Leela says: "We won!"
Bender says: "Well, who wants a martini?"
He takes a cocktail mixer out and shakes it.
Time Lapse. Fry, Leela and Bender chink their glasses and raise a toast. The communication screen comes down from the ceiling.
Zapp says: "Good work, everyone."
Zapp says: "The mothership is destroyed."
Through the window they see several white dots filling the starfield.
[Scene says: "The dots form a circular shape outside and it flips over, revealing it to be another Omicronian saucer that is so huge it dwarfs the Nimbus."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Briefing Room."
Zapp says: "What the hell is that thing?"
Kif says: "It appears to be the mothership."
Zapp says: "Then what did we just blow up?"
Kif checks the screen beside him.
Kif says: "The Hubble Telescope."
[Scene says: "The battle continues."
[Scene says: "The real mothership destroys more ships and a Slurm lorry."
[Cut to says: "Nimbus Briefing Room."
[Cut to says: "Zapp and Kif watch the battle on screen."
Zapp says: "Stop exploding, you cowards!"
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Leela drops her martini glass."
Leela says: "This is hopeless."
Leela says: "If we're gonna get blown to bits, we might as well do it in the comfort of our own home."
She pulls a lever on the seat.
[Scene says: "The ship jerks to a stop and reverses back towards Earth."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth talks to a woman, a man and a robot who bear a striking resemblance to Leela, Fry and Bender."
[Scene says: "The woman is blonde and has two eyes; the man has brown hair that is combed down and he wears a green jacket; the robot is very crude and clunky."
Farnsworth says: "You'll be the captain, you'll be the delivery boy, and you'll be the alcoholic, foul-mouthed--  Sorry, check back in three days, a week at the most."
They leave and Lrrr crackles onto the TV.
Lrrr says: "We want McNeal!"
Lrrr says: "Stop stalling!"
The scene changes to the news studio.
Linda says: "And now a rebuttal from President McNeal."
McNeal addresses the same people as before. Zapp is back with them.
McNeal says: "The people of Earth remain united in my refusal to hand over myself."
Zapp steps forward and puts a sack over McNeal. As he drags him away the people applaud and a man kicks the sack.
[Scene says: "Outside Capitol Building."
[Scene says: "An Omicronian saucer is parked at the back of the building and there is a door at ground level."
[Scene says: "Zapp puts the sack down, knocks and runs a few feet back."
Zapp says: "Here he is!"
Zapp says: "Come and get him!"
The door slides up, revealing Lrrr and Nd-Nd. McNeal wriggles out of the sack and gasps.
Lrrr says: "You are not McNeal."
Zapp says: "Huh?"
McNeal says: "Huh?"
Nd-Nd says: "You are not the one we want."
McNeal says: "Oh, thank you."
McNeal says: "Thank you, glorious masters!"
Lrrr whips out a laser and vaporises McNeal. He crumbles into a pile of smoking dust. Zapp squeals and takes a step back.
Lrrr says: "Give us McNeal!"
Zapp says: "That was McNeal."
Nd-Nd says: "No, McNeal, the single female lawyer."
Lrrr says: "She wears miniskirts and is promiscuous."
Zapp rubs his chin.
Zapp says: "Really?"
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The staff watch on TV."
Fry says: "Miniskirts?"
Fry says: "That sounds familiar."
[Cut to says: "Outside Capitol Building."
Lrrr says: "Surely you know McNeal."
Lrrr says: "She is an unmarried human female struggling to succeed in a human male's world."
Zapp says: "Maybe that's just her excuse for being incompetent."
Lrrr says: "This is the McNeal."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "Fry stares at the headshot."
Fry says: "Wait, I know her."
Leela says: "You do not, you big fat liar."
Leela says: "You don't know anyone."
Leela says: "All you do is watch TV."
Fry says: "That's where I know her from."
Fry says: "She's Jenny McNeal."
Fry says: "She was a character on a TV show back in the 20th century, Single Female Lawyer."
Bender says: "Well if they're hoping to see a TV show that hasn't existed for a thousand years, pft, they are royally boned."
Lrrr says: "We will raise your planet's temperature by one million degrees a day, for five days, unless we see McNeal at 9pm tomorrow -- 8 central!"
The staff gasp.
Farnsworth says: "I'm beginning to think there'll be no forced mating at all."
[Scene says: "Lrrr and Nd-Nd's saucer hovers above New New York."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Meeting Room."
[Cut to says: "The entire staff are assembled around the table."
[Cut to says: "Leela paces around."
Leela says: "They're going to destroy the entire Earth if they don't see some stupid TV show about some bimbo lawyer?"
Fry says: "It's crazy!"
Fry says: "How could they even know about a show from a thousand years ago?"
Farnsworth says: "Well, Omicron Persei 8 is about a thousand light years away."
Farnsworth says: "So the electro-magnetic waves would just recently have gotten there."
Fry says: "Magic."
Fry says: "Got it."
Amy types "single female lawyer" into a search engine and a page pops up.
Amy says: "Check this out: Back in 1999 the season finale of Single Female Lawyer was interrupted by technical problems."
Amy says: "Apparently some zidiot spilled Coke on the transmitter."
Fry says: "Beer-- I would think."
Bender says: "They must just wanna see that episode."
Bender says: "Let's find a tape and give it to 'em."
Amy searches some more.
Amy says: "There aren't any copies left."
Farnsworth says: "No, there wouldn't be."
Farnsworth says: "Most videotapes from that era were damaged in 2443 during the Second Coming of Jesus."
Fry says: "Y'know, I saw the first 30 seconds of that episode."
Fry says: "If I could make up an ending, maybe we could act it out ourselves."
Zoidberg says: "I could make the costumes."
He cuts some material with his claw.
Farnsworth says: "I have an old five-megawatt broadcasting tower in the attic."
Bender says: "And I, I could be an acting coach!"
He whizzes his hand around.
Fry says: "Let's put on a show."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "The ship has been moved to make way for a courtroom set."
[Scene says: "Hermes and Farnsworth makes some last-minute perfections to the set, Bender arranges things on the defendant's table and Zoidberg wheels a rail loaded with frilly clothes past Fry, Leela and Amy."
[Scene says: "Fry sits on a chair with the script."
Leela says: "Uh-uh, forget it."
Leela says: "A, I'm camera shy; and B, I get tongue tied in front of an audience armed with death rays."
Amy says: "Plus, you don't really have the thighs for a miniskirt."
Leela says: "Gimme the script."
She snatches it from Fry.
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Attic Roof."
[Scene says: "Farnsworth leans through a hatch and hooks up a satellite dish and points it at the nearby saucer."
[Cut to says: "Outside Omicronian Saucer."
[Cut to says: "Lrrr climbs a ladder up to the roof and jabs an aerial into it."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
[Scene says: "On the courtroom set Fry calls for his cast."
Fry says: "Places, everyone."
Amy puts the finishing touches to Leela's make-up. She is dressed in a green suit and high heels.
Amy says: "OK..."
Amy says: "all set!"
Leela turns around. Amy has attached a googly eye to the side of Leela's face. She flicks the pupil and it rolls around.
Fry says: "Lights!"
Fry says: "Camera three!"
Something whirrs in Bender's head but nothing else moves.
[Scene says: "Omicronian Saucer."
[Scene says: "Lrrr and Nd-Nd sit in recliners in front of a TV screen with six other Omicronians sat around them."
Lrrr says: "Prepare the water cooler, that we may gather around it later and discuss things."
He pulls the recliner lever and flicks the TV on. Bender holds up a crude sign with "Single Female Lawyer" written on it and sings.
Fighting for her client,.
He swaps the sign to one that says "Written and Directed by Fry".
Wearing sexy miniskirts,.
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
Bender says: "And being self-reliant."
He takes the sign away and the episode begins. Farnsworth is the judge, Zoidberg is the prosecutor and Leela is the defendant. Farnsworth and Leela hold their scripts.
Farnsworth says: "Uh..."
Farnsworth says: "..."
Farnsworth says: "on account of your hot, naked affair with the foreman."
Farnsworth says: "How do you plead?"
Leela stands up and looks at her script.
Leela says: "Your Honour, I move for a mistrial, on the grounds that I'm also having a hot, naked affair with the foreman of this jury."
Amy and Hermes sit in the jury box with ten cardboard people. Hermes waves.
Hermes says: "I'll see you during the recess!"
[Cut to says: "Omicronian Saucer."
Lrrr says: "If McNeal wishes to be taken seriously why does she not simply tear the judge's head off?"
Nd-Nd says: "It is true what they say; "Women are from Omicron Persei 7, men are from Omicron Persei 9"."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Hangar."
Farnsworth says: "Your witness, Prosecutor Ramirez."
Zoidberg says: "Gracias."
Zoidberg says: "Single Female Lawyer, where were you on the night of August 23rd?"
Leela says: "Sleeping with you."
Zoidberg says: "Aha!"
He jabs his claw in her fake eye and pulls it off her face. He sniffs it and eats it. Leela leafs through the script in a panic.
Leela says: "Uh, g-- uh, getting back to the, uh, matter, uh-uh, if it please the court..."
Leela says: "Fry, there's nothing else here."
Leela says: "You only wrote two pages of dialogue."
Fry says: "Well, it took an hour to write."
Fry says: "I thought it would take an hour to read."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "What are we supposed to do now?"
Fry says: "I don't know, I don't know."
Fry says: "Just say anything."
Fry says: "As long as it's compelling, mesmerising, a tour de force."
Leela says: "Uh..."
Farnsworth says: "What say you, Single Female Lawyer?"
Leela says: "I say..."
Leela says: "I'm giving up the law."
Leela says: "And I'm giving up being single."
Leela says: "Your Honour, will you marry me?"
Amy and Hermes gasp. Bender makes dramatic incidental music noises. Fry buries his face in his hands.
Fry says: "No, no!"
Fry says: "Go to commercial!"
Bender puts the Single Female Lawyer card in front of the camera.
Bender says: "We'll be back after this word from Crazy Bender's Discount Stereo."
He retracts his eye.
Fry says: "Married?"
Fry says: "Jenny can't get married."
Leela says: "Why not?"
Leela says: "It's clever, it's unexpected."
Fry says: "But that's not why people watch TV."
Fry says: "Clever things make people feel stupid, and unexpected things make them feel scared."
Lrrr crackles onto the screen.
Lrrr says: ": Attention, McNeal."
Lrrr says: "Your unexpected marriage plan scares us."
Lrrr says: "You stole our hearts as a single female lawyer, and so shall you remain -- or else!"
Fry says: "You see?"
Fry says: "TV audiences don't want anything original."
Fry says: "They wanna see the same thing they've seen a thousand times before."
Bender says: "Whatchoo talkin' 'bout, Fry?"
Fry says: "Trust me on this."
Fry says: "While other people were out living their lives, I wasted mine watching TV, because deep down I knew it might one day help me save the world."
Fry says: "Plus, I would have lost my Workman's Comp if I had gone outside."
Fry says: "Now just read these cue cards."
He scrawls something on some big cards with a black marker.
Time Lapse. The cast take their places. Fry holds up the cue cards.
Fry says: "And action!"
Farnsworth says: "Miss McNeal, I'm afraid I must decline your offer of marriage."
Farnsworth says: "For, you see, I'm dying."
Farnsworth says: "Cough, then fall over dead."
He smiles and just stares ahead.
Zoidberg says: "My God, he's dead."
Farnsworth checks his pulse.
Leela says: "..."
Leela says: "I hereby return to my single female lawyer career."
Leela says: "No matter what any man says."
Hermes says: "We find the defendant vulnerable yet spunky!"
Zoidberg says: "Hooray!"
Amy says: "Hooray!"
Fry says: "And..."
Fry says: "cut!"
Having lot's of sex--.
Lrrr cuts onto the TV. Nd-Nd drinks from the water cooler behind him.
Lrrr says: "As a result, we will not destroy your planet."
Lrrr says: "But neither will we provide you with our recipe for immortality."
Fry says: "Way to overact ,Zoidberg!"
Lrrr says: "And now we must return to our planet, to catch the end of a thousand-year-old Leno monologue."
He sweeps his cape over him and runs offscreen.
[Cut to says: "New New York City Street."
[Cut to says: "The Omicronian saucers fly away and people come out from hiding."
[Cut to says: "A white man hugs a black man, a Jew hugs an Arab and a clown hugs a nun."
[Cut to says: "Planet Express: Lounge."
[Cut to says: "The crew watch and cheer."
Bender says: "You did it, Fry!"
Fry says: "Yep."
Fry says: "It was just a matter of knowing the secret of all TV shows: At the end of the episode, everything's always right back to normal."
A pullback reveals New New York is a burning ruin. There is a crashed ship in the river and the flaming arm of the Statue of Liberty crumbles away.
Closing Credits.