[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Touch Eyeballs To Screen For Cheap Laser Surgery."
[Scene says: "7^11."
[Scene says: "Bender looks in the beer fridges while Fry looks at the gum and candy rack."
Fry says: "Hm, Spider, Hubble, Nitrogum..."
Fry says: "ooh, Big Pink!"
Fry says: "It's the only gum with the breath-freshening power of ham."
Bender says: "And it pinkens your teeth while you chew."
The till clerk is dressed in a perspex box and is serving a sergeant at the till.
Clerk says: "Alright, sergeant, $100 worth of pixie stix and porno mags with your 5% military discount comes to $95."
Clerk says: "That'll be 40 cents."
Fry says: "I believe you're forgetting about our 5% military discount."
Clerk says: "Well that's only for people in the military."
Bender says: "What?"
Bender says: "This is the worst kind of discrimination."
Bender says: "The kind against me!"
Clerk says: "Alright, look."
Clerk says: "Our policy is: If for any reason you're not completely satisfied, I hate you."
He presses a button and a conveyor belt takes Fry and Bender through the doors onto the street.
[Cut to says: "Outside 7^11."
[Cut to says: "Bender's head falls off and rolls into the gutter."
Bender says: "OK, now I'm mad!"
He screws it back on.
Fry says: "Full price for gum?"
Fry says: "That dog won't hunt, monsignor."
[Scene says: "Earth Army Recruiting Center."
[Scene says: "Over the decades, army recruitment posters have changed."
[Scene says: "The one hanging outside the building has the caption "Join The Army."
[Scene says: "What Are You, Chicken?"
[Scene says: "Buk Buk Buk"."
[Scene says: "Inside, there is a line of people waiting to sign up."
[Scene says: "Hanging on the wall is a banner showing the Earth Army's employee of the month -- in a coffin with the Earth flag draped over it."
Bender says: "Hello."
Bender says: "We're here because we, uh, love our planet!"
He and Fry chuckle. The man pushes their papers towards them.
Recruitment Officer says: "Sign here on the dotted line, patriots, and I'll give you your discount cards."
Fry says: "Just out of curiosity, we could use the cards to buy gum, then immediately quit the army, right?"
Bender says: "You know, playing you all for chumps?"
Recruitment Officer says: "Correct."
Recruitment Officer says: "There's no obligation."
Recruitment Officer says: "Unless, of course, war were declared."
A siren sounds and a red light flashes.
Fry says: "What's that?"
Recruitment Officer says: "War were declared."
[Scene says: "South Street Spaceport."
[Scene says: "Kif and Zapp check off the new recruits as they board the Nimbus."
[Scene says: "Leela, Hermes, Amy and Farnsworth follow Bender and Fry as they carry their bags towards the ship."
Farnsworth says: "Now be careful, Fry."
Farnsworth says: "And if you kill anyone, make sure to eat their heart, to gain their courage."
Farnsworth says: "Their rich, tasty courage."
He licks his lips.
Hermes says: "I don't want you to worry about your jobs while you're away."
Hermes says: "That's why I'm firing you now."
He hands them their pink slips then turns away and starts to cry.
Leela says: "I wanna enlist."
Leela says: "My friends always die if I'm not there to save them."
Zapp says: "Sorry, but the army's instituted a men-only policy."
Leela says: "What?"
Zapp says: "It's shameful, I agree."
Zapp says: "In the olden days, I proudly fought alongside female troops, shoulder to, uh, shoulder."
Zapp says: "Alas, after a series of deadly blunders caused by distracting low-cut fatigues and lots of harmless pinching, the army decided women weren't fit for service."
Zapp says: "Not when I'm in charge."
Leela says: "You know, Zapp, someone ought to teach you a lesson."
Zapp says: "If it's a lesson in love, watch out; I suffer from a very sexy learning disability."
Zapp says: "What do I call it, Kif?"
Kif sighs.
Kif says: ""Sex-lexia"."
Time Lapse. The last soldiers board the ship, the boarding gangways are removed and the ship takes off.
[Scene says: "Nimbus Briefing Room."
[Scene says: "Zapp stands on a platform before the troops."
[Scene says: "The Earth flag hangs behind him."
Zapp says: "Men, you're lucky men."
Zapp says: "Soon you'll all be fighting for your planet."
Zapp says: "Many of you will be dying for your planet."
Zapp says: "A few of you will be forced through a fine mesh screen for your planet."
Zapp says: "They will be the luckiest of all."
Bender says: "Great, we're gonna die."
Fry says: "And this ham gum is all bones."
He spits it out.
Zapp says: "Now to present the logistics of our mission, the Commander-in-Chief."
Zapp says: "Please welcome the original Gerber Baby, Earth President Richard M."
Zapp says: "Nixon."
Kif sits Nixon's head in a jar on a stool.
Nixon says: "This is the brass ring, fellas."
Nixon says: "Planet Spheron One!"
Fry says: "Cool effect!"
Zapp says: "It's a desolate, ugly little planet with absolutely no natural resources or strategic value."
Zapp says: "Questions?"
Soldier #1 says: "Why is this Godforsaken planet worth dying for?"
Zapp says: "Don't ask me, you're the one who's going to be dying."
Fry says: "Uh, just so we'll know, who's the enemy?"
Zapp says: "A valid question."
Zapp says: "We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like."
Zapp says: "But we can assume this: They stand for everything we don't stand for."
Zapp says: "Also, they told me you guys look like dorks."
Bender says: "They look like dorks!"
He waves his fists around and Fry holds him back.
[Scene says: "Nimbus Training Room."
[Scene says: "Zapp, Kif and Nixon watch the soldiers train on gym equipment."
Time Lapse. The soldiers drop a little water onto some green blobs and they inflate into tents. Fry swallows his and drinks a glass of water. The tent inflates in his mouth and he mumbles.
Zapp says: "What's the matter, private?"
Zapp says: "Tent got your tongue?"
Zapp says: "Kif, write that down and send it to "Humor In Uniform"."
Time Lapse. The soldiers learn to assemble their guns. Bender quickly does his but attaches his arm to it as well. He groans.
Time Lapse. Fry puts on a helmet that obscures his vision and holds a lightsaber. Kif releases a hovering piñata and it buzzes around Fry. Fry swings for it, misses a few times and chops it in half. Sweets fall out of it and the other soldiers scoop them up off the floor and eat them. Fry looks around in confusion.
Time Lapse. An exhausted Fry and Bender sit out the obstacle course. The soldiers run past them, through tyres and tunnels, under barbed wire and through the ring of fire. Another soldier breaks away from the group and runs past Fry and Bender.
Fry says: "Whoa!"
Fry says: "Check out that guy."
Fry says: "He makes Speedy Gonzales look like Regular Gonzales!"
The soldier passes the finish line and Kif splits a stopwatch.
Kif says: "That new recruit is phenomenal, sir."
Zapp says: "Yes."
Zapp says: "He edged out my old mark by two seconds..."
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "and 16 minutes..."
Zapp says: "and 12 hours."
Zapp says: "I do plan to finish someday, Kif."
Zapp says: "Good hustle, soldier."
He pats the soldier's bum and he turns around and slaps Zapp. The soldier has purple hair, a purple beard and wears a visor across his eyes. Shock, horror, it's actually Leela. Not that Zapp notices.
Leela says: "Uh, sorry, sir."
Leela says: "I was still in attack mode."
Leela says: "You know how testosterone is."
Zapp says: "As a bubbling Crock-Pot of male hormones, I sure do."
Zapp says: "What's your name, private?"
Leela says: "La..."
Leela says: "man."
Leela says: "La Man..."
Leela says: "Lemon!"
Leela says: "Lee Lemon, sir."
She salutes.
Zapp says: "Lemon, you're a man's man."
Zapp says: "You're a man's man's man."
Zapp says: "More importantly, your hand, while firm and masculine, is soft as a velvet child."
Zapp says: "What lotion do you use?"
Leela says: "Pert and Popular, sir."
Zapp says: "Roger that."
Zapp says: "Kif, get me ten cases of Pert and Popular."
Kif says: "What shall I do with your Jergens, sir?"
Zapp says: "Squirt it on some homeless man with dry elbows."
Zapp says: "Private Lee Lemon may well be the finest recruit I've seen in all my years of service."
Zapp says: "That young man fills me with hope and some other emotions that are weird and deeply confusing to me."
Kif says: "Ew!"
[Scene says: "Nimbus Mess Hall."
[Scene says: "Zapp watches the soldiers through a pair of binoculars."
[Scene says: "He looks at Leela, sitting at a table alone and zooms in."
Zapp says: "Hello!"
Nixon sits with Zapp at the table. Kif pours wine into Zapp's glass and then pours some into Nixon's jar. He slurps it.
Nixon says: "Mmm!"
Nixon says: "Now that's a nice rosé."
Nixon says: "So, anyway, we open up the panda crate and, wouldn't you know it, the damn thing's dead!"
Nixon says: "Up-chucked it's bamboo."
Nixon says: "True story."
Zapp continues to look through the binoculars.
Zapp says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh."
Zapp says: "That's whatever you were talking about for you."
Fry, Bender, soldier #1 and a hick carry their trays to Leela's table.
Fry says: "Mind if we sit with you?"
Leela says: "Uh, hey, why the hell would I?"
Leela says: "We're all guys here."
Leela says: "Sweaty, hairy, gassy guys."
They sit down.
Fry says: "Good point..."
Fry says: "I guess."
Bender says: "You're my kind of soldier, Lemon."
Bender says: "A foul-mouthed, barrel-chested, beer-bellied pile of ugly muscle."
Hick says: "So."
Hick says: "Any you fellas got a special lady back home?"
Fry says: "Well, I sort of a have a thing for this girl I work with."
Leela says: "Really?"
Leela says: "What type is she?"
Leela says: "You know, blonde, or Chinese, or Cyclops?"
Fry says: "Cyclops."
Leela says: "Aww, she sounds sweet."
Bender says: "But sweet girls aren't for you, eh?"
Leela says: "Stop!"
Leela says: "Stop flattering me!"
Zapp says: "Well, well, well."
Zapp says: "If it isn't Lee Lemon: The flaming star of Brannigan's Rough Rangers."
Zapp says: "Say, uh, Lemon, do you like to read?"
Zapp says: "I just got a great book on tape."
An alarm goes off and everyone runs off.
Leela says: "Sir, the alarm."
Zapp puts his finger to her mouth.
Zapp says: "Shh."
Zapp says: "Don't talk."
Zapp says: "Just go."
[Scene says: "The Nimbus goes into orbit around Spheron One."
[Scene says: "Nimbus Briefing Room."
[Scene says: "The soldiers are in full battle uniform and holding their guns."
Nixon says: "We are now in position above Spheron One."
Nixon says: "This is the moment we were training for all yesterday afternoon."
Zapp says: "And now for the battle plan: As you all know, the key to victory is the element of surprise."
Zapp says: "Surprise!"
He presses a big red button and the floor beneath the soldiers opens up.
[Cut to says: "Spheron One Surface."
[Cut to says: "The Nimbus is a few metres off the ground and the soldiers land in a heap."
[Cut to says: "The floor closes up again."
Time Lapse. The soldiers stand alone on the vast planet surface. The terrain is rocky and the sky is green.
Fry says: "It's creepy here."
Soldier #1 says: "This is the worst part."
Soldier #1 says: "The calm before the battle."
Fry says: "And then the battle's not so bad?"
Soldier #1 says: "Oh, right."
Soldier #1 says: "I forgot about the battle."
He whimpers. The ground begins to shake and there is a loud banging sound.
Fry says: "What's happening?"
Hick says: "Holy shoot!"
Hick says: "Lookie!"
Hundreds of pink balls bounce towards them.
Fry says: "The enemy!"
Fry says: "They're balls!"
The balls knock several troops over. Other soldiers blast them with their guns and they deflate like burst balloons. Fry's gun spurts out red bursts that go nowhere.
Leela says: "Charge your gun, Fry."
Fry says: "Oh, right."
He winds a handle on the side of his gun and it plays Pop Goes The Weasel as it charges. A red pulse blasts out of the gun and a horse neighs. Zapp is sat on the horse which is standing on a hovering platform and he is carrying a sword.
Zapp says: "Watch where you're shooting, private!"
Zapp says: "You spooked Felicity."
Zapp says: "There, there, boy."
More balls knock over more soldiers. Eight of them gang up on soldier #1 and he groans in pain. Leela kicks them away and soldier #1 quivers on the ground. He holds up a watch to Bender.
Soldier #1 says: "Give this to my son."
Bender says: "You got it!"
Soldier #1 says: "Wait."
Soldier #1 says: "I didn't tell you where he lives."
Bender says: "Hey, I think your son might also like those boots."
Time Lapse. The battle rages on. The soldiers charge their guns and Pop Goes The Weasel plays over and over.
Hick says: "Cover us, buddy."
Hick says: "You've got the only wounded-up positron shooter."
Hick says: "Fry, you emu-bellied coward!"
The balls knock over him, Bender and Leela. Four balls line up behind a bomb. Another ball pushes the first four balls and, like a Newton's Cradle, the bomb is pushed away. It rolls past Fry and stops between Leela, Bender and the hick. They scream and the fuse burns away. Bender crawls towards it.
Fry says: "Bender!"
Fry says: "No!"
Bender opens his chest cabinet.
Bender says: "If they put me on a stamp, tell them to use the young Bender."
He covers the bomb, it explodes and his chassis expands.
[Scene says: "DOOP Camp."
[Scene says: "The M*A*S*H theme plays."
[Scene says: "A helicopter lands on a helipad."
P.A. Announcer says: "Incoming wounded."
P.A. Announcer says: "All operating personnel report to tent four, repeat, four-- I mean five!"
P.A. Announcer says: "Repeat, four."
Two medics carry soldier #1 from the helicopter on a stretcher.
[Scene says: "Tent Four."
[Scene says: "Fry watches through the window."
[Scene says: "A jellyfish woman, from the race from A Flight To Remember and The Lesser Of Two Evils is a nurse."
Nurse says: "Are you ready to operate, doctor?"
Zoidberg says: "I kid!"
Zoidberg says: "I kid!"
The nurse puts some gloves on his claws and they break.
Time Lapse. A human doctor operates on a mule, a robot doctor operates on soldier #1 while Zoidberg operates on the hick.
Zoidberg says: "Scalpel."
Zoidberg says: "Priest."
Zoidberg says: "Next patient."
The robot doctor, iHawk, has a martini permanently attached to his left hand.
iHawk says: "Gee, Zoidberg, leave some for the enemy to kill."
Nurse says: "Leave Dr."
Nurse says: "Zoidberg alone!"
Nurse says: "He has twice the training you do."
iHawk says: "Yeah, he's a doctor and a butcher!"
He laughs and soldier #1 joins in. Zoidberg groans.
Zoidberg says: "See, this is how it starts."
Zoidberg says: "First with he jokes, then comes the heavy stuff."
iHawk says: "When will the killing end?"
[Cut to says: "Outside Tent Four."
[Cut to says: "Fry is still outside."
[Cut to says: "Zapp arrives, still on his horse."
[Cut to says: "Kif is standing beside the horse."
Zapp says: "Look at this sissy, Kif."
Zapp says: "While others were fighting and dying pointlessly, he was hiding in a hole, wallowing in a pool of his own cowardice."
Fry says: "That wasn't cowardice."
Zapp says: "I'm de-promoting you, soldier."
Zapp says: "Kif, what's the most humiliating job there is?"
Kif says: "Being your assistant."
Zapp says: "Wrong!"
Zapp says: "Being your assistant!"
Zapp says: "Private Fry, you shall henceforth serve as Kif's assistant."
Fry says: "That doesn't sound too bad."
Kif says: "You speak when I tell you to, you filthy worm!"
[Scene says: "Tent Four."
Zoidberg says: "I'm afraid he's gone."
He pulls the sheet over the hick.
Hick says: "Whoa, doc, I ain't dead."
Zoidberg says: "Excuse me, I believe I'm the doctor."
iHawk says: "Believe it all you want, that won't make it true."
iHawk says: "This isn't a war, it's a moider!"
The nurse wheels Bender in. His chassis is still mis-shapen from the explosion.
Hick says: "Bender, old buddy, hang in there."
The nurse hooks Bender up to a beer drip and he groans. Zapp walks in with Nixon's head.
Zapp says: "Here lies the bravest soldier I've seen since my mirror got grease on it."
Zapp says: "I hereby order that in Bender's honour he be melted down and made into a statue of himself."
Nixon says: "Slow down there, Starsky, I'm up to something here."
Nixon says: "I want this robot fixed."
Nixon says: "Fixed like Kennedy fixed the 1960 election."
Nixon says: "Damn bean-eating war hero!"
Nurse says: "Are you read to operate, doctor?"
iHawk says: "I'd love to, but first I have to perform surgery."
He laughs.
Zoidberg says: "That's my joke!"
Zoidberg says: "I'll kill you!"
He jumps at iHawk and clacks his claws.
[Scene says: "Officers' Club."
[Scene says: "Zapp sits with Nixon and drinks as the battle continues outside."
Zapp says: "Ah!"
Zapp says: "Pre-war scotch!"
Zapp says: "Welcome, Lieutenant Bender."
Zapp says: "You're looking sharp."
Bender says: "I got wheels!"
Bender says: "With clickety-clack-ers."
Kif brings Zapp another scotch.
Zapp says: "Damnit, Kif, where's the little umbrella?"
Zapp says: "That's what makes it a scotch-on-the-rocks!"
He groans as Zapp plants the glass firmly in the middle of his forehead.
Zapp says: "Make me a new one."
Kif signs and walks back to the bar where Fry is cleaning glasses with a cloth.
Kif says: "Use a brush, you dunderhead!"
Kif says: "And mix these mixed nuts."
Kif says: "I see two almonds touching!"
Back at Zapp's table...
Nixon says: "Now, listen here, Bender."
Nixon says: "This war is in danger of going all quagmire on me, so I'm sending you on one last mission."
Bender says: "Hot diggidy daffodil!"
Nixon says: "A mission of peace."
Bender says: "Oh!"
Zapp says: "You'll be negotiating with the aliens' mysterious leaders, the Brain Balls."
Zapp says: "They've got a lot of brains and they've got a lot of kutzpa!"
Nixon says: "Accompanying you will be our top peace negotiator, Henry Kissenger."
Kif wheels in Kissenger's head in a jar.
Kissenger says: "How are you?"
Bender says: "Is he any good?"
Nixon says: "Looking like that, he talked his way into Jill St."
Nixon says: "John's bed."
Nixon says: "Nuff said!"
[Scene says: "Helicopter."
[Scene says: "Bender and Kissenger's helicopter lifts off and flies away."
[Scene says: "Shower Block."
[Scene says: "Nixon sings Tommy Roe's Dizzy while showering."
My head is spinning,.
Like a whirlpool,.
It never ends.
Kif scrubs Zapp's back with a brush.
Zapp says: "A little lower."
Zapp says: "Lower."
Zapp says: "Lower."
Zapp says: "A lot lower."
Zapp says: "Too low!"
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "Lower!"
Kif sighs. Fry sings and scrubs Kif's back.
Fry says: "I'm walking on sunshine, whoa-oh."
He hums. Leela walks in wearing a bathrobe, hat and visor and gasps. She turns to leave.
Zapp says: "Private Lemon, no need to leave."
Zapp says: "My stall just became free."
Leela says: "Maybe you should put on a towel, sir."
Zapp says: "Right!"
Zapp says: "Right!"
Zapp says: "If I should accidentally put too much on my hands, perhaps I could rub it onto you."
Leela gags. Kif carries Nixon's jar.
Nixon says: "Brannigan!"
Zapp says: "Hm?"
Nixon says: "My God, cover yourself."
Nixon says: "I didn't live a thousand years and travel a quadrillion miles to look at another man's gizmo."
Zapp says: "Uh, sorry, Mr."
Zapp says: "President, I-I didn't realise."
Zapp says: "Kif, raise him up about nipple-high."
Behind them, Leela showers with her back turned.
Nixon says: "Come on, Brannigan, stuff yourself into a uniform."
Nixon says: "We've gotta get off this planet before the bomb goes off."
Leela says: "Bomb?"
Leela says: "What bomb?"
Zapp says: "The one we had the doctors implant in that gullible Bender robot."
Fry gasps. Zapp's horse kicks the shower stalls and Leela runs out and wraps a towel around herself. Zapp looks her up and down and purrs.
Nixon says: "Zapp."
Nixon says: "Zapp!"
Zapp says: "Hm?"
Nixon says: "Inspect the troops later."
Nixon says: "It's time to activate the bomb."
Zapp takes a remote control out of his uniform pocket and presses a button.
[Scene says: "Brain Ball Headquarters."
[Scene says: "Bender and Kissenger sit at a table with three Brain Balls."
The bomb inside Bender beeps and his antenna flashes.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "Scuse me."
He bangs his chest and the bomb starts to tick.
[Scene says: "DOOP Camp."
P.A. Announcer says: "Attention: All personnel evacuate the planet immediately."
P.A. Announcer says: "And not just because it's meat loaf night."
Zapp sits on his horse and Kif sits on a mule, holding Nixon's jar.
Zapp says: "Come along, Lemon, before this whole dump blows up."
Leela says: "Uh, Commander?"
Leela says: "Could you tell me when the bomb is exploding?"
Zapp says: "Of course, my significant soldier."
Zapp says: "The bomb is voice-activated."
Zapp says: "It will detonate the instant the robot unwittingly speaks a certain word."
Fry says: "What's the word, uh, sir?"
He salutes.
Zapp says: "It's the one word the robot uses more than any other."
Zapp says: "We got it from this convenient database of his 10 most frequently-used words."
Zapp says: "..."
Zapp says: "number three, shiny; number two, daffodil."
Zapp says: "And Bender's number one most frequently-uttered word, the word which, if uttered, will blow up this entire planet: Ass."
Fry gasps.
Fry says: "We don't have long!"
[Scene says: "Brain Ball Headquarters."
Brain Ball #1 says: "We demand bouncing, followed by rolling, followed by rolling of the third type."
Kissenger says: "Say what?"
Bender says: "My chair's too hard."
Bender says: "It's a real pain in the, uh, whattya call it?"
Bender says: "Lower back!"
Bender says: "Yeah, that whole region."
[Scene says: "DOOP Camp."
[Scene says: "Soldiers board helicopters and they take off towards the Nimbus."
[Scene says: "Fry crouches behind some barrels until most of the helicopters are gone."
Fry says: "OK, I gotta break down that gate, beat up those three guards, steal that chopper and rescue Bender."
Leela kicks down the gate and beats up the guards.
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
Fry says: "Hey, I did it!"
Fry says: "Wait, that's not me."
Leela says: "Come on!"
Leela says: "We gotta save Bender."
She climbs onto the helicopter.
Fry says: "You wanna save him too, Lemon?"
Fry says: "You barely know him."
Leela pulls him onto the helicopter.
Leela says: "Fry, don't you recognise me?"
Fry says: "Hermes?"
Zapp arrives.
Zapp says: "Lee?"
Zapp says: "When will I see you again?"
Zapp says: "Well, let's see how friendly you get when you're sharing a prison cell!"
He holds up some handcuffs. Leela punches him in the stomach, following multiple more to his face and kicks him to the ground.
Leela says: "Hey, Zapp!"
Zapp groans. Leela pulls of her helmet and fake beard.
Zapp says: "Leela!"
Fry says: "Leela!"
Zapp says: "So it's you I've been attracted to!"
Zapp says: "Oh, God, I've never been so happy to be beaten up by a woman."
Leela says: "Let's do it again sometime."
She closes the door and takes off.
[Scene says: "Brain Ball Headquarters."
Brain Ball #2 says: "The Elders tell of a young ball much like you."
Brain Ball #2 says: "He bounced three metres in the air."
Brain Ball #2 says: "Then he bounced 1."
Brain Ball #2 says: "8 metres in the air."
Brain Ball #2 says: "Then he bounced four metres in the air."
Brain Ball #2 says: "Do I make myself clear?"
Kissenger says: "Mr."
Kissenger says: "Ambassador, our people tell the same story."
Kissenger says: "Oy."
Bender paces around shaking his fists.
Bender says: "These balls are making me testy."
Bender says: "If they don't stop bouncing and jiggling, I swear I'm gonna shove this treaty up their-- Wait a second."
Bender says: "Where do you shove things up a ball?"
Kissenger says: "This isn't a productive area of discussion."
[Scene says: "Helicopter."
[Scene says: "Hundreds of balls bounce underneath."
Leela says: "We're here."
Leela says: "I followed the bouncing balls."
Leela says: "I'll keep the chopper at a safe altitude while you parachute down."
Fry says: "OK, my best friend's life is at stake."
Fry says: "I can finally prove that I'm not a coward."
Fry says: "Will you push me?"
Leela says: "I already did!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Brain Ball Headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Fry falls."
Fry says: "At last, war has made me into a man."
He cheers as he bounces towards the building.
[Cut to says: "Brain Ball Headquarters."
Kissenger says: "Please, gentlemen, we must put an end to the bloodshed."
Kissenger says: "We have all seen too many body bags and ball sacks."
Brain Ball #1 says: "We cannot condone bouncing of the seventh variety."
Bender says: "Enough of this crap!"
Bender says: "I'm catching the next pimpmobile outta here!"
Bender says: "But before I go I have one thing to say."
Enter Fry on his ball.
Fry says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "You can't say the next word."
Bender says: "Up yours, chump, I said it 906 times before lunch."
Fry says: "Bender, if you say the A-word, you'll blow this planet straight to the H-word!"
He opens Bender's chest door, revealing the armed bomb. They gasp.
Kissenger says: "Young man, you have the bravery of a hero and breath as fresh as a summer ham."
Kissenger says: "What?"
Kissenger says: "What is funny?"
Bender says: "Bender's got the upper hand now."
Bender says: "I'd rather die and take everybody with me than sit here one more minute listening to these idiots talk about bouncing!"
Brain Ball #1 says: "Please, stay calm."
Brain Ball #1 says: "There's no need to bounce of the handle."
Bender says: "That's it, I'm saying it!"
Brain Ball #1 says: "Wait, stop!"
Brain Ball #1 says: "We give in to all of Earth's demands."
Brain Ball #1 says: "The war is over."
Brain Ball #1 says: "Our home planet is yours."
Bender laughs.
Fry says: "Alright!"
Fry says: "Hey, wait a minute!"
Fry says: "This is your home planet?"
Fry says: "We're the evil, invading aliens?"
Brain Ball #2 says: "Correct."
Bender says: "Then I guess you learned a valuable lesson: Don't mess with Earth."
Brain Ball #1 says: "May you bounce in peace."
Bender says: "Get the hell off my planet."
[Cut to says: "Outside Brain Ball Headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The balls on the surface bounce and fly off the surface and away from the planet."
[Newspaper Headline says: ""War Over!"
[Newspaper Headline says: "Balls Thoroughly Licked!"
[Newspaper Headline says: "" There is a picture of a bruised Zapp giving the thumbs up."
[Scene says: "Planet Express: Farnsworth's Lab."
[Scene says: "Bender lies on a table and Farnsworth welds something in his chest cabinet."
[Scene says: "The other staff gather around watching."
Farnsworth says: "Well, that's it."
Farnsworth says: "Let's reactivate him."
Farnsworth says: "Wake up!"
He slaps Bender. Bender yawns and sits up.
Bender says: "Hey, chumps and chumpettes."
Bender says: "Did you get the bomb out?"
Bender says: "Can I go back to saying the word I love to say?"
Zoidberg says: "I'm sorry but we couldn't remove it."
Farnsworth says: "It's stuck in there with glue or something, I don't know."
Bender says: "Hey, I didn't blow up!"
Bender says: "Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass!"
Bender says: "Alright!"
Bender says: "I'm back in the saddle!"
Leela says: "We couldn't disarm the bomb so we reset the word that triggers it."
Amy says: "It's from the list of words you almost never say."
Bender says: "That's using your ass."
Bender says: "So, what's the word?"
Hermes says: "We think it's better if you don't know."
Bender says: "Oh, come on."
Bender says: "I'm not gonna say it."
Bender says: "Please?"
Bender says: "Ooh, is it "please"?"
Fry says: "No."
Bender says: "Hm, words I never say."
Bender says: "Oh, I know!"
Bender says: ""Thanks"!"
Leela says: "Bender, stop trying to destroy the world."
Bender says: "Wait, wait, wait, wait."
Bender says: "Is it "sorry"?"
Bender says: "No."
Bender says: ""Fun-derful"?"
Bender says: "Uh, "non-alcoholic"?"
Amy says: "Quit it!"
Fry says: "Bender!"
Hermes says: "Stop it, mon!"
Zoidberg says: "Enough already!"
[Cut to says: "Outside Planet Express."
Bender says: "I'm alright!"
Closing Credits.