[Opening Credits. Caption says: "Where No Fan Has Gone Before."
[Scene says: "In the establishing shot, Star Trek-like music plays and the Planet Express ship flies through space with the trademark warp nacelles featured in Star Trek attached to it."
Shatner says: "Shatner's log, airdate..."
Shatner says: "unknown."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Cut to says: "The room has been converted to resemble a courtroom."
[Cut to says: "Zapp Brannigan is judge and Bender and Leela sit with the heads in jars of William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, George Takei, Walter Koenig, DeForest Kelley and Nichelle Nichols."
Shatner says: "The impossible has happened."
Shatner says: "It would take days to recount the events I have witnessed."
Shatner says: "So, settle in."
Zapp says: "Quiet, you!"
Zapp says: "This court martial is now in session."
Zapp says: "The honourably sexy Zapp Brannigan residing."
Zapp says: "Bring in the accused."
Kif wheels in Fry in the wheelchair used by Captain Pike in the Star Trek episode The Menagerie. Fry looks paralysed. The heads gasp.
Takei says: "Oh, my!"
Zapp says: "Philip J."
Zapp says: "Fry, you stand accused of travelling to the forbidden planet, Omega 3, a crime punishable by 12 concurrent death sentences."
Zapp says: "Do you understand the charges?"
Kif leans over Fry's shoulder.
Kif says: "One beep for "yes", two beeps for "no"."
Fry beeps once.
Zapp says: ""Yes"."
Zapp says: "So noted."
Zapp says: "Do you plead guilty?"
Zapp says: "Double "yes"."
Zapp says: "Guilty!"
Zapp says: "I will now carry out the punishment."
Zapp says: "Kif, my gun."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "He pled "not guilty"."
Zapp says: "Order!"
Zapp says: "Order in the court!"
Zapp says: "Very well then, Mr."
Zapp says: "Fry."
Zapp says: "Please recount the events that led you to be guilty."
Fry beeps in Morse code.
Flashback. "A Few Days Earlier".
[Scene says: "Rent-A-Wreck Video."
[Scene says: "Fry, Leela, Bender and Zoidberg look at the videos on the shelves."
Leela says: "The Professor said he was taking a brief nap, so we only have time for six movies."
Bender scoops up some videos.
Bender says: "Let's take these six Jim Carrey movies and record over them."
Fry says: "You know what movies average out to be really good?"
Fry says: "The first six Star Trek movies!"
The staff gasp, a camera zooms in on Fry and other customers panic.
Clerk says: "Everybody hit the deck!"
Everybody falls to the floor.
Leela says: "Sh!"
Leela says: "Those words are forbidden!"
Fry says: "What words?"
Fry says: "Star Trek?"
A klaxon goes off and a red light flashes.
Leela says: "Sh!"
Zoidberg says: "Shut your gills!"
A siren is heard from outside.
Bender says: "That sound!"
Bender says: "It's patrol car 718!"
Bender says: "Hide him!"
Leela and Zoidberg grab Fry and stuff him in Bender's chest cabinet.
[Cut to says: "Outside Rent-A-Wreck Video."
[Cut to says: "Leela, Bender and Zoidberg leave as Smitty and URL pull up and run into the shop without noticing them."
Flashback ends.
[Fade to says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
[Fade to says: "Fry continues to beep."
Zapp says: "The court is intrigued."
Zapp says: "Perhaps we could hear more about these forbidden words from someone with a sexily seductive voice."
Nichols tries to speak but is interrupted.
Takei says: "With pleasure."
Takei says: "You see, the show was banned after the Star Trek wars."
Zapp says: "You mean the vast migration of Star Wars fans?"
Nichols says: "No, that was the Star Wars trek."
Nichols says: "By the 23rd century, Star Trek fandom had evolved from a loose association of nerds with skin problems into a full-blown religion."
On the screen, a service is held at the Church of Trek.
Priest says: "And Scotty beamed them to the Klingon ship where they would be no Tribble at all."
Congregation says: "All power to the engines."
Nichols says: "As country after country fell under its influence, world leaders became threatened by the movements power."
Nichols says: "And so the Trekkies were executed in the manner most befitting virgins."
On the rim of a volcano two men throw Trekkies into the flames.
Man says: "He's dead, Jim!"
Nichols says: "Finally, the sacred texts were banned."
The episodes are put inside a torpedo casing.
Takei says: "The last copies of the 79 episodes and six movies were dumped on the forbidden world, Omega 3, along with that blooper reel where the door doesn't close all the way."
[As he speaks says: "1999 fires the torpedo."
a ship that looks like an Eagle from Space says: "1999 fires the torpedo."
[As he speaks says: "It hits the planet like Spock's coffin in Star Trek: The Wrath Of Khan."
a ship that looks like an Eagle from Space says: "It hits the planet like Spock's coffin in Star Trek: The Wrath Of Khan."
[As he speaks says: "The video ends."
a ship that looks like an Eagle from Space says: "The video ends."
Nimoy says: "Thus, Star Trek was forever scoured from human memory."
Bender says: "Another classic science-fiction show cancelled before its time."
Zapp tuts.
Zapp says: "I've never heard of such a brutal and shocking injustice that I cared so little about."
Zapp says: "Next witness."
Kif says: "Bender the robot, please take the stand."
Fry steps out of the wheelchair, perfectly healthy.
Fry says: "She's all yours, buddy!"
Bender gets in.
Bender says: "I'd only met the defendant, Fry, once, but I knew he was up to no good."
Zapp says: "Please use the beeps."
Bender grumbles and complies.
Flashback.
[Fade to says: "Head Museum."
[Fade to says: "Fry runs into the 20th century room."
Fry says: "Mr."
Fry says: "Nimoy, I came as soon as I heard what happened centuries ago."
Fry says: "I can't believe your show was banned."
Nimoy says: "I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about."
A camera tracks Fry but he ignores it.
Fry says: "You know."
Fry says: "1966?"
Fry says: "79 episodes, about 30 good ones."
Nimoy says: "Oh, really, I've done too many things to remember one particular TV series."
Fry says: "Come on!"
Fry says: "Remember that episode where you got high on spores and smacked Kirk around?"
Nimoy says: "No."
Nimoy says: "Perhaps you're thinking of my one man show about Vincent van Spock-- Uh, uh, I mean van Gogh!"
Nimoy says: "Damn!"
Fry says: "Aha!"
Fry says: "You can't escape it!"
Nimoy says: "Oh, you're right, I can't."
Fry says: "Uh, jeez, don't get upset."
Nimoy says: "No, it's my fellow cast members."
Nimoy says: "300 years ago they left Earth behind."
Flashback ... again. On a launch pad, Star Trek cast members' heads in jars are loaded into a rocket.
Shatner says: "This planet doesn't appreciate us anymore, Leonard."
Nimoy says: "Bill, you are, and always shall be, my friend."
Nimoy says: "But I just signed a six-month lease on my apartment."
Nimoy says: "I can't walk away from a commitment like that."
Shatner says: "Very well, my friend."
His jar is loaded into the rocket and it blasts off, leaving Nimoy behind.
Flashback ends. Nimoy sobs.
Nimoy says: "Why did the world turn it's back on our obvious greatness?"
Fry says: "I'm literally angry with rage!"
Fry says: "Your co-stars may be gone but we can still get those episode tapes back for the whole world to see."
Fry says: "Come on!"
Nimoy says: "Oh!"
He grabs Nimoy's jar from the shelf, tucks it under his arm and runs out. Jonathan Frakes's jar hops forward.
Frakes says: "Yes!"
Frakes says: "Front row!"
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship is in the hangar and Fry starts to power it up."
Leela says: "You can't go to Omega 3; it's forbidden!"
Leela says: "I forbid you!"
Fry says: "But we have to!"
Fry says: "The world needs Star Trek to give people hope for the future."
Leela says: "But it's set 800 years in the past!"
Bender says: "Yeah, why is this so important to you?"
Fry says: "'Cause it-it taught me so much."
Fry says: "Like how you should accept people, whether they be black, white, Klingon or even female."
Fry says: "But most importantly, when I didn't have any friends, it made me feel like maybe I did."
Leela says: "Well, that is touchingly pathetic."
Leela says: "I guess I can't let you go alone."
Bender says: "I'll go too, with Leonard's permission, of course."
Nimoy nods.
[Scene says: "The ship flies into a solar system."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "We're entering the Omega system."
An alarm goes off.
Computer Voice says: "Warning: You are now in forbidden space."
Bender says: "Forbidden shmer-shmidden!"
Bender says: "What are they gonna do, write a letter?"
Bender says: "Ooh, I'm so scared!"
The ship shakes and another alarms goes off.
Leela says: "I've lost control of the ship!"
Bender panics.
[Cut to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Cut to says: "The ship hits the surface, flips over and lands upside-down."
[Cut to says: "The crew get out, Fry carrying Nimoy."
[Cut to says: "Bender lights a cigar and Leela gasps."
Fry says: "Oh, dip!"
Nimoy says: "Dip, indeed!"
They look around in amazement. There are Star Trek props and sets everywhere.
Fry says: "It's all stuff from that forbidden show."
Nimoy says: "So many cardboard sets, so many memories."
Shatner says: "I guess that's my cue."
He steps out of the "Guardian of Forever" prop with a body and wearing a yellow Star Trek uniform.
Nimoy says: "Bill!"
Shatner says: "L-Dog!"
Nimoy says: "Hey!"
Nimoy says: "This is wonderful!"
Shatner says: "Oh, man."
Nimoy says: "I feel like hugging you."
Shatner says: "Well I would except you have no body!"
Shatner says: "And we're both men."
Nichelle Nichols steps out, also with a body. She is followed by the other actors.
Nimoy says: "Nichelle!"
Nimoy says: "George!"
Nimoy says: "Walter!"
Nimoy says: "DeForest!"
Nimoy says: "Welshie!"
Fry says: "Welshie?"
Nichols says: "We did some musical reunion specials in the 2200's but the guy who played Scotty had trouble yodelling."
Takei says: "Ever since then, Welshie has been a welcome participant in our escapades."
Welshie says something in Welsh.
Fry says: "I can't believe it!"
Fry says: "How'd you all end up here?"
Shatner says: "We were on our way to Welshie's cousin's house to stay in the guest room when our ship was pulled down to this planet and crashed, just like yours."
Koenig says: "When we woke up, we had these bodies."
Fry says: "Say it in Russian!"
Koenig sighs.
Koenig says: "Ven vee voke up vee had these wodies."
Fry squeals.
Fry says: "Now say "nuclear wessels"!"
Koenig says: "No!"
Takei says: "You'll love it here."
Takei says: "Everything is provided for us, and we never age."
Takei says: "Check out these abs!"
He rips his shirt revealing his body.
Bender says: "Yowza!"
Leela says: "But who's doing all this for you?"
Shatner says: "You know, we never thought about it."
Shatner says: "We're famous celebrities -- we're used to this sort of treatment."
A deep, booming voice interrupts them.
Melllvar says: "It is I!"
Everyone gasps and looks up. Above them is a hovering, green cloud.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Bender says: "What a cheesy effect!"
Melllvar says: "I am not an effect!"
Melllvar says: "You doubt my power?"
Bender says: "I do."
Melllvar zaps Welshie with a bolt of lightning and he falls over.
Welshie says: "Aye!"
Fry runs to him and holds him.
Fry says: "Welshie!"
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
Zapp says: "This court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court's ex-lover, Turanga Leela."
Leela is already in the wheelchair.
Leela says: "Go  yourself."
She beeps.
Flashback.
[Fade to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Fade to says: "The flashback continues from earlier."
Melllvar says: "Behold another power, different from the one you saw earlier."
Melllvar floats over Nimoy's jar and gives him a body and a blue uniform.
Nimoy says: "Hey, a body!"
Nimoy says: "Buff, tan."
Nimoy says: "Yeah, this is mine, alright!"
Fry says: "Alright, you gas, what's the deal?"
Melllvar says: "Centuries ago, the videotaped adventures of the Enterprise crew rained down upon my planet."
Melllvar says: "Over and over, I watched them."
Melllvar says: "Especially the five with the energy beings."
Melllvar says: "I am Melllvar!"
Melllvar says: "Seer of the tapes, knower of the episodes!"
Melllvar says: "Tremble before my encyclopaedic knowledge of Star Trek!"
Fry says: "Tremble?"
Fry says: "I laugh."
Fry says: "Nobody knows more about Star Trek than me!"
Melllvar says: "I beg to differ."
Melllvar says: "Long have I waited for the one who played Spock."
Melllvar says: "At last, we can begin."
A banner reading "Welcome To Trekfest 3002" appears behind him, hanging from a prop.
Fry says: "Cool!"
Fry says: "A Star Trek convention!"
Nimoy says: "Uh, Melllvar, can you give us some idea of how long this is going to last?"
Melllvar says: "Until time stops."
Leela says: "What?"
Shatner says: "He can't do this!"
Nimoy says: "You can't be serious!"
Bender says: "Uh, can people who hate Star Trek leave?"
Koenig says: "Good question!"
Melllvar says: "No, you have to stay even longer."
Bender and Koenig groan.
Time Lapse. The actors sit at a long table for autographs. Nimoy snores. Melllvar gets Takei's autograph and Fry stands behind him, nervous.
Melllvar says: "Um, uh, sign it to Melllvar."
Melllvar says: ""Melllvar" has three "L's"."
Takei says: "I think I've done enough conventions to know how to spell "Melllvar"."
Time Lapse. The cast and Melllvar stand in front of a backdrop having their photo taken by Bender.
Bender says: "Say "nerd"!"
All says: "Nerd!"
Time Lapse. Shatner is on stage and spoken-words Eminem's The Real Slim Shady.
Yes, I'm the real Shady,.
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating,.
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,.
Please stand up,.
Please stand up.
Koenig says: "How can you do a spoken-word version of a rap song?"
Melllvar says: "He found a way."
Time Lapse. Fry and Melllvar play "Ambassador Sarek's Trivia Challenge" with Leela as question master. Fry has 500 points and Melllvar has 300.
Leela says: "For one hundred quatloos: Who did the captain maroon on Ceti Alpha V?"
Shatner leaps up.
Shatner says: "Khaaan!"
Fry buzzes.
Fry says: "Uh..."
Fry says: "Khan?"
Leela says: "Correct."
Fry's score goes up to 600.
Melllvar says: "My button has broken."
Melllvar says: "The trivia contest has ended."
Melllvar says: "I-I now have a surprise."
Melllvar says: "You will perform a fan script, written by the ultimate Trek fan."
Fry says: "You have my fan script?"
Melllvar says: "I meant me!"
Melllvar says: "Melllvar is the ultimate fan!"
Fry says: "Oh, I was confused because the scoreboard says something different."
Melllvar growls.
Melllvar says: "Trivia contest over!"
Melllvar says: "Take your scripts!"
Melllvar says: "We have limited rehearsal time."
Melllvar says: "Now, I didn't make enough copies of the script, so George and Walter will have to share."
Takei reluctantly shares.
Leela says: "Uh, you probably don't want us to see you rehearsing, or it'll give away the ending."
Melllvar says: "That's right!"
Melllvar says: "The ending must not be ruined."
Leela says: "We'll go wait in the ship."
Melllvar says: "OK."
Fry says: "Not till I get my 600 quatloos!"
Leela and Bender grab Fry and pull him away.
[Scene says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from the planet."
Fry says: "This is wrong."
Fry says: "We shouldn't have abandoned them there."
Bender says: "I dunno, I'm feeling pretty good about it."
Leela says: "I didn't wanna leave them either, Fry, but what are we supposed to do?"
Fry says: "Well, usually on the show someone would come up with a complicated plan then explain it with a simple analogy."
Leela says: "Hmm."
Leela says: "If we can re-route engine power through the primary weapons and reconfigure them to Melllvar's frequency, that should overload his electro-quantum structure."
Bender says: "Like putting too much air in a balloon!"
Fry says: "Of course!"
Fry says: "It's so simple!"
[Scene says: "The ship turns around and heads back to the planet."
[Scene says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Scene says: "The cast are on the set of the Enterprise bridge rehearsing with their scripts."
Shatner says: "Oh, Lord!"
Nimoy says: "Fascinating, Captain, and logical too, that we need some help."
Takei says: "Look, Captain, Melllvar will help us."
He turns around and points to the door. It eventually opens and Melllvar floats through.
Koenig says: "Keptin, I wope he will welp our..."
Koenig says: "vessel."
Melllvar says: "Wessel!"
Melllvar says: "You're not acting hard enough!"
Nimoy says: "Melllvar, you have to respect your actors."
Nimoy says: "When I directed Star Trek IV I got a magnificent performance out of Bill because I respected him so much."
Shatner says: "And when I directed Star Trek V I got a magnificent performance out of me, because I respected me so much!"
The other actors roll their eyes.
[Scene says: "Ships Jeffries Tube."
[Scene says: "Bender welds something in the Planet Express ships equivalent to Scotty's tube."
Bender says: "OK!"
Bender says: "I'm done re-kafoobling the energy motron..."
Bender says: "or whatever."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "Fire!"
She pauses then presses the "FIRE!" button on the control panel herself.
[Scene says: "Orange phaser beams diverge from the ship."
[Cut to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Cut to says: "The fan script performance continues."
Nichols says: "Hey, you wrote it!"
Melllvar grows and the actors step backwards.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The ship shakes."
[Cut to says: "Fry gets the obligatory console exploding in his face like in Star Trek."
[Cut to says: "Smoke comes out of machinery and sparks fly."
Leela says: "It's not working!"
Leela says: "He's drawing straight from our weapons."
Fry says: "Like a balloon and..."
Fry says: "something bad happens."
[Scene says: "Melllvar turns into a giant, green hand à la Apollo in the Star Trek episode Who Mourns For Adonis?"
[Scene says: "."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Fry and Leela scream."
[Scene says: "The ship backs away but the hand grabs and pulls it back down to the planet."
[Cut to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Cut to says: "The ship crashes and the engine falls off."
[Cut to says: "The crew crawl out from underneath."
Bender says: "Yup!"
Melllvar and the Star Trek actors are nearby.
Leela says: "So, uh, how's rehearsal going?"
Melllvar says: "Lousy."
Melllvar says: "Here I've been admiring a bunch of actors while you, a crew of genuine space heroes, risked your lives to save them."
Nimoy says: "Hey!"
Nimoy says: "We've done heroic things too."
Nichols says: "Yeah!"
Nichols says: "In the third season I kissed Shatner!"
Melllvar says: "Silence!"
Melllvar says: "My whole world has turned upside-down."
Melllvar says: "I have but one option."
Koenig says: "Keep them and let us go?"
Melllvar says: "No!"
Melllvar says: "To determine who is more worthy of my fanatical devotion I shall pit you together against each other in armed combat..."
Melllvar says: "to the death!"
Everyone gasps.
Bender says: "Where'd you get an idiotic idea like that?"
Melllvar says: "Episodes 19, 46, 56 and 77."
Fry says: "Great list."
Fry says: "Except, you forgot episode 66!"
He chuckles.
Melllvar says: "I was getting to that one!"
He zaps Welshie's corpse and it explodes.
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
Zapp says: "So Melllvar ordered a battle to the death."
Zapp says: "I assume no one survived."
Leela sighs.
Leela says: "Can we get on with this?"
Leela says: "My foot's getting tired!"
Flashback.
[Fade to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
Melllvar says: "This will be your standard battle to the death."
Melllvar says: "The only weapons: Whatever you can find."
Melllvar says: "But I warn you, do nothing until I have signalled the start of combat."
Melllvar says: "OK, start."
The Star Trek cast and Planet Express crew run off in different directions.
Time Lapse. The actors hide behind a covered wagon on a Western set. A tumbleweed blows by. Shatner rips his shirt.
Koenig says: "I don't have much experience at fighting -- except with you guys."
Shatner says: "I have an idea."
Shatner says: "Wasn't there an episode where I threw my shoe at the enemy?"
Nimoy says: "You mean Doohan?"
They both laugh and high-five.
Shatner says: "Whoever it was, I did it like this."
He takes a boot off and throws it at Takei's face.
Takei says: "Ow!"
Shatner hops.
Shatner says: "My foot's cold!"
By the "Guardian of Forever" prop, Leela drops a pile of sticks next to Fry.
Leela says: "There."
Leela says: "We can make these into spears."
Fry says: "And we can tie these caterpillars together to make bow strings for bows and arrows."
Bender says: "And we can use this machine gun to shoot them!"
Bender says: "Yee-haw!"
Bender says: "That was fun!"
On a rock-face, the actors separate. Shatner, Nichols and Takei remain. Shatner holds a bamboo stick.
Nichols says: "What if I distract them with my famous fan dance?"
Shatner says: "Oh, that's good, good, good, good."
Shatner says: "And then, George, you give them a karate chop!"
Takei says: "I find that offensive."
Takei says: "Just because I'm of Japanese ancestry you assume I know karate."
Takei says: "Have I ever led you to believe I've studied karate?"
Shatner says: "Well, no, but you never talk about yourself."
Takei says: "Maybe if you showed a little interest."
Elsewhere, Fry tries out his bow and arrow.
Fry says: "Well, here goes nothing."
He tries to fire the arrow but the bow breaks and the caterpillars crawl all over his face. He falls over. Nichols appears from behind some rocks and does the fan dance.
Nichols says: "Hello, boys!"
She dances. Bender zooms in.
Bender says: "Whoa!"
Takei sneaks up behind him and chops him on the shoulder.
Takei says: "Hi-yah!"
Bender screams. On a cliff, Leela and Shatner edge their way around a rock, facing opposite directions. They bump into each other and turn around. Leela screams and Shatner gasps.
Shatner says: "There's no right way to hit a woman."
Leela says: "Then do it the wrong way."
Shatner says: "Fine."
Shatner says: "Yah!"
He kicks her and knocks her down. She gets back up.
Leela says: "Is that all you've got?"
Leela says: "Hi-yah!"
She does a roundhouse on him and hits him in the eye. He groans and raises his fists, ready to hit her.
Leela hits him in the face. He hits back and she dodges his punch and kicks him in the chest. He flies back and hits the ground. She jumps on him and repeatedly hits him in the face. Fry fights DeForest Kelley while Bender takes on Nimoy, Koenig and Takei.
Bender says: "Come on, Walter!"
Nimoy says: "Take that!"
He hits Bender with a stick. Fry pushes Kelley away and Nichols cartwheels onto him, yelling. She locks his head between her thighs and pulls his hair.
Fry says: "It hurts!"
Nimoy says: "Let's see if this actually works!"
Nimoy says: "Ow!"
Nimoy says: "Ow!"
Nimoy says: "Ow!"
Koenig says: "My face!"
Takei says: "Ow!"
Takei says: "My face too!"
Shatner and Leela are both down. Shatner gets up and offers her his hand.
Shatner says: "May I?"
Shatner says: "Oh!"
She picks up a rock and holds it over him.
Melllvar says: "Excellent!"
Melllvar says: "Excellent!"
Shatner holds out his hand.
Shatner says: "Leela, please."
Shatner says: "This is exactly what Melllvar wants."
Shatner says: "We're just pawns in his diabolical game of checkers."
Shatner says: "Can't we resolve our differences some other way?"
A bigger pink energy cloud wearing ugly glasses appears next to Melllvar.
Melllvar's Mother says: "Melllvar!"
Melllvar's Mother says: "Dinner time!"
Melllvar says: "Aw, but Mom, I'm playing with my collectables!"
Melllvar's Mother says: "Now!"
Melllvar groans and disappears.
Fry says: "All this time we thought he was a powerful super-being, yet he was just a child."
Melllvar's Mother says: "He's not a child, he's 34!"
She disappears.
Bender says: "Alright, Koenig, I've wanted to do this for years!"
He grabs him by his shirt and holds up his fist. Fry grabs his arm.
Fry says: "Bender, wait!"
Fry says: "This is our chance to escape, before Melllvar comes back."
Fry says: "But we all need to work together."
Time Lapse. They run onto the cliff and find Leela and Shatner making out. Shatner rubs Leela's back.
Shatner says: "I love you so much!"
Nimoy clears his throat.
Nimoy says: "Hello?"
They both look up.
Fry says: "We've decided to work together."
Nimoy says: "Uh, so did they."
Shatner gets up and elbows Nimoy.
Shatner says: "Now, how do we escape?"
Leela says: "We can't use our ship; we have life support but the engines are wrecked."
Takei says: "Ironic, because our engines work but our life support systems don't."
Fry says: "Stop!"
Fry says: "You're just goin' around in circles!"
Fry says: "Think, Fry, think!"
Fry says: "Everyone's depending on you."
Time Lapse. Takei and Leela finish welding warp nacelles onto the hull of the Planet Express ship.
Time Lapse. The ship takes off but stalls and falls.
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "We're too heavy."
Leela says: "You guys need to lose some weight, fast!"
[Cut to says: "Omega 3 Surface."
[Cut to says: "The side door of the ship opens and the decapitated bodies of the Star Trek cast are thrown out."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "The actors heads are in jars."
[Cut to says: "Fry wheels in the video case."
Fry says: "Look, Leonard, we're light enough to keep the tapes!"
Fry says: "Isn't that great?"
Nimoy says: "I'm living in a gefilte fish jar."
[Scene says: "The ship flies away from the planet."
Fry says: "We did it!"
Everyone cheers.
[Scene says: "Behind the ship, another ship de-cloaks."
[Scene says: "There is the sound of Melllvar laughing and the ship shoots at the Planet Express ship."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Fry says: "Melllvar's got a spaceship!"
Melllvar says: "Yes, in mint condition."
Melllvar says: "And you made me take it out of the package!"
[Scene says: "He shoots at them some more."
[Scene says: "The ship approaches a familiar ship."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
Leela says: "The Nimbus!"
Leela says: "We're saved!"
A screen comes down from above Leela's head.
Zapp says: "You're under arrest."
Zapp says: "Prepare to be boarded."
Flashback ends.
[Scene says: "Ships Cargo Bay."
Zapp says: "So I boarded you, eh?"
Zapp says: "What happened next?"
Leela says: "You started this stupid court martial."
Leela says: "Now if you don't mind, we're still fighting Melllvar!"
[Scene says: "Melllvar strafes the ship."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Everyone runs in."
[Scene says: "Leela turns the ship around, back the way they came."
[Scene says: "Melllvar follows, shooting more."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cockpit."
[Cut to says: "Everyone falls over."
Leela says: "One more hit and we're done for!"
Takei says: "Let's take 'em out with us."
Takei says: "Do you guys have a self-destruct code?"
Bender's head explodes, leaving some wires, coils and his mouth poking out of his body.
Bender says: "Thanks a lot, Takei, now everybody knows!"
Melllvar says: "If I can't have the original cast of Star Trek, no one will!"
Melllvar says: "Prepare to die!"
Fry says: "Wait!"
Fry says: "If they mean that much to you, why do you wanna kill them?"
Melllvar says: "Because I..."
Melllvar says: "I..."
Melllvar says: "I dunno what I'd do without them."
Fry says: "Melllvar, you can't let a TV show be your whole life."
Fry says: "You can do anything you want."
Fry says: "Look at Walter Koenig: After Star Trek, he became an actor."
Koenig says: "Not just an actor, but a well-rounded person, with my own friends and credit cards and keys."
Melllvar says: "Well, I guess I could move out of my parents' basement..."
Melllvar says: "maybe get a temp job."
Fry says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Fry says: "One step at a time."
Melllvar says: "I thank you, Fry."
Melllvar says: "You know, you and I are of a kind."
Melllvar says: "In a different reality I could have called you "friend"."
Fry says: "Episode 10, Balance of Terror."
Melllvar says: "More like episode nine, loser!"
Melllvar says: "In your face!"
Melllvar says: "Victory is mine!"
[Scene says: "He turns his ship around and flies away, laughing."
[Cut to says: "Ships Cokpit."
Shatner says: "I wonder, my friends, was he really such an evil energy gas?"
Nichols says: "He did give us eternal youth."
Koenig says: "24-hour Laundromat."
Takei says: "A full assortment of rum, both spiced and regular."
Nimoy says: "Truly, it was a paradise."
Fry says: "And all you had to put up with was one really annoying Star Trek fan."
The heads catch on.
Shatner says: "Let's get the hell outta here!"
[Scene says: "The ship flies away like at the end of every Star Trek episode."
Closing Credits. A pseudo-Star Trek theme plays over stills from the episode. An additional shot of Kif comes up, parodying the shot from the Star Trek episode The Corbomite Manoeuvre.