[Scene says: "Outside Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium, day."
[Scene says: "The ground is perforated from the inside by a large drill with a hovercab attached to it."
[Scene says: "The door of the hovercab is opened by Leela."
[Scene says: "Leela comes out and closes the door."
[Scene says: "The hovercab perforates the ground again, leaving."
[Scene says: "Leela walks up to the door of the Orphanarium."
[Cut to says: "Inside a room."
[Cut to says: "We see a glass, three windows, an empty shelf, three pipes, a lamp, a painting surface, and eight orphans, including Nina, Sam, and Albert, who are playing."
[Cut to says: "The camera pans over to the door, revealing an empty shelf that is smaller than the first one."
Albert says: "I got one!"
The door is opened by Warden Vogel. Warden Vogel enters with a sign reading PUBLIC DOMAIN STORY TIME in his right hand.
Warden Vogel says: "Okay, kids."
Warden Vogel says: "Put away the dust motes 'til tomorrow."
Warden Vogel says: "Today's storyteller is a space captain who grew up right here at the Orphanarium."
Warden Vogel says: "Welcome back the bedwetter of building D, Turanga Leela!"
Warden Vogel points at the door with his left hand. The door is opened by Leela. Leela enters. The orphans applaud.
Leela says: "Hi, kids!"
Leela says: "What book would you like me to read first?"
Albert says: "We don't got books no more."
Albert stands up and points at the first empty shelf.
Leela says: "What?"
Warden Vogel says: "He means any more."
Warden Vogel says: "Look, sometimes you gotta choose between eatin' and reading."
Warden Vogel says: "So they ate the books."
Warden Vogel says: "Just..."
Warden Vogel says: "Make somethin' up!"
Leela says: "Make something up?"
Leela says: "Um..."
Leela says: "Okay."
Leela says: "Once upon a time, there was a..."
Leela says: "A..."
Sally raises her hand.
Sally says: "Princess?"
Leela points at Sally.
Leela says: "Yes!"
Leela says: "That!"
Leela says: "A..."
Leela says: "One-eyed princess in a long, flowing..."
Leela says: "Tank top."
Leela says: "And she lived in a magical, one-room..."
Sally raises her hand.
Sally says: "Castle?"
Leela says: "Yeah."
Leela says: "If you believe the listing agent."
Leela says: "Anyhow, one day, the princess went off to..."
Leela says: "Uh..."
Leela says: "Tell a story!"
Leela says: "And, then, that's exactly what she did do that."
Leela says: "And they all lived happily ever after."
Leela says: "The end."
Albert raises his hand.
Albert says: "Miss Leela?"
Albert says: "I have a question!"
Leela says: "Yes, Albert?"
Albert says: "That story was bad."
Leela turns her head from side to side.
Leela says: "That's not really a question."
Albert turns his head from side to side.
Albert says: "That wasn't really a story."
Leela stands up, lifting up the small chair.
Leela says: "But I promise: I'll make up a better story and come back again."
Sally turns her head from side to side.
Sally says: "Please don't..."
Leela says: "See you soon!"
Leela waves and leaves.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Scene says: "A green hoverlorry and a pink hovercar pass by."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express conference room."
[Cut to says: "Leela is sitting at the conference table."
[Cut to says: "A writing pad and a can of Diet Slurm are in front of her."
Leela says: "I'm sure I've got a great kids' story in me."
Leela says: "I just need to think of three of some kind of animal."
Leela says: "Concentrate, Leela!"
Leela says: "Concentrate!"
Leela says: "Fry, I'm writing here!"
Leela says: "Do you have to play that?"
Fry stops playing.
Fry says: "It's the only song I know."
Fry shrugs. Zoidberg enters with each foot in an open can.
Zoidberg says: "Look, friends!"
Zoidberg says: "I accidentally learned to tap-dance!"
Zoidberg begins tap-dancing. Fry resumes playing "When the Saints Go Marching In" with his trombone.
Leela says: "Zoidberg, I'm trying to—"
[Leela is interrupted by a beeping sound. A clock on the wall reads 04 says: "21."
[Leela is interrupted by a beeping sound. A clock on the wall reads 04 says: "The camera zooms out, revealing Hermes."
Hermes says: "Time for my four-twenty-one daiquiri!"
Hermes pours liquid from a bottle labelled RUM into a grinder that he has opened, closes the grinder, presses a button on the grinder, and the grinder starts. The camera pans over to Bender. Bender has just entered.
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "Guys!"
Bender says: "Guess who just got commissioned as a tugboat!"
Bender blows a whistle twice as his head pops open, letting a puff of steam out. The camera pans over to Amy. Amy has just entered and is holding a hovering pachinko machine.
Amy says: "Oh, yeah!"
Amy says: "Pachinko break!"
Amy begins playing.
Pachinko machine says: "Tokyo crazy balls!"
Pachinko machine says: "Yes!"
Leela rests her head. Professor Farnsworth walks up to her.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Ooh, good, Leela."
Professor Farnsworth says: "You're here."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Maybe it's too much albumin because of gravity..."
Leela uncovers her ears, grunts, looks up, and raises her arms.
Leela says: "Even if I had a pen, I couldn't write under these conditions."
Leela says: "I'm going to some other planet, where I can concentrate."
Leela leaves.
Professor Farnsworth says: "Searing, searing pain that feels as if it were in a vice."
Amy, Fry, Hermes, Zoidberg, Bender, and Professor Farnsworth continue their activities, but are attacked by wind. The wind is caused by the leaving Planet Express ship.
Bender says: "Well, that was rude."
Bender blows the whistle once as his head pops open, letting a puff of steam out.
[Scene says: "Outside Cookieville Minimum-Security Orphanarium."
[Cut to says: "Inside an office."
[Cut to says: "The walls display a bulletin board and a frame above which there seems to be a note."
[Cut to says: "A potted plant and a clock are on top of a filing cabinet with four drawers."
[Cut to says: "Warden Vogel is sitting at a desk, on which there is a computer and a lamp, looking at the computer."
[Cut to says: "A trash bin is between the filing cabinet and the desk."
[Cut to says: "Leela enters with a folded piece of cardboard in her hands."
Leela says: "Warden Vogel, I have a new story for the children."
Leela says: "I'm sure they'll like it more than my last one."
Warden Vogel says: "They liked hunger cramps more than your last one."
Warden Vogel says: "Anyhow, you'll have to wait."
Warden Vogel says: "The kids are busy right now."
Leela says: "Oh."
Leela says: "Is the organ-harvesting clown here?"
Warden Vogel says: "Nah."
Warden Vogel says: "Rusty comes on Tuesdays now."
Warden Vogel says: "Today, it's the owner of the Tickelodeon Kids Network."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "A device with rabbit ears and eyes is wired to a television set, which is on top of a third shelf with four wheels sustaining a mask and a suit."
[Cut to says: "Behind it is the second shelf."
[Cut to says: "Abner Doubledeal is standing up, resting his left hand on the television set, which is to his left."
[Cut to says: "Seven children, including Albert and Nina, can be seen in front of him, sitting on the floor."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Okay, kids."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Get ready to be subjected to our new Fall shows!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Mr."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Funny Bunny here will gauge your reaction by bombarding your brains with harmless snuggle rays."
Abner Doubledeal puts on the mask and the suit and turns a dial on the device's back, producing noise and light. The children stare.
Albert says: "He gives me a nice, warm feeling in my eyeballs!"
The television is turned on and zooms in and out on a building with a bell and a sign reading ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.
[Cut to says: "The elementary school."
[Cut to says: "Shots of a little boy and a little girl swing-riding, the bell, a little girl floor-sliding, and a turning hopscotch court are shown."
[Cut to says: "The title card POPULAR SLUT CLUB appears on the screen."
Male voice #1 says: "Popular Slut Club."
A hovercar resembling both a limousine and a cab with SCHOOL LIMO painted on its door arrives at the elementary school. A STOP sign is turned to the road. The door is opened and two little girls come out.
Little girl #1 says: "Oh, my God!"
Little girl #1 says: "I wish he wasn't my brother."
The title card POPULAR SLUT CLUB appears on the screen again.
Male voice #1 says: "Popular Slut Club."
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Eleven children can be seen now."
[Cut to says: "They look hypnotised."
[Cut to says: "Abner Doubledeal is holding a pad labelled FUN-O-GRAPH with a changing graph on it and presses the remote."
[Cut to says: "Street."
[Cut to says: "A car is parked in front of a drive-through menu."
[Cut to says: "A flaming hamburger is flying around the menu."
Male voice #2 says: "Look!"
Male voice #2 says: "Up on the drive-through menu!"
Male voice #2 says: "It's Captain Mega Meat and his young ward Bottomless Boy!"
The hamburger, which has a face, limbs, and a cape, lands on the menu. A soda cup, which, too, has a face, limbs, and a cape, lands to its left. The title card CAPTAIN MEGA MEAT AND BOTTOMLESS BOY appears on the screen.
Bottomless Boy says: "Hurry, Captain!"
Bottomless Boy says: "A skinny kid needs our help!"
Captain Mega Meat says: "Supersize me!"
Captain Mega Meat is hit by lightning and is enlarged. The same happens to Bottomless Boy. Bottomless Boy burps.
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "Abner Doubledeal presses the remote again."
[Cut to says: "Inside an arena."
[Cut to says: "The crowd is cheering."
[Cut to says: "A brown-haired toddler and a blond toddler approach a crib serving as a ring."
[Cut to says: "The shirt of one of the men in the crowd reads MOON."
Male voice #3 says: "From the "Rowdy" Roddy Piper daycare centre in Glasgow, Scotland, it's Extreme Toddler Wrestling!"
The title card EXTREME TODDLER WRESTLING appears on the screen. Each toddler is put in the crib by an adult. The brown-haired toddler punches the blond toddler in the nose, picks up a folding high-chair, and uses it to repeatedly slam him, making him fall, and hit him on the buttocks. The television is turned off.
[Cut to says: "Inside the room."
[Cut to says: "The painting surface and a stool are there."
[Cut to says: "Twelve children, including Sally and Sam, can be seen this time."
[Cut to says: "Warden Vogel is now present as well."
[Cut to says: "Abner Doubledeal takes off the mask and the suit and puts them back on the shelf as the orphans applaud."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Thanks for the brain scans, kids."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Don't have any children for the next couple of days."
Warden Vogel walks up to the orphans.
Warden Vogel says: "Alright, boys and girls."
Warden Vogel says: "Enough fun!"
Warden Vogel says: "Your old friend Leela is back with a brand-new story!"
Warden Vogel points to the door with his left hand. The camera pans over to the door as it is opened by Leela. Leela enters with the folded piece of cardboard, three small creatures in cardboard, and a mini-piano in her hands. The first creature is red, the second is blue, and the third is purple.
Leela says: "Hi!"
Leela says: "It's great to be back."
Leela says: "I think you'll enjoy this one."
The orphans sound sad.
Sally says: "Please!"
Sally says: "Can't we just get our organs harvested?"
Leela says: "It's about some cute, little creatures from a land called Rumbledy-Hump."
And laugh and learn and smile and think and other happy things.
The piano stops playing. The orphans look at Leela in doubt. Leela looks at them in the same way. The orphans start cheering. Leela is surprised. Albert stands up and walks up to Leela.
Albert says: "Say more things like that!"
The other orphans stand up and walk up to Leela.
Leela says: "Okey-doke."
Leela says: "One sunny, funny day, there was an unfamiliar visitor in Rumbledy-Hump."
Time lapse. The orphans are sitting on the floor.
The piano stops playing. The orphans start cheering. Leela crosses her arms and starts smiling.
Sally says: "Wow!"
Sally says: "I can't believe you imaginated all that stuff!"
Sally raises her right hand.
Nina says: "Will you come back again and tell us more stories and also adopt us all?"
Leela says: "Of course I'll tell you more stories."
Leela says: "I'll go think some up right now."
The orphans and Warden Vogel look at Leela in contentment as she leaves. Behind the glass are Abner Doubledeal and Mr. Funny Bunny. Abner Doubledeal lifts up his mask and looks at his pad. The pad is beeping and showing a graph.
Abner Doubledeal says: "Holy moly!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Lady, you don't know me, but my name is Abner Doubledeal."
Abner Doubledeal points at himself.
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "I know you!"
Leela says: "You're Abner Doubledeal!"
Leela points at Abner Doubledeal.
Abner Doubledeal says: "I brain-scanned those little nose-pickers during your story."
Abner Doubledeal says: "And, sister, their enjoyment glands were squirtin' like Broadway roadkill!"
Abner Doubledeal holds up his pad and points at it.
Leela says: "They were?!"
Leela says: "!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Say, you seem like a smart mark."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Supercuts coupon."
Abner Doubledeal hands Leela the piece of paper.
Leela says: "Don't I need a degree to write gibberish for toddlers?"
Sally, Nina, and Albert walk up to Leela.
Nina says: "Come on, Miss Leela!"
Nina says: "Don't be a fraidy cat like Feffernoose!"
Leela shrugs.
Leela says: "Okay."
Leela says: "I'll do it!"
Leela says: "If you just luck out hard enough."
Leela grabs the pen and writes a Z on the piece of paper. Abner Doubledeal puts the piece of paper back in his jacket.
Abner Doubledeal says: "I'm gonna need that pen back."
Leela looks poorly impressed.
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express building."
[Cut to says: "A TV set."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy and Hermes are putting costumes on."
Hermes says: "Working on a real TV show is so exciting!"
Hermes says: "I'm on a mostly natural high!"
Amy says: "These costumes are gonna make it hard to go to the bathroom."
Fry says: "I'm not havin' any problem."
Abner Doubledeal says: "We're shooting in five minutes and this Leela broad hasn't even delivered a script yet!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Sweet Zombie Jesus!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Like it's not hard enough to make a freakin' TV show for under fifty bucks!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Damn it, I'll call you back, grandma."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Nice of you to show up, toots."
Abner Doubledeal says: "I mean that sincerely."
Abner Doubledeal says: "It's just that I'm in show biz."
Leela says: "Sorry."
Leela says: "I went to my quiet place to write."
Leela says: "Here's the script."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Argh!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "You writers make me sick."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Nice job on the script, though."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Places, everyone."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Okay."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Cheap lights."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Off-brand camera."
Abner Doubledeal says: "And non-union action!"
Fry says: "I like ice cream."
Fry says: "And I like lollipops."
Fry says: "And I like you, Princess Num Num."
Amy says: "Ew!"
Amy says: "I'm all licky-sticky!"
Fry says: "I don't understand."
Fry says: "When I like something, I lick it."
Fry says: "Like this raccoon."
Leela says: "Doingg!"
Leela says: "Don't lick things that don't wanna be licked."
Fry says: "But how do I know what to lick and what not to lick?"
Leela says: "If it's alive, don't lick it."
Zoidberg says: "Like a horse, a turtle, or a cricket."
Bender says: "I like turtles."
Poke it with a stick and lick the stick instead.
Fry says: "Now I get it!"
Zoidberg says: "Ow!"
Leela says: "Well, that's all for today."
Leela says: "But, before we go, let's do everything we just did two more times."
[Cut to says: "The employee lounge."
[Cut to says: "Bender, Hermes, Fry, Zoidberg, Amy and Leela are watching the TV show."
Bender says: "Leela, that was great!"
Bender says: "Even I have to admire the performance of me, Bender!"
Amy says: "The show looks so cute."
Amy says: "Kids'll love it!"
Amy says: "And it looks so cruddy, their ironic hipster parents will love it."
Leela says: "Thanks, guys."
Leela says: "But let's be realistic."
Leela says: "We all know any TV show that's even slightly good gets cancelled."
Leela says: "Sometimes, two or three times."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Leela!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Tomorrow's ratings just came in from the future."
Abner Doubledeal says: "We're a hit!"
Leela says: "What?!"
Leela says: "!"
Leela says: "My show is a hit?!"
Leela says: "!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "What are you, deaf?"
Abner Doubledeal says: "It's gonna be bigger than SpongeBot SquareBolts!"
SpongeBot SquareBolts says: "I interfere with pacemakers!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Baby, I hope you like drowning in caviar."
Abner Doubledeal says: "'Cause that is how you're gonna die!"
Montage.
[Scene says: "the Young People's Choice Awards theater."
Calculon says: "Welcome back to the Young People's Choice Awards."
Calculon says: "In a moment, the award for Outstanding Sext Message."
Calculon says: "But, first, the nominees for Best New Kids' Show are..."
Calculon says: "Yo Gimme Gimme!"
Calculon says: ", The Adventures of Pit-Bull and Scaredy Squirrel, Dora the Destroyer, and Rumbledy-Hump."
Fry says: "I hope you win, Leela."
Leela says: "Thanks, Fry."
Leela says: "It's nice to have the support of viewers like you."
Fry says: "I'm the star of the show."
Leela says: "Shh!"
Calculon says: "And the Slurmie for Best New Kids' Show goes to..."
Calculon says: "Turanga Leela for Rumbledy-Hump!"
Female voice says: "This is Turanga Leela's first nomination and second time in high heels."
Leela says: "Wow."
Leela says: "I feel so lucky just to have been nominated alongside so many inferior shows."
Leela says: "And, to all my young friends at the Orphanarium, thank you for inspiring me to be your hero."
Calculon says: "Slurm her!"
[Scene says: "a celebration dinner."
Bender says: "So wait."
Bender says: "You play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star who's also secretly a massage chair?"
Fembot says: "No."
Fembot says: "I play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star, but, in real life, I'm a massage chair."
Bender says: "Hmmm."
Bender says: "You ever made out with a tugboat?"
Leela says: "Guys, I didn't have time to mention it up there, but I want each of you to know what an honour it is to work with me."
Hermes says: "Sweet ego of Montego!"
Hermes says: "Someone build a wind farm in front of her mouth."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Leela, I mean this."
Abner Doubledeal says: "You're the greatest creative mind since blah, blah, blah-bity, blah."
Abner Doubledeal says: "But it's two AM and you still haven't written tomorrow's episode."
Leela says: "Well, you can't expect me to write it here, with everyone talking so loudly about how great I am."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Sorry."
Leela says: "I'm taking the ship to my quiet place so I can be alone."
Leela says: "You non-creatives can catch a bus home."
Fry says: "Non-creative?"
Fry says: "Ha!"
Fry says: "I'll have you know I bedazzle my own underpants."
[Scene says: "a green planet."
[Cut to says: "Leela is on the surface of the planet, writing."
[Cut to says: "Bender and the fembot are getting off the spaceship."
Bender says: "That was a helluva massage."
Bender says: "Maybe the best there ever was."
Bender says: "Say, where are we?"
Bender says: "Rumbledy-Hump?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "It's real!"
Doingg says: "I love eating vegetables."
Doingg says: "Don't you?"
Doingg says: "They're like crunchy, green water."
Garbly says: "I don't like 'em."
Garbly says: "They're icky-yucky!"
Lady Buggle says: "Now, now, Garbly."
Lady Buggle says: "If we don't eat our vegetables, we won't grow big and strong..."
Lady Buggle says: "Like Feffernoose."
Feffernoose says: "I have to be big and strong to fight off the monsters."
Feffernoose says: "Did somebody say monsters?!"
Feffernoose says: "!"
Leela says: "This will make a great episode."
Leela says: "But talk slower."
Leela says: "I can't type that fast."
Bender says: "Well, well, well."
Bender says: "You didn't make up that TV show!"
Bender says: "You just wrote down what these space twerps said!"
Leela says: "Oh, hell."
Princess Num Num says: "Leela said a Rumbledy-Hump no-no!"
We say words that are bad.
[Scene says: "the green planet."
[Cut to says: "the surface of the planet."
Humplings says: "And poo-poo and pee-pee and penis and gay."
Those are the ninety-eight words we don't say.
Bender says: "My God."
Bender says: "You stole all your ideas from those poor, innocent creatures and hogged all the credit?!"
Bender says: "!"
Bender says: "I underestimated you."
Leela says: "Wait!"
Leela says: "I can explain."
Bender says: "Nah, don't ruin it."
Bender says: "I'm lovin' the hypocrisy."
Bender says: "It's like catchin' an evangelist in a whorehouse."
Bender says: "That was the best Christmas ever."
Leela says: "You know I hate lying."
Leela says: "But those orphans were so proud of me, I couldn't bear to let them down."
Bender says: "Pfff!"
Bender says: "At least Reverend Pickens had the dignity to jump out the whorehouse window with his pants around his ankles."
Princess Num Num says: "Who's your friend, Leela?"
Princess Num Num says: "He sure has a shiny metal bumbledy-boop."
Bender says: "Aw, they're so cute and harmless."
Bender says: "No wonder you feel safe rippin' off their act."
Leela says: "Bender!"
Leela says: "I feel bad enough already."
Bender says: "I'm just messin' with ya."
Bender says: "I love that you're gettin' rich off of them."
Bender says: "'Cause, now, I can get rich off of you!"
Leela says: "Oh, Lord."
Bender says: "From now on, you give me half the gross or I'll blow your cover."
Leela says: "Fine."
Leela says: "You'll get your cut."
Leela says: "I don't really care about the money, anyway."
Leela says: "I just wanna show those poor, disadvantaged orphans that they can succeed in life."
Bender says: "Ugh."
Bender says: "You are the worst kind of rich person."
[Scene says: "Outside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "Inside the Planet Express headquarters."
[Cut to says: "The TV show set."
Leela says: "Be it parsnips or peppers or kale or zucchini."
Fry says: "I like to relax with a spinach martini."
Bender says: "A-gurgle bufwoozle didoodi houdini."
All says: "'Cause we love our vegetables."
Abner Doubledeal says: "And..."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Cut!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "That's a wrap, everybody."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Ten-minute break, then we shoot season three."
Fry says: "Leela, you may have become a Lady Gaga-esque fame hag, but you sure cheered up those orphans."
Fry says: "Nice job."
Warden Vogel says: "Thanks so much for inviting us to the taping."
Warden Vogel says: "The kids haven't been this excited since food day!"
Leela says: "Aw, thanks."
Leela says: "They're my inspiration."
Bender says: "But not your only inspiration."
Bender says: "Am I right, Leels?"
Albert says: "Is somebody standing on me?"
Bender says: "I do love inconveniencing the underclass."
Warden Vogel says: "Well, we'll be on our way."
Warden Vogel says: "After we dig through your trash for aluminum."
Warden Vogel says: "Okay, kids."
Warden Vogel says: "Delta pattern."
Warden Vogel says: "Go!"
Warden Vogel says: "Go!"
Warden Vogel says: "Go!"
Sally says: "Miss Leela?"
Leela says: "Yes, Sally?"
Sally says: "I wanna show you the story I made up."
Sally says: "That's Gum Drop, Sticky, Candy Corn, Sour Ball, and Jujube."
Sally says: "They're brothers and sisters and they live in Butterscotch Hollow."
Leela says: "Sally, that's wonderful."
Leela says: "You came up with that yourself?"
Leela says: "Out of thin air?"
Leela says: "How?"
Sally says: "You were an orphan and now you're the best writer ever, so I knew I could write too."
Sally says: "Thank you for being my hero."
Leela says: "I can't do this any more."
Professor Farnsworth says: "I don't blame you."
Professor Farnsworth says: "Having to wear a costume made from a hollowed-out walrus..."
Leela says: "Everyone, I have a confession."
Leela says: "I, Turanga Leela, winner of a Young People's Choice Award, a Peabody Jr, and two Training Emmys, am not what I appear to be."
Leela says: "There's something I need to show you."
Bender says: "Uh-oh."
[Scene says: "the green planet."
[Cut to says: "the surface of the planet."
Leela says: "Continuing my confession, this is the hardest thing I've ever done."
Sally says: "Harder than creating the bestest show in the world?"
Leela says: "I didn't create anything."
Leela says: "I stole it."
Bender says: "Stealin' is a form of creativity!"
Leela says: "No, it isn't."
Leela says: "Guys!"
Leela says: "Come on out!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Holy moly again."
Lady Buggle says: "Oh, hello, Leela."
Lady Buggle says: "I was just telling my friends how they shouldn't eat food off the floor."
Lady Buggle says: "Should we sing a song about it?"
Fry says: "Yes, please!"
Leela says: "No need, Lady Buggle."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Say, what's goin' on here?"
Leela says: "This planet is the real Rumbledy-Hump."
Leela says: "And these creatures are the real Humplings."
Leela says: "All I did was write down their adorably repetitious hijinks."
Sally says: "You lied?"
Sally says: "Like Doingg did when he stole Garbly's pet pinecone?"
Doingg says: "You told them about that?"
Leela says: "I should've told the truth right away."
Leela says: "These simply prairie folk have a simple prairie-ish life here."
Leela says: "And I was wrong to exploit it for profit."
Lady Buggle says: "I'm as sad as an upside-down smile."
Leela says: "You mean a frown?"
Lady Buggle says: "We didn't have a word for it..."
Lady Buggle says: "Until now."
Amy says: "To think I put on an unflattering cupcake costume for you!"
Fry says: "To think I borrowed money from you!"
Albert says: "I was gonna ask you to marry me."
Sally says: "I guess, if you can't make up stories, I can't neither."
Leela says: "I deserve this."
Leela says: "And more."
Leela says: "Keep it coming!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Wait a second."
Abner Doubledeal says: "As a big Hollywood TV producer, I think I know how to remedy this ethical lapse."
[Cut to says: "one year later."
Lady Buggle says: "So if you don't want a tapeworm or intestinal bug..."
Humplings says: "Don't eat pastrami that fell on the rug."
Abner Doubledeal says: "And..."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Cut!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Ta-da!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "We got us a reality show!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "No writers."
Abner Doubledeal says: "No actors."
Abner Doubledeal says: "No problem."
Leela says: "Doubledeal, this is disgraceful!"
Leela says: "You can't just rip off their real lives and put it on TV!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Wha?"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Who said anything about rippin' them off?"
Leela says: "I did!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "I'm payin' 'em."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Gather 'round, gang."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Here're your pay checks."
Garbly says: "I can finally afford my speech therapy!"
Feffernoose says: "And the health plan covers my generic Prozac!"
Lady Buggle says: "Electricity, plumbing..."
Lady Buggle says: "Our lives are a jillion times better."
Lady Buggle says: "And it's all thanks to you, Leela."
Leela says: "Don't thank me!"
Leela says: "I should be punished!"
Leela says: "I've corrupted you and taught the orphans a terrible lesson."
Warden Vogel says: "What orphans?!"
Warden Vogel says: "!"
Warden Vogel says: "The kids were all adopted!"
Leela says: "They were?!"
Leela says: "!"
Leela says: "By who?!"
Leela says: "!"
Abner Doubledeal says: "Come on, kids."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Let's get this place cleaned up for the next episode."
Abner Doubledeal says: "Albert, pick up that pastrami and put it back on the craft services table."
Albert says: "You're the boss, Daddy."
Leela says: "Oh, God!"
Leela says: "What have I done?!"
Leela says: "!"
Nina says: "You've given us a new father and a full-time job!"
Nina says: "Which is more than most kids have!"
Leela says: "But—"
Sally says: "We love it here, Miss Leela."
Sally says: "This is the funnest planet in the whole world!"
Leela says: "Don't hug me!"
Leela says: "I've done a horrible thing!"
Leela says: "For God's sakes, somebody teach me a lesson!"
Orphans says: "We love Leela!"
Humplings says: "We love Leela!"
Leela says: "No!"
Closing Credits.