Zooms in on the city of Saint Canard Jack in the box plays. Explosion. Robbers run.
Quackerjack says: "He, he, he."
Quackerjack says: "Child's play."
Megavolt says: "No!"
Megavolt says: "I will avenge you my bulby brothernine."
Megavolt says: "Who would dare?"
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the terror that flaps in the night."
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the little rollerskate at the base of villaiys stair case."
Darkwing Duck says: "I am Darkwing.."
Darkwing Duck says: "Duck!"
Quackerjack says: "Play times over."
Darkwing Duck says: "and I gotta get a shorter intro."
Run's after the robbers leaping over rooftops. Swings off, landing on Quackerjack.
Darkwing Duck says: "Let's get dangerous!"
Megavolt fires electricity at Darkwing Duck, missing. Liqadator hits him with water. Darkwing uses grapling hook doging their attacks. Megavolt and Liquadator hit each other.
Megavolt says: "and: Liquadator: ugh."
Megavolt says: "ugh."
Megavolt says: "ugh..."
Zooms out showing Darkwing Duck on the TV Dewey Duck is watching.
Launchpad McQuack says: "Big day Dewey."
Launchpad McQuack says: "Mustard stain or ketchup stain?"
Dewey Duck says: "Mustard looks less like blood."
Dewey Duck says: "What is this weird show?"
Launchpad says: "Woah, what Darkwing Duck the greatest TV show of all time."
Dewey says: "Ha, maybe when you were a kid."
Dewey says: "This hero guy doesn't fly or shoot lasers or anything."
Launchpad says: "That hero guy is Jim Starling."
Launchpad says: "He was an old school actor who did all his own stunts."
Launchpad says: "Sure he got a little banged up in later seasons."
Darkwing Duck On the TV.
Ow, o. Keep rolling.
Launchpad says: "But that just made him even more heroic."
Dewey says: "Why didn't he just use CGI?"
Launchpad says: "Ha, ha."
Launchpad says: "Real hero's don't need high tech: special effects or basic safety precautions."
Launchpad says: "So, how do I look?"
Dewey gives him a thumbs up. They both get in the car.
Launchpad says: "Remember Dewey, a true hero thinks of his gut or not at all."
Launchpad says: "Right D."
Launchpad says: "W?"
Darkwing Duck Bobble Head.
Let's get dangerous!
Dewey says: "Whats the special occasion anyway?"
Launchpad says: "I finally got my driver's license."
Dewey says: "Uh, wait what?"
Dewey says: "Ahhhhhhh!"
Launchpad drives through the garage door.
Intro plays.
Launchpad says: "Aghhhhh!"
Aghhhhh!
Dewey says: "Ugh!"
Dewey says: "How are you even a driver without a driver's license?"
Launchpad says: "Hey, come on I got a pilot's license don't I-wait don't I?"
Dewey says: "Aren't you worried Scrooge will find out?"
Launchpad says: "You kidding, I had them mail the license straight to him so he'd be the first to know."
Launchpad says: "He's gonna be so proud of me, huh wow."
Dewey says: "The bin."
Dewey says: "The bin."
Dewey says: "The bin slow down!"
Launchpad screeches the car to a halt in a parking space.
Dewey says: "Breathing heavily."
Launchpad says: "I bet Mr."
Launchpad says: "Mcdee got some big party planed for my big day."
Launchpad says: "Wouldn't want to ruin the-Surprise, huh."
Launchpad says: "Surprise!"
Launchpad says: "Supplies."
Launchpad says: "Boy he's really getting my hopes up the payoff is gonna be amazing."
Launchpad says: "Surprise!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Gyro Gearloose: Shhhhh!"
Shhhhh!
Gyro says: "Quiet!"
Gyro says: "The Gearloose monolithic rail converts oral input into Kinetic propulsion."
Launchpad says: "Dewey: Bah?"
Bah?
Scrooge says: "Sound power train."
Launchpad says: "Dewey: Bah."
Bah.
Launchpad says: "Ah."
Launchpad says: "Sorry Mr."
Gyro says: "I don't want to hear anything."
Gyro says: "This sensitive prototype runs on noise, observe."
Gyro says: "Hm hmm hm hm hmmm hmmmm."
Trains starts to move, slowly.
Fenton Crackshell says: "Ilumination Doctor Gearloose, alpha numerical substition."
Fenton Crackshell says: "The catagorical reorganiization off letters to prime digits."
Train speeds fast around the track propelling into a window. Releasing water into the lab.
Gyro says: "Ah!"
Gyro says: "My blueprints!"
Hits a button, causing a metal panel to slide over the cracked window.
Fenton says: "Sorry Doctor Gearloose."
Gyro says: "Intern try to think!"
Fenton says: "That's all I do all the time."
Gyro says: "Well, do it better."
Launchpad says: "You probably couldn't fit a driver in that tiny train anyway."
Scrooge says: "Gyro the board needs results."
Scrooge says: "Ever since Bulb tech backfired ya need a invention that, well..."
Dewey says: "Won't turn evil and kill us all."
Gyro says: "With all due respect sir."
Gyro says: "Innovation doesn't work that way."
Dewey says: "How about a self-driving robot car?"
Launchpad says: "A what now?"
Gyro says: "Bla."
Gyro says: "Too many variables."
Gyro says: "A self driving robot car would turn evil like that."
Dewey says: "Mark beaks did."
Dewey says: "He just posted that he's having a demo later today."
Gyro says: "What!"
Gyro says: "That hack, couldn't even poke him a microwave."
Gyro says: "We'll see about this!"
Launchpad says: "Okay cool."
Launchpad says: "I'll just tell you my big news later."
Scrooge says: "Launchpad I almost forgot!"
Launchpad says: "Yeah?"
Scrooge says: "Stop having mail delivered to my office."
Scrooge says: "That's for incoming checks and death threats only."
Launchpad picks up the thrown envelope taking out his license.
Gyro says: "Wait what does a smiley face anvil road kill mean?"
Mark Beaks says: "Crushed it!"
Beaks says: "Its a hectic world, posting things online, checking to see who liked your post."
Beaks says: "Couldn't you use a little time for yourself."
Beaks says: "Couldn't you use a buddy?"
Beaks says: "That's the beaks, un-manned, driver, drone, yay!"
Beaks says: "Buddy will drive you anywhere quickly, efficiently and cheaply."
Beaks says: "Buddy is compatible with any vehicle, making traditional drivers a thing of the past."
Beaks says: "The Waddle buddy system because machines are the new man and hold for applause."
Launchpad says: "Boo!"
Launchpad says: "Bad!"
Launchpad says: "Do not like!"
Gyro says: "Agreed, very negative feelings indeed."
Beaks says: "Whoa!"
Beaks says: "Scrooge's driver and his chief inventor are threatened by my buddy here."
Beaks says: "Well that is how you know it's a good product."
Gyro says: "Uh how can you ensure that this machine won't turn evil!"
Gyro says: "Huh, I never said that out loud."
Beaks says: "Top secret Beaks tech means this baby's 100% obedient to it's master."
Beaks says: "Next question please."
Launchpad says: "Oh Yeah!"
Launchpad says: "Can you program a robot to brave the unknown and laugh at danger?"
Beaks says: "Yes."
Launchpad says: "Can a robot greet you with a kind word at the end of a long day?"
Beaks says: "Yes."
B.U.D.D.Y says: "That's a nice grey cardigan Mr."
B.U.D.D.Y says: "Beaks you are killing it today."
Launchpad says: "Yeah well."
Launchpad says: "Can a robot pull you from the wreckage of a crash with a reassuring smile that tells you everything's gonna be okay?"
Beaks says: "Well, no because it can't crash: Launchpad: I'm sorry what?"
Beaks says: "Buddy show him."
Beaks says: "Buddy's patented sensors mean a smooth, crash free ride."
Beaks says: "No matter the situation you can count on buddy to get you where you going safely."
Beaks says: "Any more questions?"
Scrooge says: "This automated marvel could safe McDuck enterprises a fortune."
Dewey says: "Your not seriously gonna by one of these things?"
Dewey says: "I mean not when you have plenty of good drivers/pilots already."
Scrooge says: "I may buy a whole fleet unless anyone has any brighter ideas."
Gyro says: "Hmmm."
Launchpad says: "A race!"
Dewey says: "What are you doing?"
Launchpad says: "Thinking with my gut."
Launchpad says: "Me V."
Launchpad says: "S the bot winner gets free candy for life."
Dewey whsipers something to Launchpad.
Launchpad says: "Oh thats better."
Launchpad says: "Winner gets named the ultimate driver."
Scrooge says: "A race would give me the chance to see how buddy preforms in a real world senario."
Mark Beaks says: "oooooooo."
Mark Beaks says: "Dramatic in in in in in in."
Launchpad says: "May the best man-ooo Ow!"
Launchpad says: "Very strong robot hand."
Launchpad and Dewey sneak into the lab at night.
Launchpad says: "AAH!"
Dewey says: "Ah, look out it's headless man horse."
Dewey says: "It broke in to hoof us all to death!"
Gyro says: "What?"
Gyro says: "Don't be dumb."
Gyro says: "Just trying out some new interns."
Gyro says: "Don't tell my existing intern."
Gyro says: "Manny, dispose of them, violently."
Gyro says: "I can't have any distractions."
Launchpad says: "No, wait."
Launchpad says: "I need help."
Launchpad says: "See, I have this friend."
Launchpad says: "Let's call him Not-Launchpad."
Launchpad says: "And he got and challenged a robot to a race, pretty common scenario."
Launchpad says: "Now, Not-Launchpad definitely isn't afraid of losing and his boss replacing him with a robot, but he has a friend."
Launchpad says: "Let's call him, uh, Launchpad, who is very worried about that."
Launchpad says: "So I, he, they, uh, thought you could help figure out how to take this robot down, yes?"
Launchpad says: "Oh, in this scenario, you're still you."
Gyro says: "Dummy, there's some dummies here to see you."
Fenton says: "At your beck and call, Dr."
Fenton says: "Gearloose."
Fenton says: "I heard everything."
Fenton says: "Everything."
Fenton says: "I'm happy to prove my worth by meeting Mr McQuack."
Fenton says: "Dr."
Fenton says: "Gearloose is working on an innovation that will better all of mankind both literally and figuratively."
Fenton says: "Behold."
Fenton says: "Operating passcode Blathering..."
Gyro says: "No!"
Gyro says: "That is not ready yet."
Gyro says: "Go to your room!"
Fenton says: "Forgive Dr."
Fenton says: "Gearloose."
Fenton says: "He's a little more deranged than usual trying to figure out how Beaks beat him to the self-driving car."
Launchpad says: "That won't be a problem once I put that tin can it its place."
Launchpad says: "In the recycling, where the garbage goes."
Dewey says: "Woof."
Dewey says: "We'll work on smack talk later."
Dewey says: "Right now, we need something to help Launchpad get the edge on Buddy."
Fenton says: "Step into my laboratory."
Dewey says: "Your lab is in the bathroom?"
Fenton says: "Dr."
Fenton says: "Gearloose says this is the perfect place for my work."
Fenton says: "I'm just now realizing that remark may not have been entirely complementary."
Fenton says: "No matter!"
Fenton says: "So how are we going to soup up your car?"
Fenton says: "Frictionless tires, oscillating overthruster, an engine that can bend the very fabric of space itself?"
Dewey says: "Yes, all of that."
Launchpad says: "Eh, I don't know about all of these gizmos, can't you just give me a couple of pointers on how to beat that robot?"
Fenton says: "Reprogramming a man's brain to complete with a sophisticated auto intelligence."
Dewey says: "Reprogram Launchpad?"
Dewey says: "What about thinking with your gut and getting dangerous?"
Launchpad says: "Well, if Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD thinks this uncrashable robo-me is so great, I have to prove I can get dangerous in the safest way possible."
Fenton says: "That's sure to get Dr."
Fenton says: "Gearloose's attention."
Fenton says: "It could work!"
Fenton says: "I'll clean that later."
scene says: "driving course in the desert: Fenton: Don't go over thirty-two miles per hour, and hit all turns at a safe thirty-five degree bend, and increase velocity by fifteen percent on straightaway."
scene says: "These visual cues will trigger psychosomatic synaptic reflexes to improve your performance."
scene says: "Did you get all that?"
Launchpad says: "..."
Launchpad says: "Yes."
Beaks says: "Welcome to the Waddle test track."
Beaks says: "Time for the ultimate contest between man and machine."
Beaks says: "First around the block wins."
Launchpad says: "Don't worry, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD, I got this."
Scrooge says: "Good lad."
Scrooge says: "Beat this bionic blaggard and I can probably talk Beaks down on price when I buy a fleet of them."
Scrooge says: "Anyway, good luck."
Dewey says: "Hey, you're the best personal driver I ever had."
Dewey says: "You got this."
Fenton says: "Follow the tips and you have a fifty-one percent chance of winning, and whatever you do, play it safe."
Fenton says: "Don't crash."
Launchpad says: "Wait, "don't" crash?"
Beaks says: "Racers, to your marks."
Darkwing Duck Bobble-head says: "Let's get dangerous."
Beaks says: "Get set..."
Beaks says: "Pew!"
Beaks says: "Pew pew pew pew pewpewpewpewpewpew..."
Beaks says: "."
Beaks says: "That means Go!"
Launchpad says: "And we're off."
Launchpad says: "Hands at ten and two, keep it in first gear, or was that hands at ten and one, second gear?"
Launchpad says: "Where's the index?"
Launchpad says: "Oh no."
Dewey says: "Don't crash."
Fenton says: "Don't crash."
Dewey says: "Don't crash."
Fenton says: "Don't crash."
Launchpad says: "Gotta catch up."
Launchpad says: "Ah, check your six, carry the two, uh, seventeen, other number, two!"
BUDDY says: "Adjusting for hazardous conditions."
Launchpad says: "Huhh, Uhuhuhu, Hah."
Dewey says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "He's gonna do it!"
Fenton says: "Go, you bumblebee like savant, Go!"
Beaks says: "grr."
Launchpad says: "Woo!"
Launchpad says: "oof!"
Beaks says: "Hahah!"
Beaks says: "did it."
Beaks says: "Take that, everyone who's not me."
Scrooge says: "Impressive display, Beaks."
Scrooge says: "You have really built something, here."
Gyro says: "Or did he?"
Gyro says: "I couldn't be sure til I saw how it performed under pressure."
Gyro says: "The precision, the deadly grace, oh yes, I've seen it before."
Gyro says: "Ha HAH!"
Gyro says: "Beaks tech is actually bulb tech."
Gyro says: "That's how he beat me to the punch."
Gyro says: "He stole my technology!"
Gyro says: "Officer, arrest this man."
Scrooge says: "Is this true?"
Beaks says: "Of course not."
Beaks says: "I didn't steal it from him, I stole it from a public online forum then Beaksed it up."
Gyro says: "How would one of my inventions end up online..."
Fenton says: "Haha, oh wow."
Gyro says: "You!"
Fenton says: "You circumvented the kill switch."
Fenton says: "Why didn't anyone else on the message board figure that out?"
Gyro says: "You posted my top secret plans on the internet?!"
Gyro says: "!"
Dewey says: "You were having so much trouble keeping your inventions from turning evil so I turned to the net to crowdsource a solution?"
Infuriated with his top secret plans being sent into an internet, Gyro literarily cuts the loose and furiously charges at Femton, only to be apprehended by Dewey and Scrooge.
Gyro says: "NO!!"
Gyro says: "YOU'RE FIRED!!!!"
Fenton says: "Butbutbutbutbut..."
Fenton says: "No.."
Dewey says: "Easy, easy, easy, calm down..."
Launchpad says: "Uh, back to town, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD?"
Scrooge says: "That's alright Launchpad, we'll ride with Beaks and Buddy to sign the sales paperwork."
Scrooge says: "Come on, Dewey."
Gyro says: "So, how did you keep bulb tech from going bad?"
Beaks says: "Say what, now?"
Gyro says: "The morality circuits, modify them keep them from going evil?"
Beaks says: "No, I just made them look less dorky."
Beaks says: "They're dumb robots, right?"
Gyro says: "Oh no."
Gyro says: "nononononono!"
All says: "AAAHHH!"
Fenton says: "Room for one more?"
Fenton says: "Make them better."
Lunchpad says: "Why?"
Lunchpad says: "Even if you try to be better, there's always someone better than you, maybe with built in wifi."
Lunchpad says: "You'll just be ignored."
Lunchpad says: "Best to stop trying."
Lunchpad says: "Man, is there anyone having a worse day than us?"
All says: "AAAHHH!"
Scrooge says: "Shore these child locks."
BUDDY says: "Please remain seated."
Scrooge says: "Take that, you magnetic monstrosity."
BUDDY says: "Buckle up for safety."
Scrooge says: "Sanctimonious seat belts."
Beaks says: "oh, W-we need a logic puzzle to fry its circuits."
Beaks says: "Robot, what is love?"
Gyro says: "That's stupid."
Gyro says: "Robot, could I invent an element so heavy even I couldn't lift it?"
Beaks says: "I definitely could."
Gyro says: "No, you couldn't!"
Dewey says: "Give it a rest, geniuses."
Lunchpad says: "Yes, you replaced me with a cool robot car."
Lunchpad says: "I get it."
All says: "AAAHHH!"
Fenton says: "Buddy's gone glitchy."
Fenton says: "They're in trouble."
Lunchpad says: "What?"
Lunchpad says: "I may not be Mr."
Lunchpad says: "McD's driver for much longer, but he can still count on me to get him to where he's going."
Lunchpad says: "I'll keep him busy."
Lunchpad says: "You figure out a way to get them out of that car."
Fenton says: "I think I got something for that."
Fenton says: "You try corralling him into a ravine."
Lunchpad says: "Or I'll probably just crash into it."
Fenton says: "Isn't that really, really, unsafe?"
Lunchpad says: "I tried playing it safe, old friend."
Lunchpad says: "Didn't work."
Launchpad with Bobble-head says: "Let's get dangerous."
Dewey says: "Launchpad!"
Launchpad says: "Give me your hand!"
Fenton says: "C'mon, pick up, pick up, pick up!"
Manny says: "Gearloose labs."
Fenton says: "Manny!"
Fenton says: "Salvation."
Fenton says: "I know we have our differences in the past, but now we must put them aside for the greater good of scientific endeavor."
Fenton says: "What say you?"
Manny says: "Who is this?"
Fenton says: "It's me, Fenton Crackshell Cabrara."
Fenton says: "Just put the phone up to the floor!"
Fenton says: "Operating passcode: BLATHERING BLATHERSCITE!"
Fenton says: "Manny, did anything happen?"
Fenton says: "Oof!"
BUDDY says: "Please keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle at all times."
Dewey says: "Ah."
Launchpad says: "Ah!"
Launchpad says: "Dewey!"
Dewey says: "AAHH!"
Gizmoduck says: "Gotcha!"
Gizmoduck says: "Hahaha, wow!"
Gizmoduck says: "Hold on, I'll get you out, somehow."
Scrooge says: "Oh good, another robot."
Gizmoduck's suit computer says: "Calculating options."
Gizmoduck's suit computer says: "Activating shoulder blades."
Gizmoduck says: "I suggest you hold very, very still."
Scrooge says: "Oh, hey."
Gizmoduck says: "Come on!"
Suit says: "Incoming threat."
Gizmoduck says: "c'mon suit, do something."
Suit says: "Defense mode: activated."
Dewey says: "Woah, look out!"
Scrooge says: "Who the blazes are you?"
Gizmoduck says: "Call me,  Gizmoduck!"
Gyro says: "Gizmoduck?"
Beaks says: "Gizmoduck."
Gizmoduck says: "Suit, make it stop, make it stop!"
Gizmoduck says: "Suit!"
Gizmoduck says: "Help!"
Suit says: "Activating rodeo grapple: Gizmoduck: Ah, missed, something else."
Suit says: "Activating pectoral parachute."
Gizmoduck says: "Stop!"
Gizmoduck says: "Stop!"
Gizmoduck says: "Brakes!"
Gizmoduck says: "Brakes!"
Gizmoduck says: "AAHH!!"
Launchpad says: "You're a robot this whole time, huh?"
Launchpad says: "Neat."
Fenton says: "I'm not..."
Suit says: "Warning!"
Suit says: "Incoming threat."
Fenton says: "Move!"
Launchpad says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Ah!"
BUDDY says: "For your safety, please stop the vehicle and return to the passenger seat."
Launchpad says: "Looks like the only to survive is to crash."
Dewey says: "Too dangerous!"
Dewey says: "Too dangerous!"
All says: "Ha ha hah!"
Launchpad says: "Take that, you bucket of bolts."
Launchpad says: "I'm sorry, is that offensive?"
Fenton says: "I'm not a..."
Fenton says: "AAHH!"
Suit says: "Activating helmet copter."
Gizmoduck says: "Ha ha ha ha, woo!"
Gizmoduck says: "I'm alive!"
Gizmoduck says: "This is awesome!"
Launchpad says: "Wow, looks like somebody's first crash."
Launchpad says: "Have a good day Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD?"
Scrooge says: "Nice work today, Launchpad."
Scrooge says: "See you tomorrow."
Launchpad says: "You're..."
Launchpad says: "not gonna replace me?"
Scrooge says: "Replace you?"
Scrooge says: "Don't be daft."
Scrooge says: "Where would I ever find a driver as crazy and dangerous as I am?"
Scrooge says: "Oh, Dewey told me about your driver's license."
Scrooge says: "Congratulations."
Launchpad says: "Aw, your approval is all the driver's license I need."
Launchpad says: "C'mon, uh..."
Scrooge says: "You should really keep the license."
Fenton says: "Sir!"
Fenton says: "I was cleaning out my desk when suddenly the prototype armor burst from the chamber like so many split atoms and..."
Gyro says: "Ah, save it."
Gyro says: "I'm fired, Gizmoduck."
Gyro says: "Scrooge is always complaining my inventions are "dangerous."
Gyro says: "" This armor has got to be one hundred percent idiot-proof and well, you're just the idiot to prove it."
Fenton says: "Oh, thank you sir."
Fenton says: "You won't regret this."
Fenton says: "This project stays top secret til it's out of beta."
Fenton says: "I won't tell a soul..."
Launchpad says: "Bye Gyro."
Launchpad says: "Bye Gizmoduck."
Fenton says: "..."
Fenton says: "from now on."
Gyro says: "Gizmoduck."
Gyro says: "What a stupid name."
Beaks says: "Gizmoduck..."
Beaks says: "I must have him."