The episode opens on a beautiful morning at McDuck Manor. Scrooge McDuck wakes up from his sleep, puts on his slippers and dressing gown and goes to open the window.
Scrooge says: "Aaah, good morning, you gleaming bin of bounty."
He stares out of it, looking at his Money Bin in the distance. Suddenly, Mrs Beakley enters the room carrying a tea tray, looking disheveled.
Scrooge says: "Beakley?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Beakley says: "I feel I should prepare you, for what's out there."
Scrooge says: "How bad can it be?"
Scrooge says: "Lid left off the peanut butter?"
Scrooge says: "Errant roller-skate left on the stairway?"
As Scrooge opens the door, a bunch of foam-darts fly towards him. He quickly grabs Beakley's tea tray and shields himself from the darts, causing the tea set to fly into the air and Beakley to catch it.
Scrooge says: "An elaborate series of cutthroat war games?"
Huey is running away from a dart-shooting Dewey.
Dewey says: "Take that!"
Scrooge says: "Dewey!"
Scrooge says: "Don't yell at your target before you fire, you'll lose the element of surprise."
Scrooge hands the gun back to Dewey and walks off. Louie runs past him and shoots at Dewey while laughing, hitting the wall and a vase which Mrs. Beakley dives to catch.
Louie says: "Good hand, Beakley!"
Beakley says: "When I said you should spend more time with your family I did not mean move them in!"
Through infrared/night vision, we see Louie running down the hall laughing. A shadowy figure wearing night vision goggles hangs from the chandelier.
Webby says: "Target acquired."
As Louie stops in the middle of the hall, Webby still in shadow uses a grapple gun to grapple to the chandelier above. She fires on Louie, prompting him to run and trigger a trap that throws pillows at him, knocking him to the ground.
Louie says: "You set traps!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie says: "It's just a game!"
Webby says: "You're not a player, you're a pawn."
Dewey says: "W-Webby, maybe take it down a notch."
Webby says: "TELL THAT TO MY MEN YOU CAPTURED IN PEKING!"
Dewey says: "What?"
Webby says: "It's part of my character's backstory; grizzled ex-special forces pulled out of retirement for revenge."
Webby says: "What's yours?"
Dewey says: "..."
Dewey says: "My guy has a dart gun?"
Webby says: "Not anymore."
She shoots Dewey, knocking him down and sending his dart gun flying. Webby then throws her guns away and uses her grapple hook to pull Dewey's gun to her.
Webby says: "Ha ha!"
Huey comes across the scene and Webby fires at him. He flees to the foyer in panic.
Huey says: "The foyer is a safe zone!"
Huey says: "The foyer is a saf- AH!"
Webby says: "This is no foyer..."
Webby says: "this is a tomb."
Cut to Scrooge walking along the hallway.
Huey offscreen.
Ow! My tailbone!
Scrooge says: "Heh-heh..."
Scrooge says: ""a tomb"..."
Beakley says: "Sir, this is out of control!"
Scrooge says: "Kids will be kids."
Scrooge says: "For everyone's happiness, we've all got to make sacrifices."
He opens the door to his washroom, pausing when he sees Donald washing himself in the bathtub.
Donald says: "Um, ocupado!"
Scrooge says: "HOUSE MEETING."
Scrooge says: "NOW."
Cue intro and opening theme.
Donald and the kids are talking with each other. In the background, Scrooge walks up to an object covered with a cloth and smacks it with his cane, silencing everyone.
Scrooge says: "Alright, time for some house rules."
He pulls the cloth off, revealing a blackboard with "HOUSE RULES" written on it.
Scrooge says: "Rule 1: My space is my space."
Scrooge says: "My study, my sleeping quarters-  My washroom."
Scrooge says: "Rule 2..."
Scrooge says: "Defer to Mrs."
Scrooge says: "Beakley for all subsequent rules."
Scrooge says: "I'm pleased to have you here, as long as it in no way inconveniences me."
Scrooge says: "Good day!"
Beakley says: "This may be Mr McDuck's mansion, but it's my house."
Beakley says: "So..."
She flips the board, revealing a lot more rules.
Beakley says: "My house rules."
Beakley says: "Exhaustive."
Beakley says: "Comprehensive."
Beakley says: "Where are you going?"
Donald says: "I've got unmentionables to wash."
Beakley says: "Rule 58: if you need something ask for permission first."
Donald says: "Did you hear that, boys?"
Donald says: "Ask permission!"
Beakley says: "Rule number 23: no one is above the rules."
Beakley says: "Donald."
Beakley says: "If you had simply asked for assistance we could have avoided what I'm referring to as the "Undergarment Incident."
The boys giggle offscreen.
Donald says: "I can take care of myself."
Beakley says: "That is not your decision to make."
Beakley says: "You live here, you answer to me!"
Donald says: "I answer to no one!"
Both of them glare at each other.
Louie says: "Wait, are they gonna kiss?"
Huey says: "Ew!"
Dewey says: "Ew!"
Webby says: "Ew!"
Donald says: "Outside, now!"
Beakley says: "Outside, now!"
The kids run outside into the backyard and past Donald's houseboat.
Webby says: "Death darts was fun!"
Louie says: "Again, just supposed to be darts."
Webby says: "Oh, what do you wanna play next?"
Webby says: "Mystery Murder Island?"
Webby says: "Cannonball Fury?"
Huey says: "How about a nice, safe nap?"
Webby says: "Ooh!"
Webby says: "How about Hacky-Sack?"
She punts the sack at them. Dewey dives to push Huey out of the way, it buzzes Louie's head and goes clean through the tree behind them, knocking it down. Everyone stares in silence.
Louie says: "Or..."
Louie says: "we could have some real fun."
Dewey says: "You mean?"
Louie says: "I do, dear Dewford."
Huey says: "It's time for Funso's Fun Zone!"
Dewey says: "It's time for Funso's Fun Zone!"
Louie says: "It's time for Funso's Fun Zone!"
Webby says: "What's that?"
Louie says: "Only the greatest place one could ever imagine imagining!"
Huey says: "Where dreams become reality, and reality becomes some kind of crazy hyper-dream!"
Dewey says: "Where punch refills are free!"
All three in unison says: "Funso's Fun Zone!"
All three in unison says: "Where fun is in the zone!"
Webby says: "Oh yeah."
Webby says: "That..."
Webby says: "Funso's."
Webby says: "Of course."
Webby says: "Hah."
Webby says: "Everyone knows Funso's..."
Louie says: "Let's go boys!"
Webby says: "Oh."
Webby says: "Well..."
Webby says: "have fun."
Dewey says: "You coming?"
Webby says: "Wha?"
Webby says: "Yeah!"
Webby says: "Let me get my stuff!"
She climbs McDuck Manor like a spider, disappearing into an open window.
Louie says: "I don't know."
Louie says: "Webby's great for treasure hunting and minecart-chases, but she's not exactly built for everyday kid stuff."
Huey traumatised.
I still see the darts when I close my eyes.
Dewey says: "She's been cooped up in the mansion her whole life."
Dewey says: "Of course she's going to be a little..."
Dewey says: "off..."
Dewey says: "but we can help her!"
Dewey says: "She'll be fine."
Meanwhile, Webby is packing her night-vision goggles, grapple hook and a book titled "The Art of War" into her bag.
Webby says: "Alright, Webby."
Webby says: "Just a totally casual hangout in the real world."
Webby says: "Like regular kids do."
Webby says: "Play it cool."
Webby says: "Play it cool."
She screams "Wooooo!" while jumping out of the window - cut to the bus stop, where she's still screaming.
Back at the manor, Beakley is vacuuming up the remains of the dart battle until her vacuum cleaner stops. She unplugs one of the plugs from the wall, seeing another one of many break. Meanwhile, Donald is singing while barbecuing a sausage and cleaning his houseboat, until Beakley storms up to the houseboat.
Donald says: "Howdy neighbor."
Donald says: "kielbasa?"
Donald says: "I'll just live by the boat while I fix it."
Donald says: "Out of your house, out of your way."
Beakley says: "Causing several fire hazards."
Beakley says: "If you have checked with me I could have provided safe electrical hookups."
Donald says: "I'm good."
Beakley says: "And how would you like to split the water bill?"
Donald says: "What?"
Donald says: "Richest duck in the world can't spare a dime."
Donald says: "Keep your water."
Donald clamps down on hose causing water backup to flood Scrooge's bathroom.
Scrooge says: "Aaahhhh!"
Beakley breaks the extension cord in half. Cut to the kids waiting at a bus stop. Webby can barely contain her excitement.
Huey says: "You've been on a bus before, right?"
Webby says: "Absolutely."
Webby says: "So is it assigned seating or..."
Huey says: "Don't talk to anybody."
Huey says: "Don't touch anything."
Huey says: "Don't lick anything."
Huey says: "Don't go near the emergency brake."
Webby says: "Look, a dog wearing a bow tie."
Webby says: "Did he tie it himself?"
Webby says: "Stop the bus!"
Webby pulls the signal cord. Driver throws Webby and the boys out of the bus.
Webby says: "It was a nice bow tie."
Webby says: "Sorry."
Huey says: "It's fine."
Dewey says: "It's just a short walk to Funso's..."
Huey says: "..."
Huey says: "through the sketchiest neighborhood in town."
Webby says: "Bet it's a blast to run."
Webby says: "Race you."
Huey says: "Uh, wrong way."
Webby says: "Whoop."
Bouncer says: "Hey!"
Bouncer says: "Is that the McDuck brats?"
Big Time says: "Let's get them!"
Burger shakes his head says: "Bouncer: Burger's right."
Burger shakes his head says: "Ma told us we's supposed to take down the truck."
Big Time says: "Oh, forger the truck!"
Big Time says: "That's the payday!"
Big Time says: "Think big!"
Bouncer smiles, before tossing Carl the guard into the truck.
Bouncer says: "Sorry, Carl."
Bouncer says: "Same time next month?"
Webby says: "Funso's Fun Zone."
Boys says: "Where fun is in the zone."
Webby says: "Pizza?"
Webby says: "Games?"
Webby says: "A pit of balls?"
Louie says: "Wait, Webbigail, ball pits are for babies."
Louie says: "Walk with me."
Louie says: "You're in the zone now."
Louie says: "If you want to get by in this world, you gotta know the people that make it spin."
Louie says: "Josie, new token apron?"
Louie says: "Nice."
Waitstaff says: "Your usual table, sir."
Louie says: "Merci, Toby."
Louie says: "Webby, your money is no good here."
Webby says: "What do they take?"
Webby says: "I have pounds, pesos, rubles..."
Louie says: "The oldest currency in the world."
Webby says: "Ancient obsidian rune stones?"
Louie says: "No, flattery."
Louie says: "I can't tell."
Louie says: "Is that the heat lamps, or your natural glow?"
Waitstaff says: "Oh Mr."
Waitstaff says: "Duck, the usual?"
Louie says: "Yep, one free cup for water please."
Louie fills the cup with fruit punch while the waitstaff isn't looking.
Webby says: "That's not water."
Louie says: "It's all part of the system."
Louie says: "You try."
Webby says: "Hey, uh  Jaa-nay."
Waitstaff says: "It's Jane."
Webby says: "I'm Webby."
Webby says: "I was hoping you could hook a girl up with one of those free water cups, you know, for  fruit punch."
Jane says: "You sure you don't want it for water?"
Webby says: "Yes, for water."
Webby says: "Fruity water that really packs a punch  am I right?"
Jane says: "I, I don't know what you mean."
Webby says: "I mean fruit punch."
Manager says: "Is there a problem here?"
Manager says: "What did I tell you about handing out freebies, Jane?"
Manager says: "You paid for that punch, Duck?"
Louie says: "Yeah, I was just about to, yeah."
Louie says: "Thanks, Webby."
Delivery says: "Special delivery for D."
Delivery says: "Duck."
Donald says: "Put them out back."
Donald says: "portable generators."
Donald says: "Keep your power, Mrs B."
Donald says: "I'm off the grid."
Beakley says: "That idiot is going to get himself killed."
Funso says: "Welcome to Funso's."
Funso says: "There' no place finer, but all cool adults must be accompanied by a minor."
Funso says: "Bablebablam!"
The Beagle Boys had dressed Bouncer in a baby costume.
Bouncer says: "You buying this?"
Funso shakes his head no, and Bouncer attacks him. Webby enters arcade and sees Dewey playing a video game.
Webby says: "Uke or Puke?"
Dewey says: "Behold, the best game ever created."
Dewey says: "Japanese import."
Dewey says: "There's only one in the US, and I have the top ten scores."
Dewey says: "So I'm pretty much the best in the country."
Dewey says: "You gotta try this."
Webby says: "I don't know."
Webby says: "I've never actually played a computer game."
Dewey says: "You played an instrument?"
Webby says: "I've had seven years of cello."
Dewey says: "Same thing."
Webby tries to stand the controller on the floor. Dewey corrects her by putting it around her. Webby plays it.
Dewey says: "Your first strum."
Dewey says: "Cherish it."
Game says: "Oi."
Game says: "goin dame da dame dame."
Dewey says: "Yes, yes."
Dewey says: "Be one with the flow."
Game says: "Pu-ke kudasai."
Webby says: "I am both uking and puking."
The Beagle Boys dressed as Funso try to grab Webby.
Funso says: "Time..."
Webby says: "Stranger danger!"
Dewey says: "Webby, no."
Funso trips over the power cord, unplugging it.
Webby says: "I killed Funso!"
Dewey says: "No, no, don't you die on me!"
Game says: "Dame da dame dame."
Dewey says: "My scores!"
Dewey says: "Noooo!"
Dewey says: "It's like I don't even know you anymore."
Mrs. Beakley watches Donald maintain his generators and start a fire.
Beakley says: "Perhaps we can put your nephew up in a hotel in New Zealand."
Scrooge says: "No time, guest pass are calling."
Scrooge says: "Beakley problem."
Webby belly flops into the ball pit.
Webby says: "Ow."
Louie says: "Room for three more?"
Webby says: "You guys aren't mad I ruined Funso's?"
Louie says: "Please, Funso's is a place of magic and wonder and light."
Dewey says: "Think fast."
Webby says: "Wait, what's happening?"
Huey says: "Don't."
Huey says: "You're fine."
Webby says: "It's a trap."
Webby says: "I'm sinking!"
Webby says: "Ahhh!!"
Webby fires a grappling hook which pops a balloon, breaks a spotlight, and pulls down a palm tree causing a fire. She's confronted by the manager as she pulls herself out.
Webby says: "Haha, I'm Webby."
Manager says: "You are banned from Funso's for life!"
Huey says: "No, please, I've never been kicked out of anything."
Louie says: "And this is why we shouldn't bring her, thanks Dewey."
Manager says: "Funso, take them out."
Funso says: "With pleasure."
Funso says: "Call ma."
Someone approaches Funso's and opens the door.
Manager says: "You can't come in here without a child!"
The person punches him in the stomach and walks past him, to the fear of the other parents and children.
Everybody out!
They dunk a man's head into his ice cream, flip the waitresses tray into her face and open the door to find the Beagle Boys standing there.
Big Time says: "This is it, Ma!"
Big Time says: "The big day!"
Big Time says: "The perfect scam!"
Ma says: "Save it!"
Ma says: "What's so important that I don't see an armoured car parked out front?"
Big Time says: "May I present our new meal ticket."
Big Time says: "Scrooge McDuck's family!"
Ma Beagle opens the door to see Huey, Dewey, Louie and Webby tied up inside the locker. They scream and shout until Ma shuts the door.
Ma says: "And how did you manage this?"
Big Time says: "Well, we cornered 'em, we captured 'em, and we sent  a ransom note."
Ma says: "You did what?"
Donald gets hit with a ransom note tied to a brick.
Ma Beagle says: "How could someone so brilliant raise such morons?"
Bouncer says: "I think she's talking about you."
Big Time says: "But, but Scrooge will pay a fortune to get those ankle biters back."
Ma Beagle says: "You think he got to be the richest duck in Duckberg by paying people off?"
Ma Beagle says: "You just painted four twerp-sized targets on our backs."
Ma Beagle says: "Bouncer, Burger, go outside."
Big Time says: "What about me, Ma?"
Big Time gets thrown in the meat locker with the kids.
Ma Beagle says: "You're on a timeout, mister."
Huey says: "Who are these Guys?"
Webby says: "The Beagle Boys."
Webby says: "They hate your uncle, try to break in to the mansion all the time."
Dewey says: "Are they going to ransom us?"
Louie says: "Scrooge will never pay for all four of us."
Webby says: "You're right."
Webby says: "He'll probably throw one of off a cliff to send Scrooge a message."
Boys says: "Aaahh!"
Donald wakes up and notices the ransom note.
Donald says: "Scrooge!"
Donald says: "The kids!"
Donald says: "The Beagle Boys!"
Scrooge says: "Wait, something's wrong."
Scrooge says: "Much better."
Donald says: "Ms."
Donald says: "B!"
Donald says: "A note!"
Beakley says: "Look who's back to finally coming to ask me..."
Donald screams and shoves the ransom note to Beakley.
Beakley says: "What is a Funso?"
Big Time says: ""Don't capture Scrooge's brats, Big Time."
Big Time says: "Don't stick up the Policeman's Ball, Big Time."
Big Time says: "Tanks don't float, Big Time."
Big Time says: "" She always treats me like the odd man out because my ideas are too..."
Webby says: "..."
Webby says: "intense?"
Big Time says: "Visionary."
Big Time says: "Well I'll show her."
Big Time says: "I'll show 'em all."
Louie says: "Well that's not something you want to hear when you're tied up in a meat locker."
Big Time says: "Starting with you!"
Webby hits Big Time in the head with a frozen pizza.
Boys says: "Webby?"
Webby says: "Oops, sorry, I'll just..."
Huey says: "You could slip out of those ropes the whole time?"
Webby says: "Well, yeah."
Webby says: "That's like being captured: 101."
Louie says: "So why didn't you?"
Webby says: "Because, I didn't want you to think I'm weird."
Webby says: "I've been stuck in the mansion for so long, I'm trying really hard to be normal, but everything I do is, you know, not."
Dewey says: "Normal's overrated."
Louie says: "We need you to be "Webby" normal."
Huey and Dewey nod in agreement. Webby drops her rope, unties the boys, and dons a pair of night-vision goggles.
Webby says: "I'm going to break every bone in her body, or maybe just higher up."
Webby says: "Let's see how it plays out."
Webby uses a sausage as a boomerang to open an air grate. The four climb in it.'.
Ma Beagle says: "Alright, boys."
Ma Beagle says: "McDuck's highfalutin hooligan Beakley is coming here to take you down."
Ma Beagle says: "Are you going to let her?"
Burger says: "hmm..."
Burger says: "."
Ma Beagle says: "No, you are not."
Ma Beagle says: "Beakley may be strong, ruthless, and unforgiving, but you are the Beagle Boys, my boys."
Ma Beagle says: "It's time to mark your territory."
Burger and Bouncer look at each other.
Ma Beagle says: "Do it for your dear old ma."
A different ransom note is chucked out the door.
Ma Beagle says: "oh for crying out loud."
Mrs. Beakley and Donald drive up.
Ma Beagle says: "You take care of them."
Ma Beagle says: "I'll deal with the squirts."
Beakley says: "Beagle boys are quite large, I'll take the big one and-- Donald?"
Donald says: "GIVE ME BACK MY BOYS!"
Donald goes berserk and beats up both Burger and Bouncer.
Beakley says: "I guess he can take care of himself."
The interior is cloaked in darkness. Ma Beagle sees Webby scurrying around.
Ma Beagle says: "C'mon kid, I don't have time to play games."
Webby says: "Then you're in the wrong place."
Webby says: "Funso's Fun Zone: where fun is in the zone."
Ma Beagle says: "You can't outrun me."
Ma Beagle says: "You know how many two foot terrors I chased around the junkyard?"
Webby says: "But I'm not outrunning you."
Webby says: "Whee."
Webby says: "I'm leading you."
Webby leads Ma Beagle to the ball pit. Big Time is suspended over it.
Big Time says: "Hi Ma."
Ma Beagle says: "Seriously, Big Time?"
Ma Beagle says: "What the, stupid plastic garbage."
Ma Beagle says: "Wait, no stop!"
Ma Beagle says: "It's a trap!"
Webby says: "I know right?"
Webby says: "Now!"
The boys pull the rope, trapping Ma Beagle in a net. Donald and Ms. Beakley enter and turn on the lights.
Donald says: "Boys!"
Beakley says: "A slip stitch."
Beakley says: "Good choice, dear."
Webby says: "Thanks Granny."
Big Time says: "It's okay, Ma."
Big Time says: "I tried and that's what matters."
Ma Beagle says: "Shut up, Big Time."
Big Time says: "Why can't we have what they have?"
Back at the mansion, Ms. Beakley opens the fuse box.
Beakley says: "Now, flip the circuit on the boat's circuit and you'll have power."
Donald says: "Thanks, Mrs."
Donald says: "B."
Donald says: "Hey, how does a housekeeper know so much about electricity and tae kwan do?"
Ms. Beakley says: "Oh, simple."
Ms. Beakley says: "I'm a spy."
Both laugh uncomfortably says: "Huey: Nice of Funso's to lift the ban and give us all those free tokens, you know, to keep us from suing them."
Louie says: "Yep, the system works."
Dewey says: "So, what should we do next?"
Huey says: "I don't know."
Huey says: "Webby, what do you want to play?"
Webby says: "Really?"
Webby says: "You mean it?"
Louie says: "Any crazy thing you want."
Webby says: "Oh, how 'bout a nice game of Medieval Dungeon of Eternal Screaming!"
Boys says: "I'm on Webby's team!"