Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: NOTE: Scenes and dialogue that were cut from the movie version of the serial are highlighted in green."
Episode Info says: "Scenes and dialogue that were cut from Toon Disney's reruns and the iTunes release are highlighted in red."
We open the series at the top of a hill with a sign pointing to the city of Duckburg. Two birds that are sitting on the sign fly off of it as the camera pans over to reveal Duckburg itself. The camera then starts to zoom in on the tall building on Killmotor Hill - the Money Bin of Scrooge McDuck, as we hear him singing...
Scrooge says: "Scrooge McDuck, he had a vault, E-I-E-I-O."
Scrooge says: "And in this vault, he had some dough, E-I-E-I-O."
He chuckles as we fade to an interior view of the Bin, where Scrooge has stored has stored all five multipujillion, five impossibidillion, seven fantasticatrillion dollars and sixteen cents of his money. Scrooge is standing at the vault's entrance, in his swimsuit.
Scrooge says: "Ah, there's only one thing better than owning a vault full of cold-hard cash, and that's swimming in it!"
Scrooge says: "..."
Scrooge says: "and toss it up and let it hit me on the head."
He proceeds to do just that, but then hears a beeping sound on his person. He reaches in to his swimsuit and pulls out a wristwatch.
Scrooge says: "Curse me kilts, I'm late!"
Scrooge dives under his cash, then surfaces right next to the ladder leading out of the vault, now suddenly dressed in his familiar blue coat and top hat. He climbs up and is about to head out of the vault, but then stops and goes back to the edge, pushing at his head to knock a coin out of his non-existent ear. One screen-wipe later, we see Scrooge walking down the streets of Duckburg, passing by a charity worker.
Charity worker says: "Penny for the poor?"
Scrooge says: "They're not worth it!"
Cheese shop worker says: "Would you care for a sample, Mr."
Cheese shop worker says: "McDuck?"
Scrooge says: "No!"
Cheese shop worker says: "They're free-eeee."
Scrooge says: "Can I have more than one?"
Scrooge says: "Ach, I'll never make it unless I..."
Scrooge says: "eugh, spend money on a taxi."
Scrooge says: "Eugh."
Scrooge says: "Taxi!"
As he waits for a cab to show up, Scrooge checks for spare change in a nearby phone booth.
Cut to Duckburg Pier, where we see a whistle go off. The camera pans over to Donald Duck, now enlisted in the Navy, saying goodbye to his nephews.
Donald says: "Now while I'm in the Navy, boys, you mind your Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "But he's so cheap!"
Donald says: "Yeah, but he's family."
Donald says: "Okay, Huey?"
Huey says: "Yes, Unca Donald."
Donald says: "No back-talk, Dewey."
Dewey says: "No, Unca Donald."
Donald says: "Louie, be good."
Donald says: "And no spitballs."
Louie says: "Uh, yes and no, Unca Donald."
Donald says: "Oh, and one more thing."
Donald says: "Gimmie a hug!"
The nephews do so.
Huey says: "Oh, we're really gonna miss ya, Unca Donald!"
Donald says: "Aw."
Donald says: "And I'm gonna miss you too."
The group hears the taxi cab that Scrooge took driving up. The nephews look apprehensive.
Huey says: "There's the ol' skinflint now!"
Scrooge says: "There's yer two dollars, ya mercenary!"
Cab driver says: "Hey, what about my tip?!"
Cab driver says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Donald, you can't be serious about this crazy idea."
Scrooge says: "There's no profit in it!"
Donald says: "But I've already enlisted, Uncle Scrooge."
Donald says: "I wanna see the world!"
Scrooge says: "So I'll buy you a globe."
Navy officer says: "Hey!"
Navy officer says: "Move it, Seaman Duck!"
Donald says: "I gotta go."
Donald says: "Take care of my nephews."
Donald grabs his duffel bag and prepares to toss it on to the boat that's taking him onto the Navy carrier he'll be serving on. However, he throws too hard and ends up being tossed onto the boat with it.
Donald says: "Whoaoh!"
Scrooge says: "But what have I done to deserve being saddled with these..."
Scrooge says: "eh, juveniles?"
Donald says: "You're the only one I trust, Uncle Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "Lucky me."
Nephews says: "Lucky us."
Scrooge says: "Eeh."
Scrooge says: "Well, I guess we should head for home."
Louie says: "All right."
Louie says: "I'll get a taxi."
Scrooge says: "Ah, no need for that."
Scrooge says: "It's only a brisk, three-mile walk."
Scrooge says: "And after that, we'll have a nutritious lunch of cheese!"
The nephews look at each and shrug, then grab their bags.
Fade to later. Scrooge and the nephews are right outside McDuck Manor.
Scrooge says: "Well, here we are!"
Scrooge says: "Home sweet home."
Scrooge walks up to his front door and knocks on it with his cane. The butler, Duckworth, comes to answer.
Scrooge says: "Ah, Duckworth."
Scrooge says: "Carry the suitcases up to the room we've prepared."
Duckworth says: "Of course, sir."
Huey says: "Wow!"
Huey says: "A palace!"
Dewey says: "And a butler!"
Louie says: "And our own room!"
Louie says: "Y'know, livin' here might not be so bad after all."
His brothers nod in agreement.
Three days later, we see that the nephews are living in the attic, now thinking it is that bad.
Huey says: "This is the pits."
Louie says: "Correction - the mega pits!"
Louie says: "Three boring days!"
Dewey says: "We haven't been allowed to do a single thing in this whole house!"
Huey says: "75 rooms in the place and he sticks us in the attic!"
Duckworth enters, carrying a silver platter.
Duckworth says: "Good afternoon, gentlemen."
Dewey says: "Hey Duckworth, where's Unca Scrooge?"
Louie says: "We haven't seen him for days!"
Duckworth says: "Oh, he's a very busy man, Master, uh..."
Dewey says: "Dewey."
Duckworth says: "Of course."
Duckworth says: "As you know, Mr."
Duckworth says: "McDuck put me in charge of you."
Huey says: "Well, whoop-dee-do."
Duckworth says: "Exactly."
Duckworth says: "I have something for you."
Louie says: "If those are more cheese samples, we're gonna riot!"
Duckworth says: "Pray, do not get your knickers in a proverbial twist."
Duckworth says: "It's simply a letter from your Uncle Donald."
Nephews says: "Let me have it!"
Nephews says: "/Open it!"
Nephews says: "/What does it say?"
Nephews says: "Where is he?"
Duckworth says: "I'm surprised the urchins know how to read."
Fade to a minute later. The nephews have now stopped fighting over the letter, and Huey is reading it.
Huey says: ""Dear boys, The Navy sure is exciting!"
As Huey reads, we fade to a first-person view of someone flying a Navy jet, coming in for a landing on the carrier. However, Donald is not the one flying this jet; he's actually washing the nearby tower.
Huey says: ""And things are really looking up for me!"
Donald turns his head to watch the jet that just landed, forgetting what he's doing. He ends up dropping the wash bucket on his commanding officer, Admiral Grimitz, who does not look very amused about this.
Huey says: ""In fact, Admiral Grimitz has taken a personal interest in me, and has assigned me to do some jet-fighter work."
As Huey reads this, we see that what Donald really means is that he's simply mopping the floor near the jet. He briefly stops to take a closer look at the jet, only to get a face full of fire. He stumbles away from it as we fade back to the nephews reading his letter.
Huey says: ""I hope you are all well."
Huey says: "I will write again soon."
Huey says: "Love, Unca Donald."
Dewey says: "Wow!"
Dewey says: "An aircraft carrier!"
Louie says: "And fighter jets!"
The nephews scurry downstairs out of the attic...
Huey says: "Duck leader, clear to land!"
Louie crashes the cart against the table, sending Dewey sailing across the table and knocking the artifacts Scrooge had sitting on it. Scrooge is looking over some papers nearby when he hears the crash.
Scrooge says: "Oh, it must be those nephews."
Scrooge says: "I don't want to get involved."
Scrooge says: "Ach, I'm going to the office where I can work in peace!"
Cut to Huey, pulling at some window curtains.
Huey says: "I know what we need - landing cables!"
Huey says: "Hey, there goes Unca Scrooge!"
Louie says: "Now's our chance to talk to him!"
The nephews head for the front door, but Duckworth is guarding it.
Duckworth says: "I'm sorry, gentlemen, but Mr."
Duckworth says: "McDuck left strict orders."
The nephews look cunningly at each other, knowing what to do in this situation.
Fade to later. Scrooge is arriving at the Money Bin, unaware that the nephews are now right behind him. He walks in and comes upon one of his employees, reading the newspaper and whistling.
Scrooge says: "You!"
Scrooge says: "There'll be no whistlin' while you work!"
Employee says: "But-but-but Mr."
Employee says: "McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "Whaaat?"
Huey says: "Aw, lighten up, Unca Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "What are you doing here?"
Nephews says: "We missed ya, Unca Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "Missed me?"
Scrooge says: "What'd you throw at me?"
Huey says: "No, we missed seeing you!"
Scrooge says: "Did you, lads?"
Scrooge says: "Ich."
Scrooge says: "What happened to Duckworth?"
Huey says: "Uh, he got tied up."
Cut back to McDuck Manor, where we see that Duckworth is indeed tied up... in the curtains.
Duckworth says: "This is definitely going to delay dinner."
Cut back to Scrooge and the nephews.
Scrooge says: "Well, since you're here, ye may as well look around."
Nephews says: "Oh boy!"
Scrooge says: "But don't touch anything!"
One screen-wipe later, we see the nephews fishing in the vault.
Louie says: "I got another one!"
Dewey says: "It's a greenback snapper!"
Huey says: "Aw, it's only a fifty."
Huey says: "Throw it back!"
Just as Louie has pulled the dollar bill up, Scrooge comes in and grabs it.
Scrooge says: "What do you think you're doing!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Huey says: "We weren't gonna keep it!"
Louie says: "We were just playin'!"
Scrooge says: "Money is to be taken seriously."
Scrooge says: "Didn't your Uncle Donald teach you anything?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Huey says: "Sure."
Huey says: "How to play ball."
Louie says: "How to cross the streets."
Dewey says: "And how to avoid strangers."
Dewey says: "Come on."
The nephews sulkingly walk out of the vault.
Scrooge says: "I'd rather face all the Beagle Boys than those three!"
And that's our cue to fade to the jail cell inhabited by three of the series' regular Beagle Boys - Big Time, Burger, and Bouncer. Big Time is writing tally marks on the wall while Bouncer rests on the prison cot and Burger reads a book.
Big Time says: "As near as I can figure, we've hit Scrooge's Money Bin 299 times."
Bouncer says: "Well, 300's the charm!"
Burger says: "Yeah!"
Burger says: "But foist we gotta get outta here."
Prison guard says: "Someone's tryin' to sweeten your disposition."
Prison guard says: "Enjoy!"
Burger jumps out of his chair and tears open the box to find...
Burger says: "Oh boy!"
Burger says: "Bon-bons!"
He takes one out and eats it. The "bon-bon" then blows up inside him, and he burps.
Prison guard says: "Gesundheit!"
Big Time says: "Dose aren't bon-bons, Burger; dey're boom-booms!"
Bouncer says: "Duh, look, Big Time, a note!"
Big Time says: ""Use these to escape tonight, then meet me at the L'Orange Theater."
Big Time says: "Signed, El Capitán."
Big Time says: "" I don't know who this El Capitán is, but I sure like his..."
Big Time says: "style!"
Back at the Money Bin, Scrooge is sitting in his office.
Scrooge says: "If only boarding schools weren't so expensive!"
Scrooge says: "Ach, I need to cheer up."
Scrooge says: "Send in the solicitors!"
Solicitor #1 says: "Mr."
Solicitor #1 says: "McDuck, would you care to contribute to the Retired Panhandlers of America?"
Scrooge says: "No!"
Scrooge says: "Next!"
But before the guy can even mention who he's working for, Scrooge has a hose come out from the wall and spray him out of the office. Scrooge laughs even harder.
Scrooge says: "I could do this all day!"
Scrooge says: "Next!"
Junior Woodchuck recruiter says: "--uh, to keeping boys so bust collecting merit badges they can't get into trouble!"
Scrooge says: "Tell me more."
Meanwhile, the nephews are looking around the hallway.
Louie says: ""Museum"."
Louie says: "Let's check it out!"
Either Huey or Dewey says: "Neat!"
Either Huey or Dewey says: "Unca Donald would love that!"
Whichever one of them didn't say the last line says: "Let's take a closer look!"
Back in Scrooge's office, the recruiter, still being grabbed by the mechanical arms, is still giving his pitch.
Recruiter says: "And finally, that famous fountain of knowledge, the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook!"
He takes a copy of the guidebook out of his suitcase and gives it to Scrooge. Suddenly, Scrooge hears an alarm going off.
Scrooge says: "My museum!"
Recruiter says: "Thank yoooooooouuuu!"
Scrooge dashes to the museum when he suddenly sees the nephews stacked up, with Dewey taking the ship off of its stand.
Huey says: "Oops!"
Huey says: "Whoooa!"
The nephews lose their footing and collapse, tossing the ship into the air. Scrooge manages to catch it and puts it back on the stand.
Scrooge says: "I told you, no touching!"
Huey says: "We were gonna send that junky old boat to Unca Donald!"
Scrooge says: ""Junky"?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "It's a priceless artifact!"
Scrooge says: "Until further notice, you are grrrrounded."
The nephews hang their heads in shame.
That night, back at the jail, the Beagles have dug a small hole in the wall and placed some of the bombs in it. Big Time lights a match by striking it with his thumb.
Burger says: "Can't I have just one?"
Big Time says: "Shhh!"
Big Time says: "Now get down!"
He proceeds to light the fuse on the bombs. One explosion later, the three Beagles are now out of the prison and make their way to...
Bouncer says: "Uh, Big Time, dis place gives me da creeps."
Big Time says: "So, where's this El Capitán character?"
El Capitán says: "Right here, caballeros."
Big Time says: "So why did you spring us anyway?"
El Capitán says: "You are all experts on Scrooge McDuck's Money Bin."
El Capitán says: "I want you to steal something from it for me."
Burger says: "Cash?"
Bouncer says: "Cash?"
El Capitán says: "No, hombres, something much more valuable."
Big Time says: "Well, what's more valuable than three cubic acres of cash?"
El Capitán says: "A small, wooden ship."
Commercial break.
Meanwhile, back at McDuck Manor, Scrooge is pacing around his worry room as Duckworth watches.
Scrooge says: "Donald dumped them in my lap, so now they're my responsibility."
Scrooge says: "But curse their feathers!"
Scrooge says: "They're such troublesome little brats!"
Duckworth says: "Indubitably, sir."
Scrooge says: "How did I let Donald talk me into taking care of those little beasts?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
The nephews turn away from the worry room.
Huey says: "I toldja he didn't want us!"
Louie says: "Right!"
Louie says: "Let's get outta here!"
Scrooge says: "The worst thing about it is the little nose-punchers remind me of m'self at that age - cunning, sharp, resourceful."
Duckworth says: "Don't go soft, sir."
Scrooge says: "No, Duckworth, I've been wrong."
Scrooge says: "I'm going to make it up to them in the morning."
The nephews, however, are wandering the streets of Duckburg.
Louie says: "Unca Donald'll take us back."
Louie says: "You'll see!"
The camera suddenly cuts to El Capitan waiting by a lamp post not far from Scrooge's Money Bin.
Huey says: "Hey, who's that?"
Huey says: "Looks suspicious."
Dewey says: "What's he starin' at?"
Louie says: "Look!"
Louie says: "Someone's in Unca Scrooge's Money Bin!"
Huey says: "Let's check it out!"
Huey says: "Shhh."
The nephews sneak in through the open door and walk down the hallway until they hear Big Time talking. The nephews hide behind the corner and see Big Time talking to Burger, who's holding the flashlight.
Big Time says: "How do I know where this ship is?!"
Big Time says: "!"
Big Time says: "What do I look like, a little wooden sailor!"
Big Time says: "?"
Big Time says: "Just look everywhere!"
Big Time says: "Here, take the map, Burger."
As he hands the map to Burger, Burger has trouble grabbing and lets the flashlight slip out of his hands and bounce off of Big Time's head. Big Time looks at his brother disapprovingly in response.
Huey says: "We gotta get help!"
Bouncer says: "Hey!"
Bouncer says: "Some kids!"
Bouncer says: "Grab 'em!"
Louie says: "Run for it!"
Big Time says: "Don't let 'em get away!"
The nephews make a run for it through the hallway. Dewey suddenly stops when passing by a fire hose.
Dewey says: "Hey, a landing cable!"
Bouncer says: "Hey!"
Bouncer says: "Come back, you rugrats!"
As the Beagles make their way in pursuit, Huey and Louie take the hose and stretch it across the sides of the hall so that when the Beagles come running up, they trip over it.
Louie says: "A perfect three-punk landing!"
Louie says: "Hehehehe!"
Huey says: "Head for the museum!"
Huey says: "I got an idea!"
Big Time says: "Dast-blast the gosh-darn blankety heck!"
The Beagles pick themselves up and continue their pursuit as the nephews approach the pedestal with the wooden ship.
Huey says: "Quick!"
Huey says: "The human ladder!"
Louie and Dewey stack up on top of their red-clad brother to perform that oddly-named strategy just as the Beagles show up, little realizing the nephews just led them to what they're looking for.
Burger says: "Gotcha!"
Undaunted, Dewey grabs the ship, causing the alarm to go off and startle the Beagles. Back at McDuck Manor, Scrooge is woken from his sleep by the sound of the alarm.
Scrooge says: "My Money Bin!"
Scrooge says: "Duckworth, get the limo!"
Back at the bin...
Big Time says: "Hey, dat's da ship!"
Big Time says: "Okay twerp, hand it over!"
Dewey says: "No way, Beagle Bum!"
Big Time grabs Huey as they start running away, but Louie and Dewey jump off of him. Bouncer then grabs Dewey, who passes the ship to Louie, only for Burger to grab him and take the ship.
Burger says: "Got it, Big Time!"
Big Time says: "Great!"
Big Time says: "Now let's get outta here!"
Scrooge's limo pulls up, but by now he's too late and the Beagles have already left with the ship. As Scrooge runs in with his blunderbuss, he bumps into the nephews, who fortunately happened to grab the map that the Beagles left behind.
Nephews says: "Beagle Boys!"
Nephews says: "Hurry!"
Nephews says: "Quick!"
Nephews says: "The Beagle Boys!"
Scrooge says: "QUIET!!"
Back at McDuck Manor, Scrooge is in the attic, scolding the nephews.
Scrooge says: "Running away from home, breaking and entering, lying about the Beagle Boys..."
Louie says: "But they were THERE!"
Scrooge says: "And didn't touch a single coin?"
Scrooge says: "Right."
Louie says: "No, Unca Scrooge, they were after the boat!"
Scrooge says: "As I recall, the only thieves interested in that old relic were you three!"
Dewey says: "But we found a map!"
Scrooge says: "Enough!"
Scrooge says: "It's late and I have an important interview in the morning at my candy factory."
Scrooge says: "Boarding school's not looking so expensive after all!"
Huey says: "We were only tryin' to help..."
Scrooge just exists, slamming the door behind him.
Dewey says: "Hey, look what's on the other side of this - an old theatrical flier!"
Either Huey or Louie says: "But the L'Orange Theater's been closed for years!"
Dewey says: "You don't suppose..."
All 3 says: "The Beagle Boys' hideout!"
Louie says: "We can get the ship back and show Unca Scrooge we're not as rotten as he thinks!"
One screen-wipe later, we see the boys are constructing a hang-glider.
Dewey says: "Y'know, this Junior Woodchucks Guidebook is full of great ideas!"
Huey says: "Rats!"
Huey says: "Duckworth's still guardin' the stairs!"
Dewey says: "That's okay; this way'll be quicker anyway!"
Another screen-wipe later, the boys are at the attic window with their newly-completed hang-glider.
Huey says: "Uh, maybe this isn't such a good idea."
Huey says: "I mean, what do woodchucks really know about flyin' anyway?"
Louie says: "There's only one way to find out."
Louie says: "Geronimooooo!"
Louie says: "Hey, it works, just like book said!"
Dewey says: "Great!"
Dewey says: "Now how do we land?"
Louie says: "Land?"
Louie says: "Ohh, I forgot to read that chapter!"
Huey says: "What!"
Huey says: "?"
Just then, the hang glider hits the wall and breaks apart.
Nephews says: "Yaaaaah!"
Fortunately, they land on the awning below and slide into Scrooge's pool.
Huey says: "It may be quicker, but it sure is wetter!"
Later, at the L'Orange Theater, the Beagles are at a table on the stage, discussing the ship with El Capitan.
Big Time says: "Sure, you sent us the explosives, but now that we have the ship..."
As Big Time continues speaking, the nephews pop up in the seats in front of the stage, keeping hidden from the bad guys' view.
Dewey says: "Look!"
Dewey says: "There's that suspicious guy we saw on the street."
Huey says: "Let's get a closer look."
As the nephews move in to do just that, the camera focuses on the villains.
El Capitan says: "Señor, the agreement was your freedom for the ship!"
El Capitan says: "I have kept my part of the bargain, so hand it over!"
Big Time says: "Hey, not so fast, grampa!"
Big Time says: "Foist, we wanna know why it's so valuable."
Big Time says: "A priceless antique?"
Big Time says: "An expensive work of art?"
Big Time says: "Not talkin', eh?"
El Capitan says: "All right, I'll tell you!"
El Capitan says: "It's a map."
El Capitan says: "It leads to a sunken treasure."
El Capitan says: "A ship full of oro."
El Capitan says: "Gold!"
El Capitan says: "But it is in code."
El Capitan says: "Without me to interpret it for you mental midgets, it is worthless!"
As El Capitan speaks, the nephews are seen sneaking backstage and Louie starts untying a rope that's obviously supporting something above the stage.
Big Time says: "Okay, Capitan, maybe we can talk a deal."
Suddenly, a wrecking ball prop crashes through the table, causing the villains to toss the ship into the air. Dewey catches it and the Beagles come running at the triplets. Huey unties another support rope, causing a fake brick wall to land in front of the Beagles, who crash into it. The fake brick wall then falls on top of the three burglars.
Louie says: "Let's get outta here!"
The nephews start running for the exit, but are stopped by El Captain, who has one of the chairs in one hand and a bat in the other.
El Capitan says: "Give me the ship, ninos, or I'll play castanets with your empty little heads!"
Commercial break.
El Capitan says: "Give the ship to me, ninos."
The Beagle Boys then rip off a piece of a curtain.
Big Time says: "Rush 'em!"
They then run behind the triplets and throw the curtain over them.  They then disappear underneath the curtain as Big Time lifts it up.
Big Time says: "What in the-?"
Big Time says: "Don't just stand there."
Big Time says: "Help me!"
Big Time says: "It's gotta be around here someplace."
All three Beagle Boys jump around trying to find an area where the nephews could have disappeared.
Burger says: "What does?"
A trap door opens up underneath them.
Big Time says: "A trap door?"
The three fall into the trap as they land on some bags and cough.  Pans to the boys pushing to open the door.
Huey says: "How'd you know there was a trap door, Dewey?"
Dewey says: "I didn't."
El Capitan says: "No!"
El Capitan says: "They're getting away!"
The nephews manage to open the door and they run out with the Beagle Boys following them.
El Capitan says: "Get them, you barnacles!"
El Capitan says: "No!"
El Capitan says: "No, no!"
El Capitan says: "I can't lose it now!"
El Capitan says: "Not again."
El Capitan says: "Not again!"
The Beagle Boys run outside, where it is now suddenly morning. Big Time spots the nephews climbing an escape ladder.
Big Time says: "There!"
On the roof, the nephews pause to catch their breath.
Louie says: "I wish Unc!"
Louie says: "Scrooge was here."
Louie says: "He's beat these turkeys a dozen of times!"
Huey says: "Unca Scrooge!"
Huey says: "That's it!"
Huey says: "He's at his candy factory right now!"
Dewey says: "Let's go!"
At the candy factory...
Scrooge says: "This vat alone holds enough chocolate to make a candy bar the sized of my money bin: Reporter: Then how do you explain your phenomenal wealth, Mr."
Scrooge says: "McDuck?"
Scrooge says: "Simple, I made it while being smarter than the smarties and tougher than the toughies."
El Capitan says: "They're going to get away."
El Capitan says: "They're going to get away."
Back at the candy factory.
Reporter says: "Well, Mr."
Reporter says: "McDuck, your family must be very proud of you."
Scrooge says: "My what?"
Reporter says: "Your family."
Reporter says: "The people you love: Scrooge: Well, I never really..."
Reporter says: "That is, I-I-I-I..."
Reporter says: "Surely there must be someone you spend your time with?"
Reporter says: "After all, money isn't everything."
As she talks, we briefly cut to the nephews, walking across telephone wires. We cut back to Scrooge.
Scrooge says: "I'm very busy, you see, and well, no time for..."
Scrooge says: "to tell you the truth, my life is pretty lonely."
Scrooge says: "If it weren't for those pesky nephews, I..."
Scrooge says: "Yes, my nephews!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, they're grand lads."
Scrooge says: "Quick, feisty, just like me."
Scrooge says: "We're all change out of the same dollar, if you know what I mean."
As Scrooge talks, we cut back to the nephews still walking across that telephone wire as the Beagle Boys approach said wire from the rooftop. Big Time breaks the end of the wire which somehow does not electrocute any of them and shakes it, causing HD&L to jump up into the air, but they manage to grab onto the wire when they come back down. Big Time is nearly pulled off the roof by the wire but his brothers grab him and he loses the wire, sending the nephews swinging downward.
HD says: "Yeow!"
L says: "Yeow!"
Back at the candy factory...
Scrooge says: "I wish they were here so you could meet them."
As if on cue, HD&L come crashing through a window and land in a vat of yellow frosting. The boys stick their heads out and Louie holds up the ship.
Louie says: "Unca Scrooge!"
Louie says: "We got your ship!"
Just then, the Beagle Boys come crashing through a window too, and land in a vat of gumballs. The vat is emptied, resulting in the Beagles scrambling around due to the gumballs under the feet.
Reporter says: "Keep rolling, keep rolling!"
Cameraman says: "They are!"
All of Scrooge's employees run like mad as the nephews approach him.
Scrooge says: "What's going on?"
Louie says: "It's a treasure map, Unca Scrooge!"
Dewey says: "And they want it!"
The Beagles fall flat on the floor.
Scrooge says: "Get out of here, boys."
Scrooge says: "I'll handle this."
Huey says: "No sir, Unca Scrooge!"
Dewey says: "We're all in this..."
Louie says: "Together!"
Scrooge says: "Good, lads!"
Scrooge says: "I've not yet begun to fight!"
Dewey gathers a big rubber band from one of the machines and a pie from a conveyor belt as Bouncer and Burger chase Scrooge. After turning a corner, Scrooge calls out...
Scrooge says: "Fire, Dewey!"
Dewey says: "Bon appetit!"
Dewey catapults the pie in Bouncer's face, sending him stumbling backward a bit. Scrooge then pulls a switch that opens a trap door under Bouncer's feet.
Bouncer says: "Whoa!"
Bouncer manages to grab the edge of the trap doorway, but Burger then stumbles into it, causing them to break through. The nephews walk up to Scrooge.
Dewey says: "Where'd he go, Unca Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "To a tank of caramel!"
Bouncer says: "Whoo hoo hoo hoo!"
Scrooge says: "Hot caramel!"
Scrooge says: "Come on lads, one to go."
Cut back to the reporter and cameraman.
Reporter says: "Are you getting all this?"
Cameraman says: "I'm trying, I'm trying!"
Huey is holding a hose and watches his brothers and uncle walk by when suddenly Big Time grabs him.
Big Time says: "Hey McDuck, look what I got!"
Big Time says: "I want my boys and the boat now, or else!"
Dewey says: "Oh, no, Unca Scrooge!"
Dewey says: "He's got Huey!"
Scrooge says: "Don't give up the ship, boys."
Scrooge says: "We're not through yet."
Scrooge says: "All right, Big Time, it's a deal."
Scrooge says: "We're releasing the others."
Scrooge says: "Just don't harm the boy."
Bouncer and Burger, covered in caramel, rejoin Big Time as Scrooge approaches him with the ship and gives it to him.
Big Time says: "Whaddaya know, boys!"
Big Time says: "Scrooge is a old softie after all!"
Huey says: "Sorry, Unca Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "Never mind."
Scrooge says: "Just walk faster."
Big Time says: "What a sweet deal!"
Scrooge says: "Sweeter than you think!"
Scrooge says: "Now, boys!"
Dewey and Louie flip a switch that turns over the giant vat of chocolate Scrooge was referring to earlier. The Beagle Boys turn around and realize the vat is tipping over them.
Beagles says: "Aah!"
The chocolate floods out of the vat and overtakes the Beagle Boys, during which Big Time loses the ship, which sails over the chocolate like it was water, as the Ducks watch from the safety of the railings. We briefly cut to the exterior of the building to see chocolate flowing out the windows before cutting back to Scrooge and the nephews.
Scrooge says: "Now that's what I call sweet revenge!"
The camera pans over to the Beagles, covered in chocolate, which hardens around them, as the reporter speaks.
Reporter says: "This eyewitness coverage of the amazing capture of the Beagle Boys was brought to you live by this station."
Scrooge finds the ship among the chocolate mess and pulls it out, leaving a ship-shaped indent behind and setting up an important plot point for the next episode, as he says...
Scrooge says: "So lads, you weren't lying about the Beagle Boys."
Scrooge says: "I should have trusted you."
Huey says: "Aw, that's okay, Uncle Scrooge: Scrooge: No, you deserve a reward."
Huey says: "I'll move you from the attic to the garage!"
They all have a laugh when suddenly the Junior Woodchuck Recruiter from earlier runs into the candy factory.
Junior Woodchuck Recruiter says: "I saw it all on television!"
Junior Woodchuck Recruiter says: "It was incredible!"
Junior Woodchuck Recruiter says: "No Woodchuck ever won so many merit badges in such a short time!"
Junior Woodchuck Recruiter says: "Citizenship, urban survival, law enforcement, circus arts..."
Junior Woodchuck Recruiter says: "Which badge will you go for next?"
Louie says: "How about treasure hunting, Uncle Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "Who knows?"
Scrooge says: "We make a great team."
Scrooge says: "Don't we lads."
Scrooge says: "Give me four!"
Nephews says: "Aw, Unca Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "Ah, what a family!"
Unbeknownst to them, however, El Capitan is watching them.
El Capitan says: "You haven't won the treasure yet, McDuck."
El Capitan says: "Beware!"
To be continued...