The episode commences with a shot of McDuck Manor. Louie is sulking in his room after being grounded for almost destroying time and space.
Louie says: "OK, being grounded forever isn't so bad."
Louie says: "I've got my phone, my phone is also a TV, which is nice."
He turns the phone on only to find Della on the screen.
Della video.
Hi, Louie! You're super grounded, so I blocked your phone signal and replaced all your videos with this lecture on ethics!
Louie says: "Way ahead of you!"
Louie says: "Thank you, Huey."
Della video.
Nice try. The dictionary defines grounding as...
Louie says: "Oh, man."
Scrooge says: "Hurry up, kids!"
Scrooge says: "Adventure calls, and I've got a bet to win!"
Louie peeks through the window. Outside the manor, everyone is getting ready to go on an adventure.
Louie says: "Well, at least I can skip out on another insanely dangerous adventure- wait."
Louie says: "Hobo bindles?"
Louie says: "Cans of beans?"
Louie says: "A CAREFREE ATTITUDE!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie says: "They are NOT!"
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge, your bet with Glomgold is over in two days."
Huey says: "You clearly have more money than he does."
Huey says: "Doesn't this seem, I dunno, mean?"
Scrooge says: "I didn't come this far by not hunting for treasure, so to guarantee my victory we are going after the Hobo King's Ruby Bindle."
Dewey says: "We're going where there's Cherry Pep springs and the conman sings?"
Scrooge says: "Where the gold geyser spews cash just for youse!"
Della says: "Where all of your laziest, schemiest dreams come true!"
Louie says: "You're heading to Big Rock Candy Mountain!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie says: "Oh, I am going."
Della says: "No, you are still grounded."
Louie says: "What?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "No, WHAT?!"
Louie says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Err, come on kids, let's finish packing."
Louie says: "Big Rock Candy Mountain is the laziest quest of all time!"
Louie says: "It's my dream."
Della says: "Your last "dream" made you take treasure from the past, which almost destroyed time, space, and your family!"
Della says: "Now, to your room!"
Della says: "You can come out when you learn that no good ever came from cockamamie schemes."
Cut to one Flintheart Glomgold pulling one such scheme, by using a slingshot to fling himself into the Beagle's junkyard.
Glomgold says: "Ready..."
Glomgold says: "Aim..."
Glomgold says: "GLOMGO!"
He fires, hitting the junkyard sign, the fence, then falling to the ground on the otherside of the gate. The Beagle Boys move to grab him. When Glomgold wakes up, he's being held upside down, causing him to scream. Ma Beagle pushes her way through the Beagles.
Ma says: "Flintheart, ya trespassin'."
Ma says: "Get him out of here."
Glomgold says: "WAIT!"
Glomgold says: "I'm not here to rob you, I'm here to recruit you!"
Ma says: "The Beagle Boys ain't for sale."
Glomgold says: "I'm not looking for a henchman, I'm looking for a "family"."
Ma says: "What?"
Glomgold says: "Because family is the greatest scheme of all!"
Cue Glomgold's "Theme Song Takeover" in place of the normal intro.
Glomgold says: "I finally figured out why I keep losing to Scrooge!"
Ma says: "You're a moron?"
Ma says: "Your plans are terrible?"
Ma says: "He's smarter and stronger and craftier and..."
Glomgold says: "WRONG!"
Glomgold says: "It's his family."
Glomgold says: "He's got a whole team who work harder and cheaper because they, I don't know, love him?"
Glomgold says: "Blech!"
Glomgold says: "So, I'll get together a team- No, a "family" capable of wiping out Scrooge and his whole brood!"
Glomgold says: "Why together, we should able to take them down in two days tops!"
Glomgold says: "Right now..."
Glomgold says: "I need nephews, and a Beakley."
Big Time says: "Please, Ma?"
Big Time says: "Let us keep him."
Bouncer says: "Burger's right."
Bouncer says: "We could use a strong male figure in our lives."
Glomgold walks up to the group. Ma turns and hits him with her bag, sending him flying.
Ma says: "Two days, huh?"
Ma says: "This ain't about family."
Ma says: "This is about your stupid bet with Scrooge, ain't it?"
Glomgold nods says: "Ma: You dug your own grave, Glomgold."
Glomgold nods says: "It's time you laid in it."
Glomgold says: "No, please!"
Glomgold says: "I cannae!"
Glomgold says: "I cannae!"
Ma says: "Spit it out!"
Glomgold says: "I CANNAE BEAT SCROOGE MCDUCK, ALRIGHT?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Glomgold says: "I'm gonna lose everything."
Glomgold says: "I've spent my whole life trying to best him, but I cannae!"
Glomgold says: "None of us can!"
Ma says: "Glomgold: On our own."
the Classics look shocked says: "Glomgold: On our own."
Ma says: "But, if we work together to destroy him and his family before the bet is over, it all goes to us."
the Classics look shocked says: "But, if we work together to destroy him and his family before the bet is over, it all goes to us."
Ma says: "Everything Scrooge owns, including..."
the Classics look shocked says: "Everything Scrooge owns, including..."
Ma says: "..."
Ma says: "the deed to Duckburg."
Glomgold says: "Which I could share with my "family"."
Glomgold whispering.
I only need three...
Ma says: "Never mind!"
Back at the manor, Louie watches the Sunchaser fly off into the distance.
Louie says: "Bye, family!"
Louie says: "I'm very sad I'm missing my dream vacation and definitely not gonna scheme my way to Big Rock Candy Mountain before you!"
Louie says: "Yeah, right..."
He opens the door to find a DT-87 drone hovering in front of him.
DT-87.
SCHEME DETECTED. Louie backs off SCHEME DETECTED. SCHEME DETECTED.
Della DT-87.
Hi, sweetie! I thought you might try to worm your way out of being grounded so I had Gyro program the DT-87 to babysit you AND to stop you from scheming. Hopefully, it doesn't turn evil. Love you!
Louie says: "Wow, DT!"
Louie says: "New screen looks great."
Louie says: "Listen, I wanna know what the rules are so I can follow them."
Louie says: "What is considered a scheme?"
Louie says: "Is it different from a "plan", or a "plot", and where do you come down on "ruses"?"
DT-87 beeps.
Louie says: "Exactly!"
Louie says: "We need clarification, so I'll just pop over to Big Rock Candy Mountain to ask my mom for a clear definition."
Louie says: "Yep, just so we're on the same page, you know."
DT-87.
REQUEST DENIED. SCHEME DETECTED.
Louie says: "What?!"
Louie says: "!"
DT-87.
SCHEME DETECTED. fires electric bolts at Louie, incinerating his bindle.
Louie says: "Oh, come on, that was a playful deception at best!"
At Waddle.
Beaks says: "I dunnoooooooo, G-gle."
Glomgold says: "What don't you know?"
Glomgold says: "We team up to take down Scrooge and his family."
Glomgold says: "The drawings are very clear."
Beaks says: "Yeah, I don't take down, I build."
Beaks says: "My rep."
Beaks says: "Check it!"
Beaks says: "My own online currency, B-B-B-B-BeaksCoin!"
Beaks says: "It is worth more than every dollar in the world, combined."
Big Time grabs Beaks by his clothes.
Big Time says: "Tell us where it is!"
Beaks says: "It's in the Cloud?"
Bouncer looks out the window and sees a cloud. He picks up Burger and throws him through the window.
Ma says: "This is a waste of time."
Ma says: "Let's roll."
Glomgold says: "But we need him to fight Gyro's technological doohickery."
Ma says: "Beaks isn't a real threat anyway."
Beaks says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Glomgold says: "Oh, right, fine, er..."
Glomgold says: "Yes!"
Glomgold says: "What kind of "weak, non-threatening hack" would rely on "technology" to defeat Scrooge?"
Beaks says: "Ex-cuse you?!"
Beaks says: "!"
Beaks says: "Technology is the jam!"
Beaks says: "I can wipe out your past, your future, your entire existence with a swipe of my finger!"
Beaks says: "Because I am the future - and yes, "broseph" and "brosephine", I am Scrooge's downfall!"
Beaks says: "I am Mark Beaks!"
He laughs while making finger pistols and shooting them, making "pew" noises as he does.
Beaks says: "I'm in."
Glomgold says: "Welcome to the family."
Burger falls into the bushes outside the building, causing everyone to look.
Back at McDuck Manor, DT-87 is standing guard outside Louie's room.
Louie says: "zzz..."
Louie says: "Snoring..."
Louie says: "zzz..."
Louie says: "no need to check..."
DT-87 deactivates the lasers in front of Louie's room and goes to check on him, finding a dummy hidden in his bed.
Louie says: "Definitely snoring..."
DT-87 chases after another Louie and throws open the curtain where he's hiding, only to discover another fake.
Fine, you caught me. Look, I feel terrible. I deserve to stay here in the dark to think about my actions.
DT-87 narrows its eyes and smashes the tape recorder. The real Louie crawls out of bed behind the first dummy.
Louie says: "Yes!"
Louie says: "Classic double-dummy fakeout!"
He climbs out of the window with a bindle, but stops when DT-87 floats up in front of him.
Louie deep voice.
Um, I am also a fake- gets zapped.
Meanwhile, Glomgold's hot air balloon is being fired upon by the Iron Vulture, Don Karnage's battleship. One cannonball goes through the basket right next to Beaks.
Beaks says: "Why are we here!"
Beaks says: "?"
Glomgold says: "We need a pilot!"
Ma says: "You could have just hired one!"
Glomgold says: "With that kind of small thinking, we'll never beat Scrooge!"
Behind the balloon, the beak of the Iron Vulture begins to open. Burger tries to warn the group, but the balloon is brought in and subsequently deflated. Big Time flees from a sword-wielding pirate, Mark Beaks is curled up in a corner whimpering, and Don Karnage and Glomgold are dueling with a sword and cane.
Don Karnage says: "So, you seek the assistance of the charismatic corsair, the resplendent privateer, the..."
Glomgold says: "Ugh, can we move this along?"
Glomgold says: "We're kind of on a deadline."
Glomgold says: "Join us and we'll give you the vengeance that you claim!"
Don Karnage subdues Glomgold and then, holds him at sword point.
Don Karnage says: "Everyone, take five!"
Everyone stops fighting. Bouncer punches one of Don Karnage's crew members away.
Don Karnage says: "I will join you, but I, Don Karnage, must be the one to strike our foe down."
Glomgold says: "No way!"
Glomgold says: "I've got dibs on destroying Scrooge!"
Glomgold says: "It's my whole thing!"
Don Karnage says: "Scrooge?"
Don Karnage says: "No, no, no, no."
Don Karnage says: "I want Dewey Duck."
Ma says: "Uh, which one's Dewey?"
Don Karnage says: "The blue one."
Don Karnage says: "The one who dared steal the spotlight from Don Kar..."
Don Karnage says: "!"
Glomgold says: "Sure, fine."
Glomgold says: "Whatever."
Don Karnage says: "Can I also sing..."
Don Karnage says: "as well?"
All in unison says: "No!"
Don Karnage says: "But I can destroy Dewey Duck?"
Glomgold says: "Yes."
Glomgold and Don Karnage laugh maniacally.
Glomgold says: "Now we're ready."
Glomgold says: "Family, set a course for McDuck Manor!"
Glomgold says: "The moment of reckoning is at hand!"
Don Karnage says: "Wait, who is that under your thumb?"
Glomgold says: "The whole world will be under my thumb when I- oh."
Glomgold says: "Ach, I forgot to get a Webby."
Big Time says: "But we need a Webby!"
Big Time says: "We can't take on Scrooge without a freakishly strong wild card!"
Beaks says: "Ooh, you know who might be fun?"
Glomgold says: "No."
Glomgold says: "Absolutely not."
Bouncer says: "She is Scrooge's greatest enemy..."
Glomgold says: "How dare you!"
Glomgold says: "We don't need her!"
Glomgold says: "As head of this family, what I say goes!"
Ma says: "Family vote."
Ma says: "All in favour?"
Everyone else raises their hand.
Glomgold says: "Fine, let's go get Magica DeSpell."
Magica says: "Behold, in my wand lies the strength to fracture the cosmos."
Magica says: "I will make the world tremble at my slightest scour."
Kid says: "Ooh, I want a doggie balloon."
Magica says: "Here's a snake."
Magica says: "Once I re-harness my powers, I'll turn you all in to snakes."
Kid says: "What?"
Magica says: "Happy birthday."
Glomgold says: "Why do we want her?"
Glomgold says: "She's lost most of her powers."
Don Karnage says: "Perhaps it's a ruse."
Don Karnage says: "Perhaps she's biding her time before striking down her unsuspecting victims."
Kid says: "Ah choo!"
Mark Beaks says: "she's always."
Bouncer says: "She's good."
Ma Beagle says: "Or maybe you'd rather not destroy Scrooge and lose all your money to him instead."
Glomgold says: "Ugh, fine."
Glomgold says: "I'll go talk to her."
Funso says: "2, 3, 4."
Happy happy birthday,.
It's a happy birthday,.
Funzo says: "The fun zone!"
Funzo says: "heh heh eh eh."
Glomgold says: "This is me pretending to talk."
Glomgold says: "I hate Scrooge more than you if I could."
Glomgold says: "Peas and carrots, peas and carrots, peas and carrots, vegetables."
Glomgold says: "Sorry, guys."
Glomgold says: "Magica said she's not interested."
Glomgold says: "Gah!"
Magica says: "Not interested in what?"
Glomgold says: "Nothing."
Glomgold says: "You're obviously very busy here."
Magica says: "Take out his family, and get our grim vengeance on Clan McDuck, and then we shall return here, and declare war against the day manager, and all children with birthdays!"
Funso says: "De Spell, what did we say about declaring magical war on children?"
Magica says: "Not to."
Magica says: "I couldn't be more in."
Glomgold says: "Ah, blind, petty revenge."
Glomgold says: "That's what family's all about."
Glomgold says: "Speaking of family, let's go end Scrooge's!"
Big Time says: "You guys, our family is awesome."
Louie says: "DT87, it's me, Huey."
DT87.
Incoming call from, Huey.
Huey says: "Hey, Louie."
Huey says: "Cool hat."
Louie says: "Thanks a lot, Huey!"
Huey says: "You would love this place."
Huey says: "We're floating up a river of fresh, natural spring Pep."
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "Really?"
Louie says: "Describe the flavor to me in intimate detail."
Della says: "Describe nothing!"
Della says: "He hasn't earned it."
Della says: "It's the Hobo King on a gold silk reclining throne."
Della says: "He's glorious."
Louie says: "Just turn the camera slightly to the right."
Louie says: "Aw, it's not fair."
Louie says: "what is so wrong with an innocent scheme?"
DT87.
Accessing footage.
Della says: "Ethics is concerned with how your actions negatively affect those around you."
Louie says: "Ugh."
Della says: "Look, your plans, your schemes, they only lead to bad things for your family."
Della says: "If you want to be a part of this family, you've got to stop."
Louie says: "Hngh, This is the one thing I'm good at."
Louie says: "Why can't you see?"
The villains are preparing to attack says: "Ma Beagle: Alright, hotshot."
The villains are preparing to attack says: "You got everybody, now what do we do?"
Glomgold says: "What our family does best."
Glomgold says: "Destroy his."
The iron vulture attacks McDuck Manor.
DT87.
Scheme detected. Scheme detected. Bouncer smashes DT87 to the ground Scheme detected. Scheme detected detected.
Louie says: "Must call Gizmoduck."
Louie says: "Must call the military."
Louie says: "Must call anybody."
Mark Beaks says: "Do do do."
Mark Beaks says: "We're sorry."
Mark Beaks says: "The number you're trying to reach has been blocked cause we're invading your house."
Mark Beaks says: "Alright, see you in a sec, 'kay thanks."
Mark Beaks says: "Bye."
Duckworth says: "Hm,  Get out!"
Magica says: "A demon butler."
Magica says: "How quaint."
Magica says: "Would you like to take my coat, shawl, or ghost banishing amulet?"
Magica says: "Hah!"
Duckworth says: "Auugh!"
Duckworth says: "Augh!"
Glomgold says: "Daddy's home."
Glomgold says: "Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
Louie says: "Oh no!"
Louie says: "Magica De Spell!"
Glomgold says: "Huh?"
Glomgold says: "Grr."
Glomgold says: "We've come for McDuck and family."
Glomgold says: "So, uh, are the others here?"
Louie says: "N- No, they're all gone."
Glomgold says: "Oh, I see."
Glomgold says: "Family meeting, augh!"
Ma Beagle says: "Unbelievable."
Ma Beagle says: "You didn't even check if they were home?"
Glomgold says: "Don't start with me, Katherine."
Don Karnage says: "Dewey's not even here?"
Don Karnage says: "But this one means nothing to me."
Magica says: "Look, we're here."
Magica says: "Why don't we annihilate the green one as sort of a warm up?"
Louie says: "And then what?"
Louie says: "What was your scheme here, exactly?"
Louie says: "Just show up and fight?"
Ma Beagle says: "Of course not."
Ma Beagle says: "I'm sure Flintheart had a perfectly good plan and- ugh."
Glomgold says: "My scheme was to bring us all together like a family, and then our family destroys his family."
Glomgold says: "How is that not a plan?"
Glomgold says: "A good scheme is like a family."
Glomgold says: "It can be big, complicated, frustrating, and people may not always understand it."
Glomgold says: "But when the individual parts come together, they can achieve the impossible."
Glomgold says: "And a family united is the finest scheme of all."
Ma Beagle says: "Who cares?"
Ma Beagle says: "In half an hour, McDuck's gonna win the bet, and become twice as rich and powerful."
Mark Beaks says: "All those resources."
Magica says: "All those magical artifacts."
Magica says: "None of us will be able to destroy him."
Don Karnage says: "He will become untouchable."
Big Time says: "What do we do now, New Pa?"
Glomgold says: "Uh, even if I lose my fortune, we can still kill McDuck."
Ma Beagle says: "Well then, your fortune goes to his family."
Glomgold says: "Then we'll destroy his whole family."
Glomgold says: "Ah ha ha ha ha!"
Louie says: "I know how you can win the bet, but I want in."
Owlson says: "Mr."
Owlson says: "McDuck, I believe congratulations are in order."
Scrooge says: "Why, thank you Owlson."
Scrooge says: "We're looking forward to having you on the team."
Owlson says: "Obviously I'm upset that I'll be forced to work with a successful, competent businessman who can make all my business dreams come true."
Owlson says: "Very sad day."
Owlson says: "It's a very sad day."
Scooge says: "Where is Flinty, anyway?"
Della says: "I'm gonna head to the mansion to give Louie his hobo souvenir."
Della says: "I'm worried about him."
Huey says: "The DT87 hasn't reported a single scheme in 24 hours."
Huey says: "Everything's fine."
Scrooge says: "Yuh."
Glomgold says: "Not so fast, McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "I knew this day would come."
Scrooge says: "Magica's grand revenge."
Glomgold says: "I'm clearly standing in front!"
Glomgold says: "Lo, our moment is at hand."
Glomgold says: "For years, I schemed the one."
Glomgold says: "Now, I've added the family strength to my grand vision."
Magica says: "And then cower before Magica De Spell, whose hatred is unbound by time and space."
Ma Beagle says: "Your time is up, McDuck."
Ma Beagle says: "The Mighty Beagleburg will rise again!"
Mark Beaks says: "For a new day is on the horizon and it belongs to those with the superior intellect, A."
Mark Beaks says: "K."
Mark Beaks says: "A."
Mark Beaks says: "me."
Glomgold says: "Hey, we can't all make declarations of hatred at the same time,  and the name of vengeance shall be Glomgold!"
Glomgold says: "Ugh!"
Glomgold says: "Wait!"
Glomgold says: "Not yet!"
Fight ensues says: "Huey: Ugh, it's not my fault I'm a better showman."
Mark Beaks says: "I surrender!"
Mark Beaks says: "Where's Gyro?"
Mark Beaks says: "I'm supposed to be fighting Gyro!"
Fight continues says: "Magica: Out of my way, McDuck is mine!"
Glomgold says: "I never promised that!"
Magica says: "Fine, we'll split him, but I get the top half."
Glomgold says: "No!"
Glomgold says: "that's the part that screams!"
Glomgold says: "Ah!"
Magica says: "Not so fast!"
Glomgold says: "You're not so fast."
Glomgold says: "I'm the fastest."
Louie says: "Hey!"
Louie says: "Everybody knock it off!"
Family says: "Louie?"
Louie says: "This is not the plan."
Family says: "Louie!"
Scrooge says: "Lad, are you helping them?"
Glomgold says: "That's right, Scrooge."
Glomgold says: "You didn't win the bet."
Glomgold says: "I did!"
Family says: "Wait, what?"
Glomgold says: "It was I, Flintheart Glomgold, who convinced all the other villains to ban together."
Louie says: "And it was I, Louie Duck, who convinced them to hand their resources over to Glomgold."
Louie says: "Combined, they actually have more money than you."
Louie says: "I saved your lives, but..."
Scrooge says: "Glomgold wins the bet?"
Scrooge says: "Bless me bagpipes."
Glomgold says: "I did it."
Glomgold says: "I won the bet, and your company with a scheme sorted out by your own nephew, or should I say, my new partner."
Glomgold says: "And now I have your money, and your money."
Don Karnage says: "Hey!"
Glomgold says: "I don't need any of you."
Glomgold says: "I am the richest duck in the world!"
Glomgold says: "I am unstoppable!"
Glomgold says: "I am Flintheart Glomgold!"
Glomgold says: "Ah ha ha ha ha ha!"
Glomgold says: "Ah ha ha ha ha ha!"
Louie says: "Ha ha ha ha ha, Yep, Flintheart Glomgold won."
Louie says: "His name is on all the paperwork."
Louie says: "Only your name's not really Flintheart Glomgold."
Scrooge says: "Duke Baloney!"
Glomgold says: "Duke Baloney!"
Louie says: "Flintheart Glomgold is a fake identity."
Louie says: "so all your money, all your money, and all your money goes to your new partner, who is, hold on one sec, just let me check right here, oh right, me."
Louie says: "Always read the fine print, trademark Louie Duck."
Glomgold says: "What?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Glomgold says: "But that was my scheme!"
Glomgold says: "I got the family together!"
Glomgold says: "I was gonna steal their money from them after I won!"
Glomgold says: "I..."
Glomgold says: "..."
Glomgold says: "can explain."
Magica says: "Let me get this straight."
Magica says: "You stole all of our fortunes and lost it all to a child?!"
Magica says: "!"
Big Time says: "I wish I never had a new pa!"
Big Time runs away crying. Ma Beagle strikes Glomgold with her handbag.
Ma says: "You scarred him for life!"
Ma says: "That's my job!"
Burger tries to punch a dazed Glomgold, accidentally punching Bouncer and breaking his fingers at the same time as he yelps in pain. Glomgold is then confronted by Don Karnage.
Don Karnage says: "How could you betray us after such a dramatic speech about family?!"
Don Karnage says: "!"
Don Karnage and Glomgold duel again until Glomgold disarms Don Karnage with his cane, Glomgold backs up as he approaches Mark Beaks using his phone.
Mark says: "Face Punch app!"
Mark says: "Ow, ow, ow, selfie mode."
Magica says: "You've made a powerful enemy!"
Magica says: "I have enough hate in my heart for two Scottish billionaires!"
Scrooge, Della, and the kids watch as Magica beats up Glomgold off-screen.
Scrooge says: "Should we do something?"
Glomgold says: "Ahh!"
Louie says: "Eh, it'll take care of itself."
The villains corner Glomgold on the edge of the cliff as Glomgold adds a new beard until he jumps, falls into the ocean while screaming, and swims away.
Glomgold says: "Curse you, everyone!"
The other villains take back their fortunes, board the Iron Vulture, and leave. Louie watches them leave until he finds himself confronted by his mother approaching him, arms crossed, and then glaring down at him.
Louie says: "Mom, I know I messed up before, but seeing all the angles is what I'm good at."
Della says: "Okay, but you need to take care to not hurt the ones you love."
Della says: "And I'll be here to help you see the angles you can't."
Della says: "Now all you have to do is turn the new company over to Scrooge, and everything will go back to normal."
Scrooge says: "Louie!"
Scrooge says: "Louie?"
Louie says: "Hmm..."