Episode opens with Scrooge in his office at the Mansion, treasure spread across his desk.
Scrooge says: "Something is terribly wrong."
Scrooge begins walking through the Mansion.  Grunting is heard and Scrooge opens a door to find Webby, Lena, and Violet fighting a werewolf.
Scrooge says: "No."
Scrooge says: "That's not it."
Scrooge walks down the stairs hears faint wind noises and opens the door to the kitchen. Inside, Beakley and Dewey are caught in a windstorm stemming from a teapot.
Dewey says: "Woah!"
Scrooge says: "Tempest in a teapot."
Scrooge says: "Pesky, but manageable."
Scrooge approaches another door. In the living room, Della and Huey are dressed in fantasy game costumes in preparation for a game. On the projection screen is a loading screen for Legends of Legend Quest Dereznaroth.
Della says: "A prophesied hero has arrived."
Huey says: "A prophesied hero has arrived."
Della says: "A hero who is- You!"
Huey says: "A hero who is- You!"
Della says: "Rise, Legends of Legend Quest!"
Huey says: "Rise, Legends of Legend Quest!"
Scrooge says: "I mean, this is very wrong, but it's not this either."
Scrooge says: "I've checked the whole blasted mansion."
Scrooge says: "What could it be?"
Scrooge's eyes widen as he sees his chair turned away, the person sitting in it is flipping a coin into the air.  Goldie swivels around to face him.
Goldie says: "Morning, Scroogie."
Scrooge says: "Goldie!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Scrooge says: "What are you doing here!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Louie says: "She's with me."
Intro says: "Louie, Goldie, and Scrooge walk down the hallway."
Scrooge says: "Why?"
Scrooge says: "How?"
Scrooge says: "Why!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Louie says: "Your whole work really hard, make money square thing doesn't really work for me."
Louie says: "Goldie's make money easy with no downsides works much better with Louie Inc."
Louie says: "brand."
Scrooge says: "Hands off, you common thief!"
Scrooge says: "Don't let her get too close, lad."
Louie says: "Please, I'm a professional, I can handle this."
Cut to Louie locked in a trunk as Goldie robs his room.
Louie says: "How did this go so wrong so quickly!"
Louie says: "?"
Goldie says: "Better luck next time, rookie."
Louie says: "Rookie!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie says: "I'll have you know I'm the evil triplet, okay!"
Goldie says: "Not bad."
Goldie says: "Was that a Crocodile Water Works?"
Louie says: "The hero's guilt trip with a lone wolf gambit: Goldie: You know your cons."
Louie says: "So you'll teach me?"
Goldie says: "Only if you can get me in here."
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "No way!"
Louie says: "Not Doofus Drake's birthday!"
The letter reads  Doofus Drake's Septleventh Birth Anniversary Join the Obscenely Rich... and the Richly Obscene...
Cut back to the living room says: "Della: I can't believe this game's still around!"
Cut back to the living room says: "Scrooge and Donald used to come home to sleep after an adventure, but this baby let me quest all night long!"
Huey says: "This is gonna be epic!"
Transition into the video game.  Della's character has sci-fi armor and a large sword. Pan over to Huey's character who wears peasant clothes.
Huey says: "Let's do this!"
Della says: "So, what do you think the word epic means?"
Della says: "Epic."
Della says: "Real epic."
Della says: "So what's first?"
Della says: "Raid the Cyber Troll Citadel?"
Della says: "Crash the wedding of Princess Username and the demonic, yet alluring heartthrob goblin?"
Huey says: "Invaders!"
Huey says: "Stay away from my data farm!"
Huey says: "Yah!"
Huey says: "These Grind Hoppers drop three XP."
Della says: "But the impractically giant weapons!"
Della says: "?"
Della says: "The high-stakes adventure!"
Della says: "?"
Huey says: "Ha, ha."
Huey says: "You want high stakes?"
Huey says: "If I don't defend this crop, the whole village won't have turnips this season."
Huey says: "So- watch out!"
Huey says: "You're doing it!"
Transition to Doofus's party. Elevator doors open and the Beagle Boys are among the guests in family-like clothing. There is also a head-to-toe purple dressed bird with blonde hair and a cane. Mark Beaks is doing a selfie with a small parrot on his back. Mrs. Drake is carrying a tray and beside her, Randy is having a lollipop. Louie tries to stay in the elevator, Goldie pushes him out.  A Beagle Boy pulls a plank out of his mouth, the sign behind says 'Bobbing for splinters'.
Louie says: "- worth of stuff here!"
Louie attempts to take a bag, his hand is smacked away by Doofus's mom.
Doofus's Mom says: "Gift bags for guests as they depart, full of priceless heirlooms from Doofus's beloved Gummeemama, Frances."
Doofus's Mom says: "Gummeemama..."
Dad says: "Gummeemama..."
Doofus's Dad says: "The hour is at hand."
Louie says: "Great party, can't wait to tell my therapist about it when I'm older!"
Louie says: "Bye!"
Goldie says: "Nope."
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "Pretend to be family, bolt with our gift bags."
Louie says: "That's the con!"
Louie says: "Ah!"
Goldie says: "No, that's just being a bad party guest."
Goldie says: "Besides, we're not common thieves, we're con artists."
Goldie says: "And we're getting all the bags."
Louie says: "And how are we supposed to do that?"
Goldie says: "If I told you the whole plan upfront, you'd never learn anything."
Goldie says: "Also, I don't know yet."
Doofus's Dad says: "Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you perfection."
Doofus says: "Hello, Llewelyn."
Louie says: "I mean, happy birthday!"
Doofus says: "It warms my heart to see all my wonderful friends and your loving parents."
Doofus says: "It reminds me of my dear departed Gummeemama..."
Doofus's Mom says: "Gummeemama: Doofus:..."
Dad says: "Gummeemama: Doofus:..."
Doofus's Mom says: "the only parent I've ever known."
Dad says: "the only parent I've ever known."
Doofus's Dad says: "Why does he hurt me?"
Doofus's Mom says: "You know why."
Doofus says: "Unfortunately, there are filthy liars in our midst only after my gift bags!"
Doofus says: "Perceval P Peppington!"
Louie says: "He can smell lies!"
Doofus says: "Perceval, you disappoint me."
Doofus says: "If you're going to hire an actor to pretend to be your son, at least hire a child actor!"
Johney says: "Hey, I've got range!"
Perceval says: "This is some mix-up, I must have left my real son in the car."
Perceval says: "I'll go get him."
Doofus says: "Would you like to see my honey bin?"
Perceval says: "Don't you mean money bin?"
Doofus says: "No."
Louie says: "Oh man!"
Louie says: "Everyone was pulling the same con as us!"
Goldie says: "And we're the last ones standing."
Louie says: "Not exactly..."
Pan over to where Glomgold has a puppet and Mark Beaks is standing next to the grey parrot child who was on his shoulders earlier.
Glomgold says: "Sharkbomb, my boy, meet Doofus!"
Glomgold says: "Get off my back, Dad!"
Doofus scrutinizes Sharkbomb.
Doofus says: "Your blank stare is soothing."
Goldie says: "That's an awful lot of competition, maybe you should keep your distance, Sharpie."
Louie says: "No way!"
Louie says: "This is perfect, we expose the others as phonies to gain Doofus's trust, then get out of here with their leftover bags before we're exposed."
Goldie says: "Ambitious, dangerously overconfident..."
Goldie says: "let's do it!"
Louie says: "Mark Beaks!"
Louie says: "Meet my grandma-  Ow!"
Louie says: "Super young aunt Goldie, and- uh- wait, since when do you have a kid?"
Beaks says: "Since I realized how many likes family pics get online."
Beaks says: "Selfie burst!"
Boyd says: "Hi!"
Boyd says: "I'm Boyd!"
Louie says: "Sure you are."
Beaks says: "Yeah, I love this- what was it- son!"
Beaks says: "Anyways, look at all the cool stuff we did yesterday!"
Doofus says: "Awe, family memories."
Glomgold says: "Aye, what loving parent wouldn't keep a picture of his kid handy?"
Beaks says: "Goldie, was it?"
Goldie says: "Uh- of course I do."
Goldie says: "They're right here in my purse..."
Goldie says: "The question is which one, because I love him soo much."
Goldie says: "How can I chose just one?"
Goldie says: "So I have four."
Goldie says: "Look at that roguish twinkle in his eye."
Doofus says: "That's nice."
Goldie says: "Not bad."
Goldie says: "Now we go on the offense."
Goldie says: "Tell me, who's our first mark?"
Glomgold says: "Sharkbomb, get in the pool, ya wee whipper snapper!"
Louie says: "Him."
Goldie says: "Definitely him."
Cut back to the game world and Huey has a look of seriousness.
Huey says: "Steady, steady, steady!"
Huey says: "The fate of Reznorath rests in your hands!"
Huey says: "Water too much and you risk drowning the root system!"
Della says: "A check point!"
Della says: "You could cash in all the experience points you have from bashing Grind Hoppers, level up, and really start playing this game!"
Huey says: "Nah."
Huey says: "If I step outside the shield, I could die and lose all my XP."
Della says: "Whoa!"
Della says: "With that much XP, you could be the Duke of Destruction!"
Huey says: "Too dangerous, I mean, the check point's way over there."
Check point is shown to be just beyond the force-field boundaries.
Launchpad says: "Woohoo!"
Launchpad says: "I'm the master of the sky!"
Launchpad says: "Look at me go!"
Launchpad says: "I'm surprising myself!"
Launchpad says: "This is amazing."
Della says: "I mean, oh no!"
Della says: "We should help Launchpad fight that dragon!"
Huey says: "Eh, too risky."
Huey says: "But if you want to, go ahead."
Della says: "Really?"
Della says: "What a great life lesson!"
Launchpad says: "Woo!"
Della says: "Woo!"
Launchpad says: "Jet packs!"
Della says: "Jet packs!"
Huey watches them fly away.
Back at the party, Louie is floating on a chair, Goldie is suntanning, Beaks and Boyd are taking pictures, and Glomgold and Sharkbomb are also in the pool.  Doofus prepares to jump off the diving board into the pool.  Louie pops up beside Glomgold.
Louie says: "Hey, Flintheart, can I talk to Sharkbomb in private for a second?"
Glomgold says: "Oh..."
Glomgold says: "ah..."
Glomgold says: "certainly..."
Louie says: "Sharkbomb, can I tell you a secret?"
Sharkbomb makes bubbling noises since Glomgold is under water.
Louie says: "Great!"
Louie says: "I think my aunt has the hots for your dad."
Glomgold resurfaces.
Glomgold says: "She does!"
Glomgold says: "?"
Glomgold says: "You don't need my help, geezer!"
Glomgold smacks himself with Sharkbomb, both of them diving under the water. They wrestle, before jumping onto the deck where Glomgold tears Sharkbomb's head off.  He freezes as everyone stares.  He licks Sharkbomb's head and puts it on backwards. He grins nervously, giving a thumbs up.  Doofus gives him a thumbs down, and Glomgold falls through a trapdoor, holding on by only Sharkbomb.
Glomgold says: "Don't let go Sharkbomb!"
Goldie says: "Oh, pretty sharp, Sharpie!"
Goldie says: "You're a natural!"
Boyd and Beaks push Louie and Goldie out of the pool.
Boyd says: "Ever so sorry-  I mean, hashtag you're all wet!"
Boyd says: "Pew!"
Beaks says: "Pew!"
Boyd says: "Pew!"
Beaks says: "Pew!"
Boyd says: "Pew!"
Beaks says: "Pew!"
Boyd says: "Pew!"
Beaks says: "Pew!"
Louie says: "Oh, they're going down!"
Goldie says: "Oh, yes!"
Back in the game, Huey surveys his crops.
Huey says: "The garden is tended."
Huey says: "Now, the greatest adventure of all: waiting."
Huey starts to fidget, looks up to see Della fighting an Ork.
Della says: "The Blazer Scythe!"
Huey says: "No."
Huey says: "No fighting."
Huey says: "Hey, Mom?"
Huey says: "I was thinking, I should step out of my comfort zone..."
Huey says: "Maybe head to the check point?"
Della says: "Really!"
Della says: "?"
Della says: "Yeah!"
Della says: "Mother and son against the Gigaswarm!"
Della says: "Will we survive!"
Della says: "?"
Huey winces back in fear.
Della says: "Yeah, of course we will,  it's right over there."
Della says: "Okay buddy, you got this."
Della says: "Every journey begins with a single step."
Huey says: "I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this."
Della smiles and Huey looks towards the check point as a monster comes and destroys his crops.
Huey says: "My rutabagas!!"
Della says: "Typically your step would be in the other direction!"
Huey says: "I should never try anything new!"
Cut to a pinball machine titled 'Doofus's Destruction'.  Boyd is playing while Beaks and Doofus watch.
Boyd says: "It's like the machine speaks to me, is that strange?"
Goldie says: "What dirt have you dug up on Boyd?"
Louie says: "I got nothing!"
Louie says: "He's friendly, he's freakishly strong, and he gets along weirdly well with Doofus!"
Doofus pets Boyd's head.
Goldie says: "There's gotta be some weak spot..."
Goldie says: "something in their history?"
Louie pulls out his phone and starts scrolling through pictures.
Louie says: "All I've found are hundreds of photos of them being perfect together!"
Louie says: "Wait..."
Louie says: "where are the baby pictures?"
Louie says: "Beaks would never pass up that sweet click-bait!"
Goldie says: "Click what now?"
Louie says: "What's this weird Wi-Fi network?"
Louie says: "Beaks Optimistic Youth Droid?"
Goldie says: "Oh!"
Goldie says: "B."
Goldie says: "O."
Goldie says: "Y."
Goldie says: "D."
Goldie says: "Boyd!"
Louie says: "He's a robot!"
Goldie says: "He's a robot!"
Goldie says: "How are we supposed to trip up a boy bot who's programed to be perfect?"
Louie says: "Get close, don't get caught."
Louie says: "Do you know how many evil robots I have faced!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie says: "Wow, Boyd!"
Louie says: "You said you've only been playing since yesterday?"
Boyd says: "Yes!"
Boyd says: "Daddy took me to Funzo's and we played all the games, and then had ice cream and flew kites!"
Louie says: "Big day!"
Louie says: "What did you do two days ago?"
Boyd says: "Why can't I remember!"
Boyd says: "?"
Beaks says: "I dunno sport, uh, maybe it was all that ice cream, huh?"
Doofus says: "What's wrong with my friend?"
Doofus says: "Is it something my butler did?"
Louie says: "I think he's a little over stimulated, we'll have to remember that for your birthday."
Louie says: "Hey, when were you born, again?"
Boyd says: "Yesterday!"
Boyd says: "That's not right!"
Beaks says: "No, no, no!"
Beaks says: "Do not peer behind the curtain of reality, Bud!"
Boyd tosses the pin ball machine over the side.  Camera switches to his view 'Fly Swatter Mode Activated'.  Lasers start firing from his eyes.
Boyd says: "Does not compute!"
Boyd says: "Compute!"
Boyd says: "?"
Boyd says: "No!"
Boyd says: "I am not a computer!"
Boyd says: "I am definitely a real boy!"
Boyd comes to a stop as his eyes melt.  His eyes go dead and he falls into the pool.  Louie is horrified.
Beaks says: "Oh, man."
Beaks says: "Gonna need like a real big bag of rice."
Doofus says: "My party!"
Doofus says: "No!"
Doofus says: "No, no, no, no!"
Louie looks horrified at the pool.  Goldie picks him up and swings him around.
Goldie says: "Sharpie!"
Goldie says: "You conned that boy bot right out of sentience!"
Goldie says: "Maybe we should team up on a more permanent basis."
Louie says: "Really?"
Louie says: "Y-You mean it?"
Goldie says: "This looks like the beginning of a fruitful partnership."
Doofus says: "I swore after last year, no one's eyes would melt out of their heads."
Doofus says: "Who is responsible for this?"
Louie says: "Uh oh, We ran out of chumps to..."
Goldie says: "He did it."
Louie says: "WHAT?"
Goldie says: "Llewelyn Duck, I am SO disappointed."
Goldie says: "Ruining poor Doofus's party."
Goldie says: "Trying to take the extra bags for yourself."
Goldie says: "Who raised you?"
Louie says: "Not you, Lady."
Goldie says: "Children can be so cruel."
Doofus's Mom says: "Doofus makes us share a fork."
Goldie says: "You march home right this instant."
Goldie says: "And to teach you a lesson, I'm going to take your gift bags and donate them to charity."
Goldie says: "It's me."
Goldie says: "The charity is me."
Louie says: "What happened to working together?"
Goldie says: "Sorry, Sharpie."
Goldie says: "I only work for myself."
Goldie says: "I want you gone, Mister."
Doofus says: "That can be arranged."
Doofus reactivates Boyd who reemerges from the pool.
Boyd says: "Hi, I'm Boyd, a definitely real boy, and I'm going to DESTROY YOU!"
Louie says: "Ahh Help!"
Louie says: "You're a real boy."
Louie says: "You're a sweet, kind, real boy, I swear."
Louie says: "Ow, stop."
Goldie says: "What are you doing?"
Doofus says: "It's pinata time."
Doofus says: "I'm the world champion."
Doofus says: "But I've never hunted the most dangerous pinata: man."
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "uh, tell me about your hobbies, friend."
Louie says: "Recharging, signalling other devices."
Louie says: "AHHHHH no nononononononono: Goldie: STOP!"
Doofus says: "You passed the test."
Doofus says: "What a loving parent, willing to sacrifice herself for such a foul child."
Doofus says: "You've given me a great birthday gift, Llewelyn: a new Gummeemama."
Goldie says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Doofus says: "Long reign Goldie-mama."
Doofus's mom says: "Goldie-mama."
dad says: "Goldie-mama."
Doofus says: "Take thine bags and go."
Goldie says: "What?"
Louie gets ejected out of the tree house with the gift bags.
Louie says: "AAAHHH!"
Louie says: "oof!"
Huey says: "NO ALL MY CROPS!"
Huey says: "This is my nightmare."
Della says: "Oh Huey, Help!"
Huey says: "No Mom, I'm not strong enough, yet."
Huey goes to cash in all his XP.
Della says: "His power level: it's over nine thousand."
Huey says: "Make way for the Duke."
Huey says: "Get away from my mom!"
Della says: "Whoh."
Della says: "Well at least he's out of his comfort zone."
Louie says: "I did it!"
Louie says: "I'm a millionaire!"
Louie says: "wahoo!"
Louie says: "Who's the sharpie now, Goldie?"
Louie says: "I'm out here, rich, and you're in there suffering who knows what unspeakable horrors, after you turned on me, saved my life which is probably part of her big con somehow."
Louie says: "She broke her own rules."
Louie says: "She got too close, and she got caught."
Louie says: "She's on her own."
Doofus put Goldie in a glass cage.
Doofus says: "Tell me a story, Goldie-mama."
Doofus's Mom and Dad.
Goldie-mama says: "Goldie: Well, this one time I was trapped in a dimension where imps jabbed me with a million tiny splinters as they whispered my most devastating failures in my ear."
Goldie-mama says: "This is worse."
Doofus says: "Ha ha, Good one, tell me another."
Louie says: "Party's over Doofus."
Louie says: "Give me my aunt back."
Doofus says: "She's mine, you hear?"
Doofus says: "Minions!"
Doofus's mom says: "Parents."
dad says: "Parents."
Doofus says: "Attack!"
Boyd falls through the ceiling, and uses his eyes to cut a hole in the glass imprisoning Goldie.
Doofus says: "But how?"
Louie says: "Guess what you dropped in the gift bags?"
Louie says: "See, I don't think you need a Gummeemama..."
Doofus's mom says: "Gumeemama."
dad says: "Gumeemama."
Louie says: "Knock it off."
Louie says: "I think you need someone your own age to get close to."
Louie says: "Happy birthday, Doofus, I got you a new baby brother."
Louie says: "He's only a day old."
Boyd says: "Mommy?"
Boyd says: "Daddy?"
Doofus's mom says: "Come here, son."
Doofus says: "No."
Doofus says: "No, you will obey me."
Doofus says: "I'll cut off your money."
Boyd says: "Don't worry."
Boyd says: "I'll transfer half of Gummeemama's money out of Doofus's account and into mine."
Boyd says: "After all, she was my Gummeemama, too."
Doofus says: "What?"
Doofus says: "No, she was my Gummeemama,  you sentimetal toaster."
Doofus's mom says: "Don't you speak to your brother that way."
Doofus's mom says: "You're grounded, indefinably."
Doofus says: "He's not even my brother!"
Doofus's dad says: "I'm free."
Doofus says: "I'll get you for this, Llewellyn Duck!"
Louie says: "Oh give it time, if you get close enough to someone they start to feel like family, right Goldie?"
Louie notices Goldie is missing along with...
Louie says: "The gift bags!"
The camera cuts to the gaming world says: "Huey: AHHH  I will destroy you!"
Cut to the physical world, Della pulls the melted down Huey away from the pc.
Della says: "It's done."
Della says: "You slayed him."
Della says: "He already-- This is probably out of your comfort zone."
Della says: "You're in too deep."
Louie says: "I got in too deep!"
Louie says: "I had the money!"
Louie says: "I was in the clear!"
Scrooge says: "Crocodile's water works."
Louie says: "Goldie."
Scrooge says: "I'd say you get used it, but that would be a lie."
Louie says: "I thought I'd found someone who really got me, we had a connection."
Scrooge says: "When you spend all your time looking for an angle, it's hard to see what is front of your face, and that doesn't make her too sharp, eh lad?"
Louie says: "But why did she save me?"
Scrooge says: "Maybe she let you get close, too."