Episode opens with Lena and Donald sitting in the TV room of the mansion awkwardly.
Donald says: "I'm sure they'll be back soon."
Lena says: "What?"
A loud crash sounds.
Lena says: "Oh!"
Lena says: "That's probably them."
Scrooge enters the foyer with money bags on his hands and other treasures. Lena and Donald joins him.
Scrooge says: "Haha!"
Scrooge says: "Remember that old saying, kids."
Scrooge says: ""Beans, beans, the magical fruit, just plant your beans then grab some loot."
Huey and Dewey enters the foyer while rolling a huge gold coin.
Dewey says: "Man, I've been saying that rhyme all wrong."
The coin falls. Donald, Huey, and Dewey strain to carry it. Louie walks in with a crown and jewelry on.
Louie says: "Don't worry, Uncle Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "Nice try, lad, but you know the drill."
Scrooge says: "All money goes to the bin..."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "not next of kin."
Louie resignedly takes off the treasure.
Scrooge says: "Beakley!"
Beakley walks in with a cart and a vacuum and easily lifts the coin and the three trying to carry it.
Beakley says: "Your board of directors called."
Beakley says: "They say your recent adventures are causing costly damages to the city of Duckburg."
Scrooge says: "Which I always pay for!"
Scrooge says: "Adventure leads to treasure, treasure helps the company, the company helps the town through appreciating investments in long-term civic fiduciary interests."
Beakley says: ""boost your character."
Scrooge says: "My character does not need boosting."
Scrooge says: "They're overreacting!"
Launchpad says: "Good news, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McDee!"
Launchpad says: "The beanstalk missed the orphanage!"
Launchpad starts a chainsaw to cut through the beanstalk.
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Scrooge says: "What time is the interview?"
Lena is about to put a red jewel into the loot bin when Webby appears, carrying a stone totem head. She hides the jewel.
Webby says: "Lenaaaaa!"
Lena says: "Yeah, I'm not really a hugger."
Webby says: "Oh, yeah, no, me neither."
Webby says: "Hugs are, like, whatever..."
Webby says: "."
Webby says: "or whatever."
Webby says: "Are you excited for our sleepover?"
Webby says: "We're gonna brush our teeth, go to bed on time, wake up in the middle of the night confused saying, "Where am I?"
Webby says: "Oh, that's right."
Webby says: "I'm at the best sleepover ever!"
Lena says: "Mm, so this is your first sleepover?"
Webby says: "Yeah."
Webby says: "Last one up the stairs has to brush their teeth twice!"
Webby cartwheels and backflips her way up the stairs, leaving Lena alone. Lena slips the jewel into the loot bin. The bin is then taken to the money bin. Upon landing in the bin, it dissolves and begins spreading a magical glow throughout Scrooge's valuables.
Intro plays.
Later that night, Webby and Lena go up the attic.
Webby says: "Did you know there's a military-grade bedsheet tuck-in that's often used as an interrogation technique?"
Lena says: "Bathroom?"
Webby says: "Down the hall, on the left."
Lena goes to the bathroom. Magica suddenly appears on the mirror's reflection.
Lena says: "AAAAH!"
Lena says: "Aunt Magica."
Magica says: "The home of Scrooge McDuck is safe no more!"
Magica says: "What do we do first?"
Lena says: "My current plan is make popcorn, watch a movie, and then Webby really wants us  to brush our teeth."
Lena says: "The amulet thing is already in the bin."
Lena says: "So I just hang out here and wait, right?"
Magica says: "Ugh!"
Magica says: "You wait here while the Hunter's Stone searches for Scrooge's dime."
Magica says: "It will bring the dime to you, you will bring the dime to me, and I will unleash its secret mysterious power, striking from within his very home and laying my grim vengeance upon Scrooge McDuck!"
Lena says: "Mm, mm-hmm."
Lena says: "So, just hang out here and wait, right?"
Magica says: "Could you please try to care about our centuries-old blood feud?"
Lena says: "You know what I care about."
Magica says: "Bleh."
Magica says: "Fine."
Magica says: "Whatever."
Magica says: "Do this and I'll grant you your dark heart's fondest desire."
Magica says: "Unless you're too busy hanging out with Pinky McHappyBow over there."
Lena says: "Relax."
Lena says: "It's just an act."
Magica says: "Ugh, don't trust them, Lena."
Magica says: "They'd turn on you in an instant if they knew what you really are."
Cut to Webby interrogating the stuffed rabbit from earlier.
Webby says: "Tell me where the warheads are!"
Lena says: "Mmm, thanks."
Lena says: "Hey, what's this board all about?"
Webby says: "This is all the info I collected about the McDuck family."
Webby says: "Family tree, articles of importance, lifelong foes..."
Lena says: "It says here Scrooge hates magic."
Webby says: "Oh, yeah, all kinds."
Webby says: "Curses, incantations, card tricks."
Webby says: "He says magic is a supernatural shortcut for hard work."
Webby says: "He won't even allow any spell books in the house..."
Webby says: ".."
Webby says: "Wanna see what I snuck into the house?"
Back on the attic,  Webby takes out a book titled "So You Love Ponies", which then revealed as a fake cover hiding another book titled "The Grimoire du Merlock".
Webby says: "The Grimoire du Merlock."
Webby says: "An ancient book of magic."
Webby says: "Ever wonder what dark forces loom in the shadows, waiting for the right time to pounce?"
Lena says: "Uh, no..."
Lena says: ".."
Lena says: "Can't say that I have..."
Lena says: "."
Webby says: "Ooh, we should try some spells."
Lena says: "No!"
Lena says: "Ahem."
Lena says: "Uh, how about we..."
Lena says: "."
Lena says: "play a game?"
Webby says: "According to an article I read about slumber parties online, the perfect sleepover game is..."
Huey, Dewey and Louie burst In to Webby's room with pillows.
The triplets says: "Pillow fight!"
The triplets are confused to see no one in the room. A pillow from the attic hole knocks Dewey over, followed by more pillows and the girl's battle cry. The girls come down from the attic and start chasing after the triplets.
Dewey says: "I regret everything!"
Huey says: "Aah!"
Huey says: "You win!"
The triplets retreat back to the hallway.
Webby says: "Get out!"
Webby says: "Get out!"
Webby says: "Get out!"
Lena closes the door. The triplets groan while rubbing their pain away.
Huey says: "Why would we pick a fight with Webby?"
Dewey says: "Ooh!"
Dewey says: "Grab your swim trunks, boys."
Dewey says: "I know how to salvage the night."
The triplets run through the hallway. Scrooge is sitting on a chair, annoyed.
Scrooge says: "So, Roxanne, I suppose my greatest weakness is that I care too much."
Beakley says: "that you will not come off "likeable" to any of that."
Beakley says: "Unfold those arms, drop the frown, when dealing with the press, SOS: be sincere, open, and smile!"
Scrooge says: "Some find my scowl very appealing."
Beakley says: "Press are vultures looking for the next story to feast on."
Scrooge says: "I can handle a puff piece of reporter."
Beakley says: "Fine, I'll go easy on you."
Beakley says: "are you from?"
Scrooge says: "Grrr..."
Scrooge says: "."
Scrooge says: "!"
The triplets arrive at the Money Bin wearing swim trunks. They take off their tops.
Louie says: "Up next to the driving board is Dewey Duck, representing the proud country of Dewdonia."
Louie says: "When asked if he was concerned about the possibility of injuring himself on the cold hard cash below, he simply replied, "Nerp!"
Louie says: "" Behold now for his national anthem."
Huey says: "Oh, Dewdonia, land of the few."
Huey says: "Home of the duck clothed all in bluuuuuuue!"
Huey and Louie applause, then high five Dewey.
Louie says: "Dewey Duck makes his approach."
Louie says: "Word it has it he's got a new move: The Triple Corks-dew."
Dewey jumps into the bin.
Huey and Louie screams as they rush back to the mansion. Cut to Webby's drawing of what she thinks of "Dare" in Truth or Dare.
Lena says: "Aah, okay, it's been 20 minutes."
Lena says: "Let me show you how it's done."
Lena says: "Truth."
Webby says: "Okay."
Webby says: "What's your deepest, darkest secret?"
Lena says: "Oh, uhm..."
Huey and Louie barge into the room. Huey pants while Louie reenacts what just happened.
Webby says: "Dewey was eaten by a magical money shark in the bin!"
Webby says: "What?"
Webby says: "I'm really good at charades."
Louie says: "It's just swimming around in there, eating money and children, and money!"
Webby says: "We have to tell Mr."
Webby says: "McDuck!"
Louie says: "No!"
Lena says: "No!"
Louie says: "We..."
Louie says: "might have snuck into the money bin without permission?"
Webby says: "You realize getting your brother eaten is way worse."
Lena says: "Louie's right!"
Lena says: "If we tell Scrooge they snuck into the money bin, Scrooge will feed them to the shark himself."
Huey says: "Well, we need to do something!"
Lena says: "We need to take care of it ourselves."
Lena says: "Don't you trust me?"
Webby says: "Okay."
Webby says: "But if there's a monster in the bin, we need a way to keep safe while looking for it."
Huey says: "Like a boat?"
Louie says: "But how do we get a boat into the money bin?"
Launchpad barges into the room, still wearing his pajamas.
Launchpad says: "My best friend, Dewey's in trouble!"
Launchpad says: "I can feel it..."
Launchpad says: "."
Cut to Launchpad lifting up Donald's houseboat with while Donald is sleeping peacefully on a floatie in the pool. He drops the boat along with Lena, Webby, Huey, and Louie inside the Money Bin. Launchpad joins them and lets go off the helicopter. The helicopter crashes off-screen.
Huey says: "Now, what do we do?"
Launchpad says: "We wait."
Everyone looks around the bin for the money shark. Huey drags a bag full of gold coins and other expensive stuff.
Huey says: "You lure real sharks with chums, so logically we should be able to lure a money shark with expensive stuff."
Louie says: "Oooh, so long, future inheritance."
Louie throws the vase to the pool of gold coins. Meanwhile, Lena is inside the boat by herself. Magica's shadow emerges.
Magica says: "Haha!"
Magica says: "I would never have thought to feed Scrooge's family to the Hunter's Stone before it ushers about his destruction."
Magica says: "Well done, Lena!"
Magica says: "Ahahaha!"
Lena says: "Next time you give me an amulet that turns into a monster, I'd appreciate a little heads up."
Magica says: "Uh, that monster has a name!"
Magica says: "Show Tiffany some respect."
Magica says: "Are you wearing a colorful, personalized bracelet?"
Lena says: "Wh-  It's not that colorful."
Magica says: "Oh, my sweet, dumb-dumb, little Lena."
Magica says: "You're being the worst fool of all: a sentimental fool."
Magica says: "You're actually trying to help them."
Lena says: "No, I had to keep something to keep them from getting Scrooge involved."
Lena says: "And I'm sorry if I don't wanna be killed by a money shark!"
Magica says: "I doubt the sincerity of your apology!"
Magica says: "Now get out there and stall while Tiffany accumulates mass."
Lena says: "Wait, she's gonna get bigger?"
Magica says: "Oh yes."
Magica says: "She's gonna get reaaally big and reaaaally mad until she gets that dime."
Magica says: "Just don't get eaten until then."
Cut to Louie taking out a candle from the money bag.
Louie says: "This is coming out of Dewey's portion of the inheritance."
Tiffany emerges and snatches the candle from Louie.
Dewey says: "Heeelp!"
Huey, Louie, and Webby watches as Tiffany swims around. Huey takes out his Junior Woodchuck Guidebook.
Huey says: "Did you know sharks never run out of teeth?"
Huey says: "They have the most powerful jaws on the planet, on average there are about 100 shark attacks a year."
Louie says: "Dude!"
Louie says: "Now is not the time!"
Huey says: "FACTS COMFORT ME WHEN I'M NERVOUS!"
Webby takes off her backpack as Lena go upstairs to join them.
Lena says: "Noooope!"
Louie says: "Back!"
Louie says: "It's back!"
Louie says: "Ooh!"
The kids watches Tiffany swims around the boat. Launchpad grabs the boat's steering wheel.
Launchpad says: "I'm just gonna crash into it."
Huey says: "No, Dewey's in there!"
Huey says: "Louie, money bags."
Louie ties a money bag to the gun as a bait, then Huey shoots it to the pool of gold. After a while, Tiffany takes the bait.
Huey says: "Gotcha!"
Huey reels in Tiffany without noticing that he steps on a coil of rope connected to the harpoon.
Louie says: "Hahaha, stupid shark!"
Tiffany managed to pull in the gun. Huey's leg gets entangled in the rope and pulled away along with the gun. Louie tries to hold him back at the last moment, but fails and also gets pulled along.
Huey says: "You know, until the 16th century, sharks are referred to as sea dogs!"
Tiffany devours Huey and Louie.
Webby says: "Aah!"
Lena says: "Aah!"
Launchpad says: "Oh no, Dewey's brothers!"
Cut to Scrooge back on the mansion. The room is set up with camera for the interview with Roxanne and a monitor.
Roxanne says: "There's the man of the hour."
Roxanne says: "When you forced Medusa to take a good, hard look at herself in the mirror, it changed me."
Scrooge says: "And her..."
Scrooge says: "."
Scrooge says: "into stone."
Scrooge says: "Eeeh, most people don't know about that."
Roxanne says: "Well, most people aren't me."
Roxanne says: "Now, don't worry."
Roxanne says: "This interview is just the two of us having a conversation."
Scrooge gives Beakley a wink, but she doesn't look relieved. The camera starts rolling.
Roxanne says: "I'm here with multi-millionaire menace , Scrooge McDuck, who values profit over people's lives."
Roxanne says: "I'll take your smile as a confirmation that you enjoy being superior in the now ravaged town of Duckburg."
Scrooge says: "No!"
Roxanne says: "Now, Mr."
Roxanne says: "McDuck, I can't quite place your accent."
Roxanne says: "Tell me, what part of Ireland are you from?"
Scrooge growls before the scene cuts to Lena looking from the houseboat window. Webby is sitting on the couch reading The Grimoire du Merlock.
Webby says: "I found a protection spell!"
Webby says: "You need a bunch of herbs and a cauldron."
Webby says: "Uh..."
Webby says: "Grab that spice rack, and, um, that collectible popcorn bucket!"
Lena says: "Uh..."
Lena says: "."
Lena says: "I don't know, Webby."
Lena says: "It's not good to mess with this magic stuff."
Webby says: "I'm pretty sure I've got this."
Webby says: "All evil energies, leave this space."
Webby says: "Go back from whence you came, you get outta my face!"
Lena says: "Ugh."
Lena says: "I hate magic."
Magica says: "You hold your tongue."
Magica says: "Magic is the family business."
Lena says: "And, the more we use it, the more likely I am to get caught!"
Launchpad says: "Don't need magic!"
Launchpad says: "Need your wits."
Launchpad says: "And some kinda shark stopping thing."
Launchpad says: "And maybe a snack."
Webby says: "Uh..."
Webby says: "."
Webby says: "Launchpad?"
Tiffany comes closer to the boat.
Launchpad says: "Uh-oh."
Launchpad says: "Launchpad's hungry."
Launchpad says: "Hungry for vengeance."
Lena says: "Launchpad?"
Launchpad says: "Vengeance..."
Launchpad says: "."
Launchpad says: "for Dewey."
Webby says: "LAUNCHPAD!"
Lena says: "LAUNCHPAD!"
Launchpad says: "Anyway, crash boat now?"
Lena says: "Yes, or, err- No!"
Lena says: "Just go!"
Webby says: "JUST MOVE!"
Launchpad starts the boat engine and charges at Tiffany. Tiffany comes from the opposite direction.
Launchpad says: "I'm coming, Dewey!"
Tiffany opens her mouth. Lena and Launchpad screams. The girls get out of the boat right before Tiffany eats it along with Launchpad.
Launchpad says: "Oh, hey guys!"
Lena says: "Next time, we have a sleepover at my house."
Cut back to the mansion.
Scrooge says: "..."
Scrooge says: "with a rich Celtic tradition, connected to-but entirely distinct from-the rest of the United Kingdom!"
Scrooge says: "And, secondly, I have done far more good than harm for Duckburg."
Scrooge says: "Ask anyone!"
Roxanne says: "Will do."
Roxanne says: "Joining us for comment via satellite from his office that was recently ravaged by Scrooge's blameworthy beanstalk, Flintheart Glomgold."
The monitors turns on and shows Glomgold.
Glomgold says: "CURSE YOU, MCDUCK!"
Glomgold says: "Roxanne, good to see you."
Roxanne says: "And you."
Scrooge says: "You can't believe this tam o'shanter-wearing terror!"
Roxanne says: "Oh, shameful."
Glomgold says: "We can't all affor top hats, ye rich snob!"
Scrooge says: "You're rich too, you malevolent mountebank!"
Glomgold says: "You best believe it, Scroogie, I'm rolling in it!"
Scrooge says: "Then what is your point?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "I'm glad that beanstalk crushed your office!"
Hearing Scrooge's statement, the news crew gasp. Beakley facepalms. Cut to Lena searching for Scrooge's dime on a pile of gold coins.
Lena says: ""Lena, do my bidding."
Lena says: "" "Lena, find a tiny dime in a sea of dimes!"
Lena says: "" "Lena, don't get mad when my money shark tries to eat you!"
Webby says: "Lena, I found something."
Webby says: "According to this, to stop an enchanted force, you must remove its power source or beat it with a stronger magical totem."
Webby says: "We can use our friendship bracelets!"
Webby says: "Friendship is the greatest magic of all!"
Lena says: "Well, that's not how magic works."
Lena says: "But the shark is made of coins, so maybe if we cand find some kind of coin that holds a special significance, we can stop it."
Webby says: "Oh!"
Webby says: "Like Scrooge's Number One Dime!"
Lena says: "Oh, is that..."
Lena says: "a thing?"
Lena says: "Like..."
Lena says: "do you..."
Lena says: "know where it could be?"
Webby says: "Scrooge keeps it in his pocket at all times."
Lena says: "WHAT?!"
Lena says: "!"
Lena says: "The stupid dime isn't even stupid in here?!"
Lena says: "!"
Lena says: "Hah, we need to get to Scrooge now!"
Lena says: "What are you doing?"
Webby says: "Our friendship is all the magic we need!"
Webby says: "Don't you trust me?"
Webby says: "With the hand of my best friend, we bring about the money shark's end."
Lena says: "Webby, stop, it's not working."
Webby says: "Just believe!"
Webby says: "Again, with feeling."
As Webby continues to chant, Lena begins to glow magenta, then turns blue when Webby holds her hand. She panics and lets go of Webby's hand, breaking the spell.
Lena says: "YOU SENTIMENTAL FOOL!"
Lena says: "You don't know what you're doing, you're gonna get us killed!"
Tiffany approaches them, so they split and run away. Tiffany breaks out of the bin's window and becomes more aggressive.
Cut back to the mansion.
Glomgold says: "My building was detroyed and he just gets away with that."
Scrooge says: "You tried to blew up my office at least try this week."
Glomgold says: "Three times if you count RIGHT NOW!"
Glomgold says: "Well, this is embarassing."
Scrooge says: "Roxanne, you can't trust the words of my sworn enemies whose only pastime is constantly plotting against me."
Scrooge says: "There is absolutely no truth to the claim that my treasure hunting is in any way dangerous to Duckburg."
Roxanne says: "This just in:  Scrooge McDuck's treasure has transformed into a money shark and- Hold on, I'm being told it now has legs."
Scrooge says: "Oooof course, it does."
Roxanne says: "For those just tuning in, a money shark appears to be heading to Duckburg, where it's sure to cause untold destruction."
Roxanne says: "Citizens are rushing over in boats to collect a falling gold debris."
Roxanne says: "It seems Scrooge's fortune is now up for grabs."
Roxanne says: "Glomgold, your thoughts?"
Upon hearing that, Glomgold immediately rushes to the bin.
Scrooge says: "AAAH!"
Scrooge says: "ME MONEY!"
Cut to Webby and Lena rushing outside to see Tiffany running amok. People are grabbing the treasure coming out of Tiffany. Tiffany chases after them.
Lena says: "On the bright side, it's not just trying to kill us anymore..."
Webby says: "Why did you break our chant?"
Webby says: "Is our friendship not magical enough for you?"
Lena says: "Webby..."
A car honk sounds, much to their surprise. It's Scrooge driving his limo. He gets out of the car.
Scrooge says: "If I see Launchpad, I'm docking him a day's wages."
Tiffany roars and approaches Scrooge. The boats on below the bridges follows her.
Lena says: "Look!"
Lena says: "It must be after Scrooge's Number One Dime!"
Webby says: "Why would you think that?"
Lena says: "Uh..."
Lena says: "."
Lena says: "I dunno..."
Lena says: "Uh, a reason."
Lena says: "No time to think, we gotta go!"
Webby and Lena runs towards Tiffany. People are still trying to catch Scrooge's treasure out of Tiffany.
Scrooge says: "Heave off!"
Scrooge says: "That my money!"
Scrooge says: "Oi, gilt gills!"
Scrooge says: "Come and get me..."
Scrooge says: "."
Tiffany feels the presence of Scrooge's dime. She opens her mouth and the dime gets drawn to her.
Scrooge says: "My number one dime!"
Scrooge struggles to hold back the dime, but he fails. The dime flies into Tiffany's mouth.
Scrooge says: "Oh no, you don't, you predatory piggyback!"
Scrooge charges at Tiffany, but got eaten instead.
Launchpad says: "Hi, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McDee!"
The triplets says: "Hi, Uncle Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "Everyone..."
Scrooge says: "?"
Webby says: "Mr."
Webby says: "McDuck!"
Magica laughs sinisterly. Webby uses her grappling hook to get on to Tiffany, then starts hitting her with a mace. Tiffany turns to Lena. When she opens her mouth, the dime is shown to be stuck on her teeth.
Lena says: "The dime."
Magica says: "The dime."
Magica says: "Ahah!"
Magica says: "Here, pick up..."
Tiffany comes closer to Magica. Webby crawls through Tiffany's back.
Magica says: "Get me that dime and you'll finally have everything you've ever wanted."
Lena says: "How am I supposed to get it without eaten alive?"
Magica says: "Eeeh, figure it out."
Webby says: "Lena, look out!"
Tiffany goes after Lena, but Webby pushed Lena away just in time and takes her place instead.
Lena says: "WEBBY, NO!"
Tiffany eats Lena. Inside her mouth, Lena manages to land on the huge gold coin from earlier before she falls further down to the shark's throat. She sees the dime still hanging on Tiffany's teeth.
Webby says: "Lena!"
Webby is hanging on to Tiffany's throat below Lena.
Lena says: "Why'd you save me?"
Lena says: "I thought you were mad of me!"
Webby says: "We're friends, you beautiful idiot!"
Webby says: "I don't care what you did!"
They exchange smiles, but then Webby loses her grip and falls down Tiffany's throat.
Lena says: "Webby!"
Magica almost grabs the dime while Lena looks at her friendship bracelet.
Lena says: "With the hand of my best friend..."
Lena says: "we bring about the money sharks's end!"
Magica got dragged along with Lena before she grabs the dime. Lena glows blue as she descend. Tiffany exploded into bits of gold coins. Everyone that got eaten by Tiffany falls to the ground. Lena is hugging Webby. She shakes her head and stops glowing blue.
Webby says: "Looks like someone's a hugger after all."
Lena says: "Don't tell anyone."
Both of them embraces a hug.
Launchpad says: "Dewey!"
Launchpad says: "You hear me, boy?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Dewey says: "Uh..."
Dewey says: "okay..."
Scrooge desperately trying to save all of his scattered treasure on the ground. Roxanne approaches him.
Scrooge says: "No, no, not you again."
The TV camera starts.
Roxanne says: "Roxanne Featherly reporting live from the scene where Scrooge's apparent generosity has provided a much-needed economic boost to Duckburg."
The Beagle Boys with a dumpster truck and Hack and Slash Smashnikov arrives at the scene and start collecting all the treasure. Scrooge was about to scold them, but stops when he noticed that he is still on camera. He forces a smile. Glomgold in disguise tries to snatch Scrooge's top hat filled with gold coins. They both pull the hat against each other, but Scrooge notices the camera again and lets go of it.
Glomgold says: "Thank you, kind sir."
Scrooge says: "You're..."
Scrooge says: "..."
Scrooge says: "welcome."
After all the scattered treasure were taken, everyone leaves. Scrooge panics when he realize his dime is still gone. He sees the dime hanging on his limo and immediately takes it back.
Scrooge says: "My Number One Dime!"
Scrooge says: "Mwah!"
Scrooge says: "Let's get out of here before these scavengers throw me a parade."
Scrooge says: "But how did all this happen in the first place?"
Cut to the abandoned amphitheater.
Magica says: "You had the dime in your grasp!"
Lena says: "No, your crazy shark had the dime in its throat, so excuuuuse me if I didn't want to be eaten!"
Magica says: "You would've probably survived!"
Magica says: "But you cared more about your stupid "friends" than you did about your own family!"
Lena says: "Your shark was out of control."
Lena says: "The dime does neither of us any good if I'm dead."
Lena says: "I had no choice."
Magica says: "You had a choice, and you chose wrong!"
Magica says: "You're not supposed to think."
Magica says: "You're supposed to follow orders."
Lena says: "Maybe I'm tired of following orders."
Lena says: "I'm done."
Magica says: "You can't get rid of me."
Lena tries to leave, but her feet is stuck to Magica's shadow.
Magica says: "I'm the only one who can give you what you truly want."
Magica says: "Your dark heart's fondest desire: your freedom."
Lena says: "Whatever you say, Aunt Magica."
The bracelet glows blue before it drowns.
Cut to Donald snoring on a floatie in the pool back on the mansion. Launchpad, in a helicopter, drops the houseboat back to the pool. It's in a bad shape.
Launchpad says: "Good morning, Donald!"