It's a normal day at McDuck Manor. Mrs. Beakley and Webby carry luggage bags to the front door and set them down. A crossbow falls out of Webby's bag.
Bentina Beakley says: "Ugh, Webby."
Bentina Beakley says: "A crossbow?"
Webby says: "Sorry, Granny."
She dashes off screen and returns with a longbow and arrows.
Beakley says: "That's better."
Dewey says: "What's all this?"
Webby says: "Hey, guys!"
Beakley says: "Ahem!"
Webby says: "I-I mean, a, a, a regular island where young warriors definitely don't combat the forces of nature and each other."
Webby says: "Y-you know, it's girl stuff."
Donald says: "I gotta go!"
Huey says: "Why is everyone running off?"
Beakley says: "Today is Mr McDuck's birthday."
Huey says: "Okay people, we are in crisis party planning mode!"
Huey says: "Louie, you start a guest list."
Beakley says: "Absolutely not."
Beakley says: "Mr McDuck has a strict no birthday party rule."
Louie says: "Literally the oldest person he knows?"
Dewey bursts out in laughter and Huey cracks a smile.
Huey says: "But our most epic relative deserves the most epic party ever!"
Webby says: "Eh, I don't know."
Webby says: "He hasn't had a good one since before his old butler Duckworth died."
Everyone turns to the portrait of Duckworth dusting a portrait of Scrooge.
Huey says: "Like this stuffy old guy could beat the party I threw for the Junior Woodchuck Party Planning Committee."
Huey says: "It was both work..."
Huey says: "and play."
Beakley says: "Don't say I didn't warn you."
Webby says: "If I don't come back, tell my story!"
Huey says: "Nah, he's gonna love it!"
Huey says: "Huey's time to shine!"
Transition to nighttime at McDuck Manor.
Scrooge says: "Another year older, another year richer, and the house to myself."
Scrooge says: "Time to celebrate the peace and quiet..."
Scrooge says: "Ah!"
Scrooge says: "A home invasion!"
Scrooge says: "Take that, ya bionic bandits!"
He jumps on the figure Dewey wearing a visor and holding a keytar and flattens them. Scrooge notices Huey, Louie and three guests in conspicuous disguises stood in the foyer.
Louie says: "SURPRISE!"
Huey says: "SURPRISE!"
guests says: "SURPRISE!"
Dewey keytar.
Happy b-b-b-birthdaaaay!
Scrooge growls.
Cue opening theme.
The party is in full swing. One guest fans themselves, another is eating food and the third is on their phone. Scrooge is sulking in a chair while "PARTY" scrolls across Dewey's visor.
Huey says: "So, next is mingling!"
Huey says: "From 6 to 6:05."
Huey says: "Bathroom break at 6:06 but keep it under a minute because at 6:07, we're scheduled to have fun!"
Dewey keytar.
Fun times! "FUN" and applause sounds, then a sheep noise.
Scrooge says: "What the blazes was that?"
Dewey keytar.
Huey says: "Oh, just the one and only DJ Daft Duck!"
DJ Dewey.
Yeah! thumbs up What up, yo?
Huey says: "Dewey's only answering to his DJ name tonight, just go with it."
Scrooge says: "Why are there a bunch of masked weirdos in my house?"
Huey says: "Louie put together a guest list of Duckburg's most powerful and elite."
Huey says: "It's quality, not quantity."
Louie says: "Everyone here is kind of a big deal, you know, we had to make it a costume party to throw off the paparazzi."
Louie says: "Get in the spirit!"
Louie says: "Or not, that's cool."
Huey says: "Come on!"
Huey says: "Hop aboard the Happy Birthday Express!"
Scrooge says: "Pass."
Huey says: "Next up, musical chairs!"
Scrooge says: "Or we could sit in silence."
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Huey says: "Balloon pop relay coming into the station!"
Scrooge says: "Station's closed."
Huey says: "Staff meeting!"
Huey drags Dewey and Louie behind the curtain and closes it.
Louie says: "I don't think Scrooge wants a party."
Huey says: "That's crazy."
Huey says: "There had been a few bumps, but he'll come around."
Huey says: "Louie, no schmoozing."
Huey says: "Just serve punch."
Huey says: "Dewey?"
Huey says: "Dewey?"
Huey says: "DJ Daft Duck?"
Huey says: "Here's a list of pre-approved songs with a ninety percent enjoyment rate."
Huey says: "Play these."
Louie says: "Listen, I know planning is your thing, but you're cramping our style."
Louie says: "You gotta relax and just ride the party wave."
Huey says: "A party is a celebration of a life, bringing the people together to let the guest of honor know how much they're loved."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge has done so much for us."
Huey says: "This is our chance to do something for him."
Louie says: "By forcing him to have fun at a party that he doesn't want to be at?"
Huey says: "I knew you'd understand."
Louie says: "Oh boy..."
Huey says: "Ah, there's the birthday boy."
Huey says: "I've got just the thing to help get you in the party mood."
Huey says: "Cue lights."
Huey says: "Ladies and gentlemen, grand illusionist master of the arcane, Nik Nokturne."
Nik Nokturne says: "Spelled with two K's cause I made the C's disappear."
Scrooge says: "Ugh, if there's one thing I hate more than birthday parties, it's birthday party magicians."
Scrooge says: "Ugh: Huey: Well, good thing he's an illusionist then."
Nokturne says: "Choose your destiny."
Scrooge says: "The card's in his pocket next to a dove."
Huey says: "You're not helping."
Nokturne says: "You, non-believer."
Nokturne says: "Come forth to experience real magic."
Nokturne says: "Behold the abyss box."
Scrooge says: "Nope."
Huey says: "But Uncle Scrooge, you have to for the party."
Scrooge says: "Uh, fine."
Nokturne says: "Who knows what mysteries wait inside."
Scrooge says: "Typically you want me to hide inside this trap door in here?"
Nokturne says: "Hahaha, ah embrace the pull of the darkness."
Nokturne says: "I call upon the spirits."
Nokturne says: "The party has just begun."
Nokturne says: "Ah, my beautiful, beautiful box!"
Dewey says: "Say what?"
Huey says: "Wow, what a trick!"
Nokturne says: "Oh nononono, maybe I can fix it."
Louie says: "I don't think that was the trick."
Huey says: "Hang on."
Huey says: "Our dear old Uncle Scrooge would never go anywhere without his precious wallet."
Huey says: "Scrooge isn't just gone, he's gone missing!"
Huey says: "Take that thing off!"
Huey says: "Our uncle has been captured!"
Huey says: "Ah ha!"
Huey says: "Just as I suspected."
Huey says: "Were locked in."
Huey says: "That means the kidnapper is still in this very room."
Huey says: "Clear the party schedule."
Huey says: "Things just got interesting."
Louie says: "ahem Hubert, a word?"
Louie says: "What are you doing?"
Louie says: "This isn't time for some dumb party game."
Huey says: "You're right."
Huey says: "It's time for the ultimate party game."
Huey says: "A locked room mystery party, and the stakes couldn't be higher."
Louie says: "Uncle Scrooge's life."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge's love of parties: Louie: Wait, what did you say?"
Huey says: "We gotta solve the mystery and find Scrooge, so he can experience the true joy of a flawless birthday party."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "and you know not possibly die?"
Huey says: "Yes, of course, and that."
Huey says: "But, if we succeed and have a good time doing it, Scrooge may experience the greatest party of all time."
Louie says: "Shouldn't we call somebody?"
Huey says: "But who can you call when everyone is a suspect?"
Huey says: "C'mon boys, the party game is afoot."
Louie says: "Oh, I hate this already."
Dewey says: "Oh yeah."
Louie says: "You can't get that helmet off, can you?"
Dewey says: "Oh no!"
Huey says: "Ladies and gentlemen."
Huey says: "You are no longer guests."
Huey says: "You are now suspects in the disappearance of Scrooge McDuck."
Huey says: "How fitting since our prime suspect is a master of making things disappear."
Huey says: "Nik Nokturne."
Nokturne says: "Hm?"
Nokturne says: "You accuse me?"
Nokturne says: "Hah!"
Nokturne says: "I'm merely a messenger of the dark arts."
Huey says: "..."
Huey says: "who had a motive..."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "Scrooge was making fun of you..."
Huey says: "..."
Huey says: "and the means..."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "that dumb box thingie..."
Nokturne says: "Nik Nokturne is a professional."
Nokturne says: "I can handle a little heckling."
Huey says: "Is that so?"
Louie says: "Couldn't hack it as a birthday clown, huh?"
Huey says: "Ooh nice hood, hood guy."
Louie says: "Hey, why don't you make like anyone is interested in you and disappear?"
Huey says: "Is this your card?"
Louie says: "Is this your card?"
Nokturne says: "oh, oof!"
Louie says: "A Beagle Boy!"
Huey says: "And where there's a Beagle Boy, there must be..."
Nokturne says: "MA!"
Ma Beagle says: "Ah, for crying out loud."
Huey says: "Ma Beagle!"
Dewey says: "gasp: Ma Beagle: I always gotta do everything myself."
Dewey says: "I can't believe I'm stuck in here with you morons."
Nokturne says: "That's right fools."
Nokturne says: "Nik Nokturne was really me, Black Arts Beagle."
Nokturne says: "This was all part of our sinister plan."
Nokturne says: "Together we would pull off the greatest illusion of all."
Ma Beagle says: "Shut it, Black Arts."
Nokturne says: "I would bewilder you mere mortals with my mystical powers."
Ma Beagle says: "Shut it, Black Arts."
Nokturne says: "But it would all be all a distraction."
Ma Beagle says: "Stop explaining the plan, Black Arts!"
Huey says: "Of course."
Huey says: "While he made our uncle disappear, Ma would sneak away to rob Scrooge."
Nokturne says: "But rob him of what you ask?"
Ma Beagle says: "He didn't ask."
Nokturne says: "The deed to Duckberg."
Ma Beagle says: "Ugh."
Louie says: "Uncle Scrooge owns the town?!"
Louie says: "!"
Huey says: "Technically he owns the land and leases it to the town for a tidy profit."
Louie says: "Aah, he's the best."
Ma Beagle says: "He's a thief."
Ma Beagle says: "Scrooge conned the deed away from my poor defenseless Grandpappy Beagle, who had the good sense to steal it away from the dumb people of Duckberg first."
Huey says: "Ma beagle, I accuse you of abducting Scrooge McDuck, and breaking and entering."
Ma Beagle says: "Breaking and entering?"
Ma Beagle says: "Why, I was invited to this party."
Huey says: "You invited Ma Beagle?"
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "She's a powerful totally legit businesswoman."
Huey says: "She held us hostage two months ago."
Louie says: "You gave me one hour to put together a guest list."
Ma Beagle says: "Why would I abduct Scrooge?"
Ma Beagle says: "He's more trouble than he's worth."
Ma Beagle says: "I was counting on Black Arts for a distraction."
Ma Beagle says: "But of course he messed that up, so when the lights went out, I went to grab the deed while you dingbats weren't looking."
Ma Beagle says: "Unfortunately someone locked the stinking doors."
Ma Beagle says: "I didn't think this dummy would actually make Scrooge disappear."
Nokturne says: "I'm not a dummy."
Nokturne says: "I'm the master of the arcane."
Huey says: "Ah yes, the blackout."
Huey says: "The chandelier mysteriously went out, but if we follow the power supply for the chandelier to..."
Huey says: "hah."
Ma Beagle says: "A stupid painting."
Ma Beagle says: "Can I go now?"
Huey says: "Stupid painting, or elaborate security system."
Huey says: "Hah!"
Huey says: "Top that, former best party planner."
Ma Beagle says: "Boy howdy, that's a DT-87, toughest security system out there."
Huey says: "It would take some kind of tech genius to hack it and turn off the lights."
Louie says: "Someone who's been live posting about the party from inside the room?"
Huey says: "Mark Beaks!"
Beaks says: "What up?"
Beaks says: "What up?"
Beaks says: "Yo, Momma, up top."
Ma Beagle says: "Who is this?"
Huey says: "You were dying to take Scrooge down!"
Beaks says: "Okay, listen..."
Beaks says: "Hat."
Beaks says: "I'm not threatened by Scrooge's money, please."
Beaks says: "Cash is dead."
Beaks says: "The new currency is Buzz."
Beaks says: "So when I got the invitation to this party..."
Huey says: "You invited him, too?"
Louie says: "One hour to prepare."
Louie says: "One."
Beaks says: "I saw my shot."
Beaks says: "I wasn't trying to hack the lights, dummy, I wanted to hack the security cameras."
Huey says: "To erase all evidence of Scrooge's disappearance."
Beaks says: "Erase, uh nono."
Beaks says: "uh, I was looking for footage like, ha-this."
Beaks says: "He thought the door was open, but it was closed."
Beaks says: "Oh man, I am going to post this gem all over the inter-webs, Ah, Scrooge will look dumb, while my account gets a dumb amount of views."
Beaks says: "Ka-boom, Beaks out."
Beaks says: "Haha haha ow!"
Beaks says: "Heh, forgot that was locked."
Beaks says: "Hey, nobody filmed that, did they?"
Ma Beagle says: "No seriously, how is this guy one of Scrooge's nemesis?"
Louie says: "Well that explains the blackout, and the flash was from Beak's selfie."
Huey says: "Let me see that picture again."
Huey says: "Enhance."
Huey says: "Enhance."
Huey says: "There we go."
Nokturne says: "Behold, my abyss box."
Nokturne says: "may it rest in pieces."
Nokturne says: "Someone opened it the moment before Scrooge disappeared."
Huey says: "Someone who hates Scrooge more than anyone."
All says: "Flintheart Glomgold!"
Beaks says: "H-Hey, my rich brother from another mother."
Glomgold says: "Wait, how did you know it was me?"
Louie says: "It's always you."
Glomgold says: "And it always will be!"
Glomgold says: "AH HAHAHAHAHA!"
Huey says: "So you took Scrooge."
Glomgold says: "Took Scrooge?"
Glomgold says: "No, I was trying to kill Scrooge."
Glomgold says: "It's like my whole thing."
Beaks says: "FYI, you're terrible at your thing."
Ma Beagle says: "If he was ever going to do it, he'd have to do it while Beakley's gone."
Glomgold says: "Ugh, I hate that woman."
Ma Beagle says: "Me too, she's the absolute worst."
Glomgold says: "You know who I miss?"
Glomgold says: "Duckworth."
Ma Beagle says: "Duckworth."
Ma Beagle says: "Aw, he threw the best parties."
Glomgold says: "Ooh, that man was an artist."
Glomgold says: "He never would have let us in here."
Beaks says: "Nemesis memories."
Huey says: "Stop bonding."
Huey says: "This is a crime scene."
Glomgold says: "Anyway, when I received a literal invitation to kill Scrooge..."
Huey says: "Ughhhh..."
Louie says: "You know what?"
Louie says: "Next time, you make the guest list."
Glomgold says: "..."
Glomgold says: "the real question was how to dispose of dear old McDuck."
Glomgold says: "And eventually I ran out of time, shoved a spare bomb in a gift box, and ran over."
Glomgold says: "HAH!"
Glomgold says: "Ah, classic Glomgold."
Huey says: "So when the lights went out, you rushed to give Scrooge the gift so you wouldn't miss your chance, but he had already disappeared."
Beaks says: "Coo-coo-cool, but so then where's the exploding present?"
Glomgold says: "Not my best work."
Huey says: "Yes, of course, It's all coming together."
Huey says: "Staff meeting."
Louie says: "You got nothing do you?"
Huey says: "I got nothing."
Louie says: "Okay, it pains me to say this, but maybe we should call Beakley for help."
Louie says: "Ooh, Ow, woah, doing the right thing stings."
Huey says: "No!"
Huey says: "the plan is I solve the mystery and rescue Scrooge."
Huey says: "He'll love the party and he'll be forced to admit I did a better job than Duckworth and then he'll let us throw parties all the time."
Louie says: "You want to do this all the time?"
Huey says: "I totally know who did it."
Louie says: "Uh..."
Huey says: "Yes."
Huey says: "Invited guests."
Huey says: "Assorted arch enemies."
Huey says: "Who is guilty of Scrooge McDuck's birthday disappearance?"
Huey says: "Ironically, it was the one with no plan whatsoever."
Huey says: "The one who took advantage of the chaos to take Scrooge now, Then decide how to kill him later."
Huey says: "That's right, it was Flintheart Glomgold!"
Glomgold says: "Ha HAH!"
Glomgold says: "Wait, what?"
Huey says: "You thought you got away with it."
Huey says: "but you didn't count on the worlds' greatest party planner slash detective."
Huey says: "Take that, Duckworth."
Huey says: ""Try again."
Dewey says: "Ble-ble-ble-bless me bagpipes."
Huey says: "Okay, so it wasn't Glomgold."
Huey says: "That means it was Mark Beaks."
Beaks says: "What's up?"
Huey says: ""Try Again?"
Huey says: "" Ma Beagle?"
Ma Beagle says: "Ah!"
Huey says: "Oh c'mon!"
Huey says: "That's weird."
Huey says: "There's literally no one else it could be."
Huey says: "If it wasn't them, then who?"
Louie says: "Cool, cool."
Louie says: "So time to give up on this disaster of a party and call Beakley?"
Dewey says: "ring, Che-Che-Cheerio."
Louie says: "Running out of sound effects?"
Dewey says: "Oh, yeah!"
Huey says: "Of course you two want to give up."
Huey says: "You've been conspiring against my amazing party from the start."
Huey says: "Inviting villains, being bad at DJ-ing?"
Huey says: "Yeah, I said it."
Dewey says: "Booo!"
Huey says: "I wouldn't be surprised if you took Uncle Scrooge to make me look bad."
Louie says: "We worked our butts off to help you plan this party and you complain."
Louie says: "Then we went along with this weird mystery party idea which went nowhere."
Louie says: "And worst of all, you made me the responsible one."
Huey says: "Well you can just, Black Arts!"
Huey says: "Black Arts!"
Huey says: "It was Black Arts Beagle and, a demon."
Huey says: "Knew it the whole time."
Louie says: "Great, mystery solved, now what?"
Huey says: "I don't know."
Huey says: "Once you solve the mystery the party should be over."
Nokturne says: "This party's just getting started."
Nokturne says: "I plotted this whole thing to prove to Ma that all those magic classes were not a waste of time."
Nokturne says: "You hear me?"
Nokturne says: "I summoned a demon to get rid of her enemies, and then, her."
Nokturne says: "And now I'll finally get rid of you."
Nokturne says: "Spirit, I command thee to get them!"
Nokturne says: "I said get them, please?"
Nokturne says: "Oh no, I'm not as good as I thought I was!"
Kids says: "Aahh!"
Huey says: "Now I'll never be able to throw a party better than Duckworth."
Louie says: "Also, you'll be dead!"
Huey says: "Should have listened to Uncle Scrooge when he said "Spit on me spats, I hate parties."
Huey says: "" But I just had to do it."
Louie says: "Right now, you have to stop talking."
Huey says: "I was trying to throw the best party, but wound up with the worst party, or was it the best party for someone who hates parties?"
Huey says: "That's it!"
Louie says: "Uh oh."
Huey says: "I know where Scrooge is!"
Louie says: "Stop Yelling!"
Dewey says: "Ugh, Oh man, I never want to see that helmet again."
Dewey says: "Ah, I wish I had the helmet!"
Dewey says: "Duck!"
Huey says: "Turn right."
Huey says: "I said right, Louie."
Huey says: "Right!"
Louie says: "I'm not controlling the armor."
Louie says: "The ghost thing is."
All says: "Aahh!"
All says: "uuh..."
Huey says: "C'mon, I know exactly who's behind this."
Scrooge says: "Boys, I give you the man who kidnapped our Uncle Scrooge."
Dewey says: "Uncle Scrooge?"
Louie says: "Uncle Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "There you lads are."
Scrooge says: "You're just in time for the best part."
Glomgold says: "Aah!"
Beaks says: "Don't kill me, I barely lived hashtag YOLO hashtag photo hashtag Aahh!"
Huey says: "The person with the best reason for getting Scrooge out of the party was Scrooge himself."
Dewey says: "S-S-Say what?"
Dewey says: "Sorry, I'm not used to talking."
Dewey says: "Sound epic, be-beep boop beep..."
Louie says: "Wait, what about Black Art's ghost?"
Scrooge says: "Not his ghost, my ghost."
Scrooge says: "Boys, meet Duckworth."
Duckworth says: "Good evening young sirs."
Dewey says: "A ghost butler?"
Louie says: "So do I ring a bell when I need you, or you just just show up..."
Scrooge says: "It all started with that monstrosity of a magic show."
Nokturne says: "I call upon the spirits!"
Scrooge says: "That preposterous prestidigitator conjured up a spirit, all right."
Scrooge says: "Unfortunately for him, it was the ghost of my most loyal servant."
Duckworth says: "I returned to the corporeal world to find the mansion full of Mr."
Duckworth says: "McDuck's enemies, and even worse, hosting them at a sub-par party."
Huey says: "Hey!"
Duckworth says: "So I did what any butler worth his coat tails would, alleviate the situation."
Louie says: "So the creepy whispering was you?"
Duckworth says: "I do have a flair for the dramatic."
Huey says: "When the lights went out, you took Scrooge to protect him from them, and me."
Huey says: "I'm sorry, Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "This was supposed to be a party for you but I made it about me."
Huey says: "Please accept my resignation as world's greatest party planner slash detective."
Scrooge says: "Ach, rubbish."
Scrooge says: "This has been my best birthday ever."
Scrooge says: "Those fellows will think twice before trying to set foot in McDuck Manor again, and you brought back my favorite butler from beyond the grave, no less."
Scrooge says: "The two of you really threw a???"
Scrooge says: "of a party."
Louie says: "Hang on if you liked the party why did Duckworth scare us all half to death?"
Scrooge says: "Ah, you weren't ever in any real danger."
Scrooge says: "That was clearly a fake ghost axe."
Duckworth says: "Ahem, of course."
Scrooge says: "Let this be a lesson."
Scrooge says: "I never want another party."
Huey says: "But what about parties for holidays like Christmas, Hanukkah, or the often overlooked Arbor Day?"
Duckworth says: "Mr McDuck just said  No parties."
Huey says: "I'll just buy a card."
Webby says: "Hey Duckworth."
Duckworth says: "Mrs."
Duckworth says: "Beakley."
Duckworth says: "How nice of you to finally return after abandoning your post."
Duckworth says: "Thankfully, I was here to pick up your slack."
Duckworth says: "Tell me, do you typically keep the house this shabby?"
Beakley says: "I preferred it when you were dead."