Opening song plays.
The episode commences with a zooming shot of McDuck Manor.
Cut to inside Scrooge's chambers, his hand is putting on a record of Sounds of the Scottish Highlands. He is pouring some tea into a cup and takes the cup before sitting in his chair. He is happy, closes his eyes and turns never noticing a golden Spear of Selene rocket outside, then sips his tea. The door opens and Della peaks her head in.
Scrooge McDuck says: "Ah, Della; What can I do for you on this beautiful morning?"
Della Duck says: "Uncle Scrooge, remember how great you felt when I came back from the Moon after all these years?"
Della Duck says: "All the unconditional love?"
Scrooge McDuck says: "More than you'll ever know, lass."
Scrooge McDuck says: "I'll remember that feeling always."
Della Duck says: "Great."
Della Duck says: "I need you to really hold on to that feeling."
Scrooge turns his office chair and widens his eyes and Della grits her teeth.
Scrooge McDuck says: "CURSE ME KILTS!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "IS THAT THE SPEAR OF SELENE?!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "!"
Della Duck says: "You promised you wouldn't be mad..."
Della Duck says: "!"
Cut to outside in downtown Duckburg, a third golden Spear of Selene replica begins to touchdown. All across Duckburg, there are eight golden Spear of Selene rocket replicas and the engine of one shuts down.
Cut to the living room of McDuck Manor, Scrooge is holding the remote and turns on the Channel 3 news. The text reads "Rocket Lands in Duckburg" as the air camera on the tv moves around.
Roxanne Featherly says: "Come on, Carl."
Cut to the site of where Roxanne was reporting the rocket's landing. Spectators are taking photos. One brown dog with bushy hair arrives. The camera changes to view of the golden rocket and goes upward. A helicopter flies over the golden rocket.
Roxanne Featherly says: "All of Duckburg watches as authorities send in their top man."
Gizmoduck speeds up to M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera who exchanges glances with her son. Gizmoduck then slowly closer to the rocket.
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck says: "Okay, Fenton, it's just first contact with life from beyond the stars."
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck says: "Momentous."
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck says: "Cosmically historic."
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck says: "Totally manageable."
Gizmoduck clears his throat and knocks on one of the fins of the rocket. He glares up and one of the fins opens revealing a ramp. Gizmoduck moves back. From within the rocket is Palus who has her hands clasped together. She walks out closer to Gizmoduck then off-screen spectators take some pictures.
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck says: "And you are?"
Palus takes the pie and eats a piece making sounds that agree with the flavor. In the McDuck Manor living room, the tv text reads "They come in peace... of pie?".
Della Duck says: "Oof!"
Della Duck says: "Maybe I misheard Penny's invasion warning."
Della Duck says: "Lot of static in space."
Cut back to the rocket's landing site. Palus gasps and reaches behind herself, while M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera glares suspiciously. A laser gun is moved into view.
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "GIZMODUCK, WATCH OUT!"
Palus proudly fires her laser gun while M'Ma Cabrera pushes her son away. The shot hits a police car. The crowd clamors as more Moonlanders armed with laser guns arrive.
Palus says: "We are the mighty!"
Palus says: "We are the MOON!"
The Moonlanders charge with clamoring yells while Palus takes another pie bite. Gizmoduck shrieks while shielding his mother from laser fire that misses them. Roxanne's TV crew and the spectators run for their lives and laser fire streaks across the camera. The news van's windshield is punctured while one dog with a burned cowboy hat peaks out.
Cut to the McDuck Manor living room. On the TV, Roxanne is running while screaming. The downed news camera shows a text reading "Carl was right, we're doomed!" Laser fire shorts out the camera and everyone in the living room gasps in horror.
Della Duck says: "Aw, phooey."
Cut to the Duckburg docks, laser fire forces a seagull to fly away. Over the shots of lasers, Mann is with her partner Fisher who is trying to shield himself. One fisherman is picking up his crate slightly. The camera shows the Moonlanders opening fire. The brutish fisherman runs at the Moonlanders, but stops as laser fire rings out and yells. But the Moonlanders point their guns at him and he exclaims while jumping into the water. The fisherpeople are confused about their brutish fisherman fleeting.
Cut to the Waddle Headquarters as people are panicking. A dog says: "Old Woman:  Run!"
a duck woman are running for their lives from laser fire while Gibbous says: "Old Woman:  Run!"
Zenith walk into view. Zenith fires her gun says: "Old Woman:  Run!"
Cut to the Waddle Headquarters as people are panicking. A dog says: "Run!"
a duck woman are running for their lives from laser fire while Gibbous says: "Run!"
Zenith walk into view. Zenith fires her gun says: "Run!"
Cut to the Waddle Headquarters as people are panicking. A dog says: "Look out!"
a duck woman are running for their lives from laser fire while Gibbous says: "Look out!"
Zenith walk into view. Zenith fires her gun says: "Look out!"
A flash photo confuses the Gibbous-Zenith pair and they turn to see Mark Beaks' phone taking selfies. Zenith seizes Beaks but it doesn't stop him from happily selfie-ing himself and his captors.
Cut to outside the Money Bin. Over police sirens, Palus and her party are closing in and the McDuck station wagon beeps its car horn. Palus's party make two lanes in confusion. In the station wagon, Della and the kids are screaming but the car stabilizes.
Scrooge says: "Faster,  The Bin is the most secure place in town!"
Dewey Duck says: "the chosen one!"
Della Duck says: "Why are they doing this?!"
Della Duck says: "!"
Della Duck says: "They liked me so much!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "I have a plan..."
Scrooge McDuck says: "!"
The car heads inside the Bin and the garage door shuts. The Bin is surrounded by lasers.
Cut to Gyro's office with Scrooge barging in.
Scrooge McDuck says: "Gyro!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "It's time."
Scrooge McDuck says: "Unleash..."
Scrooge McDuck says: "the Unstoppa-Bomb!"
Gyro Gearloose says: "The Moonlanders, um, already found that and stopped it."
Scrooge McDuck says: "What?"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Uh, alright then..."
Scrooge McDuck says: "Activate the Doomsday Ray..."
Scrooge McDuck says: "!"
Gyro Gearloose says: "That was like the first thing they took out."
Scrooge McDuck says: "Okay."
Gyro Gearloose says: "And you never will, because they destroyed that too."
Gyro Gearloose says: "This was a very well-planned invasion."
Suddenly, the projector goes on the fritz and shows Lunaris with something gold behind him.
General Lunaris says: "Greetings, puny Earthers; I am General Lunaris of the vastly superior Planet Moon."
Scrooge's party blinks at Lunaris.
Della Duck says: "Yeah, it's a whole thing with them."
General Lunaris says: "For too long, my people have lived in fear of your Earth hanging in the sky."
General Lunaris says: "The time has come for the Earth to fear us."
General Lunaris says: "I now wish to speak to Scrooge McDuck."
General Lunaris says: ""Smarter than the smarties", eh?"
General Lunaris says: "Heh."
General Lunaris says: "Perhaps on Earth."
Scrooge McDuck says: "You scurrilous space scoundrel!"
General Lunaris says: "You've probably just realized that I've taken out your defenses."
General Lunaris says: "And you've retreated to the strength of your impenetrable "Money Bin"."
General Lunaris says: "Lunaris..."
General Lunaris says: "has arrived."
Lunaris cuts out his transmission while projector turns to fritz. Scrooge turns to Della.
Scrooge McDuck.
We need to call for help. Unless Lunaris took down our communication satellites too.
Huey Duck says: "Uh, no."
Huey Duck says: "Louie did."
Louie Duck says: "That was last week!"
Louie Duck says: "I didn't know there'd be an alien invasion this week!"
Gyro Gearloose says: "I may have a solution."
Cut to Gyro's lab. Gyro opens a closet with Scrooge beside him. A number of Lil Bulbs march out to the open. The lead Lil Bulb stands in front while Gyro holds one.
Gyro Gearloose says: "Lil Bulb's Bulb-Tech operates on its own network."
Gyro Gearloose says: "They can talk  Find our allies!"
Gyro Gearloose says: "Go, children."
Gyro Gearloose says: "Like the wind!"
The Lil Bulb army runs to the elevator. One helps the other activate the up button. The other bulbs race into the elevator, then the other two follow. The lead Lil Bulb salutes Gyro who does the same then the elevator doors shut. Gyro walks away and the Lil Bulb clone jumps out of Scrooge's hand.
Della Duck says: "Uncle Scrooge."
Della Duck says: "Lunaris is coming for our family."
Della Duck says: "We have to do something."
Scrooge nods silently as does Della.
Scrooge McDuck says: "Kids!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Great news:: Dewey Duck: We're gonna heroically face-off against the enemy?"
Della Duck says: "Better!"
Della Duck says: "While Gyro's Bulbs search the town for fighters, we're gonna search the globe!"
Della Duck says: "I need Webby's skills, Dewey's gusto, Huey's know-how, and Louie?"
Della Duck says: "I need you to see the angles I can't."
Louie Duck says: "I won't let you down, Mom."
Della Duck says: "To the Cloudslayer!"
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "a male duck, a male dog and two female dogs who are in golden handcuffs."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "a male duck, a male dog and two female dogs who are in golden handcuffs."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "a male duck, a male dog and two female dogs who are in golden handcuffs."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "The camera moves up to Lil Bulb peaking behind a Waddle billboard."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "The camera moves up to Lil Bulb peaking behind a Waddle billboard."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "The camera moves up to Lil Bulb peaking behind a Waddle billboard."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "Lil Bulb waves to the other Bulbs and they run in different directions."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "Lil Bulb waves to the other Bulbs and they run in different directions."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "Lil Bulb waves to the other Bulbs and they run in different directions."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "One Bulb is nervous and Lil Bulb slaps it before hugging it."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "One Bulb is nervous and Lil Bulb slaps it before hugging it."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "One Bulb is nervous and Lil Bulb slaps it before hugging it."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "The Bulb salutes and runs off."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "The Bulb salutes and runs off."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "The Bulb salutes and runs off."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "Lil Bulb watches the bulb running across the street."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "Lil Bulb watches the bulb running across the street."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "Lil Bulb watches the bulb running across the street."
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns says: "In the sky, the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies away."
a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous says: "In the sky, the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies away."
four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians says: "In the sky, the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies away."
Cut to the limousine garage, Launchpad is having trouble starting his limousine.
Launchpad McQuack says: "C'mon!"
Launchpad McQuack says: "Oh, right..."
Launchpad McQuack says: "fire."
Two Moonlanders arrive while Launchpad struggles with the engine. One Moonlander startles Launchpad and prepares to fire his laser gun when a smoke flash stops him.
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the scream you can hear in space!"
Moonlander Soldier 1.
Off-screen Anything dangerous in there?
Camera shows one Moonlander soldier walking to his comrades dismissively.
Moonlander Soldier 2.
Nah. Just some purple weirdo. Move out!
Darkwing Duck says: "Whaddyamean, purple weirdo?!"
Darkwing Duck says: "!"
Launchpad McQuack says: "Darkwing!"
Launchpad McQuack says: "You saved me!"
A Lil bulb clone runs to the garage says: "Scrooge McDuck:  This is Scrooge McDuck, calling all forces to the bin!"
Darkwing Duck says: "Ah, a call to action."
Scrooge McDuck says: "Repeat, all forces to the Bin."
Darkwing Duck says: "Good idea."
Darkwing Duck says: "You be my ears so I can focus on defending the people."
Cuts to Gizmoduck lifting some debris for a dog civilian to escape while another Lil Bulb runs to Gizmoduck.
Scrooge McDuck says: "This is Scrooge McDuck, calling all forces to the Bin!"
Gizmoduck notices the bulb.
Cut to a playground where Lena is holding onto one of the bulbs and gasps. She stays hidden from two Moonlander soldiers. One rocket-like playset reads "Duck". A purple Moonlander aims but finds nothing.
Cut to the Duckburg Public Library. Five Moonlander soldiers are walking by. A Lil Bulb races inside. Inside at the desk are a pile of books.
Quackfaster with a green book on her head and Violet see the bulb out of curiosity.
Cut to the rooftops, one Lil Bulb clone is running across and raises it arms while Gibbous takes it in his hands.
Gibbous says: "What the craters is this?"
Huey Duck says: "Huey to Uncle Scrooge."
Huey Duck says: "Our top secret mission is underway."
The Lil Bulb clone spins its light bulb loose and it falls to the street, shattering while Gibbous is confused.
Cut to the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flying over the Egyptian desert.
Louie Duck says: "A regular ol' twofer."
Della Duck says: "Good thinking."
Della Duck says: "All part of the plan."
Louie Duck says: "Huey, got those bulb phones ready?"
Huey Duck says: "Mm, yeah- Working on it!"
Della Duck says: "There's the pyramid!"
Louie and Huey face front. Outside, the plane closes in on the pyramid where the kids fought Toth-Ra before.
Cut back to the plane, Louie reads the map while Huey comes view with Webby and Dewey.
Louie Duck says: "Perfect; We swoop down, pick up our forces and get back to Duckburg  spread."
The Cloudslayer/Sunchaser sees that a golden rocket has already landed.
Della's party says: "H'boy."
The Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies ahead.
Cut to outside the pyramid at ground level. Three Moonlanders join five of their ranks. Two of the soldiers fire while one charges forward. Even as lasers fire, Djinn is facing the Moonlanders and uses his sword to deflect a laser shot to hit a male soldier. Djinn grabs a female Moonlander and spins her around before throwing her as she screams. Djinn reflexively dodges two shots and swings his sword, sending a laser shot flying to a male Moonlander; The shot ricochets and hits a female soldier, then another male soldier. One male and one female Moonlander fire wildly while Amunet jumps down on them. She double kicks the male Moonlander away then uses her khopesh to sweep the female off her feet. The beaten Moonlander soldiers roll down the sandy hill as Amunet runs away from laser fire. Djinn is standing fast until Amunet grabs him.
Cut to the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser, Della is looking on in horror.
Della Duck says: "No."
Della Duck says: "No..."
Della Duck says: "!"
Cut to inside the pyramid, Amunet pulls Djinn inside amidst laser fire.
Outside, a Lil Bulb parachutes down.
Huey Duck says: "Djinn, Amunet, it's Huey Duck."
Huey Duck says: "You guys okay down there?"
Amunet says: "We'll be fine!"
Cut back to Cloudslayer/Sunchaser cockpit while Della's party listens from their Lil Bulb.
Djinn says: "Ooh!"
Djinn says: "My haunches!"
Huey Duck says: "Don't worry, we're coming for you!"
Della Duck says: "Where are the rest of your people?"
Amunet says: "Safe!"
Amunet says: "In the pyramid!"
Louie Duck says: "Mom, take us down!"
Della takes the wheel and grunts, but instead takes the plane up.
Louie Duck says: "No, Mom, lower."
Louie Duck says: "Go down- no, the pyramid's the other way."
Della Duck says: "There's no place to land."
Dewey Duck says: "There's a spot."
Dewey Duck says: "There's another spot."
Dewey Duck says: "In fact, it is mostly flat desert out there."
Della Duck says: "Djinn and Amunet can't hold them back much longer."
Della Duck says: "The Moonlanders will invade the pyramid."
Louie Duck says: "But..."
Louie Duck says: "what about the plan?"
Louie Duck says: "Reinforcements and..."
Louie Duck says: "?"
Della Duck says: "We'll find them someplace..."
Della Duck says: "safer."
Amunet says: "If only there was some kinda, I don't know, a moon god!"
Della's party says: "Or goddess!"
Della Duck says: "To Ithaquack!"
The plane flies away from the desert.
Cut to the Money Bin meeting room with Scrooge and his allies at the table arguing amongst themselves. Scrooge is on one end of the table facing Darkwing Duck. On one side, Beakley, Quackfaster, Manny, Violet, Lena and Duckworth. On the other side, Launchpad, Johnny, Randy, Gabby McStabberson who fought Scrooge's party before, Gyro, M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera and Gizmoduck. The camera zooms in on Scrooge looking at a battle map with a model of a spaceship.
Duckworth says: "We could sternly ask them to leave."
Lena Sabrewing says: "Buddy, you are a waste of magic."
Gyro Gearloose says: "Simple Solution: Clone army."
Gyro Gearloose says: "Why are we even still talking?"
Gyro Gearloose says: "I'll get the clone spray."
Gyro Gearloose says: "Meantime, we throw Gizmoduck out there as a decoy."
M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "You hurt him, I hurt you."
Gizmoduck says: "Thank you for your concern, random citizen!"
M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "Fenton,  I'm a detective and your mother."
M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "I know you're Gizmoduck."
Gizmoduck says: "M'ma!"
Gizmoduck says: "Secret identity."
As the arguing continues, we are shown a view facing Darkwing Duck with five Lil Bulbs liying on the table. Darkwing suddenly stands and raises a finger.
Darkwing Duck says: "What we need is a symbol to strike fear in their hearts."
Darkwing Duck says: "Lightning, drama, chaos, they surrender immediately to DARKWING DUCK!"
Violet Sabrewing says: "I'm sorry."
Violet Sabrewing says: "Who is that?"
Darkwing sulks and returns to his seat over the argument.
Gizmoduck says: "Hi, I'm Gizmoduck."
Gizmoduck says: "When there's trouble, you call me."
Gizmoduck says: "What's your name?"
Gizmoduck holds out his hand, but Darkwing groans angrily.
Launchpad McQuack says: "Guys, guys, I got it!"
Launchpad McQuack says: "What we need..."
Launchpad McQuack says: "is a plan."
Launchpad McQuack says: "And that plan is Darkwing!"
Scrooge says: "No one ever won a battle by squabbling!"
Scrooge says: "We need to stand united under one foolproof plan!"
Beakley says: "Lunaris DID defeat your first three foolproof plans."
Scrooge says: "Aye, and he thinks we're running scared."
Scrooge says: "The last thing he'd expect is for us to run  at him."
Lena says: "Yeah, cuz' it's crazy!"
Scrooge says: "I know every inch of that mansion."
Scrooge says: "If I can get up there, I can sneak into Lunaris' ship and take him down!"
Scrooge says: "But we need a distraction."
Scrooge says: "Our army will attack his army head-on!"
Quackfaster says: "I'm sorry."
Quackfaster says: "What army?"
Scrooge says: "My great-grandfather used to say: "Give me 12 highlanders and a bagpiper and I'll give you a rebellion!"
Scrooge says: "" We may be a rag-tag gang of underdogs but we'll survive like we always do because we're smarter."
Scrooge says: "we're tougher, we're sharper!"
Scrooge says: "Follow my lead and we'll win this battle square!"
Everyone cheers for Scrooge over his speech.
Cut to Ithaquack where the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer has landed. Outside Zeus' temple, Huey is still struggling with the Lil Bulbs while Webby throws a kick that Dewey blocks and Louie and Della climb the stairs.
Huey says: "Ah, no-- Stop-- I am man, you are machine."
Huey says: "Ow!"
Huey says: "Get off me!"
Della and Louie arrive outside Zeus' temple gates.
Louie says: "Hello?"
Louie says: "Selene?"
Louie says: "Goddess of the Moon?"
The door opens but Zeus appears and adamantly shoots a lightning blast which Della and Louie barely dodge.
Della says: "Open the ding-dang door, ya pantheon of palookas!"
Selene says: "We'd love to help you, but we're kinda grounded."
Cut to inside Zeus' temple, Selene and Storkules are holding Zeus by his arms desperately.
Storkules says: "Father, please!"
Storkules says: "What of the Earth!"
Storkules says: "?"
Storkules says: "What of my Donald?!"
Storkules says: "!"
Zeus says: "No!"
Zeus says: "We are not helping Scrooge McDuck!"
Zeus says: "If the mortals jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?"
Della Duck says: "Please, let us in!"
Louie Duck says: "So we can figure out a plan to stop the Moonlanders."
Della Duck says: "We need to hide!"
Louie Duck says: "..."
Louie Duck says: "our plan from spies so maybe we can talk it over on the plane back to Duckburg?"
Della Duck says: "We can't ever go back to Duckburg!"
Louie Duck says: "Without you!"
Louie Duck says: "I think."
Louie Duck says: "Sorry, Mom."
Louie Duck says: "I'm a little lost here."
Della Duck says: "Trust me; It's the plan."
Della Duck says: "You don't need to know every part of the plan, but it's a great plan!"
Louie Duck says: "Is part of the plan saying "plan" a lot?"
Louie Duck says: "Look, what's going on here, Mom?"
Just then, an energy burst hits the door while Della and Louie drop to the ground. In the sky, a golden Spear of Selene replica is opening fire and hits two pillars while Della and Louie take cover behind one. Della gives an annoyed grunt to the damage before she and Louie run away. Selene peaks out from the door.
Selene says: "Sorry!"
Selene says: "Call me later; We'll hang out if we're not all conquered."
Cut to the outer grounds of McDuck Manor. The camera moves from the large golden rocket over Mcduck Manor to the road to the manor house. Palus has a large Moonlander party with her.
Palus says: "Sir, we've secured the only path to the mansion."
Palus says: "No one's getting through."
General Lunaris says: "Very good."
General Lunaris says: "It's all falling into place."
Bagpipes are heard playing says: ""This is humiliating."
which irritates the Moonlander says: ""This is humiliating."
as the camera cuts to Scrooge dressed as a Scottish warrior playing bagpipes while riding on Manny as the latter taps says: ""This is humiliating."
Palus says: "Ugh..."
Palus says: "!"
Palus says: "He's launching some kind of horrible sonic warfare!"
The rest of Scrooge's allies show up as Scrooge continues playing the bagpipes while we get views of the two armies about to clash until he stops.
Scrooge says: "Stick to the plan."
Scrooge says: "Everyone hold until I give word, hold!"
Scrooge says: "Hold!"
Launchpad says: "There we go."
Scrooge says: "Oh, fine!"
Scrooge says: "Just go!"
Everyone begins to charge at the enemy as they shout for battle. The two armies converge with McDuck leaping off Manny and knocking out two Moonlander soldiers with his cane. One Moonlander fires, but Scrooge uses his cane to deflect it and hit her instead. Launchpad reverses the station wagon, then drives up to Scrooge's position.
Scrooge says: "Launchpad and uh, the the purple guy..."
Scrooge says: "No time."
Scrooge says: "Drive!"
Launchpad and Scrooge drive past the soldiers while Darkwing Duck jumps onto the roof of the car. Two soldiers fire but then Beakley yells punching a big blue Moonlander down. She then gives a gut punch, then a Shoryuken-like punch to another Moonlander. She gets punched in the face by a bigger green Moonlander, but she shrugs it off, grabs his arm and throws him down like aikido. Shocked, two male soldiers and one female soldier try to fire, but are enveloped into a black shadowy mist, carried into the sky and blasted out by Duckworth's monster form. He shifts to his normal form and gives a gesture, then shifts to his monster form and flies around scaring three more Moonlander soldiers to run towards some trees. The soldiers survey they surroundings but then Lena, sitting in one of the trees turns a soldier's laser gun into a crow. Lena then forms a ball of pink energy and hurls one at a soldier, then another. Another pink orb is shot as the third soldier flees, but then Violet using a pink-purple magic mace sweeps the soldier off his feet. He tries to fire, but Violet knocks his gun away. She aims her weapon and the soldier raises his hands in surrender. Elsewhere, two soldiers are firing when an explosion is heard. Gizmoduck drives up, and uses one of his extendable arms to grab the two soldiers and sling them far away. Gyro, Johnny, Randy and Gabby join up with Gizmoduck. More Moonlander lasers are fired while three more enemy soldiers arrive. Gyro fires an energy gun of his own, while Gabby jumps in front and reflexively uses her swords to deflect laser fire. She jumps into the air and throws three kunai to render the soldiers' guns useless. Gabby kneels while Quackfaster wildly runs at the soldiers with her own sword. Gizmoduck drives towards four Moonlander soldiers who are giving fire. Gizmoduck dodges a shot.
Gizmoduck says: "M'Ma!"
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "I got him!"
M'Ma Cabrera runs up and grabs a soldier's arm. She then twists the soldier's arm and forces him to the ground.
Gizmoduck says: "You're embarrassing me in front of the rebellion!"
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "These aren't some bank robbers."
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "It's an invasion!"
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "What are you going to do, pollito?"
Gizmoduck says: "Cream them..."
Gizmoduck says: "!"
Three more Moonlander soldiers fire while Gizmoduck encircles them and shoots three pies out of his chest, each hitting them square in the face. Gizmoduck jumps back to the side of his mother.
Female Moonlander Soldier says: "Mmm, what is this delicious flavor?"
Gizmoduck says: "Lemon merengue."
Gizmoduck says: "Harpies love it."
In the sky, the harpies who hassled Storkules and Louie Inc. before fly down from the clouds with screeches. With the pies cleared from their faces, the soldiers gasp and try to flee, but are carried away with screams of horror. M'Ma Cabrera is surprised.
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera says: "Not bad, Gizmopollito."
Gizmoduck says: "Ah!"
Gizmoduck says: "DR."
Gizmoduck says: "GEARLOOSE!"
Gyro Clone says: "Don't worry."
Gyro Gearloose says: "Okay."
Gyro Gearloose says: "That might have been me, none of us really know anymore."
Gyro Gearloose says: "CHAAARRGE!"
Gyro and his clones run towards three soldiers. Palus and another soldier are firing. Four more Moonlander soldiers join with Palus while Beakley knocks a Moonlander down. She spin kicks another soldier away but then laser fire scrapes her right arm. She clutches it in pain before getting her Lil Bulb out and calls into it.
Beakley says: "Mr."
Beakley says: "McDuck, I don't know how much longer we can hold them!"
Scrooge says: "Trust me, Beakley, it's going just as planned!"
Cut to the Duck station wagon driving through the road with Darkwing Duck standing on the roof proudly.
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the blakc hole that-  Can you slow down please?!"
Darkwing Duck says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Nonsense!"
Scrooge says: "I have to get to Lunaris before he realizes I'm missing from the battlefield."
Darkwing Duck says: "But if no one knows we're coming, well, how can they be terrified of me?"
Scrooge says: "For the last time, you ignominious egomaniac, they're not scared of you!"
Darkwing Duck says: "Oh."
Scrooge says: "They barely even notice you."
Cut to over the ocean. The Sunchaser/Cloudslayer is being chased by the golden rocket that was firing on them in Ithaquack. The laser shots barely graze the airplane.
Cut to inside the plane, the kids are screaming in their seats. In the cockpit, Della pulls out the map and looks into it. The plane begins to lose altitude, but she stabilizes it. She grunts while setting her prosthetic leg on the console and then, looks at the map.
Della says: "Okay."
Della says: "We can get to the Dawson Mines..."
Della says: "Ooh!"
Della says: "Or the caves of Mt."
Della says: "Neverest!"
Huey says: "But those places are abandoned."
Huey says: "I thought we were looking for recruits to fight Lunaris!"
Louie says: "I'm sure Mom's just, ya know, looking to set up a second base to attack from."
Laser fire breaks off part of the right float of the plane. Della is thrown from the cockpit with a scream, but grabs the steering wheel, sending the seaplane flying up. The golden rocket also follows suit. Della looks behind and the kids are hanging on for dear life. Huey's grip on the passenger seat fails with a scream.
Della says: "HUEY!"
Dewey senses the danger and catches his brother.
Dewey says: "Don't worry, the hero of Earth's here to save you..."
Dewey says: "and Webby is here to save me!"
Dewey says: "Dewey Ex Machina!"
Suddenly, the engine stalls out while Della climbs into the pilot seat. Della reapplies her metal leg, then moves the steering wheel with a roar. The engine roars and the plane moves past its golden rocket pursuer. Della moves the wheel back while the plane splashes some of the ocean water. She then sets the plane normally.
Della says: "Oof."
Dewey says: "We have to go back to Duckburg!"
Webby says: "The plan's not working."
Webby says: "We had a chance to get Amunet and Djinn, but we ran away."
Huey says: "And back in Ithaquack, you were more worried about getting us in then getting reinforcements out."
Huey says: "It's almost like..."
Louie says: "The plan isn't about finding help."
Louie says: "It's about running away!"
Louie says: "We're being scammed!"
Della says: "Lunaris is targeting us!"
Della says: "If I'd told the truth, you wouldn't have come!"
Dewey says: "So, we don't fight back?"
Dewey says: "We leave our friends and family?"
Della says: "You're my family!"
Della says: "I can't lose you again!"
Laser fire hits the engine and the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer spirals out of control while the occupants scream.
Cut to outside McDuck Manor. The station wagon arrives and the tires screech before passing through the outer walls.
Launchpad says: "Almost..."
Launchpad says: "there and..."
Launchpad says: "!"
A purple Moonlander jumps out with another blue soldier beside him, and the former fires. The shot hits the front left tire and car drifts two times. Three Moonlanders dodge the station wagon until it crash-stops at the dollar sign garden piece. The three soldiers watch with confident smiles while seemingly Scrooge walks out wobbily and drops on his frontal.
Moonlander Soldier says: "There's Scrooge McDuck: The soldier who spotted the supposed Scrooge changes his expression while a supposed Darkwing Duck sneaks out of the driver seat of the station wagon."
Moonlander Soldier says: "Forget him."
Moonlander Soldier says: "Get Scrooge!"
The three Moonlander soldiers jump onto the supposed Scrooge and pile up onto him.
Cut to inside the manor's foyer. Darkwing Duck hides for a moment beside the chimney then runs to the stairs stopping for a moment befor climbing the right stairway. In the hallway, Darkwing hides behind a chest and continues running when...
Zenith says: "Halt, Earther!"
Zenith says: "Who's this?"
What they do not suspect is that "Darkwing" is actually Scrooge who turns his eyes back. Scrooge rushes towards Gibbous and dodges his shot, then forcefully raises his right arm and kicks him in the back. Zenith tries to fire, but Scrooge uppercuts her gun from her hand.
Scrooge says: "I am  Scrooge McDuck!"
Gibbous says: "Ooh, impressive entrance!"
The Zenith-Gibbous pair clap their hands in applause.
Cut to outside in the front yard. Launchpad gets out of the station wagon wobbily when he hears fighting noises and gasps. It turns out the "Scrooge" fighting the Moonlander soldiers is Drake Mallard who is woozy. He tries to punch the big purple soldier, but is uppercuted backward.
Drake ducks under two punches from the male blue soldier, then backhand punches him. He then punches the big purple soldier making him clutch his chest in pain, then does a spinning punch sending the soldier flying. But the female blue soldier jabs Drake. Launchpad shows a determined look and runs forward, then tackles the female soldier before Darkwing can land his own punch.
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "Where did he-?"
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "How did he-?"
Launchpad says: "DW, are you okay?"
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "They finally paid attention to me."
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "I AM a hero!"
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "I am..."
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "Who am I?"
Launchpad says: "Darkwing Duck!"
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "Alright..."
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard says: "!"
Cut back to inside the McDuck Manor hallway. Scrooge has tied up Gibbous and Zenith before running through. He climbs out of a tower and onto the roof. With a few of the large golden Spear of Selene rocket, Scrooge converges ready to confront Lunaris.
Scrooge McDuck says: "I'm about to show you who's really smarter than the smarties."
Scrooge strodes to climb the ramp, but his left foot goes straight through and he falls through sliding towards the edge of the roof.
General Lunaris says: "Uh, behind you."
Scrooge turns and widens his eyes. From his POV, we see Lunaris' flagship de-cloaking. The camera moves in on the flagship's bridge as we see eight Moonlanders at control panels, and Lunaris sitting on his throne in the center with a wicked smile creeping on his face.
General Lunaris says: "It's time your pathetic Earth revolved around the Moon!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "You'll never get away with this!"
General Lunaris says: "I just did."
Lunaris's flagship cone reveals legs and they clamp down to the sea floor. It causes a wave that sends a pig and several others running away, while debris crushes a car and frightens a duck. The flagship burrows down while Scrooge looks on in horror.
Cut to an island with hills. The rocket that shot the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser down flies over.
Female Moonlander says: "No visible sign of life."
Female Moonlander says: "We're heading back to Duckburg."
At the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser's crash site, Della gets out first, then Webby, then the boys.
Della says: "Ah, we made it!"
Della says: "We're safe!"
Huey says: "And stuck."
Huey says: "You'd have to be pretty unlucky to be stranded here."
Della gasps as she hears bushes rustling. A mysterious shadowy figure comes out. The kids gasp as Della tries to defend them. The figure steps out and is revealed to be Donald Duck, scruffy and accompanied by a melon shaped like Mickey wearing his sailor hat. Della and the kids are even more shocked.
Kids says: "What?!"
Kids says: "!"
Della says: "Donald?"
Donald says: "Della?!"
Donald says: "!"
At the start of the second part while the Moon flies over the Sun, both brother and sister have a moment of silence as they approach each other to be reunited once again after so long. Cut to the kids happily watching both having a touching reunion. Then, the camera focuses on both siblings suddenly losing their tempers and jumping in the air in anger as they shout at each other.
Della says: "Where have you been?!"
Donald says: "Where have you been?!"
Della says: "!"
Donald says: "!"
Della says: "If you were home when I got back, you'd know I was stuck on the moon, which by the way, is invading us!"
Donald says: "I know!"
Donald says: "I warned you!"
Della says: "We didn't get a warning!"
Dewey says: "Stop yelling at each other."
Dewey says: "I could've been named "Turbo"!"
Dewey says: "You owe me 11 years of Turbo!"
Della says: "Don't change the subject!"
Della says: "Just because I missed you doesn't mean I'm not mad at you!"
Donald says: "I missed you too, ya big dummy!"
Realizing how much they really missed each other, Della and Donald finally embrace each other as tears form in their eyes.
Melon says: "Oh boy, I love a reunion!"
Della says: "Whoa!"
Della says: "Has the melon been a thing the whole time I've been gone or..."
Della says: "?"
Huey says: "No, that's new."
Cut to a shot of the Earth moving around the Moon.
Cut to Duckburg, Lunaris's ship is making the clouds spread apart. The water is now frozen solid. Lunaris watches while a gold rocket touches down. Lunaris then walks away.
Cut to the Duckburg harbor, one of the fishing boats is abandoned. A fish shop is closed down. Outside the Chums restaurant, the Moonlanders have rounded up Mann and Fisher's party of fishers. They do not see Launchpad sneaking around.
Cut to inside the restaurant, Scrooge is with his remaining allies, Manny, Duckworth and Beakley at a table.
Scrooge says: "Maybe if I- Oh, no, he'll take us out here-  Okay, what if I-?"
Launchpad says: "Also, everyone's been captured by Moon guys."
Scrooge says: "Grrrrr..."
Scrooge says: "Blasted tartar sauce!"
Launchpad says: "Uh..."
Launchpad says: "Is he okay?"
Beakley says: "He's..."
Beakley says: "strategizing."
Beakley says: "Everything's fine."
Beakley says: "Sure, we had an army before and now there's only an elite squad of five."
Beakley says: "Not reassuring that he went down instead of up."
Scrooge says: "Well, wherever Della and the kids are, at least their together."
Cut to the island Della and the kids are stranded with Donald on. Huey and Dewey are looking with half-closed eyes in bewilderment while Della simply stares at him.
Melon says: "After Penumbra helped Donald escape those evil Moonlanders, why, he crash landed on this island."
Della says: "You met Penny on the Moon?"
Della says: "Is she okay?"
Della says: "I miss her constantly trying to impale me."
Melon says: "Uh, we've been having a real good time."
Melon says: "Sharing sandwiches, drinking sea water smoothies to drown our sorrows..."
Webby says: "You've been surviving on sea water and sand this whole time?"
Donald says: "But now I'm saved!"
Melon says: "You must have been searching for him for months!"
Huey says: "Yes!"
Huey says: "We totally knew you were missing and not on a cruise."
Dewey says: "Did we?"
Webby says: "Yes."
Webby says: "That's why we're here."
Della says: "That's what the Melon said."
Melon says: "I told you your family would never forget about you!"
Melon says: "Which is why you have to go back, my friend."
Donald says: "Lunaris is a monster!"
Donald says: "We gotta go help Uncle Scrooge!"
Louie says: "Now that we found you, we can all fight Lunaris together!"
Della says: "No way."
Della says: "The plan is to keep you as far away from danger as possible."
Della says: "Besides, Scrooge knows exactly what he's doing."
Cut to Scrooge lying his head on the Chums table.
Scrooge says: "Ugh, I have no idea what I'm doing..."
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "I'm afraid there's no sane way to stop him."
Glomgold says: "You all know me."
Glomgold says: "Know how I make my living."
Glomgold says: "You don't need a plan; You need..."
Glomgold says: "a scheme."
Glomgold says: "A cockamamie one!"
Scrooge says: "What the blazes are you doing here?"
Beakley says: "Didn't your last scheme backfire so badly you lost your fortune to a child and turned literally every villain in town against you?"
Glomgold says: "And you can survive too, if you listen to ole Flinty."
Scrooge says: "Well, we are all out of good ideas."
Scrooge's party gasps in shock while Manny clops "Gasp!".
Glomgold says: "YES!"
Cut back to the deserted island where Della is moving two leaves apart.
Della says: "Ta-da!"
Della says: "Welcome home!"
Huey says: "So let's see, we've got this tree, sand, and water."
Huey says: "Whole lot of both."
Huey says: "How can this get us home?"
Dewey says: "Oh!"
Dewey says: "Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!"
Louie says: "Keeping in mind, Dewey can't surf us to safety because he does not know how to surf."
Dewey says: "We don't know that until I try!"
Dewey takes a broken plane part for a makeshift surf board, but the waves simply push him back to the island.
Webby says: "Welcome back!"
Della says: "Who's up for beach volleyball?"
Della says: "Melon, I'm looking at you because we're gonna need a ball."
Donald says: "No!"
Huey says: "We don't have time for games."
Huey says: "We need to get back to Duckburg."
Della says: "It's too dangerous."
Della says: "We don't know what's waiting for us back there."
Webby says: "But the earth needs our help!"
Della says: "Scrooge will handle it."
Louie says: "And how are we supposed to survive?!"
Louie says: "!"
Della says: "Aah!"
Della says: "Living here is great!"
Dewey says: "No offense, Mom, but we might as well be living on the moon."
Melon says: "See you real soooooon!"
Donald says: "Noooo!"
Della moves her eyes then storms off.
Cut to a projection reading "Operation Glomgold Saves Everyone".
The camera cuts to Scrooge, Beakley, Launchpad, and Manny sitting as they watch Glomgold's slideshow with bore and reluctance.
Scrooge says: "Some bigger than others, I see."
The others begin to snicker at Scrooge's remark while Manny simply shakes his shoulders. Glomgold appears upset and somewhat annoyed.
Scrooge motions his hands above his beak, then Glomgold turns back to his projection.
Beakley says: "Are we honestly going to trust this maniacal knock-off?"
Scrooge says: "Lunaris has a counter for every one of my plans..."
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "What else are we to do?"
Scrooge says: "Surrender and freeze to death?"
Glomgold taps his projection button to show Glomgold doing one-hand push-ups.
Beakley says: "Well, it does seem less painful than this."
Cut to outside, Glomgold is holding a shark wearing a winter coat. Scrooge's party is watching somewhat disgusted.
Scrooge says: "Is that shark wearing a parka?"
Glomgold says: "I call it a Sharka."
Glomgold says: "Because Papa doesn't want his precious babies getting sick."
Glomgold says: "No, I don't."
The shark wriggles loose and chases Glomgold.
Scrooge says: "I'm going to miss being a planet."
The shark chomps while Glomgold screams.
Cut back to the island where Della, Donald and the children are still trapped on. At the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser crash site, Della is humming her lullaby. She sets her drawing of her sons on the wall.
Louie says: "Hey, Mom."
Della says: "I drew this back when I had to imagine what you boys looked like."
Louie says: "I think you really nailed Dewey."
Della says: "On the moon, all I could think about was being your mom, the adventures, the fun..."
Della says: "I wasn't prepared for..."
Della says: "all this."
Louie says: "Look, I hate surprises."
Louie says: "I like seeing every angle of a situation so that I can take control of it."
Louie says: "But you can't plan for everything."
Louie says: "Sometimes, a robot boy uses you as a pinata."
Della says: "I think I'm losing the thread here."
Louie says: "But sometimes, the mom you thought you lost comes back."
Louie says: "And that's a surprise too; So you deal with the bad surprises because they may lead to a good one."
Della says: "But what if Lunaris succeeds?"
Della says: "What if I lose you again?"
Della says: "What if..."
Della says: "?"
Louie says: "You know when I'm terrified, which is often, I try to remember this old song."
Louie says: ""Face each new sun with eyes clear and true, unafraid of the unknown..."
Della says: "How did you hear it?"
Louie says: "Well, Uncle Donald used to sing it to us when we were little."
Donald says: "That's true."
Donald says: "Every night."
Della says: "That's a pretty good surprise."
Della says: "Let's go face the unknown together!"
Della says: "So, any ideas on how to get back or..."
Della says: "?"
Voice says: "Ahoy there!"
The camera reveals their cousins says: "Fethry Duck waving at them and Gladstone Gander carrying the Melon, both riding on Mitzy pulling the Gladyear Blimp as they approach the island."
Huey says: "Mitzy?"
Della says: "Cousin Gladstone!"
Della says: "Cousin Fethry!"
Fethry says: "Della?"
Fethry says: "Donald?"
Fethry says: "Huey?"
Fethry says: "Dewey?"
Fethry says: "Green kid?"
Fethry says: "Girl kid?"
Fethry says: "Airplane?"
Fethry says: "Palm tree?"
Gladstone says: "Hey, fam'!"
Gladstone says: "Want some melon?"
Gladstone says: "Luckily, my blimp was blown clear of the invasion and out to sea."
Gladstone says: "This."
Gladstone says: "Is."
Gladstone says: "Delicious."
Gladstone says: "You want some, Donaldo?"
Donald, Della, Huey, and Dewey stare at the half-eaten remains of Donald's melon friend in shock and horror.
Fethry says: "You guys need a lift?"
The camera cuts to both the adults and the kids riding on Mitzy back to Duckburg as she continues pulling the blimp. Each adult strikes a pose, Donald having shaved his long hair and beard, then the camera zooms out to reveal the kids striking the exact same pose as the adults. Dewey turns to his left to see that his pose matches Donald's, wishing it had been Gladstone's instead like with Louie; much to his disappointment and annoyance.
Dewey says: "Aw, man!"
Dewey says: "Am I the Uncle Donald?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Cut to the frozen Duckburg harbor waters. A pick axe cuts through a part of the ice. Glomgold is gleefully holding the pick axe. He then walks away and bringsin a wheelbarrow carrying two sharks in parkas.
Glomgold says: "Go, my babies!"
The two sharks and a third shark swim underwater.
Scrooge says: "Lemme get this straight; The "Sharkas" eat through the tower supports under the ice."
Glomgold says: "Obviously."
Scrooge says: "And..."
Scrooge says: "Beakley is dressed like this,  why?"
Glomgold says: "giant slingshot is normal-sized?"
Glomgold says: "Ever heard of an optical illusion?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Scrooge says: "little boy, allowing her to fire Launchpad, who is a rock, up to the tower's control room and shut it down."
Glomgold says: "Now y'er gettin' it, Scroogey."
Scrooge says: "And, uh, what's my part in this?"
Glomgold says: "lets into their home, without question."
Glomgold unzips the covering and Scrooge widens his eyes in shock.
Scrooge says: "No."
Scrooge says: "No!"
Scrooge says: "You're only doing this because you know I'll hate it."
Beakley says: "Glomgold, you've gone too far!"
Launchpad says: "You animal!"
Launchpad says: "The thing he hates the most!"
Glomgold says: "Right; And how many of your plans worked?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Glomgold shakes the hanger and Scrooge grumbles before relunctantly taking what's inside...
Cut to Lunaris's flagship bridge and Lunaris on his throne.
Lunaris says: "I can't believe my father feared these Earthers."
Lunaris says: "They're pathetic."
Lunaris says: "Huh?"
Lunaris says: "What the moon devil is this?"
Lunaris says: "What are beasts in winter clothing surely it would only wear them down."
Lunaris says: "Preposterous!"
Lunaris says: "Is that Scrooge's housekeeper holding a man dressed as a rock?"
Lunaris says: "Oh, this is sad, even for Scrooge."
Lunaris says: "Unless..."
Lunaris says: "he wants me to think that."
Lunaris says: "An idiotic cover for a secretly brilliant strategy."
Lunaris says: "Oh, what am I not seeing?"
Scrooge says: "Ho, ho, ho, merry invasion."
Lunaris says: "Scrooge, please."
Lunaris says: "Whatever this "plan" you have is, it's embarassing us both."
Scrooge says: "Ooh, it's not my plan."
Scrooge says: ""You have to talk to the greatest, most handsome, tenacious, honest and- noble boy on the tippity-top of the nice list..."
Glomgold says: "FLINTHEART GLOMGOLD!"
Lunaris says: "I'm sorry, who is this?"
Glomgold says: "Nice try, moon man."
Glomgold says: "Pretending not to know earth's greatest mastermind!"
Scrooge says: "Was this whole thing a scheme for you to get back your company?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Glomgold says: "Ha!"
Glomgold says: "No take back on Christmas."
Scrooge says: "IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS!"
Glomgold says: "THEN WHY IS SANTA HERE?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Scrooge and Glomgold begins to quarrel while Lunaris watches in confusion. He then shoots the present box, stopping Scrooge and Glomgold.
Lunaris says: "Enough, no more tricks!"
Lunaris says: "What is your plan?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Lunaris says: "is this part of it?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Bless me bagpipes..."
Scrooge says: "Flinty, I think it's working!"
Glomgold says: "Of course it is!"
Lunaris says: "What is working?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Glomgold gives a hand signal to Beakley in the distance.
Lunaris says: "What did you just do with your hand?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Beakley sees the signal. She then slingshots Launchpad who is dressed as a rock into the mothership.
Launchpad says: "I was a guy this whole tiiiiiiiiiime!"
Launchpad lands on one of the control rooms, destroying part of the controls including part of the rocket engine.
Lunaris says: "What?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Lunaris says: "No!"
Scrooge says: "You are prepared for our best, but not our dumbest."
Glomgold says: "And I'm the dumbest there's ever been!"
Glomgold says: "AHAHAHA- wait..."
Glomgold's sharks successfully weaken one of the ship's supports underwater.
Lunaris says: "How is this possible?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Lunaris says: "I will not be stopped!"
Glomgold says: "Glomgold!"
Glomgold says: "Glomgold!"
Lunaris says: "NO!"
Lunaris says: "You will live in fear of me!"
Lunaris says: "I am the mighty!"
Lunaris says: "I am the moon!"
Glomgold jumps on Lunaris and grabs him by the neck.
Glomgold says: "The moon's not a planet."
STOP! SAYING! THAT! Throws Glomgold away.
Lunaris says: "Any last words?"
Scrooge says: "Hi, kids."
All in unison says: "Hi, Uncle Scrooge!"
Lunaris says: "None of this makes any sense!"
Lunaris says: "No, no!"
Fethry says: "Pull, Mitzi, pull!"
Gladstone says: "Looks like we're outta luck."
Gladstone drops a slice of melon, which is caught by nearby seagulls, but dropped again in front of Launchpad. This leads the seagulls to attack Launchpad and cause him to unknowingly pull a lever that releases the support Mitzy was trying to pull, as he then falls out of the ship before it begins tumbling over.
Lunaris says: "No, no, my plan is flawless!"
Taking advantage of its still active thruster, Mitzy catches the falling craft and aims it back towards the moon.
Scrooge says: "About time you came home!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, was he not on a cruise then?"
Lunaris says: "If the earthers won't live in fear of the moon, then they'll die in fear of it!"
Glomgold says: "So..."
Glomgold says: "you guys got it from here, right?"
Lunaris says: "After I blow up the earth, then you won't be a planet!"
Lunaris says: "Hahahaha!"
Palus says: "He wouldn't blow us up, right?"
Gibbous says: "Sorry, he's going to blow up who now?"
Zenith says: "Wait, are we the bad guys?"
Della says: "Don't I owe you kids a trip to space?"
Lunaris says: "What?"
Lunaris says: "Who would dare?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Donald says: "Look out out!"
Scrooge says: "All right, we have to take out that engine before it hits earth!"
Della says: "Yes, sir!"
Della says: "But I can't get near that engine while his laser turrets are on."
Scrooge says: "Kids, knock out those lasers!"
Louie says: "Huey, you aim, I'll fire."
Webby says: "Yeah!"
Donald says: "Move!"
Donald says: "This is a ship, I am a sailor!"
Della says: "This is a rocket ship, genius!"
Della says: "I'm a pilot!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, bless me bagpipes, have I missed this."
Louie says: "Up!"
Louie says: "Up!"
Louie says: "Up!"
Louie says: "up!"
Louie says: "Up!"
Louie says: "Up!"
Dewey says: "Pew, pew, pew, pew!"
Webby says: "DEWEY!"
Webby says: "Give me your turn!"
Webby says: "Pew, pew, pew!"
Scrooge says: "One more run and we can knock out that engine!"
Lunaris says: "Ah, there's that indomitable eart spirit."
Lunaris says: "Can't wait to crash it like I'll crash YOUR PLANET!"
Lunaris says: "Ahaha!"
Lunaris says: "There's no escape this time!"
Louie says: "What are you doing?!"
Louie says: "!"
Della says: "I can't find an angle out!"
Lunaris says: "Farewell, Della Duck."
Lunaris says: "Penumbra?!"
Lunaris says: "!"
Penumbra says: "Hello, General."
Penumbra says: "..."
Penumbra says: "Hiiiiii, roomie!"
Della says: "Penny!"
Della says: "Didn't see that one coming!"
Della says: "Anyway, this is my family!"
Della says: "You know Donald?"
Penumbra says: "Let me in!"
Della says: "Oh, right."
Lunaris says: "No!"
Lunaris says: "I will not be defeated."
Lunaris says: "I planned for every eventuality."
Lunaris says: "Backup engine, activate..."
Lunaris says: "I said activate, that's an order!"
Lunaris says: "Why don't you- What the..."
Lunaris says: "?"
Selene says: "Hey, Selene here, Goddes of the Moon, probably heard of me."
Selene says: "So, my brother, Storkules, is setting the Earth back into orbit as we speak."
Selene says: "Bad news, your ship is stuck orbiting the Earth!"
Lunaris says: "Oh no, not that..."
Lunaris says: "Not-!"
Selene says: "But, good news."
Selene says: "Congratulations, you're the Earth's newest moon!"
Lunaris says: "AW, PHOEEEEY!"
Launchpad says: "So, um, cool crash."
Launchpad says: "I don't suppose you'd like to grab a coffee or something."
Penumbra says: "I can destroy you easily."
Launchpad says: "So, yes?"
Glomgold says: "I did it!"
Glomgold says: "I defeated Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "WE WERE ON THE SAME TEAM!"
Louie says: "Well, we survived that."
Louie says: "So what do we do now?"
Della says: "I don't know, but we'll do it together."
As everyone celebrates, the screen pulls back and reveals a big screen.
Voice says: "This has gone too far."
Voice says: "The Ducks almost cost us the world today."
Voice says: "And without the world, who would we larceny against?"
Bradford says: "The pieces are finally in place."
Bradford says: "Time had to come out of the shadows, take control, and end Clan McDuck."
Bradford says: "If the McDuck family wants an adventure, we'll give them their last."