The episode commences with a shot of McDuck Manor on the hilltop. Camera goes downward to show Della waiting outside the gates. Camera cuts to Della's frontal and she exhales while in the background, the Spear of Selene is flying away with smoke trailing below it. Della attempts to jump the gate but hits it and slides down slowly.
Della says: "Dumb earth gravity..."
Della says: "!"
Della says: "Won't."
Della says: "Keep."
Della says: "Me."
Della says: "From..."
Cut to Della with her hand about to knock on the front door.
Della says: "The kids."
Della hesitates to knock but turns away with a nervous look on her face.
Della says: "Okay, first impression is the only impression."
Della says: "You gotta nail this."
Della says: "Simple, sincere."
Della says: "It's just the most important moment of your life."
Inside the mansion, Scrooge's lower side shown leads the children who are packing their things; Huey packs a water canteen, Dewey tests a flashlight, Louie is carrying a pillow, and Webby is carrying her grappling hook. Scrooge laughs while presenting a glowing bird feather.
Scrooge says: "Behold: The Cartographer's Quill!"
Scrooge says: "Daring adventure..."
Dewey says: "Yeah!"
Scrooge says: "Infinite wisdom."
Huey says: "Mm."
Scrooge says: "And untold mystery in the world literally at your fingertips!"
Webby says: "Ooh, you had me at quill!"
Scrooge says: "This could be the most important moment of our adventuring lives!"
Scrooge opens the door and who should they find at the front porch, but Della Duck practicing her greetings!
Della says: "'Sup, party people!"
Della says: "Sorry, that was terrible."
Della says: "Can I get a do-over?"
Scrooge looks at Della for the first time in years, as if tears about to fall from his eyes.
Della says: "Hi, Uncle Scrooge."
Scrooge drops the quill and it shatters at their feet.
Della says: "Uh..."
Before she could respond, Della gasps while Scrooge happily embraces his niece. Scrooge swings her around while laughing happily and sets her down.
Scrooge says: "IT'S YOU!"
Scrooge says: "IT'S REALLY YOU!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, look at ya'!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, standing here!"
Della says: "Dead?"
Della says: "Not yet!"
Scrooge says: "Where?"
Della says: "The Moon!"
Scrooge says: "I searched the Moon!"
Della says: "Not hard enough!"
Della says: "There were mites and aliens and I had to rebuild the spear with my tooth!"
Scrooge says: "Don't raise your voice at me, you rapacious rocketeer!"
Della says: "I missed your Scroogeian alliteration."
As Scrooge looks at Della's prosthetic leg with a look of worry.
Della says: "Lost it in the crash..."
Scrooge looks up to Della, but then smiles at her metal leg.
Scrooge says: "Out of rocket parts!"
Scrooge says: "Brilliant!"
Scrooge says: "Leg or no, you're every bit the woman you're were 10 years ago."
The kids glare at Della who is about to drop tears from her eyes.
Dewey says: "Who's the cyborg?"
Huey says: "Is that?"
Louie says: "It can't be."
Webby says: "Guys, I think that's your mom."
Della and Scrooge walk up with the former dropping to her knees with tears beginning to fall.
Scrooge says: "Huey, Dewey, Louie..."
Scrooge says: "meet Della Duck."
Dewey says: "Oh!"
Dewey says: "I'm part robot."
Dewey says: "I knew it!"
Dewey runs up to Della and embraces his mother for the first time ever. The two exchange sad-happy glances. But then...
Della says: "Wait, Huey, Dewey, and Louie?"
Della says: "No, no, no..."
Della says: "their names were supposed to be Jet, Turbo, and Rebel."
Dewey says: "I could have been Turbo?"
Della says: "I told Donald."
Della says: "I wrote it down in case no one could understand him."
Dewey says: "I could have been Turbo?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Huey says: "Hi, Huey slash Jet here."
Huey says: "How did you survive in a barren wasteland?"
Huey says: "Have you adjusted to our gravity?"
Huey says: "Did you make any customized modifications to your leg?"
Della says: "Sheer determination to get back to you, kinda, and no because as Junior Woodchuck Rule 42 states..."
Both says: "Build things right the first time and they won't need modification."
Huey says: "You really are my mom!"
Dewey says: "Get in here, Rebel!"
Louie says: "Nope."
Louie says: "I'm not buying."
Louie says: "This has to be a trick or a curse from Magica or a parallel universe or..."
Louie says: "or..."
Louie is unable to stop crying, while Della walks up to him with open arms before dropping to her knees.
Louie says: "Mom!"
Della says: "Mm-hm."
Della and her sons have a group hug. Cut to Webby who is crying.
Webby says: "My heart!"
Webby says: "It's too full!"
Webby makes another crying noise. Cut to the dining table. Over Della's munching noises says: "Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna."
there is loads of food set on the table; Mashed potatoes says: "Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna."
a small pea says: "Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna."
some muffins on Della's end. And between the boys says: "Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna."
Scrooge says: "Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna."
Webby makes another crying noise. Cut to the dining table. Over Della's munching noises says: "Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins."
there is loads of food set on the table; Mashed potatoes says: "Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins."
a small pea says: "Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins."
some muffins on Della's end. And between the boys says: "Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins."
Scrooge says: "Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins."
Dewey says: "Wow, she is amazing!"
Someone moves to take one of Della's plates, but she gets the pea and swallows it.
Della says: "And..."
Della says: "NOW I'm done."
Della says: "Thanks..."
Della says: "Where's Duckworth?"
Beakley says: "He's moved on."
Beakley says: "Though sadly not far enough."
Duckworth phases into the dining table and spreads his hands.
Duckworth says: "The underworld has fewer cobwebs to tend to."
Beakley hurls a plate at her predecessor, but it goes right through and shatters against the wall. Duckworth moves his eyes, then bows and leaves. Cut back to Scrooge and Della.
Scrooge says: "You've been gone awhile, lass."
Scrooge says: "A lot has changed."
Dewey stands on the table.
Dewey says: "Is it true that parents pick favorites?"
Dewey says: "Which one of us is yours?"
Huey comes up next.
Huey says: "Did you suffer any side effects from the cosmic storm?"
Huey says: "Ooh, how many fingers am I holding up?"
Louie moves to Della's chair side.
Louie says: "Wait, are you moving in?"
Dewey says: "Back to favorites, it's old Turbo, right?"
Webby says: "I'm Webby!"
Scrooge says: "Let her rest."
Della says: "I've got my boys."
Della ruffles Louie's hair and it stands straight up like Dewey's. Dewey gives a thumbs up and Louie groans, but Louie lowers his hair again.
Della says: "My brother..."
Della says: "Wait, where's Donald?"
Webby says: "He's off on a relaxing remote vacation."
Cut to Donald in the Spear of Selene's cockpit babbling and quack-shrieking while the rocket leaves the Earth's atmosphere for the second time. Then back to the dining hall.
Della says: "Oh, instead of welcoming back his sister, must be nice."
Della says: "Wait, you are potty-trained, right?"
Huey and Louie nod yes silently while Dewey gives a kinda-hand signal.
Della says: "What I'm trying to say is..."
Louie says: "But I..."
Dewey says: "Of course, we're a family again."
Huey follows suit and Dewey gets the reluctant Louie's hand on Della's.
Della says: "I missed you so much."
Della says: "You deserve to have the best mom and I'm going to be the best mom, starting right now."
Della says: "WHO WANTS CAKE?"
Huey says: "Yeah!"
Dewey says: "Yeah!"
Webby says: "Yeah!"
Huey says: "Woo-hoo!"
Dewey says: "Woo-hoo!"
Webby says: "Woo-hoo!"
Della says: "To the kitchen!"
Della says: "Which is apparently over here now!"
Della says: "Did you remodel?"
In the kitchen, Della marks her apron "Moon's Best Mom" and puts it on. She preheats the oven to 350 degrees. Della pours flour into a bowl and gets some on her face. Della beats the bowl causing it to overfill. Next, Della uses one of her feet to pour the batter into another while reading a cook book. We next get a timer resembling Scrooge's hat ringing. Della gets her cake out of the oven oblivious to the smoke alarms going off and the fire from the oven. She kicks the oven shut with her metal leg, and chuckles while applying candles, then uses the oven's fire to light the candles.
Della says: "Perfect!"
As soon as Della walks away says: "One has white and blue icing with a party hat and hearts, the second has a soft appearance, and the last has a tree-like candle and a pirate eyepatch around it."
a worried Beakley pulls out a fire extinguisher. Cut back to the dining table says: "One has white and blue icing with a party hat and hearts, the second has a soft appearance, and the last has a tree-like candle and a pirate eyepatch around it."
Della is placing three cakes on a plate to her kids says: "One has white and blue icing with a party hat and hearts, the second has a soft appearance, and the last has a tree-like candle and a pirate eyepatch around it."
Della says: "Congratulations Birthday Valentine, Merry Flag Day Just Because, Happy International Talk Like A Pirate Arrrr-bor Day!"
From the boys' end, Webby is getting a photo of them and their cakes.
Della says: "I missed so many life achievements and holidays, I'm gonna make up for them all tonight!"
Huey and Dewey blow the candles on top of their cakes.
Della says: "I didn't know what dessert was your favorite, so I made all of them!"
Dewey says: "My favorite dessert is all of them!"
Dewey says: "Good instincts, Mom."
Dewey picks up a fork and starts eating his cake with excitement.
Huey says: "Well, I don't normally have night-time sugars, but since this is all the special occasions."
Huey picks up a fork and takes a bite. Then, his eyes begin to widen as he becomes overjoyed.
Huey says: "You made flan?"
Della says: "Because I'm a "flan"-tastic mom."
Dewey says: "Oh my gosh, our mom is hilarious!"
Louie pokes his cake while Huey continues tapping on the table with his eyes still widened until Della removes the tray. Cut back to Della taking out and holding a surprise behind her back.
Della says: "Now, it is my honor to present you with a true "Della-cacy"."
Dewey says: "How does she "Dewey" it?"
Louie says: "Oh boy, now there's two of them..."
Della presents them with another cake she made but with fireworks planted on top instead.
Della says: "Behold: my classic firework cake!"
Della says: "It's like a regular cake, but it's loaded with fizzy rocks!"
Dewey says: "I haven't seen these in forever!"
Webby says: "That's because after all the lawsuits, the government claimed they were unsafe to eat."
Dewey brings the plate closer to him and picks up two forks to eat with.
Dewey says: "That sounds like a challenge."
Webby says: "Again, it's incredibly unsafe."
Huey says: "Yeah, do it!"
Huey says: "Do it!"
Huey says: "Do it!"
Louie says: "Every time."
Dewey takes a bite out of the cake.
Dewey says: "Mom, look!"
Dewey says: "I'm shifting into Turbo!"
Dewey continues chewing until his cheeks swell up and a stream of fizz bursts out of his mouth and forces him to the ground as Della is startled in shock over this.
Dewey says: "Best mother eve..."
Louie backs away in fear and Huey laughs with joy while trampling and playing with the fizz like snow.
Della says: "This is..."
Della says: "going so well."
Cut to the triplets' sleeping quarters. Della enters cradling Dewey who is still feeling rumbling symptoms in his stomach.
Della says: "It's gonna be okay."
Dewey says: "My insides are on fire,  with love for my mom..."
Dewey says: "!"
Della also groans and sets Dewey down on the bed.
Della says: "Hey, I know what'll make that belly feel better; A bedtime story!"
Della says: "Because a good mom knows how to sooth her sick kid."
Della says: "Ever heard the one about "The Princess and the Peacock"?"
Louie says: "Uh, yeah."
Louie says: "A long time ago, I think."
Huey walks in next. Cut to Della's face who's widened her eyes.
Della says: "Oh..."
Della says: "right."
Della says: "Of course, guess it's a little baby-ish."
Huey says: "You're NEVER too old for a fairytale!"
Della says: "No, Rebel- I mean, Louie is right."
Della says: "You're all grown-up right now."
Della says: "You're ready for a real-life grown-up story."
Della says: "Starring yours truly!"
Huey says: "Yeah!"
Louie says: "Yeah!"
Dewey simply burps before Louie sits on the bed on his frontal between Dewey and Huey. Della takes out a chair and sits on it in reverse.
Della says: "The place: El Dorado, The time: When I was your age."
Della says: "The legend: The horror known as the Gilded Man."
Della says: "Well, goodnight!"
Della leaves tossing the toy's head to her sons.
Huey says: "Maybe we should leave the lights on."
Huey says: "You know, just in case."
Dewey kicks the toy's head off the bed says: "a dart gun, Louie: a baseball bat, and Huey: a flashlight and a Swiss army knife) until morning."
the triplets suddenly get scared as their eyes widen in fear when they hear a ghastly shriek; thinking it's the Gilded Man from their mother's story. Cut to the triplets later at night with their eyes still widened says: "a dart gun, Louie: a baseball bat, and Huey: a flashlight and a Swiss army knife) until morning."
arming themselves with different things (Dewey says: "a dart gun, Louie: a baseball bat, and Huey: a flashlight and a Swiss army knife) until morning."
Cut to Della's hand shown sounding off a horn. Then, cut to the triplets waking up in shock and surprise from the loud noise it omits and falling on the ground. They get up to find their mother having cut her hair shorter and changed her clothes; replacing her old torn-out ones.
Della says: "Good morning, my sleepy sunshines!"
Cut to Della's hand shown sounding off the horn again. Then, cut to Della fully seen on the staircase, still using her horn as her boys join her until she stops.
Della says: "Can you believe Scrooge didn't want me to have these?"
Huey says: "What?"
Della says: "I know, right?"
Della says: "Thankfully, I hid a whole case in my old secret stash, customized them just for you."
The scene cuts to Della's hand shown carrying another horn with words says: ""Mom's Return Celebration Horn" written on it along with a Duck Horn next to it."
The scene cuts to Della's hand shown carrying another horn with words says: "Then, cut to Della seen throwing the horn to her boys for them to catch."
Della says: "Heads up!"
Dewey catches one horn, Huey hits another horn heading his way, which hits Louie's face, and another horn lands on Louie's head.
Della says: "First order of business, shredding the gnar, because a good mom knows how to spice up the ordinary."
Dewey uses his horn pointed directly at Huey's ear, which surprises him and annoys Louie at the same time.
Della says: "Observe."
Della says: "Woo-oo!"
Soon enough, Della rides the shield on the stair railing like a skateboard, then along the rug.
Dewey says: "She is the best person alive!"
Della walks back up with the shield says: "Della: So, who wants to go first?"
Dewey wants to try it out while jumping up and down excitedly, but his stomach gurgles and is about regurgitate again.
Della says: "Huey has a hat, and the hue is red."
Huey says: "Junior Woodchuck Rule 84..."
Della says: "Safety doesn't happen by accident!"
Della makes sure Huey's helmet is secure. Cut to Huey on the railing trying to balance himself on the shield. Della is giving him instructions.
Huey says: "So, the first jump is at a 20 degree angle, then you kick flip..."
Huey's POV shows Della trying to give him the instructions over his loud ringing but her speech is garbled. Dewey gives him two thumbs-up while Louie waves at him. Huey stares at the bottom.
Della says: "If you do that last part exactly right, you won't die."
Della says: "Ready?"
Huey says: "Uh-huh..."
Louie says: "Oh, this oughta be rich."
Louie pulls out his phone, and Huey almost pulls Della's stunt, but slides off course and begins chasing Louie yelling in a panic.
Louie says: "Ah, don't make me run!"
Huey and Louie ride the shield and Della cheers, but they fly off when the shield hits the carpet. The shield ricochets off the chandelier, then a bowl of apples and gems and a blank portrait, then nearly hits Beakley in the living room who catches it. Beakley grunts with a suspicious and annoyed stare.
Della says: "You did great and I bet you'll scream way less next time."
A displeased Beakley comes in and shows the shield Huey and Della were riding on earlier.
Mrs. Beakley says: "Whose is this?"
Della says: "Oh..."
Della says: "well, that's my..."
Dewey says: "Son's shield."
Huey says: "SONS' shield!"
Huey says: "Plural possessive because it's all of ours!"
Huey says: "We three share the blame!"
Della's party looks to Louie. Huey nudges Louie on his arm to speak out as well in their mother's defense.
Louie says: "Triplets, am I right?"
The chandelier drops hard to the ground says: "Della: Here, Mrs."
jump-startling Della's side. Huey jumps into Louie's arms says: "Della: Here, Mrs."
then off again. Beakley sighs says: "Della: Here, Mrs."
moves to pick the broken chandelier up says: "Della: Here, Mrs."
The chandelier drops hard to the ground says: "B, let us help you."
jump-startling Della's side. Huey jumps into Louie's arms says: "B, let us help you."
then off again. Beakley sighs says: "B, let us help you."
moves to pick the broken chandelier up says: "B, let us help you."
Dewey says: "I'll go get the broom."
Dewey says: "And the bucket."
Della tries to help lift the chandelier, but the housekeeper lifts it onto her right shoulder with no effort.
Mrs. Beakley says: "Boys, to your rooms."
Mrs. Beakley says: "I'll handle this."
Mrs. Beakley says: "After all I'm used to cleaning up after children, dear."
Della and Beakley leave in different directions as Della holds her left hand on her right arm again in shame and embarrassment. Cut to the swimming pool where Donald's houseboat is still stationed even in his absence. Della walks to the houseboat. Inside, there are portraits on Donald's wall, such as one of Huey with his book, Dewey's arms spread out, and Louie drinking his pep drink. Della puts a hand on a picture of Donald resting on the three yet to be hatched eggs. Della next looks at a picture of Donald keeping his nephews warm during a long winter with a "Blizzard Tonight" newspaper. Della then glances at Donald's copy of the picture of herself, Donald, Scrooge, and the eggs. Della sets her slightly poor drawing of the triplets on the picture.
Della says: "You did a great job, Donald."
Della says: "You earned that vacation."
Cut to space, the out of control Spear of Selene spins wildly while Donald is in the cockpit quack-screaming with tears spraying out of his eyes, and then, for the second time, the rocket crashes onto the Moon.
Della says: "Who is this?!"
Della says: "!"
Launchpad says: "Hey!"
Launchpad says: "Thought I'd come over to introduce myself, I'm Launchpad, I'm a pilot."
Della says: "Nothing can stop Della Duck!"
Launchpad says: "Nice to meet you!"
Cut to the mansion. Della marches angrily to confront Scrooge until she hears Mrs. Beakley's voice in the dining room and turns to eavesdrop on the conversation.
Mrs. Beakley says: "I'm sorry, Mr."
Mrs. Beakley says: "McDuck, but I think Della is struggling to adjust to this new life."
Scrooge says: "Come now, Beakley, she's only just arrived."
Dewey says: "So, she's not the best with cooking or age-appropriate stories or child endangerment, but nobody's perfect."
Huey says: "Right, Louie?"
Dewey says: "Right?"
Louie says: "Well..."
Della and the other kids including Webby gasp in shock when they notice that Louie has different thoughts about his own mother.
Louie says: "Hey look, don't get me wrong!"
Louie says: "Of course I'm happy to have mom back..."
Dewey says: "But?"
Louie says: "But, I don't know..."
Louie says: "."
Louie says: "It's probably my fault."
Louie says: "I've gotten so long without a mom, I guess I don't really know how to have one, I..."
Scrooge says: "That's because she's not a mom."
Having heard this painful statement from Scrooge, Della becomes even more shocked, heartbroken, and depressed as she runs away while crying and putting her left arm against her tearful eyes. Then, cut back to Scrooge in the dining room.
Scrooge says: "Not yet anyway."
Scrooge says: "She's been gone for so long, you've got to give her time to figure out who she is and how she fits into this family."
Cut to Della, depressed, enters the garage until she reaches the infamous but deactivated Gilded Man she fought years ago.
Della says: "I was gone for a decade and everyone was fine."
Della says: "I'm home for ten hours and now, my kids are all sick, injured, and terrified."
Della says: "I miss fighting monsters."
Della says: "You guys make it easy to know what to do..."
Della says: "I fought you, Gilded Man and Moon mites and the abyss of space and every last odd to get back to my kids and..."
Della says: "I'm blowing it..."
Della says: "Who do I have to fight to be a part of this family?!"
Della says: "!"
With one kick out of anger on the Gilded Man, the android suddenly reactivates and prepares to fight as it seeks revenge on Della and her family for its defeat years ago while roaring at Della.
Della says: "Aw phooey."
The Gilded Man gets closer as Della backs away from it.
Della says: "Hey, listen, so, I know you're all about seeking revenge against the entire family of the person who destroyed you, but any chance you'd seek a truce instead?"
The Gilded Man smashes a crate, then, grabs a hat/coat hanger and throws it towards Della, but Della dodges it just in time.
Della says: "Fine, you want a fight?"
Della says: "You got one!"
Della grabs an umbrella with a bird-effigy at the end and runs through the Gilded Man's wild punches. She then thrusts the umbrella into the android's leg and steps back with a laugh.
Della says: "Oh, this is it!"
Della says: "I'm good at this!"
Della says: "I'll beat you, save the family, and prove my worth!"
Della says: "NOTHING CAN STOP DELLA DUCK!"
Scrooge says: "I really need to start lockin' this door."
The Gilded Man gets the umbrella out and crushes it with its foot. Cut to a determined Della with Scrooge.
Della says: "Don't worry, Uncle Scrooge!"
Della says: "I've got everything under control!"
Della says: "Ah!"
Della dodges another swipe from the golden android and it crawls after her yet again. Della checks a treasure for possible weapons. All she finds are just useless books.
Della says: "What's with all the old junk?!"
Della says: "!"
Della says: "Where's the Daeus Excalibur, or the Ferryman's Flame, or..."
Della says: "?"
Scrooge says: "We kinda, sorta used that stuff already."
Della groans and tries again to dig for weapons while the Gilded Man gets closer to her until Scrooge gets its attention.
Scrooge says: "Come on,  you golden-geared gargantuan!"
The Gilded Man simply takes the cane and snaps it like a twig. It then takes a wooden Greek-style boat while Della opens a cardboard box to check for weapons. She moves a garden hose aside and knocks over a pickax, sending a bouncing ball towards a crossbow. It fires its arrow and ricochets off a knight armor's head gear, then a hanging light, then loosens a Pteranodon skeleton that crashes down onto a car and sets off its alarm. The Gilded Man prepares to swing its boat weapon when the alarms makes it screech violently in pain. The boat falls to the ground and Scrooge scurries Della to a hiding spot behind a smiling sun emblem. Della peeks to see the android's pained condition, then goes back to Scrooge.
Della says: "Okay, here's the plan: I'll stall him, you go get the kids so they can see me save them from this monster and prove I'm a good mom!"
Scrooge says: "What idiot said you weren't a good mom?"
Della says: "You, like  five minutes ago."
Scrooge says: "Oh..."
Scrooge says: "Lass, you've only been here for a day."
Scrooge says: "You cannae force a relationship with your kids just through monster fighting!"
Della says: "You're right."
Della says: "We should probably go treasure hunting too."
The Gilded Man moves the emblem, forcing Scrooge and Della to flee out of the garage to the yards. The outer garage door is broken off and the android comes out. It starts to stand straight while its gears make its crystal core glow brightly. Its torso and arms are extended and the Gilded Man continues chasing the old generation who had bested it years ago.
Cut to the dining hall, a water glass shakes slightly and from the winder, the Gilded Man marches by menacingly. The kids and Beakley gasp in horror while Dewey groans still from the dessert earlier and walks away as he is about to regurgitate again.
Cut to the outer yard, Scrooge and Della run while the Gilded Man continues chasing them. Beakley and kids also come out shocked.
Huey says: "Our nightmares are real!"
The Gilded Man chases Della and Scrooge through the gardens of the manor. It then reaches a sword embedded in a stone pedestal resembling the Sword in the Stone. Scrooge and Della turn waiting for the inevitable, but the robot cannot exactly free the sword.
Beakley says: "Oh, no."
The Gilded Man swings the pedestal at Beakley, sending her rolling along the ground until she is unconscious then, turns back to Scrooge and Della. The kids rush to Beakley's side.
Webby says: "Granny!"
Webby says: "You just knocked out the wrong old lady!"
The Gilded Man tries to strike Della and Scrooge with the sword in its pedestal but misses. The robot tries again until Webby uses her grappling hook to snatch the sword away from it after tying one end of the rope to a statue. Then, Webby proceeds to attack the robot as the triplets approach the scene.
Dewey says: "Mom?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Della says: "Hi kids!"
Della says: "I'm saving you!"
Scrooge fails to stop Della as she runs straight towards the Gilded Man and climbs on it from behind.
Della says: "Time to take this robotic recluse down from the inside: Having reached the top of the Gilded Man on its left shoulder, Della jumps inside to defeat it from the inside like she did last time when she was younger, but ends up stuck instead."
Della says: "Aw, come on!"
Della says: "Why isn't this working?"
Della says: "it worked before."
Scrooge says: "That was ages ago!"
Scrooge says: "You've grown, thing's are different now!"
The Gilded Man attempts to stomp on Scrooge and punch him, but then, it grabs Scrooge and Webby, trying in vain to pull the sword from the stone. The android then squeezes them tightly; making the two gasp for air and their bones about to be crushed. Luckily, Dewey activates his air horn, forcing the android to release Scrooge and Webby and cover its ears in pain. Della discovers its weakness. Dewey stops momentarily.
Dewey says: "Hey, it worked!"
The Gilded Man then turns its attention to the triplets, which forces them to run away screaming in horror.
Della says: "It hates noise!"
Louie says: "I got a really loud idea."
Louie says: "Huey, get some tape!"
Each triplet runs off in multiple directions, confusing the giant robot. Huey reaches Donald's tool box on his houseboat and gets some duct tape. He throws the tape to Louie who sets the three air horns and tapes them together. He throws the connected horns to Dewey just as the Gilded Man closes in.
Dewey says: "Mom, catch!"
Dewey throws the horns to Della who sets them inside. The Gilded Man shakes and with a determined look, Della sets her prosthetic leg on the horns, causing a loud sound to ring out. The Gilded Man cries in agony while its gears break loose and its crystal core ruptures. The android moves back and stands straight, covering its ears as its left eye is about to shatter. Broken machinery drops onto Della's prosthetic leg. Scrooge and Webby watch in shock while the robot's right arm falls off and tries to walk.
Della says: "Louie!"
Della says: "Look out!"
Della struggles to get out, but her prosthetic foot is still stuck from the falling robot gear debris, so, she disables her prosthetic leg from her amputated leg and jumps out and down to save Louie just in time before getting crushed to death by the falling Gilded Man as they roll away. Though safe, the Gilded Man attempts one last strike to crush both Della and Louie with its only left arm and it supposedly gets them as smoke appears from the crash. Scrooge and the other kids are shocked after witnessing this possible horrifying event. The Gilded Man powers down quite dead. After the smoke clears out, Della and Louie are revealed to have survived. Louie looks at his mother with tears coming out of his eyes as she tearfully smiles at him. Touched by his mother's brave effort and sacrificial attempt to save him from certain death, Louie gratefully hugs her.
Louie says: "Thanks, Mom."
Touched by her son's gratitude and approval, Della hugs Louie back. Glad to see that everyone's okay, Huey and Dewey run to check on their mother as Louie helps her out of the debris.
Della says: "Hey, guys."
Huey and Dewey hug their mother. Cut to Webby helping her granny up then, Scrooge approaches the group and picks up Della's prosthetic leg. Della ruffles Dewey's hair until Webby and Beakley enter the scene.
Webby says: "How did you get free?!"
Webby says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Good parenting is about coping with change and adapting to unforeseen challenges."
Scrooge says: "She adapted."
Scrooge says: "One day in and you're learning already."
Scrooge gives Della her prosthetic leg back and she puts it back on herself while adjusting to it properly again and turns to her kids.
Della says: "Huey, Dewey, Louie, I know you're not used to having a mom and I am not used to being one, but I'll figure it out as we go along in time."
Louie says: "We all will."
Della hugs her kids again and stands straight to addresss the whole group.
Della says: "So, what do you guys want to do?"
Huey says: "Go find a treasure!"
Webby says: "Discover a hidden temple!"
Dewey says: "Anything, everything!"
Della says: "Well, let's get started!"
Everyone cheers then, Della chuckles.
Della says: "Man, Donald sure is missing out on some quality family bonding."
Cut to the Moon. Donald slightly rises quack-screaming while clutching his throat since he is losing oxygen fast. The situation has obviously not fared better for him. He frantically digs his hands clearing some debris and finds Gyro's Oxy-Chew like Della before him. He takes the packet and downs a lot of black licorice gum and chews on it. With his cheek bulging, he exhales; having gained some oxygen. But then, Donald finds himself staring down two laser pistols and raises his hands in surrender innocently.
Donald says: "I come in peace?"
Two aliens, Gibbous and Zenith hold him at laserpoint momentarily.
Gibbous says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Zenith says: "I literally have no idea what he said."
Suddenly, from a distance, a shot of another alien's foot appears before them. It is revealed to be General Lunaris.
General Lunaris says: "Seize him."
The episode ends with a shot of General Lunaris, Gibbous, and Zenith surrounding Donald as the camera zooms away.