The episode opens to a shot of McDuck Manor outside. Cut to inside the foyer as Huey marches inside with Donald carrying camera equipment.
Huey says: "Matching outfits, check."
Huey says: "Professional photographer, hired."
Huey says: "A million dollar smile..."
Huey says: "Big check!"
Huey says: "Nothing's gonna keep us from taking our best family portrait ever."
Dewey drops in, dancing up to Huey.
Dewey says: "Oh, Huuuuubeeeeerrt!"
Dewey says: "Guess who's got big plans for this year's family portrait?"
Huey says: "Nope."
Dewey says: "That bear was pretty cool once you got to know him."
Huey says: "Everything's has to be perfect, so..."
Huey says: "no shenanigans this time."
Dewey says: "I'll try."
Dewey says: "But I've shenani-once, I'll shenan-again."
Dewey says: "Zing, double-entendre."
Scrooge, Louie, and Della walks in.
Scrooge says: "For the last time, you cannot charge people money to watch Della jump off the roof."
Della says: "But I used to jump off the roof all the time on the moon."
Scrooge says: "Where there was no gravity!"
Louie says: "The more dangerous it is, the more money we can charge."
Scrooge tries to explain it, but then to starts to have second thoughts. Audience laughs.
Scrooge says: "Hmmm..."
Scrooge says: "Still no."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "Is your office ready for the family picture?"
Huey says: "We've got about..."
Huey says: "30 minutes."
Della says: "Of course it is."
Della says: "You asked him to do it weeks ago."
Della says: "He would never break a promise to his family."
Scrooge says: "Exactly."
Scrooge says: "Now if you'll excuse us, we have to do something entirely unrelated."
Scrooge uses his cane to pull Louie and Della as they leave awkwardly. Audience laughs.
Louie says: "Oh boy."
Louie says: "So, are we backing out awkwardly to pull a scheme?"
Mrs. Beakley and Webby drops in. Crowd cheers.
Huey says: "Ready for the photo, Mrs."
Huey says: "B?"
Beakley says: "I'm ready for anything."
Beakley says: "There's been troubling reports of a dangerous criminal agent breaking into houses in the area."
Beakley says: "Keep an eye out."
Webby says: "Good thing we have our own professional spy in the house."
Beakley says: "Webby, I'm not a spy."
Donald tries to get a hold of camera equipment, as Mrs. Beakley catches a bulb with her leg.
Beakley says: "I'm not a spy!"
Mrs. Beakley tosses the bulb to the camera equipment as both Mrs. Beakley and Webby leave.
Huey says: "Um, Uncle Donald?"
Huey says: "Does something feel..."
Huey says: "I don't know, off?"
Donald says: "Ahem."
Donald says: "to me."
Audience cheers as Huey is about to question what he just heard.
Intro plays.
There is an opening sequence with the triplets and Webby dancing, then Scrooge, Beakley, Della and Donald jump behind them. Huey reads his JW Guidebook while Louie fiddles with his Pep can, then Dewey slides in, making his older brother drop his book and the pep spill over. Webby and Beakley pop their heads from different angles, then stand side-by-side. For Donald, his name drops on his foot and he complains while holding his foot in pain before he looks towards the screen, shakes off his anger and grins. Scrooge looks through money and makes it fly up into the air. A rock band waits while Launchpad walks in playing a saxophone then crashes into a wall. Della is surprised by her name then gives sweet reactions. The family poses for a photo while the title for "Quack Pack" appears above them.
Cut to an outside shot of McDuck Manor.
Announcer says: ""Quack Pack!"
Announcer says: "" was taped in front of a live studio audience."
Cut to the foyer.
Donald says: "What's wrong?"
Huey says: "You just sound..."
Huey says: "different."
Donald says: "Scratchy throat?"
Donald says: "I, uhh..."
Huey says: "Oh right."
Huey says: "Sure."
Huey says: "Don't worry, it'll be perfect."
Huey says: "Let's go check in the office and you'll feel much better once the photographer arrives."
Huey says: "He's the best."
Huey says: "A true artisté."
Huey says: "That's French for artist."
Donald feels relieved.
Huey says: "Webby, can you keep an eye out for the photographer?"
Webby says: "Oh yeah."
Doorbell rings. Webby answers the door.
Knox says: "Knox Quackington."
Knox says: "Photographer, artisté extraordinaré."
Knox says: "I'm an observer of life."
Knox says: "I travel the globe, uncovering mankind’s deepest secrets."
Webby says: "He’s a spy..."
Knox says: "I'm sorry?"
Webby says: "You will be."
Webby says: "I mean..."
Webby says: "we'll be happy to be your subjects."
Webby says: "Hehehe, this way."
Knox says: "No, no, no, no, no, no."
Knox says: "It's much too dark in-  You're so strong, yet so small!"
Webby does a little dance before grappling to the next scene. Meanwhile, Della walks into the office with Scrooge and Louie.
Della says: "Alright, Uncle Scrooge."
Della says: "How much of the study have you actually fixed?"
The three of them look at the office and the horrible shape it's in.
Della says: "Oh."
Della says: "That's not so bad."
A large pipe falls.
Della says: "How could you let it get like this?"
Scrooge says: "The first repairman wanted too much to fix it."
Scrooge says: "And the more I waited, the worse it got."
Louie says: "Oh my gosh, you lied."
Louie says: "What a terrible example!"
Louie says: "All my future lies are now legally your fault."
Scrooge says: "Grab a hammer, kids."
Scrooge says: "We've got 20 minutes."
Louie says: "Why don't you just hire somebody?"
Scrooge says: "Time is money, lad."
Scrooge says: "And I'd rather spend time because it's not money."
Della says: "Louie, keep an eye on the door."
Della says: "Let us know when Huey and Donald are coming."
Just as she says that, Huey and Donald enter the room and see the mess.
Huey says: "Wait, what?!"
Donald says: "Wait, what?!"
Huey says: "!"
Donald says: "!"
Louie says: "They're coming."
Donald says: "Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!"
Huey says: "How am I supposed to fix this before the photo?"
Della says: "Calm down, guys."
Della says: "We can pick another room."
Donald says: "Nonononono."
Donald says: "This office has the best light to capture the glint of the buttons on the outfits."
Louie says: "Oh, right!"
Louie says: "Rebuilding an entire room is much easier than recapturing button glint."
Louie says: "What was I thinkiiiiing?"
Dewey arrives to the room with a different outfit.
Donald is about to flip out.
Dewey says: "Easy, Uncle D!"
Dewey says: "You know what you need?"
Dewey says: "A nice, relaxing, scalp-massaging haircut for the portrait."
Dewey says: "You're in Dewey's hands now."
Dewey and Donald leaves the room.
Huey says: "Aaaall right, people, we're in full crisis mode!"
Huey says: "According to the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook..."
Della says: "Maybe you ran it through the wash?"
Della says: "Back on the Moon we have an old saying: Always checks your pockets!"
Huey says: "Stop laughing!"
Louie says: "I didn't laugh."
Huey says: "What's going on here?"
Huey says: "I would never let anything happen to my JWG!"
Huey says: "And where is that laughter coming from?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey runs out of the room as the audience laughs. Scrooge, Louie, and Della shrugs.
Dewey dances as the scene transitions to the next one.
Dewey is shampooing Donald's hair in the kitchen.
Dewey says: "Breathe."
Dewey says: "Relax."
Dewey says: "Let your professional hairstylist work his magic."
Donald says: "Ah, wow."
Donald says: "It is so nice to finally have my own hairstylist..."
Donald says: "."
Donald says: "wait, since when are you a hairstylist?"
Dewey says: "Since the internet."
Huey arrives to the kitchen.
Huey says: "Guys!"
Huey says: "Something really weird is going on here-  What is that sound?!"
Huey says: "!"
Dewey says: "The sound of jaws hitting the floor when I reveal my new Dew-do, SHABLOOIE!"
Dewey takes his hat off to reveal his new hairstyle.
Donald says: "WHAT DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR?!"
Donald says: "!"
Dewey says: "The same as I did to yours!"
Donald says: "WHAT?!"
Donald says: "!"
Huey says: "Aren’t you guys hearing that?"
Huey says: "Hello?"
Huey says: "WHAT IS HAPPENIIIIIIING?!"
Huey says: "!"
Cut to a traffic jam. Music starts playing. A man is moving a sofa over the road, but he is not going good. The cars can't move because it's blocked by the sofa. Suddenly, a can of Pep appears. The man opens the can and drinks the Pep. A cube of ice falls into a glass of Pep, spilling the Pep. Pep bursts out of glasses everywhere, then forms a wave heading towards the man. He jumps on the sofa and uses it as a float, then drinks his can of Pep. He winks at the camera as the voice-over says "Put some pep in your step!".
Cut to a TV indent of Dewey holding a remote. When he presses a button, a logo appears. It's shaped like a genie lamp with "BaBa NETWORK" written on it.
Announcer says: "And now, back to Quack Pack!"
Cut to Huey, Dewey, and Donald back in the kitchen. Audience laughs.
Huey says: "WHAT IS GOING ON?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "Everything went black, then someone drank a Pep, and WHAT IS QUACK PACK?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "Something weird is going on here, but I can't put a finger on it..."
Donald says: "Hehe, you seem stressed!"
Donald says: "Look, did I put to much pressure about this photo shoot?"
No! I'm stressed because the veil of reality is disintegrating! And no one seems to notice!
Dewey opens the refrigerator and takes a can of Pep.
Dewey says: "Sounds like someone needs some PEP in his step."
Donald says: "Why don't you get some rest?"
Donald says: "I'll handle the photo duties from here."
Huey says: "Aaargh!"
Huey leaves the kitchen angrily. Dewey looks annoyed while Donald looks worried.
Louie takes a picture with his phone, does a spin, swipes out hearts, then transitions to the next scene.
Webby and Knox are in the garage. Knox is tied up to a chair.
Webby says: "Snooping around, seemingly everywhere at once, pulling all the strings."
Webby says: "I know who you really are..."
Knox says: "It's not what you think."
Webby says: "Put a cork in it,  SPY!"
Knox says: "Phew."
Knox says: "I mean..."
Knox says: "."
Knox says: "spy?"
Knox says: "No, I am just a whimsically eccentric photographer."
Webby says: "Oh, really?"
Webby says: "I am going to get my grandma."
Webby says: "And she's not very nice, even though she's the world's."
Webby says: "Best."
Webby says: "Grandma..."
Knox says: "I really don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about."
Webby says: "Launchpad?"
Launchpad rolls out from under a car he was fixing.
Launchpad says: "Yo!"
Webby says: "Keep an eye on him."
Webby says: "He's a secret agent."
Launchpad says: "Whoa!"
Launchpad says: "An agent?"
Scene flip-transitions to Launchpad and Knox still in the garage, but now with The Crash Happies members. Launchpad is holding a saxophone. Audience laughs.
Drummer says: "This guy's really an agent?"
Launchpad says: "Yes, but it's a secret, so we have to play reaaaally quiet."
Launchpad says: "Two, three, four."
Cut to Scrooge, Della and Louie in the study Scrooge is trying to fix the room by nailing two planks onto the wall, but it caused a long crack on the wall. The audience laughs. Another pipe falls, which almost hit Louie, and the audience laughs again.
Huey barges into the room.
Huey says: "Guys!"
Huey says: "Something is very wrong!"
Della, Louie and Scrooge trying to hide the damage on the room.
Scrooge says: "Nothing is wrong here!"
Louie says: "Everything’s fine!"
Della says: "A third thing!"
Huey says: "I'm talking about how we're trapped in a mystical prison that's constantly laughing at us?"
Huey says: "What are you talking about?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "There is it again!"
Huey says: "A snipe pops out on the bottom right corner on the screen."
Huey says: "It's an ad for the show Ottoman Empire."
Huey says: "It comes with a picture of the Empire brothers."
Huey says: "The ad says "NEW EPISODE TONIGHT!"
Louie says: "What little guys?"
Louie says: "You're talking crazy, Huey."
Huey says: "Wait, is that Randy and Johnny?"
Huey says: "Is this..."
Huey says: "an ad?"
Louie says: "Wow, I figured if anyone would crack it, it’d be Dewey."
Della says: "Take it easy, honey."
Della says: "Back on the Moon, I used to snap too."
Della says: "Of course that was from soul-crushing loneliness."
Huey says: "Okay, I'll prove it."
Huey says: "In all this time fixing the room, have you noticed it only have three walls?"
Scrooge says: "Oh, don’t be daft, lad."
Scrooge says: "Of course there's a fourth wall!"
Huey says: "Ohhh, really?"
Huey says: "Have you actually looked at it?"
Della, Scrooge, Louie and Huey slowly looks at where the fourth wall should be, only to see a lot of people surrounding them with some set lights in a studio.
Della says: "Okay, that is a little weird."
Scrooge open the door, but it opens to a wall of bricks.
Scrooge says: "Aaah!"
Scrooge says: "We're trapped!"
Scrooge says: "How are we supposed to get out of here?"
Louie says: "How does anything happening on a TV show?"
Huey says: "We need some wacky hi-jinks."
Della says: "On it!"
All of them starts breaking through the floor. Huey with a hammer, Della a sickle, Scrooge a saw, and Louie just stomps on it.
Huey's body dances on its own as the scene transitions.
Huey says: "HOOOW DID I GET HERE?"
Huey says: "WHYYY AM I DANCING?"
The next scene opens with Donald shaving his head bald, then he looks at the camera. The audience laughs. He looks in a mirror to see that he overdid it.
Donald says: "Aww, phooey."
Webby walks in and opens one of the kitchen cabinet drawer looking for something.
Donald says: "Webby, have you seen the photographer?"
Webby says: "Nope."
Webby says: "Have you seen the meat tenderizer?"
Donald says: "Great."
Donald says: "What else could go wrong?"
Goofy says: "Hiya, neighbor!"
The audience cheers. Goofy laughs as he took a step, but he trips over the kitchen island and lands on the floor. He stands back up.
Donald says: "Hi, Goofy."
Donald sighs. He goes to the table and and let his head on it. Goofy follows him.
Goofy says: "What's the matter?"
Donald says: "We're taking this big family portrait, but I can't find the photographer!"
Goofy says: "Gawrsh!"
Goofy says: "I wish I can help, but I gotta get back to work at the photography studio."
Donald says: "Wait, Goofy, you can help!"
Goofy shows no reaction. The audience laughs.
Donald says: "..."
Donald says: "Because, I need a photographer."
The audience laughs again as Goofy just stares at Donald.
Goofy says: "Oh!"
Goofy says: "Of course!"
Goofy says: "I'll head down to the studio, and see if one of my fellow photographers can help ya!"
Goofy says: "Goofy leaves the kitchen."
Goofy says: "Donald stares at the door while the audience laughs, then Goofy comes back."
Goofy says: "Say!"
Goofy says: "I'm a photographer!"
Goofy says: "Why don't I help you instead!"
Donald facepalms.
Scene cuts to Launchpad and The Crash Happies playing music quietly for Knox. Launchpad is playing the saxophone badly and very close to Knox. Knox is not enjoying it. The audience cheers as they finished playing.
Launchpad says: "Thank you, thank you."
Launchpad says: "And now for our next..."
Della, Huey, Louie and Scrooge falls through the floor. Mrs. Beakley, Webby and Dewey rushes to the garage.
Beakley says: "What in the blazes?"
Webby says: "What did you do?"
Scrooge, Della, Louie and Huey stand up. Donald and Goofy walks in.
Donald says: "Oh no, The office!"
Donald says: "The outfits!"
Donald says: "The glint on the buttons!"
Donald says: "The photo is ruined."
Della says: "Forget the photo, we're trapped in a TV show!"
Launchpad says: "First we get an audition, and now we get a TV show?"
Huey says: "Guys, this is nuts!"
Huey says: "Shouldn't we..."
Huey says: "I dunno..."
Huey says: "be on..."
Huey says: "."
Huey says: "an adventure or something?"
Donald says: "Well, getting the lid off that peanut butter was an adventure."
Scrooge says: "I think the lad is right."
Scrooge says: "We should be adventuring."
Louie says: "We need to figure out what happened before this morning."
Donald says: "Pfft, easy!"
Donald says: "Louie broke Della's favorite vase and learned an important lesson about honesty!"
Huey says: "I'm not talking about what happened in the last episode, I'm talking about how we got stuck here in the first place."
Everything becomes fuzzy. Dewey stops stroking his chin and shrieks. Everything looks clear again. Everyone screams in confusion.
Huey says: "Wait, that's it!"
Huey says: "We need a flashback!"
Huey says: "Everyone, tilt your head to the left and gently stroke your chins."
Donald says: "Okay, okay, guys, we should reaaally get to the plot- Uh, photo!"
Everyone but Donald does as Huey says. The scene becomes fuzzy again.
Huey says: "Reminisce harder!"
Huey says: "IT'S WORKING!"
Scene transitions to the family inside of a cave on top of a large statue, as they try to fend off a hoard of scorpions approaching them.
Scrooge says: "Suck on stone, ya scabrous scorpion scoundrels!"
Scrooge throws a rock on one of the scorpions, but it did nothing. They hisses and starts crawling up the statue. Huey, Webby, and Beakley are throwing rocks on the scorpions. Louie is just sitting around and looking at his phone. He looks annoyed.
Huey says: "Finch's journal said the Lost Lamp of Calibaba is here!"
Louie says: "How many lamps did this jerk have?"
Webby says: "All we have to do is beat the scorpions, survive the gauntlet, and travel for days through the desert  on foot!"
Meanwhile, Donald is sitting on the back and panicking.
Donald says: "Oooh..."
Donald says: "I wish we can just have normal family problems..."
Donald says: "."
Donald accidentally rubs on a lamp. The lamp starts to float and spin. Everyone stops to see what's happening. Purple smoke comes out of the lamp, then a genie appears from inside the smokes.
Genie says: "Ahahaha!"
Genie says: "Your wish is my command."
Genie says: "Sha-boo-ee!"
The flashback ends and the scene ripples back.
Everyone says: "Dooooonaaaaald!"
Donald says: "Aww, phooey."
Scrooge says: "Curse me kilts!"
Della says: "Back on the Moon..."
Dewey says: "That's how we Dewey it!"
Louie says: "Oh boy."
Beakley says: "I'm not a spy!"
Huey says: "Everyone, stop catch-phrasing!"
Beakley says: "Wait, is "I'm not a spy" seriously my catchphrase?"
Louie says: "Uncle Donald, you wished for this?"
Donald says: "I wished for this five times a day."
Donald says: "How was I suppose to know this time there would be a lamp under me?"
Webby says: "Wait, that genie from the flashback looked awfully familiar."
Everyone looks at Knox that is trying to escape.
Webby says: "Hey, where do you think you're going, photographer?"
Webby says: "Or should I say, spy?!"
Webby says: "!"
Webby says: "OR SHOULD I SAY, GENIE?!"
Webby says: "!"
Knox says: "Okay, okay, you got me."
Knox says: "Shabooey."
Knox burst into cloud of smoke. When the smoke clears out, it reveals the genie from the flashback.
Genie says: "The name's Gene!"
Genie says: "Nice to meetcha."
Huey says: "You're the guy from the Pep commercial!"
Launchpad says: "How many more secrets does this agent have?"
Scrooge says: "Release us from this paranormal TV prison, ya pernicious presto peddler!"
Gene says: "Oooh, sorry, I cannot do that."
Gene says: "I'm just a humble genie carrying out Donald's wish for a..."
Gene says: "."
Gene says: "perfect family."
Louie says: "This is your idea of a perfect family?"
Louie says: "How long have you been in that lamp?"
Gene says: "Ages, the long-ago year of 1990."
Della says: "Send us home right now, buddy!"
Gene says: "This is all just a wacky mix-up, which, to be fair, usually makes for good TV, am I right?"
Gene says: "Eep!"
Gene says: "Sorry, I can't help you."
Gene says: "Only the lamp's master can do that."
Gene says: "He's got two wishes left, you know?"
Everyone looks at Donald. The audience laughs.
Huey says: "You've been able to wish us out."
Huey says: "This whole time."
Donald says: "Come on, it's not so bad here, is it?"
Donald says: "Silly problems, comforting music, and everything gets resolved nicely in the end with no one getting hurt, or captured, or lost."
His words started to affect the family as they had that feeling, understanding, and experience they've been through.
Huey says: "But that's not who we are."
Huey says: "We go on adventures, travel the world, defy danger."
Huey says: "That's what makes us, us."
Donald says: "You know what?"
Donald says: "Well, maybe we should be more normal."
Donald says: "If you want out, fine."
Beakley says: "If Donald won't wish us out, how long will we be stuck in here?"
Gene says: "Well, next week, Launchpad has three dates in the same night, then Louie loses is pet snake in the house, probably at least three seasons, plus spin-offs, and I assume they'll reboot the show eventually."
Huey says: "So, forever?"
Gene says: "Yeaaahh, sorry."
Dewey says: "Aw, it's not so bad, guys."
Dewey says: "We get to stay here, where I'm a star, and everyone thinks I'm hilarious."
Dewey says: "Sha-Dew-ey, am I right?"
Huey says: "Dewey, this place is horrifying."
Huey says: "We have to find the lamp, and wish ourselves out of this nightmare."
The audience boos at them. They look into the audience. The audience step into the light, revealing that they are horrifying-looking humans. Upon seeing that, the family screams in terror. The audience starts chasing after them.
Dewey says: "Whoa, the crowds turned on us, we gotta get outta here, go-go-go!"
Gene says: "Careful!"
Gene says: "The wish won't make it easy!"
audience member says: "Ah ha ha ha ha."
audience member says: "Yah!"
Huey says: "Aah, ow, ahh."
Huey says: "What are those things?"
Huey says: "Horrible, flesh-faced monsters!"
Huey says: "Run!"
Dewey says: "I'm trying."
Dewey says: "Self-esteem too low."
Dewey says: "The disapproval."
Dewey says: "My only weakness."
Scrooge says: "What shambolic sorcery is this, Genie?"
Gene says: "I tried to tell you."
Gene says: "Donald made the wish."
Gene says: "If you try to escape, the wish will only fight to preserve itself."
Huey says: "Everyone split up, and try to find the lamp."
Launchpad's girlfriend #1.
Hi Launchpad. I'm here for our study date.
Launchpad's girlfriend #2.
If you're studying with her, when were you planning on getting a burger and shake with me?
Launchpad's girlfriend #3.
Or take our romantic hot-air balloon ride to Aruba?
Launchpad says: "Uh, geez."
Launchpad says: "You all seem real nice."
Launchpad says: "I feel really bad about the mix-up."
Beakley says: "See here, young lady."
Beakley says: "Take that personal trip yourself."
Beakley says: "Discover who you are on your own."
Della says: "Have some self respect."
Della says: "Ugh."
Webby says: "You can find a better study partner than Launchpad."
Webby says: "No offense, L."
Webby says: "P."
Webby says: "Augh!"
Dewey says: "Here, we gotta look for that lamp."
Dewey says: "Check in the couch cushions."
Louie says: "Ah!"
Louie says: "My pet snake!"
Louie says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Louie, why would you have this?"
Louie says: "This is a poorly conceived story line."
Gene says: "Everyone's a critic."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge, help!"
Johnny says: "I'm Johnny, the brains of the outfit."
Randy says: "And I'm his twin brother Randy, the handsome one."
Scrooge says: "What now?"
Huey says: "Put a little Pep in your step!"
audience members says: "Rawr!"
Donald says: "Well, sounds like they're having a good time."
Donald says: "Guess they won't be joining me for the family portrait."
Goofy says: "I suppose they're just a little mad."
Goofy says: "Whoah oof."
Donald says: "Is it too much to ask to have my family be like other families for once?"
Goofy says: "Donald, in my experience, the best photos are the ones that aren't all staged and purdy."
Goofy says: "Like this photo of me and Maxie on a roller coaster."
Goofy says: "I was terrified and almost lost my lunch."
Goofy says: "Yugh, sure it was scary."
Goofy says: "Sure I got stuck at the top of the loop-de-loop, and Max had to catch me, and swing me into a cotton candy stand, but the park gave us free admission for life, and all the cotton candy we could eat."
Goofy says: "Max and I made a memory."
Goofy says: "That's just who we are."
Donald says: "Is it so wrong to want to be normal?"
Goofy says: "I recon every family has their own normal."
Huey says: "Please tell me this is to be continued."
Donald says: "Listen gang, I what the- That's my family!"
Huey says: "Woo, yeah, Uncle Donald!"
all says: "Woo hoo!"
audience member says: "Huah!"
audience member says: "Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh..."
Donald says: "Let's get quacking!"
Goofy says: "Whoops, sorry."
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "The lamp!"
Goofy says: "Way up in the lamp?"
Goofy says: "How are you're gonna get that down?"
Goofy says: "Yow hoo hoo hoo hooey!"
Donald says: "I wish to undo my last wish."
Gene says: "Your wish is my command."
Gene says: "Shebooie!"
Huey says: "Say something funny, Dewey."
Dewey says: "Something funny, Dewey."
Huey says: "Ah ha!"
Huey says: "The sound of nobody laughing never sounded so good."
Donald says: "We're back."
Gene says: "Ha ha, Best episode ever."
Goofy says: "Garsh that's sweet."
Della says: "Wait, Goofy was really here this whole time?"
Gene says: "Of course."
Gene says: "Magic's got nothing over the power of a big name guest star."
Goofy says: "Whoah, whoah, whoah."
Gene says: "You know, you have one more wish."
Gene says: "You can have anything."
Louie says: "You wasted your last wish on having a stupid framed photo?"
Louie says: "Well, how about infinite wishes or another genie?"
Louie says: "To become a genie yourself."
Huey says: "I like it."
Donald says: "It's perfect."