The episode commences with a shot of the Sunchaser flying and twirling around as both Della and Dewey are heard cheering with joy. Camera cuts to Della flying the plane normally.
Della says: "I missed you, girl."
Della says: "The Cloudslayer flies again!"
Dewey says: "Cloudslayer?"
Dewey says: "That is way better than the Sunchaser!"
Dewey says: "Why would Huey and Louie wanna miss this?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Scrooge is seen falling after losing balance from all the twirling until he finally gets back on his feet and holds back a possible regurgitation.
Scrooge says: "I think I may have some idea."
Dewey says: "Their loss."
Dewey says: "Dewey and Della Duck on their first high-flying adventure!"
Scrooge says: "Not ad-venture; business venture."
Scrooge says: "We're headed to Boarway, home of the Von Drake Doomsday Vault."
Della says: "Ooooh!"
Dewey says: "Ooooh!"
Scrooge says: "The sterile seed depository."
Della and Dewey suddenly change their facial expressions to a bored and disappointed look.
Scrooge says: "IF we get there in one piece."
Della says: "Please, Uncle Scrooge."
Della says: "I've been flying since before Donald could walk."
Scrooge says: "Agh, fine."
Scrooge says: "You know what you're do..."
Della prepares for a rough and wild landing as both Scrooge and Dewey panic until the plane lands safely on the ground without crashing. The back of the plane opens and Scrooge, Della, and Dewey prepare to come out. Scrooge appears dazed out and a bit dizzy before regaining consciousness.
Scrooge says: "Now, all that stands between me and that contract is..."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Flintheart Glomgold!"
Zan Owlson says: "I cut his dramatic entrance budget."
Flintheart shakes his flashlight constantly until he unintentionally knocks himself to the ground after trying to tap on the flashlight to get it to work again. Zan face-palms.
Theme Song plays.
A shot of the facility is seen until it cuts to the inside where Scrooge is giving a presentation to Ludwig's children says: "Corvus, Anya, and Klara while Glomgold and Owlson wait their turn and Della and Dewey are checking out a map of the vault."
Scrooge says: "The noble seed, our hope for a better tomorrow."
Scrooge says: "Food, water, shelter, poison darts, vampire antitoxin and..."
Scrooge says: "The fabled Money Tree of Oramorus!"
Della says: "Ooooh!"
Dewey says: "Ooooh!"
Flintheart suddenly wakes up as his eyes widen in excitement.
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Money Tree?!"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "!"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Owlson, why didn't you tell me there was a Money Tree?!"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "!"
Zan Owlson says: "It was one of the several points in the presentation I prepared for you, which I'm now realizing you didn't read."
Zan Owlson says: "Great."
Scrooge says: "The Money Tree is the most venerated of vegetation."
Scrooge says: "To gaze upon even its seed is to know the true meaning of wonder."
Scrooge says: "I swear to lock them up so tight that nothing will ever touch those seeds until the end of the world!"
Over claps, Della and Dewey become upset and disappointed upon learning of Scrooge's intentions. Then, Della nudges Dewey's arm and signals him to just go out and check out the money seeds anyway before Scrooge does otherwise. Della and Dewey exit the room behind Scrooge's back while Ludwig's children applaud Scrooge on his presentation.
The shot cuts to Della and Dewey running down the halls.
Della says: "We've gotta see those Money Tree seeds before Scrooge locks them up forever!"
Dewey says: "We've gotta see those Money Tree seeds before Scrooge locks them up forever!"
Della says: "Jinx!"
Dewey says: "Jinx!"
Della says: "Double-jinx!"
Dewey says: "Double-jinx!"
Dewey runs ahead of his mother as she stops.
Della says: "My son literally running toward adventure."
Della says: "I've never been more proud of this moment."
Dewey stops to look at his mother from a distance with joy. He nods at her. Then, Della continues running as she passes ahead of her son.
Della says: "Race you to the Cloudslayer!"
Cut back to the presentation room. Scrooge turns off the projector and the curtain shuts. Glomgold takes his competitor's place on the podium as the former snaps his fingers at him. He sets up a Glomgold 7 Point Plan.
Flintheart Glomgold says: "The Doomsday Vault is the key to our future..."
Owlson says: "So far, so good."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "A future in which I make more money than McDuck, win our bet, and WIN HIS COMPANY!"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Here's where you come in."
Glomgold scribbles onto the blank side. Cut to the Von Drake children glaring blankly at Scrooge, while Owlson looks on in disbelief. Everyone turns to Glomgold's board again.
Flintheart Glomgold says: "I break into the vault,  then I'll blow up the vault to cover our tracks!"
The Von Drake children and Owlson gasp in horror then Owlson steps up to the podium.
Zan Owlson says: "we will respectfully blow your minds with how secure we'll make that vault for half the price."
Corvus says: "Uh-huh."
Anya, Klara, and Corvus smile at each other, but Glomgold stands on their bench.
Flintheart Glomgold says: "And if you don't give us the job, I'm just gonna steal the tree anyway!"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "So-o-oo..."
Cut to outside the lab. Glomgold is ejected from the lab with a shout and crashes into a snow pile near a sign reading "Von Drake Parking all others will be vaporized". Glomgold unburies himself while Owlson backs out of the lab.
Owlson says: "So sorry, everyone!"
Owlson says: "Deepest apologies."
Owlson says: "I can't believe he lost us another contract..."
Owlson says: "!"
Anya says: "Congratulations, Mr."
Anya says: "McDuck!"
Anya says: "You have ze job zere!"
Glomgold shakes the snow off himself while Owlson seems angry as she approaches him.
Owlson says: "No..."
Owlson says: "more..."
Owlson says: "cockamamie ploys!"
Glomgold says: "Cockamamie ploy?"
Glomgold says: "That was clearly a maniacal scheme."
Glomgold says: "How long have you worked for me?"
Owlson says: "I don't work FOR you; I'm the only one who keeps you from ruining this company with your brainless plots!"
Glomgold says: "Schemes."
Owlson seethes, groans, and marches off. Scrooge triumphantly watches while a shield generator is in the distance.
Scrooge says: "Better luck next time, Flinty."
Scrooge says: "See you back in Duckburg."
Scrooge walks away and turns a corner but then gasps seeing the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer is absent.
Scrooge says: "Uh, where is my plane?"
Scrooge says: "And Dewey?"
Scrooge says: "And Del-  Oh, no..."
Scrooge says: "!"
Cut to the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer flying away from the Von Drake labs. Pop music is heard playing.
Dewey says: "So stand out..."
Della says: "So stand out..."
Cut to the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer cockpit, where Dewey and Della are singing and dancing. There is also a CD album case of Powerline's Stand Out.
Della says: "Nailed it!"
Dewey says: "Mom, stop."
Della says: "When I was stuck on the Moon, all I thought about was teaching you how to adventure."
Della says: "But you're already a natural at all of this."
Dewey says: "Roger dodger, as the crow flies."
Dewey says: "Co-pilot to pilot, we're a-go for, uh, um, flying, I guess?"
Della says: "Co-pilot?"
Della says: "No way."
Della says: "You're pilot material, buddy."
Della says: "Take the stick!"
Dewey says: "Me?"
Dewey says: "Fly the Sunch..."
Dewey says: ", I mean, Cloudslayer?"
Dewey says: "Scrooge won't even let me touch the toaster."
Della says: "You're my kid."
Della says: "You can do anything."
Dewey says: "You are the best mom!"
Della appears flattered by her son's opinion as Dewey takes control but is struggling to learn how to fly the plane properly until Della kindly comes to his aid.
Della says: "Now, close your eyes."
Della says: "Feel the sky."
Dewey appears to be flying properly as Della watches him and goes back to her seat to relax.
Dewey says: "I'm doing it."
Dewey says: "I'm Dewey-ing..."
Dewey suddenly loses control and both he and Della panic as the plane comes down and crashes into a cave. Inside the cave, Della climbs out and slides down through a snowy slope. Then, Dewey jumps, lands inside the snow, and rolls out; covered in snow like a snowball.
Dewey says: "I..."
Dewey says: "am..."
Dewey says: "so sorry."
Della says: "For what?!"
Della says: "!"
Della says: "That was a perfect first try!"
Della says: "To adventure!"
Della and Dewey continue walking until they reach two tunnels that lead out of the cave. The left tunnel looks straightforward and the right is steep strewn stalagmites and icicles. Della goes to the first tunnel.
Della says: "So, you wanna do this the easy way..."
Della says: "or the "fun" way?"
Dewey says: "I am offended you had to ask."
Cut to the Von Drake labs, two persons are arriving while Scrooge is walking about, speaking to someone on his cellphone.
Scrooge says: "Easy, Beakley."
Scrooge says: "Della wouldn't just steal an aircraft and set out on a whim."
Scrooge says: "What in the blazes?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Glomgold says: "Aha!"
Glomgold says: "Capture Scrooge, force him to get me to the vault, steal the Money Tree!"
Glomgold says: "Brilliant scheming, Glomgold."
Glomgold hi-fours his prisoner, but Scrooge tugs on the handcuffs.
Scrooge says: "Oh, well, seems I'm headed to the vault anyway."
Scrooge says: "Might as well take your plane."
Flintheart says: "Ooh, Owlson took my plane."
Flintheart says: "I captured you so I can take yours."
Scrooge says: "With no gear, no supplies?"
Scrooge says: "You want to march blindly without thinking?"
Scrooge says: "Uh..."
Scrooge says: "We need to prepare."
Flintheart says: "I know where I'm going!"
Glomgold spins Scrooge in a circle says: ""Caution, frozen lake."
Scrooge does the same before being pulled forward says: ""Caution, frozen lake."
bouncing off Glomgold's frontal. As they pull against the shackle on the frozen lake says: ""Caution, frozen lake."
they don't even notice a sign saying says: ""Caution, frozen lake."
Glomgold spins Scrooge in a circle says: "Brought to you by Von Drake."
Scrooge does the same before being pulled forward says: "Brought to you by Von Drake."
bouncing off Glomgold's frontal. As they pull against the shackle on the frozen lake says: "Brought to you by Von Drake."
they don't even notice a sign saying says: "Brought to you by Von Drake."
Glomgold spins Scrooge in a circle says: "" Glomgold pulls Scrooge in a circle and vice versa a few more times until Scrooge pauses."
Scrooge does the same before being pulled forward says: "" Glomgold pulls Scrooge in a circle and vice versa a few more times until Scrooge pauses."
bouncing off Glomgold's frontal. As they pull against the shackle on the frozen lake says: "" Glomgold pulls Scrooge in a circle and vice versa a few more times until Scrooge pauses."
they don't even notice a sign saying says: "" Glomgold pulls Scrooge in a circle and vice versa a few more times until Scrooge pauses."
Scrooge says: "You're on thin ice, Glomgold."
Flintheart says: "I don't have to listen to you, McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "No, you are literally on..."
The frozen lake crackles beneath Scrooge and his rival and they fall into the water. Camera pulls back while Scrooge and Glomgold come out of the other end with the latter panting, then brushes himself.
Flintheart says: "All part of the scheme!"
Flintheart falls with a panicked shout back into the frozen lake, with a displeased Scrooge following microseconds after.
Cut to the cave, Della and Dewey are whooping and laughing excitedly while sliding down the cave's steep path. Della dodges an ice fragment, then turns around.
Della says: "Money Tree seed, here we come!"
The mother-son duo dodge another ice fragment. They slide out the other end of the cave and jolt from a snowy fragment. Della and Dewey laugh while Della spins.
Dewey says: "I can't stop laughing!"
They stop laughing and gasp; getting their glimpse of the Doomsday Vault, the entrance strewn with icicles. They walk to a crevice and see part of the rock wall falling down.
Dewey says: "Pretty weird way to build a bridge."
Della gasps when she sees Dewey staring down the entrance bridge which is split in two as icicles fall. Della walks up to the damaged bridge.
Della says: "Dewey, honey, I don't think they built it with a big hole in it."
Della says: "It must have been torn apart when the ice melted and this crevice widened."
The duo walk back, then gain the momentum to leap over the broken bridge. As they land on the other side, metal creaks while the duo head inside. Suddenly, Della's metallic leg steps through a green security laser and the entrance closes, breaking icicles and making the duo gasp. Ludwig appears on a monitor.
Ludwig says: "Welcome, survivors!"
Ludwig says: "If you're here, the world has ended."
Ludwig says: "So sad."
Ludwig says: "But, congratulations on not being eaten by zombies or hyper-intelligent hairless apes or something like that."
Ludwig says: "Now, don't worry, because I, Professor Ludwig Von Drake, have prepared for every possible threat!"
An icicle drops and shatters behind the mother-son duo.
Ludwig says: "Now, then, you are gonna see a  Red, yellow, green, red, blue, blue, blue, red, purple, green, yellow, orange, red, red."
Della says: "This blows chunks!"
Dewey checks his surroundings then, spots something by the door.
Dewey says: "Hey, a vent!"
Della says: "OH, but you could!"
Della says: "Crawl through and let me in!"
Dewey says: "On it!"
Dewey says: "Miss you already!"
Dewey goes into the vent. Cut to inside the vent with Dewey crawling through.
Dewey says: "Gonna crawl through this vent, gonna make my mom proud!"
Dewey says: "Gonna earn the love I want so Deeeeew-sperately!"
Della says: "What was that, honey?"
Dewey says: "Perfect recovery, no one heard that."
Della says: "Is everything alright?"
Della says: "There may be some kind of trigger or electrical panel."
Della says: "Whatever you do, don't touch it."
Dewey pulls down part of the panel, then gears grind and the alarm blares. From Della's end, she gasps and sees the ceiling descending towards her.
Della says: "Aw, phooey."
Dewey says: "Aw, phooey."
Della says: "Okay."
Della says: "Dewey, override the security system!"
Dewey says: "Oh, no..."
Dewey says: "!"
Ludwig says: "Good luck!"
Della says: "You can do anything you put your mind to!"
Ludwig says: "Six, five, four..."
Dewey says: "Red."
Dewey says: "No!"
Ludwig says: "..."
Ludwig says: "three..."
Dewey says: "Purple, no!"
Dewey says: "Just pick a wire!"
Ludwig says: "Here comes two!"
Ludwig says: "Hope you got this figured out because here comes the one."
Della says: "No rush, honey!"
Della says: "You're doin' great!"
Ludwig says: "One quarter, one eighth."
Dewey says: "Not helping!"
Dewey grabs the wires. Just then, his sweat falls onto the wires, short-circuiting the wires out. The ceiling on Della's end raises back up.
Ludwig says: "See?"
Ludwig says: "Now that wasn't hard at all."
The monitor shuts off and electricity crackles from the wires, making Dewey back up. The shutter doors raise and Della slides under to her son.
Dewey says: "You're alive?"
Dewey says: "OH, YOU'RE ALIVE!"
Della says: "boom!"
Della says: "You pulled it out at the last second for maximum tension!"
Dewey says: "Uh-huh."
Della says: "Bacteria that will strip the very flesh from our bones."
Della says: "Let's FIND OUT!"
Dewey says: "Yeah."
Dewey says: "Let's Dewey it."
Della and Dewey run further into the vault. Cut to the outside, there are footprints in the snow and the camera moves to show Glomgold and Scrooge arriving at the entrance to the vault almost completely frozen.
Scrooge says: "It's fine, as long as they're safe."
Scrooge says: "Let's press forward."
Flintheart says: "Hang on."
Flintheart says: "I'm drying off by the fire."
Scrooge says: "Fire?"
Scrooge says: "I cannae turn my back for one second!"
Scrooge says: "We gotta move!"
Flintheart says: "Fine!"
Flintheart says: "I'll dry off quicker."
Scrooge seethes while Glomgold takes some gasoline. From outside, we hear a loud boom and the two rival ducks coughing and gasping. Cut to the elevator, Della and Dewey enter looking around. Then a railing comes up and the door closes. As the elevator moves, the mother-son duo are startled. On the elevator's monitor, it shows "Mind the gap". Then Ludwig comes in again.
Ludwig says: "Welcome to my Doomsday Seed Vault..."
Dewey says: "Cool!"
Della says: "Oh, wow!"
Ludwig says: "..."
Ludwig says: "encompassing all the entirety of plant life on this planet, including some very rare and mythological plants."
Ludwig says: "I have treated each and every little seed with my Von Drake Super-growth Formula - patent pending - so you don't starve to death while you're waiting for your crops to grow."
Ludwig says: "I wouldn't plant them within a mile of each other, for safety reasons."
Dewey and Della walk up to the claw arm and Della presses a green button bringing up "Search..." on the computer screen.
Dewey says: "So, which one of these boxes are the Money Tree seeds in?"
Della types in "Money Tree", then gets a triangle. The triangle and marker on the screen follows the number of boxes from right to left going up.
Della says: "Right..."
Della says: "..."
Della says: "there."
They head back to the claw arm and bring up a screen for the arm. Della moves the joystick.
Della says: "Boy, it's a good thing we've got this giant arm to help out."
Della says: "Sorry, kid."
Della says: "Looks like we came all this way for nothing."
Della says: "So much for our first great adventure together."
Della is surprised to see Dewey is not beside her and looks around to find her son running up the broken claw mechanism.
Dewey says: "If I don't make it, tell my brothers I was the best one!"
Della runs to the end of the platform, while with a yell, Dewey jumps to the boxes and holds on like rockclimbing.
Della says: "Yeah!"
The claw arm creaks and lurches forward; breaking a super-growth tube, sending its contents into the pit. The duo see the spilt formula then, Della turns to Dewey.
Della says: "Okay, just boulder up those lockers like a rock wall."
Della says: "Then, once you have a seed, base-jump back to the platform and..."
Della says: "Wait, is this crazy?"
Dewey says: "Crazy is my middle name!"
Della says: "Are you sure?"
Dewey says: "No, it's..."
Dewey says: "it's actually Dingus."
Della says: "No, I mean, it's pretty dangerous."
Della says: "I can do this part if you want."
Dewey says: "Mom, relax."
Dewey says: "I'm your son."
Dewey says: "I can Dewey it."
Dewey says: "I can do anything, just like you told me!"
Della says: "Of course you can, my little hero!"
The two thumbs-up one another and Dewey sees his vision is getting wobbly. He shakes his head and tries to climb but slips. Della gasps in shock, but Dewey grabs hold of a box in time. Dewey swings and gets into the right position for climbing. The mother-son duo thumbs-up one another again before Dewey climbs up to the green glowing box and chuckles.
Dewey says: "I made it!"
Della says: "Of course you did!"
Dewey grunts and peaks into the drawer. Over a golden glow, Dewey gasps while seeing the Money Tree seed up close.
Dewey says: "So beautiful."
Dewey says: "So worth it!"
Della says: "I knew you could..."
But then, the drawer suddenly bends and the seeds fall out of Dewey's reach. Della also fails to catch the seeds as they drop into the pit with the spilt growing formula.
Dewey says: "Oops."
Suddenly, the building rumbles violently making Della yell. Dewey grunts, trying to swing his feet into place, then, the Money Tree begins to grow at a fast pace starting at golden branches. The mother-son duo scream in horror.
Cut to Scrooge and Glomgold's end where the corridor is now on fire with Scrooge trying to smother the smoke with his hat.
Flintheart says: "This is all your fault, Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "You shackled us together!"
Scrooge says: "You poured gasoline on the fire with no sense of consequence!"
Scrooge says: "What was I supposed to do?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Flintheart says: "Make me..."
Flintheart says: "not do that?"
Scrooge says: "Blast!"
Scrooge says: "Frozen!"
Ludwig says: "And to preserve the seeds of humanity, I will hearby seal off the room!"
The rival ducks gasp as the shutter door that Della and Dewey made it through earlier closes back down. Scrooge spots the open hallway and tries run but Glomgold pushes him aside.
Flintheart says: "Perfect!"
Glomgold laughs manically as he runs, but the shackle makes him slip while the other shutter door closes on Glomgold's right foot, trapping him as he screams in pain. Glomgold tries to get free.
Flintheart says: "Aah!"
Flintheart says: "Save me, Scrooge!"
Scrooge says: "or any other disaster without a thought to the damage she leaves behind!"
Flintheart says: "Whoa."
Flintheart says: "You've got, like, your own whole personal thing going on there."
Scrooge turns Glomgold around, tears a part of his winter jacket off, then loosens part of the circuit box and ties the jacket piece to it. Scrooge lights it on fire and melts the ice from the sprinklers one-by-one, extinguishing the fire. The rival ducks continue walking down the corridor.
Scrooge says: "Move!"
Flintheart says: "Great."
Flintheart says: "Now I'm cold again."
Cut to the inner vault, Della sees the Money Tree sprouting a multitude of dollar bills. She turns to Dewey.
Della says: "Dewey, are you okay?"
Dewey says: "I got this, Mom!"
Dewey says: "Totally under control!"
Dewey says: "Do not worry!"
Scrooge says: "Kids!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, they were after the tree."
Scrooge says: "That makes sense."
Flintheart says: "That's MY Money Tree!"
Scrooge says: "I don't care about the stupid tree!"
Scrooge says: "My family is in danger!"
Scrooge tries to run but Glomgold holds him back.
Flintheart says: "When you abduct me, you can decide what's important!"
Glomgold drags Scrooge by the shackle while Della climbs the claw arm's mechanism to encourage her son.
Della says: "Okay, just get some momentum going, then swing yourself out onto that nearest branch."
Della says: "You can do it!"
Dewey tries to grab a branch, but gasps as the drawer is about to loosen. Della clenches her teeth while Dewey's grip is failing.
Dewey says: "Moooom!"
Dewey screams as he continues falling. Luckily, Della runs on the claw and grabs Dewey just in time to save him from falling to his death.
Della says: "I got you."
Della says: "I've always got you."
Debris begins to rain down from above while Glomgold obtains some of the growing dollar bills from the tree.
Flintheart says: "Gimme that!"
Flintheart says: "And that!"
Flintheart says: "Hey, no touching!"
The mother-son duo exchange glances while debris rains down, startling them. The ceiling breaks off and parts of it hit the claw arm, catapulting them with yells to Scrooge and Glomgold, loosening the shackle.
Scrooge says: "And you two!"
Scrooge says: "Explain what?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "That you stole my plane, put us all in danger, oh, and destroyed humanity's only hope for surviving the end of the world?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Did you ever think of how you were gonna get out of this?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Hmm?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Della says: "Simple, we jump."
Scrooge says: "Oh, no, you don't!"
Scrooge says: "No more jumping headfirst into..."
Della says: "Now!"
Glomgold gasps while the family jump off the platform. Glomgold flips over the railing and falls. While the family slides down the Money Tree branches, Glomgold yells while falling. Dewey sees how amazing his mother is, then shows a crestfallen face. The family makes their way safely to the bottom while Glomgold lands hard.
Scrooge says: "How did you..."
Scrooge says: "?"
Della says: "What?"
Della says: "You gave a whole big presentation with a map."
Della says: "I paid attention."
Della says: "When you're stuck in space for 10 years, you pay attention to exit strategies."
Glomgold raises himself and Scrooge gasps. The group heads for the door. Cut to outside on a small bridge, the door bursts outward, then the group jumps out, leaving a branch to block the doorway. Della gasps in shock when she sees Dewey laying face to the floor. She runs to Dewey as he gets up.
Della says: "Dewey!"
Dewey says: "I'm sorry, Mom."
Dewey says: "I let you down."
Dewey says: "I'm not the adventurer you hoped I'd be."
Della says: "No, honey."
Della says: "I will always believe you can do anything, but you never have to prove anything to me."
Della and Dewey hug each other. Cut to Scrooge putting his hand and tapping his fingers on a branch.
Scrooge says: "How am I gonna fix this?"
Flintheart says: "You cannae!"
Flintheart says: "You failed, McDuck!"
Flintheart says: "Now the Von Drakes are going to fire you, give me the job, and then,..."
The Money Tree grows to a massive size. Sometime later, the vault is being repaired by gold. The entrance bridge is also repaired while trucks collect some of the money and golden branches from the tree. Della is welding some gold and lifts her helmet.
Della says: "Learned a lot about welding gold on the Moon."
Scrooge says: "It's a right bonny bin."
Scrooge says: "And since the gold came from the Money Tree, you saved me millions in construction costs."
Dewey says: "And  I'm just gonna let someone else put these seeds back."
The Ducks do not notice a spy-cam drone in Glomgold's image spying on them.
Flintheart says: "But whose got all the money?"
Flintheart says: "Glomgold does!"
Flintheart says: "Prepare to lose our bet AND your company!"
Flintheart says: "Nooo!"
Flintheart says: "Curse you, gentle breeeeze!"
The ice under Glomgold suddenly breaks and Glomgold falls into the water. Then, the spy-cam drone falls in as well and electrocutes him as he screams in pain.