The Sunchaser is returning from another adventure.
Louie says: "Decorative vase?"
Louie says: "Probably three thousand..."
Louie says: "Small sack of gold coins, what's that worth, Webs, about five thou?"
Webby says: "It's historical value is immeasurable."
Louie says: "Bub-bub-bub-bub-bub-- You know that is not what I mean."
Louie says: "And I'm offended that you would try and taint this treasure hunt with learning!"
Dewey says: "You guys!"
Louie says: "Careful!"
Louie says: "Good thing you didn't get any on the treasure."
Dewey says: "Where'd I get this flatteringly colorful headpiece, you ask?"
Dewey says: "The place: Pato Pisco."
Louie says: "Ugh, if this lessens the resale value I'm going to be so mad!"
Dewey says: "Aw..."
Huey says: "We are beyond lost and..."
Huey says: "Is this compass a sticker?"
Launchpad says: "Ha-ha."
Launchpad says: "Stickers are for kids, grown-ups call them decals."
Huey says: "Then how do you navigate?"
Launchpad says: "Instincts, a keen eye, quick thinking..."
Launchpad says: "Ugh!"
The plane almost crashed a mountain. Huey screams.
Launchpad says: "And a cool head."
Dewey says: "A cool head needs a cool hat."
Dewey says: "Ooh, not unlike this bold and daring chapeau."
Dewey says: "And the story behind it is equally bold and daring."
Huey says: "Do you mind doing whatever it is you are doing later?"
Huey says: "I'm trying to get us home safe and..."
Huey says: "This radar is an ant farm?!"
Huey says: "!"
Dewey goes down the ladder and sees Scrooge talking on the phone.
Scrooge says: "Yearly polishing of the money in the bin is a necessary expenditure."
Scrooge says: "I may be filthy rich, but I'm not unsanitary."
Dewey says: "Now there's a man who knows a good hat."
Scrooge says: "I'm not putting shiny new treasure in a dirty old bin."
Dewy says: "Where did I find my new trademark hat?"
Dewy says: "The place: Pato Pisco."
Scrooge says: "Not the time, Dewey!"
Scrooge walks away, Dewey goes up to a jewel on a crate.
Dewey says: "The place: Pato Pisco!"
Dewey says: "The time: this afternoon!"
Dewey says: "There I was, face-to-face with Mt."
Dewey says: "Peligroso..."
Louie says: "Hey, feet of the merchandise!"
Dewey says: "I began to climb..."
Webby says: "Ow..."
Scrooge says: "and stay put before something else goes wrong!"
Dewey sulks on the seat. A harpoon pierces the hull next to Dewey and tears out a hole.
Don Karnage says: "This is your fearsome Pirate Captain Don Karnage, welcoming you to our friendly skies."
Don Karnage says: "Prepare to be boarded!"
Intro plays.
Scrooge says: "Stand your ground."
Scrooge says: "We will not give in to these rapacious raiders."
Louie pockets the jewel. A tuning whistle is played.
Crew says: "Yo-ho-yo!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho!"
Tis I who lead this fearsome crew says: "With dagger, swagger, derring-do: Handsome and fearsome and suave: Crew:  He's the famous pirate captain—"
Don Karnage says: "—"
Don Karnage says: "Don Karnage!"
Don Karnage says: "Ha-ha!"
Hoist the flag says: "Circle the ship and pull to flank 'er: Hi-ho, he lives to plunder: Don Karnage: It's true, I live to plunder."
weigh the anchor says: "Circle the ship and pull to flank 'er: Hi-ho, he lives to plunder: Don Karnage: It's true, I live to plunder."
Now back to me says: "A pernicious, vicious, rakish gent: A frustratingly charming blaggart: Crew:  He'll steal all of your treasure and your heart: Don Karnage: And now we dance!"
the main event says: "A pernicious, vicious, rakish gent: A frustratingly charming blaggart: Crew:  He'll steal all of your treasure and your heart: Don Karnage: And now we dance!"
Now back to me says: "Ha!"
the main event says: "Ha!"
Crew says: "He's Don Karnage!"
Don Karnage says: "That's me!"
Scrooge says: "Wait, what?"
Crew says: "It's Don Karnage!"
Don Karnage says: "Still me!"
Don Karnage says: "A-ha-ha-ha!"
Crew says: "Pilfer the loot to fill our coffers: Parrot: Been a pleasure to take it off ya!"
Dewey says: "Hey!"
Crew says: "We'll put on a show: Stinky Boot: Then steal your gold!"
Crew says: "And then to the clouds, away we go: Don Karnage: To the clouds away I go!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho!"
Silence says: "Scrooge: What the blazes was that?!"
Silence says: "!"
Launchpad says: "Bravo!"
Launchpad says: "Bravissimo!"
Everyone but Launchpad says: "LAUNCHPAD!"
The Sunchaser crashes into a forest. Everyone gets off of it.
Scrooge says: "My treasure!"
Launcpad says: "My plane!"
Dewey says: "My hat!"
Scrooge says: "I cannae believe you were distracted by a bit of hammy hoofing!"
Launchpad says: "I can't believe you weren't."
Launchpad says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-- Oh, that's gonna be in there all day."
Scrooge says: "Ugh, just that plane out of this blasted tree and follow them, NOW!"
Launchpad says: "Whoa!"
Launchpad says: "Oof!"
Launchpad attempts to start the plane, but the propellers get tangled up in vines.
Dewey says: "Fine, I'll get my hat from those blood-thirsty pirate myself."
Dewey says: "How do you like that?"
Dewey says: "I bet you don't."
Launchpad says: "We're not going anywhere."
Scrooge says: "Eeuh..."
Scrooge says: "Huey, you and Launchpad start in on those plane repairs."
Huey says: "Yes!"
Launchpad says: "Yo-ho, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McDee!"
Scrooge says: "The two of you can inventory our supplies."
Scrooge says: "Who knows how long we'll be stuck in this jungle."
Scrooge says: "And Dewey..."
Scrooge says: "Dewey?"
Huey gets splashed with blue engine fluid. Startled, he backs away and removes his cap.
Scrooge says: "Ah, Dewey!"
Scrooge says: "You be lookout while I search for any treasure those kleptomaniacal corsairs may have missed."
Dewey says: "Maybe I'll get killed by pirates, bet they'll pay attention to that story."
Dewey says: "Wait, why am I rooting for that?"
Pirate crew member says: "A two, three kick, turn..."
Pirate crew member says: "Turn, turn..."
Pirate crew member says: "Ha, I can't mess up me big entrance..."
Pirate crew member says: "Oh no, I messed up me big entrance!"
Dewey grabs the wheel of the plane as it takes off.
Dewey says: "Aaaaaaaah!"
Dewey says: "This is a bad idea!"
The plane enters the Iron Vulture. The pirates are celebrating for their performance and the treasure they stole.
Don Karnage says: "Was everyone satisfied with that performance?"
Crew says: "Yarr!"
Don Karnage says: "Even though your flybies weren't in sync, the harmonies were all off, and someone was late?!"
Don Karnage says: "!"
Crew says: "Yarr..."
Crew says: "?"
Don Karnage says: "WRONG!"
Don Karnage says: "You made me look like an amateur out there!"
Hat Pirate says: "But we got the treasure, Cap'n, ain't it what really matt'rs?"
Don Karnage says: "You're right, you can't all be so rhytmically gifted as Don Karnage."
Don Karnage says: "May I give you some "pointers" on your pirouette?"
Don Karnage throws him off the Iron Vulture.
Don Karnage says: "Anyone else want some pointers?!"
Don Karnage says: "!"
Pirate ends up with his parachute caught in a tree.
Dewey tries to grab the hat but is soon discovered.
Dewey says: "Yarr..."
Don Karnage says: "Well, well, what have we here?"
One-Eyed Linda says: "A stowaway!"
Don Karnage says: "We have a special punishment for stowaways."
Don Karnage says: "Peg Leg Meg!"
Don Karnage says: "How are those sky sharks coming?"
Peg Leg Meg says: "Not great, Cap'n."
Don Karnage says: "Does Don Karnage have to do everything himself?!"
Don Karnage says: "!"
Don Karnage says: "You two!"
Don Karnage says: "Watch him while I concoct an appropriately dramatic demise."
Don Karnage walks away, followed by Stinky Boot, One-Eyed Linda, and Two-Toed Jack. Peg Leg Meg and Ugly Mug slowly approaches Dewey.
Dewey says: "I'm no threat to you guys."
Ugly Mug says: "Wait."
Ugly Mug says: "This be your hat?"
Dewey says: ", yarr?"
Ugly Mug says: "Would you look at this, Peg Leg Meg?"
Ugly Mug says: "This hat will not be flying of your head as we sail the skies."
Peg Leg Meg's hat blows through a window another pirate just opened. She grabs the hat from Ugly Mug and puts it on.
Ugly Mug says: "Tell me where you got it!"
Dewey says: "Um, the place: Pato Pisco."
Dewey says: "The time..."
Ugly Mug says: "Go on."
Dewey says: "I was climbing Mt."
Dewey says: "Peligroso!"
Dewey says: "The wind: whipping at my face."
Dewey says: "Rocks: crashing down around me!"
Back at the Sunchaser says: "Webby: Good news!"
Back at the Sunchaser says: "If we limit our rations, we can go nine whole days before we go mad with hunger!"
Louie says: "I should tell Uncle Scrooge the pirates left this behind."
Louie's reflection says: "No, you saved it!"
Louie's reflection says: "It belongs to you now!"
Louie says: "Huh?"
Louie says: "Yeah, you're right, me."
Webby says: "I can't believe the Sapphire of Souls is gone!"
Louie says: "The..."
Louie says: "what now?"
Webby says: "Big blue gem?"
Webby says: "Priceless beyond all imagining?"
Webby says: "Reflects your innermost thoughts and desires?"
Louie says: "Yeah, but Scrooge probably won't miss one measly little piece of treasure, right?"
Webby says: "He's been searching for that gem for decades."
Webby says: "Oh, I would not want to be those pirates when Scrooge finds them!"
Louie says: "So Scrooge can't know that I have you, but if I could sneak you back with the other treasure and find you for him, he'll let me keep you."
Louie's reflection says: "Uh, I don't know, that sounds a little far-fetched..."
Louie says: "Don't you go soft on me, evil Louie!"
Louie says: "Do you hear me?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "It'll all be fine..."
Webby says: "What was that?"
Louie says: "Nothing crazy!"
Dewey says: "When I ran across a rainbow colored alpaca who told me she had been waiting decades for The Chosen One."
Dewey says: "And guess what?"
Peg Leg Meg says: "What?"
Ugly Mug says: "What?"
Dewey says: "I was The Chosen One!"
Dewey says: "Then she knit me this hat out of her wool!"
Peg Leg Meg says: "Shiver me timbers!"
Peg Leg Meg says: "What a tale!"
Dewey says: "See?"
Dewey says: "It's not just some dumb hat when you've heard the whole story, and it's mostly all true!"
Ugly Mug says: "Wish we could be the chosen ones, but here we are, stuck in the chorus..."
Dewey says: "Oh, hey, come on!"
Dewey says: "I thought your dance number was great."
Peg Leg Meg says: "Aw, thanks."
Peg Leg Meg says: "But we're really just there to back up the Captain when he provides the distraction."
Ugly Mug says: "How will anyone see my beautiful arabesque sitting in a plane?"
Dewey says: "Ooh-hoo, I love it!"
Dewey says: "You know what?"
Dewey says: "Flip that into a jazzy fouette and you'll be center of stage for sure."
Ugly Mug says: "You think?"
Ugly Mug says: "Oh, nah, the captain will never go for it."
Dewey says: "Why does that jerk Don Karnage get all the attention and not us-- I mean, uh, you guys?"
Peg Leg Meg says: "Well, because he's..."
Peg Leg Meg says: "the captain?"
Dewey says: "Well, what if he wasn't?"
The pirates draw swords and force Don Karnage toward the open hatch.
Don Karnage says: "You dare mutiny against me, Don Karnage?!"
Don Karnage says: "!"
Don Karnage says: "You are nothing without me!"
Ugly Mug takes off Don Karnage's hat, does a fouette, then pushes him off the Iron Vulture.
Don Karnage says: "You bit players haven't seen the last of Don Karnaaaaaaage!"
Don Karnage says: "child who DARED steal the crew of the rapacious rogue of the rain clouds."
Huey says: "Okay, Launchpad, try it again!"
Don Karnage observes the McDuck family fix the plane.
Don Karnage says: "A-ha-ha!"
Don Karnage says: "But they will never help the devilishly handsome pirate who stole their treasure..."
Don Karnage says: "I must call upon every skill in my repertoire."
Don Karnage says: "I must become..."
Don Karnage says: "someone else."
Scrooge says: "Eugh, those pilots were thorough..."
Scrooge says: "Not even a coin left in the seat cushions."
Voice says: "Oooooh!"
A Mysterious Man says: "Thank goodness you have found me."
Scrooge says: "Gah!"
Scrooge says: "Where'd you come from?"
Scrooge says: "Way to be a lookout, Dewey!"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "I am Dr."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "Tom Kar..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "naaaaaaage?"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "An attractive and charming plant scientist."
Huey says: "You mean a botanist?"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "You dare correct the FIERCE CAPTAIN..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "of the Plant Sciencing Committee?"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "That dashing scoundrel, Don Karnage--no relation-- stole my vital plant research."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "You must take me to his ship and get back what is MINE..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "for the good of plantology!"
Scrooge notices the lab coat-sized hole in the parachute.
Scrooge says: "Excuse us just a moment."
Scrooge says: "We all know that's Don Karnage, right?"
Launchpad says: "He seems to know a lot about plants..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "YES!"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "I will lead you to the ship so I can kill..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "lect that flower."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "Oh, look, leaves!"
Scrooge says: "just get on the plane and don't steal anything this time."
The Sunchaser gets off the ground. Cut to Dewey leading the pirates through a dance routine.
Dewey says: "Woo!"
Dewey says: "Good job everyone!"
Dewey says: "Listen, this has been great, but I should take my hat and go."
Dewey says: "Everyone would wanna hear about where I've been."
Ugly Mug says: "Or..."
Ugly Mug says: "you could have this bigger hat, Captain Dewey?"
Dewey says: "Oh, wait, what now?"
Ugly Mug says: "You've taught us to be our own pirates and stand out."
Ugly Mug says: "Now it's our turn to stand out..."
Ugly Mug says: "behind you."
Peg Leg Meg says: "So, Cap'n, who would be the first to witness the talents of the Dread Pirate Dewey?"
Dewey dons the captain hat and grins.
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "The Iron Vulture usually anchors up there..."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "one would assume."
Scrooge says: "Set the course, Launchpad."
Launchpad says: "I think they're coming to us."
Launchpad dodges the Iron Vulture. Dewey plays the tuning whistle.
Crew says: "Yo-ho-yo!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho-yo!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho, yo-ho, yo-ho!"
With shanty single our reprise says: "Cruel and vicious hearties we: Who occasionally like to get jazzy: Launchpad: Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo- So catchy."
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "Who DARES steal my big show stopper?"
The main characters says: "Dewey?!"
The main characters says: "!"
Big mateys call me Ugly Mug says: "But I prefer to go by Jitterbug: Dewey: Alright, that's enough guys!"
Thar she blows says: "My dancing skills, they just might drive you batty: Twins:  I'm just an intern for the summer: Dewey: Come on!"
I'm Hard Tack Hattie says: "My dancing skills, they just might drive you batty: Twins:  I'm just an intern for the summer: Dewey: Come on!"
Intern says: "But it feels like this song has gone one forever: Dewey: Okay, let's wrap it up."
The Iron Vulture engulfs the Sunchaser and harpoons it to the inner hanger.
Heave-ho below says: "We dearly hope that you like the show: I mean 'cuz your heart we already stole: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole: Dewey: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole!"
it's time to go says: "We dearly hope that you like the show: I mean 'cuz your heart we already stole: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole: Dewey: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole!"
Crew says: "Yo-ho!"
Dewey says: "Yo-ho!"
Dewey says: "Ah..."
Dewey says: "Was I late on the Yo-ho?"
Dewey says: "Should we take it from the top?"
Dewey says: "Okay."
Crew says: "Rrrgh..."
Dewey says: "Eeeeeeeh?"
Dewey says: "I like my hat now."
Scrooge says: "I didn't even know he was gone, did you?"
Huey says: "I thought he was on lookout!"
Louie says: "Yeah, he was definitely there when we went back to the plane, right?"
Webby says: "Yeah, I think so."
Dewey says: "You didn't even notice I was gone?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Dewey says: "That's it, I'm staying here."
Scrooge says: "You ran away, joined a pirate crew, and you are mad at us?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Dewey says: "Let them go and give them back their tainted treasure!"
Dewey says: "If they can't remember me, I don't wanna remember them!"
Ugly Mug says: "Give the treasure back?"
Louie says: "That probably won't be all the treasure, not all of it."
Louie says: "A jewel or something, you know, could have been lost forever during that dance number..."
Peg Leg Meg says: "Don't you want to ransom them or make them walk the plank or, you know, something pirate-y?"
Dewey says: "Really Peg Leg Meg?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Dewey says: "First you cut me off during the big number then you give me notes?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Peg Leg Meg says: "He sounds a lot like Don Karnage..."
Ugly Mug says: "..."
Ugly Mug says: "but with less treasure..."
Peg Leg says: "We may be singing and dancing pirates..."
Ugly Mug says: "..."
Ugly Mug says: "but we still be pirates."
Ugly Mug says: "It's into the skies with ye all!"
The pirates prepare to dump the McDuck family out the hatch.
Dewey says: "Great, now everyone pays attention to me."
Ugly Mug says: "It's into Davy Jones' Upper Cabinet with ye!"
Dewey says: "Come on, mateys!"
Dewey says: "Remember how we all hated Don Karnage?"
Dewey says: "It's good times, right?"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "--me?!"
Dr. Tom Karnage says: "!"
Ugly Mug says: "Who be you?"
Ugly Mug says: "Some sort of plant scientist?"
Don Karnage says: "It is I, The Master of Disguise in the skies, Don Karnage!"
Don Karnage says: "Ha-ha!"
Dewey says: "Uh-oh."
Don Karnage says: "The pirates of Don Karnage deserve better than this two bit bilge rat."
Peg Leg Meg says: "Aww, Cap'n."
Don Karnage says: "I only push you because I believe you can do better."
Don Karnage says: "And those that can't, I kill."
Don Karnage says: "You may be talentless backup, but you are the talentless backup of Don Karnage."
Ugly Mug says: "Bring it in, guys."
Ugly Mug says: "Bring it in."
Louie says: "Come to push us off the plank yourself, "Captain Dewey"?"
Dewey says: "Uh, so listen."
Dewey says: "Things got a little out of hand."
Scrooge says: "If we listened to your story earlier, you wouldn't have fallen in with this, lad."
Huey says: "You should really communicate your needs more clear-- I mean, we're sorry."
Dewey says: "No, I'm sorry."
Dewey says: "With so many people it's so easy to..."
Dewey says: "get lost in the shuffle!"
The kids says: "Ding!"
Don Karnage says: "Excuse me, my ship."
Don Karnage says: "Only I get the heart-felt moment of realization."
Don Karnage says: "En guarde!"
Don Karnage swings his sword, but ends up cutting the rope binding the McDuck family, and losing his sword and hat to Dewey. Dewey bats a wrench to the controls closing the hatch and turning off the main lights. The red emergency lights turn on in response.
Don Karnage says: "Cue my dramatic duel spotlight!"
Crew says: "A duel!"
Don Karnage and Dewey spar, but Dewey disappears as Don Karnage delivers a coup-de-grace.
Huey says: "Ha-ha, you salty sky dog..."
Huey says: "I'm Dewey!"
Huey says: "I fear not the likes of you-ey!"
Louie says: "I have a colorful personality, not unlike my hat, hehe."
Louie says: "Watch how I Dewey it!"
Louie says: "Dew-dew-Dew, Dewey it..."
Don Karnage says: "Stop that!"
Don Karnage says: "Come back here and die!"
Webby says: "I'm sweet and sensitive and full of secrets, and, uh, something about Mt."
Webby says: "Peligroso..."
Dewey says: "Aw, they really do pay attention."
Don Karnage says: "Wait a minute."
Don Karnage says: "Quickly, the follow light!"
Scrooge finds and immediately collects the stolen treasure.
Dewey says: "Ha!"
Dewey says: "Retreat."
Dewey says: "Everybody in!"
Dewey says: "I'll hold them off."
Don Karnage says: "Get them!"
Scrooge says: "How are you going to distract an entire crew of blood-thirsty pirates?"
Dewey takes out a pitch pipe and blows.
Avast ye lads who be faint hearted says: "We rule these skies uncharted: Don Karnage: What are you doing?!"
Avast ye lads who be faint hearted says: "!"
Avast ye lads who be faint hearted says: "They're getting away!"
Cruel says: "Who sails up on the skies and not the sea: Dewey: Bon voyage, Don Karnage!"
vicious hearties we says: "Who sails up on the skies and not the sea: Dewey: Bon voyage, Don Karnage!"
Dewey throws the sword and Captian hat. Launchpad pulls the plane out of the Iron Vulture.
Karnage says: "No one escapes the villainous me!"
Karnage says: "Stop dancing!"
Karnage says: "Man the cannons!"
Karnage says: "Who's steering the ship?!"
Karnage says: "!"
The Iron Vulture crashes into a near mountain.
Don says: "This is why only I get the solos."
Don says: "CURSE YOU DEWEY DUCK!"
Cuts to inside of the Sunchaser.
Scrooge says: "I found this with the treasure."
Dewey says: "Hey, my hat!"
Scrooge says: "It certainly is, uh, unique."
Scrooge says: "How did you..."
Scrooge says: "come by it?"
Louie says: "Everyone, listen up!"
Louie says: "I am a hero."
Louie says: "At great risk to my personal safety I have rescued Scrooge's most valuable piece of treasure: The Sapphire of Souls."
Scrooge says: "Never heard of it."
Louie says: "It's a priceless gem that reflects your darkest desires?"
Scrooge says: "This is priced at $29."
Scrooge says: "50."
Louie says: "What the-- I didn't even steal a real treasure?!"
Louie says: "!"
Webby says: "Ha-ha, got ya!"
Webby says: "I bought that at the airport."
Webby says: "Ha, tell me not to make treasure about learning."
Webby says: "Everything's about learning!"
Webby says: "Ha-Ha."
Scrooge says: "Go ahead lad, I'm listening."
Dewey says: "What do you know about alpacas?"
Dewey says: "'Cause I ran across a rainbow colored alpaca who told me she had been waiting decades for The Chosen One, and guess what?"
Dewey says: "I was The Chosen One!"