Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: transcript: Louie: Introducing Louie Incorporated  It's a business."
Episode Info says: "It's a dream."
Episode Info says: "It's a movement."
Episode Info says: "Suits, ties, charts, numbers, yachts, jet-skis, you?"
Episode Info says: "Louie Incorporated."
Episode Info says: "It's a dream business movement."
Scrooge says: "Did you just do an internet search for the word "business?"
Louie says: "That's a trade secret."
Scrooge says: "So is it, uh, some kind of lemonade stand?"
Louie says: "It's a dream of tomorrow made manifest today."
Louie says: "Okay, so there are some things I haven't figured out yet."
Scrooge says: "Like what your business sells, does, and is."
Louie says: "Sure, yeah, but, this business is everything to me."
Louie says: "I want to be a successful businessman like you."
Louie says: "Cause you're like, my idol, and possibly angel investor?"
Scrooge says: "You cannot just set out to make money."
Scrooge says: "You have to find a problem and offer a solution."
Louie says: "My problem is I need money, and if would you just give it to me already, problem solution."
Scrooge says: "Louie, Louie, Louie."
Scrooge says: "Look at your Uncle Donald."
Scrooge says: "He saw that there was a housing shortage in Duckberg, so he's renting out the spare room in his houseboat."
Scrooge says: "Problem, solution."
Scrooge says: "He's helping people, and he- IS HE STEALING MY CHANDELIER?"
Scrooge says: "HEY!"
Louie says: "But it takes money to make money, right?"
Louie says: "I just need a tiny little bit and I'll get out of your hair."
Scrooge says: "Alright, lad."
Scrooge says: "How much do you need?"
Louie says: "2."
Louie says: "5 billion, please."
Donald says: "Fancy."
Donald says: "Earthquake!"
Donald says: "I can't get the house in."
Donald says: "Ah phooey."
Storkules says: "Oh glorious day."
Storkules says: "The gods smile upon our meeting."
Storkules says: "Ha ha!"
Donald says: "Storkules?"
Donald says: "You gotta go!"
Donald says: "My new tenet will be here any minute."
Storkules says: "One wonders what blessed soul be so fortunate as to share quarters with the legendary Donald duck, hmm?"
Donald says: "I don't know."
Donald says: "Go before you scare them away."
Storkules says: "What, would that even be possible if your new roommate were incapable of feeling fear, hmm?"
Donald says: "Oh no."
Storkules says: "If indeed he were the defender of Delphi, the Lion of Lindos."
Donald says: "Oh no."
Storkules says: "Or what if he be I, Storkules?"
Storkules says: "Slumber party!"
Donald says: "Aahh!"
opening theme says: "Donald: Aahh!"
Storkules says: "Ha ha!"
Donald says: "Why?"
Donald says: "Why?"
Donald says: "Why?"
Storkules says: "Why do our journeys cosmically intersect like Damon and Pythias?"
Donald says: "No, why are you here?"
Storkules says: "Oh, Father Zeus grew agitated with my lute playing so he rained a hail of harpies upon my merriment causing much chaos in Maceduckia."
Storkules says: "As punishment for my childish gaiety, Father cast me out and ordered me to become a responsible adult."
Storkules says: "So I thought who better to teach me than the most responsible man I know."
Donald says: "Oh."
Louie says: "A successful business must find a problem and solve it and that, my employees, is what we are here to figure out."
Huey says: "We're not your employees."
Huey says: "We're your family."
Louie says: "At Louie Inc."
Louie says: ", family are the greatest employees of all."
Louie says: "I mean, except Dewey."
Louie says: "Dewey would make a terrible employee."
Huey says: "This is clearly a bad idea."
Louie says: "Well then, I guess Webby will have to be chief chart officer."
Webby says: "Ooh.."
Louie says: "Yeah, gonna need a lot of charts, and checklists, plus maybe a checklist for those charts."
Louie says: "Webby will be great."
Huey says: "Ah, okay."
Huey says: "fine, I'm in."
Webby says: "Ugh.."
Louie says: "Okay team, let's brainstorm."
Louie says: "What do people need?"
Webby says: "Infinite cookies."
Webby says: "crocheted hand grenade holders."
Webby says: "Oh, free hugs!"
Huey says: "Why don't we just sell lemonade?"
Louie says: "Ugh, lemonade is small potatoes."
Webby says: "Oh!"
Webby says: "Potatoade!"
Louie says: "Ugh!"
Donald says: "Ah!"
Donald says: "Ouch!"
Storkules says: "Cohabitant Donald, Good morrow."
Donald says: "My kitchen!"
Storkules says: "Oh Donald, twas nearly disastrous."
Storkules says: "Your stove made a horrible hissing sound when activated."
Storkules says: "Clearly a foe filled it with dangerous vipers."
Storkules says: "So I arrested the infernal snake box from the wall and threw it to safety."
Storkules says: "Now, we eat and restore our heroic figure: Donald: So, how long do you plan to stay?"
Storkules says: "Why, until I become a responsible adult like you."
Storkules says: "Roommate responsibilities."
Storkules says: "What hallowed creed be this?"
Storkules says: "Quiet hours from seven to six."
Storkules says: "Hmm, don't use my toothpaste."
Storkules says: "Uh huh."
Donald says: "And pay the rent on time."
Storkules says: "Rent?"
Storkules says: "Why I assumed I'd pay with good cheer and eternal friendship, oh hoy!"
Storkules says: ""Friendship is not money."
Storkules says: "" hmm."
Donald says: "You need a job."
Storkules says: "By Helios's chariot, a job."
Storkules says: "That sounds most responsible."
Storkules says: "They followed me from Greece."
Storkules says: "I must wrangle those wretches so I can get back to my glorious labor of roommate responsibility."
Donald says: "No pets!"
Storkules says: "By the way, there is orzo in the slow cooker."
Storkules says: "Do not open it unless the pasta failed to absorb the broth."
Storkules says: "Bye."
Donald says: "Ah!"
Webby says: "But Louie, how can we have a corporate retreat if we don't even know what the business is yet."
Louie says: "That's why we're here."
Louie says: "To kick loose."
Louie says: "you know, let the creativity flow."
Louie says: "We'll come up with a business idea in no time."
Huey says: "Hmm, we already spent our entire annual budget on skee-ball, so company done?"
Louie says: "Everyone relax, okay?"
Louie says: "Our company just needs to find a problem to solve."
Louie says: "Just any problem at all."
Funso says: "My eyes!"
Funso says: "My delicate costume eyes!"
Huey says: "Sit!"
Huey says: "Heel!"
Huey says: "Shoo!"
Huey says: "Ha!"
Webby says: "Yah!"
crying boy says: "Waah: Funso doll: Where fun is in the zone..."
crying boy says: "Waah: Storkules: Harpies!"
crying boy says: "Be gone!"
Funso says: "Huhuhoo!"
Funso says: "Thank you kind sir."
Funso says: "You saved us."
Funso says: "How can I repay you?"
Storkules says: "A hero labors not for personal gain."
Louie says: "Five hundred dollars plus tax."
Louie says: "We also accept Funso Bucks."
Louie says: "You're hired."
Storkules says: "You mean a job?"
Louie says: "Welcome to Harp-B-Gone, a division of Louie Inc."
Storkules says: "Hurrah!"
Next morning says: "Storkules: Oh roommate responsibility."
Next morning says: "Oh, uh, Oh no, the toga holder, oh, oh."
Donald says: "What's going on?"
Storkules says: "Oh nothing."
Storkules says: "I'm just going to work."
Storkules says: "I'm off to my job."
Storkules says: "Nothing like the dignity of a hard day's labor."
commercial says: "Storkules: Mother, Father, what a beautiful and harpy free day for a helpless mortal tot like me to enjoy."
commercial says: "Ah goo goo, and ga ga."
Webby says: "Yesiree."
Webby says: "So glad there's no harpies around."
Webby says: "Right, sweetums?"
Huey says: "Who wrote this?"
Storkules says: "A harpy!"
Storkules says: "Oh what's a hapless babe to do?"
Storkules says: "I have made a mighty poo-poo in my daipy!"
Louie says: "I'm Louie Duck, founder and CEO of Harp-B-Gone."
Louie says: "We're the leading task force dedicated to humanely capturing those pesky winged beasts infesting Duckberg."
Louie says: "Remember, if you hear a "screee," call Louieee."
Louie says: "Harp-B-Gone not responsible for any shredding, pecking, clawing, tinnitus, exploding eardrums, and/or permanent fear of birds."
Storkules says: "Employer Llewellyn, if I may?"
Storkules says: "Why do we play dress-up when there are still harpies afoot?"
Louie says: "If someone sees a harpy, They have to know who to call and pay lots of money to get rid of it."
Huey says: "You better hope someone calls, because we're already broke."
Webby says: "Guys, are the harpies really so bad?"
Webby says: "Instead of capturing them, why don't we just mold their passion into something positive for society."
Louie says: "The problem can't be the solution, Webby."
Louie says: "That's just business."
Huey says: "If we're going to trap them, we're going to have to figure out what they want."
Storkules says: "No mortal can know the mind of the featherless beast-face."
Huey says: "Huh, the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook knows."
Huey says: ""Harpies, flying beasts of myth that steal-" Oh no, the thing I love most!"
Louie says: ""Steals the thing you love most."
Louie says: "" Huh, says it right there."
Huey says: "Hmm."
Louie says: "We're in business."
Huey says: "Harp-B-Gone, please hold."
Huey says: "Harp-B-Gone, please hold."
Montage of Harp-B-Gone answering calls, catching Harpies, and collecting money.
Dewey says: "Live from McDuck manor, it's Dewey Dew-night!"
Dewey says: "With our very special guest, the hottest name in supernatural pest removal, Harp-B-Gone!"
Dewey says: "So-ho, Louie, my bro, CEO."
Dewey says: "What's next for Harp-B-Gone?"
Louie says: "Merchandise."
Louie says: "I gotta tell tell you."
Louie says: "Selling out is everything I dreamed it would be."
Louie says: "We got Harp-B-Gone pop-up books."
Dewey says: "Woah!"
Louie says: "The harpy talon grabber arm."
Louie says: "The kids love this one, the Harpy Scree-mask."
Storkules says: "Foul hex of Hades, they reproduced."
Storkules says: "Stop squirming vile harpy child."
Huey says: "Storkules, it's me, Huey."
Dewey says: "So you've been at this for weeks."
Dewey says: "When are these harpies finally gonna B gone?"
Dewey says: "Ah Ha!"
Louie says: "Who knows?"
Louie says: "Years?"
Louie says: "Decades?"
Louie says: "Hopefully never?"
Storkules says: "Worry not."
Storkules says: "The harpies are vanquished."
Storkules says: "We captured the last cur today."
Storkules says: "Huzzah!"
Louie says: "We What?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "Meeting at headquarters in ten seconds!"
Louie says: "Storkules, the harpies aren't really gone are they?"
Storkules says: "Indeed they are."
Storkules says: "Our business endeavor is a smashing success, and my heroic labor of responsibility is nigh complete."
Louie says: "There's no business without the harpies!"
Storkules says: "But I thought wrangling the beasts was the point of the business."
Louie says: "The point of the business is to make money!"
Webby says: "Or we could work with the harpies."
Webby says: "I've been training them."
Webby says: "I already got them to roll over a couple of times..."
Webby says: "before they gnawed through the floor."
Huey says: "Or we could keep the monsters locked up, you can pay us and we'll call it a day."
Louie says: "Oh yeah, ha ha ha, right, no problem, yep."
Louie says: "I'll just reach into my pocket where the money is,  and your money is coming: Huey: You spent all the money on the merchandise, didn't you?"
Louie says: "Yep, sure did, but we could sell it and make billions, or I could pay you in button grabber arms, perhaps?"
Storkules says: "I cannot pay my rent."
Storkules says: "I have failed my heroic labor of responsibility."
Storkules says: "If I be not the hero, Be I a zero?"
Louie says: "Don't worry, Storkules."
Louie says: "I will figure something out."
Donald says: "What?"
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "Wha?"
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "Ahh."
Storkules says: "Corporate overlord Llewelyn."
Storkules says: "What art thou doing?"
Louie says: "I just wanted to check to see if they were locked in safely."
Louie says: "Yep, everything looks good, so you just go, I guess."
Storkules says: "Of course."
Storkules says: "Employer Llewelyn, you have the honesty and integrity of a true hero, just like your uncle."
Louie says: "Fine, I was going to let them out, okay?"
Louie says: "I have to save the business."
Louie says: "Quick, hide."
Louie says: "Sometimes your solution to a problem is so good, there's no more problem, which is itself a problem, so you have to make a new problem, so you can sell a solution."
Louie says: "You see my problem?"
Storkules says: "Oh vexing riddle."
Storkules says: "If we unleash the savages they'll destroy Duckberg and take countless innocent lives, but if we leave them here, I lose my rent payment."
Storkules says: "Lest the harpies disturb Donald's delicate slumber."
Donald says: "Hey, what's going on?"
Storkules says: "Just, you know, getting a midnight snack, ha ha rumbles in the tumbles."
Storkules says: "We should let you get back to your beauty rest."
Storkules says: "Not that your classical visage could get any more statuesque."
Louie says: "Yep, whatever he said."
Donald says: "What is that?"
Louie says: "It's just a pet."
Louie says: "They followed us home, Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "Can we keep them?"
Louie says: "Pwease?"
Donald says: "I told you."
Donald says: "No pets!"
Storkules says: "Honorable Donald, please I can explain."
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "You're out!"
Donald says: "You and your pets!"
Storkules says: "No Donald, No, you mustn't let the beasts out."
Huey says: "Uh!"
Webby says: "Down!"
Webby says: "Heel!"
Webby says: "Up!"
Webby says: "C'mon!"
Huey says: "What did you do, Louie?"
Storkules says: "Oh magnanimous Donald, please see it fit in your saintly heart to forgive me, I only did it to honor your most hallowed house rules."
Donald says: "Just go away!"
Storkules says: "Donald, no."
Storkules says: "Our treasured friendship is the one thing I love most."
All says: "Uncle Donald!"
Donald says: "Ah!"
Storkules says: "That was most unwise of me."
Louie says: "What the."
Louie says: "The solution to the problem became an even bigger problem."
Louie says: "Unless, oh no, I'm the problem."
Huey says: "Yes, of course, obviously."
Donald says: "No, this is the problem."
Storkules says: "Humble Llewelyn, are you prepared to do the right thing?"
Louie says: "Okay, yes."
Louie says: "Wait, NO, I TAKE THAT BACK!"
Storkules says: "Friend Donald!"
Louie says: "Harpies, get ready to B-Gone!"
Louie says: "Trademark, Louie Duck."
Louie says: "Oh we better think fast."
Donald says: "Just get us down."
Storkules says: "No!"
Louie says: "We're a hundred feet high!"
Louie says: "Uncle Donald!"
Louie says: "Hold on!"
Storkules says: "Roommate Donald, I dare not disrespect your boundaries, but may I have permission to enter your personal space for the sole purpose of saving your life?"
Donald says: "Yes!"
Donald says: "Yes!"
Louie says: "My beloved merch!"
Louie says: "Goodbye Harp-B-Gone: a subsidiary of Louie Incorporated."
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "What are you doing?"
Louie says: "Solving the problem."
Storkules says: "What a fine home you've made, noble Donald, and for a brief moment as your roommate I've tasted that perfection."
Storkules says: "But alas, it seems I'd be not worthy to share quarters with the noblest duck in the world."
Donald says: "Okay, fine."
Donald says: "You can stay."
Storkules says: "Ha ha!"
Donald says: "In an apartment."
Donald says: "And I'll help you find it."
Storkules says: "Father would be most proud."
Storkules says: "I shall never forget this, my inseparable chum, Donald."
Storkules says: "Nor your brave lesson of roommate etiquette and personal space."
Louie says: "Where were you?"
Scrooge says: "Gah!"
Scrooge says: "Had a business opportunity at Cape Suzette."
Scrooge says: "So you lost it all did you?"
Louie says: "Yep, big time."
Louie says: "Well, here's your investment back."
Scrooge says: "Consider it payment for that new idea you gave me."
Louie says: "You opened a lemonade business?"
Scrooge says: "Enjoy it."
Scrooge says: "That's the only can."
Scrooge says: "We couldn't figure out a cost effective way to transport the lemons from Cape Suzette to the juicery in town."
Webby says: "No, heel, sit."
Louie says: "Huh, no one ever asked what they love most."
Roxanne Featherly says: "Looks like Scrooge McDuck is turning lemons into lemonade?"
Roxanne Featherly says: "Mr McDuck's new fair trade lemonade is one hundred percent organic and sustainable from the farm fresh lemons shipped in from Cape Suzette to the rehabilitated harpies that deliver and squeeze them."
Scrooge says: "That's right, Roxanne."
Scrooge says: "No shipping costs, no fuel emissions."
Louie says: "And we pay them in the thing we love most."
Louie says: "Delicious McDuck brand lemonade."
Scrooge says: "Unpaid intern."
Louie says: "Not now."
Louie says: "I believe in turning problems into solutions."
Roxanne Featherly says: "But how do you keep the harpies from stealing all your lemonade?"
Louie says: "We are still working on that particular problem."