The episode begins in the Sunchaser\Cloudslayer. Scrooge is at a table with Huey, Dewey, Louie, and Webby.
Scrooge says: "Every ten years, Jörmungandr, the great snake that encircles the Earth, releases his tail, and threatens to destroy the planet."
Scrooge says: "Unless the chosen "Champion of the Earth" can defeat him and his barbarian minions in combat."
Scrooge says: "I am that champion."
Huey says: "Oooh!"
Dewey says: "Oooh!"
Louie says: "Oooh!"
Webby says: "Oooh!"
Scrooge says: "One day I'll have to pass the torch to the next "Champion of the Earth"."
Scrooge says: "Which of you will it be?"
Scrooge says: "Webby, Huey, Louie..."
Scrooge says: "Webby."
Dewey says: "You're saving my name for last, right?"
Dewey says: "For..."
Dewey says: "dramatic effect?"
Scrooge says: "Yes."
Scrooge says: "That."
Scrooge says: "The truth is, none of you are ready to fight just yet."
Scrooge says: "I am only bringing you along to prepare you for the future."
Huey says: "Why are you trusting us with that, and not Donald and Mom?"
Scrooge says: "Because you are the new generation!"
Scrooge says: "Also, I don't trust Donald and Della to cooperate on a jigsaw puzzle, much less the fate of the universe."
Scrooge says: "Gird yourselves for the most gritty, solemn fight we have ever faced."
Scrooge says: "Launchpad, fly into that rainbow."
Launchpad says: "Ooh, pretty!"
Valhalla appears, and Launchpad lands the plane at the arena. Everyone gets out of the plane.
Webby says: "Is that a barbarian with a battle axe?!"
Webby says: "!"
Webby says: "They found a way to make rainbows BETTER!"
Scrooge says: "Welcome to Valhalla."
Scrooge says: "All right, you saturnine snake, let's do this!"
Camera moves up to the statue of Jormungandr then back to the family.
Webby says: "This is the best day!"
Cue theme song.
Huey says: "So let me get this straight, you're going to fight a snake that's 1000 times bigger than you are?"
Scrooge says: "Don't be silly."
Scrooge says: "He transmogrifies into a snake-man beast first."
Huey says: "Yeah, sure."
Huey says: "Of course."
Faint chanting can be heard in the distance.
Huey says: "What's that rhythmic chanting?"
Scrooge says: "A fierce Norse incantation meant to summon the beast."
Door opens to reveal an arena from a specific sport.
Huey says: "Really?"
Flames and come out of the edges of the arena.
Launchpad says: "Oh!"
Launchpad says: "It's wrestling!"
Fans says: "This is awesome!"
Launchpad echoing.
This is awesome!
Huey says: "So these guys just copied professional wrestling?"
Scrooge says: "No, this tournament is as old as the Earth itself."
Scrooge says: "Wrestling copied all of this stuff from them."
Dewey says: "A flashy fight with flamboyant costumes where you get cheered by adoring fans?"
Dewey says: "Oh, I am "Dewey-ing" it!"
Dewey says: "What can go wrong?"
Scrooge says: "You can be pummeled senseless under a two-ton terror, with every bone broken, while the world literally cracks in two."
Dewey says: "And they will love me for it!"
Announcer says: "Introducing, the chairman of the V."
Announcer says: "W."
Announcer says: "E, our beloved underdog, a man-snake of the people, Mr."
Announcer says: "Jormungandr!"
Jormungandr has been summoned and is standing in the middle of the arena. The fans cheer loudly.
Jormungandr says: "Thank you, thank you."
Jormungandr says: "I can't tell you how honored I am, to be here, fighting for you, the fallen warriors of Valhalla!"
Jormungandr says: "You all died gloriously in battle, and now everyone on Earth will have the chance to join you here once we defeat Team Earth!"
Jormungandr says: "This is..."
Jormungandr says: "Rumble for Ragnarok..."
Jormungandr says: "100!"
Launchpad says: "Woohoo!"
Jormungandr says: "As always, this will be the best of 3 tournaments."
Jormungandr says: "Our greatest fighters, will face off against the Gilded Green Monger, The Hated Hoarder, The Infamous Millionaire Miser."
Dewey says: "Wait, who's is he talking about?"
Scrooge is seen wearing a green costume with a money sign at the front, and carrying a bag with money.
Scrooge says: "Wish me luck, laddies!"
Announcer says: "Look at that!"
Announcer says: "The Miser is collecting back taxes!"
Huey says: "Guys, I'm starting to think Scrooge isn't the good guy here."
Launchpad says: "Yeah, Jormungandr is the baby-faced people's champ that everyone loves."
Launchpad says: "Scrooge is playing the role of the villainous heel."
Dewey, Huey, and Webby look to Launchpad in confusion.
Launchpad says: "I watch a lot of wrestling while I fly."
Huey says: "Wait, while?"
Dewey says: "That's ridiculous."
Dewey says: "Uncle Scrooge is the greatest hero of all time!"
Webby says: "Huh."
Webby says: "I guess not everyone thinks so."
Scrooge climbs onto the arena and throws his money bag, but it hits the announcer and knocks him out.
Scrooge says: "Oops."
Launchpad says: "Dibs on announcing!"
Huey says: "He's gonna need my help."
Huey says: "Good thing I have my Junior Woodchuck Sports Commentary badge!"
Huey says: "Greetings, sport fans."
Launchpad says: "ARE YOU READY TO RAGNAROK?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
The edges of the arena spit flames and people cheer.
Launchpad says: "This is the first of three matches!"
Launchpad says: "First to pin their opponent wins."
Launchpad says: "Up first, representing Team Valhalla, we have the Hammer, from Kraghammer, the legendary, Strongbeard!"
Strongbeard enters the arena and gives high-fives to the fans.
Launchpad says: "Wow, folks."
Launchpad says: "It seems that whoever possesses one of Strongbeard's hairs becomes impossibly strong!"
Huey says: "Wait, how did you know that?"
Launchpad says: "Just calling it as I see it."
Launchpad says: "Wrestling!"
Launchpad says: "And here, we, go!"
Dewey says: "You cannot let them talk to you this way!"
Dewey says: "You're the hero!"
Scrooge says: "It's all right."
Scrooge says: "What matters is that I'm doing the right thing."
Scrooge says: "Wa-ha-ha!"
Scrooge says: "Give me a hand-out!"
Scrooge says: "I'm the Richest Duck in the World and you're not, ha-ha!"
Strongbeard attacks Scrooge and wraps his arms around him tightly. Scrooge then puts his finger in Strongbeard's muscle, which causes him pain.
Huey says: "And here we see the use of a curious technique."
Huey says: "An acupuncture pressure point, perhaps, or some kind of sedative neck message?"
Launchpad says: "Uh-oh!"
Launchpad says: "The Miser's got Strongbeard in an unbreakable Penny Pincher hold!"
Launchpad says: "What's he gonna do?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Strongbeard's hair pokes him, and Scrooge turns around only to receive a hard punch in the chin!
Launchpad says: "And the Miser fell for a beard fake!"
Strongbeard slams Scrooge to the ground.
Dewey says: "Disqualified for illegal beard magic!"
Just when Strongbeard is about to deliver his final blow to defeat Scrooge, Scrooge notices he has a strand of Strongbeard's hair, and gains a lot of strength.
Huey says: "I am so confused!"
Launchpad says: "Uh-oh, looks like the Miser absorbed some beard energy!"
Strongbeard tries to body-slam Scrooge, but Scrooge holds him up, throws him, then pins him to the ground for 3 seconds and earns a point for his team.
Launchpad says: "Wow!"
Launchpad says: "The Millionaire Miser with the incredible comeback win!"
Launchpad says: "Scores a point for Team Earth!"
The crowd boos at Scrooge.
Dewey says: "You're cheering the wrong guy!"
Dewey says: "Scrooge has save the world countless times and your guy is the minion of a giant dragon man!"
The crowd gets mad at Dewey, and one person throws a chair at him.
Scrooge says: "Dewey, look out!"
Scrooge notices and pushes him out of the way, and the chair hits him instead.
Scrooge says: "Oh, my blasted back!"
Dewey and Webby help Scrooge walk to the locker room to rest.
Dewey says: "Sorry."
Scrooge says: "It's alright, lad."
Scrooge says: "We got the first win."
Scrooge says: "But it looks like you kids are going to have to take over sooner than I thought."
Dewey looks at the crowd booing Scrooge, and becomes worried.
Camera shifts to the locker room, where Scrooge is laying face-down while Webby and Dewey take care of him.
Scrooge says: "Ok."
Scrooge says: "Jormungandr has agreed to let a tag team take my place."
Webby says: "He is such a good guy!"
Dewey says: "Ugh!"
Scrooge says: "Which of you two will fight for me?"
Scrooge says: "Obviously Webby."
Scrooge says: "Huey doesn't understand wrestling at all, and I don't know where Louie is."
Webby says: "He's probably scared and devastated from seeing you get hurt."
Camera shifts to a make-shift stand Louie has made.
Louie says: "Get your "Scrooge gets hit with a chair" t-shirt here!"
Louie says: "Re-live "Chairmageddon" as a shirt!"
Camera shifts back to Scrooge.
Scrooge says: "Well, I guess Webby will have to fight alone then."
Dewey says: "But I'm ready for this!"
Scrooge says: "Come now, lad."
Scrooge says: "They hate us out there, and I'm not sure you can handle this."
Dewey says: "You're right."
Dewey says: ""I" can't handle this."
Dewey says: "But..."
Dewey says: "."
Dewey says: "Champ Popular can!"
Dewey says: "My impossible-to-hate hero persona!"
Dewey says: "Guarantied to turn "Boo" into "Woo!"
Dewey says: "Dewey, we love you!"
Scrooge has an unimpressed look on his face.
Dewey says: "Ok, you're still unsure."
Dewey says: "But wait until you see my final touch!"
Scrooge says: "Yes, lad!"
Scrooge says: "Great!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, I believe in you!"
Scrooge says: "Do all of the fighting, and make sure he doesn't die."
Webby says: "On it."
Dewey is about to go to the arena, and he is nervous.
Dewey says: "Ok, you've got this."
Dewey says: "Smile, be charming, win them over!"
Dewey says: "And win the match, save the world, blah blah blah."
Huey says: "Suplex, duplex, sleeper hold."
Huey says: "Ok, I think I've finally got a hold of this wrestling thing."
Launchpad says: "Awesome."
Launchpad says: "Just in time for the tag-team round!"
Huey says: "Wait, they're playing tag now?"
Huey says: "Ugh."
Launchpad says: "Introducing, Valhalla's new favorite hero, the irresistible, the simply dapper, the impossibly cool, Champ Popular!"
Dewey notices he is losing the crowd. He takes out some lollipops and throws it at the crowd.
Fan says: "He's throwing lollipops because he thinks we're suckers!"
Dewey says: "No, they're delicious!"
Fan says: "Stop the pop!"
Fan says: "Stop the pop!"
Louie says: "Stop the pop!"
Louie says: "Get your "Stop the pop" shirts right here!"
Dewey says: "How did you know what character I'd come and all ready make t-shirts against him?"
Louie says: "I've known you my whole life!"
Louie says: "I kinda knew how this was gonna play out!"
Dewey climbs into the ring and tries to win the crowd over.
Launchpad says: "Champ Popular, more like Champ "Un-popular"."
Launchpad says: "This crowd is really giving it to him."
Huey says: "Yeah, more like Champ "Population" 0 friends..."
Huey says: "in Friendtown?"
Huey says: "Someone call the Census Bureau!"
Huey says: "Oh!"
Fan says: "We hate you now!"
Launchpad says: "Next up, Champ's tag-team partner, The Pink Predator, The Marauder of McDuck Manor!"
Webby says: "Hi, I'm Webby!"
Scrooge says: "This'll be a tough match, kids."
Scrooge says: "Let's talk strategy."
Launchpad says: "And now, from Niffleheim, weighing in at a combined 10,000 shrieking undead souls, Hecka and Fenrir!"
Dewey says: "C'mon, this is what you like?"
Dewey says: "A creepy goth and her pet dog?"
Crowd says: "Hecka yeah!"
Crowd says: "Hecka yeah!"
Huey says: "Are you folks ready for a game of tag grappling?"
Huey says: "Some wham-bam-slams?"
Huey says: "I don't know!"
Launchpad says: "Wooooo!"
Bell rings and Dewey comes running at Hecka. He tries to punch her, but she grabs him and throws him into the ropes, he gets tangled and his head keeps hitting the ground.
Huey says: "With all those head pops, it looks like Champ Popular is more like Champ Popcorn!"
Huey says: "He "butter" do something fast!"
Crowd says: "You're the worst!"
Crowd says: "You're the worst!"
Launchpad says: "You know his thing is lollipops, not corn, right?"
Huey says: "But I have all these corn puns!"
Launchpad says: "You don't have to try to make it sound great, it already is!"
Camera shifts back to the fight. Dewey tries to punch Hecka, but she is pushing him away. He tries to dive behind her, but she grabs onto his collar and throws him to the ground. Hecka starts floating. She dives back into the ground, but Dewey nearly dodges her attack.
Scrooge says: "Don't let the crowd get to you, lad."
Scrooge says: "Embrace the boos."
Scrooge says: "Be the bad guy!"
Dewey says: "No, I can win them over."
Dewey says: "I can make them love me."
Hecka stares at Dewey and gets ready for an attack.
Scrooge says: "Ah, tag Webby, tag Webby!"
Webby says: "Leave Champ alone!"
Webby goes to the ropes and flings herself towards Hecka.
Webby says: "Oh, is that all you've got?"
Webby says: "I thought you were supposed to be "great warriors"!"
Webby says: "Get the "Hecka" out of here!"
Scrooge says: "Atta-girl!"
Scrooge says: "Embrace your inner heel!"
Dewey says: "I don't know her!"
Webby continues to fight Hecka and pins her, but Fenrir pushes her away.
Dewey says: "What?"
Dewey says: "That's not fair, he didn't tag in!"
Dewey says: "That's cheating!"
Dewey says: "Cheaters!"
Dewey says: "Cheaters!"
Dewey says: "Now you say it!"
Webby sees Fenrir and instantly falls in love. She wants to pet him.
Webby says: "Oh, you're so dangerous and cute!"
Webby says: "I just want to pet your little belly!"
Dewey says: "Oh, that's good."
Dewey says: "The crowd loves the dog-lover angle."
Dewey says: "Keep going!"
Scrooge says: "No, Webby it's a trap!"
Fenrir grabs Webby by the shirt says: "Launchpad: Uh-oh."
swings her around says: "Launchpad: Uh-oh."
Fenrir grabs Webby by the shirt says: "A classic "Who's a good boy" gambit!"
swings her around says: "A classic "Who's a good boy" gambit!"
Huey says: "I don't understand anything and nothing I say makes any sense!"
Huey says: "Wait, am I the "Launchpad" here?"
Fenrir swings Webby out of the ring.
Dewey says: "That's it!"
Dewey says: "I know what to do to win!"
Scrooge says: "Great!"
Dewey says: "Them over!"
Scrooge says: "No!"
Dewey says: "See!"
Dewey says: "He likes it!"
Fan says: "What are you doing?"
Fan says: "You can't give candy to a dog!"
Fan says: "What are you, a dummy?"
Webby viciously attacks Fenrir and holds him tightly.
Webby says: "Pin him!"
Launchpad says: "Woah, back from the dead, from the queen of the dead, Webby takes out Fenrir, and sets Champ Popular for the pin!"
Crowd says: "Stop the pop!"
Crowd says: "Stop the pop!"
Louie says: "Hey, can you wear this in the ring?"
Louie says: "It'll really up my sales."
Crowd says: "You're the worst!"
Crowd says: "You'll never be a hero!"
Scrooge says: "Don't listen to them, lad!"
Scrooge says: "Look out!"
Fenrir pushes Dewey and pins him. The bell rings and the crowd cheers.
Launchpad says: "Oh!"
Launchpad says: "Team Ragnarok gets the comeback win!"
Launchpad says: "Looks like they've got the momentum now!"
Launchpad says: "But don't worry Team Earth, it's not the end of the world..."
Jormungandr says: "Yet!"
Crowd boos Dewey.
Jormungandr says: "Hey, hey, hey, let's take it easy on the poor guy."
Jormungandr says: "It's not his fault he's a puny mortal with a toxic personality."
Jormungandr says: "So it looks like Team Earth made it to the final round!"
Jormungandr says: "So that means you all get what you've been waiting for."
Jormungandr says: "The main event!"
Jormungandr says: "I know you're all disappointed about how lackluster Earth has been this year."
Jormungandr says: "So I have a special treat for all of you adoring fans."
Jormungandr says: "I challenge Earth to a battle royale!"
Huey says: "He wants to fight a king?"
Launchpad says: "No."
Launchpad says: "It means he's taking on all of Team Earth!"
Launchpad says: "If you get knocked out of the ring, you stay out, folks."
Launchpad says: "And the first to get a pin, wins."
Scrooge says: "Challenge accepted, you showboating basilisk."
Scrooge says: "My family is ready to take whatever you've got."
Scrooge says: "Right guy..."
Scrooge says: "?"
Scrooge says: "I will be right back."
Scrooge says: "Stall."
Jormungandr says: "Listen up, miser."
Jormungandr says: "I'm just a noble, humble snake-man of the people who's fed up with your ruthless reign of greed."
Webby says: "Excuse me Mr."
Webby says: "Jormungandr."
Webby says: "Big fan."
Webby says: "If you would like a fight, allow me to introduce you to this fist."
Webby says: "Her name is Lady Haymaker."
Webby says: "And, of course, also her country cousin, the Duchess of Wailing."
Scrooge finds Dewey and sits next to him.
Dewey says: "I'm sorry, Uncle Scrooge."
Dewey says: "I just..."
Dewey says: "I can't do it."
Scrooge says: "I know, lad."
Scrooge says: "It's ok."
Dewey says: "No, I can't."
Dewey says: "Wait, it's ok?"
Dewey says: "Isn't this the part where you tell me "Of course you can lad, I believe in you!"
Scrooge says: "Doing the right thing is not always easy, or popular."
Scrooge says: "Not everyone is cut out to be the "Champion of the Earth"."
Dewey says: "But what about the fight?"
Scrooge says: "I called in back-up as soon as you had to take over."
Scrooge says: "I mean, it is the fate of the Earth!"
Dewey says: "Well that made me feel even worse."
Webby says: "And lastly, I'll use the dust of your bones as sweetener in my tea."
Webby says: "Thank you for your time."
Fan says: "Too far!"
Jormungandr says: "We, warriors of Valhalla, aren't scared of you!"
Webby says: "It's not me who you should be scared of."
Beakley appears in a shield maiden costume and hits Jormungandr with a chair.
Launchpad says: "What a surprise, folks!"
Launchpad says: "The Millionaire Miser's Maid!"
Beakley says: "Shield maiden!"
Beakley says: "The only thing I'm going to clean today is your clock!"
Camera cuts to Dewey in the locker room. Huey walks in.
Dewey says: "Shouldn't you be announcing the fight?"
Huey says: "I can't do that."
Huey says: "I thought I was smart enough to handle anything this adventure had to throw at me, but I'm just embarrassing myself!"
Dewey says: "Yeah, me too."
Dewey says: "I know we're supposed to take over for Scrooge one day, but do you ever wonder, if maybe we're cut out for it?"
Louie runs into the locker room.
Louie says: "The world is about to end!"
Louie says: "We need to do something!"
Dewey says: "I can't do it."
Dewey says: "They hate me."
Huey says: "And I don't understand wrestling."
Louie says: "WHAT?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "Just roll with it."
Louie says: "You don't have to understand something to love it."
Louie says: "Say literally the first thing that comes to mind."
Louie says: "Be L."
Louie says: "P."
Huey says: "Be..."
Huey says: "Launchpad."
Louie says: "And you."
Louie says: "I've known you my whole life."
Louie says: "I know how this plays out."
Louie says: "You're a hero."
Louie says: "So go save the world."
Louie says: "Let's do this!"
Dewey says: "I don't know."
Louie says: "Buh..."
Louie says: "Let's "Dewey" this?"
Dewey says: "I'm in."
Webby and Beakley fight Jormungandr, but knocks them out of the ring.
Scrooge says: "I'll shed your skin for  -ow!"
Launchpad says: "Woah."
Launchpad says: "In a completely unexpected twist, the announcer was Captain Crash this whole time!"
Launchpad says: "What's Jormungandr going to do now?"
Jormungandr swings them both into the ropes and then hits them out of the ring. Shirts gets shot at his face and he hisses.
Dewey says: "I guess you forgot about the Pop that never stops, no matter how hard it is!"
Fan says: "Your catchphrases are forced!"
Dewey says: "That's just how I "Dewey" it!"
Huey says: "Wow!"
Huey says: "And in a surprising turn of events, Champ Popular is back to bite the snake that bit him!"
Jormungandr says: "They hate you."
Jormungandr says: "You should give up."
Dewey says: "I don't care."
Dewey says: "But you do."
Jormungandr says: "Pssshh."
Jormungandr says: "I don't care at all, why should I?"
Jormungandr says: "I'm the most popular hero in all the land and for all time!"
Jormungandr attacks Dewey heavily and the crowd starts to turn sides. They start booing.
Jormungandr says: "You see how easy this is for me?"
Jormungandr says: "I don't even have to use my hands."
Huey says: "Ooh, looks like Jormungandr is losing the crowd!"
Strongbeard says: "This is not the Norse way."
Jormungandr says: "What are you doing?"
Jormungandr says: "Cheer me!"
Jormungandr says: "I am your hero!"
Strongbeard says: "Young one!"
Dewey ties the clump of hair around his neck and gains the beard energy.
Huey says: "Oh my!"
Huey says: "Dewey's absorbed that beard energy!"
Jormungandr tries to punch Dewey, but he blocks the attack. He tries to punch again, but he blocks it too. He jumps and kicks Jormungandr in the jaw. Jormungandr tries to hit Dewey with his tail, but he grabs it and twists Jormungandr around and then throws him up into the air. He grabs him and jumps high into the air. Then he turns him around head-first into the ground and pins Jormungandr. Everyone cheers.
Huey says: "All I can say is this is..."
Launchpad says: "Awesome!"
Jormungandr says: "Until next time, Champ Popular!"
The referee gives Dewey the belt.
Huey says: "A true people's hero."
Scrooge says: "You showed real grit out there, lad."
Scrooge says: "I'm proud of you."
Dewey says: "Thanks, Uncle Scrooge."
Dewey says: "But why are you whispering?"
Scrooge says: "So I can get close..."
Scrooge says: "and do this!"
Huey says: "What's this?"
Huey says: "The Millionaire Miser has turned on his own nephew!"
Huey says: "He stole the belt."
Huey says: "What a heel!"
Scrooge says: "That's right!"
Scrooge says: "Unless Champ Popular thinks he can stop me!"