The episode opens with a zooming out view of St. Canard. Somewhere below the St. O'Malley's Kitten Orphanage, a masked villain places multiple bombs at the sewers, laughing evilly.
Masked Villain says: "So bad."
Just as he was about to leave the area... a loud poof was heard, and a purple smoke appears. As soon as the smoke dissipates, Darkwing Duck appears.
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the terror that flaps in the night!"
Darkwing Duck says: "I am the pebble in the penny loafer of depravity!"
Darkwing Duck says: "I am..."
Masked Villain says: "Darkwing Duck."
Darkwing Duck says: "Ah, so you've heard of me."
Darkwing Duck says: "Let's!"
Darkwing Duck says: "Get!"
Darkwing Duck says: "Dangerous!"
However, as he tries to run towards the villain, he steps onto a couple of landmines.
Darkwing Duck says: "Ow!"
Darkwing Duck says: "Dangerous..."
As he steps on the last land mine, it sends Darkwing Duck flying and landed on top of the masked villain.
Darkwing Duck says: "Oh, my goodness."
He then regains his senses and holds the villain.
Darkwing Duck says: "Okay!"
Darkwing Duck says: "You think a few very painful explosions can stop me?"
Darkwing Duck says: "Now, let's see who you really are!"
He pulls the masked villain's mask to see...
Darkwing Duck says: "Me?!"
Darkwing Duck says: "!"
Cut to where it's part of a cartoon show with the note "To be concluded below" while it pauses. It seems that Jim Starling says: "Jim: Whoa, what a twist!"
the actor who plays Darkwing Duck was playing outside the parking lot for the opening ceremony of Siesta Rick's Sofa Fiesta shopping center says: "Jim: Whoa, what a twist!"
Launchpad says: "What?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Launchpad says: "I never saw that coming!"
Dewey says: "Wait, haven't you seen this episode?"
Launchpad says: "Seventy-five times!"
Launchpad says: "But never in a parking lot."
Jim says: "Sadly, beloved TV show Darkwing Duck, starring me, Jim Starling, was canceled before we could end this story."
But there's no end to the savings at Siesta Rick's Sofa Fiesta!
Camera widen to show there's not many people appearing there.
Jim says: "Comfortable!"
Jim says: "Ha-ha!"
Jim says: "I'll be signing autographs for one and all!"
Jim says: "If one and all want one!"
Unfortunately most of the crowd left the area much to Jim's displeased.
Jim says: "Buncha ingrates."
Dewey says: "You good?"
Launchpad says: "Yep."
Launchpad says: "Totally cool."
Launchpad says: "Thanks for being here."
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign says: "Drake:  Okay, keep it together!"
Drake Mallard says: "Drake:  Okay, keep it together!"
a Darkwing Duck fan says: "Drake:  Okay, keep it together!"
stands beside Launchpad says: "Drake:  Okay, keep it together!"
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign says: ""I am your biggest fan!"
Drake Mallard says: ""I am your biggest fan!"
a Darkwing Duck fan says: ""I am your biggest fan!"
stands beside Launchpad says: ""I am your biggest fan!"
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign says: "" No."
Drake Mallard says: "" No."
a Darkwing Duck fan says: "" No."
stands beside Launchpad says: "" No."
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign says: ""I have modelled my entire life after yours."
Drake Mallard says: ""I have modelled my entire life after yours."
a Darkwing Duck fan says: ""I have modelled my entire life after yours."
stands beside Launchpad says: ""I have modelled my entire life after yours."
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign says: "" "I wanna keep you in a big jar in my closet!"
Drake Mallard says: "" "I wanna keep you in a big jar in my closet!"
a Darkwing Duck fan says: "" "I wanna keep you in a big jar in my closet!"
stands beside Launchpad says: "" "I wanna keep you in a big jar in my closet!"
Launchpad says: "Calm down, buddy."
Launchpad says: "Jim Starling's just a regular guy."
Launchpad says: "I've been to plenty of these signings, and one day, I'm actually gonna meet him."
Drake says: "Wait."
Drake says: "If you've seen him so many times, how come you've never talked to him?"
Jim says: "Next!"
Launchpad says: "Uhh."
Launchpad faints says: "Dewey: This is why."
collapsed onto Drake says: "Dewey: This is why."
Theme song plays.
Jim says: "Look, I'm the one and only Darkwing Duck."
Jim says: "I need a real gig."
Jim says: "I'm bigger than sofa store openings."
Jim says: "Eh I don't care that they sell recliners, too!"
Drake clears his throat as Jim takes notice on him, groaning.
Drake says: "Mr."
Drake says: "Starling, you have meant so much to me."
Drake says: "I..."
Drake says: "I actually have a very important question for you."
Jim says: "Great."
Jim says: "Who do I make this out to?"
Drake says: "Oh!"
Drake says: "Um, uh, I am the terror that flaps in the night!"
Drake says: "I am the president of your fan club."
Drake says: "I am..."
Jim says: "Yeah, yeah."
Jim says: "That'll be 15 bucks."
Jim says: "Stay dangerous."
Jim takes his money and pass him back the poster. Drake leaves, unhappy until….
Jim says: "Waaaiiit!"
Drake says: "Uh, yes?"
Jim says: "Who do I make this out to?"
Dewey pulls up the unconscious Launchpad onto the table, which Jim sighs in disappointment.
Jim says: "Oh, the fainter's back."
Dewey says: "He'd really appreciate it if you could sign his..."
Dewey says: "[Jim signs onto Launchpad's beak[..."
Dewey says: "poster?"
Dewey takes a picture of Jim, with a forced smiled, holding onto Launchpad with his phone camera. He writes on his phone "Launchpad looks sick but trust me, he is stoked. #Celebrity #IWasntAliveInThe90s #TimeToJumpOnRedliners". As he was about to write "#DarkwingDuck"...
Dewey says: ""#DarkwingDuck"..."
Dewey says: "Whoa!"
Dewey says: "That's weird."
Dewey clicks on the link and sees...
Dewey says: "Darkwing Duck is trending number one worldwide."
Jim says: "What?!"
Jim says: "!"
Jim says: "Gimme!"
Jim intends to see it, but Dewey stops him while he reads it for him instead.
Dewey says: "It says here they're making a movie of Darkwing Duck!"
Jim says: "They are?"
Jim says: "We am?!"
Jim says: "!"
Jim then stands onto Launchpad's back in joy. Drake on the other hand sees him in amazement as well.
Jim says: "Darkwing Duck is back, baby!"
Launchpad says: "He is?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
This causes Launchpad to get up which causes Jim to fall onto Drake.
Launchpad says: "It's him!"
Launchpad says: "Uhh: Launchpad faints again and falls onto both Jim and Drake while Dewey takes a picture of them."
Launchpad says: "Cut to the streets where Launchpad is driving a limousine but keeps stopping for every second."
Dewey says: "Launchpad!"
Dewey says: "Stop looking in the rear-view mirror."
Launchpad says: "Yup!"
Launchpad says: "Totally profesh."
Launchpad says: "No problem  Ohh: Launchpad faints again and the limousine stops..."
Jim says: "Back on top."
Jim says: "Arriving on set for a big-shot movie in style."
Jim says: "Thanks for the ride, fans."
Dewey says: "Wow."
Dewey says: "I am going to a real movie studio!"
Dewey says: "Where larger-than-life big-screen legends are born!"
Launchpad says: "And you get to ride there with a real-life movie star!"
Dewey looks at Jim, who seems to have sweat on his armpits. Jim then take a sniff of one of his armpits.
Jim says: "Musky."
Dewey says: "Are we sure about this guy?"
Dewey says: "Why wouldn't the studio send a car for him?"
Dewey says: "Or, you know, tell him the movie exists?"
Launchpad says: "They couldn't make a movie without him."
Launchpad says: "Jim Starling is Darkwing Duck!"
Jim says: "Ya dang right he is, buddy!"
Jim says: "Heh."
Launchpad says: "I'm his buddy!"
Launchpad faints again, only this time the limousine accelerate and crash onto the entrance of the movie studio.
Dewey says: "Oh, man."
Dewey says: "I hope whoever owns the studio isn't mad at..."
Dewey says: "Wait..."
Dewey says: "What the?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Turns out that said movie studio is called "McDuck Studio", where the logo of Scrooge McDuck also appears beside the signboard. Cut to inside one of the meeting rooms, Scrooge is discussing with Alistair Borswan, a film director.
Scrooge says: "Sorry, you need more money for?"
Alistair says: "The grand finale of my film."
Alistair says: "leaning against a poster of 'Darkwing: First Darkness' movie A psychological examination of man's inhumanity to man!"
Scrooge says: "Alistair, I haven't seen a movie since 1938."
Scrooge says: "This studio was built to make cheap Office Safety Videos for my company."
The camera shows the other posters "Don't Eat the Toner" says: "Save money first!"
"Face the Fax" says: "Save money first!"
"Emergency Evacuations says: "Save money first!"
The camera shows the other posters "Don't Eat the Toner" says: ""."
"Face the Fax" says: ""."
"Emergency Evacuations says: ""."
The camera shows the other posters "Don't Eat the Toner" says: "The first two displays someone fitting Donald Duck's description being the main character while the last poster shows Scrooge."
"Face the Fax" says: "The first two displays someone fitting Donald Duck's description being the main character while the last poster shows Scrooge."
"Emergency Evacuations says: "The first two displays someone fitting Donald Duck's description being the main character while the last poster shows Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "You convinced me a "fun little action movie" would double my profits, but you're already over budget."
Scrooge says: "If you want one penny more, I have to be consulted on all decisions."
Alistair says: "Stands up How dare you, sir?"
Alistair says: "An artist's integrity!"
Scrooge uses his cane to pushes Alistair back into his chair.
Scrooge says: "Splendid."
Scrooge says: "The movie should be in colour."
Scrooge says: "Colour’s all the rage these days."
Scrooge says: "Oh!"
Scrooge says: "And the villain is going to need a moustache to twirl whenever he does something evil."
Scrooge says: "Heh."
Just then Dewey kicks the meeting room door, pissed. He then takes one of the trophies, stands on one the table and confront Scrooge; he points the trophy at him.
Dewey says: "You have a movie studio that could fulfil a starry-eyed boy's cinematic dreams."
Dewey says: "Why didn't you tell me?!"
Dewey says: "!"
Scrooge says: "To avoid this exact conversation."
Dewey says: "Okay, yeah, no, I can see that."
As Launchpad enters the room, Jim switch off the lights.
Jim says: "I am the terror that flaps in the night."
Jim says: "a huge fan, Alistair Borswan!"
Jim says: "I mean, I've never actually seen your work, but you're British, so I'm sure that it's very classy, and yeah."
He gets off the chair while Alistair's creeped out.
Alistair says: "Uh, yes."
Alistair says: "And you are?"
Jim says: "British and funny?"
Jim says: "Whoa!"
Jim says: "This feels like the beginning of a great creative partnership!"
Launchpad says: "Aw, cool!"
Launchpad says: "A big-budget reboot of the thing I loved as a kid!"
Launchpad says: "Those are always great!"
Alistair moves his chair back hoping to move away from them but both Jim and Launchpad move nearer to him until he has no spaces to move.
Launchpad says: "Is Darkwing's motorcycle in it?"
Launchpad says: "Is he still a noble hero who gets back up and fights for right, no matter what evil throws at him?"
Launchpad says: "You're keeping the theme song, right?"
Alistair says: "Would you like to see the trailer?"
The scene changes where everyone's seated to see the trailer. Only Scrooge and Dewey were unamused on watching it.
Launchpad says: "Ooh!"
Launchpad says: "Aah!"
As the movie starts, the logo of McDuck Pictures appear with purple smoke at the bottom corner of each sides.
Narrator says: "Within every man, there is a war."
The scene changes to the camera showing multiple dark buildings.
Narrator says: "Not of action, but of ideas."
Dewey says: "Ugh!"
Narrator says: "There is no right or wrong."
Narrator says: "No heroes or villains."
Narrator says: "Only darkness."
The entire city shows a blackout. The scene then changes to the word 'DARKNESS' line before it changes again to people running away while a pearl necklace slowly drops to the ground.
Narrator says: "There is one man who can fight the darkness."
The scene changes to a silhouette of Darkwing Duck on one of the building towers.
Launchpad says: "Yeah!"
Launchpad says: "Here we go, baby!"
Thunder was sound as it changes to...
Narrator says: "With more darkness."
Launchpad says: "What's this, now?"
The scene changes to someone lighting a match and drops it. It soon shows a fiery symbol of 'DW'. Launchpad looks in horror while the scene changes again to people running out of the subway.
Man says: "It's the Dark-wing!"
Man says: "Run!"
The scene changes to a pearl necklace finally drops and break into pieces. The scene changes to Commissioner Haggard, a police dog who looks like Commissioner James Gordan, confronting Darkwing Duck on the rooftops.
Haggard says: "You can't just flap around in the night!"
Haggard says: "You'll terrify people!"
Haggard says: "It's too dangerous!"
The scene changes to Darkwing Duck smiles as it soon changes to the title screen.
Narrator says: "Darkwing: First Darkness."
Narrator says: "This film not suitable for children."
As the scene disappears, the trailer ends. Alistair looks pleased, while looking at everyone's reactions while only Launchpad and Dewey are not too happy about it.
Launchpad says: "That is not Darkwing Duck!"
Launchpad says: "DW'd never hurt innocent people or set the city on fire."
Launchpad says: "Not on purpose."
Alistair says: "But are we all not both the heroes and the villains of our own story?"
Launchpad says: "What?"
Launchpad says: "I don't..."
Launchpad says: "What?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Jim says: "Well, I kinda like it!"
Jim says: "Grim, gritty."
Jim says: "Shows off my dark, smoldering side."
Jim says: "Ooh!"
Jim says: "Ahh!"
Dewey says: "I kinda hated it."
Alistair says: "What?!"
Alistair says: "!"
Dewey says: "I didn't understand what was happening or what the bad guy was doing or even who the bad guy was."
Scrooge says: "I knew he needed a moustache!"
Dewey says: "It needs aliens!"
Dewey says: "the streetwise sidekick who skateboards everywhere and talks in catchphrases, like ya Dewey!"
Scrooge says: "This is your main audience."
Scrooge says: "If this fiasco is gonna make money, it has to appeal to the most childish child I know."
Dewey's in charge.
Alistair says: "What?!"
Alistair says: "!"
Alistair says: "No!"
Dewey says: "Yes!"
Dewey says: "Let's talk musical numbers!"
Dewey says: "How many is not enough?"
Just then Jim pushes Alistair's chair aside says: "Jim: Don't listen to these yahoos."
Just then Jim pushes Alistair's chair aside says: "We're making art!"
Just then Jim pushes Alistair's chair aside says: "When do we start?"
Alistair says: "Uh, we're almost finished, actually."
Jim says: "Ah."
Jim says: "So, we're shooting the Darkwing scenes last."
Alistair says: "No."
Jim says: "Of course!"
Jim says: "I'll be put in with CGI!"
Alistair says: "You are not playing Darkwing Duck."
Alistair says: "He is."
Alistair points at Drake Mallord who just enter the room with his drink.
Jim says: "Huh?"
Launchpad says: "You?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Drake says: "Mr."
Drake says: "Starling!"
Drake says: "Uh, we met at the signing."
Drake says: "You fell on me, remember?"
Drake says: "It was a huge honour; Uh, do you have any words of wisdom for the man stepping into your cape?"
This causes Jim to raise his eyebrows. Snapped, Jim pounces onto Drake and beats him off-screen while both Alistair and Scrooge just stares at them.
Cut to outside, Jim is seen being thrown out from the building by a guard while Launchpad checks on him. Launchpad helps him up while Jim adjust himself.
Launchpad says: "That is not the Darkwing Duck I know and love!"
Jim says: "Yeah!"
Jim says: "It's not me!"
Launchpad says: "I wish there was some way we could show them how great the old..."
Jim says: "Original."
Launchpad says: "Uh, original Darkwing is."
Jim says: "Hey, maybe there is."
Jim enters the limousine. He soon comes out wearing a Darkwing Duck costume through the roof.
Jim says: "Are you with me, sidekick?"
Launchpad faints in joy. The scene changes where both Jim and Launchpad are hiding behind the bush while peeking at the entrance security guard.
Launchpad says: "Okay."
Launchpad says: "What's the plan?"
Jim says: "I break onto the set, you find this new hack actor's trailer, lock him up."
Jim says: "I replace him in the finale, they see I'm obviously better, I'm back on top!"
Jim says: "Any questions?"
Launchpad says: "Seven."
Jim says: "Pick the most important one."
Launchpad says: ""Breaking in," "locking up."
Launchpad says: "" Doesn't that sound not heroic?"
Jim says: "When the chips are down and everyone's against him, what does Darkwing Duck do?"
Launchpad says: "Get back up and fight for right."
Jim says: "And I'm Darkwing Duck, right?"
Launchpad says: "Of course!"
Just then a few security guards seem to take away the bush, which turns out to be a fake. Both men move aside.
Jim says: "I'll have to disguise myself to get past the guard."
Jim says: "Luckily, I can disappear into any role."
While the entrance security guard is reading his newspaper, a purple smoke was fired while Jim appears in his courier outfit. However Jim's still wearing his Darkwing Duck costume inside.
Jim says: "I am the courier who delivers your..."
Suddenly, the guard seems to spray his fire extinguisher at him. As he stops, Jim tries to grasp for air but he shots him again before he stops.
Guard says: "What production you delivering to?"
Jim says: "Darkwing Duck."
Guard says: "Huh?"
Guard says: "Never heard of it."
Jim says: "What?!"
Jim says: "!"
Jim says: "Remake of the popular TV show."
While both men are talking, Launchpad drives the limousine tied with bushes slam the entrance again. He then uses his grappling gun and goes over the building. He looks at the Scrooge logo and covers 'Scrooge's' eyes before he enters.
Jim says: "A superhero for the ages?"
Guard says: "Oh!"
Guard says: "Like Gizmoduck."
Jim says: "No!"
Jim says: "Not like Gizmoduck!"
Jim says: "Like Gizmod - Darkwing Duck!"
Jim says: ""Let's get dangerous."
Jim says: "" Badaba!"
Jim says: "holds onto the guard’s shirt Is none of this ringing a bell, seriously?"
Guard says: "uses his walkie talkie Uh, we got a situation."
Guard says: "Requesting backup."
As Launchpad enters, he notices two guards heading towards the entrance, while Launchpad poses, pretending to be the signboard before he moves in. He then tries to sneak inside the trailer, badly, and then climbs up on the trailer to see if Drake's inside through the window. Sadly, the window opens and he falls into it.
Launchpad says: "Perfect."
Launchpad says: "Now, I wait for that phony actor, lock the door, and us, the good guys, win."
Launchpad says: "Totally heroic."
He tries to open the trailer door but...
Launchpad says: "It's already locked."
Launchpad says: "The plan is falling apart."
Launchpad says: "Help!"
Launchpad says: "I'm trapped in a prison of guilt!"
Just then, Drake slams the door, knocking Launchpad from the inside.
Drake says: "Fear not, helpless..."
Drake says: "Oh, hey, it's you..."
Drake says: "I heard your cries, helps Launchpad back up and I freed you from my trailer?"
Drake says: "What… what are you doing in my trailer?"
Launchpad says: "buddy?"
Drake looks pissed and Launchpad makes a goofy smile and shrugs. Drake tries to attack him, but Launchpad catches him and tosses him into the trailer toilet.
Launchpad says: "Aw, man."
Launchpad says: "I'm sorry."
Unfortunately, Drake looks fine, with toilet paper rolls all over him.
Drake says: "You will be, villain!"
Drake attack him with some good shots while Launchpad manages to block it while being pushed by Drake's attacks.
Launchpad says: "I've just gotta fix the movie to make Darkwing look like a hero!"
Drake says: "Oh, so what, you're gonna hold me hostage?"
Drake says: "Yeah."
Drake says: "Real heroic."
Launchpad decides to start punching Drake keeps avoiding him.
Launchpad says: "Sorry!"
Launchpad says: "Sorry!"
Launchpad says: "Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry!"
Lauchpad notice a Darking Duck bottle, grabs it and intends to hit him until...
Drake says: "Wait, don't touch that!"
Launchpad takes a closer look and the fight stops.
Launchpad says: "Whoa!"
Launchpad says: "A vintage Darkwing Duck Grim Avenger Grape Shampoo bottle?!"
Launchpad says: "!"
Launchpad place back the bottle and the fight resumes. Drake attacks him while Launchpad blocks. As soon Launchpad manages to catch him and tries to body slam him near the boxes, Drake quickly place both arms so he won't fall onto it.
Drake says: "Oh!"
Drake says: "My Darkwing Adventures comics!"
Drake says: "It's a complete run!"
Both men move aside as they both fall. Launchpad gets up and he just realizes that Drake's trailer is filled with Darkwing Duck merchandise and posters. He then notices one item besides the table in joy.
Launchpad says: "Is that..."
Launchpad says: "A hyper-rare Battle-Hat Darkwing Duck Action Figure!"
Drake says: "A hyper-rare Battle-Hat Darkwing Duck Action Figure!"
Launchpad says: "I thought these were banned because they posed a blinding hazard for kids!"
Launchpad says: "May I?"
Drake says: "Ah, a keen eye."
Drake says: "I insist."
Launchpad hold it and touches it. The toy shoots its 'weapon' and shot onto Launchpad's right eye.
Launchpad says: "Ow!"
Launchpad says: "Cool!"
Cut to the studio building outside, Jim is being chased by two security guards.
Cut to inside, Scrooge, Alistair and Dewey are still back in the meeting room.
Dewey says: "Gentlemen, thank you for coming to today's presentation."
Dewey force Alistair to wear some sort of purple shirt.
Alistair says: "What is this?"
Dewey says: "Oh, you're in the "Splash Zone."
Alistair says: "Sir, you cannot expect me to hand over the finale of my grim, complex masterpiece to this child."
Scrooge says: "Filmmaking is a team effort!"
Scrooge says: "You've got to be open to new ideas."
Before Alistair gets to eat his popcorn, Dewey claps his board.
Dewey says: "The time: dusk."
Dewey says: "Neon!"
Dewey says: "Drama!"
Dewey says: "Those big lightning tower thingies!"
Dewey says: "An epic showdown between Darkwing Duck and the villainous villain Megavolt!"
Scrooge says: "Question."
Dewey says: ""Who has a moustache?"
Scrooge says: "Question rescinded."
Cut back to Drake's trailer, instead of fighting, it seems both Drake and Launchpad are playing with Drake's toys.
Drake says: "Your pyro-pandemonium is passé, Hot Couture!"
Launchpad says: "Au contraire, Darkwing."
Launchpad says: "I'm setting the fashion world on fire!"
While he's moving the toy around, he accidentally knocks over the cup of water and spills onto a Darkwing Duck lunchbox.
Darke says: "Oh, no!"
Darke says: "Work through the pain."
Darke says: "You got this."
He moves to the lunchbox, picks it up and tries to wipe off the water with his hands.
Launchpad says: "Oops."
Launchpad says: "My bad."
Launchpad says: "Hey, I had that same lunchbox as a kid."
Drake says: "Not like this one."
Drake says: "Now, shocking as it may sound, I was not the coolest kid growing up."
Launchpad says: "What?"
Launchpad says: "No."
Drake says: "I know, right?"
Drake says: "But one day, I saw this show about this hero."
The scene changes like a comic script. The first panel shows young Drake wearing his Darkwing Duck outift, watching TV while eating his cereal. The second panel shows Darkwing Duck being shocked by, Megavolt while his other enemies, Bushroot, Quackerjack and Liquidator watch in amusement.
Drake says: "He was unstoppable."
Drake says: "No matter how many times he was beat up or blown up or electrocuted."
The third panel shows Darkwing Duck in defeat while his nemesis surrounds him. But the fourth panel shows Darkwing Duck beating up his nemesis.
Launchpad says: "No matter how many planes he crashed or… or how much property damage he caused..."
Drake says: "He always got back up and fought for what's right."
The fifth panel shows Young Drake holding his lunchbox and his toy gun. The sixth panel shows him stopped by a big bully, which in the following panel, the bully uses his lunchbox and slams his face.
Launchpad says: "So you got that lunchbox, everyone saw how cool you are, and they stopped beating you up!"
Drake says: "Oh, no."
Drake says: "They… they beat me up much harder."
The next panel shows the bully in joy of his doing, but this causes young drake to knocks him down in the next panel. The final panel shows young Drake's smile while the crowd are happy and laughing at the bully, who was taken down.
Drake says: "But I kept getting up."
The comic scene ends, where Drake looks at the lunchbox, which still has his imprint on it.
Drake says: "Look, I know this movie's not perfect."
Drake says: "But I really want to make it better."
Drake says: "Then, maybe I can be on the lunchbox that inspires some other kid like me."
Drake says: "And a cut of the toy sales would be nice."
Launchpad says: "You are a true fan."
Launchpad says: "We can save this movie!"
Launchpad says: "We gotta tell Mr."
Launchpad says: "Starling."
Drake says: "Yeah, I..."
Drake says: "I don't know."
Drake says: "He kind of wants to make me not alive anymore."
Launchpad says: "Get your cape."
Launchpad says: "We're gonna save Darkwing Duck."
Cut to Jim still running away from the two security guards while he manages to hide behind a pile of woods in the alley. Just then the guards seem to meet each other behind Jim.
Guard 1.
How hard can it be to find an idiot in a purple cape?
Just as the guards were about to go closer to Jim's location...
Dewey says: "Follow me, Darkwing Dance Crew."
Dewey says: "To stardom!"
This gives Jim an idea and quickly blends in with the Darkwing Dance Crew who are walking behind Dewey. The guards take notice and follows him behind the crew.
Dancers says: "One, two, three, and four."
Dancers says: "Up and down and left and right."
Dancers says: "Left and right and up and down."
Dancers says: "Up and down and left and right."
Dancers says: "It's so easy, it's so right."
Dancers says: "Up and down and left and right."
Dancers says: "Up and down and left and right."
The first guard tries to look for Jim inside, but he was taken out.
Dancers says: "Left and right and up and down."
Dancers says: "Up and down and left and right."
As for the second guard, he was knocked out as well with Jim's swift chop from the back. Just as Jim moves the two guards aside, Dewey meets up with Launchpad.
Launchpad says: "Dewey, the actor playing Darkwing is a big fan, so Jim can give him pointers and help make him more heroic, and together, we're going to convince Borswan to fix the movie."
Launchpad says: "Have you seen Jim?"
Dewey says: "He might be on my set!"
Dewey says: "They're letting me do whatever I want, and it's crazy and huge, and I don't even know if it's any good."
Dewey says: "Follow me!"
Launchpad says: "Making movies is fun!"
Dewey says: "Making movies is fun!"
While Dewey and Launchpad's party marches, Jim seems to find a storage room and tries to lock the door since he hid the guards inside. Until...
Drake says: "Mr."
Drake says: "Starling!"
Drake says: "There you are."
Jim notice one of the guard’s arms and he blocks Drake's vision by standing behind it.
Drake says: "I am so sorry about everything."
Drake says: "You helped me through a really rough time."
Drake says: "Your heart is in my lunchbox."
Drake says: "Come work on the movie with me."
Drake says: "Together, we can inspire a new generation and make the best Darkwing Duck ever!"
Drake offers a hand shake to Jim while Jim just stares at it.
Jim says: "Yes..."
Jim says: "I will."
Jim tosses Drake into the storage room. Drake tries to explain while Jim keeps slamming his face using the door.
Drake says: "Ow!"
Drake says: "Oh!"
Drake says: "Why?"
Drake says: "We!"
Drake says: "Fix movie."
Drake says: "Together."
Drake says: "Why?"
Jim says: "Stupid."
Jim says: "Movie star."
Jim says: "Face."
Jim says: "Get."
Jim says: "In!"
Jim finally closes the door after Drake seemingly knocks out.
Jim says: "SHOWTIME!"
Cut to Stage 4, Alistair seems to stop his vehicle and enters the building. Alistair is in shock to see what Dewey has done. A few of the Darkwing Dance Crew are practicing, a Bane-like Megavolt actor is reading his script near the ray gun, a few explosives are seen. As a Darkwing Duck mascot pass by...
Alistair says: "What?!"
Alistair says: "!"
Alistair says: "No, no, no, no, no, no!"
Dewey says: "Easy, Matthew."
Dewey says: "as a piano is seen being pulled up."
Dewey says: "Don't want that baby out of tune for the big musical number."
Alistair says: "What did you do to my psychological masterpiece?"
Dewey says: "I added chainsaw jugglers."
Dewey says: "You're welcome."
A chainsaw juggler passes by as a part of the spotlight falls near their feet.
Scrooge says: "I don't know about this."
Alistair says: "Thank you!"
Scrooge says: "The villain's moustache has to be at least twice as twirly."
Alistair sighs as Jim enters while sitting at the 'Darkwing Duck' actor seat. Until Alistair appears without looking at Jim.
Alistair says: "Listen..."
Alistair says: "Ignore all these distractions."
Alistair says: "Stick to our script."
Alistair says: "Darkwing confronts Megavolt, surrenders, then takes a knee."
Alistair leaves off-screen in anger.
Jim says: "Excuse me!"
Jim says: "I didn't work this hard to make a comeback just to lose a fight to that joker."
Launchpad says: "Oh!"
Launchpad says: "There you are!"
Launchpad says: "Did you find..."
Jim says: "Uh, that actor kid?"
Jim says: "Yeah."
Jim says: "Said I could film the finale."
Launchpad says: "He did?"
Jim says: "Oh, yeah."
Jim says: "Stubbed his toe really badly and just quit."
Jim says: "Movie stars."
Jim says: "One little boo-boo and they fall apart."
He walks away from him while moving to the set, preparing for his scene.
Launchpad says: "That doesn't sound like him."
Launchpad says: "And why are you saying things all..."
Launchpad says: "mean?"
Alistair says: "And action!"
The electric rods begins to start as the scene shows someone resembling Megavolt pointing his electric gun at Jim.
Actor Megavolt says: "You can't defeat me!"
Actor Megavolt says: "I'm awesome!"
Actor Megavolt says: "Surrender and do it now!"
Dewey looks amused while Alistair doesn't seem to be pleased on his lines.
Jim says: "..."
Jim says: "the ability to surrender TO A TWO-BIT, TEN-WATT DIM BULB LIKE YOU!!!"
Alistair says: "Wait."
Alistair says: "Who is that?"
Dewey says: "Why isn't his robot face coming off?"
Jim says: "Feast on this!"
Jim kicks Actor Megavolt, which knocks him towards one of the electric rods, causing parts of the sparks to set fire backstage upon collapse. the Megavolt actor and the cameramen makes a run for it.
Alistair says: "QUICK!"
Alistair says: "Cut!"
Jim says: "NO CUTS!!!"
Jim zaps near Alistair's feet just before Alistair was about to reach to the camera says: "Jim: JIM STARLING NEVER CUTS!!"
Launchpad says: "Huh?"
Jim says: "I'll film this finale if it kills me."
Jim says: "And everyone on this roof!"
Jim points the weapon at Alistair while Launchpad moves in front of Alistair to protect him. Until...
Drake says: "I am the terror that flaps in the night."
A shadowy figure appears above the set.
Drake says: "I am the overstuffed burrito that spills onto the lap of crime."
A purple smoke was fired and after it disappears, Drake shows up, in his new version of Darkwing Duck outfit.
Drake says: "I am… DARKWING DUCK!!!"
Jim says: "NO, I AM!!!"
Jim fires the gun at him while Drake jumps off, landing safely to the ground. He then avoids most Jim's attacks and tries to run away from it. Alistair, on the other hand keeps filming it.
Alistair says: "What is that idiot doing?"
Scrooge says: "Drawing fire."
After a shot, all of the actors quickly make their exit out of the studio.
Scrooge says: "Get everyone out!"
While Drake avoids Jim's shots, Drake manages to hide behind one of the crates while Launchpad's hiding as well. Just then the electric gun malfunctions while Jim keeps smacking at it.
Launchpad says: "We've gotta stop the flames!"
Drake says: "I'll keep him distracted."
Drake says: "You turn on the rain machine."
Drake points up as the camera shows where the rainmaker is.
Launchpad says: "Let's!"
Drake says: "Let's!"
Launchpad says: "Get!"
Drake says: "Get!"
Launchpad says: "Dangerous!"
Drake says: "Dangerous!"
Both looks at each other in joy.
Launchpad says: "This is so cool!"
Drake says: "I know!"
Drake says: "It feels so right!"
However, both takes a deep breath and begins to focus. While both goes to their designated position, Jim manages to plug it back, powering up the electric gun once again. Launchpad on the other hand heads upstairs and tries to crawl over to the rainmaker.
Drake says: "Ha-ha!"
Jim says: "What?!"
Jim says: "!"
Jim says: "I knocked you out cold."
Jim says: "Like, a lot!"
Drake says: "I don't want to brag, but I'm incredibly strong and resilient."
Jim looks at where he was standing and notice it's a crate full of explosives. Jim evilly smiles on realizing it.
Jim says: "Oh, really?"
Jim zaps at it and it causes to explode along with Drake.
Launchpad says: "Darkwing!"
Dewey says: "No!"
Jim evilly laughs in his attacks, but Drake seems to be fine... only to be covered in smoke.
Jim says: "Uh, what?"
Drake falls onto the floor. He then tries to get up.
Drake says: "Get..."
Drake says: "back..."
Drake says: "up."
Jim looks at the piano and shoots the string, causing it to fall onto Drake when Drake runs towards him.
Launchpad says: "Darkwing!"
Dewey says: "No!"
But Drake seems to be alright, while a couple of piano keys falls off from his mouth. He shrugs himself and regain his senses, running towards Jim.
Jim says: "WHY WON'T YOU STAY DOWN!!!!"
Jim says: "?"
Jim keeps shooting him while Drake keeps getting shocked. However, Drake keeps moving forward, while the electric gun seems to be overheating.
Drake says: "resisting Keep..."
Drake says: "getting..."
Drake says: "up..."
Jim notices that the gun's gonna blow and moves away before it explodes. Soon both Darkwing Duck actors confront each other face to face as they begin to fight, while Launchpad begins to move forward to start the rainmaker.
Dewey says: "Uncle Scrooge, stop the bad guy!"
Scrooge says: "Which is the bad guy?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge says: "If only one had a blasted moustache!"
Both seems to be equally matched as they use any tactics they could use to take down the other. Just then Launchpad finally reaches the rainmaker and starts it. However, he pushes too hard until the water pushes him out of the railing he's been holding. While Drake's happy that the rainmaker has started and the fire on the set has been put out... suddenly Jim holds a chainsaw with his crazy eyes look.
Jim says: "Aah!"
Jim says: "Show's over, Dead Meat Duck."
Just then Launchpad falls between them and the electric rod.
Launchpad says: "STOP!"
Launchpad says: "You're not a villain."
Launchpad says: "You're a hero."
Launchpad says: "Our hero."
Launchpad says: "No matter how hopeless things got, Darkwing Duck got back up and did what was right."
Launchpad says: "For Darkwing Duck is bigger than one man."
Launchpad says: "He is the hope that flaps in the night..."
Scrooge says: "This may be the most eloquent Launchpad has ever been."
Scrooge says: ":: Dewey: He knows a lot about this one thing."
Launchpad says: ".."
Launchpad says: "But he is light."
Launchpad says: "Just."
Launchpad says: "And the most tenacious part of all good men..."
Suddenly both Jim and Drake notice that the electric rod behind him is malfunctioning.
Drake says: "Um, Launchpad?"
Launchpad says: "..."
Launchpad says: "Inspiring the citizenry to rise to a new Promethean..."
Jim says: "You really can't stop him once he gets started."
Drake says: "Well, yeah."
Drake says: "He's your biggest fan."
Jim soon realizes it and look at himself on the chainsaw's reflection, thinking on what he has done. He then drops the chainsaw.
Launchpad says: ":..."
Launchpad says: "one who subjugates his will."
Launchpad says: "To the will of the common good."
Launchpad says: "A daring duck of mystery."
Launchpad says: "A champion of right."
Launchpad says: "Who is the cunning mind behind that shadowy disguise?"
Drake stands up on his feet and run towards Launchpad, followed by Jim.
Drake says: "I got ya!"
Jim says: "No, I got him!"
Drake tries to push Launchpad but Jim knocks both men aside. The electric rod begins to malfunction. Jim turns around in horror as it explodes. Both Drake and Launchpad are in shock as Drake falls onto his knees. Soon, firefighters begin to put out the fire while taking parts of the rubble away. Alistair and Dewey too try to move parts of the rubble away.
Alistair says: "That was the perfect end!"
Alistair says: "A hero grappling with his dark id."
Alistair says: "In a cleansing rain!"
Just then Alistair finds a USB drive.
Alistair says: "Here's the footage."
Alistair pushes the monitor near Scrooge and decides to play it using the USB drive he found. Dewey looks amazed on it. The scene shows a footage of Drake avoiding Jim's attack when the scene changes to Dewey dancing behind the green screen.
Alistair says: "No!"
Alistair says: "Over the entire fight?"
Dewey says: "It's my masterpiece."
Scrooge says: "Well, this was a disaster."
Scrooge says: "I'm shutting this down."
Scrooge says: "There will never be a Darkwing Duck movie."
Scrooge walks away while Drake and Launchpad are forlorn by the chaos that has just occured.
Drake says: "Well, there's still no sign of Starling."
Drake says: "The movie's ruined, I lost my big break, my hero tried to kill me, and, oh… I blew him up."
Drake says: "Oh, what am I gonna do now?"
Launchpad says: "What Darkwing Duck always does: 'Get back up."
Launchpad says: "' You know, you could do this for real."
Drake says: "What?"
Drake says: "Be a superhero?"
Drake says: "I mean sure, I'm scrappy, I'm brave, I look great in a cape."
Launchpad says: "Gizmoduck does it."
Drake says: "I am better than Gizmoduck."
Launchpad says: "It's one thing to play a hero."
Launchpad says: "And it's another thing to actually be a hero."
Launchpad says: "Do it for Jim."
Drake says: "I don't know..."
Drake says: "I This whole thing sounds like it could get..."
Launchpad says: "Dangerous?"
Drake looks in realization as he put back on his Darkwing Duck hat.
Launchpad says: "You already got one fan."
Launchpad holds a Darkwing Duck poster and pass him a pen. He did as he signs an autograph, revealing his name 'Drake Mallard'.
Launchpad says: ""Drake Mallard."
Launchpad says: "" Never heard of ya."
The scene changes where part of Jim's costume was covered in water. However, by closer inspection, it turns out that it's actually purple colour water, which begins to dilute as it flows down into the drain. However, beneath the drain, it seems that Jim is alive, standing alone in the sewers, his back to the camera while his costume is still diluting a trail of purple water.
Jim says: "It was all a setup."
Jim says: "That hack put my fan in danger to steal the glory and humiliate me."
Jim says: "They want grim and gritty, huh?"
Jim says: "Happy to play the part."
Jim turns around, revealing his red hat and a yellow and black outfit; appearing as Negaduck before doing his evil laughter.