The episode begins with Huey talking, while we see a drawing of Mervana.
Huey says: "Mervana: A shining civilization until its people disappeared into the sea, never be found again."
Huey says: "Until now!"
Huey says: "Solving the clues of Isabella Finch's journal, we'll finally be able to find one of her legendary missing mysteries: The Lost Harp of Mervana!"
Dewey says: "Doesn't Uncle Scrooge usually make the long-winded treasure speeches?"
Scrooge says: "Long-winded?"
Webby says: "I like 'em!"
Dewey says: "We know, ah we know."
Scrooge says: "This is Huey's quest."
Scrooge says: "We're all here to support him."
Scrooge says: "Yeah, go ahead, lad..."
Huey clearing his voice and is about to begin to talk.
Scrooge says: "..."
Scrooge says: "but ah lad, when the Mervanians disappeared into the sea the priceless harp of Mervana disappeared as well."
Huey says: "How did the Mervanians survive under the sea, you ask."
Huey says: "well, Mervana was home to a mystical race of..."
Scrooge says: "..."
Scrooge says: "half-man half-fish creatures."
Scrooge says: "Their legs could turn to fins under water..."
Huey says: "..."
Huey says: "allowing them to live..."
Scrooge says: "..."
Huey says: "..."
Scrooge says: "by both land and sea!"
Huey says: "by both land and sea!"
Huey says: "We find the Mervanians, document the harp in Finch's journal, and the missing mystery will no longer be missing!"
Louie says: "Cool, now there's two people putting us in constant danger."
Webby says: "Half-person, half-fish, do you know what that is?"
Della says: "Disgusting!"
Beakley says: "Still afraid of sea life, I take it?"
Della says: "I'm not afraid of fish, I'm just not a fan of anything made of fish parts!"
Della says: "Slimy, wall-eyed, unnatural..."
Donald says: "Hey!"
Donald says: "Turn around!"
Louie says: "Yeah, I can't wait to find a bunch of lost undersea monsters who definitely won't have a dark secret that almost gets us killed."
Webby says: "Why do you always assume the worst?"
Louie says: "Because I have a running tally of the number of times each of us has been offered as a sacrifice."
Dewey says: "Dewey's on top!"
Beakley says: "You could learn from her, Louie."
Beakley says: "I applaud Webby's positivity."
Webby says: "Aww, thanks, Granny."
Louie says: "Doh, please!"
Webby says: "--MERMAIDS!!!"
Everyone oohs and ahhs.
Scrooge says: "Ah've never seen anything more beautiful in all my life."
Intercom says: "ARMING TORPEDOES: All: Della, NO!"
Cut to opening.
Webby says: "Hi, I'm Webby."
Aletheia says: "I am Aletheia."
Aletheia says: "It means truth."
Vero says: "I am Vero."
Vero says: "It also means truth."
Webby says: "So, speaking as a mermaid, What's it like to achieve my dream?"
Aletheia says: "Breathe in and breathe out all your worries, my child."
Aletheia says: "Here in Mervana, we are free of all suffering."
Scrooge says: "Yeah, phewww, nonsense."
Scrooge says: "Suffering builds character, right Donald?"
Scrooge says: "See, he's full of character."
Dewey says: "You sure you don't want to come to this undersea adventure, Mom?"
Della says: "I'm good here, honey."
Della says: "Away from the fiUUUHHH fiUUUHHH-- Aw, I can't even say it."
Webby says: "Whoh, look at this stuff."
Webby says: "Isn't it neat?"
Webby says: "Ah!"
Aletheia says: "In Mervana, we believe in finding your personal truth."
Scrooge says: "Uhgh."
Vero says: "But you must be self reliant and find it on your own."
Scrooge says: "Oh!"
Aletheia says: "Once found, we give up all material possessions to live in peaceful harmony under the sea."
Scrooge says: "Uhgh."
Aletheia says: "Welcome to Mervana."
Vero says: "Welcome to Mervana."
Aletheia says: "Many generations ago, our ancestors spent their time equally between the land and the sea."
Vero says: "Until our enlightened leader, King Honestus brought our people down here to escape the troubles of the land."
Louie says: "Right, and uh what happened to him?"
Aletheia says: "One day he left to find his own truth and never returned."
Aletheia says: "It's said he became one with the ocean."
Vero says: "We honor him by living our truth in the hopes that he shall return."
Aletheia says: "And those that are worthy can learn all the secrets of Mervana."
Louie says: "Something's fishy here."
Huey says: "So if we prove ourselves worthy, will we learn the secrets of the harp?"
Donald says: "Anything you seek can be found here."
Donald says: "Phooey!"
Vero says: "Yes, wonderful."
Vero says: "Honesty is the first step to living truthfully."
Aletheia says: "You are on the right path."
Vero says: "I'll ready the drum circle!"
Scrooge says: "I hate this."
Louie breaks from the group to look at some markings.
Webby says: "Wow!"
Webby says: "A laid back society where everything is free."
Webby says: "This place is perfect for you."
Louie says: "It's TOO perfect."
Webby says: "Ugh, this again?"
Louie says: "The king has a priceless harp."
Louie says: "He mysteriously disappears and a bunch of monsters..."
Webby says: "Mermaids."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "who worship him, claim they never heard of the harp and set up what is clearly a sacrificial platform to feed him?"
Webby says: "Oh come on, he's..."
Webby says: "smiling."
Louie says: "It's a trap, and take it down a notch, Beakley."
Beakley says: "I was just trying to drown out your nonsense, these hippies are harmless."
Beakley says: "I ought to know."
Beakley says: "I did some undercover work back in the sixties."
Beakley says: "Operation Flower-power was..."
Beakley says: "groovy."
Webby says: "See?"
Webby says: "If even Granny isn't worried, we're fine."
Louie shows Webby the ominous markings.
Louie says: "They're hiding something, and I'm going to find that harp so that we can get out of here before we all get sacrificed by those mer-murderers."
Vero says: "It's time to make your ceremonial fins for arts and crafts hour."
Dewey says: "Dibs on all the blue markers!"
Huey says: "Come on, Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "If we prove ourselves worthy, the mervanans will share their secrets with us  ahem, get into the spirit."
Scrooge says: "Fine, Lad."
Scrooge says: "I'm done."
Scrooge says: "Look, here's a heart, a rainbow, and a fluffy doggy playing a harp."
Scrooge says: "Speaking of such, where's yours?"
Aletheia says: "This is not your truth."
Scrooge says: "Ughhhh."
Aletheia says: "Also, please don't throw toxic markers in our waters."
Scrooge says: "They're your markers!"
Aletheia says: "Nuh uh, they're ALL our markers."
Scrooge says: "Ughhhhh..."
Webby says: "For the record, I'm only coming along to prove the merpeople aren't liars and that Honestus cared about his kingdom."
Off-screen voice says: "No, no, no, King Honestus is fibbing, fibbing, fibbing."
Louie says: "Hah, see?"
Louie says: "Mysterious voice in the darkness gets it."
Louie says: "There's something very wrong happening here."
Louie says: "Follow that creepy song!"
Webby says: "Ahh, see?"
Webby says: "This isn't a scary, dark cave of secrets."
Webby says: "It's a beautiful castle made of coral and shells..."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "and the bones of the last people to come to Mervana."
Giant sea monster emerges and roars.
Louie says: "And we're next!"
Louie and Webby screams.
Louie says: "I told you this was a trap."
Webby says: "Oh no no no no, this is a chase, not a trap."
Webby and Louie get cornered.
Webby says: "Okay, this is technically a dead end."
Webby says: "Again, not a trap."
Beakley lassos them and lifts them up out of harm's way.
Louie says: "I've never been happier to see an adult."
Webby says: "Granny, what are you doing here?"
Louie says: "Same thing we are: snooping."
Beakley says: "No, I was just..."
Beakley says: "meditating."
Louie says: "About how these people are obviously hiding something?"
Webby says: "Okay, let's be positive here."
Webby says: "Maybe the noble mervanans think they're telling the truth and they just don't know."
Beakley says: "Yes, Webby, I'm sure that's it."
Beakley says: "This is all some wacky mix-up."
Beakley says: "We'll sort it out."
Beakley says: "Lead the way."
Beakley says: "Something is going on here but we can't tell Webby until we know what."
Beakley says: "That girl believes the best in people especially merpeople."
Beakley says: "If she finds out they're lying she'll be devastated."
Louie says: "And if she doesn't, she'll be fish food."
Beakley says: "Her optimism is her strength."
Louie says: "You can't hide the truth from her."
Beakley says: "I kept her in a mansion for a decade."
Beakley says: "That worked out pretty well."
Louie says: "What are you whispering about?"
Beakley and Louie speak simultaneously.
Beakley says: "That we love you darling."
Louie says: "The plan."
Louie says: "I mean we love you."
Webby says: "Aww you guys, I love you too."
Aletheia says: "Ahh, we may have just met, but this, Donald Duck, is your soul."
Donald says: "Namaste."
Dewey says: "I'm gonna go show these sweet racing fins off to Mom, and prove to her that fish can be awesome."
Dewey says: "Back in a flash, a flash, man, these are hard to get around in,  and off I go."
Webby says: "I think the voice was coming from up here."
Louie says: "Uhh, stairs."
Della says: "No!!"
Della says: "This is ridiculous."
Della says: "I should be out there with my family."
Dewey says: "Mom, Look at my super cool fins!"
Della says: "I have no family."
Aletheia says: "Life is a journey, not a destination."
Vero says: "You are all worthy of the truth of Mervana, except you."
Scrooge says: "What?"
Aletheia says: "Your negative and judgemental attitude is exactly what's stopping you from finding your inner truth."
Scrooge says: "I don't want inner truth."
Scrooge says: "I want outer harp."
Aletheia says: "Until you all achieve your truth, you will not find the knowledge you seek."
Aletheia says: "Scrooge, back to the arts and crafts section."
Louie says: "Uh, how come these temples never have escalators?"
After climbing the stairs.
Louie says: "Uh, those stairs were a mess."
Harp says: "I offer."
Webby says: "Part harp, part lady, part mermaid?"
Webby says: "This is the most amazing whole thing I ever seen."
Harp says: "Aw, thank you."
Harp says: "Correct!"
Webby says: "Could you please tell Louie, here, that there is nothing sinister happening below the water?"
Harp says: "Oh bless your heart, but no."
Harp says: "I can't do that as that would be a lie, and I only tell the truth: a thing the merpeople used to value."
Beakley says: "So could you tell us the truth about what happened here?"
Harp says: "Ahem, mi-mi-mi-mi-mi..."
Honestus says: "What's that?"
Honestus says: "I'm listening to bummer news, bae."
Until the day I told my sleeping master,Hoarding from the truth has led to disaster,But he rolled is eyes and shook his head,.
Honestus says: "Eh whatever brah, I'm going to find my own truth instead."
The merpeople needed a leader, but he thought it was better to flee,So he ran from his kingdom, the truth, and me,He left me in this tower truth far from his ears,That night they became gills after all these years.For the longer the merpeople stay under the sea,The more monstrous their bodies grow to be.
Louie says: "Wait, the sea serpent we saw before was actually..."
Beakley says: "King Honestus himself."
Harp says: "Correct!"
Beakley says: "So you have no idea if the merpeople are going to feed us all to their monster king."
Harp says: "No clue."
Louie says: "But they definitely are."
Webby says: "Granny, you don't think that's true, do you?"
Beakley says: "Of course not, dear."
Harp says: "She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing."
Beakley says: "That is to say even if they did know, I believe there's a little good in everyone."
Harp says: "She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing."
Beakley says: "I believe people are trying to be good."
Harp says: "She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing."
Beakley says: "What do you want me to say?"
Beakley says: "That people often lie?"
Beakley says: "That I don't think you should trust anyone, especially not a pack of mer-murder-maids?"
Beakley says: "That I lie to my granddaughter?"
Harp nods meekly.
Webby says: "Granny?"
Webby says: "You lie to me?"
Beakley says: "Webby, dear, I don't want to lie."
Beakley says: "I just want to protect you from the hard truth that in this world, not everyone means well."
Harp says: "Sorry, but  Correct!"
Louie says: "We got to get the harp down to the mervanans so we can find out the truth or we're all going to die."
Harp says: "Correct!"
Louie says: "Oh man."
Aletheia says: "You may be outsiders, but your inner light shines bright among our truth."
Vero says: "Soon it will be the time for the sacrifice..."
Vero says: "of all of your worries."
Huey says: "Ultimate knowledge?"
Huey says: "A woodchuck's dream."
Scrooge says: "I was wrong."
Scrooge says: "So wrong."
Scrooge says: "Please give me another chance to live truthfully."
Vero says: "Scrooge McDuck, are your ready to embrace the oneness of the many?"
Scrooge says: "Yeah, that would be totally righteous."
Aletheia says: "Are you prepared to seek the truth within?"
Scrooge says: "Hmm peace and love, follow your bliss."
Vero says: "Are you willing to give up all of your worldly possessions?"
Scrooge says: "Hmm, sure you can have my money..."
Scrooge says: "when you pry it from my cold, dead hands!"
Scrooge says: "I can't just ignore the hard work of the world for some far-out, touchy-feely love fest, dude."
Vero says: "Thank you, that is your truth."
Aletheia says: "Welcome home, fellow mervanans."
Scrooge says: "What, hey, yes, fine, well, good for me, now where is that harp?"
Vero says: "We do not know, but one day Honestus will return and he will reveal all the secrets of Mervana."
Huey says: "Could that one day be today or later today?"
Vero says: "Time is a construct."
Della says: "C'mon, you're Della Duck."
Della says: "You can handle some fish for your family."
Della says: "Oh I said "fish" without gagging."
Della says: "Oh I said it again."
Louie says: "Gotta get harp down, gotta save family, possibly sell harp later."
Harp says: "Hey!"
Beakley says: "I'll handle this."
Beakley says: "You two go ahead and warn the family about Honestus."
Louie says: "Let's go Webby."
Louie says: "Let's go Webby."
Harp says: "Oh, you're very strong."
Beakley says: "Correct."
Louie says: "C'mon Webbs I need you to run."
Webby says: "Oh why?"
Webby says: "So we can continue to get by in a cold, dark world where mermaids and grandmas are liars, and good people don't exist?"
Webby says: "oh boy."
Louie says: "Is that what I sound like?"
Louie says: "oh boy."
Louie arrives at the entrance with Webby in tow.
Louie says: "The king is coming!"
All cheer.
Louie says: "Don't cheer, we have to get away before they feed us to their monster king!"
Aletheia says: "We would never!"
Vero says: "Yah, we're vegan."
Sea monster appears and causes havoc.
Scrooge says: "Alright you serpentine sovereign, now where is the harp?"
Harp says: "Right here!"
Huey says: "I have so many questions."
Harp says: "Correct!"
Scrooge says: "Ah, I canna' get out of these fins."
Harp says: "Also correct."
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald, it's time to use that famous anger of yours and save us."
Donald says: "Peace and love."
Dewey says: "Aw man, uh, you know your famous chili we say we love?"
Dewey says: "It's just okay."
Vero says: "Our king returned and then he tried to eat us."
Aletheia says: "Our ideal world was a lie."
Webby says: "Join the club lady, we should all face the real truth that everything is terrible."
Louie says: "Hey, your ideal world is still possible."
Aletheia says: "Our ideal world led to a monster."
Webby says: "We're all monsters on the inside."
Vero says: "We are?"
Vero says: "Get it out of me!"
Louie says: "Stop!"
Louie says: "The king turned himself into a monster, but you're not him."
Louie says: "You built a society based on truth, and the truth is you don't need Mervana to be good because Mervana isn't a place."
Louie says: "It's, oh boy, it's in your heart."
Webby says: "Do you actually believe that, or is it just another con?"
Louie says: "Somebody once told me you have to look for the best in people and not assume the worst."
Webby says: "That was me."
Webby says: "Alright we need your inner truth to move from your hearts to your fists!"
Scrooge says: "Where are those feckless flower children when you need them?"
Aletheia says: "Your life lacks balance!"
Vero says: "Welcome to Mervana!"
Fight continues and monster roars.
Harp says: "What?"
Harp says: "He asked, and I had to answer with the truth."
Harp says: "You know this!"
Scrooge says: "We have to get out of here now."
Huey says: "Nowhere in the ocean is safe."
Louie says: "We got to jump out of this window and swim to the beach."
Dewey says: "Enough already."
Vero says: "Quick get on."
Everyone narrowly escapes and reaches the beach. Merpeople's tails turn to legs and promptly flop around.
Vero says: "New to the whole leg thing."
Sea monster reaches the beach.
Dewey says: "Ahh why does he look like that?"
Webby says: "He stayed under for too long."
Della says: "Time to send this fish back to school!"
Della says: "I did it!"
Della says: "I touched a gross fish!"
Della says: "Uhh, I touched a fish!"
Sea monster reverts to King Honestus.
Honestus says: "No, it's too hard on land!"
Harp says: "You can't keep escaping your problems."
Harp says: "The only way to fix your fallen kingdom is to put in the hard work."
Honestus says: "But I don't wanna, please don't put me in charge anymore, seriously dude, it's so hard, I hated it."
Aletheia says: "Our society doesn't believe in labels like leader."
Vero says: "You don't have to do all the chores alone, brother."
Vero says: "We'll all work together to rebuild Mervana."
Aletheia says: "And first we shall all conquer walking."
Harp says: "That is definitely going to collapse."
Vero says: "She's kind of harshing my vibe."
Beakley says: "She's not telling you hard truths to discourage you but to help you succeed."
Beakley says: "Maybe we should have a little faith in the truth."
Webby says: "Your world isn't perfect..."
Louie says: "..."
Louie says: "but it isn't all bad either."
Webby says: "It's all about balance."
Huey says: "Lost truth-telling harp: found."
Louie says: "And it's finally where it belongs."
Scrooge says: "Telling shiftless hippies to work hard and get a job?"
Scrooge says: "A harp after my own heart."
Webby says: "Hah, we don't need it anyway cause we're always honest with each other."
Webby says: "Right Granny?"
Beakley says: "I'm your grandmother, dear."
Beakley says: "I have no secrets from you from here on out."
Harp says: "She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing."