Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode starts on a dark landscape somewhere in Scotland."
Episode Info says: "Launchpad driving the jeep with his feet while looking at a map."
Episode Info says: "Scrooge snatches the map away with his cane."
Launchpad says: "Huh!"
Scrooge says: "Remember lads."
Scrooge says: "No sudden movements, no eye contact, and if you're cornered, the heartless heathens will give you no quarter."
Louie says: "This does not sound like a fun trip."
Huey says: "Misty moors, vague warnings, sneaking out behind Uncle Donald's back."
Huey says: "Can you please just tell us where we're going?"
Scrooge says: "The less you know the better."
Huey and Louie make eye contact, before slumping back in their seats. On the other side of the jeep, Dewey watches the Sphere show images of Della, of her lashing Storkules on the butt with her scarf and a close up on Della's face.
Webby says: "Ha, that's a good one."
Dewey says: "Aha!"
Dewey says: "How long have you been there watching me?"
Webby says: "25, 30 minutes."
Webby says: "You still haven't told your brothers what we found out about your mom?"
Dewey says: "Tell them what exactly?"
Dewey says: "She took the Spear of Selene?"
Dewey says: "We have no idea what that means."
Dewey says: "We don't even know what it looks like."
Dewey says: "Why get them in a panic when this could all be a dead end?"
Webby says: "Because..."
Webby says: "honesty?"
Dewey says: "Mmm."
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Dewey says: "Mm hmm."
Webby says: "Why do you always do that?"
Dewey says: "Do what?"
Webby says: "Whenever you want to ignore something, you stare into the distance and pretend you're thinking."
Dewey says: "I'm trying to protect my brothers from finding out something that could upset them."
Webby says: "And keeping an earth-shattering secret from them that could destroy your brotherhood wouldn't upset them?"
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Webby sighs and the car lurches to a stop.
Launchpad says: "Found it."
Scrooge says: "Launchpad, hide the jeep in the moors."
Scrooge says: "Every five years, the mists of Dismal Downs part enough to reveal the home of the lost treasure of the Knights Templar."
Scrooge says: "Brace yourselves, kids."
Scrooge says: "Primordial menace lurks here, the most treacherous terror I've ever faced."
Fergus says: "Oi!"
Fergus says: "Jettison that jalopy for my drive way this instant, you deadbeat!"
Scrooge says: "Daddy."
Scrooge says: "Mummy."
Intro plays.
Downy says: "Scroogie!"
Fergus says: "Son."
Louie says: "Nope, I'm fine."
Louie says: "Thank you, though!"
As Louie also evades her, Downy turns back to the rest of the group.
Downy says: "Welcome, all of you, to Castle McDuck!"
Huey helps Scrooge up off the ground.
Huey says: "Your parents are alive!"
Huey says: "?"
Louie says: "I can't believe you're still alive."
Fergus says: "He put a curse on us."
Scrooge says: "That is not fair!"
Scrooge says: "I very kindly rebuilt our ancestral castle for them, and I may have used some discount mystical druid stones that accidentally granted them immortality."
Scrooge says: "I didn't know it would buy me as eternity's worth of criticism."
Fergus says: "So, he admits he wants to be rid of us."
Scrooge says: "Gah!"
Scrooge says: "Would you rather I'd let you pass or made you immortal?"
Fergus says: "Neither is satisfactory."
Fergus says: "A thoughtful son would know that."
Scrooge growls says: "Dewey: So this is the actual home of Clan McDuck?"
Downy says: "Indeed, child."
Downy says: "Within these walls lies the secrets, and the mystery of all your ancestors."
Dewey says: "Webby, there's gotta be something about my mom here."
Webby says: "'Everything McDuck, mysteries, secrets untold."
Webby says: "Oooh weee!"
Dewey says: "Uh oh, she's having a joy overload!"
Back at the entrance of Castle McDuck, Fergus and Scrooge are having a stare down. Both of them growl as Downy walks and looks Fergus. The camera cuts into Fergus as Fergus growls angrily. Downy looks at Scrooge, whom also growling angrily. Downy smiles. The scene dissolves to a shot in the dining room of Castle McDuck. Fergus and Scrooge are still having a stare down and growling angrily at each other.
Scrooge says: "Yeah, thanks Mummy."
Fergus says: "Oh, so, Scrooge mentioned Simon's treasure but didn't mention his dear old parents."
Dewey says: "Simon?"
Scrooge says: "Simon McDuck was the accountant to the legendary Knights Templar."
Scrooge says: "He hid their treasure somewhere in this castle."
Fergus says: "Typical Scrooge, only coming around looking for a handout."
Scrooge laughs weakly, and ushers the ducklings away from the table.
Cut to the hallways of Castle McDuck which are covered in portraits.
Dewey says: "So, uhh, this place has info on all of our relatives?"
Downy says: "Oh, aye."
Downy says: "There is Fergus' father "Dirty" Dingus McDuck."
Downy says: "Sir Swamphole McDuck was obsessed with hording treasure."
Downy says: "So he built a mysterious series of tunnels under the castle to keep the family fortune."
Downy says: "Some say he summoned a demon dog to stalk the catacombs."
Downy says: "Oh and look here, little Scroogey and Whiskers!"
Downy says: "Little Scroogie always want a dog but we were too poor."
Downy says: "So we all pitched in to buy a clump of hair from the local barber."
Downy says: "Ohh, how Scroogie loved his Whiskers!"
Fergus says: "Hey, who ended up having to walk him and feed him?"
Scrooge says: "It was a ball of hair!"
Fergus says: "How dare you talk about Whiskers like that?!"
Fergus says: "!"
Fergus says: "He was family!"
Scrooge says: "Curse me kilts!"
Fergus says: "Don't you curse in front of your mother!"
Scrooge says: "I'm not a child anymore!"
Fergus says: "Then stop acting like one!"
Scrooge drags over a table.
Scrooge says: "Arm wrestling match!"
Scrooge says: "You and me, right now!"
Fergus cracks his hands.
Cut to Downy opening a door to a bedroom followed by Scrooge says: "Downy: Fergus didn't mean anything by that headlock, Scroogie,  you know family means everything to him."
who has his coat pulled over his head says: "Downy: Fergus didn't mean anything by that headlock, Scroogie,  you know family means everything to him."
Webby says: "Downy: Fergus didn't mean anything by that headlock, Scroogie,  you know family means everything to him."
Webby takes in the room, racing around to look at portraits.
Webby says: "Oh, young Scrooge, brooding teenage Scrooge,  baby Scrooge!"
Downy says: "See you at dinner!"
Scrooge says: "Hmm..."
Scrooge says: "If it's family Daddy wants, then it's family he'll get."
Scrooge says: "That'll prove I'm worthy."
Scrooge says: "Steel yourself, Webby!"
Scrooge says: "We are gonna have a pleasant family dinner."
Back at the gallery says: "Louie: Oh!"
Huey says: "Louie: Oh!"
Dewey says: "Louie: Oh!"
Louie are laughing at Donald's picture says: "Louie: Oh!"
Back at the gallery says: "So good."
Huey says: "So good."
Dewey says: "So good."
Louie are laughing at Donald's picture says: "So good."
Huey says: "Uncle Donald?"
The picture falls off the wall. Huey, Dewey, and Louie stop laughing, looking at the back of the picture and see a note.
Huey says: "What?"
Dewey says: ""If borrowed crown is what you seek then venture below and follow your beak."
Dewey says: "" Huh, crown."
Huey says: "Like a king's crown?"
Louie says: "Or crown like oldsy, timesy money."
Louie says: "This could lead to the Knight's Templar treasure!"
Huey says: ""To ensure the arrow miss it's mark, put a diddy on an arc."
Downy says: "Boys!"
Dewey says: "Stall her, I'll fix the painting."
Huey and Louie run up to Downy.
Louie says: "The cold castle air made Huey's face numb, I don't suppose you'd want to pinch his cheeks?"
Huey looks terrified, Downy looks delighted.
Dewey says: "This is mom's handwriting."
Dewey says: "This riddle could be the key to finding her."
Dewey says: "I got to solve it before they do to make sure it's nothing bad."
Huey and Louie return. Huey has red cheek marks.
Huey says: "Alright, let's solve the mystery!"
Dewey says: "Just because there's a weird riddle in a mystical castle doesn't mean there's a mystery."
Louie says: "I see what you're doing."
Dewey says: "You do?"
Louie says: "Trying to get the jump on us?"
Louie says: "Grab the treasure for yourself?"
Louie says: "You're hiding something aren't you?"
Dewey says: "Mmm."
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Dewey says: "Mm-hmm."
Dewey says: "Mm hmm."
Huey says: "C'mon!"
Huey says: "We're in this together."
Huey says: "The Duck Boys solving a huge family secret."
Dewey says: "Oh, uhh..."
Dewey says: "Race you!"
Huey and Louie chase after Dewey, Huey slides to a stop in front of Murdock's longbow.
Huey says: "Pluck a diddy on an arc..."
Huey says: "Murdock's longbow!"
Huey says: "Dewey!"
Huey says: "You passed the first clue!"
Dewey says: "Huh?"
Dewey says: "I knew that."
A part of the wall slides open.
Huey says: "First chair cello, Junior Woodchuck Philharmonic Orchestra."
The triplets look into the tunnel, torches light up.
Dewey says: "It's too narrow for three of us."
Dewey says: "Oh, bummer!"
The tunnel door closes, a dog foot appears then glowing green eyes with a dog growl.
Huey says: "This must be one of Swamphole's crazy tunnels!"
Dewey says: "Guys, this could be dangerous, or boring."
Dewey says: "You should totally go back."
Dewey says: "It's not really worth the risk."
Louie says: "That is the least Dewey thing you've ever said."
The triplets continue down the passage and the camera cuts back to the dining room.
Scrooge says: "This is great, Mummy."
Scrooge says: "Family sitting, sharing a hot kidney pie."
Scrooge says: "Uh, these are the kind of values I'd try to instill in my own family."
Scrooge says: "Warm memories, togetherness..."
Fergus says: "And where are the boys?"
Scrooge says: "Oh, probably off being supportive of each other."
Cuts back to the triplets who are pushing and shoving.
Louie says: "Stop it!"
Louie says: "Get off me!"
Cuts back to the dining room.
Scrooge says: "Well, Webby, here, is one of the most articulate young lassies,  and she's not here..."
Cuts to the library of Castle McDuck says: "Webby: I..."
Cuts to the library of Castle McDuck says: "uh..."
Cuts back the to dining room, where Webby can be heard.
Fergus says: "Aye, you're a real family man, aren't you?"
Scrooge says: "I will have you know..."
Scrooge says: "Ring ring!"
Scrooge says: "Ooh!"
Scrooge says: "Hey, hello!"
Scrooge says: "What?"
Scrooge says: "You're here?"
Scrooge says: "At Dismal Downs?"
Scrooge says: "Huh!"
Scrooge says: "What a surprise!"
Scrooge says: "Of course!"
Scrooge says: "I'll be right out."
Cuts back the entrance of the castle, where Scrooge is sneaking out. Cuts back into the dining room, where Scrooge's feet are shown and covered with mud. The camera zooms out, showing Launchpad, disguised as Donald and Scrooge smiling.
Scrooge says: "Mummy, Daddy, say hello to your great nephew and my beloved ward: Donald!"
Downy and Fergus blink.
Cuts back to the triplets as they continue through the tunnels including sliding openings, rats in old cells.
Dewey says: "Oh man!"
Dewey says: "How we're gonna find one gold key in all this?"
Dewey says: "Well good try everyone, you should head back, way to go."
Louie says: "."
Louie says: "Real gold weighs more than fool's gold, you search the bottom of the pile."
Louie says: "You know, check the luster and the karat quality and boom, pure golden key."
Huey and Dewey stare at him.
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "You like nerd stuff, I like gold."
Louie says: "Come on."
Huey and Louie enter first. Dewey pauses behind.
Dewey says: "How am I supposed to protect them from the truth if they keep helping me find it?"
Cuts back to the dining room, Fergus is disgusted how "Donald" eats. "Donald" eats food as Downy gives more.
Fergus says: "You look at now little..."
Fergus says: "beefier, Donald."
Downy says: "Eating a lot these days, are you?"
Launchpad Donald.
Oh yeah, thanks to Mr. er... Uncle McD!
Scrooge is worried says: "Launchpad:..."
shocked says: "Launchpad:..."
Scrooge is worried says: "He's a saint!"
shocked says: "He's a saint!"
Scrooge is worried says: "Took me and the boys in, even let Donald..."
shocked says: "Took me and the boys in, even let Donald..."
Scrooge is worried says: "me park his..."
shocked says: "me park his..."
Scrooge is worried says: "my houseboat in the pool!"
shocked says: "my houseboat in the pool!"
Scrooge laughs weakly while tapping at the table says: "Launchpad:  Grr!"
looking quite concerned. Fergus leans forwards says: "Launchpad:  Grr!"
looking unconvinced says: "Launchpad:  Grr!"
Downy says: "Oh!"
Downy says: "There he is!"
Launchpad Donald.
Quack! Quack says: "Scrooge smiles, relieved."
Fergus says: "Oh lad, of course you're confused, living  for shame!"
Scrooge says: "I take great care of my family!"
Fergus says: "You avoid us like the plague!"
Scrooge says: "to the plague!"
Fergus says: "That's it!"
Fergus says: "Go to your room!"
Scrooge says: "I never lived here!"
Fergus says: "Then pick the one furthest away from my line of sight!"
Scrooge says: "Fine by me!"
Scrooge and Fergus storming away in opposite directions, "Donald" comes out from hiding under the table.
Downy says: "More sheep's bladder?"
Launchpad Donald.
Hmm, yes. Pulls out a plate.
Downy slides it into "Donald's" plate.
Scrooge says: "Ugh!"
Scrooge says: "That man!"
Scrooge says: "Money, success, family."
Scrooge says: "It's never enough!"
Scrooge says: "He'll never help me find the blasted treasure!"
Webby moans while lying on the floor.
Scrooge says: "Heh, you're right!"
Scrooge says: "He never helped me before!"
Scrooge says: "Why start now?"
Scrooge says: "I'm Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "I did everything else on my own!"
Scrooge says: "I'll find that treasure on my own!"
Scrooge says: "Good talk, Webby."
Webby says: "Squeals: Huey, Dewey, Louie are traveling down a staircase."
Webby says: "As they turn a corner, green eyes appear in the dark."
Webby says: "Huey gasps as they walk through a doorway."
Huey says: "The crypt of Clan McDuck!"
Huey says: "The final resting place of all our ancestors!"
Huey says: "But how do we know where's the right tomb?"
Louie says: "Uh, I may have found a clue!"
Huey, Dewey run over to Louie, as the camera slides up shows the door labeled "Donald Duck".
Dewey says: "Has Uncle Donald been a ghost this whole time?"
Louie says: "No, he gets hurt way too often to be a ghost."
Huey says: "Wait, the riddle was hidden on a portrait of Uncle Donald..."
Louie says: "They wanted Uncle Donald to find his own grave!"
Louie says: "That is messed up!"
Dewey says: "So.."
Dewey says: "what's in there?"
Louie says: "Could be the treasure!"
Dewey says: "Huh."
Dewey says: "Wait, wait, wait, what if there's something or someone we don't wanna find?"
Dewey says: "L-Louie, aren't you scared?"
Louie says: "Eh, greed beats fear every time."
Dewey is worried, the door opens and Huey and Louie fall in.
Huey says: "Huh, it's empty."
Camera to show a bag, which has a blue scarf.
Huey says: "Huh, just a beat-up old bag."
Dewey sees the label on the side of the bag which says says: "Property of D."
Dewey sees the label on the side of the bag which says says: "Duck."
Dewey sees the label on the side of the bag which says says: "He gasps."
The triplets gasp as a roar is heard. Dewey grabs the bag says: "Dewey: The Demon Dog of Castle McDuck!"
the three boys run to the door to see what it is. A growl is heard says: "Dewey: The Demon Dog of Castle McDuck!"
the demon dog walks in says: "Dewey: The Demon Dog of Castle McDuck!"
chains rattling says: "Dewey: The Demon Dog of Castle McDuck!"
The dog barks and runs toward the triplets, Huey shuts the door as the dog tries to break it down.
Huey says: "We need a distraction!"
Dewey says: "Hey!"
Dewey says: "Give it back!"
Huey says: "Louie!"
Huey says: "Hold the door open, I'll set this scarf on fire and throw it out as decoy!"
Dewey shakes his head as Huey brings the fire to the scarf. Dewey takes back the bag and scarf.
Dewey says: "No!"
Dewey says: "You can't!"
Huey says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Huey says: "!"
Louie says: "Why you acting super weird?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "This is the bad time to be weird!"
Cuts back to the Dog, who is trying to bash down the door.
Dewey says: "Because it belongs to Mom!"
Louie and Huey gasp. Cuts back to the hall of Castle McDuck, where Scrooge is present.
Scrooge says: "Secret passage in the hallway."
Scrooge says: "Nice try, Daddy!"
The door slowly reveals Fergus, Scrooge open his eyes and surprised.
Fergus says: "I told you to stay in your room."
Scrooge says: "I don't care what you have to say."
Fergus says: "I wouldn't tell you where the Templar treasure is then."
Scrooge says: "I've never needed your help before, and I don't need it NOWWW!"
Scrooge can be heard hitting the bottom and Fergus sighs.
Fergus says: "Kids."
Back in the crypt, the Dog is attempting smash down the door by running at it. Triplets scream and Huey runs to hold the door.
Huey says: "How do you know this is Mom's?"
Dewey says: "I've kinda been researching her on my own."
Dewey says: "A little!"
Dewey says: "I just searched a forbidden library, crashed the Sunchaser, talked to the goddess Selene..."
Dewey says: "okay.."
Dewey says: "You know, hearing it out loud, it comes off way worse than it sounded in my brain."
Huey says: "How could you keep this from us!"
Huey says: "?"
Dewey says: "I was trying to protect you from a potentially devastating revelation."
The demon dog breaks down a piece of the door.
Huey says: "Or you just kept it to yourself so you could feel special!"
Huey says: "Classic Dewey!"
Huey says: "She's our mom!"
Dewey says: "It's just..."
Dewey says: "First, I didn't tell you tell you because I didn't want you to get hurt."
Dewey says: "Then I couldn't tell you because I found out all this stuff and I didn't want you to hurt me!"
Dewey says: "I'm sorry, okay!"
Dewey says: "?"
Huey says: "You're only sorry because you got caught!"
Dewey looks annoyed, then Huey and Dewey both look over at Louie. Louie is sitting on the ground very upset holding his mum's jacket. The torch goes out.
Dewey says: "Louie?"
Dewey says: "You okay?"
Louie says: "You kept a secret about Mom."
Louie says: "That is not okay."
Dewey looks down, ashamed. Dog bashes the door down, throwing Huey back. The triplets scatter, end up hiding behind the same trunk before scattering again with the ghost dog chasing Dewey.
Scrooge and Fergus come around a corner in a different tunnel.
Fergus says: "Would you wait up, lad?"
Fergus says: "My legs aren't so young anymore."
Scrooge says: "Nah-ha!"
Scrooge says: "If I'm right, under this moss is the tip of a Templar insignia."
Fergus says: "No, you have to go against the moss."
Scrooge says: "Just stop!"
Scrooge says: "I don't need you!"
Fergus's face falls.
Scrooge says: "Everything I am, I earned through my own hard work."
Scrooge says: "You never gave me anything!"
Fergus says: "I gave you that."
Scrooge says: "Back in my shoe shine days, I worked for hours on Burt's boots."
Scrooge says: "He paid me with an American dime."
Fergus says: "Who do you think gave him the dime?"
Scrooge says: "What?"
Fergus says: "Aye, I muddied his boots, and sent him your way."
Scrooge says: "Wait, what?"
Scrooge says: "But why!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Fergus says: "We were poor, I couldn't provide for you myself, so I had to give you a different gift: self-reliance."
Fergus says: "Teaching you to work hard and fend for yourself so that you'd become the man you are now."
Fergus says: "But you learned that lesson so well, we hardly saw you again."
Fergus says: "If I'm hard on you, lad, it's because I miss you is all."
Scrooge says: "Oh Daddy, I miss you too."
Scrooge holds his arms out for a hug. Fergus mimics, and they walk towards each other. They both step on a trigger for a door. They enter a room which torches light up and there is a chest in the middle of the room on a stand. They approach the chest.
Fergus says: "Let's finally open it together, eh?"
Scrooge says: "Bless me bagpipes."
Fergus says: "Bless me bagpipes."
In the chest is a single note. Fergus takes it out and reads it.
Fergus says: "Loafer!"
Fergus says: "?"
Fergus says: "This was a decoy the whole time!"
Fergus says: "?"
Fergus says: "I cannot win with the old codger!!"
Fergus throws the note on the ground and stomps on it. Scrooge smiles behind him.
Cut to Dewey running down a passage way.
Dewey says: "Huey!"
Dewey says: "Louie!"
Dewey says: "Where are you!"
Dewey says: "?"
Dewey says: "I should have told you!"
Dewey says: "I'm sorry!"
Dewey says: "I need your help!"
The demon dog chases after Dewey, disturbing a coffin. Blue ghosts start to leak out of the coffin. The dog nearly catches Dewey, he shields his face.
Louie says: "Scram!"
Huey says: "Shoo!"
Louie says: "Back off!"
Huey says: "Bad dog!"
Huey says: "Bad dog!"
Huey and Louie are throwing sticks and rocks at the demon dog.
Louie says: "Do not fight me!"
Huey says: "Bad dog!"
Huey says: "Not food!"
Huey says: "We're not food!"
Huey says: "Bad dog!"
Dewey says: "You came back!"
Louie says: "We're the Duck Boys!"
Huey says: "Good or bad, what ever we do, we do it together!"
The triplets take a stand and the ghosts form behind them. Ghosts and triplets shout together. The dog runs away.
Huey says: "Duck family, victorious!"
Dewey says: "It worked!"
Dewey says: "?"
Dewey says: "It worked!"
Louie says: "We gotta start doing that all the time!"
Cut to Scrooge and Fergus walking up a passage way.
Fergus says: "Awk!"
Fergus says: "Forget the treasure!"
Fergus says: "Who needs treasure when we've got each other?"
Scrooge and Fergus both burst out laughing.
Scrooge says: "Please, we're McDucks!"
Scrooge says: "But, what say next time I come back, we find it together!"
Fergus says: "You got yourself a deal, Scroogie!"
Cut to the triplets emptying the bag.
Huey says: "Uncle Donald's hat!"
Huey says: "That must be the borrowed crown from the riddle!"
Dewey says: "All just just an elaborate prank on Uncle Donald!"
Dewey says: "?"
Triplets burst out laughing.
Dewey says: "I should have told you from the beginning."
Dewey says: "Good or bad, we're all in this together."
Dewey says: "Well, I guess we're all starting from scratch."
Huey says: "Wait, did you rub a pencil over this?"
Dewey says: "Buh?"
Huey says: "Have I taught you nothing?"
Huey says: "Junior Woodchuck Rule 217: rub all documents with a pencil."
Pencil rub reveals the Spear of Selene, a rocket ship, and a date.
Dewey says: "The Spear of Selene!"
Dewey says: "Now we know what it looks like!"
Louie says: "Is that a date circled?"
Huey says: "April 15th..."
Huey says: "guys, this is the week we were born!"
Dewey says: "What does that mean?"
Huey says: "We'll find out together."
Dewey says: "Oh, man, I gotta tell Webby!"
Dewey says: "Ooh, by the way, Webby know too."
Huey says: "Come on!"
Louie says: "Dude!"
Dewey says: "I'm sorry!"
Dewey says: "Total honesty from here on out!"
Cut to family good byes on the front step of the castle. Louie and Dewey hug Downy. Scrooge hugs his parents. Downy leans down to Webby.
Downy says: "Are you sure there's nothing I could give you?"
Downy says: "Maybe some original family photographs?"
Downy says: "Or a leather bound volume of McDuck history?"
Downy says: "I'm probably just going to throw most of it away anyway."
Webby says: "Ah!"
Webby says: "I!"
Webby says: "Words!"
Webby says: "Can't!"
Webby says: "Augh!"
Huey guides Webby to the Jeep.
Downy says: "Well, goodbye then."
Downy says: "See you all in five years!"
Webby says: "Who built this castle?"
Webby says: "What was Scrooge like as a kid?"
Webby says: "What was his favorite color?"
Webby says: "Game?"
Webby says: "Song?"
Webby says: "Food?"
Webby says: "Who designed the McDuck tartan?"
Webby says: "Who was- Nooo!!"
End episode.