Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode opens with a shot of the Earth from space."
Episode Info says: "Camera moves down to show a scorpion-like creature on the Moon walking."
Episode Info says: "It turns it eyes and squeals before running away."
Episode Info says: "Della Duck is running in zero gravity along the Moon's landscape."
Episode Info says: "From a hilltop, Penumbra is eavesdropping on her and watching via binoculars."
Episode Info says: "Della descends to the crater with the Spear of Selene wreckage."
Episode Info says: "A bag of gold drops at Della's feet."
Episode Info says: "Inside, the TV is playing the news report from the shadow crisis aftermath presumably on a loop."
Roxanne Featherly says: "And so Duckburg is saved, thanks to Scrooge McDuck and his family!"
Della sets her bag of gold on her desk. Outside, Penumbra's foot steps in. Cut back to the inside of the Spear of Selene, Della gets out blowtorch and lights it a bit before falling asleep. Penumbra peaks in.
Della Duck says: "Uh!"
Della Duck says: "Can't stop!"
Della Duck says: "So close!"
While Della applies her goggles, cut to Penumbra up close with a scornful look on her face.
Penumbra says: "Treacherous spy; What are you really up to?"
Cut to Earth in the yards of McDuck Manor. A hammock has been set up. Donald's hand turns on a radio to play Hawaiian music. Donald claps his hands and jumps onto his hammock to get some rest. A blue bird tweets on a tree then flies off. Donald surveys his surroundings while a grasshopper chirps and a butterfly flies by. The butterfly stops on Donald's beak before leaving, then Donald stretches his arms and gets out a green book. He flips through pages and makes a sound with his beak.
Huey Duck says: "Uncle Donald!"
Webby Vanderquack says: "Donald!"
Huey and Webby run in and run under the hammock causing it to spin and ensnare Donald in the ropes with a quack wail.
Donald Duck says: "Careful, this was expensive!"
Huey Duck says: "A prescription hammock?"
Huey Duck says: ""For molting related to stress."
Huey makes the Hammock spin again until it's back to a normal state with Donald rolling upside down before falling to the ground.
Donald Duck says: "Doctor's orders..."
Webby Vanderquack says: "That's ridiculous; You're not molting!"
Webby Vanderquack says: "Ooh!"
Huey Duck says: "Ooh, that's a lot of feathers."
Webby Vanderquack says: "Anyway, we need to borrow your old VCR so we can watch this copy of the "Necronomicasette."
Huey Duck says: "Read your book, relax."
Huey Duck says: "Everything's fine!"
Webby Vanderquack says: "If we don't become zombies!"
Huey Duck says: "From too much time in front of the old BOOB TUBE!"
Huey Duck says: "Ha, 'kay."
Huey Duck says: "Bye!"
Huey drags Webby away leaving Donald alone with his hammock.
Donald Duck says: "Everything's fine."
Donald drops onto his hammock and goes back to his book never noticing a bright red light flashing in the distance. Donald looks back but then turns back to his book making two noises with his beak. But then the grasshopper from earlier makes a worried chirp and hops away. A zombie hand raises from where the grasshopper was. Donald makes a quack-gasp and pants while three more zombie hands and one zombie foot rise out of the ground. A zombie hand pinches Donald's butt, forcing him to jump off the hammock with a pained quack and almost lands on the zombie hands before fleeing. One hand clutches one of Donald's loose feathers.
Theme song plays says: "We are given a shot of the Moon as the camera zooms."
Theme song plays says: "Cut to Tranquility, Lunaris is walking with Della."
General Lunaris says: "I do wish you would take up our offer to stay with us here."
General Lunaris says: "It would be the perfect place to work on your ship."
Della Duck says: "No thanks."
Della Duck says: "The only person I ever managed to bunk with was my brother, and we fought constantly."
General Lunaris says: "Well, it's better than sleeping out in the wastes."
Della Duck says: "Oh, I'm not sleeping."
Della Duck says: "Whoa..."
Della Duck says: "Is that Penny?"
General Lunaris says: "Penumbra was our greatest warrior."
General Lunaris says: "Together, we held the mites at bay."
General Lunaris says: "She is a hero of the Planet Moon."
Della Duck says: "Which is technically not a planet, so..."
Della Duck says: "Moon-Moon?"
Penumbra says: "PLANET MOOOON!"
Penumbra runs to Della, and jumps to the Earth duck she despises and lifts her by her legs.
Della Duck says: "Oh, hi, Penny."
Penumbra says: "PENUMBRA!"
Della Duck says: "Oh, is it Moon custom to yell?"
Della Duck says: "HOWDY PENNY!"
General Lunaris says: "Forgive Penumbra."
General Lunaris says: "Since the mites stopped attacking, she is a warrior with no war to fight."
Della Duck says: "Looks who's got an extended vacay, huh?"
Della Duck says: "What are you gonna do now?"
Penumbra says: "Seethe."
Della Duck says: "The Spear of Selene's not gonna rebuild itself."
Penumbra says: "let's blast her."
Lunaris says: "I think I spy the green-eyed monster of jealousy."
Penumbra says: "I'm not jealous."
Penumbra says: "She's trying to convince you all she's your friend to distract you from some devious attack."
Lunaris says: "Penumbra, come with me."
Lunaris says: "See that rock?"
Lunaris says: "My father, General Merdian, was terrified of it."
Lunaris says: "Claimed to have seen mysterious objects launched off it."
Lunaris says: "He was so afraid that he drove us into hiding underground, which allowed the mites to become a problem in the first place."
Lunaris says: "Does Della look like a threat to you?"
Penumbra says: "No."
Penumbra says: "She is squishy and easily defeatable if you would just let me."
Lunaris says: "I will not spend my life in fear of them, Penumbra."
Lunaris says: "Our people will see that in time."
Lunaris says: "So will you."
Penumbra says: "I tell you she will not rest until she wrecks havoc on our planet."
Lunaris says: "Poor thing."
Lunaris says: "Penumbra, she's staying with you."
Lunaris says: "That's an order."
Huey says: "Aahh!"
Webby says: "Aahh!"
Donald says: "Hah!"
Donald says: "huh?"
Huey says: "Ah!"
Huey says: "Klaatu barada nikto!"
Donald says: "Ha ha!"
Webby says: "That was awesome!"
Huey says: "We're alive!"
Huey says: "See, I told you everything was fine."
Huey says: "Get back to rest."
Donald says: "Everything's fine."
Donald says: "Ahh."
Dewey says: "Guess who's a god now?"
Dewey says: "Eh?"
Dewey says: "Eh?"
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "Oh no."
Storkules says: "Intrepid Dewey bravely seized the sandals of Hermes from my chest, and is now messenger of the gods."
Storkules says: "Father is most displeased."
Dewey says: "Um, he's just jealous cause I'm the youngest Dew-ity on the block."
Storkules says: "Father has declared war on Dewey Duck."
Donald says: "What?"
Dewey says: "Yeesh, Don't worry, Uncle Donald."
Dewey says: "You just rest."
Dewey says: "We totally got this."
Storkules says: "Ha ha."
Dewey says: "Ow, the lightning burns."
Donald says: "Aah!"
Della says: "Hey roomie."
Della says: "Woah."
Della says: "Hey careful."
Della says: "You don't want to burn down your garage."
Della says: "Sorry, our garage."
Della says: "Lunaris told me you so generously volunteered to put me up."
Della says: "I was like, well I can't say no to my new best friend, right?"
Della says: "Look at us, strangers from different worlds forced to be roommates."
Della says: "We're a classic odd couple."
Penumbra says: "I don't know what that is."
Della says: "Heh."
Della says: "Thanks for letting me stay at your pad, Penny."
Penumbra says: "Lieutenant Penumbra."
Della says: "Ah, look at your cute little spear."
Penumbra says: "That was my childhood training spear."
Penumbra says: "I used it to defend my home from unwanted pests."
Della says: "Oh."
Della says: "Speaking of spears, I better get back to working on mine."
Della says: "Hey, we both have spears."
Della says: "That's neat."
Penumbra says: "No, it isn't."
Della says: "Yes, it is."
Penumbra says: "No, it isn't."
Della says: "Yes, it is."
Penumbra says: "No!"
Penumbra says: "Treacherous impostor."
Penumbra says: "No one is falling for your earth ways."
Gibbous says: "You're the stranger that saved us with your earth ways."
Gibbous says: "Hey zenith."
Zenith says: "A true hero living right next door."
Zenith says: "Count my lucky stars."
Gibbous says: "I heard you beat the mite with compassion."
Gibbous says: "Is that some fancy earth fighting technique?"
Della says: "No no, I'm just a mom trying to get home to see her kids."
Gibbous says: "You gave us so much."
Zenith says: "we would be honored to help you in any way."
Della says: "Really?"
Della says: "thanks."
Penumbra says: "Has everyone gone crazy?"
Penumbra says: "Why are you helping her?"
Penumbra says: "Argh!"
Della says: "So I tied up the Beagle Boys and strung them down from the bank rafters like a yo-yo."
Gibbous says: "That is amazing."
Gibbous says: "What is a yo-yo?"
Della says: "You do tricks with it?"
Della says: "Around the world?"
Della says: "Walk the dog?"
Gibbous says: "That is amazing."
Gibbous says: "What is a dog?"
Penumbra says: "Dazzling them with lies about how your pitiful planet us better than ours, pfft."
Penumbra says: "Two can play at that game."
Della says: "Ah, well look who's coming around."
Penumbra says: "Greetings, roomie."
Della says: "Do I see a shenanigan in our future?"
Penumbra says: "Yes, shenanigans."
Penumbra says: "Another reason Planet Moon is more fun than your lame earth."
Della says: "Aw, we can both be great right?"
Della says: "The earth, the moon which orbits around the earth."
Penumbra says: "Argh!"
Penumbra says: "Shenanigan, heh heh heh."
Penumbra says: "Anyway, the moon is safe and beautiful and is everything you possibly want, right?"
Zenith says: "I thought so, until I learned of the wondrous dogs and yo-yos."
Zenith says: "Tell us more about why you love it so."
Della says: "Well, because my family is there, and because the earth has wonders large and small."
Della says: "The pyramids, the humpback whale, slap bracelets."
Palus says: "What is a slapping bracelets?"
Della says: "Observe."
Palus says: "I've never seen anything so stylish."
Penumbra says: "Um, hello."
Penumbra says: "We have matching outfits made of gold."
Della says: "The earth is beautiful."
Della says: "When I get back, I'm gonna show my boys every inch of it."
Della says: "It'll be like I never left."
Della says: "We'll conquer Mount Neverrest, discover the hidden pyramid of Toth-ra."
Della says: "I'm telling you, my family is fearless."
Donald says: "Aahhh!"
Zeus says: "Foolish son, inviting mortals into the Pantheon."
Storkules says: "Father, they are my friends."
Storkules says: "Please cease your wrath."
Donald says: "Ahh!"
Donald says: "Donald out."
Dewey says: "I shall face my fellow god in a manner befitting the Olympus."
Dewey says: "Hey Beardo, you stink!"
Zeus says: "No, you do!"
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "Go!"
Donald says: "Go!"
Penumbra says: "Argh!"
Penumbra says: "Huh?"
Penumbra says: "She sprung her trap."
Della says: "The gargantuan gilded man tore through El Dorado annihilating everything in its path like woooo."
Della says: "But I looked the bionic behemoth square in its cold, unfeeling eyes."
Della says: "I climbed up his craggy armor, burst inside, and tore him apart from within bringing his tyrannical mechanical reign to an end."
MS says: "Woo!"
Zenith says: "Ooh, nothing that exciting ever happens in Tranquility."
Penumbra says: "That's why it's called Tranquility, not Robot Monster Town."
Palus says: "Ooh, is there a Robot Monster Town on earth?"
Della says: "Not once I'm done with it."
Lunaris says: "Penumbra, your orders were to see that our guest has a pleasant stay."
Lunaris says: "I don't think getting speared would be very pleasant."
Penumbra says: "No, just a little?"
Lunaris says: "No harm is to come to Della."
Penumbra says: "But she is filling their heads with earth lies and making me, I mean us, the moon seem inferior by comparison."
Lunaris says: "She's sharing the wonders of her culture like this rocket."
Lunaris says: "So intricate yet so simple."
Lunaris says: "Why, all she has to do is flip this little switch to launch the spear into space."
Lunaris says: "Remarkable."
Lunaris says: "You have to think about the big picture, Penumbra."
Zeus says: "I'm counting this as a win."
Donald says: "Aahh!"
Storkules says: "Oh, aerodynamic Donald."
Donald says: "Gotta rest."
Donald says: "Everything's fine."
Donald says: "Aah!"
Scrooge says: "What are you doing here?"
Louie says: "Nothing."
Louie says: "Definitely not checking your pockets for spare million dollar bills."
Scrooge says: "No, neither of you."
Scrooge says: "Him."
Scrooge says: "Why are you trespassing in my togs, goat?"
Goat says: "I'm no goat."
Goat says: "This is merely my terrestrial form."
Donald says: "Oh no."
Goat says: "And the laws of man do not apply in the ethereal realm of Goat'hool, the netherworld of treasures untold and petulant orcs."
Goat says: "Enter nobles, and ye shall be kings."
Louie says: "Kings!"
Louie says: "Woo hoo!"
Scrooge says: "Treasure!"
Donald says: "Ah, come on!"
Penumbra says: "Uhm, Uhm, Uhm!"
Moonlanders says: "Ooh."
Moonlanders says: "Woo."
Moonlanders says: "Aah!"
Della says: "It's working."
Della says: "Thanks, all of you."
Della says: "I'm finally getting back to my family on earth."
Penumbra says: "If you all think earth is so great, why don't you just go already?"
Palus says: "Can we please go with you?"
Gibbous says: "Ooh, we could get our very own dog."
Zenith says: "Ooh, and dress it in slap bracelets."
Della says: "I wish I could take all of you, but the spear is too small."
Della says: "There's no way you'd all fit."
Moonlanders says: "Aw!"
Penumbra says: "But the great hero can so anything."
Penumbra says: "Surely she could do it if she wanted to."
Moonlanders says: "Ah!"
Gibbous says: "Was it something I did?"
Gibbous says: "Was it something you did?"
Zenith says: "Are you embarrassed by our primitive moon ways?"
Della says: "No, I really wish I could take you, but it's just not possible."
Penumbra says: "I thought nothing could stop the amazing Della Duck."
Penumbra says: "Too bad."
Penumbra says: "A failure."
Penumbra says: "A liar."
Gibbous says: "She's the worst, How could she?"
Della says: "Or maybe it is possible."
Penumbra says: "What?"
Penumbra says: "No!"
Della says: "Penny's right."
Della says: "I learned rocket science."
Della says: "I rebuilt my ship."
Della says: "Why can't I fit you all in this spear?"
Gibbous says: "I don't know."
Gibbous says: "Why?"
Zenith says: "No honey, she's saying she can."
Gibbous says: "Oh, really?"
Gibbous says: "Oh, thank you."
Della says: "You all helped me."
Della says: "This is the least I can do."
Della says: "Pack your bags."
Della says: "We're all going to earth!"
Donald says: "Ahh!"
Scrooge says: "So you see, Louie."
Scrooge says: "True royalty comes from within."
Louie says: "Yeah, right, sure."
Louie says: "So the real king won't be needing this crown, right?"
Louie says: "Ew boy, you don't look so good."
Donald says: "I'm fine."
Donald says: "Everything's fine."
Donald says: "Everything is not fine."
Huey says: "Uncle Donald?"
Penumbra says: "It's a mas exodus."
Lunaris says: "Ow, Lieutenant."
Penumbra says: "She's brainwashed them with lies and magical bracelets."
Penumbra says: "She's going to get them killed."
Lunaris says: "Slow down."
Lunaris says: "What's happening?"
Penumbra says: "She's taking them all to earth."
Penumbra says: "She's destroying Tranquility."
Lunaris says: "Our people have to be free to make their own decisions."
Penumbra says: "She's a liar, she's definitely up to something, and she's never washed a dish."
Della says: "Who are you talking about?"
Della says: "Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
Penumbra says: "Ah, we weren't talking about you, we were talking about another foul beaked beast."
Penumbra says: "You don't know her."
Della says: "I found this over by the statue."
Della says: "You guys helped me fixed my spear, it's only right that I fix yours."
Lunaris says: "Thank you, Della."
Lunaris says: "That's too kind."
Della says: "These are my kids."
Della says: "Their heads aren't really shaped like eggplants."
Della says: "I'm not a good artist."
Della says: "But thanks to you, I'm going to have a chance to be a good mom."
Della says: "I know what it's like to be separated from your people."
Della says: "To be forced to trust someone else to protect them."
Della says: "No one could ever protect your people as well as you, Penny."
Della says: "But as long as they're with me, I'll try with all I've got."
Della says: "I promise."
Donald says: "Ahh!"
Donald says: "Oh no, the kids."
Donald says: "What now?"
Donald says: "What's all this?"
Huey says: "Uncle Donald, you work so hard taking care of us."
Dewey says: "And we don't make it easy."
Louie says: "Often on purpose."
Scrooge says: "So we arranged a month-long cruise in the glassy waters of the Caribbean on the S."
Scrooge says: "S."
Scrooge says: "Forty Winks."
Webby says: "No phones, no adventure, and lots of hammocks."
Donald says: "Thanks, but I can't leave the boys."
Donald says: "Who's going to keep them out of trouble."
Huey says: "We have an entire family to keep us safe."
Scrooge says: "Go relax."
Scrooge says: "Plus the cruise is non-refundable, and I will not give charity to layabout cruise companies."
Scrooge says: "You hear, my lad?"
Penumbra says: "Okay, maybe Della's not pure evil, but she's still planning to take my people to that planet of nightmare horrors, tomorrow."
Penumbra says: "Ugh, why can't she just go now?"
Spear computer says: "Launch sequence activated."
Della says: "I told you, Penny."
Della says: "I'll wash the dishes tomorrow."
Della says: "The spear!"
Della says: "What's going on?"
Penumbra says: "I don't know?"
Penumbra says: "There must have been a malfunction."
Della says: "I can't stop it."
Della says: "The emergency launch is irreversible."
Penumbra says: "Go."
Penumbra says: "Get back to your family."
Della says: "But what about the others?"
Della says: "I can't leave them behind."
Della says: "I promised."
Lunaris says: "We'll build more."
Lunaris says: "Give me the plans for the ship."
Lunaris says: "We'll build a fleet that will follow you shortly."
Lunaris says: "You've inspired my people, Della."
Lunaris says: "Let me return the favor."
Spear computer says: "12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1."
Della says: "I'm coming boys."
Della says: "Mom is coming home!"
Penumbra says: "Sir, what are you doing?"
Gibbous says: "What's going on?"
Zenith says: "The spear."
Zenith says: "It's gone!"
Lunaris says: "Della betrayed you."
Lunaris says: "She's betrayed us all."
Lunaris says: "She lured us with sad stories and fabulous falsehoods about earth so that we help her rebuild her ship, then when the time was right, she attacked me."
Zenith says: "But what about her family, and all those stories?"
Lunaris says: "An elaborate deception."
Moonlander says: "Oh no."
Palus says: "But why?"
Lunaris says: "Because she was just the first wave of a bigger attack."
Lunaris says: "She lied to us so that she could get back to tell her fellow earthers that we are weak, soft, primed for an invasion."
Lunaris says: "But are we going to hide down here and wait to be invaded?"
Moonlanders says: "No!"
Lunaris says: "Or, are are we going to take these plans that I wrestled away from the traitor as she fled, and use them to build a fleet of ships, and invade them first?"
Moonlanders says: "Yeah!"
Lunaris says: "And prove that the moon is the greatest planet in our universe?"
Moonlanders says: "Yeah!"
Lunaris says: "We are the mighty!"
Lunaris says: "We are the moon!"
Penumbra says: "You wanted this all along."
Penumbra says: "You brought her and her ship here."
Penumbra says: "Got them on her side."
Penumbra says: "Why?"
Lunaris says: "Because the others aren't warriors like you and I."
Lunaris says: "They needed a reason to fight, so I gave them one, betrayal."
Lunaris says: "And I got her to give me these with a little good-old earthly compassion."
Penumbra says: "But you're risking the lives of our people."
Lunaris says: "No!"
Lunaris says: "I will not spend my life in fear of the earth like my father."
Lunaris says: "The earth will fear me."
Penumbra says: "But why did you pair her with me?"
Lunaris says: "Honestly?"
Lunaris says: "It was the only way I could get her to move here."
Lunaris says: "She actually liked you, Penumbra."
Lunaris says: "Said you reminded her of her brother."
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "It can't be."
Donald says: "Della?"
Donald says: "Della?"
Donald says: "Della?!"
Donald says: "!"
Donald says: "Where are you?"
Spear computer says: "Launch sequence activated."
Donald says: "Oh, phooey."
Spear computer says: "T minus 60, 30, 8, 3, 2, 1."
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "Nooo!!!!"
Donald says: "AAAHHH!!"
Della says: "I'm home."