Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode opens with a zooming shot of the Duckburg National History Museum with patrons gathered around."
Episode Info says: "Inside, Scrooge and nephews dressed in suits enter a room with a 'Gala Opening' banner over the door and 'New Glomgold Wing' banners on the walls."
Huey says: "So, why are we at the gala for the Flintheart Glomgold wing of the natural history museum?"
Dewey says: "Ugh, yeah!"
Dewey says: "And look at this tacky setup!"
Dewey says: "Somebody is trying way too hard."
Dewey says: "I’ll have a virgin peach julep in your fanciest glass, thank you!"
Server sighs before leaving.
Louie says: "All these trinkets are just from times Glomgold lost to you!"
Huey says: "And this, ”Glomasaurus-Rex” is clearly just a bunch of random parts stuck together, honestly, how could you know it wore a crown?"
Dewey says: "So, what are we doing here anyway?"
Scrooge says: "As upstanding citizens of note, it’s our responsibility to support Duckberg’s cultural institutions."
Scrooge says: "And, these cocktail weenies are in Glomgold’s dollar."
Scrooge starts putting hor d'oeuvres in bags.
Louie says: "Aren’t you rich?"
Louie says: "Why do you need free food?"
Scrooge says: "I didn’t get rich by wasting money, I got rich by besting my enemies!"
Scrooge says: "Stock up lads!"
Scrooge starts eating and taking food from the buffet table with the triplets.
Louie says: "Ugh, these custom suits are the worst!"
Louie says: "I’m gettin’ a rash!"
Scrooge says: "Nyuh, nope that’s the plastic lining!"
Scrooge says: "Saves on dry cleaning, and you lose less debt."
Dewey says: "It’s not the cut of the suit, it’s how you wear it!"
Dewey says: "Take my playfully loose bow tie!"
Dewey says: "Is he coming?"
Dewey says: "Is he going??"
Dewey says: "Did he party so hard it just flew open??"
Scrooge is about to place a bag of food in his pocket and drops the bag when he catches sight of Goldie at the top of the stairs. Scrooge gasps, the triplets race up to him.
Louie says: "What is it?"
Louie says: "A cursed villain!"
Louie says: "?"
Dewey says: "A villainous curse?"
Huey says: "A.."
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "Umm..."
Huey says: "*sighs* Man, I hate going third!"
Scrooge says: "Worse..."
Scrooge says: "it’s my..."
Scrooge says: "Ex!"
Huey says: "Your Ex?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "?"
Huey says: "As in, ex-girlfriend?!"
Huey says: "!"
Scrooge says: "Ex-partner, ex-rival, ex-everything."
Goldie catches sight of Scrooge and descends the stairs.
Scrooge says: "Watch your wallets, boys."
Goldie says: "Please, Scrooge!"
Goldie says: "I wouldn’t steal from children."
Scrooge says: "Goldie O'Gilt, the Ice Queen of Dawson."
Scrooge says: "I thought I heard the clatter of cloven hooves!"
Goldie says: "Scroogie Mcmoneybags, the Tightwad of Duckberg!"
Goldie says: "That clatter was probably your brittle bones settling, you gilded geezer!"
Dewey says: "I feel both disturbed and intrigued."
Glomgold pushes Scrooge and Goldie apart, standing in the middle between them.
Glomgold says: "Ooh, hello Scrooge!"
Glomgold says: "This is my date Goldie!"
Glomgold says: "What’s that?"
Glomgold says: "Your ex you say?"
Goldie says: "I’m not your date."
Glomgold says: "Does it make your blood boil with jealousy, Scrooge?"
Glomgold says: "You’re just a sad third wheel!"
Glomgold says: "Dead wood - ah!"
A string quartet starts playing and Goldie offers her hand to Scrooge. He passes his cane to Glomgold and takes her hand. They walk together to the dance floor as Glomgold watches.
Glomgold says: "Huh?"
Glomgold says: "Ugh!"
Glomgold says: "Touché, Goldie."
Glomgold says: "Let the love games begin."
Scrooge and Goldie take their positions for a tango. Scrooge looks nervous.
Goldie says: "It’s been a long time, Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "And yet, it still feels too soon."
Goldie says: "Ooh!"
Goldie says: "You’re tango’s as rusty as your joints, old man."
Scrooge says: "How’s this for rusty?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Scrooge spins Goldie and performs a hook.
Goldie says: "Oh, not bad."
Goldie says: "But let the lady lead."
Goldie spins Scrooge and performs a hook. A cracking sound is heard. Scrooge and Goldie continue their dance as Glomgold watches enviously. Goldie reaches out stealing someone’s wallet before Scrooge spins her and puts the wallet back in the duck’s pocket. The triplets watch from the side of the room.
Louie says: "Ooo!"
Louie says: "Scrooge has a cru-sh!"
Huey says: "True love is truly ageless!"
Dewey says: "Ooo!"
Glomgold says: "Somebody dance with me!!"
Glomgold says: "I need to make her jealous!"
Scrooge says: "You’re looking younger than the last time I saw you."
Goldie says: "Found a fountain of youth in Ronguay."
Goldie says: "You?"
Scrooge says: "Stuck in a timeless demon dimension."
Goldie says: "Haha, which one?"
Goldie says: "Pandemonium or Demigorgona?"
Scrooge says: "Demigorgona - went to stop an uprising."
Goldie says: "Get out!"
Goldie says: "I caused that uprising!"
Goldie says: "Nabbed the eye of Demogorgon, makes you impervious to burns, I must’ve just missed you!"
Dewey moonwalks on his own.
Dewey says: "Du du du dew-ey, duh duh dudu-dew!"
Glomgold says: "Stop one upping my one-upmanship!"
Glomgold says: "Dance worse than me!!"
Dewey says: "No can Dew-ey!"
Dewey says: "*dances* Oooh whoooo: Scrooge: Cut the patter, O’Gilt, what’re you really up to?"
Goldie says: "Why do you think I’m always up to something?"
Goldie stops Scrooge by putting a finger to his beak.
Goldie says: "Can’t start a fire without a spark, Scroogie."
Goldie leans in for a kiss says: "Glomgold: Ladies and gentleman, hated rivals, I am proud to unveil, a brand new exhibit!"
Louie gags. Glomgold interrupts says: "Glomgold: Ladies and gentleman, hated rivals, I am proud to unveil, a brand new exhibit!"
pushing Scrooge says: "Glomgold: Ladies and gentleman, hated rivals, I am proud to unveil, a brand new exhibit!"
Goldie apart says: "Glomgold: Ladies and gentleman, hated rivals, I am proud to unveil, a brand new exhibit!"
Goldie leans in for a kiss says: "Dug up by me very own, oil crew in the Yukon."
Louie gags. Glomgold interrupts says: "Dug up by me very own, oil crew in the Yukon."
pushing Scrooge says: "Dug up by me very own, oil crew in the Yukon."
Goldie apart says: "Dug up by me very own, oil crew in the Yukon."
Goldie leans in for a kiss says: "Behold!"
Louie gags. Glomgold interrupts says: "Behold!"
pushing Scrooge says: "Behold!"
Goldie apart says: "Behold!"
Goldie leans in for a kiss says: "The feared, the terrible, glacier monster of the Klondike!!"
Louie gags. Glomgold interrupts says: "The feared, the terrible, glacier monster of the Klondike!!"
pushing Scrooge says: "The feared, the terrible, glacier monster of the Klondike!!"
Goldie apart says: "The feared, the terrible, glacier monster of the Klondike!!"
A sheet is lifted to reveal a mammoth wearing a Tam O'Shanter hat. Scrooge gasps.
Scrooge says: "I know that beast!"
Scrooge says: "..."
Goldie looks dead at Scrooge as she takes out a controller and hits a button. The lights turn off. Party goers gasp. The lights turn back on to reveal that the head of the mammoth skeleton is missing.
Crowd says: "“What’s going on there?"
Crowd says: "” “Is this a surprise?"
Glomgold says: "What!"
Glomgold says: "?"
Scrooge says: "Goldie..."
Scrooge's car races down a Duckburg street.
Scrooge says: "Step on it, Launchpad!"
Scrooge says: "I need to get to the mansion!"
Louie says: "Ooh!"
Louie says: "Tell us about your new old girlfriend!"
Dewey says: "Ooh!"
Dewey says: "Did you smooch in the dark?"
Scrooge says: "We weren't smooching, ya wee nupties!"
Scrooge says: "It was all part of her plan to steal that map and mammoth skull!"
Huey says: "Oooh, so you could smooch it together?"
Dewey says: "Dewey: Eww!"
Louie frown says: "Dewey: Eww!"
Louie says: "What?"
Scrooge says: "No!"
Scrooge says: "Because that was no ordinary skull!"
Huey says: "How old are you?"
Scrooge says: "until Glomgold dug up the Glacier Monster's skull."
Scrooge says: "That's the real reason Goldie came to the gala!"
Launchpad is hanging over the divider, listening to Scrooge's story.
Scrooge says: "Launchpad, brakes!"
Launchpad whirls around, barely dodging the sculpture in Scrooge's yard. Scrooge picks himself up off the floor to see the mammoth skull in his driveway.
Scrooge says: "She's here."
Scrooge opens the door to his bedroom to find Goldie lounging in his windowsill, wearing his top hat.
Goldie says: "Hey, Moneybags, where's the other half of the map?"
Scrooge says: "Where are Beakley and Webbigail?"
Goldie got up, opening the door of the wardrobe to reveal Beakley and Webby, both tied with ropes.
Goldie slams the wardrobe door shut.
Scrooge says: "You reprehensible recreant!"
Goldie says: "Please, stop flirting in front of the children."
The triplets are seen looking through the door.
Huey says: "Ooohh!"
Dewey says: "Ooohh!"
Louie says: "Ooohh!"
Huey says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Ah!"
Louie says: "Ah!"
Scrooge says: "Takes a fossil to find a fossil, eh, Goldie?"
Goldie says: "Says the man who still wears spats and a top..."
Goldie says: "hat..."
Goldie takes off the hat and Scrooge bowls her over, both of them fighting for the hat.
Goldie says: "Give me my map!"
Scrooge says: "Get your pilfering paws off my headpiece!"
Goldie says: "I've got the map!"
Goldie holds the map up, and Scrooge snatches it back, stuffing it back in his hat.
Goldie says: "Fine."
Goldie says: "We team up."
Goldie says: "With our two halves of the map, we can finally find the Golden Lagoon."
Scrooge says: "And why should Ae trust yew?"
Goldie says: "Oh, because it's gold, because it's a treasure you never found."
Goldie says: "And because you're Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge says: "You think you know me so well."
The door flies open and the triplets run in.
Huey says: "Date!"
Dewey says: "Date!"
Louie says: "Date!"
Huey says: "Date!"
Dewey says: "Date!"
Louie says: "Date!"
Huey says: "Date: Scrooge and Goldie: It's not a date!"
Dewey says: "Date: Scrooge and Goldie: It's not a date!"
Louie says: "Date: Scrooge and Goldie: It's not a date!"
Scene changes to an aerial shot of Dawson City, with a Glomgold derrick in the foreground. Pans in to a general store. Goldie is collecting items from a shelf, Scrooge is talking to the store clerk.
Scrooge says: "I'll take the pickaxe, this lamp, rope, locator beacon, uh, and I'll need some buckskin waterproof spats."
Shopkeeper says: "We don't carry those."
Scrooge says: "Fine, fine, I'll take a pair of boots and your sharpest knife."
Shopkeeper passes him a pair of boots and a knife. Scrooge uses the knife to cut a pair of spats from the boots.
Shopkeeper says: "Uh, no food?"
Scrooge says: "Nope."
Scrooge says: "Just one discount jug of mustard for these delicious hors d'oeuvres."
Scrooge says: "And whatever the lady needs."
Shopkeeper says: "Uh, what lady?"
Scrooge looks around.
Scrooge says: "Goldie, you backstabbing-!"
Goldie says: "Scroogie."
Scrooge gasps as he sees Goldie dressed in adventuring gear.
Goldie says: "If we're going to make it through this alive, we need to be able to trust each other."
Scrooge says: "Agreed."
Scrooge says: "Now give me back the map you stole from my bag."
Scrooge and Goldie are seen exiting the store through a pair of binoculars.
Glomgold says: "Take my girl, will ya?"
An abandoned mine entrance with a sign reading 'White Agony Cave, Closed'. Scrooge and Goldie walk through the caverns by lantern light.
Goldie says: "Ahh, the Ice Caverns of White Agony Plains."
Goldie says: "Sure brings back memories, eh, Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "No matter how hard I try to forget."
Scrooge stops abruptly, arm out to prevent Goldie from walking further. He picks up a rock and tosses it, triggering a trip line that causes a volley of arrows to shoot across the room.
Scrooge says: "One of yours?"
Goldie says: "You can't blame me for that."
Goldie says: "It was over a hundred years ago."
Goldie says: "We were different people then."
Scrooge says: "Aye, that's what worries me."
Scrooge says: "You've had a century's worth of practice."
Goldie says: "What happened to you, Moneybags?"
Goldie says: "Domestic life turn you soft?"
Scrooge says: "What you'll never understand is that trust is the cornerstone of-- Wait!"
Scrooge rushes ahead of Goldie, and uses his stick to trigger a giant bear trap.
Goldie says: "One of yours?"
Scrooge chuckles weakly.
Goldie says: "You used to be so much more fun."
Scrooge and Goldie come to an elevator set in the rock wall.
Goldie says: "Looks like it's only big enough for one."
Goldie says: "I'll go down first and send it back up to you."
Scrooge says: "So you can get the jump on me?"
Goldie says: "Fine, you go down first."
Scrooge says: "Oh, so you can cut the rope?"
Goldie says: "Well, what do you suggest?"
Scene cuts to both of them crammed together in the one-man elevator says: "Scrooge: Would you move your elbow?"
Goldie says: "Gladly, if you'd stop sweating all over me."
Scrooge says: "I'm only sweating because I'm doing all the work!"
Goldie says: "Oh, really?"
Goldie says: "Oops."
Goldie lets go of her rope and they fall. Scrooge brings the elevator to a stop and then continues their descent without Goldie's help. Scene returns to the top of the elevator as Glomgold comes across it.
Glomgold says: "Stupid McDuck and his stupid clever traps!"
Glomgold says: "Oww!"
Glomgold says: "Eh, I'm sure he got the gist of it."
Scrooge and Goldie scream as the elevator plummets. Scrooge uses his pickax to catch them on a ledge.
Goldie says: "Whoo!"
Goldie says: "All that sweat must have made you lose your grip."
Goldie says: "I get it."
Goldie says: "I make you sweat."
Goldie says: "I'll take that as a compliment."
Goldie says: "A gross, salty compliment."
Scrooge and Goldie climb over a rock fall to a cavern with multicolored waterfalls.
Goldie says: "The Rainbow Caves!"
Goldie says: "We're nearly at the Golden Lagoon!"
They put each of their half of the map together. There's a click and a flash as Goldie takes a picture with her phone. Scrooge pulls back his half.
Goldie says: "What?"
Goldie says: "Just giving you a little reading light is all."
They travel beyond the Rainbow Caves into a cavern that grows ever darker til all we can see are their eyes says: "Goldie: Got a light?"
Scrooge says: "What are you doing?"
Goldie says: "I'm just lighting this trail of gunpowder I've been leaving behind us to distract you: Scrooge: What?!"
Goldie says: "!"
Goldie says: "You're insane!"
Goldie says: "A cave-in will get us both killed!"
Goldie says: "Oh, you'll stop the cave-in."
Goldie says: "You're Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge rushes off to try and stop the trail. Goldie blows him a kiss and pulls out both halves of the map. Scrooge chases the trail to where it dead ends, which wakes a sleeping bear. The bear roars in Scrooge's face.
Goldie says: "Sorry, Scrooge, but the Golden Lagoon is mine."
Goldie makes her way further into the caves, over rock falls, till she comes face to face with a bear. The bear knocks her over and she sees that Scrooge is riding the bear.
Goldie says: "Wait, what?!"
Goldie says: "!"
Goldie says: "But how?"
Scrooge says: "I'm Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "Get her, Nanook!"
Scrooge says: "That's the thieving rogue that spoiled your nap."
Scene shifts to Scrooge leading Nanook on a rope, Goldie tied to Nanook's back.
Scrooge says: "I don't understand it."
Scrooge says: "The completed map says the path to the falls should be right here."
Scrooge says: ""Ack, I thought I'd never have to gaze upon this grievous glacier again: Goldie: Aww!"
Scrooge says: "Why don't you hop in the ice to relive old times?"
Scrooge says: "We'll need to set up camp until I figure this out: Goldie: Aren't you going to untie me?"
Scrooge says: "And spoil the entertainment?"
Goldie says: "Come on."
Goldie says: "Why do you hold such a grudge against me, Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "You left me for dead in the Gobi Desert, sold me to Portuguese pirates, threw me out of an airship over the Himalayas..."
Goldie says: "Like you didn't love the challenge."
Scrooge says: "Ha ha ha, Why that biplane was a disaster."
Scrooge says: "I remember that deranged pilot."
Scrooge says: "Oh, what was his name?"
Scrooge says: "Frogurt."
Goldie says: "Oh, Foghorn, with the weird glass eye that turned out to be..."
Scrooge says: "..."
Goldie says: "..."
Scrooge says: "a marble!"
Goldie says: "a marble!"
Goldie says: "Oh, what happened, Scrooge?"
Goldie says: "Why is this time any worse than the others?"
Scrooge says: "You really don't know, do you?"
Scrooge says: "We spent five years, here, trapped in the ice with only our hatred for each other to keep us warm."
Scrooge says: "But after half a decade spent staring at your thieving face, something changed, and that warmth came from something else."
Scrooge says: "You could have freed me, but even after all that, you still abandoned me and left me for dead."
Goldie says: "You were supposed to follow me."
Goldie says: "That was our whole thing."
Scrooge says: "I was frozen in a giant glacier."
Goldie says: "You're Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge says: "What?"
Scrooge says: "That can't be your reason for everything."
Goldie says: "Scroogie, it's the only reason that matters."
Scrooge says: "You loved gold more than you loved me."
Goldie says: "And that's why you loved me."
Scrooge says: "Ach, yeesh."
Scrooge says: "Ach, cork it, Nanook, I already gave you half my salmon puffs."
Goldie says: "That's no bear."
Scrooge says: "It sounds like a waterfall."
Scrooge says: "We always believed this was a dead end, but years of erosion must have thinned the walls."
Scrooge says: "Nanook!"
Goldie says: "Ah, pure liquid gold!"
Scrooge says: "Woo ha ha!"
Scrooge says: "The Golden Lagoon of White Agony Plains."
Scrooge says: "We finally found it!"
Glomgold says: "Yes we did, Hahaha!"
Glomgold says: "Oof!"
Glomgold says: "That's right, Scrooge, we were working together this whole time."
Scrooge says: "Goldie!"
Scrooge says: "And back stabbed."
Glomgold says: "Once again Scrooge, you see there is nothing you can possess that I cannot..."
Glomgold says: "I'm sorry, is that a sack of Swedish meatballs?"
Glomgold says: "That's it."
Glomgold says: "Next gala, no buffet."
Goldie says: "What are you doing here?"
Goldie says: "I told you I was handling it."
Glomgold says: "And I was handling Scrooge."
Glomgold says: "I mean, I almost had him with that one-man elevator."
Goldie says: "You idiot!"
Goldie says: "I was in that one-man elevator, too."
Glomgold says: "what were you doing in a one-person elevator with Scrooge?"
Goldie says: "How many times do I have to tell you?"
Goldie says: "We are not a thing."
Glomgold says: "Ah, classic Glomgoldie repartee."
Scrooge says: "Wait, how did this happen?"
Glomgold says: "Oh you mean the greatest love story of all time?"
Glomgold says: "I remember it like it was yesterday."
Goldie says: "Ugh, it was yesterday."
Glomgold says: "Exactly."
Glomgold says: "I arrived at a party in my finest finery."
Glomgold says: "When we locked eyes, it was as if we were struck by an arrow from Eros, himself."
Glomgold says: "Yes, it was the beginning of a love written in the stars."
Goldie says: "You know we were there and literally none of that happened."
Goldie says: "We teamed up to con you out of the map so that you would find the treasure for us."
Goldie says: "End of story."
Scrooge says: "We had a deal."
Scrooge says: "I untied you from a bear."
Scrooge says: "How could you do this to me?"
Goldie says: "Because I'm Goldie O'Gilt."
Scrooge says: "Funny, somehow I keep forgetting."
Glomgold says: "As much as I enjoy watching this hilarious scene of rejection, I really love to destroy you before our dinner reservation at six."
Scrooge says: "We'll see about that!"
Scrooge says: "Yah!"
Scrooge says: "Nice Parry."
Goldie says: "Thanks, but let the lady lead."
Glomgold says: "Hey!"
Glomgold says: "I have a pickaxe too!"
Glomgold says: "Hah!"
Glomgold says: "Aah!"
The three fight over to a bridge.
Glomgold says: "Flintheart Glomgold will not be a third wheel!"
Goldie says: "Scrooge!"
Goldie says: "Ugh!"
Scrooge says: "Goldie!"
Goldie says: "Aahh!"
Scrooge says: "Ooh!"
Glomgold says: ""Help me, Scroogie, I'm stuck at the bottom of a boiling lagoon!"
Glomgold says: "" Ha hahaha!"
Glomgold says: "Fooled you!"
Glomgold says: "Look who ended up with Goldie and the gold!"
Glomgold says: "Classic GlomGoldieGold!"
Scrooge says: "Ah, Goldie."
Scrooge says: "I was so busy looking for treasure, I ignored the one staring me in the face, and stabbing me in the back."
Glomgold says: "Goodbye sweet princess."
Glomgold says: "If I had to choose between loving you, and killing him, it was kind of a no-brainer."
Glomgold says: "When I pull this lever, liquid hot gold will spew out of this derrick and will complete the Glomgold trifecta: stealing your girlfriend, ending you, and becoming the richest duck in the world!"
Glomgold says: "Oh pity you're not alive to witness this sweetums, I know how much you would have wanted this for me."
Scrooge says: "Can we wrap this up, already?"
Glomgold says: "Fair enough."
Glomgold says: "Three, two, one, Glom-GO!"
Glomgold says: "What's happening?"
Glomgold says: "Stupid, cheap, Glomgold brand derricks!"
Glomgold says: "What?"
Glomgold says: "Where'd she go?"
Goldie says: "Hoo de hoo, boys!"
Scrooge says: "Ah!"
Glomgold says: "But, how?"
Glomgold says: "She should have been burned to a crisp."
Goldie says: "Don't worry, at least you have each other!"
Scrooge says: "The Eye of Demigorgon makes you impervious to burns."
Scrooge says: "She knew the whole time."
Glomgold says: "Ugh, that two-timing, backstabbing thief!"
Glomgold says: "Get back here with my gold!"
Scrooge says: "Isn't she fantastic?"
Boys says: "Ooooohhh..."
Huey says: "Ooh, tell us about your date with your girlfriend."
Dewey says: "Yeah, and your marriage and your baby and your baby carriage."
Louie says: "Ooh, and if we get a new aunt will she give us lots of fancy presents..."
Louie says: "wait, she's not in the will, is she?"
Scrooge says: "Oh grow up!"
Scrooge says: ""Next time you need some gold in your life, come find me."