Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Episodes opens with a shot of the money bin."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge, you're sick."
Huey says: "You shouldn't be on your feet."
Scene changes to Scrooge entering the Bin building. Huey and Webby are seen behind him.
Scrooge says: "I have to make my morning meeting."
Scrooge says: "A stuffy nose and clogged ears won't kill me."
Webby says: "Yeah!"
Webby says: "He's vanquished mythical beasts, demonic armies, robot uprisings!"
Scrooge presses the up arrow for the elevator with his cane.
Huey says: "Which would probably wear out someone half his  advanced age."
Scrooge says: "Advanced age!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Elevator door opens and Manny comes out with a bucket full of invention items.
Manny says: "Where should I put this science waste from the lab?"
Scrooge says: "For the last time, I'm not sick!"
Huey is cut off by Scrooge closing the vault door of his bin.
Scrooge says: "Finally."
Scrooge says: "A quick dip before my meeting is all I need to find my vigor."
Scrooge dives and begins swimming in his gold, before stopping with a gasp.
Scrooge says: "I've been robbed!"
Scene change to a board room in the Money Bin, where Glomgold is sitting in a chair at the table and Zan Owlson is standing in front of a white board labeled 'Dimes for Ducklings'.
Owlson says: "Alright, I know you have this insane competition with Scrooge, but we also run this charity with him, so we have to look respectable."
Owlson says: "Focus?"
Owlson says: "Focus!"
As Owlson shouts, Glomgold sits up from where he has been slumped on the table. He glances around.
Glomgold says: "Wait..."
Glomgold says: "Listen Owlson, I know we've had our differences, but I'm very close to figuring out the perfect scheme."
Glomgold says: "I may have a way to make more money than Scrooge, win the bet, and take over his company!"
Glomgold says: "You're supposed to be smart, maybe you can help."
Glomgold says: "I just need to figure out how..."
Glomgold goes to write on the white board, and Owlson flips it around, smacking Glomgold in the face.
Owlson says: "Ah, ah, ah!"
Owlson says: "N."
Owlson says: "E."
Owlson says: "S."
Owlson says: "T."
Owlson says: "!"
Owlson says: "No Elaborate Schemes Today!"
Glomgold flips the board back around.
Glomgold says: "What about tonight?"
Owlson says: "No!"
Glomgold says: "Tomorrow?"
Owlson says: "Still a T!"
Glomgold says: "Well at the very least Tuesdays!"
Owlson says: "No!"
Owlson says: "No more schemes!"
Owlson says: "We run a multi-billion dollar business!"
Owlson says: "We can be a force for good in this world!"
Owlson says: "But not if you keep ruining my-our our reputation with your stupid, obviously evil schemes!"
Owlson says: "You want to beat Scrooge, don't you?"
Glomgold says: "Yes, Ms."
Glomgold says: "Owlson."
Owlson says: "Okay."
Owlson says: "Well to do that, you need to be more like him."
Owlson cuts off as Scrooge slams open the door.
Scrooge says: "It was you!"
Scrooge says: "I know it was you!"
Scrooge says: "Admit what you did, you cockamamie kleptomaniac."
Glomgold says: "Yes of course I did!"
Glomgold says: "Wait, what did I do?"
Scrooge says: "You stole money from my bin!"
Owlson says: "He's been here all morning."
Owlson says: "I've got the stress headache to prove it."
Scrooge says: "That's impossible!"
Scrooge says: "I did bin inventory just last night!"
Scrooge says: "It was all accounted for!"
Owlson says: "Are you okay?"
Owlson says: "You seem a little, well, to be the opposite of sane."
Scrooge glares at Owlson.
Scrooge says: "Manny!"
Scrooge says: "I'll need my top men!"
Elevator dings, revealing Webby, Dewey, and Huey. Huey holds a bowl of soup.
Scrooge says: "Follow me."
Gyro says: "The security system is fully operational, and primed to wreak maximum havoc."
Gyro says: "If a thief had entered this building, he had been caught and placed in cold storage awaiting genetic experimentation for Operation Gyrobot Apocalypse."
Gyro says: "It's all in the budget."
Scrooge says: "What?"
Gyro says: "Nothing."
Gyro says: "Everything's fine."
Huey says: "Chicken soup?"
Huey says: "Restorative nutrients."
Scrooge says: "Get me Gizmoduck."
Gizmoduck says: "Glomgold was with Zan Owlson, Mark Beaks was live posting at Coachella, and the Beagles were at the Con-con convicts convention."
Scrooge says: "What about Magica?"
Gizmoduck says: "Still no sign of her."
Scrooge says: "Hmm."
Huey says: "I get that this is a big deal, but Scrooge is in no condition to take on the stress, right now."
Huey says: "His nasal passages are dangerously clogged."
Webby says: "You'd be concerned, too if your impenetrable fortress was robbed."
Louie says: "WE'VE BEEN ROBBED?!"
Louie says: "!"
Louie says: "Oh the humanity."
Louie says: "Give it to me straight, Uncle Scrooge."
Louie says: "How much did I- uh, we- uh, you lose?"
Scrooge says: "Eighty-seven cents."
Scrooge says: "The amount doesn't matter."
Scrooge says: "What matters is the bin has been compromised."
Huey says: "If it's only a couple of coins, how could you possibly know they're actually missing?"
Webby says: "Because Uncle Scrooge knows every coin in there like the feathers in his tail."
Scrooge says: "Exactly Webbigail."
Scrooge says: "That's how I stay smarter than the smarties."
Scrooge says: "Once that goes, it's a slippery slope to being as smart as the smarties, and then  slightly less than the smarties."
Dewey says: "Uh, did you check your pockets?"
Scrooge says: "Did I check my pockets?"
Scrooge says: "Of course I checked my pockets."
Scrooge says: "They're not in my pockets."
Huey says: "How can you be sure they're even gone?"
Huey says: "You'd have to count every coin in the bin to prove it, and that would be crazy."
Dewey says: "Ugh."
Dewey says: "Huey and his stupid nerd brain."
Louie says: "455, 456, 457."
Huey says: "I for one think there's too much pressure on him."
Huey says: "He needs a good eight hours of sleep."
Louie says: "45- uh, oh c'mon!"
Louie says: "Ugh, 1, 2, 3."
Huey says: "Don't you think Uncle Scrooge seems a bit off?"
Webby says: "Hah."
Webby says: "He's never been more on."
Webby says: "He's at the height of his powers."
Huey says: "He's losing his mind."
Huey says: "Let me look at the symptoms in the Junior Woodchuck Guide-AH!"
Huey says: "Where is my Junior Woodchuck Guidebook?"
Huey says: "Whew, must have fallen out."
Huey says: "Weird."
Louie says: "What?"
Huey says: "Gold fever."
Huey says: "A serious condition caused by prolonged exposure to gold."
Scrooge says: "I will find you."
Huey says: "And going to outlandish extremes."
Huey says: "It may be fatal."
Webby says: "Last week, He bought a country to save on foreign postage."
Webby says: "That's just Scrooge."
Webby says: "Nothing is weird."
Scrooge says: "This is Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge says: "The bin is on total lock-down."
Scrooge says: "All non-security personal are hereby banished from the premises."
Scrooge says: "Good day."
Webby says: "Okay, this might be a little out of the ordinary."
Scrooge says: "Hello Duckburg."
Scrooge says: "By now, you know that my precious wee ones were kidnapped this morning."
Scrooge says: "Here is a recent picture."
Scrooge says: "Two quarters, two dimes, a spry gang of nickles, and a couple of scared little pennies."
Scrooge says: "Coins, if you're watching, I miss you very much."
Webby says: "What?"
Webby says: "Scrooge loves money?"
Webby says: "How weirdly uncharacteristic of him."
Webby says: "Please."
Louie says: "Shh."
Louie says: "This is important."
Louie says: "We have to protect every remaining coin in the bin."
Scrooge says: "This is what waits for the hapless monster that took them."
Scrooge says: "A ransom?"
Scrooge says: "Oh no."
Scrooge says: "A bounty on the foul head of the coin napper."
Scrooge says: "Two million dollars!"
Louie says: "Ugh, yep he's got gold fever."
Louie says: "He has to be stopped."
Webby says: "So, what's the plan for capturing the intruder?"
Dewey says: "Rope slings?"
Dewey says: "Tripwires?"
Scrooge says: "Oh, no no no."
Scrooge says: "None of that will be necessary, because I have a full arsenal at the ready."
Scrooge says: "I'd like to see you try to get in now, Chester!"
Huey says: "Hey Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "This is all great, looks like everything's taken care of, so you can go home and get some rest, huh?"
Scrooge says: "What part of "I shall not rest" do you not understand?"
Scrooge says: "Hah!"
Scrooge says: "You can't be too careful."
Scrooge says: "The faceless fiend struck again."
Scrooge says: "He stole my spats, but I made new ones out of those tissue boxes you left me, lad."
Scrooge says: "Ha ha ha, who's the sick one now, Chester?"
Webby says: "Ha ha ha, who is Chester?"
Webby says: "was it?"
Scrooge says: "He's the unknown."
Scrooge says: "He's the question."
Scrooge says: "There he is: Dewey: I'll get him."
Scrooge says: "Gizmoduck, fire!"
Gizmoduck says: "I don't see anything."
Scrooge says: "Hurry."
Scrooge says: "Attack before he gets away."
Scrooge says: "That's an order!"
Gizmoduck says: "Um, engage midriff missiles?"
Huey says: "No."
Huey says: "He is not of sound mind."
Huey says: "Don't fire!"
Scrooge says: "My mind is perfectly sound."
Scrooge says: "Load out the missiles!"
Gizmoduck says: "Ah!"
Launchpad says: "Ah, smoke?"
Launchpad says: "I haven't even hit the ground yet."
Gizmoduck says: "I'll handle this."
Gizmoduck says: "I'll handle this."
Gizmoduck says: "My helmet copter is stuck."
Gizmoduck says: "Someone else handle this."
Kids says: "Dewey!"
Launchpad says: "Oh no, It's every nightmare I've ever had."
Gizmoduck says: "Blathering blatherskite!"
Launchpad says: "Dewey!"
Roxanne Featherly says: "Authorities are already calling the disaster "Bridge-mageddon," and the rampant chaos was needlessly caused by Scrooge McDuck, himself."
Roxanne Featherly says: "McDuck's increasingly erratic behavior has driven investors to pull their money from his company and give it to safer, more stable businesses like- okay, this can't be right- Glomgold Industries?"
Owlson says: "I didn't think it was possible, but."
Glomgold says: "Hah, hear that McDuck?"
Glomgold says: "I'm more stable than you are!"
Owlson says: "Debatable."
Scrooge says: "He must be there somewhere, the swindling swine."
Gizmoduck says: "Mr."
Gizmoduck says: "McDuck, there's been a break-in."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge, we need to talk."
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Launchpad says: "I'll start."
Launchpad says: "Dear Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD."
Launchpad says: "They say it's not the years in your life but the life in your years."
Launchpad says: "Happy birthday."
Huey says: "Give me that."
Huey says: "What Launchpad means to say is we're all really worried about you."
Webby says: "Some of us are just here to see you triumphantly capture the thief."
Huey says: "You have to face the truth."
Huey says: "No one stole 87 cents from you."
Huey says: "You have gold fever and you're very, very sick."
Huey says: "Any more exposure to gold could kill you."
Webby says: "Don't worry Scrooge."
Webby says: "Dewey and I believe in you."
Dewey says: "There's something about your uncle firing missiles and a plane at you that sort of changes you mind."
Webby says: "Dewey."
Huey says: "This is about saving Scrooge's life, not choosing sides."
Manny says: "I pick the red kids' side."
Scrooge says: "Et tu, headless man horse?"
Scrooge says: "Well, forget all of you."
Scrooge says: "If you don't want to help me find the intruder, then I don't need you, you bunch of traitors."
Scrooge says: "There's a perfectly simple explanation for all of this."
Scrooge says: "It's all Chester the inter-dimensional imp."
Scrooge says: "He prances in and out of reality attacking me bit by bit."
Scrooge says: "First, the sneaky scoundrel licked everything in my office and stole my spats."
Scrooge says: "Then he nabbed my 87 cents."
Scrooge says: "Oh, you think you have everyone fooled, but oh no, not me, I'm onto you."
Scrooge says: "Ah hah hah hah!"
Huey says: "Look at all the weight you've lost."
Huey says: "Your clothes don't even fit."
Scrooge says: "That's Chester."
Scrooge says: "He dances in my clothes while I sleep, and stretches them all out."
Webby says: "Maybe you're right."
Webby says: "Maybe it is all Chester, but maybe you should listen to Huey."
Webby says: "Step away from the gold, and get some rest just in case you're wrong?"
Scrooge says: "No."
Scrooge says: "I'll prove it to you."
Scrooge says: "I'll count the money myself."
Huey says: "Please, Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "If you jump into that gold, you could die!"
Webby says: "Hup."
Webby says: "Stop this."
Webby says: "Maybe you're both right."
Scrooge says: "No, because I know I'm not crazy."
Scrooge says: "Out of my way."
fight ensues says: "Launchpad: No, Mr."
fight ensues says: "McD."
fight ensues says: "Not on your birthday."
Scrooge says: "Nobody keeps me from my gold!"
Roxanne Featherly says: "In shocking market news, Glomgold Industries rises to the top of the stock index, making Flintheart Glomgold the richest duck in the world."
Owlson says: "Congratulations, Flintheart."
Owlson says: "I've literally never been more surprised by anything in my life."
Glomgold says: "Thank you, Owlson."
Glomgold says: "I can't wait to shove this in McDuck's smug face!"
Roxanne Featherly says: "This just in."
Roxanne Featherly says: "Scrooge McDuck has apparently died of gold fever."
Glomgold says: "Huh?"
Owlson says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "No!"
Donald says: "He was too young!"
Donald says: "Oh no!"
Gizmoduck says: "Engage bagpipes."
The song "All I Do Is Win" by DJ Khaled plays says: "Glomgold: I win!"
Louie says: "Grr, huh?"
Glomgold says: "Owlson, help me up onto his casket so I can dance on it."
Owlson says: "We'll be taking our seats."
Glomgold says: "Oh fine, I'll sit down, so you can mourn the second richest duck in the world, and I beat him fair and square."
Owlson says: "Well technically, no you didn't."
Owlson says: "Gold fever did, but again, this is a wildly inappropriate time to discuss it."
Glomgold says: "oh!"
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge taught us all so much, but perhaps the most important thing was the importance of listening to your family."
Huey says: "After he passed, we decided that it would only be fair to his memory to at least consider his theory."
Huey says: "If this hypothetical thief were real, he would have to have been a master genius."
Huey says: "It would have to have been a scheme so elaborate, and so complex, some might even call it the perfect scheme."
Huey says: "Was this indeed a master criminal genius?"
Huey says: "In the end, the sad truth is there could never be any master villain capable of pulling off such a genius scheme."
Huey says: "Scrooge died of gold fever."
Glomgold says: "Grr!"
Glomgold says: "No!"
Glomgold says: "it was me!"
Glomgold says: "I did it!"
Glomgold says: "I'm the evil genius!"
Glomgold says: "It was me, and my time teaser."
Glomgold says: "Greatest scheme ever."
Glomgold says: "In your face, Owlson!"
Glomgold says: "Dig Scrooge's mourning family."
Glomgold says: "I'm the richest duck in the world, and here's how I did it."
Manny says: "Where should I put this science waste from the lab?"
Scrooge says: "For the last time, I'm not sick."
Glomgold says: "Hmm."
Glomgold says: "Ha ha, I get it."
Glomgold says: "You're ignoring me."
Glomgold says: "Owlson?"
Glomgold says: "Owlson?"
Glomgold says: "Hello?"
Glomgold walks out of the bin to find the whole world frozen in time.
Glomgold says: "Why aren't you moving?"
Glomgold says: "Is this some kind of game?"
Glomgold says: "Answer me, baby!"
12 MONTHS LATER says: "Glomgold: Your will is strong baby."
12 MONTHS LATER says: "You remind me of a young me."
Owlson says: "-but we also run this charity with him, so we have to look respectable."
Owlson says: "Focus?"
Owlson says: "Focus!"
Glomgold says: "What the."
Glomgold says: "And having mastered space and time, I immediately enacted my scheme to rob Scrooge blind."
Glomgold enters Scrooge's bin and tries to take his money, but he's too weak to take even a single bag up the ladder.
Glomgold says: "But I realized, why take it all, when a little would drive him insane?"
Glomgold says: "Whose scheme sounds crazy now, Owlson?"
Owlson says: "This one still does."
Glomgold says: "But you haven't heard it all."
Scrooge says: "Admit what you did, you cockamamie kleptomaniac."
Owlson says: "Are you okay, you seem a little, well, the opposite of sane."
Scrooge says: "Hmm."
Glomgold uses the time teaser to add a page to Huey's guidebook, and play with Scrooge's mind in the way Scrooge has suspected.
Glomgold says: "Hah hah hah."
Glomgold says: "What?"
Glomgold says: "You're alive?"
Glomgold says: "And a horse?"
Scrooge says: "Yes, of course I'm alive, you idiot."
Scrooge says: "I took my own advice, and listened to my family."
Flash back to Scrooge about to dive into the money bin.
Scrooge says: "Ah choo!"
Scrooge says: "Ah choo!"
Scrooge says: "Ah choo!"
Scrooge says: "Okay, maybe I am a wee bit sick."
Huey says: "But maybe you're not crazy."
Scrooge says: "I rested for the day, then we put our heads together, and realized this was obviously all your idiotic scheme to win the bet."
Webby says: "You were Chester."
Huey says: "So we staged the funeral to get you to admit that you committed fraud."
Scrooge says: "Legally making me the richest duck in the world again."
Scrooge says: "Thank you."
Donald says: "You're alive?"
Donald says: "You're alive!"
Dewey says: "You forgot to tell Donald?"
Louie says: "Whoops!"
Scrooge says: "So you can never beat me, Flinty, because I have my family to keep me grounded."
Scrooge says: "Also, I'm Scrooge McDuck, and I'm even better at being crazy than you."
Glomgold says: "ARGH!"
Glomgold wrestles Scrooge for the time teaser and both crash out of the window.
Scrooge and Glomgold are suspended in midair.
Huey says: "They must have reversed the time teaser."
Beakley says: "What do you do the next time your uncle goes mad with suspicion?"
Webby says: "Call Mrs."
Dewey says: "Call Mrs."
Huey says: "Call Mrs."
Webby says: "Beakley."
Dewey says: "Beakley."
Huey says: "Beakley."
Louie says: "Fake Scrooge's death."
Glomgold says: "Ah!"
Scrooge says: "Thank you, Beakley."
Beakley says: "Don't mention it."
Beakley says: "Really."
Scrooge says: "See you tomorrow, Flinty."
Glomgold says: "Ugh."