Episode Info says: "Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Episode begins with a shot of McDuck Manor."
Episode Info says: "Voice over begins."
Johnny says: "Welcome to the all new 'Ottoman Empire'!"
Johnny says: "I'm Johnny, the brains of the outfit."
Johnny says: "And also the handsome one, because certain co-hosts think that I'm in the way of him becoming a star."
Johnny says: "But you know what they say!"
Johnny says: "When the going gets tough..."
Johnny says: "I actually don't know Randy's half of the catchphrase."
Louie is lounging on the couch as Scrooge comes into the room.
Scrooge says: "Louie!"
Scrooge says: "I've got something for ya!"
Scrooge says: "There was a printing error on these business cards, so I got them for free!"
Scrooge says: "You can just cross out the Scrooge and Mc and fill in with your own name and company, eh?"
Louie says: "First of all, what is a business card?"
Louie says: "And secondly, I'm kind of over the whole 'Louie Incorporated' thing."
Scrooge says: "But I thought you were off to patent your.."
Scrooge says: "eh.."
Scrooge says: "what was it?"
Scrooge says: "Car bed?"
Louie says: "Oh, the Nap-and-Go?"
Louie says: "Yeah, had to scrap it."
Scrooge says: "Did someone else claim the idea first?"
Louie says: "Nope."
Scrooge says: "Ah, so you found a design flaw you couldn't work around?"
Louie says: "Nope."
Scrooge slumps says: "Scrooge:  Was there a line at the Patent office?"
Louie says: "Bugh, at least five people deep!"
Louie says: "I realized it just wasn't worth it."
Scrooge says: "Iron my own gyles."
Scrooge says: "You're dropping all your hopes and dreams at the first sign of an obstacle!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Louie says: "Classic Louie."
Scrooge says: "I will not be third person speechified too!"
Scrooge says: "That's it."
Scrooge lifts the couch cushion, dumping Louie onto the neighboring cushion. Louie shrieks.
Scrooge says: "Lad, it's time I regail you with a rather simple saga."
Scene shifts to a wild west style rock formations says: "Scrooge:  There I was..."
Scene shifts back to the TV room.
Louie says: "Hold up!"
Louie says: "Is this another old time-y Scrooge story about grit and determination?"
Scrooge says: "Just pay attention."
Scrooge says: "So there I was, in a town called Gumption."
Scene shifts back to the past to see a young Scrooge cresting a hill surrounded by cacti.
Scrooge says: "Mining for a future."
Scrooge says: "Self desperate for a big score."
Scrooge in the past.
Time to claim my destiny!
Louie says: "Oh boy."
Scrooge walks down towards a town bordered by a river and a train track.
Intro says: "Pan down from the sky to the town."
Intro says: ""The Outlaw Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "My travels had brought me to Gumption, a town full of golden promise and promise of gold."
Scrooge says: "I had the good sense that there was an ocean of oreum under this scrubby land waiting to be unearthed."
Scrooge is seen mining with a pickax says: "Scrooge:  Nothing could stop me."
Scrooge is seen mining with a pickax says: "Nothing would get in my way of claiming a McDuck gold nugget."
Past Scrooge grunts as he swings his pick to uncover a gleaming gold nugget.
Past Scrooge says: "Great globs of gold!"
Scrooge tucks the nugget in his hat. He lights a piece of dynamite and places it in the rocks. He places his pick in a bucket and climbs a ladder that goes out of the mine. As he nears the top, a rung breaks and Scrooge falls back into the mine as the dynamite blows. Scrooge pushes a fallen beam off to find himself partially buried in rocks.
Past Scrooge says: "Oh."
Scrooge says: "My failure caused me to get reckless and now I was utterly trapped."
Scrooge says: "I wasn't sure if I'd survive to see another face."
A shadow appears from above.
Marshall says: "Howdy, friend!"
Marshall says: "It's me, Sheriff Marshall Cabrera!"
Scrooge says: "Well which is it?"
Scrooge says: "Sheriff or Marshall?"
Marshall says: "My name is Marshall, but I happen to be Gumption's town sheriff."
Marshall says: "Though my friends actually call me Deputy, which was my nickname before I got the promotion."
Marshall says: "Hard to stick a nickname."
Marshall says: "Anyways, need some help?"
Scrooge says: "Yes."
Scrooge says: "Could you find me someone who is not you?"
A spoon opens a can of beans.
Marshall says: "Haven't seen you at any of Gumption's town hall meetings."
Scrooge says: "Prefer it that way."
Scrooge says: "I work alone."
Marshall says: "Well, there's a big towner from the big city coming through, promising big things for Gumption!"
Marshall says: "I wanted to let all you prospectors know."
Scrooge says: "Uh, pardon me."
Scrooge says: "It may be a precaution, but I thought I heard you add an 's' to the very singular prospector."
Scrooge says: "As in Scrooge McDuck, the only prospector in town."
Marshall says: "Gumption's picking up."
Marshall says: "We're a two prospector town now."
He points to across the town where a second camp is set up.
Scrooge says: "Gah!"
Scrooge says: "Horder swaggling horder!"
Scrooge says: "I'll turn him inside out!"
Scrooge marches out of his camp.
Scrooge says: "What no good claim hopper miscreant would dare steal from Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Goldie says: "Hoodeehoo!"
Goldie says: "Scroogie!"
Scrooge turns, rolls his eyes, and groans.
Scrooge says: "Of course."
Louie cuts in says: "Louie: Nope, gross."
scene returns to present says: "Louie: Nope, gross."
Louie cuts in says: "Old people romance, blegh."
scene returns to present says: "Old people romance, blegh."
Scrooge says: "We weren't old back then."
Louie says: "It's impossible to picture you young."
Scrooge says: "Goldie was and remains a pain in my pen feathers."
Scrooge says: "No romance there."
Louie says: "So there's no getting mushy, no kissing, no hand holding?"
Scrooge says: "Well..."
Scene cuts back to the past where Scrooge and Goldie are 'holding hands' while struggling to push the other back.
Scrooge says: "You coffee boiling bunkle artist!"
Goldie says: "You hard cased old croaker!"
Marshal says: "Oh good!"
Marshal says: "You two know each other!"
Marshal says: "I want to remind y'all once more that the town hall meeting is tomorrow."
Marshal says: "Um, farewell?"
Scrooge says: "You're encroaching on my payduct!"
Goldie says: "How do you know I didn't find the claim first and you're stealing from me!"
Goldie says: "?"
Scrooge's eyes go wide and he backs away from Goldie.
Scrooge says: "Is that true!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Goldie says: "No."
Goldie says: "I followed you here to steal your gold."
Goldie says: "But the fact that you didn't think the opposite is hurtful, Scroogie."
Scrooge says: "Gah!"
Scrooge says: "Take a right, Goldie!"
Scrooge says: "I've had enough of your babbling bazo."
Scene cuts to present.
Louie says: "Woah."
Louie says: "Can we cut back on the old prospector slang a bit?"
Scene returns to Scrooge and Goldie yelling at each other on the edge of town.
Scrooge says: "Get lost, dude!"
Scrooge says: "You're killing my vibe, man!"
Louie says: "Nope, uh-uh!"
Louie says: "That's worse!"
Louie says: "Just go on."
Goldie says: "I'm not going anywhere, ya tightwad!"
Scrooge says: "Then you'll have to race me to the motherload, cause I'm working day and night until I find that gold!"
Goldie throws a pickax, which lands on Scrooge's foot.
Scrooge says: "Gah, ow!"
Goldie says: "You'll need that, hun, cause I just bought out all the town's dynamite."
Scrooge says: "Grr!"
The two march towards their respective camps. Scrooge wields his pickax through the night, pausing at a rumble which is being cause by Goldie dropping dynamite into a hole. Scrooge picks himself up off the ground, but the pickax head breaks and falls on his foot.
Scrooge says: "Oh!"
Scrooge says: "Ow!"
Scrooge says: "Ugh!"
Scrooge kicks the ax head at the wall and it strikes, causing the wall to crack open.
Scrooge says: "Ah!"
Scrooge straps the broken ax head to his foot and uses it as a second pickax to mine twice as fast. Meanwhile, Goldie is planting more dynamite in her mine. Goldie eventually runs out of dynamite and has to use a pickax of her own. Scrooge's shoe pickax has its tip break off, and he and Goldie make their way to a large chunk of gold that is between their mines.
Scrooge says: "Ah hah!"
Goldie says: "Ah ha!"
The rocks around both of them crumble as the nugget is lifted out of the ground in the middle of town, Scrooge and Goldie still attached. The machine that has dug up the nugget backs up.
Marshall says: "Hey, you made it!"
Marshall says: "Prospectors, meet John D."
Marshall says: "Rockerduck, the new owner of Gumption!"
Rockerduck says: "Howdy har!"
Rockerduck says: "Always a pleasure meeting grubby working class heroes like yourselves!"
A camera goes off with a puff of smoke. Rockerduck removes his gloves.
Rockerduck says: "I'll burn those later."
Rockerduck says: "Sheriff, can you kindly remove these sourdoughs from my precious gold nugget?"
The nugget is now on the ground, Scrooge and Goldie stand nearby as Rockerduck approaches it.
Rockerduck says: "You need a name."
Rockerduck says: "The Gilded Gift?"
Rockerduck says: "The Thank You Kindly?"
Rockerduck says: "The Big Rock of Gold?"
Rockerduck says: "No, the Rockerduck Nugget."
Rockerduck says: "I mean, why over think it?"
Scrooge says: "That's the McDuck Nugget!"
Scrooge says: "What's the meaning of this thievery: Goldie: Don't mind this rube."
Scrooge says: "So!"
Scrooge says: "What the meaning of this pilfering!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Rockerduck says: "Thievery?"
Rockerduck says: "Pilfering?"
Rockerduck says: "Oh, no, I'm putting the humble plume town of- what is it?"
Rockerduck says: "Gut punch?"
Marshall says: "Gumption!"
Rockerduck says: "Ah, Gumption, on the map."
Rockerduck says: "Make it one of the shining mega-cities of the American West!"
Rockerduck says: "I've invested heavily in this charming burb with its sand and tumble weeds and weathered sun-burnt faces."
Rockerduck says: "And all I ask for in return is the right to drill a tiny hole in the center of town."
Rockerduck holds out the town deed.
Scrooge says: "But I staked a claim on this plot months ago!"
Rockerduck says: "Yes, but if I own the town, I own everything in it and under it."
Goldie says: "Do you know who you're messing with?"
Goldie says: "That's the Buckaroo of the Badlands, the Maverick of the Montana Cattle Wars, the legendary Scrooge McDuck!"
Goldie says: "You cross him and get ready for a cross hook across your jaw!"
Goldie says: "Ain't that right?"
Scrooge says: "Get you're plundering paws off my cashes."
Goldie says: "You going to take that guff from this foolish, mangy, flee-bitten peasant?"
Goldie says: "Put his filth mitts all over your finely pressed suit?"
Rockerduck says: "That would cost you, small timer."
Rockerduck says: "I studied Queensbury rules."
Rockerduck says: "Put up your dukes."
Rockerduck says: "Jab, jab."
Rockerduck says: "Uppercut."
Rockerduck says: "Cross."
Rockerduck says: "I'll butter your bean."
Scrooge stares before yanking Rockerduck's hat down over his head, using it to pin Rockerduck's arms, and proceeds to use Rockerduck's head as a punching bag.
Goldie says: "Sheriff Marshall!"
Goldie says: "A fight's breaking out!"
Marshall pulls Scrooge off of Rockerduck.
Marshall says: "For a starving prospector, you are very strong!"
The crowd cheers, and Goldie runs to the controls of the machine. She begins to get away with the gold, when the machine stops dead. A glance back reveals a dog in a suit built like a wall who has stopped the machine with one hand.
Goldie says: "Ya big galoot!"
Goldie says: "You're not going to stand for this!"
Goldie says: "Uh, do you know who you are..."
Goldie says: "?"
Goldie says: "Ugh, horse feathers, I ran out of people to pit against each other."
The dog's hand covers the camera. The next scene starts with Marshall locking Scrooge and Goldie into a cell.
Scrooge says: "You're making a big mistake!"
Marshall says: "Sorry, the law's the law."
Scrooge and Goldie both sit on the lower bunk in the cell.
Goldie says: "I should have never left Dawson."
Goldie says: "At least the sheriff there had the common decency to be crooked!"
Johnny slides through the frame on an ottoman.
Johnny says: "What a mess, eh?"
Johnny says: "How will they get out of this tight spot?"
Johnny says: "Find out when we come back with more all new 'Ottoman Empire'!"
Scene changes back to the present.
Scrooge says: "I don't remember that part..."
Louie is watching 'Ottoman Empire' on the TV. Scrooge clears his throat.
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "I'm so invested in your story that I wanted to record this to watch later."
Louie says: "It's a compliment!"
Scrooge turns off the TV with his cane.
Scrooge says: "Anyway!"
Scene fades to the past says: "Scrooge: Once again, you've gotten in my way of striking it rich!"
Goldie says: "Me!"
Goldie says: "?"
Goldie says: "It's not my fault that you started brawling with Rockerduck!"
Scrooge says: "It was literally your fault!"
Goldie says: "And a lot of good it did me!"
Goldie says: "Now we're stuck in here together!"
Goldie throws a pillow at Scrooge's face, he growls and glares in return.
Gyro says: "Enough!"
Goldie says: "Who are you?"
Gyro says: "Nobody."
Gyro says: "Just your common crackpot outlaw, definitely not a brilliant scientist from the future accidentally stuck in the old West."
Gyro says: "I mean current West."
Scrooge says: "I am going to throttle that rich cad and get my gold back!"
Scrooge says: "Nothing will stand in my way!"
Scrooge says: "Or you!"
Scrooge says: "Or that weird fella up there."
Marshall says: "Best get that business out your head."
Marshall says: "The man and the gold are on a train leaving town."
Goldie says: "You let him go!"
Scrooge says: "You let him go!"
Goldie says: "?"
Scrooge says: "?"
Marshall says: "Oh, he'll be back soon enough to rebuild Gumption as promised."
Marshall says: "Mr."
Marshall says: "Rockerduck is good people: Gyro:  John D."
Marshall says: "Rockerduck?"
Marshall says: "He was historically infamous for swindling every town he hit."
Marshall says: "Robbing them of all mineral rights and leaving behind a ghost town."
Marshall says: "No, no."
Marshall says: "You've got it wrong."
Marshall says: "He's gonna put Gumption on the map!"
Marshall says: "Make it a famous city that everybody's heard of!"
Goldie says: "What now, Scroogie?"
Scrooge says: "I'm fixing to steal what I rightfully earned."
Scrooge says: "The outlaw Scrooge McDuck has a train to rob."
Goldie says: "Maybe don't say that til we're out of jail."
Scrooge says: "Together we are going to form a notorious posse and bring the McDuck Nugget back to Gumption!"
Goldie says: "And why should we help you?"
Scrooge says: "Because we love gold more than we hate each other."
He sticks out his hand, Goldie shakes it.
Scrooge says: "First, we need to find a way to bust out of this hoosegow!"
Scrooge says: "Some nitric acid perhaps?"
Scrooge says: "Or a spoon to slowly saw through the bars..."
The door opens.
Marshall says: "Or I could just let you out."
Goldie says: "How can we trust this lawman to help with a heist?"
Marshall says: "Ma'am, this tin star here means I'll pursue justice against all crooks, especially swindlers that aim to do harm to my town."
Scrooge says: "At a lad!"
Marshall says: "So how are we going to catch up to this train?"
Scrooge says: "Oi!"
Scrooge says: "Wacky nameless inventor!"
Scrooge says: "Any ideas?"
Gyro grins. Scene shifts to Marshall, Goldie, and Scrooge sitting outside the jail. Gyro wheels around something that is floating.
Gyro says: "Rocket horses!"
The other's exclaim their interest.
Gyro says: "Good."
Gyro says: "Glad you liked it, because my backup plan was..."
Gyro says: "problematic."
Camera moves to show rockets strapped to a horse, which blasts off into the sky.
Scrooge says: "Goldie will distract Rockerduck, as I lift the key for the cargo car containing the nugget."
Goldie turns, dressed in a fancy dress and hair up in a bun.
Goldie says: "There is no way Dirty Dowers Scrooge McDuck could pass off as..."
Goldie says: "wealthy."
The four outlaws are lined up next to the tracks on their rocket horses.
Marshall says: "I'm not one for these new-fangled science doohickeys."
Marshall says: "Prefer a trusty thoroughbred."
Marshall says: "A horse galloping at a steady thirty miles per hour could out pace these limited rudimentary propulsion engines."
Gyro says: "You are very familiarly frustrating to me."
Scrooge says: "Saddle up, outlaws."
Scrooge says: "Yeehaw!"
In the dining car of the train, Rockerduck sits, surrounded by well dressed people.
Rockerduck says: "I get such a thrill hustling these dirt-water towns."
Rockerduck says: "I mean, who drinks dirt water?"
Rockerduck says: "Ha!"
Rockerduck says: "Dummies, that's who."
Rockerduck says: "Oh, I'm rich."
Rich Person 1.
But sir? Do you feel no guilt in breaking your promises? Everyone stops laughing, except Rockerduck.
Rockerduck says: "Geez."
Rockerduck's bodyguard cracks his knuckles and Rich Person 1 is thrown off of the train. He rolls past the outlaws.
Rockerduck says: "Ah, much better."
Rockerduck says: "This is a luxury locomotive, not some chicken barn!"
Scrooge and Goldie leap onto the train car. They slip into the dinning car where Rockerduck has dumped the soup on the waiter's head.
Rockerduck says: "Why am I even eating scorching hot food in scorching hot weather?"
Rockerduck says: "Why was it even on the menu?"
Rockerduck says: "Cold up this soup!"
Rockerduck says: "Cold it up!"
Scrooge and Goldie take seats at a table.
Scrooge says: "There's Rockerduck."
Rockerduck says: "Look what you've done, you've got me worked up!"
Scrooge says: "I'll snag the key from him as you do, well, what you do best."
Goldie stands, walks up the piano player, and whispers in his ear. She then takes a lady's scarf.
Goldie says: "May I have your attention!"
Goldie says: "Follow me for the key change and try to keep up!"
Goldie says: "Oh, hey handsome."
Goldie says: "All eyes on me, this song's not done."
Goldie says: "Work faster!"
Goldie says: "Let's have fun!"
Goldie says: "Did someone just shout reprise?"
Goldie says: "Sorry."
Goldie says: "Gold gets in my eyes!"
Goldie says: "Key change!"
Scene changes to Gyro and Marshall with the robot horses forming a stagecoach.
Gyro says: "Listen up, ludite!"
Gyro says: "Lasso the gold nugget into the nodes here, then pump the velocitaror."
Gyro says: "Faster."
Gyro says: "Faster!"
Gyro says: "No, too fast!"
The stagecoach explodes, and Gyro is knocked out.
Marshall says: "No!"
Marshall says: "No!"
Marshall says: "No!"
Marshall says: "This is calamage."
Marshall says: "Waterloo!"
Marshall says: "The ruin!"
Marshall says: "How am I going to catch the train now!"
Marshall says: "?"
Marshall stands to see the train passing by.
Scene shifts to present.
Louie says: "Hold up a second!"
Louie says: "How could you possibly know what the sheriff and the inventor were talking about when you were on the train!"
Louie says: "?"
Scrooge says: "Look who's suddenly invested."
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "It's just a- just please keep going."
Back to the past.
Marshall says: "Come on, wake up, wake up!"
Marshall says: "We're missing the train!"
Marshall gathers some of the broken pieces frantically, tripping backwards, he gets a piece stuck on his hand like a glove.
Marshall says: "Blastering blatherskites!"
Marshall says: "Get this contraption off me!"
Marshall falls again, and a helmet ends up on his head. He spots a wheel and has an idea.
The train rolls on as Scrooge unlocks the door to the gold.
Scrooge says: "Eureka!"
Rockerduck's bodyguard drops from the ceiling. Scrooge attempts to punch him, but the bodyguard doesn't move an inch. He then attempts to slam his fists down on Scrooge, who dodges. Scrooge is caught and lifted into the air.
Scrooge says: "Hands off you humongous hooligan!"
Goldie says: "You heard the codger!"
Goldie says: "Hands off!"
Goldie blows makeup in the bodyguard's face, causing him to drop Scrooge. Scrooge and Goldie attempt to open the train car door, and are both caught and lifted into the air. The car door is ripped off by Marshall in a Wild West version of the Gizmoduck suit.
Marshall says: "Stop in the name of the law, woah!"
The train thunders towards a bridge over the river.
Goldie says: "Hurry!"
Goldie says: "That's Gumption Gulch approaching fast!"
Scrooge ties the knot on the gold and tosses it to Marshall, who pulls the nugget out of the train car and onto his back.
Scrooge says: "Ready to jump?"
Scrooge and Goldie prepare to jump, but are lifted into the air by the bodyguard. Scrooge briefly swings at him before getting an idea.
Scrooge says: "Look here, friend."
Scrooge says: "Rockerduck has no regard for hard working lads like us, born from the grid."
Scrooge says: "Don't you know who you are?"
Scrooge says: "A working class hoofer, just like us?"
Scrooge says: "Only much, much, much bigger."
Scrooge says: "You deserve a piece of this too!"
Scrooge tucks the gold in the bodyguard's coat pocket and grins nervously.
Scrooge leaps to the gold nugget, and Goldie is tossed onto the gold by the bodyguard. The bodyguard salutes them as Marshall drives on.
In the dinning car, Rockerduck tastes his soup.
Rockerduck says: "Ah, perfectly tepid."
Rockerduck says: "What!"
Rockerduck says: "?"
Scrooge and Goldie are seen outside Rockerduck's window with the gold. Scrooge raises his hat and Goldie blows a kiss.
Rockerduck says: "Well, dang."
Goldie says: "Woohoo!"
Scrooge says: "Woohoo!"
Marshall says: "Back to Gumption!"
The gauge of Marshall's suit points into the red and begins steaming. The suit swerves and Scrooge and Goldie fall off. Marshall climbs out of the suit and it careens on without him.
Scrooge says: "Wait!"
Scrooge says: "The gold!"
Scrooge and Goldie chase after the runaway suit and nugget as it plunges into Gumption Gulch and explodes. Scrooge comes to the cliff edge and stares at the gold flecks falling into the river below. He opens his mouth to scream.
Scene shifts to present.
Louie says: "Nooo!!!"
Scene shifts back to the past with gold raining into the river. Scrooge, Goldie, and Marshall return to Gumption. Scrooge and Goldie look frazzled.
Marshall says: "Well, we didn't get the gold."
Marshall says: "But at least Rockerduck didn't get it either, right?"
Scrooge grunts, walking over to a horse trough.
Scrooge says: "Heck of a missed opportunity."
Scrooge dunks his head in the water of the horse trough. In the background, Gyro can be seen wheeling an invention involving a bath tub out of a building. Townsfolk run by.
Townsfolk says: "Oh, there's gold!"
Scrooge looks up in confusion.
Goldie says: "Uh, what is going on?"
Townsfolk says: "Gold!"
Townsfolk says: "Gold!"
Townsfolk says: "Get out of my way, I want that gold!"
Townsfolk says: "Hey slow down!"
Townsfolk says: "Yipee!"
The townsfolk are running to the river with pans and bags. They are seen holding gold nuggets and other float by in the river.
Scrooge says: "Of course!"
Scrooge says: "Gumption Gulch flows right back into town!"
Marshall says: "You helped return the gold back to Gumption!"
Marshall says: "You're not outlaws!"
Marshall says: "You're heroes!"
Marshall hugs Scrooge and Goldie. In the background, Gyro is seen adding a final piece to the invention before climbing into the bath tub and disappearing in a flash of light.
Scrooge says: "Heroes!"
Scrooge says: "Yes, much better than gold."
Scrooge says: "Much better!"
Goldie says: "Oh, Scroogie!"
Goldie says: "Why do you suppose that I come all the way out here?"
Scrooge says: "To, uh, get one over on me?"
Goldie says: "Well, that, but also I wanted to see you again."
Scrooge says: "Uh, um."
Scrooge says: "It's.."
Scrooge says: "good to see you too."
Goldie says: "You and that sweet kisser."
Goldie leans in for a kiss, closing her eyes. Scrooge hesitantly leans in, closing his eyes. Goldie opens her eyes, smirk on her face, and slaps him with a panning tin. The force causes Scrooge to stumble back into the horse trough.
Goldie says: "Oops!"
Goldie races for the river.
Scrooge says: "Oh no you don't!"
Scene shifts to the exterior of McDuck Manor.
Scrooge says: "I did create a profitable panning venture."
Scrooge says: "Until that led to the Great Goldwater battle of Gumption."
Louie says: "Whoa!"
Louie says: "Wait!"
Louie says: "This isn't the end!"
Louie says: "?"
Louie crosses his arms in a huff.
Scrooge says: "Well no, becoming rich is an endless cycle of obstacles and opportunities."
Louie says: "Then what's the point!"
Louie says: "?"
Scrooge says: "Let me rephrase."
Scrooge says: "How do you want to make your fortune?"
Scrooge says: "By being a conman like Rockerduck?"
Scrooge says: "A shifty operator like Goldie?"
Scrooge says: "Or an industrious, resourceful, self-made man like your dear uncle?"
Louie taps his fingers together, considering his options. Before he can respond, there is a flash of light and Gyro and his bath tub time machine appear.
Gyro says: "What year is it!"
Gyro says: "?"
Scrooge says: "Wha-?"
Scrooge says: "Oh!"
Scene shifts to Louie's wall, 'Louie HQ' is written on it.
Louie says: "Hello, Miss O'Gilt?"
Louie says: "Can I call you Goldie?"
Louie says: "Absolutely not, great."
Louie says: "I'm looking to operate my company more shiftily."
Louie says: "Could you teach me to do what you do?"
Louie says: "Uh, yeah."
Louie says: "It probably would make my uncle very mad."