The episode opens with Donald, followed by Louie, Webby, Huey, Dewey, Scrooge and two pig tourists walking through a forest. The male pig takes a photo with his camera. While a South American bird flies overhead, the tourists all reach a town with a banner reading "Bem-vindos A Festa Da Flor" and a spiky plant in the center with roots coming out of the ground.
Music.
Webby says: "The Feast of The Flower!"
Webby says: "A festival of food, dancing, and music that celebrates the once a year bloom of the legendary Drosera occidendum, a one of a kind flower."
Louie says: "Never heard of it."
Webby says: "Me neither!"
Webby says: "A cultural tradition I know nothing about!"
Webby says: "Do you know how rare that is?"
Webby says: "What are you doing?"
Dewey says: "Documenting my adventures."
Dewey says: "The people would wanna feel like they were here with me."
Dewey says: "This place is going to look great on my profile."
Webby says: "It already looks great."
Dewey says: "But now it's in sepia."
Dewey says: "Ehhh?"
Dewey says: "Eeeeeeeehehehe?"
Donald says: "Oh boy, I can't wait to see my pals!"
Louie says: "Sorry, who are these friends of yours?"
Huey says: "And why haven't we heard of them?"
Huey says: "And why did you all stop speaking?"
Huey says: "And..."
Louie says: "Please, not everything is a dark family secret."
Donald says: "Kids, I have a dark family secret."
Donald says: "I..."
Kids says: "Yeah..."
Kids says: "?"
Donald says: "..."
Donald says: "was one of the Three Caballeros."
Kids says: "Oh yeah, Three Cabababa..."
Kids says: ", Oh..."
Kids says: "."
Kids says: "Good for you..."
Kids says: ", Ooooooh..."
Kids says: "..."
Kids says: "."
Kids says: "Cool..."
Kids says: ".."
Kids says: ", I don't know what that is."
Scrooge says: "The Three Caballeros."
Scrooge says: "Donald's old college band."
Scrooge says: "They practiced that polyphonic pandemonium in my garage for hours on end."
Scrooge says: "Oh, the next time you complain about bagpipes, just imagine trying to sleep while your uncle saws away at an accordion."
Louie and Huey make eye contact cringing.
Donald says: "I was so awesome."
Scrooge says: "Ah, your fine as is."
Scrooge says: "A family man, a boat owner!"
Scrooge says: "You're more impressive than those two warbling whistlers are."
Jośe parachutes from a plane.
Jośe says: "Ha-ha!"
José blows into his black umbrella, trumpeting, Panchito's appears playing a guitar, they both are on the ground fireworks explode behind them, everyone was impressed.
Scrooge says: "Oh, they are much more impressive than you."
Fast version of the Theme song plays.
José.
Donald!
Three Caballeros says: "Squawk, crow, quack, I got your back!"
Huey says: "Secret hand shake?!"
Huey says: "!"
Huey says: "Cool!"
Louie licks Huey's hand.
Panchito says: "Haha!"
Panchito says: "Saludos, amigos!"
Panchito says: "Surely you remember old Panchito and José!"
José.
Os patinhos! Oh, last time we saw you, you were just little eggs. To Donald Ey, you remember when you insisted you could juggle the eggs?
Panchito says: "Hahaha, and you dropped one!"
Louie and Huey look at each other and then to do dewey who blinks oddly, Louie and Huey nod.
Scrooge says: "Now just who is paying for this little vacation?"
José.
Ha, Scrooge. The same old miser, eh? I've taken care of everyone's stay. As a travel consultant and global taste-maker, I'm always being asked to sample the best places, the best food, the best everything! We thought my jet-setting to be nice to spend the night on solid ground.
Panchito says: "It's my agent, again."
Panchito says: "When you are an international-pop sensation, you are but a slave to fame."
Panchito says: "Panchito, sign my baby."
Panchito says: "Panchito, present at this award show and also win most of the awards..."
Panchito says: "There's no stop, my friends, but this weekend?"
Panchito says: "The Three Caballeros ride again!"
Panchito says: "Just like old times, eh amigos?"
Dewey says: "Tell us everything embarrassing about Uncle Donald!"
José.
Embarassing? Your uncle was the cool one. Always off on globe-trotting adventures...
Donald struggle to get his hand unstuck from the fanny-pack.
Panchito says: "What are you now?"
Panchito says: "Oh, a super spy?"
Panchito says: "A world famous DJ?"
Panchito says: "Some insane combination of the two?"
José.
Surely you're super successful and impressive.
Donald hiding with Huey & Scrooge from The Three Caballeros.
Huey says: "Breathe, just breathe: Donald: I've done nothing with my life, I'm a failure!"
Scrooge says: "Aw, that never bothered you before."
Huey says: "Uncle Donald, you're very successful!"
Huey says: "You raised three boys and a rich in love."
Huey says: "Isn't that the true measure of success?"
Donald says: "No!"
Scrooge says: "No!"
Donald says: "Huey, you gotta help me!"
Huey says: "Help you?"
Huey says: "Well, I have been looking to earn my improve theater merit badge..."
Huey says: "How about you play the part of someone successful?"
Donald says: "Lie?"
Donald says: "Perfect!"
Scrooge says: "Nonsense."
Scrooge says: "You do what you want, but I will not help you lie to impress that band of braggartios."
Huey says: "If you blow up our cover, Jose will probably get mad and you'll have to pay for this trip yourself."
Scrooge says: "Donald we have to lie to your friends, ya hear?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Huey says: "Just keep it small and simple."
Huey says: "Sorry, everyone."
Huey says: "Uncle Donald had a, um, very important business call."
Donald says: "From McDuck Enterprises, my company."
Donald says: "I'm a billionaire."
Panchito says: "The same Donald, who searched our couch cushions for corn chips, now owns McDuck Enterprises?"
Huey says: "Yes..."
Huey says: "aaand, he's taking over the family business so Scrooge can retire."
Scrooge says: "Geh?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Donald says: "'Cause he's sooo old..."
Donald says: "Very, very old..."
Donald says: "."
Scrooge says: "BECAUSE I'M SO-!"
Huey signaling that if he breaks cover, he's paying for the trip.
Scrooge says: "So..."
Scrooge says: "So old..."
Scrooge says: "."
Scrooge says: "So very, very old..."
Scrooge says: "."
Scrooge says: "Oooooh, Donald, is that you?"
Jośe says: "Taking care of his uncle's legacy, a man of great wealth and kindness."
Scrooge slaps Donald yet again.
Webby says: "Long ago, an invading force let a bloody massacre that left the town empty."
Webby says: "From the wreckage, a single flower grew, proving that no matter how terrible a tragedy, life will always find a way to bloom anew."
Webby says: "Now, the town celebrates this triumph every year..."
Webby says: "Or something like that."
Webby says: "My Portuguese is a little enferrujado."
Dewey says: "Webby, get out of the way, you're ruining my shot with your story!"
Webby says: "My story provides context for your photo."
Dewey says: "Of course, this is a moment of a cultural significance..."
Dewey says: "Louie, get a full-body shot, hit it."
Louie says: "Okay, now look thoughtful..."
Louie says: "No, not confused..."
Louie says: "Oh, okay, that's the stuff!"
Webby groans and we see montage of the pitcures.
Jośe says: "I know it's not on the menu but, can we get some deep fried cassava, oh you have to try it it melts right into your mouth: Panchito: Please the adventurous billionaire, must have a refined palate."
Panchito says: "Oh I’m so sorry, here let Panchito wipe your troubles away, which coincidentally is the title of my new album."
Panchito says: "A keepsake to remember me: Waitress: Thank you."
José.
Classic Brazilian hospitality.
Waitress comes with the bill. José, Donald and Panchito whistle.
José.
Okay we can not all whistle inconspiculously.
Panchito says: "Lets setttle this like adults."
Panchito says: "Donald should pay because he's the billionare!"
Doanld says: "Haha, right..."
Doanld says: "."
Donald reaches for Scrooge's wallet, Scrooge slaps his hand away. Donald and Scrooge scowl at each other. Slapping can be heard.
Huey says: "Haha, excuse me for a moment..."
Huey grabs the wallet and bites down on Scrooges hand. Giving the wallet the Donald.
Donald says: "And a heffty tip: Scrooge: Grrrrr: Huey: Come'on Uncle Scrooge you should rest."
Waitress says: "Hissss!"
Webby says: "What?"
Waitress says: "Have a great day!"
Webby says: "Wow everyone here is so nice!"
Loiue says: "An old man gave me this advice, "Pics or it didn't happen."
Huey says: "You can't put a price on that smile."
Scrooge says: "That lunch cost me $351."
Scrooge says: "41 cents."
Huey says: "Oh, just let him have this."
Panchito is seen throwing José up in the air, José spins and plays with Panchito and Donald.
Huey says: "It's only for one weekend."
Huey says: "WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU'RE GETTING THE BAND BACK TOGETHER?!"
Huey says: "!"
Panchito says: "Oh, people love a comeback!"
Panchito says: "Think of the headlines: "Panchito Reunites with Old Friends, Rockets to a Number Somehow Higher Than Number One!"
José.
I'll talk to some of my people. Perhaps we can play na Fiesta da flor! Why stop with the festival? Huey and Scrooge look at eachother.
Panchito says: "Donald, you can pay for a tour, right?"
Donald says: "Absolutely!"
Huey confronts Scrooge.
Panchito says: "No broken-down station wagons like the old days!"
Panchito says: "Only the top-of-the-line!"
Panchito says: "The Three Caballeros opening for  Eh, we can work out who opens for who later."
José and Panchito exits the restaurant, Scrooge tackles Donald.
Donald says: "Hey, what's the big idea?"
Scrooge says: "And you owe me for lunch!"
Huey whistles.
Donald says: "Huh?"
Huey says: "I think you've lost yourself in the role here."
Huey says: "Maybe it's time to stop acting and tell the truth."
Donald says: "No way!"
Donald says: "I need this!"
Donald says: "I gotta go tune my instrument."
Scrooge picks up his wallet.
Donald says: "And buy an instrument."
Donald says: "Can I..."
Donald says: "?"
Webby says: "Excuse me Señora."
Webby says: "I am thirsty for knowledge!"
Webby says: "Could I ask you some questions?"
Cart lady says: "Of Course!"
Webby says: "When was the first bloom?"
Cart lady says: "Thank you!"
Webby says: "Huh makes sense."
Cart lady says: "Have a great day!"
Webby says: "You guys have taken 100 pictures today."
Webby says: "Why don't you have any of peoples feet?"
Huey says: "This has to stop."
Donald says: "No way I'm a star!"
Huey says: "We are the feast of the flower!"
Dewey says: "Oh, I just put that together, clever!"
Huey says: "Are you willing to risk your life for your friends?"
Donald says: "Go, I'll get the guys."
Dewey says: "just another day in the exciting life of Dewey Duck #ADVENTURE #DARING DEWEY."
Dewey says: "No."
Dewey says: "Noooooooooooooo!"
Webby says: "I feel like the first no should have been bigger."
Scrooge says: "hang on kids I'm coming!"
Huey says: "You can drop the old man act now."
Scrooge says: "I can't all that pretending threw out my back!"
We're brave says: "We're bright as a peso: Donald: Who says so?"
we'll stay so says: "We're bright as a peso: Donald: Who says so?"
We says so!
Three Caballeros says: "The Three Caballeros!"
Scrooge says: "Ah, that's better!"
Scrooge says: "Now, unhand me ya whallopping weed!"
We have the stars to guide us says: "Huey: Uncle Donald, your voice is TERRIBLE, keep singing!"
Guitars here beside us says: "To play as we go: We sing and we samba: José & Panchito: We shout, ¡Ay caramba!"
The Three Caba-ller-os!
The two pigs scene at the very beginging of the episode appear clapping.
Panchito says: "Thank you!"
Panchito says: "We'll be here all night!"
The Sunchaser is seen flying over and away from the town.
Webby says: "That was so awesome!"
Webby says: "I want to relive every single moment!"
Webby says: "Good thing I found this."
Dewey smiles, looks through some pictures, then hits the delete all button.
Dewey says: "No pics, so it didn't happen!"
Louie says: "So wise."
Huey says: "See?"
Huey says: "When you're true to yourslef, things will work out in the end."
Jośe says: "Things really did work out huh."
Panchito says: "Maybe we should get the band back together for real this time."
Donald says: "That is a great idea."
Scrooge says: "Oh, no, turbulance!"
Scrooge says: "Curse these withered old limbs!"
Scrooge rips the guitar from Panchitos hands, then he smashes and stomps on it.
Scrooge says: "I'm so sorry..."
Scrooge says: "."