Johnny says: "For your feet: Johnny and Randy: Welcome to our Ottoman Empire!"
Louie says: "Ugh."
Louie says: "Oh, forget it: Scrooge: Any big plans for today?"
Louie yawns.
Louie says: "Thought I might move to the big TV in a few hours."
Louie says: "You know..."
Louie burps, then reaches for a can of Pep. Louie opens it and takes a sip. Louie sighs.
Louie says: "Hey, do we have any more Pep?"
Scrooge says: "You've got six full cans right there: Louie: I only like that first sip."
Scrooge says: "Peak carbonation."
Scrooge says: "Never mind, I'll call Beakley."
Scrooge says: "Oh, man, my phone's dead."
Scrooge says: "Guess I gotta buy a new one: Scrooge: Just charge it: Louie: Eh, this one's three months old anyway."
Scrooge says: "Who cares?"
Scrooge says: "We're rich: Scrooge: No."
Scrooge says: "I'm rich."
Scrooge says: "That's it, laddie."
Webby says: "Whatcha doin'?"
Dewey gasps and falls backwards.
Dewey says: "I'm not breaking in, you're breaking in: Webby: Busted."
Dewey says: "You think I put glitter on my top-secret notebooks just because it's pretty?"
Dewey nods.
Webby says: "Well, sure, it's a perk, but..."
Dewey says: "I'm sorry."
Dewey says: "I was just looking for information about my family: Webby: You shoulda asked."
Dewey says: "What do you want?"
Dewey says: "Shoe sizes, horrible dark secrets known only to your Uncle Scrooge that could change the fate of the world as we know it?"
Dewey says: "What do you know about my mom?"
Webby gasps. She closes the drapes over the window.
Webby says: "What do you know about your mom?"
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald just told us she was gone."
Dewey says: "The only thing we have of her is this photo: Webby:  Photographic evidence!"
Dewey says: "I've got to add it to my Della Duck file: Dewey: You have a whole file on my mom?"
Dewey opens it. The file is empty save for the photo Webby just put in it.
Dewey says: "Seriously?"
Dewey says: "This is it?"
Webby says: "I've been looking into her for years, but there's nothing."
Webby says: "No photos, no records."
Webby says: "No one even talks about her."
Webby says: "One time, a piece of junk mail with her name on it showed up at our door, a day later, Scrooge bought the post office, and I never saw our mailman again: Dewey: Maybe he retired?"
Webby says: "Bad things happen to people who ask about Della Duck: Dewey: So who are we gonna ask?"
Webby smiles at Dewey.
Theme song plays.
Launchpad pulls into the Money Bin car park with tires screeching. He proceeds to smash the car's hood into the wall.
Scrooge says: "Be back at six, Launchpad."
Launchpad says: "Gotcha, Mr."
Launchpad says: "McD: Dewey: Thanks for letting us tag along Uncle Scrooge, but I suddenly very much have to use the bathroom."
Webby says: "Oh, and I will show you where to go to that place."
Scrooge watches as Webby, holding Dewey's hand, leads him down a staircase, before hooking his cane onto Louie's hood as he tries to sneak off.
Scrooge says: "Oh no ya don't!"
With Dewey and Webby...
Dewey says: "What is this place?"
Webby says: "The private library of Scrooge McDuck!"
Webby says: "If there's info about your mom, it's in here."
Webby knocks on the door, gasping as it opens with a brilliant gold light shining out of it. The light fades to reveal Quackfaster standing in the doorway.
Quackfaster says: "Ugh, go away Webby."
Quackfaster says: "For the last time, Mr."
Quackfaster says: "McDuck's archives are strickly off limits."
She makes to close the door, but Webby stops it with her foot.
Webby says: "Except..."
Webby says: "to his family."
Webby says: "Meet Dewey Duck."
Quackfaster looks at him, then abruptly throws the doors open.
Quackfaster says: "BEHOLD, heir of clan McDuck!"
Quackfaster says: "The archives!"
Scrooge and Louie enter Scrooge's office from an elevator, Louie looking around until he sees Scrooge's money pool.
Louie says: "The money!"
Louie says: "You want me to count the gold, maybe go out to spend some gold to make sure it hasn't expired?"
Scrooge says: "There's more to money than just money."
Scrooge says: "Gold is a beautiful thing, but..."
Louie tries to dive into the Money Bin but Scrooge stops him by grabbing his hood.
Scrooge says: "Are you out of your head?"
Scrooge says: "You'll crack your skull open!"
Louie says: "But you swim in money all the time!"
Scrooge says: "Yes, but I worked hard to perfect that skill, building muscles and dexterity."
Scrooge says: "If you want something, you'll work hard to get it!"
The message machine beeps.
Secretary says: "Mr McDuck, the Board is here to see you."
Scrooge says: "We didn't have a board meeting today."
Scrooge says: "No matter."
Scrooge says: "Come, lad!"
Scrooge says: "Welcome to the fast-paced world of business!"
Cut to the boardroom.
Bradford Buzzard says: "As you know, revenues are down in our international markets, including Dawson, Lillehammer, El Dorado-  and Culebra."
Gyro kicks open the door, startling Louie out of his seat.
Gyro says: "Shut up, everyone!"
Gyro says: "I've done something brilliant!"
Scrooge says: "Ah, Gyro!"
Scrooge says: "Gyro Gearloose, my head of research and development."
Gyro says: "Apology accepted."
Gyro says: "Now try to keep up with my mind-numbing genius."
Scrooge says: "Gyro, what did we say about interacting with other people?"
Gyro says: "Hello, Mr McDuck..."
Gyro says: "and others..."
Gyro says: "Are you tired of all those single-use gadgets cluttering up your junk drawer?"
Gyro says: "What a mess!"
Gyro says: "There's got to be a better way."
Gyro unboxes his invention, Lil Bulb.
Gyro says: "Meet Lil Bulb!"
Gyro says: "A tiny, all-purpose robot that does it all!"
Bradford says: "Wait, what does it do?"
Gyro says: "It."
Gyro says: "All."
Gyro says: "Lil Bulb is an artificially intelligent personal robot helper."
Gyro says: "He can make toast , serve as a booklight for your late-night reading!"
Lil Bulb lights up, causing the Board to flinch from the bright light.
Gyro says: "You'll never have to do anything yourself again!"
Louie gasps in delight.
Bradford says: "Um-hmm."
Bradford says: "And how will you ensure this one won't achieve sentience and turn evil like all the others?"
Gyro says: "Only HALF my inventions turn evil."
Gyro says: "The other half are just wildly misunderstood."
Lil Bulb begins shaking its fist then performs a throat-slitting gesture at Bradford.
Bradford says: "What's it doing?"
Gyro says: "Waving."
Gyro says: "It likes you."
The Board share a look between themselves.
Bradford says: "Request denied."
Gyro sighs, reboxes Lil Bulb then storms off in a huff.
Scrooge says: "Keep at it Gyro!"
Scrooge says: "I know you'll come up with something great."
Gyro says: "Lil Bulb is something great."
Gyro says: "I'll show you."
Gyro says: "I'll show you all!"
Scrooge says: "And maybe wait until you're out the room to say that next time."
Louie says: "A robot that does everything for you?"
Louie says: "How could you say no to that?"
Scrooge says: "Part of hard work is knowing how to work with others!"
Scrooge says: "My Board are the only people cheaper than I am."
Bradford says: "Indeed."
Bradford says: "Which is why we've called this meeting to discuss cutting your unnecessary spending here at the..."
Bradford says: "Money Bin."
Scrooge says: "Unnecessary!"
Scrooge says: "?"
Scrooge says: "I'm Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge says: "I don't spend one penny more than I need to!"
Bradford says: "It says here that you're spending $50 million on-  magical defence."
Scrooge says: "Do you have any idea how many vengeance curses I have on my head?"
Louie says: "Look, I'm just gonna go, and, uh..."
Louie says: "get a drink."
Louie says: "Yeah."
Back to the archives...
Webby says: "The collective treasure maps of Peruvia!"
Webby says: "A topographical atlas of Plain Awful!"
Webby says: "Scrooge's Favourite Smells, Volume 12!"
Webby says: "Fresh cookies, I knew it!"
Dewey says: "Focus, Webby!"
Dewey says: "We're here to find out about Della Duck..."
Quackfaster says: "So the blue one seeks to learn about his past."
Quackfaster says: "But is he strong enough to learn the truth!"
Quackfaster says: "?"
Dewey says: "..."
Dewey says: "Yes?"
Quackfaster says: "WRONG!"
Quackfaster says: "You must first prove yourself worthy by passing..."
Quackfaster says: "THE TRIALS!"
Quackfaster throws a smoke bomb and vanishes. Dewey starts coughing.
Webby says: "This is my new favourite library."
Louie exits the elevator and inserts a dollar into the vending machine, but it isn't enough. The machine states "DEPOSIT 1.10".
Louie says: "A dollar ten?"
Louie says: "Who keeps dimes on them anymore?"
Louie has a sudden realisation; back in Scrooge's office, he notices the dime resting on a velvet pillow and takes it.
Louie says: "Sweet, Scrooge has an emergency dime!"
Louie says: "I'll pay you back later."
Back in the boardroom...
Bradford says: "But how do you justify spending $5000 on a velvet pillow for a dime?"
Louie sneaks into the meeting room, drinking a can of Pep.
Scrooge says: "That dime deserves its own velvet pillow!"
Scrooge says: "It's my Number One Dime - the first dime I ever earned!"
Louie's eyes widen in horror; he continues drinking.
Scrooge says: "I was a young shoeshine in Glasgow when a man came in, his boots cemented in mud."
Scrooge says: "I worked and worked until those boots sparkled."
Scrooge says: "I return, he gave me an American dime."
Scrooge says: "That dime inspired me to move to America and find my fortune."
Scrooge says: "It means more to me than every bit of bullion in my Money Bin."
Everyone turns to Louie, who is still drinking his Pep in panic.
Louie says: "Uh, I..."
Louie says: "gotta go..."
Louie says: "bye."
Louie runs out of the room and towards the elevator, barely missing it.
Louie says: "Gotta get the dime, gotta get the dime!"
Louie runs down the stairs to the Pep machine. A worker empties the dimes into a cart and goes into the elevator, headphones blaring music.
Louie says: "No, no, no, no, no, no-  57, oh boy."
Louie is exhausted from climbing the stairs; it's shown that he reached the second floor.
Louie says: "Come on!"
Finally, he reaches the 57th floor. The worker exits another room and heads for the elevator dancing to his music as Louie rushes after him. Although the elevator closes on Louie again, he peeks into the room the worker came out of and sees the dime inside on a pile of coins.
Louie says: "OK, easy."
Louie says: "Break in, grab the dime, sneak downstairs."
Louie says: "Oh, maybe stop at the vending machine- wha?"
Coin vacuuming machines activate and suck up some piles of coins.
Louie says: "Well, I'm dead."
Female voice Louie's Phone.
Today, we're gonna teach you how to pick a lock. First, you need a small thin object, like a dime.
Louie says: "If I had that, then I wouldn't need the video!"
Louie says: "No no, don't switch to an ad!"
Johnny phone.
This week on Ottoman Empire we're working on an ottoman for Flintheart Glomgold. He wants an ottoman with storage by this afternoon!
Louie says: "They're never gonna get that ottoman done in time."
Louie says: "Focus!"
Louie says: "Oh, there's got to be a better way!"
Gyro says: "Fools."
Gyro says: "They'll rue the day they overlooked us, Lil Bulb."
Louie gets an idea; Lil Bulb lights up.
Cut to the archives, where the first trial is coming up.
Dewey says: "So what do you know about my mom?"
Dewey says: "Was she really an adventurer?"
Quackfaster says: "SILENCE!"
Quackfaster says: "Behold your first test."
Quackfaster says: "You must decipher the ancient and mysterious code within."
Webby says: "Yes!"
Webby says: "I love codes!"
Webby says: "Dewey, you start with the number shift cypher while I try a monoalphabetic substitution."
Dewey says: "Pretty sure this is just a library card catalogue."
Dewey says: "Mystery solved."
Webby says: "Oh yeah?"
Webby says: "If it's just a card catalogue, then how does it know your name?"
Webby says: "Come on!"
Webby starts climbing the drawers; Dewey rolls his eyes and groans. Meanwhile, Louie is running downstairs and catches up to Gyro.
Louie out of breath.
Hey hey, Gyro Gearloose!
Gyro says: "If this is about the Gearloose Magnetic Backpack, I specifically said they should not be used as schoolbags!"
Gyro says: "Blathering Blatherskite - one teen gets stuck to a moving school bus."
Louie says: "No no no no, Louie Duck!"
Louie says: "Scrooge's super rich nephew."
Gyro stops pushing the button and the elevator opens.
Gyro says: "Keep talking, sir."
Louie says: "Can't believe Scrooge and that tired old Board of his didn't see the potential in Lil Bulb here."
Louie says: "I'd love to invest, buuuuuuut I'm gonna need to test this little guy out first."
Louie says: "Do you mind if I borrow him for the afternoon?"
Gyro says: "Anything you say, rich nephew."
Gyro says: "Ha ha ha."
Gyro says: "Just a little..."
Gyro says: "rub-out humour."
Louie says: "No wait, I need to go..."
Scrooge says: "Louie!"
Scrooge says: "Where have you been?"
Scrooge says: "Trying to get out of work again?"
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "I just, um, er, filled my notepad with all that precious business wisdom, so I-I went to go find another!"
Scrooge says: "Good lad!"
Scrooge says: "Feel free to take as many pads as you want - or are we not allowed to use those either, ya penny-pinching buzzards!"
Scrooge says: "No, but really, make sure use the front and back of every page."
Scrooge says: "Write small."
Back at the dime room, Lil Bulb lock picks the door.
Louie says: "And that's how you unlock a door!"
Louie says: "Good job Louie."
Lil Bulb widens its "eyes".
Louie says: "Finding one specific dime in this mess is gonna be a big job."
Louie says: "Well, you'd better get to it!"
Louie says: "It's, like a dime - eh, you'll find it."
Louie takes out his phone, where he is watching Ottoman Empire.
Johnny phone.
Ready to put your feet up, Mr Glomgold?
Glomgold says: "You call this an ottoman?"
Glomgold says: "It doesn't even have my face on it!"
Glomgold says: "Do it again!"
Louie giggles to himself in the background while Lil Bulb keeps searching for dimes. It spots one of the coin-grabbing machines and starts to rewire it, replacing the bulb in the machine with itself.
Lil Bulb starts glowing red. By using the machine, it starts ripping off parts of the other machines.
Quackfaster says: "In order to gain knowledge from the archives, one must first offer up..."
Quackfaster says: "knowledge."
Dewey says: "Look, Quackfaster."
Dewey says: "Normally I would be super into a mysterious conspiracy quest, but can you at least give me a tiny piece of information on my mom?"
Webby through clenched teeth.
Dewey, don't question the ancient methods.
Dewey says: "I'm just saying, these are feeling a little less than trials and a little more like stalling."
Quackfaster says: "It is not for us to understand the ways of the archives..."
Dewey says: "That is literally your job!"
Dewey says: "I'm out, she doesn't know anything."
Quackfaster says: "NO!"
Quackfaster says: "None shall leave once the trials are undertaken!"
Quackfaster says: "There are those who would destroy you for the knowledge you seek."
Webby whispering.
Just like the mailman...
Dewey says: "Who's gonna destroy me?"
Dewey says: "Scrooge?"
Dewey says: "The Government?"
Dewey says: "The Unicorn Illuminati?"
Quackfaster says: "Me."
Dewey / Webby says: "Wait / What?"
Quackfaster draws a sword and screams; Dewey and Webby flee on the book-carrying cart while Quackfaster chases them.
Glomgold phone.
Ye expect me to put my feet up on my own face, ya loons!? Do it again!
Louie says: "You know, I used to hate this show but now I kinda love it, it's like every ottoman tells a story."
The Number One Dime rolls to a halt at Louie's feet.
Louie says: "Hey, you found it!"
Louie says: "Great job, little..."
Louie says: "buddy..."
Lil Bulb, controlling a giant machine made of parts from the other money-vacuuming machines, stomps towards Louie and detects him holding the Dime. Louie flees the room screaming as Lil Bulb crashes through the wall.
Back at the boardroom again...
Scrooge says: "If you can find me three thousand gallons of silver polish for cheaper, I'd love to hear about it!"
Bradford says: "This is getting us nowhere."
Bradford says: "If you won't make your own cuts then we're forced to fire staff at the bin to save money."
Bradford says: "The obvious choice is the archivist."
Scrooge says: "Fire Quackfaster?"
Scrooge says: "Never!"
Scrooge says: "For 50 years that woman's level-headedness has kept my archives secure and orderly."
Cut to Quackfaster chasing Webby and Dewey while swinging a sword in a not very level-headed manner.
Quackfaster says: "YOU DISRESPECT THE ARCHIVES!"
Quackfaster says: "YOU SHALL BECOME ONE WITH THE ARCHIVES!"
Dewey says: "This isn't working!"
Webby says: "Here!"
Webby says: "Knowledge is the greatest weapon of all!"
Dewey throws the book at Quackfaster, who catches it. Both children keep throwing books and Quackfaster catches all of them before sorting them in their respective places in one move.
Bradford says: "Fine, Quackfaster stays."
Bradford says: "But Gyro is absolutely unnecessary."
Scrooge says: "Are you insane?"
Scrooge says: "Gyro Gearloose is one of the most brilliant minds of our time!"
Cut to Gyro trying to insert a dollar into one of Scrooge's vending machines and it getting rejected.
Gyro says: "You miserable piece of rust!"
Gyro says: "I am man!"
Gyro says: "You are machine!"
Gyro says: "DO as I command or I will pull your plug!"
Louie says: "AH!"
Louie says: "He's turned against me!"
Louie says: "He's sucking up all the dimes!"
Louie says: "Help!"
Louie says: "Help!"
Gyro sighs to himself and on his notepad, crosses out Lil Bulb's name on the "Good" list and writes it in the "Evil" list, then runs after Louie and Lil Bulb.
Scrooge says: "If you're going to fire all the employees, why don't you just go ahead and shut the whole bin down?"
Bradford says: "You do have a perfectly good office downtown."
Bradford says: "Do you really need..."
Bradford says: "a Money Bin?"
Dewey says: "I think we lost her."
Quackfaster says: "Foolish child!"
Quackfaster says: "You do not know what you think you know!"
Dewey says: "I don't know anything!"
Dewey says: "And it's really frustrating!"
Louie runs inside the library gasping for breath.
Dewey says: "Louie!"
Webby says: "Louie!"
Dewey says: "Over here!"
Webby says: "Over here!"
Then Lil Bulb breaks the doors down.
Dewey says: "Oh..."
Dewey says: "never mind."
Louie says: "Look!"
Louie says: "A distraction!"
Lil Bulb falls for it and Louie escapes by running under its legs. Lil Bulb turns and continues to chase him; Dewey and Webby escape Quackfaster's grasp while she's distracted.
Louie tired.
Lazy Tuesday equals an afternoon of TV. Hard work equals giant robot attack - great life lesson, Scrooge!
Lil Bulb chases Louie into Scrooge's office area, where it vacuums up dimes from the couch Louie is hiding behind. Gyro is right behind them.
Gyro says: "No!"
Gyro says: "You are not evil, you are good Lil Bulb!"
Gyro says: "Good!"
(Lil Bulb picks up says: "Genius, Inventor, Father" on screen."
scans Gyro says: "Genius, Inventor, Father" on screen."
flashing the words "Gearloose says: "Genius, Inventor, Father" on screen."
Gyro says: "Genius, Inventor, Father" on screen."
(Lil Bulb picks up says: "Gyro smiles as Lil Bulb recognises him..."
scans Gyro says: "Gyro smiles as Lil Bulb recognises him..."
flashing the words "Gearloose says: "Gyro smiles as Lil Bulb recognises him..."
Gyro says: "Gyro smiles as Lil Bulb recognises him..."
(Lil Bulb picks up says: "then he gets turned upside down as Lil Bulb detects dimes on his person and vacuums them up."
scans Gyro says: "then he gets turned upside down as Lil Bulb detects dimes on his person and vacuums them up."
flashing the words "Gearloose says: "then he gets turned upside down as Lil Bulb detects dimes on his person and vacuums them up."
Gyro says: "then he gets turned upside down as Lil Bulb detects dimes on his person and vacuums them up."
(Lil Bulb picks up says: ")"
scans Gyro says: ")"
flashing the words "Gearloose says: ")"
Gyro says: ")"
Lil Bulb turns to Louie and tries to vacuum up the Number One Dime - Louie loses his grip on it just as Gyro tackles Lil Bulb, sending the dime rolling into Scrooge's meeting room.
Scrooge says: "Ye cannae get rid of the bin!"
Louie sneaks under the table in pursuit of the Dime, unable to retrieve it as the Board members unwittingly kick it away from Louie.
Scrooge says: "But they're the ones who push innovation and creativity, and spar this company ever forward!"
Gyro and Lil Bulb break the wall, startling Scrooge and the Board of Directors; Bradford kicks the dime away again.
Gyro says: "Just a little malfunction!"
Gyro says: "Definitely not evil!"
Scrooge casually.
Look, they're all mad as loons, and if you fire then they're definitely going to seek revenge.
Bradford suddenly nervous.
Uh, all in favour of keeping the bin and everyone in it far away from our offices?
The Board says: "Aye!"
The Dime is vacuumed into the broken machinery; Louie screams and chases after it. Heading into the elevator, he finds the cable has snapped and it is out of order.
Louie says: "Come on!"
At the Money Bin's vault entrance, Louie sees the dime rolling towards the vault and gives chase.
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "No!"
Louie says: "No no no no no no, mine mine mine pleasepleasepleaseMINE!"
The Dime falls into the vault, disappearing with a twinkle.
Louie says: "Oooof course."
Dewey says: "Book Throw!"
Dewey says: "Book Throw!"
Dewey says: "Throwing Books!"
Quackfaster catches all the books and shelves them.
Webby says: "This is our last book."
Webby says: "Make it count."
Webby says: "What are you doing?"
Dewey says: "Don't come any closer or the book gets it."
Dewey says: "I will crease this corner, Ma'am, so back off."
Dewey says: "Tell me about my mom."
Quackfaster says: "Why don't you see for yourself?"
Dewey says: "nothing."
Webby says: "Wait."
Webby says: "I've seen that number before."
Webby says: "Follow me."
Louie is sifting through Scooge's coins.
Louie says: "So much the time, so much the time, Oh a quarter."
Louie says: "Wait, there it is."
Gyro is wrestling with Lil Bulb on the diving panel.
Gyro says: "Oh, I know what went wrong."
Gyro says: "This is a 75 watt bulb."
Gyro says: "Little bulb only built for 50, ha ha."
Gyro says: "He just went a little mad with power."
Gyro replaces the bulb and Lil Bulb disassembles itself, spilling it's contents on top of Louie.
Louie says: "Woah, what the..."
Gyro says: "So, you write me a check, or?"
Scrooge says: "A pleasure as always."
Scrooge says: "I'll be in my office if you need me."
Scrooge says: "Please don't need me."
Webby says: "I don't understand."
Webby says: "It should be here somewhere."
Dewey says: "Wait these books, they're all out of order."
Dewey says: "Quackfaster's a lot of things, but she's not sloppy."
Quackfaster says: "Use your training."
Quackfaster says: "The most valuable knowledge must be earned."
Dewey says: "Okay, how much of this is about us doing your work for you?"
Quackfaster says: "About fifty percent..."
Elevator is out of order.
Scrooge says: "Curse me kilts."
Montage of Dewey and Webby sorting books, Louie wading through the coins to reach the dime, and Scrooge climbing the stairs.
Louie says: "C'mon, c'mon you got this..."
Louie grabs the dime. Dewey and Webby place the last book in order lighting the way to an access panel. Scrooge enters just as Louie finishes putting the dime back in the display case.
Scrooge says: "Oh, there you are."
Scrooge says: "Oh, don't be so dramatic, a little work never hurt anybody."
Dewey says: "Okay, here goes nothin..."
Dewey says: "OW, what is up with this stupid library?"
Intercom says: "McDuck family DNA recognized."
Chamber opens to reveal a mini museum.
Webby says: "Wow."
Dewey says: "Mom."
Dewey says: "Why would this stuff be hidden?"
Dewey says: "I gotta show this to Huey and Louie."
Webby says: "Wait."
Webby says: "What's this?"
Dewey says: ""Scrooge, I've taken the Spear of Selene."
Dewey says: "I'm sorry, Della."
Dewey says: "" Wait, what did she take?"
Dewey says: "Why is she sorry?"
Webby says: "Did she betray your Uncle Scrooge?"
Dewey says: "We can't tell anyone about this until we find out what it means."
Scrooge says: "I'm proud of you lad, Been a full day at the office, eh?"
Scrooge says: "I think you earned this."
Louie says: "You're giving me your number one dime?"
Scrooge says: "That's not my lucky dime."
Scrooge says: "I never let my dime out of my sight."
Scrooge says: "That was just a decoy."
Scrooge says: "I'm not an idiot."
Scrooge says: "This place is full of lunatics."
Scrooge says: "A dime sure means more when you have to work for it, eh lad?"
Louie says: "Oh maybe I'll get my own velvet pillow for this baby, heh heh, oh hold up."
Louie says: "NOOOOOO!!!"
Gyro's lab, later that night.
Gyro says: "Hm."
Gyro says: "Gyro creates robot."
Gyro says: "Robot gets free will."
Gyro says: "Robot turns on Gyro."
Gyro says: "Gyro controls robot."
Gyro says: "Gyro IS robot."
Underlines "Project Blatherskite.".