Flying over Macau at night says: "Scrooge: The Temple of the Golden Cricket."
Flying over Macau at night says: "Every fifty years at sundown, the golden cricket emerges, singing its ethereal song."
Flying over Macau at night says: "Some say the song holds answer to life's greatest mysteries."
Flying over Macau at night says: "how did we get here."
Flying over Macau at night says: "what's our purpose in the universe."
Louie says: "Wait, is that a neon hot dog?"
All says: "wow, so cool."
All says: "I'm hungry."
Scrooge says: "Yes, yes the city of Macau is exciting to look at, but you only find out the distractions, there."
Louie says: "I can't believe Uncle Gladstone is here."
Huey says: "He's so charming."
Dewey says: "And funny."
Louie says: "He's like the luckiest guy in the world."
Louie says: "Uncle Donald, you must have had the best time growing up with him."
various scenes in the past says: "Gladstone: Hey, twenty dollars."
various scenes in the past says: "Hey, twenty dollars."
various scenes in the past says: "Hey, twenty dollars..."
Donald says: "Dibs!"
present time says: "Donald: He's the worst."
present time says: "Just the worst."
Scrooge says: "Gladstone Gander is a complete layabout."
Scrooge says: "I don't know why we're responding to his call."
Webby says: "It was a call for help."
Huey says: "And like Uncle Donald says, family always helps family."
Donald says: "Why did I say that."
Louie says: "Plus, he's easily our coolest uncle."
Donald says: "Hey!"
Louie says: "Sorry, coolest non-trillionaire uncle."
Huey says: "Hey, Uncle Donald is kinda cool."
Donald says: "We're all going to die!"
Donald says: "I wasted my life!"
Donald says: "hahaha."
Opening song says: "Scrooge: We leave for the temple in an hour."
Opening song says: "Launchpad, I won't wait another fifty years to hear that cricket sing."
Launchpad says: "Sure thing, Mr McD."
Launchpad says: "I was just going to swing over and visit an old girlfriend from these parts."
Launchpad says: "See, she's had some problems with the local crime family, and..."
Scrooge says: "Yes, fine, whatever."
Scrooge says: "one hour."
Launchpad says: "I'm coming for you, Ziyi."
Louie says: "Why did I wear green, he always sees me in green."
Donald says: "Take it easy."
Scrooge says: "Yeah, if Gladstone's so great, then why did he call us for..."
Gladstone says: "Help, no, no, stop until you get that last kink out Bebe."
Donald says: "The worst."
Gladstone says: "Loose as a goose and ready to gander."
Gladstone says: "Kids, Uncle Scrooge, D Money."
Gladstone says: "Was so relaxed I didn't hear you come in."
Gladstone says: "Bebe, here, is a miracle worker."
Gladstone says: "Anyway, welcome to Macau."
Gladstone says: "Help yourself to everything."
Webby says: "Guys try this; it feels like you're falling but you're not."
Kids says: "Whooh, woo hoo hoo, we're falling."
Donald says: "So, you said you needed help."
Gladstone says: "Oh I do need your help."
Gladstone says: "Spending all my winnings."
Gladstone says: "Oh lighten up."
Gladstone says: "Hey hey, guys, who am I?"
Gladstone says: ""Hagis and Topaz, Bless me bagpipes."
Scrooge says: "Uh, this place is for no-account freeloaders looking to get something for nothing."
Gladstone says: "Well, that's true, Scroogie McBillions, and I am the best at getting something for nothing."
Louie says: "Best uncle."
Scrooge says: "Thank you, Gladstone, for the inspiring message."
Scrooge says: "If you'll excuse us, we have a improbably enchanted insect to inspect."
Scrooge says: "To the Temple."
Louie says: "Oh, but I want to stay."
Louie says: "Show me everything, especially the stuff you're not supposed to."
Gladstone says: "Ha ha, I love this kid."
Gladstone says: "He's like me, but shorter and with a cheaper haircut."
Gladstone says: "Now, you just have to help me convince your Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "Well, forget it then."
Louie says: "Been nice seeing you, Uncle Gladstone."
Gladstone says: "Wait wait wait, be square."
Gladstone says: "You came all the way out here."
Gladstone says: "Let me show you guys around."
Gladstone says: "It'll be good times."
Donald says: "Fine, you can stay."
Louie says: "Wha, I can?"
Donald says: "And I'm coming with you."
Scrooge says: "C'mon kids, let them play pai gow with a bunch of biddies."
Scrooge says: "We've got a rip-roaring adventure awaiting us."
Kids says: "Adventure!"
Scrooge says: "I can't make sense of this."
Scrooge says: "Where's the exit?"
Webby says: "Is that X hidden treasure?"
Huey says: "The X is obviously where we are, but where..."
Huey says: "are we?"
Scrooge says: "Don't worry kids, I'll get us out of this monument to moochers, or my name isn't..."
Scrooge McDuck. What good fortune to have the highest of high rollers in my humble establishment.
Scrooge says: "Luck has nothing to do with it, Mr..."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Liu Hai."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Toad Liu Hai."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Please be my personal guest."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Anything you need, just let me know."
Toad Liu Hai says: "At the House of Lucky Fortune you are all kings."
Scrooge says: "Oh good, street magic."
Scrooge says: "No thank you, but we really must be going."
Toad Liu Hai says: "At least stay for the floor show."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Aquarioon: The Secret Waters of Aquarioon, the biggest indoor water spectacle of the eastern hemisphere."
Huey says: "Biggest waste of water is more like it."
Huey says: "I mean how many million gallons are you going through a day just for some dumb..."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "In a time before time, the earth lies beneath a watery grave."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "There is only light."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "There is only ocean."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "And among all the primal chaos, there lives Aquarioon."
Huey says: "Water dancing a calm washing over me."
Huey says: "Never felt so at peace."
Scrooge says: "I suppose we have time for one show."
Scrooge says: "But then, it's right to the temple of the golden cricket."
Louie says: "This is the best anyone has ever looked."
Gladstone says: "Well, green bean, if you want to be a winner, you got to look like a winner."
Gladstone says: "And you can bill to my suit to the room, please."
Tailor says: "Oh no no no."
Tailor says: "Mr Gladstone I cannot do this."
Tailor says: "It would be such a great honor for me, to know that you are out in the world wearing this suit."
Tailor says: "two thousand dollars, cash only."
Donald says: "Dressed like a real suit, only cheaper."
Louie says: "Oh man, Uncle Donald's got to be the unluckiest duck in the world."
Gladstone says: "I'm counting on it."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "Although noble Aquarioon fell that day, his soul lives on, for we are all Aquarioon."
Huey says: "Bravo."
Huey says: "We should really stay for the 3:15 show."
Huey says: "You'll always be with me, noble Aquarioon."
Gladstone says: "I love it baby."
Louie says: "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me."
Gladstone says: "Hey, where's Donald?"
Louie says: "There he is."
Padisco Dealer says: "Try you luck, Mr."
Padisco Dealer says: "Gander?"
Gladstone says: "If I must."
Louie says: "Do it again."
Gladstone says: "How about you give it a go, Donaldo?"
Donald says: "Easy Peasy."
Webby says: "We passed this gaming section like three times."
Webby says: "Wait, didn't that gift shop used to be over here?"
Scrooge says: "Everything looks the same in this blasted place."
Scrooge says: "They try to trap you here, so you'll spend all your time and money on cheap thrills."
Scrooge says: "But we're better than that."
Dewey says: "Yeah, we need some danger."
Dewey says: "Some..."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Tigers?"
Scrooge says: "Where did you come from?"
Dewey says: "And more importantly, did you say tigers?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "The majestic jade tigers of Macau."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Humanely raised in our natural wildlife pavilion and business center."
Dewey says: "Actual tigers?"
Dewey says: "Do the number of stripes tell you their age?"
Dewey says: "Is it true that if you stare them in the eyes they won't kill you, or does that make them want to kill you faster?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Would you like one?"
Scrooge says: "You can't give a child a tiger, especially not this child."
Dewey says: "Dewey Junior, you're coming home with us."
Dewey says: "Oh, and I already named him, Oh, and I'm super emotionally attached."
Scrooge says: "Fine, but I am not changing its litter."
Scrooge says: "Now, about that exit."
Dewey says: "That guy at the mall with the iguana is going to be so jealous."
Wheel Attendant says: "Give 'er a spin."
Louie says: "Woo yeah!"
Gladstone says: "Can't waste all the luck on me."
Donald says: "I got this."
Aquarioon Announcer says: "Attention, the 3:15 show of Aquarioon: The Secret Waters of Aquarioon, has been canceled."
Huey says: "No!!!"
Donald says: "Eight?"
Dealer says: "No."
Donald says: "Five?"
Dealer says: "No."
Donald says: "Twenty-seven?"
Dealer says: "No."
Donald says: "Twenty-seven?"
Dealer says: "No."
Donald says: "Twenty-seven?"
Dealer says: "No."
Louie says: "How does he think he's holding twenty-seven fingers?"
Gladstone says: "I don't know, Lou."
Gladstone says: "I just don't know."
Scrooge says: "I navigated myself out of the Infinitaur's Labyrinth, freed myself from the Forever Fields of Phantoon."
Scrooge says: "Why can't I find the blasted hotel exit?"
Webby says: "Oh don't worry."
Webby says: "I left a trail of snacks behind us to mark our path."
Dewey says: "He's a tiger."
Dewey says: "You tell him not to eat something."
Toad Liu Hai says: "You look tired, Mr."
Toad Liu Hai says: "McDuck."
Toad Liu Hai says: "I implore you to check into a room."
Scrooge says: "Oh no, we're not interested."
Toad Liu Hai says: "At least take for lunch at our buffet of many lands."
Toad Liu Hai says: "You can visit the entire world on a single dinner plate."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Imagine, Taco Dim-sum, Fettuccine eclairs."
Scrooge says: "Why would I want to imagine any of that?"
Webby says: "Sorry, sir, but the only thing we're hungry for is adventure and IS THAT A FOUNTAIN MADE OF CHOCOLATE?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "You can dip positively anything in it."
Webby says: "Strawberries?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Um hum."
Webby says: "What about my hand?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Sure."
Webby says: "What about your hand?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Um, fine."
Scrooge says: "Wait, what about the temple of the golden cricket?"
Scrooge says: "What about the mysteries of the Universe?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "What about a nice warm bed?"
Scrooge says: "Fine, check me in."
Donald says: "Twenty-seven!"
Donald says: "Twenty-seven!"
Donald says: "Twenty-seven!"
Louie says: "Give it up, Uncle Donald, please."
Gladstone says: "No no no, let it ride, you're about to..."
Dealer says: "Two?"
Dealer says: "We have a winner, Congratulations, you won a brand new Thunderclutch sports car."
Gladstone says: "Uh huh, great, this is the second car I won for..."
Dealer says: "Four?"
Dealer says: "Ha ha ha, you win again."
Gladstone says: "Seriously?"
Louie says: "Wow, you really can't lose."
Gladstone says: "Yeah, I know."
Gladstone says: "So close Big D."
Gladstone says: "Hey, how about we play..."
Donald says: "Oh I give up."
Donald says: "I came to help you, and instead you embarrass me in front of the boys."
Gladstone says: "I'm not trying to embarrass you, I just want to give you and the fam a taste of the good life."
Donald says: "By showing them I'm a loser?"
Gladstone says: "Winners, losers, who cares?"
Gladstone says: "If you want to impress them, keep playing."
Gladstone says: "Your luck is bound to change."
Louie says: "Hey Uncle Gladstone."
Donald says: "I'm done."
Gladstone says: "Wait, no."
Louie says: "Uncle Donald's taking a break, huh?"
Louie says: "Well then, this is the perfect opportunity to hit the big winner's tables."
Gladstone says: "I don't need you."
Gladstone says: "I need him."
Toad Liu Hai says: "You'll feel so much after a night in one of our luxury suites."
Toad Liu Hai says: "maybe a week, perhaps year."
Toad Liu Hai says: "You'll may never want to leave."
Scrooge says: "I'll need a room with a personal sauna, hillside view, and a distraction."
Toad Liu Hai says: "A What?"
Scrooge says: "Check-out is always by the exit."
Scrooge says: "Thanks for the help, Liu Hai."
Scrooge says: "C'mon kids, we can make it in time for the golden cricket's last chorus."
Donald says: "I'm with you."
Donald says: "Let's go."
Gladstone says: "Wait up cuz, There's tons more games, or maybe a buffet."
Donald says: "I get it."
Donald says: "You're the best, I lost."
Gladstone says: "Dang, did I not mention I'm a prisoner here, and that's why I called you for help?"
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "Why didn't you just tell us?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Because I would find out."
Toad Liu Hai says: "I am Liu Hai."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Ancient Spirit of chance and fortune."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Now, let's test your luck."
Scrooge says: "Finally, a proper adventure."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Ha ha ha."
Scrooge says: "I sat through the waters of Aquaridon three times, but I could have been fighting a demon?"
Huey says: "It's Aquarioon."
Gladstone says: "Uh yeah, You don't want to mess with Toad."
Gladstone says: "He's a luck vampire, He's held me captive here to feast on my natural good luck."
Gladstone says: "I'm that delicious."
Dewey says: "Are you bragging about that?"
Gladstone says: "I hoped Donald would break my lucky streak."
Gladstone says: "You know, because he's..."
Scrooge says: "Bad luck."
Huey says: "A total jinx."
Dewey says: "The worst."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Gladstone's good fortune has been satisfying, but surely, as the richest duck in the world, Scrooge McDuck's luck must be the most delicious feast of all."
Scrooge says: "Luck has nothing to do with my success."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Oh, really?"
Scrooge says: "I'll prove it."
Scrooge says: "One game."
Scrooge says: "If I win, you set us free."
Scrooge says: "If you win, we stay, permanently."
Scrooge says: "Unless you think the spirit of luck and fortune will lose."
Toad Liu Hai says: "I can't resist such a challenge."
Gladstone says: "Yes, thank you Screwdriver McDollarsigns."
Gladstone says: "I knew I could count on you."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Behold."
Toad Liu Hai says: "First to the end wins."
Scrooge says: "Okay, Toad, let's do this."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Ah ah ah, my house, my rules."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Gladstone still belongs to me, so he is my champion."
Toad Liu Hai says: "You get  him."
Toad Liu Hai says: "The winner goes free."
Toad Liu Hai says: "The loser is doomed."
Toad Liu Hai says: "ha ha ha ha."
Scrooge says: "I don't even get to be part of the blasted challenge?"
Donald says: "We came out here to help you, and you put our family in danger."
Gladstone says: "I'm sorry, Don, I really am, but I literally just can't lose."
Gladstone says: "Good luck."
Donald races ahead while Gladstone walks leisurely.
Huey says: "There is only ocean."
Huey says: "there is only light."
Huey says: "And among the primal chaos, There is Aquarioon."
Donald says: "Ow ,ow, ouch."
Dewey says: "It's Dewey Junior!"
Donald says: "Oh come on."
Webby says: "The buffet of many lands!"
Gladstone says: "Man, I'm really sorry about this, I mean obviously not sorry enough to sign up for a lifetime of servitude, but."
Donald says: "Ah, what's the point?"
Louie says: "C'mon, Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "So you have the worst luck in the world."
Louie says: "Who cares?"
Louie says: "No matter how bad things get, like really, really bad, you keep going."
Louie says: "It's kind of ridiculous."
Louie says: "You've never had the common sense to give up before, why start now?"
Gladstone says: "Hey, twenty dollars!"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Where did that come from?"
All says: "woo hoo!"
Toad Liu Hai says: "What?"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Well at least I still have the luckiest buffet on Earth."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Bad fortune, Mr Gander."
Scrooge says: "Actually, Toad, Gladstone lost to Donald, so technically Donald is the new luckiest guy on Earth."
Scrooge says: "It's really him you should take."
Donald says: "Yeah!"
Donald says: "Wait, no!"
Toad Liu Hai says: "Hm, a well reasoned argument."
Toad Liu Hai says: "Donald Duck is my prize."
Louie says: "That wasn't the deal!"
Toad Liu Hai says: "All bets are off!"
Donald says: "Oh."
Louie says: "Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "I can't believe you just gave him up."
Gladstone says: "The kid's not wrong, Uncle McDunkle."
Gladstone says: "What do we do?"
Scrooge says: "Three, two, one."
Toad Liu Hai says: "His luck is awful, so awful, so awful."
Louie says: "You did it Uncle Donald, you won!"
Louie says: "That was pretty cool especially for you."
Donald says: "How the heck did I win?"
Webby says: "I guess you're not so lucky after all."
Gladstone says: "Well, if you think about it we're all free."
Gladstone says: "So, me losing is the luckiest thing that could have happen."
Gladstone says: "Boom, still the luckiest guy on Earth and a hero."
Gladstone says: "Huh?"
Louie says: "Eh, Luck's overrated."
Launchpad says: "Huh huh huh."
Dewey says: "Woah, Launchpad, what happened to you?"
Launchpad says: "Eh, you know."
Launchpad says: "tourist stuff."
Launchpad says: "Goodbye Ziyi, wherever you are."
Gladstone says: "Have I really been coasting on my luck, charm, and ridiculous good looks?"
Gladstone says: "Who is Gladstone?"
Gladstone says: "I need to get my hands dirty, do something meaningful, a new, noble purpose."
Heiress says: "Hey handsome."
Heiress says: "I need to get rid of my boat for tax purposes."
Heiress says: "I'll sell it to you for twenty dollars."
Gladstone says: "Glasstone is back, baby!"
Scrooge says: "Okay, we can go now."