Huey says: "Compass, CB radio, sunscreen."
Webby says: "Hot dog costumes."
Huey says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Webby says: "You know, in case we get lost at sea, and one of us, probably Louie, goes mad with hunger, we'll put these on."
Webby says: "Louie hates hot dogs so he probably won't eat us."
Huey says: "Are you saying that Louie would rather eat us than hot dogs?"
Louie says: "I do hate hot dogs."
Huey says: "I think we'll be good."
Webby says: "So what do you need me to do?"
Huey says: "I think that's everything."
Huey says: "Louie's got the canteens."
Huey says: "Dewey's got the paddles."
Dewey says: "Nautical leap."
Dewey says: "YAR."
Dewey says: "Nailed it."
Huey says: "Relax, we've taken this old kayak out dozens of times."
Huey says: "We got this."
Webby says: "Maybe I can be in charge of the map?"
Dewey says: "Oh Huey always handles the map, thanks to ol' Captain Lost, here."
Louie says: "Hey!"
Louie says: "That's "Captain Lost, sir" to you."
Huey says: "Captain Lost."
Dewey says: "Captain Lost."
Huey says: "Captain Lost."
Dewey says: "Captain Lost."
Everyone laughs.
Webby says: "I don't know why we're laughing."
Huey says: "Oh this whole crazy story where we all went kayaking, and Louie..."
Webby says: "..."
Webby says: "Got lost?"
Louie says: "Yeah, sort of had to be there I guess."
Dewey says: "But now you will be."
Dewey says: "Onward to adventure!"
Everyone gets in the boat at once.
Webby says: "Pardon me."
Dewey says: "Why aren't we "to adventuring?"
Webby falls out.
Louie says: "I guess we never had to stick four people on this thing."
Huey says: "Here Webby, you can take my spot."
Webby says: "No, no, it's okay."
Dewey says: "Are you sure?"
Webby says: "Yeah, I'll just go when you guys get back."
Huey says: "Unless Captain Lost gets us lost again."
Boys says: "Captain Lost..."
Boys says: "Captain Lost..."
Louie says: "It's just so fun to chant."
A bottle with a note gets washed up on shore.
Webby says: ""Lost Sailor caught in a deadly whirl pool."
Webby says: "No hope of survival."
Webby says: "Help!"
Webby says: "?"
Webby says: "" Looks like Webby's going out to sea, after all."
opening theme plays says: "Webby: I'll save you, noble sailor."
Webby sees another note in a bottle.
Webby says: ""Shipwrecked raider crew surrounded by dolphins", aww, "who are tearing us limb from limb?"
Webby says: "" Oh no."
Webby says: "I'll- huh?"
Webby starts following a trail of notes in bottles. The trail leads to a teenage girl writing notes.
Webby says: "I'm here to save either a sailor, group of sailors, or a shark from a sea serpent, pirate invasion, and/or scurvy."
girl says: "What?"
girl says: "No, no those are from me."
girl says: "I'm just messing around, you know like a game?"
Webby says: "Fun."
Webby says: "Let me try."
girl says: ""Please recycle this bottle."
girl says: "" Okay, I don't think you get this game."
Webby says: "Hi, I'm Webby."
girl says: "Mmm, hey."
Webby says: "Is that a vintage Sumerian talisman?"
girl says: "Dunno."
girl says: "Found it at a thrift shop."
Webby says: "You got some pink in your hair."
Webby says: "I think someone pranked you."
girl says: "It's supposed to look this way."
Webby says: "Oh, I like your shirt."
girl says: "Not my shirt."
girl says: "Actually got it off the lead singer of the Featherweights after a gig in Paris."
Webby says: "You've been to Paris?"
girl says: "You haven't?"
girl says: "Oh, you gotta go."
girl says: "It's like here, only fancier."
Webby says: "I've always wanted to go to Paris, crawl around in the catacombs, maybe touch a skull."
Webby says: "ha ha: Webby accidentally knock the last bottle into the water."
girl says: "Well, game over."
Webby says: "I got it."
Webby flips from rock to rock, kicks the bottle out of the water, and back flips back onto the dock.
Webby says: "Here."
girl says: "That was, actually, pretty cool."
girl says: "Are you, like, in the circus?"
Webby says: "Circus acrobats keep elephant hairs in their pockets for good luck."
Webby says: "I don't know why I just told you that, or why I'm still talking, or why I pointed out the fact that I'm still talking."
Webby says: "or..."
girl says: "Woah, easy, Flippy."
Webby says: "Webby."
Lena says: "Lena."
Lena says: "Thanks for the bottle."
Lena says: "Hey, do you want to come with me to this blowout on the edge of town?"
Lena says: "Should be cool."
Webby says: "I've never actually seen a proper explosion."
Lena says: "It's another name for party."
Webby says: "Yep, totally knew that."
Webby says: "Could we just wait for my friends so I can let them know where I'm going?"
Lena says: "But the party could be over by then."
Lena says: "C'mon, it'll be an adventure."
Webby and Lena arrive at the entrance to a junkyard by nightfall.
Webby says: "This is a party?"
Lena says: "All the best parties are at burnt out junkyards."
Lena says: "So, I'm gonna need you to do your whole pom-pom parkour thing up the wall, drop down, and open the door for me?"
Lena says: "Cool?"
Webby says: "Cool!"
Webby says: "Wait, aren't you invited?"
Lena says: "It's not an adventure if you're invited."
Webby bounces up the wall and down the other side to unlock the gate.
Webby says: "Got it."
Lena says: "Nice."
Lena extends fist, Webby excitedly extends her fist for a fist bump.
Lena says: "You want to blow it up, don't you?"
Webby nods, Lena explodes her fist, Webby explodes more enthusiastically.
Most of the party goers are in elaborate costumes.
Webby says: "Wow, my first costume party."
Lena says: "Oh this isn't a costume party."
Webby says: "Huh."
Webby says: "What are the Beagle Boys doing here?"
Lena says: "Everyone here is a Beagle."
Lena says: "It's a Beagle Boy party."
Ma Beagle emerges from her trailer.
Ma Beagle says: "MY BOYS!!"
Ma Beagle says: "Look around, you can see the future of Duckberg is ours."
Ma Beagle says: "It warms my heart to see all of you here together as a family."
Ma Beagle says: "The original classics, the Glam Yankees, the Deja Vus, the Sixth Avenue Meanies, the Sixth Avenue Friendlies, the Long Board Taquitos, the Deja Vus, the Tumblebums, the Ugly Failures, and the Deja Vus."
Ma Beagle says: "What do you all have in common?"
Ma Beagle says: "You love your Ma!"
Everyone sings happy birthday to Ma Beagle.
Webby says: "This is Ma Beagle's birthday party?"
Webby says: "We got to get out of here."
Webby runs into Bouncer.
Bouncer says: "You're the brat that got Ma busted."
Lena says: "Say what now?"
Big Time says: "Nu uh, No way, Ma said we're not supposed to mess with them, remember?"
Ma Beagle says: "That's the brat that got me busted."
Ma Beagle says: "Bring her here."
Big Time says: "every single time."
Ma Beagle says: "Huh?"
Lena hits Ma Beagle with the cake.
Lena says: "Run Webby!"
Webby says: "Thanks for the hospitality."
Webby says: "Sorry we have to go."
Ma Beagle says: "Get 'em!"
Webby and Lena run into an alley.
Webby says: "We almost died."
Lena says: "We "almost" died."
Truck appears at the mouth of the alley.
Both says: "We're gonna die!"
Truck gets stuck in the middle of the alley.
Big Time says: "Oh, c'mon c'mon."
Big Time backs up the truck. Webby bounces up the fire escape and lowers it for Lena.
Webby says: "Hurry!"
Lena says: "Real smooth moves, back there."
Webby says: "Hah, thanks."
Webby says: "Wait, was that sarcastic?"
Lena says: "Nope."
Webby says: "Hah, thanks."
Webby says: "Wait, was that?"
Lena says: "What does Ma Beagle have against you anyway?"
Webby says: "Oh nothing."
Webby says: "She tried to kidnap me so I ensnared her in an improvised ball pit man trap."
Lena says: "Alright."
Lena says: "Where to now?"
Webby says: "That's my house."
Webby says: "If we can make it there, we'll be safe."
Lena says: "Woah."
Lena says: "You fight mob bosses and you live in a mansion?"
Lena says: "You're kind of something else, aren't you, Pink?"
Taquitos says: "We're the long board Taquitos."
Lena says: "Wow, you guys are so extreme."
Lena says: "What are you going to do?"
Lena says: "Ollie all the way over here?"
Taquitos says: "Shrug the nard, brah."
Taquitos engage flight suits as they jump the building.
Webby says: "Maybe we shouldn't keep taunting them."
Taquitos says: "Taquitos go be so amped."
Lena turns on an air vent causing the Taquitos to blow away.
Taquitos says: "Foiled to the max!"
Webby says: "In here."
The Ugly Failures are waiting at the entrance.
radio says: "This is Ma Beagle with a very special birthday request."
radio says: "Get those brats for me before they make it to McDuck Manor."
radio says: "That would be the best gift a mother could get."
Botched Job says: "This is our shot, guys."
Botched Job says: "Maybe the Ugly Failures might actually become the Ugly Winners."
Bungle says: "Couldn't we just be the Winners?"
Botched Job says: "Now now, let's not get crazy."
Webby says: "They're blocking the exit."
Webby says: "Plan A: we survey the area, find another exit..."
Lena says: "Plan B: who needs a plan?"
Webby says: "No, wait."
Lena says: "Oi mates, fancy seeing you lot in this 'ere 'arehouse."
Bottle says: "Um, who are you?"
Lena says: "'oo are we?"
Lena says: "we're the Beagle Birds."
Lena says: "Ma's adopted daughters from across the pond, like."
Botched Job says: "Did Ma ever mention a pond to you?"
Bungle says: "I don't think she can swim."
Bottle says: "I don't even think she showers."
Bottle says: "I smell a rat."
Lena says: "We're from England, gov."
Lena says: "just a little cockney inn't it?"
Lena says: "Eh, meat pies, bangers'n mash..."
Webby says: "Britty, darling, oh there you are."
Webby says: "Thank you gents, my sister and I will be certain to tell our dearest Mama Beagle of the gracious hospitality we received here in the colonies."
Webby says: "This is Britania, and I am, um, Engla.."
Webby says: "beth."
Botched Job says: "She talks fancy."
Botched Job says: "I trust her."
Bottle says: "Well, they are family."
Bottle says: "I mean, Why would they lie?"
Webby says: "Marvelous, well it was wonderful to meet you."
Lena says: "I'm taking this."
Botched Job says: "Well, uh..."
Webby says: "A keepsake of our serendipitous meeting."
Webby says: "Stupendous."
Webby says: "Ta-ta."
Botched Job says: "Wait, was that them?"
Webby and Lena take a detour into a playground.
Lena says: "You totally clowned those jokers, and you got a radio so we can track them."
Lena says: "Where did you get that tea and crumpets talk?"
Webby says: "I live with my British granny in a Scottish mansion."
Webby says: "I didn't hear an American accent until I was like, seven."
Lena says: "With my brains, and your weirdly specific super brains, we could run this town."
Lena says: "Inn't that right, Englabeth?"
Webby says: "Most Indubitably, Britania."
Webby says: "Hah, wait til the guys hear my new nickname."
Lena says: "You mean those three nerds who ditched you on the beach?"
Lena says: "Yeah, they sound real fun."
Webby says: "Oh, no, no there were only three spots on the boat, so I let them go."
Webby says: "we're cool like that."
Webby says: "It's a family thing."
Lena says: "Family, huh."
Lena says: "Not really my thing."
Webby says: "But family is the best."
Webby says: "You go on adventures together, make inside jokes."
Webby says: "Like there was this hilarious joke where they went out boating and Louie got them lost, and since then they call him "Captain Lost" uh yeah I don't get it either."
Webby says: "Sometimes it seems like they have their own secret language, it's just, i don't know, they have so much history together."
Lena says: "Well now, we have history."
A bush rustles behind them. Huey, Dewey, and Louie emerge from it. Lena pounces on Louie.
Webby says: "Lena, no."
Webby says: "These are the guys I was talking about."
Lena says: "Oh."
Webby says: "Lena, this is Huey, Dewey, and Louie."
Dewey says: "Webby, we've been looking for you everywhere."
Lena says: "Cute, the names and the color coded outfits, was that like your thing, you're all exactly the same?"
boys says: "Hah, no way, we're all unique snowflakes."
boys says: "Well this usually never happens."
boys says: "This is really weird, okay, stop talking."
boys says: "Antidisestablishmentarism."
boys says: "Seriously?"
boys says: "Gahh: Huey: Seriously, Webby."
boys says: "where have you been?"
boys says: "We've been worried out of our minds."
Webby says: "Well uh Lena and I.."
Lena says: "Right, you were so worried that you left her on a beach and didn't show up for four hours?"
Huey says: "We got lost."
Dewey says: "Thanks to old Captain Lost."
Louie says: "Why would you put me in charge of the map again?"
Louie says: "This is not on me."
Dewey says: "Captain Lost, Captain Lost."
Louie says: "Oh, you change the tone of that chant."
Lena says: "Yeah, they seem like a real tight crew."
Webby says: "Guys, easy."
Webby says: "We were just having a little adventure."
Huey says: "What was that?"
Lena says: "Shh..."
radio says: "Ma to the Tumblebums, the rugrats have been spotted in your turf."
radio says: "Make 'em sorry they crashed our party."
Huey says: "The Tumblebums?"
Huey says: "they sound adorable."
Huey says: "Never mind."
Huey says: "No way, you check them: Louie: You check them, you go right now: Dewey: Why are the Beagle Boys even after you?"
Lena says: "Because we shoved their mother's face in a cake."
Lena says: "Try to keep up, Louie."
Webby says: "Hah, we've been kind of having a girls' night."
Huey says: "We need a plan."
Dewey says: "Okay, we've got a compass, a half-empty canteen, three old banana peels."
Dewey says: "Wait, three?"
Dewey says: "Did you eat my banana?"
Louie says: "Yeah, it's called stress eating, okay?"
Louie says: "And it's a stressful situation."
Louie says: "I need my potassium."
Lena says: "Let's make a break for it."
Webby says: "What?"
Lena says: "Let the boy band be bait while we sneak out."
Webby says: "I can't leave them."
Lena says: "Oh you mean like they left you alone on that beach?"
Lena says: "C'mon, don't you trust me?"
Webby says: "Wait right here."
Lena says: "Whatever."
Webby says: "Stop, think."
Webby says: "Okay, How do you get rid of an evil clown?"
The group makes the Tumblebums slip on banana peels.
All says: "Woohoo!"
Webby says: "Lena, did you see that?"
Webby says: "Lena?"
Webby notices Lena left. They return to the boat. Huey spies Webby moping by the waterline.
Huey says: "You okay?"
Webby says: "Yeah, I'm fine, it's dumb."
Webby says: "I just I thought Lena and I could maybe have what you three have."
Huey says: "I promise we'll never leave you off the boat again."
Huey says: "We'll leave Louie, he's bad at most things."
Another bottle floats up before them.
Webby says: "She didn't ditch me, she was captured."
Webby says: "Oh wait, she was captured."
cb radio says: "I'm on my way, boys, I may not have got to eat my birthday cake, but at least I'll get a little slice of revenge."
Webby says: "We have to help her."
Louie says: "We should go get Uncle Scrooge, and Beakley, and a couple of tanks."
Webby says: "There's no time."
Webby says: "Look, me and Lena fought a truck, and beat the Taquitos and were British together."
Dewey says: "I don't know what any of that means."
Webby says: "Now you know how I feel half the time."
Webby says: "You wouldn't leave each other behind and I am not leaving her."
Webby says: "Now c'mon, and this time I'm getting a spot on the stupid boat."
Bottles says: "Guys, I kind of got a situation here."
Bottles says: "A little help?"
Benevolent says: "courtesy of the Sixth Avenue Friendlies."
Bad Attitude says: "Courtesy of the Sixth Avenue Meanies."
Webby says: "Psst, over here."
Lena says: "Webby, you came."
Webby says: "I wouldn't ditch you."
Webby says: "We're the Beagle Birds."
Webby accidentally turns on the amphitheater lights and gets captured.
Big Time says: "You two ladies have given us a lot of trouble, tonight."
Big Time says: "but it will be worth it when Ma sees her birthday gift."
Bouncer says: "And we got her early Mother's Day shopping out of the way, too."
Big Time says: "Big Time to Ma, Big Time to Ma, what's your 10-20?"
Lena says: "Seriously, your rescue plan was to throw yourself blindly into the middle of the entire Beagle family?"
Webby says: "How is that any different than what you did at the junkyard?"
Lena says: "I wasn't tied up at the junkyard."
Huey says: "Now they have what we have."
Lena says: "Now I remember why I avoid family."
Lena says: "All they do is..."
Webby says: "Fight?"
Big Time says: "Okay, Ma should be here any second."
Big Time says: "When Botched Job gives the signal, we all leap out and yell "surprise"."
Big Time says: "Any questions?"
Lena says: "Yeah, I got one."
Lena says: "Which one of you gets to hand us over?"
Bouncer says: "Say what now?"
Lena says: "I mean, you could all hand us over and share the credit, or..."
Big Time says: "Well obviously we should do it."
Big Time says: "I mean we're like the main guys, right?"
Botched Job says: "Give someone else a chance."
Bottle says: "Yeah."
Taquitos says: "We're like anti-authority, brah."
Taquitos says: "We don't believe in failing."
Meanie says: "Yeah, and I'm pretty sure they was adopted."
Benevolent says: "That was uncalled for, Mister."
Benevolent says: "Even if I have heard the same rumor."
Bottle says: "Hahah."
Bottle says: "finally."
The last bottle flies and hits Big Time.
Beagle Boys says: "Hey who threw that?"
Beagle Boys says: "Fight, fight, fight.."
While the Beagle Boys are fighting, Webby climbs up the pillar, bites her ropes off, frees Lena, and covers Bouncer's eyes.
Bouncer says: "Let go."
Bouncer says: "Woah!"
Ma finally arrives.
Ma says: "Hey, where are the brats?"
Ma says: "For the love of, that's it."
Ma says: "None of you get birthdays this year."
Beagle boys says: "Awwww: Webby: That was awesome, how you made the Beagle Boys fight each other so we could escape, and then.."
Lena says: "Woah, you shimmied up that pillar like a pro."
Huey says: "You turned the entire Beagle family against each other with a question."
Louie says: "You are my new favorite."
Lena says: "No big."
Lena says: "That's wot family's about, eh, Englabeth?"
Webby says: "Oh, I knew you'd come through in a spot, Britania."
Lena says: "A little penny come quick to get you ute to be."
Webby says: "Crumpet nonsense."
Webby says: "You kind of had to be there."
Lena bids farewell and returns to the amphitheater.
Show thyself before this arc.
Free thy dread soul from its prison,.
Once more shall be re-risen.
Lena's shadow changes and sprouts a face.
Lena says: "Aunt Magica?"
Lena says: "I'm in."
The shadow grins evilly.