A mysterious figure in the desert stows away on a ship to Duckburg.
Dock worker says: "Alright Ralph, tie it up."
Dock worker says: "Looking good."
Dock worker says: "I love you too."
Figure reaches McDuck manor and barges in on Huey brushing his teeth.
Huey says: "Uh, Uncle Scrooge, Someone is here to see you."
Opening theme says: "Huey: Uh, so um, Mr."
Opening theme says: "Djinn, could I get you something while you wait?"
Opening theme says: "A Pep?"
Djinn says: "I am in no mood for Pep."
Djinn says: "I seek only the lamp of the first genie."
Djinn says: "A sacred relic of untold value that the last of my line has sworn to protect for all time."
Djinn says: "Today on the eve of the Efreet's Dawn, my quest must come to a triumphant conclusion or the consequences may be dire."
Huey says: "How about a Diet Pep?"
Scrooge says: "I know that lamp is here somewhere."
Scrooge says: "I found it years back."
Scrooge says: "Shoved it among the treasure of Collie Baba."
Beakley says: "Perhaps if we were told literally anyone about it instead of locking it away."
Scrooge says: "There's nothing to tell."
Scrooge says: "It is a cheap bauble not worth all the hard adventure it took to get it."
Scrooge says: "Big waste of time."
Scrooge says: "Why would I tell anyone about that?"
Louie says: "Found it."
Louie says: "It's gotta be one of these."
Scrooge says: "It's none of those."
Scrooge says: "The lamp Djinn's looking for is worthless."
Scrooge says: "I inspected it personally."
Scrooge says: "No genie, no mystical properties, no, NO!"
Louie says: "Ah!"
Scrooge says: "That's Ferryman's Flame."
Scrooge says: "It lights the way to the land of the dead."
Louie says: "Well, how is anybody supposed to know about anything in here?"
Scrooge says: "Because I know."
Scrooge says: "That's all that matters."
Louie says: "Ugh!"
Louie says: "Well, what does the right lamp look like?"
Scrooge says: "It's a faded bronze oil lamp with a scalloped pattern on the lid."
Louie says: "Uh boy."
Scrooge says: "What do you mean yard sale?"
Huey says: "Um, so did you see last week's episode of Ottoman Empire?"
Djinn says: "The Ottoman Empire?"
Djinn says: "You refer to those dread invaders that try to destroy my ancestors for the lamp?"
Djinn says: "They failed miserably."
Webby says: "I like everything about you."
Scrooge says: "So, Funny thing about the lamp."
Scrooge says: "You'll love this."
Scrooge says: "It appears I have misplaced it."
Djinn says: "You misplaced the lamp of the first genie?"
Djinn says: "I shall raze this home!"
Djinn says: "Strip it to the rafters brick by brick!"
Djinn says: "And I will not leave!"
Djinn says: "I will not stop!"
Djinn says: "Until I find it!"
Louie says: "Did he say misplaced?"
Louie says: "Uncle Scrooge meant to say stolen!"
Scrooge says: "Yes, the lamp was stolen by a powerful figure."
Scrooge says: "Oh, profoundly powerful."
Webby says: "Ooh, like a wicked sorcerer?"
Webby says: "Or a powerful god like a Sumerian god, or maybe Greek?"
Scrooge says: "Yes, Webby, a Greek god."
Webby says: "Do you think it's on Ithaquack?"
Louie says: "Yep, sure is."
Louie says: "It's way out on Ithaquack, Oh, so Djinn, I guess you must be going."
Djinn says: "Stolen?"
Djinn says: "Then we must go to this Ithaquack and reclaim the lamp."
Scrooge says: "Yes, W-we?"
Djinn says: "Scrooge McDuck, finder of the lamp."
Djinn says: "I swear allegiance to the courage in your veins."
Djinn says: "United, we have the power to mete justice."
Scrooge says: "Definitely!"
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Webby says: "So, I've compiled a list of possible foes."
Webby says: "There's Hades, Apollo, and let's not forget Zeus."
Scrooge says: "Louie accidentally sold the lamp."
Scrooge says: "This fellow will tear apart our home until we find it."
Louie says: "And if we don't, he might tear us apart."
Scrooge says: "Webby, we need to keep him busy while you boys track it down."
Scrooge says: "You think you could come up with some phony quest or trials to occupy him while- are you crying?"
Webby says: "A legendary quest by Webby Vanderquack."
Webby says: "Get ready for the ultimate adventure, Mr Djinn."
Djinn says: "Tally not!"
Djinn says: "The lamp awaits."
Scrooge says: "Find!"
Scrooge says: "That!"
Scrooge says: "Lamp!"
Dewey says: "And so the boys were left to their own devices on an impossible quest to right the careless wrong."
Dewey says: "Would it bring them closer, or tear them apart?"
Dewey says: "What?"
Dewey says: "I like Djinn's dramatic flair."
Huey says: "So you sold off a priceless artifact?"
Louie says: "I didn't sell it, and it was valued at three bucks tops."
Louie says: "I put together a little yard sale of junk I found in the garage."
Louie says: "Meh, I got bored after twenty minutes."
Louie says: "Yep, so I unloaded the yard sale duties."
Dewey says: "You made Duckworth do all the work?"
Louie says: "It's his job."
Louie says: "He lives for it."
Huey says: "He's a ghost."
Louie says: "And who am I to deprive him of a chance to feel alive again, Hubert?"
Dewey says: "With tensions high, the boys were left with no choice but to confront the one soul without a soul."
Huey says: "I haven't seen Duckworth in a week."
Huey says: "How are we supposed to find a ghost?"
Louie says: "I have a very simple solution."
Huey says: "This doesn't feel simple."
Webby says: "So, you seek the lamp, huh?"
Webby says: "The gods of old bring all of the noblest heroes to the temple as a final test of their merits before rewarding them with the spoils."
Webby says: "Each chamber will be a trial."
Webby says: "Every trial harder than the last."
Charybdis says: "Who dare wake me from my infinite slumber?"
Charybdis says: "Uh, what poor excuse for a hero believes he has what it takes to contain mighty Charybdis?"
Scrooge says: "Yeah, it-it is us, Scrooge and Djinn."
Scrooge says: "Have at ye, you multi-armed monstrosity."
Scrooge says: "Hyah!"
Scrooge says: "Oh oh noooo!"
Scrooge says: "Oh, you blasted beast!"
Djinn says: "You've dispatched my most loyal and chivalrous ally."
Djinn says: "You shall pay!"
Charybdis says: "OW!"
Charybdis says: "Hey!"
Charybdis says: "I wasn't done with my scene."
Djinn says: "For the lamp!"
Scrooge says: "Thanks for letting us borrow your temple, Selene."
Scrooge says: "We have to keep this persistent paladin busy."
Selene says: "Why have a deadly temple if you're not going to use it, right?"
Charybdis says: "Make it stop!"
Charybdis says: "Please, this wasn't the scene."
Webby says: "No improv!"
Webby says: "Stick to the script!"
Louie says: "So how does this work?"
Louie says: "Do I just call out to him, or, beh!"
Boys says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Un, that's not Duckworth."
Duckworth says: "Francis, they're with me."
Duckworth says: "How dare you interrupt my long overdue vacation!"
Louie says: "Sorry, sorry, sorry."
Louie says: "It was Huey's idea."
Huey says: "What?"
Huey says: "We need to know who bought the lamp from the garage sale."
Duckworth says: "I believe I sold to a rakish gentleman."
Duckworth says: "Said the lamp would go perfectly with the Persian rug he'd recently acquired."
Duckworth says: "Unfortunately, he had no money until an errant breeze blew a crisp twenty dollar bill directly into his open wallet."
Duckworth says: "Quite a stroke of luck."
Dewey says: "Hm."
Louie says: "Uncle Gladstone has the lamp."
Scrooge says: "That serendipitous deadbeat."
Scrooge says: "Call us as soon as you get it."
Charybdis says: "I give!"
Charybdis says: "I give!"
Djinn says: "I thank you, Charybdis, for the journey, and honor your role in the legend of the lamp."
Scrooge says: "We have to keep stalling."
Scrooge says: "What now?"
Webby says: "We're going to appendix B."
Gladstone says: "Dewdrop, Greener Pastures, Red Hat, can I offer you some refreshments?"
Gladstone says: "Some winning lotto tickets?"
Gladstone says: "How about a handful of diamonds I've found in a bag of ice?"
Louie says: "There's no time for that."
Louie says: "Where's the lamp?"
Gladstone says: "Buh?"
Huey says: "The ancient oil lamp you bought from our garage sale?"
Huey says: "We need it to save Uncle Scrooge."
Gladstone says: "Oh, that thing."
Gladstone says: "No idea."
Louie says: "Ugh!"
Gladstone says: "I was walking back from your place, cheerfully singing my own praises "Gladstone Gander, Gladstone Gander, Gladstone Gander, I am he."
Gladstone says: "" When my melodious musings called the attention of someone who wanted to buy the lamp."
Gladstone says: "He wanted to pay me in, get this, sticky nickels?"
Gladstone says: "Ah, no thank you."
Gladstone says: "So instead I opted to trade it with him for my brand new home."
Huey says: "Wait, who would trade a blimp for an old beat-up lamp?"
Gladstone says: "Some rich kid."
Gladstone says: "Came out of a giant tree house."
Huey says: "Rich kid?"
Dewey says: "Tree house?"
Louie says: "Sticky nickels?"
Boys says: "Doofus Drake?!"
Boys says: "!"
Webby says: "The impossible riddle of the Minotaur."
Webby says: "It can only be answered by the purest of heart."
Minotaur says: "Sh, sh, sh, coming."
Minotaur says: "He's coming."
Djinn says: "Minotaur."
Djinn says: "It is I, Djinn."
Djinn says: "The Efreet's Dawn nears and I seek the lamp that is my birthright."
Djinn says: "State your riddle."
Minotaur says: "Djinn, Be thee worthy?"
Djinn says: "Aye."
Minotaur says: "Are you sure?"
Djinn says: "Are you stalling?"
Minotaur says: "Okay, okay, the Minotaur's riddle: I'm more powerful than the gods, more evil than the demons."
Minotaur says: "The poor have me, the rich need me."
Minotaur says: "If you eat me, you shall die."
Minotaur says: "What am I?"
Minotaur says: "Take your time."
Djinn says: "Nothing."
Minotaur says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Djinn says: "Nothing is more powerful than the gods."
Djinn says: "Nothing is more evil than the demons."
Djinn says: "The poor have nothing."
Djinn says: "The rich need nothing."
Djinn says: "And if you eat nothing, you shall perish."
Djinn says: "Now let me pass."
Scrooge says: "That is correct."
Minotaur says: "Next question."
Djinn says: "But I've answered your riddle."
Minotaur says: "Well, it's really more of a quiz."
Minotaur says: "So a train leaves Duckberg traveling at sixty miles per hour."
Dewey says: "As they march to their next trial, a cold chill tickled their spines."
Dewey says: "The mad boy king of Duckberg could spell their doom."
Louie says: "Not helping, Dewey."
Louie says: "Some cheap piece of brass isn't worth all this trouble."
Louie says: "Maybe we get Djinn a replacement lamp?"
Huey says: "Djinn monologued about this lamp and the Efreet's Dawn for ten minutes without blinking."
Louie says: "Hmm."
Huey says: "Scrooge and Webby are counting on us."
Louie says: "Scrooge and Webby can take care of themselves."
Djinn says: "To see time fly?"
Djinn says: "Now, if there are no further riddles."
Selene says: "That's the end of the joke book."
Scrooge says: "Um."
Minotaur says: "Got your nose."
Djinn says: "Monster!"
Djinn says: "Is it not enough to steal the lamp, but now you claim my nose as well?!"
Djinn says: "!"
Minotaur says: "You may pass."
Minotaur says: "You may pass."
Minotaur says: "You may pass."
Djinn says: "I thank you, Minotaur, for the journey, and honor your role in the legend of the lamp."
Scrooge says: "Come on, come on!"
Scrooge says: "What's taking them so long?"
The boys watch Doofus play a theremin while his parents/staff dance.
Huey says: "Um."
Doofus says: "I call that "Fun time, Son time."
Doofus says: "" Anyway, you were saying?"
Huey says: "We weren't."
Dewey says: "You've been playing the theremin for an hour."
Louie says: "Ha ha, hey buddy, yeah."
Louie says: "Do you remember purchasing an old lamp recently?"
Doofus says: "Hm, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp."
Doofus says: "Oh you mean my syrup boat."
Louie says: "Yeah, okay, sure man, whatever, ha ha."
Doofus says: "I needed it for my one-man flapjack jamboree."
Doofus says: "It was the perfect syrup boat until it ran out."
Doofus says: "So I disposed of it."
Louie says: "Agh!"
Dewey says: "It's in your trash?"
Huey says: "Why not just refill it?"
Doofus says: "Oh, I no longer need a boat."
Doofus's dad/butler says: "May I wash my hands now?"
Doofus says: "No!"
Louie says: "The trash cans!"
Louie says: "The lamp!"
Huey says: "..."
Huey says: "Is somewhere on that truck?"
Dewey says: "Cruel irony."
Dewey says: "One man's treasure is another man's trash, and."
Webby says: "What do we do, Uncle Scrooge?"
Selene says: "I can't stall that door much longer."
Scrooge says: "If there's no lamp that marauder will have our hides for using a pointless to distract him from his pointless quest."
Scrooge says: "Yes?"
Scrooge says: "Jumping jalopidous junk heaps!"
Djinn says: "I have proven myself."
Djinn says: "Where is it?"
Selene says: "You made it, but, uh, before you completed the Minotaur's quiz, the nefarious, wrote it down here, ah!"
Selene says: "Ma Beagle stole the lamp and returned to Duckberg."
Selene says: "Yeah, that's why I'm breathing heavy."
Selene says: "I just fought her."
Selene says: "Yeah."
Djinn says: "Then we must return to Duckberg!"
Scrooge says: "Whew!"
Selene says: "Whew!"
Webby says: "Whew!"
At the Beagle Boys junkyard late at night.
Scrooge says: "This place is crawling with crooks."
Scrooge says: "Let's wait for some to leave, grab that trinket, and we never speak of this ever again."
Djinn says: "There is no time."
Djinn says: "The Effreet's Dawn nears."
Djinn says: "If by daybreak, the lamp is in the wrong hands, the consequences would be devastating."
Kids says: "What?"
Kids says: "Since when?"
Kids says: "Really?"
Scrooge says: "But I examined it."
Scrooge says: "The lamp had no powers."
Djinn says: "Did you examine it on the Efreet's Dawn?"
Scrooge says: "Well, no but."
Huey says: "We need to find a way to sneak in without tipping them off, and then."
Djinn says: "Treacherous Beagles!"
Beagle Boys says: "Grr."
Djinn says: "Hand over the lamp!"
Ma Beagle says: "What is this garbage distracting me from my garbage?"
Djinn says: "I am Faris Djinn."
Djinn says: "Seeker of the lamp."
Djinn says: "You knew the lamp's worth when you stole it from the Temple of Heroes."
Ma Beagle says: "I didn't steal no lamp."
Djinn says: "The ancient token of my father's."
Djinn says: "The lamp of the first genie."
Ma Beagle says: "Genie lamp?"
Ma Beagle says: "Dibs!"
Ma Beagle says: "Take him out!"
Big Time says: "You got it, ma!"
Beagle Boys says: "Heh heh heh."
Ma Beagle says: "If it's in my junk yard, someone threw it away, and that means it belongs to me."
Djinn says: "Threw it away?"
Djinn says: "Who would have?"
Djinn says: "And what of our quest, and has this all been an charade, a false quest to hide the fact that you cast aside the lamp as garbage?"
Louie says: "I'm sorry."
Louie says: "we didn't know the lamp was a big deal."
Louie says: "Uncle Scrooge tells us nothing."
Djinn says: "For the lamp!"
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Webby says: "This is so much realer than my fake adventure."
Scrooge says: "Come on, lads."
Ma Beagle says: "Keep them busy."
Ma Beagle says: "I'm gonna get me some genie wishes."
Beagle Boys says: "Heh heh heh."
Scrooge says: "Djinn, I'm sorry I tricked you."
Scrooge says: "If I'd known what was at stake."
Djinn says: "Another chapter in the legend."
Djinn says: "A final trial before we find the lamp."
Djinn says: "It's all part of the journey."
Louie says: "Aahh!"
Beagle Boys says: "Oooh!"
Louie says: "Aahh!"
Louie says: "Aahh!"
Louie says: "Aahhh!"
Huey says: "Aahhh!"
Beagle Boys says: "Ha ha ha ha."
Scrooge says: "Ehugh, it could be anywhere."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge, the lamp!"
Scrooge says: "There!"
Djinn says: "The lamp."
Scrooge says: "C'mon!"
Djinn says: "Go get the lamp before the Efreet's Dawn."
Scrooge says: "Oh, no you don't!"
Ma Beagle says: "It's mine!"
Ma Beagle says: "Got it!"
Ma Beagle says: "First wish, better kids."
Beagle Boys says: "Why are you so mean, Mamma?"
Ma Beagle says: "What gives?"
Ma Beagle says: "Wheres the magic?"
Ma Beagle says: "The genie?"
Ma Beagle says: "The wishes?"
Djinn says: "Ha ha ha."
Djinn says: "Is that what you thought, an actual living genie inside the lamp?"
Djinn says: "You took that literally?"
Scrooge says: "You said it would be devastating in the wrong hands."
Djinn says: "Yes, devastating to me personally."
Djinn says: "It's a precious family heirloom."
Huey says: "And the Efreet's Dawn?"
Djinn says: "It's my birthday, and I can think of no finer gift."
Louie says: "So, why did we do any of this?"
Djinn says: "The story of the lamp goes back centuries."
Djinn says: "Back in olden times, my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandmother discovered the lamp at a bazaar."
Djinn says: "After accidentally rubbing it, a genie did in fact emerge."
Djinn says: "Instead of asking for wishes, my grandmother befriended this lively impish fellow, and they fell in love."
Djinn says: "When it came time to wish, my grandmother made just one, to free her love."
Djinn says: "Though he no longer had any magic, he granted her every wish as her devoted husband."
Djinn says: "Much like this lamp, the true magic was in their journey."
Djinn says: "And after centuries of searching, my family has finally reclaimed the totem that started it all."
Ma Beagle says: "Enough."
Ma Beagle says: "Time to trash this piece of junk."
Ma Beagle says: "Hey!"
Djinn says: "Anyone else wish to test me on my birthday?"
Beagle Boys says: "Uh uh, happy birthday dude!"
Dewey says: "A triumph for the family and their new ally."
Dewey says: "Having found both the lamp and the greatest treasure of all, a cool story to tell."
Louie says: "Booooo!"
Webby says: "Aw!"
Scrooge says: "So Djinn, what will you do now?"
Djinn says: "Find a new quest, and let this lamp be the start of a whole new legend to share with my descendants."
Djinn says: "A treasure's greatest value lies in the stories they can tell us."
Scrooge says: "Stories, eh?"
Scrooge says: "Welcome to the tax-deductible adventurers wing of the Duckberg Museum."
Scrooge says: "It was time for a little spring cleaning, and time to share these tales with you all and everyone."
Webby says: "What's special about this?"
Scrooge says: "That's the famed candy-striped ruby."
Scrooge says: "a gift from the king of Rippintaro Island."
Scrooge says: "This was long ago."
Scrooge says: "I was an ambitious young lad."