Opens on the Moon, Lunaris is giving a speech to a crowd of moon citizens.
Lunaris says: "Mighty Moon Lander, you who were betrayed by our so-called "friend" Della Duck from the foul and pathetic Earth."
Crowd boos the Earth.
Lunaris says: "Now we have captured a cunning Earth spy who has confirmed our greatest fears: the Earthers plan to invade!"
Lunaris says: "the brother of the traitor Della Duck!"
Donald says: "Della!"
Donald says: "?"
Donald says: "Where!"
Donald says: "?"
Donald says: "Hey, what's the big idea!"
Donald says: "?"
Random Moon citizen says: "What did he say?"
Lunaris says: "He said- "Death to the Moon!"
Lunaris says: "'  For we are the mighty!"
Lunaris says: "We are the Moon!"
Crowd says: "We are the Moon!"
Crowd says: "We are the Moon!"
Lunaris drops Donald.
Lunaris says: "Please, this victory belongs to the champion of the Moon, Lieutenant Penumbra."
Lunaris says: "She discovered the Earthers plan to invade us which is why I am promoting her to captain."
Penumbra says: "But sir, that's a lie!"
Lunaris says: "They don't know that, listen."
Crowd says: "Penumbra!"
Crowd says: "Penumbra!"
Lunaris says: "You're a hero again."
Lunaris says: "Isn't that what you wanted?"
Penumbra nods, but her smile fades as she looks away.
Opening theme says: "Scrooge is in his office building a model:."
Dewey says: "I've uncovered a conspiracy!"
Dewey says: "Photographic evidence proves that there is a fourth triplet, a quad-triplet, if you will."
Dewey says: "We must find Phooey Duck!"
Dewey says: "By the way, I named him Phooey."
Scrooge says: "Uh, that fourth egg is a mustard stain."
Dewey says: "But who was eating a sandwich while looking at a photo album?"
Dewey says: "Phooey strikes again."
Webby says: "Who's ready for the greatest family secret of all time?"
Webby says: "I was going through the family tree when I realized the branches correspond to geographical points of a map."
Webby says: "This could lead to the Silver Sporran of Clan McDuck."
Scrooge says: "Found it years ago, thank you."
Dewey says: "Hold on, I can pull a mystery out of this."
Dewey says: "Mustard stain, mustard is in the fridge."
Dewey says: "Family tree, what grows on trees?"
Dewey says: "Peppers, I assume."
Dewey says: "But Beakley hasn't bought peppers in years."
Webby says: "Ghost peppers!"
Dewey says: "It's all connected!"
Webby says: "Let's go!"
Scrooge says: "Hang on!"
Scrooge says: "An adventure has to "call" to you."
Scrooge says: "You cannot just go around making up mysteries."
Webby says: "We spent so much time on the mystery of the Spear of Selene."
Webby says: "Now that Della's back, we're hungry for a new epicly complex, multi-part family mystery to solve."
Huey says: "Huh, my postcard to Uncle Donald was returned."
Huey says: "That's weird."
Dewey says: "You hear that, Webby?"
Webby says: "It's the call to adventure."
Scrooge says: "Ugh."
Donald gets thrown into a cell and is trying to escape. He first tries the bars and then discovers the walls are brittle.
Lunaris says: "Our fleet of ships are proceeding according to plan."
Lunaris says: "As predicted, the people's spirits have been raised by the capture of the traitor Della's brother."
Lunaris says: "The soldiers are training twice as hard for our invasion."
Penumbra says: "Permission to speak freely, sir."
Penumbra says: "Do you really think our people are ready for war?"
Penumbra says: "They've never seen combat."
Penumbra says: "We know next to nothing about Earth apart from Della's dumb stories."
Lunaris says: "Believe in the superior might of the moon, Captain."
Lunaris says: "We are the mighty."
Penumbra says: "We are the Moon."
Lunaris says: "If this prison cell is so comfortable, perhaps time in the gold mines will break your devil-may-care spirit."
Lunaris says: "Captain Penumbra, take care of it."
Lunaris leaves while Penumbra opens the cell. Donald tries to escape.
Penumbra says: "Stop!"
Penumbra says: "I'm Della's, ugh, friend."
Penumbra says: "It was really more of an unlikely roommate situation."
Penumbra says: "The point is neither of us wants this invasion."
Penumbra says: "Your stupid family built the rocket."
Penumbra says: "If I give you access to the blueprints, can you find a weakness and destroy our ships?"
Penumbra says: "I'll take that neck spasm as an earth yes."
Penumbra says: "Let's go."
Huey says: "Um, hello?"
Dewey says: "Well, well, well."
Dewey says: "Look what the cat dragged in."
Huey says: "You asked me to come here?"
Webby says: "We know what we asked."
Huey says: "Oh, I see, you guys are doing good cop/bad cop."
Webby says: "We're both the bad cop."
Dewey says: "I prefer to be called "Dew-tective."
Webby says: "Hey, bub."
Webby says: "This look familiar?"
Huey says: "That's the postcard I sent Uncle Donald."
Huey says: "It was returned."
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald loves sending cheesy vacation postcards."
Dewey says: "It's the only reason he goes anywhere."
Dewey says: "Not only haven't we received any cards from him on his vacation, but now the ones we sent him are returned."
Webby says: "Almost as if he's gone missing!"
Huey says: "Why are you yelling at me?"
Dewey says: "Chin up, kid."
Dewey says: "We'll find out what happened to the postcard, and your uncle."
Huey says: "He's your uncle too."
Huey says: "He's on a cruise."
Huey says: "It's hard to get mail to a boat."
Huey says: "Mystery solved."
Webby says: "We'll be the judge of that."
Dewey says: "We're on the case."
Huey says: "What case?"
Penumbra says: "Lunaris keeps the ship's blueprints under guard in his private hangar."
Zenith says: "Captain Penumbra?"
Gibbous says: "Uh Captain, why is our most dangerous prisoner out of his cell without handcuffs?"
Zenith says: "Honey, remember you have to unclip the holster, and I'm sure the captain has a good reason."
Penumbra says: "Yes, I'm punching him."
Penumbra says: "What better way to train to fight Earthers than to spar with one, huh?"
Donald says: "Uugh..."
Penumbra says: "Now, you try."
Zenith says: "Hngh."
Zenith says: "He's quite soft, almost pleasurable to hit."
Gibbous says: "I no longer fear him."
Zenith says: "Inflicting pain is fun."
Penumbra says: "Ha ha,  sorry."
Donald says: "Ow."
Zenith says: "Hold captain."
Zenith says: "The base's perimeter has been breached."
Gibbous says: "Ooh!"
Gibbous says: "it may be another spy."
Gibbous says: "This is your moment, Gibbous."
Penumbra says: "Sigh: Donald: Ugh."
Penumbra says: "Take the tunnels, avoid the soldiers barracks, and find the hangar."
Penumbra says: "I'll meet you there."
Dewey says: "To find out where the return postcard has been, we must get inside the head of the postcard."
Webby says: "You mean like the head of the guy on the stamp?"
Dewey says: "Huh, my dear Webbigail, don't be naive."
Dewey says: "We're going to ship ourselves to the address the postcard was sent to, find out what went wrong there, find Uncle Donald, and solve the most epic mystery since the Spear of Selene."
Dewey says: "Woo hoo!"
Webby says: "Shh, shh, she's right there."
Dewey says: "She doesn't suspect a thing."
Webby says: "Did you forget to tape the bottom of the box?"
Dewey says: "Yet another mystery we must solve, but first,  what did you do to Donald Duck?"
Mail Lady says: "Um, nothing."
Mail Lady says: "Wait, wait."
Mail Lady says: "Donald Duck lives here?"
Mail Lady says: "He never forwarded his address from the pier."
Mail Lady says: "I got a ton of his mail."
Dewey says: "Gasp."
Dewey says: "possible clues."
Dewey says: "Bill, bill, another bill."
Dewey says: "Man, being an adult is not fun."
Webby says: "These are all from the same address."
Webby says: "How mysterious."
Dewey says: "Not for long."
Dewey says: ""Your life is a non-stop deluge of pain."
Dewey says: "If you want it to stop, pay up."
Webby says: "Is your Uncle Donald being blackmailed?"
Dewey says: "He's not missing, he's on the run."
Dewey says: "He gotta save him before he's stuck in a tight spot he can't get out of."
Donald is trying to get out of a tight spot in the ducts.
Intercom says: "Attention all guards."
Intercom says: "The perimeter breach was not an earth spy."
Intercom says: "Merely a random beast trapped in the vents."
Intercom says: "Thank you for your diligence."
Critter says: "Hiss: Donald: What?"
Webby says: "This should be 9 Elm Street not 93 Elm Street."
Webby says: "Ooh, seedy."
Dewey says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald must be hiding from this Jones guy that lives here."
Dewey says: "Here's the plan."
Dewey says: "I'll use my spy skills to find more info on Uncle Donald while you distract Jones at the front door pretending to be..."
Webby says: "..."
Webby says: "Alexa Pretzelkov."
Webby says: "A volunteer collecting signatures to stop a greedy developer from shutting down the summer camp while also looking for the missing half of this locket."
Dewey says: "Ah."
Dewey says: "I already stole Huey's Junior Woodchuck outfit."
Dewey says: "Maybe this time, you could pretend to sell cookies?"
Webby says: "Fine, but if that summer camp shuts down, it's on you."
Dewey says: "Dew.."
Dewey says: "Dew Dewey Dewey no wait wait."
Dewey says: "Don't want to blow my cover."
Dewey says: "not not Dewey Dewey definitely not Dewey Dew..."
Webby says: "Hi, I'm a humble Junior Woodchuck selling cookies to stop a greedy developer from ruining everyone's summer."
Webby says: "It's the only thing that can distract me from my quest for the other half of this locket."
Donald tries to keep the barracks asleep as the critter wakes up the sleepers one by one. The critter ends up behind Donald's head, making him wake everyone up simultaneously.
Donald says: "Aw phooey."
The critter crawls in Donald clothes. Donald struggles to get it out and unintentionally knocks out the entire barracks.
Donald says: "What's going on?"
Donald says: "oh no!"
Penumbra says: "What are you doing in- here?"
Penumbra says: "Hmm, perhaps you're not so puny after all."
Penumbra says: "Come on!"
Penumbra grabs Donald.
Penumbra says: "This is Lunaris's private hangar."
Penumbra says: "The Spear blueprints are around here somewhere."
Penumbra says: "Help me look for them, but don't touch anything."
Penumbra says: "Lunaris will know."
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "Dah."
Donald says: "Ow!"
Penumbra says: "Great job, dummy."
Penumbra says: "Now he'll know we found his secret war room."
Penumbra says: "Wait!"
Penumbra says: "Secret war room?"
Donald says: "Huh?"
Penumbra says: "He's been planning this since before Della got here."
Penumbra says: "He's already identified anyone who could threaten his invasion."
Donald says: "Hah, hah, what?"
Donald presses a button with his elbow. The cannon in the room aims toward an opening window to earth as it gets loaded by a giant bullet-like shuttle.
Intercom says: "Danger!"
Intercom says: "Danger!"
Intercom says: "Danger!"
Penumbra says: "What is that thing?"
A video shows Lunaris and his multiple attempts to launch a shuttle to the earth.
Penumbra says: "No living thing could survive that."
Penumbra says: "This must be why he needed Della's Spear."
Penumbra says: "Now that he has the plans, he can start the invasion as soon as his fleet's finished."
Dewey says: "Ah!"
Dewey says: "Never sneak up on a kid detective-slash-spy like that."
Dewey says: "I could have injured-slash-killed you."
Dewey says: "Yeah I, I know."
Dewey says: "Where's Jones?"
Webby says: "I got him searching his drawers for half of a missing locket."
Webby says: "Yeah, my backstory was that good."
Webby says: "Whoa, this file has dates, locations, and names of every bad thing that's ever happened to Donald."
Dewey says: "Every setback and problem in Uncle Donald's life."
Dewey says: "Has Jones caused it all?"
Jones says: "Uncle Donald?"
Jones says: "You're part of this too."
Jones says: "And I know just who to call to take care of this."
Penumbra says: "We have to stop Lunaris."
Penumbra says: "This invasion is worse than I feared."
Roxanne Featherly says: "In recent years, Duckberg has been menaced by its share of dark forces..."
Penumbra says: "A transmission from earth?"
Penumbra says: "Get to the highest point."
Penumbra says: "There."
Penumbra says: "once you have a signal, use the transmitter to warn your- ARGH!"
Penumbra says: "ugh."
Donald says: "Huh?"
Donald says: "Uh?"
Lunaris says: "I believe the words you're looking for are "Aw phooey."
Lunaris says: "" You won't be sending any warning."
Lunaris says: "Oh, and Captain Penumbra's little rebellion is over before it began, thanks to this."
Lunaris says: "A pity, but great victory comes with sacrifice."
Donald says: "Hah, uh!"
Lunaris says: "A few brave soldiers get hurt, but it's worth it for the glory of the Planet Moon."
Lunaris says: "IT IS A PLANET!"
Lunaris says: "More of a planet than your earth will be once I'm done with it!"
Donald notices the displays of his family.
Lunaris says: "Heh heh heh, admiring my handiwork, Donald Duck?"
Lunaris says: "You see, most foes would target Scrooge McDuck."
Lunaris says: "They don't realize the key to victory is to take the children out first to break your spirits."
Lunaris says: "Say goodbye to your precious Hubert, Dewford, and Llewellyn."
Donald says: "Grr..."
Donald says: "."
Dewey says: "Nghh."
Webby says: "Nghh."
Dewey says: "Hah!"
Webby says: "Hah!"
Webby says: "Who is Jones working for?"
Webby says: "The Beagle Boys?"
Webby says: "F."
Webby says: "O."
Webby says: "W."
Webby says: "L."
Webby says: "?"
Webby says: "Oh, I bet it's those greedy land developers trying to ruin everyone's summer!"
Webby says: "Uncle Scrooge?"
Webby says: "You're in on it too?"
Dewey says: "Give Alexa back her locket, old man!"
Scrooge says: "Old man?"
Scrooge says: "Now you owe Mr."
Scrooge says: "Jones and me an apology."
Dewey says: "Not until Jones explains why he's been blackmailing Uncle Donald and ruining his life."
Scrooge says: "Jones isn't Donald's enemy."
Scrooge says: "He's Donald's anger management counselor."
Jones says: "Each of these dates corresponds to a hard time in Donald's life."
Jones says: "To cope, he came here to vent his frustration."
Webby says: "But what about this threatening letter?"
Webby says: ""Donald, your life is a nonstop deluge of pain."
Webby says: "If you want it to stop, pay up."
Webby says: "-Jones?"
Jones says: "It's attached to a bill."
Jones says: "Anger management's not free!"
Dewey says: "No, if Uncle Donald was seeing you then why is he still the angriest guy we know?"
Webby says: "Yeah, what have you done to help?"
Jones says: "I found the source of his anger."
Jones says: "Donald's anger issues stem from a fear that the world is out to get him."
Jones says: "and that no one understands him quite literally."
Jones says: "His tendency to lash out was wildly unfocused, until you kids came along."
Jones says: "He came to me wanting to be the best parent he could."
Jones says: "So he channeled that anger into protective instincts."
Jones says: "Every outburst is Donald wanting to protect his family."
Jones says: "He loves you so much, the thought of anything bad happening to you infuriates him."
Donald goes full rage against Lunaris. Lunaris is overwhelmed at first but then counters. Donald instead runs past Lunaris with the radio.
Donald says: "Scrooge!"
Donald says: "Kids!"
Donald says: "The invasion!"
Donald says: "It's in a month!"
Donald says: "I'm coming home soon!"
Donald says: "Ow!"
Lunaris breaks the radio, and Donald slides into the cockpit and starts the shuttle.
Intercom says: "Sir, should we give chase?"
Lunaris says: "No, no living thing could survive that."
Donald says: "The kids!"
Penumbra says: "There goes the bravest man on two worlds."
Scrooge says: "If you want someone to pay Donald's bills, you can speak to that invoice-avoiding ingrate yourself."
Webby says: "You were right, Uncle Scrooge."
Webby says: "We shouldn't have gone looking for a mystery where there wasn't one."
Dewey says: "But we did find one, dear Webby."
Dewey says: "The mystery of why Donald Duck is mad at the world: because he loves us."
Webby says: "But we still don't know why Huey's postcard to Donald was returned in the first place."
Donald says: "Scrooge!"
Donald says: "Kids!"
Donald says: "It's in a month."
Donald says: "I'm coming home soon!"
Scrooge says: "This reception's terrible."
Scrooge says: "Sounds like he's coming home in a month."
Scrooge says: "He seems to be having a great time."
Donald says: "AHHH!!!"