The episode opens in space with a shot of Earth. The camera brings us to the Spear of Selene flying to a severe cosmic storm dodging lightning bolts. Della is in the cockpit.
Della Duck says: "Mayday!"
Della Duck says: "Mayday!"
Della Duck says: "Does anybody read me?!"
Della Duck says: "!"
Static is heard and Della hits at her panel.
Scrooge McDuck says: "Stupid, no good!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Della!"
Della Duck says: "Uncle Scrooge!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Turn back!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "It's too dangerous!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "The Cosmic Storm's comin' at ya!"
Scrooge McDuck says: "Della!"
Scrooge's end goes static again. Della flies the Spear of Selene through the storm anyway, but before she can make it to the other side though, a bolt shocks the rocket, shorting out the rocket and sending it spiraling down to the Moon. Della strains trying to maintain control, but fails as the rocket skids across the Moon. Della is flung from the cockpit and glass breaks. The screen brings us one day after the horrific crash. Della slowly opens her eyes and widens them at her broken helmet.
Della Duck says: "Oh, no!"
Della Duck says: "Oh, no no no!"
Della Duck says: "No no no NO!"
Della looks at the Earth as the Cosmic Storm has just passed, then coughs and struggles to breath. She looks around from her POV and spots a box of Oxy-Chew gum.
Della Duck says: "Yes!"
Della Duck says: "Oxy-chew!"
Della reaches for the Oxy-chew pack with some difficulty and grabs it. She removes her helmet and takes a piece of the gum, chewing down on it. Suddenly, Della cringes and regains her oxygen before looking at the pack.
Della Duck says: "Ugh!"
Della Duck says: "Black licorice?!"
Della Duck says: "!"
Della tries to lift the broken piece off her left leg unsuccessfully. The broken booster is close to dropping onto her. Then, Della's copy of the photo of herself, Scrooge, Donald and the eggs lands near her. She examines the picture and takes another look at Earth. With the booster about to crash down on her, Della is horrified and tries kicking the broken equipment off; Still no effect. She then gives an angry look.
Della Duck says: "Aw phooey."
We flash two months after the horrific accident. Della walks into view glancing at the Earth. Her left leg replaced with a metal one, her shorts are ragged, and her jacket's right sleeve is gone leaving bandages. She is also chewing on her gum.
Della Duck says: "I'm coming, boys."
After a static, we next get a shot of Della from a brightly lit section of the rocket from the camera POV as she has turned it on.
Della Duck says: "Whoo, take that, science!"
Della Duck says: "Okay, hey, Uncle Scrooge, or Donald, or literally anybody who can hear me; This is Della Duck!"
Suddenly the lights blackout and Della looks around eyes shown. She then restores the lights.
Della Duck says: "Meh!"
Della Duck says: "Right, so here's what's up: The freak cosmic storm knocked out most of my systems."
Della Duck says: "But because i am an amazing pilot, I landed the ship safely."
Della Duck says: "For the most part."
Della Duck says: "I've made efforts to get off this rock myself."
Della says: "It did not go great."
Della says: "In the meantime, I've put together a pretty boss shelter."
Della says: "She's got a nice comfy bed, a calendar marking the days I've been here, and the uh, family room."
Della says: "Bet the boys have hatched by now."
Della says: "I'm not even sure what they look like."
Della says: "Oh, hold on."
Della says: "Here we go."
Della says: "That's better."
Della says: "Donald, if you're there, put the screen up to the crib."
Della says: "Hey kids, I'm your mom."
Della says: "I know I'm on a little trip for now but I'll keep sending these transmissions."
Della says: "You'll barely know I'm gone."
Della says: "I promise I'm coming home, somehow."
Della says: "Nothing can stop Della Duck."
Della says: "Oh man, we're going to go on so many amazing adventures when I get back."
Della says: "In fact, there's this old song about adventure that I used to sing to."
Della says: "AAHHH!"
Della says: "What are you?!"
Della says: "!"
Della says: "Its face has tentacles!"
Nine months after crash says: "Della:  So, it's been a few months."
Nine months after crash says: "I haven't heard back from anyone."
Nine months after crash says: "I need to find some other way to call for help."
Nine months after crash says: "Luckily, I found this in the wreckage: my old Junior Woodchuck Guidebook."
Nine months after crash says: "How to survive a shipwreck."
Nine months after crash says: "Create a signal for passing ships."
Nine months after crash says: "Rocket ships."
Della creates a giant message from the wreckage.
Della says: "There."
Della says: "Hey Scrooge."
Della says: "It's me, Della."
Della says: "I'm alive on the moon."
Della says: "Send help and snacks."
Della says: "This gum is the worst."
Della says: "Sincerely, Della."
Della says: "Perfect."
Della says: "Not enough scraps for a full S."
Della says: "O."
Della says: "S."
Della says: "Need something that will get Scrooge's attention."
Della says: "Nailed it!"
Astronaut says: "This is Space Eagle to McDuck HQ."
Astronaut says: "Looks like some kind of meteor strike on the surface."
Astronaut says: "There are no visible signs of life."
Della says: "Augh, Oof."
Della says: "No!"
Della says: "Wait!"
Della says: "Come back!"
Della says: "Okay, new plan."
Della says: "Plan C."
Della says: "I'm going to rebuild the Spear of Selene."
Della says: "I mean how hard could it be?"
Della says: "It's just rocket science."
Della says: "Oh boy."
Della says: "Focus, Della."
Della says: "Like Donald always says, do things by the book."
Della says: "Good thing Donald's not here."
Della tries to repair the ship, fails and ends up reassembling the torn manual and reads it. Six years after crash.
Della says: "Okay, it took a while, but I finally did it."
Della says: "I rebuilt the Spear of Selene!"
Della says: "Best mother ever!"
Della says: "Alright, I'm just got to start this baby up, and I'm on my way home!"
Della says: "Wasn't enough that Gyro created the most disgusting flavor of gum that somehow gets more flavorful as you chew it, but then he had to use his stupid gold tech to make the engine run!"
Della says: "HOW AM I GONNA FIND STINKING GOLD ON THE STINKING MOON?!"
Della says: "!"
Della says: "If there's gold on this rock, I'm gonna find it."
Ten years after crash says: "Della:  OW!"
Ten years after crash says: "(she puts a hand inside her beak, revealing a goldent tooth"
Ten years after crash says: "."
Ten years after crash says: "A gold filling."
Ten years after crash says: "Ah ha hah!"
Ten years after crash says: "I have gold in my mouth this whole time!"
Ten years after crash says: "I had gold in my mouth this whole time?!"
Ten years after crash says: "!"
Ten years after crash says: "That's why Scrooge made me go to the dentist as a kid, it wasn't about hygiene at all."
Ten years after crash says: "I've got backup gold!"
Ten years after crash says: "Nothing can stop me now!"
Mite returns and chews on the ship.
Della says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Della says: "Not this time!"
Della fights the mite and is saved by a moon centurion.
Penumbra says: "Halt in the name of the Moon."
Della says: "Wait, what?"
Della says: "Who?"
Della says: "What?"
Della says: "Oh, no you don't!"
Penumbra says: "Don't ignore me when I threaten your life."
Penumbra says: "Respect my dominance."
Penumbra says: "Who are you, and how did you get here?"
Della says: "Hi, I'm Della Duck."
Della says: "I have like thirteen million questions, but right now, I have to get my ship and get back to Earth."
Lunaris says: "Stand down, Lieutenant Penumbra."
Lunaris says: "Greetings earther, I am General Lunaris of the Planet Moon."
Della says: "What?"
Della says: "The moon's not a planet."
Penumbra says: "You will treat the vastly superior Moon with respect, or you will suffer the ultimate consequence."
Della says: "Look, I'll suffer whatever consequences you want after I find the mite."
Penumbra says: "Ah, the courageous warriors of the Planet Moon have been hunting the beast for more than three cycles, so how exactly is a pathetic, earth-dwelling dummy going find it?"
Della says: "Hey, i found the mite."
Lunaris says: "Open fire, Lieutenant Penumbra."
Penumbra says: "Quick, feed the earther to the beast."
Penumbra says: "While it's crushing her weak bones, we kill it."
Della says: "Listen, we both know how this goes."
Della says: "First, we hate each other, then go on a life changing adventure."
Della says: "Then, best friends."
Della says: "So can we move this along, Penny?"
Penumbra says: "My name is Lieutenant Penumbra!"
Lunaris says: "Stop firing Lieutenant, you'll hit Della."
Della says: "You won't stop me from getting home to my kids, you creepy crawly."
Della says: "I will not fail them again."
Della says: "Wait, the mite isn't a monster."
Della says: "It's a mother."
Penumbra says: "Who cares?"
Della says: "The mite isn't our enemy, it's just trying to survive."
Lunaris says: "She put herself in danger, faced unknown threats, scoured this entire planet for any scrap of metal."
Della says: "Because a mother would do anything for the sake of her kids."
Della says: "Let me try something."
Della says: "I used to sing this old song to my boys before they hatched."
Look to the stars, my darling baby boys.
Life is strange and vast filled with wonders and joys.
Face each new sun with eyes clear and true.
Unafraid of the unknown because I'll face it all with you.
Della says: "Quick, give me your guns."
Penumbra says: "Oh, good plan."
Penumbra says: "Lull the beast into a false sense of security only to betray them when they're at their most vulnerable."
Penumbra says: "Heh, maybe we are becoming best friends."
Della gives the guns to the mother mite.
Penumbra says: "Boo!"
Penumbra says: "You disappoint me in every way possible."
The mother mite feeds the gold to her baby. The baby's eyes turn blue, and both mites tunnel into the ground.
Lunaris says: "We fought the mites for cycles, and you turn them back not through battle but compassion."
Lunaris says: "If we simply share the gold, we will no longer be at war with the beasts."
Lunaris says: "You have done the Planet Moon a great service today, Della Duck."
Della says: "There's no way i can fix this."
Della says: "Sorry boys."
Della says: "I tried."
Lunaris says: "You might not be able to go home, but that doesn't mean you can't make a new one with us."
Lunaris says: "For too long the mites have been attacking our home, but my people will hide in fear no more."
Della says: "Neat house."
Della says: "Huh, where I'm from, we call this a rock."
Penumbra says: "General, am I allowed to disintegrate her yet?"
Lunaris laughs and opens the door which reveals a city large enough to cover the dark side of the moon.
Della says: "Wha?"
Lunaris says: "Welcome to Tranquility."
Della says: "Wait, this whole time there's been a city here, and I've been slumming in the moon desert?"
Penumbra says: "I told you you were a dummy."
Della says: "And you guys have food, and weapons, and  gold!"
Lunaris says: "It's our most plentiful resource."
Lunaris says: "We use it for everything."
Penumbra says: "Sometimes, we just throw it in the trash, which is also made of gold."
Della says: "Wow, that is incredibly infuriating, but amazing."
Della says: "I can fix my ship."
Penumbra says: "Your attempts to wrestle me to the ground are pathetic."
Della says: "See, best friends!"
Penumbra says: "I can't believe you're just gonna let that moon hater run free."
Penumbra says: "You've gone earth-soft."
Lunaris says: "That earth dweller managed to defeat our greatest enemy like it was nothing."
Lunaris says: "She could be useful."
Penumbra says: "Or dangerous."
Penumbra says: "Watch your back, earther."