The episode starts with a shot of a seagull flying across the sky and to a harbor of ships. The bird caws.
Sailor 1#.
Hey!
Sailor 2#.
Eh!
Sailor 3#.
Go!
The seagull lands on Donald's boat then fly's away. Donald is getting ready for a job interview with Louie chasing after him holding a uniform.
Louie Duck says: "Come on!"
Louie Duck says: "Hold still, Uncle Donald: Donald Duck: Get off of me!"
Huey is cooking.
Huey Duck says: "Good morning, Uncle Donald: Louie is holding Donald's other clothes and his uniform."
Louie says: "You can't wear this to your job interview: Louie puts Donald's original uniform in the dishwasher and turns it on."
Donald says: "My uniform!"
Louie says: "You gotta dress for the job you want, not the job you have, which is no job: Donald's sleeve catches fire but he puts it out."
Donald says: "Huey, don't touch the stove."
Donald says: "That's hot!"
Donald's sleeve gets out of the sink and slaps Donald in the face.
Huey says: "But it's a big day, and a big day calls for a big breakfast: Huey shows Donald a plate with words saying "We believe in you Uncle Donald", a egg and a fish are on it."
Huey says: "The fish deflates."
Huey says: "Huey throws the plate and it shatters."
Huey says: "I'll get the iron."
Donald says: "Ouch!"
Donald says: "Ooch: Donald starts squawking."
Donald says: "Stop helping me."
Donald says: "And put on your life vests."
Donald says: "What if the boat goes down while the babysitter's here?"
Huey says: "Yes, Uncle Donald: Donald: Where is that babysitter?"
Louie says: "Yes, Uncle Donald: Donald: Where is that babysitter?"
Donald picks up the phone and the line starts ringing.
Donald says: "Where are you?"
Donald says: "What?"
Donald says: "I didn't give you a new address: Huey and Louie give each other a look with a smirk."
Donald says: "Well, what time can you get here?"
With the babysitter.
Babysitter says: "I.."
Babysitter says: "don't..."
Babysitter says: "know..."
With Donald, Huey, Louie.
Donald says: "Crazy old bird: Donald hangs up the phone."
Donald says: "Where can I find another babysitter at 10:00?"
Donald says: "Ten o'clock?"
Huey says: "Ten o'clock?"
Louie says: "Ten o'clock?"
Louie says: "You gotta go!"
Louie puts the ironing board back and Huey puts Donald's shirt on him. Louie starts pushing Donald. Outside.
Donald says: "Boys, I can't just leave you: Louie: We can survive for a couple of hours: Donald: A couple of hours?"
Donald says: "Uh..."
Donald says: "Well, okay, but just keep those life vests on: Huey and Louie gives each other a thumbs up."
Donald says: "Donald starts walking off until the boat engine turns on."
Donald says: "Where's Dewey?"
Louie says: "Sleeping: Huey: Who's Dewey?"
Louie looks at Huey. Donald walks back inside the boat.
Louie says: "Who's Dewey?"
With Dewey.
Dewey Duck says: "All right, boys."
Dewey Duck says: "We'll get to Cape Suzette and back before anyone realizes we're gone."
Dewey Duck says: "So long, Dorkburg."
Dewey Duck says: "Hello..."
Dewey Duck says: "Uncle Donald."
Dewey Duck says: "What..."
Dewey Duck says: "what's up?"
Donald throws Huey, Dewey and Louie in the back seat.
Donald says: "I can't leave you boys alone for one minute: Donald closes the door."
Dewey says: "You were supposed to get him out by ten o'clock, Hubert: Huey: You were supposed to signal before you started the boat, Dewford: Louie: We never get to do anything: Donald is in the front seat."
Donald says: "Boys, if we want to keep our home afloat..."
Donald sighs.
Donald says: "..."
Donald says: "We've all got to do things we don't want to do: GPS: Destination, McDuck Manor: Huey: McDuck Manor?"
Donald says: "As in Scrooge McDuck?"
Dewey says: "The bajillionaire?"
Louie says: "You're finally gonna sell us: Donald: I'm not gonna sell..."
Louie says: "He owes me: Dewey: We're gonna meet Scrooge McDuck?"
Louie says: "That guy's amazing: Huey: What?"
Dewey says: "I heard he's so epic, he defeated a rock giant and carved a statue of himself out of its leg!"
Huey says: "I heard he's so smart, he solved the mystery of the Chupacabra."
Huey says: "Turns out it was just a shaved bear!"
Louie says: "I heard that he's so rich, he only hunts for treasure to swim in it!"
Donald says: "All right, take it down a notch."
Donald says: "It's only for a couple of hours."
Dewey says: "A couple of hours with the most exciting duck in the world!"
Bentley Buzzard says: "With business expanding in Spoonerville and St."
Bentley Buzzard says: "Canard markets, noted in Appendices C,G, and 5F, we're also cutting funding to unnecessary departments, Historical research, Experimental Tech, Deep Sea Exploration: Scrooge McDuck: Fantastic: Scrooge goes to his money vault."
Scrooge says: "Back in the bin with ya."
Scrooge says: "See ya tomorrow: Scrooge sighs."
Scrooge says: "Scrooge closes the vault door."
Scrooge says: "The limo is driving the McDuck Manor."
Scrooge says: "The dog starts barking."
Scrooge says: "Scrooge is sliding around in the back seat."
Launchpad McQuack says: "Just another day at the office, eh, Mr."
Launchpad McQuack says: "McD."
Launchpad McQuack says: "?"
Launchpad laughs.
Launchpad says: "Been there."
Launchpad says: "I don't have an office, per se, but in some ways, the road is my office."
Launchpad says: "Hey, that's deep."
Launchpad says: "I gotta write that down: Launchpad crashes into a table."
Launchpad says: "Scrooge gasps."
Scrooge says: "Eyes on the road, McQuack."
Scrooge says: "Every dent is coming outta your salary: Launchpad: Absolutely."
Scrooge says: "Hey, you read about that crazy snowstorm over at Drake Barrier Reef?"
Scrooge says: "I'd hate to fly into that one."
Scrooge says: "See, I'm a bit of a pilot, and, uh..."
Scrooge starts closing the partition.
Launchpad says: "Ooh, okay."
Launchpad says: "Divider: The partition closes."
Launchpad says: "There you go: The limo keeps swerving."
Launchpad says: "Hit the breaks!"
Launchpad hits the brakes. Scrooge groans.
Scrooge says: "Why aren't we moving?"
With Donald, Huey, Dewey and Louie.
Donald says: "Mrs."
Donald says: "B!"
Donald says: "Open up."
Donald says: "I need to get out of here before..."
Scrooge is honking the limo's horn.
Donald says: "..."
Donald says: "He..."
Donald says: "shows up."
Scrooge gets out of the limo.
Scrooge says: "Oi, jettison that jalopy from my driveway this instant, you deadbeat: Donald gets out of his car and walks up to Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "Donald Duck."
Donald says: "Uncle Scrooge."
Huey says: "Uncle Scrooge?"
Huey, Dewey and Louie are cheering. Dewey jumps out of the car and rolls on top of the car. Dewey gets back into the car and knocks over Huey and Louie.
Donald says: "So, you're looking good."
Scrooge says: "Still living on that boat?"
Donald says: "Yup."
Donald says: "Still a trillionaire?"
Scrooge points to a peacock flying behind the gate to the manor.
Donald says: "Good, Good."
Donald says: "So..."
Scrooge says: "So..."
Scrooge says: "jettison that jalopy from my driveway this instant, you deadbeat!"
Donald says: "Aw, here we go!"
Donald says: "Giving orders like he's the richest duck in the world!"
Scrooge says: "I am the richest duck in the world."
Scrooge says: "Now move!"
Donald says: "I would love to!"
Donald says: "It just so happens I have a job interview!"
Scrooge says: "So why are you just standing there yelling?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Donald says: "Mrs."
Donald says: "B."
Donald says: "said that you would watch the boys."
Donald says: "Can you do that without losing them?"
Scrooge says: "Of course I can!"
Donald says: "Fantastic!"
Donald says: "Thank you SO Much!"
Scrooge says: "YOU'RE WELCOME!"
Scrooge says: "Wait, what now?"
Donald says: "Huey, Dewey, Louie, meet Scrooge McDuck."
Donald says: "Remember: No tricks, no lies, no trouble."
Huey says: "Yes, Uncle Donald."
Dewey says: "Yes, Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "Yes, Uncle Donald."
Donald says: "I wasn't talking to you."
The boys enter the mansion says: "Louie: Whoa!!!"
Mrs. Beakley says: "Talk to your nephews."
Scrooge says: "Ep!"
Scrooge says: "So, do children still like..."
Scrooge says: "marbles or uh..."
Huey says: "Are you really our uncle?"
Dewey says: "How old are you?"
Louie says: "What's your net worth?"
Huey says: "What's the deal with you and Uncle Donald?"
Louie says: "Ooo, is this fork real silver?"
Louie says: "Can I have it?"
Huey says: "How come you never visit?"
Louie says: "Oh, cause you're so old and moving is so hard?"
Dewey says: "You owe us a LOT of birthday presents!"
Louie says: "You used to be a big deal."
Louie says: "Whatever happened to you?"
Scrooge says: "BEAKLEY!"
Scrooge throws the kids in an empty room.
Scrooge says: "You agreed to watch 'em."
Scrooge says: "Watch 'em!"
Scrooge says: "Huey, Louie..."
Scrooge says: "the third one."
Mrs. Beakley says: "Please do not leave the designated play area."
Beakley gives the boys a bag of marbles.
Beakley says: "A gift from your great uncle."
Beakley says: "You will return them upon your departure."
Beakley says: "He's counted them."
Beakley locks the door.
Huey says: "Great, now we've got two boring uncles."
Louie says: "So we're totally ditching this room right?"
Dewey says: "Yup, and I know just how to do it."
Scrooge says: "Hmph."
Scrooge says: "Used to be a big deal."
Dewey says: "Hmph!"
Dewey says: "Hah!"
Dewey says: "Hah!"
Dewey says: "Stupid!"
Dewey says: "Doorknob!"
Dewey says: "Come!"
Dewey says: "Off!"
Dewey says: "Nailed it!"
Louie says: "Huh, I can't believe THAT was your best plan."
Dewey says: "Come on guys!"
Dewey says: "Let's go touch some expensive stuff."
Dewey says: "Wah!"
Huey says: "DEWEY!"
Louie says: "DEWEY!"
Dewey says: "I'll put the marbles back!"
Dewey says: "I swear!"
Who sent you? Ma Beagle 2017Ma Beagle? Glomgold? Answer me...
Uncle Scrooge? OH MY GOSH, THE NEPHEWS!
Louie says: "Wait, you know us?"
Of course! Researching Mr. McDuck and his family is kinda my hobby.
Louie says: "What?"
What are your blood types? What's Donald really like? Who's the evil triplet?
Huey says: "Louie."
Dewey says: "Louie."
Louie says: "Meh."
Tell me EVERYTHING!
Louie says: "We live with our uncle..."
Dewey says: "..."
Dewey says: "On a boat."
Go on...
Huey says: "Kinda it."
Huey says: "We're just a normal, boring family."
Normal? Boring? HAH!
Girl kicks ball and reveals family tree chart.
Huey, Dewey and Louie Duck. Scrooge McDuck's great nephews from his sister Hortense's side with Quackmore Duck, twice removed!
Dewey says: "And you are?"
Oh, right. Webby Vanderquack. My granny's the housekeeper. WAIT! Are we friends now?
Huey says: "If we say "yes" will you let us live?"
Webby says: "HAH!"
Webby says: "Good one new best friend."
Louie says: "So, friend, what do you do for fun around here?"
Webby says: "Oh, I'm the best at fun, um."
Dewey says: "Atleast it's not the marble room."
Scrooge says: "C'mon you braggart, you won't get the best of Scrooge McD--aah!"
Beakley says: "Hm, a little spring cleaning?"
Scrooge says: "Maybe, maybe not."
Scrooge says: "Read this."
Beakley says: "Snow."
Beakley says: "On the Drake Barrier Reef."
Scrooge says: "First time in fifty years."
Scrooge says: "That weather report aligns perfectly with the Papaya Prophecy."
Scrooge says: "A shift in currents may present a pathway to..."
Scrooge says: "Atlantis!"
Scrooge says: "Lost city under the sea."
Beakley says: "This is because some children made fun of you isn't it?"
Scrooge says: "Nonsense, I'm no has-been; they're the has-beens."
Scrooge says: "I am a am-now."
Scrooge says: "Make a list: four oxygen tanks, two pressure gauges, a pilot,..."
Launchpad says: "I'm a pilot."
Scrooge says: "A week's provisions, an experimental deep-sea sub,..."
Launchpad says: "I'm a pilot."
Beakley says: "And one secretary for an old man who seems to have forgotten that I am NOT HIS SECRETARY!"
Scrooge says: "So..."
Scrooge says: "not interested?"
Beakley says: "I have enough excitement caring for Webby."
Beakley says: "Perhaps you should spend some time with your family."
Scrooge says: "Why?"
Scrooge says: "Hang up my spats?"
Scrooge says: "Become the dottering old relic everyone thinks I am?"
Scrooge says: "Spinning yarns to those loudmouth young'uns about the man I used to be?"
Beakley says: "You have avoided them for ten years."
Scrooge says: "Because family is nothing but trouble!"
Dewey says: "gasp: Scrooge: I'm Scrooge McDuck."
Dewey says: "I made my name being tougher than the toughies and smarter than the smarties."
Dewey says: "and I made my money square on my own."
Dewey says: "No nephews, no family, no one helped me then, and I don't need help now, and..."
Dewey says: "Beakley, a little help?"
Dewey says: "Maybe they're right."
Webby says: "Whoa, vent crawl!"
Huey says: "You don't get out much do you?"
Webby says: "Ah, Granny's a bit overprotective."
Webby says: "She trains me to be ready for anything, but then she says I've got everything I need in here."
Webby says: "But one day I'm going to see the world."
Webby says: "I'm going to be an explorer!"
Webby says: "I'm going to go eat a hamburger."
Huey says: "We could bring you a hamburger."
Webby says: "You really are my best friends."
Dewey falls out of the grate, dejected.
Webby says: "Welcome to the wing of secrets."
Huey says: "I knew it."
Louie says: "Dewey, check it out."
Dewey says: "Yeah, whatever."
Webby says: "The Gong of Pixiu."
Webby says: "Hit it three times to unleash unspeakable evil."
Huey says: "Uh, what are you doing?"
Louie says: "Calling dibs on stuff."
Louie says: "What, Scrooge is like is like super old."
Webby says: "Whoa careful."
Webby says: "Medusa's gauntlet."
Webby says: "one touch could turn organic matter to stone."
Louie says: "Okay, we'll call this one a maybe."
Huey says: "This place is incredible."
Dewey says: "It's fake."
Huey says: "Is that Uncle Donald?"
Webby says: "Oh yeah, he was Mr McDuck's sidekick."
Huey says: "Dewey's right."
Louie says: "Totally fake."
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald has never done anything cool."
Webby says: "What?"
Webby says: "Donald Duck is one of the most daring adventurers of all time!"
Donald wrestles with a stapler says: "Dewey: This has got to be a fake, and I bet everything else is too."
Webby says: "That's not true."
Webby says: "what about this picture with Chubracabra?"
Huey says: "Photoshopped."
Webby says: "Well, this treasure chest?"
Louie says: "Probably bought it at an auction."
Webby says: "This g-g-ghost?"
Dewey says: "You mean this Halloween decoration?"
Ghost pirate says: "Curse ye you scurvy life lubbers!"
Webby says: "It's Captain Peg-hook the scourge of the river Styx."
Dewey says: "It's real, It's really, really real."
Webby says: "The Deus Excalibur."
Webby says: "It won't rest until it's target's slain."
Huey says: "But he's already dead."
Webby says: "Do not let anything else hit that gong."
Louie says: "Yep, I'm going to sit this one out."
Webby says: "The headless man-horse."
Webby says: "That one feels self-explanatory."
Dewey says: "That's twice."
Webby says: "One more and something terrible could happen."
Louie says: "What could be worse than this?"
Scrooge says: "What in Dismal Downs is going on in here?!"
Scrooge says: "!"
Triplets says: "There it is."
Scrooge says: "Why aren't you in your rooms?"
Huey says: "We've got this."
Huey says: "There are four of us and three of them."
Huey says: "If we, wait never mind, they teamed up."
Scrooge says: "Ah good, that means only one target."
Dewey says: "No, get back!"
Dewey says: "You're old!"
Scrooge says: "Oi Beastie, what's it gonna take to shuffle you off to the afterlife?"
Peg-hook says: "The head of Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge says: "Would you settle for his hat?"
Peg-hook screams, Scrooge throws his hat and ducks under him. Peg-hook throws sword, head flies, all gasp then realize it's from the statue which Scrooge catches.
Scrooge says: "There's your head."
Scrooge tosses head statue to Peg-hook.
Peg-hook says: "I should have been more specific!"
Louie says: "We can explain."
Louie says: "We came down to your secret museum to look for you because we love you?"
Scrooge says: "Secret museum?"
Scrooge says: "this is the garage."
Huey says: "The what?"
Dewey says: "The what?"
Louie says: "You mean the gar-age?"
Webby says: "No that's ridiculous."
Webby says: "If this is a garage, then how do you explain all this amazing stuff, like the garden hose of destiny, or Montezuma's stack of old magazines, or, oh yeah, no, it's a garage."
Scrooge says: "Unbelievable."
Louie says: "You locked us in a room!"
Scrooge says: "I gave you marbles."
Huey says: "All we wanted was to hang out with you."
Scrooge says: "Well, now you have and look of the mess it's gotten me."
Dewey says: "I guess family is nothing but trouble, right Scrooge?"
Scrooge says: "Everybody out."
Huey says: "But we're..."
Scrooge says: "OUT!"
Scrooge says: "Oh what are you gaping at?"
Scrooge says: "The curse is only activated if you ring the gong three times, and, and, and you already hit it two times, didn't ye?"
Webby says: "Pixiu, the gold hunting dragon."
Louie says: "Gold hunting?"
Louie says: "Sounds great."
Huey says: "Not when you're Duckburg's single largest owner of gold."
Scrooge says: "Ah, me money bin!"
Scrooge says: "To your rooms!"
Huey says: "Where are you going?"
Webby says: "I'm going to go eat a hamburger."
Dewey says: "We're in."
Webby says: "Cool."
Webby says: "To be clear, I'm going to go catch the dragon."
Webby says: "The hamburger was a metaphor from before I..."
Dewey says: "Yeah, yeah, we get it, we get it."
Dewey says: "But how are we going to get up there?"
Launchpad says: "Uh, I'm a pilot."
Scrooge says: "Oof ha ha it'll take more than some fancy flying to shake ol' Scrooge you cash cannibal."
Dragon rubs up against some buildings.
Scrooge says: "It'll take more than a bruised spine to shake ol' Scrooge you bad.."
Scrooge says: "dragon dog."
Scrooge says: "Ahh: Huey: Whoo hooo."
Scrooge says: "I thought I told you to go to your..."
Dewey says: "No time."
Dewey says: "We gotta work fast."
Huey says: "Webby, how do we stop it?"
Louie says: "Like this?"
Louie says: "What?"
Louie says: "I was going to give it back."
Louie says: "Now how do we get it down there?"
Huey says: "Garden hose of destiny."
Huey says: "Launchpad, we need to swing him out."
Huey says: "Nosedive toward the bin and get ready to pull up."
Launchpad says: "Yes sir, random kid I just met."
Dewey says: "Any questions?"
Scrooge says: "Since when is Launchpad a pilot?"
Dewey says: "You guys, our family is awesome."
Louie says: "He's swimming in money; I knew it."
Launchpad says: "Aw, family truly is the greatest adventure of..."
Launchpad says: "OH NO THE GROUND!"
Scrooge says: "In the short time I've known you, you wrecked my home and my money bin, unleashed several ancient evils and almost got me killed, twice."
Huey says: "Four times if you count each monster as an individual time."
Scrooge says: "Ha ha ha ha that was incredible."
Scrooge says: "When you pulled me into the airplane and said "no time," ah and who would have thought of a Medusa gauntlet?"
Scrooge says: "Brilliant!"
Scrooge says: "Oh and then you swung me out of the building just in time."
Scrooge says: "Ha ha, you kids are nothing but trouble!"
Scrooge says: "Curse me kilts, have I missed trouble."
Scrooge says: "I suppose I'll have to keep an eye on you to teach you how to get in trouble properly."
Dewey says: "You mean?"
Scrooge says: "Beakley, clear my schedule."
Scrooge says: "I'm taking the wee ones on a field trip."
Scrooge says: "Now lets go find the lost city of Atlantis!"
All says: "Yeah!"
Scrooge says: "And no one tell your Uncle Donald!"
All says: "Yeah!"
Launchpad says: "Who is that?"
You've got the job, Duck.
Donald says: "Seriously?"
Donald says: "Oh boy, I'm a real accountant."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Accountant?"
Flintheart Glomgold says: "That was filled yesterday."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "You're our new sailor."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Welcome to Glomgold Industries."
Flintheart Glomgold says: "Now what do you know about Atlantis?"
Part 2.
Glomgold says: "Glomgold Industries."
Glomgold says: "Take an idea, make it your own, bigger, faster, cheaper."
Glomgold says: "That's the motto of the world's most beloved Scottish billionaire duck, Flintheart Glomgold!"
Glomgold says: "Welcome new employees, to Glomgold Industries where our employees are the greatest treasure of all!"
Glomgold says: "But first here are your company IDs, also good for 40% off life vest rental in case of emergency."
Glomgold says: "Gabby McStabberson, Hack and Slash Smashnikov, Donald Duck, Duck?"
Glomgold says: "DUUUUCK?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Donald says: "Hahahaha.."
Donald says: "Now remember, bedtime is at 9, and no sugar after 7."
Donald says: "Oh, and..."
Scrooge says: "I run a multi-trillion dollar business."
Scrooge says: "I can handle a few juveniles for the weekend."
Scrooge says: "You just focus on this new job of yours."
Scrooge says: "Besides, I got a pretty low key day planned."
Dewey says: "Hoist the mast sail!"
Dewey says: "Other boat words to Atlantis!"
Dewey says: "Dive!"
Dewey says: "Dive!"
Scrooge says: "No, wait."
Launchpad says: "Aye aye."
Scrooge says: "Launchpad, the hatch!"
Scrooge says: "stop the bjjbjbuadkjfo!"
Dewey says: "Woohoo!"
Scrooge says: "Talk to your uncle."
Louie says: "Hey Uncle Donald."
Louie says: "Nope, yeah, pretty boring."
Louie says: "We napped, rubbed ointment on our joints, old people stuff."
Webby says: "What about the dragon?"
Webby says: "and the plane crash?"
Webby says: "and..."
Louie says: "Whoops, 3pm, time for dinner."
Louie says: "Bye."
Webby says: "Well, why didn't you tell him the truth?"
Louie says: "You didn't tell your grandma we were going to a dangerous underwater city, did you?"
Webby says: "Ah I kinda sorta didn't tell her anything?"
Louie says: "Webby, that's irresponsible!"
Louie says: "She'll be worried sick."
Louie says: "Call your grandma this instant, and tell her that you are spending the night at a friend's house, okay?"
Louie says: "Lying, it's the responsible thing to do."
Scrooge says: "Launchpad, have you ever piloted a sub before?"
Launchpad says: "I sunk a helicopter in a wading pool, once."
Launchpad says: "Same thing?"
Scrooge says: "Uh, I've done more with less."
Scrooge says: "No matter, I'm back!"
Scrooge says: "Uncharted territory, bold new discoveries..."
Huey says: "Travel bingo!"
Huey says: "I love road trips."
Huey says: "I've got snacks, a playlist of traditional sea shanties, matching family road trip shirts..."
Scrooge says: "I appreciate the enthusiasm, but there's no time."
Huey says: "But according to the travel itinerary..."
Dewey says: "Booooo!"
Dewey says: "Adventure isn't about planning, it's about doing."
Dewey says: "So, what can I be in charge of?"
Dewey says: "the buzz saws?"
Scrooge says: "No."
Dewey says: "Sonic cannons?"
Scrooge says: "No."
Dewey says: "Hyper dense zero-point energy missiles to pierce the scaly hide of a kraken?"
Scrooge says: "None of those things are real things."
Scrooge says: "This is your first expedition so just stand back and watch an old pro from a safe distance."
Dewey says: "So what is this submarine equipped with?"
Scrooge says: "Seat belts."
Dewey says: "Hah, good one."
Dewey says: "Classic Scrooge/Dewey banter: the seasoned but tired explorer passing the torch to his cocky young successor."
Huey says: "I'm pretty sure he doesn't actually know our names."
Dewey says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Huey says: "I think he called me Herbert, once."
Dewey says: "Don't be ridiculous."
Dewey says: "Hey Scrooge, when are we going to set sail, Scrooge."
Scrooge says: "In a moment, Sonny Jim."
Huey offers Dewey a shirt.
Dewey says: "I will cram it down your throat."
Louie says: "Guys, lighten up."
Louie says: "We're on a deep sea expedition with Scrooge McDuck."
Scrooge says: "Mr."
Scrooge says: "McQuack, chart a course."
Scrooge says: "Next stop, the Lost City of Atlantis!"
All says: "Woohoo: Scrooge: In about sixteen hours!"
Huey says: "Shanty time!"
Hours pass as the shanty tape plays, everyone falls asleep but Dewey who becomes more and more agitated.
Launchpad says: "Driving!"
Launchpad says: "Piloting!"
Launchpad says: "Driving!"
Launchpad says: "Right!"
Dewey says: "Hey Scrooge, first mate Dewey, here."
Dewey says: "Your map's got us going the long way."
Dewey says: "I could probably find a shortcut if you let me..."
Scrooge says: "Ah ah ah, lad."
Scrooge says: "The shortest distance between two points isn't always a straight line."
Dewey says: "Okay, but yes it is."
Dewey says: "so if we just go.."
Scrooge smacks Dewey away from the map. While distracted, Dewey snatches the map.
Launchpad says: "Driving!"
Launchpad says: "Hm?"
Dewey erases Scrooge's route and replaces it with his own. Sub changes course.
Dewey says: "Shortcut achieved."
Dewey says: "He'll thank me later."
various scenes of submarine attacked multiple times says: "Scrooge: You kids are the death of me."
Dewey says: "Dewey."
Dewey says: "Dewey will be the death of you."
Huey says: "Could we make a pit stop?"
Huey says: "I'd use the bathroom but it's, um, occupied."
Scrooge says: "For the love of, It's the middle of the ocean, there are no pit stops."
Launchpad says: "How about that conspicuously unmarked tanker?"
Donald says: "Ah, little Dewey's first step."
Donald says: "And that's Huey in the playoffs."
Donald says: "he was the water boy."
Donald says: "Oh look, that's us climbing the Grand Canyon, display at the supermarket, hahaha I miss them so much, but we need this job."
Donald says: "So, tell me about your family."
Gabby says: "I was raised by warrior monks who spoke only the language of the blade."
Hack says: "We've got intruders."
Donald says: "Scrooge?"
Donald says: "What is he doing here?"
Glomgold says: "Strange weather patterns in a mysterious location near treasure, ha ha."
Glomgold says: "I knew he couldn't resist."
Glomgold says: "Hack, triangulate their sub's course."
Glomgold says: "We'll tail Scrooge, and steel the jewel right from under him."
Donald says: "The boys?!"
Donald says: "!"
Donald says: "Wait until I get my hands on thAAAAAHHHHHH!!"
Donald says: "I'm going to kill him!"
Glomgold says: "Ooh!"
Glomgold says: "Better idea."
Glomgold says: "Nab the jewel and kill them all."
Glomgold says: "Somebody is angling for Employee of the Month, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha."
Glomgold's ship is battered by the storm, while Scrooge's ship glides underwater.
Scrooge says: "The Drake Barrier Reef."
Scrooge says: "Powerful currents combined with rocky terrain make it nearly impossible to navigate, but on that rare occasion when snow falls above the reef, the currents cool allowing safe passage to..."
Louie says: "Are we there yet?"
Scrooge says: "I was just trying to..."
Huey says: "Right side or the Left side?"
Scrooge says: "Just let me..."
Dewey says: "Look!"
Dewey says: "there that thing is."
Dewey says: "We found it: All: Whoa."
Scrooge says: "Yes, good, Atlantis, "ooh," "aah," thanks for spoiling the moment."
Huey says: "The whole place is upside down."
Scrooge says: "Ah, well that's a new one."
Dewey says: "Woah: Louie: Just call your grandma already, it's no big deal."
Dewey says: "Remember you're at a friend's house, okay?"
Dewey says: "You got this."
Webby says: "Hi granny, I'm spending the night at a friend's house and nothing is wrong!"
Louie says: "Oh, you don't got this."
Scrooge says: "Ah, according to these markings, the Atlanteans were so eager to build their epic city of wonders and death traps, they didn't stop to figure out a proper support structure and the whole thing fell into the sea."
Scrooge says: "You kids best stay by the sub while I scout ahead."
Huey says: "Dewey ran in as soon as you said "death traps."
Dewey says: "C'mon, Scrooge!"
Dewey says: "We got this!"
Scrooge says: "Oi!"
Gabby prepares to throw darts at Scrooge's party.
Donald says: "oopsie: Launchpad: hm?"
Donald says: "meh."
Gabby says: "You made me miss."
Donald says: "Uh, if we get rid of them now, we can't torture them later."
Glomgold says: "Brilliant."
Glomgold says: "I want Scrooge alive when I shove the jewel of Atlantis in his smug face."
Glomgold says: "He thinks he's so rich, and so Scottish, but I'm wearing a kilt, McDuck."
Glomgold says: "A kilt!"
Scrooge says: "Lad, i thought the traps would get you for sure."
Dewey says: "Stupid upside down temple."
Dewey says: "Nothing cool about walking under buzz saws."
Scrooge says: "From now on, don't touch anything."
Dewey kicks a rock which hits a panel releasing snakes which fall on Launchpad.
Scrooge says: "Maybe Atlantis was an ambitious first outing."
Webby says: "Hi again granny still at a friend's house."
Webby says: "Her name?"
Webby says: "Sub-ina a totally real name for a definitely real person."
Louie says: "Eh, Good try."
Huey says: "Launchpad, are you okay?"
Launchpad says: "A little snake venom nevEHH EHH EHH."
Launchpad says: "Hi nice to meet you I'm everybody's friend."
Huey says: "Ahhhhhh!"
Donald says: "Um, I got to go to the bathroom."
Donald says: "I'll be right back."
Dewey says: "Woah, suspension bridge, chasm, glowing blue mystical lasers?"
Dewey says: "Classic."
Donald says: "Scrooge, wait until I get my hands on him."
Scrooge says: "Even a basic death trap still has the word "death" in the title."
Scrooge interrupts a beam which causes a jet of fire to erupt from a vent next to Donald and engulfs the bridge.
Donald says: "Oh no."
Scrooge says: "We'll find another route; it's not safe for amateur adventurers."
Dewey says: "That sounds like a challenge."
Scrooge says: "I have to stress that is not a challenge."
Dewey says: "..."
Dewey says: "is exactly what you'd say to dissuade the weak of heart from accepting the challenge, well challenge accepted."
Scrooge says: "There is no challenge!"
Donald says: "Dewey!"
Dewey crosses the bridge while Donald uses a piece of iron to shield the bridge from the flames.
Dewey says: "and now you know."
Dewey says: "Nailed it."
Scrooge uses the suspension rope as a zip line to cross.
Dewey says: "Sure, if you wanted to do it the easy way."
Scrooge says: "Why wouldn't you want to do it the easy way?"
Scrooge says: "You got to work smarter, lad, not harder."
Dewey says: "Lad?"
Dewey says: "I don't call you old man or Scotty McTophat."
Scrooge says: "Respect your elder."
Scrooge says: "When you adventure with Scrooge McDuck..."
Dewey says: "But I'm not."
Dewey says: "You want me to adventure "behind" Scrooge McDuck or wait by the sub."
Dewey says: "I might as well be back on the houseboat."
Scrooge says: "Because you have no idea what you're doing."
Dewey says: "So show me."
Dewey says: "Give me a chance instead of lumping us all together in the back seat while you drive."
Scrooge says: "I'm not lumping you all together."
Dewey says: "Oh really, which triplet am I?"
Scrooge says: "It's..."
Scrooge says: "Bluie?"
Donald lets go of the shield which destroys the bridge.
Scrooge says: "Aw fantastic."
Scrooge says: "You see what I'm talking about?"
Scrooge says: "You four find another way around, we're going to.."
Scrooge says: "push onward, apparently."
Glomgold says: "Wait, this is no bathroom."
Glomgold says: "This shortcut leads right to the treasure chamber."
Glomgold says: "I don't even know why I hired the rest of you."
Glomgold says: "Help him up."
Donald says: "Ow, Ouch, Owie, ow."
Scrooge says: "Maybe I could just hire some family."
Scrooge says: "Then they have to listen to me."
Glomgold says: "There she is: the jewel of Atlantis."
Dewey says: "Who's that?"
Scrooge says: "Flintheart Glomgold: the poor man's version of me, which to be fair, still makes him insanely rich."
Glomgold says: "Load up the sub."
Dewey says: "They got Uncle Donald."
Scrooge says: "What?"
Dewey says: "Let go of my uncle!"
Glomgold says: "No."
Dewey says: "I wasn't prepared for that."
Scrooge surfaces and pins Glomgold down.
Scrooge says: "What are doing, here Flinty?"
Donald says: "What are you doing here, Scrooge?"
Donald says: "I told you to keep the boys safe."
Scrooge says: "Aw, they're perfectly fine."
Donald says: "Oh yeah?"
Donald says: "where are the other two?"
Scrooge says: "Back safe in the room with fire and the snakes."
Donald says: "What?"
Glomgold says: "Ah Scroogie, I see you know my newest employee."
Scrooge says: "Your new job is with my sworn enemy?"
Donald says: "I can't keep track of all your sworn enemies."
Glomgold says: "Now, now, Donald has been a model employee and an excellent prisoner."
Donald says: "Yeah."
Donald says: "Wait what?"
Mercenaries grab Donald, Scrooge lets Glomgold go.
Scrooge says: "Hiring my own nephew in order to use him against me?"
Scrooge says: "Now that is good planning."
Mercenaries throw Donald back into the treasure room.
Glomgold says: "Have fun being the second richest duck in the world, for the next five minutes."
Dewey says: "I like to point out that this trap was not my fault."
Huey says: "Junior Woodchuck rule 841: There's always another way around."
Webby's cell phone rings.
Louie says: "Oh nonononono."
Webby says: "Oh look, Uncle Hampus is here and he only speaks Swedish."
Webby says: "We don't want to be rude, so goodbye?"
Louie says: "And you're done yeah you're never going to be able to back up that lie."
Louie says: "that was crazy."
Launchpad says: "Åh, hej, Beakley!"
Launchpad says: "Subina har berättat så mycket om dig, över fiskbullar."
Glomgold says: "Take them down."
Launchpad says: "Oj då."
Dewey says: "We gotta stop the water."
Donald tries to plug the in flowing water and fails in his usual comic style.
Donald says: "Oh no."
Donald says: "I knew it."
Donald says: "I knew I couldn't trust you with the boys."
Scrooge says: "Not the time, Donald."
Donald says: "Crazy old man."
Donald says: "All you care about is the next adventure."
Donald says: "This is the Spear of Selene all over again."
Scrooge says: "I was not responsible for the Spear of Selene."
Dewey says: "Stop."
Dewey says: "Scrooge was trying to keep me out of trouble, but I was so caught up in- why is there a lamp on the floor?"
Donald says: "What?"
Dewey says: "Atlantis is upside down."
Dewey says: "That means that lamp was supposed to be on the floor surrounded by all this treasure."
Scrooge says: "That a boy, lad."
Scrooge says: "Keep going."
Dewey says: "But why would you surround that thing with treasure unless..."
Scrooge says: "That's the real jewel of Atlantis!"
Dewey says: "That's the real jewel of Atlantis!"
Scrooge says: "That thing lit up when the trap was sprung."
Scrooge says: "I bet my bottom dollar it's the power source that runs the city."
Dewey says: "Uncle Donald, you gotta let the room flood so I can grab the jewel."
Donald says: "That's crazy, as opposed to what, let go?"
Donald says: "Trust you?"
Dewey says: "Well yeah, that's kinda all you can do."
Dewey says: "This is a surprisingly insightful death trap."
Donald unplugs the leak, the chamber fills with water. All three wrench the jewel from its socket and the water goes back down again.
Donald says: "We're going to be okay."
They rejoin the party who is fighting the mercenaries.
Donald says: "Oh yeah, those guys."
Donald says: "Huey and Louie are doing okay."
Scrooge says: "Wait, where's Glomgold?"
Glomgold says: "Hey team."
Glomgold says: "Wanted to thank you for keeping Scrooge's kin busy while I escape with the jewel and blow up Atlantis with my most hated rival inside."
Hack says: "But I thought employees were greatest treasure of all."
Glomgold says: "Don't be ridiculous."
Glomgold says: "Treasure is the greatest treasure of all."
Glomgold says: "That's why it's called treasure."
Glomgold says: "Glomgold out!"
Scrooge says: "We have to go."
Glomgold fires torpedoes at Atlantis.
Gabby says: "Mr Duck, could we ah maybe bum a ride with you?"
Scrooge says: "That was some quick thinking."
Scrooge says: "You just may be an adventurer yet, Dewey."
Back at port, Glomgold holds a press conference.
Glomgold says: "Right right, okay settle down."
Glomgold says: "ha ha, Ladies and gentlemen of the press."
Glomgold says: "It is with great pride I, Flintheart Glomgold present..."
Scrooge says: "The Jewel of Atlantis."
Glomgold says: "What?!"
Glomgold says: "!"
Roxanne Featherly says: "Is that Scrooge McDuck?"
The press bombard Scrooge with questions.
Scrooge says: "An efficient clean source of energy that could power Duckberg for fifty years."
Scrooge says: "Courtesy of your friends at McDuck water and electric."
Roxanne Featherly says: "Ooh, Mr McDuck how do respond to claims by other Scottish billionaires that they have the real jewel?"
Scrooge says: "uh that bauble."
Scrooge says: "It's nice but it's obviously super cursed."
Glomgold says: "No it's not!"
A giant tentacle emerges from the water and grabs Glomgold.
Glomgold says: "Curse you McDuck!!!"
Beakley says: "Webby?"
Beakley says: "Uncle Hampus?"
Louie says: "how long?"
Beakley says: "The whole time."
Webby says: "Granny, I can explain."
Beakley says: "Dear, you are safer in a sunken city with Scrooge McDuck than you are locked in a vault in Fort Knox."
Beakley says: "No more lies, and you can go with him wherever you like."
Scrooge says: "Now Donald don't..."
Donald says: "Stop, I admit I'm a little overprotective."
Louie says: "a little?"
Donald says: "No matter what I do these boys will get into trouble so maybe you can teach them how to get out of trouble."
Huey says: "Uncle Donald?"
Donald says: "It might be okay if the boys see you every once in a while."
Donald says: "Some times like birthdays, or federal holidays, nothing too..."
Dewey says: "ooh, I may have left the engine running in the houseboat."
Scrooge says: "I may have a dozen or so spare bedrooms in the mansion."
all says: "yay: Roxanne Featherly: There you have it."
all says: "Reclusive adventure capitalist Scrooge McDuck is back with family in tow solving mysteries and rewriting history."
Donald and Launchpad lower the houseboat into the pool.
Donald says: "Little to the left, no no no!"
Launchpad says: "Did i do it good?"
Everybody is cleaning out the garage. Dewey notices another figure in the pirate painting.
Dewey says: "Mom?"