The episode opens with a close up of the Gift Shop's security feed of Stan talking to a customer. Wendy and Dipper voice over what they say.
Dipper Pines says: "Do you have this T-shirt in my size?"
Wendy Corduroy says: "I have something even better!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Behold: My butt!"
Dipper and Wendy laugh, the latter is holding a packet of chips.
Dipper says: "I could play this game forever."
Wendy says: "What'd you say?"
Dipper says: "Coughing!"
Dipper says: "I was coughing!"
Dipper says: "Those weren't words!"
Mabel Pines says: "This is fun, what you two have."
Dipper says: "Mabel?"
Dipper says: "How long have you been standing there?"
Mabel says: "Don't worry about that."
Mabel says: "Let's talk about why I'm doing this dance!"
Mabel says: "Do-do-do-do-do..."
Dipper says: "Oh, no!"
Dipper says: "She got into the Smile Dip again!"
Mabel says: "Wrong one-thousand!"
Mabel says: "It's because today is the greatest day of my life!"
Mabel throws a calendar at Dipper's face.
Dipper says: "Ow!"
Mabel says: "Sev'ral Timez is playing at the Gravity Falls Civic Center and Buffet!"
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Dipper says: "Sev'ral Timez?"
Dipper says: "Aren't they that boy band that came a decade too late?"
Cut to a music video of Sev'ral Timez performing "Cray Cray.".
Sev'ral Timez says: "Oh oh ooh, Girl, you got me ackin' so cray cray/CRAY CRAY/You tell me that you won't be my ba-bay/We're not threatening!"
Cut back to the present. Mabel is standing posed with her arms crossed.
Dipper says: "Mabel, you know all those boy bands are fake, right?"
Mabel has started dancing.
Wendy says: "Dipper's right."
Wendy says: "They're just a manufactured product of the bloated corporate music industry."
Mabel says: "You're making my dance sad..."
Mabel stops dancing.
Dipper says: "There's probably a machine that mass-produces them."
Wendy says: "Oh ho, or maybe the boys are grown from pods."
Dipper and Wendy bursts into laughter.
Dipper says: "Yeah, pods, totally!"
Mabel says: "You guys can't ruin this for me."
Mabel says: "Mabel's got back up!"
Grenda and Candy enter the shop.
Grenda says: "Hey guys!"
Candy Chiu says: "Woot-woot!"
Mabel says: "Who's ready for the greatest night of our lives?"
Mabel says: "How many times am I gonna love ya?"
Mabel says: "Sev'ral times!"
Grenda says: "Sev'ral times!"
 says: "Sev'ral times!"
Candy says: "Sev'ral times!"
The three laugh and run off screen.
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Dipper says: "Girls."
Wendy says: "I know, right?"
Mabel and Grenda run through the "Employees Only" door. Candy runs right into the vending machine and smashes her glasses.
Candy says: "I'm okay!"
Cut to the theme song.
In the attic. Mabel and her friends are getting ready for the concert.
Mabel says: "Should I go with lip balm or lip salve?"
Grenda says: "Go wild!"
Grenda says: "Tonight's our night!"
Mabel says: "I can't wait guys."
Mabel says: "Tonight we're gonna meet Creggy G, Greggy C, Leggy P, Chubby Z and Deep Chris!"
Candy says: "He's the phat one!"
Mabel says: "And those boys will fall in love with us."
Grenda says: "Why wouldn't they?"
Cut back to Dipper and Wendy in the gift shop. Through the security feed we see Robbie walk into the shop.
Dipper says: "Hey, is this the fingerless glove store?"
Dipper says: "I like things that are dumb."
Dipper says: "I'm Robbie."
Dipper and Wendy laugh.
Wendy says: "C'mon man..."
Robbie says: "Ha ha ha ha ha."
Robbie says: "Laugh it up, chief."
Robbie says: "So Wendy, Nate and his girlfriend are going to Lookout Point this weekend."
Robbie says: "Maybe we should go too?"
Wendy says: "Are you kidding me?"
Wendy says: "First you stand me up last night!"
Wendy says: "And instead of apologizing, you want me to go to Lookout Point?!"
Wendy says: "!"
Dipper says: "I'll just be..."
Dipper says: "over here..."
Dipper backs out of the room to the "Employees Only" door and eavesdrops on their conversation from there.
Wendy says: "Look, Robbie..."
Wendy says: "I'm not sure this relationship's working."
Wendy says: "Maybe I should see other people."
Dipper, ecstatic, grabs Waddles who was sitting behind him and hugs the pig tightly.
Robbie says: "W-Whoa h-hey!"
Robbie says: "Before you do anything crazy, I- I uh..."
Robbie says: "I want you to hear this."
Robbie reaches into his pocket and pulls out a CD from a suspicious looking case.
Robbie says: "I hope this works..."
He pulls the CD close to his face, and it glistens. He smirks while his eyes shoot to Wendy behind him. Dipper, still peeking in, raises an eyebrow. Robbie puts the CD in a player.
Robbie says: "I wrote this song just for you..."
He presses play and begins singing a song.
Robbie says: "When I think about you/I feel feelings so deep/I'm tossing and turning/And you know I'm losing sleep: Dipper: Yeesh."
Robbie says: "And I know I'm going crazy/When I look into your eyes/Just listen to this song/And you'll be hypnotai-ai-ai-zed: As Robbie sings the final words of the song the camera zooms in on a wide eyed Wendy."
Wendy says: "Y'know, maybe I was being a little hasty."
Wendy says: "I'll give you another chance."
Robbie says: "Yes, alright!"
Wendy kisses Robbie on the cheek much to Dipper's shock.
Wendy says: "Mwah."
Wendy says: "Let me go grab my coat."
Wendy leaves through the "Employees Only" door.
Dipper says: "Alright Robbie, I saw that weird CD."
Dipper says: "What the heck are you up to?"
Robbie says: "It's called romance, kid."
Robbie says: "Something you'd never understand."
Dipper growls angrily. Wendy comes back.
Wendy says: "You ready?"
Wendy says: "I can't believe you wrote that for me."
Robbie says: "I know, I'm just so insanely talented."
Robbie and Wendy leave and as they do so Robbie briefly taunts Dipper behind her back. Dipper is left alone still shocked, before he turns to the CD player and pulls out the CD Robbie left behind.
Dipper says: "Hm..."
Dipper inspects the CD, sniffs it, and licks it.
Mabel says: "What are you doing?"
The camera cuts back to show Mabel, Grenda, and Candy staring at Dipper, baffled.
Dipper says: "Guys, the weirdest thing just happened."
Dipper says: "I think Robbie might be hypnotizing Wendy with his music."
Mabel says: "Oh, Dipper."
Mabel says: "Girls just like musicians."
Mabel says: "You'll understand when you're older."
Dipper says: "We're the same age!"
Mabel says: "Girls mature faster than guys."
Mabel says: "Right, Grenda?"
Grenda is furiously kissing a magazine photo of Chubby Z.
Grenda says: "This is Grenda time!"
Dipper stares blankly at her. The scene cuts to the outside of the Gravity Falls Civic Center and Buffet where the girls stand around excitedly.
Mabel says: "Ok, girls have you all practiced your obsessed boy band scream?"
Grenda says: "Ahhh!"
Candy says: "Ahhh!"
Old Man McGucket says: "Ahhhhh!"
Mabel says: "..."
Mabel says: "Just gonna ignore that."
The girls run up to the box office excitedly.
Mabel says: "Tickets please!"
Ticket seller says: "Too late, girls!"
Ticket seller says: "The show's sold out."
The ticket seller closes the shutters of the box office with a nasty smile. The girls gasp and look around at all the "Sold out" signs hanging all over the area. They shuffle off to the front of a large "Sev'ral Timez" poster that's marked by a large "Sold out" banner.
Grenda says: "This night is ruined."
Candy says: "I welcome you death."
Mabel looks at the two sadly, before shooting up to her feet with determination.
Mabel says: "No!"
Mabel says: "I said we were going to meet Sev'ral Timez tonight, and I meant it!"
Mabel says: "And I'm not going to let a "Keep out" sign, keep us out!"
Cut to the kitchen in the Mystery Shack.
Stan singing.
Stockin' meat for the apocalypse, doodly-doo. We're all gonna die.
Dipper walks in, staring down at the CD he's holding and paces up and down the kitchen.
Stan says: "What's with the pacing, kid?"
Stan says: "You look even more freaked out than usual."
Dipper says: "Um, I dunno..."
Dipper says: "You wouldn't understand."
Stan says: "Aw, c'mon kid."
Stan says: "Try me."
Dipper says: "Ok."
Dipper says: "This is gonna sound weird, but I think Robbie might be brainwashing Wendy with music."
Stan says: "I've seen this before."
Dipper says: "Really?"
Stan says: "Her name was Carla McCorkle."
Stan says: "Carla "Hotpants" McCorkle."
Stan turns his head and the shot fades to a young Stan Pines leaning against a juke box, nodding his head to the music.
Stan Narrating.
Me and Carla baby would cut a rug together at The Juke Joint, our favorite 50's themed, 1970's diner.
Young Stan and Carla embrace before the two start dancing happily together.
Stan Narrating.
Then one day, this new age tree hugger starts playing this transcendental hippie music.
Young Stan dances by himself and turns to see Carla and Thistle Downe holding each other. He stares at them in shock.
Stan Narrating.
Sighs Carla's hotpants turned into bellbottoms before I even knew what happened.
The camera pans down the new couple and Carla's hotpants literally turn into bellbottoms. They then shoot up out of screen leaving behind a trail of rainbows and sparkles. Young Stan looks down forlorn and it fades back to current Stan still looking sad.
Stan says: "My memories get a little hallucination-y at the end, but you get the gist."
Dipper says: "So, wait..."
Dipper says: "you actually believe my theory?"
Stan says: "You're darn right I do."
Stan says: "And we're gonna get to the bottom of it."
Dipper smiles, encouraged.
Stan says: "Right after I get to the bottom of this brown meat."
Stan upturns the can of meat he was holding and hits the back of the can so the meat falls in his mouth.
Stan says: "Om, nom, it's apocolicious!"
Cut to the Sev'ral Timez concert which is coming to an end. The band is dancing on stage.
Sev'ral Timez says: "Sev'ral Timez!"
The crowd screams. Deep Chris is sitting on a stool holding a mike.
Deep Chris says: "Hey, girl."
Deep Chris says: "I just wanna get real for a moment."
Deep Chris says: "And say that while we love being superstars, the real reason we do this..."
Deep Chris says: "is for you."
Deep Chris says: "For you specifically."
Deep Chris says: "Not the girl sitting next to you."
Deep Chris says: "But you."
Brunette of Pacifica's friends says: "I love you Deep Chris!"
Redhead of Pacifica's friends says: "He was talking to me!"
The redhead throws a chair at the brunette and soon a whole crowd jumps into fighting.
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Get 'em!"
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Get 'em!"
Creggy G.
Thank you, good night!
Cuts to a bunch of girls screaming as they leave the concert past the back stage door of the Civic Center. The door's lock has been picked with a hair clip.
Grenda says: "Hello!"
Grenda says: "Sev'ral Timez?"
Candy says: "We want to give you several kisses!"
Mabel says: "Look!"
The three run up the Sev'ral Timez's dressing room door.
Mabel says: "This is it, girls."
Mabel says: "You're finally going to meet the five cutest boys in the world!"
Mabel says: "Dipper's gonna eat his words that boy bands are "fake."
The girls gasp at the sight of several cloning tubes of the band in several stages of thier biological development. Starting with their current teenaged age to a fetus. The girls turn and see the band in a giant hamster cage.
Chubby Z.
Yo, we're clones, dawg!
Grenda says: "O."
Candy says: "M."
Mabel says: "G."
Mabel says: "That is one big hamster tube."
Mabel says: "Someone's coming!"
The three hide behind a rack of clothes as a man walks in imposingly.
Ergman Bratsman says: "Terrible show!"
Ergman Bratsman says: "What is wrong with you boys?"
Ergman Bratsman says: "You barely even sold out the arena!"
Ergman Bratsman says: "And Deep Chris, you call that a pout?"
Deep Chris pouts and whimpers like a puppy; his bottom lip trembling.
Bratsman says: "Every one of you should be ashamed of yourselves!"
Bratsman says: "Except you, Leggy P."
Bratsman says: "You were really on point tonight."
Bratsman says: "Here ya go, gorgeous."
Bratsman throws Leggy P. a giant hamster treat. He nibbles on it and hisses when Deep Chris reaches for it.
Bratsman says: "As for the rest of you."
Bratsman says: "Remember you can always be replaced by your brothers."
Bratsman indicates to the cloning tubes and the one that looks like a preteen dances at Bratsman's cue.
Bratsman says: "Dance for me child!"
Bratsman says: "DANCE!"
Bratsman says: "Augh, my throat is killin' me."
Bratsman says: "Can someone get me a lemon water?"
He slams the door shut as he leaves, which forces the girls to fall out of their hiding place.
Deep Chris says: "Who goes there?"
Deep Chris says: "Prepare to be danced at!"
Deep Chris starts dancing towards the edge of the cage where Mabel stares wide eyed from the floor. Creggy G. crouches in front of Deep Chris, blocking him from Mabel.
Creggy G.
Step off, Deep Chris. She's a lady. Don't disrespect her, bro. Don't disrespect.
Deep Chris says: "My bad."
Deep Chris says: "Chubby Z."
Deep Chris says: ", let's calm this boo-bop, posing for her poster style."
The band pose for her.
Mabel says: "Trying not to let my brain explode."
Mabel says: "I've always wanted to meet you guys!"
Mabel says: "But what was the deal with that scary chub-chub man?"
Deep Chris says: "Mr."
Deep Chris says: "Bratsman's our producer yo."
Creggy G.
He genetically engineered us to be the perfect boy band, G.
Chubby Z.
But he keeps us in cages! That junk is straight brutal, girl!
Mabel says: "That is straight brutal, Chubby Z."
Creggy Z.
Our one dream is to escape into the real world. For real. Yo, I heard 'bout these things called "trees." I dunno what they are, but I wanna kiss one!
Greggy C.
But we can't disobey Mr. Bratsman. He says he loves us.
Mabel says: "If he loved you, he'd set you free!"
Sev'ral Timez says: "True dat, true dat."
Chubby Z.
That's a valid perspective!
Mabel says: "Let's go right now."
Mabel says: "Me and my friends can help you escape!"
Grenda says: "We're masters of STEALTH!"
Chubby Z.
Yo, you'd really do that for us, beef?
Mabel says: "You can count on me!"
Mabel says: "I'm sorry, did you just call me "beef"?"
Cut back to the Mystery Shack.
Stan says: "Y'see, Dipper, music has sublimnal mind control hidden in it all the time."
Stan says: "If you listen closely, even the music I play in the Gift Shop has subtle hidden messages."
Cut to two tourists browsing the Gift Shop.
Speaker says: "BUY MORE KEYCHAINS!"
Speaker says: "BUY MORE KEYCHAINS!"
One tourist runs away after knocking down postcards. The other collapses onto the floor after dropping a jarred hand, and whimpers as he presses his hands over his ears. Cut back to Stan and Dipper.
Stan says: "If you wanna hear the mind controlling messages, you gotta slow down the record."
Stan says: "Gimme that LP."
Stan grabs the CD from Dipper and puts it on a record player. It just scratches the CD which discharges little sparks of electricity.
Dipper says: "Oh, right."
Stan says: "We're doin' something wrong here, but I can't put my finger on it..."
Mabel, Grenda, and Candy are shoving a large sports bag into the Shack. Mabel groans with the effort.
Dipper says: "Hey, guys."
Dipper says: "How was the concert, and what's in the bag?"
Mabel says: "Uh..."
Mabel says: "money!"
Mabel says: "Money we stole!"
Candy says: "We are criminals!"
Candy says: "We will cut you!"
Mabel says: "Let's go away from here now!"
The girls pull and shove the bag up the stairs and the band members inside the bag yelp at every other step. Dipper and Stan watch them and look at each other questioningly.
Cut to the the inside of the bag getting unzipped. In Mabel and Dipper's room the Sev'ral Timez members fall out one at a time. Deep Chris comes out in a pose.
Leggy P.
Your tour bus is really strange, Mabel girl. Where the feedin' tubes at?
The members inspect the room. Deep Chris pats Waddles on its head.
Deep Chris says: "Yo what up, girl?"
The girls giggle and share secretive smiles with each other.
Creggy G.
So, when do we get to go outside?
Chubby Z.
I wanna cavort like a woodland creature!
A car screeches outside. Mabel runs to the window.
Mabel says: "It's your producer!"
The band members panic and jump under Mabel's bed. Outside, Bratsman exits his limousine.
Bratsman says: "I can't believe those boys escaped from their cage."
Bratsman says: "You there!"
Bratsman says: "I found this trail of frosted tips leading to this very location."
Bratsman says: "Have you seen any perfect boys around here?"
Soos says: "Only when I look in the mirror."
Soos says: "Haha, up top!"
Soos raises his hand for a high five, but Bratsman just stares at him. Eventually he high fives himself.
Bratsman says: "They must be around here somewhere!"
Bratsman says: "I'll find those boys if I have to turn this town upside down!"
Gompers bleats as he chews off Bratsman's license plate.
Bratsman says: "Shoo!"
Bratsman says: "Shoo!"
Bratsman says: "Ehh..."
Bratsman enters his limousine and leaves, glaring at Soos suspiciously as he does so.
Soos says: "Good boy."
Mabel says: "Guys, it's not safe out there!"
Mabel says: "Ergman's still looking for you!"
Chubby Z.
What do we do?
Deep Chris says: "Aw dang!"
Greggy C.
I'm scared, Mabel!
Mabel says: "Don't worry, guys."
Mabel says: "He has to give up eventually."
Mabel says: "Hey..."
Mabel says: "in the meantime you guys can stay here with us!"
The band members exclaim happily.
Chubby Z.
Aw right, twenty-thirteen!
Mabel says: "Girls, do you realize what's happening here?"
Mabel says: "We have our very own pet boy band that we can do whatever we want with!"
Candy says: "Remember, eventually we will have to let them go."
Candy says: "We have to promise not to get too attached to them."
Candy says: "Right, Mabel?"
Candy says: "Mabel?"
Mabel says: "All aboard the braid train!"
Mabel says: "Braid braid!"
Candy and Grenda look at Mabel and Sev'ral Timez line of braiding hair a little worriedly.
Mabel says: "What?"
Cut to a montage of the girls hanging out with the band. A song sung by Sev'ral Timez plays over it. The band performing for the girls in the living room and hiding on the ceiling when Stan nearly catches them, teaching them to drink water normally, the girls racing on the band members in a long hallway. The montage ends with a Sev'ral Timez group hug and Mabel. Grenda and Candy try to join in as well.
Mabel says: "Just—"
Mabel says: "oh—"
Mabel says: "just a few more minutes."
Grenda and Candy look at each other, startled.
Cut to Dipper and Stan in the living room. Dipper has just finished converting the CD to a record.
Dipper says: "Alright, it took all day but I converted it to a record."
Dipper says: "And now we can slow it down to see if the mind control message theory is correct."
Dipper says: "Prepare to have your mind blown."
Stan says: "Spit-take here I come."
The record plays and Dipper slows it down, a tapeman at the ready to record any hidden messages.
Stan says: "Hm..."
Stan says: "that's not spit worthy."
Stan says: "What gives?"
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Is that it?"
Dipper messes with the speed to no avail.
Dipper says: "Ugh!"
Dipper says: "This was so stupid!"
Dipper says: "Course there's no hidden mind control messages!"
Dipper says: "Mabel was right."
Dipper says: "Wendy just likes the song."
Dipper says: "She just likes Robbie."
Wendy and Robbie enter.
Wendy says: "Hey, Dip."
Wendy says: "Forgot my keys."
Robbie says: "What's up, junior."
Robbie says: "What are you doing?"
Robbie says: "Trying to come up with an equation to make girls like you?"
Wendy says: "Ready to go to look out point?"
Robbie says: "Am I!"
Robbie says: "Later, dorks."
Robbie says: "Catch ya on the rewind."
Robbie says: "I made that up."
Robbie and Wendy leave.
Stan says: "I'll rewind your face!"
Dipper says: "Wait a minute."
Dipper says: "Stan, rewind!"
Dipper manual turns the record backwards and this time another message can be heard.
Record says: "You are under my control."
Record says: "Your mind is mine."
Stan says: "Holy mackerel!"
Stan says: "Now there's your spit-take!"
Dipper says: "Ha ha!"
Dipper says: "I knew it!"
Dipper says: "It's mind control after all!"
Dipper says: "Oh no, I've got to save Wendy!"
Stan says: "Finally, a good reason to punch a teenager in the face."
Stan says: "Let's roll!"
Dipper and Stan exit the back door. Mabel walks down the stairs and into the kitchen where Grenda and Candy are watching TV.
Grenda says: "How'd it go up there?"
Mabel says: "Oh, I finally got them to sleep."
Mabel says: "Poor Greggy C."
Mabel says: "He tried to eat a tape dispenser."
Cut to Greggy C.
Greggy C.
I think this is food, dog! stuffs dispenser into mouth and starts choking on it.
Creggy G.
Yo, you gonna share that?
Cut back to the kitchen.
Mabel says: "Ah, memories."
The music industry was shaken today at the news that boy band king, Ergman Bratsman, has been arrested. He was pulled over tonight for not having a rear license plate.
Bratsman says: "I'm telling ya, the goat took it!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "That's what they all say."
Shandra says: "He is now in county jail, awaiting trial."
Grenda says: "Yes!"
Candy says: "We have to tell the boys they are free now."
Candy says: "Let's go!"
Grenda and Candy giggle happily as they run up the stairs to the attic. Mabel runs to block them from the bedroom door.
Mabel says: "Not so fast!"
Mabel says: "They're not going anywhere."
Grenda says: "What's the dealio, Mabel?"
Grenda says: "That evil producer is gone."
Grenda says: "We have to tell the boys."
Mabel says: "Wait, girls."
Mabel says: "Let's not be so hasty."
Mabel says: "I mean, think about it."
Mabel says: "If we don't tell the boys, then they can stay here with me—"
Mabel says: "I mean, with us."
Grenda says: "Mabel, we can't keep them here forever."
Mabel says: "But I love them!"
Candy says: "If you loved them, you'd set them free."
Mabel says: "Never!"
Mabel says: "Every boy I've loved this summer has left me!"
Mabel says: "And I'm not gonna let it happen again!"
Grenda says: "Candy, we gotta get past Mabel."
Grenda says: "She's gone boy crazy!"
Mabel says: "BOYS."
Candy says: "Candy, attack!"
Candy tackles Mabel through the door. The band stand up, startled.
Grenda says: "You guys, Ergman Bratsman is in jail!"
Grenda says: "You're free!"
Candy says: "Just go!"
Creggy G.
Woah! Is that true, Mabel dog?
Mabel says: "Uhh, no!"
Mabel says: "Your producer's still out there!"
Mabel says: "You're gonna have to stay here, probably forever!"
Grenda says: "What!"
Grenda says: "You can't listen to her!"
Deep Chris says: "Mabel's our girl, girl."
Deep Chris says: "She puts pizza in our food trough!"
Chubby Z.
She changes my newspaper, yo. She's aight.
Grenda says: "She is not "aight," Chubby Z!"
Mabel pulls herself up from under Candy and marches up to the band members.
Mabel says: "Sev'ral Timez!"
Sev'ral Timez says: "Yes, Mabel dog?"
Mabel says: "Remove these two from the premises, please."
Sev'ral Times move toward them snapping thier fingers at them.
Grenda says: "Oh no, they're aggressively dancing at us!"
They pick up Candy and Grenda.
Grenda says: "Mabel's gone mad with power."
Grenda says: "Save yourselves, Sev'ral Timez!"
Grenda says: "You were better off with your producer!"
They throw the two out the room. And turn and pose.
Deep Chris says: "Word."
Chubby Z.
Twenty-thirteen!
Mabel says: "Thank you, boys."
Mabel says: "Now let's get aboard the braid train."
Deep Chris says: "Things just got pretty heavy, Mabel."
Mabel says: "I said, let's get aboard THE BRAID TRAIN!"
Sev'ral Timez looks at each other worriedly.
Cut to the Stanmobile driving quickly down a road.
Dipper says: "We gotta warn Wendy about the song before she get's brainwashed!"
Stan says: "Road safety laws, prepare to get ignored!"
Cut to Wendy and Robbie at Lookout Point.
Robbie says: "Huh, weird, Nate didn't show up."
Robbie says: "So I- I guess it's just you and me."
Robbie says: "This isn't what I was planning at all."
The Stanmobile drives straight up the cliff edge to Lookout Point. Dipper runs out while Stan falls out.
Stan says: "Wha-o!"
Stan says: "Oof."
Dipper says: "Wendy!"
Dipper says: "?"
Dipper says: "Stop!"
Dipper says: "Robbie's been lying to you!"
Wendy says: "Dipper?"
Robbie says: "Kid?"
Robbie says: "Mr."
Robbie says: "Pines?"
Stan says: "That's Mr."
Stan says: "Pines to you!"
Robbie says: "What?"
Robbie says: "That's what I just said..."
Dipper says: "Look, Wendy, you've got to hear this."
Cut to Mabel relaxing on bed drink chocolate milk. Sev'ral Timez walks up to her.
Creggy G.
Mabel, you've got to hear this. It's a song we wrote to say 'thank you.'.
Greggy C.
Hit it!
The song starts to play to Mabel's delight.
Mabel says: "Oh, boy!"
Mabel says: "Songs are like hugs that mouths give to ears!"
Mabel says: "Starting to feel guilty here..."
Sev'ral Timez says: "Break it down!"
Sev'ral Timez says: "/Who's the girl who's so aight/Tucks us into bed at night/Holds the fan up while we sing/Keeps me entertained with string!"
Sev'ral Timez says: "/My shirt was wrinkled till/SHE PRESSED IT/Chews our food/SO WE CAN DIGEST IT/He was evil, mean, and reckless/YOU GAVE ME THIS CANDY NECKLACE/'Sup, girl/Other folks we could never trust/But we know/That you'd never lie to us/Mabel girl/We know you love us SoOoOo: Mabel: And that's why I've got to let you go."
Cut back to Lookout Point. The tapeman is playing a regular recording of Robbie's song.
Dipper says: "Uh..."
Dipper says: "There's a message in there."
Dipper says: "I swear!"
Robbie says: "Let me just..."
Robbie says: "close the window."
Dipper says: "Wait, wait!"
Dipper says: "Here."
Recording says: "You are under my control."
Recording says: "Your mind is mine."
Wendy says: "Woah."
Wendy says: "Robbie, what's that doing in our song?"
Robbie says: "Baby, I promise."
Robbie says: "I don't know anything about those messages."
Robbie says: "In fact, I didn't even write that song."
Robbie says: "I ripped it off some other band!"
Robbie says: "So, we're all good, right?"
Wendy says: "No, we're not all good!"
Wendy says: "I don't care about the messages."
Wendy says: "You said you wrote that song for me, and I actually thought it was sweet, you big liar."
Robbie says: "I know, I know."
Robbie says: "I lie about a lot of stuff."
Wendy says: "No!"
Wendy says: "You know what?"
Wendy says: "It's over, Robbie."
Wendy says: "We're through!"
Robbie says: "What?!"
Robbie says: "!"
Robbie says: "Wendy!"
Wendy says: "Goodbye!"
Stan says: "Haha!"
Stan says: "We won!"
Stan says: "Kid, this is a victory for every guy whose hands are too weak or fat to play a musical instrument."
Dipper says: "I couldn't have done it without you, Grunkle Stan."
Dipper says: "Ha!"
Stan says: "Ha!"
Dipper says: "Um, hey!"
Dipper says: "Uh, now that your night is free, me and Grunkle Stan are thinking, maybe bowling, or something?"
Robbie says: "Oh, man."
Stan says: "Look, if it makes you feel any better, the apocalypse is coming soon."
Stan says: "Bury your gold!"
Stan says: "..."
Stan says: "You've been buying gold, right?"
Dipper looks at his tape forlornly and ashamed.
Cut to outside the Mystery Shack. Candy and Grenda walk up to the main entrance.
Grenda says: "We've gotta save the boys."
Candy says: "I'm prepared to defend myself."
Mabel says: "Hi, guys."
Mabel says: "I'm sorry I went bonkers."
Mabel says: "A catchy song made me realize, that you were right."
Mabel says: "Can you ever forgive me?"
Grenda says: "Of course!"
Candy says: "Friendship, repaired."
The three hug. Sev'ral Timez exit the Shack.
Leggy P.
What's going on, Mabel girl?
Chubby Z.
You said you had something you wanted to show us or some deal?
Mabel says: "Yup."
Mabel says: "This!"
The band gasps to varying degrees.
Chubby Z.
Yo, dog who is this big, round, bright, fool?
Mabel says: "That, Chubby Z."
Mabel says: ", is the sun."
Chubby Z.
That fool is makin' my eyes hurt straight painful! I'm gonna stare that fool down! stares at the sun till his eyes water. Aaauuugh! rubs his eyes.
Deep Chris says: "Yo, yo, hold up."
Deep Chris says: "What's this big green mess?"
Mabel says: "That's nature, Deep Chris."
Mabel says: "Bratsman won't bother you anymore."
Mabel says: "You can do anything you wanna do, go anywhere you wanna go."
Mabel says: "You're free!"
Chubby Z.
Fa-ree?
Mabel says: "Free!"
Mabel says: "You're free!"
Mabel says: "It means you can skedaddle!"
Mabel says: "Now go!"
Mabel says: "Go!"
They hesitantly walk forward and turn to look back at Mabel.
Mabel says: "Get out of here before I change my mind!"
They walk toward the bushes and sing a final refrain before disappearing into them.
Sev'ral Timez says: "Goodbye girl."
Candy says: "They won't last a week."
Cut to Stan and Dipper sitting in the living room.
Stan says: "Women."
Stan says: "They're the real mystery, Dip."
Stan says: "You ruin their date, drive their hippie boyfriend's van into a ravine..."
Stan says: "and somehow you're the "bad guy."
Dipper says: "No, it's my fault."
Dipper says: "I shouldn't have meddled in Wendy's personal life."
Dipper says: "She probably hates me now."
Stan says: "Ah, chin up, kid."
Stan says: "You were tryin' to do the right thing."
Stan says: "Even though you destroyed a relationship and part of my car."
Dipper says: "You think she'll ever forgive me?"
Stan says: "Ah, I bet she will."
Stan says: "And until then, you can always go bowling with me."
Dipper says: "Thanks, Grunkle Stan."
Stan says: "Don't mention it, kid."
Stan hears a gnawing sound coming from outside.
Stan says: "Wait a second..."
Stan says: "Is something rooting through our trash?"
Outside Leggy P. is digging through a trashcan.
Stan says: "Hey, hey!"
Stan says: "Get outta of here!"
Leggy P. scared, runs away on all fours.
Stan says: "Darn beautiful men, always eating out of my trash..."
Stan says: "Wait, what?"
Credits roll.
Sev'ral Timez says: "Girl you got me actin' so cray cray/CRAY CRAY/You tell me that you won't be my ba-bay/We're non-threatening girl/yeah: They stop performing to what is revealed to be a deer."
Sev'ral Timez says: "The deer leaps away."
Creggy G.