Episode opens with Dipper sleeping.
Mabel Pines says: "Mornin', Dipper, guess who!"
Dipper says: "Oh, what joy."
Dipper says: "If it isn't Mr."
Dipper says: "Upside-Downington."
Dipper says: "How long's it been?"
Dipper says: "Third grade, maybe?"
Mabel says: "That's right."
Mabel says: "And I'm here to deliver you an upside-downington-tastic message!"
Dipper says: "Is it the message that we're getting too old for this sort of thing?"
Mabel says: "Um, kinda, actually."
Mabel says: "It's that we are exactly one week away from our 13th birthday!"
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "Our birthday's coming up already?"
Dipper says: "Soon we're gonna be actual teenagers!"
Mabel says: "Finally!"
Mabel says: "I can stop reading preteen magazines and start reading post-preteen magazines."
Dipper says: "PG-13 movies, here I come!"
Mabel says: "And just one more year until high school."
Mabel says: "High school, Dipper!"
Mabel says: "Where girls become women and they teach us stuff about..."
Mabel says: "You know what."
Dipper says: "Trigonometry?"
Mabel says: "Oh yeah, baby!"
Stan Pines and Soos Ramirez enter the room.
Stan says: "That's not the only good news coming up!"
Stan says: "In one week my senior citizen's ponytail kit is coming in the mail."
Stan says: "I'm..."
Stan says: "I'm kinda going through some things."
Soos says: "In one week, my grandma is finally letting me eat crackers on my bed!"
Soos says: "The future is coming for us all, dudes."
Stan says: "The future."
Dipper says: "The future!"
Mabel says: "The future!"
Dipper says: "I'm sorry, I can't take you seriously with that face on your chin."
Mabel says: "What face, Dipper?"
Mabel says: "Bi bon't bnow bhat bou're balking about."
Dipper says: "There is something wrong with you."
Mabel says: "There's something wrong with both of us."
Cut to theme song. Cut to the living room of the Mystery Shack.
Mabel says: "Alright, party planners."
Mabel says: "In one week we become teenagers, and our summer vacation winds to an end."
Mabel says: "So we need to throw the greatest party of all time!"
Mabel says: "I'm talking piñatas with tinier piñatas inside."
Soos says: "Boom, dreams comin' true!"
Mabel says: "I'm talking inviting everyone in town."
Mabel says: "Let's see, where do we stand with the gnomes?"
Stan says: "Not so fast, goofus and girl-goofus."
Mabel says: "But Grunkle Stan, we need some roof to raise."
Soos says: "Dude, you could rent out the Gravity Falls High School gym, and have your party there."
Soos says: "That place is empty all summer long."
Mabel says: "The gym's a great idea, Soos."
Mabel says: "To the high school!"
The entire house quakes, startling everyone.
Ford Pines says: "Dipper, my face is on fire!"
Dipper says: "I'll just be a sec."
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford, are you okay?"
Ford says: "Oh yes, I'm fine."
Ford says: "I just said that to make sure you'd come in here quickly."
Dipper says: "But your face is on fire."
Ford says: "Yes, it's much faster than shaving."
Ford says: "Now, listen, Dipper."
Ford says: "I have a very important mission, and you are the only one who can help me."
Ford says: "This is what Bill has been waiting for."
Ford says: "If it breaks, it will cause reality as we know it to completely unravel."
Ford says: "A hypothetical and catastrophic event I call Weirdmageddon."
Dipper stares at a blackboard Ford has drawn up, detailing the finer points of Weirdmageddon.
Ford says: "Bill is out there, and he'd use any trick, from deception to outright possession, to make this happen."
Ford says: "But for the sake of humanity, we mustn't let it."
Dipper says: "What do we do?"
Ford says: "We patch the rift."
Ford says: "I'll explain on the way."
Dipper says: "Wait, what about Mabel?"
Mabel says: "It's okay, Dipper."
Mabel says: "You should totally go with Grunkle Ford to save the world or whatever."
Dipper says: "Are you sure?"
Mabel says: "We're going to be doing birthday junk all week."
Mabel says: "Plus, I packed us walky-talkies."
Mabel says: "Here's one for my party mission, and one for your smarty mission."
Dipper says: "Okay, Dipper."
Dipper says: "It's your first big mission with Ford."
Dipper says: "A chance to prove yourself."
Dipper says: "Don't mess this up."
Dipper says: "Ahh!"
Cut to Gravity Falls High School says: "00."
where Nate says: "00."
Lee are messing with its sign says: "00."
which says "SAWDUST INHALATION DRILL- 8 says: "00."
Cut to Gravity Falls High School says: "GO FIGHTING BEAVERS."
where Nate says: "GO FIGHTING BEAVERS."
Lee are messing with its sign says: "GO FIGHTING BEAVERS."
which says "SAWDUST INHALATION DRILL- 8 says: "GO FIGHTING BEAVERS."
Cut to Gravity Falls High School says: "" Mabel and Soos walk inside to see the gym filled with students."
where Nate says: "" Mabel and Soos walk inside to see the gym filled with students."
Lee are messing with its sign says: "" Mabel and Soos walk inside to see the gym filled with students."
which says "SAWDUST INHALATION DRILL- 8 says: "" Mabel and Soos walk inside to see the gym filled with students."
Mabel says: "Whoa, Soos, I thought you said this place was empty."
Wendy Corduroy says: "My dawgs, what up?"
Mabel says: "Wendy, what are you doing here?"
Wendy says: "Ugh, high school registration."
Mabel says: "Ooh!"
Mabel says: "You know I'm only a year away from high school myself."
Mabel says: "Would you say your experience is more rom-com, or wacky romp?"
Wendy says: "More like teen horror movie."
Wendy says: "High school is the worst."
Wendy says: "Classes get super hard, your body just flat out turns against you, and worst of all, everybody hates you."
Cut to two girls growling at each other, then pan to Thompson and Robbie.
Thompson says: "Can't do it!"
Thompson says: "Can't do another year!"
Robbie says: "My hormones are like a sweaty cage!"
Mabel says: "Why aren't they singing about following their dreams?"
Mabel says: "TV taught me that high school was like some sort of musical."
Wendy says: "TV lied, man!"
Wendy says: "If you could avoid growing up, do it."
Wendy says: "I'd give anything to be 12 again."
Wendy says: "Anyway, what are you guys doing here?"
Mabel says: "Oh, just looking for a place to have my 13th birthday party."
Teacher says: "Wendy..."
Teacher says: "Borduroy?"
Teacher says: "I-I mean Corduroy?"
All the students laugh at Wendy.
Mabel says: "Master Mabel to Dippidy Dog."
Mabel says: "We can have our party at the gym, but we gotta talk about high school."
Mabel says: "Starting to think it might not be the awesome future we were expecting."
Mabel says: "Over."
Dipper says: "I'm going through a bad patch, Mabel."
Dipper says: "We'll talk when I get back."
Mabel says: "Dipper?"
Mabel says: "Come in, come in?"
Soos says: "Hey, I know what'll make you feel better."
Soos says: "Let's deliver some invites to your friends, huh?"
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Mabel and Soos drive away. Mabel finds that the sign now reads "NO ESCAPE." Cut to Dipper and Ford walking to the Floating Cliffs.
Dipper says: "Mabel?"
Dipper says: "Mabel, you there?"
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Ford says: "Listen, Dipper."
Ford says: "In order to seal the rift for good, it's going to take an adhesive stronger than anything on earth."
Ford says: "Something..."
Ford says: "extraterrestrial in origin."
Dipper says: "W-What do you mean?"
Ford says: "Dipper, look at the peculiar shape made by those cliffs."
Ford says: "Does it remind you of anything?"
Dipper says: "Hmm..."
Dipper says: "Shut."
Dipper says: "up."
Ford says: "According to my research, the entire valley of Gravity Falls was formed when an extraterrestrial object crash-landed here millions of years ago."
Ford says: "Did this craft cause the town's strange properties?"
Ford says: "Or, did the town's strange properties attract the craft?"
Ford says: "The answer is still unknown."
Dipper says: "But, that's crazy!"
Dipper says: "Where did the saucer go?"
Ford says: "Sometimes the strangest things in the world are right under our noses."
Ford says: "And our feet, in this particular instance."
Ford says: "Now you might wanna stand back."
Ford says: "This magnet gun can rip the fillings out of a man's mouth from 100 feet."
Dipper.
Ford says: "I used to raid this thing for parts for years."
Ford says: "Where do you think I got the materials to build my portal?"
Dipper says: "You..."
Dipper says: "I..."
Dipper says: "words..."
Dipper says: "not working for mouth."
Ford says: "Now come."
Ford says: "Take this."
Dipper says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Ford says: "Don't worry, I've been down here countless times; all the aliens have been dead for millions of years."
Ford says: "Probably."
Dipper takes a deep breath and heads down the entrance. Cut to commercial.
Dipper says: "I can't believe there's been a giant UFO under the town this whole time."
Ford says: "I wish my mind could be where yours is right now, Dipper."
Ford says: "When confirmation of extraterrestrials still had that punch."
Ford says: "Now it's just sort of "eh."
Ford says: "" McGucket and I used to come down here all the time to raid their tech and study their language."
Dipper says: "This is so cool!"
Ford says: "The substance we need to seal the rift is an alien adhesive."
Ford says: "Strong enough to keep the hull of a spacecraft together."
Ford says: "Just one dollop of this adhesive should be enough to seal a crack in space-time."
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford!"
Ford says: "Your turn!"
Ford says: "Say "hup"!"
Ford says: "It helps!"
Dipper says: "A little help?"
Cut to Grenda's house. Mabel knocks on her front door.
Grenda says: "Oh hi, Mabel!"
Grenda says: "You're just in time for our 1 o'clock boy talk."
Mabel says: "If you think that's good..."
Mabel says: "Boom!"
Mabel says: "Me and Dipper's 13th birthday jam!"
Grenda says: "Aw, man."
Grenda says: "Your birthday's on the last day of summer?"
Grenda says: "I'm not gonna be here."
Mabel says: "What?"
Grenda says: "Marius is flying me out to Austria to hang out in his castle or whatever that week."
Grenda says: "He's so clingy!"
Mabel says: "You're gonna be out of town for my birthday?"
Mabel says: "But at least you can come, right, Candy?"
Candy says: "Sorry, Mabel."
Candy says: "My parents send me to music camp this time of year."
Candy says: "There is no escape from music camp."
Mabel says: "So neither of you are gonna be at my birthday party?"
Mabel says: "And you won't be able to wish me goodbye at the end of the summer?"
Candy says: "I'm sorry, Mabel."
Grenda says: "Summer happened so fast."
Grenda says: "Ugh, Marius!"
Grenda says: "Now's not the time!"
Mabel says: "I think I need to radio for emotional back-up."
Cut to Dipper and Ford underground.
Ford says: "This is their storage facility."
Ford says: "This place would've been heavily guarded, but now everything's defunct."
Ford says: "Go ahead, flip any switch."
Ford says: "They've all been busted for millions of years."
Dipper pushes a button and it causes a petting zoo to fall down a hole.
Sprott says: "Clara, did you eat my farm?"
Cut back to Dipper and Ford.
Ford says: "The glue should be around here somewhere, so keep your eyes peeled."
Ford says: "Dipper, let me ask you something."
Ford says: "Have you thought much about your future?"
Dipper says: "No, not really."
Dipper says: "I mean, beyond graduating high school with a high GPA so I can get accepted to a good technical college with a photography and media production minor to start my own ghost hunting show."
Ford says: "Ha, heh heh!"
Ford says: "It's like talking to a younger version of myself."
Ford says: "If you're so sure of what you want out of life, why wait?"
Ford says: "Why put up with the drudgery of school?"
Dipper says: "Heh."
Dipper says: "Trust me, I'd love to fast-forward the whole thing, but it's not like I have a choice."
Ford says: "Dipper, I've been thinking."
Ford says: "I'm getting too old to investigate Gravity Falls on my own."
Ford says: "I need to train an apprentice to help me fight monsters, solve mysteries, and protect this town."
Ford says: "And I think I'd--I'd like to keep it in the family."
Dipper says: "What are you saying?"
Ford says: "I've read your additions to my journal and I'm impressed with your potential."
Ford says: "What would you say to staying in Gravity Falls after the summer ends and becoming my apprentice?"
Dipper says: "W-what about school?"
Ford says: "Dipper, I have 12 PhDs."
Ford says: "Your parents would be thrilled I could give you such an advanced education."
Dipper says: "There's also Mabel."
Dipper says: "She'd be all alone in California."
Ford says: "Mabel will be fine on her own."
Ford says: "She has a magnetic personality."
Ford says: "I watched her become pen pals with the pizza delivery man in the 60 seconds he was at the door."
Dipper says: "Gosh, we've never really been apart before."
Ford says: "And isn't it suffocating?"
Ford says: "Dipper, can you honestly tell me you never felt like you were meant for something more?"
Dipper says: "I-I dunno."
Dipper says: "Sounds like a dream come true, but I'm not sure I have what it takes."
Dipper says: "I was tricked by Bill, I was wrong about Stan's portal."
Dipper says: "Heck, I can't even operate this magnet gun right."
Ford says: "Ha!"
Ford says: "Yes!"
Ford says: "Dipper, you've found the adhesive!"
Dipper says: "I did?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Ford says: "Hoho, you really did it, kid."
Ford says: "Huddle in, let's get a picture of this."
Dipper says: "Uh, Grunkle Ford, you said everything in here is dead, right?"
Ford says: "Yes."
Ford says: "Unless somehow we've reactivated the-  security system!"
The security droids emerge.
Dipper says: "What do we do?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Ford says: "Listen to me very carefully: I've studied these; they're security droids and they detect adrenaline."
Ford says: "You simply have to not feel any fear and they won't see you."
Dipper says: "What?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Ford says: "It's okay."
Ford says: "I've done it before."
Ford says: "Just take a deep breath, focus on your intellect, and control your fear."
Dipper says: "Huh-wha-wha-wha- that's crazy!"
Ford says: "Follow my lead!"
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford!"
Ford says: "Focus, Dipper!"
The droid measures Ford's heartbeat and finds it to be calm. It moves on to Dipper.
Dipper says: "Wha- I-uh."
Dipper says: "I-I-uh..."
The droid produces a gun.
Dipper says: "I can't!"
Ford says: "Get down!"
The other droid produces arms and drags Ford toward it.
Ford says: "Uh!"
Ford says: "No!"
Ford says: "Noooooo!"
Dipper says: "Wait, no!"
Ford says: "Stay back!"
Ford says: "It's too dangerous!"
Ford says: "Sealing the rift is what's important now!"
Ford says: "Take this!"
The droid traps Ford in itself.
Ford says: "You're gonna have to do it without me!"
Ford says: "Use the adhesive!"
Ford says: "Fix the rift!"
Ford says: "Save the universe, Dipper!"
The droid flies away into the tunnels.
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford!"
Dipper says: "Don't worry!"
Dipper says: "I'll get you out of there!"
The droid disappears behind a saucer-shaped door.
Dipper says: "Where is that thing taking you?!"
Dipper says: "!"
The room glows purple and some kind of map appears.
Ford says: "It's an automated prison droid!"
Ford says: "And wherever it's going, I'm not coming back!"
Dipper says: "What?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Arm carries Ford toward the opening.
Dipper says: "No, no, no..."
Dipper says: "don't worry, I'll think of something!"
Ford says: "Dipper!"
Ford says: "What on Earth are you doing?!"
Ford says: "!"
Dipper says: "Hold on, Great Uncle Ford."
The droid Ford is in hovers below the exit.
Dipper says: "I'm getting you out of this, one way or another!"
The alien countdown appears to be at zero.
Dipper says: "Come on, come on!"
The droid blasts away.
Dipper says: "AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!"
The droid breaks through a grate and is outside, flying high into the air.
The droid, as Dipper screams, swerves around, flies through the crack in the cliff, through the waterfall and through the water tower. The droid bumps, knocking Ford unconscious.
Dipper says: "Ah!"
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford!"
Dipper says: "Okay, let's try: magnet pulse!"
Dipper says: "Waaaaaaahhhh!"
The droid crashes into the woods. Dipper is lying behind it, bruised and moaning.
Another droid is behind them. It begins to scan Dipper.
Dipper says: "Hey, uh, I'm warning you!"
Dipper says: "I have a magnet gun!"
The droid produces a large gun.
Dipper says: "Oh yeah!"
Dipper says: "?"
Dipper says: "You think you can scare me!"
Dipper says: "?"
Dipper says: "Do your worst!"
Dipper says: "Nothing in this universe is gonna take away my uncle!"
Dipper says: "So go ahead!"
Dipper says: "Give me what you've got!"
The machine measures Dipper's heartbeat, finds it normal, retracts its gun, and turns off.
Ford says: "Ahahaha!"
Dipper says: "Oh, are you alright?"
Dipper says: "What happened?"
Ford says: "The- the orb didn't detect any chemical signs of fear."
Ford says: "It- it assumed the threat was neutralized and self-disassembled."
Ford says: "Hahaha!"
Dipper says: "I- I did it?"
Ford says: "You did it."
Ford says: "This is what I was talking about."
Ford says: "How many other twelve-year-olds do you think are capable of doing what you've just done."
Cut to Mabel in the attic looking at scrapbooks.
Stan says: "Hey, everything all right, pumpkin?"
Mabel says: "Just can't believe the summer's almost over."
Mabel says: "And now that I know how awful high school's going to be, I'm in no hurry to start that train wreck."
Stan says: "Ah, nobody likes gettin' older."
Stan says: "But just because you're growing doesn't mean you have to grow up, you know?"
Stan says: "I mean, look at me."
Stan says: "I'm pushin' seventy and I still eat ice cream for dinner."
Mabel says: "But I don't wanna say goodbye to Gravity Falls."
Stan says: "Hey, at least whatever happens after this summer, you'll still have your brother along with you through thick and thin."
Stan says: "Not everyone can say that, you know."
Mabel says: "Yeah, at least when I go home I always have Dipper."
Her walkie-talkie crackles.
Dipper says: "Are you okay?"
Ford says: "I'm fine."
Dipper says: "Let's get you out of there."
Cut to Dipper and Ford.
Ford says: "Listen to me, Dipper: this town is a magnet for things that are special."
Ford says: "And that includes you and me."
Ford says: "It brought both of us here for a purpose!"
Ford says: "Stay here with me, Dipper."
Ford says: "Become my apprentice."
Dipper says: "I'll do it; I'm gonna stay."
Ford says: "Excellent."
Ford says: "Now who wants to save the world, apprentice?"
Dipper's walkie-talkie makes static noises.
Cut to the attic.
Dipper says: "Hey, are you okay?"
Mabel says: "Tell me it's not true, Dipper."
Mabel says: "Tell me you were joking."
Mabel says: "Ford's apprentice?"
Mabel says: "Seriously?"
Dipper says: "Look, I was thinking and..."
Dipper says: "this is a huge opportunity for me."
Mabel says: "Well it's a horrible opportunity for me!"
Mabel says: "I had the worst day of my life!"
Mabel says: "When we turn thirteen, the summer ends, and I have to leave everything behind."
Mabel says: "You're the only person I can count on and now you're leaving me too!"
Mabel says: "?"
Dipper says: "Look, I've been thinking about it."
Dipper says: "I won't be gone forever, okay?"
Dipper says: "I'll still visit you at home, and we'll chat online; we'll make it work."
Mabel says: "I don't want it to work."
Mabel says: "I just wish summer could last forever."
Dipper says: "But it can't, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Look, things aren't gonna stay frozen this way."
Dipper says: "It's part of growing up."
Dipper says: "Things change."
Dipper says: "Summer ends."
Dipper says: "Ah!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, wait!"
Dipper says: "I didn't mean it like that!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, come back!"
Bill Cipher says: "That might be possible!"
Mabel says: "Sweatertown is not accepting incoming calls right now."
Bill says: "M-M-M-Mabel, it's me."
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "Who said that?"
Bill says: "I-I-I can help."
Mabel says: "The time travel guy?"
Mabel says: "What are you doing here?"
Bill says: "You said you don't want summer to end, right?"
Bill says: "D-did-did I hear that right?"
Mabel says: "Yeah..."
Mabel says: "why are you asking?"
Bill says: "Look, maybe it's against the rules, but you once did a favor for me, so I thought I could help you out."
Bill says: "It's called a time bubble, and it prevents time from going forward."
Bill says: "Summer in Gravity Falls can last as long as you want it to!"
Mabel says: "R-Really?"
Mabel says: "But how does it work?"
Bill says: "I just need you to get a little gizmo for me from your uncle."
Bill says: "It's something small."
Bill says: "He won't even know it's missing."
Mabel says: "Huh."
Mabel says: "Maybe Dipper has something like that in his nerd-bag."
Cut to Ford in the lab. Dipper walks in.
Ford says: "Let me guess: Mabel didn't take it well?"
Dipper says: "I don't know, maybe I'm making the wrong decision."
Dipper says: "I need to think about this."
Ford says: "Dipper, right now we need to focus on the mission."
Ford says: "Now come on, I've got the glue; hand me the rift and let's make history."
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Oh no!"
Dipper says: "The RIFT!"
Cut to Mabel in the woods.
Mabel says: "Huh."
Mabel says: "That's..."
Mabel says: "odd."
Mabel says: "This it?"
Bill says: "Yes, that's it!"
Bill says: "Just hand it over and I'll do my thing."
Bill says: "Unless you're ready to leave Gravity Falls."
Mabel says: "Just a little more summer."
Bill says: "Oops."
Mabel says: "What?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Mabel says: "Oh no!"
Mabel says: "Wait, wait wait!"
Townspeople look on, worried. Wind blows. Dipper and Ford run out of the Mystery Shack.
Dipper says: "What's going on?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "What is that?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Ford says: "We're too late!"
Ford says: "It's the end of the world."
Zoom into Bill's eye; end credits says: "Dipper and Mabel's birthday flyer sits on the ground as lightning crackles and screams are heard."
Zoom into Bill's eye; end credits says: "A helicopter is heard above and the flyer blows away."