Sign In says: "Don't have an account?"
DVD vol. 1.
DVD vol. 2.
Season 1.
List says: "Tourist Trapped: The Inconveniencing: Bottomless Pit!"
Season 1.
Season 2.
Journal 1.
Journal 2.
Journal 3.
Terrios528.
Wiki Targeted Entertainment.
Do you like this video?
Play Sound says: "This is a transcribed copy for the episode "Gideon Rises."
Play Sound says: "" Feel free to edit or add to this page as long as the information comes directly from the episode."
The episode opens with a shot of Gravity Falls. Suddenly, a dark shadow covers the entire town. The camera cuts to a wrecking ball destroying the Mystery Shack. Dipper suddenly wakes up and screams.
Dipper Pines says: "I just had a horrible dream that Gideon stole the deed to the Mystery Shack, and kicked us out, and..."
Dipper Pines says: "we all had to move in with Soos' grandma?"
Soos Ramirez says: "That was no dream, dude."
Everyone wakes up.
Abuelita says: "Shh."
Abuelita says: "Por favor."
Dipper says: "Uh, sorry, Abuelita."
Mabel Pines says: "Oh, Soos, your grandma is so adorable!"
Mabel Pines says: "And her skin is old lady soft."
Mabel Pines says: "Haaaahhh!"
Stan Pines says: "Mabel, quit being creepy!"
Stan Pines says: "The news is finally on."
Stan says: "That picture's taken out of context."
Shandra says: "Now that you have the shack, what exactly are you planning to do with it?"
Gideon Gleeful says: "I have a big announcement to make today, and I'd like to cordially invite all the good people of Gravity Falls to join me."
Gideon Gleeful says: "Free admission to anyone who wears their Gideon pins!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "It's my face!"
Dipper says: "I just can't believe Gideon beat us."
Dipper says: "Normally I'm able to save the day."
Dipper says: "This is all my fault."
Mabel says: "Don't worry, Dipper."
Mabel says: "Looks like Mabel's going to have to be the hero of the family now."
Mabel says: "I'll defeat Gideon with my grappling hook!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, no offense, but that grappling hook has literally never helped us once."
Mabel says: "Oh yeah?"
Mabel says: "Jelly grab!"
Mabel shoots her grappling hook at a jar of jelly, causing it to break and splatter jelly on the walls.
Abuelita says: "I vacuum the walls now."
Soos says: "So you lost the Shack."
Soos says: "Look on the bright side, dudes!"
Soos says: "Now you get to live here with me, Soos!"
Soos says: "Hey, anyone want to play race cars?"
Soos says: "They're out of batteries but we can make pretend."
Soos spits out two pieces of food.
Soos says: "Would that be a new low if I ate that?"
Soos says: "Haha I'm just kidding, I'm totally eating it!"
Stan says: "We gotta get the Shack back."
Cuts to theme song.
Gideon says: "Hello, Gravity Falls!"
Cuts to audiences and then cut to Toby Determined and Lazy Susan.
Lazy Susan says: "Gideon is the psychic-est."
Lazy Susan says: "He guessed the secret ingredient to my coffee omelette!"
Toby Determined says: "Somehow he knew about my horrifying secret birthmark!"
Manly Dan says: "I love that child psychic so much!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "You're chokin' me!"
Deputy Durland says: "Grandma, is that you?"
Camera pans to the Pines and Soos in their disguises.
Dipper says: "We're in."
Mabel says: "Just gonna say it, I don't know what we're doing here, but I'm loving these fake mustaches."
Soos says: "If anyone asks, I'm not Soos."
Gideon says: "Ladies and gentlemen!"
Gideon says: "Today I am delighted to announce my plans for the former Mystery Shack."
Gideon says: "I give you..."
Gideon says: "Gideonland!"
The Pines says: "What?!"
Soos says: "What?!"
The Pines says: "!"
Soos says: "!"
Gideon says: "We're gonna turn this dirty ol' shack into three square miles of Gideon-tertainment."
Gideon says: "And introducin' our new mascot, Lil' Gideon Jr."
Gideon says: "!"
Bud Gleeful pulls off a cloak to reveal Waddles in a Gideon costume.
Gideon says: "Boom, he's a pig!"
Camera cuts to Mabel.
Mabel says: "Waddles!"
Mabel says: "You monster!"
Stan says: "All right, that's it!"
The Pines push their way into the crowd and run up the stage.
Stan says: "Listen up, people."
Stan says: "Gideon's a fraud!"
Stan says: "This kid broke in and stole my property!"
Mabel says: "Arrest him, officers!"
Dipper says: "Yeah!"
Gideon says: "Such accusations!"
Gideon says: "Mr."
Gideon says: "Pines, I recall you gave the property to me."
Gideon says: "Look, here's the deed right here!"
Camera cuts to Blubs and Durland.
Blubs says: "Well that's all the proof I need to see."
Durland says: "I love you, Lil' Gideon!"
Durland says: "Sing them funny songs!"
Camera cuts to Gideon with two burly guards. Gideon snaps his fingers, and the guards get ready to kick the Pines off the stage. The first grabs a hold of Mabel.
Mabel says: "Hey!"
Dipper and Stan are grabbed by the two guards.
Gideon says: "Now get off my property, old man!"
Stan says: "I'll show you who's the old man!"
Stan says: "Ow, my hearing aid!"
Stan says: "Ow!"
The Pines get carried off the stage by the guards.
Gideon says: "Thanks for visiting Gideonland, friends!"
Gideon says: "Don't come back, I don't care for y'all."
Camera cuts to the Pines and Soos as they watch the ceremony through a chain-link fence then sigh as they lean on it. Dipper kicks a rock out of frustration.
Dipper says: "Don't worry, guys."
Dipper says: "We'll get the shack back somehow."
Wendy appears.
Wendy Corduroy says: "We better."
Dipper says: "Wendy!"
Wendy says: "If I can't work at the Shack, my dad's gonna force me to move upstate to work at my cousin's logging camp."
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "You're leaving town?"
Dipper says: "But we need you here!"
Soos says: "Yeah especially Dipper because of his giant crush on—"
Dipper glares at Soos.
Soos says: "..."
Soos says: "you..."
Soos says: "calyptus trees!"
Soos says: "Ha!"
Soos says: "The kid loves eucalyptus trees!"
Soos says: "Saved it!"
There's a noise from the bushes.
Wendy says: "Oh man, guys."
Wendy says: "Don't look now."
Robbie emerges from the bushes holding a boombox.
Robbie says: "Take me back, Wendy!"
Robbie says: "My arms are too skinny to keep holding this boombox forever!"
Robbie says: "Have you been getting my texts?"
Robbie says: "Do I need to send you more texts?"
Robbie says: "Wendy!"
The scene crossfades to Soos' grandmother's home.
Abuelita says: "This is not good."
Abuelita says: "I cannot feed such a big family."
Mabel says: "Where are we gonna stay, Dipper?"
Mabel says: "Where am I gonna put all my sweaters?"
Dipper says: "What's Stan gonna tell Mom and Dad?"
Soos says: "Mr."
Soos says: "Pines will figure something out."
Soos says: "He always does."
Camera zooms out then cuts to Stan on the phone with Dipper and Mabel's parents.
Stan says: "Don't worry, your son and daughter are fine."
Stan says: "Where're we staying?"
Stan says: "Uh, I put 'em up in this amazing four-star hotel!"
A cockroach goes up in flames after touching a broken toaster wire.
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, can we order pizza?"
Stan checks his pockets only to discover they're empty. Camera cuts to a wider shot of the kitchen and Stan sighs.
Scene switches to the construction of Gideonland. Camera then cuts to a fireplace as a picture of the Pines from "The Legend of the Gobblewonker is thrown into it. Gideon is then shown laughing as he examines book 2. Meanwhile, Waddles attempts to climb out the window.
Gideon says: "You!"
Gideon says: "Back to your corner!"
Waddles says: "Scampers to the corner and starts cringing and shivering."
Bud Gleeful appears with his sad clown painting that Stan stole in The Hand That Rocks the Mabel.
Bud Gleeful says: "I've been meaning to ask you boy."
Bud Gleeful says: "Shouldn't you be celebratin' Gideonland instead of stickin' your head in that there book all day?"
Gideon says: "Father, have I ever told you the true nature of this book?"
The scene transitions to someone writing Journal 2.
Gideon narrating.
It was written many years ago by a brilliant unknown author who learned secrets too powerful for one man.
The Author is shown burying the book.
Gideon narrating.
He hid his journals where he thought no one would ever find 'em.
The scene fades to the books Journal 1 and Journal 2 coming closer together with Gravity Falls on fire and Gideon in the background. After that it shows the six-fingered hand, but instead of it being gold, it portrays the universe.
Gideon narrating.
Because he knew that if the journals were ever bought together, they would unleash a gateway to unimaginable power.
The scene fades back to Gideon.
Gideon says: "Codes and maps had led me to believe that the other book is buried somewhere on this very property, and I intend to find it!"
Bud says: "So that's why you wanted the Mystery Shack."
The scene shows Gideon with a shovel.
Gideon says: "That's right, father, it's time to begin the search for the other journal!"
The scene fades to Old Man McGucket working on the Gideon-bot, then fades to Dipper, Mabel and Soos.
Mabel says: "Go red car!"
Soos says: "Go other red car!"
Dipper says: "This would be a lot more fun with batteries."
Soos moves the red car then it bumps the other red car out of its place.
Stan walks into the room says: "Stan: Kids, we've got to talk."
clears his throat says: "Stan: Kids, we've got to talk."
Stan walks into the room says: "Look I've been thinking and..."
clears his throat says: "Look I've been thinking and..."
Stan walks into the room says: "I can't take care of you anymore."
clears his throat says: "I can't take care of you anymore."
Stan walks into the room says: "I don't have house or a job."
clears his throat says: "I don't have house or a job."
Stan walks into the room says: "The plan is, you're goin' home."
clears his throat says: "The plan is, you're goin' home."
Stan walks into the room says: "Your bus leaves tomorrow, here are your tickets."
clears his throat says: "Your bus leaves tomorrow, here are your tickets."
Dipper says: "But Grunkle Stan, you can't give up!"
Soos says: "Yeah dude, look at these faces!"
Soos begins nudging Mabel.
Soos says: "Be cuter Mabel!"
Soos says: "Your summer depends on it!"
Stan says: "Look, I lost, okay?"
Stan says: "The best thing is for you to be with your parents."
Stan says: "Sorry kids, Gideon won."
Stan says: "Summer's over."
Soos says: "Mr."
Soos says: "Pines!"
Soos says: "RECONSIDER!!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, that's enough."
Dipper says: "If Stan won't get our home back from Gideon, then we'll have to do it ourselves."
Mabel says: "Gideon may have the upper hand, but we have something he doesn't."
Dipper says: "The journal!"
Mabel says: "A grappling hoo- oh."
Mabel says: "The Journal..."
Mabel says: "Journal!"
Cut to the outside of the now fenced-off Mystery Shack.
Dipper says: "Alright, the bus to take us out of Gravity Falls comes at sundown."
Dipper says: "If we wanna stay in town we've got to get past those guards, make it through the fence, and get Gideon to hand over that deed."
Mabel says: "Leave that to Mabel."
Mabel says: "Wa-chaw!"
Mabel shoots the grappling hook. It hits a tree branch, then ricochets to Dipper. It hits him in the face.
Dipper says: "Ah!"
Dipper says: "Now will you admit the grappling hook is useless?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Mabel says: "Nope!"
Dipper says: "Okay."
Dipper says: "What can we use to defeat Gideon?"
Dipper says: "Let's see..."
Dipper says: "Barf fairy?"
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Dipper says: "Nope."
Dipper says: "Butternut Squash with a Human Face and Emotions?"
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Dipper says: "Nope."
Mabel says: "Whoa, what's this?"
Dipper says: "I stared at this page for hours."
Mabel says: "BORING!"
Mabel says: "To defeat those guards we need some kind of army."
Dipper says: "..."
Dipper says: "Wait a minute!"
Dipper says: "An army!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, that's it!"
Dipper says: "The gnomes!"
Mabel says: "Uhh..."
Cuts to the twins entering the forest.
Dipper says: "I think this is their hiding spot."
Mabel says: "I wonder what Gnomes do out here all alone in the forest?"
Both says: "Aaah!"
They see Jeff bathing in squirrels.
Jeff says: "Do do do..."
Dipper says: "Look at each other disgusted, and look back at Jeff."
Mabel says: "Look at each other disgusted, and look back at Jeff."
Jeff says: "Well, well, well."
Jeff says: "Look who came crawlin' back."
Jeff says: "Take five, Chris."
Jeff says: "You guys keep doin' what you're doin'."
Jeff says: "So, changed your mind about marryin' me, did ya Mabel?"
Mabel says: "Ew, hardly."
Mabel says: "We need your help."
Mabel says: "And seriously, ew!"
Jeff says: "You want our help?"
Jeff says: "After you left me at the alter?"
Jeff says: "No dice!"
Mabel says: "But what if we were able to get you a new queen?"
Mabel says: "One even more beautiful than me."
Dipper says: "Her name's Gideon, and she has lovely white hair."
Jeff says: "Whoa."
Jeff says: "Mature woman, huh?"
Jeff says: "Hey Shmebulock, get my cologne!"
Shmebulock says: "Shmebulock!"
Jeff says: "Is Shmebulock all you can say?"
Shmebulock says: "Shmebulock..."
Jeff says: "It's a deal!"
Cuts to Greasy's Diner.
Stan says: "Waiter, give me a glass of the strongest most expired apple cider you've got."
Soos says: "Sure thing, Mr."
Soos says: "Pines."
Stan says: "Soos?"
Stan says: "What are you doing here?"
Stan says: "You're a good man-child, Soos, but it's not lookin' good."
Stan says: "This whole town loves Gideon and hates me."
Stan says: "If only they knew how evil he really was!"
Soos says: "Hey, I'm here for you, dude."
Stan says: "The entire lower half of your body is on fire."
Soos says: "Shh, we're having a moment..."
Cuts to construction at the Mystery Shack.
Gideon says: "Where are you, Journal?"
Gideon says: "Where are you!"
Bud says: "Boy, I hate to interrupt you, but you have some guests."
Gideon says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Give us the deed to the shack, Gideon, or else."
Gideon says: "Am I supposed to say, "Or else what?"
Gideon says: "" Emphasizes well-built guards behind him: Mabel: Yes, you are supposed to say that."
Gideon says: "Now!"
Suddenly an army of gnomes surround Gideon; knock out and tie up guards.
Dipper says: "You're surrounded by an unstoppable gnome army, now give us back our deed and get off our property!"
Jeff says: "And let the marriage ceremony begin!"
Gideon says: "Very well."
Gideon says: "I suppose this deed belongs to—"
Gideon pulls out a whistle and blows it and all the gnomes covers their ears.
Gideon says: "Ha!"
Gideon says: "What do you know!"
Gideon says: "Works on gnomes too!"
Jeff says: "Stop!"
Jeff says: "We'll do anything!"
Jeff says: "How can we serve you your majesty!"
Jeff says: "The most beautiful girl we've ever seen!"
Gideon says: "I am not a girl!"
Jeff says: "Really?"
Jeff says: "But your skin is so soft."
Jeff says: "You moisturize, or..."
Gideon says: "Subdue them!"
The gnomes grunt says: "Gideon: I have to admit, kids, I am impressed by your creativity!"
charge at Dipper says: "Gideon: I have to admit, kids, I am impressed by your creativity!"
Mabel says: "Gideon: I have to admit, kids, I am impressed by your creativity!"
The gnomes grunt says: "How did you ever..."
charge at Dipper says: "How did you ever..."
Mabel says: "How did you ever..."
Dipper says: "Let go!"
Dipper says: "Oh no!"
Gideon says: "No!"
Gideon says: "Could it be?"
Gideon says: "Is it?"
Dipper says: "No!"
Dipper says: "Give it back!"
Gideon says: "Every victory you had was because of your precious book!"
Dipper says: "Give it back or I'll—"
Dipper says: "NOOOOOO!"
The scene ends with Gideon holding 3, and Old Man McGucket working on the Gideon-bot.
Scene cuts to the gnomes running into the forest, Mabel pacing, and Dipper sitting on the floor.
Jeff says: "Next time, do your own dirty work, come on boys!"
Dipper says: "Well, that's it."
Dipper says: "Guess the bus should be here soon."
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "Dipper, don't give up!"
Mabel says: "You always have a plan!"
Dipper says: "No!"
Dipper says: "The journal always has a plan!"
Dipper says: "Think about it, Mabel, Gideon was right."
Dipper says: "The only courageous or cool things I've ever done have been because of that journal."
Dipper says: "Without it, I can't help you, or Stan, or anyone."
Mabel says: "There's gotta be something we can do?"
Dipper says: "What can we do?"
The next scene starts with Dipper and Mabel boarding a bus, looking glum.
Announcer says: "Bus 52, departing Gravity Falls, all aboard."
Dipper and Mabel walk to the back of the bus and look out the window to see Stan.
Stan says: "Sorry kids, it's for the best."
The bus leaves with Wendy, Grunkle Stan, Grenda and Candy outside the window upset and waving at Dipper and Mabel as the bus departs.
Dipper says: "Can't believe this is happening."
Camera pans across to a sign reading says: "Now leaving Gravity Falls."
Camera pans across to a sign reading says: "Scene cuts to the construction of GideonLand."
Gideon says: "Get out!"
Gideon says: "It's finally mine!"
Gideon says: "At last, I have journal number  Is it ready?"
Old Man McGucket says: "He he he!"
Old Man McGucket says: "Only one way to find out!"
Gideon runs inside the robot and is in his motion-sensor suit, he then punches his right hand, and the robot pushes the Gideonland sign into the ground. the Gideon-Bot walks away.
McGucket says: "I've got a good feelin' about that kid!"
Cut to Soos' house. Soos' grandma is vacuuming the curtains and Stan is sitting on the couch.
Stan says: "Well Stan, this is it."
Stan says: "Rock bottom."
Stan says: "No friends, no family, stuck watching infomercials for whatever that is..."
Bobby Renzobbi on TV.
Are you sick of piles of owls constantly blocking your drive way? Well then you gotta get owl trowel!
Stan says: "Ah!"
Stan says: "My hearing aid!"
Stan says: "What keeps causing that?"
Stan says: "Wait a minute!"
Stan says: "That's it!"
Stan says: "I know Gideon's weakness!"
Abuelita says: "Would Mr."
Abuelita says: "Pines like a..."
Stan kisses Soos' grandma and runs to the door.
Abuelita says: "I go vacuum my face."
Cut to the Pines twins on the bus. Dipper is watching through the glass sadly.
Mabel says: "Hey, Dipper, wanna play bus seat treasure hunt?"
Dipper says: "I'm not in the mood."
Mabel says: "Aw, come on!"
Mabel says: "We got Canadian coins, gum that shaped like Ronald Reagan's head, ooh!"
Mabel says: "Miscellaneous fluid stain?"
Dipper says: "Giant robot!"
Mabel says: "Yeah, a giant robot..."
Mabel says: "Wait, what?"
Dipper says: "Look!"
Gideon bot runs to the bus yelling.
Gideon says: "Halt!"
Gideon says: "I command you to halt!"
Dipper and Mabel runs to the bus driver.
Mabel says: "Mr."
Mabel says: "Bus driver!"
Mabel says: "There is a giant Gideon bot coming towards us!"
Soos says: "Oh hey, dudes!"
Dipper says: "Soos!"
Mabel says: "Soos!"
Soos says: "Don't worry guys."
Soos says: "I've been a part-time bus driver for at least 40 minutes."
Soos says: "One of these is probably a clutch..."
Soos says: "Hang on, dudes!"
Gideon-bot tries to catch the bus.
Mabel says: "Soos, look out!"
Gideon-bot blocks the way with its hand. Soos turns the bus and smashes through a "Road Closed" sign. The Gideon-bot starts to climb up the mountain.
Dipper says: "He already won!"
Dipper says: "What does he want from us?"
Gideon says: "I got you in my sight!"
Dipper says: "Soos, cliff!"
Soos breaks the bus right before the bus falls off the cliff. The wheel of the bus is not on the cliff so it can't move. The Gideon-bot comes right after and shakes the bus and tears off the ceiling of it, revealing there is only Soos.
Soos says: "Okay."
Soos says: "What's closest to our present situation."
Soos says: "Proba-probably the second one."
The Gideon-bot turns itself finding the Pines twins on the bridge. The Pines twins run but soon find that the bridge had dead ends. The Gideon-bot jumps on the bridge.
Gideon says: "Tell me!"
Gideon says: "Where is Journal #1?!"
Gideon says: "!"
Dipper says: "Journal #1?"
Mabel says: "Journal #1?"
Gideon says: "Don't play games with me, boy!"
The Gideon-bot drives the twins to the end and punches the cliff, causing rocks to fall on the twins.
Dipper says: "I don't know what you're talking about!"
Dipper says: "You took the only journal I ever had!"
Dipper says: "What do you even want with these journals anyway?"
The Gideon-bot takes the twins. Mabel resists.
Dipper says: "Let go of her!"
Gideon says: "Ha ha ha, you still think you're some kind of hero?"
Dipper lands on the ground.
Gideon says: "Once I find the final journal I'll rule this town!"
Gideon says: "With you as my queen!"
Mabel says: "Dipper!"
Mabel says: "Help me!"
Mabel says: "HELP!"
Gideon In Dipper's mind.
Face it kid, you're nothing without that journal. How are you gonna fight then? No muscles. No brains. What are you gonna do, huh? What are you gonna do!
Dipper sadly walks to the forest. But then, Dipper runs and jumps off the cliff breaking in the Gideon-bot, tackling Gideon.
Dipper says: "Let go of my sister!"
The Gideon-bot's head moves, showing that Dipper hit Gideon.
Gideon says: "Never!"
Gideon says: "I finally won this time!"
It shows the Gideon-bot fighting, which is Gideon's movement inside. Gideon then tackles Dipper and punches him. Dipper stands up and blocks Gideon's punch. Then he makes Gideon's fist to punch himself. Then Dipper makes him punch a little stronger which makes the Gideon-bot's head turn around.
Mabel says: "Careful in there!"
The bot wakes a bit then falls off the bridge. Dipper and Mabel falls off from the bot, screaming.
Soos says: "Dudes!"
Soos says: "Nooooooooooo!"
The bot falls on the ground and it causes an explosion big enough for everyone in the town to see. The Gideon-bot is broken, and its pieces are all around. Then something comes down from the top with a string. It was Dipper and Mabel, with her grappling hook.
Mabel says: "GRAPPLING HOOK!!!"
Mabel says: "Told you it will come in handy!"
Mabel and Dipper land on the ground safely.
Dipper says: "Mabel, that was amazing!"
Mabel says: "Not amazing as you defeating that robot!"
Dipper says: "Hey!"
Dipper says: "My journal!"
The cops come and lots of people starts to gather around.
Man says: "Is this the thing that exploded?"
Woman says: "What's going on?"
Man 2.
What is that? It's over here!
Gideon comes out from the Gideon-bot.
Deputy Durland says: "Gideon!"
Deputy Durland says: "Oh, good heavens!"
Deputy Durland says: "What on earth happened here?"
Gideon says: "It was the Pines twins!"
Gideon says: "They tried to attack me and blow up my statue with dynamites!"
Gideon says: "Arrest 'em!"
Dipper says: "What?"
Mabel says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Officers, he's lying!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "Sorry kids, but we trust Gideon."
Stan comes in a car screaming.
Stan says: "Wait!"
Stan says: "Wait!"
Stan says: "Stop everything!"
Stan says: "I've got somethin' to say!"
Blubs says: "Not this guy again."
Stan says: "Just wait!"
Stan says: "Look!"
Stan says: "You guys all think Gideon is so perfect and honest,  "Oh!"
Stan says: "I could never tell a lie!"
Stan says: "I'm Gideon!"
Blubs says: "He's more honest than you!"
Durland says: "Yeah!"
Durland says: "And he's psychic too!"
Stan says: "How's this for psychic?"
Stan says: "Bam!"
Stan says: "Take a good look!"
Inside of the bot there are many screens showing the Gravity Falls' people.
Lazy Susan says: "Wait a minute, is that ME?"
Lazy Susan On TV.
The secret ingredient to my coffee omelet is coffee!
Toby says: "And me!"
Doctor On Tv.
I can verify that that birthmark is indeed disgusting.
Toby On TV.
Hooray!
Crowd says: "That's me!"
Crowd says: "That's me!"
Stan says: "That's right, these pins are hidden cameras!"
Stan says: "And my hearing aid was picking up the feedback!"
Stan says: "Who's the fraud now?"
The people all flung their pins at the ground and stare at Gideon.
Durland says: "Gideon, we gave you our trust..."
Manly Dan says: "You LIED to us!"
Gideon says: "Please, I..."
Gideon says: "It's not what it looks like..."
Gideon says: "What are you gonna do with me?"
Durland says: "Tyler?"
The camera moves to Tyler, who is next to Gideon.
Tyler says: "Get 'im..."
Tyler says: "Get 'im!"
Blubs says: "Lil' Gideon, you are under arrest for conspiracy, fraud, and breaking our hearts."
Blubs says: "Durland, the tiny handcuffs."
Durland puts the tiny handcuffs on Gideon says: "Gideon: Wha- no!"
Stan says: "Just one more thing."
Gideon says: "Let go of me!"
Gideon says: "Ow!"
Gideon says: "Ow!"
Gideon says: "Ow!"
Stan says: "I believe this belongs to me."
Gideon says: "No!"
Gideon says: "No!"
Gideon says: "Watch the hair!"
Gideon says: "You can't do this to me!"
Gideon says: "Y'all are sheep!"
Gideon says: "You need me!"
Gideon says: "I'll be back!"
Gideon says: "You'll hear from my lawyers!"
Shandra says: "There you have it."
Shandra says: "Local hero Stanford Pines has just exposed Li'l Gideon as a fraud."
Shandra says: "Anything you have to say to the town, Stanford?"
Stan says: "The Mystery Shack is back, baby!"
Cut to the inside of the gift shop which is more successful than ever. Stan is taking money from customers.
Stan says: "Ahaha!"
Stan says: "Oh, thank you, thank you!"
Cut to the twins' attic bedroom, Mabel and Dipper are unpacking.
Mabel says: "Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow."
Mabel says: "Hey, Grunkle Stan!"
Stan says: "Uh, you kiddos settlin' back in okay?"
Mabel says: "Yep!"
Mabel says: "All of my favorite moldy spots on the ceiling are still there!"
Mabel says: "Even you, Daryl."
Dipper says: "Hey, Grunkle Stan, me and Mabel have been talking, And I think there's something we should finally tell you."
Dipper says: "This is a journal I found in the woods."
Dipper says: "It talks about all the crazy stuff that goes on in Gravity Falls."
Dipper says: "Gideon nearly destroyed the whole town trying to find it."
Dipper says: "I don't know what it means, or who wrote it."
Dipper says: "But, after all we've been through, maybe you should finally know about it."
Stan solemnly closes the book.
Stan says: "I'm glad you showed me this, Dipper..."
Stan says: "AHAHAHA!"
Stan says: "Now I know where you've been getting it all from!"
Stan says: "Spookums and monsters."
Stan says: "This spooky book has been filling your head with crazy conspiracies!"
Dipper says: "But it's all real!"
Stan says: "Haha."
Stan says: "You gotta quit readin' this fantasy nonsense for your own good."
Stan says: "Although some of these would make great attractions!"
Stan says: "Can't come up with this stuff!"
Stan says: "Mind if I borrow this?"
Dipper says: "Wait, no!"
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan!"
Stan says: ""Magic book."
Stan says: ""  Ridiculous!"
Dipper says: "Stan, I need it!"
Mabel says: "Dipper, you don't need that book!"
Mabel says: "Don't you see?"
Mabel says: "On your own you defeated a giant robot with nothing but your bare hands!"
Mabel says: "You're a hero whether you've got that journal or not!"
Dipper says: "Whoa."
Dipper says: "Thanks, Mabel."
Dipper says: "I still want it back though."
Mabel says: "I'm sure you'll get it back."
Mabel says: "What would a boring old man like Stan want with that book anyway?"
Soos says: "Soos-ed!"
Dipper and Mabel get up and laughingly chase after Soos.
The camera pans down to the gift shop. Stan enters a code to enter the doorway behind the vending machine. He climbs down a set of stairs to an elevator. He opens a panel besides the elevator and inputs the alchemical symbols for "composition," "pulverize," "digestion," and "fusion" followed by the 'down' button. He enters and the elevator and goes to the third floor. Stan exits into a room filled with complex looking machines and sensors. He walks past them to a desk and switchboard. He opens the desk and pulls out a book, revealing it to be Journal #1.
Stan says: "After all these years."
Stan sets down his journal, Journal #2 which he had swiped from Gideon when he picked up the deed to the Mystery Shack, and Journal #3.
Stan says: "Finally, I have them all."
Stan puts together Journals 1, 2, and 3, revealing a complex image algorithm. He confers it as he presses buttons and switches. A machine beyond the glass of the switchboard lights up.
Stan says: "It's working!"
Stan rushes to the room with the machine and pushes a large lever in front of it. The machine crackles with large bursts of electricity sending beams of light in every direction, and finally turns on completely; a bright, white light emanating from it's central hole, blowing a steady stream of air at Stan. Stan stands proudly in front of it. His hands on his hips, and smiles in satisfaction.
Stan says: "Here we go."
End credits.