The episode begins with the twins eating Corncornos inside Stan's car. Stan is honking while Mabel attaches nachos from her chip bag to her ears.
Mabel Pines says: "Ha-ha!"
Mabel Pines says: "Nacho earrings."
Mabel Pines says: "I'm hilarious!"
Stan Pines says: "That's debatable."
Stan Pines says: "Aw, come on, what's with all this traffic?"
Stan Pines says: "And why is it all..."
Stan Pines says: "covered wagons?"
Stan Pines says: "Oh no!"
Stan Pines says: "No!"
Stan Pines says: "No!"
Stan Pines says: "Not today!"
Stan Pines says: "Not today!"
A few women gasp in the presence of him nearly running them over. He backs up, and begins to drive the car backwards.
Dipper Pines says: "Grunkle Stan, what's going on?"
Stan says: "We gotta get outta here."
Stan says: "Before it's too late!"
Stan says: "They've circled the wagons!"
Stan says: "We're trapped!"
Stan says: "Nooooooooo!"
Mabel says: "I've gotta good feeling about today."
Cut to the theme song.
The twins and Stan get out of the car and walk around an old fashioned-looking Main Street.
Dipper says: "Man."
Dipper says: "Look at the town."
Worker says: "Dirty glass."
Worker says: "We got dirty glass!"
Worker says: "Dirty glass."
Stan says: "Ah, boy."
Stan says: "It's Pioneer Day."
Stan says: "Every year these yahoos dress up like idiots to celebrate the day Gravity Falls was founded."
Toby Determined says: "Welcome to 1863!"
Stan says: "I will break you, little man!"
Toby says: "Ahh!"
Cuts to a view of people doing various activities, panning right. People doing candle dipping.
Mabel says: "Wow!"
Mabel says: "Look!"
Mabel says: "Candle dipping!"
People doing gold panning. Old Man McGucket, who is also gold panning, can be heard in the background, saying "Gold!".
Dipper says: "Whoa, gold panning!"
Priest says: "I now pronounce you man and wife."
Woodpecker guy says: "I do!"
Mabel says: "What chu talking 'bout?"
Dipper says: "Oh yeah."
Dipper says: "I remember this."
Dipper says: "In Gravity Falls it used to be legal to marry woodpeckers."
Woodpecker guy says: "Oh, it's still legal."
Announcer says: "Come one and all for the opening ceremonies!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, you coming?"
Stan says: "No, thank you!"
Stan says: "Just remember if you come back to the Shack talking like these people, you're dead to me."
Dipper says: "There's a carpetbagger in the turnip cellar!"
Mabel says: "Well hornswabber my haversack!"
Stan says: "Dead to me!"
A crowd assembles around a large stage.
Sheriff Blubs says: "Here-ye, here-ye!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "Ye olde commencement ceremony is about to commence."
Deputy Durland says: "Woo!"
Deputy Durland says: "I got a bell!"
Cut to the audience, where a robber steals an old woman's purse.
Old woman says: "Oh, no!"
Old woman says: "Police, my purse!"
Durland says: "Ring ring!"
Durland says: "Ring ring!"
Durland says: "Woo!"
Blubs says: "He sure loves his bell."
Pacifica Northwest says: "Howdy, everyone!"
Pacifica Northwest says: "You all know me, Pacifica Northwest, great-great granddaughter of town-founder, Nathaniel Northwest."
Pacifica Northwest says: "I'm also very rich."
The crowd applauds.
Pacifica says: "Now if you've got the pioneer spirit, we ask you come on up and introduce yourself."
Mabel says: "Audience participation!"
Dipper says: "I don't know, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Isn't that girl kinda like your arch-enemy?"
Mabel says: "That's water under the bridge."
Pacifica says: "Our first newcomer is..."
Pacifica says: "Mabel..."
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Mabel says: "Let's get this Pioneer Day started!"
Mabel says: "Right guys?"
Mabel says: "USA!"
Mabel says: "USA!"
Crowd says: "USA!"
Crowd says: "USA!"
America guy says: "USA, USA!"
Pacifica says: "I'm sorry to break it to you, but Pioneer Day is for serious people, and you look and act ridiculous."
Pacifica says: "I mean, a puppy playing basketball?"
Pacifica says: "Are you always this silly?"
Mabel says: "Hey, I can be serious!"
Pacifica says: "You do have nachos hanging from your ears, hon."
Pacifica says: "Haha, wow, I'm embarrassed for you."
Pacifica says: "Give her a hand everybody!"
Crowd applauds and Dipper looks worried.
Pacifica says: "Now who wants to hear more about me?"
Dipper says: "Excuse me."
Pacifica says: "Everyone say Northwest!"
Northwest Family says: "Northwest!"
Camera clicks, taking picture.
Pacifica says: "We're perfect."
Cut to Mabel and Dipper.
Dipper says: "Hey, you okay?"
Mabel says: "I need some old-timey butterscotch."
Cut to Stan in his car, which is stuck in the mud. Steve walks up to him.
Stan says: "Hey there, uh, donkey boy!"
Stan says: "Give me a hand with my car, huh?"
Steve says: "Here in 1863, I have never heard-tell of a "car."
Steve says: "" Pray-tell, what is this magic wheel box?"
Stan says: "Ah, c'mon, Steve, you're a mechanic for Pete's sake!"
Stan says: "Cut me some slack."
Steve says: ""Slack?"
Steve says: "" I am unfamiliar with this bold, new expression."
Stan says: "I can't take this anymore!"
Stan says: "I'm getting dumber every second I'm here!"
Blubs says: "Are we gonna have to intervene here?"
Stan says: "Oh, look."
Stan says: "The "Constable."
Stan says: "" What are you gonna do?"
Stan says: "Throw me in "ye stocks?"
Cut to Stan in stocks.
Stan says: "Aw, c'mon!"
Stan says: "Hey, nice outfit, Gideon."
Stan says: "You actually look less girly than usual."
Gideon Gleeful says: "Why, Stanford."
Gideon Gleeful says: "I'm just a humble tomato farmer, selling his wares."
Gideon Gleeful says: "Whoops, I dropped one."
Stan says: "Ugh!"
Stan says: "PIONEER DAY!"
Cut to the twins sitting near a large statue of Nathaniel Northwest.
Mabel says: "Dipper, can I ask you something?"
Mabel says: "Do you think I'm silly?"
Dipper says: "Uh, nnnoooo?"
Mabel says: "I knew it!"
Mabel says: "The nacho earrings, the sweater."
Mabel says: "I thought I was being charming, but I guess people see me as a big joke."
Dipper says: "C'mon, Mabel, you love that sweater!"
Mabel says: "I did before Pacifica ruined it for me."
Mabel says: "She ruins everything!"
Dipper says: "Should- should I do the voice?"
Mabel says: "Nuh uh."
Dipper says: "I'll just read..."
Dipper says: "normal."
Dipper says: "Oh, man!"
Dipper says: "If this cover-up is true, it means Pacifica's whole family is a fraud."
Dipper says: "This could be a major conspiracy!"
Mabel says: "Really?"
Dipper says: "I got to investigate this!"
Mabel says: "Wait!"
Mabel says: "I'm coming with you."
Mabel says: "Conspiracies are serious, right?"
Dipper says: "Oh yeah, definitely."
Mabel says: "Well, if I help you crack this code, then nobody could call me silly again!"
Dipper says: "Yeah!"
Dipper says: "Mystery twins?"
Mabel says: "I thought you hated that."
Dipper says: "I'm starting to accept it."
Blubs says: "This is Sheriff Blubs."
Blubs says: "We've got a code sepia!"
Dispatcher says: "What?!"
Dispatcher says: "!"
Dispatcher says: "And what are you doing about it?"
Blubs says: "I'm following them right now."
Dispatcher says: "Find them and stop them."
Dispatcher says: "There's no room for error."
Blubs says: "I understand."
Blubs says: "Blubs out."
Blubs says: "Deputy Durland, maintaining this cover-up is the mission we've been training for our entire careers."
Blubs says: "Are you ready?"
Durland says: "Woo!"
Blubs says: "Hehe, if being delightful was crime, you'd be breaking the law."
Durland says: "Let's go get 'em!"
Cuts to inside the Gravity Falls Library.
McGucket says: "Back in the olden days, pioneers drew subsistence from telling stories 'round the fire."
McGucket says: "So let's eat some books, children!"
McGucket says: "Go ahead, eat the books!"
Dipper says: "Alright, Mabel, if we can prove Nathaniel Northwest wasn't the real founder of Gravity Falls, it will finally put Pacifica in her place."
Mabel says: "And solving a mystery will prove that I'm not silly."
Mabel says: "I'm serious."
Mabel says: "Seeeeriousss..."
Dipper says: "We just need to crack this code."
Dipper says: "Let me see..."
Dipper says: "it's not Egyptian, it's not numerology, it's not, wait-of course!"
Dipper says: "The triangle is the alchemist symbol for flame."
Dipper says: "Lighting the parchment on fire will reveal the secret message!"
Mabel says: "It's so obvious!"
Dipper says: "Alright, let's just light this sucker up and--- Mabel!"
Dipper says: "Wait, Mabel."
Dipper says: "You folded it into a map!"
Dipper says: "And I was gonna burn it..."
Blubs says: "We're on the lookout for two kids who might be reading."
Durland says: "We're hunting them down for secret reasons!"
Durland says: "WOO!"
Durland says: "DERP!"
Dipper says: "Maybe we should take this elsewhere..."
Mabel says: "This map should lead us to..."
Mabel says: "..."
Mabel says: "The Gravity Falls Museum of History."
Dipper says: "You realize what this means, Mabel."
Dipper says: "We're gonna have to break in."
Dramatic music plays. Cut to Dipper and Mabel inside the museum at the entrance.
Sue says: "..."
Sue says: "And here are your free Pioneer Day passes, and your balloons, blue and pink."
Dramatic music plays.
Dipper says: "We're in."
Mabel says: "What are we gonna do next, steal Thomas Jefferson's rib cage?"
Dipper says: "Ewww, no."
Dipper says: "According to the map, the next clue about the real town founder should be right..."
Dipper says: "here!"
A triangular exhibition piece is mounted on the wall.
Dipper says: "We've gotta figure this one out quick, I have a feeling those cops weren't at the library to check out books..."
Mabel says: "I don't think the one with the bell can read..."
Dipper says: "So what is it anyway?"
The twins analyze the exhibit.
Both says: "Hmmmm..."
Mabel gets bored and walks over to a bench to sit down.
Mabel says: "It worked!"
Dipper says: "Huh?"
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "It's not abstract, it's upside-down!"
Mabel says: "I think I've seen that statue at the cemetery."
Dipper says: "Let's go!"
Dipper says: "Quick!"
Both says: "Ow."
Dipper says: "Head rush."
Sue says: "I'm sorry, but we're all out of pink balloons."
Durland says: "Why did we even come?"
Dispatcher says: "Officer Blubs."
Blubs says: "Blubs here."
Dispatcher says: "Have the targets been apprehended?"
Blubs says: "Negative, but we're close."
Blubs says: "I promise, those kids'll never get past us."
Blubs says: "Hey!"
Blubs says: "Wait!"
Blubs and Durland chase the kids out of the museum, but get stuck in the door.
Blubs says: "Dang it!"
Cut to the Woodpecker and husband's house.
Woodpecker guy says: "For the last time, we are not going south for the winter!"
Woodpecker guy says: "Our home is here!"
Woodpecker guy says: "You always say that!"
Stan says: "Yeah, yeah."
Stan says: "What d' ya want, money?"
Pacifica says: "I want you to say that the Northwest family is the best family in Gravity Falls."
Stan says: "Oh sure, you want that in writing?"
Stan says: "There you go."
Stan says: "Ha!"
Stan says: "I did that with my mouth!"
Stan says: "Aw, come on!"
Cuts to Dipper and Mabel in the cemetery. Dipper is looking at the statue that is pointing off in the distance.
Dipper says: "Ah..."
Dipper says: "The statue must be pointing to the next clue."
Mabel says: "Ach."
Dipper says: "Mabel, look!"
Mabel says: "Ha!"
Mabel says: "Who's silly now, Pacifica?"
Mabel says: "Bam!"
Mabel says: "Okay."
Mabel says: "Now we're getting into real conspiracy mode."
Mabel says: "I feel serious."
Mabel says: "Mmm."
Dipper says: "Okay, look out for booby traps."
Mabel says: "Ha!"
Mabel says: "Booby traps."
Dipper says: "Tranquilizer darts!"
Mabel says: "Aah!"
They dodge the darts and fall down a path that leads them to a small set-up filled with confidential, historical information.
Mabel says: "It's a treasure trove of historic-y, secret-y things."
Mabel says: "Oh, man!"
Mabel says: "Ben Franklin secretly was a woman!"
Dipper says: "Oh, bad news for Pacifica."
Dipper says: "Wait'll the papers hear about this!"
Mabel says: "Once people see that I uncovered a historical conspiracy, they can never call me silly!"
Dipper says: ""The true founder of Gravity Falls was sir lord, Quentin Trembley, III, Esquire."
Mabel says: "Who's Quentin Trembley?"
Blubs says: "That's none of your business!"
Durland says: "Whoo!"
Durland says: "We gotcha!"
Durland says: "Whoo!"
Blubs says: "He got hit with quite a few of those darts."
Commercial break says: "Blubs: But Quentin Trembley's a matter of national security."
Durland says: "Yeah!"
Durland says: "Ye--ah  woo."
Durland says: "I think I might be colorblind now."
Dipper says: "What do you mean, "national security?"
Mabel says: "And who is Quentin Trembley, anyway?"
Blubs says: "See for yourself."
Mabel says: "Aww, it's black and white?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Dipper says: "Shh!"
Dipper says: "Mabel."
Reel starts, revealing a government official in an office.
Govt. official says: "If you're watching this, then you are one of eight people in these United States with clearance to view this information."
Govt. official says: "In fact, I myself will be shot as soon as the filming is complete."
Govt. official says: "Of all of America's secrets, the most embarrassing was that of Quentin Trembley: The eighth-and-a-half president of the United States."
Dipper says: "President?"
Mabel says: "President?"
Mabel says: "Eighth-and-a-half?"
Govt. official says: "After winning the 1837 election in a landslide,  Quentin Trembley quickly gained a reputation as America's silliest president."
He waged war on pancakes, appointed six babies to the supreme court, and issued the de-pants-ipation proclamation. His state of the union speech was even worse.
Trembley reenacted recording.
The only thing we have to fear is gigantic, man-eating spiders!
Govt. official says: "He was kicked out of office and escaped to an uncharted valley he named Gravity Falls, after plummeting into it at high speed."
Trembley's shameful term was erased from history and officially replaced by William Henry Harrison as President and local nobody Nathaniel Northwest as founder of Gravity Falls.
The whereabouts of president Trembley's body are unknown.
Blubs says: "Until now."
Cut to Quentin Trembley, who is encased in an amber-colored rectangle.
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "Is that, like, amber or something?"
Blubs says: "The fool thought he could live forever by encasing himself in a block of solid peanut brittle."
Blubs says: "Smooth move, Mr."
Blubs says: "President!"
Blubs says: "Finding Trembley's body was our special mission."
Blubs says: "And now, thanks to you, it's complete."
Durland says: "Who knew all we had to do was follow a little girl's  trail of candy wrappers?"
Mabel says: "Ugh,  silly!"
Blubs says: "Now that you know the truth, well, we can't let you go around talkin' about it."
Dipper says: "Does that mean--?"
Mabel says: "Are you going to kill us?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Durland says: "OH NO!"
Blubs says: "No, no."
Blubs says: "We're just gonna escort you and all this stuff back to Washington."
Blubs says: "You ain't comin' back, by the way."
Cut to the inside of a train says: "Durland:  Woo-hoo!"
Cut to the inside of a train says: "We got fold-out beds!"
Blubs says: "Good thing I brought my book of spooky ghost stories!"
Durland says: "I brought rope for friendship bracelets!"
Cut to Dipper and Mabel who are trapped in a crate with Quentin Trembley's body.
Mabel says: "Anyone there?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Mabel says: "Help help help!"
Dipper says: "Hey!"
Dipper says: "Let us out!"
Mabel says: "Oh."
Mabel says: "I can't believe I left a trail of candy wrappers."
Mabel says: "This is all my fault."
Mabel says: "Pacifica had me pegged all along."
Mabel says: "I'm just a silly failure, like that embarrassing president what's-his-name."
Dipper says: "Aahh!"
Mabel says: "Aahh!"
Trembley says: "It is I, Quentin Trembley."
Dipper says: "You're alive!"
Dipper says: "But how?"
Mabel says: "Peanut brittle really does have life-sustaining properties!"
Mabel says: "You're not silly, you're brilliant!"
Trembley says: "And so are you, dear girl, for following my clues and freeing me from my delicious tomb!"
Dipper says: "He's right!"
Dipper says: "Making maps into hats, hanging upside-down; Your silliness solved the code that serious cops couldn't crack in a hundred years!"
Mabel says: "Oh, stop it."
Trembley says: "By Jefferson!"
Trembley says: "We seem to be trapped in some sort of crate-shaped box."
Mabel says: "It's a crate, Mr."
Mabel says: "President."
Dipper says: "I..."
Dipper says: "don't think that's gonna work."
Trembley says: "Wood!"
Trembley says: "My age-old enemy."
Trembley says: "In order to get out of here, this is going to take the silliest plan ever conceived."
Dipper says: "I think I know who can help you."
Mabel says: "Hmm."
Mabel says: "How 'bout..."
Mabel says: "that hole?"
Trembley says: "We will leap through it!"
Trembley says: "Almost."
Trembley says: "Almost there Good!"
Trembley says: "Keep pushing."
Dipper says: "I'm not sure this is working."
Mabel says: "Trust..."
Mabel says: "the silliness!"
Trembley says: "Fiddlesticks!"
Trembley says: "Keep going!"
A woodpecker flies in and pecks at the crate, making a tapping noise.
Trembley says: "Is that my third wife?"
Trembley says: "Sandy?"
The box falls apart.
Trembley says: "Well, we didn't fit through the hole."
Trembley says: "Let's rebuild the box and try again!"
Dipper says: "We gotta get out of here!"
Trembley says: "Also good!"
Dipper opens a door in the train and Durland, who is getting ice, sees the three of them and drops the bucket of ice.
Durland says: "Blubs!"
Dipper, Mabel, and Trembley run away. They climb up a ladder to get to the emergency escape. Trembley pulls out his key and starts pressing it against the door even though there's no lock.
Blubs says: "There  escape!"
Blubs says: "I gotta take a knee."
Durland says: "Are you okay?"
Durland says: "Can I get you anything?"
Blubs says: "Edwin, darlin', you are a diamond in the rough."
Dipper says: "Sheriff Blubs, do you really want to lock us all up in a government facility somewhere?"
Blubs says: "I've got no choice!"
Blubs says: "Our orders come from the very top!"
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "Quentin, did you ever sign an official resignation?"
Trembley says: "No, sir."
Trembley says: "I ate a salamander and jumped out the window."
Dipper says: "Then..."
Dipper says: "technically you're still legally the President of the United States, right?"
Dipper says: "You've gotta answer to this guy now!"
Blubs says: "Huh?"
Durland says: "Huh?"
Trembley says: "As president of these several United States, I hereby order you to pretend none of this ever happened."
Trembley says: "And- and go on a delightful vacation."
Trembley says: "Ow!"
Trembley says: "Mmm yeeees!"
Blubs says: "Vacation?"
Blubs says: "What place have you always wanted to visit?"
Blubs says: "Silly Water Fun Slides in Grand Lakes, Michigan!"
Durland says: "Silly Water Fun Slides in Grand Lakes, Michigan!"
Cut to Dipper, Mabel, and Trembley outside of the train. Durling and Blubs are in the train wearing Hawaiian shirts and wave to the three as the train departs.
Blubs says: "Bye-bye!"
Durland says: "Bye-bye!"
Blubs says: "Bye!"
Durland says: "Bye!"
Mabel says: "I'm legalizing everything!"
Trembley says: "You dear boy are on your way to unlocking the mysteries of this great land."
Trembley says: "So I'd like you to have my President's Key!"
Cut to Trembley and the twins later on, back in Gravity Falls. Trembley is telling a story.
Trembley says: "And then he chased me around and spanked me with a paddle for, like, three hours."
Trembley says: "Bottom line, George Washington was a jerk."
Mabel says: "A-greed!"
Cut to Pacifica and her friends watching girls run around a small maypole.
Smabble says: "Oh!"
Pacifica says: "Kick her off the team."
Pacifica's friends walk away to do as she said. Mabel approaches Pacifica.
Mabel says: "Hey, Pacifica!"
Mabel says: "I uncovered a government conspiracy about the eighth-and-a-half president of the United States!"
Mabel says: "Who's silly now?"
Pacifica says: "What?"
Pacifica says: "Who is that idiot?"
Cut to Trembley, who has his fists up and is chasing after a bald eagle.
Trembley says: "Put up your dukes, you bald fiend!"
Cut back to Mabel and Pacifica.
Mabel says: "The eighth-and-a-half president of America."
Mabel says: "How is he still alive?"
Pacifica says: "Wow!"
Pacifica says: "You really are a sad, dumb little girl."
Pacifica says: "Nice top hat, by the way."
Preston and Priscilla Northwest laugh mockingly.
Preston Northwest says: "Good one, daughter."
Pacifica says: "Ooh!"
Pacifica says: "I see your car is stuck in the mud."
Pacifica says: "Enjoy walking home!"
Dipper says: "Aren't you gonna tell her about her ate-gray ampa-gray?"
Mabel says: "You know what, Dipper?"
Mabel says: "I've got nothing to prove."
Mabel says: "I've learned to see silly as awesome!"
Dipper says: "Well, I haven't learned anything!"
Dipper says: "Hey, Pacifica!"
Dipper runs to the Northwests' sedan. The car stops and Dipper hands Pacifica the documents on the Northwest cover-up through the window.
Dipper says: "Nathaniel Northwest didn't found Gravity Falls, and your whole family is a sham."
Dipper says: "Deal with it!"
Car drives away, and Pacifica looks out the back window, shocked.
Pacifica says: "What?!"
Pacifica says: "!"
Pacifica says: "Moooom!!!"
Dipper says: "Man, revenge is underrated."
Dipper says: "That felt awesome!"
Trembley says: "Children, I am needed elsewhere."
Trembley says: "Just know that I'll always be right here..."
Dipper says: "Whoa."
Dipper says: "This is worthless."
Trembley says: "It's less then worthless, my boy."
Trembley says: "Trembley away!"
Trembley jumps backwards onto a horse and rides away.
Mabel says: "Where do you think he's going?"
Dipper says: "I'm gonna say..."
Dipper says: "off a cliff."
Cut to Stan, who is telling to the twins the story of his imprisonment.
Stan says: "And then Soos came by and talked to me for like, an hour."
Mabel says: "You've been through so much."
Dipper says: "It works!"
Stan says: "So what's with the top hat?"
Mabel says: "I am a congressman."
Stan says: "Pardon me?"
Mabel says: "You are officially pardoned."
Dipper and Mabel laugh, to Stan's befuddlement.
Stan says: "Oy!"
Stan says: "You a never gonna make sense, are you, kid?"
Mabel says: "No, I'm not, Grunkle Stan."
Mabel says: "No, I'm not."
Mabel says: "Mabel, away!"
Crashing sound.
Mabel says: "I'm okay!"
Cut to end tag. Trembley is in a courtroom talking to babies with mustaches wearing top hats.
Trembley says: "Esteemed gentlemen of the Supreme Court of the United States, I implore you to rethink your decision!"
The babies just sit there making cooing noises.
Trembley says: "Very well."
Trembley says: "But who would you have replace me?"
Baby says: "Mama."
Trembley says: "That old crone?!"
Trembley says: "!"
Baby says: "Ba ba ba..."
Trembley says: "Chief Justice Num-Num, y-you're spitting up on yourself!"
Trembley says: "Now ohh!"
Trembley says: "Oh, come on!"
Trembley says: "This is a courtroom!"
Trembley says: "I..."
Trembley says: "this..."
Trembley says: "this is a dark day for America."