Episode opens with a shot of Northwest Manor in a thunder storm. Cut to manor interior, closeup of Priscilla Northwest reading a paper.
Priscilla Northwest says: "Preston, I must say, the guest list for this year's party has so much diversity!"
Preston says: "Northwest: Yes, a nice mix of millionaires and billionaires."
Preston says: "Put the oyster fork at an angle!"
Preston says: "We're not animals, man."
Priscilla says: "Now where the devil is—"
Priscilla says: "?"
Priscilla says: "What did I tell you about that dress?"
Priscilla says: "The theme is sea foam green, not lake foam green!"
Priscilla says: "Go change!"
Pacifica says: "Northwest: But, I- I kinda like it."
Preston says: "Mind your mother, Pacifica."
Pacifica says: "But--  Yes, father."
The ground begins to shake, while at the table, plates and utensils clatter. The Northwests and their staff stare and gasp.
Preston says: "Oh no!"
Preston says: "It's..."
Preston says: "happening."
Furniture and dinnerware fly at the unfortunate individuals present, while everyone either ducks or hides underneath tables.
Preston says: "You are my possessions!"
Preston says: "Obey me!"
More things fly at Preston. He screams and ducks underneath the table.
Priscilla says: "This is a disaster!"
Priscilla says: "The party's in just 24 hours!"
Preston says: "Surely there's someone who can handle this sort of nonsense!"
Preston says: "And I think I know just the person..."
Cut to shortened theme song.
Cut to exterior shot of the Mystery Shack back porch, then interior. Dipper is sitting in the living room watching T.V.
TV Voice says: "You asked for it, you got it!"
TV Voice says: "An entire 48-hour marathon of Ghost Harassers on the "Used to Be About History Channel!"
Dipper Pines says: "Be strong, bladder."
Dipper Pines says: "We're not gonna move till sunset."
Toby Determined says: "We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news!"
Dipper says: "Aww, what?"
Mabel Pines says: "It's starting!"
Candy Chiu says: "Turn it up!"
Grenda says: "Make room for Grenda!"
Cut to Toby Determined outside Northwest Manor.
Toby says: "Well tonight's the night, but I've been out here for days!"
Toby says: "The Northwest family's annual high-society-shindig-ball-soiree is here!"
Toby says: "And even though common folk aren't let in, that doesn't stop us from camping out for a peek at the fanciness!"
Girls says: "Oooooooooh!"
Dipper says: "Okay, can someone please explain why people care about this?"
Grenda says: "It's pretty much the best party of all time."
Grenda says: "Rich food, richer boys!"
Mabel says: "They say each gift basket has a live quail inside!"
Candy says: "Give me your life, Pacifica."
Pacifica says: "I need your help."
Dipper says: "You're the worst."
Dipper says: "See?"
Pacifica says: "Look."
Pacifica says: "You think it's easy for me to come here?"
Pacifica says: "I don't want to be seen in this hovel."
Pacifica says: "But there's something haunting Northwest Manor."
Pacifica says: "If you don't help me, the party could be ruined!"
Dipper says: "And why should I trust you?"
Dipper says: "All you've ever done is try to humiliate me and Mabel."
Pacifica says: "Just name your price, okay?"
Pacifica says: "I'll give you anything!"
Mabel says: "Hi, Pacifica!"
Mabel says: "Excuse us!"
Mabel says: "Dipper!"
Mabel says: "Don't you see what this means?"
Mabel says: "If you help Pacifica, you could get us invites to the greatest party of all time!"
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Mabel, this is Pacifica we're talking about!"
Mabel says: "But it's Candy and Grenda's dream!"
Candy says: "Dreeeaaaaaaam."
Grenda says: "Dreeeaaaaaaam."
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Dipper says: "Fine!"
Dipper says: "I'll bust your ghost."
Dipper says: "But, in exchange, I'll need three tickets to the party."
Pacifica says: "Hrrn!"
Pacifica says: "You're just lucky I'm desperate."
Mabel says: "Wooo!"
Candy says: "Wooo!"
 says: "Wooo!"
Grenda says: "Wooo!"
Mabel says: "Des-perate!"
Candy says: "Des-perate!"
 says: "Des-perate!"
Grenda says: "Des-perate!"
Mabel says: "Des-perate!"
Candy says: "Des-perate!"
 says: "Des-perate!"
Grenda says: "Des-perate!"
Mabel says: "Des-perate!"
Candy says: "Des-perate!"
 says: "Des-perate!"
Grenda says: "Des-perate!"
Mabel says: "Grenda, get the glue gun."
Mabel says: "We're making dresses!"
Cut to exterior shot of Northwest Manor. A limo drives through the crowds as a butler pulls a lever to open the main gates and let it through. Two servants open the doors to the house, letting in Dipper, Mabel, Pacifica, Candy, and Grenda.
Pacifica says: "Welcome to Northwest Manor, dorks."
Pacifica says: "Try not to touch anything."
Mabel says: "Everything's so fancy!"
Butler says: "Mm, yes."
Butler says: "Very good miss."
Candy says: "The rumors were true!"
Preston says: "Ah, if it isn't the man of the hour!"
Preston says: "Hopefully you can help us with our little..."
Preston says: "situation, before the guests arrive in an hour."
Dipper says: "I'll do my best."
Preston says: "Splendid!"
Preston says: "Pacifica, take our guest to the "problem room," and, uh..."
Preston says: "he's not wearing that, is he?"
Camera zooms away revealing Dipper cleaning his teeth with his finger and with his shirt partially in his pants.
Pacifica says: "I'm on it."
Cut to Dipper emerging from a dressing room in a tuxedo.
Dipper says: "Ugh, it's like this collar is strangling me."
Dipper says: "Who do you guys think you're impressing with this stuff?"
Pacifica says: "Um, everyone."
Pacifica says: "You wouldn't understand."
Pacifica says: "High standards are what make the Northwest family great."
Dipper says: "Funny, I thought it was lying about founding the town."
Pacifica says: "Don't touch that!"
Cut to overhead view of main ballroom.
Grenda says: "Whoa, check out this hottie!"
Candy says: "Marius von Fundshauser!"
Candy says: "He's a baron from Austria!"
Mabel says: "Forget the quail, I'm putting him in my guest basket!"
Grenda says: "Hold up, ladies."
Grenda says: "I can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think this boy is out of our league."
Candy says: "Grenda is right."
Candy says: "He's a white whale."
Candy says: "Hunting him will destroy us."
Mabel says: "There are tons of cute boys coming."
Mabel says: "Let's swear a sisters' truce not to waste time on Marius."
Candy says: "Deal!"
Grenda says: "Deal!"
Mabel says: "Deal!"
Cut to Dipper opening a creaky door.
Dipper says: "Whoa."
Establishing shots of the room, with dead stuffed animal heads on the walls, paintings, a fireplace, and lots of dark wooden furniture. The whole room is lit by the fireplace and gives it a dark reddish light.
Pacifica says: "This is the main room where it's been happening."
Dipper says: "Yep, this looks like the kind of room that would be haunted, all right."
Dipper says: "I wouldn't worry about it, though."
Dipper says: "Ghosts fall on a ten-category scale."
Dipper says: "Floating plates sound like a Category 1."
Pacifica says: "So what?"
Pacifica says: "Are you gonna bore him back into the afterlife by reading from this book?"
Dipper says: "Just gotta splash this sucker with some anointed water , and he should be out of your probably-fake blonde hair."
Pacifica says: "What was that about my hair?"
Dipper says: "Shh!"
Dipper says: "I'm picking something up."
Dipper walks further into the room, stopping before a tall painting of a lumberjack over the fireplace. The device loses its signal for a moment.
Dipper says: "C'mon, stupid thing."
Dipper says: "There we go."
Dipper looks back at the painting, and the lumberjack inside has disappeared.
Dipper says: "Uh, Pacifica?"
Pacifica says: "Aah!"
Blood swells from the mouths of the stuffed animal heads on the walls. Dipper and Pacifica shout as the fire bursts out of the fireplace.
Animal Heads says: "ANCIENT SINS."
Animal Heads says: "ANCIENT SINS."
Animal Heads says: "ANCIENT SINS."
Books, furniture, and antique weapons fly around Dipper and Pacifica, and the chandelier above crackles dangerously.
Pacifica says: "Dipper, what is this?!"
Pacifica says: "!"
Dipper says: "It's a Category 10."
The bottle of anointed water breaks, and Dipper and Pacifica scream.
Deer Animal Head says: "ANCIENT BLOOD AND BLACKENED SKIES."
Animal Heads says: "THE FOREST DARK SHALL ONCE MORE RISE."
Pacifica says: "What do we do, what do we do?!"
Pacifica says: "!"
Dipper says: "Don't worry."
Dipper says: "It can't get worse than this!"
The fire flames up again, and Dipper and Pacifica hide under a table while a giant black skeleton emerges from the fire. A body forms around the skeleton of an enormous lumberjack with a beard made of fire and an ax in his head.
Ghost of Northwest Manor says: "I smell..."
Ghost of Northwest Manor says: "A NORTHWEST!"
Ghost of Northwest Manor says: "Come out, come out, wherever you are!"
Pacifica says: "Hurry!"
Pacifica says: "Read through your dumb book already!"
Dipper says: "Aww, seriously?!"
Dipper says: "!"
The table floats out from over them, revealing them to the ghost. They scream.
Ghost says: "YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE COME HERE!"
Pacifica says: "This way!"
Pacifica says: "Hurry!"
Dipper and Pacifica flee down the hall, pursued by the ghost. Cut to Preston opening the doors to the guests.
Preston says: "Welcome, dukes and duchesses, sultans, and sportsmen."
Sportsman says: "Yo, what up, Presto?"
Preston says: "And, reclusive 102-year-old mayor of Gravity Falls, Mayor Befufflefumpter."
Mayor says: "It's okay, they're with me."
Preston says: "Tonight we will enjoy only the finest of tastes and only the snootiest of laughter."
Preston says: "That's the ticket!"
Cut to Candy at the fondue fountains.
Mabel says: "Candy, listen to me carefully."
Mabel says: "You're caught in a sweet-savory loop."
Mabel says: "Put the fondue fork down."
Candy says: "I want to, but I can't."
Glass rings to gather everyone's attention.
Butler says: "Introducing Baron Marius von Fundshauser."
Marius says: "Guten tag!"
Mabel says: "Guten take-me-now!"
Grenda says: "Mabel, we had a truce!"
Candy says: "Yes yes, a truce!"
Candy says: "Uh, Grenda?"
Candy says: "Can you go fetch us some fancy napkins?"
Grenda says: "Wow, okay!"
Candy says: "Listen, Mabel, I don't know if I can follow this truce!"
Candy says: "He is too adorable!"
Mabel says: "Huh, me too, Candy."
Mabel says: "But what do we do?"
Mabel says: "He's unattainable!"
Candy says: "What if we flirt with him as a team?"
Candy says: "With our cuteness combined, one of us might have a chance!"
Mabel says: "It is the perfect plan, but what about Grenda?"
Candy says: "I love Grenda, Mabel."
Candy says: "But these boys are fancy!"
Candy says: "Her aggressive flirting style might scare them away!"
Shot of Grenda pointing at a boy's jacket.
Grenda says: "What's on your shirt?"
Grenda says: "Haha, gullible!"
Grenda says: "..."
Grenda says: "Loser!"
Cut to Pacifica leading Dipper down a decorated hallway, pursued by the laughing ghost. Overhead shot of a courtyard.
Pacifica says: "Hurry!"
Pacifica says: "Through the garden!"
Pacifica says: "Watch out for peacocks!"
Dipper, head in journal, hits a peacock as they go. Dipper and Pacifica muddy their shoes on the garden path as they run.
Dipper says: "Come on, come on--  Look!"
Dipper says: "There's a silver mirror right there!"
Dipper and Pacifica run towards a pristine white room, where a large, rectangular mirror hangs on the rear wall. Pacifica grabs his arm, stopping him before he can enter.
Pacifica says: "Wait!"
Pacifica says: "Don't go in there!"
Pacifica says: "This room has my parents' favorite carpet pattern!"
Pacifica says: "They'll lose it if we track mud in there!"
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Are you serious?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Pacifica says: "We'll find another way!"
Dipper says: "Pacifica, we don't have time for this!"
Dipper says: "Let me through!"
Pacifica says: "No, my parents will kill me!"
Dipper says: "Why are you so afraid of your parents?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Pacifica says: "You wouldn't understand!"
Pacifica tugs on Dipper's journal, tripping them both and causing them to fall through a painting of a skeleton in a crown and robe into a dark, dusty, cobwebbed room. The ghost flies past in the opposite direction.
Dipper says: "Ahh..."
Dipper says: "What is this place?"
Pacifica says: "That's weird."
Pacifica says: "I don't even know where this room is."
Dipper says: "Hopefully the ghost doesn't either."
Pacifica says: "Yeah, maybe we're safe."
Dipper says: "Pacifica, watch out!"
Pacifica says: "Aaaaah!"
Ghost says: "YOUR FATE IS SEALED!"
Dipper says: "A silver mirror!"
Pacifica says: "Ow!"
Ghost says: "PREPARE TO DIE, NORTHWEST!"
Dipper dashes in front of Pacifica, holding the silver mirror. Dipper and Pacifica are knocked out of a first floor window, become entangled in a window drape and fall down a short hill.
Pacifica says: "Did you get him?"
Dipper says: "Haha!"
Pacifica says: "Haha!"
Dipper says: "Yes!"
Pacifica says: "Yes!"
Pacifica says: "We did it!"
Pacifica says: "Can I pay you to pretend that never happened?"
Cut to Northwest Manor garden, where Preston and Priscilla Northwest are meeting Dipper, while Pacifica and a waiter stand nearby.
Preston says: "Well, Pacifica, you really found the right man for the job."
Priscilla says: "We can't thank you enough."
Dipper says: "Hey, just holding up my end of the deal."
Pacifica says: "Wait, leaving already?"
Pacifica says: "You're at the world's best party, dummy."
Dipper says: "Heh, I'd love to stay, but I've got a Category 10 ghost to dispose of."
Cut to outer garden as Dipper walks away.
Dipper says: "Call me crazy, but, maybe she's not that bad after all."
Dipper says: "What are you laughing about, man?"
Dipper says: "I defeated you."
Ghost says: "You've been had, boy."
Ghost says: "You remind me of me a hundred and fifty years ago."
Dipper says: "What do you mean?"
Ghost says: "One hundred and fifty years ago this day, the Northwests asked us lumber-folk to build them a mansion atop the hill."
Ghost says: "We were told t'would be a service to the town, that once a year they would throw a grand party, and all would share in the bounty."
Ghost says: "It took years of backbreaking labor and sacrifice, but when it was time for the grand party they promised the common folk of the town, they refused to let us in."
Flashback Lumberjack says: "YOU PROMISED, NORTHWEST!"
Dipper says: "So, wait a minute."
Dipper says: "The Northwests knew this haunting was coming, and they tricked me into helping them to avoid ghostly justice?"
Dipper says: "..."
Dipper says: "I'll be right back."
Cut to manor interior.
Preston says: "Thank you so much for coming, Mayor."
Preston says: "As a sign of our respect, please take this chimp servant."
Preston says: "Keep him away from bright lights, he gets..."
Preston says: "grabby."
Dipper says: "You've got some explaining to do!"
Pacifica says: "Dipper, you came back!"
Dipper says: "You lied to me!"
Dipper says: "All of you did!"
Dipper says: "All you had to do was let the townsfolk into the party and you could've broken the curse!"
Dipper says: "But you made me do your dirty work instead!"
Preston says: "Look at who you're talking to, boy."
Preston says: "I'm hosting a party for the most powerful people in the world."
Preston says: "You think they'd come here if they had to rub elbows with your kind?"
Dipper says: ""My kind?"
Dipper says: ""  I was right about you all along."
Dipper says: "You're just as bad as your parents."
Dipper says: "Another link in the world's worst chain!"
Pacifica says: "I'm sorry, they made me!"
Preston says: "Enjoy the party!"
Preston says: "It's the last time you and your kind will ever come."
Preston says: "No no!"
Preston says: "Those aren't for him."
Cut to mansion exterior, where Dipper is about to exorcise the ghost.
Dipper says: "Stupid Northwests, making me do their exorcism for them."
Ghost says: "Dipper, Dipper!"
Ghost says: "Please let me get my vengeance on the Northwests!"
Ghost says: "You hate them as much as I."
Dipper says: "Hey, I feel you."
Dipper says: "It's just, my sister's in there, and you seem a little unstable, man."
Ghost says: "Very well, boy."
Ghost says: "Then..."
Ghost says: "before you banish my soul, may these tired lumber eyes gaze upon the trees one final time?"
Dipper says: "Uh..."
Dipper says: "I guess."
Dipper says: "Go nuts, man."
The ghost cackles madly and the mirror becomes red-hot. Dipper drops it as it burns his hand, and it shatters on the ground, releasing the ghost back to the mansion.
Dipper says: "Aah!"
Ghost says: "Yes!"
Ghost says: "VENGEANCE!"
Dipper says: "Oh no!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Cut to manor interior, main ballroom.
Mabel says: "Hi!"
Mabel says: "I'm Mabel."
Mabel says: "So, Australia, huh?"
Mabel says: "Do you guys eat kangaroo meat over there, or..."
Mabel says: "are they..."
Mabel says: "strictly pets?"
Marius says: "I am from Austria."
Mabel says: "Tag!"
Mabel says: "Tag!"
Candy says: "I am Candy!"
Candy says: "I love the tiny hats you wear on your shoulders."
Mabel says: "Hi!"
Mabel says: "If you were a boat, do you know what kind you'd be?"
Mabel says: "A dream boat."
Mabel says: "That's what kind."
Candy says: "You are tagged out!"
Mabel says: "I tagged back in!"
Candy says: "You can't do that!"
Mabel says: "I can tag myself!"
Mabel says: "It's allowed!"
Candy says: "No, no!"
Marius nervously walks away as the two girls continue to argue.
Grenda says: "AHEM!"
Grenda says: "What exactly was all that?"
Grenda says: "You were flirting with Marius without me!"
Candy says: "We are sorry, Grenda, it's just..."
Mabel says: "Your flirting style can come off as a bit..."
Mabel says: "intense..."
Grenda says: "Oh, I see!"
Grenda says: "You think I shouldn't be myself just because I'm in this stupid mansion!"
Grenda says: "I thought you liked my style!"
Candy says: "We do!"
Candy says: "But these boys might not!"
Grenda says: "Oh, then I guess they wouldn't like this, either!"
Grenda says: "Hey, Marius!"
Marius says: "Ja?"
Grenda says: "You've got something..."
Grenda says: "on your shirt!"
Marius looks down at his shirt, and Grenda smacks his nose. Marius shouts, Mabel and Candy gasp angrily. All three girls walk away in different directions. Marius glances after Grenda, starry-eyed.
Cut to Preston, ringing a glass.
Preston says: "Thank you all for coming!"
Preston says: "I think we can all say this party was a rousing success."
Sportsman says: "I guess you could say it was a slam dunk, Presto."
Preston says: "What?!"
Preston says: "!"
Mayor says: "Ah, the grim reaper!"
Mayor says: "I'd been wondering when you would arri-- Aaah!"
Guests begin running and screaming in every direction. The ghost fires the beam at everyone he can see. Dead taxidermy animals come alive and advance on the guests.
Priscilla says: "Preston, what are we going to do?"
Preston says: "Prepare the panic room."
The front doors fly open with a flash of lightning and thunder, revealing Dipper, soaking from the rain, agape in shock at what he sees. One of the guests reaches out towards him.
Terrified Guest says: "Please, help me!"
Dipper says: "Whoa, that is messed up!"
Ghost says: "JUST ONE WAY TO CHANGE YOUR FATES: A NORTHWEST MUST OPEN THE PARTY GATES!"
Dipper says: "A Northwest?"
Dipper says: "..."
Dipper says: "Pacifica!"
Cut to hallway with secret room.
Dipper says: "Pacifica?"
Pacifica says: "You wanna know why this room was locked up?"
Pacifica says: "This is what I found in here."
Pacifica says: "A painted record of every horrible thing that my family's ever done."
Pacifica says: "Lying, cheating, and then there's me."
Pacifica says: "I lied to you just because I'm too scared to talk back to my stupid parents!"
Pacifica says: "You were right about me."
Pacifica says: "I am just another link in the world's worst chain."
Dipper says: "Pacifica, I'm sorry about what I said earlier."
Dipper says: "But just because you're your parents' daughter doesn't mean you have to be like them."
Dipper says: "It's not too late."
Ghost says: "IT'S TOO LATE!"
Dipper says: "Oh no!"
Ghost says: "You are all wood!"
Shot of Candy, Mabel, and Grenda as angry, arguing, wooden statues. Dipper looks determined and starts to run towards the ghost.
Pacifica says: "Dipper, wait!"
Pacifica gasps. A grandfather clock strikes midnight.
Ghost says: "A forest of death, a lesson learned."
Ghost says: "And now the Northwest Manor will BURN!"
Pacifica says: "Hey, ugly!"
Pacifica says: "Over here!"
Pacifica says: "You want me to let in the townsfolk?"
Pacifica says: "'Cause I'll do it!"
Pacifica says: "Just change everyone back!"
Ghost says: "YOU WISH TO PROVE YOURSELF?"
Ghost says: "PULL THAT LEVER AND OPEN THE GRAND GATE TO THE TOWN!"
Ghost says: "FULFILL YOUR ANCESTORS' PROMISE!"
Preston says: "We'll eat the butler!"
Pacifica looks at Dipper's wooden statue, and reaches for the lever.
Preston says: "You dare to disobey us?"
Preston says: "Dingally dingally!"
Preston says: "Is this bell broken?!"
Preston says: "!"
Outside, the main gate swings open, admitting the citizens of Gravity Falls.
Tyler says: "Git it!"
Tyler says: "Git it!"
Ghost says: "YES, YES, IT'S HAPPENING!"
Ghost says: "MY HEART, ONCE HARD AS OAK, now grows soft like more of a..."
Ghost says: "birch, or something."
The guests and manor itself fade back from the wooden forms.
Ghost says: "Pacifica, you are not like the other Northwests."
Ghost says: "I feel..."
Ghost says: "lumber justice."
There is a rumbling noise, and the doors of the manor burst open as the people of Gravity Falls enter the party.
Manly Dan says: "Aw, yes!"
Manly Dan says: "Yeah!"
Preston says: "Good lord, the riffraff!"
Preston says: "They're everywhere!"
Preston says: "That's not how the fork should be placed!"
Mabel says: "Oh, man, what happened?"
Grenda says: "Ahem!"
Candy says: "Grenda!"
Candy says: "We are so sorry."
Mabel says: "We shouldn't have left you behind."
Grenda says: "It's okay."
Grenda says: "Maybe I do need to work on my flirting."
Grenda says: "Come on, let's go dunk our heads in some cheese and chocolate."
Grenda says: "Friends?"
Mabel says: "Friends!"
Candy says: "Friends!"
Marius says: "Wait!"
Marius says: "Don't go!"
Marius says: "Grenda, was it?"
Marius says: "I must speak with you."
Marius says: "There is something about you, I can't get you out of my head."
Marius says: "You're so bold and confident."
Marius says: "I know you are probably out of my league, but, might I give you mein phone number?"
Grenda says: "I don't have a phone!"
Grenda says: "Write it on my face!"
Mabel says: "Whoa-ho-ho!"
Mabel says: "Go Grenda!"
Candy says: "I guess we shouldn't have sold her short."
Candy says: "I call bridesmaid!"
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "I call co-bridesmaid!"
Dipper says: "Man, if your family hates you for this, they're idiots."
Dipper says: "This is great."
Pacifica says: "Enjoy it while it lasts."
Pacifica says: "Next year I'm sure they're just gonna lock everyone out again."
Dipper says: "Hey."
Dipper says: "Guess what we're standing on."
Pacifica gasps, seeing her parents' favorite white carpet pattern. Then she laughs, and she and Dipper have some fun knocking things onto the carpet.
Pacifica says: "Haha."
Pacifica says: "But seriously, I'd better go and find someone to clean this up."
McGucket says: "Woo!"
McGucket says: "Scobbity-doo!"
McGucket says: "Hornswaggle m' goat knees!"
Dipper says: "Whoa-ho-ho, what's up, McGucket?"
McGucket says: "Dipper!"
McGucket says: "I've been lookin' for ya."
McGucket says: "I fixed the laptop."
McGucket says: "I been doin' calculations, and I think something terrible is comin'!"
McGucket says: "The apocalypse!"
McGucket says: "The End Times!"
McGucket says: "But--!"
McGucket plucks the laptop from his beard and opens it. The screen reads "IMMINENT THREAT" with what appears to be a countdown, showing less than twenty-four hours until the portal activates.
McGucket says: "Oh, this is bad!"
McGucket says: "Something's coming!"
McGucket says: "Something big!"
The camera pans to just above McGucket, where a tapestry depicts a triangle eye which looks similar to Bill Cipher in the sky above a burning landscape and cowering figures. Below the worshippers are skulls and bones lying on the ground.
Cut to credits. In a coat closet within the manor.
Agent Trrigger says: "A moment alone at last!"
Powers says: "You can drop the act, Trigger."
Powers says: "They're seeing activity on the machine."
Powers says: "It's go time."
Trigger says: "Roger that."
Powers says: "Where's my phone?"
Trigger says: "I don't have it."
Powers says: "Yes you do, it was in your purse."
Trigger says: "Oh, so I'm just supposed to hold on to everything for you?"
Powers says: "I asked you when we were in the car!"
Trigger says: "Why do we always have to fight at parties?!"
Trigger says: "!"
Cut to end card, a cryptogram showing a totem-looking wooden carving.
End episode.