The Episode begins with an establishing shot of Gravity Falls, late at night. A blue pulsing light glows. Then, a shot of the vending machine inside the Shack, which is also periodically back-lit by the pulsing blue light. Cut to Stan Pines in the underground laboratory beneath the Shack, working on the universe portal. Stan pulls a lever, and green fluid pumps into large, glass tanks.
Stan says: "Come on, come on."
Stan says: "Should be just enough to finish the job."
Stan says: "Whew."
Stan says: "Can't be too careful with this stuff."
Red lights flash and a buzzer goes off. Stan smiles and turns to look at screen. The screen reads "EVENT INITIALIZED" and an eighteen hour countdown begins.
Stan says: "Yes, this is it."
Stan's fez floats off of his head. Outside the Shack, rocks float off the ground, along with Gompers the goat. A boat lifts out of the lake. In the scrapyard, broken-down cars and junk lift off the ground, and inside McGucket's makeshift shack, a blue light blinks, illuminating the sleeping and floating McGucket and the functioning laptop which now reads "ACTIVE" under an image of the portal. Back in the Shack, Dipper and Mabel, as well as Waddles, float off their beds, but sleep undisturbed. There is a resounding "thunk" as everything in town touches back down to the ground.
Stan says: "It's gonna be a bumpy ride, but it'll all be worth it."
Stan says: "Just eighteen more hours."
Stan says: "Finally, everything changes."
Stan says: "Today."
A draft blows the journal shut.
Cut to shortened theme song. Cut to Mabel, running down the halls, followed by a tired Dipper.
Mabel says: "Ahh!"
Mabel says: "It's here it's here it's here!"
Mabel says: "Okay, so I was just opening random doors - because I'm a creep - when I found something amazing!"
Dipper says: "If it was worth waking up at seven AM for, that will be amazing."
Mabel says: "Feast your eyes!"
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Mabel says: "Bro."
Mabel says: "Bro."
Mabel says: "We're both thinking it."
Dipper says: "Crazy rooftop fireworks party!"
Mabel says: "Crazy rooftop fireworks party!"
Stan says: "..."
Stan says: "without me."
Cut to roof. Dipper is grabbing a icy-pop from the cooler. Mabel is standing excitedly next to Stan, who is sitting on the lounge chair with a lit sparkler and Roman candle.
Stan says: "Here you go, sweetie."
Stan says: "Set something on fire for your Grunkle Stan."
Sheriff Blubs and Deputy Durland approach the Mystery Shack as the fireworks go off.
Blubs says: "Hold on a minute."
Blubs says: "Do you have a permit for those?"
Dipper says: "Uh..."
Stan says: "Uh, do you have a permit for being totally lame?"
Mabel says: "Heyoooo!"
Blubs says: "Carry on."
Stan says: "But seriously though we should probably clean this mess up."
Pans out to a full view of the Mystery Shack; there are many small fires around and on it. The rope holding up the flags snaps.
Mabel says: "With water balloons?"
Stan says: "I don't see why not."
Cut to Stan sitting outside on the couch drinking a Pitt Cola, and Dipper running away from Mabel, who is throwing water balloons at him.
Dipper says: "Seriously?"
Stan says: "Ah."
Stan says: "This is what Saturdays are for."
Stan says: "Doing dumb things forever."
Mabel says: "To Grunkle Stan!"
Mabel says: "Not just a great uncle..."
Dipper says: "The greatest uncle!"
Stan says: "Alright, alright."
Stan says: "I tell you it's unnatural for siblings to get along as well as you do."
Mabel says: "to drive each other crazy!"
Stan says: "Enjoy it while you can, Stan."
Stan says: "They'll find out sooner or later."
Stan says: "Today's the day."
A glowing red dot appears on Stan's fez.
Stan says: "What is that, a ladybug?"
More red dots target Stan.
Stan says: "What the--?"
Stan says: "Oh no!"
A masked agent pins Stan down. Agent Trigger approaches.
Agent Trigger says: "Target secure!"
Agent Trigger says: "Take the house!"
Several helicopters fly above the Shack. Cut to a conufused Dipper and Mabel, surrounded by a handful of agents.
Mabel says: "What the--?"
Agent says: "Kids are secure."
Agent says: "Roof team!"
Agent says: "Go!"
Several agents rappel out of a helicopter. Cut to the Mystery Shack attic, where agents crash in and cock their weapons.
Agent 2.
Clear!
Another couple agents rush through the gift shop, wielding a bat. Another crashes through a window, using a rope.
Agent 3.
Clear!
Yet another agent breaks through Dipper and Mabel's window. Waddles is seen standing in confusion. He squeals when the agent tackles him.
Agent 4.
Pig secure! We have secured a pig!
The agents wrap yellow police caution-tape around the Shack. Several police cars are parked outside. An agent leads a struggling Stan in handcuffs.
Stan says: "Ugh!"
Stan says: "Hey, hands off, you stooge!"
Stan says: "Aah!"
Stan says: "I don't understand!"
Stan says: "What did I do that warrants this much arresting?"
Dipper, Mabel and Agent Powers and Agent Trigger walk up.
Dipper says: "The government guys?"
Dipper says: "I thought you got eaten by zombies!"
Trigger says: "We survived."
Trigger says: "Barely."
Powers says: "I used Trigger as a human shield."
Powers says: "He cried like a baby."
Trigger says: "What?"
Trigger says: "Hey!"
Trigger says: "Not in front of the special-ops guys!"
Powers says: "At o'four hundred hours last night someone robbed three hundred gallons of dangerous waste."
Stan says: "What?"
Stan says: "You think that's me?"
Powers says: "Don't play dumb with us, Pines."
Stan says: "But I actually am dumb!"
Stan says: "Last night I was stocking the gift shop."
Stan says: "I swear!"
Mabel says: "Wait!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan!"
Mabel says: "You've got the wrong guy!"
Mabel says: "Our Grunkle Stan might shoplift the occasional tangerine, but he's not some evil super villain!"
Trigger snaps his fingers and points at the children. Two agents approach the twins.
Agent 5.
Bends down and takes Mabel's icy-pop, holding an evidence bag Icy-pop. Clear.
Mabel says: "Hey!"
The other agent leads the twins away. Once they are gone the first agent who took Mabel's icy-pop looks to his left to see if the coast is clear and then licks the icy-pop. Mabel and Dipper are led into a police car, and the door is shut behind them. Looking out the window they can see Stan in a government vehicle.
Stan says: "Kids!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Headin' into work."
Wendy Corduroy says: "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doooo."
Agent 6.
Ground team! Move, move, move!
Agent 7.
Break down the door!
Two agents break down door to the Mystery Shack and a helicopter flies over the Shack.
Wendy says: "Or maybe not."
Cut to the Gravity Falls police station, Stan getting his mug shots taken, his prints taken, and then Stan sitting in front of a bulletin board with various pictures attached to strings that all meet up to a picture of him.
Powers says: "Stanford Pines, you stand accused of theft of government waste, conspiracy, and possession of illegal weapons."
Powers says: "How do you plead to these charges?"
Stan says: "Uh, guilti-cent!"
Stan says: "I mean, inno-guilty!"
Stan says: "Um, can I have my phone call?"
Cut to shot of a fast food restaurant called "Yumberjacks," where Soos is at the drive-thru.
Soos says: "Okay, gimme whatever you got that comes with a free toy."
Stan says: "Soos!"
Soos says: "Mr."
Soos says: "Pines?"
Soos says: "Is this some sort of..."
Soos says: "possession situation?"
Stan says: "Just pick up!"
Soos says: "Mr."
Soos says: "Pines, what happened?"
Soos says: "I heard you got arrested or something?"
Soos says: "I had to go get some panic food."
Soos says: "Time for a repair guy  to become a repair man."
Drive-thru employee says: "Sir, your Junior Yum-Yum Baby-Time Kiddo Meal?"
Soos says: "Just put one in my mouth."
Cut to Dipper and Mabel in the car with Trigger. Powers speaks through a video link at the front of the vehicle.
Powers says: "We've got Mr."
Powers says: "Pines in custody."
Powers says: "Our men are searching the shack for the device."
Powers says: "You take care of those kids."
Mabel says: "What're you gonna do to us?"
Trigger says: "We'll be taking you to child services."
Mabel says: "Boo!"
Trigger says: "In the meantime,  enjoy some mindless reality TV, designed to pacify you and make you stop asking questions."
Cut to television screen. A surgeon in scrubs stands over a patient laying on a stretcher.
Surgeon says: "I'm about to make the incision..."
Justin says: "KER-PRANK!"
TV Announcer says: "You're watching "KER-PRANK'D" with Justin Kerprank!"
Cut back to the twins.
Mabel says: "Dipper, this is crazy."
Mabel says: "There's no way Stan was stealing hazardous waste!"
Mabel says: "We gotta clear his name!"
Dipper says: "Hmm..."
Dipper says: "wait a minute, the security tapes!"
Dipper says: "Didn't Stan say he was restocking the gift shop last night?"
Dipper says: "If we could get the Mystery Shack surveillance tapes, we could prove he's innocent!"
Mabel says: "We just need to think of a way out of here."
Mabel says: "Think, Mabel..."
Mabel says: "Think."
Their vehicle comes up beside a logging truck driven by Manly Dan.
Trigger says: "Mayday!"
Trigger says: "Mayday!"
Trigger says: "Agent down!"
Trigger says: "Darn branch!"
Mabel says: "Haha, yes!"
Trigger says: "Backup!"
Trigger says: "Requesting backup!"
Trigger says: "Ah!"
Mabel says: "Come on, Dipper."
Mabel says: "We're gonna go clear our uncle's name."
Trigger says: "Oh, you poor kids."
Trigger says: "You really think your uncle's innocent?"
Trigger says: "I've seen it all before."
Trigger says: "False names, double lives, one minute they're playing with water balloons, the next they're building doomsday devices."
Trigger says: "Your uncle scammed the whole world."
Trigger says: "You gonna let him scam you, too?"
Trigger says: "You're gonna regret this!!"
Cut to Dipper and Mabel hiding on the side of the road. Two government vehicles pass by, and as they do, Dipper and Mabel disappear from the roadside. The camera angle changes to show them hiding in the trunk of the rear car, and an arrow-shaped sign pointing in the direction they're headed that reads "MYSTERY SHACK". Cut to a view of the countdown, which now reads roughly five hours. Cut to Stan in the interrogation room, checking his wristwatch device.
Stan says: "Only five more hours till it happens."
Stan says: "I gotta be there!"
Stan says: "Come on, Stan, you gotta think of a way outta this."
Stan says: "Think!"
Stan says: "Think!"
Suddenly the device blinks, reading "ANOMALY IN PROGRESS." The coffee on the table floats out of its cup, along with the cup itself and various items, then crashes back down.
Stan says: "They're getting stronger."
Stan says: "Of course, that's it!"
Cut to the center of town, where many cars, objects, and people float off the ground and then fall back suddenly.
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Is it just me, or did the entire world just hiccup?"
Lazy Susan says: "I'm sure it's just a baby-sized earthquake."
Tyler says: "Aww, baby-sized!"
Cut to view of the laptop, which shows the countdown that Stan initiated. McGucket is in his shack, packing a bag.
McGucket says: "It's happening!"
McGucket says: "The End Times!"
McGucket says: "When that machine activates..."
McGucket says: "I gotta get outta town!"
Cut to overhead view of the Mystery Shack, surrounded by agents. Dipper and Mabel are hiding in a bush near the Shack.
Mabel says: "Alright, here's the plan."
Mabel says: "I'll take out those two guard guys, you karate chop the other dude in the neck and then we'll back flip through the front door!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, aren't you forgetting the simpler solution?"
Mabel says: "Oh, right."
Cut to two agents looking at the Rock that looks like a face rock.
Agent says: "So is it a rock, or is it a face?"
Agent 2.
I think, it's... a metaphor.
As they ponder, Mabel's grappling hook shoots overhead through the Shack's now broken window. Dipper & Mabel slide along the rope into the Shack. They dash down the stairs, avoiding detection from the agents inside the Shack, and head into Stan's office, locking the door behind them. Then they fist bump.
Dipper says: "Alright."
Dipper says: "If I was Stan, where would I hide those surveillance tapes?"
Mabel says: "Wait!"
Mabel says: "The antelabbit!"
Dipper says: "Don't you mean "jackalope?"
Mabel says: "Pfft, that can't be right."
Dipper says: "Yes!"
Mabel says: "Yes!"
Cut to tape of Wendy, Soos, and Mabel in the Mystery Shack's gift shop, where Soos is doing the worm dance.
Mabel says: "Go!"
Wendy says: "Go!"
Mabel says: "Go!"
Wendy says: "Go!"
Mabel says: "Go!"
Wendy says: "Go!"
Mabel says: "Go!"
Wendy says: "Go!"
Mabel says: "Someone yelled "Wormy Dance."
Mabel says: "" We had to!"
Mabel says: "Fast-forward."
Tape fast-forwards through several hours.
Dipper says: "Ha!"
Dipper says: "There it is!"
Dipper says: "Stan restocking like he said!"
Dipper says: "And the date shows it was last night!"
Dipper says: "It's proof!"
Dipper says: "He's innocent!"
On the tape, Stan sneaks out of the shop at around 7PM.
Dipper says: "..."
Dipper says: "Uhh-oh."
Mabel says: "Uh, maybe he's just going to the bathroom outdoors."
Mabel says: "The way nature intended!"
Cut back to surveillance tape. At 5AM, a figure in a haz-mat suit is wheeling barrels of radioactive waste into the gift shop. Dipper and Mabel gasp in shock and horror.
Dipper says: "Oh no, Stan, you didn't..."
Mabel says: "Don't panic."
Mabel says: "That could be anyone in that suit!"
Dipper says: "That's him, alright."
Mabel says: "Okay, okay, so maybe Grunkle Stan stole some toxic waste."
Mabel says: "That doesn't mean he's leading a nefarious double life!"
Mabel says: ""Stetson Pinefield?"
Dipper says: ""Hal Forrester?"
Dipper says: "" "Andrew '8-Ball' Alcatraz?"
Dipper says: "" These are fake IDs, Mabel!"
Dipper says: "You wouldn't need these unless you were trying to hide your real identity!"
Mabel says: "But why would Stan do that?"
Dipper says: "WHAT?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: ""Stan Pines Dead?"
Mabel says: ""Foul play suspected in Pines' death."
Mabel says: "" Fiery car crash, brakes cut..."
Mabel says: "by who?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Dipper says: ""Unnamed grifter at large?"
Dipper says: "" Why would they call him unnamed?"
Dipper says: "Unless Stan..."
Mabel says: "Isn't..."
Dipper says: "Stan?!"
Mabel says: "Stan?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Mabel says: "!"
Cut to countdown clock, now reading under sixteen minutes.
Dipper says: "Stan Pines is dead?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "Then who have we been living with?"
Dipper says: "It doesn't make any sense!"
Mabel says: "There has to be some explanation."
Mabel says: "Maybe we're getting Ker-Prank'd!"
Mabel says: "Justin Kerprank is gonna jump up from behind one of these plants..."
Mabel says: "Any minute, Justin."
Dipper says: "I can't believe it."
Dipper says: "This whole summer I've been looking for answers and the biggest mystery was right under our nose."
Mabel says: "Ugh, there's gotta be some kind of explanation in here somewhere."
Mabel says: "What the..."
Mabel says: ""secret code to hideout?"
Dipper says: "Let me see that."
Dipper says: ""A1, B, C3"..."
Dipper says: "I've never seen a code like this."
Mabel says: "Wait!"
Mabel says: "I have!"
Mabel says: "Dipper, it's the vending machine!"
Cut to Stan checking the wristwatch device, which reads about thirteen minutes now.
Powers says: "Alright, Pines."
Powers says: "Playtime is over."
Powers says: "Chopper's ready to dust off to Washington."
Powers says: "I'll enjoy putting you away."
Stan says: "What?"
Stan says: "Um, can't we stick around for maybe one minute?"
Stan says: "Uh, one minute thirty seconds?"
Powers says: "We're not falling for your games, Pines."
Powers says: "You've been running your whole life."
Powers says: "Your time is finally up."
Stan says: "Bathroom break?"
Stan says: "Just give me..."
Stan says: "fifteen seconds!"
Powers says: "Sorry, but you've got a flight to catch."
Stan says: "Oh, yeah?"
Stan says: "So do you."
Powers says: "Huh?"
Everything floats up from the floor. Stan kicks the table into the agents. Cut to outside the police station, where everything is losing its grip on the world. Cut back to Stan in the station.
Powers says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey!"
Powers says: "Aah!"
Stan hits Powers with the back of his chair, turns over, thrusts away from the wall, catches the cuff key in his hands and un-cuffs himself.
Powers says: "Hey!"
Powers says: "Dang it, get back here!"
Powers says: "Men, get him!"
Stan kicks one of the agents in the chest, catches his wallet and hops from agent to agent out of the room.
Powers says: "No!"
Powers says: "You won't get away with this!"
Stan slams the door in Powers' face, locking it behind him. His watch beeps and gravity is working again. Behind Stan, Durland falls out of a room next door, followed by a blindfolded Blubs, swinging a bat at a piñata.
Blubs says: "Gon' getcha, gon' getcha!"
The agents in the interrogation room slide to the floor with a squeaking sound.
Powers says: "Ow!"
Outside, everything hits the ground again, and Stan runs out of the station to a taxi.
Stan says: "Do you know where the Mystery Shack is?"
Taxi Driver says: "Uh, yeah?"
Stan says: "Okay."
Stan says: "Here's a hundred bucks."
Stan says: "Drive as far away from the Shack as possible, and don't stop when the cops start chasing you!"
The driver shrugs and speeds away, while Stan hides behind a wrecked car as the agents come out of the station.
Powers says: "He's getting away!"
Powers says: "Obviously, follow that cab!"
Cut to Shack exterior. Trigger drives up to order the other agents.
Trigger says: "Stanford escaped!"
Trigger says: "He's at large!"
Trigger says: "We need to sweep the town!"
Trigger says: "Move!"
Trigger says: "Move!"
Trigger says: "Move!"
Soos says: "Alright Soos, remember the plan."
Soos says: "Protect the machine, earn Stan's trust, legally get adopted by Stan, change name to Stan Junior."
Dipper says: "Soos?"
Soos says: "Ahh!"
Soos says: "Oh, kids!"
Soos says: "Where've you been?"
Dipper says: "What are you doing here?"
Soos says: "Stan gave me a mission to protect this machine!"
Soos says: "Ha!"
Soos says: "And I thought I loved snacks."
Dipper says: "Soos, listen."
Dipper says: "Something huge is going on here."
Dipper says: "If Stan is hiding some dangerous secret, we need to find out what it is!"
Dipper says: "I need you to step aside."
Mabel says: "Yeah, just let us through so we can prove this is all just a big misunderstanding."
Soos says: "Guys, I know this seems crazy, but I promised Stan I would guard this with my life."
Soos says: "Aah!"
Soos says: "Attack glitter!"
Soos says: "It's pretty, but it hurts!"
Dipper says: "C'mon Soos..."
Mabel says: "C'mon Soos..."
Dipper says: "c'mon..."
Mabel says: "c'mon..."
Dipper says: "c'mon..."
Mabel says: "c'mon..."
Dipper says: "please!"
Mabel says: "please!"
Soos says: "Ah!"
Soos says: "Seriously, it hurts me way more that it hurts you!"
Dipper reaches for the number pad and enters the code. All shout as the vending machine swings forward, shoving them to the floor. All cough, then gasp at the secret passage behind the machine.
Soos says: "It's like something from a video game..."
Mabel says: "Or a dream..."
Dipper says: "..."
Dipper says: "Or a nightmare."
Cut to shot of Stan's feet as he races back to the Shack, cut to Soos, Dipper & Mabel heading down in the elevator, then cut back to Stan, checking the watch.
Stan says: "I gotta be there when it happens!"
Stan says: "Aah!"
Cut to Soos, Dipper & Mabel entering Stan's lab. All gasp.
Mabel says: "Guys, are we dreaming?"
Mabel says: "Somebody wake me up."
Dipper says: "This can't be real..."
Soos says: "I don't understand."
Soos says: "Why would Mr."
Soos says: "Pines have all this?"
Dipper says: "It's just like that bunker in the woods..."
Soos says: "But what is it doing underneath the Mystery Shack?"
Mabel says: "Okay, okay, so he's got a huge gigantic lab."
Mabel says: "That doesn't mean anything bad!"
Mabel says: "Everyone's got secrets!"
Mabel says: "It's still Stan, and he loves us."
Mabel says: "And we love him."
Mabel says: "Right?"
Dipper says: "It can't be..."
Dipper says: "it's impossible."
Dipper says: "The other two journals?"
Dipper says: "All this time..."
Dipper says: "all this time, Stan had them?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "I can't believe it!"
Dipper says: "Was anything he said to us real?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "Why would he have those journals?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Soos says: "Maybe he's the author."
Dipper says: "Or maybe he stole them from the author!"
Dipper says: "Maybe the reason he has all those fake IDs is because he is a master criminal, and this machine is his master plan!"
Mabel says: "Whoa."
Soos says: "It's the final countdown!"
Soos says: "Just like they always sung about!"
Dipper says: "That's it!"
Dipper says: "The shutdown switch!"
Dipper says: "This all stops..."
Dipper says: "now!"
Stan says: "DON'T TOUCH THAT BUTTON!!"
Stan says: "Please don't press that shutdown button, you gotta trust me."
Dipper says: "And I should trust you why?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "After you stole radioactive waste?"
Dipper says: "After you lied to us all summer?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "I don't even know who you are!"
Stan says: "Look, I know this all seems nuts, but I need that machine to stay on!"
Stan says: "If you'd just let me explain--  Uh-oh, oh, no!"
Stan says: "Brace yourselves!"
They are lifted off the ground and float toward the machine. All over town, things are lifted high off the ground. Gompers "baaa"s. Powers screams as his car flies into the air. Lazy Susan is lifted off her feet in a store. Bud Gleeful grabs onto one of his cars as he and his customers float into the air. The sky darkens and the sun appears red over Gravity Falls.
Computer says: "T minus thirty-five seconds."
Stan says: "Wh-whoa-aaaah!"
Dipper says: "Aaah!"
Mabel says: "Dipper!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "Hurry!"
Dipper says: "Shut it down!"
Stan says: "No!"
Stan says: "Mabel, Mabel, wait!"
Stan says: "Stop!"
Stan says: "Aah!"
Stan says: "I gave you an order!"
Soos says: "Sorry, Mr."
Soos says: "Pines - if that is your real name - but I have a new mission now!"
Soos says: "Protecting these kids!"
Stan says: "Soos, you idiot, let me go!"
Dipper says: "Go!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, press the red button!"
Dipper says: "Shut it down!"
Stan says: "No, you can't!"
Stan says: "You gotta trust me!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan,  I don't even know, if you're my grunkle!"
Stan says: "Then listen to me."
Stan says: "Remember this morning when I said I wanted to tell you guys something?"
Computer says: "T-minus twenty seconds."
All scream as the portal flashes and pushes Dipper, Stan, and Soos against the opposite wall. Mabel prepares to push the button.
Stan says: "I wanted to say that you're gonna hear some bad things about me, and some of them are true, but trust me."
Stan says: "Everything I've worked for, everything I care about, it's all for this family!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, what if he's lying?"
Dipper says: "This thing could destroy the universe!"
Dipper says: "Listen to your head!"
Stan says: "Look into my eyes, Mabel!"
Stan says: "You really think I'm a bad guy?"
Dipper says: "He's lying!"
Dipper says: "Shut it down NOW!"
Stan says: "Mabel, please!"
Computer says: "Ten."
Computer says: "Nine."
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan..."
Computer says: "Six."
Computer says: "Five."
Dipper says: "MABEL, ARE YOU CRAZY?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Computer says: "One."
Dipper, Stan, Soos and Mabel all disappear in an explosion of light as each of them screams.
Dipper says: "NOOO-!"
Stan says: "AAA-!"
Soos says: "AAH-!"
Mabel says: "AAA-!"
A flash of blinding light engulfs all of Gravity Falls. Inside, there is picture of Mabel and Dipper cracks as an unconscious bodies of Dipper and Mabel floating Then, everything comes down to earth. The portal, now a mess of tangled wires and metal, glows bright blue. A figure emerges from the portal. The blue light fades behind him. He walks forward, placing a six-fingered hand on the cover of the first journal, then picks it up and places it into the inside pocket of a long, dark coat.
Dipper says: "What..."
Dipper says: "?"
Dipper says: "Who is that?"
Stan says: "The author of the journals..."
Stan says: "..."
Stan says: "my brother."
Mabel says: "Is this the part where one of us faints?"
Soos says: "Ohoho, I am so on it, dude."
Cut to credits. Two boys says: "a cryptogram showing the portal."
about Dipper says: "a cryptogram showing the portal."
Mabel's age says: "a cryptogram showing the portal."
sit on a swing set on a beach in front of a sunset. Vigenère ciphered message "THE ORIGINAL MYSTERY TWINS". Cut to end card says: "a cryptogram showing the portal."