The episode starts off in the middle of the night with a massive blue light glowing from inside the Mystery Shack. Inside the twins' bedroom they and Waddles are both sleeping, but Waddles wakes up because of the light. Cut to Stan in his secret underground lab looking at the portal.
Stan Pines says: "Thirty long years and it's all led up to this."
Stan Pines says: "My greatest achievement!"
Cut to government base, we see a screen with sound waves. Agent Trigger and Agent Powers are sitting in front of the screen.
Agent Trigger says: "See there!"
Agent Trigger says: "There it is again!"
Agent Powers says: "We haven't seen readings like this for thirty years."
Trigger says: "Is it coming from deep space?"
Powers says: "Just as I suspected."
Powers says: "Gentlemen!"
Powers says: "We're going to Gravity Falls."
Big screen slightly changes to an aerial photo of Gravity Falls, Oregon.
Cut to theme song.
Stan's alarm clock wakes him up, he is still in the secret lab.
Stan says: "Oh right."
Stan says: "Showtime."
Cut to Mystery Shack.
Stan says: "Welcome, to the grand re-opening of the Mystery Shack!"
Tourists cheer for Stan.
Stan says: "We're here to celebrate the defeat of that skunk Li'l Gideon!"
Tourists says: "Boo!"
Stan says: "Please, please..."
Stan says: "boo harder!"
Tourists says: "BOO!"
Stan says: "But I didn't catch that porkchop all alone."
Mabel elbows Stan.
Stan says: "Okay, okay."
Stan says: "Most of the glory."
Toby Determined says: "Smile for the camera!"
Stan says: "Your camera's a cinder block, Toby."
Toby says: "I just wanna be a part of things..."
Shandra Jimenez says: "Smile for a REAL camera."
Mabel Pines says: "Everybody say "Something stupid!"
Mabel says: "Something stupid!"
Stan says: "Something stupid!"
Dipper Pines says: "Something stupid!"
Stan says: "And don't forget to come to the after-party tonight at eight."
Mabel says: "We're doing a karaoke bonanza, people!"
Mabel says: "And an amazing karaoke performance by our family band, Love Patrol Alpha!"
Dipper says: "I don't know about that."
Stan says: "I would never agree to that ever."
Mabel says: "Too late!"
Mabel says: "I wrote your names on the list!"
Mabel says: "It's happening!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Buy a ticket, people!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "You know you don't have anything going on in your lives!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "I'm talking to you, Pizza Guy!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Don't lame out on me!"
Tourists follow Wendy outside. Cut to Stan, Dipper and Mabel.
Stan says: "The town loves us, we finally got that Gideon smell out of the carpet."
Stan says: "Everything is finally going my way."
Dipper says: "Hey, Grunkle Stan."
Dipper says: "Now that we have a moment."
Dipper says: "I've been meaning to ask you for my journal back."
Stan says: "Wha?"
Stan says: "Journal?"
Stan says: "You mean this old thing!"
Stan says: "It was so boring I couldn't even finish it."
Flashback in Stan's office, Stan photocopies Journal 3. Waddles is standing beside the copy machine.
Stan says: "You didn't see nothing!"
Cut back to present.
Dipper says: "Wait, you're just gonna give it to me?"
Dipper says: "Just like that?"
Stan says: "What else do you want?"
Stan says: "A kiss on the cheek?"
Dipper says: "I..."
Dipper says: "I gotta go!"
Soos Ramirez says: "I wouldn't mind a kiss on the cheek."
Stan says: "Not gonna happen."
Cut to attic. Dipper locks the door, turns Mabel's stuffed animals around, pulls down the screen on the window and turns on his electric lamp.
Dipper says: "Mabel, we've gotta talk."
Dipper says: "Almost losing my journal made me realize that I'm halfway through the summer, and still no closer to figuring out the big mysteries of Gravity Falls."
Dipper says: "Gideon almost destroyed the town to get his hands on this journal."
Dipper says: "But why?"
Dipper says: "Who wrote it?"
Dipper says: "Where are all the other journals?"
Dipper says: "What was Bill talking about when he said "everything was going to change"?"
Dipper says: "There's something HUGE going on right under our noses."
Dipper says: "And it's time we stop goofing around and get to the bottom of it."
Mabel says: "Bro, you looked at that thing like, a bazillion times."
Mabel says: "There's nothing left to discover!"
Mabel says: "Half the pages are blank, remember?"
Dipper says: "I just feel like I'm one puzzle piece away from figuring out everything."
Mabel says: "Don't worry Dipper!"
Mabel says: ""I play by me own rules!"
Mabel says: "Wot?"
Mabel says: "Wot?"
Dipper says: "I don't know why I tell you things..."
Dipper says: "do you hear that?"
Cut to the Mystery Shack parking lot. A car parks. Two men step out of the car and look at the Shack.
Soos says: "Hey, Mr."
Soos says: "Pines, what's that code word I'm supposed to yell when I see a government vehicle?"
Stan says: "Wait, what?"
Stan says: "Government vehicle?"
A "U.S. Government" vehicle arrives near the Mystery Shack, a "USEXEMPT" is on the vehicle's number-plate, and a sticker that says "Honk If You Want To Be Arrested" is on the back of the car. Stan, with a scared look on his face, quickly closes the window, goes to the Mystery Shack's intercom and screams into it.
Stan says: "The Mystery Shack is now closed, everybody out!"
Stan says: "I will not hesitate to use the hose on the elderly!"
Mabel and Dipper run to Stan while all the customers are leaving the gift shop.
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, what's happening?"
Dipper says: "Yeah, you never shut down the gift shop."
Stan is walking nervously in the gift shop, a door bell ring is heard and a few knocks after it.
Two men are shown standing in the doorway in front of Stan, showing their government I.D. cards.
Powers says: "My name is Agent Powers and this is Agent Trigger, we're here to investigate reports of mysterious activity in this town."
Trigger says: "Activity!"
Stan says: "Mysterious activity?"
Stan says: "In the Mystery Shack?"
Stan says: "You gotta be joking!"
Powers says: "I assure you I'm not."
Powers says: "I was born with a rare disorder that made me physically incapable of experiencing humor."
Powers says: "I don't understand that sound you're making with your mouth."
Powers says: "Now if you'll excuse us we are conducting an investigation."
Both men enter the Mystery Shack.
Trigger says: "Investigation!"
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "Wait, did you guys say you're investigating the mysteries of this town?"
Powers says: "That information is classified  We're just one small lead away from blowing the lid of this entire mystery."
Dipper says: "Are you kidding me?"
Dipper says: "I'm investigating the exact same thing!"
Dipper says: "I found this journal in the woods which has almost all the answers."
Dipper says: "If we work together, we could crack the case!"
Powers says: "we should talk."
Dipper says: "We could talk right now!"
Dipper says: "Please please."
Dipper says: "C-Come in!"
Dipper says: "I have so much to show you!"
Stan says: "Hehe, I'm sorry agents."
Stan says: "The kid has an overactive imagination."
Stan says: "And like, a sweating problem."
Mabel says: "Haha!"
Mabel says: "Zing!"
Stan says: "Paranormal town stuff is just part of gift shop lore."
Stan says: "Sells more tickets you know?"
Soos says: "Popodopopo!"
Soos says: "Swag!"
Powers says: "We have other spots to investigate."
Powers says: "We'll be on our way."
Trigger says: "I'm confiscating this for evidence."
Agent Powers says: "Smart move."
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "No, wait!"
Dipper says: "We got so much to talk about!"
Stan says: "Now how's about you being a normal kid."
Stan says: "Flirt with a girl, or steal a pie off a window sill."
Dipper says: "But Grunkle Stan!"
Dipper says: "You don't understand!"
Stan says: "And don't go talking to those agents."
Dipper says: "Ugh!"
Dipper says: "That could've been my big break!"
Mabel says: "Bro, maybe Grunkle Stan is right."
Mabel says: "We're throwing a party tonight!"
Mabel says: "Can't you go one night without searching for aliens or raising the dead or whatever?"
Dipper says: "I'm not gonna raise the dead."
Dipper says: "I just need a chance to show those agents my book!"
Mabel says: "Trust me Dipper, the only book you'll need tonight is right here: Boop!"
Mabel says: "I say kara–, you say –oke!"
Mabel says: "kara–."
Mabel says: "I could do this all day."
Cut to party, Soos places a nacho bowl, Mabel stands on the podium while Stan walks to the Shack.
Stan says: "Aah!"
Mabel says: "Well, the confetti cannon works!"
Stan says: "Listen kid, you do not want to hear this voice singing."
Stan says: "Trust me."
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, karaoke is not about sounding good, it's about sounding terrible, TOGETHER."
Wendy says: "It's like a crime scene in my mouth!"
Wendy says: "C'mon, you love it."
Dipper says: "It's not fair."
Dipper says: "Finally I meet someone who can help me solve the mysteries of this town, and Stan confiscates their card."
Wendy says: "Dude, I probably shouldn't be telling you this, but I'm pretty sure Stan hides, like, everything in his room."
Dipper says: "Ugh, if I go into Stan's room I could get in so much trouble."
Wendy says: "Yeah, you're probably right."
Wendy says: "That's what makes it fun, dummy!"
Cut to Soos stacking Piñatas shaped like Grunkle Stan's head.
Soos says: "Man, I can't wait to smash these Stañatas!"
Grenda says: "Smash!"
Grenda says: "Grenda has entered the party!"
Candy Chiu says: "Stan's brains look delicious."
Mabel says: "Girls!"
Grenda says: "Omigosh!"
Grenda says: "Omigosh, Mabel!"
Grenda says: "Is that a boombox sweater?"
Mabel says: "See for yourself!"
Grenda says: "Poke!"
The boombox starts flashing and music plays. The three girls start dancing.
Grenda says: "Ha!"
Grenda says: "Ha!"
Grenda says: "Yes, work it!"
Grenda says: "Hah!"
Cut to the Mystery Shack's parking lot as some vehicles pull in. Gompers is standing on the "Mystery Shack" sign. Thompson, Tambry, Nate and Lee are walking towards the party.
Thompson says: "Aw, I thought this was gonna be a rave."
Nate says: "Thompson, take off your shirt and make it a rave!"
Thompson says: "I'll do anything for your approval!"
Thompson says: "Aw, come on."
Tambry says: "I promise I won't send it to anyone."
Cut to Stan at a table with "ADMISSION $10" written on the front.
Lazy Susan says: "Who's got one good eye and one good pie?"
Manly Dan says: "These kegs are full of MEAT!"
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Tambry sends me the craziest texts!"
Stan says: "The whole town is showing up!"
Stan says: "And no sign of those pesky agents."
Stan says: "Wendy, Dipper."
Stan says: "How are those posters coming along?"
Stan says: "Hmm."
Cut to the door of Stan's room. A piece of wood nailed to the door reads "STAN'S ROOM." A sign hanging on a nail below it reads "NO MINORS ALLOWED." A picture of Dipper with a cross through it and "THAT MEANS YOU!" written on it is pinned to the door. A "Do not disturb" sign is on the doorknob.
Wendy says: "I'll keep an eye out for Stan."
Wendy says: "You go rustle through his weird old man biz."
Powers says: "Agent Powers."
Dipper says: "Hi, this is Dipper."
Dipper says: "Th-The kid from the Mystery Shack."
Dipper says: "The one with the, um, "sweating problem."
Dipper says: "" I have that journal I wanted to show you!"
Powers says: "And you're certain this "journal" will help our case?"
Dipper says: "I'm a hundred percent positive."
Powers says: "Very well."
Powers says: "We're on our way."
Stan appears and presses a button to end the phone call.
Wendy says: "Sorry, Dipper."
Wendy says: "I got distracted."
Stan says: "Kid, why did you call those agents?"
Stan says: "I've told you once, I've told you a hundred times!"
Dipper says: "Yes, there is!"
Dipper says: "After everything that's happened you have to know that by now."
Stan says: "All I know is that your dumb obsession is gonna get us all in trouble one of these days."
Stan says: "Now go enjoy the rest of the party, 'cause when it's over – you're grounded."
Dipper and Wendy walk away. Dipper looks at Stan angrily.
Cut to the vending machine. Stan enters the code, goes inside it, then checks to see if anyone is watching before closing it behind him.
Cut to the party, Mabel walks from left to right.
Mabel says: "What's the problem officers?"
Mabel says: "Did you catch my face going ninety smiles per hour?"
Durland says: "We've got complaints about the loudest party in town."
Blubs says: "Three words: We want in."
Mabel says: "Welcome to your dreams!"
Cut to Mystery Shack parking lane, the government vehicle from earlier appears. Agent Trigger and Agent Powers get out of it. They look at their watches.
Dipper says: "Guys, I'm so glad to see you."
Dipper says: "Working together we can crack all of the big questions of Gravity Falls!"
Dipper says: "I'm sorry, "helicopters."
Powers says: "Kid, I'd love to believe you, but this just looks like more junk from your uncle's gift shop."
Powers says: "I mean, Leprecorn?"
Powers says: "I can't be the only one who thinks that's not funny."
Trigger says: "I can confirm."
Trigger says: "Not funny."
Dipper says: "No, no, no!"
Dipper says: "It's real, I swear!"
Dipper says: "You should "send it to the lab."
Dipper says: "" Am I saying that right?"
Powers says: "Your uncle was right about that overactive imagination of yours."
Powers says: "We've got paperwork to do, kid."
Trigger says: "Boring."
Trigger says: "Paperwork."
Dipper says: "WAIT!"
Dipper says: "This book is real."
Dipper says: "Gnomes, cursed objects, spells!"
Dipper says: "LISTEN!"
Dipper says: "Uh, uh, Corpus Levitus!"
Dipper says: "Diablo Dominus!"
Dipper says: "MONDO VICIUM!"
Dipper says: "Huh?"
Both Agents says: "AAH!"
A huge crack forms between Dipper's feet he jumps away and lands near the Agents. Green smoke comes out of the crack. A zombie slowly climbs out and roars.
Dipper says: "Ha, a zombie!"
Dipper says: "A real, actual, zombie."
Dipper says: "See?"
Dipper says: "Spooky journal, 100% real."
Dipper says: "Now can we work together?"
Powers says: "Mother of all that is holy!"
Trigger says: "What do we do?"
Dipper says: "It's just one zombie, trust me I see stuff like this all the time: Dipper scans trough his journal, looking for a solution."
Dipper says: "Then after a few seconds the zombie roars in his face about to bite him."
Agent Powers quickly hits the zombie with a rock, knocking it out.
Dipper says: "Whew."
Dipper says: "Oh, good thing it was just that one."
The ground starts shaking again more cracks form, more green smoke, and suddenly hundreds of zombies appear and start going after Dipper, Agent Trigger, and Agent Powers.
Dipper says: "Oh my gosh!"
Dipper says: "You guys can help right?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Powers says: "Kid, we've been chasing the paranormal for years but we have never seen anything like this before!"
Trigger says: "Get down!"
Zombies pull the agents into the darkness of the forest, leaving Dipper by himself.
Dipper says: "OH, MY GOSH, WHAT HAVE I DONE?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Cuts to the party were everyone is happy, dancing, and having a good time. Then show the police rapping.
Blubs says: "What up, fools."
Blubs says: "It's Blubs and Durls."
Deputy Durland says: "Making all that money and gettin' them girls!"
Mabel says: "What do you say guys is this party legendary?"
Mabel says: "When I say "Mabel" you say "Pines"!"
The ground starts shaking.
Mabel says: "Mabel!"
Mabel says: "Mabel!"
Man says: "WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!"
Mabel says: "Why does that never work?"
Wendy says: "Whoa, WHOA!"
Wendy says: "I think it's an earthquake!"
Wendy says: "Hey, everybody, we got to get out of here!"
Candy says: "We are all doomed!"
Grenda says: "Quick, into my getaway pouch."
Candy jumps into Grenda's backpack.
Grenda says: "Mabel, escape while you still can!"
Mabel says: "Wait, no!"
Mabel says: "Don't leave!"
Mabel says: "We haven't even done our family karaoke song yet!"
Dipper runs into the party Soos and Mabel are the only ones left. Mabel notices the zombies following Dipper.
Mabel says: "Dipper, what's the one thing I asked you not to do tonight?"
Dipper says: "Raise the dead."
Mabel says: "And what did you do?"
Dipper says: "Raise the dead."
As the zombies get closer, Mabel and Dipper back up as Soos heroically steps in front to protect them.
Soos says: "Stay back dudes, this is about to get intense."
Soos says: "Sorry, one second."
Soos says: "You got to admit this is pretty cool."
Commercial break.
Dipper says: "ZOMBIES!!"
Mabel says: "Don't panic."
Mabel says: "Maybe they're just a really ugly flash mob?!"
Mabel says: "!"
A zombie swings and almost hits their heads before they duck. They run behind Soos while screaming.
Soos says: "Dudes, stay calm."
Soos says: "I've been training for this moment my whole life."
Soos says: "With all the horror movies I've seen, I literally know all there is to know about to avoid zombies."
A zombie bites Soos, and he becomes a zombie.
Soos says: "Second thought, gonna flip the script."
Soos says: "Can I, eat your brains?"
Soos says: "Yea or Nay?"
Soos says: "Seeing some Yea faces over here."
They run around the side of the house, Soos and the other zombies in slow pursuit. Dipper slices through a zombie with his shovel.
Dipper says: "Quick!"
Dipper says: "The golf cart!"
Zombies attack the golf cart, tipping it over and biting at it.
Dipper says: "Aw, come on!"
Soos says: "Hoo, that's a bummer."
Soos says: "Good news for me though, ha ha."
Dipper says: "Soos!"
Soos says: "Sorry, dude, I just really want those brains!"
Dipper says: "Stay back!"
Dipper hits a colorful disco ball at the zombies. One of the zombies catches it in its mouth and swallows it, sending rays of colorful light shining out between its ribs. They continue advancing toward the twins, who stand in fear.
Soos says: "Give it up, dudes!"
Soos says: "Your fighting only makes us look more rad!"
Mabel says: "What do we do?"
Mabel says: "Where's Grunkle Stan?"
Dipper says: "How's he supposed to help?"
Dipper says: "He doesn't even believe in the supernatural!"
Cut to the secret lab, the portal glowing and making a zapping noise. Stan is in his chair, pushing buttons.
Stan says: "Those agents could ruin everything."
Stan says: "Darn kid!"
Stan says: "He has no idea what he's messing with."
Stan says: "Ugh, I got too much on my mind to worry about those kids right now."
Stan says: "All right, let's see..."
A screen behind him shows Dipper, Mabel, and Waddles running from the zombies. Cut to outside. A zombie pops up in front of the twins.
Mabel says: "Take that, sucka!"
Mabel says: "This thing's a surprisingly good weapon!"
More zombies approach behind them. The kids scream and run into the Shack.
Dipper says: "Quick!"
Dipper says: "We need to board up all the windows!"
They pile things in front of the door, blocking it. The zombies press against the door and begin to break it.
Dipper says: "Okay, maybe that'll hold 'em."
The window crashes open. Soos leans in.
Soos says: "Hey dudes!"
Soos says: "By the way, I taught the zombies how to get into the fuse box."
Soos says: "Among these dudes I'm like a genius, haha!"
The Shack lights go out, with red light pouring in from outside. Zombies start climbing in through the window.
Soos says: "Get those brains, dawg!"
Mabel says: "Dipper, isn't there something in the journal about defeating zombies?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Dipper says: "This can't be happening."
Dipper says: "I wanted answers so bad I put everyone in danger."
Dipper says: "Now we're toast, it's all my fault, and no one can save us!"
A zombie grabs Dipper's arm and lifts him up. Mabel screams.
Dipper says: "Ah, NO!"
Dipper says: "MABEL, I'M SORRY!"
Mabel says: "DIPPER!"
Dipper screams, the zombie opens it's mouth, when suddenly—"SMASH!"—it is hit with a baseball bat and drops Dipper, and its head is crushed by the foot of—.
Stan says: "YOU TWO!"
Stan says: "ATTIC!"
Stan says: "NOW!"
Dipper says: "Grunkle..."
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Stan says: "I said NOW!"
Stan says: "All right, you undead jerks, YOU READY TO DIE TWICE?!"
Stan says: "!"
The twins run through the living room, Stan following, fighting off zombies.
Stan says: "The only wrinkly monster who harasses my family is me!"
Stan says: "Take that!"
Stan says: "And that!"
Stan says: "Eat it, no eyes!"
Stan says: "ANYONE ELSE WANNA PIECE?!"
Stan says: "!"
He continues bashing zombies, then backs up the stairs as more enter from the front door. At the top of the stairs he pushes over a grandfather clock with a grunt, sending it tumbling into the horde of zombies. The twins run into their room and slam the door. They back away as something starts breaking in. The door opens to reveal Stan, who coughs and clutches his side.
Stan says: "Oh!"
Stan says: "Ow."
Stan says: "Everything hurts."
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan, that was amazing!"
Dipper says: "Are you alright!"
Dipper says: "Heh heh, well, at least you can't deny magic exists anymore, right?"
Stan says: "Kid, I've always known."
Dipper says: "Wait, what are you talking about?"
Stan says: "I'm not an idiot, Dipper!"
Stan says: "Of course this town is weird!"
Stan says: "And the one thing I know about that weirdness is that it's dangerous!"
Stan says: "I've been lying about it to try to keep you away from it."
Stan says: "To try to protect you from it!"
A zombie breaks through the window. Stan punches it and watches it fall to the ground, where a crowd of zombies is staring up at the Shack. More start crawling up the outside walls.
Stan says: "It looks like I didn't lie well enough."
Mabel says: "What do we do, what do we do?"
Dipper says: "It's hopeless!"
Mabel says: "Wait, wait, wait!"
Mabel says: "The text!"
Mabel says: "It's glowing in the black light!"
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "All this time I thought I knew all the journal's secrets, but they're written in some kind of invisible ink!"
Stan says: "Invisible ink?"
Dipper says: "This is it!"
Dipper says: ""Zombies have a weakness!"
Dipper says: "Previously thought to be invincible, their skulls can be shattered by a perfect three part harmony."
Dipper says: "" Three part harmony, how can we create that?"
Dipper says: "I have a naturally high-pitched scream..."
Dipper says: "?"
Stan says: "I can make noises with my body?"
Stan says: "Sometimes intentionally."
Mabel says: "Boys, boys."
Mabel says: "I think you're both missing the obvious solution."
Cut to the zombies outside crowding the Mystery Shack. They wander through the gift shop, when a noise comes from a microphone.
Mabel says: "Hello?"
Mabel says: "Hello?"
Mabel says: "Is this thing on?"
The zombies start walking outside. Soos walks through the living room.
Soos says: "Eh, I already sat down."
The zombies gather outside. Dipper, Grunkle Stan, and Mabel are on the roof awning, each holding a microphone.
Mabel says: "Zombies and gentlemen!"
Mabel says: "I'm Mabel, they're Dipper and Stan, and together we're Love Patrol Alpha!"
Dipper says: "I never agreed to that name."
Mabel says: "Hit it!"
Stan says: "Uh, Mabel, our lives may not be worth this."
Dipper says: "Mabel, this is stupid!"
Mabel says: "Aah!"
Mabel says: "Guys, we have to sing together or it won't work!"
Stan says: ""Boys are a bore, let's show 'em the door."
All three says: ""We're takin' over the dance floor!"
All three says: "Oh-oh!"
All three says: "Girls do what we like!"
A sound wave goes out, causing the zombies to cover their ears. A few of their heads explode.
All three says: ""Oh-oh!"
All three says: "We're taking over tonight!"
All three says: "Oh-oh!"
All three says: "Girls do what we like!"
All three says: "Oh-oh!"
All three says: "We're taking over tonight!"
They sing to the night as more zombies' heads explode.
All three says: ""We're queens of the disco!"
All three says: "Oh-oh!"
All three says: "Girls do what we like!"
All three says: "Oh-oh!"
All three says: "We're taking over tonight!"
Dipper says: ""Takin' over tooniiiiight!"
As the guitar riff plays, a zombie pops up and Dipper screams.
Mabel says: "DUCK!"
Mabel says: "Thank you!"
Mabel says: "We'll be here all night!"
Stan says: "Deal with it, zombie idiots!"
All says: "PINES!"
All says: "PINES!"
All says: "PINES!"
All says: "PINES!"
Cut to the ravaged living room. Stan puts on his fez.
Dipper says: "I'm sorry about this, guys."
Dipper says: "I totally ruined everything."
Mabel says: "Dipper, are you kidding me?"
Mabel says: "I got to sing karaoke with my two favorite people in the world!"
Mabel says: "No party could ever top that."
Stan says: "Kids, listen."
Stan says: "This town is crazy."
Stan says: "So you need to be careful."
Stan says: "I don't know what I'd do with myself if you got hurt on my watch."
Stan says: "I'll let you hold on to that spooky journal, as long as you promise me you'll only use it for self-defense, and not go looking for trouble."
Dipper says: "Okay, as long as you promise me that you don't have any other bombshell secrets about this town."
Stan says: "Promise."
Dipper says: "Promise."
Stan says: "Man, we have got a lot of zombie damage to clean up."
Stan says: "Where's my handyman anyway?"
Soos says: "Brains!"
Soos says: "Braaains!"
Stan says: "Holy Moses!"
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "There's a page in here about curing zombification."
Dipper says: "It's gonna take a lot of formaldehyde."
Mabel says: "Ooh, and cinnamon!"
Dipper says: "Come on Soos, let's fix you up."
Soos says: "Brains!"
Soos says: "Braaains!"
Mabel says: "Soos, cut it out!"
Soos says: "Heheh, sorry dude!"
Dipper says: "I can't believe it!"
Dipper says: "All this time the author's secrets were hiding in plain sight!"
Dipper says: "A whole new chapter of mysteries to explore..."
Cut to end credits.
Agents Powers says: "Trigger: That was insane!"
Trigger climbs out of a ditch says: "Trigger: That was insane!"
Agents Powers says: "I've never seen anything like it!"
Trigger climbs out of a ditch says: "I've never seen anything like it!"
Agents Powers says: "Who do we report to?"
Trigger climbs out of a ditch says: "Who do we report to?"
Powers says: "This is bigger than we imagined."
Powers says: "We need to bring in the big guns."
Trigger says: "But they'll never believe us!"
Powers says: "Then we'll make them believe us."
Powers says: "This is the town we've been searching for."
Toby walks by, swinging for a piñata and making weird noises.
Trigger says: "Aah!"
Trigger says: "Another zombie!"
Powers says: "Drop your weapon!"
Powers says: "Drop your weapon!"
Toby lifts his blindfold and looks at the agents.
Agents says: "Oh, it's just—"
Agents says: "Who is that guy?"
Agents says: "—"
Agents says: "just a very ugly man."