Open to a shot of the Gravity Falls Cemetery with a partly cloudy sky, and a star-shaped cloud. Dipper, Mabel, Wendy, Nate, Tambry, Lee, and Thompson are watching the sky and pointing at clouds.
Mabel Pines says: "Whoa!"
Mabel Pines says: "That cloud looks like a chipmunk!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "—"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Barfing an airplane."
Dipper Pines says: "It does."
Thompson says: "Uh, that looks like..."
Thompson says: "uh, a cloud!"
Lee says: "Boo!"
Wendy says: "Thompson, stop being the worst at everything."
Mabel says: "Look at the clouds!"
Mabel says: "Ooh!"
Mabel says: "That cloud looks like a big heart-shaped balloon!"
Dipper says: "Clouds don't come in colors."
Dipper says: "That is a balloon."
Wendy says: "Oh dude!"
Wendy says: "It's the Woodstick festival."
Dipper says: "Wait, the wood what?"
Wendy says: "It's this annual outdoor concert featuring Oregon's up and coming indie bands."
Tambry says: "Hey!"
Wendy swipes through several images of the bands.
Wendy says: "They're all coming!"
Wendy says: "Scarves Indoors, Wood Grain on Everything, the Love God!"
Wendy says: "You've probably seen him in that viral video."
Love God says: "Whoa!"
Love God says: "Ow!"
Love God says: "I hope nobody's filming this!"
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "Like a real concert concert?"
Dipper says: "I've never actually been to one of those before."
Wendy says: "That's because you've never had an awesome crew to roll with before!"
Lee says: "Come on, Thompson!"
Lee says: "Lick that sponge!"
Nate says: "Lick that sponge!"
Lee says: "Lick that sponge!"
Nate says: "Lick that sponge!"
Lee says: "Oh!"
Nate says: "Oh!"
 says: "Oh!"
Mabel says: "Oh!"
Nate says: "Can't believe he's doing it!"
Lee says: "What are you doing man?"
Wendy says: "When you're with us, you're in!"
Groaning is heard. The gang looks worried. A flock of ravens chirp and fly away from branches.
Mabel says: "Ghosty sounds!"
Mabel says: "Cemetery ghosty sounds!"
Wendy says: "It's coming from that open grave."
Nate says: "You look!"
Lee says: "No, you look!"
Dipper says: "Thompson, go look."
Nate says: "Heh."
Nate says: "Nice use of Thompson."
Thompson says: "Ugh..."
Everyone but Thompson says: "Gaze upon death!"
Everyone but Thompson says: "Gaze upon death!"
Thompson looks into the grave and screams. Lightning strikes.
Cut to theme song.
Tambry says: "Ugh!"
Tambry says: "It's even creepier than I expected."
Cut to a full view so that everyone can be seen, as well as the open grave, where Robbie is lying, holding onto a picture of Wendy.
Robbie Valentino says: "Why did she leave me?"
Wendy says: "Robbie?"
Robbie says: "Wendy!"
Robbie says: "Oh."
Robbie says: "Uh."
Robbie says: "Hey."
Robbie says: "What's up?"
Robbie says: "Just hanging out in this grave, you know."
Robbie says: "Regular."
Robbie says: "Regular day for me."
Lee says: "Whoa, dude."
Lee says: "We haven't seen you in, like a million years."
Lee says: "Where have you been?"
Wendy says: "You're not still mourning our break up, are you?"
Robbie says: "What?"
Robbie says: "No way!"
Wendy says: "Robbie, we split up forever ago."
Wendy says: "It's really sweet you'd throw yourself into a grave for me but, man, time to move on."
Robbie says: "Huh, what?"
Robbie says: "I'm totally moved on."
Cell phone ringtone says: "Wendy, I miss you so much."
Cell phone ringtone says: "I'll never move on."
Cell phone ringtone says: "Never ever."
Robbie says: "That was a different Wendy."
Robbie says: "Unrelated Wendy."
Lee says: "Dude, this is getting really awkward."
Tambry says: "Yeah, the cemetery used to be fun; now it's just depressing."
Everyone but Mabel starts walking away.
Mabel says: "Wait!"
Mabel says: "You guys!"
Mabel says: "He's in pain."
Mabel says: "We can't just ditch him here."
Dipper says: "Come on, Mabel, it's Robbie."
Mabel says: "But he's suffering."
Mabel says: "How can I be happy if I know someone else is sad?"
Mabel says: "It totally throws off my happiness chart."
Dipper says: "Mabel, trust me."
Dipper says: "If there's one thing I've learned this summer, it's not to get mixed up in needless romantic drama."
Dipper says: "Besides, we're finally in with Wendy's friends."
Dipper says: "With Robbie gone, there's a good social balance."
Dipper says: "Maybe we should let the good thing be, you know."
Robbie says: "Ah!"
Robbie says: "I was just being dramatic!"
Robbie says: "Quit it!"
Robbie says: "Ow!"
Robbie says: "Ow!"
Robbie says: "My face!"
Robbie says: "Vulture!"
Cut to the Mystery Shack, where Wendy and the twins are.
Wendy says: "Oh, man."
Wendy says: "I'm sorry you guys had to see that."
Mabel says: "You know what Robbie needs?"
Mabel says: "A new girl!"
Mabel says: "Romance is like gum."
Mabel says: "Once it's lost its flavor, you just cram another one in."
Wendy says: "Mabel, it's not that easy."
Mabel says: "It is if you're the world's greatest matchmaker!"
Mabel says: "I've never had an unhappy customer; like Soos and Melody."
Cut to Soos, who is standing behind a cardboard box, video chatting with Melody.
Soos Ramirez says: "Watch this."
Soos Ramirez says: "Did it look cool?"
Melody says: "The coolest."
Cut back to Mabel, Wendy and Dipper.
Mabel says: "Match made!"
Mabel says: "And then, of course, there's Waddles and Gompers."
Pan to Gompers, who is wearing a wedding veil made of saran wrap. Tin cans are tied to him with string and Waddles duck taped to his side. Wedding music plays, Gompers bleats, and then eats the saran wrap-veil.
Mabel says: "Match made!"
Wendy says: "That might work for a goat and a pig, but Robbie's a hopeless case."
Mabel says: "Hopeless case, ehhh?"
Cut to right outside of the Mystery Shack, where Stan is standing on a ladder, sewing a rainbow afro onto a stuffed gorilla.
Stan Pines says: "Putting a rainbow wig on a big white gorilla."
Dramatic music begins to play and the wind blows the wig off of the gorilla. Stan gets off of the ladder to retrieve it.
Stan says: "What the..."
Stan says: "?"
Stan says: "Fixed gear bikes."
A van pulls up. A Woodstick attendee is sitting on top of it, playing his guitar and singing a song.
Woodstick attendee says: "Singing by the open road."
Woodstick attendee says: "My sandals are so open toed."
Stan says: "Folk music!"
Stan says: "It's the Woodstick Festival!"
Stan says: "Soos!"
Stan says: "They're slow."
Stan says: "I could probably take a few down."
Soos says: "Wait, Mr."
Soos says: "Pines!"
Soos says: "I've been thinking."
Soos says: "Every year this festival comes by and every year you shun what could be potential customers."
Stan says: "You really think I could make money off of these free-loading, kale-munching freak shows?"
Soos says: "You just gotta figure out what appeals to them."
Stan says: "Hmm."
Stan says: "How do I appeal to young people?"
Stan says: "So young people are into hot air balloons, ehh?"
Cut to Mabel at the front door of the Valentino household.
Mabel says: "Alright, Mabel."
Mabel says: "Robbie's a broken teacup and you're going to piece him back together."
Mr. says: "Howdy do!"
Mrs. Valentino says: "Howdy do!"
Mrs. Valentino says: "Happy day!"
Mabel says: "It is intense."
Mabel says: "You're Robbie's parents?"
Mabel says: "I always thought he was, like, raised by sad wolves or something."
Mr. Valentino says: "Oh, well, he doesn't like to talk about us."
Mr. Valentino says: "He always says we're too cheerful for funeral directors."
Mr. Valentino says: "Come in."
Mr. Valentino says: "Come in."
Cut to the inside of the house. There is a glass coffin with a corpse in it. On top of it is a tray of crackers and grapes. Mr. Valentino grabs the tray and approaches Mabel, who is sitting on the couch.
Mr. Valentino says: "Cracker platter?"
Mabel says: "Oh, no time for crackers, sorry."
Mabel says: "I'm here to cheer Robbie up."
Mabel says: "Cannot have a dry cracker mouth for that."
Mrs. Valentino says: "And could you bring him his lunch?"
Mrs. Valentino says: "You know who would look good in a sweater like that?"
Mrs. Valentino says: "Mrs."
Mrs. Valentino says: "Grabelson's remains!"
Mr. Valentino says: "Oh, absolutely!"
Cut to the upstairs floor, where Mabel is walking by pictures of Robbie from over the years. She stops at his bedroom door.
Mabel says: "Robbie!"
Mabel says: "It's Mabel!"
Robbie says: "Who?"
Mabel says: "Remember me?"
Mabel says: "I'm like girl-Dipper!"
Robbie says: "Ugh, go away!"
Mabel says: "I heard a come in!"
Robbie says: "Agh, hey!"
Robbie says: "Listen, kid."
Robbie says: "Nobody in the Pines family is welcome here."
Robbie says: "In case you forgot, your stupid brother is the one who ruined my life!"
Mabel says: "And Mabel's the one who's gonna fix it."
Mabel says: "Listen, Robbie, I always used to see you as a creepy jerk, like the human version of rat poison."
Mabel says: "But when I saw you in the cemetery today, I realized, Robbie's not a bad guy."
Mabel says: "He's just a heartbroken soul who needs love and gloves with fingers."
Robbie says: "Hey, fingerless gloves look awesome!"
Mabel says: "No they don't."
Mabel says: "Robbie, you just need a good matchmaker."
Mabel says: "I guarantee I'll find you true love or twice your sadness back."
Robbie says: "If I say yes, will you leave my room?"
Mabel says: "I guarantee it."
Cut to Mabel in her room, sitting in front of a miniature diorama of the town and its residents.
Mabel says: "Of course, that's it!"
Mabel says: "You two really are America's favorite power couple."
Cut to Thompson residence, inside the garage where Wendy and her friends and Dipper are.
Lee says: "More snacks!"
Nate says: "More snacks!"
Lee says: "More snacks!"
Nate says: "More snacks!"
Thompson says: "I'm just happy to be included—"
Wendy says: "Ha!"
Wendy says: "This is brilliant."
Wendy says: "The perfect way to sneak cheap snacks into the concert, and it was all Dipper's idea."
Lee says: "Woo!"
Nate says: "Woo!"
Lee says: "Nice."
Nate says: "Nice."
Wendy says: "Well done."
Nate says: "Ideas!"
Lee says: "Kid, I sense greatness in you."
Dipper says: "Oh, well, I don't know about—"
Lee says: "—"
Lee says: "Greatness!"
Wendy says: "Alright, now everyone go home and finish getting ready for the concert."
Nate says: "Hey, don't wait up, Tambers."
Tambry says: "Don't call me Tambers."
Nate says: "Classic Tambers."
Tambry says: ""Tambry, You."
Tambry says: "Me."
Tambry says: "Date."
Tambry says: "Bring that sweet, sweet bod."
Tambry says: "Your secret admirer."
Cut to Greasy's Diner, where Mabel is watching Robbie, who is quietly sitting in a booth.
Mabel says: "Love is about to happen, Lazy Susan."
Mabel says: "Watch and learn."
A bell rings as the door to the diner is opened. Tambry walks in and approaches the booth Robbie is sitting in.
Tambry says: "Ugh, Robbie?"
Tambry says: "You're my secret admirer?"
Robbie says: "Tambry?"
Robbie says: "Ugh, this is just what I get for trusting a toddler."
Robbie says: "Listen, I don't think this is gonna work out."
Robbie says: "Dating somebody I already know?"
Robbie says: "It's kinda like admitting defeat."
Tambry says: "Um, way to assume I'm even interested."
Robbie says: "Tambry, let's be real."
Robbie says: "If I wanted to date you I would have done it already."
Robbie says: "I'm just a little out of your league."
Tambry says: "Status update: On blind date with sociopath."
Robbie says: "Oh, sure, bring out the phone."
Robbie says: "Classic Tambers."
Robbie says: "Hey can I get some chili fries?"
Robbie says: "To go."
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "How is this possible?"
Mabel says: "I'm supposed to be the best matchmaker ever."
Chattering among the patrons. "Let's go." "It's him." The door to the diner bursts open and Love God storms in.
Love God says: "Woo-hoo!"
Love God says: "Who's ready to fall in love tonight?"
Patrons says: "Love God!"
Love God says: "What's your name, you little angel?"
Meredith says: "Meredith."
Love God says: "That cutie right there is your soul mate and you're living without him."
Meredith says: "Oh, no."
Meredith says: "What do I do?"
Love God says: "Get it, girl."
Love God says: "You know what you love."
Love God says: "Pow!"
Love God says: "Match made!"
Meredith runs towards the man, picks him up and laughs. Cut to Mabel, who is hiding behind a booth.
Mabel says: "I must know how this works."
Cut to Mabel approaching Love God, who is stuffing a large sandwich into his mouth.
Mabel says: "Hi."
Mabel says: "Love God?"
Mabel says: "Mabel here."
Mabel says: "Big fan."
Mabel says: "Can I just say, that was some of the finest matchmaking I've ever seen?"
Mabel says: "Can you please, please tell me your secret?"
Mabel says: "Oh."
Mabel says: "My."
Mabel says: "Love God."
Mabel says: "Are you an actual love god?"
Love God says: "Call me a cherub."
Love God says: "The internet pretty much does my job for me nowadays so I'm taking time to focus on my rock career."
Love God says: "Boom."
Love God says: "Cassette."
Love God says: "Boom."
Love God says: "For you."
Mabel says: "Oh!"
Mabel says: "That's..."
Mabel says: "great."
Mabel says: "So, anyway."
Mabel says: "Can you make anything fall in love?"
Mabel says: "Like that snake and that badger?"
Outside, through the window, a badger and snake are seen fighting, hissing and growling at each other.
Love God says: "Hmm, ah gee, I dunno."
Love God says: "That might be kinda hard to—"
Love God says: "Kaboom!"
Love God says: "Match made!"
The animals smile, the snake wraps itself around the badger and the badger walks away.
Mabel says: "They're gonna make a snadger."
Mabel says: "How are you doing that?"
Love God says: "Love potion, yo."
Love God says: "I got it all."
Love God says: "Summer love."
Love God says: "Young love."
Love God says: "Anti-love."
Love God says: "You just gotta put a little on your fingers and pow!"
Mabel says: "I need that potion."
Mabel says: "How much would it cost?"
Mabel says: "And will you accept squirrels as payment?"
Love God says: "Whoa, no way."
Love God says: "You might think you know what's best for people but this stuff can have major social consequences."
Love God says: "That's why it can only be used by a serious expert."
Woman says: "Love God!"
Woman says: "Sign my face!"
Mabel carefully takes a love potion off of Love God's belt as he is facing away from her and replaces the empty slot with a squirrel. She puts a finger over her mouth and shushes the squirrel as she leaves. Cut to the kitchen of the Greasy Diner, where a chef is finishing Robbie's order of fries. Mabel approaches, the love potion in her hand.
Mabel says: "Mind if I add a little something to these fries?"
Chef says: "I don't see why not."
Mabel pours the contents of the potion onto the fries. Cut to Robbie and Tambry, who receive the fries.
Robbie says: "Whoa."
Robbie says: "Did your whole thing suddenly get a lot more likable?"
Tambry says: "You don't seem as needy as I used to think you were."
Robbie says: "Hey, you wouldn't wanna maybe get outta here and, I don't know, go kiss in public a lot?"
Tambry says: "Maybe I should stare at something other than my phone for a while."
Mabel says: "Match made!"
Cut to Thompson's garage, where Wendy, Dipper, Nate, Thompson and Lee are.
Wendy says: "All right."
Wendy says: "Who's ready for the best and most overpriced day of our summer?!"
Wendy says: "!"
Thompson says: "I brought a baggie of trail mix and safety whistles, in case we get separated."
Dipper says: "Lame."
Lee says: "This kid is a champion."
Nate says: "We're just waiting on Tambry."
Nate says: "Can't leave without Tambry."
Mabel says: "Sorry, guys, but Tambry's a little busy at the moment."
Mabel says: "Wink."
Mabel says: "Wink."
Nate says: "What does that mean?"
Nate says: "Why are you winking?"
Mabel says: "Let's just say she and Robbie took a trip to Smoochville."
Mabel says: "Now everyone's happy."
Nate says: "Wait, wait."
Nate says: "Robbie and Tambry?"
Nate says: "This can't be happening."
Mabel says: "How's that?"
Nate says: "He knew I liked her!"
Nate says: "How could he do this?"
Lee says: "Whoa, hold it."
Lee says: "You like Tambry and you told Robbie but not me?"
Nate says: "You always make fun of my crushes, man."
Lee says: "That's what we do, genius."
Wendy says: "Oh, oh!"
Wendy says: "This is so like Tambry to do this."
Wendy says: "Date my ex behind my back."
Wendy says: "I'm gonna tear her highlights out."
Dipper says: "Guys, guys."
Dipper says: "Calm down."
Dipper says: "We're gonna be late for the concert."
Nate says: "Uh, news flash, kid."
Nate says: "I'm not going to the concert."
Nate says: "Not with him."
Lee says: "Hey, that won't be a problem 'cus I'm out."
Wendy says: "Me, too!"
Thompson says: "Wait!"
Thompson says: "Wait!"
Thompson says: "This group is all I have!"
Thompson says: "Don't make me go back to having no friends!"
Thompson says: "Guys!"
Mabel says: "Match made?"
Thompson says: "Wait, guys."
Thompson says: "Don't go!"
Thompson says: "Not my mailbox!"
Nate says: "Ugh."
Nate says: "Ow!"
Thompson says: "What did you just do?"
Thompson says: "I've let these guys pick on me for years to keep this group together."
Thompson says: "And now they've totally fallen apart."
Dipper says: "But we were all starting to finally hang out together."
Dipper says: "I was one of the gang."
Thompson says: "Well, unless you can break up Robbie and Tambry immediately, there is no gang."
Thompson says: "I have no more friends and neither do you."
Dipper says: "Mabel, what did I tell you about staying out of Robbie's personal life?"
Mabel says: "I know, I know."
Mabel says: "I just wanted to be a good matchmaker."
Mabel says: "I never should have gotten that love potion from the Love God."
Dipper says: "Wait, love potion?"
Dipper says: "If you did a spell, then can't you, like, undo it?"
Mabel says: "That's it!"
Mabel says: "If I undo the spell then everyone will be friends again!"
Mabel says: "But I'm gonna need your help."
Mabel says: "Also, you are not pulling off that v-neck."
Dipper says: "I know."
Mabel says: "Burn it!"
Cut to Woodstick Festival.
Man in hot air balloon says: "Whoa!"
Man in hot air balloon says: "Ha ha!"
Pan through various festival activities and then to Stan and Soos, who is sewing.
Stan says: "Balloon faster, Soos."
Stan says: "We need this thing up in the air before the festival ends."
Soos says: "Are you sure that that open flame should be that close to that dangling cloth and rope?"
Stan says: "I'm sure about everything."
Stan says: "Now lube up those engine gears with some kerosene!"
Stan says: "More kerosene!"
Cut to the Woodstick Festival entrance. Mabel and Dipper peek out from behind two trash cans trash bins. Thompson walks by, pulling Wendy, Nate and Lee towards the entrance.
Thompson says: "Uh!"
Thompson says: "Come back, guys!"
Thompson says: "Come on."
Thompson says: "The tickets were a hundred bucks."
Thompson says: "I sold my watch."
Thompson says: "You gotta come to the concert."
Wendy says: "Ew, and have to look at that?"
Wendy says: "No, thanks."
Robbie and Tambry are seen walking together, arms linked.
Dipper says: "Guys you're in public!"
Dipper says: "People can see you!"
Man says: "Love God."
Man says: "Sound check for Love God."
Love God says: "Whoa, hey, alright."
Mabel says: "Now's our chance."
The twins run to the open trunk of the van, where Love God left his belt of love potions.
Mabel says: "Let's see."
Mabel says: ""Puppy-love."
Mabel says: "" "Interspecies love."
Mabel says: "" "Love of country music."
Mabel says: "" Ew."
Mabel says: "Oh!"
Mabel says: ""Anti-love!"
Mabel says: "" "To reverse the effects of love potion simply spray on your victim and watch their heart die on the inside."
Dipper says: "Sounds good to me."
Love God says: "Hey!"
Love God says: "You're the one who's been stealing my stuff."
Love God says: "I am not loving this."
Mabel says: "I'm sorry, but I made a mistake and I have to fix it."
Love God says: "Kid, I tried to tell you."
Love God says: "This stuff is way too dangerous."
Love God says: "On my oath as a god I cannot let you—"
Love God says: "oh hey, where'd you just go?"
Mabel says: "I'm sorry Love God!"
Mabel says: "But it's for the good of my friends."
Love God says: "Come back here!"
Mabel says: "Dipper catch!"
Dipper catches the potion and runs on stage, where The Handlebar Brothers are performing, followed by Mabel and Love God.
Love God says: "Get those kids!"
The Handlebar Bros.
Standing in front of Dipper and Mabel Halt! We mustache you to move. The twins karate chop their mustaches, causing the brothers to butt heads and fall to the ground.
Mabel says: "Ooh!"
Mabel says: "Thank you."
Dipper says: "Agh!"
Dipper says: "No, no, no."
Dipper says: "Everyone is touching everything!"
Love God says: "Oh."
Love God says: "I haven't had to use these in a long time."
Love God continues to chase the twins. They past through a booth with Sprott drinking cider. When Sprott sees them, he pours half of his cider to the ground.
Mabel says: "Dipper, look."
Mabel says: "Just one clean shot to the back of their heads and everything's fixed."
Love God says: "Sorry, kids, but you've left me no choice."
Love God says: "Visions of heartbreak past!"
Gabe says: "We're back Mabel."
Sev'ral Timez says: "We like you now."
Boy from "Tourist Trapped".
Yes. Definitely. Absolutely!
Mabel says: "Sure you can all marry me."
Mabel says: "Oh, guy from the $10 bill, I forgot I had a crush on you."
Dipper says: "Dang it, Mabel."
Dipper says: "They're not real."
Mermando says: "Just give us the bottle, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Mabel don't!"
Cut to Stan and Soos. Soos is still fixing up the balloon and Stan is staring at the blueprints.
Stan says: "It's finally done."
Stan says: "When these idiots see this balloon, they'll understand that I love young people."
Stan says: ""I heart kids."
Stan says: "" All right."
Stan says: "Let 'er rip."
Stan says: "What the H?!"
Stan says: "!"
Cut to the crowd. The Stan balloon looms overhead, now reading "I EAT KIDS." People begin shouting and screaming.
Teen 1.
I eat kids? But we're kids!
Teen 2.
It's heaven's punishment for our terrible taste in everything!
The balloon begins to malfunction, sets fire and plummets towards a young boy and his mother who are sitting on a picnic blanket.
Charlie says: "Mommy, is the floating head going to eat us?"
Charlie's mother says: "Yes, Charlie."
Charlie's mother says: "Yes he will."
Cut back to Mabel, who is surrounded by visions of heartbreak past.
Dipper says: "Mabel it's a trick."
Dipper says: "Don't give him the—"
Mabel says: "Ugh!"
Mabel says: "Curse my over-sized heart."
Love God says: "Sorry, kids, but that's what happens when you mess with a god."
Love God says: "Only a greater being from the heavens themselves could possibly stop—"
Man says: "It's coming down!"
Love God says: "Whoa!"
The balloon lands on Love God, causing him to drop the potion. A crowd gathers around the balloon as a man hoses it off. Mr. and Mrs. Valentino are watching from a distance.
Mr. Valentino says: "Oh, no."
Mr. Valentino says: "I hope someone didn't die."
Mrs. Valentino says: "Yes, that would be awful."
Cut to Soos says: "Stan: What's everybody crying about?"
Stan says: "Stan: What's everybody crying about?"
Cut to Soos says: "In my day zeppelins fell from the sky like raindrops."
Stan says: "In my day zeppelins fell from the sky like raindrops."
Teen 2.
It's him! The horrible old man from the sky! People shrieking.
Stan says: "You know what?"
Stan says: "Being loved by the youth is overrated."
Stan says: "Being feared, now that's priceless."
Dipper says: "Love God?"
Dipper says: "Are you okay?"
Mabel says: "Please be immortal."
Mabel says: "Please be immortal."
Love God says: "Dude."
Love God says: "I am so over this."
Announcer says: "Love God to the stage."
Announcer says: "Love God to the stage."
Love God says: "Agh, look kid."
Love God says: "Take it, okay."
Love God says: "Spray everyone for all I care."
Love God says: "You wanna mess with peoples' lives?"
Love God says: "You wanna play god?"
Love God says: "Do it."
Love God says: "'Cus I'm sick of it."
Love God says: "Medic!"
Love God says: "I need onion rings..."
Cut to Mabel and Dipper hiding behind a bush that Robbie and Tambry are sitting in front of.
Dipper says: "Okay, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Now's our chance."
Dipper says: "They break up and the whole friend group gets back together."
As Mabel is pointing the potion towards Robbie and Tambry reluctantly, Robbie turns around and sees Mabel. Dipper hides as Mabel hides the potion behind her.
Robbie says: "Mabel!"
Robbie says: "Mabel, I just wanted to thank you."
Robbie says: "I've been so miserable since Wendy broke up with me that I thought my life was over, but you were right."
Robbie says: "I just needed to move on."
Robbie says: "I'm..."
Robbie says: "happy?"
Robbie says: "Weird, huh?"
Mabel says: "Dipper, maybe we shouldn't do this."
Mabel says: "I mean, every time we play with peoples' fates it's only made things worse."
Dipper says: "They are kinda perfect for each other in a gross kinda way."
Dipper says: "But what about our friend group?"
Mabel says: "Well, maybe it'll sort itself out."
Mabel says: "I mean, there's gotta be something that could bring everyone back together."
Cut to Thompson, who is wearing a jacket and hat to cover the snacks he is hiding and is holding a cake.
Thompson says: "Guys, I made a friendship cake."
Thompson says: "So let's all get over this, okay?"
Security Guard 1.
Hey! Food from the outside! They chase after Thompson, who screams and runs.
Security Guard 2.
Get him!
Cut to the rest of the gang.
Lee says: "Whoa!"
Lee says: "Hey, look!"
Wendy says: "Is that Thompson?"
Briefly cut to Thompson, who is hugging onto a utility pole. Security guard 2 blows a whistle as Security guard 1 beats Thompson with a broom. Thompson grunts as he is struck. Whistle blowing and Thompson grunting. Back to the group. All laughing.
Nate says: "Yeah, fight the machine Thompson!"
Wendy says: "Throw snacks at 'em!"
Robbie says: "Use jerky as a weapon!"
Nate says: "Thompson!"
All but Dipper says: "Thompson!"
Mabel says: "Thompson!"
A broom is swung at him and he cries out as he falls off, grabbing a rope and dangling down as the two security guards beat him like a piñata with a broom and a large stick. The gang continues to cheer him on with the exception of Dipper, Mabel and Robbie. Cut to Nate and Lee. Lee stops chanting and then Nate does. Lee playfully punches Nate's shoulder and Nate does the same. Cut to Tambry and Wendy, with Lee and Nate now cheering again. Tambry stops cheering and smiles apologetically at Wendy. Wendy stops and does the same. Robbie smiles at Wendy and she smiles back apologetically.
Mabel says: "I think every just might be all right."
Dipper says: "Maybe someone up there really is a genius matchmaker."
Cut to Thompson who is on the top of the utility pole, smiling at his friends.
Thompson says: "All according to plan."
Cut to credits. "Goat and a Pig" plays as various pictures of Gompers and Waddles wedding and life as a couple are shown.
Singing.
A goat and a pig. A couple of livestock living their lives stuck together in harmony. A pig and a goat, showing the world that a pig and a goat can be family. Love's so strong, love's so big. Such a beautiful goat and a pig. Bound in matrimony now and forever. Shopping for groceries and buying a condo and filing their taxes together. Goat and a pig, goat and a pig.