The episode opens on the sky, where the sun is shining, then pans down to a view of the outside of the Mystery Shack.
Toby Determined says: "Watch out, Gravity Falls, because at a 110 degrees, we're looking at the hottest day of the summer!"
A squirrel runs into frame and erupts into flames. Cut to inside the Mystery Shack. Wax Stan melts, the wallpaper curls and peels off by itself, and water in the fish tank boils due to the heat. Cuts to Mabel, Dipper, Stan, and Soos in the living room, having stripped down to their undergarments, not quite enjoying the heat.
Dipper Pines says: "All in favor of doing nothing all day say "ugh."
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Mabel says: "Ugh."
Stan says: "Ugh."
Soos says: "Ugh."
Waddles walks up to Stan.
Stan Pines says: "I'm gonna throw this pig out of the house!"
Waddles oinks and licks Stan.
Stan says: "You called my bluff, pig."
Toby says: "On the bright side, pun very much intended, it's opening week at the Gravity Falls Pool."
Mabel Pines says: "Gravity Falls Pool?"
Dipper says: "Today?"
Soos Ramirez says: "Pun intended?"
Stan says: "Quick!"
Stan says: "To the car!"
Stan tries to get up, but is stuck to the floor.
Stan says: "Hey, kids, a little help here?"
Mabel and Dipper pull out spatulas and attempt to release Stan from the floor. Soos shudders.
Stan says: "Alright!"
Stan says: "Off to the pool!"
Stan turns around, and reveals that the twins removed the wood from the floor when breaking him free. Then he goes off screen.
Toby says: "And remember to be on alert for random wildfires!"
Stan says: "Aaaah!"
Mabel says: "He'll be fine."
Cuts to theme song.
Mabel says: "Ah, the pool!"
Mabel says: "A sparkling oasis of summer enchantment!"
Stan says: "Yeah, nothing like sitting in a moist tub with strangers."
Stan says: "It's like the bus, but wet."
Dipper says: "Why would a sun need to wear sunglasses?"
Soos says: "It's best not to think about it."
Mabel says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Mabel says: "Stop the presses!"
Mabel says: "Who's that?"
Mabel looks at a handsome young man whose hair is blowing in the wind.
Soos says: "Oh, yeah."
Mabel says: "Is it getting hot out here or is it just that guy?"
Dipper says: "It's the hottest day of the year, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Besides, can't you go for one week without having a new crush on some random guy?"
Mabel says: "Uh-uh."
Mabel says: "Look at his little mustache hairs!"
Soos says: "You are clearly enamored."
Soos says: "Go to him."
Mabel runs across the pool, but trips across a bucket and stumbles on two men in lawn chairs.
Man 1.
Hey, come on!
Man 2.
Watch it kid!
Mabel says: "Aaah!"
Mabel says: "Oops, sorry."
Soos says: "It's so beautiful!"
Dipper says: "Eh, Mabel's all talk."
Dipper says: "You wanna know a secret?"
Dipper says: "She's never even kissed a guy before."
Dipper says: "She always messes it up somehow."
Stan says: "Oi."
Stan says: "Women."
Stan says: "Aaah!"
Wendy Corduroy says: "Hey, Mr."
Wendy Corduroy says: "Pines!"
Stan says: "Wendy?"
Stan says: "Where's the lifeguard?"
Wendy says: "I am the lifeguard."
Wendy says: "I make the rules, sucka!"
Wendy says: "Boosh!"
Stan says: "Aah!"
Stan says: "She's attacking me with water!"
Wendy, Soos, and Dipper laugh.
Dipper says: "Wow."
Dipper says: "You work here?"
Wendy says: "I found out lifeguards get free snack privileges."
Wendy says: "Plus I get the best seat in the house."
Dipper says: "Yeah, you do!"
Dipper says: "I've been laughing for too long..."
Soos says: "Dude, are you and Wendy having a secret staring contest?"
Soos says: "'Cause I think you're winning—"
Dipper says: "Soos!"
Dipper says: "Shh!"
Dipper says: "So, hey, you wanna go chuck more water balloons at Grunkle Stan?"
Wendy says: "I'd love to, but I gotta spend the day doing tryouts."
Wendy says: "We're looking for a new assistant lifeguard."
Dipper says: "Hey,  What if I was the assistant lifeguard?"
Wendy says: "That would be so much fun!"
Wendy says: "You're totally in, dude!"
Wendy says: "You just have to check in with my boss first, Mr."
Wendy says: "Poolcheck."
Dipper says: "Your boss?"
It shows a masculine man doing push ups with his index fingers. He turns in Dipper's direction; Dipper gasps.
Cuts to the boy Mabel was attracted to. He's drinking lemonade. Suddenly, Mabel bursts out of the water.
Mabel says: "Wow!"
Mabel says: "Oh my gosh, how crazy bumping into you even though we don't know each other!"
Mermando says: "How long have you been underwater?"
Mabel says: "That doesn't matter!"
Mabel says: "So, hey!"
Mabel says: "My name's Mabel."
Mermando says: "Hola."
Mabel says: "Whoa!"
Mabel says: "Are you Australian?"
Mermando says: "I am charmed by your sense of humor."
Mermando says: "And your bold lack of water-wings!"
Mabel says: "You're so funny!"
Mabel says: "And your hair is beautiful..."
Mermando says: "No, no it has silly tangles!"
Mabel says: "Mind if I..."
Mermando says: "Why, Mabel."
Mermando says: "You are so forward."
Mabel says: "So, hey, you wanna go dry off?"
Mabel says: "Maybe hit the snack bar or—"
Mabel says: "?"
Mermando says: "I-I'm afraid I cannot!"
Mermando says: "For I have a terrible secret!"
Mermando says: "I must go."
He swims off, leaving Mabel by herself.
Mabel says: "I'm upset."
Mabel says: "Yet intrigued!"
Cuts to Dipper talking to Mr. Poolcheck.
Dipper says: "And that is why I think I'd make a good lifeguard assistant."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Hmm..."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "SPF 100?"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Good, I like you."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "But this isn't an easy job."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "It's anarchy out there."
It shows the pool being perfectly calm.
Dipper says: "I think I can handle it."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Can you handle this?!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "I lost my hand to a pool filter."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "The pool may seem friendly, but she can turn on you in an instant."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Which is why you must respect her rules!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Do you think you have what it takes, boy?"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Do you?!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "!"
Dipper looks at Wendy, who is giving him a thumbs up.
Dipper says: "Sure."
Dipper says: "I guess."
Mr. Poolcheck puts a whistle around Dipper's neck.
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Welcome to the deep end, son."
Dipper says: "Well, thanks, I—"
Dipper says: "Yep."
Dipper says: "Oh, this is happening."
Cut to Stan and Soos walking by the pool.
Stan says: "There she is, Soos."
Stan says: "Equidistant from the snack bar and the bathroom."
Stan says: "Just the right amount of sun and shade."
Stan says: "And pointed away from where Old Man McGucket lotions himself."
Old Man McGucket says: "Whoo-wee!"
Stan says: "The perfect lawn chair."
Soos says: "The legends that you told me in the car were true."
Stan says: "I just can't believe it wasn't already taken."
Stan says: "And now to sit on it, thereby claiming it as my own."
Stan sits down, but a foot rests on his back just as he does.
Stan says: "What?!"
Stan says: "!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "Why, hello Stanford."
Stan says: "Gideon!"
Stan says: "Get outta my chair, kid!!"
Gideon says: "Oh my, was this your chair."
Gideon says: "I had no idea."
Gideon says: "Yes I did, Stan, I knew."
Stan says: "Move it, you little troll!"
Gideon says: "First come, first serve!"
Stan says: "I'll first serve you!"
Stan picks up Gideon; suddenly the whistle blows. Cuts to Stan in pool jail.
Stan says: "Come on, Wendy!"
Stan says: "You can't do this to an old man!"
Wendy says: "Sorry, Stan, it's not up to me."
Wendy says: "Actually, it is."
Dipper says: "Hey, Wendy, I got the job!"
Wendy says: "Sweet!"
Wendy says: "Wanna go abuse our power?"
Dipper says: "But what if Poolcheck catches us?"
Dipper says: "He seems emotionally unstable."
Cuts to Mr. Poolcheck doing sit-ups on the chain-link fence.
Wendy says: "Nah, don't worry, man."
Wendy says: "You just gotta be sneaky about your rule-breaking."
Wendy says: "Race you to the no running sign!"
Dipper runs after her, but then sees Poolcheck, who is drinking water from the pool. Mr. Poolcheck looks at him and licks the extra water off his face. Dipper then slows down.
Cuts back to pool jail.
Kid 1.
How long you in for?
Stan says: "Two hours for roughhousing, but I'm innocent!"
Kid 2.
Pool jail ain't so bad... as long as you don't wind up in solitary.
Cuts to a kid trapped inside a pool vent.
Pool Jail kid says: "It's the nights that are the hardest."
Cuts back to Mermando. Mabel comes out of the water, but then drops under again when Mermando looks her direction. Again, Mabel appears, but ducks yet again when Mermando thinks he hears her. Mabel then pops out of the water.
Mabel says: "Hey there!"
Mabel says: "I brought you a sandwich."
Mabel says: "It's sort of wet, but it's still good."
Mabel says: "Blop."
Mabel puts the sandwich on Mermando's inflatable raft.
Mabel says: "I like sharing things."
Mabel says: "Sandwiches, secrets."
Mabel says: "Share your secret, beautiful stranger."
Mermando says: "That wet sandwich does look delicious."
Mermando's hair blows in the wind.
Mermando says: "Oh, very well."
Mermando says: "But you must never tell another living soul my terrible secret."
Mabel nods.
Mermando says: "You have to stay away from me because I am..."
Mermando pushes his inflatable raft away from him.
Mermando says: "..."
Mermando says: "A merman."
Mabel says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Mabel says: "I thought you were gonna say you had a girlfriend!"
Cuts to commercial break.
Mabel says: "A merman..."
Mabel says: "ha!"
Mabel says: "I should have known from your strange foreign fish language."
Mermando says: "It is Spanish."
Mabel says: "Your voice is so deep and masculine..."
Mabel says: "how old are you?"
Mermando says: "I am 12 years old."
Mermando says: "Merman's voices change when we are, like, 3."
Mabel says: "So what's your name?"
Merman says: "There are some who call me..."
Merman says: "Mermando!"
Merman says: "This is because Mermando is my name."
Mabel says: "But I don't understand Mermando."
Mabel says: "What's a guy like you doing in a public pool?"
Mermando says: "It is a tragic story, Mabel."
A flashback backs.
Mermando Narrating.
I was swimming with my friends, the mighty dolphins, in the Gulf of Mexico, when I was ensnared!
Flashback Mermando is seen swimming with dolphins until he is caught in a fishing net and brought up next to a boat.
Davey says: "Earl, did we just catch ourselves some kind of beautiful man-fish?"
Earl says: "Let's feast on his flesh."
Mermando Narrating.
The cargo was headed for Gravity Falls.
Flashback Mermando opens up the back of a truck and hops into the lake.
Mermando Narrating.
Using all my strength, I tried to escape back home, but it was not to be.
Flashback Mermando swims up a waterfall. When he reaches the top, he laughs, but suddenly, a log hits him in the face. He falls and lands into the forest surrounding the lake. He spits a tooth out.
Mermando Narrating.
I would have died of dehydration, were if not for the kindness of the forest animals.
Flashback deer come up to flashback Mermando and start licking him.
Mermando Flashback.
Laughs Continue licking! Oh!
Flashback Mermando falls down a pipe, through the forest, over the fence of the Gravity Falls pool, and into the pool. He gasps for air.
The flashback ends.
Mermando says: "But now that you know what I am, you must be seriously weirded out."
Mabel says: "What?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Mabel says: "I don't care that you're a merman."
Mabel says: "You're, like, the coolest guy I've ever met."
Mabel says: "And you can play at least one chord on the guitar."
Mermando says: "Oh, Mabel, I have never met another human like you."
Mermando says: "Would you care to join me in a game of the Marco Polo?"
Mabel says: "Oh, yes, Mermando!"
Mabel says: "Yes!"
Mabel crushes Mermando in a hug.
Mermando says: "You are covering my gills."
Mermando says: "I cannot breathe."
Mabel quickly lets go. Mermando gasps.
Mabel says: "Weird."
Cuts to Gideon putting sunscreen on himself on the lawn chair Stan wanted.
Gideon says: "Ooh!"
Gideon says: "My cheeks are baby soft."
Cuts to Stan watching Gideon from afar.
Stan says: "Look at him, that smug chair stealing jerk!"
Stan says: "But I can't touch him, or the pool patrol will throw me in pool jail."
Stan says: "Hmm..."
The light of the sun hits Stan's watch.
Stan says: "Ah!"
Stan makes an attempt to shine the light on his watch at Gideon.
Stan says: "Yes."
Stan says: "Yes!"
Stan says: "Burn the child..."
Gideon holds up his goggles, which bounces the light back into Stan's eyes.
Stan says: "Aah!"
Stan says: "My eyes!"
Stan falls into the pool.
Cuts to Soos putting on an inflatable duck.
Duck says: "Soos."
Soos says: "Inflatable duck guy, is that you?"
Duck says: "Yes, Soos, I can talk."
Soos says: "Oh my gosh, I knew you guys were secretly alive."
Soos says: "I knew it!"
Wendy and Dipper are around the corner with a megaphone, looking at Soos, as they are the ones making the inflatable duck talk. They laugh and tell each other to shush quietly.
Duck says: "My people have been enslaved, Soos."
Duck says: "You must free us."
Soos says: "The inflatable pool duck revolution is at hand."
Dipper and Wendy laugh, but suddenly they hear a whistle.
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Pool's closing!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Clear out everyone!"
Dipper says: "Poolcheck!"
Wendy says: "Hide!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Out!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Do not touch!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Assistant Lifeguard!"
Dipper stops, incredibly nervous.
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Have a good night, son."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Lock up the supplies for me."
Poolcheck takes off his hand and pats it a couple of times. A pair of keys come out of it, which Dipper nervously takes and locks up the supplies with.
Cuts to Mabel and Mermando brushing each others hair, when the whistle blows.
Mermando says: "The pool, she closes."
Mermando says: "Can I see you tonight?"
Mabel says: "Sure."
Mabel says: "Where?"
Mabel says: "Wanna go for a walk?"
Mermando says: "Merman."
Mermando says: "I am a merman."
Mabel says: "Oh, right."
Mabel says: "Then I'll be back tonight."
At night, Mabel drives the golf cart to the pool. She climbs up the fence with a landing net. Mabel goes in the pool with Mermando.
Mabel says: "Look!"
Mabel says: "Here's a scrapbook of human stuff."
Mabel says: "Here's me standing with my legs."
Mabel says: "And here I am kicking Dipper in his legs."
Mabel says: "He couldn't move his legs after that!"
Mabel says: "Can you imagine?"
Mabel says: "Not having legs?"
Mermando says: "Let's skip this part."
Mabel says: "And here's my whole family kick boxing!"
Mabel says: "What's wrong?"
Mermando takes his guitar out and plays it, but it doesn't sound well. He angrily pours the water out and starts to talk.
Mermando says: "I too, used to have a family once."
Mermando says: "back in the ocean."
Mabel says: "Mermando, why don't you just leave the pool?"
Mermando says: "I've tried only once, but escaping this pool required a plan that was bold and daring."
Cuts to Mermando's past memory he tried to escape. He jumps out the pool but he doesn't gets far and flaps for water. He hits chairs, a parasol, and gets hit by a wood pecker. Then he rolls into the pool.
Mermando says: "And then the wolves came."
Mermando says: "No, I'm glad that I'm here, 'cause I met you."
Next to Mermando a shooting star falls down.
Mermando says: "What are you doing with your mouth?"
Mabel says: "Me?"
Mabel says: "Nothing."
Mabel says: "This?"
Mabel says: "I was eating some sour candy."
Mabel says: "So my lips were doing that."
Mabel says: "The candy was so sour."
Mermando says: "Can I have some candy?"
Mabel says: "No."
It becomes daytime. Sheriff Blubs and Deputy Durland are putting suncreams on. Then, Sheriff Blubs gets trapped by a life saver fallen from the top.
Sheriff Blubs says: "Wha-what the?"
Deputy Durland gets trapped too.
Deputy Durland says: "I'm scared!"
Blubs says: "Me too!"
The camera pans up showing Wendy and Dipper were throwing the life savers.
Dipper says: "One hundred points!"
Wendy says: "Dude!"
Wendy says: "With this job, you and me are gonna be havin' fun all summer!"
Dipper says: "All summer?"
Mr. Poolcheck blows a whistle.
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Pines!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Here!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Now!"
Cut to Dipper says: "Mr."
Mr. Poolcheck in front the pool supplies building says: "Mr."
Cut to Dipper says: "Poolcheck: You gave me your word that you would respect the safety rules of this pool!"
Mr. Poolcheck in front the pool supplies building says: "Poolcheck: You gave me your word that you would respect the safety rules of this pool!"
Dipper says: "Mr."
Dipper says: "Poolcheck?"
Dipper says: "Are you crying?"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "That's not important right now!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "You are on thin ice, boy!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "You wanna keep this job?"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Well, some maniac broke in to the supplies closet last night and destroyed our one and only pool skimmer!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "I want you on a stakeout."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "If one more supply gets taken, you're fired!"
Dipper says: "I won't let you down!"
Cut to Mabel and Mermando at the pool.
Mabel says: "Mermando, get ready!"
Mabel says: "I'm gonna BRING THE HEAT!"
Mermando gets hit by the ball sadly.
Mabel says: "Mermando, are you okay?"
Mermando swims to Mabel.
Mabel says: "Oh, it's your family, isn't it?"
Mabel says: "Are you thinking about them?"
Mermando makes a dolphin sound says: "Mabel: Mermando, enough is enough!"
Mermando makes a dolphin sound says: "I care about you too much to see you like this."
Mermando makes a dolphin sound says: "We're ganna bust you out of here and get you back to your family."
Mermando says: "But Mabel!"
Mermando says: "Escape is impossible."
Mabel says: "We're breaking you out of here tonight!"
Mabel hits the water which splashes.
Mabel says: "Oops!"
Mabel says: "Sorry about that."
Mabel says: "Water."
At night, Dipper guards the pool.
Dipper says: "Alright, Dipper, here's the plan."
Dipper says: "Catch the trespasser, protect the supplies, keep job at pool, and eventually marry Wendy."
Dipper says: "Freeze!"
Dipper turns to the place where the sound is heard. It turns out to be Stan cutting the fence.
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan?"
Stan says: "I-uh, I'm sleep walking!"
Stan says: "Also now I'm sleep talking."
Stan says: "Nice hat, by the way."
Dipper says: "You!"
Dipper says: "You're the one destroying pool supplies!"
Stan says: "What?"
Stan says: "No!"
Stan says: "My crime is a lot better than that."
Stan says: "I'm gonna get that seat and be ready at the morning when Gideon comes."
Stan says: "And maybe I'll destory some pool supplies."
Stan says: "Night's still young."
Dipper blows the whistle.
Stan says: "Yeesh, alright, I'm goin'!"
Stan walks a little, then runs to the pool.
Dipper says: "Hey!"
Dipper follows after him. Then, from a bush, Mabel appers in a golfcart. Mermando notices Mabel by the lights.
Mermando says: "Mabel!"
Mabel says: "Are you ready to see your family?"
Mermando says: "Yes, but how can I, a merman, possibly escape?"
Mabel says: "Okay, my original plan was to tape together a bunch fish sticks to make you a prosthetic pair of people legs."
Mermando says: "Intriguing."
Mabel says: "But then I realized that I could just transport you in this cooler."
Mermando leaps out of the pool. After a pause, he hops into the cooler.
Dipper says: "Hey!"
Dipper says: "Who's there!"
Mermando says: "Quick!"
Mermando says: "Hide me!"
Mermando says: "My kind must not be seen!"
Dipper says: "Mabel?"
Dipper says: "Is there anyone not breaking into the pool tonight?"
Dipper says: "What, is Soos here too?"
Soos says: "I'm okay."
Dipper says: "Go home, Soos."
Soos says: "You got it."
Dipper says: "So, why are you here?"
Mabel says: "Uh, no reason."
Dipper says: "Did that cooler just clear its throat?"
Mabel says: "Don't be silly."
Mabel says: "There certainly isn't a merman in there, if that's what you're implying."
Mabel says: "Who said anything about a merman?"
Dipper says: "Mabel, I don't have time for your games."
Dipper says: "If you don't give me those supplies, I'll lose the coolest job ever!"
Mabel says: "I understand."
Mabel says: "Hey, look!"
Mabel says: "Wendy in a bikini!"
Dipper says: "Really?"
Dipper says: "At night?"
Mabel says: "Sorry, Dipper!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Pool Jail kid says: "Go, Mabel, go!"
Pool Jail kid says: "We can't all be saved."
Mabel says: "I'm gonna get you home!"
Dipper says: "Hand over the pool supplies in the name of pool law!"
Mabel says: "Pool law is dumb!"
Mabel says: "And so is your hat!"
Dipper continues to fire the water balloons at the golf cart. Mabel dodges them.
Mabel says: "Look!"
Mabel says: "Gravity Falls lake!"
Cut back to the pool. Stan comes out from the bathroom.
Stan says: "The coast is clear."
Stan says: "Now all I have to do is wait here 15 hours until the pool opens..."
Stan says: "This was a good plan."
Cut back to Dipper chasing Mabel.
Blubs says: "I think someone just sped by."
Durland says: "Probably just a dream."
Blubs says: "With you, every day is a dream."
Dipper fires another water balloon at the cooler, causing the water to be drenched.
Mermando says: "I cannot breathe!"
Mermando says: "You must hurry!"
Mabel drives the cart towards the lake, then hits the brakes, causing her to fall off the cart.
Mabel says: "I'm okay."
Dipper says: "Alright, the jig is up!"
Dipper says: "Hand over that cooler!"
Mabel says: "Never!"
Dipper says: "Why not?"
Dipper says: "Why do you even need it?"
Mabel says: "I needed the cooler to save my new friend because he needs to go home and he's really nice and we combed each others' hair and he needs to be in the cooler because he breathes water because he's a merman!"
Mermando says: "Hola."
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "Way to bury the lede, Mabel."
Mabel says: "Dipper, Mermando the merman."
Mabel says: "He's a merman."
Mermando says: "Nice to meet you."
Mermando says: "Also, I think I am dying."
Mermando says: "Water!"
Mermando says: "Agua!"
Mermando says: "Yo necesito!"
Mabel says: "Oh, no!"
Mabel says: "Mermando!"
Mabel says: "Dipper, you're a lifeguard!"
Mabel says: "Give him CPR!"
Dipper says: "Mermen don't breathe air!"
Mabel says: "Then give him reverse CPR!"
Mabel says: "Doi!"
Dipper runs to the pool car and grabs a bottle of water. He runs back and leans over Mermando and steals himself. He squirts water into his mouth and starts resuscitating Mermando through mouth-to-mouth.
Dipper says: "I hate this!"
Dipper says: "I hate this!"
Mabel says: "Blackmail!"
Mermando says: "Thank you for saving me, But why didn't you just roll me into the lake?"
Dipper smacks his forehead.
Cut to the twins helping Mermando into the water.
Mermando says: "I am weak from coughing."
Mermando says: "How will I get my family to hear my call from the mighty depths of the ocean?"
Mabel says: "I've got it."
Mabel says: "BRB."
Mabel says: "Problem solved!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, those are pool supplies."
Dipper says: "I'll get fired!"
Mabel says: "Dipper!"
Mabel says: "Don't you know what it's like to fall for someone?"
Mabel says: "Even though you know in your heart that it'll probably never work out, but you'd do anything for that person?"
Dipper says: "Give Mermando the megaphone."
Mabel says: "Thanks, Dip."
Mermando says: "Mabel, I have never met anyone like you."
Mabel says: "Same here."
Mabel says: "Except for a zombie, a gnome, and a couple of cute vampires."
Dipper says: "I don't remember the vampires."
Mabel says: "I don't tell you everything."
Mabel says: "Well, Mermando, I guess this is it."
Mermando says: "Not quite."
Mermando says: "This is!"
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "Okay, that's gross."
Dipper says: "Ugh."
Mabel says: "That was my first kiss!"
Mabel says: "Hey, it was also kind of your first kiss too, huh?"
Mabel says: "Huh?"
Dipper says: "Please don't involve me in this."
Mabel says: "Goodbye, Mermando."
Mermando says: "Goodbye, Mabel."
Mabel says: "You did the right thing, Dipper."
Dipper says: "Yeah, yeah."
Mabel says: "Oh, wait, wait!"
Mabel says: "One last thing!"
Mabel says: "Yes!"
Mabel says: "I've always wanted to do that."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "A wrecked fence, dents in the pool mobile, And a missing megaphone?"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Who is responsible for this?!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "!"
Dipper says: "It's my fault, sir."
Dipper says: "I'm sorry."
Dipper says: "I got in too deep."
Mr. Poolcheck says: "Hand over the whistle, boy!"
Dipper hands Poolcheck the whistle, who then proceeds to put it in his mouth and crushes it with his teeth. Dipper slowly backs away.
Poolcheck says: "If one more thing goes wrong today—"
Soos throws the inflatable ducks over the fence says: "Soos: You're free now!"
Soos throws the inflatable ducks over the fence says: "Free!"
Soos throws the inflatable ducks over the fence says: "Inflatable ducks unite!"
Mr. Poolcheck says: "You!"
Soos says: "Huh?"
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Git 'em!"
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Git 'em!"
Cut to Dipper walking away sadly. Suddenly, a water balloon hits his face.
Wendy says: "Hey, doofus, you'll never guess what happened."
Wendy says: "I just got fired."
Dipper says: "What?"
Dipper says: "Really?"
Wendy says: "Yeah."
Wendy says: "I guess Poolcheck found out I was taking too many snacks."
Dipper says: "How many?"
Wendy lifts her hat and reveals a stack of Corncorno packs. Dipper laughs.
Wendy says: "Hey, wanna go break rules somewhere else?"
Dipper says: "Of course!"
Mabel is sitting by the pool, sighs. Then a bottle pops out from the vents.
Mermando says: "Our first kiss will always hold a place in my heart."
Mermando says: "Technically hearts."
Mermando says: "As a merman I have, like, 17 hearts."
Mermando says: "Horrifying but true!"
Mermando says: "More bottles on the way!"
Bottles appear says: "Gideon: Stanford!"
Mabel giggles says: "Gideon: Stanford!"
Bottles appear says: "Well, guess you've won."
Mabel giggles says: "Well, guess you've won."
Bottles appear says: "Put 'er there."
Mabel giggles says: "Put 'er there."
Stan says: "Hey!"
Stan says: "What the—"
Gideon says: "Unless perhaps I predicted your plan, and coated the entire chair with glue last night!"
Gideon says: "Enjoy your chair..."
Gideon says: "forever."
Stan says: "Kids, get the spatulas!"
Stan says: "Kids!"
Cut to end credits says: "Pool jail boy stares up at the sky from his prison as the seasons pass."
Cut to end credits says: "In nighttime on 4th of July, fireworks explode as the boy wave a mini US flag with one star 'á la sticker' wave: End."