Opens to a shot of the Mystery Shack. Dipper Pines and Waddles are sitting on the couch watching television and eating cereal.
Stan Pines says: "Who wants Stan-cakes?"
Stan Pines says: "They're like pancakes, but they probably have some of my hair in 'em."
Dipper Pines says: "Pass."
Stan says: ""Pacifica Northwest declares v-neck the look of the season!"
Stan says: "" What am I looking at here?"
Mabel says: "Woah, woah, WHAT?!"
Mabel says: "!"
The newspaper reads "GREATEST THING OF THE SUMMER!", and shows a portrait of Pacifica Northwest, with the caption "PACIFICA NORTHWEST.".
Dipper says: "Looks like someone bought their way to the front page."
Stan says: "Is it legal for a child to wear that much make-up?"
Mabel says: "Ugh, Pacifica!"
Mabel says: "She always ruins everything!"
Dipper says: "Aw, cheer up Mabel!"
Dipper says: "I mean, no one even reads newspapers anymore."
Soos Ramirez says: "Must..."
Soos Ramirez says: "follow..."
Soos Ramirez says: "newspaper..."
Mabel says: "Aack!"
Mabel says: "I need something to get my mind off this."
Cut to television.
Commercial Announcer says: "Looking for a distraction from your horrible life?"
Mabel says: "Why yes!"
Commercial Announcer says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Commercial Announcer says: "These old-timey sounding words are alive and well at the Gravity Falls Royal Discount Putt Hutt!"
Dipper says: "Hey, Mabel!"
Dipper says: "You love mini-golf!"
Dipper says: "She's been amazing at it since we were kids!"
Dipper says: "What do you say, Mabel?"
Dipper says: "We've had a stressful couple of days."
Dipper says: "How 'bout we take a break, huh?"
Stan says: "Would kicking all our butts at mini-golf cheer you up?"
Mabel says: "Maybe a little."
Dipper says: "Come on, Mabel!"
Dipper says: "Victory!"
Mabel says: "Honor!"
Stan says: "Destiny!"
Soos says: "Mutton!"
Dipper says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Mabel says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Stan says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Soos says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Dipper says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Mabel says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Stan says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Soos says: "Victory, honor, destiny, mutton!"
Soos says: "And the pig can look after the house!"
The door shuts; Waddles is on the couch.
Cut to theme song. Cut to a shot of Ye Royal Discount Putt Hutt. Dipper, Mabel, Stan, and Soos walk in.
Soos says: "Woohoo!"
Mabel says: "Woah!"
Dipper says: "Wow!"
Stan says: "Woah!"
Cut to a view of the course.
Mabel says: "Ahh, mini-golf!"
Mabel says: "The sport of mini champions!"
Dipper says: "The grass is fake, but the fun is real!"
Dipper says: "There's something here for everyone!"
Mattress King says: "Hey, you!"
Mattress King says: "Stop!"
Mattress King says: "Come back here!"
Mattress King says: "Hey, those are lewd hand gestures!"
Cut to Dipper, Mabel, Stan, and Soos at a hole.
Mabel says: "Don't worry, bro!"
Mabel says: "You're still,  Eh!"
Mabel says: ""Ext-roar-dinary"!"
Dipper says: "I'll take what I can get."
Old Man McGucket says: "Wha?"
Old Man McGucket says: "How'd I get here?"
Mabel says: "Yes!"
Stan says: "Holy smokes!"
Stan says: "Someone in our family actually has talent!"
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan, you ain't seen nothing yet!"
Cut to scenes of Mabel hitting her ball into various holes, and a song plays throughout in a musical montage. Stan gives Mabel a thumbs up.
Voice over says: "She's so good, yeah!"
Voice over says: "Look at her hit that ball!"
Voice over says: "She's got lot of skills!"
Voice over says: "Take that ball into that hole!"
Cut to a flag reading "18". A crowd forms around Dipper, Stan, and Soos.
Dipper says: "Guys, this is amazing!"
Dipper says: "If Mabel gets a hole in one here, she'll beat her all-time high score!"
Mabel says: "Aw, nuts!"
Crowd says: "Aw, man!"
Crowd says: "Well that didn't work!"
Crowd says: "Oh yes, she's all done playing!"
Stan says: "Ah, don't worry about it kid!"
Stan says: "The thing's random!"
Soos says: "Yeah, besides the Bermuda triangle, how mini-golf works is our world's greatest mystery."
Stan says: "As far as I'm concerned, you're still better than anyone else in Gravity..."
Dipper says: "Woah!"
Mabel says: "Woah!"
Soos says: "Woah!"
Stan says: "Woah!"
Pacifica Northwest says: "Oh, would you look at that?"
Pacifica Northwest says: "I didn't know it was "hobos golf-free" day!"
Mabel says: "Pacifica!"
Pacifica says: "Well, if it isn't the Pines family!"
Pacifica says: "braces!"
Stan says: "Soos, would it be wrong to punch a child?"
Dipper says: "Hey, Pacifica!"
Dipper says: "How's that whole "your family being a frauds" thing working out for you?"
Pacifica says: "Great, actually!"
Pacifica says: "That's the thing about money!"
Pacifica says: "It makes problems go away!"
Mabel says: "Well it can't buy you skill!"
Mabel says: "You walked into the game of a mini-golf champion!"
Pacifica says: "Ha!"
Pacifica says: "This is Sergei, my trainer!"
Sergei says: "The Sportylmpics had mini-golf once."
Sergei says: "I took gold!"
Pacifica says: "So if you don't mind moving out of the way of the professionals!"
Pacifica says: "Hmpf..."
Mabel says: "Oh, yeah?"
Mabel says: "Well..."
Mabel says: "I want a rematch, you..."
Mabel says: "you WALKING ONE-DIMENSIONAL BLEACHED BLONDE VALLEY GIRL STEREOTYPE!"
Pacifica says: "Like, let's do this!"
The sky clouds over as they stand face to face.
Mattress King says: "Hear ye!"
Mattress King says: "Hear ye!"
Mattress King says: "Honk honk!"
Mattress King says: "Ahh!"
Mattress King says: "The king is down!"
Pacifica says: "This isn't over."
Pacifica says: "You, me, midnight."
Pacifica says: "We'll see who's best!"
Mabel says: "I'll be here!"
Lightning flashes and rain starts. The Northwests whip out their umbrellas and walk away. Sergei runs behind them.
Mabel says: "I'll be here!"
Mabel says: "Puh!"
Mabel says: "Puh!"
Mabel says: "Hair in my mouth."
Mabel says: "Puh!"
Cut to the Hermanos Brothers Diner. Gloomy music plays.
Mabel says: "Ah!"
Mabel says: "Ah!"
Mabel says: "Time to scratch mini-golf off my talents list."
Soos says: "Aw, don't give up, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Yeah!"
Dipper says: "If you beat her at this, she can never rag on you again."
Dipper says: "Imagine it!"
Pacifica says: "Um, the section for ugly grandma clothes is over there."
Mabel says: "Oh yeah?"
Mabel says: "Well the section for people who lost at mini-golf is OVER THERE!!!"
Xyler says: "We came as fast as we could!"
Craz says: "We heard a little girl got seriously burned!"
Xyler says: "OHHHH!"
Craz says: "OHHHH!"
Pacifica says: "I'm ruined!"
Xyler says: "Up top!"
Mabel says: "You're right, guys."
Mabel says: "I just need to practice a little more before midnight."
Stan says: "Go to the golf course after dark, you say?"
Stan says: "I don't know, we'd have to break in and-- Just kidding let's break in!!"
Cut to Stan's car driving through the golf course's toll. Soos keeps watch while Stan pulls nails out of the fence. He removes a panel. Mabel hands him her sticker book and she and Dipper go through the hole.
Stan says: "Oh, and hey, Mabel?"
Stan says: "Knock her dead, kid."
Mabel says: "Darn!"
Mabel says: "Poop heck darn!"
Dipper says: "Ugh, I don't get it!"
Dipper says: "What is wrong with this hole?"
Dipper says: "Did you hear that?"
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "What is it?"
Dipper says: "Grab your club."
The twins raise their clubs and advance towards the windmill. They nod, and Dipper pulls away the back panel. The Lilliputtians are merrily moving golf balls along their Dutch-themed landscape when they notice the twins and gasp.
Franz says: "We good?"
Franz says: "We good?"
Franz says: "All right then!"
Franz says: "Hi, hello."
Franz says: "I'm Franz, and welcome to our home!"
Dipper says: "What is this?"
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Mabel says: "Are you guys tiny humans, or enormous mini-humans?"
Franz says: "Neither."
Franz says: "We're Lilliputtians!"
Franz says: "Lilli- Lilliputt..."
Franz says: "the name makes more sense written down than spoken."
Franz says: "And we control the balls!"
Franz says: "Behold!"
The side of the windmill opens, revealing a complex Rube Goldberg-ian convey system, with Lilliputtians turning cranks, pulling levers, and pushing turnstiles. A golf ball rolls out of the windmill into the hole.
Mabel says: "That's incredible!"
Dipper says: "And so needlessly complicated!"
Franz says: "Aw shucks."
Franz says: "It's only our life-long passion."
Franz says: "Would you like us to elaborate through song?"
The Lilliputtians gather and prepare to sing.
Dipper says: "Eh, we're good."
The Lilliputtians groan in disappointment and disperse.
Franz says: "So what are you hugelings doing here anyway?"
Mabel says: "We kind of have to play this golf tournament against my rival, Pacifica."
The Lilliputtians gasp and mutter.
Franz says: "Oh, we know all about rivals."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Put a clog in it, ya windmill-lubbers!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "We are the ball masters, says I!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Argh!"
Pirate Lilliputtians says: "Argh!"
Pirate Lilliputtians says: "Argh!"
Pirate Lilliputtians says: "Argh!"
Pirate Lilliputtians says: "Argh!"
Lead French Lilliputtian says: "Shut your mouths, you show-boating pirates!"
Lead French Lilliputtian says: "Everyone knows ze Eiffel Tower hole is ze best!"
French Lilliputtian says: "Je ne sais quoi."
French Lilliputtian says: "Sacrebleu."
French Lilliputtian says: "Au revoir!"
French Lilliputtian says: "I don't actually know French."
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Stay you comments, ye churlish Frenchmen!"
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Wiener Castle?"
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Who wrote this?"
Franz says: "We'll settle which hole is best!"
Franz says: "Attack!"
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Long live the mini king!"
The Lilliputtians collide and start fighting in front of the twins.
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "Ow!"
The Head Pirate swings at a Frenchman and falls into the lake. A duck picks up a Dutchman and swallows him.
Dipper says: "These guys are a riot!"
Mabel says: "Guys, guys, calm down!"
Mabel says: "Your fighting is inadvertently adorable!"
Franz says: "Adorable we are, hugeling, but our tale less so."
Franz says: "Every hole in the park thinks they're superior, from the cowboys in the east to the grimy miners of the south."
Franz says: "If only there was some way to decide which side is best, with..."
Franz says: "maybe..."
Franz says: "an award, or, like a trophy, I dunno."
French Lilliputtian says: "But Franz, look!"
Franz says: "The sticker."
Franz says: "The sticker could decide!"
French Lilliputtian says: "It does say "Ze best" on it!"
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Decide for us, hugeling!"
Lilliputtian head knight says: "Choose which mini-kingdom to give a sticker to, and end our war!"
The Lilliputtians cheer.
Mabel says: "Uh, I don't know, guys."
Mabel says: "I'm not sure I wanna get involved in your weird mini-blood feud."
Dipper says: "Pst!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "This is perfect!"
Dipper says: "These guys control the course!"
Dipper says: "Just tell them you'll give the sticker to whichever group does a better job of helping us win!"
Mabel says: "I'm not sure, Dipper."
Mabel says: "I wanna beat Pacifica, but doesn't this seem like..."
Mabel says: "cheating?"
Dipper says: "Pacifica's rich, Mabel."
Dipper says: "She's cheating at life."
Mabel says: "Hmm..."
Mabel says: "People of the eighteen holes!"
Mabel says: "We're going to have a game of mini-golf!"
Mabel says: "And whoever does the best job helping me win, gets the sticker!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "It'll be us, lass."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Not these tulip-munchers!"
Franz says: "I will not be insulted by a man with no depth perception wearing earrings!"
Mabel says: "Just remember, as long as you're helping me, no fighting."
The Lilliputtians look at each other and smile. Cut to the parking lot. Soos and Stan are in the car.
Soos says: "Dude, I'm cuttin' Ws into all my shirts."
Soos says: "Gotta give the public what they want."
Stan says: "Well, those kids are taking their time."
Stan says: "Looks like it's gonna be a while."
Soos says: "Sure are a lot of stars out tonight..."
Preston Northwest says: "But now remember, Pacifica, winning is everything."
Priscilla Northwest says: "Oh, oh, and also looks."
Priscilla Northwest says: "Winning and looks."
Pacifica says: "Dad, I've been practicing for, like, a million hours, okay?"
Pacifica says: "I've got this."
Pacifica says: "You'll stay and watch, right?"
Preston Northwest says: "Pacifica, darling, we have a party to go to."
Preston Northwest says: "We'll just read about your victory in the paper."
Preston Northwest says: "Oh, and whatever happens, just remember one thing."
Preston Northwest says: "You're a Northwest."
Preston Northwest says: "Don't lose."
Pacifica says: "How much you wanna bet they're no-shows?"
A succession of lights flashes on, revealing Mabel and Dipper.
Mabel says: "Looking for someone?"
Pacifica says: "Waiting in the dark, not creepy at all."
Pacifica says: "Seriously though, I don't know why you bothered to come."
Pacifica says: "Unless you've got something up your sleeve."
Mabel says: "Oh, I guess you could say we've got a little something, right, right?"
Sergei says: "Eighteen holes."
Sergei says: "Standard rules."
Sergei says: "Winner lives in glory, loser wallows in eternal shame."
Sergei says: "On your mark, get set, mini-golf!"
At the cowboy hole. Pacifica putts; the Lilliputtians block her ball with a covered wagon. Mabel putts, and the cowboys raise the grass to move her ball towards the hole. A cowboy shoots the ball, and it goes in. Mabel gives a thumbs-up, and the cowboys return the gesture before turning to mock the pirates. At the pirate hole. Mabel putts, and the pirates shoot her ball out of a cannon into the hole.
Pacifica says: "Out of my way!"
Pacifica says: "Are you serious?!"
Pacifica says: "!"
The pirates cheer, open a can of root beer, and raise their flag. At the miner hole. Mabel putts, and the ball goes down into the mine.
Dipper says: "Ha, ha!"
Dipper says: "Miner hole."
Dipper says: "I wonder what cute, silly things are going on down there."
The ball rolls down a chute and two miners prepare to cart it into the mine.
Prospector Lilliputtian says: "Stop!"
Prospector Lilliputtian says: "You can't go in there!"
Prospector Lilliputtian says: "There's been a gas leak!"
Prospector Lilliputtian says: "Anyone who goes in there will DIE!!"
The miners look scared, then part as Big Henry approaches.
Big Henry says: "I'll take it."
Polly says: "Noooo!"
Polly says: "Don't go, Big Henry!"
Polly says: "We need you!"
Big Henry says: "Go home, Polly."
Big Henry pushes the cart into the mine, leaving the others staring after him. Sweating and breathing heavily, he trudges on through the seeping gas. Cut to the outside, where Mabel and Pacifica are waiting silently for the ball to reemerge. Pacifica checks her watch. Back in the mine. Big Henry slaps himself.
Big Henry says: "Come on, Big Henry."
Big Henry says: "You can do this."
The ball rolls out of the mine and into the hole.
Pacifica says: "What?!"
Pacifica says: "!"
Pacifica says: "Sergei!"
Pacifica says: "Soda!"
Pacifica says: "Now!"
Mabel says: "Okay, guys?"
Mabel says: "That was bedonkulous!"
Dipper says: "Hey, little hi-fives everyone, little hi-fives all around."
Dipper says: "Nice one..."
Dipper says: "You did it..."
Dipper says: "You're the man."
Mabel says: "I don't wanna call it out early, but I think the miners might have one of these in their future!"
Franz says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Franz says: "!"
Franz says: "After everything we've worked for?"
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "Calm yourself, Franz."
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "There may be another way to win the hugeling's favor."
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "Knock on wood."
Cut to Pacifica and Sergei. Sergei gets a Pitt cola from the vending machine.
Pacifica says: "There's something going on, Sergei."
Pacifica says: "I can feel it."
Sergei says: "Maybe they have little people who control where the balls go."
Pacifica says: "Hoo, we gotta get you English lessons."
Pacifica says: "I mean, think about it."
Pacifica says: "I'm globally ranked."
Pacifica says: "It's ridiculous that she's beating me."
Sergei says: "This is bad."
Cut to Dipper and Mabel, tallying the scores.
Dipper says: "I can't wait to see the look on Pacifica's face when we win."
Dipper says: "I'm thinking it'll be like "ugh."
Dipper says: ""  You know how she does that?"
Dipper says: ""Ugh."
Mabel says: "Dipper, is it bad that I feel good about her feeling bad?"
Dipper says: "Ah, just enjoy your victory, Mabel."
Dipper says: "Trust me, Pacifica will be fine."
Pacifica says: "What's going on here?"
Pacifica says: "Let me go!"
Lilliputtian says: "What'd I miss?"
Pacifica says: "Let me go, you creeps!"
Franz says: "Welcome twins, welcome!"
Franz says: "I can tell you're loving this, right, right?"
Franz says: "No?"
Mabel says: "What are you guys doing?"
Dipper says: "This wasn't part of the deal, tiny Dutchman!"
Franz says: "Okay, so we saw you were favoring the miners, and we figured, what's better than beating Pacifica?"
Franz says: "Killing her, right?"
Pacifica says: "As if!"
Pacifica says: "I'm calling my parents."
Pacifica says: "Where's my phone?"
The Lilliputtians have taken it and are sending the message "U R DUMM!" to someone named Tiffany.
Lilliputtian says: "Hehe, send."
Pacifica says: "Hey, hey!"
Franz says: "So how about it, hugeling?"
Franz says: "Who's da best now?"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Not so fast land lubbers!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "If you're going to play dirty, so are we."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Now give us the sticker, or he walks the plank!"
French Lilliputtian says: "No!"
French Lilliputtian says: "Give us ze sticker!"
Miner Lilliputtians says: "The miners!"
Miner Lilliputtians says: "Give it to the miners!"
The Lilliputtians all clamor, pressuring Mabel, until she screams-.
Mabel says: "ENOUGH!"
Mabel says: "You know what?"
Mabel says: "No one gets the sticker!"
French Lilliputtian says: "Sacre booo!"
Mabel says: "No, no."
Mabel says: "Nuh-uh."
Mabel says: "No booing- stop, no!"
Mabel says: "No one gets the sticker cuz you're all being jerks!"
Mabel says: "I mean, why can't you all just get along?"
Beat.
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "Because we hate each other."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "That's kind of how rivalries work, lass."
Mabel says: "Well then, maybe..."
Mabel says: "maybe rivalries are dumb."
Mabel says: "Maybe you don't settle them with petty competitions."
Mabel says: "Maybe the only way to be "da best" is by ending the fighting and working together!"
Dutch Lilliputtian says: "It's all so clear."
Franz says: "If we work together..."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Then we can cut open her belly and get the sticker!"
French Lilliputtian says: "Get ze girl!"
French Lilliputtian says: "Slice her open!"
Mabel says: "Uh, you guys aren't appreciating the lesson here!"
A lever is pulled near Pacifica, and she starts being pulled toward the whirring blades of the windmill. She screams.
Dipper says: "We gotta get out of here!"
Mabel says: "I have to save Pacifica first!"
Dipper says: "Don't freak out, man!"
Dipper says: "The water's shallow!"
Dipper says: "There's literally no way to drown!"
Dipper says: "Seriously?"
Pacifica says: "Ugh, took you long enough, And watch the earrings."
Pacifica says: "They're worth more than your house."
Mabel says: "You know, on second thought, maybe I won't untie you."
Pacifica says: "Untie me!"
Pacifica says: "Untie me!"
Mabel says: "That's what I thought."
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "We have you at miniature pencil point!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "There's no way around us!"
Mabel says: "You ready to putt?"
Pacifica says: "Way ahead of you."
Pacifica says: "You know, you're actually not that terrible."
Mabel says: "Just shut up and putt!"
The Lilliputtians are hit out of the way. Dipper and Sergei show up driving a golf cart.
Dipper says: "Get on, get on!"
Mabel says: "Gun it!"
Lilliputtian pirate captain says: "Don't let them escape!"
The golf cart heads for the exit. The knights cut a string, releasing a pair of swinging axes in front of the gate. Dipper hits the gas and they zoom through. They go around a loop-de-loop and Sergei falls off.
Sergei says: "Sergei overboard!"
Pacifica says: "I'll get a new one."
Dipper says: "They're shutting us in!"
Franz says: "Don't even think about it."
Franz says: "You call yourself a golfer?"
Franz says: "Without us, that club is useless in your hands!"
Mabel says: "Oh yeah?"
Mabel says: "What's ten minus six?"
Franz says: "Ten minu- what- hang on..."
Mabel says: "Four!"
Franz says: "Stay out, you dumb hugelings!"
Pacifica says: "What did you say, you little trolls?"
Pacifica says: "I will sue you!"
Pacifica says: "I will sue you and I will own you!"
Pacifica says: "You two!"
Pacifica says: "I don't know what you did or what's going on, but if you think just because you saved my life I—"
Mabel says: "I'm sorry, Pacifica."
Mabel says: "We shouldn't have cheated."
Mabel says: "You totally would have beat me, fair and square."
Pacifica says: "You're just lucky this sticker looks fantastic on me."
Stan and Soos pull up. Dipper and Mabel get in. Looking at Pacifica standing alone in the parking lot, Dipper shakes his head.
Mabel says: "Hey!"
Mabel says: "Your parents aren't here."
Mabel says: "Want a ride home?"
Pacifica says: "Ugh, please."
Pacifica says: "As if I'd ride in your—"
Lightning flashes and thunder is heard. Cut to inside the car. Pacifica is squished between Dipper and Mabel in the backseat. Stan and Soos are singing the "driving song". Pacifica's glove rests on a sticky smudge.
Mabel says: "Hey, I found two tacos!"
Pacifica says: "You're allowed to eat in the car?"
Mabel says: "Yeah!"
Mabel says: "The car is where secret surprise snacks happen!"
Mabel says: "Want one?"
Pacifica says: "Oh, I'm not supposed to take handouts."
Mabel says: "Handouts?"
Mabel says: "It's called sharing!"
Mabel says: "You do know what sharing is, right?"
Pacifica says: "Sha-shaawing?"
Mabel says: "Just take it."
They pull up to Pacifica's house. She gets out.
Pacifica says: "Thanks for the ride, or whatever."
Pacifica says: "Oh, and Mabel?"
Pacifica says: "Um, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I had fun."
Pacifica says: "And tell your servant I like his W-neck!"
Soos says: "Yes!"
Dipper says: "So are you guys, like, cool now?"
Mabel says: "I think we made some progress."
Mabel says: "The important thing to remember is that at the end of the day, she's just an ordinary kid like us."
Dipper says: "Should have charged her for that taco."
Mabel says: "Agreed!"
Soos says: "Hey, got any more of those surprise tacos?"
Franz says: "Laugh now, hugelings, but Franz will have his day."
Franz says: "Franz will—"
Franz says: "Ah, help!"
Franz says: "Sand trap, ow, ow!"
Cut to credits.
Lilliputtians says: ""We control the balls!"
Lilliputtians says: "We control the balls!"
Lilliputtians says: "From Birmingham to Montreal, we control the balls!"
Miner Lilliputtian says: "Hey guys, I figured it out!"
Miner Lilliputtian says: "We control the balls!"
Pirate Lilliputtian says: "Now he gets it!"
Miner Lilliputtian says: "Oh, you guys!"
Sergei says: "Can I go now?"
Miner Lilliputtian says: "NEVER!"