Episode opens with the Mystery Shack at night. Cut to Dipper Pines sleeping, then Mabel Pines, who is sleeping with her a stuffed unicorn on top of her. She squeezes it.
Recording says: "Princess Lovacorn says:: Princess Lovacorn: Buy my 42 accessories!"
Cut to Ford Pines sleeping on the couch. Cut to Ford's dream, where he appears in a field of wheat with a ruined swingset, universe portal, and the Stanowar around him. Ford looks around as the wheat is flattened around him into the image of Bill Cipher, glowing blue. Ford hears Bill's maniacal laughter.
Ford Pines says: "I know that laugh..."
Ford Pines says: "Show yourself!"
Bill Cipher says: "Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well!"
Bill Cipher says: "Stanford Filbrick Pines, my old pal!"
Ford says: "Bill Cipher."
Ford says: "What do you want from me?"
Bill says: "Oh, quit playing dumb, IQ!"
Ford says: "Get out of here!"
Ford says: "You have no dominion in our world!"
Bill says: "Maybe not right now, but things change, Stanford Pines!"
Bill says: "change."
Bill laughs as he flies away, leaving Ford in the middle of the burning wheat field in the ring of fire. Several images flash by at once, one of Ford's hand, one of Ford's eye, and another of what looks like an extended version of the Zodiac. Ford wakes up in his bed, panting. He adjusts his glasses.
Ford says: "I have to warn them!"
Ford says: "He's coming."
Cut to the theme song.
Cut to a shot of the exterior of the Mystery Shack in the daytime. Cut to Dipper opening a closet door and Mabel rubbing her hands excitedly. The two look at the closet, which contains some stray items and board games.
Dipper Pines says: "Alright, Grunkle Stan's gotta have some decent board games."
Mabel Pines says: "Let's see, "Battlechutes & Ladderships," "Necronomiconopoly," "Don't Wake Stalin"..."
Dipper says: "Hey, what's this?"
Dipper says: ""What Could Go Wrong?"
Dipper says: ": The Board Game."
Dipper says: "The last players who opened this box never made it out alive."
Mabel says: "Well, I know what we're doing today."
Dipper says: "This should take up the next 21 minutes."
Ford says: "Family meeting!"
Ford says: "Family meeting!"
Dipper and Mabel react to Ford's demand. Cut to Stan Pines and another man, presumably named Santiago, standing in front of a truck outside the Mystery Shack. Stan is holding a wooden barrel of pugs.
Stan Pines says: "Alright, Santiago."
Stan Pines says: "You have 24 hours to get these pugs across the U."
Stan Pines says: "S."
Stan Pines says: "border."
Ford says: "Family meeting!"
Ford says: "Family meeting!"
Stan says: "No te preocupas!"
Stan says: "Vamos!"
Stan says: "Vamos!"
Cut to Mabel and Dipper walking to Ford, who has several scrolls tucked under his arm and is reading a book. Ford turns around and notices the two, putting the scrolls on the table.
Ford says: "Ah, children."
Ford says: "Come in, come in!"
Mabel says: "Is there an owl in this bag?"
Dipper says: "Bill."
Ford says: "You..."
Ford says: "you know him?"
Dipper says: "Know him?"
Dipper says: "He's been terrorizing us all summer!"
Dipper says: "I have so many questions and theories..."
Mabel says: "Dipper's been pretty paranoid since Bill turned him into a living sock puppet."
Dipper says: "The important thing is we defeated him twice."
Mabel says: "Once with kittens and once with tickles!"
Dipper says: "It was a lot more heroic than it sounds."
Ford says: "The fact that you've dealt with Bill is gravely serious."
Dipper says: "So, how do you know Bill?"
Ford says: "I've encountered many dark beings in my time, Dipper."
Ford says: "What matters is that his powers are growing stronger, and if he pulls off his plans, no one in this family will be safe!"
Ford says: "Fortunately, there should be a way to shield us from his mental tricks."
Ford says: "A way to Bill-proof the Shack."
Ford says: "Ugh, unicorn hair."
Dipper says: "That's not, like, rare, is it?"
Ford says: "It's hopeless."
Ford says: "Unicorns reside deep within an enchanted glade, and their hairs can only be obtained by a pure good-hearted person who goes on a magical quest to find them."
Mabel says: "Are you even looking at the sweater I'm wearing right now?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Mabel says: "Not to mention that I'm probably the most pure of heart person in this room."
Ford says: "That's true, she has a point."
Dipper says: "I can't argue there."
Mabel says: "So can I go on a mission to get that hair?"
Mabel says: "Please please please?"
Mabel says: "I'LL GIVE YOU MY BLOOD!"
Ford says: "Very well."
Ford says: "But it won't be easy."
Ford says: "And this."
Mabel says: "Oooh!"
Ford says: "I haven't been in this dimension for a while."
Ford says: "It's okay to give children weapons, right?"
Mabel says: "Pssh, come on, dawg."
Dipper says: "So, what are the odds she gets that hair?"
Ford says: "Unlikely."
Ford says: "I've dealt with unicorns before, and if I had to describe them in one word it would be..."
Ford says: "frustrating."
Dipper says: "So, what are we gonna do about Bill?"
Ford says: "Follow me."
Dipper changes the sign on the Mystery Shack to "Closed." Dipper and Ford get into the elevator and get out onto the second floor.
Ford says: "Welcome to my private study, a place where I keep my most ancient and secret knowledge."
Ford says: "Even your uncle Stan doesn't know about this place."
Ford says: "We're gonna have to Bill-proof our minds."
Cut to Mabel, Candy, Grenda and Wendy in the woods.
Mabel says: "It's nice to finally be out on a mission, just us gals!"
Grenda says: "Forget the gal talk!"
Grenda says: "I'm here to meet, touch, and/or become a unicorn!"
Candy Chiu says: "I hear if you lick a unicorn's neck, it tastes like your favorite flavor in the world!"
Mabel says: "Candy, I will make sure you lick that unicorn's neck, because I care about my friends."
Wendy Corduroy says: "Honestly, I stopped believing in unicorns when I was like, five years old."
Wendy Corduroy says: "I'm just coming along to keep you kids from walking into a bear trap."
Mabel says: "Stop!"
Mabel says: "This is the magic part of the forest."
Mabel says: "Let's see, the gnome tavern is over there, the fairy nail salon is over there, but it says that to summon the unicorn, one must bellow this ancient chant droned only by the deepest-voiced druids of old."
Grenda says: "On it!"
Grenda says: "Oy-oyoy-oyoyoyoy..."
Wendy says: "I bet you ten bucks nothing happens."
Mabel says: "I'll take that bet."
A fortress rises out of the ground. Mabel, Candy, Grenda and Wendy enter it.
Mabel says: "The paintings airbrushed on the sides of vans were true!"
Grenda says: "Mother of mothers!"
Candy says: "Queen of dreams!"
Wendy says: "No way."
Mabel says: "Eh, eh."
Commercial break. Cuts to the four girls looking at the unicorn while a faun plays a pan flute nearby. The unicorn rears her head.
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Hark!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Visitors to my realm of enchantment!"
Both Mabel and Candy gasp, and while Grenda is doing the same thing a butterfly flies straight into her mouth, causing her to gag.
Mabel says: "Oh my gosh, oh my gosh!"
Mabel says: "What's your name?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "I am Celestabellebethabelle, last of my kind."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Come in, come in."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Just, take off your shoes."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "I have a whole thing about shoes."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Ah, ah!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "I'm talking to everyone!"
Grenda says: "About an hour!"
Mabel says: "On a mission to protect our family with your magical hair!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Very well."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "To receive a lock of my enchanted hair, step forth, girl of pure perfect heart."
Mabel says: "Presenting: bum buh da bum bum ba bum bum!"
Mabel says: "Mabel!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "What?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "You?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "A unicorn can see deep inside your heart, child."
Mabel says: "Ugh!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "And you have done wrong."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "WRONG I say!"
Mabel says: "I guess I do make fun of Dipper a lot."
Mabel says: "And I did just shatter a window with a crossbow."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Your bad deeds make me cry."
Mabel says: "NOOO!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Come back when you're PURE OF HEART."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "NEEEIIGGGHH!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Exit is that way."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Shoes, shoes, take your shoes."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "This isn't some..."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "some..."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "shoe store."
The humans leave and the gate closes.
Grenda says: "Hey, Mabel, don't let her get to you."
Wendy says: "Yeah, I wouldn't trust a horse that wears makeup."
Mabel says: "No, girls, she's right."
Mabel says: "I used to be one of the sweetest people I knew, but recently I've been slacking in the whole goodness department."
Mabel says: "Well, today we're gonna fix it."
Mabel says: "From this moment forth I'm gonna do so many good deeds, I'll have the purest heart in Gravity Falls!"
Mabel says: "That..."
Mabel says: "that bird is fine."
Cut to Ford's lab. Ford hooks Dipper up to the mind machine.
Dipper says: "So what is Bill, exactly?"
Ford says: "No one knows for sure."
Ford says: "Accounts differ of his true motivations and origins."
Ford says: "I dismantled the portal, but with this tear, Bill still has a way into our reality."
Ford says: "To get his hands on this rift, he would trick or possess anyone."
Dipper says: "So how do we keep Bill out of our minds?"
Ford says: "Well, there's a number of ways."
Ford says: "I personally had a metal plate installed in my head."
Dipper says: "Heheh."
Dipper says: "Good one."
Ford says: "But this machine is safer."
Ford says: "It will scan your mind, bioelectrically encrypting your thoughts so that Bill can't read them."
Ford says: "Now say hello to your thoughts."
Dipper says: "You might wanna..."
Dipper says: "ignore that last one."
Dipper says: "By the way, you never told me what your history with Bill was."
Ford says: "Dipper, do you trust me?"
Ford says: "Then you'll trust that that's not important."
Ford says: "Now, focus."
Ford says: "It's time to strengthen your mind."
Cut to Candy, Grenda, Mabel and Wendy on the sidewalk.
Mabel says: "Alright, Mabel, it's time to strengthen your heart."
Montage says: "Mabel picks snails off the sidewalk and puts them on large grass."
Montage says: "Mabel digs a hole and Grenda puts a tree in it."
Montage says: "Toby Determined tries to come outside but the tree has blocked his door."
Montage says: "Mabel puts a giant smiley face sticker on Stan's face."
Montage says: "He screams and breaks his lamp in the process."
Montage says: "Mabel donates three pints of blood, then faints."
Montage says: "Mabel stops traffic for some ducks to cross, paints glitter on the statue of Nathaniel Northwest, fills Lazy Susan's tip jar, and she, Candy, Grenda, and Wendy help a woman with her groceries."
Singer says: "Share a smile!"
Dream a dream!
Doing some good deeds!
Share a smile!
Plant a tree!
Doing some good deeds!
Halt! And smile!
Love them tight!
Doing good deeds!
Mabel says: "Boom!"
Mabel says: "A thousand good deeds."
Cut to Celestabellebethabelle's fortress.
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Not pure of heart."
Mabel says: "Booyah!"
Mabel says: "Wait, what?"
Wendy says: "How is that even possible?"
Wendy says: "Mabel's a straight up saint, you judgmental hoofbag!"
Mabel says: "Please, tell me what I'm doing wrong!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Doing good deeds to make yourself look better isn't good at all."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Not to mention you're crushing, like, ten dandelions right now."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Those are basically children's dreams."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "I'm sorry, Mabel."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "It's not my fault you're a bad person."
Wendy says: "Mabel, wait!"
Wendy says: "Come back!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Now if you'll excuse me, I have a 3 o'clock posing in front of a rainbow."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "NeigheighEIGHEIGHeigheigh."
Cut to Mabel lying down outside. Candy, Grenda and Wendy walk up to her.
Wendy says: "Come on, Mabel."
Wendy says: "Don't beat yourself up about this."
Candy says: "Let's forget about getting that dumb unicorn hair."
Mabel says: "It's not about the hair anymore, guys."
Mabel says: "It's about me."
Mabel says: "Being kind and sweet is what makes me who I am."
Mabel says: "If I'm not a good person, who am I?"
Mabel says: "I'm not leaving this spot until I think of a deed that makes me as good as Celestabellebethabelle."
Candy says: "But, Mabel..."
Mabel says: "Just leave me be."
Wendy says: "Pst."
Grenda says: "Are you suggesting violence?"
Grenda says: "Sabotage?"
Candy says: "Mabel's not going to like that."
Wendy says: "Mabel doesn't need to know."
Wendy says: "Look, it's time we stop trying to be so "perfect" and be who we really are."
Wendy says: "We're crazed, angry, sweaty animals!"
Wendy says: "We're not unicorns, we're WOMEN!"
Wendy says: "AND WE TAKE WHAT WE WANT!"
Candy says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Candy says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Candy says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Candy says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Candy says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Grenda says: "Too much?"
Wendy says: "Here's what we're gonna do."
Cut to Gnasty's.
Gnome says: "Get me a flaggon of your daintiest honeysuckle, please."
Bartender says: "I'm gonna need to see some ID."
Gnome 2.
It's the cops! Hit the deck! Another Gnome flings himself out the window.
Wendy says: "I'm lookin' for someone who knows how to take down a unicorn!"
Wendy says: "No tricks or games!"
Candy says: "We are human!"
Candy says: "We take what we want!"
Grenda says: "Yeah!"
Gnome 3.
Fairy dust. A whole magic bag's enough to put a unicorn out cold. But if I do you a favor, you gotta do somethin' for me.
Grenda says: "Just, spill it, half-pint!"
Gnome 3.
Butterfly trafficking is illegal in this part of the forest, but I like butterflies. They tickle my face and make me laugh. Bring me a bag of butterflies and we got a deal.
Cut to a net grabbing a butterfly. Cut back to Gnasty's. Grenda approaches the gnome and gives him the bag of butterflies.
Gnome 3.
Two bags of fairy dust, just like we agreed.
Grenda says: "Where do you get this stuff?"
Gnome 3.
Everyone likes sausage, but no one likes to know how it's made.
Grenda says: "You disgust me."
Gnome 3.
You got your poison; I got mine; we made a deal.
Grenda says: "Yeah, well, the deal is OFF!"
Several policemen gnomes run out of the bushes.
Policeman says: "Freeze!"
Policeman says: "You're under arrest!"
Policeman says: "Get down!"
Policeman says: "Get down!"
Gnome 3.
These butterflies aren't mine! I swear! I've been framed!
Policeman says: "Tell it to the adorable owl we've dressed as a judge."
Policeman says: "My cut."
Cut to Mabel.
Mabel says: "Good deeds."
Mabel says: "Good deeds."
Mabel says: "Aww that's not good enough!"
Mabel says: "Come on, Mabel, you can do better than that!"
Mabel says: "No wait!"
Mabel says: "Stop!"
Wendy says: "Mabel!"
Wendy says: "Shh!"
Wendy says: "You'll wake her up!"
Mabel says: "But this is wrong, guys!"
Wendy says: "But protecting the Shack is good."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "What?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Doth mine eyes deceive me?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Thief!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "You shall never be pure of heeeaart!"
Mabel says: "No!"
Mabel says: "You don't understand!"
Mabel says: "I just want to be good like you!"
Blue unicorn says: "Yo, C-beth, are you seriously pulling this "pure of heart" scam again?"
Red unicorn says: "That is messed up, man."
Mabel says: "Wait, scam?"
Red unicorn says: "Kid, unicorns can't see into your heart."
Red unicorn says: "All our dumb horns can do is glow, point towards the nearest rainbow and play rave music."
Blue unicorn says: "Yeah, the whole "pure of heart" racket is just a line we use to get humans to leave us alone."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Guuuyys."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Shut uuupp."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Okay, fine."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "So you learned our secret."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "We're jerks, okay?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "We have more hair than we know what to do with, and we keep it to ourselves just to tick humans off."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "What are you gonna do about it, huh, huh?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "What are ya gonna DO?"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Oh!"
Wendy says: "WHOO!"
Wendy says: "Go Mabel!"
Grenda says: "Join the dark side!"
Candy says: "Fight!"
Grenda says: "Fight!"
Wendy says: "Fight!"
Candy says: "Fight!"
Grenda says: "Fight!"
Wendy says: "Fight!"
Candy says: "Fight!"
Grenda says: "Fight!"
Wendy says: "Fight!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Oh."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "So it's a fight you want."
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Well, then it's a fight you're gonna get!"
The humans and the unicorns run at each other. Cut to Ford's lab, where a screen says "SCANNING THOUGHTS 15%.".
Dipper says: "Ugh, this is taking forever."
Dipper says: "How long have I been doing this for?"
Dipper says: "Just a little peek."
Dipper says: "What are you hiding about Bill?"
Bill appears on the screen, cackling. Screen changes to Stanford moving around in his sleep. Smaller screens show the portal and Fiddleford McGucket yelling at Ford.
McGucket says: "Where are these ideas coming from?"
McGucket says: "Who are you working with?!"
McGucket says: "!"
Screens change to Ford writing "I'M LOSING," "MY MIND," and "TRUST NO ONE" in the journal.
Stan says: "My brother is a dangerous know-it-all..."
Ford says: "Then it's a deal."
Ford says: "From now until the end of time."
Bill says: "Just let me into your mind, Stanford."
Ford says: "Please, call me..."
Ford says: "a friend."
Dipper says: "FORD AND BILL?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "Why- why were you shaking hands with Bill?"
Dipper says: "Ahh!"
Ford says: "Careful!"
Ford says: "Hand me the rift!"
Ford says: "Now, boy!"
Dipper says: "Are you Bill right now?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "PINE TREE?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Dipper says: "IS THAT WHAT YOU WERE GONNA CALL ME?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Ford says: "I was just going to say "please", kid!"
Dipper says: "Great Uncle Ford told me to protect the rift!"
Dipper says: "Get one step closer and I'll shoot!"
Dipper says: "I'll erase you right out of Ford's head!"
Ford says: "It's me, Dipper."
Ford says: "It's your uncle!"
Dipper says: "Trust no one, trust no one, trust..."
Ford says: "Hand it to me!"
The gun fires at Ford, but bounces off his glasses and around the room, finally destroying one of the screens.
Dipper says: "Let go of me!"
Ford says: "Now-now just calm down."
Ford says: "Calm down!"
Dipper says: "I tried to erase your mind."
Dipper says: "I'm so sorry."
Ford says: "It's okay, Dipper."
Ford says: "Besides, my mind can't be erased, anyway, remember?"
Bill says: "Woah, don't have a heart attack, you're not 92 yet."
Ford says: "Who are you?"
Bill says: "Name's Bill!"
Bill says: "And your name's Stanford Pines, the man who changed the world, but I'm getting ahead of ourselves; let's relax!"
Bill says: "Care for a game of interdimensional chess?"
Ford says: "Bill!"
Ford says: "You lied to me!"
Ford says: "Where does that portal really lead?"
Bill says: "Right, guys?"
Roaring and cackling is heard from the scar.
Ford says: "No!"
Ford says: "I'll stop you!"
Ford says: "I'll SHUT IT DOWN!"
Bill says: "A deal's a deal, Sixer!"
Bill says: "You can't stop a bridge between our worlds from coming, but it would be fun to watch you try!"
Bill says: "Cute even!"
Ford says: "Bill's been waiting for the gateway to reopen ever since."
Ford says: "All he needs to do is get his hands on this rift."
Ford says: "To Bill, it's just a game, but to us, it would mean the end of our world."
Dipper says: "Oh, man."
Ford says: "Oh, man, indeed."
Cut to Dipper and Ford in the living room drinking Pitt Cola.
Dipper says: "Ugh, I'm so embarrassed about earlier."
Dipper says: "I'm such an idiot."
Ford says: "From now on, no more secrets between us."
Ford says: "We're not the first two idiots to be tricked by Bill, boy."
Ford says: "But if we work together, we could be the last."
Dipper says: "But what about Bill?"
Dipper says: "I broke the machine!"
Dipper says: "Now we have no way to protect the shack!"
Mabel says: "Did someone say "unicorn hair"?!"
Mabel says: "!"
Candy, Grenda, Mabel and Wendy are behind her. They are all beat up and covered in unicorn fluids and tears.
Dipper says: "Uh, no, actually?"
Mabel says: "Oh."
Mabel says: "That would have been perfect."
Mabel says: "Either way we got some unicorn hair!"
Candy says: "Also some unicorn tears, unicorn eyelashes..."
Grenda says: "They finally gave us this treasure just to get rid of us!"
Ford says: "It..."
Ford says: "can't be!"
Ford says: "This is a great day, girls!"
Ford says: "With this unicorn hair, we should be able to completely shield the shack from Bill's mind-reading tricks!"
Mabel says: "Is it okay?"
Ford says: "Better than okay; it's perfect!"
Ford says: "You've protected your family."
Ford says: "You're a good person, Mabel."
Mabel says: "Thanks, Grunkle Ford, but today I learned that morality is relative."
End credits says: "Dipper and Ford are in the yard."
End credits says: "Dipper finishes stretching the unicorn hair around the shack."
End credits says: "A force field forms around the shack."
Ford says: "Perfect!"
Ford says: "This will protect us from Bill!"
Ford says: "As long as we're inside, our minds are safe."