Scene opens from Stan's perspective in the Mystery Shack as he is waking up. It switches to a top view of him in bed.
Stan Pines says: "Alright Stan, another day, another random body pain."
Stan Pines says: "Here we go."
Stan Pines says: "Ugh!"
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: ""Dear Stan, I need something to carry milk in so I used your slippers."
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "Love, Mabel."
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "" Stan shudders and walks into the kitchen and tries to turn on a light but the light bulb bursts."
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "He groans and goes to find a new light bulb but finds that the box is empty except for a note that reads: "Dear Stan, I took these to build a planetarium suit for Soos!"
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "Sorry!"
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "Dipper."
Finds a note on his desk that reads says: "" Stan grumbles and crumples the note."
Cut to Stan waiting in line in a grocery store at the checkout counter with light bulbs. Robbie, Lee, Tambry and Nate show up behind him.
Lee says: "Whoa, let's not take this line."
Lee says: "There's an old person in it."
Robbie Valentino says: "Psh, yeah."
Robbie Valentino says: "He's probably gonna pay with like, pennies and, war bonds."
Stan says: "Hey!"
Stan says: "For your information, I was gonna shoplift most of this."
Cashier says: "Security!"
Stan says: "Ahh!"
Cut to Stan coming home bruised with the box of light bulbs.
Stan says: "Ugh."
Stan says: "Rough start to a day."
Ford Pines says: "And..."
Ford Pines says: "we're..."
Ford Pines says: "done!"
Mabel says: "Does anyone see this?"
Mabel says: "This is what a hero looks like right here."
Stan says: "I thought we were out of light bulbs."
Ford says: "Oh we were, so I invented my own!"
Ford says: "It will last a thousand years and the light it emits makes your skin softer."
Dipper says: "Oooh!"
Mabel says: "Oooh!"
Soos says: "Oooh!"
Soos says: "Never have I known such softness!"
Ford says: "Anyway, where were you?"
Shandra Jimenez says: "This just in, the mayor is dead."
Stan says: "What?!"
Stan says: "!"
Dipper says: "Whoa, what's going on?"
Shandra's co-host says: "There will be a town hall meeting this afternoon to discuss replacing him."
Stan says: "New mayor huh?"
Stan says: "Wonder who it could be..."
Cut to the theme song.
Cut to all the citizens of Gravity Falls in the Town Hall.
Sheriff Blubs says: "Alright."
Sheriff Blubs says: "Order!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "Order everyone!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "Calm down now!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "We're here to choose a mayor for the first time in almost a century."
Bud says: "Well now I do believe I fulfill all the requirements."
Dipper says: "Wait, Bud Gleeful?"
Mabel says: "He looks good!"
Mabel says: "Considering we threw his son in jail."
Stan says: "That was a good day."
Bud says: "Now folks, I know our families had its fair shares of whoopsie daisies in the past, but I'd like to make up for it by formally announcing my candidacy for the mayor of Gravity Falls!"
Bud says: "Any questions?"
Toby Determined says: "Yes, are you still in contact with Lil' Gideon?"
Bud says: "That's a great question, I'm giving you 50% off a used car."
Toby says: "Fifty percent?!"
Toby says: "!"
Toby says: "FIFTY PERCENT?!!!"
Toby says: "!!!"
Bud says: "In fact, everyone look under your seats."
Bud says: "You get half off a used car!"
Bud says: "You get half off a used car!"
Mabel says: "Wow, a colorful piece of paper?"
Mabel says: "He's got my vote!"
Dipper says: "Guys, I've got a really bad feeling about Bud Gleeful as mayor."
Soos says: "I dunno, dude, it's not like we have a lot of good mayor options."
Soos says: "Everyone in this town is a tad strange."
Soos says: "Except, ironically, Tad Strange."
Tad says: "Hi guys, Tad's the name, and being normal's my game."
Mabel says: "Loving you, Tad!"
Tad says: "And I love bread!"
Dipper says: "It's a shame Ford isn't here, he'd run."
Dipper says: "And win!"
Dipper says: "And be a great mayor!"
Bud says: "So since everyone's happy I'll just take the oath of office now, sound good, gavel up?"
Stan says: "Hold it right there Bud!"
Stan says: "I'm taking you on!"
Bud says: "Stanford?"
Bud says: "No o-ffence but you're just some two-bit carnival barker."
Bud says: "And your head is more ears than face!"
Stan says: "Oh yeah?"
Stan says: "Well your face is more fat..."
Stan says: "than..."
Stan says: "not fat!"
Tad says: "Oh snap!"
Stan says: "Whaddya say folks?"
Stan says: "Are we just gonna let Bud win?"
Stan says: "How about a real election!"
Tyler Cutebiker says: "Get in there, cap!"
Bud says: "Well, looks like we've got some competition here folks."
Bud says: "Which I'm fine with, totally fine with!"
Townspeople says: "Election!"
Townspeople says: "Election!"
Townspeople says: "Election!"
Blubs says: "Let the madness begin!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, what are you doing?"
Stan says: "Running for mayor!"
Stan says: "Did I..."
Stan says: "did I not make that clear?"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, it's not that we think you can't do it, it's just—"
Dipper says: "No no, it's okay, Mabel."
Dipper says: "We don't think you can do it."
Stan says: "Look, kids."
Stan says: "The mayor kicking the bucket got me thinking."
Stan says: "I'm an old man, and I'm not getting any younger."
Stan says: "My dumb brother's research is probably gonna make him famous."
Stan says: "And what do I have to show for my life?"
Stan says: "Do I really want "crooked grifter" on my tombstone?"
Stan says: "How about, "crooked mayor"!"
Dipper says: "Psst, Mabel, let's talk."
Dipper says: "But Bud's definitely up to something, and we're the only ones who can stop him."
Mabel says: "You're right, Dipper."
Mabel says: "Besides, Stan has a kind-of charisma."
Mabel says: "How hard could getting him elected be?"
Cut to the Mystery Shack, which now has a sign over "Mystery," reading "Mayorly Shack." There are several U.S. flags and "Vote Stan" signs all over. Waddles is with Wendy, who has written on Waddles' body "SWINES 4 PINES" on one side and "BUD'S A DUD" on the other.
Wendy says: "Spread the word, pig!"
Dipper says: "Alright everybody, eyes up here!"
Dipper says: "I couldn't make this up if I wanted to."
Phone rings in the "Phone Bank.".
Mabel says: "Okay Grunkle Stan, are you ready for your first radio interview?"
Stan says: "I got my mouth, don't I?"
Mabel says: "Okay you're on with the candidate."
Voiceover says: "You're listening to Falls Radio: 24 hour news and bear rampage alerts, and now here's the T-man."
Toby says: "Hello!"
Toby says: "Candidate Stan first question: How do you feel about the American flag?"
Stan says: "Meh, I can take it or leave it, too many stripes."
Stan says: "Next question."
Cut to people at Skull Fracture listening to the radio broadcast and grunting with doubt.
Toby says: "What would you do to help educate our kids?"
Stan says: "Ha, simple."
Stan says: "Put them on an island and make them fight for dominance."
Toby says: "What would you do about the crime in Gravity Falls?"
Stan says: "Wait, do you mean crime in general, or just the specific crimes committed by m—"
Dipper says: "Okay, interview's over."
Dipper says: "Candy, what's the damage?"
Candy says: "Your approval ratings started at zero."
Candy says: "Now it's a number lower than zero."
Wendy says: "You're meme-ing fast, and none of them are good."
Mabel says: "Look Grunkle Stan, people are like smell markers, and you're black licorice!"
Mabel says: "It's not that you're un-sniffable, you just need to learn when to keep the cap on."
Dipper says: "From now on, maybe you should read our prepared remarks."
Stan says: "Heh heh."
Stan says: "Sorry kids."
Stan says: "I always say words that come out of my brain."
Stan says: "If my head says, that lady's got an ugly baby, my mouth says, "whoa, lady, you got one ugly baby."
Dipper and Mabel look at each other worriedly; cut to basement, where Dipper is pacing around.
Dipper says: "And he's insisting on speaking his mind!"
Ford says: "So this is an emergency."
Dipper says: "The Stump Speech is in a couple of days, and if he continues like this, we'll lose to Bud for sure!"
Ford says: "Hmm."
Ford says: "It's a shame there isn't some device that will allow you to control someone else."
Ford says: "Oh."
Ford says: "Wait."
Ford says: "Of course, yes."
Ford says: "There is."
Ford says: "A long time ago I designed a prototype for Ronald Reagan's masters."
Ford says: "Just get Stan to wear this, and you can make him a literal talking head."
Dipper says: "Whoa!"
Dipper says: "This is amazing!"
Dipper says: "And ethically ambiguous!"
Ford says: "As long as you wear the matching one, he'll say and do whatever you want him to."
Ford says: "Yes, yes."
Ford says: "Use it responsibly and all."
Cuts to the Mystery Shack, where Dipper and Mabel are testing out the ties.
Soos says: "Whoa, thanks for the slamming tie, dudes!"
Soos says: "These stripes are so slimming!"
Mabel says: "You really think this mind-controlling tie is gonna work?"
Mabel says: "Ha!"
Mabel says: "That's amazing!"
Soos says: "Guys!"
Soos says: "Something weird just happened."
Soos says: "I'm really freaked out!"
Mabel says: "I am Soos-Tron!"
Soos says: "I am Soos-Tron!"
Mabel says: "Watch me eat this pine cone!"
Soos says: "Watch me eat this pine cone!"
Mabel says: "Mind control is awesome!"
Soos says: "Oh my gosh!"
Soos says: "My life just flashed before my eyes!"
Soos says: "Aghh!"
Tyler says: "Education, get it."
Tyler says: "Prosperity, get it."
Tyler says: "A Gravity Falls we can be proud of, get iiiiit!"
Stan says: "Ugh."
Stan says: "Do I really have to wear this thing?"
Stan says: "It looks like a flag threw up on me."
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, just trust your lucky tie."
Blubs says: "And now, Stanford Pines!"
Mabel says: "Okay, we'll only jump in if he starts doing badly."
Stan says: "Hiya there!"
Stan says: "Stan Pines here."
Stan says: "Let's get real."
Stan says: "Do you think the women of Gravity Falls wear too much makeup?"
Dipper says: "Jump in!"
Dipper says: "jump in!"
Stan says: "Uh, what I meant to say was: you ladies all look great."
Stan says: "And have you done something with your hair?"
Stan says: "Girl, you are working it!"
Woman says: "Yes!"
Girl with Bow says: "That is exactly what I needed to hear right now."
Stan says: "Whew!"
Stan says: "But I believe in things."
Stan says: "America."
Stan says: "Freedom."
Stan says: "Ameri-freedom!"
America guy says: "Good!"
America guy says: "He's saying all the right things!"
Stan says: "Like my opponent pointed out, I may not have a pretty face, but if you want a candidate that will listen to you, well, I'm proud to be all ears."
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, that was amazing!"
Soos says: "Yeah!"
Soos says: "How'd you do it, Mr."
Soos says: "Pines?"
Stan says: "Eh, I don't know."
Stan says: "I just opened my mouth and spoke from the heart, or..."
Stan says: "gut, or something."
Stan says: "And what is that sound?"
Stan says: "Why are people jamming their hands together?"
Mabel says: "It's applause!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, they love you!"
Stan says: "They..."
Stan says: "love..."
Stan says: "me?"
Toby says: "There he is!"
Toby says: "Mr."
Toby says: "Pines, can we get a picture?"
Dipper says: "Yes we Stan!"
Mabel says: "Yes we Stan!"
Stan says: "Yes we Stan!"
Soos says: "Yes we Stan!"
Toby takes their picture as a montage shows the twins continue to mind control Stan. Newspapers shown that Stan eventually gets the town's support and takes the lead. Cut to Bud slamming the newspaper down in frustration.
Bud says: "Gah!"
Bud says: "Darn it!"
Bud says: "Gosh hand huckleberry honey suckle darn it!"
Bud says: "Erm, excuse my language I'm so sorry."
Gideon Gleeful says: "Minor setback?"
Gideon Gleeful says: "I eat the same slop everyday!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "They have no hair products in here!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "I can't sleep 'cause my cellmate took my pillow for a wife!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "You think I've been having fun in here?!"
Gideon Gleeful says: "!"
Ghost-Eyes says: "Hey, best friend!"
Prisoner says: "Don't be late for friendship bracelet class!"
Gideon says: "I have finger painting at the same time!"
Gideon says: "Whew!"
Gideon says: "The mayor dying is my one ticket out of here."
Gideon says: "Which is why you're gonna win this election, pardon me out of prison and we're not gonna let the Pines, get in my way again!"
Bud says: "But-but you don't understand."
Bud says: "He's doing great in the polls!"
Bud says: "It's almost like magic!"
Gideon says: "Hmm, magic, you say?"
Gideon says: "Well, maybe it's time to fight fire with fire!"
Gideon says: "I've been waiting for the right moment."
Bud says: "Boy, now, we've discussed this, no more spooky spells."
Gideon says: "Well daddy, maybe you just need to have more..."
Gideon says: "of an open mind."
Gideon says: "Lleps live ykoops, lleps live ykoops, live ykoops..."
As he chants, the lights start to swing his eyes begin to glow. The bulbs eventually flickered out and burst violently. He continues chanting the same words as Bud speaks.
Cut to a banner that reads "Election Day!" Pans to people murmuring as Stan happily passes by wearing a different suit.
Blubs says: "Lookin' good, mayor candidate!"
Durland says: "Hooey!"
Durland says: "It's the guy I'm gonna vote for!"
Tad says: "Lookin' A-OK there, Stanford!"
Tad says: "A-OK!"
Stan says: "Tad, that means so much coming from you!"
Stan says: "Hey-o!"
Lazy Susan and others says: "Stan!"
Stan says: "Now just the ladies!"
Ladies in the diner says: "Stan!"
Stan says: "Now just the ladies my age!"
Old lady says: "Stan!"
Stan says: "Woof!"
Stan says: "Never mind."
Lazy Susan says: "On the house, mister big shot!"
Stan says: "Now this I could get used to!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan, what's with the outfit?"
Mabel says: "You're missing your lucky tie."
Dipper says: "Power tie, gotta wear it."
Stan says: "Aw come on, have you seen the polls?"
Stan says: "I can debate naked and I can still win!"
Stan says: "Huh, come to think of it..."
Mabel says: "Seriously though, we need you to wear that suit and tie, Grunkle Stan."
Dipper says: "Suit and tie, gotta wear it."
Stan says: "Ugh!"
Stan says: "What do you kids have to constantly tell me what to do?"
Stan says: "Everyone in this town is finally showing me respect!"
Stan says: "Maybe you kids should too."
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan, we'd respect you if you took things more seriously!"
Stan says: "I am taking this seriously!"
Stan says: "If you haven't noticed, everything that has come out of this golden mouth has put us on top!"
Stan says: "With or without your dumb advice!"
Dipper says: "Dumb advice?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Stan says: "Yeah!"
Stan says: "Dumb advice."
Dipper says: "Dang it, Stan!"
Dipper says: "Every one of those speeches we were controlling you!"
Mabel says: "Dipper!"
Stan says: "What?"
Dipper says: "This tie is a mind control device invented by Ford!"
Dipper says: "If it wasn't for this tie, you'd be losing!"
Dipper says: "Stan, wait!"
Dipper says: "You can't—"
Dipper says: "Augh, this is bad."
Dipper says: "If we wanna beat Bud, we need another candidate, fast!"
Mabel says: "What we need is a blank slate, someone totally suggestible!"
Mabel says: "An empty piece of clay we can mold to our whims."
Cut to Mayor Befufftlefumpter's memorial then pans to the stage where the final debate takes place.
Shandra says: "Welcome all to the final debate in what sure to be on a cosmic scale a forgettable blip in human history."
Shandra says: "And here come the three most popular candidates!"
Bud says: "Oh, hello there Stanford!"
Bud says: "Long time, no see!"
Bud says: "Tee-hee!"
Bud says: "Woohoohoo!"
Stan says: "Oh, don't you tee-hee me."
Stan says: "I'll debate you into the ground."
Bud says: "Oh, but I have a wittle twist up my sweevy-weeves."
Stan says: "You're making me very uncomfortable right now."
Shandra says: "But what's this?"
Shandra says: "One new candidate has entered the ring!"
Stan says: "Wait a minute."
Stan says: "What?!"
Stan says: "!"
Stan says: "Those backstabbing..."
Shandra says: "Let the debate begin!"
Manly Dan says: "First question."
Manly Dan says: "What's your position on axes!"
Manly Dan says: "Wait, I mean..."
Manly Dan says: "taxes!"
Stan says: "Easy!"
Stan says: "Taxes are the worst."
Stan says: "I propose we stimulate the economy by waging wars on neighboring cities."
Stan says: "We."
Stan says: "Have."
Stan says: "The cannons."
Soos says: "I don't know much about taxes, but I can promise you a kitten in every pot!"
Bud says: "Friends, friends."
Bud says: "Can't you see what's happening on this stage?"
Bud says: "These politicians are dancing around the issues."
Bud says: "Well..."
Bud says: "I can sing around the issue!"
Shandra says: "You may now throw your bird seed!"
Shandra says: "And now a quick intermission."
Dipper says: "We're getting eaten alive back there!"
Dipper says: "Since when is Bud been..."
Dipper says: "creepily adorable?"
Mabel says: "I don't know!"
Mabel says: "It doesn't make sense!"
Mabel says: "He's almost acting just like..."
Mabel says: "like..."
Gideon says: "Wittle ol' me."
Gideon says: "Aha!"
Gideon says: "Hello there, long time no see!"
Gideon says: "Except in my revenge fantasies where I see you on an hourly basis."
Dipper says: "Gideon!"
Dipper says: "I knew you were somehow behind this!"
Dipper says: "You've been controlling Bud!"
Gideon says: "And it seems you've been controlling Stanford!"
Gideon says: "I figured it the both of y'all."
Gideon says: "You've got much eviller since I last saw you."
Gideon says: "Daddy!"
Mabel says: "Let go of us!"
Bud carries the twins to the elevator to the top of the mayor's memorial. Bud then proceeds to tie the twins up with the inside filled with fireworks.
Gideon says: "Behold, your grand view of the debate!"
Gideon says: "Once I win this election, I'll finally rule this backwoods town!"
Mabel says: "You'll never get away with this, you creepy little dork!"
Gideon says: "Oh, I'd be happy to spare you Mabel."
Gideon says: "If you agree to be mine."
Gideon says: "I even made you this wedding dress in crafts class!"
Gideon says: "Don't ask what it's made of."
Mabel says: "Eww, I'd rather die, you creep!"
Gideon says: "Fine!"
Gideon says: "Have it your way."
Gideon says: "Once I win, they'll hit the plunger for the fireworks display, finishing the mountain's construction, trapping y'all inside."
Gideon says: "I've been trapped behind concrete all summer, now see how you like it!"
Cuts back to the stage.
Stan says: "And uh, that is why, um..."
Stan says: "the Statue of Liberty is our hottest landmark."
Stan says: "Alright alright, she's kind of mannish."
Stan says: "What do you want from me?"
The crowd continues to shower Bud's box with the bird seeds as his audience approval ratings goes up with Bud smiling smugly at Stan.
Stan says: "Augh."
Stan says: "You kids were right all along."
Stan says: "I should have listened to you when I had the chance."
Mabel says: "Help!"
Mabel says: "Help us!"
Stan says: "What the-?"
Dipper says: "We're tied to a bunch of fireworks!"
The twins try to jump out, but end up cracking the rock under them, hanging from the nose screaming with the rope fraying fast. Tyler screams and points to the twins hanging. Everyone looks up and gasps.
Stan says: "KIDS!"
The rope begins to fray even more, almost completely snapped in two. The twins yell and stare in shock.
Stan says: "Listen, everybody!"
Stan says: "This debate is over!"
Stan says: "I gotta go save my family!"
Bud says: "Those, uh, those are just some..."
Bud says: "demolition dummies."
Bud says: "Nothing to see here!"
Stan says: "Can it, Gleeful!"
Stan rips the sleeves off of his jacket and yells. He runs backstage and begins climbing up one of the towers near the memorial. The crowd gets up from their seats and moves to watch Stan. As this is happening, Shandra narrates the situation.
Shandra says: "In a shocking turn of events, Stan Pines has run to the aid of two children who appear to be in danger!"
The excited crowd begins throwing their bird seed at Stan himself.
Shandra says: "And the crowd is loving it!"
Stan gets to the top of the tower and leaps from it to the memorial's nose as the crowd points at him. As he regains his balance, the rope snaps in two. Before it falls, Stan catches it and begins pulling the twins up.
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan!"
Mabel says: "Grunkle Stan!"
Stan says: "Kids!"
Stan says: "Look, I'm sorry I was being stubborn."
Stan says: "I guess being the town's hero wasn't enough."
Stan says: "I wanted to be yours too."
Mabel says: "We're sorry, Grunkle Stan."
Mabel says: "We should've supported you, win or lose."
Dipper says: "Probably lose."
Stan says: "I can still drop you, you know."
Stan finishes pulling the kids up. They and Stan are safe inside the memorial. Stan hugs the kids while they laugh. Cut to outside the memorial, where the crowd cheers as Stan stands on top of the memorial's nose with the twins on either side of him. Stan's box is overflowing with birdseed, and his approval rating is through the roof. Bud stares in shock.
Bud says: "Time to take care of you, once and for all!"
Zoom in on the memorial, where Dipper, Mabel, and Stan are staring at Bud in shock.
Dipper says: "Oh no!"
Dipper says: "We have to get out of here!"
Stan says: "Kids."
Stan says: "If I die, make sure I get a bigger tombstone than Ford."
The kids nod. Stan grabs them and jumps off of the memorial as Bud pushes the handle, blowing up the memorial. The kids and Stan scream, landing in the huge pile of Stan's bird seed unharmed. Cut to the crowd screaming and running away as chunks of the memorial rain down. One hits Bud and knocks him on the ground. Cut to static and zoom out to Gideon's cell, as his TV is knocked offline.
Gideon says: "No!"
Cut to the debate stage. The timer has finished counting down, and the mayor picking eagle is set free. It caws, flies overhead, and settles down near Stan, kissing his head. Cut to the memorial, with half of it molten and destroyed. The view pans down to the stage, where Stan is helping the twins out of the bird seed pile. He brushes himself off.
Crowd says: "Mayor Pines!"
Crowd says: "Mayor Pines!"
Crowd says: "Mayor Pines!"
Crowd says: "Mayor Pines!"
Fireworks begin to go off in the background.
Dipper says: "Well, guess we know who won."
Cut to TV screen showing Stan's face.
Cut to Dipper, Mabel, and Stan in the Mystery Shack watching the TV.
Dipper says: "WHAT?!"
Mabel says: "WHAT?!"
Stan says: "WHAT?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Mabel says: "!"
Stan says: "!"
Shandra says: "Despite winning an overwhelming 95% of the vote, election officials had to disqualify him due to discovery of an extensive criminal record."
Stan says: "Oh boy."
Mabel says: "Stan, what did you do?"
Stan says: "What didn't I do?"
Stan says: "That llama knew too much."
Shandra says: "Due to this shocking development, it would appear the mayorship passes to the only candidate who filled out their paperwork: local enthusiasm enthusiast Tyler Cutebiker."
The view on the TV cuts to Tyler on a podium. Durland and Blubs give him a mayoral sash and a bouquet of flowers. He blushes as the crowd cheers.
Tyler says: "Got it."
Shandra says: "First-degree thermometer theft."
Shandra says: "Pug trafficking."
As Shandra says this, some crimes are listed on the TV screen. The crimes read "FIRST-DEGREE THERMOMETER THEFT. PUG TRAFFICKING. SNACKS EVASION. PICKPOCKETING. WOODPECKER BAITING. IMPERSONATING A DENTIST. GENERAL INDECENCY. GOLF CART THEFT. BINGO FRAUD. TELLING JOKES THAT JUST GO ON AND ON, I MEAN, I HAVE THINGS TO DO TODAY, REALLY." Stan shuts off the TV.".
Stan says: "Whew!"
Stan says: "At least they didn't list any of the bad ones."
Stan says: "On an unrelated topic, I have a lot of cheap pugs and I need to move them fast."
Dipper says: "Aw, I'm sorry, Stan."
Dipper says: "I actually think you as mayor would've been fun."
Stan says: "Eh, maybe it's for the best."
Stan says: "I got close to the dream, though, kids."
Mabel says: "Hey, I knit you something."
Dipper says: "Grunkle Stan, are you crying?"
Stan says: "Come on, kids."
Stan says: "Wanna go vandalize Mayor Tyler's mansion?"
Mabel says: "Yay!"
Dipper says: "He-hey, vandalism!"
Stan walks offscreen, as the twins run to him.
Credits says: "Gideon is in prison, knitting with Ghost-Eyes."
Ghost-Eyes says: "I'm sorry the election thing didn't work out for you, bro."
Ghost-Eyes says: "But if it makes you feel any better, we're gonna throw a riot tonight!"
Ghost-Eyes says: "Does someone wanna throw a riot?"
Gideon says: "Thanks, Ghost-Eyes."
Gideon says: "I'm just not in the mood."
Cut to night. Gideon is in bed, wide awake. He sits up in his bed.
Gideon says: "This poster is the only thing keeping me going."
Gideon gets up and rips the poster off of his wall. Underneath it is a chalk drawing of the Zodiac. The symbols aren't in their normal positions, and some of them are shaped differently. Bill is drawn in the middle, without his eye. Gideon then draws the eye using chalk.
Gideon says: "I'm finally ready to make a deal."