Sign In says: "Don't have an account?"
DVD vol. 1.
DVD vol. 2.
Season 1.
List says: "Tourist Trapped: The Inconveniencing: Bottomless Pit!"
Season 1.
Season 2.
Journal 1.
Journal 2.
Journal 3.
Terrios528.
Wiki Targeted Entertainment.
Do you like this video?
Play Sound says: "This is a transcribed copy for the episode "Weirdmageddon 2: Escape From Reality."
Play Sound says: "" Feel free to edit or add to this page as long as the information comes directly from the episode."
Opens to a squirrel scampering before being eaten by a mailbox.
Sprott says: "End times are here, folks."
Sprott says: "Only way to salvation is to embrace the triangular ways of our overlord."
Sprott says: "Any object with more than three sides is sinful."
Sprott says: "That's it."
Sprott says: "That's probably what Bill wants."
An Eye-Bat comes and Manly Dan screams as he is turned to stone.
Sprott says: "I reckon I've been livin' a lie."
Cut to the Fearamid. Bill Cipher taps a fork on Ford Pines who is still turned to gold and the music stops.
Bill says: "Ladies, gentlemen, that creature with like 87 different faces."
Creature with 88 different faces says: "88 different faces!"
Bill says: "Whoa-ho, sorry - touchy subject."
Bill says: "Anyways, it's been fun turning Gravity Falls inside out, rounding up all its terrified citizens and then stacking them into this massive throne of frozen human agony."
Bill says: "Don't worry, they're not conscious anymore."
Bill says: "Probably."
Lazy Susan says: "Uh, my omelettes."
Lazy Susan says: "They-they have friendly faces."
Bill says: "Whoops."
Bill says: "Hehe, back, back you go there."
Bill says: "Hmm, this might be more complicated than I thought."
Paci-Fire says: "I think I broke something."
Bill says: "Walk it off!"
Cut to the shortened Weirdmageddon theme song. Scene opens on the Prison Bubble and zooms in, showing Dipper Pines, Soos Ramirez and Wendy Corduroy inside the bubble.
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "Okay guys, Bill has taken over the town and if his weirdness spreads he's gonna take over the whole world."
Dipper says: "Our first step to stopping him is rescuing Mabel, but he's got her trapped in this strange prison bubble."
Wendy says: "What is this place anyway?"
The ground starts cracking with rainbow-colored fractures; Soos, Dipper and Wendy scream as they fall.
Soos says: "Guys, if I die, I wanna die hugging."
Dipper says: "Soos, you're choking me."
Soos says: "Let my body be your shield!"
Continued screaming until the three land on a bouncy-house.
Dipper says: "Huh?"
Dipper says: "Is the entire ground a bouncy castle?"
Wendy says: "Do you hear 80's music?"
Soos says: "And does the air smell like childlike wonder?"
Dipper says: "Whoa."
Wendy says: "Whoa."
Soos says: "Whoa."
Dipper says: "This is Mabel's prison?"
Unnamed boy in green says: "Yes."
Unnamed boy in green says: "Definitely."
Unnamed boy in green says: "Absolutely."
Announcer says: "It's fun-o'clock everyone."
Announcer says: "Today's weather calls for rainbows with a chance of dance parties."
Announcer says: "If you are the owner of a unicorn with a top hat, please come to the ice cream beach."
Announcer says: "Your unicorn is being towed."
Soos says: "What is this new world?"
Soos says: "Shining, shimmering, splendid."
A pineapple runs screaming as Xyler and Craz drive up and almost run it over.
Craz says: "Welcome to Mabeland."
Dipper says: "And this is worse than the apocalypse."
Wendy says: "Dude, this place hurts my eyes."
Xyler says: "Oh that's normal."
Xyler says: "Mabeland's rainbows have colors only bees and art students can see."
Xyler says: "Now who wants to go on the grand tour?"
Dipper says: "Do we have a choice?"
Xyler says: "No!"
Craz says: "No!"
They begin driving with Dipper, Soos and Wendy in the car.
Xyler says: "Mabeland is the ultimate paradise and the only rule: there are no rules."
Craz says: "Except for one rule which is very serious."
Craz says: "But no one would ever break it, so it's not worth mentioning."
Xyler says: "Yeah!"
Craz says: "Yeah!"
Dipper says: "Listen creepy dream guys, we're not here to party, okay?"
Dipper says: "We just need to find Mabel and get her out of here."
Dipper says: "Where is she?"
Craz says: "Our home girl Mabel lives at our next stop."
Xyler says: "No rules!"
They arrive at a beach.
Xyler says: "Now, come have rad snacks served by awesome penguins."
Penguins walk up with trays full of food and drinks.
Wendy says: "Oh, score!"
Wendy says: "I'm so hungry."
Soos says: "Yeah, I haven't eaten anything except for part of my hat for the last three days."
Wendy says: "Hah!"
Dipper says: "Can you guys just hold on a second?"
Dipper says: "Do you see what's happening here?"
Dipper says: "Don't forget this world was created by Bill."
Dipper says: "Bill's using Mabel's own fantasies as some sick trap."
Dipper says: "We need to grab Mabel and get the heck out of here."
Craz says: "Oh, Mabel?"
Craz says: "She's at the top of the tallest tower guarded by those big buff waffle guards."
Craz says: "There's no way to get past them!"
Soos says: "Someone hand me some syrup."
Guard says: "Aaah!"
Guard says: "It's happening!"
Guard says: "The moment we've trained for!"
Guard 2.
Oh, don't worry, man! I've got ya- Screams as face is punched out by Wendy.
Wendy says: "It's now or never, guys!"
Cut to the inside of the tower, where several animals are frolicking.
Dipper says: "This is a rescue!"
Dipper says: "Everyone hit the deck!"
Soos says: "Hang in there, Mabel!"
Dipper says: "There she is!"
Dipper says: "Soos!"
Dipper says: "Grab her!"
Dipper says: "Wendy, barricade the door!"
Soos says: "Up you go, little lady."
Mabel says: "Soos?"
Mabel says: "Wendy?"
Mabel says: "Dipper?"
Wendy says: "The waffles are coming back!"
Wendy says: "We gotta hurry!"
Mabel says: "Uh, guys?"
Dipper says: "Don't worry, Mabel, we'll get you out of this!"
Mabel says: "But, Dipper!"
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "What are you doing?"
Dipper says: "We're trying to save you from this prison!"
Mabel says: "This isn't a prison!"
Mabel says: "I made this world!"
Mabel says: "Well, I sort of woke up here."
Mabel says: "It's complicated."
Dipper says: "What are you saying?"
Mabel says: "I'm saying this is my home now."
Mabel says: "And I don't want to be saved!"
Bubble Bear says: "Sorry, Mabel."
Mabel says: "No worries, Bubble Bear."
Commercial break.
Dipper says: "You did what?"
Mabel says: "Look, after you said you wouldn't come back home with me at the end of the summer for your "apprenticeship," I wanted to hide in my sweater forever."
Mabel says: "But then I woke up in a place that gives me exactly what I wanted: an endless summer where I never have to grow up!"
Mabel says: "Here the sun shines all day, the party never ends, and now that you guys are here, it's finally perfect!"
Dipper says: "Listen, Mabel, we're not here to party."
Dipper says: "All of this is crazy!"
Mabel says: "Ugghh."
Mabel says: "I figured you might say something like that, Dipper."
Mabel says: "That's why I prepared a backup Dipper with a more supportive attitude."
Soos says: "Oh!"
Soos says: "I'm sorry, I can't leave him hanging!"
Soos says: "Yus!"
Dipper says: "You're dead to me, Soos."
Mabel says: "Trust me, you guys are gonna love it here."
Mabel says: "This world always knows what you want."
Mabel says: "Sometimes even before you do!"
Mabel says: "Apparently I wanted a chinchilla!"
Mabel says: "Right again, Mabeland!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, listen to yourself."
Dipper says: "This is crazy!"
Dipper says: "I'm sorry about our fight, and I'm sorry things aren't great right now but that doesn't mean you can just stay in here forever!"
Dippy Fresh says: "Hey, take a chill pill!"
Dippy Fresh says: "Those grow on trees here!"
Dipper says: "YOU STAY OUT OF THIS, DIPPY FRESH!"
Soos says: "Dude, calm down; Dippy Fresh didn't do anything to you, dawg."
Mabel says: "I know it sounds too good to be true, but just give this place a chance!"
Mabel says: "Mabeland knows just what you want and always provides!"
Soos says: "Pudding center."
Soos says: "Nice!"
Wendy says: "Uh, actually, Mabel, I'm with Dipper on this."
Thompson says: "Wendy!"
Tambry says: "Wendy!"
Lee says: "Wendy!"
Nate says: "Wendy!"
Wendy says: "Wha- guys?"
Wendy says: "You're safe!"
Lee says: "We've got a monster truck full of fireworks, fake IDs, and pranking supplies."
Nate says: "Wanna drive this truck to the high school and glue this plunger to the principal's head?"
Dipper says: "Wendy!"
Dipper says: "?"
Soos says: "Don't worry, dude."
Soos says: "There's nothing in this world that could break me from our mission."
A muscular man with a wrestling mask and a champion belt that says "PAPI" enters.
Ernesto says: "Soos, mijo."
Ernesto says: "I have returned."
Soos says: "Holy- whoa, whoa."
Soos says: "Dad?"
Ernesto says: "You don't remember what I look like, so I have the body of a pro wrestler and a face you once saw on a hot sauce bottle."
Ernesto says: "I was never there for you, but in this world, I can be."
Soos says: "You're perfect!"
Dipper says: "It's a trap!"
Dipper says: "Don't go with him, Soos!"
Dipper says: "No matter what he offers you!"
Ernesto says: "Want to play catch?"
Soos says: "I'm sorry, dude."
Soos says: "Even if it is all a dream, I've gotta play just one game."
Soos says: "Hahaha!"
Soos says: "Come on, Dad!"
Dipper says: "Okay, this has gone too far!"
Dipper says: "You can't honestly think these fantasies are good for anyone!"
Mabel says: "You can't argue with the results: people are happy here!"
Mabel says: "Does it really matter if it's real or not?"
Mabel says: "For once, stop listening to your head and listen to your heart."
Mabel says: "Mabeland has something for everyone!"
Mabel says: "Even you!"
Dipper says: "Nope."
Dipper says: "Not looking."
Dipper says: "Not looking."
Cut to the Fearamid. The demons groan.
Keyhole says: "Bill!"
Keyhole says: "Uh, sorry, Boss, but Gideon let the Pines family escape!"
Keyhole says: "They're inside Mabel's bubble as we speak!"
Bill says: "Buddy, Mabel's bubble is the most diabolical trap I've ever created."
Bill says: "It would take a will of titanium not to give into its temptation."
Bill says: "Fetch me Gideon and take the rest of the day off."
Bill says: "Things just got a little more interesting."
Cut to Mabeland. Dipper is standing in front of a river.
Stuffed Animal Tree says: "Bum ba bum bo, I'm a stuffed animal tree..."
Stuffed animals says: "He's a stuffed animal tee-hee-hee!"
Dipper says: "Who am I kidding?"
Dipper says: "Maybe Mabel's right."
Dipper says: "It's a horror show out there."
Dipper says: "At least the air in here is breathable."
Fake Wendy says: "Dude, you're talking to a river."
Dipper says: "Oh, hey, Wendy, what's up?"
Dipper says: "I thought you were busy wrecking the school or whatever."
Fake Wendy says: "Yeah, that got old quick."
Fake Wendy says: "And this music is really starting to get on my nerves."
Fake Wendy says: "I think that stuff you said about this place is right."
Dipper says: "Really?"
Dipper says: "Well, now we just need a plan."
Fake Wendy says: "Don't worry, you always think of something."
Fake Wendy says: "You know, you're so much smarter than like everyone else."
Fake Wendy says: "Heh."
Fake Wendy says: "It's kinda funny."
Fake Wendy says: "If you were older you'd be like, my dream guy."
Dipper says: "Wait, do you really mean that?"
Fake Wendy says: "Wait a minute."
Fake Wendy says: "In this place you can be any age you want!"
Fake Wendy says: "If we were the same age  maybe you and me could, I don't know, actually be together."
Dipper says: "Wait, really?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Fake Wendy says: "I bet, if we ask Mabel, she could do it right now!"
Fake Wendy says: "In this place it could finally be just you and me."
Fake Wendy says: "Come on, man!"
Fake Wendy says: "Just take my hand."
Dipper says: "Wait, aaahhh,..."
Dipper says: "this isn't real!"
The fake Wendy turns into a bunch of centipedes and the sky darkens.
Stuffed animal tree says: "You shouldn't have done that, Dippeerrrr!"
Stuffed animal tree says: "We're watching you."
Stuffed animals says: "THERE ARE EYES EVERYWHERE."
The sky brightens again. Sev'ral Timez rides by on a long bike.
Sev'ral Timez says: "Hey, Dipper."
Stuffed animal tree says: "Dup a dup dup I'm a stuffed animal treeee..."
The people on the streets turn to Dipper and gasp.
Dipper says: "Hey!"
Guard says: "Under Article Smiley Face of Exhibit Squeaky Duck, you are hereby accused of breaking our one rule: mentioning reality."
The crowd mutters.
Guard says: "Prepare to be banished from this land FOREVER."
A portal to the real world opens.
Dipper says: "MABEL!"
Dipper says: "You're smarter than this!"
Dipper says: "Bill has you hypnotized or something!"
Dipper says: "Are you really gonna let them banish me?!"
Dipper says: "!"
Mabel says: "No!"
Mabel says: "Of course not; that's my brother, guys!"
Mabel says: "There's gotta be another way."
Guard says: "Very well."
Guard says: "If Dipper wishes to stay, he must plead his case in the ultimate trial."
Guard says: "Of fantasy vs."
Guard says: "reality."
Guard says: "Hey!"
Guard says: "Seriously?"
Soos says: "It was him."
Cut to the courtroom. Soos and Wendy are sitting in the crowd. Duck-tective lands near Soos and grabs his shirt. Dipper and Mabel are sitting at a table near the front.
Dipper says: "Seriously, Mabel?"
Dipper says: "You're letting them take our argument to court?"
Mabel says: "Hey, I didn't make the rules in Mabeland."
Dipper says: "Yes, you did!"
Dipper says: "There's a tapestry of you making the rules!"
Policegiraffe says: "All rise!"
Policegiraffe says: "For the honorable Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Ooh!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Hahaw!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Oh!"
Policegiraffe says: "Judge?"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Sorry, sorry."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Dippy, come on out."
Dippy Fresh says: "Flip-a-dip-dip!"
Dipper says: "I hate him."
Dipper says: "So."
Dipper says: "much!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "The final decision will be made by a jury of your peers."
Mabel 2.
Hi, there! I love your headband!
Mabel 3.
Shut your mouth, I love your headband!
Mabel 6.
We're all wearing the same headband!
Jury Mabels says: "HEADBANDS!"
Dipper says: "Look, Mabel, this whole thing is ridiculous."
Dipper says: "But if winning a trial is what it takes to get you to come home with us, then so be it."
Mabel says: "I'm sorry, Dipper, but I can only speak through my legal team now."
Craz says: "We have a doctorate degree in hunkiness!"
Xyler says: "Also criminal and international law."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Let's hear openin' statements."
Xyler says: "Your honor, townsfolk, lovely ladies of the jury."
Mabel 2.
Oh, he's talking about us!
Mabel 3.
Falls out of her seat.
Mabel 6.
We're not that lovely.
Craz says: "My case is simple: this very unrighteous dude thinks that reality is better than fantasy."
Dipper says: "Objection your honor, that's conjecture."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Meowverruled."
Xyler says: "I'd like to show you this "reality" that Dipper loves so much, and show you how it has wronged my client, and Dipper, their entire lives."
Xyler says: "Exhibit A."
The crowd mutters.
Xyler says: "Mabel's scrapbook."
Dipper says: "Photo day."
Dipper and Mabel, in second grade, are sitting in a chair with some other kids getting their picture taken.
Dipper says: "Darn allergies."
Kid says: "Have fun, brat!"
Other kids laugh.
Mabel says: "Ah!"
Mabel says: "Gum!"
Mabel says: "You ruined my hair!"
Mabel says: "Dipper, what do I do?"
Dipper says: "Um, well, I, um."
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Craz says: "Mabel's fantasy was having a great school photo, but reality had other plans."
Dipper says: "Look, that was one bad day!"
Xyler says: "One of many."
Xyler says: "February fourteenth, fourth grade."
Xyler says: "Valentine's Day."
Dipper says: "Oh, come on, man, you can't."
Scene changes to Dipper and Mabel in fourth grade in their classroom. Mabel has a bag full of Valentine's cards.
Mabel says: "How many valentines did you get, Dipper?"
Fat kid says: "Oh, hey, haha!"
Fat kid says: "Dipper didn't get any!"
Fat kid says: "Oh, man, I thought I was the class loser!"
Fat kid says: "Hey, everyone, Dipstick didn't get any!"
Kids says: "Dipstick!"
Kids says: "Dipstick!"
Kids says: "Dipstick!"
Fat kid says: "I can't believe that kid's your brother."
Scene changes to the courtroom.
Dipper says: "Hey, what's the point of all this?"
Dipper says: "That was in the past!"
Xyler says: "Is your life any better now, bro?"
Xyler says: "Broken promises."
Xyler says: "That's reality for you."
Craz says: "Out there, it's nothing but heartbreak."
Craz says: "But in here, who wants pug sundaes?!"
Craz says: "!"
Craz says: "Hand me a microphone, Xyler."
Xyler says: "Totally righteous, bro!"
Craz says: "Are we brothers?"
Xyler says: "I don't know!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Well, I think we're ready for a verdict."
Dipper says: "Wait!"
Dipper says: "I haven't even presented my case!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Do you even have a case?"
Dipper says: "Yes, I do, your honor."
Dipper says: "I call as a witness: Mabel Pines!"
The crowd gasps.
Mabel says: "Uh, objection?"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "I'll allow it."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Us cats are famously curious."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Meow meow."
Mabel 4.
Booo!
Mabel 3.
What, come on!
Mabel 7.
GUILTY!
Dipper says: "But I know one thing well, and that's you."
Dipper says: "And I know that although you might act like it, you don't wanna be in this fantasy world."
Mabel says: "Uh, pffsh, yeah right."
Dipper says: "You're scared."
Dipper says: "Of growing up."
Dipper says: "And who could blame you; I'm scared, too."
Dipper says: "Look, real life stinks sometimes, okay, I'm not gonna lie."
Dipper says: "But there's a better way to get through it than denial, and that's with help from people who care about you."
Dipper says: "It's how we've gotten through our whole lives."
Dipper says: "Just look."
Dipper says: "Mabel!"
Dipper says: "I figured out a way to fix your photo!"
Mabel says: "What?"
Mabel says: "You have a wig?"
Dipper says: "No!"
Dipper says: "But, I have a razor!"
Mabel says: "Haha!"
Mabel says: "You're crazy!"
Dipper says: "Haaa!"
Mabel says: "Haaa!"
Dipper says: "Mabel, I thought you were living a fantasy, but look at me!"
Dipper says: "I actually thought I was gonna stay here and be Ford's apprentice!"
Dipper says: "Spend my entire teens cooped up in a basement with a labcoat?"
Dipper says: "How ridiculous is that?"
Dipper says: "I don't know what's gonna happen in the future, but whatever it is, you don't have to fear because we'll do it together."
Dipper says: "I'm not taking Ford's apprenticeship."
Dipper says: "We've traveled to Heck and back to get you and we're goin' back together."
Dipper says: "Leave this fantasy world."
Dipper says: "Let's beat Bill and grow up together."
Crowd mutters.
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "ORDER!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "ORDER!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "ORDER IN THE COURT!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "DANG IT why is this hammer squeaky?!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "!"
Mabel says: "You mean it?"
Mabel says: "You're really coming home with me?"
Dipper says: "Yes."
Dipper says: "Definitely."
Dipper says: "Absolutely."
Dipper says: "Awkward sibling hug?"
Crowd shrieks.
Blue Bird says: "Just don't do it!"
Craz says: "DON'T DO IT!"
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "You do this and it's all over!"
Mabel says: "Sincere sibling hug."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "DON'T DO THE PATS!"
Mabel says: "Aw, man, I never noticed how bright this place is, ugh!"
Mabel says: "Have I actually been listening to the same song for an entire week?"
Mabel says: "Whoa, time to calm you down."
Judge Kitty Kitty Meow Meow Face-Shwartstein says: "Because your reign over this land is OVER!"
The crowd turns gray and their eyes glow red.
Mabel says: "We gotta get out of here!"
Dipper says: "Soos!"
Dipper says: "Wendy!"
Dipper says: "Paradise is canceled!"
The humans run away as the whole world turns gray.
Mabel says: "Everyone get on!"
They get on Waddles, who is the size of an elephant.
Mabel says: "Take us to freedom, Giant Waddles!"
Mabel says: "Yah!"
Mabel says: "Alright, guys, are you ready for this?"
Mabel says: "Ugh."
Mabel says: "You all good, everyone good?"
Waddles shrinks back to his normal size. Everyone is wearing the clothing they were wearing before.
Soos says: "We've missed you, Mabel."
Mabel says: "Hey, Dipper?"
Mabel says: "I appreciate what you said back there, but if you want to take Ford's apprenticeship, I won't get in your way."
Dipper says: "Psh."
Dipper says: "And miss out on your awkward teen years?"
Dipper says: "You wish."
Mabel says: "Oh boy."
Cut to everyone at ground level.
Mabel says: "Where is everyone?"
Wendy says: "The town's deserted."
Soos says: "Did Bill already win?"
Dipper says: "Come on, guys."
Dipper says: "Let's see if we can still go hide out in the Shack."
Cut to the Mystery Shack.
Dipper says: "Yes!"
Dipper says: "It's in shambles!"
Dipper says: "Just like we left it."
Wendy says: "Oh, man, this is the first time I've ever felt happy going to work."
Mabel says: "Hello, house."
Mabel says: "Hello, porch."
Mabel says: "Hello, wads of gum I left stuck to the couch."
Soos says: "Let's get 'em, dudes."
Dipper says: "Yaaahh!!"
Mabel says: "Yaaahh!!"
Soos says: "Yaaahh!!"
Wendy says: "Yaaahh!!"
Celestabellebethabelle says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Chutzpar says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Bats Biker says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Woodpecker guy says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Candy says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Stan Pines says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Grenda says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Sheriff Blubs says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Pacifica Northwest says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Old Man McGucket says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
some Gnomes says: "Yaaaahhhh!!"
Dipper says: "Stan?"
Mabel says: "Stan?"
Stan says: "Kids?"
Multi-Bear says: "Just so everyone knows, we're out of toilet paper."
Multi-Bear says: "Did I miss something?"
Cut to end credits. Xyler and Craz emerge from a pile of confetti.
Xyler says: "Woah!"
Xyler says: "We survived!"
Craz says: "Where are we?"
Xyler says: "Are we real?"
Xyler says: "Is this reality?"
Xyler says: "Jean-Paul Sartre postulated that every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance."
Craz says: "Totally righteous, bro."
Xyler says: "I know!"