Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is sitting on the couch in the living room, deep in contemplation and having several flashbacks.
Flashback - "Back to the Moon".
Eyeball says: "I watched the leader of the Crystal Gems, Rose Quartz, shatter Pink Diamond!"
Flashback - "Jungle Moon".
Back in Steven's dream, Pink Diamond punched the glass in Yellow Diamond's Jungle Moon Base in anger, smashing it.
Flashback - "The Trial".
Zircon D.
So how did a Rose Quartz, with no business being anywhere near Pink Diamond, get so close in the first place?
Flashback - "Can't Go Back".
Back in Steven's dream again, a silhouette of Pearl held up Rose's Sword behind Pink Diamond and glared at Steven intimidatingly.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven gasps in fright from Pearl's glare in his dream, snapping him out of his thoughts, when Pearl and Amethyst walk into the house.
Amethyst says: "I can't believe you've had your phone for a month, and you haven't used it at all!"
Pearl says: "That's not true!"
Pearl says: "I use it to tell the time!"
Steven groans in anxiety, as Pearl and Amethyst sit by the kitchen counter.
Amethyst says: "Sigh..."
Amethyst says: "Come here, P."
Amethyst says: "Huh, let's change your wallpaper."
Amethyst takes Pearl's cellphone and takes a selfie, setting it as the wallpaper.
Amethyst says: "Looks great."
Amethyst says: "Okay, now texting is in the messages."
Amethyst says: "Hold on, Stevo."
Amethyst says: "I'm in the middle of a demonstration."
Amethyst says: "Hey, anyway..."
Amethyst says: "Then you can type pretty much anything you want."
Steven receives a text from Pearl, reading "Dear Steven, Hello. Love, Pearl".
Amethyst says: "You should get a case for that thing."
Pearl says: "I do."
Amethyst says: "Okay."
Amethyst says: "I have a whole bunch of actual phone cases in my room."
Amethyst says: "Don't go and throw that thing against a rock or anything until I'm back."
Amethyst enter the Temple Gate into her room. With Pearl now alone, Steven approaches her nervously.
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "What is it, Steven?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "You remember how Mom shattered Pink Diamond?"
Steven says: "Well, I was just wondering, if maybe..."
Steven says: "You shattered Pink Diamond."
Pearl quickly covers her hands over her mouth involuntarily, dropping her phone onto the floor.
Steven says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "You can tell me."
Pearl struggles to speak, with her hands still covering her mouth.
Steven says: "Why can't you just talk to me about this!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst returns, holding a phone case in her hand, and quickly senses the uneasiness in the room.
Amethyst says: "I got the..."
Amethyst says: "phone..."
Amethyst says: "case..."
Pearl slowly uncovers her mouth and begins shouting hysterically.
Pearl says: "AH YES, THE PHONE CASE!"
Pearl says: "THANK YOU AMETHYST!"
Pearl says: "Whoops, so clumsy, it's probably safer if I just keep it in here."
Pearl picks up her phone and stores it into her gem. She then grabs the suitcase and marches into the Temple.
Amethyst says: "Wait, come on, just, put it in this, then put in in your head."
Pearl walks through the Temple Gate and it closes.
Amethyst says: "What was that?"
Steven sighs in great dismay.
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven is eating fry bits by the fries shop, when he receives a text from Pearl on his phone.
Steven says: "*reading* "I want to tell you, but I can't"?"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven quickly rushes back home, where Pearl is vacuuming the Warp Pad.
Steven says: "PEARL I'M READY TO TALK!"
Pearl says: "*stops vacuuming* Uh- What?"
Steven says: "I got your text!"
Steven says: ""I want to tell you, but I can't"?"
Steven says: "With a monkey  emoji?"
Pearl says: "Steven, I didn't send that."
Pearl says: "I haven't used my phone since I put it away this morning."
Steven says: "Maybe you butt-dialed me?"
Steven says: "With your gem?"
Pearl says: "No, that's impossible!"
Pearl says: "Hang on, I'll pull it out and we'll get to the bottom of this."
Pearl proceeds to pull several items out of her gem, such a violin, an aerodynamic book, Steven's shirt and a bundle of cash, but no phone.
Pearl says: "Maybe this?"
Pearl says: "No."
Pearl says: "Maybe this?"
Pearl says: "No!"
Pearl says: "Maybe- Ma-May this?"
Pearl says: "NO!"
Steven says: "Pearl, are you okay?"
Pearl says: "*pulls up a film roll* Where could I've put it!"
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "I know it's in there somewhere!"
Steven says: "*gasps* You just sent another one!"
Steven shows Pearl his phone, this time a text of a single hibiscus flower 🌺 emoji. Pearl suddenly comes to a horrific realization.
Pearl says: "Steven, I need you to go inside my gem and find my phone."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I-Is it stuck in there or something?"
Pearl says: "There are certain things I can't tell you, but I CAN tell you that I need my phone."
Pearl says: "Please."
Pearl says: "I can bring you back out once you find what you're looking for."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Your phone?"
Pearl says: "Exactly!"
Pearl says: "I'll keep your phone, text me with mine when you find it."
Steven nods and Pearl offers him her hand. Steven accepts it and Pearl's gem begins glowing, levitating him up and pulling him inside.
Trans. Int. Pearl's Dimension.
Steven opens his eyes and finds himself in a white room, with a Pearl humming and arranging an array of spears.
Steven says: "There's a Pearl, inside Pearl's pearl?"
Pearl #1.
Oh, Steven! *picks Steven up* Where should I put you? Certainly not with the spears. Human paraphernalia? Personal items? Let's just go alphabetical. "S"... "S-t"...
Pearl #1 begins scrolling an array of neatly-arranged items and is about to slot Steven in between the stethoscope and the sticker.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "No, don't file me!"
Steven says: "You sent me in here for your cellphone."
Pearl #1.
My phone? Well, alright. *sets Steven down* Let's see...
Pearl #1 scrolls through the items, towards the ones categorized under "P", such as a potted plant and various phone numbers.
Pearl #1.
Pearl #1 scrolls to the "C" category and points at an empty slot in between a roll of cellophane and a cleaver, which shocked Pearl.
Pearl #1.
It should be right here! Unless... some other me took it.
Steven says: "There's more of you in here?"
Pearl #1.
Oh no, not here. I made sure of that. I am very good at compartmentalizing everything. That's why I get to be surface, and they have to be put away.
Steven says: "Well if one of those Pearls has the phone, can you tell me how to find her?"
Pearl #1.
Oh, you don't want to go back where they are. It's a mess. Let's just stay here, where everything is alphabetized!
Steven says: "Come on, I can handle it!"
Pearl #1.
Pearl #1 holds Steven's hand and her gem glows, pulling Steven inside again.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple Pearl's Memory.
Steven looks around and finds himself on the beach, right in front of the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "This doesn't look like a mess."
Steven says: "It looks like..."
Steven says: "the past."
Steven then hears sobbing behind the hand of the Temple statue on the beach. He looks over and finds another Pearl crying in distress.
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "That kind of mess."
Steven runs up to Pearl #2 and sits down besides her.
Steven says: "Hey, Pearl inside Pearl inside Pearl's pearl."
Steven says: "You upset about the whole missing phone situation too?"
Pearl #2.
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "This is awkward."
Pearl #2.
What am I going to do when she disappears? I'm going to lose her! Just like I lost my- *turns to Steven* What was it you said?
Steven says: "Your cellphone?"
Pearl #2.
My cellphone! *sobs loudly*.
Steven says: "It's going to be okay."
Steven says: "*hugs her* That's why you sent me in here, I'm gonna help you find it."
Pearl #2.
Pearl #2 takes Steven's hand and her gem glows, pulling him inside again.
Trans. Gem Battlefield Pearl's Memory.
Steven arrives in the middle of the Gem Battlefield at its aftermath. He walks around and accidentally trips over, noticing several gems on the ground. He gasps and jumps back in fright.
Steven says: "It's better not turn out her phone was in her pocket."
Steven says: "*continues walking around* Or she left it on the dresser or dropped it in the toilet."
Steven says: "Seems about as likely as putting it in your repressed war memories!"
Steven finds yet another Pearl standing alone in the battlefield, staring out into the distance in a daze.
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Steven says: "I mean, Pearl inside Pearl inside Pearl inside Pearl's pearl?"
Steven says: "Is this really about your phone or what?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl #3.
Steven says: "What do you mean?"
Steven says: "Just tell me!"
Pearl #3 shakes her head and takes Steven's hand. Her gem glows and Steven is pulled inside again.
Trans. Ext. Pink Diamond's Palanquin Pearl's Memory.
Steven finds himself kneeling on the ground, in front of several pink gem shards and hibiscus flowers on the ground. Loud voices and weapon clashing are heard in the background. Steven picks up a shard and looks up, spotting Rose in a cloud of pink dust, having swung her sword at whatever was there. Tears then stream down her face.
Steven says: "Mom?"
Steven gets up, holding the shard and walks towards Rose.
Steven says: "I thought this was Pearl's- What are you doing here?"
Rose looks up, revealing she has Pearl's eyes.
Steven says: "W-What?!"
Steven says: "!"
A scream is heard, presumably Jasper's, causing "Rose" to turn her head and reveal Pearl's gem on her forehead.
Steven says: "I- I knew it."
Steven says: "It was you who shattered her."
Pearl, shapeshifted as Rose, opens her fist and reveals a pink diamond gem in her hand to Steven.
Steven says: "Pink..."
Steven says: "Diamond?"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "I don't understand."
Pearl's gem glows again, pulling Steven in one last time.
Trans. Int. Pink Diamond's Palanquin Pearl's Memory.
Steven this time finds himself sitting on the throne inside the palanquin, and he gets off of it.
Steven says: "The palanquin?"
Steven then hears voices behind the throne. He walks around the throne and spots Rose conversing with another Pearl inside the palanquin.
Rose says: "And then we'll be done."
Rose says: "It's going to be easy!"
Pearl #4.
There's got to be another way. I mean, maybe-.
Rose says: "Blue and Yellow don't care; they never have."
Rose says: "This is Pink Diamond's colony."
Rose says: "We can end it all right here, right now."
Pearl #4.
Rose says: "I know!"
Rose says: "Isn't it exciting?!"
Rose says: "!"
Pearl #4.
Rose says: "We can leave our old lives behind."
Rose says: "If this is really my world, I want to give it to the Crystal Gems."
Rose says: "I want to live here with human beings!"
Rose says: "I wanna live here with you!"
Rose says: "We'll both finally be free!"
Pearl #4.
Rose says: "*excitedly* Peeearl!"
Steven continues watching intently as Rose holds Pearl's hands.
Pearl #4.
I can't believe I'm going to do this.
Rose says: "I can't exactly shatter myself."
(Rose says: "Pink Diamond."
Pearl hug each other says: "Pink Diamond."
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: "Pink Diamond."
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: "Pink Diamond."
(Rose says: "Steven presses himself against the throne, as Pink Diamond and Pearl #4 walk past."
Pearl hug each other says: "Steven presses himself against the throne, as Pink Diamond and Pearl #4 walk past."
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: "Steven presses himself against the throne, as Pink Diamond and Pearl #4 walk past."
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: "Steven presses himself against the throne, as Pink Diamond and Pearl #4 walk past."
(Rose says: "Pink Diamond steps out of the palanquin and returns with a single hibiscus flower and a pile of dirt in her hand."
Pearl hug each other says: "Pink Diamond steps out of the palanquin and returns with a single hibiscus flower and a pile of dirt in her hand."
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: "Pink Diamond steps out of the palanquin and returns with a single hibiscus flower and a pile of dirt in her hand."
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: "Pink Diamond steps out of the palanquin and returns with a single hibiscus flower and a pile of dirt in her hand."
(Rose says: "Pearl takes the flower and puts it in her hair."
Pearl hug each other says: "Pearl takes the flower and puts it in her hair."
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: "Pearl takes the flower and puts it in her hair."
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: "Pearl takes the flower and puts it in her hair."
(Rose says: "Pink Diamond blows into the dust pile and tightly squeezes it, compressing it into fake gem shards, surprising Steven."
Pearl hug each other says: "Pink Diamond blows into the dust pile and tightly squeezes it, compressing it into fake gem shards, surprising Steven."
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: "Pink Diamond blows into the dust pile and tightly squeezes it, compressing it into fake gem shards, surprising Steven."
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: "Pink Diamond blows into the dust pile and tightly squeezes it, compressing it into fake gem shards, surprising Steven."
(Rose says: ")"
Pearl hug each other says: ")"
Rose begins shapeshifting. Steven watches says: ")"
gasps in shock as Rose turns back into her normal self says: ")"
Pink Diamond says: "Convincing?"
Pearl #4.
Pink Diamond says: "Soon, it will be just Rose."
Pink Diamond pops the shards into her mouth and swallows them. Pearl begins to unsheathe the sword but Pink Diamond halts her.
Pink Diamond says: "Wait!"
Pink Diamond says: "There's one last thing I need to do."
Pearl #4.
Pink Diamond says: "No one can ever find out we did this."
Pink Diamond says: "I never want to look back."
Pink Diamond says: "*folds Pearl's hands to cover her mouth* So, for my last order to you as a Diamond, please, let's never speak of this again."
Pink Diamond says: "No one can know."
Pink Diamond stands up and proceeds to step outside her palanquin. Steven gasps in shock as Pearl #4 turns to look at him, having noticing him behind the throne.
Pearl #4.
Sorry to make you come all this way.
Pearl #4 holds out her cellphone to Steven, and he takes it, looking surprised. Pearl #4 then shapeshifts into Rose in front of him, picks up the sword and heads outside. Steven proceeds to text Pearl that he has found her phone, and he begins being pulled out.
Trans. Ext. Pink Diamond's Palanquin Pearl's Memory.
A sequence of flashbacks plays by as Steven gets pulled down. Outside the palanquin, Pearl poofed and "shattered" Pink Diamond with Rose's sword. Several other Gems witnessed the event unraveling, not knowing Pearl was hiding Pink Diamond's gem in her hand.
Trans. Gem Battlefield Pearl's Memory.
In the battlefield, Garnet and Pearl fought against other Gems, when a bright light engulfed the sky and the entire field, presumingly ending the war.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple Pearl's Memory.
In front of the Crystal Temple, Pearl placed her hands on Rose Quartz's pregnant tummy. Slipping into depression, Pearl got comforted by Garnet and Amethyst in the temple.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven falls out of Pearl's gem onto the floor and looks at Pearl.
Steven says: "I know..."
Pearl says: "*tearing up* I wanted to tell you for so long."
Steven says: "Mom was Pink Diamond..."
Amethyst and Garnet are then seen standing right behind Steven, both in shock and surprise.
Amethyst says: "WHAAAAAAT!"
Amethyst says: "?"
END.