Open Int. Beach House.
Garnet and Steven warp back onto the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, with Steven still traumatized back what happened in Korea.
Steven says: "This can't be happening."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "You're back!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steve-O."
Steven says: "Forget that!"
Steven says: "We have to catch up with her!"
Pearl says: "What!"
Pearl says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Who?"
Garnet says: "Blue Diamond."
Pearl says: "Blue Diamond!"
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "*starts panicking* O-O-On Earth!"
Pearl says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Holy smokes!"
Amethyst says: "They're all coming out of the woodwork."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, turn into a chair."
Pearl says: "I-I need to sit down."
Steven says: "She took Dad!"
Steven says: "She alien-abducted him, and it's all my fault!"
Amethyst says: "She took Greg!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Pearl says: "Our Greg?"
Amethyst says: "What other Greg is there!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "How are we gonna get him back!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven says: "What did she even want him for?"
Steven says: "To eat him!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "T-to put him in a zoo!"
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "Wait."
Pearl says: "That might be it."
Steven says: "*gasps* She's gonna eat him!"
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "What?"
Pearl says: "No."
Pearl says: "But there was a..."
Pearl says: "No."
Pearl says: "No, it couldn't possibly still exist."
Garnet says: "That's right!"
Garnet says: "Pink Diamond's insidious human zoo."
Steven says: "What?"
Garnet says: "During her reign on Earth, Pink Diamond stole humans from their families as trophies of her conquest."
Amethyst says: "You gotta be kidding."
Pearl says: "Oh no."
Pearl says: "It was very serious."
Pearl says: "When I still served..."
Pearl says: "*glances away for a moment*..."
Pearl says: "Homeworld, I saw it myself."
Pearl says: "A private menagerie deep in space."
Pearl says: "Humans in captivity."
Pearl says: "We were never able to rescue them."
Pearl says: "We had no way to get to them after the war."
Pearl says: "But, that was over 5,000 years ago."
Amethyst says: "You really think Greg's there?"
Pearl says: "Steven, Blue Diamond wanted him alive?"
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven says: "She liked him!"
Pearl says: "I can't think of anywhere else she'd put him if she wanted to keep him, that is if the zoo's still there."
Steven says: "It's our only chance!"
Steven says: "But, how are we going to get there?"
Garnet says: "With the Roaming Eye."
Amethyst says: "The Ruby ship?"
Garnet says: "That's right."
Garnet says: "We're going into space, and we're not coming back without Greg."
Peridot says: "Let's see."
Peridot says: "Rear pulsar trackers are tracking pulsars."
Peridot says: "The atmosphere shield seems functional, but you're not going to need that in space, obviously."
Garnet says: "Well, make sure it is safe for Steven."
Peridot says: "He should be fine."
Peridot says: "But, I think I should go in and change the system preferences the Rubies set."
Peridot says: "How do you feel about green lights instead of red?"
Steven says: "There's no time for that!"
Steven says: "If it works, then let's just do it already!"
Steven walks towards the barn while talking to Connie on his phone.
Steven says: "Sorry, Connie, but we just can't wait."
Steven says: "Dad's in trouble, and we need to go into space to get him back."
Steven says: "There's no time."
Steven says: "We're going right now."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Just protect Beach City while we're gone."
Pearl says: "So, if I input the coordinates, it will take us right there?"
Peridot says: "It's a little more complicated than that."
Peridot says: "These aren't your Era 1 light kites."
Peridot says: "You're gonna be pretty much bending reality if you turn on the gravity engine."
Peridot says: "Come to think of it, I should really change the Ruby preferences on that, too."
Steven says: "So what, so it's red!"
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "We gotta go!"
Pearl says: "Rubies aside, will it fly?"
Peridot says: "Short answer, yes."
Amethyst says: "Okay, let's go!"
Garnet says: "Lapis, Peridot, stay here."
Garnet says: "You'll have to protect Beach City if something happens while we're gone."
Lapis gives a thumbs-up.
Peridot says: "You can count on us!"
Garnet gets into the ship, shutting the hatch, and the Roaming Eye begins flying into space. Pearl pilots the ship while Steven watches Earth shrink in distance.
Steven says: "Don't worry, Dad."
Steven says: "We're on our way."
Steven says: "*keeps gazing into space* I hope you got to see some of this."
Steven says: "There's enough out here for a whole album about the cosmos."
Suddenly, the ship starts rumbling.
Pearl says: "Space turbulence!"
The Roaming Eye encounters an asteroid field. Pearl begins skillfully piloting the ship around the incoming asteroids.
Garnet says: "Sweet moves."
Pearl says: "Hold on."
Pearl navigates the Roaming Eye until it exits the asteroid field.
Steven says: "Alright."
Steven says: "How much further till we get to- Uhh!"
Suddenly, Doc, still stuck in space, collides into the ship's windscreen, before rolling away. The ship then collides into Navy and Army, who are trying to grab each other's hands, and they roll away too.
Steven says: "Sorry, Rubies."
Garnet says: "We should really do something about them."
Steven says: "We can pick them up on the way back."
Steven says: "Dad comes first."
Steven says: "How much longer till we get there?"
Pearl says: "Well, at our current speed, we should be reaching the human zoo in..."
Pearl says: "approximately seventy human years!"
Pearl says: "Just in time for Greg's 110th anniversary of being alive."
Steven says: "Pearl, my dad's not healthy enough to live that long."
Pearl says: "Ehh..."
Pearl says: "Do you think he'll be able to make it to 109?"
Garnet says: "Before we left, Peridot did mention the gravity engine."
Amethyst says: "Oh yeah."
Amethyst says: "She said it bends reality."
Pearl says: "Oh, I'm sure she was exaggerating."
Pearl says: "It probably just alters the definition for speed by manipulating space-time, but what effect would that have on organic matter?"
Pearl says: "It might flatten Steven's body into a pancake of skin and bones."
Amethyst says: "Eww, bones are gross."
Garnet says: "You have bones in your bedroom."
Amethyst says: "That's different."
Amethyst says: "Those are my bones."
Steven says: "If being a pancake means saving my dad, then bring on the syrup!"
Steven slams his palm onto the control panel, activating the gravity engine. Steven screams as the ship speeds up drastically, causing him to black out.
Time-Skip.
Steven lays unconscious next to the captain's seat, until the Gems starts calling out to him, waking him up.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "I'm fine."
Steven says: "I-I think I just blacked out."
Steven says: "Umm.."
Steven says: "Are you guys okay?"
The activation of the gravity engine happens to flatten the Gems instead of Steven. Amethyst starts giggling at her peculiar appearance.
Garnet says: "You tell me."
Pearl says: "Uhh..."
Pearl says: "NO!"
Pearl says: "We're NOT okay!"
Steven says: "Uhh, why do you guys look like that?"
Garnet says: "The gravity warp seems to be affecting our bodies."
Amethyst says: "Please tell me this lasts forever."
Pearl says: "Our bodies are made of light, and usually, they form a mass dependent on the air pressure and the level of gravity in the environment."
Pearl says: "But we're in a situation, where the normal laws of physics don't apply."
Amethyst says: "Who cares?"
Amethyst says: "It's funny."
Pearl says: "In what way is this funny!"
Pearl says: "?"
Steven says: "So, you guys aren't doing this on purpose?"
Steven says: "Can't you shapeshift back?"
Amethyst says: "Hold on."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Purple Puma, yet remaining the same height* Huh, check it out."
Amethyst says: "Puma cub."
Garnet says: "The ship seems to be putting out some kind of energy, keeping us in this shape."
Steven says: "*ponders for a bit and turns to the control panel* Oh, I know the problem."
Pearl says: "You do?"
Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal.
Steven says: "Peridot said the ship was calibrated for Rubies."
Steven says: "It must be making you all Ruby-sized."
An imaginative projection of a Ruby appears next to the Gems, indicating their heights to the Ruby.
Pearl says: "Ugh!"
Pearl says: "Why doesn't she tell us anything?"
Pearl says: "This is why we don't listen to her."
Steven says: "Maybe I can change the settings."
Steven turns the calibration like a slot machine. It stops at three bulky figures, and the Gems turn Quartz-sized.
Steven says: "No."
Steven turns the calibration again, stopping at three tiny figures. The Gems instantly shrink into Pebble-sized in mid-air and fall onto the floor.
Steven says: "Nope."
Steven turns the calibration again, stopping at three diamonds. The Gems quickly grow into Diamond-sized and hit their heads on the ceiling.
Steven says: "Sorry!"
Garnet says: "This isn't working."
Amethyst starts snickering at the antics.
Pearl says: "Try adjusting it manually."
Steven taps on the screen to open the manual calibration menu, consisting of various symbols unknown to Steven.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "Maybe this one?"
Steven made a few manual adjustments, which causes the necks of the Gems to become long and unstable.
Steven says: "Okay, so that does that."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Maybe this one."
Steven made another manual adjustment, causing the limbs of the Gems to become long and unstable as well.
Steven says: "Agh!"
Steven says: "Why is this so complicated!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven starts to tapping randomly at the calibration. The Gems momentarily return back to normal, before Garnet is flattened into a pancake and Pearl bloated up like a ball. Garnet and Amethyst chase after Pearl as she rolls away, when Amethyst grumbles in nausea and her body extends into a long sausage.
Amethyst says: "*slithers up to Steven* Hey, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "this is getting a little weird, even for me."
Steven continues to tapping the calibration at random, until an large red "X" error message pops up.
Steven says: "I think I found the off-switch!"
Steven slams his hands on the red "X" and everything turns into a red hue inside the ship. The Roaming Eye begins going into hyperdrive, forcing Steven back on his seat and the Gems onto the wall, seemingly retreated back into their gemstones.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "Wha- What did I do!"
Steven says: "?"
The Roaming Eye keeps accelerating into a ludicrous speed, creating visual wormholes in the fabric of space and overwhelming Steven.
Steven says: "*gasps* Amethyst!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Where are you!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*turns to see only the gemstones* What happened?"
Steven says: "Are you cracked!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Uhh, Amethyst is usually back by now!"
The screen starts beeping and switches display, alerting Steven that the destination is approaching at an uncomfortable speed.
Steven says: "Oh no."
Steven says: "That's the zoo."
Steven says: "Uhh, we're gonna smash right into it if we don't..."
Steven says: "slow..."
Steven says: "down!"
Steven struggles to move his arm from his seat, against the ludicrous speed of the ship, to reach the control panel.
Steven says: "Gah!"
Steven says: "Come on, Steven."
Steven says: "You can do it!"
Steven says: "I-it's okay!"
Steven says: "The Gems are gonna be fine!"
Steven says: "*groans* They gotta be fine!"
Steven says: "D-Dad's gonna be fine, too!"
Steven says: "Gah!"
Steven says: "I-It doesn't seem like it right now, but later, we're gonna laugh if I just stop the ship!"
Steven continues to reach his arm out to reach the control panel, but fails at the ship's ludicrous speed.
Steven says: "*breathing heavily* It isn't going to stop."
Steven says: "There's no fixing this."
Steven says: "It's all my fault!"
Steven says: "I rushed us!"
Steven says: "I pushed us into making stupid mistakes!"
Steven says: "*starts tearing up* It didn't have to be this way."
Steven says: "I didn't have to not listen to Garnet."
Steven says: "I didn't have to go to Korea."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "I didn't have to get you taken away forever by Blue Diamond."
Steven says: "I- I wasn't trying to be selfish."
Steven says: "I just wanted to know what was going on for myself, for once!"
Steven says: "*sobs* But now, I lost everyone..."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "*sobbing desperately* Dad!"
Steven says: "I want my dad!"
Steven says: "I just want my dad."
Steven, collecting determination from his moment of weakness, reaches for the control panel again and succeeds in stopping the ship. The ship jolts a bit as the Gems phase through the wall, looking disoriented.
Steven says: "*panting and gasps* You're back!"
Steven says: "Where'd you go!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*hugs the Gems* I was so worried!"
Pearl says: "*sighs* I think in your attempt to fix our bodies, you may have accidentally shut off the calibration altogether."
Pearl says: "Our light-composed forms couldn't keep up with the ship moving faster than the speed of light."
Steven says: "So, you were just..."
Steven says: "lagging behind the ship..."
Steven says: "this whole time?"
Another imaginative projection appears above Steven, of the Gems' bodies stretched outside of the Roaming Eye.
Garnet says: "Yeah."
Garnet says: "Don't worry about it too much."
Garnet says: "Amethyst liked it."
Amethyst says: "I never thought I could stretch so far!"
Amethyst says: "Hah!"
Amethyst says: "I think I kind of phased through a planet."
Amethyst says: "*laughs in joy, but then notices Steven's tears* Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "Yo, Stevie man."
Amethyst says: "You heard Garnet."
Amethyst says: "We're totally fine, dude."
Steven says: "I-I was pushing so hard, I..."
Steven says: "I just wanted to get Dad back so much, I-I almost wrecked the mission!"
Steven says: "This whole thing is my fault..."
Garnet says: "Steven."
Garnet says: "You didn't kidnap Greg."
Garnet says: "Blue Diamond did."
Amethyst says: "Woah."
Amethyst says: "Do you guys see that?"
The Crystal Gems look out the windscreen, as the human zoo comes into view ahead of them.
Garnet says: "What you did?"
Garnet says: "You got us to the zoo."
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Garnet says: "And seventy human years ahead of schedule."
Steven says: "I'll see you really soon, Dad."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I hope."
END.