Open Beach City Pier.
Steven is seen leading Lapis Lazuli, who is covering her eyes with her water wings, by her hand on the piers.
Lapis says: "I'm starting to guess the surprise, Steven."
Steven says: "I told you to close your eyes!"
Lapis says: "*laughs* Sorry."
Steven says: "Okay, wait here."
Lapis retracts her water wings and sees Steven and Greg standing in front of a yacht.
Greg says: "Surprise!"
Steven says: "Surprise!"
Lapis says: "*mildly unimpressed* Hmm."
Steven says: "We bought a boat!"
Greg says: "Uh, correction."
Greg says: "We rented a boat."
Greg says: "I may be rich, but buying a boat would be going a bit..."
Greg says: "overboard."
Steven says: "Ayyy."
Greg says: "Ayyyyy."
Greg says: "Ayyyyyyy!"
Steven says: "Ayyyyyyy!"
Greg says: "Just a joke I picked up from some sailors."
Greg says: "They have a surprisingly clean sense of humor."
Lapis says: "Steven, who is this?"
Greg says: "Uh, Greg Universe."
Greg says: "*offers a handshake to Lapis* You broke my leg trying to use the ocean to fly back to your homeworld?"
Lapis says: "Lapis Lazuli."
Lapis says: "Nice to meet you."
Greg holds out his hand expecting a handshake which never comes. He then breaks away from the awkward moment.
Greg says: "Great!"
Greg says: "Well, I'll get the boat started."
Steven says: "So what do you think?"
Lapis says: "It's nice, Steven..."
Lapis says: "but I don't know."
Steven says: "Look, Lapis, I know you spent a really long time fused with Jasper at the bottom of the ocean, but you're not Malachite anymore."
Steven says: "And water is a part of who you are."
Steven says: "You can't let one bad experience take that away from you."
Lapis says: "It was more than one."
Steven says: "Just give it a chance."
Steven says: "I promise we'll make this the most fun you've ever had."
Lapis says: "Steven, I..."
Lapis says: "don't deserve this."
Steven says: "Of course you do!"
Steven says: "We even named her Li'l Lappy."
Greg is seen giving a thumbs-up to the name, until he realizes the taped cover-up paper had fallen off, revealing the yacht's real name "S.S. MISERY.", much to Lapis' amusement.
Lapis says: "*snorts and laughs* Okay."
Lapis says: "I'll give it a chance."
Lapis says: "But, just one."
Steven says: "Woah!"
Lapis picks up Steven and flies on-board the yacht. Greg is in the bridge, preparing to pilot the boat.
Greg says: "*speaking into a speaker microphone* You two ready to set sail?"
Steven says: "Aye, aye, Captain!"
Lapis says: "Yes."
Greg says: "*sounds the horn twice* Full speed ahe- Woah!"
Greg falls backwards as the yacht jerks. A piece of wood gets pulled off the dock, since Greg forgot to remove the cord keeping the yacht at bay.
Greg says: "Ah, geez, you think anyone will notice?"
The yacht begins setting sail out into the sea.
Greg says: "Wow, I think I did a number on that dock."
Greg says: "Maybe somebody else should take a shot at being captain."
Greg says: "*turns around and turns off his Captain's hat* What do you say, Captain Lazuli?"
Lapis says: "I shouldn't."
Steven says: "Go for it, Lapis."
Lapis says: "*agitated* Don't put me in charge!"
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "Oh, sorry."
Lapis says: "I mean, y-you shouldn't trust me with the boat."
Steven says: "Uh, that's okay."
Steven says: "Don't worry about it."
Steven says: "We can all be first mates, so there's no pressure."
Steven says: "Only fun stuff today!"
Lapis smiles, pleased with Steven's plan.
Greg says: "Lapis, you can still wear the hat, if you want."
Lapis says: "Thanks, but I'm not putting that on my body."
Greg says: "*puts the hat back on and turns back to the steering wheel* Let's set a course for fuuuuun!"
Upbeat music starts playing in the background as Steven and Greg enjoy their time on the yacht. Lapis does not seem as enthusiastic though, as she fears the unknown of the ocean, but eventually enjoys herself as Steven asks her to pull the yacht horn. Time passes, the yacht stops sailing and Greg is seen fishing by the deck.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Greg says: "Hey, you two."
Greg says: "Finally get enough of that horn?"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg chuckles sheepishly.
Lapis says: "What are you doing?"
Greg says: "Catching fish."
Lapis says: "Oh, I can help!"
Lapis steps back and takes a deep breath. She then begins using her hydrokinesis to lift the water around the fish hook.
Greg says: "*gasps* What the?!"
Greg says: "!"
Lapis lifts a large mass of water out of the ocean, encasing plenty of fishes inside.
Steven says: "Woah."
Greg says: "That's a pretty uh..."
Greg says: "fancy way of catching fish."
Steven says: "That's 'cause Lapis is super strong!"
Greg says: "Well, I uh, appreciate the gesture, but I-I think it would be safer to stick to the old-fashioned way of doing it."
Lapis says: "Oh, uh..."
Lapis says: "*blushes* Sure."
Lapis shoots the large mass of water back into the ocean, causing a large ripple that shakes the yacht.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "Wow, Lapis!"
Steven says: "That was ama..."
Steven says: "zing..."
Lapis says: "So, how do you fish the old-fashioned way?"
Greg says: "Oh, it's pretty simple."
Greg says: "You start with a rod, and you put a hook on the end of your line."
Greg says: "And then, when you feel a nibble, you reel it in."
Greg says: "And there it is."
Greg says: "You've caught yourself a fish to eat!"
Lapis says: "But why would a fish ever bite a hook?"
Greg says: "You got to bait it."
Greg says: "Put something on it you know it wants, like a worm or a $20 bill."
Greg says: "Here, I'll show you."
Greg says: "*throws the hook with a bait on it back into the water* Fishing."
Time skips by as Greg continues to fish, waiting for a bite, while Steven and Lapis grow increasingly impatient.
Lapis says: "When does the fish part happen?"
Greg says: "Well, sometimes it isn't about the fish you keep, but the company you catch."
Greg says: "*notices a nibble* Woah!"
Greg says: "I got a bite!"
Steven gasps in excitement.
Greg says: "Lapis, here!"
Greg says: "Give it a try!"
Greg says: "*hands the fishing rod to Lapis* Hold it just like that and reel it in slowly."
Lapis says: "Like this?"
Greg says: "You got it."
Greg says: "It looks like a big one!"
Lapis continues to turn the reel, but is suddenly pulled forward with great force.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Greg says: "Steven!"
Steven and Greg both grab hold onto Lapis and tug on her.
Steven says: "*grunts* You got it, Lapis!"
Steven says: "Reel it in!"
Lapis says: "It's..."
Lapis says: "pulling..."
Lapis says: "so hard!"
A silhouetted entity is reeled in, about to emerge from the water. Lapis suddenly sensed a familiar presence when the fishing rod snaps in half and the entity sinks back into the water. Lapis runs up to the edge and stares down at the water with great concerns.
Greg says: "*inspects the broken fishing rod and sighs* Looks like this pole rental turned into a pole purchase."
Greg says: "But, you did a great job tangling with that beast."
Steven says: "Y-yeah."
Steven says: "Don't worry about that one getting away."
Lapis says: "Oh, thank you."
Greg says: "Welp, that's my adventure quota for the day."
Greg says: "I'll be at the controls."
Greg says: "Holler if you need me."
Steven says: "Yes, sir!"
Steven says: "Lapis, what do you..."
Steven says: "*notices Lapis has left the area* Lapis?"
Steven looks around and notices Lapis sitting on a patio lounge chair on the deck. He then walks up to her and sits on the other chair .
Steven says: "Hey."
Steven says: "Whatcha doing?"
Lapis says: "I just thought I'd sit for a bit."
Steven says: "You looked like a real pro fisher before the pole snapped."
Lapis says: "Thanks."
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "So, fishing was a bust, but I-I got something that'll cheer you up."
Steven says: "Shuffleboard!"
Steven says: "What do you say?"
The yacht suddenly starts to shake as something is heard crashing against it.
Steven says: "Ahh!"
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "*falls over, and gets up groaning* What was that?"
Steven says: "Ahh!"
Lapis says: "Ahh!"
The yacht shakes again, causing Steven to fall over again.
Lapis says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Lapis says: "What's going on?"
Greg says: "Steven!"
Greg says: "You got a moment?"
Steven says: "Is everything okay, First Mate Dad?"
Greg says: "*reading the yacht manual* Shh!"
Greg says: "You hear that?"
There is total silence, as the shaking has stopped.
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Steven says: "no."
Greg says: "I guess it stopped."
Greg says: "I think something's wrong with the boat."
Greg tries to turn the steering wheel to no success.
Greg says: "Aw, geez, something's throwing off the rudder."
Greg says: "I don't know what's going on, and this owner's manual is no help."
Greg says: "It's mostly advice on sun tanning and what crackers go with caviar."
Steven says: "Well, what crackers go with caviar?"
Greg says: "Water crackers."
Steven says: "Ayyyyyyyyyyyy!"
Greg says: "Ayyyyyyyyyyyy!"
Muffled thumping is heard inside the yacht.
Greg says: "*gasps* There it is."
The yacht begins to rumble, and a small explosion is heard. Greg and Steven quickly run over to check the internal of the yacht. Greg opens the hatch to the engine room, when smoke bursts out, causing Steven and Greg to cough profusely.
Greg says: "Oh, crud!"
Greg says: "The engine!"
Greg says: "I don't know how to fix an engine."
Greg says: "This trip might be a little longer than we thought, little buddy."
Time-Skip.
The sky begins to fill with dark clouds. Lapis is seen staring out to the ocean on deck, when Steven approaches her.
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "I have some not-so-good news."
Steven says: "There's trouble with the engine, and we might be stuck out here for a while."
Lapis sighs in response.
Steven says: "I'm so sorry!"
Steven says: "This whole thing is my fault."
Steven says: "I just wanted you to have fun, but everything's a mess."
Steven says: "I shouldn't have made you come on this trip."
Lapis says: "It's my fault."
Lapis says: "I'm the one to blame."
Steven says: "That's not true."
Lapis says: "I'm really trying to enjoy it out here, but..."
Lapis says: "I can't stop thinking about being fused as Malachite, how I used all my strength to hold her down in the ocean, and how I was always battling against Jasper to keep her bound to me."
Steven says: "But it's not like that anymore."
Steven says: "You don't have to be with Jasper."
Lapis says: "That's not it."
Lapis says: "I..."
Lapis says: "I miss her."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Lapis says: "*sighs* We were fused for so long."
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "she's terrible."
Lapis says: "I'm terrible!"
Lapis says: "I did horrible things!"
Lapis says: "I-I broke your dad's leg."
Lapis says: "I stole Earth's ocean!"
Lapis says: "Go on!"
Lapis says: "Tell me I'm wrong!"
The yacht begins to rumble again as it starts to rain. An arm emerges from the water, climbing up the anchor chain. The yacht continues to rumble as the entity climbs up the chain and then climbs on deck. Steven and Lapis gasp in shock as the entity reveals to be Jasper.
Jasper says: "Finally!"
Thunder crashes behind Jasper, glaring at them menacingly.
Steven says: "Jasper!"
Lapis says: "Jasper!"
Jasper says: "I thought I'd never catch up to you!"
Lapis says: "You've been following us?"
Jasper says: "I've been following you."
Jasper starts approaching Lapis, who gasps in horror.
Steven says: "Stay back!"
Jasper says: "*laughs aloud* This dulled-down version of Rose Quartz works for you now?"
Jasper says: "You're pointing that shield the wrong way."
Jasper says: "*chuckles* She's the one you should be afraid of."
Lapis says: "That's not true."
Jasper says: "You can't lie to me."
Jasper says: "I've seen what you're capable of."
Jasper says: "I thought I was a brute, but you..."
Jasper says: "you're a monster."
Thunder crashes again as Lapis stares frightfully at Jasper.
Lapis says: "I..."
Steven says: "Lapis doesn't want anything to do with you!"
Jasper says: "This is between..."
Jasper says: "US!"
Jasper swipes her arm at Steven. Steven groans in pain as he is knocked flying away from Jasper and Lapis on the deck.
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Lapis tries to run up to Steven, but Jasper grabs her hand and pulls her back. Jasper then clasps her hands around Lapis' hand and kneels before her.
Jasper says: "Let's be Malachite again."
Thunder crashes again as Jasper makes the bizarre request.
Lapis says: "Why..."
Lapis says: "would you want that?"
Jasper says: "I was wrong about fusion."
Jasper says: "You made me understand!"
Jasper says: "Malachite was bigger and stronger than both of us!"
Jasper says: "We could fly!"
Steven says: "Lapis, don't listen to her!"
Jasper says: "*gets up and turns to Steven* Stay out of this!"
Lapis says: "I was terrible to you."
Lapis says: "I liked taking everything out on you."
Lapis says: "I needed to, I-I hated you."
Lapis says: "It was bad!"
Jasper says: "It'll be better this time."
Jasper says: "I've changed."
Jasper says: "You've changed me."
Jasper says: "I'm the only one who can handle your kind of power."
Jasper approaches maniacally towards Lapis, backing her to the front of the yacht's bridge cabin.
Jasper says: "Together, we'll be unstoppable!"
Lapis begins to ponder. She glances at Steven, lying on the ground, as she makes up her decision.
Lapis says: "NO!"
Jasper says: "What!"
Jasper says: "?"
Lapis says: "What we had wasn't healthy."
Lapis says: "I never want to feel like I felt with you."
Lapis says: "Never again!"
Lapis says: "So just, go!"
Jasper says: "Lapis!"
Steven says: "*runs to Jasper* She said, "No!"
Steven says: "" Leave her alone!"
Jasper says: "This is your fault."
Jasper says: "*growls* I'll SHATTER YOU!"
Jasper starts charging towards Steven, and he and Lapis gasp. Lapis then quickly summons a giant water arm that punches right through the yacht and into Jasper, sending her flying off the yacht and far away into the ocean.
Steven says: "Lapis, you did it!"
Greg says: "*runs in* Are you two okay!"
Greg says: "?"
Greg says: "Wha-?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg stares at the hole in the yacht's deck, as the boat begins to sink into the water.
Greg says: "What..."
Greg says: "happened?"
Greg says: "..."
Steven says: "Uhh, it's kind of a long story."
Lapis picks up Steven and Greg and begins to fly off. Greg glances back at the sinking yacht in grief.
Greg says: "I guess I bought a boat after all."
Steven says: "Eh, sorry, Dad."
Steven says: "But hey, the ocean's really beautiful from up here."
Lapis says: "Yeah."
Lapis says: "It is."
The star iris closes onto the trio flying in the distance, as the episode ends.
END.