Open Int. Beach House.
The Gems are teaching Steven how to dance while "Fusion Disco" plays in the background.
Pearl says: "*snaps her fingers* A 5-6-7-8!"
Steven and Amethyst try to dance in unison. Garnet walks in to observe.
Pearl says: "Synchronize!"
Amethyst tries to lift Steven, but she drops him and he falls. They both start laughing.
Pearl says: "*irritated* Be serious!"
Steven and Amethyst continue dancing while Pearl snaps her finger in rhythm. Amethyst successfully lifts Steven, but they both start laughing again. Pearl stops snapping and frowns in annoyance. She then takes over and begins to demonstrate with Garnet next.
Pearl says: "Pay attention now, Steven."
Pearl and Garnet perform a ballroom dance, with Garnet twirling and lifting Pearl around. Garnet then pins Pearl against a wall, both her hands on either side of Pearl's head, as Pearl slightly blushes.
Pearl says: "*turns at Steven* See?"
Steven says: "*stares at Pearl wide-eyed for a second, but then looks determined* Hmm."
Steven tries to dance with Pearl and copy Garnet's moves. Garnet helps him with some of the poses, as he is too short. Pearl smiles hesitantly and looks at Garnet as the short Steven pins her against the wall.
Steven and Amethyst dance together next, doing a dance similar to the "Macarena". Steven follows pretty well but is not as limber and flexible as Amethyst.
Steven tries dancing with Garnet next, copying her dance, but cannot keep up with the speed of her hand movements.
Steven then tries a ballet duet with Pearl. Pearl accidentally hits him in the face with her leg since he is too short, causing him to fall on the ground, and looks at him apologetically.
The Gems then try to dance in unison with Steven. They snap their fingers in rhythm; Steven is a bit off beat. The Gems each put one foot forward; Steven puts forward his hand. The Gems run in unison and exit stage right; Steven runs in the wrong way, quickly turns around and tries to catch up with them. The Gems slide, leap up, and pose in midair together; Steven tries to jump and pose as well, but quickly falls to the ground.
Trans. Int. Steven's Kitchen.
The Crystal Gems walk towards the kitchen to take a break.
Steven says: "*carrying a towel around his neck* I don't get it, I thought I almost had it."
Pearl says: "*sits besides the kitchen counter* Nobody expects you to be able to perform fusion right away, Steven."
Amethyst says: "*hops and sits on top of the counter* Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "It's really hard, even for us."
Garnet says: "*leans against the cabinets* Not for me."
Pearl says: "We'll keep working on the dance for now, and who knows, in a few years..."
Pearl says: "*pauses and ponders* I wonder though if Steven's body is capable of fusion."
Pearl says: "Fusion merges the physical forms of gems, but Steven is half-human."
Pearl says: "He's organic."
Steven says: "*pops in* Organic?"
Amethyst says: "Aw, come on!"
Amethyst says: "It's Steven!"
Amethyst says: "*speaks mockingly* Who knows what's gonna happen?"
Garnet says: "Well, I think Steven can do it."
Steven looks back up at Garnet with a worried expression.
Trans. Int. Beach.
Steven and Connie are sitting in the sand, facing each other, with their shoes and Connie's glasses left a distance away.
Connie says: "Can you get them to write out the steps?"
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "I don't think it's just about the dancing."
Steven says: "When they fuse, they glow and kind of..."
Steven says: "phase into each other."
Steven says: "*cross his fingers together* I don't know if I can even do that."
Connie says: "Well, I think it's amazing you were able to dance with them at all."
Connie says: "I could never do that."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "What do you mean?"
Connie says: "*looks down* I've never danced in front of anyone before."
Steven says: "Really?"
Connie says: "Yeah."
Connie says: "There was a dance at my school, and I was really excited about it..."
Connie says: "but, I just couldn't bring myself to go."
Connie says: "I just couldn't stop thinking about everyone staring at me."
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "no one's staring right now?"
Connie says: "*sees Steven staring at her* Um..."
Connie says: "You are."
Steven says: "*looks away blushing* Oh..."
Steven says: "yeah."
Steven says: "Oh, one sec."
Steven reaches into his pocket, pulls out his smartphone, taps it a few times, and sticks his phone in the sand. "Alone Together" starts to play.
Steven says: "*walks away a few steps away from Connie and covers his eyes with his arm* So, what I was trying to say was..."
Steven says: "*offers his other hand to Connie, blushing* Come dance with me."
Connie hesitates, then reaches for Steven's hand. Steven lifts his arm off his eyes and smiles. He then pulls Connie towards him and they begin to dance. Steven twirls Connie around and starts to do a little jig on his own. Connie also does her own dance solo too. Steven and Connie then run around carefreely when they bump into each other. Steven starts to fall, but Connie quickly catches him. They both stare at each other in the eye and blush together. Connie leans closer and laughs heartily, and Steven's gem begins to glow, enveloping the whole screen in pink light.
A mysterious person slowly wakes up on the beach, revealing rosy-brown legs, in front of Steven's flip-flops and Connie's flats and glasses.
Stevonnie says: "Whoa."
Stevonnie says: "Why am I-?"
Stevonnie says: "*hand reaches forwards and picks up Steven's flip-flop*  Why is..."
Stevonnie says: "your sandal too small for my- your feet?"
Stevonnie runs their hand along their legs, hips and stomach.
Stevonnie says: "Steven?"
Stevonnie says: "*grabs their hair in shock* Connie!"
Stevonnie says: "*looks down* I- I did it!"
Stevonnie says: "You did it?"
Stevonnie says: "*struggles to get up* Wait."
Stevonnie says: "Ugh, this- no."
Stevonnie says: "This is gr-great!"
Stevonnie says: "Oh my gosh, look at you now!"
Stevonnie says: "*finally stands up and poses still* I'm a fusion."
Stevonnie then throws their hands up in the air and begins to run around the beach, laughing. They trips and falls behind a rock, but quickly gets up.
Stevonnie says: "I have to show everybody."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Gems gaze in shock and surprise, as Stevonnie stands confidently in front of them.
Stevonnie says: "Pretty cool, right?"
Pearl says: "He fused?"
Pearl says: "With his friend Connie?"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles and leans to Pearl* Pearl, look at Garnet."
Pearl turns and sees Garnet with her hands clasped together and a huge grin on her face. Pearl then looks back at Stevonnie and approaches them.
Pearl says: "This is unprecedented."
Pearl says: "*starts to examine all around Stevonnie's body* A Gem fusing with a human being..."
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "It's impossible!"
Pearl says: "*looks away, cupping her face with her hand* Or at the very least inappropriate."
Amethyst says: "*approaches Stevonnie too* Wow!"
Amethyst says: "You two look great together!"
Amethyst says: "How does it feel Steven?"
Amethyst says: "Connie?"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Stevonnie?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "It feels amazing!"
Pearl says: "*getting uncomfortable* Yes."
Pearl says: "Well, I'm glad you're enjoying yourselves, but you two should unfuse this instant."
Stevonnie says: "Wait, what?"
Stevonnie says: "Pearl."
Stevonnie says: "You were so worried Steven wouldn't be able to do this."
Stevonnie says: "Aren't you proud of him?"
Pearl says: "Of..."
Pearl says: "course I am!"
Pearl says: "I- *turns to Garnet in worry* Garnet, help me out here."
Garnet says: "Stevonnie."
Garnet says: "*walks up to Stevonnie, while Amethyst and Pearl back away* Listen to me."
Garnet says: "*places her hand on Stevonnie's cheek* You are not two people."
Garnet says: "And you are not one person."
Garnet says: "You..."
Garnet says: "are an experience!"
Garnet says: "Make sure you're a good experience."
Garnet says: "Now..."
Garnet says: "Go!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Have!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Fun!"
Trans. Ext. Beach City.
Stevonnie is seen running in determination while "Twilight Run" plays in the background. They then starts to sprint, grinning widely, and performs a string of cartwheels towards the edge of a high cliff. Stevonnie peeks over the edge of the cliff, and then jumps off of it into the ocean, screaming excitedly. They are float back to the beach short on their back, alternating between Steven's and Connie's laughter. Their stomach then begins to grumble. They sits up and sees the Big Donut nearby.
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
Sadie and Lars are in the middle of a conversation behind the counter. Lars is smiling; Sadie is not.
Lars says: "-Sure!"
Lars says: "-Okay!"
Sadie says: "-He's very nice."
The shop door chimes and a drenched Stevonnie walks into the shop. Sadie and Lars both stare at Stevonnie with wide eyes, as they walks up to the counter.
Lars says: "*blushing and stammering* Ha- ha- how can I- help..."
Lars says: "me?"
Stevonnie says: "*flicks their hair gracefully and starts squeezing it dry* Two donuts."
Stevonnie says: "Please."
Sadie and Lars continues staring in awe. Lars reaches into the donut case and pulls out a bag of two donuts, placing it on the counter. Stevonnie then pulls out some bills and coins from their pocket and inches closer to the counter, towards Lars.
Stevonnie says: "What do I owe you?"
Sadie says: "*slams on the counter* Oh nothing!"
Sadie says: "*gently pushes Stevonnie's hand aside and looks away, blushing* It's on the house."
Stevonnie says: "*incredulously* Really?"
Sadie says: "*nod heads in unison* Mmm-hmm."
Lars says: "*nod heads in unison* Mmm-hmm."
Stevonnie says: "*shrugs* Okay."
Stevonnie grabs the donut bag from the counter and leaves. They then pauses at the doorway.
Stevonnie says: "But just so you know- *looks back at Lars and Sadie over their shoulder* -that isn't a very sound business practice."
Sadie and Lars keep staring at Stevonnie startled, wide-eyed and mouths hanging open. The shop door chimes as Stevonnie closes the door behind them.
Trans. Int. Beach City Boardwalk.
Stevonnie walks along the boardwalk, reaching into the donut bag.
Stevonnie says: "Sweet, two doughnuts!"
Stevonnie says: "One for me and one..."
Stevonnie says: "for..."
Stevonnie says: "uh, me."
Stevonnie pauses in front of a wooden bench and looks back in uncertainty. They look down at the pair of donuts in their hands, holding them side by side.
Stevonnie Connie.
Are you okay? *pulls the donuts apart as the screen darkens a bit.* We can stop if you...
Stevonnie Steven.
Stevonnie sits down on the bench, crosses their legs, and starts eating a donut. Sour Cream then appears and approaches them.
Stevonnie says: "Oh hey, Sour-..."
Stevonnie says: "faced stranger."
Stevonnie says: "*puts the donuts down* Wow, cool pants!"
Sour Cream says: "Cool."
Sour Cream says: "*looks away nervously* Rave tonight."
Stevonnie says: "*takes the flyer* Like, a dance?"
Sour Cream says: "*blushing* Yeah, at the warehouse."
Sour Cream says: "I'm DJ-ing, and a bunch of my friends from the internet are gonna be there."
Sour Cream says: "There's gonna be free..."
Sour Cream says: "glow sticks?"
Sour Cream says: "..."
Stevonnie says: "Yes!"
Stevonnie says: "I'll definitely be there!"
Stevonnie says: "Yes."
Stevonnie says: "Thanks!"
Sour Cream says: "*flustered* Cool."
Trans. Int. Abandoned Warehouse.
Stevonnie walks up to the warehouse and takes a moment to scope the rave at the partially collapsed wall. Several people are already dancing while DJ Sour Cream is playing chiptune rave music on a platform. Ronaldo is seen free-styling, while an unknown man watches, leaning against a wall and looking bored.
Unknown Man says: "*scoffs* Yeesh."
(Jenny says: "a soundboard, a keyboard, and three handheld video game consoles similar to Game Boys, and transitions the music into an upbeat song."
Buck are also seen dancing. DJ Sour Cream adjusts his music equipment says: "a soundboard, a keyboard, and three handheld video game consoles similar to Game Boys, and transitions the music into an upbeat song."
(Jenny says: "The crowd cheers in response."
Buck are also seen dancing. DJ Sour Cream adjusts his music equipment says: "The crowd cheers in response."
(Jenny says: ")"
Buck are also seen dancing. DJ Sour Cream adjusts his music equipment says: ")"
Stevonnie, still hanging at the partially collapsed wall, put on a brave face and step into the warehouse. Everyone quickly pauses and turns to look at Stevonnie as they passes by. Stevonnie walks up next to Jenny and Buck and begins to dance. Jenny and Buck stop dancing too and back away, letting Stevonnie be as they does their dance solo.
Sour Cream says: "*watches Stevonnie dancing* I'm amazing..."
Stevonnie has an inadvertent yet graceful dance solo by twirling, knee-sliding, and flipping their hair. They ends their dance by launching themselves and twisting in the air, and lands with a satisfied sigh. They then stands up and notices everybody in the room staring at them.
Stevonnie says: "*laughs nervously* I- thought this was a dance party."
Stevonnie says: "*looks around* Why isn't anyone else dancing."
The crowd remains speechless and continue to stare at Stevonnie.
Stevonnie says: "*starts to panic* This is what being cool at a cool dance is, right?"
Stevonnie says: "This is how it's supposed to be..."
Stevonnie says: "Why isn't it like it's supposed to be?"
Stevonnie starts to hallucinate, as the people around them transform into huge looming shadows, and tall shards of glass rise out of the floor. A disco ball then appears and encases Stevonnie inside like Steven's bubble shield. Stevonnie looks around in disorientation as light circles around them inside the disco ball. They then sees the unknown man from before phasing through the wall of the disco ball and stepping inside.
Kevin says: "*sizes Stevonnie up* Hey, baby."
The hallucination ends, the crowd already returned to chatting among themselves in the background. Hand on his hip, Kevin smugly awaits Stevonnie's response.
Stevonnie says: "*put off by the man's presence* Huh?"
Kevin says: "*leans in and offers Stevonnie his hand* Get ready."
Kevin says: "*slides around Stevonnie* It's Kevin Time."
Kevin starts dancing arrogantly as the music transitions, grasping everyone's attention. As he dances, Kevin inches closer and closer to Stevonnie, growing increasingly uncomfortable. Stevonnie then runs off the dance floor and leans against a wall, catching their breath.
Stevonnie Connie.
Stevonnie Steven.
Stevonnie Connie.
But we are together, and it's not.
Stevonnie says: "I'm alone..."
Kevin says: "Not tonight."
Kevin then appears and plants his hand next to Steveonnie's head against the wall.
Kevin says: "*smirks* Hey baby, why'd you leave me on the dance floor?"
Stevonnie says: "*nervously* I don't- *pushes Kevin's hand away* I don't want to dance anymore."
Kevin says: "What are you talking about?"
Kevin says: "We're the best thing that's ever happened to this place."
Kevin says: "*brushes his bangs with his fingers* Come back out with me."
Stevonnie says: "*becoming stern and defiant* Why should I?"
Kevin says: "*patronizes* Because we're angels walking among garbage people."
Kevin says: "We're perfect for each other."
Stevonnie says: "*gets angry* How can you say that!"
Stevonnie says: "?"
Stevonnie says: "You don't even know us!"
Kevin says: "Oh, whoa."
Kevin says: "I'm just looking for a dance!"
Kevin says: "*gets accusatory at Stevonnie* Don't get crazy."
Stevonnie says: "No one is crazy."
Stevonnie says: "I just don't like feeling alone here!"
Kevin says: "If you're so lonely, then dance with me!"
Stevonnie says: "Ugh!"
Stevonnie says: "Fine."
Stevonnie says: "*glares at Kevin* You wanna dance?"
Stevonnie says: "Let's go."
Stevonnie grabs Kevin's arm and drags him onto the dance floor. Stevonnie turns around and looks down at Kevin.
Stevonnie says: "And it's Stevonnie; I am not your baby."
Stevonnie starts dancing aggressively, kicking and punching the air while grunting forcefully. Everyone turns to look at Stevonnie again and Kevin turns blue in the face.
Kevin says: "Okay, bring it back, girl."
Stevonnie ignores Kevin and starts jumping up and down wildly. Their gem begins to glow and Stevonnie disappears, separating back into Steven and Connie, lying on the ground. Jenny, Buck, and the rest of the crowd gasp at the sudden dissolution of Stevonnie.
Kevin says: "*taken back, still blue in the face* It's two kids!"
Kevin says: "I'm out."
Steven says: "*slowly sits up* We're back..."
Connie starts laughing nervously, and then hysterically. Steven stares for a moment, then starts laughing while crying.
Sour Cream says: "*starts scattering glow sticks on the dance floor* Y-e-e-e-ah!"
Steven and Connie, lost in their euphoria, continue laughing raucously and dance in the rain of glow sticks, ignoring the stunned crowd staring at them.
END.