Open Int. Lighthouse Cliff.
A gloomy Steven, lying belly-down on Lion's back, is carried up the cliff overlooking the Crystal Temple, as Connie sets up a picnic on the hill.
Connie says: "Steven, hurry up!"
Steven falls face-first off from Lion's back.
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "I'm fine..."
Connie says: "Are you sure you're okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Connie says: "Okay, uh..."
Connie says: "So, um..."
Connie says: "Is this fence new?"
Steven says: "Uh, it's a long story."
Connie says: "Is it a magic story?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "Maybe?"
Connie says: "Well, what happened?"
Connie says: "Tell me, please."
Steven says: "Okay, okay."
Steven says: "But it's not a happy story."
Steven begins retelling the story, flashing back to the events that occurred.
Steven says: "*narrating* Amethyst was horsing around, by the cliff."
Steven says: "*in the flashback* Amethyst, be careful!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs* Steven, why are you getting so worked up?"
Amethyst says: "*makes a mock-lovestruck face* Why?"
Amethyst says: "Do you care about me or something?"
Steven says: "*visibly worried* Yes..."
Amethyst says: "Ah, Steven, I didn't mean to make you—"
Amethyst says: "*pretends to fall backwards* Woah, woah!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, stop!"
Steven says: "You're gonna fall!"
Amethyst says: "*continues horsing around* Ooh..."
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "*giggles* I'm gonna fa-all!"
Steven says: "*chases Amethyst* Amethyst, you're gonna get hurt!"
Amethyst says: "*stands at the edge of the cliff* Steven, please, I'm a Gem warrior."
Amethyst says: "I'm not gonna fall—"
Ironically, the ground underneath Amethyst gives way, and she falls off the cliff.
Amethyst says: "*facepalms* Ugh, this is so embarrassing."
Amethyst says: "*gets hit into a rock* Ow!"
Steven says: "A-Aahhh!"
Amethyst says: "I'm okay!"
The scene briefly returns to Steven, Connie, and Lion at their picnic.
Steven says: "*narrating* So, I ran there as fast as I could."
Back in the flashback, Steven runs all the way from the hill to the beach. He then collapses next to Amethyst, exhausted and panting heavily.
Steven says: "You sure you're okay?"
Amethyst says: "Yes, Steven, I'm fine."
Amethyst says: "Except for this!"
Amethyst pulls aside part of her hair to reveal an enlarged eye, when Garnet and Pearl comes running over.
Pearl says: "*gasps* Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh, great."
Pearl says: "Show me your gem!"
Amethyst says: "*slaps Pearl's hand away* Fresh!"
Garnet grabs Amethyst's arm and pulls down her shirt, revealing a crack in her gem.
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "Your gem is cracked!"
Amethyst says: "Rude!"
Amethyst says: "*blushes and covers up her gem* Ah- It's not a big deal!"
Amethyst says: "Plus, now I have this cool googly eye."
Steven laughs.
Pearl says: "How did this even happen?"
Steven says: "She fell off the cliff by the lighthouse."
Amethyst says: "Did not!"
Pearl says: "Of course..."
Pearl says: "How could I have been so blind?"
Pearl says: "We need to put a fence up there, so this will never happen again!"
The flashback ends, returning back to Steven and Connie.
Steven says: "*narrating* And that's why there's a fence."
Steven says: "The end!"
Connie says: "Wait, what happened to Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Connie says: "C'mon!"
Connie says: "Tell me the rest!"
Steven says: "I don't wanna."
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven trembles faster and groans louder, and gives in.
Steven says: "Okay, okay!"
Steven says: "But only if you let me try on your glasses."
Connie says: "Only if you give me the rest of your juice."
Steven says: "Okay, but it's mostly backwash."
Connie says: "Good enough."
Steven says: "*puts on Connie's glasses* How do I look?"
Connie says: "*squinting her eyes* I have no idea."
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "um..."
Steven says: "*continues narrating* So..."
Steven says: "we were all worried about Amethyst."
The flashback continues.
Steven says: "*in the flashback* So, what's the problem?"
Steven says: "Amethyst falls on stuff all the time."
Pearl says: "It'd be fine if it was just her body, but her gem is damaged."
Steven says: "So, what do you do to fix it?"
Pearl says: "Before..."
Pearl says: "we had Rose..."
Garnet says: "Steven, your mother had healing tears that flowed from her gem."
Garnet says: "She felt real love for those around her."
Garnet says: "She felt real sorrow when they were hurt."
Garnet says: "You have the Rose Quartz gem now."
Garnet says: "I know that power is in you, too."
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Show me your gem!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, all right."
Steven says: "*whispering* The power..."
Steven says: "to heal."
Steven does an elegant and dramatic entry, like he is being wrapped by a vine and then burst out in a flurry of roses. He then starts straining in front of Amethyst's gem bit nothing happens.
Steven says: "It's not working."
Steven says: "I guess I'm just too tough to cry."
Pearl says: "Just today, you were crying about snakes."
Steven says: "*saddened* They don't have any arms!"
Garnet says: "We have no choice."
Garnet says: "We need to take Amethyst to Rose's Healing Spring."
Amethyst says: "*scoffs* Guys, I'm fine, I'm not gonna get any worrrrrrrr..."
Amethyst says: "."
Amethyst says: "*pops and starts speaking backwards* "Hey, guys!"
Amethyst says: "What are you doing on the beach?"
Steven, Garnet and Pearl look at each other with concerns.
Trans. Ext. Rose's Garden.
The Crystal Gems warp to a bramble-covered canyon.
Pearl says: "And in the center of the garden, Rose's Fountain!"
Pearl says: "Overflowing with your mother's healing, lacrimal essence!"
Garnet says: "I don't see it."
Pearl says: "Wha..."
Pearl notices the garden is overran by massive vines and brambles.
Amethyst says: "*said backwards* "Ugh, I'm going home."
Pearl says: "Now, now!"
Pearl says: "Let's keep it together!"
Pearl says: "Our memories of Rose can't be tainted by some overgrown brambles!"
Pearl says: "*chuckles* Look at them."
Pearl says: "They're a mess without her guidance."
Pearl says: "Directionless, pathetic, clinging things."
Pearl says: "It's going to be okay, Garnet!"
Garnet says: "*shrugs* Sure."
Pearl says: "Y-You really think so?"
Steven says: "Healing tears..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven continues to strain himself, as Amethyst lies next to him, waiting impatiently.
Pearl says: "Hmm..."
Pearl says: "Maybe there's a path over here!"
Amethyst says: "*said backwards* "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "If your body can't..."
Amethyst says: "Cry on its own..."
Amethyst says: "You gotta..."
Amethyst says: "Make it cry!"
Steven says: "Pain can make one cry."
Amethyst nods her head in agreement.
Steven says: "Where is pain?"
Steven sees at the brambles all over him. He then slowly approaches them, covering up his eyes, and tries to stick his index finger into a thorn of the brambles. The brambles then suddenly animate and reach towards him. Amethyst quickly notices and tackles Steven out of the way just in time.
Pearl says: "AMETHYST!"
Pearl says: "no more roughhousing, you'll exacerbate your crack!"
Amethyst says: "*said backwards* "The vines are coming to life and are gonna kill Steven, just so you know."
Amethyst attempts to walk away, but she accidentally reverses herself and walks straight-on into a rock. Pearl gasps in shock as Amethyst collapses onto the ground, her crack beginning to worsen.
Steven says: "Aw, right in the gem!"
Amethyst says: "*coughing and speaking backwards* "Don't worry or anything, I'm good."
Amethyst's body starts glitching, causing her head and foot to switch places. Amethyst groans in agony.
Pearl says: "*starts panicking* Ohh!"
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "Keep calm."
Pearl says: "What we need to do is to get you into the fountain immediately, if we can ever find a way through all this mess!"
Garnet shushes Pearl as she pulls out a rock from the brambles in the background. She then summons her gauntlet and punches the rock through the brambles with an unprecedented force, creating a tunnel to Rose's Fountain.
Garnet says: "I needed that."
Garnet says: "This way."
Pearl says: "We could've probably gotten in without hurdling a giant rock..."
Pearl says: "*chuckling nervously* into Rose's most precious sanctuary!"
Pearl says: "But if you're okay with it, I'm fine, too!"
The Crystal Gems proceeds through the tunnel to Rose's Fountain.
Garnet says: "This isn't right."
Steven looks around the fountain once belonging to his mother, surrounded by brambles everywhere.
Garnet says: "The fountain isn't running."
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "W-what's wrong with it?"
Garnet says: "I'm not sure."
Steven says: "Is that..."
Steven says: "Mom?"
Steven says: "Oh, oh, I'm getting emotional!"
Steven says: "I think it's happening!"
Steven says: "Uh, I'm really feeling it!"
Steven leans over Amethyst and starts straining to cry again, while Pearl and Garnet watch. The flashback then abruptly cuts back to Steven and Connie.
Steven says: "*falls over* Ahh!"
Steven says: "Headache!"
Connie says: "So give back my glasses and finish the story!"
Steven returns Connie her glasses, and the flashback continues, with Steven still not crying and nothing happening.
Steven says: "*in the flashback* Ah, come on!"
Steven says: "I had it!"
Pearl says: "*sighs* Steven, it's fine."
Pearl says: "Just—"
Pearl says: "Just stay here and watch Amethyst."
Pearl says: "We'll find out what's wrong with the fountain."
Steven says: "No, no."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I can still do it!"
The crack in Amethyst's gem worsens again, causing Amethyst's body to fall apart. Garnet and Pearl start to leave but Steven chases after them.
Steven says: "Wait, wait!"
Steven says: "It might still happen!"
Steven says: "Guys?"
Garnet and Pearl continue to leave, ignoring the dejected Steven. Amethyst then rams into Steven with her head.
Steven says: "Ahh!"
Amethyst says: "*said backwards* "Uh, little help?"
Steven turns and sees Amethyst's body trying to round itself up; her hand bouncing her leg like a ball.
Steven says: "I can't understand you!"
Steven says: "I don't understand anything!"
Steven says: "Why is everyone acting so strange?"
Steven says: "Why can't I—"
Steven says: "*looks at Rose's statue at the fountain* WHY CAN'T I CRY?!"
Steven says: "!"
The place echoes back "Why can't I cry?", startling Steven.
Steven says: "It's just..."
Steven says: "I mean, I don't know how to feel about you, but everyone else does."
Steven says: "I wish I could have met you then this place would make me sad, and I could cry healing tears..."
Steven says: "like you."
Steven then suddenly hears sniffling sounds. The flashback cuts away, revealing it is Connie, getting emotional and tearing up.
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Connie says: "*sniffles and nods her head* Keep going."
The flashback continues, as Steven continues to gaze at the statue of his mother. Amethyst suddenly interrupts his trance by hooting and screaming loudly. Steven then puts his hand over her mouth, stopping her noise.
Amethyst says: "*said backwards* "Cheer up will ya?"
Amethyst says: "" Huh?"
Steven then turns over and gasps. The brambles all around come alive and begin attacking Steven and Amethyst, catching and squeezing on Amethyst's foot and hand. Steven tries to flee, but gets blocked by a series of animated bushes, and runs back towards the fountain.
Steven says: "Ahh!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, where's your gem?"
Amethyst uses her other hand to point where her body is, as more bushes chase her. Steven quickly run faster and tackles Amethyst's body. Both of them collide and roll into the center of the fountain, where the bushes cannot reach them. Steven then sees Amethyst's gem is on the verge of shattering.
Steven says: "Amethyst, I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "I can't do anything right."
Steven says: "Now I'm going to lose you, and it's all my fault."
Amethyst says: "*glitches and speaks normally* Ha-ha..."
Amethyst says: "You care..."
Amethyst says: "about..."
Amethyst says: "me."
Steven says: "*hugs Amethyst tightly* Please let me be a magic healer..."
Steven starts weeping, and a tear drips off his face and onto Amethyst's gem. Steven gasps in joy, but Amethyst's gem remains cracked.
Steven says: "Oh, come on!"
Suddenly, the whole place starts rumbling. Pink water begin to flow out of Rose's Fountain, washing over Steven and Amethyst and flooding the whole place. The bushes disperse away from the fountain and roses bloom on them. The brambles also begin to disappear as they blossom into flowers, allowing sunlight to shine into the now-lively sanctuary again. Steven, from underwater, thinks he sees his mother reaching down towards him. He swims up to the water surface and finds it is just the statue. Amethyst then bumps into him, floating on the water and fully healed.
Amethyst says: "Look at this guy, saving my life and junk."
Steven and Amethyst laugh in joy.
Pearl says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Steven says: "Did you see what I did?"
Steven says: "It was magic!"
Steven says: "My tears brought the fountain back to life and saved Amethyst!"
Steven says: "*swims with Amethyst towards Garnet and Pearl: Pearl: *looks at Garnet* I'm pretty sure Garnet and I unplugging the clogged chamber brought the fountain back to life."
Garnet says: "We saved Amethyst."
Steven says: "You don't think my crying was..."
Steven says: "a little related to that?"
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven, you don't have healing tears."
Pearl says: "You'll never have any real magic powers, and we don't want anything more to do with you."
Connie o.s.
She didn't really say that.
The flashback ends, cutting back to Connie and Steven.
Steven says: "No, but that's what it felt like."
Connie says: "Is that why you've been so down?"
Connie says: "Oh."
Connie says: "You can have your juice back."
Steven says: "Nah, that's okay."
Steven says: "*sniffles and sighs* Everyone expects me to be like my mom."
Steven says: "What if I never get those powers?"
Connie says: "Then you'll be like me."
Connie says: "That's not so bad."
Steven says: "But if I don't have powers, then I can't hang out with Amethyst or Garnet or Pearl, and I-I can't go on missions!"
Connie says: "You don't need any powers to be here with me."
Connie takes a sip of the juice and leans forward to Steven, but suddenly stops.
Connie says: "Ow."
Connie says: "Ugh."
Steven says: "What's wrong?"
Connie says: "I think—"
Connie says: "There's just—"
Connie says: "*takes off her glasses* Something wrong with my glasses."
Connie says: "My..."
Connie says: "*vision suddenly becomes clear* My eyes."
Connie says: "I-I-I can see!"
Steven says: "What?"
Connie says: "I can see without my glasses!"
Steven says: "Did I heal your eyes?"
Steven says: "But how?"
Both Steven and Connie stare at the juice box Steven gave to Connie, and Connie drops it in shock.
Steven says: "*gasps* The juice box!"
Steven says: "I don't have healing tears, I have healing spit!"
Connie says: "What am I going to tell my parents?"
Connie says: "What am I going to tell my optometrist?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "I don't even know!"
Steven says: "Oh, thank you, Connie!"
Steven says: "*hugs Connie* Lion, let's go tell the Gems, they're never going to believe this!"
Steven and Lion rush down the hill, leaving Connie alone. She then pops the lenses out of her glasses and puts them on, as the episode ends.
END.