Open Int. Underground Cave.
The Crystal Gems are treading through a crystal path. Garnet shushes the rest to be quiet.
Garnet says: "This way."
Steven's jacket makes swishing noises as they walk together, which irritates Pearl.
Pearl says: "*whispering* Ugh!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "This is a stealth mission!"
Pearl says: "You're making too much noise!"
Pearl says: "Take off the jacket!"
Steven says: "Ugh, but,  I don't wanna catch a cold."
Pearl says: "Then why are you still wearing sandals?"
Steven says: "*looks at his sandals* I can be quiet."
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "Stealth."
Garnet says: "We're getting close."
Pearl says: "C'mon then."
The Gems walk along, and Amethyst starts making noises that Steven's jacket makes.
Steven says: "*turns around* Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "*annoyed* Steven!"
Steven says: "It wasn't me."
Steven says: "Aaaaahh!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*straighten his arms* Stealth."
Steven falls over the cliff and plunges into the darkness screaming, only to be caught by Garnet at the bottom. Garnet holds him close, when a Gem creature emerges a hole in the ceiling. It starts to shoot crystal spikes at them, which Garnet easily dodges.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Stay down."
Amethyst says: "Come on poofy."
Steven says: "What about Garnet?"
The Gem creature tries to hit Garnet with its outer arms but fails, as she somersaults and dodges the attacks.
Steven says: "Go, Garnet, go!"
Garnet reaches the Gem creature and parries every attack by its inner arms. She then summons one of her gauntlets and punches into the creature's mouth. It explodes into a blue cloud, leaving behind crystal spikes, and Garnet emerges from the cloud with a spiky Gem in a bubble.
Steven says: "Wow!"
Steven says: "She's so fast."
Steven says: "Garnet, you're amazing!"
Steven says: "How'd you even do that?"
Pearl says: "*points to the ground* Look!"
Pearl says: "The little ones didn't explode."
Pearl says: "They're drilling away!"
Amethyst says: "*drops Steven* I got it!"
Garnet says: "Let them go."
Garnet says: "*sends the bubble away* They're just parasites."
Garnet says: "If they want to be a problem, they'll have to answer to me."
Steven says: "*slowly stands up* So coool."
Amethyst says: "*gets pulled out by Garnet* I swallowed a rock."
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven says: "We all worked so hard, we deserve a reward."
Pearl says: "Sounds like you have something in mind."
Steven says: "*starts giggling and dancing* I'm taking you guys to the best place in Beach City!"
Steven says: "Funland Arcade!"
Pearl says: "Do we have anything else to do?"
Garnet says: "We don't."
Amethyst says: "Um, don't you need money for that place?"
Steven says: "Oh, don't worry."
Steven says: "This one's on..."
Steven says: "*opens his jacket to reveal pockets full of coins* Meeee!"
Trans. Int. Funland Arcade.
Steven says: "Welcome to a wonderland of funtronic gameventions!"
Pearl says: "Humans find such fascinating ways to waste their time."
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "*grabs her hand* Pearl, come on, you'll love this game!"
Pearl says: "If you say so."
Pearl says: "*sits down at a racing game* Road Killer?"
Steven says: "Yeah, pick the car you like and just go for it!"
Pearl says: "W-well, which one of these buttons is my turn signal?"
Steven says: "None of them."
Steven says: "Have fun."
Road Killer says: "Vroom-vroom, kill the road!"
Pearl says: "Oh..."
Pearl says: "kaaay..."
Steven finds Amethyst and teaches her to use the Skeeball machine.
Steven says: "*gives Amethyst a ball* This is Skee Ball."
Steven says: "You roll the ball into the hole, and then you can even win tickets for prizes."
Onion turns a pile of tickets in to Mr. Smiley, who gives him a small moped.
Steven says: "Woah, Onion's the ticket master!"
Amethyst says: "Cool."
Steven says: "Alright, good luck."
Steven finds Garnet and attempts to introduce another game to her too.
Teens of Rage says: "Teens of Rage."
Steven says: "Garnet, this game is perfect for you!"
Steven says: "You seem like a Joe Rock kinda gal."
Steven says: "His special move is..."
Steven says: "Forward, forward, back, tap towards half circle, medium kick- Oh wait!"
Steven says: "Maybe that's an aerial move."
Steven says: "Just punch and you'll be fine."
Teens of Rage says: "Come on, chump!"
Garnet says: "*literally punches the screen of the game machine* I did it."
Steven says: "*nervously* Uhh..."
Steven says: "Let's try something else."
Steven says: "*leads her to Punch Buddy* Okay, this is a game you can actually punch."
Punch Buddy says: "Come on, give it your best shot, kid."
Punch Buddy says: "Tell my wife I'm sorry!"
Garnet says: "I win again."
Steven says: "*searching frantically* Uh..."
Steven says: "uhm, how about that one?"
Steven says: "Meat Beat Mania."
Steven says: "There's no violence in this game."
Steven says: "Just shake the meat, to the beat."
Garnet begins to play, as the game encourages her every move, and performs very well.
Steven says: "Awesome!"
Steven says: "Garnet, you're so good at this."
Steven says: "*laughs and sighs in relief* I wonder how the others are doing."
Steven walks back over to Pearl.
Road Killer says: "You're horrible!"
Pearl says: "Stop saying that!"
Steven says: "Having fun?"
Pearl says: "*annoyed* Why am I doing so badly?"
Pearl says: "I haven't crashed into anything!"
Steven says: "You're suppose to crash into everything!"
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "That's horrible."
Road Killer says: "You're horrible!"
Steven says: "*notices Amethyst cheating* Amethyst!"
Amethyst straddles the outer ring of the Skeeball machine, dropping skeeballs directly into the center hole, attaining a huge pile of tickets.
Steven says: "What are you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Imma win an airplane."
Steven says: "*stops Amethyst* That's cheating!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*interrupts* Hey, you guys know what happened to Teens of Rage?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Let's run!"
Amethyst says: "This place is fun!"
Steven says: "Pearl, we're leaving!"
Pearl says: "*still playing Road Killer* Ugh, good."
Road Killer says: "You're fantastic!"
Steven says: "Garnet, we're leaving!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*picks up the broken Punch Buddy* What happened to Punch Buddy?"
Mr. Smiley says: "Who did this to you?!"
Mr. Smiley says: "!"
Steven says: "*panicked* Wah!"
Steven says: "Ugh, see you at home!"
Time Skip—next day.
Trans. Int. Crystal Temple.
Steven eats breakfast, Amethyst lounges on the couch, and Pearl practices with her spear.
Steven says: "*eating cereal* So, what's today's mission?"
Steven says: "I hope it's..."
Steven says: "fighting, a giant..."
Steven says: "foot!"
Pearl says: "*twirls her spear around* If we're supposed to fight a "giant foot", Garnet would let us know."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, Garnet's the boss."
Pearl says: "Well, we're all a team."
Pearl says: "Garnet just has heightened perception that guides us towards our mission objective."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, she's the boss."
Steven says: "So where is she?"
Steven says: "*eats some cereal* Fighting the foot?"
Pearl says: "She's not "fighting the foot"."
Pearl says: "You know, Garnet goes off on missions without us all the time."
Pearl says: "She's probably doing something very important."
Amethyst says: "Oh wait, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "I just remembered, Garnet had a special mission for you!"
Steven says: "Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, she says um, you have to slam your face into that bowl of cereal."
Steven says: "Okay."
Amethyst says: "Good job Steven!"
Amethyst says: "You stopped the foot!"
Pearl says: "There is no foot!"
Steven says: "*face covered in milk and cereal* Not anymore."
Pearl says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "*wipes his face with his shirt* Welp, now that that's done, time to comb the beach for quarters with my..."
Steven says: "METAL MUTT!"
Trans. the Beach.
Steven scours the beach for quarters with his Metal Mutt.
Steven says: "Aw, silver dollar?"
Steven says: "Useless!"
Steven says: "*tosses it away* Come on."
The Metal Mutt barks once more further down the beach.
Steven says: "This better not be another cap."
Steven says: "*digs up another Metal Mutt* DOUBLE DOGS!"
Steven says: "Quarters!"
Steven attempts to pick up the quarter-shaped object, but a green creature attacks and clings to his hand.
Steven says: "Waaahhhh!"
Steven says: "*flails around in panic* Aaaaahhh!"
Steven says: "Help!"
The creature is flung upwards into the air by Steven's flailing. It then turns into a drill shape and dive downwards towards Steven. Steven manages to dodge out of the way, but several more similar creatures appear from the sand and attack Steven. He attempts to fend them off with a Metal Mutt, but it gets destroyed. The creatures attack again and Steven tries to flee. Pearl and Amethyst then appear around the corner of a nearby cliff and see Steven being attacked.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "It's the little guys!"
Pearl summons her spear to fight back, but unable to hit the small and fast targets. Countless more of the parasites appear and begin to rain down upon them, forcing Pearl and Amethyst to flee with Steven along the boardwalk.
Pearl says: "They're everywhere, why didn't we see this coming?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "We need Garnet!"
Pearl says: "We don't know where she is!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Meat Beat Mania..."
Pearl says: "Steven, where are you going?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Trans. Int. Funland Arcade.
Steven enters the arcade and sees Garnet still playing Meat Beat Mania, entranced by its rhythm and unresponsive to Steven, while Onion is watching nearby with his moped.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "*breathless* You gotta come quick."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Those..."
Steven says: "little guys are back an-and they're a problem!"
Steven says: "*looks at the screen of the game machine* Whooaaa..."
Steven says: "I've never seen anyone get this far."
Steven says: "B-but you gotta get back and help the others."
Steven says: "Uh, Garnet?"
Steven says: "Garnet, come on!"
Steven says: "*tries to push Garnet* Garnet, hey!"
Steven says: "*tries pulling instead* This is serious, Pearl and Amethyst are in trouble."
Steven starts climbing atop Garnet's head,.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Why."
Steven says: "Are you."
Steven says: "So."
Steven says: "Hard."
Steven says: "To."
Steven says: "Climb?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*removes Garnet's visor, revealing her third eye, fixated and moving rapidly to the game's movements* Oh my gosh!"
Steven says: "*drops the visor, which magically disappears, and falls off of Garnet* I'll save you Garnet."
The game promptly shuts off. Garnet throws the controllers up in the air, uses her Gem powers to reactivate the game machine and continues playing. Steven sees Pearl fending off the parasites outside the arcade and gasps.
Steven says: "The rhythm has her."
Steven says: "The only way to defeat..."
Steven says: "the beat..."
Steven says: "is with meat!"
Steven says: "*inserts two quarters into the machine and takes up the Player Two position to compete with Garnet* I have to win!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Let's meat it, prepare your meats!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Shake it!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Tenderize!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Eat it up!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "A Player Two barbecue!"
Steven says: "Ugh, no!"
Steven says: "*takes out his last two quarters* My last shot!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Let's meat it!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Rack those ribs, spice it up!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "Thrill is in the grill!"
Meat Beat Mania says: "You're toasted!"
Steven says: "THIS."
Steven says: "IS."
Steven says: "IT!"
Steven says: "*strikes a pose but still loses, unable to beat Garnet's perfect rhythm* Aw, I can't do it."
Steven says: "*starts tearing* Garnet, snap out of it!"
Steven says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You got to stop!"
Steven says: "*grabs onto the game console and starts prying it apart* Playing this..."
Steven says: "HORRIBLE..."
Steven says: "GAME!!!"
Steven rips the console "grill" off the game machine and smashes it into the screen repeatedly, destroying the game machine. Garnet quickly comes to her senses and her third eye closes.
Garnet says: "*blinks* Steven!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "*summons her visor over her eyes* You won."
Mr. Smiley stomps in angrily after witnessing Steven destroying Meat Beat Mania.
Mr. Smiley says: "Ah..."
Mr. Smiley says: "IT WAS YOU!"
Mr. Smiley says: "You've been breaking my games!!"
Garnet says: "*leaps outside of the arcade to fight the parasites* Pearl!"
Garnet says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "I can help too!"
Mr. Smiley says: "OH NO!"
Mr. Smiley says: "No no!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*grabs Steven and lifts him up* Don't you go flippity flopping out of here."
Time Skip—later in the day.
Steven is sweeping the floor of the arcade while the Gems is fighting outside.
Steven says: "*sees Garnet destroys a parasite* Yeah!"
Steven says: "I'm working!"
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "*sweeps and sees a quarter* Hmm, a quarter!"
The star iris zooms in on Steven, as the Meat Beat Mania narrator exclaims "Now you're cooking!", ending the episode.
END.