Open Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven is running towards his mailbox on the beach, while the Crystal Gems are seen playing in the sand.
Steven says: "♪ Hey Mister Postman, bring me a post!"
Steven says: "Bring me the post that I love the most."
Steven opens his mailbox, finding nothing inside.
Steven says: "Dagnabbit!"
Amethyst says: "Yo."
Amethyst says: "No package yet?"
Amethyst approaches Steven, dragging along a cooler filled with cans.
Steven says: "No package, yet."
Steven says: "I definitely ordered a pair of khakis from "The Distinguished Boy"."
Steven says: "They should have arrived by now."
Steven says: "I'm a distinguished boy, Amethyst."
Steven says: "Don't I deserve some distinguished khakis?"
Amethyst says: "Aw, want one of these instead?"
Steven says: "No, thanks."
Steven says: "*looks at the cliff corner* Any second now."
Steven jumps around the corner of the cliff and strikes a pose.
Steven says: "Hey Mister Postman, bring me a post!"
There is still no one in sight.
Steven says: "Consarn it!"
Steven says: "*walks back, disappointed* Still no Jamie, I don't understand."
Steven says: "He's usually so punctual."
Amethyst sips from a can, when she notices a disappointed Steven.
Steven says: "Bring me a post..."
Amethyst says: "Hey, you shouldn't have to waste your whole day for some thing in the mail."
Amethyst says: "*holds out a can, revealing to be canned beans* Take some of these magic beans to town and trade it for a donut."
Steven says: "You've been drinking..."
Steven says: "Beans?"
Amethyst says: "They're good for the heart."
Steven says: "Unfortunately, I know from experience that the Big Donut does not accept beans as currency."
Steven says: "But, you'd still wait for Jamie while I got us some donuts?"
Amethyst says: "Sure."
Amethyst says: "Why not?"
Amethyst says: "*opens the canned beans* We'll hold down the fort while you're gone."
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Look!"
Pearl says: "We're building a tiny house, for crabs!"
Garnet says: "Welcome to your new home."
Pearl reveals a big sandcastle and Garnet places two blue crabs on the sandcastle.
Pearl says: "Oh, they like it."
Pearl and Garnet chuckles in joy, and Steven giggles.
Steven says: "Thanks Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "No prob!"
Amethyst says: "Just bring me back a bear claw!"
Trans. Ext. The Big Donut.
Steven hums a tune as he skips over to the Big Donut, when he passes by Sour Cream, holding a stack of flyers and looking rather sad.
Steven says: "Good morning Sour Cream!"
Steven says: "Putting a rave tonight?"
Sour Cream says: "Oh, the flyers?"
Sour Cream says: "No, it's Onion."
Sour Cream holds up a flyer, revealing a "Wanted" poster of Onion, but instead with "Missing" written over in red marker.
Sour Cream says: "He's been missing for a couple of days now."
Sour Cream says: "My mom and Yellow-dad are starting to get worried."
Sour Cream says: "You haven't seen him around lately, have you?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "Have you checked his favorite hiding spot in the woods?"
Sour Cream says: "Sure did."
Steven says: "What about inside the vending machine at Funland?"
Sour Cream says: "No luck."
Sour Cream says: "Blew a dollar checking it too."
Steven says: "What about that top secret room inside your house?"
Sour Cream says: "You mean his office?"
Sour Cream says: "Of course."
Steven says: "Hmm.."
Sour Cream says: "Meh."
Sour Cream says: "I'm sure he's fine."
Sour Cream says: "If he's anything like me when I was a kid, he's probably..."
Sour Cream says: "I dunno.."
Sour Cream says: "raving in a friend's backyard."
Sour Cream says: "Anyway, I better hang the rest of these up."
Sour Cream says: "Can you make sure Lars and Sadie get one of these?"
Sour Cream says: "I wanted to hang one on the Big Donut but it's closed."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Closed?"
Steven runs to the Big Donut and tries to open the door forcefully.
Steven says: "Lars?"
Steven says: "SAAADIIIEE!"
Steven peeks into the shop, finding the lights inside are turned off. He then walks around to the back of the shop.
Steven says: "They have to be here."
Steven says: "I know what you guys are doing."
Steven says: "You guys are watching scary movies in the break room like you're not suppose be."
Steven tries to forcefully open the back door.
Steven says: "Open up!"
Steven says: "I!"
Steven says: "Want!"
Steven says: "A donut!"
The door is suddenly opened by Barbara from the inside.
Barbara says: "Hey, you trying to break in or something?"
Steven says: "Barb!"
Steven says: "Uh, no!"
Steven says: "I-I was looking for Lars and Sadie, but they're not back here."
Steven says: "Uh, how did you get in?"
Barbara says: "Well, what kind of mother would I be if I didn't make a copy of all my daughter's keys?!"
Barbara says: "!"
Trans. Int. The Big Donut.
Steven and Barbara enters the dark break room of the Big Donut.
Barbara says: "I only came over to drop off Sadie's lunch."
Barbara says: "She wasn't home last night so I figured I'd bring it here."
Barbara says: "But the place was completely empty."
Barbara says: "Maybe its some baker's holiday."
Barbara says: "Certainly not a federal one."
Steven says: "Sadie never came home last night?"
Barbara says: "Ehhh She's an adult."
Barbara says: "Probably just snuck off for another island adventure with her boyfriend."
Steven says: "That couldn't be, they were going to go to party together but.."
Steven says: "Lars never showed."
Steven says: "And when me and Sadie left, she said she was going home."
Steven says: "And now Sour Cream is looking everywhere for Onion."
Steven says: "And I was expecting a package today from Jamie but he..."
Steven says: "He never delivered it."
Barbara says: "A package?"
Barbara says: "You mean one about "yay" big, two pounds, maybe 4 ounces?"
Steven says: "*gasps* My distinguished khakis!"
Steven says: "Did you see Jamie with them?"
Barbara says: "I did this morning."
Barbara says: "Just before sending him off to your place."
Steven says: "Barb..."
Steven says: "This might be serious."
Steven and Barbara look at each other with deep concerns.
Trans. Ext. The Big Donut.
Steven says: "I'll see if I can find anyone on the boardwalk."
Barbara says: "I'll go check doorsteps for piled up packages, then we'll know if anyone else is missing."
Barbara says: "*shouts out loud* Sadie!"
Barbara says: "Don't worry, honey!"
Barbara says: "*runs off* Mama's coming for you, baby girl!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Good luck."
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven walks along the quiet boardwalk, deep in thought.
Steven says: "Jamie..."
Steven says: "Onion..."
Steven says: "Lars..."
Steven says: "Sadie?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Maybe they all are on vacation?"
Steven says: "No, Steven."
Steven says: "*sighs* Whatever the case, it's up to me to find them."
Trans. Ext. Funland Arcade.
Steven starts calling out loud in front of the arcade.
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Steven says: "Onion!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Teens of Rage Announcer says: "Awaiting new challengers to validate me."
Punch Buddy says: "Somebody, punch me!"
Punch Buddy says: "Please."
Steven stares in unrest at the desolated arcade. He then grabs himself a bag of Chaaaaps from a vending machine.
Steven says: "Well, Sour Cream was right."
Steven says: "Onion wasn't in the vending machine."
Steven says: "And neither was anybody else."
Are you "My Dad"?
Steven looks down and spots a small blue figure, with a teardrop gem on her face, in front of him.
Steven says: "*screams in fright* A Gem!"
Teardrop Gem says: "Are you, "My Dad"?"
Teardrop Gem says: "I need to find "My Dad."
Steven says: "N-No, I- I'm not."
The teardrop Gem groans and flies away.
Steven says: "Wha- W-Wait!"
Steven says: "Don't leave me with another enigma!"
Steven chases the teardrop Gem around the corner, only to find that she has disappeared.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven begins describing the teardrop Gem he saw, while the Gems and Connie attempt to illustrate his description.
Steven says: "And the gem was under her eye."
Steven says: "My right, her left."
Steven says: "And wings, and, yeah..."
The Gems and Connie finish their illustrations and they all show them to Steven. Connie's illustration is anime-esque, of a bust of the teardrop Gem.
Connie says: "I think I made one eye bigger than the other."
Amethyst's illustration is free-form, appearing to be a winged horse.
Amethyst says: "I was going for a feeling."
Pearl's illustration is extremely detailed, looking almost like Lapis Lazuli.
Pearl says: "Honestly, I can't even draw a circle."
Garnet's illustration is simple, looking like...
Steven says: "Okay Garnet, you just drew yourself."
Garnet says: "Uh, I like me."
Steven says: "Well, anyway."
Steven says: "I think Connie was the closest."
Connie says: "Thanks!"
Pearl says: "This was a waste of time."
Pearl says: "*crumples her illustration in her hand* We should be preparing for a fight."
Pearl says: "*grabs Connie's illustration* Whoever this is, she's from Homeworld."
Pearl says: "She's gotta be here for us."
Steven says: "She's not though."
Steven says: "She said, she's looking for her Dad."
The Gems says: "What?"
Pearl says: "Her Dad?"
Steven says: "There are all these people missing."
Steven says: "Maybe her Dad's gone missing too."
Amethyst says: "But Gems don't have Dads!"
Pearl says: "This doesn't make any sense."
Connie says: "Steven's a Gem, and Steven has a Dad."
Garnet says: "There are no other Gems like Steven."
Connie says: "Are you sure?"
Everyone stares at Connie in silence.
Garnet says: "We got to get to the bottom of this."
Garnet says: "We should split up, and investigate."
Steven says: "*gasps* Ruby and Sapphire!"
Garnet says: "Uh, no."
Garnet says: "I meant split into teams."
Steven says: "Ooohh..."
Steven says: "right."
Steven says: "Garnet with yourself, Pearl with Amethyst, and Connie with me."
Steven says: "Let's go!"
Trans. Int. Beach City.
Steven and Connie begin wandering the empty streets of Beach City.
Steven says: "Connie, do you really think there could be another Gem like me?"
Connie says: "Well..."
Connie says: "You know more about Gems than I do, but it couldn't be impossible."
Connie says: "You exist."
Steven says: "Hmm.."
Steven says: "She didn't look half human though."
Steven says: "She was blue and..."
Steven says: "had wings."
Connie says: "Well, what if she's adopted?"
Connie says: "What if, she crash-landed in the big city and she was taken in by a lonely millionaire with a heart of gold?"
Steven says: "And a house of gold."
Connie says: "But one day, he went on a business trip to Beach City, and he never came home."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "guess I'd watch movie of that."
Connie says: "Or read the book."
Connie says: "Or neither, 'cause it could be reality, Steven."
Steven says: "You really think so?"
Connie says: "Hey, the only way to know is find out."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Trans. Int. Forest.
Steven and Connie enter the forest towards Onion's hiding spot. Connie picks up a fallen leaf, crumples it in her hand and holds it up in the air, letting the wind blow it off her hand.
Connie says: "Yup, there's wind."
Steven says: "Man..."
Steven says: "I just feel like I was here with Onion and all his friends."
Steven says: "Where is he?"
Steven says: "Poor Sour Cream missing his brother, and Barb missing her daughter, and her mailman."
Steven says: "And this new Gem missing her dad!"
Steven says: "I know what it's like to have your dad taken away."
Steven says: "She must be so scared."
Connie says: "But you got your dad back."
Connie says: "And you'll solve this too."
Connie says: "We'll solve this, together."
Steven says: "Thanks, Connie."
Steven says: "*smiles at Connie, and she smiles back* Lets turn this woods upside down."
Steven and Connie begin searching through the forest.
Steven says: "Onion!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Steven says: "*looks inside a fallen log* You in here delivering packages to some mail boxes?"
The teardrop Gem from before then appears on a tree beside Connie.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "It's the Gem!"
Steven says: "*pops out of the fallen log* What?"
Connie says: "She looks just like my drawing."
Connie says: "Come on!"
Connie says: "You don't have to be afraid, we'll help you."
Connie says: "Jump down into my arms, my body will break your fall."
Teardrop Gem says: "Are you "My Dad"?"
Connie says: "What?"
Connie says: "Uh- no, I'm not your dad, but we can help you find your dad."
Teardrop Gem says: "I'm not looking for "Your Dad", I'm looking for "My Dad."
Teardrop Gem says: "" I need to find "My Dad."
Connie says: "Riiight, well, we'll..."
Connie says: "help you."
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "*struggles to get out of the fallen log* Connie, wait!"
Steven says: "Be careful."
Teardrop Gem says: "Connie."
Teardrop Gem says: "Are you Connie?"
Connie says: "Yes, I'm Connie."
Connie says: "Me Connie, Connie friend."
Teardrop Gem says: "*chuckles and flies off* Topaz!"
Teardrop Gem says: "I found one!"
Teardrop Gem says: "I found one!"
Teardrop Gem says: "I found a Connie!"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven continue to struggle, trying to get out of the fallen log, when the ground begins to tremble. Connie draws her sword as a large yellow Gem approaches, with the missing humans merged and struggling inside them.
Connie says: "Another Gem!"
Connie says: "She..."
Connie says: "She has everyone."
Steven says: "Let them go!"
Topaz unfuses, separating into two smaller Topazes, while still holding onto the missing humans. The Topazes charge towards Connie and hold hands. Before Connie can even do anything, the Topazes fuse back together with Connie in between, merging her in their body as well.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven finally manages to break free from the fallen log and runs towards Topaz.
Teardrop Gem says: "*perches on top of Topaz* Look at those organics squirming around."
Steven says: "Give me back my friends!"
Teardrop Gem says: "Don't bother listening to that "Steven", he's not "My Dad"."
The teardrop Gem takes off her hair bow, turning it into a small wand. She fires a tractor beam at Steven and hurls him into a tree.
Teardrop Gem says: "Now, all we need is "My Dad" and we're out of here!"
Steven weakly gets up and attempts to reach out to the Gems, with a ringing in his ears.
Teardrop Gem says: "Can't believe they wasted an Aquamarine on a job like this."
Teardrop Gem says: "It's so easy you could've done it yourself, Topaz."
Aquamarine chuckles hysterically as she leaves the forest on top of Topaz.
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "can't..."
Steven says: "take them..."
Steven closes his eyes, as his consciousness fades away.
END.