Open Int. Beach House.
Steven wakes up in the morning from the buzzing of his Cookie Cat™ alarm clock. He begins his morning routine at the kitchen sink, such as brushing his teeth, washing his face, and cleaning his ears. He then dunks his head into the sink full of water to wash his head further. At that moment, Amethyst emerges through the Temple Gate and Pumpkin, barking excitedly, runs up to her.
Amethyst says: "Oooh, hey there, girl!"
Amethyst says: "*pets Pumpkin* Yo, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "This a bad time?"
Steven says: "Of the three things I have to do in the sink now, this is the one I least mind you seeing."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, Peridot is still depressed all up in your B-room?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "She still hasn't gotten over Lapis leaving and taking the Barn with her into space."
Steven says: "I think she just..."
Steven says: "needs a little more time to herself?"
Amethyst says: "Nope!"
Amethyst says: "That's it, we're getting her out."
Steven says: "Wait, Amethyst!"
Trans. Int. Steven's Bedroom.
Steven and Amethyst opens the door to the bathroom.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Peridot?"
Somber country music is heard playing from Peridot's tablet on the sink, while Peridot lies hanging from the bathtub onto the floor, with puddles of water everywhere on the floor. Steven and Amethyst exchange worried looks, and Amethyst walks in.
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "feeling any better?"
Peridot says: "Uugghhh..."
Amethyst pauses the music on Peridot's tablet.
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "Uhh what have you..."
Steven says: "been up to?"
Peridot mumbles something onto the floor.
Steven says: "*walks over* I uhh..."
Steven says: "couldn't really hear you there."
Amethyst lifts Peridot's foot from the bathtub and flips her over to the floor, looking absolutely haggard.
Peridot says: "Nothing..."
Steven says: "You've been in this bathroom kind of a long time?"
Steven says: "Maybe you should get some fresh air."
Peridot says: "*in decrepit*..."
Peridot says: "What's the point?"
Peridot says: "..."
Steven says: "To feel better?"
Amethyst says: "Come on, Peridot!"
Amethyst says: "I can't stand seeing you like this!"
Peridot says: "Like what?"
Peridot says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Dude, let's just get out of the house."
Amethyst says: "We could go check out my old Kindergarten."
Amethyst says: "We met all those other Amethysts up in space, and they all came out of the same rock as me."
Amethyst says: "I've been meaning to get a look at the old neighborhood now that I've met the neighbors."
Steven says: "That sounds fun."
Steven says: "What do you say, Peridot?"
Amethyst says: "You can make us feel dumb by telling us all the stuff we don't know!"
Peridot says: "I miss that..."
Amethyst says: "Great, it's settled!"
Amethyst says: "*picks Peridot up and hoists her over her shoulder* Let's get out of the bathroom."
Peridot says: "Can I bring my music?"
Peridot says: "..."
Amethyst says: "No."
Trans. Int. Train Carriage.
Steven, Amethyst and Peridot board a train that is passing by the countryside. Steven and Amethyst are gazing out at the scenery, while Peridot is laying in a fetal position inside.
Peridot says: "Ugh."
Peridot says: "Why exactly are we taking this outdated, clackity ship there?"
Peridot says: "The Prime Kindergarten has a very convenient Warp Pad."
Amethyst says: "Ehh, we're taking the scenic route."
Steven says: "Come on, Peridot!"
Steven says: "Take a look at the beautiful countryside."
Peridot says: "No."
Peridot says: "Your efforts to entrance me with Earth's beauty are pointless."
Peridot says: "My sector of countryside was perfect."
Peridot says: "Now it's somewhere in space."
Peridot says: "Just let me know when we get there."
Steven looks at Peridot with deep concerns.
Trans. Int. Prime Kindergarten.
The trio arrives at the Kindergarten and begins walking towards Amethyst's hole.
Amethyst says: "Good ol' Kindergarten!"
Amethyst says: "Just the way I left it!"
Amethyst says: "Aww, some things never change."
Amethyst says: "Gah- Actually, everything's different now!"
Amethyst says: "Man, I-I used to think this place was full of empty holes, but now it's like, it's empty with holes which were once full!"
Amethyst says: "All those Amethysts I met in space, they were all here!"
Amethyst says: "While I was right there in the ground."
Amethyst says: "But now, I can finally start putting some faces to holes!"
Amethyst says: "Hohohoh, let's see..."
Amethyst says: "Hup!"
Amethyst proceeds to hop from hole to hole.
Amethyst says: "This must've been 8XJ!"
Amethyst says: "Ooh!"
Amethyst says: "8XK!"
Amethyst says: "8XL!"
Peridot says: "Actually, the order goes from top to bottom."
Peridot says: "That's 8XJ."
Amethyst says: "Really?"
Peridot says: "Yes."
Peridot says: "Curly hair, right?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "How'd you know?"
Peridot says: "You can tell from the iron deposits in the formation there."
Peridot says: "And that's 8XL down below."
Amethyst says: "*hops down and inspect the hole* Whoa, that's pretty amazing, Dot."
Peridot blushes and smiles from the compliment, but comes to a gloomy realization.
Peridot says: "This used to make sense to me."
Peridot says: "I thought life was generated in a Kindergarten."
Peridot says: "Formless, aimless energy channeled into new, useful Gems."
Peridot says: "But life doesn't start in a Kindergarten."
Peridot says: "It ends here."
Peridot says: "I've gotten used to plants everywhere."
Peridot says: "Bugs and breeze and sunshine..."
Peridot says: "All of that has been sucked out of this place."
Peridot says: "It's with the Amethysts that were produced here, and now, this place is nothing but a miserable husk."
Peridot says: "All of the Amethysts are gone."
Amethyst says: "Hey!"
Peridot says: "Oh, all the well-made Amethysts are gone."
Amethyst says: "Yo, not better."
Peridot says: "And nothing will ever grow here again, not even this flower."
Peridot point at a flower growing on the ground, and the trio realizes that it, a form of biotic life, seems to be able to exist in the Kindergarten despite Peridot's descriptions.
Amethyst says: "Wait!"
Amethyst says: "*jumps down and observes the flower* Oh!"
Amethyst says: "I've never seen anything growing here, and I've been hanging around this joint for 5,000 years."
Amethyst says: "Man, it looks healthy, too."
Steven says: "Wow!"
Steven says: "That's Earth for you: Always bouncing back."
Peridot says: "I don't know."
Peridot says: "I'd have to run some tests to see if this is not an anomaly."
Steven says: "You want to try planting stuff here?"
Steven says: "You know how to farm!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, that could be fun!"
Peridot says: "It could be an interesting experiment."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Let's re-garden the Kindergarten!"
Time-Skip.
The trio warp back to the Kindergarten, bringing along gardening tool, some sunflowers and Peridot's tractor, and a montage begins. Rocks are moved to make way for the tractor to plow and cultivate the soil. Holes are dug in the soil and the sunflowers are planted into them, after fertilizers are added. Steven and Amethyst begins watering the sunflowers by blasting them with water guns. Peridot calls it off, suggesting they sprinkle the water from above instead, using Amethyst as a helicopter. Lastly, Amethyst puts a plastic flamingo next to the sunflower field, and the trio celebrates.
Trans. Int. Beach House, The Next Day.
Steven wakes up in the morning and gets ready for the day, happily taking a hot shower. As he leaves his bathroom, he sees Peridot speaking to Amethyst in the kitchen.
Peridot says: "They don't need any more water after yesterday, but according to several tutorials I read, the roots should be starting to take hold."
Amethyst says: "Oh, yeah?"
Peridot says: "So, that's something we can check for today as soon as- *notices Steven* Steven!"
Peridot says: "What are you doing in that bathing gown?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "Get dressed already!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Uh, right!"
Trans. Int. Train Carriage.
The trio boards a train again to get to the Kindergarten, and they begin discussing inside a carriage.
Steven says: "Do you think they grew much overnight?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, I bet the place looks even better!"
Steven says: "We should plant even more stuff."
Steven says: "What do you think we should do next?"
Amethyst says: "What about, hydrangeas?"
Steven says: "Uh, which one's that?"
Amethyst says: "I don't know, but it sounds good, right?"
Steven says: "What do you think, Peridot?"
Peridot says: "Hey..."
Peridot says: "Thanks for doing this with me."
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "Haha, come on."
Steven says: "It was fun."
Peridot says: "I'm just glad I was able to fix something."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, the Kindergarten looks better than ever!"
Trans. Int. Prime Kindergarten.
The trio witnesses in shock at the dead sunflowers on the ground. Peridot picks one up, and it disintegrates with the wind. Steven and Amethyst look on nervously to see what Peridot does next.
Peridot says: "Well, I don't know why I'm surprised."
Peridot says: "I should've known not to have hope."
Peridot says: "It's not going to work!"
Peridot says: "It's never going to work, okay?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, don't be a jerk!"
Amethyst says: "We were just trying to cheer you up."
Peridot says: "And good job with that!"
Peridot says: "I feel just great now that I know that nothing's ever going to get better!"
Peridot says: "Everything is just ruined forever!"
Peridot says: "We can't get any of it back!"
Peridot says: "Not my home!"
Peridot says: "Not Lapis!"
Peridot says: "And not this crummy planet, either!"
Peridot says: "We might as well just throw it all in the garbage and toss ourselves in after, because it's all just hopeless trash!"
Steven says: "Peridot, maybe the sunflowers didn't work, but we know something can grow here."
Steven points at the flower they saw from before, and Peridot walks towards it.
Peridot says: "This clod's just like us!"
Peridot says: "Too dumb to get with the program!"
Peridot stomps on the flower in frustration. Steven and Amethyst whimper, and Peridot immediately feels bad for her actions. Suddenly, the ground starts rumbling.
Peridot says: "Uhhh."
Steven says: "Uh?"
Amethyst says: "Waaaa!"
The ground around the flower cracks and a Flower Monster pops out of the ground, roaring at the trio loudly.
Peridot says: "Oh, of course!"
The Flower Monster grabs Peridot with its hand-like tongue and consumes her.
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Steven and Amethyst run toward the Flower Monster, as it burrows underground and appears behind the duo. Amethyst uses her whip to grasp the Flower Monster's leg, only for the latter to drag her with it underground. Steven attempts to catch up while Amethyst continues to fight it underground.
Amethyst says: "Want to get this together?"
Steven says: "Let's do it!"
Steven and Amethyst hold hands and fuse into Smoky Quartz. They throws the Flower Monster onto the surface and wraps it with their yo-yos, squeezing it tightly until the corrupted Gem poofs back into its gemstone. Peridot lays unimpressed on the ground, while Smoky bubbles the gemstone away.
Peridot says: "I need to go to the bathroom."
Trans. Int. Train Carriage; Evening.
The trio lay down inside the train carriage, disappointed.
Amethyst says: "Man, you were right."
Amethyst says: "The Kindergarten really is dead forever."
Peridot says: "I was a fool to think we could reinstitute life there."
Steven says: "*sighs* Tell me about it."
Peridot says: "All right."
Peridot says: "I will."
Peridot says: "I was pretty much using this as a distraction from losing Lapis, losing the barn, and just a general sense of complete hopelessness I tend to deal with on a day-to-day basis."
Peridot says: "But it really only confirmed to me that once you mess something up, it's ruined for good and nothing will ever be able to grow again."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, we got the subtext."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Oh, wow."
Steven looks outside the train carriage as they pass by a vast field of sunflowers.
Steven says: "What about all this?"
Amethyst says: "Now that's some plants."
Peridot says: "Huh."
Peridot says: "Guess the countryside out here is pretty beautiful."
Peridot says: "But who cares?"
Peridot says: "I wanted to have this for the Kindergarten!"
Steven says: "Even if there was nothing we can do for that one patch of land, there's still a whole Earth blooming all around us."
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Why don't we try gardening in literally any other place?"
Amethyst says: "It'll be easier than trying to plant in the Kindergarten."
Amethyst says: "That dirt doesn't care how green your thumb is."
Steven says: "Green thumb!"
Steven says: "'Cause you're green!"
Peridot says: "I know that!"
Amethyst says: "So, are ya in?"
Peridot says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "Do it, do it, do it, say yes!"
Peridot says: "Ughh."
Peridot says: "Fine."
Peridot says: "I've got literally nothing else to do."
Steven says: "Yay!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, yeah!"
Steven and Amethyst hug Peridot and the trio gazes at the countryside scenery. The star iris closes in on the trio as Peridot returns the hug.
END.