Open Int. Beach House.
Peridot is seen about to give a presentation to the Gems.
Peridot says: "Ahem, ahem."
Peridot says: "As it seems I have no other options, I have conceded to reveal some important information to you Crystal Gems."
Peridot snaps her fingers, cuing Steven to shuffle in, wearing a box with a crudely drawn picture of Earth on it. Peridot, using a flyswatter as a pointer, smacks the box.
Peridot says: "This-!"
Steven says: "*teeters in surprise* Woah!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Is the Earth."
Peridot says: "At the very center of the planet's core lies..."
Peridot says: "the Cluster!"
Peridot says: "Rotate."
Steven complies, turning the box to show a representation of the Earth's core and the Cluster inside.
Peridot says: "*points at the illustration* This is the Cluster."
Peridot says: "A massive, artificial fusion composed of millions of Gem shards."
Peridot says: "It has laid dormant for thousands of years within this planet's crust."
Peridot says: "When this Gem activates and takes its form, the result will be catastrophic."
Peridot says: "Now!"
Steven turns back to the Earth picture and bobs up and down, making escalating noises. A green snake-like puppet then bursts through the box, and the Gems gasps.
Steven says: "BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
Peridot says: "What is that!"
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "*speaks with the puppet* It's the Cluster."
Peridot swats the puppet with the flyswatter.
Peridot says: "It does not look like that."
Peridot says: "But it is real, and it can activate at any moment!"
Steven says: "*hushed tone* Bwaaaah."
Amethyst says: "*sarcastically* What a cluster."
Garnet says: "That abomination must be stopped."
Pearl says: "But how?"
Peridot says: "*suddenly swats at Pearl and interrupts her* Hey!"
Peridot says: "I wasn't finished speaking!"
Peridot says: "What we need is to build some sort of machine to take us to the center of the Earth."
Pearl starts glaring at Peridot in annoyance. Amethyst looks at Pearl and smiles sarcastically. Pearl then glares at Amethyst, causing her to stop.
Peridot says: "It'll need to withstand up to 360 gigapascals of pressure and temperatures of 9800 degrees."
Pearl says: "Well, we mustn't waste time."
Pearl says: "We need to start finding parts for this machine immediately."
Peridot says: "Yes."
Peridot says: "Obviously."
Peridot says: "We'll start by dismantling all devices inside this dwelling."
Steven says: "Wha?"
Peridot runs to the kitchen and grabs the microwave.
Peridot says: "This primitive radiation concentrator should come in handy!"
Peridot tears the microwave off the cupboard and throws it on the counter. She then grabs a corded phone from the living room.
Peridot says: "This primitive vibration transmitter could possibly serve a function!"
Peridot smashes the dials on the table, splitting it in half. She then runs up to Steven's room and lifts up the television.
Peridot says: "There's a remote chance something useful could be inside this primitive image cube!"
Peridot smashes the TV on the floor.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "*runs up to Peridot* I have a better idea that doesn't involve destroying the house!"
Amethyst says: "Classic Steven."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Steven brings Pearl and Peridot to the barn, and Peridot inspects it form the outside.
Pearl says: "All right."
Pearl says: "What we have here in the barn should be adequate enough for us to get started."
Pearl says: "First, I recommend we organize the component types and assemble a rough blueprint based off what we have available."
Steven spins on a swivel chair, with a smile on his face, in front of a chalkboard with a cartoony drawing of a spaceship-like drill. Pearl then takes a look at Steven's drawing.
Pearl says: "Ugh..."
Pearl says: "sorry, Steven, it's a lovely drawing but it won't look like this."
Steven stops spinning, now frowning. Peridot picks up a piece of chalk, examines it and hands it to Pearl.
Peridot says: "Hmm."
Peridot says: "Good, yes, this is adequate."
Peridot says: "Thank you."
Peridot says: "You can go now."
Pearl says: "*exchanges looks with Steven* Uh, what?"
Peridot says: "Hm?"
Peridot says: "Umm.."
Peridot says: "That will be all?"
Peridot claps her hands in command. Pearl continues to stand there, looking incredulously at Peridot.
Peridot says: "*whispers to Steven* How do you get her to leave?"
Pearl says: "Excuse me, I am not leaving."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "She's gotta stay here to help us build the drill thing, right?"
Peridot says: "*chuckles slightly* No, no."
Peridot says: "You're confused."
Peridot says: "A Pearl can't build a thing like this."
Steven says: "Why not?"
Peridot says: "Because Pearls aren't for this!"
Peridot says: "They're for standing around, and looking nice, and holding your stuff for you..."
Peridot says: "right?"
Pearl says: "That's enough!"
Pearl says: "If we're going to work together, you're going to have to listen to me."
Peridot says: "Listen to you?"
Peridot says: "*laughs* *to Steven* Did you teach her to talk like this?"
Steven says: "What are you talking about?"
Peridot says: "She's a Pearl."
Peridot says: "She's a made-to-order servant just like the hundreds of other Pearls being flaunted around back on Homeworld."
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "there's hundreds of Pearls!"
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "*inspecting Pearl's sash* And she looks like a fancy one, too."
Steven says: "*whispering to himself, trying to grasp the number* Hundreds of Pearls..."
Peridot says: "So, who do you belong to anyway?"
Pearl says: "NOBODY!"
Peridot says: "Then..."
Peridot says: "what are you for?"
Pearl recoils back.
Peridot says: "Well, you can belong to me for now."
Peridot says: "Ha!"
Peridot says: "A Peridot with a Pearl, what would they say back home?"
Pearl says: "Now listen here, you tiny twerp!"
Pearl says: "In case you've forgotten, you're on our turf now!"
Pearl says: "And I didn't fight a thousand-year war for this planet's independence to take orders from the likes of you!"
Peridot says: "Excuse me?"
Peridot says: "I am a natural technician and a certified Kindergartener."
Peridot says: "I was made for this!"
Peridot says: "You were made to take orders, not to give them!"
Steven says: "Woah, woah, hang on guys!"
Steven says: "Now, we can all agree that you are both good at building things, so can't you just try listening to each other?"
Pearl says: "No!"
Peridot says: "No!"
Pearl says: "I'm as good at building things as you."
Pearl says: "Better, even!"
Peridot says: "Hah!"
Peridot says: "Name one thing you can engineer better!"
Peridot says: "Go on!"
Steven says: "*whispers* Robots."
Pearl says: "Hmm?"
Peridot says: "Hmm?"
Steven says: "You should build robots."
Steven says: "Giant robots!"
Steven says: "I see a race."
Steven says: "A giant robo-race!"
Steven says: "With prizes!"
Steven says: "Giant robo-prizes!"
Pearl says: "You mean like a competition?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "To see who's better at building stuff!"
Peridot says: "What are these "robots" you speak of?"
Steven says: "They're like those funky marble guys you were sending!"
Steven says: "Only bigger, and you can ride them!"
Peridot says: "Hah, building one of these robots will be easy!"
Pearl says: "Well, I can build one faster!"
Peridot says: "That's what you think!"
Pearl and Peridot begin to build their respective robots while Steven watches in awe. Garnet and Amethyst then arrive at the barn.
Amethyst says: "Yo Steven, how are the wonder nerds doing- Woah!"
Amethyst says: "Wh-what's going on?"
Amethyst says: "Are they building the drill?"
Steven says: "*whispers* No."
Steven says: "We're building robots now."
The power tools start making loud noises, causing Amethyst and Steven to cover their ears.
Amethyst says: "What'd you say!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven says: "I SAID-!"
Suddenly, Pearl, donning her space suit, rides out of the barn in her robot, showing off its mobility.
Steven says: "GIANT ROBOT!"
Peridot says: "Hah!"
Peridot says: "Pathetic."
Peridot says: "Now, behold, my vision of ultimate power!"
Peridot laughs as she shows off her robot's claws. She then notices the height of Pearl's robot, compared to hers, and gasps.
Peridot says: "Hey!"
Pearl says: "Mine's taller."
Pearl says: "I win."
Time Skip.
Steven says: "Ladies and gentle-Gems, welcome to the first annual Robolympics!"
Garnet says: "*clappinh* Woo!"
Amethyst says: "*chewing on popcorn* Popcorn!"
Steven says: "This competition will test our robo-engineers' skills of robo-construction and robo-piloting."
Steven says: "Whoever wins will get to be in charge of building the Cluster-drill-machine-thing."
Steven says: "Let the games begin!"
Pearl and Peridot begin competing, while Steven tallies on the chalkboard, and Amethyst and Garnet spectate. Various aspects of their machines are put to the test, such as balance, crushing, jumping, speed, and some other non-sequitur categories such as ballet, art, and rock-paper-scissors. Other competitions include jumping jacks, tug-of-war, and projectile strength. Antics ensue, such as when the two robots crash into a tree during the speed competition, to which Amethyst rejoices in excitement. Steven also chooses to declare the art competition inconclusive as it is subjective. Ultimately, the two tie in terms of points, leading to a final round at early evening, involving the tossing of trucks.
Steven says: "Alright guys, this is the final event!"
Amethyst says: "You got this, P!"
Garnet says: "Get it, girl!"
Pearl looks on in determination from the support, while Peridot frowns at her.
Steven says: "*raises his hand* Ready, set, CHUCK!"
Both robots grab their respective trucks and toss them far into the yonder. Both trucks disappear over the horizon, giving no clear indication of whose flew farther.
Steven says: "Woah."
Garnet says: "Woah."
 says: "Woah."
Amethyst says: "Woah."
Steven says: "You both get a point on that one."
The group return back to the chalkboard to decide the winner.
Steven says: "Hmm, hmm."
Steven says: "Looks like our final score is..."
Steven says: "a tie!"
Steven says: "Welp, that settles it."
Steven says: "You both get to lead the project together!"
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "This isn't over!"
Peridot says: "I demand we have a tiebreaker!"
Pearl says: "Ugh, let's just give it a rest!"
Pearl says: "That's it, we tied, we're the same, let's move on."
Pearl begins to pilot her robot away, but Peridot grabs on with her robot's claws.
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "You're a Pearl!"
Peridot says: "You are beneath me!"
Peridot says: "I'll always be better than you and nothing I've seen today will ever change that!"
Pearl says: "Well, have you ever seen a Pearl do this!"
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl's robot then kicks Peridot's robot backwards, causing it to land on its back. Steven, Garnet, and Amethyst audibly gasp, with Amethyst dropping her popcorn.
Peridot says: "So, you want to fight!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "*snaps her robot's claws* Good."
Peridot says: "We should've done this from the beginning!"
Peridot's robot tackles into Pearl's robot. The two lock hands and start wrestling each other.
Steven says: "STOP!"
Steven says: "Giant robots shouldn't fight!"
Amethyst says: "Fight, fight, fight, fight!"
Peridot, laughing, has her robot toss Pearl's robot towards Steven, Garnet, and Amethyst, who quickly jump away as Pearl's robot crash-lands onto the ground, knocking away the chalkboard.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "It's alright, guys!"
Pearl says: "I've got this."
Steven says: "Be careful!"
Amethyst says: "Kick her in the butt!"
Peridot's robot is about to slam its claw atop Pearl's robot, but Pearl pilots it around and block it. The two robots then lock hands again.
Peridot says: "This is pointless!"
Peridot says: "There's no way you're gonna beat me!"
Peridot says: "You're an accessory!"
Peridot says: "Somebody's shiny toy!"
Peridot says: "Where do you get off acting like your own Gem?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "You're just a PEARL!"
Pearl grimaces, but her expression becomes determined.
Pearl says: "That's right!"
Pearl says: "I am a Pearl!"
Steven, Garnet, and Amethyst all gasp in surprise.
Amethyst says: "WOOO-HOOOO!"
Peridot's robot takes a few steps back while Pearl's robot gets up.
Pearl says: "What you're saying may be true, but it doesn't matter!"
Pearl says: "I'm still gonna kick your butt!"
Amethyst says: "Ohohohoh!"
Pearl's robot descends towards Peridot's robot with a kick. Peridot's robot, however, catches Pearl's robot's leg with one of its claws, and Peridot snickers in delight.
Pearl says: "Uh-oh."
Peridot's robot proceeds to slam Pearl's robot on the ground repeatedly. Steven, Garnet, and Amethyst grimace with each impact. Pearl lies knocked out in a crater, along with her beat-up robot.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Garnet says: "Pearl!"
 says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Ugh..."
Peridot says: "*laughs and gets off the robot* Victory is mine!"
Peridot says: "Now I'm the one in charge!"
Peridot says: "Praise me, praise me!"
Steven says: "Pearl, are you okay?"
Steven helps Pearl up.
Pearl says: "Ah, I'm alright."
Amethyst says: "YEAH, P!"
Amethyst says: "*rushes in and gives Pearl a hug* Aww, that was awesome!"
Amethyst says: "You were hardcore!"
Pearl says: "*rubs her arm* Oh..."
Pearl says: "really?"
Garnet says: "*pets Pearl* Oh yeah."
Peridot says: "Hey!"
Peridot says: "Why aren't you listening to me!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "I won!"
Peridot says: "I'm the natural leader here!"
Peridot says: "She's just a common Pearl!"
Steven says: "You're wrong!"
Steven says: "If Pearls are really like you say they are, then Pearl isn't common at all!"
Garnet and Amethyst smile at Steven's remark.
Steven says: "She trained herself to fight!"
Steven says: "She learned how to build things!"
Steven says: "And she works hard every day to be greater than she already is!"
Steven says: "That's not common; that's amazing!"
Pearl blushes and smiles as well. The group stands in a calm silence for a brief moment.
Garnet says: "Come on, let's clean up this mess."
Amethyst says: "Pearl, hah, you should come wrestling with me."
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Pearl says: "I dunno..."
Peridot says: "B-b-but I won!"
Peridot says: "What about the rules!"
Peridot says: "?"
Garnet says: "Welcome to Earth."
Peridot stands incredulously, looking down as her swollen cheek from Pearl's punch. Time passes by, Garnet, Amethyst and Steven all help to retrieve the broken parts of Pearl's robot and put them back in the barn. Steven looks on as Peridot approaches Pearl, carrying a power drill.
Peridot says: "*clears her throat* I have to admit, it's..."
Peridot says: "remarkable that a Pearl such as yourself could become such a..."
Peridot says: "knowledgeable technician."
Peridot says: "Mmm..."
Peridot says: "*holds up the power drill the wrong way* Why don't we get started?"
Pearl says: "*takes the power drill* You're holding it upside down."
Peridot says: "*blushes* Y-yes."
Peridot says: "Of course."
Peridot says: "Y'know, those round appendages on your machine could be useful for something."
Pearl says: "They're called "wheels"."
Steven says: "*sighs* Looks like we're well on our way to stopping the Cluster."
Steven Cluster Puppet.
Steven screams as he grabs himself with the puppet, making fake devouring sounds.
Steven says: "Ah, we're doomed!"
The star iris closes on the puppet, ending the episode.
END.