Open Int. The Barn.
Peridot is seen talking into her tape recorder into the barn, while Lapis and Steven watch on next to her.
Peridot says: "And then I'll say, "Hey, as one refugee to another, it isn't so bad that we can't go back to Homeworld, am I right?"
Peridot says: "Why don't we watch the sun come up and figure out what we're going to do with all this time, eh Lazuli?"
Peridot says: "" And then she'll say, "Yes Peridot, as impressed I was by you on the ship, I am even more impressed with your new compact look and capacity for friendship!"
Peridot says: "I'm so glad we're going to live together!"
Peridot says: "" Peridot, Facet 5."
Peridot stops recording and casually turns to Lapis.
Peridot says: "Let's begin."
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "This isn't gonna work."
Peridot says: "Wait, what?"
Lapis says: "I really thought I would be living alone here."
Steven says: "Yeah, but this is even better!"
Steven says: "Oh here, how about this?"
Steven says: "I saw this on an episode of a TV show!"
Steven says: "I didn't see how it ended, but I'm sure it worked out right."
Steven says: "We'll divide this place in half."
Steven takes out a marker and starts drawing a straight line on the floor.
Steven says: "You'll both have your own space."
Steven says: "High ceilings, real wood floors, convenient location on the heart of the country; so what do you think, roomies?"
Peridot and Lapis stand opposite of one another on both sides of the line.
Peridot says: "I like the cut of your gem, Steven Quartz!"
Lapis says: "No!"
Lapis says: "No way!"
Peridot says: "What's the problem?"
Peridot says: "You're the one getting all the good stuff!"
Peridot says: "You've got the propeller and paint cans on your side!"
Peridot says: "You can do tons with those!"
Peridot says: "Oooh, actually, I want the paint cans."
Peridot says: "You wanna trade something?"
Lapis says: "*glares at Peridot dismissively* I don't care about paint cans."
Lapis says: "That's not the problem."
Peridot says: "Bah..."
Steven says: "What's wrong, Lapis?"
Lapis says: "It's her."
Peridot says: "Egh?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Lapis says: "She's the problem."
Lapis says: "I can't stand the thought of looking at her everyday."
Lapis says: "She's the one who dragged me back to Earth!"
Peridot says: "Hey, it wasn't my idea!"
Peridot says: "I was headed to Earth and I needed an informant!"
Peridot says: "It should have been a simple mission."
Peridot says: "Things didn't exactly work out for either of us."
Lapis says: "*gets angry* You used me like everyone else did!"
Peridot says: "But it's not like that anymore!"
Peridot says: "It's different now; I'm different!"
Steven says: "*walks next to Peridot* It's true, Lapis!"
Steven says: "Peridot has really come into her own since she's been living on Earth."
Peridot says: "I sabotaged my own mission!"
Peridot says: "I helped save the Earth!"
Peridot says: "I even yelled at Yellow Diamond!"
Peridot says: "She's probably sending a whole fleet to find me and shatter me right now."
Peridot says: "I'm kind of a big deal; a big Anti-Homeworld deal!"
Lapis approaches Steven, and Peridot moves behind her uncertainly.
Lapis says: "*forcing a concerned smile* Steven, I don't think this is gonna work."
Steven says: "Ahhhh, ummmm, maybe we could put up a curtain?"
Lapis gives Steven a patient smile, but then walks out of the barn and flies away to the top of the silo. Peridot starts pouting as Lapis flies off.
Steven says: "*turns to Peridot* Err, sorry."
Steven says: "Thought this was gonna be okay..."
Steven says: "I forgot the last time you saw each other.."
Steven says: "wasn't, so okay."
Peridot says: "That was in the past!"
Peridot says: "It's not like that now!"
Peridot says: "UGHH!"
Steven says: "I know."
Peridot says: "But obviously she doesn't!"
Peridot says: "She's the one who needs to know!"
Peridot says: "I want her to understand!"
Steven says: "Awww Peridot, that's sweet!"
Steven says: "That's the you you need to show her!"
Peridot says: "*confused* Show her my sweet?"
Peridot says: "..."
Steven takes out a giant piece of paper and folds it in half.
Steven says: "Cards are a great way to tell someone something if you can't be face to face with them!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Or if they don't wanna see your face."
Steven says: "You gotta give her a taste of the sweet version of Peridot."
Steven starts drawing on the cover of the card while Peridot watches, seemingly in distaste.
Steven says: "Here, look!"
Steven says: "*hands Peridot his drawing* It's you and Lapis holding hands!"
Peridot says: "Where are our noses?"
Steven says: "Oh, that's kinda part of my style lately."
Peridot says: "Is not having fingers also your style?"
Steven says: "No, I'm-I'm just bad in drawing hands."
Steven says: "So here's your part - come here!"
Steven says: "*gestures Peridot to sit down beside him* Write an apology inside to Lapis so she knows how sorry you are about before, and that everything is okay now."
Steven says: "If you write it from your heart, your feelings will reach her!"
An awkward silence falls between Steven and Peridot, as Steven realizes the different context of his words.
Steven says: "Just, try to be sincere."
Peridot says: "*contemplating* Hm."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Lapis is lying peacefully with her eyes closed on the roof of the silo, as she lets out a relaxed sigh. Peridot then starts calling out to her from below.
Peridot says: "*distantly* Hey Lazuli!"
Peridot says: "HEY Lazuli!"
Peridot says: "HEEY!"
Lapis frowns and her eyes widens, as her peace is suddenly interrupted, and she turns to her side, groaning in frustration.
Peridot says: "Lazuliiii, HEY!"
Peridot says: "*to Steven* Why isn't she responding?"
Steven says: "I'm not sure."
Steven says: "I thought she was up there.."
Steven says: "*calls out* Lapis!"
Steven says: "Are you up there?"
Lapis says: "Huh?"
Lapis says: "*hears Steven and swoops down in front of him* Yes, Steven?"
Steven says: "*turns to Peridot* Go on!"
Peridot walks up to Lapis and hands her the card.
Peridot says: "Steven did the outside, and I did the inside!"
Lapis says: "*unimpressed, opens the card and read it* "Sorry I interrogated you."
Lapis says: "You were just full of such useful information."
Lapis says: "That's a sincere compliment."
Lapis says: "Peridot."
Lapis, still unimpressed, glances back at Steven and Peridot, who are looking and grinning at her hopefully.
Trans. Int. the Barn.
Steven and Peridot return back into the barn, with their efforts clearly rejected, while Peridot speaks into her tape recorder.
Peridot says: "The noses!"
Peridot says: "One can only conclude that it was the lack of noses!"
Peridot says: "It seems illogical to me that it wouldn't be any of the writing elements!"
Peridot says: "It took me over an hour to compose it, and I was the most sincere as per Steven's instructions!"
Steven says: "It could be she's not much of a reader?"
Steven says: "How about a gift?"
Peridot says: "Another approach, yes!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "But what?"
Steven says: "Hmm, think of things she likes."
Peridot says: "Things she likes.."
Peridot says: "Lapis Lazulis are typically partial to water and flying."
Peridot says: "*ponders* Hmm."
Peridot says: "*put up her finger in excitement* Ah!"
Steven gasps in anticipation.
Peridot says: "*immediately refutes herself* No..."
Steven says: "No?"
Peridot says: "Nuh-uh..."
Peridot says: "*put up her finger in excitement again* BUT IF!"
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Peridot says: "*scrunching her face up in disdainful thought, refuting herself again* Nah..."
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "That'd probably be overdoing it."
Steven and Peridot groan together in mild frustration. Steven then looks out of the barn.
Steven says: "Hm, water..."
Steven says: "*noticing the hole previously made by the drill* I think you have something with that!"
Trans. Int. the Barn.
Steven guides Lapis by her hand steadily, who has her eyes covered by her water wings.
Steven says: "You can't see through those, right?"
Lapis says: "Actually, yes."
Lapis says: "But it's very blurry."
Steven says: "Good to know."
Steven says: "Well, here we are!"
Lapis retracts her water wings off her eyes, and her smile quickly disappears when she sees Peridot, who is floating proudly on a rubber tube on a pool of water where the hole previously was.
Peridot says: "H-2-Oh my GOSH!"
Peridot says: "It's a smaller-than-an-average lake!"
Steven says: "It's from the hole we drilled!"
Steven says: "Peridot and I sealed it and filled it with water."
Lapis stares at the pool with a disappointment and disbelief.
Peridot says: "It's a gift for you!"
Peridot says: "You know, 'cause water's your thing."
Peridot says: "*chuckles* Pretty good, right?"
Peridot says: "The barn's out here in the country, but now you can get your moisture fix whenever."
Peridot says: "Do all that water stuff you do!"
Lapis says: "Water?"
Lapis says: "*scornfully narrows her eyes* Seriously?"
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Lapis says: "You do realize that I spent the last few months trapped under the ocean, right?"
Peridot says: "Sure!"
Peridot says: "..."
Lapis says: "It was an endless, crushing darkness."
Lapis says: "Wet, and bleak, and suffocating."
Lapis says: "Water was the tomb I lived in for those months."
Peridot sweats anxiously at Lapis' dark explanation, and slumps into the rubber tube.
Peridot says: ""T-Tomb", you say?"
Lapis says: "Yeah."
Lapis says: "I'm kinda taking a break from water right now."
Lapis says: "*disdainfully* But thanks..."
Lapis says: "for the lake."
Both Steven and Peridot groan in dismay and despair.
Lapis says: "*turns to Steven* Don't worry, Steven."
Lapis says: "It's not your fault."
Lapis then spread her water wings and flies off again, as Steven and Peridot stare after her, speechless.
Trans. Int. the Barn, Early Evening.
The sky begins to fill with dark clouds. Lapis is back sitting atop the slio, while Steven and Peridot are back inside the barn. Peridot fumes into her tape recorder as Steven sits and watches.
Peridot says: "A pool?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "What a cloddy idea!"
Peridot says: "Of course she wouldn't like that!"
Peridot says: "There's nothing, nothing, NOTHING!"
Steven says: "There has to be something, something, something..."
Steven says: "*starts thinking* Maybe, instead of something she likes.."
Steven says: "give her something you like!"
Steven says: "A piece of you!"
Peridot says: "Umm..."
Peridot says: ".."
Peridot says: "okay?"
Peridot says: "*shrugs* How about, my Camp Pining Hearts DVD.."
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "Which season?"
Peridot says: "5..."
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "*immediately shrugs and refutes the idea* Trash."
Peridot says: "*shrugs in agreement* I know."
Peridot says: "Ughhhh."
Peridot falls backwards onto the floor, and starts speaking into her tape recorder in frustration.
Peridot says: "Log date- whatever, Facet- whatever!"
Peridot says: "Ughh, WHATEVER!"
Peridot says: "Clearly there's nothing important enough for me to give to Lazuli."
Peridot says: "At least I have you, tape recorder."
Peridot then looks at her tape recorder with an epiphany.
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Peridot presents a small gift with both hands excitedly to Lapis, while Steven stands behind her, making a dramatic emphasizing pose towards Peridot.
Peridot says: "Ta-dah!"
Lapis just stares down angrily at Peridot, as Peridot awkwardly inches closer and closer, trying to get a response from Lapis.
Peridot says: "See, the ribbon is even blue."
Peridot says: "I got yo' number!"
Peridot keeps presenting the gift excitedly to Lapis, who continues to silently and monotonously stare at her motionlessly. Peridot's grin falters and she darts an uncertain sidewards glance to Steven, who shrugs in response.
Peridot says: "Uh, here, I'll unwrap it for you!"
Peridot says: "When I was stuck here, Steven gave me this tape recorder as a gift and I didn't really get it at first, but it made me feel better."
Peridot says: "*rips the wrapping away, revealing her tape recorder bundled inside* Just to talk about the weird stuff that was happening."
Peridot says: "It'll help you too!"
Peridot holds out the tape recorder to Lapis again hopefully, and she finally takes the tape recorder by its top side, still making no comment or further action.
Peridot says: "*nervously instructing* You, umm, press the button to record, an- and then you talk into it!"
Lapis looks at the tape recorder as Peridot and Steven smile expectantly. She then presses the red record button and speaks into it.
Lapis says: "I don't want, your garbage."
Lapis holds out the tape recorder, crushes it in her hand and drops it on the ground, causing the tape cassette inside to pop out. Steven stares in shock and horror, while Peridot stares at her wrecked recorder, flinching without blinking.
Peridot says: "NNGUH!"
Peridot says: "What, were you trapped in a tape recorder too?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Lapis glares at her, enraged by Peridot's comment.
Peridot says: "*gets frustrated* Look, I get it, you know?"
Peridot says: "You're confused!"
Peridot says: "You can never go back to Homeworld."
Peridot says: "This place, doesn't exactly feel like home yet."
Peridot says: "You're alone, no one could possibly know what that feels like!"
Lapis keeps glaring at Peridot, narrowing her eyes in anger.
Peridot says: "Oh wait, I do!"
Peridot says: "We're the same, except!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "*calming down* You don't have to be alone!"
Lapis simply just glares away, unconvinced.
Peridot says: "So tell me then, what you want from me!"
Peridot says: "And whatever that is..."
Peridot says: "*sighs* I'll do it."
Lapis says: "*scowling angrily, and snarls* I want you, TO LEAVE!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Okay."
Peridot, visibly hurt, puts up a determined facade and complies, walking away into the hills. Steven watches worriedly as Peridot leaves. Lapis then walks up to Steven's side with a calm expression.
Steven says: "Lapis, why are you being so mean to her?"
Steven says: "She's really trying!"
Lapis says: "*skeptically* Why do you trust her, Steven?"
Steven says: "Because I know her!"
Steven says: "Lapis, you're not even giving her a chance!"
Steven says: "You should have at least gotten to know her before you decided you don't like her!"
Lapis glances down at the broken tape recorder on the ground with a tinge of regret.
Steven says: "Now it's too late."
Steven says: "And she's never coming back again."
Peridot is then suddenly heard again, screaming in the distance as she runs towards Steven and Lapis.
Steven says: "Oh, she's coming back again!"
Peridot says: "*runs past Steven and Lapis* They're here!"
Peridot says: "AHHHH!"
The dark clouds in front of Steven and Lapis begin glowing, as a menacing modern floating pod burst through from above and beams a yellow ray of light at the two.
Steven says: "*gasps* Run!"
Steven and Lapis retreat into the barn, where Peridot is cowering inside.
Steven says: "What is that thing!"
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "It's a Roaming Eye, a Homeworld tracking vessel!"
Peridot says: "I told you, I'm public enemy number 1!"
The Eye hovers from above the barn and shine its beam upon it, the light slipping through the cracks in the wooden ceiling. Peridot gasps in panic but quickly covers her mouth, as Steven shushes her. The beam then passes by, as the Eye seemingly goes away, and the trio sighs in relief. The beam then shines upon them again, as the Eye peeks through the partially-repaired broken wall of the barn, evoking them to flee out of the barn and onto the fields outside. The Eye catches up to them and focuses its beam onto the trio again.
Peridot says: "*overcoming with fear* No, uh, ah!"
The iris of the Eye is joined by four more diamond-shaped irises, and they all turn red, as the Eye begins to advance towards the trio.
Peridot says: "This is it, Steven!"
Peridot says: "*clings onto Steven's arm* They're going to wipe my precious grin off the face of this planet!"
Steven says: "Stay behind me!"
Steven says: "I'll protect you!"
Just then, Lapis silently walk past Steven and Peridot and stands in front of them. She glances back at Peridot for a brief moment and begins drawing and rising the water from the pool. She shapes the water into a hand and uses it to flick a finger at the Eye, halting its descent. She then dismissively slams the Eye into the ground with the water hand, forming several diamond patterns around it as it hits the ground. The water is retracted back into the pool as Steven and Peridot stare in disbelief.
Peridot says: "Holy smokes..."
Pearl says: "*calling out* Steven!"
Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst then arrive at the scene beside the trio.
Amethyst says: "Holy smokes!"
Pearl says: "Are you alright?"
Pearl says: "We saw the ship and came as fast as we could."
Steven says: "Yeah, I'm okay."
Steven says: "Lapis saved us..."
Steven says: "But, it looks like Homeworld really has it out for Peridot."
Peridot quietly tries to sneak away to avoid further confrontation.
Lapis says: "Peridot!"
Lapis says: "..."
Peridot's hair stands in shock as she turns around, anticipating further rebuff, as Lapis turns towards her.
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "Are you okay?"
Peridot beams happily at Lapis' hint of concern.
Lapis says: "Um..."
Lapis starts blushing and she turns away to hide her blush. Steven giggles gently, as the other Gems stare curiously. Suddenly, noises are heard from the crashed Eye, and everyone gasps in shock. A hatch opens up with smoke gushing out, and a one-eyed Ruby soldier emerges from it, staring around towards them menacingly.
END.