Opn Ext. It's a Wash.
Steven is seen sitting inside a car, wearing sunglasses and monologuing to himself.
Steven says: "They told me there wasn't enough room on the road for the universe."
Steven says: "And I told them, the universe is my road."
Steven shifts the gears in the car, steps down on the accelerator pedal, and pretends to drive the car.
Steven says: "Vroom, vroom!"
Connie says: "*starts knocking the window of the car* Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "*lowers the window and takes off his sunglasses* Oh, hey, Connie!"
Steven says: "*gets off the car* Thanks for letting me practice, Dad."
Steven says: "This car's great!"
Steven says: "But I think it might be too small to live in."
Greg says: "Ah, the van's still home sweet home."
Greg says: "I just thought now that I'm swimming in dough, why not get a new car?"
Connie says: "A new car?"
Connie says: "But it's got this big "Used" sticker on it."
Greg says: "I like to think of it as more experienced than "used"."
Greg takes out another sticker, reading "Dad On Board", and pastes it over the "Used" sticker.
Greg says: "This baby's a Dondai Supremo from the era of frosted tips, mood rings, slap bracelets."
Steven and Connie stare at Greg cluelessly.
Greg says: "You know, before you kids were born."
Connie says: "What a time to be alive."
Greg says: "I've had my eye on the Dondai since way back when."
Greg begins showing Steven and Connie a series of photos of a younger him next to a brand new Dondai.
Greg says: "I loved that car."
Greg says: "I wanted that car."
Connie and Steven look at the photos awkwardly as they reveal the younger Greg "making out" with the car and then getting apprehended by security. Greg then toss all the photos away.
Greg says: "Also, these things are crazy on the road."
Greg says: "*gets in the car* Front wheel suspension, tons of ponies."
Greg says: "But best of all..."
Greg says: "It has a tape deck!"
Greg inserts a cassette tape into the tape deck and chill music begins to play. Greg starts air-guitaring, and Steven and Connie giggle together. They then pick up sponges and start cleaning the Dondai, when Steven notices the water in a bucket rippling. He looks up and see a yellow-colored sports car approaching, playing loud rock music. Greg, Steven and Connie gasp in shock as the sports car drifts and skids in front of the car wash, causing Steven and Connie to cough from the dust clouds created. The car window lowers, revealing Kevin to be the driver.
Kevin says: "Give me a wash, old man."
Greg says: "Uh, right away, young man."
Connie says: "Is that..."
Connie says: "?"
Steven says: "Kevin..."
Steven says: "!"
Greg begins scrubbing the sports car when Kevin talks on his phone.
Kevin says: "*on his phone* I didn't say iron the socks."
Kevin says: "I said I want my socks pressed."
Kevin says: "*turns to Greg* Whoa- Wait, wait."
Kevin says: "Careful with the tires, Grandpa."
Kevin says: "I got a big race today, and my car has to look as beautiful as me."
Steven says: "*rushes in between Greg and Kevin* Back off, Kevin!"
Steven says: "He's not a Grandpa!"
Steven says: "He's just a regular Pa!"
Kevin turns off his phone and looks intently at Steven.
Kevin says: "Have we met before?"
Kevin says: "I think I'd remember a twerp like you."
Steven says: "You do remember a twerp like me!"
Connie runs towards Steven, laughing nervously.
Connie says: "*nervously* You- You just look like another guy we know."
Kevin says: "That's impossible."
Kevin says: "There's only one..."
Kevin says: "Kevin!"
Kevin then speeds off in his sports car without even paying Greg.
Greg says: "Hey!"
Greg says: "He forgot to..."
Greg says: "Eh, what do I care?"
Greg says: "*looks down gloomy* I'm rich."
Steven says: "*growls angrily* I hate Kevin!"
Greg says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Greg says: "Watch the four letters, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "Hate's a strong word."
Steven says: "It's a strong feeling too."
Greg says: "Do you know that guy?"
Connie says: "Well, kinda."
Steven says: "He was a creep!"
Greg says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "That's five letters!"
Connie says: "He kept asking us to dance with him, even though we said no."
Connie says: "It was really..."
Connie says: "uncomfortable."
Steven says: "He didn't even care about how we felt."
Steven says: "At all!"
Greg says: "*sighs in exasperation* I had no idea that happened."
Greg says: "I'm..."
Greg says: "really sorry."
Greg says: "That guy, he's not even worth the time of day."
Greg says: "Don't even give him the satisfaction of thinking about him."
Connie says: "Thanks, Mr."
Connie says: "Universe."
Steven looks down in anger.
Time-Skip - Dusk.
Steven and Connie are lying on the hood of the Dondai and gazing at the sky. Steven then sighs deeply in frustration.
Connie says: "Still mad about Kevin?"
Steven says: "Yes..."
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "Me too."
Steven says: "*sits up* You don't seem mad."
Connie says: "I'm thinking mad."
Connie says: "*sits up too* I still feel like there's something big I want to say to him, you know?"
Connie says: "Something to make him think, like we're thinking."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Too bad we can't just..."
Steven says: "race against him."
Steven says: "To use the first place ribbon to wipe that smug look off his face!"
Connie says: "But we're kids."
Connie says: "Kids can't drive."
Connie says: "That's against the law."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "We weren't kids when we met Kevin."
Connie says: "*smirks* I smell what you're steppin' in."
Trans. End of Racing Site.
Kevin's sports car arrives ahead of Jenny's car at a car park at the foot of a hill, while various bystanders, including Buck Dewey, Sour Cream and Ronaldo Fryman, watch on.
Jenny says: "*frustrated* Ugh!"
Jenny says: "My practice didn't pay off at all!"
Jenny says: "That was so bad!"
Techno music pulses from Kevin's car as he steps out and leans on the open car door.
Kevin says: "I know, baby."
Kevin says: "I'm the worst."
Jenny scoffs.
Kevin says: "Anyone else think they can beat me and my Himitsu X-12 on the downhill course, step right up."
Ronaldo and some other folks remain silent.
Kevin says: "Come on, how am I going to get a cool-down lap if no one wants to go?"
The sound of engine revving is then heard, as the Dondai drives into the car park. The car door opens and Stevonnie steps out.
Stevonnie says: "I'll race you!"
Kevin says: "Huh?"
Ronaldo says: "Ah!"
Ronaldo says: "Aah!"
Ronaldo says: "*rushes towards Stevonnie enthusiastically* Ha!"
Ronaldo says: "Is that a '96 Supremo!"
Ronaldo says: "?"
Stevonnie says: "Uh..."
Stevonnie says: "I think it's a Dondai?"
Ronaldo says: "A Supremo is a Dondai!"
Stevonnie says: "Wow."
Stevonnie says: "Really?"
Ronaldo says: "..."
Ronaldo says: "Are you saying you don't know the true power of the Supremo?"
Stevonnie says: "Uh..."
Kevin says: "Huh!"
Kevin says: "That's why I knew those brats at the car wash; they're you!"
Kevin says: "Your whole "two kids in a beautiful trench coat" routine won't fool me this time, so don't even try it!"
Stevonnie says: "You don't know what you're talking about."
Stevonnie says: "I'll show you what I'm made of when I beat you at this race!"
Kevin says: "Heh."
Kevin says: "I see what's going on here."
Stevonnie says: "*crosses their arms disdainfully* Do you?"
Kevin says: "You've had a taste of Kevin, and now you're obsessed."
Stevonnie says: "*pauses, and then squints frustratingly* What?"
Kevin says: "*shrugs innocently* I get it."
Kevin says: "I have that effect on people."
Kevin says: "It's cute."
Kevin says: "But aren't I a little old for you?"
Stevonnie says: "Gah!"
Stevonnie says: "Do you want to race or not!"
Stevonnie says: "?"
Kevin says: "The start is at the top of the mountain."
Kevin says: "We go when the clock strikes the hour."
Kevin says: "First one to the bottom wins, but you don't have to worry about that last part."
Stevonnie says: "Ah!"
Kevin gets in his Himitsu and speeds off up the hill, leaving smoke from the tires skidding and causing everyone, except Stevonnie, to cough.
Stevonnie says: "That guy is going down."
Trans. Start of Racing Site, Twilight.
Both the Himitsu and the Dondai, with the engines on, are parked side by side on the road at the top of the hill, as crickets are heard chirping in the background. Kevin checks at his analog watch, displaying a few minutes till 9 o'clock. He then glances at Stevonnie, who is growling in frustration.
Kevin says: "*smirks tauntingly* You know, this mountain pass has some really beautiful views."
Kevin says: "Shame you'll only be seeing my tail lights the whole time."
Stevonnie says: "*grips the steering wheel agitatedly* You wish."
(Stevonnie glances at the electrical clock in the Dondai says: "59"."
as the time turns "8 says: "59"."
(Stevonnie glances at the electrical clock in the Dondai says: "Electric mid-tempo music begins playing in the background as road lights switch on off-screen."
as the time turns "8 says: "Electric mid-tempo music begins playing in the background as road lights switch on off-screen."
(Stevonnie glances at the electrical clock in the Dondai says: ")"
as the time turns "8 says: ")"
Kevin says: "It's Kevin time!"
Kevin revs his car engine and takes off, scaring a nearby blue jay.
Stevonnie says: "*startled* Shoot!"
Stevonnie shifts their car gear and takes off as well, while the blue jay perches on a yellow Winding Road danger sign. Kevin speeds ahead down the road alone, as he drives smugly and confidently. Lights then emit from behind him as Stevonnie catches up from behind.
Stevonnie says: "*sweating I won't let you win!"
Stevonnie shifts the gear and speeds past Kevin.
Stevonnie says: "Ha ha!"
Stevonnie says: "*laughing tauntingly, and then spot a sharp turn on a cliff up ahead* Oh."
Back in the car park, Ronaldo is spectating the race with a pair of binoculars.
Ronaldo says: "Oh my gosh!"
Ronaldo says: "*lowers his binoculars* This is it!"
Jenny says: "Are they gonna crash?"
Ronaldo says: "No!"
Ronaldo says: "We're about to witness the true power of the Supremo!"
The Cool Kids says: "..."
A Bystander says: "..."
The Cool Kids says: "Oh..."
A Bystander says: "Oh..."
The Cool Kids says: "!"
A Bystander says: "!"
In their panic, Stevonnie quickly drops the gear, pulls the hand brake and slams their foot on the brake pedal. They yanks the steering wheel left, closing their eyes tightly, as the Dondai begins drifting through the sharp turn. Stevonnie then open their eyes, realizing they have drifted successfully.
Stevonnie says: "*chuckles smugly* Huh?"
Stevonnie then notices that Kevin has already caught up to their car.
Kevin says: "So you do know how to use that thing."
Kevin changes his car gear using paddle shifters and speed ahead, drifting through another sharp turn, when Stevonnie still right behind him. Kevin then suddenly slows down his car, causing Stevonnie to slow down as well to avoid colliding in him, and speeds off after faking them out. The two cars eventually begin drifting side by side at another sharp turn.
Kevin says: "*smugly* I know you want to be close, but this is a little clingy."
Stevonnie says: "*sticks their tongue out in disgust* Ugh."
The two cars continue racing along a straight road side by side, with the Dondai still falling slightly behind.
Kevin says: "Feel like giving up yet?"
Stevonnie says: "Ugh!"
Stevonnie says: "Why do you have to be such a jerk, all the time?"
Kevin says: "*looks away uncomfortably* The truth is, I don't mean to be this way."
Kevin says: "I-I just lash out because of my little brother."
Kevin says: "*inhales sharply and sighs* He's sick."
Kevin says: "Been sick all our lives."
Kevin says: "Sometimes I think if I act real cool and never let anyone see my pain, then maybe the pain will go away."
Kevin says: "And maybe..."
Kevin says: "*covers his face with his hand* I can take his pain away, too."
Stevonnie says: "Kevin..."
Stevonnie says: "I had no idea."
Kevin starts sniffling, seemingly crying, before breaking into a hysterical laughter.
Kevin says: "Dude!"
Kevin says: "I don't even have a brother!"
Kevin says: "I'm like this because I think it's funny!"
Stevonnie says: "UGGGHHH!"
Kevin says: "Chowzers."
Stevonnie says: "*teeth gritting* Kevin!"
Stevonnie grips onto the steering wheel as they glares and groans in fury at the Himitsu just in right of them. Their vision then turns narrow as they begin to hallucinate.
Stevonnie Connie.
What's... happening?
Stevonnie Steven.
Kevin!...
Stevonnie glances up at the rear view mirror and gasps in shock, as they sees the road crumbling underneath the Dondai behind them.
Stevonnie Connie.
Stevonnie Steven.
No! We have to beat him. He deserves to lose!
Stevonnie tries to maintain focus on the Himitsu, when a ghastly figure of Kevin's face with red glowing eyes appears and approaches towards them. Stevonnie screams in fright and veers the steering wheel to their left, as everything cuts to black.
Time-Skip.
The Dondai is seen idling in the middle of the road, having skidded out of control and facing the wrong way. Inside the car, Steven and Connie, having unfused from Stevonnie, are sitting shoulder-to-shoulder on the driver seat in bracing positions.
Steven says: "*panting* Are you okay?"
Connie says: "I think so."
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven and Connie sigh in relief and recline in the driver seat.
Steven says: "Seems like the car is safe, too."
Connie opens the car door and steps out, looking down the road.
Steven says: "What are you doing?"
Connie says: "*turns to Steven* What are we doing?"
Steven says: "We're getting Kevin back."
Steven says: "We're about to beat him at his own game!"
Connie says: "Yeah, but why do we even have to play his game?"
Steven says: "Because-!"
Steven says: "He's- he's..."
Steven says: "DAGH!"
Connie says: "I know!"
Connie says: "So why should he get to have any say over how we feel?"
Steven says: "He doesn't!"
Connie says: "But, he's the reason we're racing."
Connie says: "Steven..."
Connie says: "He's the reason we fused..."
Steven says: "*gasps in realization* We are obsessed with him."
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "I want to finish this race..."
Connie says: "but not for him."
Steven says: "*takes a deep breath* Right."
Steven says: "*walks over to Connie and holds out his hand* For us!"
Connie grabs Steven's hand as the two exchange determined looks. Back in the car park, the Cool Kids and bystanders are watching with concerns and worries.
Jenny says: "The Supremo isn't moving!"
Jenny says: "Ugh, that's it, I'm gonna go up there and check if they're okay."
Ronaldo says: "Wait!"
Ronaldo points up at the hill as the Dondai's engine revs and its lights lit up again. Stevonnie, fused back together, grins, reverses the car back upright and speeds down the road. They eventually catches up as Kevin spots them in his rear view mirror.
Kevin says: "*scoffs* Finally."
The Dondai drives up next to the Himitsu.
Kevin says: "You caught up."
Kevin says: "I was worried you'd miss seeing me win."
Stevonnie does not reply or look in Kevin's direction, much to his annoyance.
Kevin says: "What, so you're shy now?"
Stevonnie continues to ignore Kevin and speeds ahead of him.
Kevin says: "*surprised* What?!"
Kevin says: "!"
Kevin grunts and accelerates his car. Both cars drift through another sharp turn, passing by a convex mirror, and speeds through another straight road. Stevonnie then looks out in their car in curiosity.
Stevonnie says: "Woah..."
From the road, Stevonnie is able to see a clear view of Beach City behind Rehoboth Bay, with the full moon shining upon it and making it look milky-white. They then looks up to the sky and sees radiant stars in the clear night sky. They laugh softly with joy, admiring the beautiful scenery. Kevin, falling behind, sneers and growls in frustration as he spots the car park; the finish line coming in view. He then grins smugly and activates a nitrous canister at the back of his car, boosting him past Stevonnie and beating them at the last minute.
Jenny says: "*disappointed* Aww!"
Jenny says: "I was rooting for you, Dondai!"
Ronaldo says: "Kevin is the worst!"
Ronaldo says: "Boo!"
Kevin says: "*taunting Stevonnie* What, what?"
Kevin says: "That's right!"
Kevin says: "First place, baby!"
Kevin says: "It's like I invented winning."
Stevonnie says: "*holds out their hand* Good race."
Kevin says: "*looks at their hand suspiciously* You tryin' to..."
Kevin says: "kiss my hand with your hand or something?"
Stevonnie says: "You know, Kevin, you were right."
Kevin says: "*scoffs and turns away* I know."
Kevin says: "..."
Kevin says: "About what?"
Stevonnie says: "The view from the mountain was pretty great."
Kevin says: "*gets agitated* Hey!"
Kevin says: "don't try to teach me a lesson!"
Kevin says: "You lost!"
Stevonnie says: "Second place isn't so bad..."
Stevonnie says: "for my first time driving a car."
Kevin says: "*scoffs in displeasure* Look at you!"
Kevin says: "You're so obsessed with me, you're gonna drive away."
Stevonnie begins driving off.
Kevin says: "Fine!"
Kevin says: "Go play with some kiddy toy cars!"
Kevin says: "I could beat you at that, too!"
Stevonnie glances at Kevin, yelling in desperation, through their rear view mirror as they continues driving off, smiling to themselves.
Kevin says: "Don't forget!"
Kevin says: "You're obsessed with me!"
Kevin says: "*runs onto the road* Obsessed!"
Kevin says: "Obseeeeeessed!"
The star iris closes on the Dondai shrinking in distance, ending the episode.
END.