Open Ext. The Barn.
Steven and Amethyst are walking through a grassy field while Amethyst is cracking her newly-obtained flail.
Amethyst says: "Did you see that?"
Amethyst says: "Wa-poosh, just wa-poosh!"
The scene is set, showing Amethyst and Steven walking somewhere.
Steven says: "That's great, Amethyst."
Steven says: "You're getting so fast."
Amethyst says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "This is worse!"
Amethyst says: "This morning it was like wshh!"
Amethyst says: "Just wshh!"
Amethyst says: "Superfast, like wshh-wshh!"
Steven says: "Uh-huh."
Steven says: "I think this is why a day off would be good for you."
Steven says: "You should take a break from obsessing over Jasper."
Amethyst says: "*begrudgingly dispels her flail and sighs* Are you sure we have to do this now?"
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven says: "Visiting Peridot and Lapis will be so much fun!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, 'cause when I think "fun", I think "Lapis"."
Steven says: "I wonder what they're up to."
Amethyst says: "Maybe they drove each other crazy and burned the barn down."
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "They sure did something to the barn."
Steven and Amethyst stop walking, having reached the barn, and stare at the now heavily-modified barn. Some modifications includes a truck placed into the ceiling, the silo moved to cover up the previously broken side of the barn, a small tent next to it with a green Canadian flag, and various ornaments hanging around. Peridot, wearing a bowtie, and Lapis are seen sitting on the back of the truck, watching "Camp Pining Hearts" on a TV.
Percy TV.
But Paulette, I need you!
Peridot says: "Oh, get over it, Percy."
Peridot says: "Go make another friendship bracelet."
Lapis says: "Seriously."
Steven says: "*calling out* Lapis!"
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Steven says: "Hi!"
Peridot and Lapis look down and see Steven and Amethyst. They both smile ecstatically as Lapis floats down with her water wings and Peridot crawls into the truck to exit from inside the barn.
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Lapis says: "It's so good to see you again!"
Steven says: "You too, Lapis!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst!"
Peridot says: "Something looks different about you."
Amethyst says: "*shocked* Like what?"
Peridot says: "Have you grown taller since the last time I saw you?"
Amethyst says: "Nope, still short."
Peridot says: "*laughs* You're welcome!"
Peridot says: "For the joke."
Steven says: "Wow, you guys are looking good!"
Steven says: "And I love what you did to the barn!"
Peridot says: "Awh, I know."
Peridot says: "But wait, wait!"
Peridot says: "You guys have to see the inside!"
Peridot says: "Lapis, fly us in!"
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "No."
Trans. Int. the Barn.
The four proceed to step into the barn.
Peridot says: "Welcome to our home away from Homeworld!"
Steven says: "*runs to the previously broken wall* Woah, you made the wall an aquarium!"
Steven stares at the aquarium, when the alien plushie that Peridot previously won, its neck slightly ripped, floats by inside, startling Steven. Meanwhile, Amethyst rolls a vacuum cleaner, filled with fish and water, back and forth casually with her foot.
Amethyst says: "You did all this stuff on purpose?"
Amethyst says: "Like, you didn't just knock over a bunch of paint cans and go, "Eh, just leave it."
Peridot says: "Oh no, this was all very intentional."
Peridot says: "You see, I have this idea: What if we made music, but instead of sounds, we use things?"
Amethyst says: "That's dumb."
Steven says: "*walks in* Guys, that's art!"
Peridot says: ""Art"?"
Peridot says: "That sounds ridiculous!"
Lapis says: "I've been calling it "meep-morp"."
Peridot says: "Let us show you our..."
Peridot says: "morps."
Peridot snickers as she walks over to a table with several cassettes on top, along with her broken recorder with a blue ribbon placed on it.
Peridot says: "This piece is called "Wow, thanks"."
Peridot says: "It represents the struggles of intercommunication."
Peridot says: "The tape is the ribbon that binds our experience on Earth together."
Peridot says: "It has no functional purpose!"
Peridot says: "It just makes me..."
Peridot says: "feel bad!"
Peridot smiles uncannily after she has explained her meep-morp. Lapis then shows off a mobile, consisting of a baseball mitt, a baseball bat, and a baseball, all of which tethered by strings to a stick.
Lapis says: "Here's my meep-morp."
Lapis says: "This is a baseball bat."
Lapis says: "It reminds me of when I played baseball."
Lapis steps backwards, now showing off a leaf sticking on top of a pile of mud.
Lapis says: "This is the leaf Steven gave me."
Lapis says: "It reminds me of the time..."
Lapis says: "Steven gave me a leaf."
Steven says: "Hey, yeah!"
Steven says: "It reminds me of that too!"
Steven and an uncomfortable Amethyst glance towards a TV on a stand in the barn, with two mirrors sticking out of it and looping a scene from "Camp Pining Hearts".
Percy TV.
I just feel trapped- I just feel trapped-.
Steven says: "*worried* Is this one about..."
Steven says: "the thousands of years you spent trapped in a mirror?"
Lapis says: "No, I just really like that show."
Peridot says: "Oh, Amethyst!"
Peridot says: "You'll love this one!"
Peridot and Lapis walks up to three toilets crudely placed in a semicircle, with one more in the back facing forward and slightly lifted.
Peridot says: "Check it out!"
Amethyst says: "They're..."
Amethyst says: "toilets?"
Peridot says: "Right!"
Peridot says: "*starts laughing and speaking* What will I think of next?"
Peridot says: "This represents the time I spent imprisoned in your bathroom, Steven."
Steven looks away awkwardly and Amethyst glances at him.
Peridot says: "I call it "Occupied"."
Peridot says: "It's a collaborative piece."
Peridot gives Lapis a thumbs-up before she does the same, as Lapis proceeds to make water sprout from all four toilets, waving the sprouts back and forth in an artistic way.
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "amazing!"
Amethyst says: "I don't get it."
Steven says: "What's there to get?"
Steven says: "It's water!"
Steven says: "Shooting out of toilets!"
Amethyst says: "I can see that at home."
Peridot says: "Alright, I see you're not impressed."
Peridot says: "But this- hold on."
Peridot begins to rummage through a corner of the barn and grab several musical instruments.
Peridot says: "This, this is what we've all been waiting for!"
Peridot says: "With the power of my metal abilities, I will impress the shirts right off of you!"
Peridot stands at the barn doorway, levitating two drums, two cymbals, a saxophone, a recorder, a triangle, a tambourine and a harmonica in the air, while holding two drumsticks.
Peridot says: "Ta-da!"
Peridot says: "It's a one-Gem metal band!"
Peridot inhales and blows into the harmonica, causing her to lose control of every other instruments, as they fly in various directions and crash onto the ground. Peridot then casually tosses the drumsticks onto the ground.
Peridot says: "Welp, that's as far as I've practiced that!"
Lapis and Steven starts laughing as Steven nudges Amethyst, still unimpressed. Lapis walks up to Peridot and places a hand on her shoulder.
Lapis says: "Why don't you try one thing at a time?"
Peridot says: "Because we have guests, Lapis!"
Peridot says: "Guests who must be impressed!"
Lapis says: "Hmm..."
Lapis says: "*picks up the tambourine and begins playing it* We can try it together!"
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Peridot levitates a triangle and dings it once. Steven and Amethyst sit down and watch Peridot and Lapis perform.
Steven says: "Isn't this great?"
Amethyst says: "*annoyed* Pfft."
Amethyst says: "No."
Steven says: "Look at all this cool stuff they're doing!"
Peridot and Lapis continue to perform together as they randomly hit the triangle and shake the tambourine, without any beat or reason.
Amethyst says: "This is all nothing!"
Amethyst says: "They've been out here playing with garbage!"
Steven says: "But you love playing with garbage..."
Amethyst says: "Not anymore!"
Amethyst says: "Who has time for any of that when Jasper is out there!"
Peridot and Lapis freeze in place as Peridot drops the triangle on the floor.
Peridot says: "Uh, Amethyst?"
Peridot says: "I uh, try not to use the J-word so loosely around here."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* I'm going to go do something useful."
Amethyst gets up and walks out the barn.
Peridot says: "Wow, Amethyst doesn't seem to understand morps at all."
Steven says: "No, it's something else."
Steven says: "Amethyst found out..."
Steven says: "she's supposed to be just like Jasper."
Peridot says: "Meh?"
Steven says: "Jasper took her down in a fight and now she's obsessed with getting a rematch."
Steven says: "To prove she's good enough."
Peridot says: "Hmph."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Amethyst is outside knocking over cans angrily with her flail, when Peridot suddenly pops in and grabs her arm.
Peridot says: "Amethyst, Ams, Big A!"
Peridot says: "You, are way better than Jasper!"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "Oh..."
Amethyst says: "*turns to Steven, walking in* What did you tell her?"
Steven says: "I uh..."
Peridot says: "What are you even doing comparing yourself to her?"
Peridot says: "*begins to swivel a can nearby with her metal abilities* Oh Amethyst, that's ridiculous."
Peridot says: "I should call you "Ridiculous-thyst"."
Peridot grows slightly frustrated, unable to knock over the can with her metal abilities, and kicks a stone at it, knocking it over.
Peridot says: "I mean, seriously."
Peridot says: "*levitates another can* Amethyst and Jasper are two completely different Quartzes."
Peridot says: "Sure, you're both from Earth, but your Kindergartens are radically different."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "H-hold on, what?"
Amethyst says: "We're both..."
Amethyst says: "from Earth?"
Peridot says: "Well sure!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst, you're from the Prime Kindergarten in Facet Five."
Peridot says: "She's from the Beta Kindergarten in Facet Nine!"
In her trance of explaining, Peridot lets loose her control of the can she is levitating, and it drops on her head. She continues explaining, unfazed.
Peridot says: "Have you seen that place?"
Amethyst says: "No!"
Peridot says: "Oh, well maybe you should!"
Peridot says: "So you can see how the other half was made: Poorly!"
Peridot says: "*laughs* No, seriously, let's go."
Peridot says: "You'll get a kick out of this."
TV static is heard, as Lapis returns back to watching "Camp Pining Hearts" on the back of the truck.
Percy TV.
That's your problem, Paulette. You let yourself become the kayak race.
Lapis says: "Cold."
Peridot says: "Um, just one second."
Peridot says: "I wanna check and make sure Lapis is okay."
Peridot says: "*starts yelling* HEY, LAPIS, ARE YOU OKAY?"
Lapis says: "Yeah."
Peridot says: "ARE YOU SURE?"
Lapis says: "Yeah."
Peridot says: "I'M LEAVING, BUT I'LL BE BACK!"
Lapis says: "Okay."
Peridot says: "DO YOU NEED ANYTHING?"
Lapis says: "No!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "WHAT SEASON IS THAT?"
Lapis says: "Three."
Steven says: "Peridot, let's go."
Peridot says: "Okay, yeah, business time."
Peridot says: "*takes off her bowtie* YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THIS!"
Peridot hurls the bowtie at Lapis, who has her hand held up, and the bowtie flies over her head, overshooting past Lapis, who remains motionless.
Trans. Ext. Beta Kindergarten.
Amethyst, Peridot, and Steven warp onto a Warp Pad stationed in a desert.
Peridot says: "Here we are, Jasper's origin."
Peridot says: "The Beta Kindergarten."
The trio looks forward at the Kindergarten before them, mostly similar to the Prime Kindergarten with inactive Injectors hanging around, except it is much smaller, much more narrow, and made out of red sandstone.
Steven says: "Am I underwhelmed?"
Steven says: "It's pretty bright out here."
Amethyst says: "It's red."
Peridot says: "No kidding."
Peridot says: "Heh."
Peridot says: "Red sandstone!"
Peridot says: "Hah!"
Peridot says: "This is what I'm talking about!"
Peridot says: "We're lucky this place hasn't blown away."
Peridot says: "Beta, am I right?"
Steven says: "*laughs, and whispers to Amethyst* That's a math joke, right?"
Peridot says: "Heh, c'mon, it gets worse."
Steven and Amethyst begin to follow Peridot into the Beta Kindergarten.
Peridot says: "I mean, this place has got the right growing conditions in a pinch."
Peridot says: "I guess..."
Peridot says: "*picks up a rock, licks it, and tosses it aside* But it's too small!"
Peridot says: "It was obviously a total rush job."
Steven says: "Uh, rush job?"
Peridot says: "Halfway through the rebellion, Homeworld scrambled to generate extra soldiers on the ground."
Peridot says: "Look at this!"
Peridot says: "*gestures to a bunch of exit holes* The holes don't even line up!"
Peridot says: "*chuckles* It's like they just threw Injectors down wherever!"
Peridot says: "Oh, and that one?"
Peridot walks up to an exit hole half-way inside a small tunnel.
Peridot says: "This Carnelian came out sideways!"
Peridot says: "How could she not, the walls are curved!"
Peridot says: "Haha, what a joke."
Amethyst says: "Man, I-I had no idea."
Peridot says: "I tell you, it really makes you appreciate the Prime Kindergarten, Amethyst."
Peridot says: "Your Kindergarten was so thought through!"
Peridot says: "Sure, you might have spent extra time in the ground, but everything else is stacked in your favor!"
Peridot says: "Great location, great holes, even spacing, consistent depth, a real Kindergartener gets it right."
Steven stops walking and notices a pair of broken Injectors, which are missing all of their legs.
Steven says: "*quietly* What happened to this Injector?"
Peridot says: "What you want to see is a vertical alignment; no angle in the exit, a clean, strong silhouette."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "None of these holes come close!"
Amethyst says: "What about that one?"
Amethyst points at an exit hole that is much larger than any other hole, with the arms in an upward pose instead of at the sides.
Peridot says: "Jasper..."
Steven says: "This is Jasper's hole?"
Amethyst says: "It's huge."
Peridot says: "Oh, come on, we already know she's tall."
Peridot says: "Let's take a closer look."
Peridot says: "*approaches the hole and tries to climb into it* A Kindergartener can tell a lot about a Gem's makeup and flaws by their exit marks."
Peridot is unable to climb into the hole, and she turns to look at Steven.
Peridot says: "Steven.."
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven runs over and tosses Peridot high up into the air, and she catches onto the ledge of the hole on the fall down.
Peridot says: "Thanks!"
Peridot says: "*climbs into the hole and begins inspecting it* You see, the problem here- wait."
Peridot says: "Oh, wait, oh, no, umm..."
Peridot says: "Now this part..."
Peridot says: "hmm."
Peridot says: "There's this thing where if you count the steps to the back I can..."
Peridot paces backwards into the hole, and then shortly walks out and climbs down from the hole defeatedly. She then walks up to Steven and Amethyst without a word.
Amethyst says: "What is it?"
Peridot says: "She's even got frictional rock melt."
Peridot says: "It's glass all the way to the back."
Peridot says: "Actually, I uh..."
Peridot says: "I've never seen an exit hole this perfect."
Amethyst says: "Ughh..."
Amethyst says: "So it is true."
Steven says: "Amethyst, that doesn't matter."
Steven says: "Who you are isn't about where you came from!"
Steven says: "It's who you wanna be!"
Steven says: "It's what you worked hard for."
Steven says: "It's what you care about!"
Steven says: "That's what really matters."
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you're right!"
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "It's about who I wanna be!"
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "And I wanna be the Gem that beats Jasper into the dirt!"
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Peridot says: "Wait, no!"
Peridot says: "Don't fight her!"
Peridot says: "Are you not seeing this?"
Peridot says: "She's the ultimate Quartz!"
Amethyst says: "I'm doing it."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, and not just for me, for all the weird holes out there!"
Amethyst says: "Like this guy!"
Amethyst says: "And "Skinny" up there!"
Amethyst says: "And, and, and this mess!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst, that's..."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, ha!"
Amethyst says: "I bet she was great."
Peridot says: "No, no no no, hold on."
Peridot says: "*runs up to the huge hole* Something's really wrong here."
Peridot says: "These marks are new."
Peridot says: "This hole's been dug out."
Peridot says: "Recently."
Steven says: "Maybe it was a prairie dog?"
Steven says: "A uh, really big one.."
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "Hm."
Peridot walks further down the Kindergarten, and Steven and Amethyst follow.
Peridot says: "There's more!"
The trio sees dozens of holes dug into the cliff walls, all barred by metal poles.
Amethyst says: "Woah."
Peridot says: "These aren't exit holes anymore."
Steven says: "Then what are they?"
Steven approaches one and reaches for one of the bars, when a Corrupted Gem Monster attacks from inside and nearly hits him.
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Peridot and Amethyst both quickly grab Steven and pull him away. Yellow lights, presumingly the eyes of other monsters, begin glowing from the darkness of the barred holes and loud growling are heard everywhere.
Steven says: "Corrupted Gems?"
Steven says: "In cages?"
Peridot says: "Why?"
Peridot says: "Who would do this?"
Amethyst gasps in surprise as she spots a silhouette behind a cloud of dust.
Amethyst says: "That's who."
The cloud of dust clears away, revealing to be Jasper.
Steven says: "Jasper."
Amethyst angrily summons her flail, preparing to fight Jasper once more.
END.