Trans. Int. Dondai Supremo driving down a road with "Can't Hold Me" by Emily King playing.
Connie says: "Oh, man, I can't get enough of this song!"
Sour Cream on radio.
And that was "Can't Hold Me" by Emily King, just one of the many songs you can request tonight at the Starlight Roller Rink featuring DJ Sour Cream!
Pearl says: "*while rolling up Bismuth's sleeve* I'm so excited for you to get out there *shows Bismuth blushing* and experience some interpersonal relationships with humans, Bismuth!"
Pearl says: "*while unbottoning Bismuth shirt a little bit* Don't be afraid to show off your gem."
Pearl says: "*while patting Bismuth* They're gonna love you for who you are."
Bismuth says: "Hope I can keep up."
Man says: "Are you tired of shady mechanics bleeding you dry?"
Pearl says: "Ahhhh!"
Pearl says: "I love this song!"
Man says: "Bring it to Cams: Steven: *chuckles* You mean this commercial?"
Pearl says: "Turn it up!"
Steven and Connie start laughing as it shows the outside of the Dondai driving.
Trans. Int. Starlight Roller Rink.
Pearl says: "*walks in with Bismuth* Here we are!"
Bismuth says: "Wow!"
Bismuth says: "So you mean to tell me people pay to have wheels strapped to their feet for fun?"
Bismuth says: "That is really something else..."
Steven says: "*looks over at something out of frame* Hey, there's Sour Cream!"
Show's Sour Cream as the rink's DJ.
Sour Cream says: "Keep skatin' in circles."
Sour Cream says: "You're doing great."
Bismuth says: "I don't know about this, y'all."
Bismuth says: "I've never skated before."
Steven says: "This'll be my first time skating."
Bismuth says: "How'd you end up missing out on this popular human activity?"
Steven says: "Well, with everything that's happened since I got my powers, I've kinda missed out on a lot of human stuff."
Steven says: "But hey, it can't be that hard to skate, right?"
Pearl says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Pearl says: "There you are!"
Jaime says: "Yo, Pearl!"
Bismuth says: "Wow, so that's Pearl's fan club, huh?"
Bismuth says: "They seem so..."
Bismuth says: "*Pearl pulls a roll of toilet paper out of her gem and throws it to Khadijah and they laugh* friendly and interesting."
Steven says: "It's like she has a whole other life going on."
Pearl says: "*waving them over* Steven, Connie, Bismuth, this is Khadijah, Jaime, and Brandish."
Pearl says: "They're just a few of my human friends."
Khadijah says: "So have you guys known Pearl long?"
Steven says: "I've basically known Pearl my whole life."
Connie says: "Pearl taught me how to use a sword."
Bismuth says: "I guess I've known Pearl a, uh, few thousand years."
Pearl says: "That's right!"
Pearl says: "Bismuth also built Little Homeworld."
Khadijah says: "You're also an architect?!"
Khadijah says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Somethin' like that."
Connie says: "Hey, let's get our skates on."
Steven says: "Okay."
Connie says: "Alright!"
Connie says: "You ready?"
Steven says: "'Mm-hmm!"
A girl says: "*her and a boy skate over to them* Whoa, is that Connie?"
Connie says: "Patricia!"
Connie says: "Daniel!"
Daniel says: "What's up?"
Connie says: "Steven, these are a couple of my friends from Cram School."
Steven says: "Oh, uh, h-how's it going?"
Daniel says: "It's cool."
Patricia says: "You shoulda seen Daniel earlier."
Patricia says: "He was all bent out of shape cause his mom tore into him over his last test scores."
Daniel says: "UGH!"
Daniel says: "You know I kinda forgot about it for a sec."
Steven says: "Heh."
Steven says: "I know how that is."
Steven says: "One time White Diamond tore into me."
Steven says: "Literally, *laughs*, she, uh, she took my gem, I'm part Gem, by the way, she pulled it right out of my body."
Daniel says: "Okayy."
Patricia says: "So, what grade are you in, Steven?"
Steven says: "Grade?"
Steven says: "Uhhhhh, ahhh, sixteenth."
Daniel says: "So you're taking AP classes?"
Steven says: "Uhhhhh."
Connie says: "Y'all ready to skate?"
Patricia says: "Heck yeah!"
Connie, Patricia and Daniel skate off to the roller rink. Leaving Steven behind.
Steven says: "*sighs* I really blew that one."
Steven says: "I bet if they were enemy Gems we would be best friends by now."
Connie says: "Hey, Steven!"
Connie says: "Come on!"
Patricia and Daniel laugh and enter the roller rink with Connie. Steven enters as well.
Steven says: "Alright, here I come!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven slips and falls over.
Connie says: "Woah, are you okay?"
Steven says: "*nervously laughs* Yeah."
Connie says: "It's your first time, right?"
Steven tries to get up, but fails.
Steven says: "Uh, yeah."
Steven says: "But I'm sure I'll get it."
Connie says: "Do you want some help?"
Steven says: "No, thanks."
Steven says: "I'm okay."
Steven tries to stand up on the edge of the rink. He slips, but manages to catch himself.
Steven says: "You can go on without me."
Steven says: "I'll catch up."
Patricia says: "Oh, okay."
Connie says: "Yell if you change your mind."
Connie, Patricia and Daniel skate off.
Steven says: "Don't worry about me."
Steven slowly skates across the edge of the rink.
Steven says: "I'm already getting the hang of it."
Pearl, Bismuth, Khadijah, Jaime, and Brandish skate past, laughing.
Khadijah says: "Wow, Bismuth."
Khadijah says: "The way you skate is like marvellous."
Brandish says: "I love your flow."
Bismuth says: "Well, you guys ain't see nothing yet!"
Bismuth bumps into Pearl. Bismuth picks her up and swings her across. They laugh.
Bismuth says: "Careful there!"
Pearl says: "Bismuth, you're a natural!"
Pearl says: "Now, get this."
Pearl says: "When humans want to see each other again, they exchange "numbers"."
Pearl says: "You should try it."
Pearl says: "I'm sure you'll have fun."
Bismuth says: "*laughs* What are you talking about?"
Bismuth says: "I'm having fun already."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "Here, take this."
Pearl pulls out a roll of toilet paper from her gem, and gives it to Bismuth.
Pearl says: "Every human has at least one of these in their homes."
Pearl says: "Sometimes they even use it for vandalism."
Pearl says: "Good luck out there!"
Pearl skates and twirls away.
Bismuth says: "Wait, where are you going?"
Pearl says: "You don't need me anymore, Bismuth."
Pearl says: "The humans already love you."
Pearl says: "I'm going to make some connections of my own!"
Pearl skates over to an old man skating.
Pearl says: "Hello, fellow skater!"
Pearl says: "Would you like a fresh roll?"
Pearl pulls out another roll of toilet paper, and gives it to the man.
Bismuth says: "Have fun."
Jaime says: "Hey, Bismuth!"
Jaime says: "You gotta show us more of those cool moves."
Bismuth says: "Well, if you insist!"
Jaime says: "Woo!"
Jaime says: "Alright!"
Bismuth skates away, and Khadijah, Jaime, and Brandish follow her. Steven is seen still slowly skating across the edge of the rink. He falls over at the exit from exhaustion.
Steven says: "Okay, one lap!"
Steven says: "I think that deserves a break."
Connie skates over to Steven.
Connie says: "Hey, Steven."
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "Where are Daniel and Patricia?"
Connie says: "Their still having fun on the rink."
Connie says: "Did you wanna hang out?"
Connie says: "I don't have to skate, you know?"
Steven says: "No, no."
Steven says: "You're here to have fun."
Steven says: "You're so busy studying."
Steven says: "You should get to be with your friends."
Connie says: "You're my friend."
Connie says: "We could sit and have some tater tots?"
Steven says: "No, no."
Steven says: "You should skate."
Steven says: "*gets up* I want you to skate."
Connie says: "Well, okay then..."
Connie skates off.
Steven says: "*groans* What am I doing?"
Bismuth skates over to Steven.
Bismuth says: "Hey, Steven."
Bismuth says: "Done tearing it up?"
Steven says: "Bismuth, I think I've forgotten how to talk to humans."
Bismuth says: "Really?"
Bismuth says: "Have you tried one of these?"
Bismuth pulls out the roll of toilet paper that Pearl gave her, and gives it to Steven.
Bismuth says: "Pearl says it's supposed to help."
Steven says: "Maybe later..."
Bismuth says: "What's the deal?"
Bismuth says: "I thought you got along great with humans."
Bismuth says: "What about Connie and Greg?"
Steven says: "Greg's my dad, he doesn't count."
Steven says: "And Connie, it's fine when it's just us, but I don't know how to talk to her when she's with her friends."
Steven says: "You did fine making friends, right, Bismuth?"
Bismuth says: "Oh, yeah, um."
Bismuth says: "It was alright."
Steven says: "Alright?"
Steven says: "It was what you came for, wasn't it?"
Bismuth says: "Uh, well..."
Bismuth says: "um."
Bismuth looks at Pearl.
Steven says: "W-Wait, Pearl?"
Steven says: "Bismuth, you're here for Pearl?"
Bismuth covers Steven's mouth.
Bismuth says: "Shh!"
Pearl looks at Bismuth and Steven. They wave at each other.
Steven says: "Are you- trying to hide it from her?"
Bismuth says: "I just don't want to take her away from what she's got."
Bismuth says: "She's got her own thing going on."
Bismuth says: "She's like the Pearl I remember, but a little different."
Bismuth says: "She's happier."
Bismuth says: "I just wanted to catch up."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "When Connie and I were fighting to save the universe things were sort of easier."
Steven says: "We were fighting the same fight, now it's like we're living different lives."
Steven says: "I wonder if I'm even her best friend anymore."
Bismuth slams her arm on the edge of the rink.
Bismuth says: "How long has this been going on?"
Steven says: "Uh, a couple months."
Bismuth says: "Listen, Steven."
Bismuth says: "Pearl brought me here to set me up with her friends, but Connie came here to be with you."
Bismuth says: "You've got nothing to mope about."
Steven says: "But her friends think I'm weird."
Bismuth says: "Of course you're weird!"
Bismuth says: "You're a Crystal Gem!"
Bismuth says: "Connie knows that, she's always known that."
Bismuth says: "That never stopped you from being friends."
Steven says: "You're right."
Steven says: "Connie knows who I am, she's been my friend, she's still my friend!"
Bismuth says: "So, what do you want?"
Steven says: "To do friend stuff with Connie."
Bismuth says: "And what are you gonna do?"
Steven says: "Skate with Connie!"
Bismuth says: "Then go do it!"
Bismuth pushes Steven into the rink, and he skates towards Connie.
Steven says: "CONNIE!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven trips and faceplants into the ground.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven slides across the floor as everyone stares at him. Connie skates over to Steven and kneels down.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Connie, I'm sorry."
Steven says: "I don't wanna hold you back."
Connie says: "I don't mind."
Steven says: "You've got cram school, new friends."
Steven says: "You're going places, and I'm happy for you."
Steven says: "But I feel like you're drifting away from me."
Steven says: "I wish we could reconnect, but- I don't know how to skate!"
Connie says: "Skating is what you're worried about?"
Sour Cream says: "Alright, everybody."
Sour Cream says: "It's time for our nightly skate competition."
Sour Cream says: "Everyone show off your sickest moves, and be crowned "skater of the night!"
Connie says: "Come on."
Connie says: "I have an idea."
Connie offers Steven her hand, he takes it. A pink glow then comes out of their hands, and covers their arms, a white flash then appears as they fuse into Stevonnie.
Sour Cream says: "Lets get this party started."
Sour Cream plays "Can't Hold Me" by Emily King on his DJ booth. Everyone on the rink begins to skate around and shows off their moves. Stevonnie goes to the reception and returns Steven and Connie's skates, they then get a larger pair. Stevonnie skates over to the rink, and almost falls over, but manages to catch themselves. They skate into the rink, and zoom past everyone. Stevonnie then jumps over Bismuth and gives her a high-five. They continue to skate, spinning Pearl around. Stevonnie then jumps into the air, and does the splits while landing. The crowds cheers as the music stops.
Pearl says: "*claps* I know them!"
Sour Cream says: "I think we can agree who the winner is unless someone wants to follow that up."
The crowd shakes their heads.
Sour Cream says: "I guess that makes the winner by default, Stevonnie!"
Stevonnie picks up themself by their jacket, and unfuses. Steven and Connie laugh.
Steven says: "Connie, thanks."
Patricia and Daniel skate over to them.
Patricia says: "Steven, Connie!"
Patricia says: "That was amazing!"
Daniel says: "What the heck was that out there?"
Connie says: "Oh, fusion?"
Connie says: "Yeah, that's kinda our thing."
Steven says: "It's something I picked from my mom's side of the family."
Daniel says: "The only thing I get from my mom's side of the family is stressed out."
Steven says: "*laughs* Same."
Patricia says: "What was it like the first time you guys did that?"
Steven says: "Okay."
Sour Cream says: "Yo."
Sour Cream says: "Steven, Connie."
Sour Cream says: "Since ya'll won you guys get to pick the next song."
Steven says: "The next song?"
Steven looks at Bismuth and Pearl.
Steven says: "I know the perfect song!"
Steven says: "Come on, Connie."
Steven says: "Hey, Sour Cream."
Steven says: "I got a song for ya."
Sour Cream says: "This one goes out to Bismuth and Pearl from Steven and Connie."
Bismuth turns around and blushes. Steven winks as the commercial "Cam's Camshafts" comes on. Pearl happily skates over to Bismuth.
Pearl says: "Bismuth, it's my fav song!"
Bismuth laughs, and begins to sing along with the commercial song.
Bismuth says: "♫ Cam's Camshafts is the place to bring your wreck!"
Bismuth says: "Get your car repaired for cheap and fair without risking your neck!"
Pearl says: "♫ Cam's Camshafts!"
Pearl laughs and skates off with Bismuth as the commercial song ends.
Sour Cream says: "Lets spice this baby up!"
Sour Cream plays different music as Steven and Connie skate off as well, wrapping their arms around each other. Patricia and Daniel follow them. Khadijah grabs onto Bismuth's hand, followed by Jaime and Brandish. Steven and Connie laugh, ending the episode.
END.