Open Int. Beach House.
The episode opens without a title card. Steven is seen playing a difficult video game on his TV while the Gems cheer him on.
Pearl says: "Oh my goodness!"
Amethyst says: "Go for it, bro!"
Garnet says: "This is your last chance."
Steven says: "*sweating* No..."
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Jump..."
Steven says: "Jump..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven's character dies in-game.
Steven says: "Aww!"
Amethyst says: "Aww!"
 says: "Aww!"
Pearl says: "Aww!"
Steven says: "..."
Amethyst says: "..."
 says: "..."
Pearl says: "..."
Steven says: "Dying a bunch in video games is emotionally exhausting."
Steven says: "Huh?"
The Crystal Gems turn and look towards Lion, who is playing and chewing one of Steven's shirts.
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven runs down and tries to pull the shirt away from Lion's mouth.
Steven says: "Drop it!"
Steven successfully pulls the shirt from Lion and falls backwards on the ground.
Steven says: "Lion, you can't chew this up."
Steven says: "*looks at his shirt, reading "Thunder Bird - Always Remember"* How else am I going to remember the time I rode the Thunder Bird at Funland?"
Steven puts the shirt on his dresser, next to his Thunder Bird badge and Thunder Bird photo frame.
Steven says: "*walks back to his game console* Okay, I'm sure this time..."
Steven turns and sees Lion, who has climbed onto the dresser and grabbed Steven's shirt again.
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "Don't even think about it!"
Lion attempts to head for the door, but Steven jumps in to block his path. He then grabs the shirt and pulls it away from Lion again.
Steven says: "Since you can't play nice, I'm gonna have to put this where you can't get it: *teasing;y* In ya mane!"
Lion grumbles and begrudgingly lays down.
Steven says: "Thank you, boo."
Steven then dives into Lion's mane.
Trans. Int. Lion's Dimension.
Steven pops up from the pink grass savannah and walks towards the lone small island, holding Rose's possessions and a few of his own belongings. He then climbs onto the tree on the island and hangs his shirt on one of the branches.
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* There we go."
Steven says: "Now it'll be safe forever, hanging in this perfectly stable magic tree."
Suddenly, the tree branch Steven snaps apart, causing him to fall onto a bubbled gem inside the dimension. He then accidentally pops the bubble, freeing the gemstone inside. Steven screams with his mouth closed as he is bounced away from the island.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Amethyst is seen playing the video game as Garnet and Pearl cheers her on. Lion is also seen chewing on another one of Steven's shirts.
Garnet says: "Jump!"
Garnet says: "Jump!"
Amethyst says: "I am jumping!"
Steven propels out from Lion's mane and lands on his back. The Gems turn to look at him.
Steven says: "I've made a horrible mistake!"
Pearl says: "Wha!"
Pearl says: "?"
Amethyst turns back towards the TV, now displaying "GAME OVER".
Amethyst says: "Aw man."
Steven says: "Hold on, I can fix it!"
Trans. Int. Lion's Dimension.
Back inside the pocket dimension, Steven reaches for the gem in an attempt to bubble it again, when the gem levitates and begins to regenerate. Steven braces himself as a rainbow-haired gray Gem reforms and lands on her knees on the island. She stumbles back, seemingly in fright, and takes on a fighting stance. She then looks around and notices Steven, sitting in shock on the ground. The two stare at each other, as the title "Bismuth" and credits appear.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven falls backwards and exits Lion's mane. The Gems are gathered around Steven as he breaths heavily for air.
Steven says: "There's a Gem inside of Lion's mane!"
Pearl says: "A Gem?"
Garnet says: "Describe her."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "hang on a sec."
Steven dives back into the pocket dimension, peeking with only his head above the grass, and sees the gray Gem walking and looking around. She quickly spots Steven.
Bismuth says: "Hey, wait!"
Steven quickly ducks under the grass, pulling his head out of Lion's mane, and turns to the Gems.
Steven says: "She's big!"
Steven returns into the pocket dimension, spotting the gray Gem directly in front of him.
Bismuth says: "Huh?"
Bismuth says: "Hey!"
Bismuth says: "Don't go!"
Steven pulls his head out of Lion's mane again.
Steven says: "With rainbow hair and tattoos!"
Pearl says: "Rainbow hair..."
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "*looks at Garnet with great concerns* What does her gem look like?"
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "an innie?"
Pearl says: "It can't be..."
Amethyst says: "Can't be what?"
Garnet says: "Steven, bring her out."
Steven says: "*determinedly* Okay."
Steven heads back into the pocket dimension and begins looking around for the gray Gem. He cannon seem to find her, until she pops in directly in front of Steven.
Bismuth says: "Hey, little friend!"
Steven screams with his mouth closed and backs away a bit.
Bismuth says: "No, don't go!"
Bismuth says: "I believe I'm lost."
Bismuth says: "And there's no one here but us, so how about a little help?"
Steven sticks out his hand and offers it to the gray Gem. He then proceeds to pull the gray Gem out of Lion's mane, who reacts in shock at the sight of the Gem. The gray Gem looks towards the Gems, with Garnet staring with a slack-jawed expression of disbelief and Pearl covering her mouth with tears in her eyes.
Amethyst says: "Wow, a total stranger."
Garnet dispels her visor, revealing eyes of disbelief.
Bismuth says: "Pearl..."
Bismuth says: "Garnet..."
Pearl says: "BISSS-MUUUTH!"
Pearl says: "*runs and hugs the Gem, overjoyed* Ahahahaha!"
Pearl says: "You're back!"
Steven and Lion look at each other in confusion.
Bismuth says: "Woah!"
Bismuth says: "*lightly tosses Pearl in the air and catches her* Hehehehe!"
Bismuth says: "The Pearl I know never jumps into my arms!"
Bismuth says: "Hey, did somebody lose a Pearl?"
Bismuth says: "Who do you belong to?"
Pearl says: "Nobody!"
Bismuth says: "Ha-HA!"
Garnet says: "Alright, alright, settle down."
Bismuth says: "Oh, you're one to talk, oh, oh, excuse me, you're two to talk."
Garnet scoffs, casually summons her gauntlet and punches Bismuth playfully in the arm.
Bismuth says: "Hey, cool it, your Ruby is showing."
Amethyst shuffles towards Steven and Lion, joining them in looking very confused.
Pearl says: "Where have you been?"
Pearl says: "We thought you'd been captured!"
Pearl says: "Or worse, shattered."
Bismuth says: "Shatter me?"
Bismuth says: "Pshh, Homeworld couldn't lay a scratch on this Gem."
Amethyst says: "Ahem."
Amethyst says: "Who is this?"
Garnet smiles and leans on Bismuth's shoulder.
Garnet says: "Guys, this is Bismuth."
Garnet says: "She's one of the original Crystal Gems."
Bismuth says: "Oh, hey!"
Bismuth says: "New recruits!"
Bismuth says: "Welcome aboard, we could always use more Amethysts."
Bismuth says: "And who's this meatball?"
Steven says: "Hi, I'm Steven!"
Steven says: "Y-You were in my lion and now you're in my house."
Bismuth says: "*leans down to shake Steven's hand* Well, thanks for having me!"
Pearl says: "I can't believe it!"
Pearl says: "Rose said she lost track of you at the battle for the Ziggurat!"
Pearl says: "She was worried sick!"
Bismuth's smile suddenly turns into an expression of worry, and begins looking around the house.
Bismuth says: "Wait!"
Bismuth says: "Where is Rose?"
Steven says: "Hi, um..."
Steven says: "actually, I'm Rose's son."
Steven says: "She kinda turned into me..."
Steven says: "well, I have her gem, the rest is from my dad."
Bismuth says: "Ohh..."
Bismuth says: "There she is."
Bismuth says: "You..."
Bismuth says: "do you know me?"
Steven says: "No, I'm so sorry."
Pearl says: "It's not always easy to understand Rose's choices..."
Pearl says: "But we have to stand behind them."
Bismuth says: "Rose really is something else."
Steven looks at Bismuth, not knowing what to say.
Bismuth says: "I mean..."
Bismuth says: "Look at this!"
Bismuth says: "She really is somethin' else!"
Bismuth puts her hand on Garnet's shoulder and starts laughing.
Bismuth says: "Wow!"
Bismuth says: "Everythin's changin'!"
Bismuth says: "And we're buildin' bases out of wood now?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "*tears a piece of wood from the floor* Hmph!"
Bismuth says: "Whose terrible idea was this?"
Bismuth says: "And where is everybody else?"
Steven says: "Everybody else?"
Bismuth says: "Yeah, the rest of the Crystal Gems!"
Bismuth says: "Old Crazy Lace, Biggs, Snowflake?"
Steven and the Gems exchange worried looks.
Trans. Gem Battlefield.
The Crystal Gems warp with Bismuth to the Gem Battlefield, which is now overrun with strawberry bushes.
Bismuth says: "*gasps* No- No way!"
Bismuth says: "We were just here!"
Bismuth says: "How long was I out?"
Pearl says: "*walks up to Bismuth* It's been about 5,300 years."
Pearl says: "We, the Crystal Gems, were able to save the Earth..."
Bismuth says: "But we're all that's left of The Rebellion, huh?"
Pearl begins to cry and nods.
Bismuth says: "*starts crying too* Oh, come on Pearl."
Bismuth says: "You know I can't take it when you cry like that!"
Pearl says: "*sniffles* I'm sorry."
Bismuth says: "No, no need to apologize."
Garnet says: "*joins Bismuth's side* Homeworld's final attack on Earth wiped out all of the Crystal Gems."
Pearl says: "Rose was able to protect Garnet and myself and by the looks of it, she was able to protect you as well."
Bismuth says: "*grunts and pulls a battle axe off the ground* I knew those Homeworld elites were twisted."
Bismuth says: "How many of us did they shatter?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Crazy Lace?"
Bismuth says: "Biggs?"
Bismuth says: "..."
Bismuth says: "Snowflake?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "If I was there, I- I could've stopped it!"
Garnet says: "It's not like they've stopped trying."
Bismuth says: "What's that?"
Garnet says: "Homeworld still has its eyes on this planet."
Pearl says: "We continue to thwart their plans over and over."
Steven says: "*runs in with Amethyst* But they just keep coming back!"
Amethyst says: "Yup."
Amethyst says: "They want us bad."
Bismuth says: "Good."
Bismuth says: "I thought I wouldn't get another chance to show those uppercrusts who's boss!"
Bismuth says: "Let's show 'em what happens when you mess with the Crystal Gems!"
Bismuth growls in fury as she swings the battle axe at a strawberry bush, smashing the strawberries.
Steven says: "*determinedly* Yeah!"
Garnet says: "Bismuth, the Gems on Homeworld outnumber us by a huge amount."
Pearl says: "And their technology far surpasses anything we have available on Earth."
Bismuth says: "*laughs and wraps both her arms around Garnet and Pearl* What else is new?"
Bismuth says: "Garnet, remember when you and I took on a battalion of Quartz soldiers?"
Bismuth says: "We walked out with our stones shining brighter than when we walked in."
Garnet says: "*adjusts her visor* As I recall, it was three battalions."
Bismuth says: "And, Pearl, remember when we stopped that drop ship?"
Bismuth says: "I'll never forget the look on that Nephrite's face when you pulled her out of the cockpit!"
Pearl says: "*chuckles* I know."
Pearl says: "How embarrassing for her."
Bismuth says: "Ha-HA!"
Bismuth says: "So let's pick up where we left off!"
Bismuth says: "To the foooorge!!"
Steven says: "Yay!"
Steven says: "*runs up and hugs Garnet's leg* To the forge!"
Amethyst says: "Yo, what's a forge?"
Trans. Ext. The Forge.
The Crystal Gems warp to a Warp Pad located outside of an active volcano.
Bismuth says: "That brings back memories, huh?"
Steven says: "Is this the forge?"
Bismuth says: "*chuckles* Not yet."
Bismuth says: "Follow me."
The group begins walking around the volcano, with smokes emanating from the ground below.
Steven says: "Is this the forge?"
Amethyst says: "Ugh."
Amethyst says: "Don't ask me."
Amethyst says: "I've never been here before."
Pearl says: "Well, since Bismuth was gone, we've had no reason to come back here."
Bismuth says: "Let's just say this place ain't the same without me."
Steven says: "What does that mean?"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "*clings onto Amethyst's arm excitedly* What do think you that means?"
Amethyst says: "I don't know, dude."
Amethyst says: "I've never even seen this Gem before today."
Bismuth says: "We took a huge blow from Homeworld."
Bismuth says: "But, now, we're back in Bismuth."
Steven says: "*laughs* She's got jokes!"
The group eventually arrive in front of a stone slab in the face of the volcano.
Steven says: "Is this the forge?"
Pearl says: "Not quite."
Bismuth stands in front of the slab and her gem begins to glow. The ground starts to rumble as several doors open up in the slab, creating a tunnel into the volcano.
Bismuth says: "Ta-da!"
Amethyst says: "Wow."
Steven says: "Now, that's an entrance."
Pearl says: "*claps* Bravo, Bismuth!"
The group walks through the tunnel and enter a dark room.
Pearl says: "Aaaah!"
Pearl says: "Bismuth!"
Steven says: "*notices a giant sword hanging overhead* Whoa!"
Pearl says: "It's just like I remember it."
Steven says: "*sweating* It feels like an oven in here."
Bismuth says: "You think it's hot now?"
Steven says: "Yeah, like an oven."
Bismuth says: "*laughs* Well, it's about to get waaaay hotter!"
Bismuth shapeshifted her hand into a hammer and slams on a pedestal in the room. The pedestal sinks into the ground and lava begins to flow like a waterfall through an opening, dousing Bismuth in it and illuminating the forge.
Steven says: "Ah, cool!"
Bismuth says: "Ooh."
Bismuth says: "*emerges out of the lavafall* Hah!"
Bismuth says: "Nothing like a hot lava bath to get into a working mood."
Bismuth begins gathering a handful of dust from three barrel, as Steven watches curiously.
Steven says: "Uh, what, exactly, do you do here?"
Bismuth says: "Homeworld used us Bismuths to erect spires and temples for the Gem elites to enjoy."
Bismuth dunks her handful of dust into the lavafall for a brief moment before pulling it out.
Bismuth says: "But Rose taught me that my life was my own."
Bismuth walks over to an anvil in the middle of the forge, drops a heated metal ingot onto the anvil, and shapeshifts her hand into a hammer.
Bismuth says: "That I could choose to do whatever I wanted."
Bismuth begins pounding on the ingot on the anvil with her hammer hands.
Bismuth says: "So I chose this."
Bismuth then dips the pounded ingot into lava, pulls it out and blows away the flames on it, revealing the finished product.
Steven says: "Bismuth.."
Steven says: "You make..."
Steven says: "weapons?!"
Steven says: "!"
Bismuth says: "*hoists the newly-made sword over her shoulder* That's right!"
Bismuth says: "I outfitted the entire Rebellion."
Bismuth says: "Every material weapon used by the Crystal Gems was made right here in this forge."
Bismuth says: "Wait."
Bismuth says: "Is it still here?"
Bismuth says: "*runs over to a chest in the room and opens it* Aha!"
Bismuth says: "Yes!"
Bismuth says: "Here, something to pack a little extra punch."
Bismuth throws a pair of brass knuckles to Garnet, who quickly summons her gauntlets and attaches the knuckles onto them.
Bismuth says: "And why don't you try a trident?"
Bismuth throws an forked attachment to Pearl, who then attaches it to her spear, turning it into a trident.
Pearl says: "Oh, Bismuth, you shouldn't have."
Bismuth says: "It's no big deal."
Bismuth says: "I was working on them since before- *looks down for a moment* Well, may as well give them to you now."
Garnet says: "It was worth the wait."
Bismuth says: "Hey, it's a pleasure doing Bismuth with you."
Steven says: "*laughs* Bismuth is so funny."
Amethyst says: "I don't know."
Amethyst says: "Same joke twice?"
Steven says: "Well, it'll be really funny if she does it a third time."
Amethyst says: "Right."
Amethyst says: "Sorry, I- I don't know."
Amethyst says: "I mean, she's one of the original Crystal Gems and no one ever mentioned her to me, not even Rose?"
Amethyst says: "Don't you think that's a little bit, uh..."
Amethyst says: "suspicious?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "guess that is a little..."
Steven says: "strange."
Bismuth says: "Hey, deep cut."
Bismuth says: "Don't think I forgot about you."
Bismuth says: "What you packin'?"
Amethyst says: "Oh, this old thing?"
Bismuth says: "*walks up to Amethyst* Oh, wow."
Amethyst says: "What is it?"
Bismuth says: "Well..."
Bismuth says: "Not every Quartz can make a whip like this."
Bismuth says: "You mind if I take a look?"
Amethyst says: "Knock yourself out."
Bismuth says: "Hold on!"
Bismuth says: "I've got an idea."
Bismuth walks away and return momentarily with Amethyst's whip.
Bismuth says: "Here."
Bismuth says: "With this, you can really do some damage."
Amethyst retrieved her whip from Bismuth and realizes it has been upgraded with spiked flails. Steven reacts with shock, while Amethyst gasps in awe.
Amethyst says: "Aww yeah, baby."
Amethyst says: "*begins lashing her flails around* Bismuth's the best!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Back home, Bismuth prepare to spar with the Gems to test out their upgraded weapons, while Steven watches nearby.
Bismuth says: "Homeworld treats us like dirt because we don't shine like the elites."
Bismuth says: "But the Crystal Gems are back, and we'll give those Diamonds another taste of what's coming!"
Bismuth says: "*shapeshifts her arms into hammers* Now, show me what you got, soldiers!"
Garnet says: "Huh!"
Garnet instantly charges towards Bismuth, who easily parries her knuckled gauntlets.
Bismuth says: "I think the power couple's losin' their spark!"
Bismuth trips Garnet and knocks her flying into the sand behind her. Steven gasps in shock while sipping on a soda.
Bismuth says: "Who's next?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Pearl says: "Haaaa!"
Pearl then dives from the sky above towards Bismuth, who quickly catches her with her hammer hand.
Bismuth says: "Pearl, I don't recall asking you to bring me a spear."
Bismuth says: "Uhh!"
Bismuth launches Pearl back into the air.
Pearl says: "You won't like how I give it to you."
Pearl begins firing energy blasts at Bismuth with her trident.
Bismuth says: "Ah!"
Bismuth says: "*keeps sidestepping to avoid the blasts* Lasers?"
Bismuth says: "When did that happen?"
Bismuth says: "Wha..."
Bismuth says: "?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Amethyst suddenly wraps her flails around Bismuth's leg.
Amethyst says: "Haha!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Purple Puma* I'm gonna wreck your BISmuth!"
Amethyst then swings Bismuth up into the air with her flails and slams her into the sand.
Bismuth says: "*laughs and gets up* Very creative."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, *shapeshifts back to normal* I guess I am pretty great."
Bismuth says: "That's right!"
Bismuth says: "*continues to spar with the Gems* We are powerful!"
Bismuth says: "We are important!"
Bismuth says: "We!"
Bismuth says: "are!"
Bismuth says: "the Crystal Geeeeems!!"
Bismuth smashes a rock into pieces with her hammer hands, as Steven grows increasingly uneasy.
Bismuth says: "Steven, come down and show me what you're made of!"
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Steven says: "I would, but this is a little intense for me."
Bismuth says: "*shapeshifts her hands back to normal* But it's a ritual for us Crystal Gems to spar before battle."
Steven says: "Well, actually, I have some rituals I like a little better."
Bismuth says: "Oh, yeah?"
Bismuth says: "Let me see 'em."
Time-Skip.
The Crystal Gems begin playing badminton on the beach. Bismuth then jumps in, shapeshifts her hand into a racket, and slams the shuttlecock in front of Pearl and Steven, leaving a crater in the sand.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems begins playing cards next. Amethyst spies on Steven's cards by shapeshifting, when Garnet reveals her hand and wins the game. Amethyst groans and falls backwards in defeat, while Bismuth laughs heartily.
Trans. Kitchen.
Bismuth watches Steven, as he flattens dough with a rolling pin, and shapeshifts her hand into a rolling pin too. She then helps Steven pull a pair of pizza out of the oven, as Amethyst hogs one all to herself and adds more food items onto it.
Trans. Steven's Room.
The Crystal Gems then watch a Lonely Blade movie on Steven's TV, while Amethyst, Bismuth and Steven eat their pizza.
Lonely Blade TV.
The powerful, legendary demon blade, possessed by Muramasa. With this demon blade, I will be the most powerful fighter in all the world!
Steven says: "No, Lonely Blade!"
Steven says: "Don't use it!"
Bismuth says: "What?"
Bismuth says: "If that thing's got infinite power, then, of course Lonely Blade should use it."
Bismuth says: "It just makes sense."
Pearl says: "It doesn't have to make sense."
Pearl says: "It's entertainment."
Lonely Blade TV.
Infinite... Poweeeeer!!
Time-Skip - Night-time.
Steven speaks to Bismuth as he prepares for bed for the night.
Steven says: "Bismuth, you can chill out here tonight and..."
Steven says: "sleep, if you want to."
Bismuth says: "You know what?"
Bismuth says: "I think I'll give it a try."
Bismuth says: "I like these new Crystal Gem rituals."
Steven says: "*chuckles* You know, usually, when I meet a new Gem, they try and kill me and it takes me forever to become friends with them."
Steven says: "I guess I mean, I'm really glad you're here."
Bismuth says: "Me, too."
Bismuth says: "Glad to have another chance."
Bismuth says: "So, tomorrow, you gonna show me what you got on the battlefield?"
Steven says: "Oh, I mean, I-I would, but, most of my weapons are for defense."
Steven says: "*summons his shield* Oh, except for one."
Steven pulls out Rose's sword out of Lion's mane, and Bismuth gasps in awe.
Bismuth says: "Rose's sword."
Bismuth says: "My finest piece of work."
Steven says: "You made this?"
Bismuth says: "You really don't remember, huh?"
Bismuth says: "*takes the sword* Rose Quartz changed my life."
Bismuth says: "I came to Earth thinking this was just another colony."
Bismuth says: "Build another arena for important fighters to fight in."
Bismuth says: "Build another spire for important thinkers to think in."
Bismuth says: "And then, I met her."
Bismuth says: "Just another Quartz soldier, made right here in the dirt, but she was different."
Bismuth says: "And she was different because she decided to be."
Bismuth says: "And she asked me what I wanted to build, and I'd never heard that before."
Bismuth says: "And Gems never hear they can be anything other than what they are, but Rose opened our eyes."
Steven says: "Everybody always tells me how great Mom was."
Steven says: "I just don't feel like I can ever measure up to her."
Bismuth says: "I can't believe this, that I'm the one giving the pep talk to Rose's..."
Bismuth says: "Rose's..."
Bismuth says: "?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Son."
Bismuth says: "Right."
Bismuth says: "You are different."
Bismuth says: "That's what's so exciting."
Bismuth says: "You don't have to be like Rose Quartz."
Bismuth says: "You can be someone even better."
Bismuth says: "You can be you."
Bismuth says: "And you know what?"
Bismuth says: "You deserve an even better weapon."
Trans. The Forge.
Bismuth brings Steven alone to her forge.
Bismuth says: "I designed this sword for a fair fight."
Bismuth says: "*inspects Rose's sword* It can cut through a Gem's physical form in an instant!"
Bismuth says: "Destroying the body, but never the Gem."
Steven says: "Cool..."
Steven says: "!"
Bismuth says: "But..."
Bismuth says: "Homeworld doesn't fight fair."
Bismuth says: "That's why we need a different strategy."
Steven says: "Ohh."
Steven says: "Whoa."
Bismuth shapeshifts her hand into a screwdriver and turns a giant screw on the floor, causing a panel to lower her and Steven into a room at the lower floor.
Bismuth says: "I was working on a weapon that would've been a gamechanger."
Bismuth says: "Homeworld knows how to hit us where it counts, but we can do everything they can do, and better."
Bismuth says: "Here it is: the weapon that would've won the war."
Bismuth brandishes a weapon, similar to a pile bunker, in her arm.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "What is it?"
Bismuth says: "I call it, a Breaking Point."
Steven says: "Cool!"
Steven says: "What does it do?"
Bismuth says: "Just watch."
Bismuth says: "Hah!"
Bismuth stomps on a panel, and lava forms from openings into statue molds around the room. The lava quickly cools, and Gem-like statue emerges from the molds.
Bismuth says: "Listen up, you Homeworld upper crusts!"
Bismuth says: "We!"
Bismuth says: "are!"
Bismuth says: "the Crystal Gems!!"
Bismuth says: "Unh!"
Bismuth points the Breaking Point at a statue and the weapon jabs right through it, causing the statue to instantly burst apart, to Steven's horror.
Bismuth says: "So, what do you think?"
Steven says: "Y-You shattered it."
Bismuth says: "That's right!"
Bismuth says: "One shot from this baby will shatter any Gem in the galaxy, in the blink of an eye."
Steven says: "Shattering a Gem..."
Steven says: "would destroy them forever."
Bismuth says: "Exactly!"
Bismuth says: "The Homeworld Gems won't be able to retake this planet when they're reduced to shards."
Bismuth says: "There."
Bismuth says: "Now, you look like you really mean Bismuth!"
Bismuth equips the Breaking Point onto Steven's arm, and Steven looks at it in total horror.
Bismuth says: "Now, that's a real weapon."
Bismuth says: "Why don't you give it a test run?"
Bismuth says: "This one's got your name on it."
Bismuth directs Steven to a statue and he approaches it.
Bismuth says: "Wait, let me get out of your way."
Bismuth says: "Whoop!"
Steven begins to point the Breaking Point at the statue. However, he is unwilling to activate it, as a bead of tear form in his eye.
Steven says: "Ah..."
Steven says: "Bismuth, I can't use this."
Bismuth says: "What!"
Bismuth says: "?"
Bismuth says: "Why not?"
Steven says: "Sh-Shattering Gems..."
Steven says: "wouldn't that make us the same as Homeworld?"
Bismuth says: "Of course not!"
Bismuth says: "We'd be shattering them for the sake of our cause, to protect our allies, our friends; to free all Gems from Homeworld's tyranny!"
Steven says: "It's just, it..."
Steven says: "It's not what a Crystal Gem would do..."
Bismuth says: "*approaches Steven, slightly irritated* Don't tell me what a Crystal Gem would do."
Bismuth says: "Nobody's more "Crystal Gem" than I am."
Bismuth says: "If you won't take it, I'll just use it myself."
Steven says: "NO!"
Steven says: "No one is using it!"
Steven says: "*takes off the weapon and throws it away* I'm sorry, Bismuth, but it's not right."
Bismuth says: "..."
Bismuth says: "That's exactly what she said..."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Bismuth says: "That's exactly what you said."
Steven says: "Um, uhh..."
Bismuth says: "It is you, isn't it, Rose?"
Steven says: "Wh-Wha-What are you talking about?!"
Steven says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Don't lie to me!"
Bismuth says: "You can't expect me to believe you now, after you lied about everything!"
Bismuth says: "?"
Bismuth says: "You're lying about this new form, just like you lied to the others about ME!!"
Bismuth says: "*grabs Steven's shirt and lifts him up* But I didn't just disappear, did I?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "You know what happened to me!!"
Steven quickly creates his bubble shield and escapes from Bismuth's grasp.
Steven says: "Wait, Bismuth!"
Steven says: "This is just a big misunderstanding!"
Bismuth says: "Liar!"
Bismuth says: "Don't play games with me, Rose."
Bismuth says: "We were right here."
Bismuth says: "I offered you the secret to victory, and you refused."
Bismuth says: "The Breaking Point would've changed everything."
Bismuth says: "*shapeshifts her hand into a hammer* I didn't want to fight you, but you left me no choice!"
Bismuth tries to smash Steven, but he dodges out of the way. He then runs away and hides behind a Gem statue.
Bismuth says: "What type of leader doesn't give her army the best chance to win?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth shapeshifts her hammer hand into a blade and slice at the statue Steven is hiding behind, which he ducks under to avoid. Bismuth then jumps in and stomps on the statue, knocking Steven backwards.
Bismuth says: "How could you value the Gems of our enemies more than our own?"
Bismuth says: "And look what you've done without me, without the Breaking Point!"
Bismuth begin attacking Steven with her blade hand, who summons his shield to block her attacks.
Bismuth says: "You've..."
Bismuth says: "LOST!!"
One of Bismuth's blows destroys Steven's shield, knocking him back onto the ground.
Steven says: "W-Wait!"
Steven says: "I'm not my mom!"
Steven says: "I don't know what she did, but, I'm sure she didn't want to hurt you."
Bismuth says: "It's too late."
Bismuth says: "I don't believe you anymore!"
Bismuth approaches Steven menacingly. He then quickly creates a spiked bubble shield, forcing Bismuth to jump away.
Bismuth says: "All that talk about how Gems could take control of their own identities, how we'd been convinced to ignore our own potential?"
Steven's bubble fades away, with the exhausted Steven falling onto his knees, feeling the heat of the floor.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Hot!"
Bismuth says: "That's all it was, wasn't it?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Just talk!!"
Bismuth shapeshifts her hammer hand once again, smashing a Gem statue, and then front-flips over to smash Steven. Steven quickly jumps away and floats in the air, when his left flip-flop falls off his foot and into the lava, raising Steven's fear.
Bismuth says: "You should've listened to me, Rose!"
Bismuth says: "I would've taken the war to Homeworld and shatter the Diamonds!"
Bismuth says: "I would've liberated..."
Bismuth says: "everyone!"
Bismuth grabs one of the statues and throws it at Steven, pinning him into the wall in a crater. Bismuth then walks away and retrieves up the Breaking Point. A severely injured Steven picks up the statue that was thrown at him and jumps off the wall.
Steven says: "Unh!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Errggghhhh, Bismuth, watch!"
Steven says: "out!!"
Steven hurls the statue at Bismuth, which shatters on impact, severely injuring her as well.
Bismuth says: "Ugghhh..."
The Breaking Point falls out of Bismuth's hands, rolling towards Steven, and he picks it up, hopping on one foot towards her.
Steven says: "Bismuth, this has to stop."
Bismuth says: "So what are you gonna do, shatter me?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth holds onto the Breaking Point, while still in Steven's hands, and aims it at her gem.
Bismuth says: "Go ahead!"
Bismuth says: "Just DO IT!!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "*tears up* Even if we don't agree, nobody deserves this..."
Steven says: "!"
Even more enraged, Bismuth yanks the Breaking Point out of Steven's hands, causing him to stumble backwards into his mom's sword on the ground. Bismuth then charges at Steven with the Breaking Point, Steven draws his mom's sword in panic, and the two weapons clash. Steven slowly opens his eyes to find that he is standing up with his bare foot touching the hot floor, with smoking emanating from it. Smoke emanates from the Breaking Point too, as Bismuth has missed Steven with her weapon, and Steven's sword is impaled into her torso. The two stare at each other in disbelief for a brief moment.
Bismuth says: "..."
Bismuth says: "You should've shattered me back then..."
Bismuth says: "At least if I were in pieces, I wouldn't have to know how little I mattered to you..."
Bismuth says: "You didn't even tell 'em..."
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "You bubbled me away and didn't ever tell your friends..."
Bismuth says: "My friends..."
Steven says: "*tears up* I'm going to tell them!"
Steven says: "I'm gonna tell them everything."
Bismuth says: "*surprised* Heheheheh..."
Bismuth says: "Then you really are better than her."
A tear rolls down Bismuth's cheek before she poofs away, dropping the Breaking Point along with her gem. Steven bubbles Bismuth's gem, and then stares at the Breaking Point. He then throws the weapon into the lava, and it is presumably destroyed.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven warps back into the house, while the Gems are doing their own activities.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, hey, dude."
The Gems quickly notice Steven's injuries, as he limps forward, and run up to him, noticing Bismuth's gem in his bubble.
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Amethyst says: "What?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "There's something I need to tell you."
Trans. Int. The Burning Room.
The Crystal Gems mourn the loss of Bismuth, as Garnet floats her bubbled gem into the Burning Room, to join the other bubbled Corrupted Gems in captivity.
Trans.Ext. Beach House.
Steven stands outside on the pouch, staring out to sea. The Gems then walk up to him and comfort him. All of them look up at the starry night sky, as the episode ends.
END.