Open Outer Space.
Steven slowly opens his eyes with a ringing in his eyes. As he regains consciousness, he sees the Homeworld Rubies scattering in the distance.
Steven says: "The Rubies?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven soon finds himself inside his bubble shield twirling and floating through space at a drastically fast speed.
Steven says: "Oh, geez!"
Steven says: "AAAHH!"
Steven's bubble collides with "Eyeball", which slows him down.
You!
Steven says: ""Eyeball"!"
Steven says: "There goes the Earth..."
There goes my whole platoon! *growls at Steven* This is a mess! *starts pacing around the bubble* What'll I say in my report? How will I even make my report? This is a nightmare! *stops and glares at Steven* And this is all your fault!
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Hey, no, it's not!"
Steven says: "You were trying to hurt my friends!"
But you opened the airlock in the moon base! You sent us flying into space, with no hope of ever returning!
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Okay, so maybe that was my fault."
Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "There, are you happy?"
No. You're lucky you're in that bubble, or I'd pop you right in the face.
Steven says: "Well, if you're going to be a grump about it, then we can just float in silence until we both die!"
Steven says: "Fine!"
I can't wait!
Steven says: "Me, neither!"
The two of them continue to float through space in silence. Steven then takes his phone out of his pocket in boredom.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "No signal?"
Steven says: "Come on, I'm right by a satellite!"
A satellite beeps as it flies by.
Steven says: "If I don't die out here, first thing I do back on Earth is change my phone plan."
When I heard rumors there might still be Crystal Gems on Earth, I couldn't believe it. A thousand years of fighting were all for nothing! And Rose Quartz might still be alive? She must be! *rolls on her side* Why else would someone as important as Jasper be back on Earth? For closure, that's why. I wanted it, too. I wanted to see Rose Quartz with my own eye. At the very least, I thought Jasper might have some answers, but... It wasn't even her; just another trick.
Steven says: "That's what you really wanted?"
Steven says: "To see Rose Quartz?"
Steven says: "Well, then today's your lucky day."
How's that?
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "know where Rose Quartz is."
What? Where is she?!
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "She turned into me."
Right. And I have two eyeballs, which I don't! You expect me to believe anything, don't you? Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me four times, you already fooled me, and you can't fool me again.
Steven says: "Look, I can prove it!"
Steven says: "*lifts up his shirt to revealing his gem* I have her Rose Quartz gem!"
That's more of a pinkish-red than a real Rose Quartz reddish-pink.
Steven says: "That's because you're looking at it through my bubble!"
Steven says: "Hold on..."
Steven says: "Here, check this out!"
Steven says: "*summons his shield* Look, I can summon her shield!"
Steven says: "It's got a rose on it and everything!"
Who cares about her shield? Her huge sword is what I remember.
Steven says: "Uh, I left that in my Lion."
Steven takes out his phone, swims up to "Eyeball" and presses his phone against his bubble.
Steven says: "Look."
Steven says: "Tell me you don't see the resemblance."
Steven shows "Eyeball" a picture of Rose, as he puckers his lips and strikes a pose.
Are you kidding me? You're despicable. We're gonna die out here, and you're just gonna make fun of me until we do! *sighs and turns away from Steven* You're even crueler than Rose Quartz...
Steven looks at the picture on his phone, saddened, when a small piece of asteroid collides with the bubble.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Another small asteroid collides with the bubble.
Steven says: "*puts his phone away* Uh, "Eyeball"?"
A group of small asteroids then hits the bubble.
Steven says: ""Eyeball"?!"
Steven says: "!"
Oh, great! Asteroids incoming! Find cover, soldier! *ducks and covers her head*.
Steven says: "I am in cover, you get somewhere safe!"
Grunting.
Steven says: "Wow!"
I think I'm losing my luster.
The bubble collides into a ramp-like asteroid and begins bouncing between multiple other asteroids. Steven and "Eyeball" scream as they bounce towards a large asteroid.
We're heading right for that big one!
Steven says: "Nooo!!"
Steven says: "Oh?"
The large asteroid flips around, revealing to be ring-shaped, and the bubble passes through it smoothly.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "*sighs in relief* We made it!"
Steven and "Eyeball" start laughing together.
An asteroid suddenly hits "Eyeball" right in the gem, causing her to drift off the bubble and float away.
Steven says: "*gasps* "Eyeball"!"
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I've..."
Steven says: "got you!"
Steven reaches out his hand and his bubbles stretches out to encase "Eyeball" in another bubble. Steven then pulls the bubble towards him, merging the two bubbles together and catching "Eyeball" safely in his arm.
Steven says: "Oh, geez!"
Steven says: "You okay?"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "What's wrong?"
Steven says: "Ay-yi-yi!"
Steven says: "Your gem is cracked!"
What?! This is just perfect!
Steven says: "Don't worry, I can fix your gem!"
I'm not falling for any of your tr-i-i-i-i-i-icks!
Oh... *holding her stomach in nausea* Bleh...
Steven grabs "Eyeball"'s shoulders.
Hmm?
Steven says: "I'm serious, I can help."
Fine. I guess I got nothing else to lose.
Steven says: "*Sighs* Thank you."
Steven puckers his lips and begins inching towards "Eyeball", looking rather uncomfortable. He then sticks out his tongue and licks her gem, when "Eyeball" grips his cheeks and pushes him away in annoyance.
WHAT was THAT supposed to be?! What in the cosmos is wrong with... you?
Steven says: "*shakes his head* See?"
Steven says: "It worked!"
I... I can't believe it! There were rumors back during the war, that Rose Quartz could heal her Crystal Gem soldiers, keeping her small army in contention with the superior forces of Homeworld. Wow! It really is you! Rose Quartz!
Steven says: "See?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "That's what I was trying to tell ya!"
Steven says: "Yup, it's me: the mighty Rose Quartz!"
Steven says: "How'd we get ourselves into this mess?"
The mighty Rose Quartz...
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* Huh?"
I never thought I'd get a chance like this. I can't believe you're all mine!
Steven says: "Why are you attacking me?!"
Steven says: "!"
Don't act surprised, Rose Quartz! You shattered a Diamond!
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Ooh, I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna take your gem and bring it back!
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Please don't take my gem!"
Steven says: "Wait, what would even happen to me?"
Steven stops running to think, and "Eyeball" bumps into him. "Eyeball" has Steven pinned down, with her chisel knife floating right above them.
Ha!
Steven says: "W-Wait!"
Steven says: "You don't have to do this!"
Steven says: "Wah?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Please listen!"
Steven says: "I'm really not my mom!"
Steven says: "I don't want to hurt you!"
Steven says: "Just- Just think for a second."
Steven says: "We're lost out in space."
Steven says: "How are you going to get back to Homeworld alone?"
I've already made up my mind!
Steven resummons his bubble around him and gasps for air. He breathes heavily as he watches "Eyeball" drift away in distance. Steven then curls up in dread and his bubble shrinks around him, as he floats away, helplessly alone in space...
Time Skip.
A Roaming Eye appears and shines a beam of light on a curled-up Steven in his bubble. A diamond-shaped opening appears on the ship and Steven gets pulled inside. "Love Like You" begins to play in the background as Steven regains consciousness, discovering he has been rescued by the Crystal Gems. Everyone starts crying in joy and relief, and they embrace one another. Pearl pilots the ship as the ship makes its way back to Earth. Steven sits in the captain's chair, staring out to space, while Garnet stands beside him.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "How come nobody told me about Pink Diamond?"
Garnet says: "We all did what we had to during the war."
Garnet says: "Everything's different now."
Steven says: "But did Mom really do it?"
Steven says: "Did she really..."
Steven says: "shatter her?"
Garnet says: "She had to."
Garnet says: "The Earth belonged to Pink Diamond."
Garnet says: "Destroying her was the only way to save the planet."
Garnet says: "For Amethyst to be herself, for Pearl to be free, for me to be together."
Garnet says: "For you to exist."
Steven says: "But I thought..."
Steven says: "A-At least she'd never..."
Garnet says: "She didn't always do what was best for her."
Garnet says: "But she always did what was best for Earth."
Steven says: "Even if it meant shattering someone..."
Garnet says: "Yes."
Steven says: "*sighs deeply*..."
Steven says: "Thanks for telling me."
The Earth then comes into view, and the star iris closes on the Roaming Eye as it heads towards the planet.
END.