Open Ext. Beach House.
Steven leaves the house with his bicycle, pushing it down the stairs. A roaring noise is heard, rumbling the place, which startled Steven as he lets go of his bike. The bicycle begins to tumble down the stairs.
Steven says: "Oh!"
The camera shifts towards Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst, walking towards the direction of the beach house.
Pearl says: "I don't think they are earthquakes, they're too frequent!"
Steven's bike collapses in front of the Gems. Steven catches up to it and picks it up.
Amethyst says: "Hey look!"
Amethyst says: "Steven's got a bike!"
Amethyst says: "Where ya goin', Steven?"
Steven says: "Just out for a ride."
Pearl says: "In the sand?"
Steven says: "Yup!"
Steven struggles to ride his bike in the sand. He looks up and sees a dark-skinned girl nearby, reading a book on the sand. He then paddles his bike past her and parks it.
Steven says: "Some smooth ride..."
Steven says: "*turns to look at the girl, engrossed in her book* Five speeds..."
Steven says: "*repeatedly turns to between her and his bike* Hand brakes..."
Steven says: "Electric blue finish with a tiger bell!"
Steven says: "*rings the bell to draw the girl's attention, without her luck* I bet there are a lot of kids who'd love to ride this bi- Woooah!"
Steven tries to climb onto his bike, but falls over. The girl finally turns her head towards Steven, who is sitting on top of his fallen bike. Embarrassed, Steven throws his helmet away and runs off screaming.
Steven says: "AHHH!!!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven returns back home and slams the door behind him, panting. He then notices the Gems, who were watching through a window.
Steven says: "*tries to be casual* Whaddup?"
Pearl says: "Who were you talking to?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Garnet says: "That girl."
Steven says: "You saw?"
Steven says: "*starts to blush* She's just a girl I know, except she doesn't know me."
Steven says: "We never talked."
Amethyst says: "*gasps* You like her!"
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "I like everyone..."
Pearl says: "*off screen* Let's set up a play-date!"
Pearl says: "*back onscreen* I'll write up an invitation and work out a schedule."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "We'll have to find out her favorite kind of tea..."
Garnet says: "No."
Garnet says: "Just talk to her."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "But you guys can't watch this time!"
Steven says: "It'll mess up my funky flow."
Pearl says: "Funky flow?"
Amethyst says: "Funky flow?"
Garnet says: "We won't watch."
Steven says: "Alright!"
Amethyst says: "What's that?"
Steven says: "*runs out of the house* Nothing!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven says: "*practices his speech as he walks towards the girl* Hi!"
Steven says: "My name is Steven."
Steven says: "Hi, my name is Ste-ven."
Steven says: "Hi my name is..."
Steven says: "Stevan?"
Steven says: "Oh-whoah!"
Another roar is heard. The earth begins to shake, startling Steven and the girl. Steven looks up and see a piece of the Crystal Temple breaking and start to falling towards the girl.
Steven says: "*gasps, runs and pounces onto the girl* Hi, my name is Steven!"
Steven's gem starts to glow and creates a bubble-like shield, surrounding both him and the girl. The rubble falls onto the bubble and shatters, leaving the two kids unharmed.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "How did I do that?"
Steven says: "*turns towards the girl* Hi, my name is Steven!"
Connie says: "*adjusts her glasses, startled* Connie."
Connie says: "What..."
Connie says: "happened?"
Steven says: "I'm magic, well..."
Steven says: "half magic, on my mom's side."
Connie says: "You did this?"
Steven says: "Apparently."
Steven says: "I'm a member of the Crystal Gems, we fight monsters and protect humanity and stuff."
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "That's kinda like my dad."
Connie says: "He's a cop."
Connie says: "Well..."
Connie says: "more like a private security guard."
Steven and Connie exchanges stares for a brief while.
Connie says: "So..."
Connie says: "how long does it usually last?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Right."
Connie says: "What's wrong?"
Steven says: "It uh..."
Steven says: "doesn't seem to wanna go away."
Connie says: "*looks down* Oh."
Steven says: "*starts pushing against the bubble* So..."
Steven says: "I don't see you around that often."
Connie says: "*pushes along too* My dad works for a bunch of different beaches, so we're never in the same place long."
Steven says: "I go on adventures with the Gems sometimes."
Steven says: "They usually say it's too dangerous for me though."
Connie says: "Do you always go in a bubble?"
Steven says: "No, this is new."
Steven says: "I don't know what this is."
Steven says: "But it's okay!"
Steven says: "The Gems will know what to do."
Steven and Connie try to roll the bubble to Steven's house, but can't get up the steep hill leading towards it.
Steven says: "Awww what?"
Steven says: "*pushes the bubble, but it does not move* Hey guys!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Help!"
Connie says: "I don't think they can hear you."
Steven says: "*facepalms* Aaaww..."
Steven says: "That's right."
Steven says: "I told them not to watch."
Connie says: "We can just wait here until they come out."
Steven says: "No, no, no, it's okay!"
Steven says: "I've got other friends that can help."
Trans. Ext. Big Donut.
Sadie is attempting to break the bubble with a hammer while Lars is laughing aloud.
Lars says: "Way to go, Steven!"
Lars says: "Is this your magic love bubble or something?"
Lars says: "Did you make it because you're in looove?"
Steven says: "That's Lars."
Steven says: "We're basically BFFs."
Connie says: "He makes weird faces."
Lars proceeds to make kissy faces and licks the bubble.
Sadie says: "Lars, quit being a jerk and help!"
Lars says: "What?"
Lars says: "I'm helping Steven on his date."
Sadie says: "You're embarrassing him!"
Lars says: "No, I'm not!"
Sadie says: "Yes, you are!"
Lars and Sadie's argument becomes inaudible in the background.
Steven says: "He and Sadie run the Big Donut."
Connie says: "Do..."
Connie says: "they get along?"
Sadie and Lars continue arguing, Sadie pushes Lars.
Steven says: "They're crazy about each other."
Sadie says: "I'm gonna go try something else!"
Steven says: "Anyway, this place has the best doughnuts!"
Steven says: "I come here, like, everyday!"
Connie says: "My parents don't let me eat doughnuts."
Connie says: "They have trans fats."
Steven says: "WHHAAAAATTT??!!"
Steven says: "!!"
Steven says: "Well it's still a cool place to hang out."
Sadie says: "Aaaahhh!!!"
Steven says: "*nervous chuckle* I have a better idea."
Trans. Beach City Pier.
Connie says: "*looking around the pier* Whoa, a trawler!"
Connie says: "And a little skip-jack!"
Steven says: "You know a lot about boats."
Connie says: "That's what happens when you hang out at the beach and don't swim and don't have friends..."
Connie says: "Y-you look at boats..."
Steven says: "Heh, uh..."
Steven says: "*notices a boy holding a bag of popcorns* Oh hey, Onion, Onion!"
Steven says: "We need a Harpoon Gun!"
Connie says: "What?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "To pop the bubble."
Connie says: "Can't we just go back to your house?"
Steven says: "It's okay, I'm a Gem."
Steven says: "Onion, we need a harpoon gun!"
Steven says: "*slowly* HAR-POON-GUUUN!"
Onion eats the popcorn obliviously. Steven signs and breaths on the bubble, creating fog where he attempts to illustrate a boat firing a harpoon gun at the bubble.
Steven says: "*drawing* Haar-pooon-guuun..."
Steven says: "UGH!"
Connie says: "Let me try."
She breaths fog on the bubble too and spells out "harpoon gun". Onion gives a thumbs up and runs off. Steven looks at her, impressed.
Connie says: "It just made more sense."
A boat horn is heard, as Onion stands at the helm of a boat with the harpoon gun. Steven and Connie scream as they leans out of the way in the bubble. Onion shoots a harpoon at the bubble, which gets deflected by the bubble and and hits a nearby boat. Onion gives a thumbs-up.
Connie says: "The trawler..."
Trans. Beach City Funland.
Connie says: "*rolling the bubble with Steven* "Funland"?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Tons of horrible accidents happen here everyday!"
Steven says: "There's gotta be something to break this bubble."
Connie says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "We just gotta find the right ride."
Steven says: "*spots a roller coaster* Yeah, the kiddie coaster!"
Steven says: "Alright, we just roll down this ramp as the carts are coming at us, and the crash will break us free!"
Connie says: "What happens after the bubble pops?"
Steven says: "We'll be free!"
Awkward pause...
Steven says: "Whaaa- This will work!"
The bubble starts rolling them down the roller coaster tracks. The roller coaster collides with them, pushing them along. Mr. Smiley hits the emergency break and stops the ride. The inertia launches the bubble off the tracks, sending Steven and Connie flying and screaming out to sea. The bubble hits the water and sink all the way to the ocean floor.
Trans. Ocean Floor says: "Connie: Where are we?"
Steven says: "The bottom of the ocean."
Connie gasps, horrified.
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Connie says: "Are we even close to the shore?"
Steven says: "Yeah, sure!"
Connie says: "Let's start rolling."
Steven says: "It's a good thing this bubble is airtight, otherwise we'd be drowning right now."
Just then, a huge worm-like monster swims above them, scaring Connie.
Steven says: "A huge worm!"
Steven says: "It's okay, look!"
Steven says: "It only wants to eat that bright stuff."
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "Not scary at all."
The Worm Monster begins to burrow into the ground, creating a crevice underneath Steven and Connie, and the bubble sinks deeper into it.
Steven says: "Ughhh..."
Steven says: "*realizes his foot is in Connie's face* Oh, sorry!"
Steven says: "Are you alright?"
Steven says: "It's not so bad."
Steven says: "*looks up from inside the crevice* Uhhh."
Steven says: "I-It's okay, I uh..."
Connie says: "It's NOT OKAY!!"
Steven says: "Uh?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "You keep saying that but you don't know what you're doing!"
Connie says: "Now we're going to suffocate or starve at the bottom of the ocean and only my parents will notice because no one else cares about me!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Connie says: "I'm gonna disappear without ever making a single friend..."
Connie breaks down and starts crying. Steven then holds up the glowing bracelet he retrieved from the fridge to Connie.
Steven says: "We can be friends."
Steven says: "I saw you at the Boardwalk Parade last year."
Steven says: "You dropped your bracelet."
Steven says: "I picked it up, but then I couldn't find you."
Steven says: "I saved it in the freezer so it would last longer, in case I saw you again."
Brief flashbacks of Boardwalk Parade.
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "You were the kid on the car wash float."
Connie says: "*chuckles* You had soap bubbles in your hair."
Steven says: "*blushes and laughs* I was supposed to be a scrub brush."
Steven says: "I'm sorry Connie."
Steven says: "*puts the bracelet on Connie's wrist* If I had returned your bracelet back then, you wouldn't be stuck in this bubble with me now."
Connie says: "*blushing* No, it's okay."
Connie says: "I'm having fun."
The bubble suddenly bursts, exposing Steven and Connie to the water. Steven leads Connie as they swim upwards to the water surface, gasping for air. They start laughing, when suddenly, the Worm Monster emerges and attacks them. The wave created from the attack splashes Steven and Connie back on shore. The Worm Monster continues to pursue them.
Trans. Under Funland's Pier.
Connie says: "Come on, come on!"
Connie says: "*runs away with Steven* Hide in the rocks, Steven!"
Connie tries to climb up a bunch of rocks while Steven runs under the pier. The Worm Monster aims for Connie.
Steven says: "Why is it chasing us?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*notices Connie's bracelet* The bracelet!"
Steven says: "It eats bright stuff."
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Give me the bracelet!"
Connie says: "What?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "It's okay, now go, go!"
Steven says: "Run that way!"
Steven says: "*pushes Connie in a different direction* I'm sorry!"
The Worm Monster pursues Steven, now in possession of the bracelet. Steven zigzags around the pillars of the pier while yelling frantically, causing the monster to wrap and knot around itself. The immobilized monster struggles to break free as Connie and Steven hold hands in horror. The pillars break from the struggle, causing the pier to collapse on the monster, crushing and poofing it. The Gems come rushing towards them.
Garnet says: "STEVEN!"
Amethyst says: "STEVEN!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
Pearl says: "*sees the destruction* Steven, what's going on?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "What did you do?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Connie says: "He was incredible!"
Steven says: "Really?"
Steven says: "You mean it?"
Steven says: "Here's your bracelet..."
Steven says: "again."
Connie says: "Thanks."
Amethyst says: "*grabs Steven* So, are you going to introduce us?"
Pearl says: "*to Connie* Steven was so excited to meet you."
Pearl says: "Right, Steven?"
Garnet says: "*picks up Pearl and Amethyst* Hey!"
Garnet says: "Don't mess with his funky flow."
Connie says: "Funky..."
Connie says: "flow?"
Steven says: "Uhh..."
The star iris zooms in on the nervous Steven, ending the episode.
END.