The episode begins with Steven and Connie riding Lion and warping through his portal, as they cheer in excitement.
Trans. Ext. Buddwick Public Library.
Lion emerges from his portal at a parking lot, in between two cars.
Connie says: "Great job parking, Lion!"
Steven says: "Eh."
Steven says: "It's a little crooked."
Lion growls softly at Steven.
Steven says: "Never mind."
Steven says: "It's perfect!"
Connie says: "*chuckles* Is Lion gonna be okay parked out here?"
Steven says: "Oh, yeah."
Steven says: "Uh, I just gotta lock him up."
Steven says: "*pats Lion's back* Boop-boop."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "He's not going anywhere."
Lions walks off as Steven and Connie walk towards Buddwick Public Library.
Connie says: "I still can't believe this'll be your first time inside of a library."
Steven says: "Why?"
Connie says: "Because libraries are full of your favorite thing."
Steven looks around the place and is overjoyed.
Steven says: "*gasps* BOOOOOKS!!"
The librarian at the reception, reading a book, shushes Steven.
Steven says: "*whispers* Boooooks."
Steven and Connie walk to a table, with Connie carrying three thick educational books.
Connie says: "All right."
Connie says: "Time to beat these books."
Steven says: "Ah."
Steven says: "What did they do to you?"
Connie says: "I'm mainly trying to get a head-start on seventh grade."
Connie says: "We'll be covering a lot of new stuff, so..."
Connie says: "*places the books onthe table* I just want to be prepared."
Steven says: "Can't you just use your phone to look stuff up?"
Connie says: "*sighs* Last time I relied on the Internet for info, I ended up writing a very, uh..."
Connie says: "erroneous paper about raccoons having heat-vision."
Steven says: "Raccoons have heat-vision!"
Steven says: "?"
The librarian from before shushes Steven again.
Connie says: "You should take a look around while I get started."
Connie says: "There's tons of stuff here I'm sure you'll love."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "B-R-B."
Steven walks around exploring the library.
Steven says: "Nonfiction?"
Steven says: "Wild."
Steven trips onto a wheeled ottoman and begins riding it.
Steven says: "Whee!"
Steven says: "*giggles* Wow!"
Steven says: "There's even cool books on the bottom shelves!"
Steven continues riding the ottoman until he notices a book underneath the bottom shelf.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "What are you doing down here, little buddy?"
Steven picks up the book and blows the dust off of it. It has a blank cover.
Steven says: "It's blank!"
Steven opens the book and sees sketches of Gem structures inside, including a few of the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "*gasps and runs back to Connie* Connie!"
Steven says: "Look!"
Connie says: "It's..."
Connie says: "blank?"
Steven says: "It's the journal of first mate Buddy Buddwick!"
Connie says: "Like, the real thing?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Jamie did a play about how Buddy helped the first Mayor Dewey discover Beach City!"
Steven says: "There's even drawings of Gem locations in here!"
Connie says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Connie says: "Forget homework."
Connie says: "*forcefully pushes her books aside* Let's take it from the top!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven opens the book and begins reading Buddy's tale as drums and fife music play in the background. Jamie stars as Buddy Buddwick in the story for Steven and Connie, as he begins narrating the tale.
Buddy Jamie.
The narration momentarily cut, as Steven explains his imagination to Connie.
Steven says: "I'm picturing Buddy as Jamie being all sad."
Connie says: "Oh, yeah."
Connie says: "Drama zone."
Steven and Connie continues reading Buddy's take in the impression of Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
No! I shall not disappear! I shan't die a lowly first mate! I schwill do something great with my life! I'll comb the world in search of greatness!
Buddy Jamie.
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "to explore the previously unexplored and to make my mark on the world!"
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "I traveled for many days and nights until, finally, I found myself in a field of sorts..."
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "or should I say, a field of swords, intermingled with giant, sweet-smelling strawberries as big as one's head."
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: ""Who could've wielded such a weapon?"
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "" I pondered."
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: ""What sort of battle could this have been used for?"
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "" I contemplated."
*narrating* And so began a new chapter of my life says: "I continued to sketch, sinking into deep concentration when I suddenly felt the touch of a familiar hand."
Garnet and Pearl appeared behind Buddy.
Garnet says: "Ahoy."
Pearl says: "Salutations."
Buddy Jamie.
The narration cuts, as Connie ponders about the Gems' appearances.
Connie says: "Hmm."
Connie says: "Would the Gems have looked different back then?"
Steven says: "Yes..."
Steven says: "Definitely."
Steven and Connie imagine the Gems dressed in mid-80s outfits.
Buddy Jamie.
Pearl says: "And now we're here to save you."
Buddy Jamie.
But I'm not in peril. I'm just a humble traveler who wants my name to be remembered by everyone for all time.
Pearl says: "Well, travel not here, traveler, as this place is very dangerous."
Buddy Jamie.
Very well. I'll go elsewhere. *takes out a map*.
Pearl says: "*snatches the map* Wait!"
Pearl says: "There are many places on this Earth that a human like you should avoid."
Pearl marked multiple locations on Buddy's map before handing it back to him.
Pearl says: "Here's a convenient marking of all the places where you should absolutely, under no circumstances, visit if you'd like to keep your short life."
Garnet says: "Only the bravest, most courageous, most memorable explorers would dare to visit these fascinating places."
Pearl says: "Yes, that's essentially what I just said."
Pearl says: "Anyway, glad we cleared that up."
Pearl says: "Fare thee well."
Garnet and Pearl rode off on a Penny-farthing.
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy began to explore the designated spots on his map and sketching the locations in his journal. He visited the Sky Spire, the Lunar Sea Spire and the Communication Hub. The narration cuts, as Steven and Connie flips through the sketches Buddy drew from his explorations.
Steven says: "He drew the Communication Hub."
Connie says: "Sparkling slugs?"
Steven says: "Where'd he get these names from?"
Steven says: "Ooh!"
Steven says: "He got this one right!"
Steven says: "I feel like I'm back there."
Connie says: "What's this place?"
Steven and Connie look at a sketch titled "The Palanquin".
Steven says: "I don't know this one."
Steven says: "Ooh!"
Steven says: "It looks like he went to the Kindergarten."
The narration continues, with Buddy walking into the Prime Kindergarten.
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
Hmm... I wonder why all these tiny caves are here.
Stranger says: "Hey, Buddy!"
Buddy Jamie.
Amethyst says: "Get outta my hole."
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
Do you, uh, live here?
Amethyst says: "Used to!"
Amethyst says: "Nowadays, I just come back every so often to see how the fam's doing."
Buddy Jamie.
The fam?
Amethyst walks over to a rock, or the "fam", and gives them some brief company.
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Hey, how you been?"
Amethyst says: "Aw!"
Amethyst says: "You getting taller?"
Amethyst says: "Uh, give me a sec."
Amethyst says: "I have a visitor."
Amethyst says: "*yells at Buddy* Why are you here!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Buddy Jamie.
Oh. My apologies. Here, I'll show you. *pulls out his map* I've been traveling the globe as an adventurer and explorer.
Amethyst says: "Neat!"
Buddy Jamie.
I've been on a journey to discover places no one has ever been before. But by the looks of this place, many people have been here before.
Amethyst says: "Hold on."
Amethyst says: "Did you make this map?"
Buddy Jamie.
It was drawn up for me by your compatriots.
Amethyst says: "So, pbht!"
Amethyst says: "What have you discovered on it?"
Buddy Jamie.
Well, I uh... that is... Oh. Uh... Oh, dear. I haven't discovered a single thing on this map!
Amethyst says: "Yeah, man."
Amethyst says: "You're just following someone else's footsteps."
Buddy Jamie.
And here I was, claiming to be a great explorer and adventurer when all I really am... is a tourist! *starts sobbing*.
Amethyst says: "Whoa."
Amethyst says: "Don't get all sad on me."
Buddy Jamie.
This is why my journey hasn't felt right! *continues sobbing*.
Amethyst says: "Uh..."
Amethyst says: "uh, oh, yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Why don't you try and find the sand castle?"
Buddy Jamie.
Amethyst says: "Uh, out of the way."
Amethyst says: "I'll show you."
Amethyst says: "It's right around here in this sandy area."
Buddy Jamie.
Really?
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "They say it's never in the same place twice."
Amethyst says: "It's always rebuilding itself all over the desert."
Buddy Jamie.
That sounds like the perfect adventure for me! And I'll be the first one to see it!
Amethyst says: "Heh."
Amethyst says: "Okay."
Buddy Jamie.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Amethyst says: "Come back anytime, but not too much!"
Trans. The Desert.
Buddy Jamie.
I've been wandering this desert for ten days now. I suppose I could take off my explorer's coat for a bit of relief says: "the end of my adventure."
but if I wasn't wearing this says: "the end of my adventure."
people would see me says: "the end of my adventure."
think says: "the end of my adventure."
"Oh says: "the end of my adventure."
just some man wandering around; not important at all. Why he can't even find the elusive sand castle!" "Ha says: "the end of my adventure."
ha ha" they'd say. "What a fool says: "the end of my adventure."
" they'd continue. Ugh. *collapses on the sand* This is it then says: "the end of my adventure."
I've been wandering this desert for ten days now. I suppose I could take off my explorer's coat for a bit of relief says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
but if I wasn't wearing this says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
people would see me says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
think says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
"Oh says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
just some man wandering around; not important at all. Why he can't even find the elusive sand castle!" "Ha says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
ha ha" they'd say. "What a fool says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
" they'd continue. Ugh. *collapses on the sand* This is it then says: "I've just followed a map to my own end."
I've been wandering this desert for ten days now. I suppose I could take off my explorer's coat for a bit of relief says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
but if I wasn't wearing this says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
people would see me says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
think says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
"Oh says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
just some man wandering around; not important at all. Why he can't even find the elusive sand castle!" "Ha says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
ha ha" they'd say. "What a fool says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
" they'd continue. Ugh. *collapses on the sand* This is it then says: "And this will be the last thing I ever see as I expire - an angel and her..."
I've been wandering this desert for ten days now. I suppose I could take off my explorer's coat for a bit of relief says: "one, two, three..."
but if I wasn't wearing this says: "one, two, three..."
people would see me says: "one, two, three..."
think says: "one, two, three..."
"Oh says: "one, two, three..."
just some man wandering around; not important at all. Why he can't even find the elusive sand castle!" "Ha says: "one, two, three..."
ha ha" they'd say. "What a fool says: "one, two, three..."
" they'd continue. Ugh. *collapses on the sand* This is it then says: "one, two, three..."
I've been wandering this desert for ten days now. I suppose I could take off my explorer's coat for a bit of relief says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
but if I wasn't wearing this says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
people would see me says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
think says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
"Oh says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
just some man wandering around; not important at all. Why he can't even find the elusive sand castle!" "Ha says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
ha ha" they'd say. "What a fool says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
" they'd continue. Ugh. *collapses on the sand* This is it then says: "several lions, here for my soul..."
The narration continues, when an unconscious Buddy being licked by a lion.
Connie says: "Is this the end?"
Steven says: "I guess so..."
Steven says: "Oh, wait."
Steven says: "There's a bunch more."
The narration cuts back to Steven and Connie, looking slightly disappointed.
Buddy Jamie.
Steven says: "Mom!"
Rose says: "Hey."
Rose says: "Are you okay?"
Buddy Jamie.
Buddy Jamie.
Seven lions!? Please don't eat me!
Rose says: "Oh, don't worry."
Rose says: "We mean no harm."
Buddy Jamie.
That's... good. Ugh...
Rose says: "What brings a human out to a place like this?"
Buddy Jamie.
I was a first mate on a ship, but we found land. And then I realized I didn't want to stay in that land, so I went to find more land. But then I was told not to find that land because it was really dangerous, but I wanted to prove myself and... Look. I wrote it all down here.
Buddy handed his journal for Rose to read, as he began to rant.
Buddy Jamie.
Why am I looking for the sand castle that probably doesn't even exist?
Rose says: "A sand castle?"
Buddy Jamie.
Yes. I've combed these deserts for weeks, and there's been no sign of one.
Rose says: "Would that be a sign of one?"
Rose points to the sand castle.
Buddy Jamie.
That's it! I've gotta record this! I've got to- Wait. You saw it first. This doesn't count at all! I'm a terrible explorer.
Buddy walked up to a lion and placed his head inside of its mouth.
Buddy Jamie.
Eat me. It's all I'm good for.
Rose says: "Now, now, that's not true at all."
Rose says: "Sure, all these places have been explored before, but they haven't been recorded so intimately as they have been in this journal."
Rose says: "It makes them new and special all over again for any reader to experience."
Rose says: "Have you ever considered becoming an author?"
Buddy Jamie.
The tale concludes as Steven gasps in realization.
Connie says: "I get it!"
Steven says: "The Buddy Buddwick Library!"
Connie says: "The Buddy Buddwick Library!"
The librarian shushes both Steven and Connie.
Connie says: "He really did leave a mark on this town."
Steven says: "Whoa, hold the phone."
Steven says: "Is that what he looked like?"
Steven points at a picture frame of the real Buddy Buddwick on the ceiling of the library.
Connie says: "*chuckles* We imagined him way off."
Connie says: "I kind of liked our version better."
Steven says: "*laughs* Me, too."
The picture of Buddy Buddwick changes into Steven and Connie's version of Buddy; Jamie as Buddy Buddwick. The star iris closes on Jamie as he winks his eye, ending the episode.
END.