Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is in his bathroom, finishing his bedtime routine as he closes the mirror cabinet. He yawns loudly and turns to the bathtub.
Steven says: "Goodnight, Peridot."
Peridot is seen lying at the bathtub, sleeping, together with Pumpkin, while droplets of water drips from the faucet onto Peridot's gem. Steven then returns back to his room and lies down in his bed.
Steven says: "Nothing left to do, but dream."
Steven is about to fall asleep, when a loud banging is heard at the front door.
Ronaldo says: "Steeveeeeen!"
Ronaldo says: "STEEEVEEEEEEEN!"
Steven unenthusiastically walks up to the door and opens it.
Ronaldo says: "Steven: Ronaldo, it's the middle of the night."
Ronaldo says: "You have to come to the lighthouse."
Ronaldo says: "I found something weird."
Steven says: "*rubbing his eye* You found something weird everyday since my dad got you that telescope."
Ronaldo says: "I know; I'm amazing."
Ronaldo says: "You won't believe my latest discovery."
Ronaldo says: "There's something on the moon!"
Steven says: "Can't you call Nanefua?"
Ronaldo says: "Not a fourth time!"
Trans. Lighthouse.
Ronaldo brings Steven to the telescope at the top of the lighthouse, who uses it to gaze at the Moon Base.
Steven says: "This is the Moon Base."
Steven says: "It's always been there."
Ronaldo says: "*shocked* You have a moon base!"
Ronaldo says: "?"
Ronaldo says: "I have so many questions!"
Ronaldo says: "One: why didn't you tell me about your moon base?"
Ronaldo says: "Two: take me to your moon base."
Ronaldo says: "Three: why does it look like a barn?"
Steven says: "It doesn't look like a ba- Wa-ait, what!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven looks through the telescope again and finds the Barn, fitted in a crater of the moon.
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Trans. Int. Moon Base.
Steven and Lion warps to the Moon Base via Lion's magical portals, and Lion collides into the wall from the sheer velocity, slumping over in exhaustion.
Steven says: "Thanks, Lion."
Steven says: "*pets Lion in the head* That super warp takes a lot out of you, huh?"
Lion yawns loudly.
Steven says: "*yawns as well* You and me, buddy."
Steven says: "You stay here and rest up, okay?"
Steven proceeds to step out of the Moon Base inside his bubble shield and heads out towards the Barn.
Steven says: "Why would Lapis bring the barn to the moon?"
Steven says: "I thought she wanted to get as far away from Earth as possible."
Steven jumps then lands on the grassy patch around the Barn, then walks inside.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Steven says: "Lapis Lazuli!"
Steven says: "*looks around* This is weird."
Steven says: "All the meep morps are still here, but no Lapis."
Steven returns back to the Moon Base and dispels his bubble.
Steven says: "Now what is going on?"
Steven ponders for a bit, when he hears someone humming on the upper floor. He climbs up the stairs to find Lapis, kneeling and humming at the orb, projecting the Earth, in the middle of the room.
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Lapis, startled, quickly spins the orb, shutting off the projection all around it, and stands up to look at Steven.
Lapis says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "*hugs Lapis* I can't believe it!"
Steven says: "It's so good to see you again!"
Lapis says: "Oh, really?"
Steven says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "I- I thought you'd be halfway across the galaxy by now."
Steven says: "Aren't you worried about the Diamonds coming to attack?"
Lapis says: "I got..."
Lapis says: "distracted."
Steven says: "*looks behind Lapis* By this orb thing?"
Steven says: "What is it?"
Lapis says: "Promise you won't judge me?"
Steven says: "I sleep with a teddy bear."
Steven says: "No judgements."
Lapis taps the orb and turns if back on, showing the hologram of the Earth. She then taps on a location on the hologram, and a projection of Beach City appears all around the room.
Steven says: "*surprised* Beach City!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Please explain this to me."
Lapis says: "This orb is..."
Lapis says: "an observation device."
Lapis says: "The Diamonds used them to watch activity on their colonies from afar."
Lapis changes the projection to a forested area.
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven says: "Can I try?"
Lapis says: "Sure."
Steven changes the projection to Mask Island.
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "Lapis, what are you using it for?"
Lapis sighs and changes the projection to the outside of the Crystal Temple, where the Crystal Gems are seen training with Peridot. Peridot, with her metal abilities, throws a tin can in the air, and Pearl pierces it with her spear. She then throws two tin cans, with Amethyst destroying it with her whip. Lastly, she sent three tin cans flying, where Garnet launched a rocket gauntlet, exploding and destroying the tin cans. The Crystal Gems starts laughing in joy, while Peridot is complaining.
Steven says: "You're spying on us?"
Lapis says: "Well, I wouldn't call it spying, because that would make me feel bad."
Steven says: "Oh Lapis..."
Lapis says: "I couldn't stand not knowing what was going on."
Lapis says: "I'm so terrified of the Diamonds coming to Earth, but I got just outside the Milky Way, and I..."
Lapis says: "felt so lonely."
Steven says: "So why didn't you just come back?"
Lapis says: "I want to."
Lapis says: "But I just can't."
Lapis says: "Not after the way I left."
Lapis says: "What would Peridot say?"
Lapis says: "What if the Diamonds show up?"
Lapis says: "What if something bad happens?"
Steven says: "Well, what if something good happens?"
Lapis starts laughing hysterically.
Steven says: "Uh, Lapis?"
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
The projection fazes briefly, and Lapis begins to sing "That Distant Shore".
Lapis says: "♪ It all became so lovely: ♪ Those bluest skies above me, ♪ Those funny feelings I had never felt before I met you."
Lapis says: "♪ I thought I'd stay a while, ♪ I tried to learn to smile."
Lapis says: "♪ So many colors I had never even known."
Lapis says: "♪ Maybe I'll find myself sitting on that distant shore, ♪ Maybe I'm not alone."
The projection in the room begins to fizzle.
Lapis says: "♪ Then I see the colors fading, ♪ Gentleness of light escaping."
Lapis says: "♪ Shadows of my fear invading, ♪ Have I seen this all before?"
Lapis says: "♪ I know that there's something residing, ♪ A terror deep inside me."
Lapis says: "♪ I couldn't understand how you could be so bold?"
Lapis says: "♪ Maybe I'll find myself smiling on that distant shore, ♪ Maybe I'm not alone."
Time-Skip.
The projection changes to the sea, under an evening sky. Steven and Lapis sit next to each other, leaning against a wall.
Lapis says: "I might have overreacted about the Diamonds."
Steven says: "You really think they're coming?"
Lapis says: "I don't even know anymore."
Lapis says: "I've done so much because I was afraid."
Lapis says: "I left Peridot behind."
Lapis says: "I took the barn."
Lapis says: "And her morps."
Steven says: "At least she has Pumpkin."
Lapis says: "*sighs* I was so sure the Diamonds would destroy my new home, that I did it myself."
Lapis says: "It's like I'm back inside the Mirror, except..."
Lapis says: "I put myself here."
Steven says: "Oh, the Moon's not so bad."
Lapis says: "Are you kidding!"
Lapis says: "?"
Lapis says: "The Moon sucks."
Lapis says: "There's nothing here!"
Lapis says: "Maybe I'm tired of running away."
Lapis says: "Maybe I'd rather be with everyone and be in danger than be safe and..."
Lapis says: "alone."
Steven says: "They'd be glad to have you back."
Lapis says: "I don't know."
Lapis says: "If I went back now, there's no way things could go back to how they were."
Steven says: "Yeah, but that's alright."
Steven says: "Things would just be different."
Lapis says: "What do you mean?"
Steven says: "Well, what if you weren't way out in the country?"
Steven says: "You could drop the barn on the beach, then we'd all be neighbors."
Steven says: "I'd come over to borrow a cup of sugar, and you'd be like, "What's that?"
Steven and Lapis laugh together.
Steven says: "*yawns* When you go back, we should all hang out more."
Lapis says: "Hmmm..."
Lapis says: "When..."
Lapis says: "I go back."
The tired Steven dozes off and begins to dream.
Trans. Steven's Dreamscape.
Steven continues to sleep, when he hears Blue Diamond's voice.
Blue Diamond says: "But this is what you wanted."
Steven says: "*abruptly wakes up and gasps* Lapis?"
Blue Diamond says: "You begged us for a colony of your own."
Blue Diamond says: "And now, all you want to do is be rid of it."
Steven looks ahead and sees three silhouettes of Pink, Blue, and Yellow Diamond in the observation room of the Moon Base.
Blue Diamond says: "First, there were too many organics, then their cities were too difficult to dismantle, a-and now these..."
Blue Diamond says: "Crystal Gems?"
Blue Diamond says: "We're tired of your excuses, Pink."
Steven says: "The Diamonds!"
Blue Diamond says: "This Rose Quartz can't hurt you."
Blue Diamond says: "You can't be swayed by a few unruly Gems."
Pink Diamond tries to say something, but is immediately halted by Blue Diamond.
Blue Diamond says: "Enough!"
Blue Diamond says: "*tries to cheer Pink up* You must understand."
Blue Diamond says: "You..."
Blue Diamond says: "are a Diamond."
Blue Diamond says: "Everyone on this planet is looking to you."
Blue Diamond says: "You don't even have to do anything."
Blue Diamond says: "Just smile, and wave."
Blue Diamond says: "Show everyone you are unfazed by this little uprising."
Blue Diamond says: "Your Gems will fall into line, and these Crystal Gems will be no more."
Blue Diamond says: "As long as you are there to rule, this colony will be completed."
Blue and Yellow Diamond walk off, leaving Pink Diamond alone in the room. Just then, a silhouette of Pearl holding Rose's scabbard emerges from Steven's shadow, frightening him. Steven watches intently as Pearl approaches Pink Diamond from behind. She then strikes an attack stance, drawing out the sword from its scabbard, and raises it.
Steven says: "Mom's sword?"
Steven says: "Is that..."
Steven says: "Pearl?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl then turns to Steven and glares at him intimidatingly.
Trans. Int. Moon Base.
Steven wakes up from his dream, screaming and shocking Lapis.
Lapis says: "Steven?"
Lapis says: "Are you okay?"
Lapis says: "Were you dreaming?"
Steven says: "I- I saw the Diamonds."
Lapis says: "What?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "What are you talking about?"
Steven says: "I dreamt about them."
Steven says: "They were right in this room."
Lapis says: "What does that mean?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "Are they coming?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "I don't know."
Lapis says: "Wh-What if they are?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "What if they're close?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "Why else would you see them!"
Lapis says: "?"
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Lapis says: "?"
Lapis clutches onto Steven's shoulders, trying to get an answer from him, but he is too distracted about seeing Pearl in his dream. Lapis grunts in frustration and runs downstairs.
Steven says: "L-Lapis!"
Steven says: "H-hold on!"
Lapis opens the door of the Moon Base as Steven catches up, and he braces himself from being sucked out into space. He tries to run up to Lapis, but Lion holds him back by biting onto his jacket.
Steven says: "Where are you going?"
Lapis says: "As far from Earth as I can."
Lapis says: "I'm leaving!"
Lapis says: "You should be used to that by now."
Steven says: "You don't have to run, Lapis!"
Steven says: "Just- Just stay with us!"
Lapis says: "I don't know what I was thinking!"
Lapis says: "I-I'm not like you and your friends, Steven!"
Lapis says: "I can't just let go of what happened to me."
Lapis says: "I can't go through that again."
Steven says: "Would you rather be alone?"
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "Waaaaaiit!"
Lapis steps out of the Moon Base, sprouts her water wings and flies off away in space. The door closes and Steven drops to the ground, despondent. Lion lets go of Steven's jacket and nuzzles him to comfort him. Steven then looks up at Pink Diamond's mural in the wall of the Moon Base, and turns to Lion.
Steven says: "Lion, I need you to take me to Pearl."
END.