Open Int. Steven's Bathroom, Night-time.
Steven is prepping himself for bed by brushing his teeth, cleaning his face and swabbing his ear. He then sits on the toilet, lifts up his pajamas shirt and wipes his gem. The clean gem reflects his face on it, and he gives himself a thumbs-up.
Trans' Int. Steven's Room.
Steven dives into his bed and lays upright.
Steven says: "Goodnight, Happy Bear."
Steven says: "Goodnight, Sad Bunny."
Steven says: "Goodnight, Playful Kitty."
Steven says: "Goodnight, Ominous Triangle at the foot of my bed."
Steven closes his eyes to sleep. He then opens his eyes again, and the Ominous Triangle has disappeared.
Steven says: "Ugh, whatever."
Peridot's hand then closes over Steven's mouth, causing him to scream-muffled and struggle.
Trans. Galaxy Warp.
Peridot warps into the Galaxy Warp, carrying a struggling Steven.
Steven says: "Aargh, let me go!"
Peridot says: "Enough of this!"
Peridot holds Steven with her tractor beam and hovers him over the Gem Homeworld Warp Pad.
Steven says: "What do you want from me?"
Peridot says: "*walking towards Homeworld Warp Pad* I want, to get off this lousy gem-forsaken planet!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Peridot disables her tractor beam and Steven falls to the ground.
Peridot says: "*shapes her fingers into arrows and points them at the warp pad she and Steven are stepping on* You have to fix this!"
Steven says: "Wait, what?"
Peridot says: "You're my last chance."
Peridot says: "I've got no Flask Robonoids."
Peridot says: "I've got no foot!"
Peridot says: "I've got no response from Yellow Diamond!"
Peridot says: "*breathes in and out, calming herself down* I know you fixed Lazuli's gem."
Peridot says: "Whatever you did, you've got to do it to the Homeworld Warp!"
Peridot says: "Or else!!"
Steven says: "Oh, o-okay, just give me a second!"
Steven says: "My mouth gets really dry when I'm scared."
Steven says: "*licks his palm* Here goes!"
Steven slaps his palm onto the warp pad with a wet smack sound. Peridot looks around in confusion as nothing happens.
Peridot says: "What was that?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "It didn't do ANYTHING!"
Steven says: "*hesitantly* It..."
Steven says: "doesn't always work."
Peridot says: "No..."
Peridot says: "*shaking head in exasperation* No no no no no!"
Peridot says: "It HAS to work!"
Steven says: "I'm really sorry..."
Peridot says: "*laughs and curls up on the ground, looking plaintively* This was it..."
Peridot says: "This was my last shot!"
Peridot says: "*gasps* I'm gonna die here!"
Steven says: "Hey, hey- come on!"
Steven says: "Earth isn't that bad..."
Peridot says: "It doesn't matter what Earth is like!"
Peridot says: "It's not going to be like anything soon!"
Steven says: "What do you mean?"
The Crystal Gems then warp in.
Peridot says: "Uuuuuugh!!"
Pearl says: "There he is!"
Steven says: "Guys!"
Pearl says: "What happened?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Ahh, you're okay!"
Garnet says: "Peridot!"
Peridot says: "Why can't you just leave me alone?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Garnet says: "*cracks her knuckles with her gauntlets* Gems!"
Garnet says: "Move!"
Peridot says: "Kyaah!"
Peridot shoots three energy blasts in quick succession at the Gems, who dodges out of the way, and tries to fly away with  her helicopter fingers. Amethyst swiftly tethers Peridot with her whip, and Peridot laughs as she generates and sends a electric current down the whip. Garnet then grabs the whip and stops the electric current.
Garnet says: "Not this time!"
Garnet sends the electric current back at Peridot, electrifying her, and whips her slamming down to the ground screaming. shocking Peridot, as a concerned Steven watches and gasps. Peridot coughs as she gets up, and backs off as Garnet and Pearl approach her.
Peridot says: "Wait, wait.."
Peridot says: "you- you need me!!"
Peridot aims her energy blaster at Garnet, as Pearl sneaks up behind her, drawing her spear.
Peridot notices Pearl and turns towards her, ready to fire her blaster, when Garnet grabs and squeezes her, effectively poofing her. Peridot's disembodied limbs then fall to the ground, as the Crystal Gems gather around to observe.
Pearl says: "What on Earth?"
Amethyst says: "Ughh, sick, there's bits of her all over."
Garnet says: "Nope, she's right here."
Garnet says: "*bubbles Peridot's gem and sends it off* And now she's in the temple."
Pearl says: "*picks up a piece to inspect* So these weren't actually part of her body?"
Amethyst says: "*snatches Pearl's piece, scoops up the rest and drops them all into the ocean, making it looks like an accident* Uhh whoops."
Steven says: "Garnet, she was trying to tell us something..."
Garnet says: "Those were just the desperate lies of a Gem who's been caught."
Garnet says: "You don't need to worry about her anymore."
Pearl says: "Come on, Steven."
Pearl says: "*pushes Steven along* Oh, I'm so glad this is finally over."
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven in back in his bedroom, holding onto Peridot's detached foot, as he sighs deeply. He curls up to to ponder with concerns, when Amethyst suddenly appears and slaps his face.
Amethyst says: "I'm back to kidnap you!"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* It's been long enough that we can joke about it, right?"
Steven says: "It's only been, like, an hour."
Amethyst says: "So- Ew, what are you doing with her foot?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Think it's lucky?"
Amethyst says: "Not for Peridot!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs and hugs Steven* Well, glad to have you back."
Steven says: "Um, Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Uh, do you think..."
Steven says: "No, it's okay."
Steven says: "Never mind."
Amethyst says: "Okay, weirdo."
Amethyst says: "If you need anything, I'll be in my room eating garbage."
Steven says: "'Kay."
Amethyst returns back into her room, and Steven flops backwards onto his bed, sighing deeply again.
Steven says: "Why were you so scared?"
Steven says: "What were you going to say?"
Steven says: "Now you're deep in the temple in a bubble and I'll never know."
Steven says: "If I could just talk to you for one more second..."
Steven's gem then starts glowing and the Temple Gate opens.
Trans. Int. Rose's Room.
Steven runs into his mother's room.
Steven says: "Room, I need to talk to Peridot."
Cloud Peridot just freezes in place.
Steven says: "The what?"
Steven says: "Ugh, no no no."
Steven says: "*swipes at the Cloud Peridot and dissipates it* Room, I need to go to the basement."
Steven says: "The real basement!"
Steven says: "I know there's a way down from here!"
The clouds in front of Steven part away, revealing one of the Crystal Heart's veins to the Burning Room.
Steven says: "Thank you!"
Steven hops onto the vein and slides down.
Steven says: "Woo!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "*flies off the vein and starts somersaulting* Triple 550 Deluxe with no cheese!"
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven lands on his face and gets up with a slight limp.
Steven says: "*strained* Yep, perfect landing.."
Trans. Int. Burning Room.
Steven begins looking at the array of bubbled Gems and spots Peridot's gem.
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "There we go!"
Steven says: "*climbs up the vein towards Peridot's gem* Gotcha!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven falls off of the vein onto the floor, accidentally letting go of the bubble and it pops. The gem then levitates into the air and Peridot regenerates.
Peridot says: "-THE CLUSTER, you insufferable half-formed traitor MEGA-CLODS!!!"
Peridot aims her arm at Steven, but quickly realized her blaster is missing, as she wiggles her fingers around.
Steven says: "*with puppy eyes* Oh my gosh..."
Steven says: "you're so..."
Steven says: "cuuuuute!"
Peridot says: "My limb enhancers!"
Peridot says: "Where are my limb enhancers?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "Aw, you're like.."
Steven says: "an angry little slice of pie!"
Peridot says: "Stop talking!"
Peridot says: "I demand to know what this place is, and where I- *looks up and sees the array of other bubbled Gems* Oh my stars..."
Peridot says: "You're going to harvest me?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I mean..."
Steven says: "Ow, that hurt!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "It did?"
Steven says: "Yeah, a lot."
Steven says: "Ow!"
Peridot says: "Yes!"
Peridot says: "Feel my unbridled rage!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "*grabs Peridot's hands* Hey, hey."
Steven says: "What's that on your shirt?"
Peridot says: "What's a shirt?"
Peridot says: "Ow!"
Peridot says: "That's it!"
Peridot tackles Steven and slaps him over and over again.
Steven says: "Why are you acting like this!"
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "You smashed me into a limbless cloud!"
Peridot says: "You trapped me in your bubble dungeon!"
Peridot says: "And, you called me..."
Peridot says: "*sniffs and blushes angrily* cute!"
Steven says: "I didn't poof you!"
Steven says: "I freed you!"
Peridot says: "*faces Steven and curls up*..."
Peridot says: "Why would you make such a miscalculation?"
Steven says: "Back at the Warp Pad, what were you trying to say?"
Steven says: "Why do we need you?"
Steven says: "What do you know?"
Peridot says: "What do I know?"
Peridot says: "Everything there is to know about the Cluster, you pebble."
Steven says: "Cluster?"
Steven says: "Wait, "pebble"?"
Peridot says: "My mission."
Peridot says: "The reason why I'm on this sad rock in the first place!"
Peridot says: "I was to check progress on the Cluster!"
Peridot says: "Just in and out, before it hatches."
Peridot says: "I wasn't supposed to get stuck here!"
Peridot says: "But now it's going to emerge and nothing can stop it, and we'll all be shattered!"
Steven says: "Okay, okay, wait, slow down."
Steven says: "Now, from the top..."
Steven says: "*sits down in front of Peridot* Emerging, hatching, Clusters."
Peridot says: "You wanna know?"
Steven says: "Yes."
Peridot says: "You really wanna know?"
Steven says: "Yes?"
Peridot says: "What's your shirt?"
Steven says: "These are my banana pajamas-  OW!"
Steven says: "Wait, don't run away!"
Peridot begins climbing out of the Burning Room, laughing maniacally as she exits, and Steven chases after her.
Trans Int. Beach House.
Peridot runs out of the Temple Gate laughing manically, followed by Steven.
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "They're gonna see you!"
Peridot says: "*spreads her arms out wide* Freedom is MINE!"
Peridot pauses and slowly turns her head, seeing Pearl, Garnet, and Amethyst glaring at her at the kitchen table.
Steven says: "*runs in between the Gems and Peridot* Wait!"
Peridot says: "*stuttering while pointing to the ceiling* Look!"
Peridot says: "Over there!"
Peridot says: "Another planet to betray!"
Pearl grunts, Garnet summons her gauntlets and Amethyst eats a whole pizza box in one gulp.
Peridot says: "*shaking in fear* Retreat!"
Peridot crawls to the front door, but Pearl and Garnet block her path.
Pearl says: "Oh no, you don't!"
Peridot says: "Eeep!!"
Peridot scampers up the steps, where Amethyst is waiting on Steven's bed.
Amethyst says: "*pulling her whip* Heey."
Peridot says: "AAAHH!"
Peridot says: "*jumps back down to the ground floor* Ow!"
Garnet says: "Get her!"
Peridot scampers into the bathroom and shuts the door.
Peridot says: "You may have won the war, but the battle isn't over, CRYSTAL CLODS!"
The Gems then dispels their weapons.
Pearl says: "Should we tell her that's the bathroom?"
Amethyst says: "Ehh."
Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom.
Peridot says: "*looking around* Hmm..."
Peridot says: "Seems I discovered some sort of archaic..."
Peridot says: "think-chamber."
Peridot says: "Roomy, with a fresh hint of Earth citrus."
Peridot says: "*opens the toilet lid* A perfect crossroads for my escape."
Trans. Ext. Steven's Bathroom.
Amethyst says: "*tries to turn the doorknob* It's locked."
Garnet says: "Peridot, open the door!"
Toilet flushing is heard.
Amethyst says: "If you're trying to flush yourself down the toilet, it won't work."
Peridot is seen swirling in the toilet.
Amethyst says: "Trust me, I've tried."
Pearl says: "How did she get out?"
Pearl says: "We bubbled her!"
Amethyst says: "Maybe we needed a bigger bubble."
Garnet says: "My bubbles are fine."
Steven says: "*sweating anxiously*..."
Steven says: "I did it."
Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl glare at Steven in shock and anger.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Why would you do such a thing!"
Pearl says: "?"
Steven says: "Because she knows something!"
Steven says: "Something that's made her scared!"
Amethyst says: "*punches into her palm* Duh."
Amethyst says: "Homegirl knows we're gonna beat her into a green pancake."
Steven says: "No, not 'cause of us."
Steven says: "'Cause of something called "the Cluster"."
Garnet says: "Cluster?"
Garnet says: "That's new."
Pearl says: "What else did she tell you?"
Steven says: "That's all I got."
Peridot says: "That's right, you dirt bombs!"
Peridot says: "You don't even know what's coming!!!"
Peridot says: "*notices the mirror* Ooh.."
Garnet says: "I'm tired of playing these games."
Peridot is seen making faces in the mirror.
Garnet says: "If we can't fight her, then fine."
Garnet says: "We'll talk."
Garnet says: "Peridot!"
Peridot says: "Whoa!"
Garnet says: "Alright, no more fighting."
Garnet says: "Let's just have a civil conversation."
Peridot says: "As if I'd negotiate with you, filthy war machine!"
Garnet says: "*summons her gauntlets angrily* Okay, let's kick her butt."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "*holds a plunger while hanging from the shower curtains* Yeah!"
Peridot says: "Destroy me again, and have fun trying to talk to me when I'm in a bubble!"
Pearl says: "I really hate to say it, but unfortunately if she has information, she's more valuable to us like..."
Pearl says: "this."
Garnet says: "This is going to be tricky."
Water gushing is then heard.
Peridot says: "H-h-hot hot hot!"
Steven says: "You have to turn the knob the other way for cold!"
Trans. Kitchen.
The Crystal Gems then gather in the kitchen to discuss, while Steven drinks from a cup.
Steven says: "Wait, so we're just gonna let her live in my bathroom?"
Pearl says: "Well, yes."
Pearl says: "What other option do we have?"
Pearl says: "Keep her outside on a leash?"
Pearl says: "*laughs* Ha ha..."
Pearl says: "*ponders* Hmm..."
Steven says: "But, I need to use the bathroom!"
Pearl says: "Right now?"
Steven says: "Yeah, kinda."
Amethyst says: "Just go in the ocean, bro."
Amethyst says: "Pssssh."
Amethyst says: "Like a feeyush."
Steven says: "What's with you guys and making me pee outside!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Well I have fun doing it.."
Time Skip — Dawn.
The Gems are still discussing in the background in the kitchen, while a half-awake Steven, carrying Peridot's prosthetic foot, walks past.
Pearl says: "But even if we do get her to come out of the bathroom..."
Amethyst says: "She's never gonna talk to us."
Garnet says: "Looks like there's not much else we can do right now."
Pearl says: "We have her in our custody at least, even if the circumstances are less than optimal."
Pearl says: "How important do you think this Cluster is?"
Garnet says: "If it has anything to do with the experiments she was conducting in the Kindergarten, then very."
Steven says: "*knocks on the bathroom door* Peridot, can I come in?"
Steven says: "I need to get ready for the day."
Peridot says: "No!"
Steven says: "I have something for you."
Peridot cracks the door open to see Steven holding her foot. She grabs it and shuts the door, then slowly opens the door again for Steven.
Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom.
Steven enters the bathroom and turns on the lights, seeing Peridot clinging to her prosthetic foot in a corner.
Peridot says: "What a great souvenir of that other time you assaulted me."
Steven says: "Oh, right, sorry."
Steven says: "I can take it back."
Peridot says: "No, it's too late!"
Peridot says: "You..."
Peridot says: "wouldn't happen to have the rest?"
Steven says: "*washing his face* Uh, sorry, we lost them."
Steven says: "*pauses* Well, we kinda threw 'em away."
Steven says: "*points to the toothbrush on the floor* Can you pass me that?"
Peridot says: "*picks up Steven's toothbrush* Is this a weapon!"
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "Only for cavities."
Peridot says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "Thanks!"
Peridot says: "*looking around Steven at the sink* Is that a weapon?"
Steven says: "No, that's a comb I never use."
Peridot says: "*climbs onto the toilet* Is that a weapon?"
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Steven says: "Oh, well, I guess if you get it wet and roll it up."
Steven says: "*rolls up his towel, and Peridot flinches in fear* Look, I know you're scared, but I'm not going to hurt you."
Steven says: "And whatever's going on, whatever the "Cluster" is, I wanna help."
Peridot says: "I doubt you can help me, but I..."
Peridot says: "appreciate the offer."
Steven says: "*smiles* Now do you mind moving?"
Steven says: "*points at the toilet* I have to use that."
The star iris closes in on Peridot's face.
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "For what?"
The iris closes, ending the episode.
END.