Open Int. Prison Tower.
Steven slowly wakes up and sits up on the floor of a dark room. He looks up and spots a high window, beaming a stream of light upon, as he realizes where he is.
Steven says: "Oh, right."
Steven says: "Prison..."
Steven then hears the door opening and he turns around, seeing Blue Diamond entering the room, as she immediately begins to berate him.
Blue Diamond says: "I cannot believe you!"
Blue Diamond says: "Making a scene like that!"
Steven says: "We weren't trying to make a scene!"
Steven says: "We were just..."
Steven says: "dancing..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven looks around then room to find Connie is nowhere to be found.
Steven says: "Connie?"
Steven says: "*points at Blue* What have you done with Connie?!"
Steven says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "What have I done?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "What have you done!"
Blue Diamond says: "?"
Blue Diamond says: "You're the one that wanted to keep those organics from the Kyanite colony!"
Blue Diamond says: "I'm just the fool that let you."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "What?"
Blue Diamond says: "Now your little pets are chasing the Pearls up and down the halls."
Blue Diamond says: "What were you thinking!"
Blue Diamond says: "?"
Blue Diamond says: "Letting them loose in the ballroom?"
Blue Diamond says: "They could be anywhere."
Just then, a rainbow-colored, caterpillar-like creature appears from Blue Diamond's hair. It babbles happily before Blue notices, screams in fright, and smacks it across the room, sending it slamming against a wall.
Blue Diamond says: "Pink!"
The creature falls off the wall, lands in Steven's arms and hugs him. Blue groans as she rubs the spot where the creature touched on her face.
Blue Diamond says: "Ugh."
Blue Diamond says: "Please."
Blue Diamond says: "Just get rid of it."
With a concerned look on his face, Steven walks over to the door and lets the creature escape through a crack in the door. Blue turns to look out the window as she sighs.
Blue Diamond says: "Pink..."
Blue Diamond says: "White is very unhappy with you."
Blue Diamond says: "If this keeps up, she's going to take away your Pearl."
Pink Diamond is now in the place of Steven, but still speaks with his voice. She appears remorseful and a tear falls down her cheek.
Pink Diamond Steven.
I know. I'm sorry...
As the tear hits the ground, Steven cries out in surprise to find himself in Pink's body. His vision turns blurry as Blue speaks ethereally in the background.
Blue Diamond says: "*echoing* Why do you always do this, Pink..."
Blue Diamond says: "?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven finds himself back in his body, and in a strange pink void. Silhouettes of Gems surround him as they glare at him with glowing pink eyes with unintelligible whispers. They quickly disappear beneath view, and Steven looks up to suddenly see Yellow and Blue Diamond looking down at him with surprised, angry looks on their faces, motionless. Pearl and Amethyst also suddenly appear frightened behind Steven, and are poofed by an unknown source. Steven screams and then sees Garnet also getting poofed as well. A clip of Yellow, White, and Blue Diamond extending their hands to emit the Corrupting Light from "Your Mother and Mine" is shown. Steven raises his hands to shield himself form the light.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
A great glow can be seen behind, and Steven find himself rapidly cycling between the forms of Pink Diamond, Rose Quartz, and himself. Steven grasps his head in pain as the cycling gets faster, and he screams in distress. A cropped clip of White Diamond's eyes opening from "Legs from Here to Homeworld", glaring down at Steven.
Trans. Int. Prison Tower.
Steven wakes up, now back in reality, in cold sweat and breathing heavily. He quickly realizes hie is himself again, and notices Connie sleeping beside him.
Steven says: "Oh, Connie, you- you're here."
Connie wakes up and yawns, rubbing her eyes as Steven smiles.
Connie says: "Yeah."
Connie says: "Can't exactly leave..."
Connie and Steven looks up at the window, when they hear the door opening. They turn around, seeing Blue Diamond entering the room, as she immediately begins to berate Steven.
Blue Diamond says: "I cannot believe you!"
Blue Diamond says: "Making a scene like that!"
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "Deja blue."
Connie says: "We didn't mean any harm!"
Connie says: "I asked Steven to dance; he wasn't trying to cause trouble!"
Blue Diamond says: "What do you know about this, human?"
Connie says: "*chuckles* You think I've never been grounded before?"
Blue Diamond says: ""Grounded"?"
Steven says: "Blue, you gotta let us out of here."
Steven says: "We're gonna starve!"
Blue Diamond says: ""Starve"?"
Blue Diamond says: "What is this?"
Blue Diamond says: "Another made up problem?"
Blue Diamond says: "Another trick, so I'll cave and let you out?"
Blue Diamond says: "Well not this time."
Blue Diamond says: "You're not leaving this tower until you apologize for fusing at the ball!"
Steven looks down, considering his options for a moment, and looks back up.
Steven says: "No."
Blue Diamond gasps in shock.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "I'm not sorry."
Blue's hands shiver as tears well up in her eyes.
Blue Diamond says: "We finally have you back..."
Blue Diamond says: "And you're worse than ever!"
Blue Diamond emits her blue pathokinesis aura, causing Steven to cry and collapses to his knees.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven smiles as he sits up and looks over at Connie, wiping the tears from his eyes.
Steven says: "It's fine, Connie; I'm not even sad."
Connie says: "But you're really dehydrated!"
Steven says: "Blue, Connie and I fuse all the time."
Steven says: "It's totally normal and fine."
Blue is visibly uncomfortable at this point and squirms as Steven speaks, grasping her face in her hands.
Blue Diamond says: "Agh!"
Blue Diamond says: "In what universe could that possibly be fine?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Steven says: "This universe!"
Steven says: "The Crystal Gems fuse all the time, too."
Steven says: "Blue, you gotta tell me where their gems are."
Steven says: "They didn't do anything wrong!"
Blue Diamond says: "Ooohh!"
Blue Diamond says: "Pink!"
Blue Diamond says: "Your time on Earth has warped your sense of right and wrong!"
Steven says: "Yeah, maybe it has."
Steven says: "Maybe Pink thought you guys were right to lock her in here when she messed stuff up."
Blue Diamond's sorrow quickly turns into anger again, as Steven speaks.
Steven says: "But I know what it's like to have a loving family."
Steven says: "And we don't do stuff like this to each other."
Steven says: "The Crystal Gems understand that I'm Steven, and they support me and Connie."
Steven says: "*holds hands with Connie* And you guys poofed 'em for sticking up for me."
Steven says: "That isn't normal!"
Blue Diamond says: "That's enough!"
Blue summons a concentrated burst of blue energy and throws it at Steven, knocking him across the room. Steven grunts as he is knocked a good distance backward. Falling on his hands and knees, he notices more tears flowing from his face.
Steven says: "This isn't normal."
Blue backs away a bit, surprised.
Steven says: "How many times did you lock her in here?"
Steven says: "How many times did you make her cry?!"
Steven says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "*gets defensive* I didn't, I..."
Blue quickly realizes her abuse and gasps in horror, as she dissipates her blue aura. She then falls against the wall by the window, tears welling up in her eyes once more, and her hair slightly disheveled as it is pushed against the wall.
Blue Diamond says: "And I'm doing it again..."
Blue Diamond says: "Aren't I?"
Blue Diamond slumps down the wall, as tears flow down her cheeks. Steven and Connie look at each other briefly, before Steven jumps and floats up to the window to speak eye-to-eye with Blue.
Blue Diamond says: "And this is why you left..."
Blue Diamond says: "isn't it?"
Blue Diamond and Steven look at each other. Tears fall down Steven's face too, not because of Blue's power, but instead of his own emotion. Blue stands and wipes the tears clean from her face. She looks away, contemplating for a moment, before speaking.
Blue Diamond says: "You were right to leave."
Blue Diamond says: "I always thought that you were failing this world."
Blue Diamond says: "But, if you were happier on Earth, maybe..."
Blue Diamond says: "this world was..."
Blue Diamond says: "failing you."
Blue glances at Steven and smiles, then casts her view out the window at White Diamond's Ship.
Blue Diamond says: "We never should have brought you back here."
Blue Diamond says: "Your "family"- your "Crystal Gems"- are bubbled."
Blue Diamond says: "Let's get you all back in your legs..."
Blue Diamond says: "and back home."
Blue Diamond picks up Steven and Connie and raises them to her face. Steven and Connie then smile at each other.
Trans. Int. Pink Diamond's Palace.
The door to Pink Diamond's room opens and Blue enters, setting Steven and Connie down on the floor.
Blue Diamond says: "*whispers* All right, it's safe."
Connie and Steven gleefully hop off Blue's hands and dump a bunch of food onto the floor.
Steven says: "Food!"
Connie says: "Food!"
Blue Diamond looks on with a disgusted expression as Steven and Connie chow down on the food. Candy bar wrappers and chip bags are strewn about the room as the Pebbles emerge to see the commotion. Steven and Connie lie back, sighing in content for a brief moment, before opening their eyes with determination. Steven's Pink Diamond outfit is tossed onto the floor as Steven and Connie get dressed in their Earth clothes.
Connie says: "Goodbye, Pebbles."
Connie says: "Wish us luck."
The Pebbles look up at Connie and wave her goodbye.
Steven says: "I'm ready."
Steven says: "We've got friends to save."
Trans. Near Yellow Diamond's Palace.
(Blue Diamond walks steadily towards Yellow Diamond says: "Yellow Diamond: What..."
(Blue Diamond walks steadily towards Yellow Diamond says: "are you doing?"
Steven says: "I'm taking back my friends!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*annoyed, ignoring Steven* What are you doing, Blue?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Take Pink back to the tower."
Blue Diamond says: "She prefers to be called "Steven"."
Blue exchanges a friendly glance with Steven. Yellow then slams her hand so forcefully against her throne that it cracks and stands up angrily.
Yellow Diamond says: "What are you talking about?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "You can't keep bending the rules for her, Blue."
Yellow Diamond says: "She has to set an example, and we have to set an example."
Yellow Diamond says: "If we bend the rules for her, we have to bend them for everyone!"
Connie says: "Well, maybe you should!"
Angered, but still ignoring Steven and Connie, Yellow looks forward at Blue.
Yellow Diamond says: "Take them back to the tower, now!"
Blue Diamond says: "I."
Blue Diamond says: "Won't."
Yellow Diamond says: "Then I'll do it myself."
Yellow Diamond reaches out to grab Steven and Connie, but Blue Diamond quickly slaps her hand away.
Yellow Diamond says: "*incredulous* Blue?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Steven and Connie look on in shock and Blue Diamond gasps, surprised by her own action. She charges a blue energy blast and throw it at Yellow, knocking her back and making drag marks in the floor. Yellow angrily growls and then sprints towards Blue, engaging her in a wrestle.
Connie says: "Steven, now!"
Steven and Connie narrowly avoid being crushed by Yellow's foot as they float up to the Crystal Gems' bubble. Yellow Diamond quickly notices and tries to grab them. Steven creates a bubble shield around the Gems, Connie and himself, leading to Yellow grabbing the larger bubble. Blue reaches up to grab her hand, and the Diamonds enter into a stalemate, as they stare each other down.
Yellow Diamond says: "When we thought Pink was shattered, when she abandoned us, I alone was there for you, and you would use your power against..."
Yellow Diamond says: "me?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Yellow shoves Blue against the wall, breaking right through it. Everyone fall off the palace onto a platform below, and Steven's bubble bounces several times before popping, break his and Connie's fall. Yellow's bubble around the poofed Crystal Gems also pops, and Connie and Steven run over to the released gemstones.
Connie says: "They're free!"
Steven says: "*anxiously* Come on, guys."
Steven says: "You're not bubbled anymore."
Steven says: "You can come out!"
Connie says: "Are they okay?"
Steven and Connie backs against each other nervously, as Blue and Yellow get up, preparing to fight again.
Yellow Diamond says: "You'd hurt a fellow Diamond?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "Didn't we hurt Pink?"
Blue Diamond says: "She was suffering in silence for ages, just like our Gems; just like me!"
Blue Diamond says: "And I know you're suffering in silence, too."
Yellow's angry facade begins to waver upon hearing Blue's remark. She looks down, almost ashamed, and then clasps her fist. In a fit of fury, Yellow begins to zap Blue with her electric blast from her hand, knocking her down on the ground. Blue Diamond cries in anguish as she struggles to keep herself from destabilizing, while Yellow continues zapping Blue, clearly torn, betrayed, and disappointed with a unique expression on her face.
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven summons his shield and chucks it towards Yellow Diamond's hand, disrupting her concentration. A surprised Yellow then glares toward Steven.
Steven says: "You don't have to do this!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Yes, I do!"
Yellow Diamond says: "This is what White Diamond expects of all of us."
Yellow Diamond says: "From a thin flake of mica, to the deepest, hardest stone."
Yellow Diamond says: "We all must make sacrifices for the sake of our perfect empire."
Steven says: "Does this look perfect to you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Yellow's anger wavers, as she looks at the ruined wall of her palace, as well as Blue sizzling on the ground from her attack earlier.
Steven says: "My dad says, "if every pork chop were perfect, we wouldn't have hot dogs"."
Yellow Diamond says: "And that means..."
Yellow Diamond says: "what?"
Steven says: "It means if you try and make this empire perfect; if you just wipe away everything you see as flawed, you lose all the things that make you happy, like hot dogs."
Blue Diamond says: "Or our Pink."
Yellow groans a moment of weakness and falls to her knees.
Yellow Diamond says: "Uhh..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Stop!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Stop it, Blue."
Yellow Diamond says: "Stop using your power on me."
Yellow is seen crying, in an uncharacteristic emotional breakdown.
Blue Diamond says: "*surprised* I'm not."
Blue Diamond gets up and walks over to Yellow, comforting her as she continues to cry.
Connie says: "Steven, come on."
Connie says: "Grab the Gems."
Connie says: "Let's get out of here."
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "I hope they're okay."
Steven says: "Amethyst would usually be back by now."
Yellow Diamond says: "*now composed* They'll be out for a good while."
Yellow Diamond says: "They took a direct hit from me."
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow, we've got to get them out of here!"
Blue Diamond says: "Before White finds out about any of this."
Yellow Diamond says: "Right."
Yellow Diamond says: "Quickly."
Yellow Diamond says: "Your legs are this way."
Yellow walks towards Pink's Ship as Blue, Steven, and Connie follow. Steven looks down and speaks to the four gems in his arms, as the group runs towards the legs.
Steven says: "Don't worry, guys."
Steven says: "I'll get you home safe."
Connie says: "Even if we have to escape now, we'll find some way to heal the corrupted Gems."
Connie says: "We can come back to Homeworld."
Connie says: "W-we'll still have the legs."
Steven says: "I don't know, I- I don't know if White will ever see us."
Blue Diamond says: "*jubilantly* We're almost there."
Yellow Diamond says: "Here we are!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Hurry, get inside."
Steven and Connie rush towards the ship between Yellow and Blue, but are intercepted by White Pearl, who appears in a white bubble.
Pink Pearl White Diamond.
You're not going anywhere.
The place begins to rumble as White's bust ship starts to move. It flies overhead and lands on top of Pink's ship, forming a giant body without arms. With control of the legs, the face of Diamond Ship glares down at the group.
Commercial Interlude; End of Part 1.
The face of the Diamond Ship looms ominously above the group, as it stands towering before them.
Pink Pearl White Diamond.
As White Pearl speaks, the ground shakes.
Blue Diamond says: "Uh..."
Blue Diamond says: "Which "rooms" should we go to?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Blue, don't make her any angrier than she already is!"
Steven says: "We're busted."
Connie says: "Looks like this just turned into a face-off."
The eyelids of White's ship open up, revealing an unsettling pair of eyes that glares down at the group below.
Steven says: "*desperately* Amethyst, Pearl, Garnet?"
Steven says: "Please..."
Steven says: "*tears up* I think we're really in trouble."
Just then, a pair of bright lights appears in the sky, almost appearing like shooting stars.
Steven says: "*points up to the sky* What the heck is that?!"
Steven says: "!"
The group watch in shock as Blue and Yellow's arm ships, seemingly repaired, come flying through the sky and slap the Diamond Ship in the face.
Steven says: "Yellow, Blue!"
Steven says: "Did you have a hand in this?"
Blue Diamond says: "*shocked* No way!"
Yellow Diamond says: "White, that wasn't us!"
Blue Diamond says: "We swear!"
Steven says: "Then who's that?"
Connie says: "Who cares!"
Connie says: "Knock her out!"
The arms square up against the Diamond Ship and uppercut it into the air, sending it flying and crashing into some buildings far behind them.
Yellow Diamond says: "Who's responsible for this?"
Yellow's ship descends from above and open its palm. A yellow bubble appears on the palm and it slowly dissipates, revealing a familiar figure.
Steven says: "Gasp!"
Bismuth says: "I always wanted to uppercut an upper crust!"
Steven says: "Bismuth!"
Connie says: "Bismuth!"
Steven says: "You came!"
Bismuth says: "Heck yeah, we did."
Steven says: ""We"?"
Bismuth says: "Of course!"
Blue's ship lands next to Yellow's ship as Bismuth speaks. A blue bubble appears and dissipates, revealing Peridot and Lapis inside, posing dramatically and sporting new forms, after being poofed in the events of "Reunited".
Peridot says: "You thought we wouldn't be here at a time like this?"
Steven says: "Lapis Lazuli and Peridot!"
Lapis smirks and Peridot makes two peace signs as Steven speaks their names. Lapis flies towards the group with her water wings and Peridot hovers over atop a trash can lid.
Lapis says: "That felt great."
Peridot says: "Wasn't that cool, Steven?"
Peridot says: "Check out the awesome job we did fixing up those hand ships!"
The ships are seen repaired with crude patches of metal, after being destroyed by The Cluster and the Crystal Gems in "Reunited". However, the thumb of Yellow's ship falls off in a comedic effect.
Peridot says: "Uh..."
Peridot says: "Who needs thumbs?"
Pink Pearl White Diamond.
Very cute.
The group's attention is quickly turned towards White Pearl, who is floating on a white bubble above them.
Pink Pearl White Diamond.
Glad to see we're having fun. However, White Diamond has certain issues with your conduct that will need to be addressed before we move forward.
Yellow Diamond says: "Steven, quickly!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Use one of our ships to get home."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Blue Diamond says: "Yes!"
Blue Diamond says: "You have another chance."
Blue Diamond says: "Take my arm."
Blue Diamond says: "Fly to Earth."
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow and I will keep White distracted."
Steven says: "Blue..."
Steven says: "Yellow..."
Blue and Yellow brace themselves to face the gravity of the situation, as White Pearl enters the forehead of the Diamond Ship via the white bubble.
Blue Diamond says: "Don't worry, Steven."
Blue Diamond says: "We understand now."
Yellow Diamond says: "*sighs* This way of living..."
Yellow Diamond says: "It must have been like torture for you."
After White Pearl enters the Diamond Ship, it begins to recuperate and stand up again.
Yellow Diamond says: "*desperately* Just go!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Hurry!"
Yellow Diamond says: "She's getting up!"
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I won't go!"
Steven says: "Pink Diamond ran away from you."
Steven says: "Rose Quartz, my Mom, she started a war with you."
Steven says: "But, I don't want to run."
Steven says: "I don't want to fight; I just want to talk!"
Steven says: "We've come so far just to get White Diamond's attention, and now we finally have it."
Steven says: "If we can fix our family, we can fix everything!"
Lapis, Peridot, and Bismuth walk up to Steven in support.
Blue Diamond says: "But in order to fix it, we'd have to admit that it's broken."
Yellow Diamond says: "She'll never want to hear it."
Steven says: "But it's the truth!"
Connie says: "My Mom back on Earth used to have so many rules for me to follow."
Connie says: "It was so overwhelming, and it made me feel miserable."
Connie says: "After I told her how I was feeling, things got way better between us."
Connie says: "She even let me come out to space to help Steven."
Connie says: "If White knew how unhappy she's made you feel, maybe everything would change."
Blue Diamond says: "What do you say, Yellow?"
Blue Diamond says: "Do you think White might actually listen to us for a change?"
Yellow Diamond says: "It's worth a try."
Yellow Diamond says: "Lend me a hand, will you Blue?"
Blue Diamond says: "Heh, okay."
Yellow and Blue reach out their arms forward and begin regaining control of their respective ships.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Peridot says: "The ships!"
Blue and Yellow begin controlling their ships and hover them towards the Diamond Ship. White Diamond attempts to fend off the two arm ships by kicking, but is unsuccessfully it preventing them from subduing the Diamond Ship.
Yellow Diamond says: "Steven, take a knee."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "*runs forth* White, please!"
Steven says: "All we want you to do is listen!"
Steven kneels down, causing the legs of the Diamond Ship to mimic his movement, under his control, preventing White to kick with the legs anymore.
Yellow Diamond says: "That's it, Steven!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Come on, Blue."
Yellow and Blue begin attaching their arm ships onto the Diamond Ship, which White helplessly watches. Glowing energy courses down the vein-like structures along the exterior of the ship as the arms firmly attach to the ship, completing the body of the Diamond Mech. Gaining most of the control of the ship, Yellow and Blue lower the hands towards the group.
Steven says: "That's it!"
Steven says: "Come on, everybody!"
The group steps up onto the hands, and Yellow and Blue raise them up to the face of the Diamond Mech to address White at her level.
Steven says: "Hey, White."
Steven says: "I know I was in there with you for a second, but I barely got to talk to you at all."
Steven says: "There are so many Gems that are hurting right now."
Steven says: "Even Blue and Yellow were hurting."
Steven says: "You should hear what they have to say."
Steven smiles at Blue and Yellow, but they both look nervous, whimpering and sweating anxiously. Steven walks up to Yellow and pats her heel reassuringly.
Steven says: "*whispering* This is it!"
Yellow takes a step forward and gazes at the giant, unblinking face of the Diamond Mech. She glances back Steven, who is giving a thumbs-up, as she struggles to get her words out.
Yellow Diamond says: "We..."
Yellow Diamond says: "W- We..."
Yellow Diamond says: "We need to talk!"
Yellow Diamond says: "..."
Yellow Diamond says: "About us."
Yellow Diamond says: "I've conquered so many worlds for the sake of the empire."
Yellow Diamond says: "I do everything you ask, and I do it all perfectly."
Yellow Diamond says: "But your very high standards put us all under a lot of pressure."
Yellow Diamond says: "A Gem could crack under so much..."
Yellow Diamond says: "pressure."
Yellow Diamond says: "We Diamonds may be hard, but we're also..."
Yellow Diamond says: "brittle."
Blue steps forward too, to comfort Yellow and stand in solidarity.
Blue Diamond says: "White, we used to be close."
Blue Diamond says: "Don't you remember?"
Blue Diamond says: "When Pink would make us laugh?"
Blue Diamond says: "All those silly things she did for no reason, there was a reason."
Blue Diamond says: "She wanted us to be happy together."
Blue Diamond says: "But we weren't, and we're still not."
Blue Diamond says: "I know my purpose isn't to be happy, but I find it harder and harder to enforce your rules, when they make me miserable."
Blue Diamond says: "When they make us all miserable."
Steven says: "White, please."
Steven says: "Why don't you let us all into your head?"
Steven says: "We could come up with a plan to help everyone."
Steven says: "You could start by helping Yellow and Blue."
(Yellow says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
Blue smile as Steven gestures over to them. Everyone looks up at the Diamond Mech momentarily says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
hoping for an emotional family discussion says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
when the eyes of the Ship begin to glow white. A pair of white energy beam erupt from the eyes says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
hits Yellow says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
Blue directly into their gemstones. The two scream in agony as their gems says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
forms are stripped of all color. Everyone else watch in horror as the Diamonds struggle hopelessly says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
until their entire forms are devoid of color says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
then they go limp says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
stop moving. Shortly says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
their limbs begin to jolt unnaturally says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
as they assume the same position of White Diamond says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
White Pearl says: "both arms lightly extended to either side palms up, with an unnatural smile shining on their faces."
(Yellow says: ")"
Blue smile as Steven gestures over to them. Everyone looks up at the Diamond Mech momentarily says: ")"
hoping for an emotional family discussion says: ")"
when the eyes of the Ship begin to glow white. A pair of white energy beam erupt from the eyes says: ")"
hits Yellow says: ")"
Blue directly into their gemstones. The two scream in agony as their gems says: ")"
forms are stripped of all color. Everyone else watch in horror as the Diamonds struggle hopelessly says: ")"
until their entire forms are devoid of color says: ")"
then they go limp says: ")"
stop moving. Shortly says: ")"
their limbs begin to jolt unnaturally says: ")"
as they assume the same position of White Diamond says: ")"
White Pearl says: ")"
Steven says: "Wha-?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Guys?!"
Steven says: "!"
A giant white bubble encapsulates Blue and Yellow and they both sinks in the Yellow hand, disappearing into the Diamond Mech. Claiming control of the hands now, White begins to maneuvers them, while the Crystal Gems struggle to balance on top.
Lapis says: "We gotta go!"
The Diamond Mech lowers its hands, dropping everyone atop off of them. Lapis extends her water wings and carries Bismuth, while Peridot stands atop her levitating trash can lid, with Connie grabbing onto its handle. Steven, however, plummets towards an abyss below while still clutching onto the four poofed gems.
Connie says: "Peridot, over there!"
Connie quickly notices Steven sliding down a pink structure into the abyss, screaming in fright. Peridot and Connie rush down to intercept his fall.
Connie says: "*extends her hands to Steven* Grab on!"
Steven is able to grab onto Connie's hand, but is unable to hold onto all the gems as he does so. He loses grip of the four gems and they continue plummeting into the abyss.
Steven says: "No!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Steven lets go of Connie's hand to dive after the falling gems without hesitation. The gems tumble through the air as Steven desperately tries to grab for them. Various tube-like structures block his path, which he frantically dodges and slides on with his shield, chasing after the falling gems. After much difficulty, Steven manages to catch Amethyst's gem.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Please reform, I need you!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Can you hear me in there?"
Steven says: "*tears up* Everyone's falling!"
Steven says: "We can save them!"
Steven says: "Together!"
Steven holds Amethyst's gem desperately close to his chest, quickly losing hope that he can save everyone. Suddenly, Steven begins to glow, and with a puff of smoke and light, Steven and Amethyst's gem fuse together in Smoky Quartz.
Smoky Amethyst.
Don't worry! I'm here for- Uhh... What just happened?
Amethyst, through Smoky, attempts to contemplate the situation while still plummeting through the air.
Smoky Amethyst.
Mmm... Holy smokes! I'm Smoky! Steven, you beautiful genius! You pulled Amethyst out of her gem through fusion?!
Smoky gasps, as they notices Pearl's gem falling some distance away.
Smoky says: "Pearl!"
Smoky says: "Gotta throw Steven..."
Smoky says: "!"
Smoky pulls their own body in half, separating a newly-reformed Amethyst who wears tiny shorts, her old white shoes and a black tank top with a hole exposing her gem from Steven, and catapulting him towards Pearl's gem.
Amethyst says: "*triumphantly* Don't worry about me!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into an owl* Owl be fine."
Zooming through the air, Steven regains his composure and somersaults around to face Pearl's gem, dramatically vaulting towards her in a ballet pose. Steven reaches Pearl's gem and holds her over his head.
Steven says: "Come on Pearl, dance with me!"
Steven spins and twirls in the air with Pearl's gem, and he begins to glow, fusing together Pearl. A parasol obscures the screen, as Rainbow Quartz, different from the one between Pearl and Rose, appears and floats gracefully and flamboyantly through the air, descending slowly thanks to their parasol.
Rainbow Quartz 2.0.
Well, what do you know? It's Rainbow 2.-oh.! Now, this is a fine mess we're in.
Rainbow Quartz gasps as they see Ruby and Sapphire's gems nearing the ground.
Rainbow Quartz 2.0.
That won't do!
Rainbow Quartz makes a silly face and blows a raspberry, as he closes his parasol and begins to fall faster. He twirls his parasol around as he dives towards Ruby and Sapphire.
Rainbow Quartz 2.0.
Rainbow Quartz powers... Activate!
Riding the parasol like a broomstick, the tip of the parasol begins blasting like a rocket, rapidly propelling Rainbow Quartz downwards and leaving a rainbow trail in its wake. Rainbow Quartz swiftly reaches Ruby and Sapphire and scoops them up with one hand, reaching the ground safely while still sitting on their parasol.
Rainbow Quartz 2.0.
Ah, yes. Now that's two stones, with one bird.
Rainbow Quartz twirls their parasol and hoists it over their shoulder. Amethyst, as the "bird", perches on the parasol as Rainbow Quartz glances at her gleefully, holding out the two "stones" in their palm. Rainbow Quartz then unfuses, splitting back into Steven and a newly-reformed Pearl who wears long pants and a short-leaved teal leather jacket, as Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal.
Amethyst says: "Wow!"
Amethyst says: "Nice form, Pearl."
Pearl says: "Oh, heh, thank you."
Pearl says: "I'm particularly excited about the jacket."
Pearl glances down at her jacket, when she gets a spark of realization.
Pearl says: "*yelling excitedly* Aah!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "We fused!"
Connie, Bismuth, Peridot, and Lapis then descend from above.
Connie says: "Are you guys okay?"
Steven says: "Almost."
Steven says: "*looking at the gems in his hands* Garnet, we're up against a giant robot."
Steven says: "We need your help."
Steven says: "Please come out."
Steven says: "I'm here!"
Steven says: "I love you!"
Steven hugs the two gems tightly, as he begins to glow. Everyone step back as Steven fuses with Garnet, taking on a fiery form and casting a light on all around. Just as the form stabilizes, the Diamond Mech stomps down upon the group with Pink's foot.
Commercial Interlude; End of Part 2.
Trampling onto the Crystal Gems, the Diamond Mech's foot begins to shudder, creak, and groan, as a force below pushes it upwards. The Crystal Gems are seem unharmed beneath the foot, as the orange, fiery, four-armed fusion of Steven and Garnet lifts it up.
Sunstone says: "Awwwwwwwwwww yeah!"
Sunstone says: "You better step off!"
Sunstone lifts the foot entirely as they make peace signs with their two lower hands. They then tosses the foot away, slightly throwing the Diamond Mech off balance for a moment. Sunstone begins dusting off their upper hands confidently.
Sunstone says: "Chillax, my dudes."
Sunstone says: "Your rockin' pal Sunstone is holdin' it down."
The Crystal Gems look on in awe at the totally radical fusion.
Pearl says: "Wow!"
Connie says: "All right!"
Peridot says: "Unbelievable!"
Sunstone says: "*bends down and grins at Peridot* Oh, you better believe it."
Peridot says: "Okay!"
Connie says: "Sunstone, what are we gonna do?"
Connie says: "White Diamond's never going to listen, and she's never going to let us leave."
Sunstone says: "If she won't listen, we'll make her listen."
Amethyst says: "And how are we gonna do that?"
Sunstone says: "I know she's in there."
Sunstone says: "We'll bust into her head and change her mind!"
Everyone Else says: "Right!"
Sunstone says: "*points up at the Diamond Mech* Let's take that bully down!"
Sunstone then turns to the screen, breaking the fourth wall to speak to the viewers directly.
Sunstone says: "But remember kids: If you ever have to deal with a bully, be sure to tell an adult."
Sunstone suddenly yanks Pearl and Amethyst, hoists them onto their shoulders and sprints towards the giant pink foot of the Ship.
Sunstone says: "Come on!"
Sunstone says: "*vaults on top of the foot* Alley-oop!"
Sunstone summons their fusion weapon, a pair of suction cup gauntlets, in preparation to climb the ship.
Sunstone says: "Kids, don't try this at home."
Sunstone says: "Ha!"
Sunstone says: "*leaps onto the ship leg* Bungacowa!"
Sunstone begins climbing up the giant pink leg, grunting while spouting inspirational quotes as they do so.
Sunstone says: "Ah!"
Sunstone says: "Yeah!"
Sunstone says: "You can do it!"
Sunstone says: "Believe in yourself!"
Sunstone says: "Always."
Sunstone says: "Do."
Sunstone says: "Your best!"
The Diamond Mech shortly springs to action again, activating its arms. The hand draws back and swats at Sunstone.
Sunstone says: "Oh, no!"
Sunstone says: "Wah!"
Sunstone says: "Owwwwwww!"
Sunstone is flung a distance onto the ground, splitting back into Steven and a newly-reformed Garnet, now with star-shaped orange shades, as they hit the ground.
Amethyst says: "*grunts* No dice."
Garnet says: "We need to be bigger."
Steven says: "Then let's fuse."
Steven says: "All four of us."
Steven says: "It's the only way we're gonna get up to her head."
Amethyst says: "I'm in!"
Pearl says: "I'm in too."
Garnet says: "Then it's decided."
Garnet says: "It's time to form Obsidian."
The other Crystal Gems back away to give some space for Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl and Steven to perform their fusion dance, landing in the shape of a pyramid and a planking Pearl on Garnet's hands. All of them begin to glow and the five gems spiral in a pentagon shape. The other Crystal Gems run away, as a colossal fusion begins to take form. The result is the massive molten fusion Obsidian, debuting with a guttural roar for battle.
Peridot says: "They're huuuuuge!!"
Obsidian begins to climb up the antagonizing Diamond Mech as it attempts to swat the fusion away, to which they quickly dodges away.
Connie says: "Guys, we've gotta do something to keep those hands off of them."
Bismuth says: "Right."
Bismuth says: "But, first, I made you a little somethin'."
Bismuth hands Connie a freshly-forged sword.
Connie says: "My own sword?"
Connie says: "It's perfect!"
Bismuth says: "Let's show White Diamond we mean Bismuth."
Lapis picks up Bismuth and flies towards the giant ship while Peridot leaps upon her trash can lid,, hovering above Connie and aiming the handle towards her.
Peridot says: "Grab on!"
Connie grabs onto the lid handle, and the group makes their ascent to assist Obsidian.
Bismuth says: "Time to take this thing apart!"
Connie's sword and Bismuth's blade hand scrape and cut into the legs as they are flown close to the Mech surface.
Peridot says: "Set your eyes on me, Homeworld!"
Peridot says: "I, Peridot, have returned, not as your servant, but as your savior!"
Peridot says: "I rule the skies!"
As Peridot boasts, White takes the opportunity to swat Peridot out of the sky. Fortunately, the Mech is slow and clumsy, and Peridot easily able to dodge the attack. Lapis then cleverly leads the Yellow arm to attack the Blue arm, temporarily incapacitating it against Obsidian's advance.
Peridot says: "*laughs* Try and catch me, you enlarged, bipedal housing unit!"
The group leave Obsidian to reach the top, but not without a final swipe from the Diamond Mech, which knock Lapis and Bismuth out of the skies.
Connie says: "Lapis!"
Connie says: "Bismuth!"
Lapis is knocked unconsciously on a platform far away while Bismuth plummets towards the ground from high up.
Peridot says: "Hold on!"
Peridot says: "I've got ya!"
Peridot struggles to save Bismuth through her ferrokinesis on Bismuth's armor pieces and succeeds in catching her, just before she hits the ground. Peridot sighs in relief, but fails to notice another swipe from the Diamond Mech, knocking her far away and sending her colliding to the ground. Connie plummets towards the ground, when Obsidian extend an arm to catch her.
Connie says: "Ah!"
Connie says: "Thanks."
With no more distractions, the Diamond Mech gives Obsidian its full attention. Connie raises her new sword in anticipation to attack.
Connie says: "Heads up!"
Connie says: "I've got this!"
Just as Connie braces herself, Obsidian summons all the weapons of the fusion's individual Gems and combines them into a sword handle. A second mouth opens on Obsidian, overflowing with magma, and the handle is inserted into it, forging a fiery greatsword for Obsidian to wield.
Connie says: "*sheepishly* I'll let you take this one."
The Diamond Mech reaches it hands towards Obsidian, which they swings their greatsword against them and slicing them apart. Obsidian plunges her greatsword into the Diamond Mech, uses it as a platform to leap onto the Mech's face and roars into its eyes. The Diamond Mech then smash its face into a nearby Homeworld structure, causing Obsidian to unfuse back into the four Crystal Gems, desperately clinging to the Mech's face as it pulls back from the building.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "Keep going!"
Connie says: "I'm right behind you!"
Connie is seen to have plunged her sword into the chest of the Mech as well, dangling from it unharmed. Steven looks up and notices the eye of the Mech actually has a tunnel, where the pupil would be, leading into the interior.
Steven says: "There!"
Steven says: "We can get inside through the eye."
Steven says: "Come on!"
Garnet says: "Hurry!"
The Gems proceed to climb their way up and enter the eye tunnel. The Mech begins to plunge its face towards the building again, and Steven quickly leaps up to the tunnel, being caught by Garnet, just before the face hits the building again. Connie clings onto her sword tightly as the Mech rumble from the impact.
Trans. White Diamond's Palace.
Garnet, Pearl, Amethyst and Steven slide though the tunnel and they all lands gracefully on the floor of the chamber inside.
Steven says: "White Diamond."
The group look up at White Diamond, who is still in the same pose seen in "Legs from Here to Homeworld", and is flanked on either side by a possessed Yellow and Blue Diamond. All three Diamonds act and speak in unison, in White Diamond's voice.
White Diamond says: "Oh, Starlight, what are you doing crawling in here?"
White Diamond says: "You want your legs back?"
White Diamond says: "You want your planet back?"
White Diamond says: "Surely, you can understand why I can't let you leave."
White Diamond says: "Look what you did to yourself last time."
As White Diamond speaks, she is expressive, while Yellow and Blue smile and stare blankly.
Steven says: "White Diamond!"
Steven says: "My name is Steven Universe."
Steven says: "I'm here to- Gah!"
As Steven approaches White Diamond, White Pearl suddenly descends from above to block his path, causing him to jump backwards. White Pearl now speaks in unison with White as well.
White Diamond says: "My, my."
White Diamond says: "We've been causing quite a scene, haven't we?"
The group look in unrest at the uncanny unison of White and the possessed Gems.
Steven says: "What have you done to them?!"
Steven says: "!"
White Diamond says: "Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
As one, White and the possessed Gems draw a finger to their lips and shush Steven. White begins addressing the Diamonds flanking her, as they mirror her every gesture.
White Diamond says: "Poor Yellow."
White Diamond says: "Her impurities absorb all the blue in her light."
White Diamond says: "She's so strong..."
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "But so weak when it comes to Blue."
White Diamond says: "Ah, and Blue, her impurities soak up all of the warmth in her spectrum."
White Diamond says: "She thinks she needs you, Pink."
White Diamond says: "As for me, I'm certain I don't need you."
White Diamond says: "After all, I'm every color of the light."
White Diamond says: "*gets wistful* But you're a part of me; the part I always have to repress."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*whispering*  Dude, what is she even talking about?"
Amethyst says: "This is nonsense!"
White Diamond says: "Oh!"
White Diamond says: "Hello there!"
White Diamond says: "Your new friends are so funny."
White Diamond says: "Is that what they're supposed to be?"
White Diamond says: "Funny?"
White Diamond blinks her eyes and fires a white energy beam at Amethyst from her eyes. Amethyst yells in pain as she gets hurt, and her gem turns white.
Amethyst says: "Hey, White..."
Amethyst says: "dirtwad!"
Amethyst says: "*panting* That all you got?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Amethyst notices her now-white gem and her form beginning to lose its color, much like Yellow and Blue not long ago.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Amethyst shivers and groans in anguish, and collapses to the ground after she loses all her colors.
Garnet says: "Leave her alone!"
White Diamond continues blasting her mind beams at the group, felling Garnet next.
Pearl says: "Stop!"
To no avail, Pearl is swiftly converted as well. All in the room, except Steven, are now colorless, to Steven's horror.
White Diamond says: "It's a pity, the way you bring out the worst in others."
White Diamond says: "See how you've encouraged their deficiencies?"
White Diamond says: "It's written all over their gems: insecure, dependent, obsessed."
Amethyst struggles to get up, but fails, Garnet's visors vanishes as she topples over, and Pearl falls limp to the ground.
Steven says: "Oh, no, no."
Steven says: "G-Guys!"
Steven says: "Come on, snap out of it!"
Steven falls to his knees and tries to lift an unresponsive Amethyst.
White Diamond says: "*bitterly* Please stop helping them."
White Diamond says: "You'll only make things worse; that's what you do."
White Diamond says: "I make things better."
White Diamond says: "Here..."
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond snaps her fingers and Amethyst opens her eyes, turning and smiling unnaturally at Steven.
Amethyst White Diamond.
Oh, thank you, White Diamond, I feel excellent now.
Amethyst, Garnet, and Pearl each slowly rise from the ground, as if being lifted by strings, to assume White Diamond's pose and smile blankly at Steven.
Amethyst White Diamond.
Oh, thank you. How generous of you.
Garnet White Diamond.
Thank you, White Diamond. We feel so much better now.
Pearl White Diamond.
I feel excellent.
Pearl's head creepily rotates 360° as she rises up.
White Diamond says: "There we are!"
White Diamond says: "I've removed their flaws!"
White Diamond says: "Now there is nothing to hinder my white light from sparking through them."
White Diamond says: "I'd rather not spread my uninhibited self so thin, you know, but you've made it absolutely necessary."
White Diamond says: "Now, the impurities you've encouraged in them are gone."
White Diamond says: "Now, they are brilliant!"
White Diamond says: "Now, they are perfect!"
White Diamond says: "Now..."
White Diamond says: "they are me!"
White Diamond poses proudly as shimmering beams of light dramatically shine from behind her.
Steven says: "You're wrong!"
Steven says: "Please, just listen to me!"
Steven says: "My friends don't need to be fixed!"
Steven says: "They're fine the way they are, flaws and all!"
White Diamond says: "There you go again."
White Diamond says: "Do you understand why you defend their flaws?"
White Diamond says: "I know why, Pink."
White Diamond says: "You like surrounding yourself with inferior Gems."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
White Diamond says: "*smugly* You enable their terrible behaviors, so you can be the best of the worst."
Steven says: "That's not true!"
Steven says: "And, even if it is- Even if it was, y-you're talking about my Mom."
Steven says: "You're not talking about me!"
White Diamond says: "*cackle maliciously* Your "mom"?"
White continues cackling manically, along with all the Gems in her possession. Just then, Connie slides through the eye tunnel into the room, sword in hand and ready to fight.
Connie says: "Guys, I'm here!"
Connie says: "Huh?"
Connie quickly blocks Pearl's attack, who White uses to stop Connie's track.
Connie says: "Pearl!"
Connie says: "?"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Pearl says: "Well, what have we here?"
Pearl says: "It's another one of your pets."
Connie attempts to fight off Pearl, and Steven runs up to Connie.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Grrr..."
Connie says: "Huh?"
Steven is held back by Garnet and Amethyst, distracting Connie just long enough for Pearl to disarm her. Garnet and Amethyst drops Steven before White, while Pearl holds onto Connie tightly while covering her mouth.
Steven says: "Let her go."
White Diamond says: "These worthless Gems weren't enough, were they?"
White Diamond says: "See how you surround yourself with lower lifeforms?"
White Diamond says: "You've smothered yourself in them."
White Diamond says: "It feels good, doesn't it, Pink?"
White Diamond says: "Dulling your power, hiding your face, blaming everything on someone else."
White Diamond says: "You became Rose Quartz to deceive your pathetic friends."
White Diamond says: "And now, you've improved on that because you're even deceiving yourself."
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "You're wrong!"
Steven says: "I'm not my mom!"
White Diamond says: "But don't you know things about her that you couldn't possibly know?"
Steven begins thinking back to his Diamond dreams, containing Pink's memories, as he almost begins to be convinced of White's claim.
Steven says: "I- I've just been connecting with her."
Steven says: "My powers, they- they help me connect to others."
Steven says: "I-I'm not her."
Steven says: "I'm just..."
Steven says: "feeling her feelings..."
Steven says: "."
White Diamond says: "Isn't it obvious?"
White Diamond says: "Even though you've embedded yourself in that human child, your light can't help shining through."
White Diamond says: "You know you're in there."
White Diamond says: "You've known it all along."
White Diamond says: "Stop cowering inside your gem."
White Diamond says: "You can hide from yourself, but you can't hide from me, Pink."
Steven grasps his head in agony as White continues to gaslight him. Connie struggles from Pearl's grasp and breaks free from her hand over her mouth.
Connie says: "Don't listen to her, Steven!"
Connie says: "She's just trying to mess with you!"
White Diamond reaches out, pinching Steven between her two enormous fingers and lifts him away from his friends.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven is paralyzed in fear as White lifts him up, clutched in her fist. White then reaches towards Steven with a deranged grin, as he struggles in vain to escape.
White Diamond says: "Now, Starlight..."
White Diamond says: "This has gone on long enough."
White pulls back Steven's shirt to expose his gem, and pinches on it with two fingernails.
White Diamond says: "It's time to come out..."
White Diamond says: "Pink."
White Diamond begins tugging at Steven's gem, causing him to tear up in pain.
Connie says: "Noooooo!!!!"
Connie watches on in morbid horror as White yanks Steven's gem away from his belly, causing him to black out.
Commercial Interlude; End of Part 3.
Everything is dark. A loud ringing in the ear is heard, along with a deep heartbeat-like thudding. Connie can also be heard, crying out distantly for Steven.
Connie says: "Steven."
Connie says: "Steven, please."
Connie says: "*sobbing* Steven, wake up."
Connie says: "Look at me!"
Connie says: "Please."
Steven opens his eyes, revealing only one half of the screen, being presented in his perspective.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven's hand is shivering as he pulls his shirt up, revealing that his gem is now gone.
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "Where?"
Steven says: "Where- Where's my..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven and Connie look up to see White holding his gem on her fingertips. The gem begins to take form in the air, as the other half of the screen lights up in its perspective. The gem cycles through its previous forms as Pink Diamond, and Rose Quartz, until it finally sticks with... Steven, entirely in shades of pink. Everyone looks on in surprise as Gem Steven slowly descends onto the ground. It then slowly turns its head, and the eyes of the two Stevens meet.
The screen perspective return back to normal, as everyone looks on in silence at the two Stevens staring at each other. Steven begin to attempt to walk towards Gem Steven, but keels over to the ground in his deathly ill state without his gem.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Upon hearing Steven's name, Gem Steven comes to attention.
Steven says: "No.."
Steven says: "*sobbing* Please.."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "I need..."
Steven says: "I need it..."
Steven says: "."
White Diamond says: "What is this?"
White Diamond says: "Where is Pink?"
Gem Steven has a completely blank expression.
Gem Steven says: "She's gone."
White Diamond says: "What did you say?"
White Diamond says: "Answer me!"
Gem Steven turns towards White with a blank empty stare. The episode begins to turn into volume warning.
Gem Steven says: "She's GOOONNNE!!!!!"
The shockwaves from Gem Steven's scream shakes the entire room with an unprecedented force, leaving a crater underneath it and a series of cracks up to the steps where White Diamond is standing, causing everyone to stumble. The episode turns back into normal volume. Gem Steven then turns its head back to Steven and Connie, who are grasping their heads in agony. Gem Steven begins to slowly walks over to Steven, walking above the crater where the floor previously was.
White Diamond says: "Where do you think you're going?!"
White Diamond says: "!"
Steven says: "*gasping and reaching out desperately* Help..."
Steven says: "."
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "Hold on!"
Connie scoops Steven up and slowly brings him closer to Gem Steven.
White Diamond says: "Don't you dare take one more step!"
Gem Steven, ignoring White, continues walking forth.
White Diamond says: "That's enough!"
White Diamond instantly fires her mind beam from her eyes at Gem Steven. Somehow, the gem manages to reflect White's attack in time with a strange, polygonal pink shield.
White Diamond says: "Ahh, you little..."
White Diamond says: "!"
Taken aback slightly, White attacks again, only for Gem Steven to reflect it once more.
White Diamond says: "Aghh!"
White Diamond says: "Don't you raise your shield at me!"
In her frustration, White begins manipulating all the Gems under her control, and all their eyes begin to glow.
White Diamond says: "I only want you to be yourself!"
White Diamond says: "If you can't do that, I'll do it!"
White Diamond says: "For!"
White Diamond says: "You!"
White and the possessed Gems then all blast at Gem Steven simultaneously from all angles. Surrounding itself in a pink polygonal shield, Gem Steven deflects all of the attacks and bursts its shield, causing a shockwave that knocks everyone back and collapsing onto the ground.
Steven says: "*crying* No..."
Steven says: "Stop..."
Steven says: "You're hurting them..."
Steven says: "."
Steven says: "!"
With White knocked out, Connie and Gem Steven continue their advance towards each other, until they reach each other.
Connie says: "Here."
Connie cautiously hands the weakened Steven to Gem Steven's arms. Reunited with his gem, Steven breaks into tears and hugs Gem Steven, laughing heartily. Gem Steven then smiles widely and laughs along, the first sign of any emotion, and the two begin twirling each other around in a joyful dance.
White Diamond says: "What are you doing?"
White Diamond says: "Pink!"
White Diamond says: "Why are you laughing?"
Steven and Gem Steven continue to cheer and dance joyfully, even as White stares from a prone position, her face mere feet away from where they stand. The two Stevens begin to glow as they fuse back together, becoming whole again.
Connie says: "Steven!"
A ecstatic Connie rushes up to Steven to embrace him.
Connie says: "Are you back together?"
Connie says: "Are you you?"
Steven says: "Yeah, yeah!"
Steven says: "I'm me!"
Steven says: "I've always been me..."
Steven says: "!"
Furious, White Diamond begins yelling in anger and pounding her fists on the floor.
White Diamond says: "No!"
White Diamond says: "You are Pink Diamond!"
White Diamond says: "That is Pink Diamond's gem!"
White Diamond says: "You do not look like this!"
White Diamond says: "You do not sound like this!"
White Diamond says: "You are not half human!"
White Diamond says: "You're just..."
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "A-Acting like a child!!!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I am a child."
Steven says: "What's your excuse?"
Connie bursts out laughing. White Diamond, mortified by Steven's remark, bursts out into a bright pink blush. The pink blush spreads to all the Gems that she controls, even including the face of the Diamond Mech, turning the entire room into a pinkish hue.
White Diamond says: "What's happening?"
White Diamond says: "What is this?"
White Diamond says: "What's wrong with them?"
White Diamond says: "They're turning..."
White Diamond says: "pink!"
White Diamond says: "I don't understand..."
White Diamond says: "I'm in control, I..."
White Diamond says: "*gasps* Something's wrong..."
White Diamond says: "with me!"
White Diamond says: "No!"
As White struggles with this newfound emotion, she ceases all control over the Gems in the room. The Gems all regain their colors and collapse onto the floor.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Connie says: "Guys!"
Garnet says: "Steven..."
Steven and Connie run over to hug Garnet and Pearl, as they get up in confusion, as to what transpired while they were under White's control.
Pearl says: "Are you okay?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Ughh..."
Amethyst says: "what happened?"
Connie says: "I think Steven got through to her."
Just then, Bismuth, Peridot and Lapis slide into the room, in anticipation for a fight.
Bismuth says: "Listen up, you nail-head!"
Bismuth says: "The Crystal Gems are here to- huh?"
The trio encounter the scene in confusion, but quickly let their guards down after realizing the conflict is over.
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Bismuth says: "Are you okay?"
Bismuth says: "Are you hurt?"
Bismuth says: "Oh, look at White."
Bismuth says: "She's shakin' like a piece of chalk!"
As the Crystal Gems joyfully reunite, Steven looks over at Pink Pearl, now free from White's control, as she rubs her cracked eye.
Pink Pearl says: "Wh-What happened..."
Pink Pearl says: "?"
Pink Pearl says: "Where am I?"
Steven says: "Welcome back."
White Diamond says: "What is this?!"
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "I feel..."
White Diamond says: "ridiculous..."
White Diamond says: "Yellow..."
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "Blue..."
White Diamond says: "!"
White reaches out in desperation, still with a flushed face, only for Blue and Yellow to gasp and avert their eyes in disgust.
Yellow Diamond says: "She's off-color."
Steven approaches White Diamond as she tries to reason with herself.
White Diamond says: "This can't be happening!"
White Diamond says: "I can't have a flaw!"
White Diamond says: "I'm supposed to be flawless!"
White Diamond says: "If I'm not perfect, then..."
White Diamond says: "who am I?!"
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "If you're not Pink, then..."
White Diamond says: "who are you?!"
White Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "Who- Who is anyone?!"
White Diamond says: "!"
Steven says: "Ya know, if you just let everyone be whoever they are, maybe you could let yourself be whoever you are, too."
White Diamond says: "But I'm not supposed to be like this!"
White Diamond says: "I'm supposed to know better!"
White Diamond says: "I'm supposed to be better!"
White Diamond says: "I'm supposed to make everything better!"
Steven says: "You can!"
Steven says: "But first, you're going to have to leave your own head."
White Diamond looks at Steven in consideration. Meanwhile, outside the still-blushing Diamond Mech, a Gem Warship and several Roaming Eyes approach to investigate the abnormal and chaotic scene.
Trans. Int. Beach City.
Back on Earth, Sadie Killer and the Suspects are performing their version of "Let Me Drive My Van into Your Heart" on the Beach City Stage, while various Beach City citizens watch and cheer on, and Greg watches proudly in the audience.
Sadie says: "♪ -Well, baby, that's okay."
Sadie says: "♪ I'll drive us into outer space!"
Sadie says: "♪ Where we can't hear what people say."
Sadie says: "♪ I know I don't have a plan, ♪ I'm working on that part."
Sadie says: "♪ At least I've got a van, ♪ So let me drive my van into your heart!"
Sadie says: "♪ Let me drive my van into your heart!"
Sadie says: "♪ Let me drive my van into your heart!"
Sadie says: "♪ Let me drive my van into your heart!"
Sadie says: "♪ Let me drive my van into your heart!"
As Sadie concludes the song, the Diamond Mech suddenly lands above the stage. Everyone cheers, thinking it is part of the concert. Sadie looks up and drops her microphone in shock. The Mech begins to bend down and lowers the Diamonds and the Crystal Gems onto the beach with its left hand.
Greg says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven runs up to Greg and tackles him down, knocking him a good distance backwards as the two laugh joyfully.
Greg says: "Welcome home!"
Greg says: "Huh?"
Just then, the Sun Incinerator also arrives and lands on the beach. Lars and the Off Colors stay by the ship door as it opens up.
Padparadscha says: "I predict our long journey through space will soon be over."
Lars says: "Welcome home, guys."
Rhodonite says: "We finally made it!"
Rhodonite says: "Earth!"
Rhodonite says: "No more running, no more hiding!"
Rhodonite says: "No more Diamond Authority!"
Lars and the Off-Colors look up and spot the Diamonds staying before them, who have heard everything Rhodonite said.
Rhodonite says: "Welp..."
Rhodonite says: "We're cracked."
Steven says: "Wait, wait!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "I know what you're thinking, but they're here to help!"
Steven says: "Off Colors, meet the Diamonds."
Steven says: "Diamonds, meet the Off Colors!"
White Diamond says: "*awkwardly and reluctantly* Hello."
Padparadscha says: "Aah!"
Padparadscha says: "It's the Diamonds!"
Lars trips over at Padparadscha's late prediction, and the Diamonds gasp in shock.
Lars says: "Padparadscha, it's okay!"
Steven says: "Hey, Lars, remember Lion?"
Lion approaches Steven, and he and Lars exchange looks.
Lars says: "Hey there, buddy."
Lars pets Lion, and Lion nuzzles him in a sign of affection.
Lars says: "Whoa!"
Sadie says: "Lars?"
Sadie says: "It's really you!"
Lars says: "Sadie?!"
Lars says: "!"
Rhodonite says: "There she is!"
Rhodonite says: "It's her!"
Padparadscha says: "We're about to see Sadie, in person!"
Lars says: "*approaches Sadie* Hey."
Padparadscha says: "*gasps* Lars isn't going to know what to say!"
Rhodonite says: "Shh!"
Rhodonite says: "Give 'em a moment!"
Sadie says: "Lars..."
Sadie says: "Look at you!"
Sadie says: "You're- You're a space pirate!"
Lars says: "Look at you!"
Lars says: "You're a rock star!"
Sadie says: "*giggles* Well..."
Lars and Sadie laugh together in joy.
Lars says: "I think it suits us!"
Sadie says: "Yeah."
Sadie says: "Me, too!"
Just then, Sadie's audience begins chanting "One more song".
Sadie says: "Ah!"
Sadie says: "Oh, I gotta back on stage!"
Lars says: "Oh, no, ah!"
Lars says: "I totally crashed your show!"
Sadie says: "Haha, you wish!"
Sadie says: "That honor goes to Steven."
Steven and the Off Colors are seen petting Lion.
Steven says: "Sorry, Sadie!"
Steven says: "I'll make it up to you!"
Sadie says: "Hey, that's not a bad idea!"
Sadie says: "*returns back onstage* Hey, Beach City, we're not done yet!"
Sadie says: "I'd like to welcome my friend and yours to the stage: Steven Universe!"
Steven runs onstage as everyone cheers loudly.
Steven says: "Thanks, Sadie!"
Steven takes the microphone from Sadie, as he and the Cool Kids begin to perform a variation of "We Are The Crystal Gems".
Steven says: "♪ We!"
Steven says: "Are the Crystal Gems!"
Steven says: "♪ We'll always save the day!"
The Crystal Gems and the Off-Colors begin catching up with the Beach City citizens, while the Diamonds awkwardly watch on.
Steven Voiceover.
Steven brings the Diamonds to the Ancient Gem Colony Ship and shows White Diamond the corrupted Nephrites. Steven and the Diamonds then make their way to Rose's Fountain, where they devise a plan to heal the corrupted Gems.
During the song interlude, Steven and the Crystal Gems begin gathering all the bubbled Gems in The Burning Room and bringing them to Rose's fountain. Once the place is flooded in healing water, Steven dives into the water, while the Crystal Gems submerge the bubbled Gems into the water. Yellow and Blue Diamond eagerly steps into the water, while White reluctantly steps in as well.
Steven v.o.
Steven swims up to the Diamonds and smiles at them. Shortly, but surely, the corrupted Gems, one by one, are healed and reverted back to their original selves, though with a few monster features.
Steven v.o.
The corrupted Nephrite dives into the pool and is finally healed back to her normal form, surrounded by her crew. Steven swims up to Nephrite, who is ecstatic to see him, when Watermelon Tourmaline pops up beside them. Biggs Jasper also pops up on the water surface, and a joyous Bismuth tackles her down.
Steven v.o.
Pearl lets the corrupted Heaven Beetle and Earth Beetle out of their terrarium into the pool, and they revert back to normal too. The two kiss each other, when Ocean Jasper pops up underneath, carrying them on her head. Pearl and Garnet, overjoyed with tears, hug each other in triumph.
As another interlude plays, Jasper, now uncorrupted, bursts out of the water and glares at Steven. She summons her crash helmet and begins swimming towards Steven, only to realize the presence of the other Gems and the Diamonds. Amethyst then swims up to Jasper to comfort her as a sister, and Jasper sullenly sinks into the water.
Towards the conclusion of the song, the healed Crystal Gems reunite with one another, while the Diamonds converse each other, bonding closely like they used to do. White Diamond looks down at Steven and smiles in relief. Towards the end, the Diamonds, detaching Pink's leg ship from the Diamond Mech, bid Steven farewell and return back to Homeworld in their Diamond ships, as Steven waves goodbye.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple, Night-time.
In the aftermath of everything, Pink's leg ship is seen sitting on the Lighthouse hill, while the Crystal Gems are hanging around Greg's Van on the beach. Steven is seen strumming his ukulele on the shore, when Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl approach him.
Pearl says: "Room for three more?"
Steven says: "Always."
Amethyst says: "Whatcha playing?"
Steven says: "I had an idea."
Steven says: "Well, a song idea- but, also an idea idea."
Garnet says: "Let's hear it."
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Pearl says: "Yes, please!"
Steven smiles and begins to sing "Change Your Mind".
Steven says: "♪ I don’t need you to respect me, I respect me."
Steven says: "♪ I don’t need you to love me, I love me."
Steven, Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl smile and gaze up to the sky, as a shooting star flies by.
END.