Open on beach near Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "*sitting on a rock and singing* Hey Mr."
Steven says: "Postman, bring me a post, bring me the post that I love the most."
Steven says: "*stops singing as Jamie the mailman appears* Huh?"
Steven says: "*gasps and gets excited* My song came true!"
Steven says: "Do you have a package for me today?!"
Steven says: "!"
Jamie says: "Hold on."
Jamie says: "*opens his mailbag* Let me see what I've got here."
Jamie says: "*takes out a peculiar package* Did you order a loaf of bread with a stamp on it?"
Steven says: "No."
Jamie says: "*pulls out envelope* Did you order a jury summon for R."
Jamie says: "J."
Jamie says: "Finkle?"
Steven says: "That's not me, I'm Steven."
Jamie says: "Oh, right, right, right, Steven!"
Jamie says: "*pulls out a parcel* Here it is, Steven Universe."
Steven says: "Ha!"
Steven says: "*ecstatically* This thing is gonna help me save the world."
Jamie says: "Really?"
Jamie says: "It says it's from Wacky Sacks Supply Company."
Steven says: "Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl think I shouldn't go on magic adventures because I don't know how to use my Gem powers."
Jamie says: "..."
Jamie says: "That seems reasonable."
Steven says: "But there are other ways I can help."
Jamie says: "With a Wacky Sack?"
Steven says: "Exactly!"
Jamie says: "Do you know how you can save my world?"
Jamie says: "*takes out a signature pad* Sign here, please."
Steven says: "Aah!"
Jamie says: "Barb yells at me if I don't get signatures."
Steven says: "That's awful."
Steven says: "Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl are back!"
Jamie says: "Wait, Steven!"
Jamie says: "What is a Wacky Sack?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven says: "*enters the house* Huh?"
Garnet says: "*covered in feathers* Hello, Steven."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, we do not need that!"
Pearl says: "It's not going to fit in the fridge!"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "I got this."
Amethyst says: "*slowly slides a tray out of the fridge, spilling a carton of milk and dropping a bag of bagels, and puts the giant egg inside* Look, it fits!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "*slams the fridge door, as a crack is heard from the inside* Oh man, We can make a big omelet, or a quiche, or big sunny side ups!"
Amethyst says: "—"
Pearl says: "*unamused, and turns to Steven* We fought a giant bird."
Pearl says: "We're only here for a second, we've got to go back out."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Why?"
Pearl says: "*shows Steven a statue she's holding* We have to place this Moon Goddess Statue on the top of the Lunar Sea Spire before midnight."
Pearl says: "Without it, the whole place will fall apart!"
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven, you should have seen the spire in its heyday."
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram of the Sea Spire* It was an oasis for Gems on Earth."
Pearl says: "It's abandoned now, but we can still save it with this statue!"
Steven says: "Wha?"
Steven says: "*eyes light up* That's perfect!"
Pearl says: "What?"
Pearl says: "Why?"
Steven says: "Because I can help carry it for you, in this!"
Pearl says: "A hamburger?"
Steven says: "It's a novelty backpack, shaped like a cheeseburger!"
Steven says: "Aww, I blew it."
Steven says: "*puts it on one shoulder* I was just going to wear it one day, and you guys would be like, "Dang, Steven, that's so cool."
Steven says: "" But this is obviously important Gem business."
Pearl says: "Yes, so you should let us take care of it."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "I'm a Gem!"
Pearl says: "But you've still got a lot to learn."
Amethyst says: "So, let him come!"
Amethyst says: "It'll be educational."
Pearl says: "Hmm, alright."
Pearl says: "You can carry it in your hamburger."
Steven says: "Hmm!"
Steven says: "*opens the backpack* Check this out!"
Steven says: "Everything's a pocket!"
Steven says: "Even the cheese is a pocket!"
Steven says: "I could fit a lot more stuff in here."
Steven says: "Give me a minute!"
Steven says: "I'll pack extra supplies."
Steven begins rummaging his house for supplies, such as a bag of bagels, two sweaters, a kite, an inflatable raft, and more clothes. While in his room, he accidentally steps on a stuffed toy. Steven picks it up and starts laughing and shaking it.
Mr. Queasy says: "Ooh, kid, don't shake me!"
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Queasy!"
Mr. Queasy says: "Ooh, I got a medical condition!"
Steven says: "You're definitely gonna come in handy!"
Steven says: "*removes a first aid kit from his backpack and stuffs Mr."
Pearl says: "Steeeveeen!"
Pearl says: "Let's gooo!"
Steven says: "Coming!"
Pearl says: "Woah!"
Pearl says: "Steven, did you bring your whole room?"
Amethyst says: "Back that "thang" up."
Garnet says: "Let's warp."
A blue light beams from the warp pad but Steven's stomach blocks part of it.
Amethyst says: "Suck it in, Steven!"
Steven inhales, pulling his stomach in, and the Crystal Gems begin to ascend.
Trans. Int. Warp Pad.
Pearl says: "Do you remember how to do this?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven starts laughing and somersaulting in the beam, sticking his head out of the warp stream.
Pearl says: "Keep your head in."
Pearl says: "*pulls Steven's head back in* Come on!"
Trans. Ext. Lunar Sea Spire.
The Crystal Gems arrive on another warp pad. Steven, still floating, falls on his back. They all turn to look at Sea Spire.
Steven says: "Whoa, the Sea Spire!"
The Gems sigh as a piece of the Spire breaks off from the structure.
Pearl says: "It wasn't like this a hundred years ago."
Garnet says: "I'm sensing structural instability."
Steven says: "Oh, yeah."
Steven says: "*cracks start forming around him* That's never good."
Pearl says: "Gah!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Wha?"
Pearl says: "*hugging Steven tightly* Alright, hold on."
Pearl says: "We're taking Steven back!"
Mr. Queasy says: "*triggered from Pearl's hug* Ooh, my aching stomach!"
Steven says: "*leaps off of Pearl* Oh, Mr."
Steven says: "Queasy!"
Mr. Queasy says: "It's killing me!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!!!"
Pearl says: "This place is your heritage."
Pearl says: "I want you to stay and help, but you really got to take this seriously!"
Pearl says: "Can you do that, Steven?"
Steven says: "You got it, dude!"
Pearl says: "*unconvinced* Yessssss..."
Pearl says: "."
Garnet says: "Enough."
Garnet says: "We have to move."
The Crystal Gems run up to the edge of a cliff, before Garnet signals them to stop.
Amethyst says: "What's the hold-up?"
Amethyst says: "We can clear this easily."
Garnet says: "No."
Garnet says: "The magic that sustains the whirlpool creates a vortex that will pull us below."
Garnet picks up a rock nearby and hurls it over. It quickly gets halted in its trajectory and pulled by the vortex.
Pearl says: "So we can't jump?"
Steven says: "Oh, wait!"
Amethyst says: "What are those for?"
Steven says: "*ties the sweaters together* They were for keeping warm, but check it out!"
Steven whips one end through a hole in the Spire and catches it. He takes a deep breath.
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Wait!"
Steven runs and jumps off the cliff. The vortex starts to pull him down.
Amethyst says: "He's getting sucked down!"
Garnet says: "STEVEN!"
Amethyst says: "STEVEN!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
Clinging onto the sweaters which prevent him from being sucked in, Steven finds his footing on the side of the Spire and begins to pull himself upwards.
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Way to go!"
Amethyst says: "C'mon, guys!"
Amethyst says: "*summons her whip from her gem, whips it around the same hole of the sweaters, and hoists Garnet and Pearl over her shoulder* Steven style!"
Pearl says: "*to Steven* Don't ever do that again!"
Steven says: "Sorry!"
Steven says: "*gets patted on the head by Garnet: Pearl: But, it was pretty great."
Trans. Int. Lunar Sea Spire.
The Crystal Gems walk inside and look around the Sea Spire.
Pearl says: "*commenting the structural damages* Oh, no, no, no, this is even worse than the outside."
Pearl says: "Ugh..."
Pearl says: "that's..."
Pearl says: "oh!"
Pearl says: "Oh, this didn't used to be so—"
Pearl says: "Oh, and the water damage."
Pearl says: "This pillar..."
Pearl says: "Oh, and this had a head..."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven, once the statue's in place, it'll restore all of this to its former glory-..."
Pearl says: "*sees some creatures crawling around a statue's shoulders* Aah- AH- AAAH!!"
Steven says: "What was that goober?"
Pearl says: "Crystal Shrimp."
Amethyst says: "You guys, we got a problem!"
Steven and Pearl run up the stairs to Garnet and Amethyst to inspect the problem.
Pearl says: "*sees tons of Crystal Shrimps and gasps* It's an infestation."
Pearl says: "And we have to pass through there to get to the top."
Steven says: "*leans towards one of the Crystal Shrimps* Can't you just squish 'em?"
Pearl says: "*pulls Steven away* Don't touch that, their shards are deadly!"
Pearl says: "We need to clear a path."
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram Amethyst* Amethyst, if you go around to the side and disturb them with a spin attack..."
Pearl says: "*projects a Garnet on the ceiling* And Garnet, if you move to the ceiling and strike this exact spot..."
Steven says: "*interrupting Pearl* BAGEL SANDWICH!"
Steven tosses two bagel sandwiches onto either side of the room. The Crystal Shrimps proceed to swarm towards the bagel sandwiches, clearing a path for the Crystal Gems.
Garnet says: "Brilliant."
Amethyst says: "Oh hey, what do you know."
Pearl says: "*dispels her hologram* Uh, uhh..."
Pearl says: "How did you know that would work?"
Steven says: "Well, if I were a shrimp, that's what I would do."
Amethyst says: "*to Pearl* You are a shrimp."
Pearl says: "I just want everyone to know: my plan would have also worked."
The Crystal Gems proceed to cross the cleared path and climb the stairs. They reached the top of the stairs when-.
Garnet says: "*halts the group* Watch out!"
The wall to their left cracks and bursts open, forming a gushing stream of water.
Amethyst says: "What are we gonna do?"
The Gems look at Steven.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Me?"
Garnet says: "What have you got?"
Amethyst says: "*starts chanting* Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl, c'mon."
Pearl says: "Oh, alright."
Pearl says: "*chanting together* Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "*chanting together* Cheeseburger backpack!"
Pearl says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Pearl says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Wow..."
Garnet says: "Wow..."
Pearl says: "Steven, that's so sensible!"
Steven throws the raft onto the water. It quickly floats away and gets washed out off the side of the Spire. Steven, Pearl and Amethyst groan. Garnet proceeds to kick over a nearby pillar and uses it to form a bridge over the water.
Garnet says: "Good idea anyway, Steven."
The Crystal Gems cross the bridge to the other side and begin to walk up another staircase.
Amethyst says: "Yeah, they can't all be winners."
The Crystal Gems slowly climb up the winding stairs around the Spire. They finally reach the top, and Steven stares in awe. The Gems approach a pedestal.
Pearl says: "This is it."
Pearl says: "The Moon Goddess pedestal."
Pearl says: "*looks up* And the moon is almost overhead!"
Pearl says: "It's not too late to save this piece of history!"
Garnet says: "Steven, the statue."
Steven says: "*sticks his hand into his backpack, but feels something missing* Uhh, I, uh, ah, uhh..."
Amethyst says: "What's the hold-up?"
Steven says: "*horrified* I don't have it..."
The Gems gasp in shock.
Pearl says: "WHAT?!!!"
Pearl says: "!!!"
Steven says: "I must have left it on the bed!"
The Gems turn to look at the moon as it slowly drifts overhead.
Pearl says: "There's..."
Pearl says: "There's no time..."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "*reaches into his backpack* I have an idea!"
Steven says: "*pulls out Mr."
Pearl says: "Aah.."
Amethyst says: "Could that work?"
Pearl and Amethyst turn to Garnet, who shrugs in response. Steven walks to the pedestal and places Mr. Queasy upright on the pedestal.
Mr. Queasy says: "*falls over* Oh, kid, don't shake me!"
A ray of light begins to beam from the pedestal towards the moon. Mr. Queasy is levitated off the pedestal by the beam. It begins to violently shake and explodes, causing the Crystal Gems to scream. The ground then starts shaking and cracks begin to form on the roof of the Spire. The waterfall around the Spire also starts to close in towards the structure.
Garnet says: "Everyone, keep steady!"
Steven says: "*watching the destruction unravels* No, no, no, no, no!"
The Spire begins to crumble and falls apart, separating the Crystal Gems in the process. The whole structure collapses till there is nothing left but the ocean. The Crystal Gems then emerges one by one on the water surface.
Trans. Ext. Lunar Sea Spire.
Steven says: "This is all my fault!"
Steven says: "I broke it."
Pearl says: "No, Steven, the Spire was falling apart when we got here."
Pearl says: "You handled everything well under pressure."
Pearl says: "You did great!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, two out of four of your ideas worked."
Amethyst says: "That's fifty percent."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "I guess you're right."
Steven says: "They can't all be winners."
Steven says: "*cheering* WOOO!"
The Crystal Gems all get onto the raft.
Pearl says: "*chanting* Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "*chanting* Cheeseburger backpack!"
Pearl says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Pearl says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Amethyst says: "Cheeseburger backpack!"
Garnet says: "*glaring out into the distance* It's a three-hour paddle home."
Steven says: "*retrieves a bagel from his backpack* Anyone want a wet bagel?"
Steven sticks his tongue out playfully, as the star iris zooms in on him, ending the episode.
END.