Open Middle of the Ocean.
Pearl and Amethyst, both wearing life jackets are seen sitting in a life raft in the middle of the ocean. Amethyst is holding Steven, also wearing a life jacket, by the ankles and dunking him under the water.
Pearl says: "*looking over the edge of the life raft, with visible bags under her eyes* Guh!"
Pearl says: "This isn't getting us anywhere."
Amethyst says: "*sleepily* What's the matter, Pierogi?"
Amethyst says: "You tired?"
Pearl says: "*annoyed* I don't get tired, I get results."
Steven is looking from side to side underwater. He begins to gargle and reaches for his neck as he begins to run out of air. Wiggling his legs, he attempts to signal to Amethyst that he needs to be pulled up.
Amethyst says: "*speaking slowly with visible bags under her eyes* Was the sign for "pull me up" one wiggle or two?"
Pearl says: "Amethyst, stay focused!"
Amethyst lets go of Steven's legs and shrugs at Pearl's response.
Pearl says: "*searching the water, using her gem as a flashlight* For all we know, Lapis and Jasper's fusion could be right under our noses!"
Steven floats to the surface of the water with the aid of his life jacket. He gasps for air, spits a fish out of his mouth, then grabs it midair.
Steven says: "This is why we wear life jackets."
Pearl says: "Ah!"
Pearl says: "A-are you alright?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Garnet then emerges from underneath Steven, picking him up and climbing back on the raft.
Garnet says: "*sighs* Nothing."
Garnet tosses Steven onto the raft, and he starts flopping around like a fish out of the water.
Pearl says: "Ugh, it feels like we've been searching for light years!"
Amethyst says: "Uh, light years measure light, not years."
Pearl says: "*throws her hands up in exasperation* Guh!"
Pearl says: "*tries to lean on the side of the raft but slips* And I'm sick of these..."
Pearl says: "life..."
Pearl says: "diapers!"
Steven says: "Safety is no punchline, Pearl."
Garnet says: "Safety is our job."
Garnet says: "We must find Jasper and Lapis."
Garnet says: "As it stands, their fusion is a ticking time bomb."
Steven says: "*worried* Is..."
Steven says: "Lapis gonna be okay?"
Garnet says: "She had control when she used her power to drag their fusion into the ocean."
Garnet says: "But, a fusion like theirs is unstable, bound together by anger and mistrust."
Garnet says: "If that bond snaps, their anger will take over, and destroy."
Steven says: "*getting visibly tired* Don't worry, Lapis, we won't let you sleep with the fishes..."
Garnet says: "We're gonna have to keep looking."
Garnet says: "But first, let's bring Steven home."
Steven says: "*abruptly wakes up* Huh, wha—"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*stands up, one eye slightly closed in grogginess and drooling slightly* No, I'm—"
Steven says: "I'm—"
Steven says: "I'm fine!"
Steven says: "Let's—"
Steven says: "let's go fishing!"
Steven says: "*walks over the edge of the raft, sleepily mumbling" First one to catch something wins..."
Garnet says: "*quickly catches Steven before he falls into the water* I win."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Gems, now without their life jackets, brings Steven back home through the front door.
Pearl says: "We should be out there, searching!"
Pearl says: "Not in here, not searching!"
Steven says: "*quoting himself* "Sleep is a curse, and yet a curse I need to live."
Steven says: "" -Steven Universe."
Garnet says: "Steven isn't like us."
Garnet says: "He needs rest."
Steven says: "Don't you guys need rest too?"
Steven says: "You look exhausted."
(Steven gazes at the visibly exhausted Gems says: "Garnet's face is lined with creases, Amethyst is drooling slightly with her face squashed down, and Pearl is squinting with her hair disheveled."
(Steven gazes at the visibly exhausted Gems says: ")"
Garnet says: "*voice strained by her stiff face* We look awesome."
Steven says: "*walks over to the couch* Look, you can't really knock sleep until you try it."
Steven says: "*picks up some cushions* And maybe we can throw a little fun into the mix, with- *throws the cushions on the floor* A slumber party!"
Pearl says: "*eye twitching, disgusted* Fun?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "All of us together, peacefully dozing off."
Steven says: "*lies on the cushions* It'll be like there isn't a vengeful fusion boiling the ocean with hatred."
Garnet says: "*walks over to Pearl and Amethyst, putting her hands on their shoulders" Steven's right."
Garnet says: "You should stay here and relax."
Garnet says: "But I'm going."
Garnet says: "*straining with her teeth clenched* Because I'm always relaxed."
Pearl says: "But, Garnet, you couldn't possibly search the ocean by yourself!"
Pearl says: "Let me—"
Pearl says: "uh, let us, help you!"
Pearl says: "*pumps her fist in the air* We're a team!"
Garnet says: "No, right now you're a party."
Garnet says: "A slumber party."
Garnet says: "*walking backwards toward the Warp Pad* Steven, put these Gems to bed."
Garnet says: "Don't stay up too late."
Garnet says: "There's snacks in the fridge."
Garnet says: "Bye."
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven is now in his pajamas, inside his bedroom with Pearl and Amethyst.
Steven says: "Now, before we get our slumber party started, would any of you care for a slumber companion?"
Amethyst says: "*kindly declines Steven's offer* I'm good."
Steven says: "*nods in approval at Amethyst and turns to Pearl* Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*declines the offer too* I'll pass on the slumber pals."
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven says: "*walks off with the tray* Sleep it up, then!"
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "Right."
Pearl says: "*sits cross-legged and eyes half closed* Is..."
Pearl says: "this right?"
Steven says: "No, you should lay down."
Pearl says: "I get it now."
Pearl says: "*turns to lie down on her chest and puts up a pillow beneath her chin* Am I doing it?"
Steven says: "Well, that's way better than before."
Steven says: "*sits near Pearl* But close your eyes all the way."
Pearl says: "Okay."
Pearl says: "*closes her eyes* Alright."
Pearl says: "*nods her head* I'm sleeping now."
Pearl says: "I'm sleeping."
Steven says: "You can't talk while you sleep."
Pearl says: "*opens her eyes and glares at Steven* How is this even supposed to work?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "It's easy!"
Steven says: "*flops onto his stomach* You just lie down, get nice and comfy."
Steven says: "*puts his arms under his head* Don't move..."
Steven says: "And don't..."
Steven says: "think about..."
Steven says: "aaaaanything..."
Steven quickly falls asleep and begins to dream.
Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Gray wavy lines wipe across the screen and a sitcom stage, similar the Beach House, appears. Everything is in black and white. Steven and Pearl, kneeling next to Steven, are seen on the stage. Steven is wearing a tuxedo with his flip flops, while Pearl, lacking her gem, is dressed like a sitcom mother in a polo tucked into waist high slacks. Canned applause plays as a narrator talks over the scene.
Narrator says: "Steven Universe was filmed before a live studio audience."
Pearl says: "Oh my goodness, Connie's going to be here any second now!"
Pearl says: "I can't believe it, your first school dance!"
Pearl says: "*adjusts Steven's bow tie* Let me just fix your tie, and—"
Amethyst off-screen.
Stop fussing over Steven like a baby!
Canned laughter is played, as Amethyst, dressed like a stereotypical masculine older sibling, rides down the stairs on a skateboard.
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "What did I tell you about riding that thing in the house?"
Amethyst says: "*rides past on her skateboard and waves at Steven* Have fun at your dance, dude!"
Amethyst says: "*rides up the stairs* Bunga-cowa!"
More canned laughter plays, as Pearl stands up and grunts in frustration, steam blasts out of her head, and chases after Amethyst.
Pearl says: "Amethyst, I'm gonna get you!"
Pearl and Amethyst disappear off the stage when the doorbell rings. Steven then runs to the door.
Steven says: "Just a second, Connie!"
Steven says: "*opens door* You won't believe what Amethyst just- Huh?"
Behind the door is Garnet, her back facing Steven, in a varsity jacket with a star insignia and jeans. The audience whoops, whistles and hollers at her appearance.
Steven says: "*in a snarky voice* Can I help you?"
Garnet turns around, revealing having only two wide eyes, and smiles widely.
Garnet says: "Chille tid!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hi, Garnet!"
Garnet says: "*walks into the house* Hey Steven."
Garnet says: "You gotta come to the beach tonight!"
Garnet says: "There's gonna be this huge bonfire party thing."
Steven says: "I can't go to that!"
Steven says: "I'm going to the big dance with Connie!"
Garnet says: "Wow."
Garnet says: "The big dance."
Garnet says: "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
The audience whoops and cheers at Garnet's comment.
Steven says: "Uh-huh!"
Steven says: "*gasps* She's here!"
Steven says: "*grabs the door handle* Okay, I'm ready for the big dance, Con—"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven opens the door to reveal Lapis Lazuli. In contrast to the black and white atmosphere, Lapis is in full color. Water is eerily flowing out of her eye sockets and open mouth. She looks up in silence, from the water sloshing from her eyes and mouth.
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Dimly colored blue eater rushes past Steven's feet onto the floor. Behind Lapis, a wave rises out of the water, casting a shadow over Steven. Steven looks up in horror, as the wave rises above Lapis' head, standing completely still.
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven wakes up from the nightmare, covered in sweat. Pearl is lying down next to him with her face up close.
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Steven, startled by Pearl's appearance, quickly gets up and leans against the window in fright.
Steven says: "Oh, man."
Steven says: "I fell asleep and had this weird dream."
Steven says: "I opened the door, and Lapis was there, and—"
Pearl says: "Well that doesn't make any sense."
Pearl says: "*matter-of-factly* Lapis is fused with Jasper at the bottom of the ocean."
Steven says: "*stares at Pearl*..."
Steven says: "You've never had a dream before, huh?"
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Pearl says: "I don't think so."
Steven says: "Well, Pearl, dreams don't always make sense."
Steven says: "*slumps to the floor* When you dream, the thoughts in your head get all mixed up into a weird movie."
Steven says: "And they're really hard to explain, which is why they're boring to listen to."
Steven says: "Like *sigh* this one time, I had a dream, where, like, these things..."
Steven says: "were being sold at the Big Donut, right?"
Steven says: "But the front door of the Big Donut shop led to the back of my dad's van?"
As Steven talks about his dream, Amethyst slowly wakes up and looks around.
Steven says: "So, I go into the van, and..."
Steven says: "Lion is driving, for some reason, but, he's driving really well."
As Steven continues his tale, Pearl looks away, bored, and yawns.
Steven says: "And..."
Steven says: "and then I say to him, I, I says..."
Steven says: "Lion."
Steven says: "*yawns* Lion, how did you learn to drive you, a, vv-van?"
Steven says: "Y-you can't even, you, you can't.."
Steven says: "bring..."
Steven says: "me..."
Steven says: "my..."
Pearl, bored of Steven's tale, decides to lie down on her side. Steven, drowsy from his own tale, begins to fall asleep again.
Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Gray wavy lines wipe the screen again and fade into a bright blue sky with small clouds. Steven then floats in, flying at high speed with a propeller on his back, whooping and hollering with his arms out. Dogcopter then flies up next to him.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "Dogcopter!"
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Copter!"
Steven says: "Sir!"
Steven says: "I'm one of your biggest fans, can I please have your autograph?"
Dogcopter turns his head to Steven and meows.
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Copter, please!"
Dogcopter flies down and away from Steven.
Steven says: "Hey wait!"
Steven says: "Where are you going?!"
Steven says: "!"
Dogcopter then speeds off with a jet of smoke behind him.
Steven says: "I hope the rumors about Dogcopter in the tabloids aren't true."
A large cloud floats towards Steven and morphs into Pearl's head.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hey, Pearl!"
Pearl's head moves toward Steven as she opens her mouth.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Don't eat me!"
Pearl's head chomps down on Steven with her mouth. She chews for a little, then spits Steven out like a rocket.
Steven says: "Oh, man!"
Steven says: "Thanks for the upgrade, Pearl!"
Steven says: "Now I can catch up with Dog—"
Amethyst then emerges from the water below on a miniature humpback whale.
Steven says: "Woah, Amethyst?"
Amethyst and the whale fly higher away as the screen fades to black. Steven, still flying, emerges into the darkness.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "This is..."
Steven says: "getting really weird."
Lapis says: "*quiet and distant* This is weird."
Steven says: "*halts his flight* Hey, that sounds a lot like—"
Lapis says: "*appears behind Steven* Steven!"
Steven says: "Lapis Lazuli!"
Lapis says: "Steven, what are you doing in here?"
Steven and Lapis slowly float upwards out of the darkness and into a blue ocean.
Steven says: "Uh, I know it's weird, but I'm just dreaming, so don't even worry about it."
Lapis says: "What?"
Lapis says: "No!"
Lapis says: "Steven, I'm trying to concentrate!"
Lapis says: "How are you here?"
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, are you okay?"
Lapis says: "Steven, please, I—"
Lapis says: "!"
Amethyst's distorted laughter is then heard, as her huge disembodied mouth appears in the background and engulfs Steven and Lapis.
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven slowly wakes up again, to the giggles of Amethyst.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Steven says: "*sees Amethyst giggling* Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Hey, what are you laughing at?"
Amethyst laughs and points up at a projection emitted from Pearl's, who is fast asleep, gem. In the dreamlike projection, Pearl is laughing and holding onto Rose, as the two ride a large slice of pizza on a wave like a surfboard. A childlike drawing of a smiling sun and crescent moon are seen in the background, along with the soundscape like an old phonograph.
Pearl Dream.
Rose Dream.
Dream Pearl screams in horror as Greg gags with a slice of pizza sliding out of his mouth. Pearl then wakes up, abruptly ending the dream projection, and sits up in exacerbation and disgust. Amethyst continues giggling.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "*turns at Steven* Uh..."
Pearl says: "yes, Steven?"
Steven says: "I had..."
Steven says: "another dream about Lapis."
Pearl says: "Oh, that's okay!"
Pearl says: "*throws her arms in the air* Dreams aren't real!"
Pearl says: "They're just "mixed up movies"!"
Steven says: "But I-I think I was talking to her."
Pearl says: "Wait."
Pearl says: "How do you know?"
Steven says: "I don't, but..."
Steven says: "I could just feel it."
Steven says: "She was yelling, and..."
Steven says: "she was really freaked out."
Pearl says: "What did she say?"
Pearl says: "Is she still in control?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "I don't know."
Time Skip - Later That Night.
Pearl says: "Steven, you could be using your dreams to connect with her mentally."
Amethyst says: "Can you do it again?"
Amethyst says: "Maybe Lapis can just tell you where they are."
Steven says: "I guess I have to go back to sleep!"
Steven says: "*lies down* Quick!"
Steven says: "Pearl, tell me about your dream so I can fall asleep!"
Pearl says: "M-my dream?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Come on, Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "It's for the greater good!"
Amethyst says: "Heh hah!"
Pearl says: "Ugh!"
Pearl says: "If I must..."
Pearl says: "*closes her eyes and breathes in* So, in my dream, I was..."
Pearl says: "wha?"
Steven quickly falls asleep and starts snoring, before Pearl can even begin.
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Wow."
Amethyst says: "He been sleep."
Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Gray wavy lines wipe the screen again and fade to Steven floating in the sky.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "I know this is a dream now!"
Elements from Steven's previous dreams and real life, such as Dogcopter, the sitcom stage and stairs, and pillows float past. Steven then floats off.
Steven says: "So I can imagine anything I want."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "*reaches into his pocket* Mashed potato!"
Steven says: "*pulls out a small grey fish* Hmm..."
Steven floats into the darkness again and begins doggy-paddling.
Steven says: "Now, how do I find Lapis?"
Sitcom Amethyst floats by.
Steven says: "Not Lapis."
A whale floats by.
Steven says: "Not Lapis."
Sitcom Garnet and a frustrated Pearl float by.
Steven says: "Not Lapis."
Steven then bumps into a mass of white fluff, tinted green.
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "You're not Lion!"
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven falls through the white fluff and lands on his back in a wet area bathed in green light.
Steven says: "Ow."
Steven says: "*rubs his head* What is this place?"
Steven then sees Lapis in a distance, grunting with effort and struggling to pull on a pair of water chains.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Lapis says: "Why do you keep coming back?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "I can't get distracted, I've got to hold us down with the weight of your planet's ocean!"
Lapis says: "*struggling to speak* I've got to keep her—"
Lapis says: "!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Lapis, tell me where you are!"
Steven says: "We can help you!"
Lapis stops struggling for a second to look at Steven. In that brief moment, the force she is struggling against doubles down and Lapis has to refocus her energy.
Lapis says: "I told you!"
Lapis says: "No!"
Lapis shrieks as she is then pulled under the surface. Behind Steven, Jasper erupts on the surface, gasping for air, with water shackles around her wrists and ankles. She falls on all fours, panting, then looks up to Steven.
Jasper says: "*panting*..."
Jasper says: "You!"
Steven says: "Jasper!"
Jasper says: "*crawls towards Steven* You!"
Jasper says: "YOU!"
Jasper says: "YOU!!"
Jasper says: "Gaahhhh- Guh!"
Jasper struggles against her restraints to reach Steven. She however loses her traction just in front of Steven, and gets dragged back to where she came from.
Jasper says: "Noooooooo-!"
Lapis then thrusts back out of the water surface, this time with her water wings outstretched and her clothes tattered. She collapses on the ground, grunting and gasping.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Lapis says: "*voice cracking* Can't you see?"
Lapis says: "I can't stop, not for a second."
Lapis says: "Don't look for me."
Lapis says: "I don't want your help!"
Steven says: "But—"
Lapis says: "Just let me do this for you!"
Steven says: "Lapis..."
Lapis says: "No!"
Lapis says: "I'm not Lapis anymore..."
Lapis says: "*wraps her water wings around her upper body* We're Malachite now."
Steven says: "Lapis, no!"
Lapis slides under the water with a whirlpool, and emerges from another whirlpool behind Steven as Malachite. The water starts to rise and submerges Steven underwater. Malachite opens her eyes and turns to stare at Steven, her upper pair of eyes narrowing in anger.
Malachite says: "GO!!!"
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Malachite forces Steven out of his dream, and Steven wakes up sweating.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Pearl says: "Steven, it's okay, we're here."
Amethyst says: "Did you see her?"
Steven says: "Yeah, she's still fused, and she's still in control, but I don't know for how long, and—"
Garnet then appears and enters Steven's bedroom.
Garnet says: "This..."
Garnet says: "is a weird party."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Steven, you're still awake!"
Steven says: "*starts speaking frantically* Amethyst was on a skateboard, and then Dogcopter meowed at me and was just not interested in what I had to say at all."
Steven says: "*looks away and mutters* And I might have some issues I need to work out, but - Lapis!"
Steven says: "She's out there and she's still—"
Garnet says: "*shushes Steven and puts a reassuring hand on his shoulder* I know you're worried, but there's nothing we can do right now."
Garnet says: "*picks up Steven and drops him near the other Gems* So let's take it easy."
Garnet says: "*cracks her knuckles* I'll show you how it's done."
Garnet steps backwards and flops face-first onto the ground.
Pearl says: "That's pretty convincing."
Steven says: "Garnet?"
The star iris closes in on Garnet, snoring and fast asleep, ending the episode.
END.