Open Int. Beach House.
Pearl and Garnet are seen getting onto the Crystal Temple Warp Pad.
Pearl says: "All right, we may be a while."
Garnet says: "Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "*reading a book titled Pretty Hairstylist* What?"
Amethyst says: "I'm busy."
Garnet says: "Amethyst, hold down the fort."
Amethyst says: "*puts down the book and lazily salutes* Aye, aye, Captain."
Amethyst says: "No surprises while I'm on duty."
Amethyst says: "Wha-!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Connie, holding Rose's Sword, suddenly barges through the door with Lion behind her.
Connie says: "*excitedly* Surprise!"
Connie says: "I'm early!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I was trying to tell you, Connie has sword training today."
Pearl says: "*covers her mouth in shock* Oh!"
Pearl says: "I completely forgot..."
Pearl says: "I'm so sorry, Connie.."
Amethyst says: "*clears her throat tauntingly* Very irresponsible, Pearl."
Pearl glares and groans at Amethyst.
Connie says: "Is this because of Jasper?"
Connie says: "Are you headed back North?"
Garnet says: "She's on the move."
Pearl says: "We can't have her just out there attacking random monsters for whatever reason."
Connie says: "Of course, be safe!"
Pearl says: "*smiles* That's my line."
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Got it."
Pearl says: "We'll train next week without Jasper hanging over our heads."
Garnet says: "Best case scenario."
Pearl and Garnet warp out.
Amethyst says: "Lucky break for you guys, you get the training day off."
Amethyst says: "*puts her arm over Connie's shoulder* So what do you wanna do?"
Open Ext. Beach House.
Steven and Connie proceed to spar with each other on the beach, with Amethyst sitting and watching them on a hand statue and Lion sleeping in the background. Steven summons his shield as Connie strikes on it with her sword. She strikes again and Steven ducks under, dodging it. He then summons his bubble shield around him, knocking Connie back. Steven summons two shields and throws them in succession at Connie. Connie then counters with her sword, deflecting the shields. Steven gasps as his shields fly back at him and jumps up floating into the air.
Connie says: "Hey, no fair!"
Steven says: "*giggles* Hey, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Did you see that?"
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "*laying on the rock hand, not paying any attention* S'up."
Steven says: "*lands on the ground and walks up to Amethyst* Are you even watching?"
Amethyst says: "Sure, what's it look like?"
Steven says: "Like you're not watching?"
Amethyst says: "*sits up* Oh, all right, Y'got me."
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts her feet into eyes and lays back down* Is that better?"
Steven says: "*laughs* Ewww..."
Connie says: "*laughs* Ewww..."
Steven says: "Gross!"
Connie says: "Gross!"
Steven says: "But yeah, that's better."
Steven says: "C'mon, Connie *summons his shield* Let's take it from the top!"
Connie says: "Okay!"
Steven and Connie get in positions, and Connie starts to strike repeatedly at Steven's shield. Amethyst's feet-eyes watch carefully at the two sparring, but quickly gets bored over time and close.
Steven says: "Did you see that?"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Pearl and claps* Excellent!"
Amethyst says: "Amazing!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl-fect."
Steven says: "*blushes* Aw, haha..."
Steven says: "I don't know..."
Connie says: "Not really, my stance is all wrong, and my grip is a little soft."
Amethyst says: "*stares at Connie and shapeshifts back to normal* Why are you worried about that little stuff for?"
Amethyst says: "It's not gonna matter in a real fight."
Connie says: "It does, though."
Connie says: "I blew it on my first, real magical mission!"
Connie says: "I was face-to-face with a monster, and I froze."
Connie says: "Maybe if I trained a little harder, I..."
Connie says: "could've handled it."
Amethyst says: "Sounds to me like you're too in your own head."
Amethyst says: "In a fight, you never know what's gonna happen, You just gotta go with it."
Amethyst says: "How can you get ready when you don't even know what you're getting ready for, huh?"
Amethyst says: "*stands up* Yeah, you can't be ready."
Amethyst says: "What you gotta be is loose."
Steven says: "*excitedly with starry eyes* I wanna be loose!"
Amethyst says: "Then you gotta go with the flow!"
Amethyst says: "Fighting's all about that feeling deep in your guts."
Amethyst says: "What do your guts feel like!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven's stomach starts to gurgle.
Steven says: "Hungry!"
Steven says: "?"
Connie giggles.
Amethyst says: "Mine too."
Connie says: "Well, we do need energy to practice."
Steven says: "*begins chanting with Amethyst* Snack break!"
Steven says: "Snack break!"
Steven says: "Snack break!"
Steven says: "Snack break!"
Trans. Ext. The Big Donut.
Amethyst brings Steven and Connie to the donut shop and peeks inside, seeing Sadie restocking a fridge inside.
Amethyst says: "*turns to Steven and Connie* Who wants donuts?"
Steven says: "I do!"
Connie says: "Maybe just one!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Lars* Great!"
Amethyst says: "It's on me."
Sadie says: "*quietly singing to herself* ♪ Mmmmm, like a burger."
Sadie says: "♪ *hears someone entering the store and quickly resumes stocking the shelf* Be right there!"
Sadie says: "*stands up at the counter* Welcome to the Big Donut, how can I he- Wha- Huh!"
Sadie says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Heeeey, donut girl."
Amethyst says: "It's me, donut boy."
Amethyst says: "You mind if I grab a couple of krullers?"
Amethyst says: "*leans over the counter and push Sadie aside* It's cool, I totally work here!"
Sadie says: "*shocked* What the..."
Sadie says: "?"
Steven says: "Sorry, Sadie."
Steven says: "That's just Amethyst being Amethyst..."
Steven says: "by not being Amethyst..."
Sadie says: "Oh, it's no problem, Steven."
Sadie says: "It's just a couple of donuts."
Amethyst turns around and walk out of the stop, carrying bundles of donut-filled bags in her arms.
Sadie says: "Okay, maybe it's a problem."
Steven and Connie empty their pockets and hand Sadie all of their money.
Trans. Int Beach City.
Steven, Connie, and Amethyst begin hanging out together and enjoying the pile of donuts on a bench. Amethyst then grabs three cans of soda and shakes one of them. She shuffles the cans behind her back and drop a can each to Connie and Steven. Connie pokes her can and opens it safely. Steven opens his can and a geyser of soda hits him in the face. Amethyst points and laughs at Steven while Connie looks disgusted. Amethyst then shakes her own can and hits herself in the face with a soda geyser, causing her to fall backwards off the bench. Steven and Connie look at her, and begin laughing together.
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Peedee is reading a newspaper at the fries shop while a flock of seagulls feed on fries on littered on the boardwalk. Amethyst, shapeshifted into a cat, and Steven begins running through and scaring away the seagulls, followed by Connie and Lion behind. The seagulls return, and the group runs back to scare them away again, much to Peedee's unamusement.
Trans. Ext. Beach City Funland.
Steven and Connie ride together on the Ferris wheel in a cart. Amethyst sits on top the next car, gazing up at the sky, and Lion sits inside the cart after her.
Trans. Beach.
Steven carries Amethyst, shapeshifted into a boombox, as Connie and Lion follow behind, all jamming to some music on the beach while carrying glowsticks and wearing glow bracelets.
Time-Skip - Evening.
Amethyst is then seen surfing on the water.
Amethyst says: "Come oooooooooon!"
Amethyst says: "*surfs off-screen, and surfs back in again* Come oooooooooon!"
Amethyst stops surfing and looks towards the shore, as Steven pops his head up out of the water in front of Amethyst. Connie is seen bouncing excitedly on the beach, while Sour Cream sleeps on a beach chair in the background.
Connie says: "I didn't bring a swimsuit!"
Amethyst says: "In the heat of battle, you're not gonna have a swimsuit, Connie!"
Connie says: "By Jove I guess you're right!"
Connie says: "*runs into the ocean up to Steven, laughing* I don't think I've ever had this much fun in one day!"
Amethyst says: "*surfing across the water in the background* Bungacowa!"
Steven says: "We should spend more time with Amethyst, she's the best!"
Connie says: "*splashes Steven* You're the best!"
Steven says: "*splashes Connie back* Nuh-uh!"
Steven says: "You're the best!"
Steven and Connie laughs, when the ground begins to rumble and the corrupted Biggs Jasper suddenly emerges from the water. Biggs walks onto the shore and shakes the water off her hair, prompting Sour Cream to immediately run away in fright. Biggs sniffs the air, notices Steven and Connie still in the water, and turns her attention towards them.
Steven says: "*smiles nervously* Uh, I remember you too, buddy..."
Steven says: "heh."
Steven quickly summons his bubble shield around himself and Connie. Biggs then leaps toward the pair, but is caught in midair by Amethyst's whip. Amethyst then swings back around on the surfboard and uses Steven's bubble as a ramp to jump onto Biggs. She then pulls her whip around Bigg tightly until she "poofs", causing Amethyst to fall to the ground. Steven and Connie then runs onto the shore to join Amethyst's side.
Connie says: "Amethyst, that was amazing!"
Steven says: "Whoa, are you okay?"
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Not a pretty win, but I'll take it."
Connie says: "That was the monster we fought in the snow."
Connie says: "At least, it looked like it was."
Amethyst says: "I think you'd remember a face like that."
Steven says: "Well, there were two of them."
Amethyst says: "*suddenly concerned* Two of them?"
The Snow Monster then emerges from the water, with Jasper riding on top of it.
Jasper says: "Rose!"
Steven says: "Jasper!"
Jasper says: "Glad I found you."
Jasper says: "I've decided to build my own army, where's the rest of yours?"
Steven says: "They're not here right now!"
Amethyst says: "Shhhhhh!"
Jasper says: "So it's just you lot?"
Amethyst says: "Doesn't matter, I'm gonna whip your butt all by myself!"
Amethyst lashes her whip at the Snow Monster, causing it to rear up and tosses Jasper off its back, before charging toward the group, who all dodge out of the way.
Amethyst says: "I got Jasper, you guys handle that dope!"
Amethyst charges off towards Jasper, while Steven, Connie, and Lion prepare to fight the Snow Monster. Steven summons his shield as Connie draws her sword.
Connie says: "Okay, we get a second chance at this."
Steven says: "Just stay together!"
The Snow Monster slams its foot at the pair, who quickly dodges to the sides. Meanwhile, Amethyst stands face-to-face with Jasper.
Jasper says: "I came here to fight Rose, not some runt!"
Amethyst says: "You think you can just keep showing up and picking fights with us?"
Amethyst says: "Agh, why don't you get a life!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Jasper says: "Fighting IS my life!"
Jasper says: "It's what I was made for!"
Jasper says: "*points at Amethyst* It's what you were made for too, runt!"
Amethyst says: "So?"
Amethyst says: "I've got other stuff goin' on."
Amethyst says: "I can fight just fine!"
Jasper says: "*easily catches Amethyst's whip* Well then, let's see it!"
Jasper tugs on the whip, pulling Amethyst towards her, and kicks her in the stomach, sending her flying backwards in the sand. Jasper then starts spin-dashing and runs over Amethyst eight times consecutively. Amethyst struggles to get up from the ground, after taking the barrage of attacks from Jasper.
Jasper says: "*towering over Amethyst* You're not even trying!"
Jasper says: "Is it because you know you're already a failure?"
Jasper says: "You're a quartz soldier, just like me."
Jasper says: "*disgusted* But you're not like me, are you?"
Amethyst gets up on her feet, while Steven and the others continue to fight the Snow Monster.
Jasper says: "Hahaha, you're small!"
Jasper punches Amethyst off the ground, rapidly punches her in the air, before slamming her back into the ground. Steven then notices Amethyst's demise, despite still engaging the Snow Monster in combat.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "?"
Jasper says: "Are you that desperate for troops, Rose?"
Jasper says: "That you keep a defect like this?"
Amethyst says: "*barely able to get on her feet* Rose said..."
Amethyst says: "I'm perfect..."
Amethyst says: "the way I am!"
Jasper says: "Then she had low standards!"
Enraged, Amethyst charges at Jasper with her spin dash.
Jasper says: "You could've been me!"
Jasper parries Amethyst's spin dash with her leg and kicks her into the air. As Amethyst falls back past Jasper, the scene slows down as the two comes face to face.
Jasper says: "And what are you instead?"
Amethyst slams head-first into the ground.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Connie says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst slowly gets up and looks back in fear at Jasper.
Jasper says: "Just a joke?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper headbutts Amethyst with her crash helmet, instantly poofing her and knocking her gem into the air. Steven and Connie gasp in horror as Jasper grabs tightly onto Amethyst's gem in mid-air.
Steven says: "Come on!"
Jasper says: "*squeezing Amethyst's gem in her hand* Time to get rid of this embarrassment."
Steven says: "Hyaaaa!"
Connie says: "Hyaaaa!"
Steven says: "*charges and leaps towards Jasper* Haaaaaah!"
Connie says: "*charges and leaps towards Jasper* Haaaaaah!"
Steven's gem starts glowing, enveloping the place in white light, as Stevonnie appears before Jasper. They kicks Jasper in the chest, causing her to stumble back and drop Amethyst's gem, which Stevonnie flings into the air with a somersault and then catches in their hand.
Jasper says: "You fused?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "*looks down at their body* Whoa!"
Stevonnie says: "I-I did."
Jasper says: "*enraged* You Crystal Gems would even fuse with a human!"
Jasper says: "?"
Stevonnie says: "*irritated* I don't wanna hear anything you say, unless it's "sorry"."
Jasper charges at Stevonnie with her crash helmet, but they easily blocks it at full force with Steven's shield and knocks Jasper backwards. Meanwhile, Lion emits a magical roar and sends the Snow Monster crashing into the sand next to Jasper. The Snow Monster then quickly gets up and attempts to flee into the ocean.
Jasper says: "Oh no you don't!"
Jasper grabs the Snow Monster by its tail and slams it back into the ground. Lion then joins Stevonnie's side and prepare to face Jasper as well, as Jasper mounts on top of the Snow Monster.
Stevonnie says: "*sets Amethyst's gem down on the sand* Wait here, I'll protect you."
Jasper says: "Head to head, just like I like it!"
Stevonnie says: "Ready when you are!"
Lion and the Snow Monster begins charging at each other. When the two meet, Stevonnie leaps off of Lion into the air and throws their shield at Jasper, who catches it easily. Jasper easily catches the shield, but in that moment, lets her guard down. Stevonnie then slams their sword down on Jasper's helmet, sending her crushing into the Snow Monster with enough force to poof it. Just at that moment, Amethyst's gem begins to regenerate. After much difficulty, Amethyst returns, sporting a different outfit than before.
Amethyst says: "*panicking* Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Connie!"
Amethyst says: "I'm back!"
Amethyst says: "Everything's gonna be fi- Huh?"
Amethyst stares in disbelief as she sees Stevonnie and Lion standing over Jasper, who is on one knee in a small crater, still reeling from Stevonnie's attack.
Jasper says: "*enraged* Fusion!"
Jasper says: "FUSION!"
Jasper says: "It's always fusion!"
Stevonnie says: "Are you ready to apologize?"
Jasper says: "*backs into the ocean with the Snow Monster's gem in hand* This was just a warmup!"
Jasper says: "Get ready for next time, Rose!"
Jasper says: "Jaspers don't give up!"
Jasper says: "Jaspers keep going..."
Jasper says: "until we get what we want."
Stevonnie says: "Hm, I guess she lives in the ocean now."
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Stevonnie, still in disbelief* You guys..."
Amethyst says: "won?"
Stevonnie says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "You're back!"
Connie says: "You're okay!"
Steven says: "*hugs Amethyst* Thank goodness!"
Amethyst says: "Uh, thank you guys!"
Amethyst says: "Heh..."
Steven says: "*excitedly* Did you see us?"
Connie says: "*excitedly* It was just like you said!"
Connie says: "You were in trouble and we just had to fight!"
Steven says: "Everything we knew just came together!"
Connie says: "We fused!"
Steven says: "*celebrates* We won!"
Steven says: "I can't wait to tell the others!"
Steven and Connie begins running off, laughing, with Lion following behind, leaving Amethyst alone on the beach.
Amethyst says: "Oh, good!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "*looks down somberly* You didn't need me at all..."
END.