Open Int. Steven's Room.
Steven and Amethyst are watching an episode of Crying Breakfast Friends! in his bedroom. In the cartoon, Crying Pear accidentally dropped his ice cream on the floor, and he and Sad Spoon start crying. Bawling Bacon then arrives, looks at the mishaps for a while and starts crying as well.
Amethyst says: "I don't get this cartoon, man, why don't they just eat that ice cream off the floor?"
Amethyst says: "They don't have to cry about it."
Crying Pear continues to cry, when the TV's signal suddenly starts glitching up.
Steven says: "Aw, not again."
Steven says: "It was doing this yesterday too."
Amethyst says: "Hang on, I got it."
Amethyst says: "*gets up and starts kicking the TV set on its side a few times* How about now?"
Amethyst says: "Gah!"
The TV set starts shaking and rumbling, to Amethyst's surprise.
Steven says: "*surprised* It's never done that before."
A flickering video of Peridot speaking gibberish then appears, before stabilizing and her dialogue becoming audible.
Peridot says: "This is Peridot transmitting on all frequencies from abandoned crystal system colony planet Earth, to Yellow Diamond."
Peridot says: "My mission has been compromised, my escort and informant *raises two fingers to indicate number* are gone and I am now stranded!"
Peridot says: "*yells desperately* Please send help!"
The transmission continues to repeat itself on the TV, as the Crystal Gems gather around and watch it together TV. Steven is then seen calling someone on his phone.
Steven says: "Okay, thanks."
Steven says: "*hangs up* Connie says it's on her TV too."
Pearl says: "But where could Peridot be broadcasting a signal that strong?"
Garnet says: "There's only one place."
Trans. Ext. Communication Hub.
Lion emerges out of a portal with Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst riding on his back. He then collapses off his feet from the weight of the Gems, and Steven pops out of his mane, gasping for air.
Steven says: "Lion, are you okay?"
Garnet says: "It's as I feared."
The Crystal Gems look at the Communication Hub, crudely reconstructed back together, glowing and shooting a beam of light towards the sky.
Pearl says: "It looks like Peridot somehow repaired the Communication Hub."
Pearl says: "Well, at least some of it."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "we just gotta wreck it up again, right?"
Steven says: "*turns to Amethyst* You guys should form Sugilite!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah..."
Amethyst says: "Well, it's up to Garnet, I guess."
Amethyst says: "*smiles a bit and turns to Garnet* What do you say?"
Amethyst says: "Shall we mash it up?"
Amethyst says: "..."
Garnet says: "No."
Amethyst says: "*shocked* But, don't we need to be huge like last time?"
Garnet says: "Last time was a disaster."
Garnet says: "Last time we fused, Sugilite went berserk."
Garnet says: "It's because of her that we can't even warp here anymore."
Garnet points towards the broken warp pad, smashed by a huge rock.
Garnet says: "*takes off her visor* I can be brash, you can be reckless."
Garnet says: "And we can both get carried away."
Garnet says: "*puts her visor back on, reflecting Amethyst off of it* So, for the time being, Sugilite is benched."
Garnet says: "What we need now is to be careful."
Garnet says: "*turns to Pearl, and Steven gasps* It's you and me, Pearl."
Garnet says: "Let's fuse."
Garnet says: "Come on, let's do this."
Pearl says: "I'm right behind you."
Steven says: "*running towards them* Woo-hoo!"
Steven says: "Fusion!"
Steven says: "Fusion!"
Steven says: "Fusion!"
Steven says: "Fusion!"
Garnet says: "Ready."
Pearl says: "*grunts and stretches* Hang on, it's been such a long time..."
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl's gemstone starts glowing too, as Amethyst walks next to Steven. Garnet and Pearl then begin to dance as "Enticement" plays in the background. Garnet throws Pearl into the air, and she spins mid-air before falling back down into Garnet's arms. Garnet catches her and they begin fusing together. A pillar of orange light begins to emanate from the Gems' prior position, and a fusion Gem emerges from the light pillar, pulling it apart like curtains, and dissipating it into small lightning dragonflies.
Fusion Gem says: "Gooooood evening, everybody!"
Fusion Gem says: "*struts over to Lion, Steven, and Amethyst and does a twirl* This is the lovely Sardonyx!"
Fusion Gem says: "Coming to you live from the soon-to-be-former Communication Hub!"
Fusion Gem says: "How are y'all doin' tonight?"
Amethyst says: "*sarcastically* Great..."
Steven says: "*gasps* Giant woman!"
Sardonyx says: "*brings two hands down in front of Steven* Oh my stars!"
Sardonyx says: "If it isn't Steven Universe!"
Sardonyx says: "We finally meet."
Sardonyx says: "So, what do you think?"
Sardonyx says: "*spins her torso a full 360°* Was I worth the wait?"
Sardonyx says: "*looks confused, followed by ecstatic* What am I saying?"
Sardonyx says: "Of course I was!"
Steven says: "*stands up with starry eyes* Wow, you're so articulated!"
Sardonyx says: "Well, aren't you the sweetest little charmer!"
Sardonyx says: "*brings her other pair of hands to Steven and starts squeezing him lightly* I could literally squish you right now!"
Sardonyx says: "It would not be hard."
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "*laughs while being squished* Ha-ha!"
Sardonyx says: "*brings Steven closer to her face* Sorry, I'm just so excited to be here."
Sardonyx says: "You see, I haven't exactly been myself lately."
Steven says: "*laughs along with Sardonyx and looks down at Amethyst and Lion* Fusion joke!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh..."
Sardonyx says: "*puts Steven down next to Amethyst and Lion* And jokes aren't the only thing I've got."
Sardonyx says: "*summons Pearl's spear, and taps herself on her shoulder, pretending to be distracted* Hm?"
Sardonyx says: "*throws the spear into the air* Oh!"
Sardonyx then summons Garnet's gauntlets and bumps them together, catching the spear in the middle just as it is falling down. The two weapons combine together and transforms into a war hammer, which Sardonyx hoists over her shoulder.
Steven says: "Are you gonna smash stuff with your war hammer?"
Sardonyx says: "*ponders* Hm..."
Sardonyx says: "'smash' is the word that one would use to describe what..."
Sardonyx says: "someone else might do."
Sardonyx says: "Controlled!"
Sardonyx says: "Surgical!"
Sardonyx says: "Graceful!"
Sardonyx says: "*jumps up and prepares a final hit at top of the Hub* Aaandd..."
Sardonyx says: "Powerful!"
Sardonyx says: "*stops just before hitting the Hub* But yes, occasionally, I am known..."
Sardonyx says: "to smash."
Sardonyx lightly taps the final column with her hammer and it falls through, shutting down the Hub. She jumps down the Hub and lands in front of Steven, Lion and Amethyst. She then spins her hammer away, dissipating it in a cloud of lightning dragonflies, and Lion tries to catch the dragonflies with his maw.
Sardonyx says: "Now, just remember everybody."
Sardonyx says: "If you ever have need of the lovely Sardonyx, let Pearl and Garnet know, I'll be there in a flash."
Sardonyx says: "*squats down* Literally."
Sardonyx then poofs away, separating back into Garnet and Pearl in their dance position. The two look at each other and start giggling and spinning together in triumph.
Garnet says: "Wooo!"
Steven says: "Wooo!"
Steven says: "*runs over to hug Garnet and Pearl* You guys were amazing!"
Pearl says: "*blushes* We were?"
Pearl says: "Oh, well that's good!"
Garnet says: "We were awesome!"
Garnet, Pearl and Steven keep laughing in joy, while Amethyst is seen crouching down, seemingly disappointed.
Pearl says: "Why don't we do that more often?"
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven is back in his bedroom watching Crying Breakfast Friends!, this time with Garnet.
Sad Spoon says: "Why, Pear?"
Sad Spoon says: "Why did you lie to me?"
Crying Pear says: "I didn't mean to-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Steven says: "Aw, Pear."
Steven says: "I'd forgive her."
Steven says: "Wouldn't you?"
Garnet scowls. The Temple Gate then opens and Amethyst walks outher room.
Steven says: "Oh, hey, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "*waves to Amethyst* You're missing Crying Breakfast Friends!!"
Amethyst says: "*approaches the refrigerator and opens it* That's okay, I'm fine."
Steven says: "But it's a really good one so far!"
Garnet says: "Not really."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "I'm recording it for later."
Steven says: "It's the signal again!"
Garnet says: "Peridot!"
Garnet says: "Pearl!"
Garnet says: "The signal is back!"
Pearl says: "Again?"
Garnet says: "We need to get back out there!"
Pearl says: "Right."
Pearl says: "Steven, where's Lion?"
Pearl says: "Amethyst, get your head out of the fridge!"
Garnet says: "Let's go, guys."
Amethyst gulps in sadness and closes the fridge.
Trans. Ext. Communication Hub.
The Crystal Gems and Lion arrive back at the Hub, which has been rebuilt and transmitting light again.
Garnet says: "*beckons to Pearl* I hope you're ready."
Pearl says: "You know I am."
Pearl and Garnet fuse into Sardonyx again.
Sardonyx says: "What's this?"
Sardonyx says: "An encore performance?"
Sardonyx says: "*leans in to Amethyst and Steven* Just couldn't get enough of me, could you?"
Sardonyx says: "*laughs* What are we waiting for?"
Sardonyx says: "Let the show begin!"
Steven watches in awe at Sardonyx at work. Amethyst sighs and begins singing "Tower of Mistakes".
Amethyst says: "♫ Maybe you're better off with her."
Amethyst says: "I think she's better for you."
Amethyst says: "I forgot how great it felt to be us."
Amethyst says: "Guess I got carried away."
Steven quickly notices Amethyst's despair and chases after her, as she walks away and looks at the broken warp pad Sugilite caused.
Amethyst says: "♫ I had to use you to make me feel strong."
Amethyst says: "But I don't care about that now."
Amethyst says: "I see a tower built out of my mistakes."
Amethyst says: "And it all comes crashing down."
Amethyst watches in disappointment as Sardonyx once again shuts down the Hub by knocking off the pillars in a controlled and elegant way.
Amethyst says: "♫ Is there something I can doo-oo?"
Amethyst says: "Is there something I can doo-oo-oo?"
Amethyst says: "Is there something I can doo-oo?"
Amethyst says: "Can I make it up to you?"
Sardonyx then separates back into Garnet and Pearl while Amethyst continues to grieve.
Steven says: "*ponders* Hmmm..."
Time Skip - Night-time.
Lion arrives back at the Hub through a portal, with only Amethyst and Steven riding him.
Steven says: "Peridot's been back here twice."
Steven says: "So the odds are good she'll come back again, right?"
Steven says: "Bam!"
Steven says: "*slams his fist into his palm* That's when we'll get her!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, bam!"
Steven says: "Garnet will be so impressed!"
Amethyst says: "And then she'll think I'm cool again!"
Steven, Amethyst and Lion hide behind some rocks to stake-out. Steven sticks a telescope through the hole in his rock and looks around.
Steven says: "Nothing, more nothing..."
Steven says: "*seems to spot Peridot on the horizon* Ah!"
Steven says: "There she is!"
Steven says: "*zooms in and see a cactus resembling Peridot*..."
Steven says: "No, wait, that's just a weird cactus."
Time goes by as the group continues to stake-out. Amethyst grows bored and frustrated, when she spots Steven moving his fingers together, but not touching them.
Amethyst says: "I don't think she's coming."
Amethyst says: "Uh, what are you doing?"
Steven says: "If you make your eyes blurry, it looks like there's a little magic sausage in between your fingers."
Amethyst says: "*attempts the trick* This is stupid."
Amethyst says: "It doesn't even work."
Steven says: "Try this!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, don't mess with my- *sees the "sausage"* Ooohh..."
Steven says: "*laughs* Well, even if we didn't catch Peridot, at least I taught you a great way to pass the time!"
Steven does the trick again standing up, when he sees a small green light zooming across the ground.
Amethyst says: "What!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven says: "I think I saw something!"
Peridot's escape pod is seen in the telescope.
Steven says: "It's Peridot's escape pod!"
Steven says: "She..."
Steven says: "fixed it somehow?"
Amethyst says: "But I thought we had it!"
Steven says: "Did she steal it from the temple?"
Steven says: "What's she doing up there?"
Steven says: "Enhance!"
Steven says: "*zooms in with the telescope* H-hey, for some reason, Peridot kinda looks like..."
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "*moves Steven from the telescope* Lemme see!"
Amethyst says: "Oh no."
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven and Amethyst are back in the house, staring at the TV, even though it is not turned on.
Steven says: "Why would Pearl rebuild the Hub?"
Steven says: "Maybe she's trying to study how it works?"
Amethyst says: "No, I don't think that's it."
Steven says: "Maybe she's trying to get us more channels?"
Steven turns on the TV, and it continues to glitch like before. Pearl then walks in behind Steven and Amethyst.
Pearl says: "*gasps, pretending to be surprised* Oh, this is no good!"
Steven says: "*gets nervous and awkward* What's wrong?"
Pearl says: "It's Peridot."
Pearl says: "She must've fixed the Communication Hub again!"
Pearl says: "Garnet, it's the Hub again."
Garnet says: "She's evading my future vision."
Garnet says: "No matter how many times I try, I can't see us finding Peridot."
Garnet says: "*smacks her lips* Come on, team."
Garnet walks off and Pearl follows. Steven and Amethyst continue looking at each other.
Trans. Ext. Communication Hub.
Pearl approaches the repaired Hub.
Pearl says: "I can't believe Peridot is giving us so much trouble!"
Pearl says: "But it hardly matters, right Garnet?"
Pearl says: "We can disable this tower as many times as we need to, together!"
Pearl says: "*awkwardly* Okay?"
Pearl says: "Okay."
Pearl says: "I'm ready."
Pearl says: "Are you ready?"
Amethyst says: "I know what she's doing."
Steven says: "You do?"
Garnet and Pearl are about to fuse again until Amethyst interrupts them.
Amethyst says: "Stop!"
Pearl says: "*gasps* I-Is something the matter, Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "You-you shouldn't..."
Steven says: "Pearl..."
Steven says: "*looks away* We saw you."
Pearl says: "What?"
Steven says: "You need to tell Garnet it was you!"
Garnet says: "I don't understand."
Pearl says: "I'm sorry..."
Pearl says: "I-It's just..."
Pearl says: "so much fun being Sardonyx with you."
Garnet drops Pearl in shock.
Garnet says: "That's why I couldn't see us finding Peridot."
Pearl says: "Wait!"
Pearl says: "Let me explain!"
Garnet says: "You've been fixing the Hub!"
Pearl says: "It really was Peridot!"
Pearl says: "T-The first time..."
Garnet says: "You tricked me!"
Pearl says: "No!"
Pearl says: "No, no, no, no!"
Pearl says: "We just needed a reason to fuse!"
Pearl says: "I just wanted to share a few more victories with you!"
Garnet says: "Those weren't victories!"
Amethyst says: "Wait, Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "*rushes in* You know, we're so much weaker than you!"
Amethyst says: "Fusing with you is like our one chance to feel..."
Amethyst says: "stronger!"
Garnet says: "Don't defend her!"
Garnet says: "Peridot is out there somewhere and Pearl's been distracting us with..."
Garnet says: "NOTHING!"
Steven can just only watch the commotion, not knowing what to do.
Pearl says: "Garnet..."
Garnet says: "THAT'S ENOUGH!!"
Garnet says: "Amethyst, fuse with me!"
Amethyst says: "But-!"
Garnet says: "*clenches her fist* Let's just get this over with."
Garnet and Amethyst proceed to fuse Sugilite bitterly. Sugilite winds up her fists and punches the bottom pillars at great force. The Hub then comes crashing down, enveloping the place in dust clouds. The dust clouds roll in on Steven and Pearl, as Pearl continues staring at the destruction, mortified.
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven and Amethyst are watching Crying Breakfast Friends! on TV again.
Crying Pear says: "Please, forgive me!"
Sad Spoon says: "Of course I forgive you!"
Pearl walks into the Beach house from the front door, and Garnet warps in. The two walk by each other without making eye contact or saying a word.
Amethyst says: "Man, it sure would be nice if things worked out the way they do in cartoons."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "It would."
Steven points the remote at the screen and turns off the TV, and the episode.
END.