Open Ext. Beach House, Night-time.
Concluding the events in "Lars' Head", Greg, Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl watch in immerse worry from inside the beach house. as Steven sends Connie off.
Steven says: "We'll be fine!"
Steven says: "I'll be right back."
Steven says: "I'm just gonna walk Connie out."
Steven says: "Don't worry!"
Steven says: "I'm not going back into space or anything."
Steven says: "*chuckles* They're never gonna let me out of their sight again."
Steven says: "Connie?"
Lion glares intently at Steven, when Connie walks off ahead. Steven and Lion run up to catch up with her.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "I know you got to get home and get some sleep, but once you're all rested up, I can't wait to tell you about everything!"
Steven says: "Being on Homeworld was crazy!"
Steven says: "After I turned myself in, they put me on trial!"
Steven says: "And Lars was there."
Steven says: "We got chased by killer robots."
Steven says: "Heh, what a wild ride that was!"
Steven says: "And uh..."
Steven says: "I'm really happy to see you again."
Steven grows concerned with Connie's silence.
Steven says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "A-Are you happy to see me, too?"
Connie says: "Of course I'm happy to see you, Steven."
Steven says: "Uhh, but?"
Lion walks up to Connie's side, still glaring at Steven.
Connie says: "But how could you just give yourself up like that?"
Steven says: "Well, first, I said I was my dad, and then I said I was my mom."
Connie says: "*scoffs* No."
Connie says: "I mean, you just gave up."
Steven says: "I had to."
Steven says: "They were gonna take all those people."
Steven says: "They were gonna take you!"
Connie says: "But what about our training?"
Connie says: "Stevonnie."
Connie says: "Jam buds."
Connie says: "I believed in us."
Connie says: "We could have done it together."
Steven says: "This is different."
Steven says: "This whole thing was my fault, but I knew that I could fix it all if I turned myself in."
Steven says: "And look!"
Steven says: "No one got hurt."
Steven says: "Well, except for Lars, but I saved him, too."
Connie says: "But..."
Connie says: "I'm hurt."
Steven says: "No, you're not."
Steven says: "You're safe."
Steven says: "You're here."
Steven says: "I'm here."
Steven says: "We're safe."
Steven says: "Everything's fine."
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "It's not, though."
Connie rides on Lion as they approach towards the sea.
Steven says: "You know, it was a tough decision for me to make, but it had to be done."
Connie says: "You don't get it."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Get what?"
Connie lowers her head in disappointment.
Connie says: "Let's go, Lion."
Lion glares disapprovingly at Steven, runs over the water, and warps away through his magical portal with Connie, as Steven watches on in perplexity.
Steven says: "*sarcastically* "Wow, Steven, that was so brave of you."
Steven says: "I'm so glad you're back."
Trans. Int. The Big Donut, The Next Day.
The next day, Steven goes to break the news with Sadie.
Sadie says: "What?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Sadie says: "*grabbing Steven by his shirt* And Lars is still in space?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Steven says: "Yeah, he is, but don't worry."
Steven says: "He's with some very nice Gems who are on the run from their Homeworld overlords."
Sadie says: "Oh, Laaaars..."
Steven says: "Sadie, he's fine."
Steven says: "We can go see him anytime through Lion."
Sadie says: "*tearing up* Glad he's not- At least he's some kind of..."
Sadie says: "alive?"
Sadie says: "You..."
Sadie says: "told his parents, right..."
Sadie says: "?"
Steven says: "You're kind of my practice run for that."
Steven and Sadie exit the Big Donut.
Sadie says: "*sighs* Let's do this quick."
Sadie says: "I can't be away from work too long."
Sadie says: "I'm basically their only employee now."
As they begin walking on the boardwalk, Steven and Sadie encounter a protest crowd in front of Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven says: "Whoa, what's going on?"
Male Citizen says: "We're sick of it!"
Steven and Sadie push their way through the crowd and witness the lead advocate, who turns out to be Nanefua Pizza, standing on a soapbox and speaking through a megaphone.
Nanefua says: "Am I right about it?!"
Nanefua says: "!"
Nanefua says: "Aliens nearly abducted the whole town."
Nanefua says: "And what did Mayor "Billiam" Dewey do about it?"
A Beach City citizen scratches his head and shrugs.
Nanefua says: "That is right!"
Nanefua says: "Jack, and squat!"
The crowd resumes shouting, while Steven watch on anxiously.
Sadie says: "Steven, I'm going to Lars' parents' house."
Steven says: "Okay, I'll catch up with you."
Nanefua says: "And that is why you should vote for me, your favorite Nanefua, for mayor of Beach City!"
The crowd cheers in favor.
Nanefua says: "When I say "Do we want Dewey?"
Nanefua says: "", you say "No."
Nanefua says: "" Do we want Dewey?"
All says: "No!"
except Steven says: "No!"
Nanefua says: "Do we want Dewey?"
All says: "No!"
except Steven says: "No!"
Nanefua says: "Okay, good job."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "*types a message for Connie on his phone* "Can't hang today."
Steven says: "Mayor D's getting blamed for Gem stuff, and it's totally my fault."
Trans. Int. Mayor's Office.
Steven pays a visit to Mayor Dewey in his office, as he looks on at the protesters outside his window.
Mayor Dewey says: "I don't know, Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "This doesn't look good."
Steven says: "How's this?"
Steven holds up his own protest sign that reads "Dewey's Great ♡".
Mayor Dewey says: "Oh."
Mayor Dewey says: "That looks great!"
Mayor Dewey says: "But I may need more."
Mayor Dewey says: "My gosh."
Mayor Dewey says: "I've never had an opponent before."
Mayor Dewey says: "Even when I ran for mayor of high school, I ran unopposed."
Mayor Dewey says: "Probably because..."
Mayor Dewey says: "I made up the position."
Steven says: "If only I could've warned you about this abduction stuff sooner, then everything would be fine now."
Steven says: "I really dropped the ball."
Mayor Dewey says: "You're right, Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "This is all your fault."
Mayor Dewey says: "Huh."
Steven says: "How about we call an impromptu town meeting on the boardwalk?"
Steven says: "I'll tell everyone what happened and how you weren't involved at all, and everyone'll feel better and vote for you in the next election."
Mayor Dewey says: "All right, Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "The ball's back in your court."
Mayor Dewey says: "Just, uh..."
Mayor Dewey says: "don't drop it again, huh?"
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Mayor Dewey drives Steven in his van onto the boardwalk, and Steven begins speaking to the crowd through a megaphone.
Steven says: "So, in conclusion, Mayor Dewey had nothing whatsoever to do with the abductions."
Steven says: "Everything was my fault because I unknowingly provided some space Gems with a list of names and put everyone in danger."
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey would never do anything to purposefully endanger the town."
Steven says: "He basically just keeps a low profile and doesn't get involved in much of anything."
Female Citizen says: "Yeah, maybe he should be involved!"
Male Citizen says: "He's the mayor!"
The crowd cries out in disapproval.
Steven says: "Thanks for listening, and please vote for him in the next Beach City mayoral election."
Mayor Dewey says: "Oh, ho, ho, yeah!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*grabs the megaphone from Steven* Hello, everyone."
Mayor Dewey says: "Thanks for coming."
Mayor Dewey says: "Wow!"
Mayor Dewey says: "This whole abduction business was a real close call, huh?"
Mayor Dewey says: "*wipes off his sweat, splashing them onto Steven* Woo."
Mayor Dewey says: "But look around you."
Mayor Dewey says: "Everyone is safe and accounted for."
Sadie says: "That's not true!"
Sadie says: "What about my friend Lars?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Who?"
Sadie says: "What?"
Sadie says: "Lars!"
Sadie says: "Lars Barriga?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Sadie says: "Mr."
Sadie says: "and Mrs."
Sadie says: "Barriga's son!"
Sadie says: "Did you even know he was still missing?"
Sadie says: "Did you know he was still somewhere in SPACE?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Sadie says: "WHAT KIND OF MAYOR DOESN'T KNOW WHEN HIS OWN PEOPLE ARE LOST IN SPACE?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Sadie says: "?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Dante, Martha and Sadie begins to tear up in anger.
Mayor Dewey says: "The donut boy?"
Mayor Dewey says: "*turns to Steven* Is that why the donut shop was closed this morning?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Do not, worry!"
Mayor Dewey says: "I will do everything in my power to hire a new donut boy."
The crowd boos at Mayor Dewey's proposal.
Steven says: "No!"
Sadie says: "You've got to be kidding me!"
Martha throws a tomato right into Mayor Dewey's face.
Time-Skip; Dusk.
Steven shows Mayor Dewey a looped video of Mayor Dewey getting tomato'd in the face on his phone.
Mayor Dewey says: "How did this get on the Internet so fast?"
Mayor Dewey says: "I didn't invite any press to this event."
Steven says: "Someone posted it on TubeTube."
Steven says: "Only 12 people have seen it."
Mayor Dewey says: "12 people?!"
Mayor Dewey says: "!"
Mayor Dewey says: "That's half the town!"
Mayor Dewey says: "I'm finished, Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "I don't know of many political figures that have made a comeback after getting a tomato to the face."
Mayor Dewey takes Steven's phone and watches the video in somber.
Mayor Dewey says: "Oh, again, and again, and again, and again."
Steven says: "You need to stop looping that!"
Steven says: "Look, we're gonna get through this together, okay?"
Steven says: "Tomorrow is the big debate."
Steven says: "You still have one more chance to win back the town's love."
Mayor Dewey says: "But Steven, some of the things people have been saying about me are really painful and mean."
Steven says: "We've just got to change the conversation."
Steven says: "We can start, with this."
Mayor Dewey says: ""How to talk to people"?"
Steven says: "I'm going to get you ready for that debate, even if it takes all night."
Trans. Beach City Stage; The Next Day.
A stage is set up on the beach with a banner reading "Speech-A-Palooza". A crowd is gathered in front of it, murmuring to themselves. Steven and Mayor Dewey are seen at the side of the stage, with visible eye bags beneath their eyes.
Steven says: "All right."
Steven says: "*yawns* Today's the day."
Steven says: "You got your note cards, you look great, and if anyone brings up the alien invasion thing, I wrote a bunch of Ocean Town jokes for you to use."
Mayor Dewey says: "Aww, shucks, Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "You're like the son I never had."
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "have a son."
Mayor Dewey says: "I know that."
Mayor Dewey says: "You're..."
Mayor Dewey says: "just very different from him, is all."
The crowd begins chanting "Speech!", Mayor Dewey whines in anxiety and Steven offers a hug to Mayor Dewey.
Steven says: "I'm rooting for you, Dew Drops."
Mayor Dewey says: "*weakly* Thanks."
The crowd keeps chanting as Mayor Dewey and Nanefua take their stands on-stage. The curtains then rise and the crowd quickly shushes themselves.
Mayor Dewey says: "*clears his throat* People of Beach City."
Mayor Dewey says: "You might think that being a mayor is a fine and glamorous sort of thing."
Mayor Dewey says: "I can understand why my opponent would want the position."
Mayor Dewey says: "But I've been mayor of this city for a decade, and I know some things that Ms."
Mayor Dewey says: "Nanefua does not."
Mayor Dewey says: "You see, when you're the mayor, you get blamed for everything."
Mayor Dewey says: "When the boardwalk has termites, it's the mayor's fault."
Mayor Dewey says: "When aliens steal people, it's the mayor's fault."
Mayor Dewey says: "When the mayor crashes the mayor mobile into the only cell tower in town, it's the mayor's fault."
Mayor Dewey says: "Most people can't handle that kind of pressure, but I can!"
Mayor Dewey says: "So, I say to you, Beach City citizens, just enjoy our wonderful ocean breeze and don't worry about a thing."
Mayor Dewey says: "Just let Dewey "do it" for you!"
The crowd murmurs among themselves, but approves of the statement and lightly applauds.
Steven says: "*pump his fist* Nice!"
Nanefua says: "You know, Mayor Dewey, you are right."
Mayor Dewey says: "I am?"
Mayor Dewey says: "A-About what?"
Nanefua says: "I have blamed you for too many things, and that is not helping."
The crowd begins murmuring among themselves.
Steven says: "What?"
Nanefua says: "Blaming our problems completely on the mayor is not getting us anywhere."
Nanefua says: "When one of us suffers, the town suffers."
Nanefua says: "When you suffer, Mayor Billiam, the town suffers."
Nanefua says: "So, no longer will I point my fingers at you."
Nanefua says: "I will extend all my fingers on both my hands to everyone here today and ask that we share responsibility for the welfare and safety of Beach City, together!"
Nanefua says: "Thank you."
The crowd cheers heavily and begins chanting for "Nanefua".
Steven says: "You got this, Mayor Dewey."
Mayor Dewey stammers, accidentally slips his notes everywhere, and attempts to read one of the notes provided.
Mayor Dewey says: "Uhh..."
Mayor Dewey says: "Did you ever notice how people from Ocean..."
Mayor Dewey says: "Town- Oh, who am I kidding?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Beach City deserves a real mayor."
Mayor Dewey says: "Someone wise and collected like Ms."
Mayor Dewey says: "Nanefua."
The crowd murmurs among themselves again.
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "No, no-no!"
Mayor Dewey says: "I withdraw from the race."
Mayor Dewey says: "*shakes Nanefua's hand* You can find the key to the city under the..."
Mayor Dewey says: "city welcome mat."
The crowd cheers as Bill Dewey, resigning his position as Mayor, walks offstage sighing. A shocked Steven then chases after Bill Dewey.
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey, what're you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Y-You can't just throw the election like that."
Steven says: "W-We could still win!"
Bill Dewey says: "Well, I know it's not very traditional to do that in the middle of a debate, but, why drag it out?"
Steven says: "We could have won!"
Steven says: "I- I really believed in you!"
Steven says: "I really believed in us!"
Bill Dewey says: "Well, you were wrong."
Bill Dewey says: "What do you want me to say?"
Steven says: "How about, "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "We were in this together, and I let you down"?"
Bill Dewey says: "Come on, Universe."
Bill Dewey says: "You know she's gonna be a better mayor than me."
Bill Dewey says: "It was the right thing to do."
Steven says: "I guess, but..."
Steven says: "I still feel..."
Steven says: "betrayed."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "That's probably how Connie feels."
Bill Dewey says: "Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about, but I've got to find a new job."
Bill Dewey walks off, humming a tune to himself. Steven then gets out his phone as he attempts to call Connie.
Trans Int. Beach City, Dusk.
Back at home, Steven glances at a photo of Connie in his room, as he still desperately waits for Connie's answer on his phone, to no avail.
END.