Open Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries, Evening.
Steven, with Connie, is getting a bag of fry bits from Peedee at the fry shop.
Steven says: "Thanks for the bits, Peedee."
Steven says: "*walks off with Connie* Oh, and tell Ronaldo I hope his weird rash clears up soon."
Steven and Connie sit on a bench and begin eating the fry bits.
Steven says: "Life can get really intense, huh?"
Connie says: "Yeah, especially your life."
Connie says: "Let's see, alien abduction."
Steven says: "Going to a weird zoo for humans in space."
Connie says: "And sneaking out past a pair of intergalactic tyrants!"
Steven and Connie laugh together.
Steven says: "*takes a fry bit from the bag and lifts it up to the sky* Well, it's nice to know that we can still have peaceful days like this without any trouble."
Steven flicks the fry bit and attempt to catch it in his mouth, but fails, and he laughs.
Connie says: "Almost."
Steven and Connie look over and spot Doug speaking through a megaphone by his car.
Doug says: "Drop those fry bits!"
Doug says: "Drop em'!"
Steven says: "Oh no, it's the cops!"
Connie says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "All the years of ordering off menu have finally come back to taunt me!"
Connie says: "You meant haunt you?"
Steven says: "I surrender!"
Steven says: "*gets off the bench and runs towards Doug* I knew I was breaking the rules but, I did it anyway!"
Steven says: "The bits had their hooks in meeee."
Connie says: "*runs over to Steven, laughing* Dad, quit joking around!"
Doug says: "Come on, Connie I almost had him!"
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Maheswaran!"
Steven says: "?"
Doug says: "*puts his megaphone in his car and walks over to Steven* Wow, I didn't think he would take it that seriously."
Doug says: "*squats down* You okay there Steven?"
Steven says: "Oh, yeah, I love it down here."
Doug says: "And how's my swashbuckling swashbuckler doing?"
Connie says: "I'm good."
Doug says: "You know, Steven, maybe you're dehydrated."
Doug says: "Probably from eating all that garbage before dinner."
Steven says: "Respectfully, fry bits are not garbage."
Connie says: "Don't worry, Steven, he's just messing with you."
Doug says: "*chuckles* Sorry Steven, Let's get you up."
Steven, Connie and Doug walk over to Doug's car.
Connie says: "So what are you even doing in Beach City, Dad?"
Doug says: "*takes a note from his car* I'm out here on a job, actually."
Doug says: "The private security company I work for got a call from a Mr..."
Doug says: "Harold Smiley, stating that someone's been lurking around Funland after hours."
Doug says: "So I'll be here all night."
Doug says: "On..."
Doug says: "*grabs his glasses and the lenses shine* A stakeout!"
Steven says: "Woah, a stakeout!"
Connie says: "Dad, that's so cool!"
Doug says: "Yeah, it is pretty cool, huh?"
Doug says: "*blushes* Protecting the citizens of Beach City."
Doug says: "Just like you guys!"
Connie says: "Wouldn't that be fun, Steven?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "I'd love to go on a stakeout sometime."
Doug says: "Maybe you guys, could help out tonight."
Steven says: "What?!"
Connie says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "!"
Connie says: "Even though we're not officially sanctioned security personnel?"
Doug says: "Hey, why not."
Doug says: "It's probably just some kid loitering- Hey, kid!"
Doug calls out to Onion, leaning against a lamppost, and he waves at Doug.
Doug says: "Yes, hello!"
Doug says: "?"
Doug says: "The sign above you says "no loitering"!"
Onion shrugs and walks off.
Doug says: "They get younger every year."
Doug says: "So, ya'll ready for this?"
Doug says: "Some of these teens can use some pretty strong language."
Connie says: "Hey Steven, you wanna help ruin some teen's night?"
Steven says: "Always."
Trans. Beach City Funland, Night-time.
Steven and Connie joins Doug in his stakeout in his car, parked outside of Funland.
Steven says: "*whispering* Coast is all clear behind us."
Connie says: "Things seem pretty quiet so far."
Doug says: "Well yeah, nobody's gonna even try hopping the fence with us here."
Doug says: "But you never know, sometimes, I actually leave the car."
Steven says: "Wow!"
Connie says: "Wow!"
Doug says: "I'm sure you guys do lots of waiting when you're saving the world."
Doug says: "It can't be all "bam pow" action all the time."
Steven says: "Aww, I wish."
Steven says: "There's a lot of fighting, I mean, I kind of inherited an intergalactic war."
Connie says: "*rummages through a box in the car* Hey Dad, what's this box?"
Doug says: "Oh, I just..."
Doug says: "confiscated that from a kid who was shoplifting in a costume shop."
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "*takes a fake mustache out and puts it on* You could totally use these for disguises!"
Steven says: "Don't you ever need to go.."
Steven says: "Undercover?"
Doug says: "How do you know I'm not undercover right now?"
Steven and Connie look surprised.
Doug says: "Just kidding."
Doug says: "*chuckles* I need these to see."
Doug says: "But if you guys want to play with that stuff, go ahead."
Connie says: "Okay, well I want to be undercover."
Connie says: "I'll be.."
Connie says: "*wears a red hat and coat* Veronica Cucamonga."
Steven says: "*wears a green cap, and in an Italian accent* It's a-me, Peter Pizzapoppolis, from Italia!"
Connie says: "Pizzapoppolis?"
Connie says: "That sounds Greek."
Connie says: "You sure you don't want anything Dad?"
Connie says: "There's a clown nose back here."
Doug says: "No thanks, being a security guard is no joke."
Doug says: "Which is why, they equip us with these."
Connie says: "Wow, a flashlight!"
Doug says: "Yeah."
Doug says: "It gets pretty dark out there."
A loud crash is then heard.
Doug says: "What was that!"
Doug says: "?"
The trio walks up to the locked front gates of the fun fair, finding out it has been broken in.
Steven says: "Mama mia the fence-a!"
Doug says: "How on Earth did this happen?"
Doug says: "If this were some punk with a pair of bolt cutters, this would have been a clean cut."
Doug says: "*leans down and grabs a piece of the broken fence* But this chain looks like it was torn apart."
Doug says: "This was no kid."
Connie says: "Well, if it wasn't a misguided teen, what could it be?"
Doug says: "It's up to us to find out!"
Doug says: "Sounds like we better investigate."
Doug says: "Cucamonga, Pizzapoppolis."
Connie says: "Right!"
Steven says: "Right-a!"
The trio begin walking into the fun fair, when Connie notices a ripped piece of fabric on the broken fence.
Connie says: "Huh?"
Doug says: "Hello?"
Doug says: "This is security!"
Doug says: "You are trespassing on private property."
Doug says: "Do not attempt to make yourself a corn dog."
Doug says: "Funland Incorporated is not liable for the harm you may incur on trying to operate a deep fryer without a license."
Steven says: "You need a license to operate a deep fryer?"
Another loud crash is heard.
Connie says: "Woah."
A big shadow appears in the light beam of Doug's flashlight.
Doug says: "Hey, stop right there!"
The trio runs towards the shadow and takes cover behind a booth.
Doug says: "Follow my lead."
The trio somersault one-by-one across the ground and Doug shines his flashlight ahead.
Doug says: "Don't move!"
There is no one is sight ahead.
Connie says: "Did we lose them?"
Steven says: "Which a-way did they go so fast-a?"
Doug says: "Mouths closed, eyes and ears open."
The trio cups their hands around their ears to listen out for any sound, and hears the door of the Hyper Space ride creaking.
Doug says: "Bad move chump, that space ship's permanently earthbound."
The trio runs into the ride.
Doug says: "Gotcha!"
Doug says: "I mean freeze!"
Doug says: "Oh, man."
Doug shines his flashlight around, finding no one inside the ride.
Doug says: "Are we dealing with some sort of escape artist?"
Connie says: "*walks up to the control panel in the center* Hey Steven, maybe we should get our weapons."
Doug says: "That won't be necessary."
Doug says: "We're not here to escalate the situation."
Doug says: "Besides, a good security guard only needs their trusty flashlight."
Suddenly, the door of the ride creaks and slams behind Doug.
Doug says: "Hey!"
Doug says: "*pulls on the door handle* Open up this instant!"
Connie says: "Yeah, let us out!"
Connie and Steven assist Doug in attempting to open the door, when the lights turn on, and the ride starts moving.
Steven says: "The ride's moving!"
Connie says: "The ride's moving!"
The trio are forced against the walls of the ride, as it spins them around at a high speed.
Connie says: "We gotta shut it off!"
Doug says: "Don't worry!"
Doug says: "I'll just use my trusty flashlight!"
Doug throws the flashlight towards the "Off" button of the control panel, but the force of the spinning ride prevents it from reaching at all.
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Connie says: "The laws of physics!"
The flashlight flies back towards Doug, hitting him in the face.
Doug says: "Ouch!"
Connie says: "You okay, dad?"
Doug says: "Yeah, I've got a new idea, though."
Doug says: "This time, I'll throw it at a angle!"
Doug says: "Go!"
Doug throws the flashlight again, causing it to bounce all around the ride and hitting the three of them in the head multiple times. The trio screams in panic as the ride keeps on spinning.
Steven says: "We got to get out of this s."
Steven says: "p."
Steven says: "i."
Steven says: "c."
Steven says: "y meat-a-ball!"
Steven pushes himself off the wall and lands on the center of the ride.
Steven says: "Hey, this part isn't moving at all!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Doug says: "*gets hit by the flashlight again* Augh!"
Steven says: "Sorry!"
Steven pushes the "Off" button on the control panel, and the ride stops. Steven kicks the door open and the trio crawl out of the ride groaning.
Doug says: "Listen, you..."
Doug says: "bodybuilding escape artist criminal."
Doug says: "This isn't a game."
Doug says: "You've endangered a officer of the law and two small children."
Doug says: "Show yourself before you get into serious trouble!"
Connie says: "Steven, do you think it's some sort of..."
Connie says: "Gem Mutant or Monster?"
Steven says: "It could be, but, it trapped us."
Steven says: "The monsters and mutants aren't that smart."
Connie says: "Could, we be dealing with a Homeworld Gem?"
Doug says: "Homeworld?"
Doug says: "Gem?"
Doug says: "Mutant?"
Doug says: "I, uhh..."
Doug says: "Well, whatever it is, if someone's trespassing, they'll have to answer to me!"
Doug switches the batteries of his flashlight and shines it on his face, casting an intimidating shadow on his face. The trio then continues searching around Funland for the trespasser.
Connie says: "It's so.."
Connie says: "quiet."
The streetlights suddenly turn on and music starts playing, causing the trio to gasp in shock.
Doug says: "I can't believe this."
Doug says: "They're mocking us!"
Doug says: "Show yourself!"
Doug says: "What is it that you want here?!"
Doug says: "!"
Doug says: "Prizes?"
Doug says: "Fun?"
Doug says: "You think this is the place to get your kicks?"
Doug says: "*approaches the ring toss booth* You sick monster."
Doug says: "Destroying the sanctity of this land of fun!"
A small shadow appears above the ring toss booth.
Connie says: "Behind you!"
The fence enclosing the ring toss booth falls onto Doug.
Connie says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Maheswaren!"
Doug says: "Ughh..."
Doug says: "Don't worry, I'm fine."
The shadow runs past the trio.
Doug says: "*gasps* There they are!"
Connie says: "Come on Steven!"
Doug says: "I'm right behind you!"
Connie says: "You're not getting away this time!"
The shadow knocks over a trash can, which Connie and Steven simply run past, and a gumball machine, causing gumballs to scatter across the ground.
Connie says: "That's a lot of gumballs!"
Steven says: "Jump!"
Connie jumps and Steven grabs her hands, floating the two of them over the gumballs. They eventually chase the shadow to a dead end.
Connie says: "It's time to give up!"
Steven says: "There's no way out!"
Doug says: "Gumballs?"
Doug says: "A-A-Aaah!"
Doug trips over the gumballs and falls behind of Connie and Steven. He then gets up and walks towards them.
Doug says: "Huh..."
Doug says: "Hey, kids."
Connie says: "The culprits at the end of this corner, Dad."
Doug says: "Good work you two."
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "Onion!"
Onion turns and looks towards them squinting.
Doug says: "You?"
Doug says: "What are you doing here?"
Doug says: "We're in the middle of a very important investigation."
Connie says: "Dad, I think this is who's been causing all this trouble."
Steven says: "Onion, it's me, Steven."
Steven says: "*takes his fake mustache and cap off* Steven Universe."
Onion runs up to Steven and starts murmuring frantically, hiding behind Steven.
Steven says: "That's just Mr."
Steven says: "Maheswaren."
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, did you think a bunch of strangers were chasing you?"
Steven says: "No wonder you were trying to throw us off your trail."
Steven says: "Onion, everything's okay."
Onion smiles and steps back.
Doug says: "*walks up to Onion* It can't just be a kid!"
Doug says: "It doesn't make any sense!"
Doug says: "What about that huge shadow?"
Connie turns Doug's flashlight on and shines it on Onion, casting a big shadow behind him.
Connie says: "I think the flashlight just made him look big."
Doug says: "But the fence was ripped apart!"
Steven says: "I have seen him use a blowtorch before."
Connie says: "*reveals the fabric she found earlier* I also found this piece of fabric stuck in the fence."
The trio look over at Onion, who notices a tear in the heel of his clothes.
Doug says: "*groans* Of course."
Doug says: "It's never actually something."
Connie says: "What's wrong?"
Doug says: "Nothing's wrong, it's just..."
Doug says: "My job isn't the exhilarating adventures you've been having with Steven."
Doug says: "Or the life-threatening emergencies your mom deals with at the hospital."
Doug says: "The most action I see is telling kids to quit loitering around."
Doug says: "I was hoping maybe you'd get to see me take on a serious job."
Doug says: "But, I guess all I'm good at is being your silly, old dad."
Connie says: "You're right, you are silly."
Connie says: "But that's why I like hanging out with you."
Connie says: "I've got enough serious things going on in my life."
Connie says: "Sometimes I just wanna spend time with my dad."
Doug says: "*smiles back* Thanks."
Doug says: "You're a keeper, Veronica Cucamonga."
Connie laughs at her dad's silliness.
Trans. Beach City Funland.
The trio leads Onion out of the fun fair.
Doug says: "Well, kid."
Doug says: "This may have been a big misunderstanding."
Doug says: "But you're still in trouble for this fence."
Onion looks at the fence and shakes his head.
Doug says: "Oh, yes you are."
Steven says: "Just let him off the hook on this one."
Steven says: "We already scared him straight."
Connie says: "The law must be different for someone his age."
Doug says: "*sighs* You learned your lesson?"
Onion does a single nod.
Doug says: "Then you're free to go."
The trio then gets into Doug's car. Doug starts up the engine as Steven waves goodbye to Onion.
Doug says: "And rememember kid, no loitering."
Doug says: "*backs the car up* I don't know how I'm gonna explain this back at the office."
Onion watches the car leave, as a large shadow and a smaller shadow with wings appear behind Onion. Eerie music begins to play, as Onion turns around in shock.
END.