Open Ext. Onion's House.
Sour Cream walks around from beside the house, greeting goodbye to Vidalia.
Sour Cream says: "Later, Mom!"
Sour Cream says: "Aw, yeah."
Sour Cream says: "This is gonna be sick."
Sour Cream walks up to a cart wagon, filled with his music producing gear, and places his laptop inside.
Sour Cream says: "Thanks again for helping me take all the stuff out, Steven."
Steven emerges out of the garage holding a box labelled "DJ Gear".
Steven says: "No problem!"
Steven says: "I've always wanted to be a roadie."
Steven says: "Whether they're lifting the heaviest equipment, fighting off crazy fans, or just offering moral support."
Steven says: "Roadies work behind the scenes to make all magic onstage possible."
Sour Cream says: "I only really needed the lifting, but I guess we'll see what happens tonight."
Sour Cream says: "Woah!"
Steven, with just one hand, hands Sour Cream the box, and he almost drops it, not expecting its heavy weight. He places the box inside the cart wagon, when Yellowtail returns, carrying a briefcase filled with fishes. Yellow notices Sour Cream with his music equipment and drops his briefcase in shock. He then starts chiding Sour Cream in his own murmur language.
Sour Cream says: "No, I can't be back before 10:00."
Sour Cream says: "I'm doing a show tonight, Yellowtail."
Yellowtail keeps chiding Sour Cream.
Sour Cream says: "It is too a viable career!"
Sour Cream says: "80 percent of Germans make their living deejaying!"
Sour Cream says: "Why can't you just accept that I don't want to be a fishermen like you?"
Steven says: "Ahhhh, bye Yellowtail."
Steven starts pushing the cart wagon and chases up to Sour Cream. Yellowtail then greets Steven goodbye unenthusiastically.
Steven says: "You okay, Sour Cream?"
Sour Cream says: "Yeah."
Sour Cream says: "I just can't deal with my stepdad on my case all the time."
Sour Cream says: "Why would I want to bring home fish when I can bring home sick beats?"
Sour Cream says: "If he has to "ma-ma-ma" so much about it, he doesn't have to come."
The duo then passes by It's a Wash, when Sour Cream halts the cart wagon.
Sour Cream says: "Ugh."
Sour Cream says: "All that arguing messed up my stomach."
Sour Cream says: "I'm gonna go use the bathroom."
Sour Cream runs off towards the car wash, when Greg, holding a sponge and hose, runs towards Steven.
Greg says: "Wait!"
Greg says: "Don't leave!"
Greg says: "Waxing is free!"
Greg says: "Oh."
Greg says: "What's up, schtu-ball?"
Steven says: "Just helping Sour Cream take his gear to the warehouse."
Greg says: "Oh, like a roadie, huh?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "W-what about you?"
Greg says: "Ahh, Same-old, same-old."
Greg says: "Not too busy."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "I'm sure it'll pick up soon."
Greg says: "Thanks, kiddo."
Just then, a large yellow-colored bus stops in front of the car wash.
Greg says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "Look at the size of that thing."
Greg says: "Steven, don't tell them about the free wax."
Greg walks up to the bus holding out his hose, but a middle-aged man, sporting an expensive and exquisite outfit, steps out of the bus.
Greg says: "Marty?"
Steven says: "You mean your rotten old manager?"
Steven says: "I'll protect you, Dad!"
Greg says: "Eh, Don't worry."
Greg says: "I got a hose."
Marty says: "So..."
Marty says: "*chuckles* This is where you work now, Star Child?"
Marty says: "A rundown old car wash?"
Marty says: "Guess the music biz wasn't as good to you as it's been to me."
Greg says: "Uh, hey, Marty."
Greg says: "Long time, no see."
Greg says: "This is my son, Steven."
Marty says: "Woah!"
Marty says: "Guess I'll call you Star Child Jr."
Marty starts laughing, as Steven shields his eyes from all the light reflection from Marty's outfit.
Steven says: "Ugh."
Greg says: "Anyway, uh, things are totally fine here in old Beach City, but, uh, if you need me to wash that huge bus of yours, it'd probably help me out."
Marty says: "Listen, Star Child."
Marty says: "I can do you one better than a carwash."
Marty says: "You and I have some unfinished business."
Marty proceeds to pull out an envelope from his jacket, when Sour Cream returns.
Sour Cream says: "Eh, sorry, Mr."
Sour Cream says: "U."
Sour Cream says: "I totally clogged up your toi- Woah!"
Sour Cream says: "Dad?!"
Sour Cream says: "!"
Marty says: "Sour Cream?"
Sour Cream says: "W-What are you doing here?"
Marty says: "Uh..."
Marty says: "*keeps the envelop* S."
Marty says: "C."
Marty says: "Oof!"
Marty says: "Just look at you."
Marty says: "When did you get so tall?"
Sour Cream says: "Uh, like nine years ago."
Marty says: "Whoa!"
Marty says: "*chuckles nervously and clears his throat* Sorry I've been gone so long, but you know how the music biz can be, riiight?"
Sour Cream says: "No."
Sour Cream says: "Can you tell me about it?"
Marty says: "Well, you see, the music industry is like a big bee hive or factory where..."
Steven stares at Marty and Sour Cream as Marty's explanation fades into the background.
Steven says: "Man..."
Steven says: "I can't believe they're related."
Greg says: "You don't see the resemblance?"
Steven starts examining the similarities between Marty and Sour Cream.
Marty says: "Also, in the Biz, they make it really hard to have any free time at all."
Marty says: "You gotta work long hours..."
Steven says: "Kinda?"
Marty says: "..."
Marty says: "every day, and on weekends."
Steven says: "Hey, Sour Cream."
Steven says: "Sorry to interrupt, but should I haul your equipment over to the warehouse while you catch up with your dad?"
Marty says: "What's this about equipment?"
Marty says: "*notices the cart wagon* Hello!"
Marty says: "What do you got going on over here, my friend?"
Sour Cream says: "Just getting ready to set up for this semi-annual DJ night rave thing I do in Beach City."
Marty says: "A rave, you say?"
Marty says: "Hmm..."
Marty says: "*snaps his fingers with an inspiration* S."
Marty says: "C."
Marty says: ", I have a great idea."
Marty says: "I've decided to hang out in Beach City and, um..."
Marty says: "make up for lost time with you."
Marty says: "And while we're..."
Marty says: "chillin', I'll promote your little engagement."
Marty hands Sour Cream a black card.
Sour Cream says: "What's this shiny card with your contact info on it?"
Marty says: "Just a little something we pro music types call, a laminated business card."
Sour Cream says: "..."
Sour Cream says: "That is so legit!"
Marty says: "Man, you're so lucky your dad's in the biz."
Marty says: "Throwing a cool semi-annual DJ rave thing is a classic father-son bonding experience."
Sour Cream says: "More classic than fishing?"
Marty says: "Just wait!"
Marty says: "We're gonna cram nine years of bonding into one spectacular event!"
Steven watches with concerns as Marty speaks with his son.
Trans. Int. Abandoned Warehouse.
Steven, Sour Cream and Marty arrive at the warehouse, and Marty looks around the place in dismay.
Marty says: "This is it?"
Marty says: "It's so..."
Marty says: "puny."
Marty says: "*looks at one of Sour Cream's music-making consoles* I mean, what is this?"
Marty says: "A concert for ants?"
Steven says: "We can invite some ants."
Sour Cream says: "Aunts, uncles; music is for everybody."
Marty says: "Listen, buddy, you want to reach people, right?"
Sour Cream says: "Yeah."
Marty says: "You want to hold them in your little hand, right?"
Sour Cream says: "Uh..."
Sour Cream says: "I guess so."
Marty says: "You want to squeeze them until their eyes pop out!"
Sour Cream says: "Uh, you lost me a little."
Marty says: "What I'm saying is, if you want to bring people in, you can't play out in the sticks!"
Marty says: "You got to be where the people are!"
Trans. Beach.
Marty leads Sour Cream and Steven to the wide beach.
Marty says: "Now this is more like it!"
Marty says: "We'll set up right here in the sand."
Steven says: "*clears his throat* As Sour Cream's roadie, I have to voice my concern."
Steven says: "You threw a show here on the beach for my dad, and judging from what he said, you didn't do a good job at all."
Marty says: "Okay."
Marty says: "Can I real-talk with you for a second?"
Marty says: "*pulls Steven and Sour Cream into a huddle* Real talk."
Marty says: "I made a lot of mistakes before, when I was your dad's manager, and- Real talk?"
Marty says: "I was a jerk."
Marty says: "but- Real talk!"
Marty says: "I've learned a lot about myself and the music business since then."
Marty says: "So I can tell you, with certainty, things aren't gonna be like last time."
Marty says: "Real talk."
Sour Cream says: "Wow, Yellowtail never real-talks with me."
Marty says: "That's what it's like to work with a professional, kid."
Marty says: "Now, hold on."
Marty says: "I'm gonna work some magic."
Marty pulls out his phone and calls for someone.
Marty says: "Marty here."
Marty says: "Talk to me."
Marty says: "Yeah, I know I called you..."
Steven and Sour Cream exchanges looks, with Sour Cream smiling.
Trans. Ext. Water Tower.
Marty leads Sour Cream and Steven to the water tower in Beach City, while covering Sour Cream's eyes.
Marty says: "Okay."
Marty says: "you ready?"
Marty says: "*removes his hand off Sour Cream's eyes* Boom!"
Marty reveals to Sour Cream a giant advertisement poster covering the water tower, advertising DJ Sour Cream and his rave on the beach.
Sour Cream says: "Wow!"
Sour Cream says: "Am I..."
Sour Cream says: "glowing?"
Marty says: "That's right."
Marty says: "nothing less for my talented, soon-to-be-famous DJ."
Trans. Ext. Marty's Bus.
Marty opens the compartments of his bus and reveals the contents inside to Sour Cream and Steven.
Marty says: "Check this out, broski."
Sour Cream says: "Wow!"
Sour Cream says: "*takes out and examines a music equipment* I've only seen gear this good on the internet."
Sour Cream says: "Is this for me?"
Marty says: "It's for us, my main cool cat!"
Sour Cream says: "Wow."
Sour Cream says: "I can totally rave to this."
Steven says: "It looks like you're all set on roadies, huh?"
Steven says: "Guess I'll just carry myself home."
Marty says: "Hey, Star Child Jr."
Marty says: ", catch!"
Marty throws a tag and lanyard in Steven's face and he catches it, revealing to be an official roadie tag.
Marty says: "You're in the big leagues now, little roadie."
Steven happily puts the tag around his neck and runs to the bus to help. He then pulls out a seemingly heavy gigantic box from the bus compartment and carries it with ease.
Marty says: "Geez!"
Marty says: "What does Greg feed that kid?!"
Marty says: "!"
Sour Cream says: "Uh..."
Marty says: "Hey, Let me rap with you about the set up I have envisioned, okay?"
Sour Cream says: "Okay!"
Marty says: "So, the stage is gonna be huge, and the speakers, even huger..."
Marty's explanation fades into the background as Steven puts the heavy box down alongside the other equipment. He looks Marty talking with his son and then stares into the sunset in the ocean, where he spot Yellowtail sailing by in his fishing boat, glancing through his binoculars to spy on Sour Cream with worry.
Time Skip - Evening.
The citizens of Beach City, including Yellowtail, are gathered in front of Marty's bus, modeled into a stage. They begin mumbling among themselves as Steven appears on-stage to adjust the microphone stand.
Steven says: "Don't mind me, folks!"
Steven says: "Just a humble roadie doing a mic check."
Steven says: "*inspects the microphone stand* This mic looks great!"
Steven walks off of the stage and towards Sour Cream standing beside the stage.
Steven says: "Hey, Sour Cream, we're ready to go whenever you are."
Sour Cream says: "Okay, I guess I'll go out and get started."
Marty then pops in from behind Sour Cream and wraps his arm around him.
Marty says: "That's not how we do things in the music biz."
Marty says: "Let a proper hype man set the stage for you."
Sour Cream says: "Woah."
Sour Cream says: "I've never been properly hyped before."
Sour Cream says: "Thanks, Dad!"
Marty does a backward moonwalk and finger-gun gesture at Sour Cream. The crowd begins to cheer as Marty walks up to the microphone.
Random Citizen says: "It's some guy!"
Marty says: "How's it go- Is this mic even on?"
Marty says: "*turns on the microphone* How you feeling, Beach Ci-taay!"
The crowd cheers.
Marty says: "You know, I've always been someone with good tastes, so you got to believe me."
Marty says: "This show is special to me."
Marty says: "It's personal."
Steven happily nudges Sour Cream with his elbow.
Marty says: "Because I want to introduce you to a fresh, raw experience, to a whole new flavor."
Sour Cream smiles with anticipation.
Marty says: "To a brand new..."
Marty says: "Soda!"
Sour Cream says: "*dismayed* What!"
Sour Cream says: "?"
Marty says: "GUAAACOLA!!"
Suddenly, the text "Guacola" flashes on an electric billboard on the bus in green neon, and the other roadies uncover giant Guacola can speakers at the side of the stage. The crowd looks around and mumbles in confusion, as air horns blare in the background.
Marty says: "That's right."
Marty says: "Guacola!"
Marty says: "The world's first guacamole soda."
Marty says: "Each can comes with the power of three whole avocados!"
Marty says: "Now, come on, Beach City."
Marty says: "Are you ready to guac?"
Marty starts throwing cans of Guacola at the crowd. Ronaldo gets hit in the stomach by one, and Jenny catches one. Steven opens a can and takes a sip, which he immediately spits out in disgust.
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "This is terrible!"
Steven says: "What the- *reads the description on the can* "From concentrate"!"
Steven says: "?"
Disgust arises in the crowd as everyone reacts to the disgusting Guacola. Jenny pours hers out and a slimy green oozes out of the can.
Buck says: "Aww, that's nasty."
Ronaldo groans as he pours Guacola on a bowl of chips and attempts to eat it.
Ronaldo says: "Ugh!"
Ronaldo says: "*spits out the mush in his mouth and smashes the chips* It's not even good on chips!"
Onion drinks the Guacola, seemingly unaffected by its revolting taste and even enjoying it. Steven then runs up to Greg and Yellowtail as the crowd falls into chaos.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Greg says: "Steven, is this gross-out drink part of Sour Cream's show?"
Steven says: "No way, dad!"
Steven says: "it's all Marty!"
Yellowtail seemingly murmurs Marty's name in anger and slams his fist into his palm. He then sprints away towards his fishing boat.
Greg says: "Yellowtail, wait!"
Greg says: "Sour Cream needs you!"
Marty covers the microphone as Sour Cream approaches him.
Marty says: "What are you waiting for?"
Marty says: "Start playing."
Sour Cream says: "Dad, you're ruining my show!"
Marty says: "This isn't your show."
Marty says: "How do you think we have this setup, this party bus, these roadies?"
Marty says: "I've gotta good deal with Guacola."
Marty says: "You're lucky I'm letting you in on the ground floor."
Sour Cream says: "But I thought this was about making up for lost time, not some lame soda."
Marty says: "Look, kid, I need this Guacola deal, okay?"
Marty says: "Don't be selfish!"
Sour Cream gets infuriated and starts shouting back at Marty in the same murmur language as Yellowtail's, pointing an accusatory finger at Marty.
Marty says: "What did you say?"
Sour Cream says: "*blushes, as he stops speaking in murmurs* Ugh, I said I don't need you or Guacola to do what I wanna do!"
Sour Cream says: "I never have!"
Sour Cream says: "I can do this show on my own!"
Marty says: "Fine."
Marty uncovers the microphone, causing small feedback in the speakers, and walks offstage.
Marty says: "Hey, Universe, I only came here because I'm legally obligated to give you this."
Greg says: "Huh?"
Marty says: "Don't say I've never gave you nothin'."
Greg inspects the envelope, labelled "Starchild", as Marty starts up the bus and drives off. Steven and Sour Cream then walk up to Greg's side, looking rather disappointed.
Sour Cream says: "Well, I guess that's it."
Sour Cream says: "So much for me and the music biz."
Steven says: "I'm sorry, Sour Cream."
Horns noises is then heard in the distances.
Greg says: "What's that noise?"
Yellowtail is seen speeding towards the group in one of his boats, raising one of his arms up in the air to get their attention.
Sour Cream says: "Aw, man!"
Sour Cream says: "it's my stepdad."
Sour Cream says: "He was just waiting for me to fail so he can get me and put me to work on his boat."
Sour Cream flails his arms up in the air in defeat as he walks towards Yellowtail, landing on the shore with his boat.
Sour Cream says: "Fine."
Sour Cream says: "Take me to your big smelly boat so I can fish my life away!"
Yellowtail climbs out of his boat and lifts out a box, containing various equipment.
Sour Cream says: "It's..."
Sour Cream says: "my old gear?"
Yellowtail holds out the box of music equipment to Sour Cream.
Sour Cream says: "What?"
Sour Cream says: "You want me to play?"
Yellowtail gently places the box on the ground, allowing Sour Cream to retrieve it.
Sour Cream says: "Gee..."
Sour Cream says: "uh..."
Sour Cream says: "thanks, Yellow Dad."
Sour Cream offers a handshake to Yellowtail, but he walks forth and gives Sour Cream a hug instead. Sour Cream then laughs in response.
Sour Cream says: "Good one, Dad!"
Sour Cream says: "*turns to Steven* Hey, Steven, since you're still my official roadie, help me set up."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Time Skip.
Sour Cream's DJ stage is set up on the beach, with Yellowtail's boat providing the lights.
DJ Sour Cream says: "Let's kick it!"
DJ Sour Cream scatters glow sticks around and begins to play. The crowd slowly returns and begins to rave to the beat. Sour Cream's family also joins in the party; Vidalia and Yellowtail dance in support of their son, while Onion is still drinking a can of Guacola. Steven and Greg watch on the rave in content.
Greg says: "You know, the music biz can be really tricky."
Steven says: "I'm sure Sour Cream will make it big on his own."
Greg says: "*nonchalantly begins to open his envelope* Even if he doesn't make it big, Sour Cream'll be okay, as long as he's doing something that makes him happy."
Greg says: "*holds up a slip from the envelop* Eh, you know, it's not about the mone-eeyeeeeeeeeee..."
Greg says: "!"
Steven says: "Dad?"
Greg smiles and pulls Steven for a hug, showing him a check slip. Steven gasps loudly in response.
Steven says: "Ten million dollars?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You're rich!"
END.