Open Int. Beta Kindergarten.
Following the events in "Beta", Steven, Amethyst and Peridot hide behind a cliff to spy on Jasper.
Amethyst says: "Jasper!"
Peridot says: "What is she doing?"
Steven says: "She's been collecting monsters."
Jasper says: "Pipe down!"
Jasper kicks a growling Snow Monster in its cage, and the trio gasps in shock.
Jasper says: "You take orders from me now!"
Jasper says: "You used to be a Quartz too, didn't you?"
Jasper says: "What happened to you?"
The Snow Monster growls and slams against the metal bars in fury.
Jasper says: "Tch."
Jasper says: "Disgraceful."
Jasper says: "I can't believe I've resorted to recruiting you freaks!"
Jasper says: "You're almost as bad as that Crystal runt."
Jasper says: "Just look at you."
Jasper says: "This planet ruins everything!"
Jasper says: "Well, haha, except for me."
Peridot says: "We should go back to the Temple and grab reinforcements."
Steven says: "Yeah, that's a good idea."
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Steven turns his head and finds that Amethyst is gone, and he and Peridot silently scream in horror.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven and Peridot look around, and spot Amethyst on a ledge above Jasper, shuffling along it towards her. Jasper continues to taunt the Snow Monster.
Jasper says: "I'll never let this planet twist me like it twisted you."
Jasper says: "Your weakness embarrasses Homeworld."
Jasper says: "You suffer because it's what you deserve!"
Jasper says: "We all only get what we deserve."
Jasper says: "Right, Amethyst?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Amethyst gasps, as she has been discovered, and falls off the ledge, landing behind Jasper.
Amethyst says: "Agh!"
Jasper says: "What do you want, runt?"
Jasper says: "You here for a rematch?"
Amethyst says: "I'm here to win!"
Jasper says: "You were fated to lose, the moment you came out wrong!"
Steven says: "*runs to Amethyst's side* That's not true!"
Jasper says: "Rose."
Jasper says: "Of course."
Jasper says: "Your lackeys never stray far."
Jasper says: "And why would they?"
Jasper says: "They have no place in this, or any world!"
Steven says: "What do you mean?!"
Steven says: "!"
Jasper says: "Every Gem is made for a purpose: to serve the order of the Diamonds."
Jasper says: "Those who cannot fit inside this order must be purged!"
Numerous shapes appears behind Jasper as she explains, forming the image of The Great Diamond Authority symbol. After it is complete, many unfitting shapes approach the symbol, only to get blown away by a flash of light.
Jasper says: "To come out misshapen, to reshape yourself outside your purpose, and to defend this ruined worthless planet, is a disgrace!"
Peridot says: "*timidly* This planet isn't all bad!"
Jasper says: "What are you doing here?"
Peridot says: "I..."
Peridot says: "I'M A CRYSTAL GEM NOW!!"
Jasper instantly summons her crash helmet, and Steven summons his shield.
Peridot says: "*confidently* I'm not afraid of you!"
Peridot says: "I've got metal powers!"
Peridot says: "I'll show you!"
Peridot begins to manipulate a metal rod stuck in the ground. Jasper, Amethyst and Steven watch as Peridot struggles to lift the metal rod.
Amethyst says: "Aw, jeez."
Peridot says: "In a moment!"
Jasper says: "Anyone else got somethin' to say?"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "It's just us."
Amethyst says: "UGHH!!"
Amethyst says: "YOU GUUUYS!!!!"
Amethyst says: "*lifts up Steven* STAY OUT OF THIS!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "It's just you and me, Jasper."
Amethyst says: "One on one!"
Amethysy lashes her flails and hits an unprepared Jasper in her face. She then summons a second flail and smacks Jasper into a wall.
Steven says: "Go Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Who's the runt now?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "You ready for more?"
Jasper quickly recovers and gets up from the wall. Amethyst whips Jasper in her face again, who quickly turns back at her, unfazed.
Amethyst says: "Uh!"
Amethyst says: "Th-there's more where that came from!"
Amethyst keeps whipping at Jasper, knocking her back with her last blow. Jasper then easily shrugs off that last blow and Amethyst gasps in shock.
Steven says: "Uh-oh!"
Amethyst cracks both her flails, sending purple energy down them and activating the flail spikes, and begins charging a spin-dash attack. The energized flails surrounds her in purple flames and she charges into Jasper, causing an explosion. Amethyst coughs as the smokes from the explosion fade away. She looks up and gasps in horror, see Jasper standing in front of her, unaffected by her latest attack.
Jasper says: "Is it sinking in yet?"
Amethyst says: "Are you SERIOUS!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Jasper kicks Amethyst, sending her flying backwards.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Jasper says: "*walking towards Amethyst* You never had a chance."
Steven looks up and notices an Injector hanging on the top of the cliff. He summons his shield and tosses it at the Injector, causing it to fall.
Steven says: "Heads up!"
Jasper says: "Huh?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Amethyst and Jasper quickly jump out of the way of the falling Injector, and Steven runs up to Amethyst's side.
Amethyst says: "Steven..."
Amethyst says: "I can't win."
Amethyst says: "No matter what I do, no matter how hard I work, she came out right, and I came out..."
Amethyst says: "wrong..."
Steven says: "That's just what Jasper thinks."
Steven says: "She's the only one who thinks you should be like her!"
Steven says: "Stop trying to be like Jasper."
Steven says: "You're nothing like Jasper!"
Steven says: "You're like me!"
Steven says: "Because we're both not like anybody."
Steven says: "And yeah, it sucks.."
Jasper lifts up the Injector, tosses it aside, and begins approaching the pair.
Steven says: "But at least I've got you."
Steven says: "And you've got me!"
Steven says: "*tears up* So stop leaving me out of this."
Amethyst says: "*tears up too* Us worse Gems stick together, right?"
Steven says: "That's why we're the best."
Amethyst chuckles and takes Steven's hand. She then gets up and pulls Steven in for a hug, unintentionally causing an explosion of smoke and light. As the smoke clear away, Peridot and Jasper watch in horror and shock as a fusion Gem emerges from the smokes.
Smoky Quartz says: "What a beautiful day!"
Jasper says: "Huh?"
Jasper says: "Who are you supposed to be?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Smoky Quartz says: "Oh yeah, who am I now?"
Smoky Quartz says: "I feel like Amethyst knows this."
Peridot says: "Forget your name, you've got a fight to win!"
Smoky Quartz says: "I think a Rose Quartz, and an Amethyst..."
Smoky Quartz says: "make a..."
Smoky Quartz summons Steven's shield and throws it up in the air. They then summons Amethyst's whip, jumps into the air and grabs the shield with their whip, combining the two weapons into a yo-yo.
Smoky Quartz says: "..."
Smoky Quartz says: "Smoky Quartz."
Jasper says: "Is fusion the only trick you Crystal Gems know?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Smoky Quartz says: "I've got plenty of tricks."
Smoky Quartz says: "Ever see "sink the dink"?"
Smoky hits Jasper in her face and stomach with the yo-yo, knocking her backwards to the ground. Peridot laughs joyfully at Jasper getting beaten up. Jasper growls loudly in fury and rage, and charges towards Smoky with a spin-dash.
Smoky Quartz says: "Woah-oh."
Smoky grapples their yo-yo around a rock hanging above and uses it to swing out of the way of Jasper's attack. Jasper crashes in the cliff with all her monsters in it, causing the wall to crack and the metal rods to collapse. Once freed, the monsters jump out of their imprisonment.
Jasper says: "*stops spin-dashing and sees the monsters escaping* No!"
The monsters, including one Cluster Gem mutant, flee from the scene.
Jasper says: "My army!"
Peridot says: "*laughs loudly at Jasper* Take that!"
Peridot says: "Then take this!"
Jasper then notices the Snow Monster has not escaped yet and runs towards it.
Smoky Quartz says: "Huh?"
Smoky continues to skillfully attacks Jasper with their yo-yo multiple times, but misses with their last attack as Jasper runs towards the Snow Monster.
Smoky Quartz says: "Aw, leaving so soon?"
Jasper says: "I..."
Jasper says: "will not be beaten by another fusion!"
Jasper grabs onto the Snow Monster and begins to fuse with it.
Smoky Quartz says: "What the..."
Smoky Quartz says: "?"
Jasper fuses into Zebra Jasper, laughs as she examines her new form, and begins to attack Smoky.
Smoky Quartz says: "Hold on, I've got a move that will really blow you away."
Smoky starts twirling their yo-yo around like a fan, pushing Zebra Jasper back, but it is not strong enough as Zebra Jasper regains her footing and approaches Smoky again.
Smoky Quartz says: "It's cool if you don't like it, I've already got three huge fans."
Smoky summons two more yo-yos out of their gems and twirls them around too, generating a tornado that engulfs Zebra Jasper and lifts her off the ground. Zebra Jasper begins to unfuse, as the Snow Monster tries to escape, but Jasper holds her back.
Jasper says: "We could beat them!"
Jasper says: "If we stay together!"
Jasper attempts to fuse with the Snow Monster again, but fails as the tornado subsides, and the two starts to fall towards the ground, while Smoky sits on a broken Injector and watches the two fall.
Smoky Quartz says: "Rreeeeeeeow..."
Smoky Quartz says: "Kapow!"
Smoky Quartz says: "Great job Smoky, oh, thank you, thank you Smoky."
The Snow Monster, landed on top of Jasper, quickly gets up and runs away.
Jasper says: "Nobody I fuse with..."
Jasper says: "ever wants to stay."
Just then, Jasper's left forearm begins to alter and she growls in pain. Smoky, still doing their victory dance, quickly notices Jasper's demise and stops to look at her in fear. Jasper's arm continues to worsen as it changes teal green and grows teal spikes.
Peridot says: "Eww, that's disgusting!"
Smoky Quartz says: "It's..."
Smoky Quartz says: "corruption..."
Smoky begins to deform out of fright and unfuses back into Amethyst and Steven. Steven gets up to approach Jasper, but Amethyst holds him back.
Amethyst says: "Steven, be careful."
Steven says: "But this just happened."
Steven says: "Maybe I can do something!"
Steven says: "Jasper, it's okay."
Steven says: "I'm here."
Jasper says: "*in pain and anger* Rose..."
Steven says: "I'm not Rose, I'm Steven, I just wanna try and heal you."
Steven licks his palm, covering in healing saliva, and moves in towards Jasper's arm, but she quickly swipes her claw at him.
Amethyst says: "*shocked* Steven!"
Steven jumps backwards and looks down his shirt, noticing a visible tear on it. Peridot gasps, seeing that Steven has been attacked, struggles harder to pull the metal rod out of the ground. She gives up, however, and runs off. Amethyst attempts to charge towards Jasper, but Steven halts her.
Steven says: "Stop!"
Jasper says: "*chuckles* I see how you do it now, Rose."
Jasper says: "You want Gems after they're worthless, you wait until after they've lost."
Jasper says: "Because when you're at the bottom, you'll follow anyone."
Jasper says: "That makes you feel like..."
Jasper says: "less of a failure."
Peridot eventually runs in and joins Steven's side.
Jasper says: "Hah!"
Jasper says: "Just look at this one!"
Jasper says: "You've stripped her of everything!"
Jasper says: "Her limb enhancers, her status, her dignity."
Peridot says: "I still have one of those things."
Jasper says: "How can you side with Rose Quartz?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper says: "Why?"
Jasper says: "Why protect this useless shell of a planet?"
Peridot says: "It's not a shell, there's so much life."
Peridot says: "Living here, that's what I'm doing!"
Peridot says: "I'm living here!"
Peridot says: "I've been learning new things about myself all the time!"
Peridot says: "Like how I can make metal do my bidding!"
The metal rod Peridot has been trying to move suddenly falls behind her.
Peridot says: "The point being, Earth can set you free."
Steven smiles in joy at Peridot's revelation, when Jasper's corruption continues to worsen.
Jasper says: "Earth..."
Jasper says: "is a prison."
Jasper says: "I got out because I'm better than this place."
Steven says: "It's getting worse.."
Jasper says: "I only came back to finish you off!"
Steven says: "Try not to move!"
Jasper says: "*stands up and points an accusatory finger at Steven* You can't manipulate me, Rose Quartz!"
Steven says: "I-I'm not manipulating, I'm trying to help!"
Jasper says: "Help..."
Jasper says: "?"
Jasper says: "Help?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper says: "I've been fighting from the second I broke free of the Earth's crust, because of what YOU did to my colony!"
Jasper says: "Because of what YOU did to my planet!"
Jasper says: "Because of what YOU did to my Diamond!"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "Yellow Diamond?"
Jasper says: "Wha-Ah..."
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper says: "MY DIAMOND!"
Jasper says: "YOUR DIAMOND!"
Jasper says: "PINK DIAMOND!!!!!!"
Jasper's corruption reaches its final stage, transforming her completely into a Gem monster. The corrupted Jasper roars loudly and begins to charge towards the trio. Peridot quickly uses her metal abilities and thrusts the metal rod right through Jasper's chest, causing her to poof. The trio looks at Jasper's gemstone on the ground, and Steven and Amethyst turn to look at Peridot.
Peridot says: "You're..."
Peridot says: "welcome!"
Steven and Amethyst smile in relief at Peridot. Amethyst then walks up to Jasper's gem and falls to her knees in front of it.
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Come here, sis."
Steven walks up to Amethyst and she leans against him in exhasution.
Trans. Ext. The Barn.
The trio warps back to the Warp Pad near the barn and starts walking towards the barn.
Peridot says: "*excitedly* When we get to the barn, I'm building a giant metal yo-yo!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst, Steven, you'll have to catch and throw it for me."
Amethyst says: "I don't wanna do anything for like a month."
Steven says: "*stops walking* Uh..."
The trio stops outside of the barn, only to find Garnet, Pearl, and Lapis, who is trapping five Rubies in water bubbles. The star iris then closes in on Amethyst, irritated by this latest commotion.
Amethyst says: "Ugh..."
END.