Open. Int. Beach House.
Steven, still glowing pink, warps into his greenhouse and walks into his room. Steven's phone rings, receiving a call from Connie.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Hey, Connie, what's up?"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "Good, you finally picked up!"
Connie says: "I can't believe we haven't spoken since the hospital."
Connie says: "How are you?"
Steven says: "I'm great!"
Steven says: "Never been better!"
Connie says: "Really?"
Connie says: "Have you had any more issues with swelling and glowing pink?"
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "Nope?"
Steven says: "Well, maybe, but how about you?"
Steven says: "How's college prep?"
Connie says: "Steven, that's, uh- It's fine, but what do you mean, maybe?"
Steven says: "Look, there's nothing to worry about."
Steven says: "I'm okay."
Connie says: "Steven..."
Steven says: "I should go."
Steven says: "I don't wanna wake up the Gems."
Connie says: "But they don't even sleep!"
Steven says: "Uh, bye!"
Steven groans as he ends the call. He looks down at his flip flop-less foot and holds his hands out in front of him. He grabs his head and his television turns on.
Steven TV.
His television cuts to static, turning on again shortly after. The shattered shards of Jasper are shown from their reveal in "Fragments". His television cuts to static again. In "Homeworld Bound", White Diamond is shown from Steven's nightmare vision about to shatter herself. Steven gets up and turns the television off, gasping as he sees his diamond-shaped irises in the television's reflection.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "No-n-n-n-no!"
Steven says: "Th-Th-This isn't happening..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I didn't think about shattering White."
Steven says: "I-I-I didn't shatter Jasper."
Steven says: "I didn't fight with Dad."
Steven says: "I- *happily* I'm Steven Universe!"
Steven sees the portrait of himself and Garnet.
Steven says: "I'm fine."
Steven says: "I'm fine!"
Steven shatters the glass of the sliding door to his room with his scream.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "Is that you?"
Amethyst is seen running into the room, followed by Pearl, who trips on the top stair, and Garnet.
Amethyst says: "What happened?"
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "I'm fine."
The Gems gasp at his appearance.
Steven says: "Going to see the Diamonds was a waste of time."
Steven says: "I thought I needed to figure myself out, but I know who I am."
Steven says: "I'm Steven Universe!"
Steven says: "I help people, I don't..."
Steven says: "hurt them."
Amethyst says: "Dude, what's going on?"
Amethyst says: "You look really different."
Steven says: "Pfft, I'm still good ol' Steven!"
Garnet says: "Steven."
Garnet says: "We're worried."
Steven says: "I'm okay."
Steven says: "Really!"
The Gems share a concerned look.
Garnet says: "We'll take your word for it."
Steven says: "You know, everything's gone downhill since I quit running Little Homeschool."
Steven says: "I should head over there and make myself useful!"
Steven says: "I'll see you all there."
Steven speeds out of the room. The gems turn around in slow motion. Steven speeds out of his home and past the Big Donut. The giant donut on top leans forward as he runs past, which he stops briefly to fix. He runs straight to Little Homeworld.
Steven says: "Ah, Little Homeworld."
Steven says: "Long time, no see!"
Still speeding, Steven launches himself into the air and lands safely on the Little Homeworld Warp Pad.
Steven says: "Time to find someone in need of my assistance."
The scene changes. Cherry Quartz, Pink Pearl, Peridot, and an Aquamarine are seen in Peridot's greenhouse. Steven appears in a window at the back of the scene.
Steven says: "What do we have here?"
Steven says: "*gasps* Peridot's horticulture class!"
Steven says: "Perfect!"
Steven says: "If anyone can get a plant to perk up, it's me."
Steven enters the room. The same four characters, with the addition of a Sapphire, are seen gathered around a table. Pink Pearl holds a pot of flowers over the left side of her face.
Steven says: "Need some help?"
Peridot says: "Woah!"
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "What, uh, brings you back to school?"
Steven says: "Just your friendly, neighborhood "Stev-o", passing through and ready to make a difference!"
Steven says: "And I see you have a couple of struggling saplings here."
Steven says: "I can help with that!"
Steven is preparing to lick his hands when Peridot stops him.
Peridot says: "Not so fast!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst says you're on a strict "No Plant Friends" policy!"
Steven says: "Aw, what?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "I'm just giving them a healthy nudge!"
Peridot looks at the plants. A leaf falls off of one of them.
Peridot says: "Hmm..."
Peridot says: "It is hard to see them in such sad shape."
Peridot says: "Mm, alright."
Peridot says: "Just a scientific smidge, though!"
Steven says: "*chuckles* You got it!"
Steven licks his finger. A slow shot is shown of the pink, sparkling finger approaching the plant. Suddenly, a large number of plant Stevens break the walls and ceiling of the Greenhouse. Peridot and the students of her class run out of the doors, screaming. Steven follows cautiously.
Steven says: "Would you look at that?"
Steven says: "Life!"
Steven says: "It's everywhere."
Steven says: "And, really, what's a little broken glass between friends?"
A plant Steven runs out of the greenhouse, yelling excitedly. The camera shifts to Garnet giving a counseling session to two humans.
Garnet says: "Now, tell me how that makes you feel."
Peridot screams off-screen, causing the humans to gasp in alarm and stand.
Garnet says: "Alright, see you next week."
The humans run away as Garnet summons her gauntlets. She steps forward, ready for action, as three plant Stevens surround her.
Plant Stevens says: "Steven's here to help!"
Plant Stevens says: "Steven's here to help!"
Plant Stevens says: "Steven's here to help!"
Steven says: "Oh, Garnet!"
Steven says: "I see you're making some new friends!"
Steven says: "Then I guess this was a net win."
Steven says: "Welp, gotta run and help more people."
Steven says: "It's what I do!"
As quickly as Steven entered the screen, he speeds off, as a plant Steven comes up behind him in slow motion, attempting to give him a hug. Steven comes to a stop in front of Bismuth's Forge.
Steven says: "That's right!"
Steven says: "It must be shop-o'clock!"
Steven says: "Bismuth's shop class, that is."
Steven says: "Time to get my shop on!"
Amethyst enters the screen, wearing a sports coach's outfit.
Amethyst says: "You good, bud?"
Amethyst says: "You talking to yourself?"
The scene shifts. Bismuth is standing in front of her anvil with Pearl to her left. To her right, Yellow Pearl is seen modeling wedding armor, with Snowflake Obsidian, Bixbite, and Blue Pearl in that order following.
Steven says: "Uh, hey, howdy, hey!"
The camera reveals Steven casually leaning against the door frame.
Bismuth says: "Woah-ho-hoh!"
Bismuth says: "Looking good, Steven!"
Steven says: "Why, thank you, Bismuth!"
Steven says: "So, you, uh, in need of a teaching assistant?"
Bismuth says: "Well, Pearl's my TA today, but I guess I could use a wedding expert for my wedding armor crafting demonstration!"
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "I can help with that!"
Bismuth says: "Lemme just get some steel warmed up for us."
Bismuth pulls a bar of steel out of the coals. After morphing her fist into a hammer, she flattens out and curves the end of the bar.
Bismuth says: "Alright, that looks good, for a start."
Bismuth says: "Hey, Steven, help me finish shaping this pauldron?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "I got this."
Bismuth says: "All yours."
Bismuth backs out of the way and lets Steven get behind the anvil. He cracks his knuckles and raises his fist, about to punch the metal.
Bismuth says: "Hold on there, boulder-brain."
Bismuth says: "This is detail work!"
Bismuth says: "No need for a giant mallet when a humble hammer will do."
Bismuth passes Steven a tiny hammer. He gingerly accepts it.
Steven says: "Oh, yeah."
Steven says: "Right."
Steven gently taps the metal and the screen flashes pink upon contact. The anvil beneath the metal cracks and splits in two.
Pearl says: "Ehh..."
Bismuth says: "Ahh..."
Steven says: "*laughing nervously* Ooh, look at that."
Steven says: "Now you have two anvils."
Bismuth says: "*falling to her knees* Noooo!"
Bismuth says: "My anvil!"
Bismuth says: "My beautiful anvil!"
Steven says: "Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, my work here is done."
Steven says: "Well, toodles!"
Steven leaves a concerned-looking Pearl comforting Bismuth, who has her hands over her face, by speeding away. More plant Stevens pass outside Bismuth's Forge. Steven speeds his way straight into a game of baseball. A Nephrite is shown pitching a baseball to a Ruby. Amethyst is to the right of the Ruby coaching the game while Onion stands next to her. At the bases are two humans and a Topaz, with Larimar in the outfield. Amethyst blows her whistle loudly.
Amethyst says: "What's up, man?"
Steven says: "I wanted to see if you needed any more players, 'cause I'm ready to have a ball!"
Amethyst says: "Ooh, we could use a new outfielder."
Amethyst says: "Oi, Larimar, hit the showers!"
Amethyst says: "Steven's subbing in."
Larimar gets up and runs off.
Steven says: "Yeah, good hustle out there, buddy!"
Steven says: "Wow, I'm honored to be joining such a great game."
Steven says: "I mean, everyone here has just been playing outstanding."
Amethyst says: "Batter up!"
Onion takes a bat and takes his place at the plate. Nephrite throws the ball and Onion hits it. It flies straight toward a window.
Steven says: "The window!"
Inside the window, the Heaven and Earth Beetles can be seen. Steven speeds up and jumps to catch the ball. The Beetles' terrified faces are shown just before Steven catches the ball and lands safely on the ground.
Steven says: "I did it."
The other players applaud.
Steven says: "I didn't mess anything up!"
Steven says: "YEAH!"
Steven's scream causes a windstorm powerful enough to send Larimar flying, shatters the glass around the courtyard, and causes the Beetles' building to collapse.
Steven says: "Uh- oh..."
Steven says: "I-I'm sorry."
Steven says: "That- that was an accident."
Steven says: "But, what are accidents, other than new opportunities to improve, right?"
Steven looks down at the Beetles,  who look back at him with shock on their faces.
Steven says: "We- we all make mistakes, and- and as long as we improve ourselves, everything is gonna be okay!"
Two plant Stevens come up on either side of Onion, laughing. Amethyst looks on with concern.
Steven says: "Alright, let's get to it."
Steven says: "Hup!"
Steven picks up a large log and walks off with it. One of the plant Stevens does the same, while the other picks up Larimar. Steven laughs nervously as he passes Amethyst.
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Plant Steven says: "WE'RE HELPING!"
The scene changes to Steven's house. Steven himself warps in.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Connie is standing next to Steven's couch while Greg, Amethyst, Pearl, and Garnet are sitting on it.
Connie says: "I knew it!"
Connie says: "You are swelling and glowing again."
Connie says: "I've been trying to call you, but I came as soon as I saw this."
Connie holds out her phone, on which Steven, glowing and swelled up, is doing the plant Steven's dance and looping the message "Steven's here to help!".
Connie says: "What is going on?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "broadcast my subconscious sometimes these days."
Steven says: "It's really no big deal."
Connie says: "Okay, but..."
Connie says: "I can tell something is bothering you."
Connie holds out her phone again. The message changes after some static from "Steven's here to help!" to "Steven help!" The static continues, switching the two words repeatedly.
Steven says: "Ah, I don't know what you're talking about."
Steven says: "I'm fine!"
Steven says: "Awesome, in fact."
Steven says: "Come on, you've seen me when I wasn't doing well."
Greg says: "Steven, if being like this is what you want, then we'll support you one hundred percent."
Greg says: "Whatever makes you happy."
Steven says: "Nothing's wrong!"
Steven says: "Besides, I don't want you to worry."
Connie says: "We are worried!"
Greg says: "Steven, you know you can tell us anything."
Steven looks down and frowns.
Steven says: "It's not that easy."
Steven says: "You know what?"
Steven says: "I don't have to deal with this."
As Steven moves toward the door, Amethyst, Pearl, and Connie run to block his path. Off-screen, Garnet stands and blocks the path to the warp pad.
Amethyst says: "Hold up, dude."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "You have to stop running."
Greg says: "Please."
Steven seizes up and his face swells.
Connie says: "Steven, we should get you back to the hospital."
Amethyst says: "HOSPITAL?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "HOSPITAL?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "When were you in the hospital?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Connie says: "You didn't tell them?"
Steven groans, swelling up again. His breath quickens.
Steven says: "It wasn't that important, you guys."
Steven says: "You're making a big deal out of nothing."
Steven says: "Have I done some things wrong?"
Steven says: "Sure!"
Steven says: "I trashed the house today."
Steven says: "I broke an anvil."
Steven says: "What teenager hasn't?"
Steven says: "Dad and I had a little disagreement."
Steven says: "That's practically a rite of passage!"
As Connie and the Gems turn their questioning gazes to him, Greg shrugs.
Steven says: "I mean, it would be weird if we didn't, right?"
Steven says: "And maybe, I've had a not-so-nice thought or two about, like, you know, slamming White Diamond's head through a pillar, but it's not like I actually went through with it!"
Steven says: "I only actually shattered Jasper!"
Pearl gasps and her eyes widen with shock.
Amethyst says: "WHAT?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Garnet's jaw drops, Greg and Connie gasp as well.
Connie says: "You're- you're joking, right?"
Steven says: "Oh, don't worry!"
Steven says: "I fixed that too!"
Steven says: "I can fix anything."
Steven says: "I can just keep messing up and fixing things forever, and you'll never have to know or think about any of it!"
Garnet says: "Steven..."
Steven says: "*gasps* How messed up is that?"
Steven says: "That I've gotten away with this for so long."
Steven says: "You have no idea how bad I am."
While Steven talks, Pearl is shown putting her fist up to her mouth in horror. Amethyst grimaces. Connie's face remains still, frozen in shock.
Steven says: "You think I'm so great, and I'm so mature, and I always know what to do, but that's not true!"
Steven says: "I haven't learned a thing from my problems!"
Steven says: "They've all just made me worse!"
Greg's face is shown while Steven rants, similar to Connie's. Garnet looks down and grimaces.
Steven says: "You think of me as some angel, but, I'm not that kid anymore!"
A close-up of Steven's scowl is shown.
Steven says: "I'm a fraud."
Steven falls to his hands and knees, letting out a sob. He takes a deep breath.
Steven says: "I'm a fraud!"
Steven grabs his head with both hands as his body starts shaking violently.
Steven says: "I'm a monster!"
The music crescendos rapidly as massive pink spikes burst out of Steven's back, tearing his shirt. Everyone takes a step back, with plain terror displayed on Greg's face. Cut to black.
END.