Open Int. Pink Diamond's Palace, Daytime.
Following the events in "Legs From Here to Homeworld", Steven gazes out from the balcony of Pink Diamond's room, after being sent here by White Diamond. He gets off the balcony and looks after the empty room.
Steven says: "Hello?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Must be Pink's room?"
Steven says: "I need a bed."
Steven lies down on the floor in frustration, when a platform activates and raises from underneath him.
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven looks underneath the bed and spot various tiny Gems, who quickly flee once spotted. Steven climbs off the bed and sticks his bottom out.
Steven says: "I need a place to sit."
The floor activates and creates a seat for Steven. He looks underneath the seat and gasps, as the tiny Gems inside run out of Steven's sight again.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
The wall activates and creates a shelf for Steven's face. He then slides his face through the shelf and looks inside.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Who the heck are you little guys?"
The tiny Gems once again begin to scramble away from Steven.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Thank you!"
The tiny Gems quickly stop with shock and look back at Steven.
Brainy says: ""Thank you?"
Patch says: "Is it..."
Nosey says: "It is her!"
The tiny Gems begin to gather around and jump onto Steven's face..
Chesto says: "Why does she look different?"
Gem #5.
She's back!
Gem #5 cuts a hole in the wall and lifts up Steven's shirt, revealing his gem.
Noggin says: "Pinkie time!"
Noggin says: "She's back!"
Noggin says: "Our Diamond - Pink, Pink!"
Steven is knocked backwards onto the floor, laughing with all the tiny Gems crawling all over him.
Steven says: "Don't- Don't build stuff in my mouth."
Steven spits out a Brainy and a tiny house out of his mouth, laughing.
Steven says: "All right, who are you guys?"
Nosey says: "Very funny, Pink!"
A small tower activates and raises from the floor next to Steven.
Fisto says: "Always playing her games."
Fisto says: "Pretending she doesn't know us Pebbles."
Fisto jumps into Steven's back pocket and takes his own photo with Steven's phone. Steven smiles at them, when door to the room opens. The Pebbles quickly flee back into the floor as Pearl enters the room, Fisto making off with his cell phone.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*runs over to hug Steven* Oh, thank the stars!"
Pearl says: "You're okay!"
Pearl says: "What did White Diamond do?"
Pearl says: "Did she hurt you?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "No, she was like, "Welcome home"."
Steven says: "I don't think she understands that I'm not Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "Where's Connie?"
Steven says: "And Garnet and Amethyst?"
Pearl says: "They're still on the ship."
Pearl says: "*pulls Steven's Hot Dog Duffel Bag from her gem* I'm only here because I'm bringing your things."
Pearl says: "And they consider me one of your things."
Steven says: "Yeesh."
A chime is then heard in the room.
Pearl says: "The Diamond Chime; it's Yellow."
The door opens with Yellow Pearl standing in the doorway, as she greet Steven with the Gem salute.
Yellow Pearl says: "Pink Diamond, my Diamond has requested your presence in the extraction chamber."
Pearl says: "Let's get you into a suit."
Time-Skip.
Steven is seen wearing a yellow swim trunks, as he , Pearl, and Yellow Pearl walk through a yellow hallway.
Steven says: "Swim trunks don't seem very formal."
Pearl says: "Trust me, this will be more comfortable than jeans."
Steven notices several figures of the wall whispering indistinctively to each other. Once the figures notice Steven, they quickly return to their neutral positions.
Steven says: "Hello!"
One figure of the wall looks away and blushes in embarrassment, and Steven keeps walking forth.
Trans. Ext. Extraction Chamber.
Yellow Pearl, Pearl, and Steven stop in front of a Yellow door, guarded by two Topazes.
Yellow Pearl says: "Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "Please, call me Steven."
Yellow Pearl says: "Pink Steven."
Steven says: "No, just Steven."
Yellow Pearl says: "Just Steven."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Call me..."
Steven says: "Lasagna."
Pearl says: "Steven, stop."
Pearl says: "You're going to break her."
Yellow Pearl says: "Have a nice extraction, Pink Lasagna."
Steven walks into the extraction chamber, where Yellow Diamond is seen sweating inside.
Yellow Diamond says: "Pink."
Steven says: "Hi, Yellow."
Steven says: "Cool sauna!"
Yellow Diamond says: "It's new."
Yellow Diamond says: "Have a seat."
Steven uses his floating power to jump up to the seat and sits down.
Yellow Diamond says: "So, you met with White."
Yellow Diamond says: "How was it?"
Steven says: "All I got to say was, "Hi" and "Umm" and "I"."
Yellow Diamond says: "Two and a half words, that's a record."
Steven says: "Two and a half words isn't enough."
Steven says: "I still need to talk to White about healing all the corrupted Gems!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Hmm."
Yellow Diamond says: "Good luck."
Yellow Diamond says: "White never leaves her own head these days, and she never lets anyone in, except you, I guess."
Yellow Diamond says: "It's so unfair."
Yellow Diamond says: "I have hundreds of successful crystal system colonies."
Yellow Diamond says: "But you get to see her because your one colony is a failure!"
Steven says: "Maybe you should just..."
Steven says: "fail?"
Yellow Diamond looks momentarily shocked, then starts laughing hysterically.
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh, Pink!"
Yellow Diamond says: "You always did have quite a knack for making me laugh."
Yellow Diamond says: "You're almost worth the trouble."
Steven groans in annoyance, when the Diamond Chime is heard again.
Yellow Diamond says: "Already?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Excuse me."
Yellow Diamond begins squeezing all the water out from her body, as Steven watches in shock. The water drains and steam are sucked into the floor.
Yellow Diamond says: "I've got to check on the latest Citrine production reports."
Steven says: "What should I do about White?"
Steven says: "I still need to talk to her about helping the..."
Steven says: "corrupted Gems..."
The Diamond Chime plays again, and Blue Pearl appears at the doorway next to Pearl.
Blue Pearl says: "Pink Diamond, my Diamond has requested your presence."
Time-Skip.
Steven, Pearl, and Blue Pearl are seen walking down a blue hallway this time.
Steven says: "We barely talked about White at all."
Steven says: "She had to rush to do a report, and I couldn't go with her."
Steven says: "I get they're like..."
Steven says: "busy, 'cause they're dictators and everything, but I need more time!"
Steven says: "*gasps and facepalms* I should have asked her what she was doing after the Citron thing!"
Pearl says: "She'll be at that for a while."
Pearl says: "Yellow Diamond oversees all aspects of Gem production on every single one of her colonies."
Pearl says: "And when she's not doing that, she's off with her army, conquering the next one."
Steven says: "What about their days off?"
Steven says: "Weekends?"
Blue Pearl says: "My Diamond is awaiting our arrival."
Trans. Ext. Blue Diamond's Pool.
Blue Pearl, Steven, and Pearl arrive in front of a Blue door, guarded by another pair of Topazes, as Blue Pearl activates it. Steven looks around and spots a sentient figure on the wall, blinking its eye. The door opens and the group walks inside.
Pearl says: "Blue Diamond is just up the stairs."
Pearl says: "I'll wait for you here."
Steven says: "I'll be back in a bit!"
Blue Pearl says: "*turns to Pearl* Welcome back."
Steven jumps up the stairs and sees Blue Diamond in a pool, brushing her hair with a sentient comb.
Blue Diamond sighs deeply and see Steven standing in front of her.
Blue Diamond says: "*gasps* You're here!"
Blue Diamond says: "*gently drops Comby into a cup* Come in!"
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven runs and cannonballs into the pool. Blue Diamond watches as he emerges from the water.
Steven says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Steven says: "*laughing* It's funny!"
Steven says: "I- I live right next to the ocean, but I end up going to space to swim."
Blue Diamond laughs heartily, causing large ripples in the pool.
Blue Diamond says: "You haven't changed."
Blue Diamond says: "So silly."
Blue Diamond says: "So small."
Blue Diamond slumps into the pool, lifting Steven out of the water on her knees.
Steven says: "I'm not done growing."
Steven says: "*sits on Blue's knees* I'm not sure I can catch up to you and Yellow, though."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm so glad you're back..."
Blue Diamond says: "Steven."
Steven says: "Y- You actually said my name!"
Blue Diamond says: "Steven."
Blue Diamond says: "Steee-von?"
Blue Diamond says: "*chuckles* It's such a funny sounding name."
Blue Diamond says: "You're so creative, Pink."
Blue Diamond says: "Remember when I let you name that batch of Pyrite, "Fools Gold?"
Blue Diamond says: "" *laughing* White was furious!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "I don't remember."
Blue Diamond says: "Oh."
Blue Diamond says: "Do you remember the game we used to play here?"
Steven shakes his head.
Blue Diamond says: "We had such fun together; You and I and..."
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow and..."
Blue Diamond says: "White."
Steven says: "We were all together here?!"
Steven says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "You would stand underwater, all the way at the bottom, and sing."
Blue Diamond says: "And we would be above the surface trying to guess the song."
Steven says: "Can we do that right now?"
Steven says: "Maybe after we can talk White into coming back to Earth with us."
Blue Diamond says: "No."
Blue Diamond says: "We stopped coming here together after you left."
Blue Diamond says: "That was the start of Era 2."
Blue Diamond says: "No one wanted to be here, not with your empty spot."
Blue Diamond says: "*tears up* It was so quiet."
Steven says: "*wipes off his tears* I know you guys have colony stuff to do, but we should spend more time together."
The Diamond Chime plays again, and Blue Pearl is seen standing at the edge of the pool.
Blue Pearl says: "*clears her throat* My apologies, my Diamond, but your next appointment."
Blue Diamond says: "*sighs* Of course."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I wanted to talk to you about White."
Blue Diamond says: "Later, perhaps."
Blue Diamond climbs out of the pool and the water instantly drains out from the pool, leaving Steven lying flat on his stomach at the bottom of the pool.
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*runs up and looks over the poolside* Steven?"
Steven says: "Some water got up my nose."
Pearl says: "Oh, dear."
Pearl starts pulling a purple rope out of her gem.
Trans. Int. Pink Diamond's Palace, Night-time.
Pearl brings Steven back to Pink's room, and he starts patting water out of his ear.
Steven says: "*sighs* This is so weird."
Steven says: "Was this some sort of spa day or something?"
Steven says: "And what about Pink?"
Steven says: "Did she have a job here, or did she just sit in a room while they were off doing whatever?"
Pearl says: "Before her colony, Pink used to throw massive balls."
Steven says: "She was a juggler?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "No- Well, yes."
Pearl says: "But she would also throw parties for the other Diamonds to mark their many accomplishments."
Pearl says: "Every member of every court would show up to bask in the presence of all four Diamonds."
Steven says: "Even White would come?"
Pearl says: "Oh, yes!"
Pearl says: "Huh, I wonder what's even become of Pink's court."
Pearl says: "*gasps* That reminds me."
Pearl says: "Hang tight, I'll be back."
Steven says: "Where would I even..."
Steven says: "go..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "What did I get myself into?"
Steven falls stomach down onto the floor. The floor activates and a platform raises underneath him, as a bunch of Pebbles climb on top of him.
Steven says: "Am I just supposed to be Pink Diamond now?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Hey Pebbles, can you help me?"
Steven says: "Who was she?"
Steven says: "What did she do?"
Steven says: "And why does this feel so..."
The Pebbles mumbles among themselves, as Steven gets off the platform and begins to sing "Familiar".
The Pebbles help Steven get dressed into the outfit. Steven, joined by the Pebbles, then walks onto the balcony and points in determination at White Diamond's ship, as he concludes his song. At that moment, the door opens and Pearl runs in the room.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl pauses to see Steven, dressed like Pink Diamond, standing at the balcony, as the Pebbles run out of sight.
Steven says: "Hi, Pearl."
Steven says: "I just thought I'd, uh, dress for the occasion."
Pearl says: "*chuckles* Well..."
Pearl says: "you're not the only one with surprises."
Pearl pulls Garnet, Connie, and Amethyst out of her gem.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "*runs up to hug the group* Mmm!"
Steven says: "I figured it out!"
Steven says: "Remember back when I was little and maybe kind of annoying, and I couldn't come along on adventures?"
Steven says: "You guys would still drop everything to hang out with me!"
Steven says: "That's Pink Diamond!"
Steven says: "I know I can do this!"
Steven says: "Just watch- I'm gonna throw a huge ball, and I'm gonna invite everyone!"
END.