Open. Int. Crystal Temple.
Bismuth and Greg are seen trying to fix Greg's van after Steven crashed it in the previous episode. Steven is then seen watching them over the balcony, then heads back inside.
Pearl says: "How could this happen?"
Pearl says: "You crashed the van with Greg inside?"
Pearl says: "You know how fragile he is, these pink outbursts of yours are getting out of hand."
Steven says: "It's not an outburst!"
Pearl says: "See?"
Pearl says: "This is exactly what I'm talking about!"
Pearl says: "What's happening to you?"
Steven says: "Nothing!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "It's nothing."
Pearl says: "S-Steven!"
Pearl says: "Where are you going?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl hits Steven's generated force field.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Drop this wall!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Pearl, sorry."
Steven says: "I'm trying- I just..."
Steven says: "need..."
Steven says: "some space, OK?"
Steven says: "I'll be in my room."
Amethyst says: "Not so fast, my dude."
Amethyst says: "You gotta tell us what's going on."
Garnet says: "It looks like Steven is trying to avoid a serious discussion about this all together."
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I'm not!"
Steven slams his fist into the stairs, unleashing a room-wrecking shockwave from his rage.
Garnet says: "Steven, you have got to calm down and talk to us!"
Amethyst says: "Just chill, man!"
Steven says: "Nnghh..."
Pearl says: "We need to do something about this before someone gets hurt!"
Steven says: "NNGGHH..."
Garnet says: "Don't let this power control you."
Garnet says: "You're better than this."
Steven says: "NNGGHH..."
Steven says: "Leave me alone!!!"
The Gems start moving in slow motion.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "I'm speeding up again."
Steven says: "I gotta get out of here."
Steven runs out of the temple as everything returns to its normal speed.
[Trans. Int. Beach City Woods says: "Steven: And that's why I can't go back."
Jasper says: "So, what you're saying is; you're here- for a rematch?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper rips off her cloak.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I'm telling you why I'm out here in the first place."
Steven says: "I think my diamond powers are coming out, I can't control them."
Steven says: "I just need to be alone so I don't hurt anyone."
Jasper says: "If you really wanted to be alone, you're doing it wrong."
Steven says: "But, Jasper!"
Steven says: "This is the last place anyone would look for me."
Jasper walks away as Steven follows her.
Steven says: "W-Wait!"
Steven says: "Don't leave me here."
Steven pants as they walk further into the woods.
Steven says: "This thing with my powers is a real problem."
Jasper says: "The only problem you have are your friends."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Jasper says: "Can't you see they're holding you back?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "Th-they're just worried about me."
Jasper says: "They're afraid of your power."
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Yeah.."
Steven says: "I-I guess so."
Jasper says: "You are too!"
Jasper says: "You came all the way out here to hide from it."
Jasper says: "But I'm not here to hide, I don't need to stifle my anger, or my power!"
Jasper says: "I channel it into training."
Steven says: "Oh, right."
Steven says: "This destroyed forest."
Jasper says: "I got no one to serve, nowhere to go."
Jasper says: "All I have left..."
Jasper says: "is power!"
Jasper punches a tree and destroys it, sending smoke towards Steven.
Jasper says: "And in order to control that power, I have to use it."
Jasper says: "Those so called friends of yours don't understand, they want you to feel bad for being yourself."
Steven says: "I do feel bad."
Steven walks over to another tree and prepares to punch it, turning pink as he does. Then holds his hand in pain.
Jasper says: "Yeah!"
Jasper says: "Destroy that weakling tree!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven heals the tree by kissing it.
Jasper says: "Gross!"
Jasper says: "That's disgusting!"
Jasper says: "Burgh!"
Jasper says: "No, the grass!"
Jasper tries to kill the grass that grew by Steven.
Jasper says: "Get out of here!"
Jasper picks up Steven by his jacket.
Jasper says: "Quit helping the local ecosystem recover!"
Jasper says: "Show me, show me your power!"
Jasper throws Steven to the ground.
Steven says: "*grunts and coughs* No way, Jasper!"
Steven says: "I can't control myself."
Jasper says: "Shut up!"
Jasper lunges at Steven as he turns pink and creates a barrier but it breaks as Jasper punches it, causing him to shoot into the air.
Jasper says: "This is it?"
Jasper says: "This is what you were worried about?"
Jasper says: "It's nothing!"
Steven falls to the ground in pain.
Jasper says: "I'm stronger than the ones who want to hold you back!"
Jasper says: "Because I'm not afraid of this, and you shouldn't be either!"
Steven turns pink again as he creates another barrier and shoots it at Jasper.
Jasper says: "Yes!"
Jasper says: "That's more like it!"
Jasper runs at the barrier and breaks it.
Jasper says: "Now, tell me."
Jasper says: "Did it feel good to let your anger out?"
Steven says: "Y-Yeah."
Jasper laughs.
Steven says: "If I stay here, will you teach me how to control this feeling?"
Jasper says: "I'm not gonna teach you unless you fight me!"
Steven says: "Well, I'm not gonna fight you unless you teach me!"
Jasper says: "Hmm, fine!"
Steven says: "*returns to his normal color* Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Jasper says: "Lesson one: stop smiling!"
Steven says: "But, I've seen you smile."
Jasper kicks Steven into the air.
Jasper says: "Lesson two: Shut up!"
Steven hits the ground in pain again.
Steven says: "*grunts* I guess my training starts now.."
The next day, Steven is seen struggling to carry tons of rocks on his back while going up a hill, while Jasper is only carrying two. Next, Steven turns pink as he shoots multiple barriers at Jasper, who is smashing all of them. Then, Jasper charges into a pile of rocks and smashes them, Steven runs into a rock but face-plants into it. Jasper then throws a rock on top of Steven and walks away slowly until Steven, in his pink state, breaks out from underneath. Jasper tries to throw more rocks at him as he keeps running away. At night time, they are seen heading into Jasper's cave, but she kicks Steven out shortly after, leaving him to sleep outside. The next day again, shows Jasper throwing another rock at Steven as he activates his barrier and gets thrown into a tree by the rock. Next, it shows Steven splitting a log in half with his hand, as Jasper hits a tree. Then, Steven starts to construct a shelter with logs as he has his jacket tried around his head. At night time again, Jasper is seen in her spin dash until Steven runs past, sped up by his power. The following day noticeably shows Steven, in his pink state again, has a slight beard and ripped shirt as he throws another barrier while Jasper throws a rock into it and the barrier slams it into some trees. Next, Steven catches fish with his bubble barrier ball in a swamp. He is seen wearing a cloak, similar to Jasper's, sipping food from a bowl, while the fish he caught is cooking near a fire pit. Then, Jasper and Steven are seen punching more trees while Steven looks very noticeably taller, and more muscular, and has a different hairstyle. He breaks another rock with his barrier.
Steven says: "Yes!"
Jasper says: "Hm, not bad for three days of work."
Steven kisses his muscles.
Jasper says: "I didn't teach you that."
At dusk, a crack of thunder goes off in the distance.
Jasper says: "I found some new rocks."
Jasper says: "*Throws rocks into a pile* You won't believe how hard it is to find a good rock around here."
Steven says: "I'm done with rocks, Jasper."
Jasper says: "Huh, what?"
Steven says: "I'm ready, for our rematch!"
Steven stamps the firepit, putting it out.
Jasper says: "*laughs* It's about time!"
Jasper says: "Come on then!"
Jasper says: "Show me what you've learned."
Steven creates another barrier and shoots it at Jasper, who jumps over it and runs towards Steven, trying to punch him. He punches her instead. As Steven gasps, Jasper summons her helmet and hits Steven on the head while he tries to summon another barrier in defense. She then throws him onto the ground. Steven coughs from the smoke.
Jasper says: "What are you holding back for?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Jasper says: "You think I can't take it?"
Jasper says: "I'm not gonna coddle you, Steven!"
Jasper says: "Do you wanna go home to your Gems?"
Steven says: "*tries to get up* No..."
Jasper says: "Are you afraid to be strong?"
Jasper says: "Are you pathetic?"
Jasper says: "Are you weak?"
Steven says: "I'm not!"
The shockwaves from Steven's shout knocks Jasper back, and he lunges at her as they start to fight.
Jasper says: "*laughs* Is that all?"
Steven throws a heavy barrier at Jasper, which slams her back into a tree. Steven pants and laughs.
Jasper says: "That's more like it!"
Steven lunges at Jasper again, but this time he is going insanely fast while repeatedly punching Jasper in mid-air.
Jasper says: "Come on, come on!"
Jasper says: "Show me what you can really do!"
Steven's laugh becomes more maniacal as he kicks Jasper to the ground, then launches four shields around her, pinning her in place. Jasper grunts as Steven begins to make a huge barrier while floating in the air.
Steven says: "You're right, Jasper."
Steven's huge barrier grows spikes, his irises take on the shape of white diamonds and he smiles maliciously.
Steven says: "I have been holding back."
Steven throws the barrier at Jasper. Her eyes widen in fear as crack of thunder flashes. Cut to black.
Trans. Int. Crystal Temple.
Later, as rain falls at the beach house, Steven is seen running to the temple in his normal state and size.
Pearl says: "I've sent so many messages but he hasn't replied."
Steven storms through the door with his hand inside his pocket while Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl are waiting for him inside the temple.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Where have you been?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven ignores them as he rushes to the bathroom and closes the door.
Amethyst says: "*outside the bathroom* We looked everywhere for you!"
Steven says: "Not now!"
Steven turns on the faucet for the bathtub, then immediately grabs the remaining Diamond aura potions and throws them into the water. Steven breathes heavily as he pulls out Jasper's gem from his pocket, revealing that he had shattered her from the impact he caused. Steven puts the pieces of the gem back together.
Steven says: "Please, please let this work.."
Steven says: "!"
Steven holds Jasper's gem in his hands as he puts them into the bathtub water.
Steven says: "*tears fall down his face* Jasper, I'm sorry."
Steven says: "Please, come back!"
Steven's tears fall into the water, causing it to turn into the rainbow-colored healing water.
Steven says: "Please.."
After a while, Jasper's gem starts to glow between Steven's fingers, and he lets go as Jasper begins to reform.
Jasper says: "*breathing heavily* Huh, what?"
Jasper says: "You- shattered me..."
Steven says: "Jasper!"
Steven says: "I-I'm so sorry!"
Steven says: "I should have stopped."
Steven says: "I-I just wasn't thinking!"
Jasper steps out of the bathtub.
Jasper says: "*drops to one knee in front of Steven* I bow to your strength, my Diamond."
Steven says: "*horrified* No..."
END.