Open Int. Galaxy Warp.
Peridot is seen carrying pieces of a broken Warp Pad and piling them together.
Peridot says: "Stupid broken warp..."
Peridot says: "First, the Communication Hub, ugh..."
Peridot says: "now this is busted again..."
Peridot says: "*forms her finger screen* These Crystal Gems are a menace..."
One of the active warp pads activates and Steven and the Gems arrive, startling Peridot.
Pearl says: "Oh, aha!"
Pearl says: "*points at Peridot* Look!"
Pearl says: "I was right!"
Pearl says: "My plan worked perfectly!"
Steven says: "*waves at Peridot* Good mornin'!"
Peridot says: "What!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "How did you know I was here?"
Steven says: "We found a secret way to track you, and we'll never tell you how, even if you ask nicely."
Garnet says: "Peridot!"
Garnet says: "We're here to—"
Pearl says: "*interrupts Garnet and points at Peridot* And you'll never get away with this!"
Peridot says: "Don't you Gems have anything better to do than annoy me!"
Peridot says: "?"
Amethyst says: "*punches her fist into her palm* Nope, we're gonna—"
Pearl says: "*interrupts Amethyst* Prepare to be annoyed!"
Peridot says: "*groans* I don't have time for this!"
Peridot says: "*forms a blaster with her fingers and generates a small energy ball* This planet has an expiration date, and I'm not gonna stick around to find out when!"
Peridot fires the energy shot, but the force of the blast knocks Peridot over. The shot misses the Crystal Gems, but hits a nearby pillar, causing it to fall over.
Pearl says: "Wha—"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "?"
Steven summons his shield and protects the group from the falling debris. Pearl turns around and glares at Peridot, who is still on the ground. Peridot looks at her blaster, and then back at Pearl, chuckling.
Pearl says: "That's it!"
Pearl says: "I'm taking her out!"
Garnet says: "Pearl, wait!"
Peridot fires a tractor beam at Pearl in retaliation, immobilizing her entirely.
Peridot says: "Ha!"
Peridot says: "Sorry, but you're going the wrong way!"
Peridot swings Pearl around and throws her away, causing her to collide into Steven, and thus causing his shield to disappear. Garnet then holds up the falling debris with her gauntlets.
Garnet says: "*turns to Amethyst* Get her!"
Amethyst charges at Peridot, using her spin dash attack. Peridot jumps and dodges out of the way, causing Amethyst to crash into the pile of rubble that Peridot was moving earlier. Amethyst pops out of the pile and shakes off the dust, growling. Peridot tauntingly scuttles away on her fingers.
Peridot says: "Hahahaha, you missed."
Meanwhile, Pearl is still on top of Steven.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Huh?"
Steven nudges Pearl off of him and chases after Peridot. Peridot scuttles onto one of the warp pads, only to find that it does not work.
Peridot says: "AGH!"
Peridot says: "Doesn't anything work on this cruddy planet!"
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "I do!"
Steven, with his shield summoned again, tosses it at Peridot like a frisbee.
Peridot says: "Huh?"
Peridot says: "*gets hit in the head with the shield* OW!"
Garnet says: "Amethyst, catch!"
Garnet hurls the broken pillar she is holding in the air, and Amethyst grabs it with her whip.
Amethyst says: "Destroy!"
Amethyst hurls the pillar like a flail and it smashes the warp pad, completely destroying it. The force of the impact also launches Peridot into the air.
Peridot says: "Waaaah!"
Pearl says: "*chasing after Peridot, with arms outstretched* I got her, I got her, I got her!"
Garnet dispels her gauntlets and move backwards to try and catch Peridot. Pearl then collide into Garnet, while Peridot manages to avoid landing on them through use of her helicopter fingers.
Garnet says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "?"
Garnet says: "Get off me!"
Peridot flies away as Pearl gets up.
Pearl says: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
Pearl says: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
Pearl tries to help Garnet up, but she gets up on her own and grimaces at Pearl, causing to recoil back.
Peridot says: "Wow."
Peridot says: "This is just sad."
Peridot says: "*lands on a functional warp pad* I almost feel sorry for you."
Peridot mimics Steven's taunt before warping away. The group stares in silence for a moment.
Steven says: "*waving* Have a great weekend!"
Steven says: "I mean, I hope..."
Steven says: "her weekend is..."
Steven says: "not so great?"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems warp back home, all looking noticeably distraught.
Pearl says: "Okay, I realize that was a bit of a fiasco."
Pearl says: "But there's a silver lining to this!"
Pearl says: "*walks off the warp pad to Peridot's escape pod, wired to the warp pad* Now we know for sure that we can track her every movement!"
Pearl says: "Whenever she uses the warp system, her escape pod will instantly detect exactly where she is."
Pearl says: "It's only a matter of time until we catch her, and when we do, we'll be able to close this chapter and finally move on!"
Pearl says: "*turns to Garnet* Right?"
Garnet remains quiet as Pearl waits for a response, noticeably apprehensive. Steven and Amethyst appear tense. The silence lasts for a momemt.
Amethyst says: "*sighs heavily* Look, isn't there something that maybe the two of you might need to talk about?"
The escape pod suddenly activates, and the touchscreen activates. Pearl puts her hand onto it, causing her eyes to display data.
Pearl says: "It's Peridot."
Pearl says: "She's using the warps right now."
Pearl says: "*projects a globe hologram from her gem, with a marker pointing around northern South America* Look!"
Pearl says: "This is where she is."
Pearl says: "We got her for sure this time."
Pearl says: "*starts walking towards the warp pad* If she thinks she's got the upper hand, then she's got another thing coming."
Pearl says: "And that's us!"
Garnet follows Pearl to the warp pad, still seemingly tense.
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "at least Pearl's optimistic."
Amethyst says: "It won't help."
Amethyst says: "She can hand Peridot over on a silver platter, but it won't make up for the stunt she pulled to get Garnet to fuse with her."
Amethyst walks to the warp pad, while Steven stands on the spot, in contemplation.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Let's go."
Trans. Ext. Ancient Gem Colony Ship.
The Crystal Gems warp in, near an abandoned Gem ship located in the middle of a jungle.
Steven says: "Woah..."
Pearl says: "Ha!"
Pearl says: "She's desperate."
Pearl says: "Look at this!"
Pearl says: "She's cornered herself in there!"
Garnet says: "Mmm."
Pearl says: "We've got her just where we want her."
Steven says: "What is—"
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "*excitedly and hastily* Excellent question, Steven!"
Pearl says: "What we see before us is an ancient interplanetary Gem vessel."
Pearl says: "*projects a depiction of the ships approaching and landing on Earth from her gem* Homeworld Gems used these ships to travel across the cosmos and land here on Earth before the warp pads were built."
Pearl says: "But these ships landed here so long ago that there's no way they can be functional."
Pearl says: "Peridot's running out of options!"
Garnet says: "Pearl!"
Garnet says: "We can't waste time, let's focus on the task at—"
Pearl says: "*runs on ahead* Ah, yes!"
Pearl says: "The task at hand!"
Pearl says: "No more dawdling, let's go get Peridot!"
Steven and Amethyst look at each other apprehensively. The Crystal Gems then head into the ship, with Pearl attempting to take the lead. The inside of the ship is revealed to be full of plant life, showing its age. The group approaches the ship's control panel.
Steven says: "It's more like a greenhouse than a spaceship."
Amethyst says: "Looks like Earth won this battle."
Suddenly, the Gem projector on the control panel activates. The group stops in their tracks, as the projector reveals Peridot's face.
Peridot says: "*laughing tauntingly* You Gems really are as dull as dirt!"
Pearl says: "You're the dull one if you think you can fly this wreck!"
Peridot glares silently for a brief moment, as Pearl's voice vaguely echoes in the background.
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "What?"
Peridot says: "Can you speak louder?"
Peridot says: "Some of these communicators are gunked up."
Steven grabs one of the Gem communicators, brushes the plants off of it, and speaks into it.
Steven says: "*clears his throat* Pearl says, "You're the dull one if you think you can fly this wreck!"
Peridot glares again silently for a brief moment, as Steven's voice this time vaguely echoes in the background.
Peridot says: "*laughs* Fly!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "I'm not using this vessel to fly!"
Peridot says: "I'm using it to trap you!"
Peridot says: "Isn't this nice..."
Peridot says: "no more Crystal Gems running around, messing with my plans, destroying my things..."
Peridot says: "looks like I've got you just where I want you."
Peridot says: "How does it feel to be so easily outsmarted, you clods!"
Peridot says: "?"
Pearl says: "No..."
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*speaking into the communicator* Hey, uh, this is Amethyst, I don't appreciate being called a clod, you clo—"
Peridot says: "*interrupts* Enough talk!"
Peridot says: "Prepare yourselves for annihilation!"
Peridot says: "Hi-yah!"
Peridot presses something off-screen, and the Crystal Gems looks around in worry, but nothing happens. Annoyed, Peridot presses another button, activating the ship's laser defense systems, which were covered in moss. The laser shooters extend towards the Crystal Gems as they power up.
Peridot says: "Aha!"
Peridot says: "It works!"
Peridot says: "Yes..."
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "Die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die!"
Lasers start firing at the Crystal Gems, as they try to dodge and avoid them. Steven then summons his shield and holds it above his head.
Steven says: "Hey guys, over here!"
The Gems retreat under Steven's shield, when Garnet manages to spot a way out of the room.
Garnet says: "This way!"
The Crystal Gems heads towards the exit, using Steven's shield as an umbrella to protect them from the lasers. They manage to make it to safety, only for Steven's shield to quickly disappear and for Steven to collapse in exhaustion.
Amethyst says: "You're on fire, Steven!"
Steven says: "*panting* That's three shields in one day!"
Steven says: "Not too sha—"
Suddenly, a spike emerges from the ground in front of Steven, almost hitting him. Several more spikes emerges from all directions, as the Gems manage to dodge them.
Garnet says: "Move!"
Pearl and Garnet run ahead while Amethyst carries Steven. Peridot's voice can be heard in the background as the group dodges the spikes.
Peridot says: "SPIKES!"
Peridot says: "How do you like my spikes!"
Peridot says: "?"
The Crystal Gems eventually reach the end of the hallway, encountering what appears to be Peridot.
Pearl says: "PERIDOT!"
Garnet says: "Pearl, don't just..."
Garnet says: "!"
Pearl slashes at Peridot with her spear, only to find that it is merely a hologram. The hologram deforms from the slash briefly, before reforming.
Peridot says: "Heheheh, you idiot."
Pearl, filled with rage, repeatedly slashes at the hologram, and Garnet facepalms. The group walks up to Pearl, who eventually tires herself out and gives up her effort, panting heavily.
Garnet says: "Pearl, stop."
Garnet says: "That isn't helping."
Pearl says: "I have to do something!"
Pearl says: "I can't believe I walked us right into Peridot's trap."
Pearl says: "This is all my..."
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "fault?"
The floor then collapses into a funnel beneath the Crystal Gems, causing all of them to fall. As they are falling, Amethyst quickly summons two whips and use one of them to grab Steven, and the other to grab a vine on the ceiling of the ship, effectively stopping her and Steven's fall.
Amethyst says: "I got you Steven!"
Steven says: "Thanks Amethyst!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet and Pearl!"
Steven says: "Are you guys okay?"
Steven, hanging from the whip by his waist, looks down to see Garnet and Pearl at the bottom of the drop in a small chamber.
Garnet says: "We're fine!"
Suddenly, the floor closes up above Garnet and Pearl, trapping them within the chamber.
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Crud..."
Amethyst, retracting her whips and carrying Steven, slides down the walls and lands on the floor that had closed up above Garnet and Pearl. Amethyst and Steven look up, and see a giant monitor screen displaying Garnet and Pearl in the chamber. Both of them are frantically attacking the walls inside with their weapons. Above the screen are three immobile Gem gears.
Steven says: "*runs up to the screen with Amethyst* We gotta get 'em out!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, what should we..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "Garnet..."
Pearl says: "I'm sorry!"
Steven and Amethyst then hear Pearl speaking to Garnet through the screen's audio feed.
Amethyst says: "*halts Steven* Wait a sec."
Pearl says: "Things weren't supposed to turn out this way."
Garnet says: "*punches the wall one more time* We'll get out of here somehow."
Pearl says: "*sighs* That's not what I mean..."
Pearl says: "I really wanted to catch Peridot to make up for what I did..."
Pearl says: "I wanted to prove to you that..."
Pearl says: "that everything could go back to normal..."
Garnet says: "Catching Peridot won't make things go back to normal."
Garnet says: "This isn't about Peridot."
Amethyst says: "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "They're actually talking!"
Steven says: "Now they can finally work things out!"
Suddenly, the Gem gears above Amethyst and Steven start to activate and turn, causing the walls of the chamber, that Garnet and Pearl are in, to close in on them.
Amethyst says: "Not if they get crushed!"
Garnet and Pearl start pushing against the walls.
Pearl says: "*panting* Please!"
Pearl says: "Tell me!"
Pearl says: "How can I make you forgive me!"
Pearl says: "?"
Garnet says: "You can't!"
Garnet says: "You lied to me!"
Garnet says: "You need to learn that there are consequences to your actions!"
Pearl says: "I'm sorry!"
Pearl says: "I..."
Pearl says: "I couldn't help myself!"
Garnet kicks the wall on Pearl's side, in an attempt to slow the walls down.
Garnet says: "I don't want to hear your excuses!"
Pearl says: "But it's true!"
Pearl says: "No matter how hard I try to be strong like you..."
Pearl says: "I'm just a Pearl."
Pearl says: "I'm useless on my own."
Pearl says: "*starts to cry* I need someone to tell me what to do."
The walls suddenly stop moving. Outside the chamber, Amethyst is using her whip to bind two of the Gem gears together, preventing them from turning. Steven is pulling on Amethyst to provide support.
Pearl says: "*holding her arms*..."
Pearl says: "When we fuse, I can feel what it's like to be you."
Pearl says: "Confident and secure, and complete."
Pearl says: "You're perfect."
Pearl says: "You're the perfect relationship, you're always together, I just..."
Pearl says: "I wanted to be a part of that."
Garnet says: "You're wrong!"
Garnet says: "I'm not as strong as you think!"
Garnet says: "I fell apart over this."
Garnet says: "Ruby and Sapphire were in turmoil over how you deceived me."
Garnet says: "I came undone..."
Amethyst says: "Woah, that really happened?"
Steven says: "Hmm."
Garnet says: "It's not easy being in control."
Garnet says: "I have weaknesses too."
Garnet says: "But I choose not to let them consume me."
Garnet says: "I struggle to stay strong because I know the impact I have on everyone."
Garnet says: "Please understand, Pearl."
Garnet says: "You have an impact too."
Garnet says: "There are times when I look up to you for strength."
Garnet says: "You are your own gem."
Garnet says: "You control your destiny."
Garnet says: "Not me, not Rose, not Steven."
Garnet says: "But you must choose to be strong, so we can move forward."
Garnet says: "So I can trust you again."
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "I understand."
Pearl says: "I can't give up anymore!"
Garnet says: "Good!"
Just then, Amethyst's whip snaps, and Steven and Amethyst fall backwards. The whip disappears and the Gem gears begin to move again, causing the walls to close in on Garnet and Pearl once again.
Garnet says: "Pearl, there's only one way out of this!"
Pearl says: "Only if you're okay with it."
Garnet nods affirmatively.
Steven says: "*panicking, running back and forth* AAAH!"
Amethyst says: "*panicking, running back and forth* AAAH!"
Steven says: "What do we do, what do we do, what do we do!"
Amethyst says: "What do we do, what do we do, what do we do!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "?"
The floor suddenly breaks open, as Sardonyx jumps out of the hole, using her war hammer as a drill. She immediately then unfuses back into Garnet and Pearl, and the two look at each other for a moment.
Trans. Int. Ancient Gem Colony Ship Control Bridge.
Peridot is seen pushing all sorts of buttons on the control panel. There are three projectors, two of which appear to show nothing but static, and the remaining one showing a map of the ship, though it flickers into static for moments at a time.
Peridot says: "Urrgh, stupid button here, I don't know what anything is AGGGH!"
Peridot says: "*raises her fists in frustration* Blast this old Gem tech!"
Peridot says: "Where'd they go?"
Peridot says: "Why isn't anything working!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "Ahhh!"
The wall behind Peridot suddenly blasts open, and the Crystal Gems burst in.
Garnet says: "Surrender, Peridot!"
Garnet says: "You have nowhere to run!"
Steven says: "The Crystal Gems are gonna get yoooou!"
Peridot says: "You really think this is the end!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "*aims her blaster at the Crystal Gems* Hahahaha..."
Peridot says: "this, this is only the beginning..."
Peridot says: "of my escape!"
Peridot then points her blaster away at the ceiling and fires an energy shot, blast a large hole in the roof of the ship. The Crystal Gems brace themselves from the impact, and Peridot begins flying off again with her helicopter fingers towards the hole, laughing tauntingly.
Peridot says: "Well, I'd love to stick around and watch another one of your pathetic attempts to capture me, but I guess I'm just too smart for the likes of you lumpy, clumpy, clods!"
Peridot continues laughing, but is suddenly weighed down. She looks down and sees Steven, grabbing onto one of her feet.
Steven says: "I caught a Peridot!"
Peridot says: "Hey!"
Peridot says: "Get your touch-stumps off me, you Steven!"
Peridot says: "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "*jumps and grabs onto Steven* Yeah, Steven!"
Pearl says: "*grabs onto Amethyst* Don't let her go!"
Garnet then grabs onto Pearl's leg, and the Crystal Gems effectively tethers Peridot from her flight.
Peridot says: "Raagh!"
Peridot says: "*starts flicking Steven in his face* Let go of me, you, you..."
Peridot says: "persistent..."
Peridot says: "little..."
Peridot says: "whatever exactly you are!"
Garnet says: "Peridot, your flight's..."
Garnet says: "been cancelled!"
Peridot says: "Nooo..."
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot taps on her foot with one of her fingers, outlining it with a lime-greenish glow. It then suddenly detaches from the rest of her body, causing Steven, Amethyst, and Pearl to fall. Peridot, now freed, flees, as smoke emanates out of the hole where Peridot's foot used to be.
Peridot says: "*groans in anger* You'll pay for this, Crystal Gems."
Peridot says: "I'll get you back, just you waaaaait!"
The Crystal Gems watch in a daze, as Peridot flies out of sight. Pearl stands up and looks up towards the sky, with a determined expression. Steven gets up and walks beside her.
Steven says: "Pearl..."
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "It's okay, Steven."
Pearl says: "Next time..."
Pearl says: "*holds up Peridot's foot*..."
Pearl says: "We'll get the rest of her."
Pearl says: "Right, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "It's a good step forward."
Steven says: "*laughs* Foot joke!"
Steven, Garnet, and Pearl all start laughing, as Amethyst looks on, still sitting on the ground.
Amethyst says: "*sighs heavily and falls backwards with a smile* Finally."
The star iris closes on Amethyst's satisfied face, ending the episode.
END.