Open Int. Beach House.
Steven says: "*peering through a pile of laundry* Where are you?"
Steven says: "Tsk tsk tsk."
Steven says: "You’re a mess, Steven."
Pearl says: "*runs towards the kitchen, holding a bubble full of shards* I know I had eight..."
Pearl says: "*searching* Hey, Steven, have you seen a Gem shard anywhere?"
Pearl says: "It’s very important."
Steven says: "No, have you seen my pants?"
Steven says: "*reveals that he is wearing just a shirt and underwear* They’re also very important."
Pearl says: "I’m serious, Steven."
Steven says: "*disengages from Pearl's explanation and thinks to himself* They weren’t in the kitchen either..."
Steven says: "Under the bed!"
Steven says: "No wait, I looked there too."
Steven says: "And then Pearl walked in..."
Pearl says: "*explaining in the background* -semi-sentient drone soldiers with the capacity to follow basic orders."
Pearl says: "Gems once created an army of these drones, but found their obedience waned as the shards overdeveloped inside their uniforms and turned on their commanders."
Steven says: "*looks at Pearl and gasps to himself* Pearl!"
Steven says: "Oh jeez, she’s really explaining something..."
Steven says: "I can’t just start listening now, I’d be lost!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Just like my pants..."
Pearl says: "-could become a monster."
Pearl says: "That’s why it’s very, very important it’s kept away from any kind of garment..."
A pair of pants is seen running past Steven and Pearl in the background.
Pearl says: "If you see it, bring it to me, right away."
Pearl says: "I’m going to check in town."
Steven says: "*shouts at Pearl* For my pants?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I guess I’ll keep looking here."
Steven says: "*notices the pants behind him* That’s unusual!"
Steven says: "*chases after it* Come on, we used to be friends!"
Steven says: "We used to go everywhere together!"
Steven says: "*pounces on them* Gotcha now, pants!"
Steven says: "*puts them on* I wear the pants in this relationship!"
Steven says: "*pants wriggling* What’s gotten into you?"
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Steven says: "*takes out a Gem shard from his pocket, pants cease* It’s a..."
Steven says: "thingie."
Steven says: "Is this Pearl’s shard thingy?"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "Thanks!"
Steven says: "I gotta get you to Pearl."
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven says: "*walking along the boardwalk and yelling* Hey, Pearl!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "She must still be looking for my pants..."
A peculiar fries-looking character rushes in and bumps into Steven, knocking him to the ground. It reveals to be Peedee in a fries costume.
Peedee says: "*panicking* Aah, please help me!"
Peedee says: "Aah, No, get them away!"
Peedee says: "Please!"
Peedee says: "Aah!"
Steven, frightened by the character, screams and cowers on the ground. A flock of seagulls flies in and assaults Peedee.
Peedee says: "*takes off the head of the costume* I’m not fries!"
Steven lets out a deep sigh of relief, and Mr. Fryman comes out of the Beach Citywalk Fries to see the commotion.
Mr. Fryman says: "Gah, where’s your face, Frybo?"
Mr. Fryman says: "Being part of the Fryman family means you gotta sell fries..."
Mr. Fryman says: "and be my son, which you are."
Mr. Fryman says: "So, you’re already halfway there."
Mr. Fryman says: "Keep at it, Frybo!"
Peedee says: "*clenches fist* I’m Pee-  -dee..."
Peedee says: ".."
Steven says: "*waves* Hi, Peedee!"
Peedee says: "When I told my dad I wanted to be part of the Fryman family business, I didn’t think it meant being stuck in a sweaty old costume."
Peedee says: "Things used to be different, Steven, nothing to worry about back then except making myself dizzy on the old seahorse ride at Funland."
Steven says: "*thinks Peedee is joking* Oh, Frybo, you’re hilarious."
Peedee says: "*sighs* I wish there was a way for this costume to do its job without me in it."
Steven says: "Maybe it can, Peedee..."
Steven says: "*starry-eyes* Maybe it can..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven dons on the Frybo costume.
Steven says: "*starts singing* Oooooh..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*suddenly attacked by seagulls* Aah!"
Steven says: "Waahhh!"
Steven takes off the Frybo costume, leaving it in a decrepit state on the boardwalk, while seagulls flock all over at it.
Steven says: "*looking at the costume* Wait!"
Steven says: "I have another idea."
Steven takes out the shard in his backpack, shoos the seagulls away and drops the shard inside the costume. The costume begins to shake, repairs itself and rolls away.
Peedee says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "Stop!"
Peedee says: "Unbelievable!"
Peedee says: "Get up!"
Steven says: "Do a little dance!"
Frybo creates legs out of fries, while Steven and Peedee react in disgust, and starts dancing weirdly. Mr. Fryman comes out of the building again to observe. Peedee quickly hides behind Steven.
Mr. Fryman says: "Woah-ho, all right!"
Mr. Fryman says: "It’s about ti—"
Mr. Fryman says: "I mean, good job, buddy!"
Mr. Fryman says: "That’s what I’m talking about, Frybo, ha ha."
Mr. Fryman says: "Keep it up!"
Peedee says: "Free, I’m free!"
Peedee says: "*to Frybo* You’ve got the job, Frybo, let’s shake on it!"
Steven says: "*laughing* He’s got jokes!"
Peedee says: "*nauseated* Ok, no more shaking."
Peedee says: "Put me down."
Peedee says: "Let’s go be kids!"
Trans. Funland Arcade.
Peedee and Steven ride on the Seahorse and Jellyfish rides respectively. Peedee is full of joy, but quickly becomes disappointed as the ride comes to a stop.
Peedee says: "This seahorse used to make me so happy."
Peedee says: "Now it’s just giving me whiplash."
Peedee says: "I feel like there’s just no point to it, you know what I mean?"
Steven says: "*shaking from the Jellyfish ride* I just feel tingly!"
Peedee says: "*sighs* You’ll understand when you have a job."
Steven says: "I do have a job, I protect humanity from magic and monsters and stuff!"
Peedee says: "I mean a real job, that you get paid for."
Steven says: "I'm paid in the smiles across the town’s faces."
Peedee says: "I don’t see anyone smiling."
Peedee says: "You pick up a job to buy a house, or raise kids, or to..."
Peedee says: "impress your dad."
Peedee says: "You work away your life, and what does it get you?"
Steven says: "Smiles on faces?"
Peedee says: "No!"
Peedee says: "You get cash."
Peedee says: "Cash that can’t buy back what the job takes..."
Peedee says: "not if you rode every seahorse in the world."
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "wanna try the jellyfish?"
A distant scream is heard.
Peedee says: "That came from the fry shop!"
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
People are seen running in terror out of the door of the Beach Citywalk Fries building. Yellow tendrils then whip out from inside and starts dragging people back inside.
Peedee says: "*panicking* We didn’t tell him to do that, did we tell him to do that?!"
Peedee says: "!"
Ext. & Int. BC Fries.
Frybo is standing inside with several people captured with its fry hair tendrils.
Mr. Smiley says: "Please, no more fries!"
Steven says: "Frybo, stop!"
Frybo stops and slowly turns around, revealing veins protruding all over his face. Steven and Peedee flinch. Frybo then hurls Lars at them through the windows, whom they duck out of the way, and he hits the table.
Lars says: "*spits out fries* I don’t even like fries!"
Peedee says: "*panicking* Why isn’t he listening?!"
Peedee says: "!"
Steven says: "I don’t know!"
Mr. Fryman says: "Peedee!"
Mr. Fryman says: "*emerges from the back of the shop* Where’s all this coming from?!"
Mr. Fryman says: "!"
Mr. Fryman says: "Ah, I get it, I pushed you too hard!"
Mr. Fryman says: "I thought you wanted to be as good a Fryman as you could be!"
Mr. Fryman says: "you’re a tough kid for putting up with it as long as you did!"
Mr. Fryman says: "The truth is, you’re a valued member of Fryman Brothers Incorporated and all its affiliates!"
Peedee is touched by Mr. Fryman's statement. Frybo picks Mr. Fryman off the ground and shoves fries in his mouth.
Peedee says: "Daaad!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "*tackles Peedee down* He’ll mash your potatoes!"
Steven says: "*tries to climb over the counter: Peedee: What are you going to do!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*stands proudly* My job!"
Mr. Fryman is then promptly chunked towards Steven and Peedee and lands on top of them, immobilizing them, and is knocked unconscious. Frybo starts approaching them out the counter windows.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*reveals herself in front of Steven, still holding the bubble of shards* Did you put my missing shard in that fry costume?"
Steven says: "Yes!"
Pearl says: "Didn’t you hear what I said about the living armor and infantries and many, many deaths?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "No!"
Pearl says: "*irritated* Oh Steven..."
Pearl jumps on top of the table and throws her spear at Frybo, hitting its eye. Ketchup then sprays from the eye at Pearl. Pearl is then knocked off the table, causing her to drop the bubble of shards and it pops. Peedee rolls Mr. Fryman off of him and Steven.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Ugh, the ketchup!"
Pearl says: "It’s everywhere, I can’t see!"
Steven says: "*noticing dropped shards* Shards..."
Steven says: "Need!"
Pearl says: "Wah?"
Pearl says: "*feels around blindly* Steven?"
Peedee says: "*holds the unconscious Mr."
Peedee says: "Fryman and tears up* Daaad!"
Frybo emerges from the building, Pearl's spear still in his eye, and approaches the Frymans.  Mr. Fryman regains consciousness, while Peedee grabs a broken plank and confronts it.
Peedee says: "*swinging at Frybo* Go away!"
Mr. Fryman says: "*getting up* Peedee?"
Peedee says: "You are awful!"
Peedee says: "I hate you!"
Peedee says: "I’ve always hated you!!"
Mr. Fryman says: "Wait?"
Mr. Fryman says: "You’ve always hated Frybo?"
Frybo disarms Peedee, causing him to fall backwards, and Mr. Fryman catches him. As Frybo approaches the Frymans, a pair of pants suddenly flies in with a Gem shard in its pocket and kicks Frybo in its face.
The Frymans says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*still blinded* Where?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven appears in just his underwear after placing a shard in each of his garments. His socks, shirt, pants, shoes, and jacket stand beside him.
Steven says: "*fry in mouth* Your move, Frybo."
Steven says: "*eats the fry, Frybo charges towards him* Attack!"
Steven’s garments collectively attack Frybo. Cheese starts flowing out of Frybo's mouth, as it smacks Steven onto the ground.
Steven says: "I didn’t want to do this, but you leave me no choice."
Steven says: "*lies on the ground* Underwear, go!"
Steven's underwear flies off of him and onto Frybo's other eye. Steven's pants kicks Frybo's leg, tripping it over. A naked Steven then runs up to Frybo and rips the Gem shard out of Frybo's cheese-filled mouth.
Pearl says: "Steven, are you alright?"
Pearl says: "*blindly touches Mr."
Mr. Fryman says: "Fine."
Steven says: "I’m okay."
Steven says: "As soon as I bared my butt, I knew he’d crack."
Trans. Beach.
Steven’s garments carry the Frybo costume and prepare to send it out to sea on a makeshift raft while Steven, still naked, and others look on.
Mr. Fryman says: "You were great, Frybo."
Mr. Fryman says: "The kids today just didn’t understand."
Mr. Fryman says: "Now, they never will."
Pearl says: "Weren’t people scared of it before he attacked them?"
Mr. Fryman says: "It’s time..."
Mr. Fryman says: "to send him off."
Mr. Fryman says: "*sighs* As greasy in death..."
Mr. Fryman says: "as he was in life."
Peedee says: "Dad?"
Peedee says: "Uhm..."
Peedee says: "I'll..."
Peedee says: "Are you going to get another costume?"
Mr. Fryman says: "I don’t need another Frybo, I got *puts his arm around Peedee* the fry man."
Steven says: "*posing heroically with a huge smile* Pearl, I think our work here is done."
Pearl says: "*unamused* Put your clothes on, Steven."
The star iris zooms in on the star of Steven's shirt, ending the episode.
END.